DEATHS. On the 7th of December last, at Fern-grove, River Hutt, New Zealand, Wllam Swainson, Esq., F.RS., F.LS., Assistant Commissary General, late of Tittenhanger. Hertfordshire, age 66. On the 25th of December, 155, at sea, on board the Nile, Georgiana Crosbie Walton, wife of Robert Muirheid Reddie, Esq,, of Calcutta. On the 1st of January, at Paramatta, New South Wales, Mfr. Edw d. Tapp, aged 3S, eldest son of Mr. James Tapp, 34, Broad-street, Bloomsbury. On the 14th of February, at Seetabuldee, India, Emily L.. the wife of Ensign ArthurEdmond Oakes, of thelist Madras Native Infantry. On the 27th of February, at Demerara, of yellow fever, Frederick P, Woollcombe, Esq.. Deputy Assistant Commissary-GeneraL second son of the late Captain Voonlcombe, R.BA, of Clifton, aged 35. On the 3d ult., at Bounemoutb, Hampshire, Charlotte Alice, the be - loved wife of Thomas iMaylin Theed, Esq., age °3. On the 7th ult., at Shamley, Canada, Captain R. HaUis, aged 68, many years of the lst Dragoon Guards, then of the Royal Canadian Mtiles. He was at Waterloo. having entered the army at 17 years of age On the 1.h of March. at Tresor-sqanre, Brompton, much regrette(i by her family and friends, Jane Paget Gill, aged 36 ysears. On Tuesday, the 1st inst., Frances, third daughter of the late John hemp, REq., or Poole. On the Ist inst. at Belfast Barracks, Ireland, of smaU pox, Robert Boleyne Howard, lEsq., Lieutenant 2d Rosal Cheshire MLitia, second Eon of the Hon. and Rev. cFracis HowardL of Swords, and nephew to the Earl of WVicklow. On the 4th inst., at Anlover, at a very advanced age, Mfr. Benjn. Wiltshire, a highly respected inhabitant of that place. On the 4th inst., at Trafford-mount,Manchester, slrs. George Dlnlope On the 5th inst., at Houghton-hall, Norfolk, Susan Georgiana, aged one year and seven months, the beloved child of the Rev. J. H. Broom,e vicar of Houghtort On the 5tn inst., at the Cnarterhouse, Mfrs. Elizabeth Jiffkins, aged 27. for 26 years Matron of the Charterhouse, beloved and esteemed by all who knew her. On Sunday, the 6th inst., in Grosvenor-street, Christiana Fox, the beloved wife of Daniel lambert, Esq., of Banstead, Surrey, aged 71. On Sanday, the 6th inst., suddenly, while on a visit at Forncett S'. retee- Rectory, the Rev. Philp Alpe, M.A., second son of the late Col. Hamond Alpe, of Hardligham, in the county of Norfolk, age 13. On the 6th inst., after a short iUness. Mr. John Edward Lovegrove. Of ladong's Hotel, Old Cavendish-street, in the 36th year of his age. On the 7th inst., suddenly, at Weinheim, Baden, Richard, the only E-on of Richard Cabden, Esq.. 55L?., agedI 15. On tLhe 7th inst., at 24, Queen Ann-street, Arma Maria, widow of the late Eeward Ash, Esq . LD., aged9O. On the Sth inst., at CoynantCottage, Mile-end, Mr. Rooert Eill, aged 89, late of Whitechapel- On the Sth inst, at his residence, Elorence Villa, Campden-hill, Kensington, in the 55th year of his age, John Howel Davies Req., of ittemst Iaodge, Sunning-hill, Berks, deeply regretted by relatives and friends. On the Sth inst., at Passsy-les-Paris. Mfary Ann, the excellentan beloved wife of 3r. Joshua Brandon, in the 6Ath ye3 r of her age.n On the 8th inst., at the rectory house, Whepstead Bury St. Edmonds, tne Rev. Thomas Imae, M.LA. rector of Whepstead and Stanninmfield, of the fonrer parish te wasrector for iS years. On the Sth inst., at Chilham, Kent, Mary, the beloved wvife of John Blyth, asq. On the lth inst., Kathleen, the beloved and deeply lamented uaughter of Fredenck Boyle, of Cornhill and Peckham, in her 14th Year. On the 10th inst., at 15, Harewood-equare, John Newman, eldest semi of Thomas Mieziter,2Esq., of Barvick-hotaue, Yeovil, Somerset, in his I;th year. At -No. IL, Cfranbury-terrace, Southampton, Colonel Frederick, Fanquhasson, Late of the 7th Rloyal Frusiliers, aged 53.
CtNTRAL PEXNINSULAR RAILWAY of POR- k-/TUGAL.-The Direction of this rompany herelsv give notice to thre Shareholders, who. Iu conformity with Axticle 17 of the Cbrmpany9 Statutes. have votes in the General Axsembly, that In consequence of the non-attendancoe of the leealnumber of Shareholders at the Meeting of the General Aiselnbly called forthe 15th inst.. theyaxe agai aeoninked, aeceoding to Art 15, for & SEC.OND MEETING, to be boden got the 14th of April text, at 1 o'clock pL.* at the Company's Offices, &m&a Apolionia, Lisbon, By order of the Board, (Siamed. Tme SSgeret&% B. XA.RTINS da SILYL Lich,01. 17th March 1I58 rME 00131ERIAL RAILWAY of RUSSIA, JL RIA. an DUNAURG,Provisonally Registered htLandIth * 0ccp P Eetablished bySpecial Decree of His Imperial Maje.ty th 1rpeoof Ruseta, Dated M.y 11th, 101; grautinie a giaaranteeof 'a maulnium interest of 4, per cent, on the stai of 1Zf0_00500 siliver roobis of capital, wlshirll equal to a garantee of 5 per cent, on the Eum required for the ens',rviction of he Rail-'ay, with other 'ralsabl e vprivileger. An addlitiocal ;i per ent. is also guaranteed eta the above -smto form a sinking-fund t;s redeem the shares at par within 56 years ThisRailway, with ita Fatenlioo, is the only lBoo in Russia to which these privileges ave beensicured. Length of line shout 140 miles. CaPital lautharized by the Imvnial Goyemwsuent) 19,O0.000 silver loubles about £E200,00, tIn WtS. shares of £100 each. bcarinF, a tuSaateed minimium izterest of 41 per cent., to he issued at ASP, Lepceit £lper share. 3,0OO sharesresrved for harholder4 in Iussia. The dividends willbe 0liyabre half-yearly, in London, St. Petershurm. Ind Rtiga. & guma has K-en allo,,ed by the Imperia Governmflent for the payment of interest doiring construction : from this su,n 5 per cent. 'interest willbe paidlon alt calls frotm dite or pAyment till the opening of the whole line for traficto DIRECTORS in LONDON (With power to add to their numkber.) Tlhiliv IP. Blyth. Esq., chairman, 13. Wirupole-street Joh Fimig. ss, o th Fim f Rbioueand Fleming, 21, Austinthalee1111. est. o lb Fim o Jaes illand Sonsg, 31, Groat WiniHenr Robnso, Rap. , Chado-stret,CavErdilsh-square, and St. The hairina f te Ria Exhang Comittee is a Director am BrokersMsrsJt ad.. Sutton.. 22. oa xhne The privilleges granited by the ImprerialRlussa ovrmn icue anoriz others- 1, Plower to found a Company with shares Legotiable abroad as well as ill RtluSsa. ii. Absolute control by the Comnpaniy over tho construction aud 3. Al Cowntoos aesien or he urpsesof the ra4ilwy, free of -L Al pivat la's equied osy e tkenat the low tariff at whichi 5. lt ateial, sns ~ aoes grvel sad,clay, he,. may ho taken 8. All raiNlso, teenmtiees sad whaitever required for the ralway, may bie imported, du ty free, from any country. The conce .uaon of thisq linc. 'etch tOie aba-re and other privileRges,wsas yrated to the Committee.nfthe Ries Exchangeu.and isnew cff ere to this Conanally on uAdvantageous terms. Thnis Company hass been formed for the pulrpose of undertaking the constructiou of this rails' -ad its subsequent mnanageme,nt. Alltheespuse atending the obtaining, of the cenetdl n Imaking a-curatesurseys and -'tbisetes have-been already inciurred by the Rigs Exchange Committee ; this Company- is therfore established unader pecsilasrly favourable circumtalnces, a' the risk incidental to railway c-j.smaue generally is in this ease avoided, namely, the nlecesalty of incurring: considerable expense before securing a concession. Tots railwray, running from the principal Baltic port of RuLssia in the dirertlon of its inhaindtrnitiec, and uniting the towen by railway with the three capitals. St. Petersburg. Moscow. andl Warsaw, anid the main Murope,mn lines, oilers the well-foandedI prospect of a considerable return in eXceSSof its gtl3nJteed Minimum rate. By estituates bar-ed on tLe present traffie of the town saxd pert of Rligs. a return of 15 per cent. may ho expected shortlyaftecr the cornpletion of the line. goods dirircted to Rigs avoid the difficulty andI dangerous navigation ofthe Gulf of Finland. This advanitage.joined to its proximaity to the -reat producing districts. and its longer open season, has caused a steady,- increase in its trade, till the commerce of the port of Rigs now rivals that of St. Petersburg. By meanus of this; line. goods; which ame brought from the interior by the snow roeas dluring the winlter will ho fo~rwarded for spring shipment when freights and( insorances are losw. instaad of. an at present, being ofeu delayed till the autumn. by the dilticulttes of tra~nsport. This lice must ultimately become the main cosasercial trunk line for the nortle and west oE Euseaia; and the shareholders have every security that rovernmenlt. having guaranteed the success of this line, will not gancti-sn ans competing llnes. Sha-ek,ul,irs- wiLt after the liitc,,ll, ho allowed. to anticipate foituro yayxcents en condlition of giving notice of thLeir desire to do so pret ="uiy o aytcall bin announcd. On such anticipated payments S;hould the ti-sty of isasee with Russia. which has been signed._ not be ratilied. or should the Directors consider it no advi~sable to conchlude the arranentient for this concession, from any causze, either political or other, at present unfoeseene, the deposit will be returned, deducting expenses, which can. in this case, be only trifing in amounit. All applications for shares must ho addres,sed in Messrs. Robinson and Fleming. 21. Austinfriars:- or to the Brokers of the Company, _Messrs. It. and J. Sutton. 22, Royal Exchan;re. A deposit of ;l per share must accompany each application for al3otment.- whirlh must be in tCe annexed form. No appllcntions will ho received after Monday, the 14th inst., at 3 obloca. Form of Application for Shamres. To the I)irectora of the Riga-Dunabur; Railway Company. C-eniecu-- r,rqucst that you will allot, me - shiares in the above-named C-ompany, and Ihereby agree to accept such shares, or any less numrbe that may7 be allet~tes to me. and to pay the calls at the appointesi times, and to execute the Deed of Settlemuent wvhnn required tn do so. Th,s application is accompanied by a deoposit of a-0, being £e1 per Share on the number of shares applied for byrme. I aso, Gentlemen, Yourobedient servant, Data ..... Name infl. Profession or occupation......... Res-idence in full............. Place of business (if any) ..... se -TTALI-4-N JUNCTION RAIL Y ,uniting ttie whl ytem of French. German, n ws t.ley et h Itatways of Piedmonit aLndItaly. by thvaeyo the Rhone-Cn cesson i Peretuiy.-Sci0da Ano inym e with Liied L ivu abMelity3L Drontillaud, Administrateur dut Casumin do Fer do Paonis et Orean- lit. AlUbert Lacroix. Admsinistratewr du Chemin de Fer do Paris - Orleans. dun Grand Centr4ale des esarisImperiales. Compte A. de La Valette. Propri,lnvtre de Forges 21s. AcIsille Mlorisseaii. Administrateurdo 1n Ceomparnzie du sod 'N. Claivaz. Ancien President dlu Conseil d'Etat du Valais ?,L 7en Rudinen, Ancien Pr6sident do Conseil d'Etat du Valais 3%f Jaues Fazy., Pr&eidenlt dun Cosell d'Etat do Genvee Iliam. Austin. Esq.. Director of the Samabre and IdMeuse Ra-ilway-, and of the Ailfor.1 Railway Charles Gilpin, East.. Director of the South-Eastern RalwHay Charles Smith Miortimer. Rs,q., Direct-or of the L-ondon anid 9outhWestern Railway Hlenry Tootal, Eazi-. Deputy Chairman of the Shropshire Union Rall- wayazd Canal Company, BANKERS. In Parif-31M. Blacque, Certain, DzoullIard, and Co., 21, rue de Grama- Mont Ina London-Messrs.Masterinan. Peters, asnd Co.. 35. Nicholas-lane. BroersMesrs liepprd nduns 23 Thesneele-tret.London. Thne French system of railways so ably planined and execulted, has niow been completed from C-alais and Boulogne to paris. from Paris to Strasburg. anid from Paris by- Lyos sand Aionto Mfarseiles. These grunt lines of railway have 3ieldtd very large proiite to the ahareholders andhave given a decided impulse to the construction of railways in adlioining countries. Nowhere is this result more remarkably shown than in the case of Switzerland. where the peculiar formation of the country in the interior Offers gret obstacles to engineers. while the course of the great rivera of the Rhine and the Rhone s,eems to afford remarkable facilities.for placing Swutrerland in immiediate relat-ion with France. Germany. and Italy, by meaus of riway c-ommonsca,son. Infdueutial parties connected w ith the Paris and Lyons and Paris and Etrasbueg Rtailway Companies have actively promoted the Lyons and Genieva, the Central Of Slsitzeflsad. and the Western of Switzerland Ra ilwayz. Thnese three great linies wil soon ho finished, and will confer great advantages upon Switrerland. at the same time that they will swell the traffic upon the French railways a On the other band, the great trunk line of Piedmont, from Arena on the tago M1aggiore to Genioa, on the Mediterranean. is finished and in full operation. Therevists ofits wok-ing exceed the meetsaguine expectations; and the desire daily increases to connect the Frnuch system ofrailwaYs with the Piedmontese andlItaliansys-tem, especially at the present mnoment, when the whole netwxork of thle LommirdoVenetiant lines has been granted to a POwerful comPany of French, Italian. and Rag;lish capittlit. The Swiss Lines connected with Fr-ance all converce upon the Lake of Geneva. andi the wh9le Italian system, both from Venike andI Trieste, will ho connected by way of Mil an and Novara, with the Piedmonte-so RailUwa Y. Thne Italian Junction Railway, starting from the take of Gene~ra, andI Proceeding by the Valley of the Rhono and the Simpion to Arona, will supply the intervening link : and by the shortest and metpdrstieable route wilt units the vast network of railways in Frnc nd Northern Europe withi the rich plains of Italy and the harbours of the Mediterrauean, Thle first section of this great international line of railway, from the lake of Geneva to Slion anid Btriegg, is 114 kilometres, or about 70 males irs length. A concession in perpettnityfor its execution hras been grantedi to this Company, and responsible contractors ame prepared to complete lbs urorit, for a sum not exceeding £~13.000 per mile. The possession of this line ensures the meet expeditious rouite between France and Italy by lbs Simplon. wrhich Tas selected by the genius of Napoleon for the construction. of his military read, and which is ascertained by engineering science to ho the only pass of the Alps is whxich a tunnel can be constructcd, of Pmeticable dimensions, wvithout inclined planes and fixed engines. Thae execution of this tuninel alone, 41 kiometres (or less then three miles) in length, and the completion of -the line to Arona,will effect a very considerable saving: of time between Pai an l oae on the Miedliterranean teaond Genoa. as well asa between PrsMia,and the greater pSar of Italy. Thae Italiaa Junction Railway Compang has the right to complete thre line to Arons, with every assurance of support from the Governmnents and the localitiesr interested, and with every facility for raisin.' the capital, either by way Of shares or obligations, wvhen the result of the present expenditure, and the Progress of thL mliiwassin Switzerland and Italy shall justify an augmentation of the capital. In the mean time the traffic alontg the Valley of the Rhone wilt ho highly remunerative, espe t cially for a railway constructed at a cosit considerably below the a-,erae of the French railways. Some idea may be formed of the extent of the throu1-h traffi. from the fact that, whereas ura to 1014 the, numb'er of travellers by the Simpleu had never exceeded 20.000 per annm, the opeigo b Piedmontose Rtailway, in 101, from NOvaraenArnam 1 kiofnthes distant from the Simplon). raised the number of traveU llesist year to Anoter iporent act,shoing he vpidincrease in the traffic as railaysappoac th valey f te Rone isthe augmentationl in the posting ~~~~~~~~~receiptsofteSisGvren. hseecia did not cove theexpnseein 332:in 813 heybalacedthe expenses ; in 1051 here as a rofitof l0.OlOf:andillsatheoprofit rose to, The approaching completioni of the railways from Lyons to Geneva:I-em Berne to Geneva, and from Dole and Salils to tausanne. as well as the progressive opening of the Central Italian and Lombardian lines cannot fail greatly to increase teec traffic. The resources of the locality are also varied andI extensive ;the valley of the Rhone is one of the larges,t and finest valleys in Switzerland. The temperature ins mild and reguaar. The fertility of the roil enconxstaes heculivtinof avaxiety of products; extensive vineyards pre- exuce ~ uPIF anauua wEp m-<voe torthoGMSM eos n;.ono other parts of Switzerland. and the surnmits of tthe adjoining Alps are covered with immense forests, which witi furnsh tmter for exportation. 310 fairs or atarkets are held in the valley in the course of the year, and 50,000 heat of cattle are annually exported theace into Piedmont alone. - The valley abounds in mines of iron. silver-lead, copper and silver. and contains an immense basin of anthracite coaL 60 kilometres (37 miles) in length, little if at aU inferior to the rich basins of the Loire ard of Belgium. Companies have been formed at lartigny and other places, for working these mineral products. Numerous minor valleys diverge from the great Valley of the Rhone. such as d'Etremont. de Loneche. de Bagnes. d'Ervis. d'Anniviers and Viepe, and offer attractions to tourists even more remarkable than the Valley of Chamotni. whlst aU the travellers to Chamouni pass along thevalley of the Rhone. Tne construction and working of the line being, at once placed under the management of directore conrected with the leading railways in France. the best security is afforded for economy alnd profit. The Government has taken so great an interest in the construction of thsaral,tay, thatithasconsentedtofurnish all the land and the wood .equired, taking pament for the same in the shares of the Com- This Company, having obtained a concession of the railway in perTetuity. no - amortisaement,' or sinking fund. will be required for the redemption o- the capital. The annual dividend is estimated at betwveen 9 and 10 per cent. During cons-ruction interest wilt be paid half-yearly, at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum on the a-mount paid on the shares. Alter payment of lOOf. (S4) per share. the certificates of shares to hearer will be delivered in exchange for the banker's receipts. A-pplications for the proportion of shares reserved for England must be made to the brokers of the Company, Messrs. Sheppard and Sons, 28, Threadneedle-street, London. in the accompanying form ; but each opplicant wMil be required to pay into the Company's bankers. Ntesirs. 3fasterman, Peters, and Co., 35, Nicholas-lane, london, £1 rr share onthe numberrof shares applied for.in part payment of the repsitof £4, in exchange for which a voucher wil bo given. If an atlotment he made the money lodged with the bankers will be applied towards the deposit at £4 per shaee yable on these allotted; and should no such allotment ho made the money will ho forthwith returned to the 4pllcant free ofcharge. Form of Application for Shares. To the Directors of the Italan Junction Railways. Gentlemeen.-Haiing paid into the hands of Messrs. assterman, Petesad. Coa, the sum of X- to your credit, I request yon will aLot ::e sh-rs t o250 fmrncg (£10 sterling) each in the abore Coinnacy. andI apeseto aept sruch shares or any less number that rnVnealtotted,to me. and topaythe depositand the cls thereon at the aP~o0iated times, and to *bide by the provisionscof the statutee of fhe Coman'. Name , ....................... e.......................... exeee ........................... N*6ATUR andl LIEGE RAILWAY COMPANY.- -LIPreference Shars-Notir~e is hereby given, that the HALF'YEARLY INTERESTV, at the r'ate of 6 per cent. per anumn, Oa the Pretferenoe Shares of this Compemy, due on the 10th of April instanit, will be IAYABLE at this otfice eon and after the 15th int..btween the hours of 10 and 2 o'clock. on presentation of the ooupoDu No. 2. By order WILLIAM MOATIS. Agent and Provisional Secretaxy. 19, KCing's Ars-yard, MooralMe-street. April 4, 105. [)OYAL DA-NISH RAILWAY. -Flensbuarg, JLt Husum. Tonusni1gailw*y Company.-Notice is hereby given, that the GUARANXTKED INThRlEEST upon the rihares of this Comn. panyat he ateof percen. anumforthesix mouths eoding the 2.5t Apil nstnt,wil beI'AABL onandafter that date. Resdet DretoratFlnsbrg fn.treedas,wheu drain will be issed ortheamuntdu. pysis t esss.(41yn. Mills. and Co's, FRtEDERIICK IL. GEAH,Sceay London, 3d Aped, 1050. § OUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY COMPANY.- The Directors of this Company are open to receive TENDERS of NANS on Debentures of three or live Yea=, at 41 per cent, per annum, to replace loans falling due, Applications to be madec to the Londo-bridge Termilnus. Apxil 8, 185. S M E,Sceay IGH HORSat the SEA SIDE.-BRIGHTON Eand BACKfor Is &L. in covered third-class carriages, everySunday and Monuday at 9 n.m from London-bridge Station, returning fmro Birighton at 7 i6p.m. in. Rd. flrt-class: 5a. Ed. second-class; Is. 6d. coveted thir clxAs. FREDERCK SLIGIIT, Secrtor. London.bridge Terminus. S OUTH--WESTERN ILAILWAY.-CHEAP SUN- k DAY EXGURSIONS.-Thsese trains will commence on Sunday. 6th April, and continue every Sunday till further niotice from Waterloo-bridge Station toPOItTSMOUTH and SALISBURY, at 7AO an, returning at 7 pan, ; and to Fsroborogh (for Aldershott-cainpl. Wn chester and Southampton at 8 a.m. ; returning from Southwupton at 7.30. Winchester at S,and larmbsrough at about 9.15 pem. Pares there and baclc:-Clo5ed carriagge,% 6s. WI.: sealed open carriages. IS. Wi. PaSengers hby these trains can take through return tickets to the Isle of WightviAi Southamipton for Coeases or vf0 Portsmouth for Hyde, returniitng by same routes. Fares :-Close carrisges, Es.; Fested openi carriages,. Is. Conveyance betwieen etations and steamboat-piers, is not provided. For farther parileulars, see published hanri-bills and time table s.A. ARCHD. SCOTTl, Tratlic Mffanager. Waterloo-bridge Station, March, 185. EASTER-N COUNTIES RAILWAY.--NewEmsrket Races (Craven Meeting) 14th to 18th of Aprij, 1816.- TRAINS RUN between L-ondon and NEVVWMARKET, as under, every week day:- From London. 6,10 a.m. let, 2d. and 3d elate. Due at Newmarket 11. 5 a.m, S. 0 n.mi. 1st and 2d class (quick) IL,. 11 5 a.m. 11. 0 n.m_ 1st and hi class ,, , . a P.M. 5. 0 pan. 1st and 2d clam (express) , ,. 7.48 p. m . F'romt Newmark-et, 8.15 n.m. Ist and 28 class fexp-s) Due at London 11. 0 am. 18.15 nanm. Ist, 28. and 3d =-p~ , , 1840 p.m. 12.10 p.m. Ist and 2d class,, , 3.40 p.m. 4,10 P.mi. 1st and 2d class . 7.45 p.m. On FrIday. April 18, a specia train of liri-elnass carriages will leave Newroa,rket for Lonidon one hour alter thelint race. Bishopegate. Mtarch 27. 1816. By order. L NDON anid NORTH-WESTPERN, MIDLAND Land MANCHESTERI, SHEFFIELD) and LINCOLNSHIRE RAILWVAYR-Itmpr,ed Conirsunication with the.Midland Dlistricts anid Opening of New Through Route between London (LItston Statioul4 and Biudder-field, Ifalifaze, Brighouse, do.viii Slieffield,-On and after the Ist of April- A new, fast Train. first and second class, to (Leamnington) Nottingham, Leeds, Yorkr. Bradford. and to Rudder-field, Halifax.' and 1Brighouse, vi& Sheffield, Wil leave Euston at 11.45 a.m. The Train Low leaving Lolison, for Derby and Nottingham, at 4 7~m, will be despatched at 3.45 p.m. Ti,e.15 p.m. fast Train, frem L-ondon will ho continued to Loiceter, Nottinghamn, Derby. andl Shefiekld A new feast Train. first and second clams, will leave York. Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax, Brig-houss, and. Huddersfield (Yui Shefied), and The 11.1usd p-Tain rom ork,at .15 .m..andLeceds, at The rain leaing ondo forthe idlad ditric, at9.45 a.m., andtheUp tidandTrans rriingin ondn a4 pm. nd10.20 P.M, orfull particulars see hand hilts, which maay be hadl at any of the sta tions..B y order, MAIIK iftlIS. General 31anaser's-offico, Euston Station, M1arch I.18, THE GEAT NORTHERN RAIL%WAY COINTPA1NY,-Albiots Public-house, Maden.laue.-The Directors are Prepared to receive TENVDEFRS for the occupancy, on a Yearly tenanicy. nonreae for . Period ot years, ust a Nearly rent, withL or withiout a prr-nln asmyh agreed on. of the eligible newly buillt FREE LIESDPUi4L[C-HIOUSE, known asthe Albion, in Maideni-lane, Battle-bridge. The house stands prominest" in te great leading thoroughfare to the New Cattle Mlarket.i clo to the goods.' station, the potsto market, and coal depot:of thie Great Northern Railway, san,. to the Regent's-canal. sand the limoerial Gas WVorks. all1 of which induce large vatlie. anud the employment of great numubers of work-men and labourers. At a- cost of about 3,0OW, including the estimated calne of the ground rent, it has beei, rebuilt on a large surface of g.rounid. and. planned to carry on a good and profitable butsmineswith conivenience and ficilty. andis well suppliedswith water. In thebasement there arecellars.forbeer, for arms, and fore-pirito. Onthe ground floor there sa, distinct entrance for the family and parlour customers, besides spacious douible entrance to the bar and tap: anid the ground floor contains a large lap-room, with Privy and urinal in open yardl. an extensive bar and a bar parloer. a enrlour for customers. kitc-hen. seuillexy, Pantry, dust-bin. coal-shea. pot-house, water-closet. urinial, and open Yard. On the one-pair floor there is a large niessroonl or club roomi, ivithsconvenieence for cooking, with adistinct stone staircase lending toit -.aiicI there are four fataiy bed rooms and a separat-e water.lOset. Painting. papering, and the "inor fittings have been deferred, that .these may be done to suit the taste of the in-cominig tenat t suh rasoabl extnt n my b ageeden.Possession can be had in about six weeks after the acceptance of the tender, or as may be arranged. Pa"rties6disPosed to tendercan vie the premnisCs ou aPPlication to SIr, Pitman, the Company's receiver, at thi station. Tenders will be received only on the printed fornm for the purpose, and( which ferra, writh particulhlrs may be obtained on application to this office, Tenders addressed to the Secretary, sealed up, and marked " Tendler for the Albion Public-house," meat be lodged at thxis office before 12 o'clock at nooni on Tuesday, the 0th May next, wvhen parties tendering miust he in attendanice, N.H. The Directors do not bindi themselves to accept the highest or any tone n d er. By order, Rt. M.10 ATT, Sec. SecrtarY's Office, ICing's-cross Sintion, London, 5th April, 1056 TRE GREATr NORTHERN RA11LWAY CUN- TPANY.-The Directors are open to receive TENDERIS for LOANS on MORTGAGE, to a limiited extent only, and for periods only of four or five Years, at 4~ Per rent. per annum interest. TLhe in. terest to be paid half-yearly, in January and Jully, by coupons, at Maesss. Smith, Payne, and Smith', bankers London. (liers of loans to be addressed to J J. R. MOWATT, secretary. Secretary's otlice. King's-cross Station, London, 7th Marsh, 1050. OXFORD, WORCESTER and WOLVERHAMIP- TOIN RAILNWA.Y-At the ADJOURNED GE'NERAL MEETINlof the OxfordlWorcester. and Wolverhamnpton Railway Company. held at the London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street, London, on Tuesday, April S, 1856; IAent.-tlol. RtTSHOIlT. ?'f.P., in the chair; The resolutions of the General S%Itteing of the 26th of p;broary, 1016, and the advertisement of the I0th of March, 1856 stating that the Meetng tis dy wold b hel onlproform liaving been read, It ws rsoled.Tha thi Metin henowfurther adjourned until Thusda, te 1t o Ma net, t 1o'cecl.-.atthis place, to consider a Repot fom he Cmmiteeof Ivesigaion(proposed tobe circulated by hor onthe25t int),andto ompetethe business of the Ordinsry Geneal itleeing. NOE TIIOS. SM1ITH. Sec. TAETRO POLITA-N FIELD BLEACHING, ILWASHING, and SCOURING COMPANKY (Limuited), for the purpo,seof Cleansing Linenuused in Domestie,economy. Provisionally registered under 7and8 Vie., c. 110. Liability of shareholders imited to the amnount of their shaires. Capital. £30,000, in 3,1100 shares of £10 each. Deps.it £1lO3. per share, to be paid onallotment. Temporary omceos, 212, Moorgate street. DIRECTORS. John Brightman, &ql., 422, Westbourne-park. Henry Fendall, Esq.' 4, St. Edminnd's-terrace, Re-gsnt's-park. and Brawl Castle, Caithness, Willi'am Gibbs. REsq., 21, Abingdon-street, Westminster, and Heddon- house. Isleworth, Edward Charles Hakeowill. Fs.vq, Craig's-court, Uharing-cross, and Thurloe-aquare. Birompton. Francis Augustus Whitaker. Resq., Mountains-hall. Tonbridge, Kent. Bankers--London anid Eastern BanklingCorporation, 27, Cannon-street, city, and 136. Westbeurne-terrace. Hyde-park. Solicitors-Memrs, Drewv and Gray. Hlibermia-cambers, Londoni-bridge, Southwvark. Secretary-T. Jones. REq Broker-Francis Thomlas Mtackretb, Eeq., 4, H'ercules-passage, Thread- needle-street. Architect-B3. Ferrey, Rzq., F.I.B.A.. I, Trinity-place, Charing-cross, and InverneFs-terrace, Hydes-park. Auditor-T. Everirv'ham Smith, Esq., (Edwards and Smith,) 19, Great barter-lane, Doctors'-commorns. 'Whilst baths and wash-h.uses for the requirements of the poor have beensucessullyestblihedin sverl prtsof London, no iinstitution for deqatel clansng ad aratig lnenbelonging to the superior andmidle lases f ocity as,an et,ben introduced in this grelt metrpoli. I ordr t mee thi deidertumit is proposed to establih te aovendetakng.onapla emnenlycalculated to ensure not nly he ptroage f th pulic,but lsoto alfordI to the share- Te importance attached to this subject will be seen by referring to the Report mastse by the General Board of Health to the Houses of Parliament, wliereby it appears, that the iraterest involved in this comparativelY humUble labour ia greater than the chief manufacturing interest ofthie country, vie., the cotton and linen manufactures (so far as toe home market is concerned), inasmuch as moare mioney is expended in wrashing clothes than in the manufacture of the fabric or of the clotlies themselves. (See pag 70.) It is also shown by this Report that thje average expenditureby1fanilles in tire metropolis for washing is Is. per head on one-hutlf of the ratedtrental of the houises, amounting in round numbers to £5,000,000 a year, and tIat in some of the first-clams private famailies in London the washing bUils amiount to £41 a year, and in one lar~gehotel establishmient £2,000 ayear. (See page 75.) The works will be erected at first on the most economical scale, anld sufficiently far from London to obtain pure air and an uncontamninatd soft water, combined wills extensive grounds for bleaching p=russ, and for the exteunson hereafter of the establishment if thought expedient. In addition to the income to be derived from private familiescshools, A-c., a nulmber of thle largest hotels, club-, andI mercantile houses lisave already undlertaken to emPloy this Company. A minute estimnate Of exPenses calculated on a libseral scale, and of income on a moderate scale, has been drawn up by SIr. Win. Gibbs. who has been employed for a number of years by the Government. and has tot educed works of a similar tIand into several pubYlc establishments,, whiich have answered the purpose intended in a meet satisfactory manr. This estimate, which can be soon atid exansisied at the Cmaysoffices, showa that by ai, annual outlay of £t3,018 an income of £19,11 wouldi be derived, leaving a profit annual income of; £16102. . Illis estimated that the Outlay f or ground, building, machinery, anid plant will not exceed £S21,000, including work-ing expenses for the first tbree monthsz. APplications for share must be made in the annexecl form, addressed to Francis Thomas Mackreth, Esq.. 4, Hercules-passage. Threadneedle-etreetl; or to T. Jones. Esq., the Secretary, at the offices of the Company, A payment of 5s.for every share applied for mussbe made to the London and Eastern Banking Corporation, 27. Cannonstreet, CiTy, or 116, Westbourne-terrace, Hyde park, which will he appropriaterito the payment of thejlrat instalment on whatever number of shares mnay be granted, ned the sur Ins (if any) will be returned to the applicant, free of expense, if lees o allotted, Form of Application for Shares. To thne Directors of the Metropolitan Field Bleaching, Washing, and licouring Csompany. Gentlemen,-Haring paid into the London and Eastem Banking Corporation £-to your credit, I request you will allot me - shares in the Metropolitan Field Bleaching, Washing, and Scouring Company, wrhich shares I hereby agree to accept, Or any less number that may be allotted to me, and to pay thn calls thereon at the appointed times, and to execurte the necem6ary deeds of the Compan,y when required. Dated thceday of ,8185 a I am, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, Name in full............... Residence or placeof business.. RAILWAY and GENERAL ADVERTISING OFFICE, 157, Strand.-hleors SMITH and Co., contractors for advertising in the carriages and at the stations on various lines of rail- .ay, neg to inform their nunmerous friends and connexiors that they hav RELIOVED from 4, King-street, Cheapside, and 29, Iromnongerlane, to 157, Strand, to which address all orders must be sent. Mlessrs. Smith and Co.'s contracts inelude tire carriages on the London and North-Western. Eastem Counties, North London. London and Blac-- av,al. Tilbury Fort. South Staffordshire Stour VaUey, and East Lancashire : and the stations of the North London, London and Blackwai, South Staffordshire, and Eastem Counties RaUways. Prcspectuses may be obtained on application to Messrs. Smith and Co., statiUg the terms upon which aetrertisements are displayed in the carriages or at the stations on the above-mentiUoned lnes, and every information may be had concernin these import;ntmediums of publicity. The advantage of railway acveitismngis too generalyknown to requireanylengthened comment. The vast number of personswhomust secan,announcement displayed in arailway carriage- the length of time during which that announcement remains before their eyes; 'the comparative certainty that an advertisement so placed will be read through by passengers tired of the monotony of a long railway journey, and haing nothing else to occupy their thoughts, render it far superior to any other medium for attracting genermi notice. At raiway stations. too the crowds of persons going bythe train themselves, waiting for friends1 arrival or accompanying others tomse them off, will generally be founld attentively Peru s-gevgoiu(tolayedeofvignrUb on atetvl meuig every brl lishlayed upon the station walls, as a means of passing time away tiU the train arrives. With other modes of advertising, the announcement is glanced at in a cursor7 manner, then thrown aside. Upon arailway, whether inside the carnages or at the station, it stands so long and prominently before the eyes of the public, that they are ma measure forced to read it. Mles. Smith and Co. have different scales of charges, according to the number of carriages or stations requred by the advertiser, and to the length and importance of the line of railway chosen. To give a specimen of these charges, the,y wouldstate that advertisements can be displayedin70 carriages, eitherPopn the London and North-Western or the Eastern Counties railYway, for one guinea per month; orfor a dvertising in every carriagoe (,about 0010) on the latter User, the monthly charge is £4.-187, Strand. Miarch 25. 1856. SWA.ING-AiACINERY for SALE :-A timber- -fmeu to atbalk2feet 6sqare;alao dear sawing frame, to 'cutwiep=28 Sme May be se, t 0ollegv,-whr.fs&vill7 BANK of DEPOSIT, No. 3 Pall-mall east-Londoma; - egtablished A-D. 181-steeluio investing mney axe res( uctedto examine the plan of the BAak of Deposit. A=petoe and forms for opening soonsseat fwstmAppliation. Drco fASH, nOT TIeSydEy aud ebqn AUTRAne I AN obaiedwThou D BhANK r oge, yBya htm Apprveddra I.on he Astrlia c nlecaaissd. and biLls sentfes_ S OTH USRALAN NIN~G COMPANY' GRA2I~E1~~ ya Chater,1847-TheCourt of Directros of CRDTadBILL upon the Coinpessi' Busnes wih al ~e .usralan oloiescuductod tbrnngh tbae Bank's agents, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anaer D POSIT BANK, Leicester-place, Leicester-squaaae Dekpo6itg in uMM Of not less than 1 ame receIved, whlchmnaybe added to from time to time, and bear interegt at £japrmycent. per annum, Depo~iters for two. three. or more lears arllwd £6 per cent. Per Bills are cashed asnd advances made to responsible persons, In sums ragn fo 1 to £1,000, repayable within three months, or by intme tsbitin a year. B. W. SEAL.E. Mansage. VicojObairman--JOHLN GRIPFFITI FRrPH EN. Cmrreut accounlts axe received and interest allowed on balancee £5 per cent, interest is at present allowed on deposits, with 10 days notioe of withdrawal, on sums of £10 and upwards. By order,MTATTHIEW MARSHALL. Jon., Manager. BENJA-MIN SCOTT, Secretary. Threedneedle-street. March 20, 1816. T-ONDONCHARATRED BANK of AUSTRALIA Jjllcororaed y ioya Chrte): ffies,17. Cannon-street. city.- Secod allof 5 pr Sireon he ew hars,making £10 per share PAIDto he bnkes ofthI Cororaion,Mesrs.Barnett. Hoares. andCo. 62 Lobar-steet onor efoe Tesdy,the 15th day of February 15.1818. (8. M. BELL, Secretary. NA I0AL PROVINCIAL BANK of ENG- N LA'ND, 112. Blshopsgat-trtet, London, Ith April. 1856.-The Directors of the National v?oincda lBank of Englanid hereby give notice that the ANNUAL GEINER&L MEETING of the Proprietors of this Society will ibo held ou Thursday. the 8thi May next. at the hour of 11 precisely, at the Couipany's house, 112, Blshopsg-ate-street, in the cit ofLonon.By ordler of the Court of Diroctora, DAN. ROBERTiSON, Agent and Manazer. N.B. The chair will be tak-en at 12 o'clock precisely, not 12 for 1. B NK of AUSTRALASIA (incorporated by Roval Charter. 1835), 4. Threadneedle--street. London, Starch 17, 185Z.- The Court of Directors hereby give notice, that a 18A11FYEARLY DIV11)ILND of 2s.r per sbare, being at the rate of eix per cenit. per annuum on the capital stock of the Corporatiou, and also a bonus, as additional intertst, of 56s. per share, together X4 a share, or at the rate of 20 per cent, per annum. free of iniconme-tax, wilt be PAID to the proprietors, at this office, on and after '[ucaslay, the 11th of April next, between the hours of 10 and 3 o'clock. The Tr-ansfer Books will boe Closed on Mfonday. the 31st of Mlarch, and continue ei, until the dividend and bonus become payable. By order of the Court. WILLIAM MLILLIKENT, Sec.- ~HE ORIENTAL BANK CORPORATION grant TDIAFTS and INEGOTIATE or COLLECT BILLS, payable in B3ombay. Calcutta, Ceylon, Hong-Kong. Mladras, Slauritius, Singapore, Melbourne, and tiydney. T'hey also issue, free of charge, circular notes and letters of credit, for the use of travellers on tlie continent and to India overland. They undertake the agency of parties connected with India, the purchase and sale of Inian securities, sand the effecting of remittance between the above dependencies. They further huy and negotiate in London paper of the Indian Government Loans. W. W. CARtGILL, Chief Manager, 'Walbroolc, London. March, 1851. Office hours from 10 amn. to 3 p.m.. andl on Saturday 10 to 2. tfMII LONDON and EASTERN BANKING COR- PORATION: established Iet Janesery,184 John Caruao Mor-is, Esq., F. R.S., Deputy Chairman. Current Accounts are opened in the usual manner, with approved parties, 2 ncr cent. intereet being allowed on the mianimum monthly balance. Call Accounts.-For sums deposited at 10 days' call, 5 per cent. inteDs is lowd this rate is regulated by the dizscoanit rate of thre Deposit Accounts.-The field for employment of money afforded by the br&uches of this Bank in lndia enables the Corporation to allow on dleposits for lengthened fixed periods very favourable rates of Interest. Deposits are received for t-he stated pertoxls of one, three, or five years certain, at 5 per cenit, per annum, paid half Yearly; for thtse deposits receipis are given, made transfearable if desired. JoHN EDWARD wTEIaENzs, Mfanager. T HENLONON and WESTMINSTER BANK issues TCHRCULAR, NOTES of £10 each, payable at every important place in I.urupe. These notes are issued without charge, and they are cashedabroad, free of commission. The Bank also issues, free of chance, letters of credit oni all the principal cities and towns ini Europe, The letters of credit are issued oxly at the head office, in Lothhury. The circalaruotesuray he obtained at the head-office. in lothhbuy, or Many of the branches vis.-: Wesitminster Branch, 3. St. JTames'e-wqnare. Bloomabury Branch, 214, 1High lolbem. Souithwark Branch. I, Wellingtoni-street. Borough. Eastern Branch, 87. High-street. Whitechapel. St. Mlarylebeue Branch. 4, htratford-place, Oxford-street, Temnple-tar Branch, 217, Strand. The rate of interest allowed on sdeposits of £500 and upwards at the Banjk or any of its branches is now 5 per cent. J. W. CSILBAItT. General Manager, rVHE LONDON, aud PARIiS JOINrT.iSTOOK JLBANK.-In pursuance of the provisions of the Art 7 Win. IV., arid 1 Vic., e. 13. sec. 32, intituled. "An Act for better enabling Hler Majesty to confer certain Powers and Immareltieson Trading and ether _o _nls"-Notico is hereby given, that an APPLICATIONT has benuaeto the Queen'sNiqst Excellent.Mjsy ini Council, in socorsianee with the Act 7 and 5 Vic., cap. 113, intituled " An'Act to Regulate Joint-Stoclk Banks in England,' by petition. signed by the requireid numbher of dkareholdeas in a Company or IUndertaking. to be celed the " Loenders anid Paris Joint-Stock- Bank," and praying for the k-rant of LETITERPS PATENT, incorpomating and giving other privileges to the Sham-holders in the said Conipany or Undertaking, and to wivch petition was annexed the Deed of Settlement of she said Compa~ny or Undertaking, exectetd by the requiisite prorortion in number ad value of the Sharelioldem therein ; and that such petition has been referred by Her Mfajesty in Council to the Commrittee of Privy Council for Trade and Plsatationis -Dateir this 7thi day of April, 1I=. ASHUItST, SON. and MORRIS, 6, Old Jewsy. Solicitors for the said Company. rflHE WESTERN BANK of LONDON.-In piir- JLsuance of the provisons of the ac 7 Win. IV., and 1 Vie. cap. 73, see. 32, intltuled " An Act jar better enabling Her Maje-sty to confer certain powers and immunities on Trading auGc other C-ompanies," notice is hereby given, that isa A.PPLICATION has been made to the Queen's M,%ost Excelleist Majesty in Council in accordancewiihthhe Act landS Vic., cap.213. intituled ' AnAct toRegulateJoinit-StockBainksin England," by petition signedlby the require-dnunnberof shareholders in a company or undertaldng establised for the purpose of carrying on the business of a joint-stock bank-in England, tohe called "The Western Bank of London." and praying for the grant of LETTERS PATENT incurporating'and giving other privileges to the shareholders in the sual Companyo udertaking and to whicai petition was annexed the deed ofsetlmetof( the said Company or undertaldng, executed by the resnisle roprton n nmbe ad vlueof heshareholders therein; and hatsuchpettionhaskeenrefrredby er aje-sty in Council to tir Cosuntl o th Prvy ounilforTrae ad liantations.-Dated ItYifEt, . URRY. ndRYMER. 5, Wisitehall, Soiiosfrtesaid Company. I9TSTERN BA-NK of LONDON, 21, HanoverVY ~~~~~~square. COURT of DIRECTORS. [The Eight Hon. Sir HLENRY LYTTON BUL WElt, G.C.B., Governo Sir F'rederic Suilth, K.H., 9, Byvde park-square Johu Arthur Roebuck. Esq., SIP., 19, Ashley-place Westminster Captain Loicester V. Vernon, M.P,, Ardiseton-honse, Wantoge,BB.rks M'ajor-General M, E. Bagnold, 14, Upper Hamilto n-terrace WiUiamn Bum, Esq., 6, Stratton-street, Piccadilly Edmund Burke. Esqa., 89, Upper Thames-street Williaim Charnian, Esq., 30, Weburn-place J. H. R. Chichester. Fee.. 49, Wimpole-street JhGrgr,F-sq., 7 rHarepl adenea ieA mc olt TeDeard oufiSestlem50 broad-street, exoltden-y uaehodrofme thauome-aslNothen,haes.,as rebind-tree yth esAtminsterlaetap Colctone Rowasend Roalefo Artillery,WofwInchroan Williamd willon Eeman.t, h Bra asoehnkuti Satuerdayithe,t ns. o Joh Ntteto. q, Lga .dHeneRalT CLfe . Assurance Socizety B. iltillans oi. NA Englshit andgScttishmaw qulifte Assurance Asse TheiDeed of SHEttemn havIIRing beenexecutdra by themuholderslfemor thnon-af the shnc ndIares, lasreuirtead byatheiAc ofd Pbrliaeepnt,ap riist.Aplication h s be ad o Cihare of p iclnc orporation. dtoth Theeeds wil orbemaioarte BonankutlSaudy the 15thdyofAr inst., for sGnhatme,oafer Aphich day itwllboradeoth6outy B AN of GYF'.-Te 1iretwd LeT irE of CEDITr posiionof CIEFCASHER,in Aexadra Ayny tho iuh kowlebdge of he renh ad talan angags, nd ankngand bookkeeping e requsit. Apliction, wth fll stiul ish o be adde-ssed oth Diecor,ING orbeoriMndig ay,dthe atlway ofApil RES.16 Bresham HoTe ArlS 0,1856. mmdetero,by sr.P RAEKITTNCES MoniNDIA and AUvySTARALI.- ThFOEIG unerined EGRAITHDSTOCKSandLETR ofer decrEDtiTno onmalcutta,l secdraty, BOmby,GlbuTe and SyL.dorcsy, orthountchArg valta, andcuever phrincipald town inEuopa. on on the suYjed Cofpe cuastio ordiaveArmyend afonlad ognry 124,aio Bershonalate-trebetter to LEWISJACKON and63 Co.,rahi oell, ime'-hl, l 1~~AN KING Missing and Railway veSHARES n WFBOUGHT an~dSOLD. aAadvanoes masde thereon, byalessrsd.pF. TAYLOR and Cos . W, otdC. stock and share dealers, 28.CoOldi B ANIN, inn,red aiwa SARS. FTORKEIGN and NGLIS SOCP,E NdN evrydes critonck ma Rketbl serity,leOgHTbdal and SOlD. fArember accouegnt.stred%Vances rlocurlaedl threon,handevr iforman tionk on thaezsubjet o spe- sod.-iamondsc, peBarls, oldmbgold Landilvr,yodad. ivrlaen I NVESTMENTS in PUBLIC SECURITIES.- Invesinoents in and sales srf B3ritish and foreign public securities effected. Special attention directed to those stocks, raiway, mine, and other shares which afford the greatest room for improvement in value, Evr other description of financial agency undertak-en. Apply to JA7E STRIPP and Co.. investnments and general financial a,gecny, Lombard-street-chambers, 33. Clement's-lane, Lombard-streat, P UMNPS, Eng-ines, C'rabs, Bloc'ks, Valves, &c. BFWLRand C. invit special attention to their Buperior town-made STOCK. Puimps and hydraulic machinery for every possible purpose made, fixed, and on hire, MVanuifacturers of hot-waler apparatus. Dealers in all kinds- of flexible hose pipes. Pumps for export.-Whitefriars-&treet. Fleet-street. CRYSTAL LETTERS, in gold, silv-er, ruiby, blue, C z., for affixing on plate and sheet glass windows, tablets, lampe, &C. These letters and numerate surpass any others yet offered to the Wublle, bei extremelyornamental and briliat in appearance. B e Ryal Letters Platent. Sole manufacturer, ROBERT WYATT, 490. Oxford-street. TPO BUGLE and BEAD WORKERS.-BALL and JLCo.. 7 and 8, Foster-lane, have Jnst imported several case of BEADS and BUGLES, in sorted sizes. SMALL VATS, Mash Tun, &e.-For SALE, about KJ300OAK VATS, contaiNing from six to 18 barrels-two 9 barrels, and two 180 barrels each; also a good IO-quarter Slash Too, with iron false bottom coasplete. For particulars apply at Mr. Davison's breweiE? enginLeering and valuinag offices, S. London-street, city. TPO DISTILLERS, Carriers, and others.-A TUR- JLPItNTNE COPPER STLL, with large Worm complete, holdin abeut SO0 or 110gallons, nearly new, with a 10-horse steam beler and V pcmlt a full-sire double-action Crane, and Two large Iron to ibe SOLD.a bargain : aloa new Spring Van with shafts and pl.Apply at Mrts. HaIlls, 16. Pladdingtoa-street, Mlarylebone. oEiNGI NEERS, Millowners &c.-NTorth WoolT owish Elastic steam Packing (Canvass anLd Indiarubber at [ha.,jL.pe lb,-b. W. SILVER and Co., fndiarbber works, l'6'otI Wcowich -OPPOsite H,L's Doegyards aving considermbly extended their manuiaeture inL order to meet the daIly increasing demand Iupon them for this effective and durable artitle. ace enabled to offer I tre erybes maeril t te rducd ~iceofIs. 4d. per lb for I hot ndop, elveedinLodo. esimellamuy aeon aig.w. I Slve ad C.'swaehese, 3and4.Biaopgai-stee,opoit e6temy pum cack, nd hevarou Idlaeber ~lancs,wil metWiths I 1T EX GENERA.L LIFE ASSURANCE.-Every ! _ - i decDionoflie aacuneeffected. 23, Pallmn ondon. W. BRtIDGES. Secretary. THIE GENERAL LIFE and FIRE ASSURANCE LCoIIPANY, 62 King William-9jrost. London: e.atblished 1S37. THOOXAS FRIC= Secretary. ENGLISH and CAMBRlAN LIFE ASSURANCE &J'SWETF9 Ne Bdg roet, tBj&liMrn For ,iA-, xzanniis Loaaa, and FLON. ofLe at Se.L ALFREDT JAY, nae,. TFHE ROYAL NAVAL, MILITARY EAST ,IN-DIA. and GC. RA LIEN ASSUPLANCE Y. instituted in the year 1"37. to fidlitate for He to the nave and arm Zs.sat L JAmsa.Sec Off;ce. 13, Waterloo-plc,Pa ll-mali. M ANOHESTER and LONDON LIFE ASSU- BtACE and LOAN AbSOOIATION7, 77. Klgatreet, Mancheter.-AuranoKs, anluxmties, endowments, and loaw effected on libene terma Agents W-td CH&RLP.s HENRY IhCIN, Serety. L ONDON MUTUAd>L LIE and GUARANTEE SOCIfiTrY, 43. 3fooiat-street.-ii.t the division of profits on the 2d of July, a BOXIUS ,ws DECLARED averaging 29i per cent. en premium. paid or a reduction of 27 per cenr,t from Ohs annual pr e Inlums nrtilnert bonus. GEORGED WILSON, Chai IAAN GRA.NTED. LONDON EXCHANGE ADVANCpy FUND, L2, AdeiPhi-teraue 8trasd, facing the river. T9tee--The itoL. kL T. Xowt i. Advae manade to £1,000 on bSts of sale, personal or otlher secuity. Bifs of exchange caa dive pir oent. interest on depoadta Payable in January and .Yuly Fo aSrorjrd on receipt of 12 poatagestamps. BEAcO{ IE nd IR COSURSANCCBOOM- , P£Y. 6Waterlo^miae.Londori. ChznnsWI. 3dnnn t RlOTEL DePf,pWh1amThe HOn. J. C. ERSKINB. Zvery descrption of hife and fire assurance ta,ansacted. ___ YD.NEYl CROCKE, Manager. 51HE ANNUAL GENERAL MEE3itTING of the Propretors of the ERA ASSURANOR SOCIITY will be huiden at the OfiSes^ of the Cenpany, 31, S oWlmle-seeet. Piccadilly, tendon, on Wednesday, the 30th dayJOf Aprilisset. at 12 ,,'cock at noon precisl E WARD IOSXELEY, Sec. AMIt:BLLFEe AiSU3tANOE OFFIC:.-A GENERAL COUTRT of the Corporutio. of the Amis:ble SocSety ror a rerivtu al Asmnce Office wiIl be held at the Society's House, in Serjeantc'-nn and Fleet-street. on Wedne-day. the 23d day of April ins, at 1 oclok precsely, for the Election of Directors and Auditors for t e year ensuing. The halot to comineuce at 1 o'lock and closesa I prectiely. HItNRY THOMAS TErOMSON. Registrar. NDlISPUTABAU LIFE POLICY COMPANY 72, Locabard-street: 24, Conraught-terrace, dgesowe-road; ana 33, Denbigh-street, Belgrave-road. Viscount TORR1INGTON. Chairman. The purpose of Hfe sasurance is absolute security. to be obteined by indisputable life poiciea. AlEX. IOBIERT3ON, Mfanager. rItlE PEOPL 's PROVIDENT ASSURANCE 0sCIETY.-Notice is hereby given, that the LNTEREST, after the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, to 31st of Deoember, 181S, on the paid-up share capital, wiU be PAYABLE. at the Ofidoe of the Society, l. WVaterloo-place, Palh mall, London. on and after the 15th of April, 1956. By order of the Board. April 7.1S56. WVILL)I. CLELAND..tanager. raRE ASYLUMI LIFE ASSURANCE OFFICE, 72. Ocruhill, London, estabUshed 124 Policies on healthy and diseased lives, at home and abroad, for civil, military, and naval employmeunts. The ofice being on purely preprieta-y principles, no patnership among policy-holders is involved. For pr-sportuse, proposal papers. J ., apply to A BY IIOP tiNS, Resident Director. SOVEREIGN LIFE OFFICE, 49, St. James's- street, London, founded 10SI TRUSTEES. The Earl TaRot B. Bond CabbelL Esq,, .P. Sir Clausde Scott, Bas I Henry Pownall, Req. This Compmny ofieri-The security of a large paid-up capital; * moderaterates of premium; exemption from all other charges, H. D. DAVENPORT, Smc. VOUR LIFE w^ill be ASSURED, free of cost, and I good ntetret will. heb allowred On your deposits, at the IFE: Discounts. lo2a1S, &c.. on reasonable terms. Chauan-The Rt. Hon. tho Er of DEVON. 6, Canaen-stcectwest. city. 0. H. IAW, Manager. SPECIAL NOTICE. VLERTCAL, MEDICAL, and GENERAL LIFE ls dASSURAUNCE,SOCIETY, 99 Great Ruseelsheet Aroloomsbury, London. 5Ot 17 Sixth Division of Profit&-AJI persons who sure on the partidspaling scale before June 30. 1856, will be entitled to a share of the dixth hector, whlchwili be declared in the January following. Proposals should he forw:srded to the offlce before the 1st June next. The Thirty-first Annual Itopart (just issued) can be obtained of the Sociys asents, or of GEORGE5 H. PINKARA D, Resident Semrtary. NORWIOH UNION LIFE INSURANCE AT aSOCIETY. President-I,ieut.-Gen Sir R. J. HARVEY, C.B. Secretary-Sir 5an1uel Bignold, M.P. This Society in 47 years has issued 29,344 ife polices. Paid in claims upwards of £4,431.04. and a3sgned£l.934,312 in bonuse The accumulations nowamount tonearly£2,200.000 Its premiuas are lower than those of most companies, and allthe profits are divided amongthe assured. oer Prospectuses apPly at Surrey-street, Norwic,z and 6, Ore-cnt, New Bridge-street. Blackfriars London. UTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE.-As the public s arefrequenty linder an impression that certain offioes having what maybe termed "classtitles," are exclusivelycondned intheir operaions to persons comingunder the denomination of such ciasses, the Directors of the PROVIDENT CLBECKS'ASSOCIATION beg to inform the public generally, that they receive proposals, including every description of hic assurances, annutuUes, and endow.ments, from all classes of society. Tfis Association vs established in 1840, andoffers important advan tages to asur. By order of the BoarfL 'WRi. TU0S. LINFORD, Secretary. 1D, Moorgate-street, April 2, 1836. zQUITABLE ASSURANCE SOCIETY, office Eltevv Bridge-ATt.et Blackfriar3: established in 1762. Inves;ect r.4pita on the 31ct of Deember, 185. X 3,665.00DDThree per Cent. Bankr Annuities ;£3.647.796 cash on mortgage. £100,000 Exchequer Bonds. Income of the Society upewards of £O0.000 per annum. By recent resolutions of the General Court of theabove Society the Directors are emporered to grant aasnrances for any sum or suiag not exceeding £10,00eou one and the same life, and the charge hitherto made for entrance money in discontinued in all cases where the party proposin g shall appear personally. . A Weekly Court of Directors in.held every Wednesday, from lI to 1 o'lock, to recvepropoals for new urances, andfrthe trnsac tion of 6eneral business. Prospectuses and statementa explanatory of the advantages and security afforded to assurers may be had os appliestioct at the office. wsheme attendance is given daily, from 10 totJ o'clock. ARTiUR h{ORLGAN, Actuary. DECLARATION of BONUS. rfHE CITY of GLASGOW LIFE ASSURANCE T and REVERSIONARY COMPANY: Established 112.-The SEVENTEENTH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the Comgsny was held at the Company's Offlce, in Glasgow, on Taesday, the WALTER BUCHANAN, Esq., of Shandon, Chairman of the Com- pany, in the chair. T1he Annual Report by tihe Directors on the state of the Company's affairs, as at 19th January last, when the financial year closed, was submitted, from which it appeared that a large-Lalaount of new business had been transatted during the year. and that the total sums now asured by the Company exceed £1,360,000, and that tle revenue from premiums alone exceeds £r0.0oo per annum. A bonua addition of £1 lOs. per cent. for the year ending I9th of January last, on sums assured with right to participate in the profits, was declared, al policies opened during the Year on the articipating scalebeing entitled teshare equaUywitholderpoicies. Includingthe bonusaddition as above, there have been It bonus investigations. under which an annual addition has been made to the Company's policies, takimg effect from the first year of entrance-whereby (for example) a policy for £3,000 opened in 1839 has niaw been increased by £360 of additions, and a policy opened in the currency of 1835 bas already been increased by the additionof £55, it being a peculiar feature in this Company's plan that new entrants are, from the outset, entitled toanequa share of the realizedprolit of each year subsequentto their entry along with the oldest policyholder on the Company's books. The Reportwas unanimously adopted, and the foUowing gentlemen were elected Directors of the London Boord for the current year:- Sir John Rivett Carnac. Bart., M E.. T. Graham Balfour. 3LD. Major John Ricihard Groves Henry Jeffreys Buabby, Rsq. John Iltid Nicholl. Esq. John Eiaaamill, Rsq. Charles Tennant. Esq. Copies of the Report, with proSpectuses, forms of proposal, and every information may be obtained on application at the Company's office, or at any of the agencies throughout the kingdom. FREDE. P. ELDERTON, Secretary. Office, 12, King WiBliann-street, city of L-ondon. N.B. All assurances on the participating scale effected at the present time will be entitied to share in the next division of profits on 20th January. 1857. C LERGY MUTUAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY. C Offlce, S, Broad Sanctuary Westminster, (near the west entrauce to Westminster Abbey.) Etab5ished in 1829. PATRONS. Mis GraCe the Archbishop of CANTERBURY. Hlis Grace the ArchbIshop of YORE. resident-The Bight Hon. and R0eht Rev. the Lord Bishop of TRUSTEES. The Bishop of London I The Bishop of Wimhester. The Bishop of Durham I VICE-PRESIDENTS. The Bishops of both Provincea The Archdeacon of Canterbury. The Dean of Canterbury o COUNCI of EERENC. The Archbishops of Canterbury and York. The Bishops of London. Durham. and Winchester. DIRECTORS. Chairman-The Archdeacon of LONDON. ___ Deputy-Chairnan-F. L WOLLASTONh, seq., LiLA. Rev. J. S.1b. Anderson5 LA. Cbristopher Hodgson, As, FLA Sir E. Antrobus, Bart.. hLA. ev. Jon Jennings, MA. Rev. G. B. Bloafield, ILA. Rev. John,etts, A The Dean of Bristol. The Dean of Idncoln. Rev. Rt WY. Brownne, LA. Rev. Henry Mackenrie. LA. Rev. A. I. Campbell, MLA. The, Archdeacon of Mlaidstone. The Dean of Chichester. The Dean of l'fanchester. Richard Clarke, Esq. Rev. Eran Nepean.1 S.A. Rev. W.. Er Dickinson, .A. SW. ER Page, Esq., ,.D. N. B. Edmon;tone, REq. Rev. William Stone, LKA. The Archdeacon of s Charles Sumner, Rq., M-A. Robert Few, Rsq. Rev. Wiliam Webster, ALA. Rev. Temple 1'rere, .ILA Rev. S. C. Wilks, ALA. E'ev. J. D. Glenns, .XA. The Archdeacon of Winchester. Solicitors-Messrs. Lee and Bolton, 2, Broad Sanctuary, Westminster. Bankers-Mesrs. Coutbs andCo. * Consulting Actuary-Charles AnselL Esq., F.R.S. Pbysician-Dr.Babingtou, 31. George-street, Hanover-Equare. Secretary-Rev. John Hodgson, M.A. Assistant Secretary-William Webb, Esq. suatsmay be effected on lives survivorships&zc.,to anyamount not exceeding £6,000, by clergymen, by the wsives, widowsE, andOilden ot clcrgymen, b, the near reistious of clergymen. and 3EOof tbe vves of lergymen. Thle principle of the Society in that of pure mutual assurance. Thereare no proprietors, an^d the prootb are the sole propecty of the assured, and are divisible among them every filth year. A divsion of profits wrill be du3 on the 1st of Jnne. 183. T1he amlount DiOW amsred upon lif inte 80iey is rlpwrds of £5400,000- the annual income of the Sciety is upwards of £96,00D. end the tfocapital of theSciety, invested inthe names of the Bishops of London, Durham, and Winchester, is up wards of £i;50,000 Prospetuses to he had at the offiice of tho Society, and appcations mlade to the Assistant Secretary as above. GUARDIAN FIRE ind LIFE ASSURANCE A O3EPA.NY, 11, Lombard-street, London. DIRECTORS. FRANCIS HART DY]E, Req., Chairnmna HENRY HU E BERENS, REso. Deputy-Chaira John Dixon. REq. Stewart blarioribmaks Esq. SirW. 5. T. Fmquha, Bart, John Martin, Esq., HEP. Sir Walter I. Farquhar, Bart. Rowland Mitchell, REq. Thomson Hankey, Esq., 2L?. James Morris, Rsq. John Harvey, q. Henry Norman, Esq. John G. Hubbard, Esq. Henry B. Reynolds, q. George Johnstone, Eq. John Thornton, Esq. John Labouchere, Esq. James Tulch, Feq. John Loch, Req. Henry Vigne, lEq. A. W. Robarts, eq. A Henry Sykes Thornton, Ib q. Lewis Loyd, jnn., Esq. John Henry Smith. Esq. Geo. Keys, Rsq., Secretary; S amuel Broon, sq., Actuary. Life Department.-Under the provisions of an Act of Parliament this Company now offers to future insurers four-flfths of the profits. with quinquennial division, or a low rate of premium without participatton of profits. The next diviion of profitn wiU be declared in June, 1860, vhen all participatng polcies whch shan have subsisted at least one year at Christma, 1$, wIll be allowed to share in the profits. At the five divisios of profits mnade by this Company the total reversionary bonuses added to the policies have exceeded ,013.000. At Christmas, 185 the assurances in force amounted to upwards of £4,240,000. the income from the Life Branch in 154 was more than £500,00, and the Life Assurance FuSi (idependent of the guarantee eapltal) exceedod ;E1,700000. ;0reign Bisks.-The extra premiums required for the East and West Indies, the British Colonies, and the northern parts of the United States of America have been materialy reduced. Invalid ILves.-Peosena whoare st in rsch sound health awould enable thein to Insure their lives at the t%lar premiums, MAY have their lives inured at extra rem'ums. Loans gnted on life poUclgsto th6 extent of their alues, rovided such policis shaUl have bem eftcted a suient time to have attained in each cse A value rktuntder. . " Asaipimo nts of PoL;da-WitttnoUlcesol, geeivedandregistered [ Medical fees paid by- the (3seCz¢;-ar tne> orefr, m p Fire DePan Oet.-Iiictep ifet soeveyd.cipioa of pro rtyat modelratie TfHE INTERNATVIONAL LIFE ASSURLANCE JL - SOCIETY. 142, Lraad. Capitallbalf amillon. P'remium income above £eOO,00Oper anum. Averae amount of new businessaboput l,O00policiesperannum assesing;£560,00. W. S. 3B. WOOLIIOUSE. Actuary. C ONSOLIDATED LIFE ASSURANCE WOM- Ever desripton o lif aMuancabusiesstransacted. Policies effeted n th pa acig aele o preiumbefore the 30th of lSeptemer ex wil b eitileio artciateinthe second divison of profts,whih wll akeplae aterthecloingof the presnt year's so3loune, oansgratedos ral ennxcepiooblepereal sacurity in D. MVACGIIJATVhAY Actuary and Secretary. URETlES NOT REQUIRED.-LOANS on per- *so asecurity from£10 upwadsaremade to Government offmicial clrk.4 nd others, by theLO W.110 DEPOSIT EANK and LOAN k00t±ANY, 358, Straind.. For the public convenience the offioes ame kept open on Tuesday sand Satur-day evenings, till 8 o'clock, Prtospeet aso fndorms on applicaton to r'OBERT STEMR, Manage. A I.-NEAL ANUIY NDOW:MEXT A&50- Capital invested with Govecanment, * c.. 277.004 15 2 Amount paid to Annuitants last year 17,832 lu 0 Ancount paid to Annmuitantg Isincoe 1 8 34. . . 174,25510 0 The veM moderate rates of premium, with other liberal mutual advantages olf thi's Associaition, forcibly invite all who desire to leave a PrOvisiOn to their widows, chidren, relatives, or friends, and are particulally adapted to Persons whowe inoines terminate wYithi their bYes. Ertablished 1829. PHILIP CURTIS, Sec THE GNERAL REVERSIONARY and IN- VE&ITENT COMPANY, 5 Whitehall, London Captea XZ50800~ Rvrin,absolute or contingent, purchased, Loans grmnted Irmuedate anuiti f mate in onderation of reversionLry. charges. Persons entitledt defened interests 3may thus secure an income tntil their rproerty fallsint, posse,!i,n, without being calld upon for anY paymet until thatevent. WI.BARLWICK HODGE. Actuarts and Secretar. J3ONUS.-A bonus bha ~stendeaedb h JL L ROERTY and LIP ASRNESCEY ay n Any bstancs tof eR upwad of f perent onrthe poremIuMs_ pi. PTohe tumbesr ofporcieso prpoeain,the..ear behdonp I'mto Assrinateehurchetof Lonon fr utalA 4urnc on ie Annuilpres. Ac. renX1,+5 Abieisutdratofmthe Rmmeepot nftheDirhetosfor18- tion in. December, 185 .. 18,587 Annulincme rororeinums(after deducigX33,348 Dito fom nteestoninvested caPital £49,807 18 3~-£2396763 13 5 Amot rtnetomembers in abatement of prem- 1 Amutof b;onuses addid to 'jL%=ji :: . .12,58 o11 0 Amount Paid in claims by death from the commence- ment of the Institution ....£25,851 19 11 Balance of receipts over the dibur;eement in the year £118,83 7 8 Increasing the capita stock of the Institutiou to ..£12,0974 At the last dh'ision of surplus profits miade up to Xbvem1er040 1852, the reductions varied from 0 to 89 per cent, on the original amiount of preiurt,accrdng o he ge f he emer ndthe time the policy hadbee infore; nd hebonsesraned nlkemianner from,10 to 75 er ent ontheamont f pemims eceveddurngtbe preceding Memerswhse reium fll oeon heletofApril are reminded The iretor~ reortfor185 maybe btanedon application. Mar. 90, 1858. JOSEPH MSARSH,L Secretary. CRYSTAL PALACE COMTNKY.-Th, -Share- holdersaore informed that theyv canunow obtain the Deed of Settlement, ItoYal Charters, and idst of Shareolders tojanuary, 1858. in one vohime emnail octavo, of 1SO paes, price 2.s.-Henry G. Bohn, York.-street, Covent-garden. r[IH GAVANZEDIRON OPN' )S JL SOLUTION ACT, 1M4.-N6tice is hereby given, that the SIXTEENT31 GEN`ERAL MTEETING of the Shareholders of this Com,pany under the above act, and the usual Half-Yearly General Meeting acording tothe Company's Deed of SettlementwnIibe hldlat the London Tavern, BishopLsgate-stre-t,onWednesdaay,the23dIinst.,atlo?,leipzecisey. By order, S. VIXCENT Sen 3. Mansion-house-placo, London, AprilS. 1856. NATIONAL DEODORIZING anid MALNURE COMPANY (Limnited).-The public are respectfully informed. that the OFFICrS ace REMOVED) from St. Sw,ithins-lane to the workis at Rhodeswell-wharf, Carr.street. Stepney. where all orders and communications itis requestedimay beaddressedto the Manager; no other person being authorized to receive them. Orders punctually exectutd for the Riva Guanio." and also for a TerYY flue cinalityof sup erphos ae of lie. Prices for both manures, £8 lOs. per ton. delivered feeto any railway in London, bags included, with 5 rer cent.. dicount for cash. Agents Wanted, for Socotland and the Worth of England. NATIOAL FREHOLDLANDSOCIETY, 14, ldcrgtestrst-Frthr ORION o te WOODFORtD and L NON DISTRICT FREBEHOLD LAIND and LHNOUDSE SOCITY.-Offioes. 53, Ying William-etreet, city.-At a l?IJBLIC BALLIOT, held on Tunesday, thie 8th inst., at the Shaf tea. bury-hall, 36, Aldersgate.street, ctty, the following sharesweredraWn:- Grouped.-394 to 397 and 2,373. 486 and 197, 1,577 to 1.573 , 2o.05 to 2,019, 2,778 and 2,779, 2,983 and 2,988,4,913 to 4,915, 5,531 and 5,532, 5.SSSand5.887,G6.674and5,77. 6,91Sand 6.919. 7,703 nod17,709. 7.95to 7,583. ,010 ,to .674.,9153 to 9,188,9,990and 9,991. 10,0913to10.097. ,Single-224, 408, 971L 1.303. 1.791, 2,103, 1,846,2.191.,2,415,.2,730, 2.753.2,958, 3,080, 3,285. 3,448. 3.541, 31,29, 3,758, 3.S78, 3,97e, 4.035. 4,145, 4,33, 4,44T, 4A89, 4,834 5.011. 5,356. 5,655, 5,602, US08, 6,217. 6,-274, 6.440, 0.611. 7,211, 7300. 7.713. 7.774, 8,305 8,345, 8,497, 8,58, 8,882, 8,732. 781, 9 308 9 73 9859 10.073. Shares, £30. Sn~biLhon,Kis. pr month. Shares issued, 10,409. P1. W. ROBERTS. sec Plying Private families and stablishment-s with foreign wines sod spirits, in large or -mal quantities at realy wholesale prices, that in. from 25 to50 Per cent. under those of wine merchants. Examrples-_ Thefinest Champagne, at £0 I8s., the three-dozen case, instead or £10iSa; Cares, eatChaeaulirneCantenac or Rausan, Ma ncrpourate£8 by instea of £12 lila.;n She2rie, atr Engl,S.and44s.. inpnteof Os, and .an Suxt.e Ports,e b same rtondmeth finet, nale Tor brnowneCona, the plergy gallion. sppl Etot Aets,W Stapletons, Rq Scretaryand, leanagefr, li1, King-street, orfragenreem ofmore psthanse5 eand detailedsriee hats Thveso principable, club in Londo suppied.2 All6 wines cosentot on thpprovle, or..sampes forabled, byrs waf desred Terms, cahe o0rreferebyteir on. funds ato,Bexnecute ade liagiens,atie landincorpovae bywatofreParlwiamente185255, eafo repngland Smoptiald and futres,thercsto emo laer ed by imnment Acet, 185p-cia--- To raLandwe.irs,athenwClergy,.olcior, atat rmtens,eSurveorske, d T-enans for life,arutes. owneIs iny laee, orincmbeoTntbso livings, bodie wacorurses, releameesior, liaes reneable, oreaforga retermnof famor-han 25 yers(nd ot ersbilens reurdfor lie orn bes. andorthe mprssTeMent years, wdithionsento ofatermbu lessor,t)aet enabled,n byr waym pmofoa fromete ctmplany,or byt heioerafnds tor periedcuand charge n jethe lr and imcproved, x byeway A ofetcage or au therm= of 25yars,h riepain 6r pikes and iteret tihead cost oflaevery landead,iprveent,nesp'ndemchia ir of drainage, irrgato,wring.ose o fambatedgngrom the sea,tfro lhekes, rives, oristeas, w enlousingan landge, sr impoig ris,sram,o wna,tercurs reaaio.frmras cLearng Terecisnof famhuses andaoternbulding requiraed foarm pureposed, and the applranaoweme fagndo andtire sumto edfarm-houes androther th buldngs losrefr puroses alrad erece;plneting for shlterandyforthperidialcuttiongs,metties mrlndin pltauy esntefiil seah casta ommo outth al0 roadsthlerivers or lakes in~~~~~~the Hihadsadiladmfpctad egnsand mci- fs tank, pies,watecouresbrides, luies,ac.s ofthe plans ofd buld agens, nd re sbmitedto he aproal f th Enlosre tointis mea shmutually benef Iiciltuh aswe aoimash cmmniotfallrod though00 suThe Dairector ihe itfre to bhe urgnderstothatrtholer prompant sf sTrictlycmercial cHacenr, Barndetht the deal of the plnes andq o Forx furter ionfomaion an forforsof, Tpplicatio aplyq. th HoneWl:liatheHm Rapiers, 8angP. D aireno,, Chald PaaE-yrdq. st Caxtn, i tohrnsptR.. Ptteor.iim,Fq Dyer Sa uNl,Esq ESEL R EChrdoV erg,ERY O GoddardY (Limited. oregistere provisinal, Jophn, £60000 i (,0 hrso 1.With power to increasertecaia t£0000 Trustesto-George s.Henry Barndt RCq.JonW e,Fq B Lieey terHon.lPHF,esg AL. Heywog. Charles Coq. lxundChistophaer, Capt.a Crr. q.Patterson Willheam, Esq. Dyer, amuel,Faq. t chardsn GeosedoFa Ford.- Suberite Fn,e .mta Stehephrd, oUSii,, , teatq. t Godard LeoPnar Mose,in fored undrothan Jotn, IEb,tyq ct. t wok Wi hep thn powe Catadn toetheir Rnuol mber.)frrorn sa-otigonelydon ubles thants Hum are stande Co.itocagsoh Bntd UrisolM esansfrs othersuban Co.pross Soliito an Seretry po tin.Waler pward, OFsam,3, houtal-, Grerarnhous, Od oudsreet, Clndon. M Arine SIVE Sprnedt-aptai StLVEphe LBaDol Smith tEpatjeisee Oere fcesen prot anETe.A. opDtalcort. London.HE IN ofthShrhlesothis Companyittynfomd ne thl e Liield Lab hirfityc, to. shradneedlofe-sree,London, ethtnu estmday, o the c1dyof asnexfthe Unted Oi'c dok einel, fLr. other f ii submarne puposes prouryigurherunJafor the purpoes of the Company, and,if deemed expdiet, f gantng,or agreeing to grant, a licence to certain pr son to~vrk potin o te Company's mines, Tmecharter provi4e. tha shrehldes dsirusto attend and voet must be registered in the hooks of the Copn nLno,at least one calendar month previously to the Meeig n htsaeodr hsqualified may vote by proxies depoie tteofc fteCmaytwo clear days at least before teMeig G. D. O'GOWAI7. Chairman. 71¶EMINRS' ELECTRO-CHYMJICAL REDUC- THTIEON COM1PA-NY for the Reduction and Separation of Metals from their Ores. By7 Her V.adcaty'a Royal Letter Patent. On the costbook sysem, Capital £.0,000, in 19,000 shares of £3 each. Deposit £1 per share. On Tr oMA GE] . JOSEPH CARRINGTONRI DGWAY,Esq..Rirhmo,d-hiflChairman,. SolimFli-citR-Th,oanal-lane,DzckieMoorgaestet Bankers-The BS.nKi of London, Threadneedle-street. Manager-John HamiltonClement, Fq..Gloeest-er-terraoe.Kenustnton. Temporary offlces, 4, Union-court, Old Broad-street. London. This Company proposes to work Wagstaffe and Perkins' Patent for extracting and separating the various metals from ores by chymnical agency. The Companys proces gives the metals separately at a small cost. while the sulphur, arsenic, and other valuable properties are preasra-ed for canimercia purposes. 'With a small. outlay of capital, for the erection of model works, rsay £5,000. for ilustration and reducinig English and foreign ores at a royalty perton. a lareincensewillbe produced. For example,offers, alter testint ths process, have been=made frmm frig mines,to consign1,00 tns f c~pe or anual~ m topayb£5 per ton for reduc- Apeorther ropetest the c onta sarayignee rbdo, and abot ,90 tons of extr for shares must be accompanie with the hankerse receipt for the de~Voitf10jer! aeanta addreased tothe solicitr or Manage, irepm ba4asd SALE of OLD1 S1'JTEe,S at PlYmo-ath. ' A U It~~AD 'lIY. Somerset'place, 4th April.-7356., rpmE C-ormissioners9 for executting the Oflice of Lord'~ JmifUgh Admiralof the Uni&ed 3Risgdom of Great Britain aaid' Irln ohemy gierso tioe that om Tuesday, the =a0 irazt.., at 1i o'clock in the fOrCnDODo - the CAlSeiR SUPerintendent WMl PUt Up.to, "ale, in the Royal William VxiclaBinm,rd, at Plymouth, severeJi0tS of OLD SIYIIi23I causlaeDSO TiSaots, cook's fat, biscuit.,baMs -stayes. Seazme's clothing, 0ooler's too m l sym sii4mru transport otores, Lie.. at lyianglo tse asatard. ntns Peron wdun to kw heioa asut apply to the Suprntendu,~ fOr notea of edzrlien for thalparpose, Cataloguee and conditions of 644 rnya b ad here a!tdatthe -Yard.~ an&d-IIfIIMARIBD3 DEPARTMINT of the -COMI'TIROLLER for VICTUALZ3NG, rr,ILR ~~Sam eset.-PIaoc, .&ril 5, 385. _13R omnaissioners for~execuitinig the Office of kr~o JL HihAdmiral or the United Einw'dom of Great Britain and Ireland do haereeby give notice, thata on Tuesday, the ith irinstant, a. I - o'clock the$, will herd,os.tih eaosamybeilg to 024RAT orSUP LYING, for 12 monthis certan, and fmtarthr until the expiration of thiree anootha wanas theesety oa Marine Barraclrsanad Tfr-ies at Wotbic smouonh, and lly. mout, m Barack at'oroo, ithLkf I?6L, Cotton, and Tow. -Tirecoodlionbf te r edeotracmaybe seen at the said olcelo.- utachnayh obtonid r, iplicaioo a themaidoffice. atSorstlae and the Hig tea ossoPrboe D EPATAITM T of theBTR ALEtGEEt,of theNAVY. *Samrc-pae 28th March, I886 !pHE commsinesfrexecuting the Officeof Lordl ..L ighAdmralOf the 'United kingdom of Great Britain andI Ireland do hereby gie notice,thatonT,uer-lay,the 15th ofAprUi ext, at d o'clock. th -U be ready to treat with suach persons as may ho w;iln to tgWCT for C0N`7LYING about 1,2W1 loads of OYAK TIMBER. from Dean Fforest and the Hfigis Metadows, ita the couuty ot G1noester, to Her Iaesty'a Dlockyard, at Pembroke. :Aformof the tendermaybr -scenatthessld olfice. Noteuderieil be received al ter 2 o'clock an the day of treaty, nor wil any be moticed unlese the party attends, or an agent for him duly authorized in. writing. iErery tender mnsat be addrcaewd to the Secretary of the Admiralty, And hear in the left-hand corner the words " Tander for Quria;e or Timber," and xazst also he delivered at Somerst-place accompanied by aletter signed by two responsible pereos ynaged to becoame bound. w.th the person tendering, in the sunme £4f V1eriload, for the due per- formance of the contract. * CONiTRACT for FTLTEAED WATER. OFFICE of die DIRECTOItS of 'TR_ANSPORT SERVICE and ~P-L'ISO.N-ZRSaIWAP,-Admiralty.Soheraeehd 1811291&. H f C-rmsinrfrxctg e c of Lord TL Hgh Admtral or the United Kingdlom of Great Britain and. .I7eland do hereby gire notice tiat on Tuesday. the 15th April ne-xt, at. 1, oclock, they will he read troteatwith such persas as may ho willing to CONTRACTIfo SPPLYDNG, ad delivering sna bcardi. hired transports in the river Thatne_~ froma Lonadnon-bridIgeto Wooiwdct. 'iiiclusive, andl includingtbe docks between those places, all such quantities of I?ILTERED WATER. as many from tlimeto time bre demandd.. for 1.2 calendar mo athshertaiu, and af krwards until the expiration o f three months warnung. IA formn of the tender- and the conditions of the revised contract may be seen atthe said oflice. Ilto tender wil be received after 1 o'clock on the day of treaty. nor any noticed rusiest made on the printed form provided fur the Purpose, end which may he obtained on application at the said otfice, 'Every tender must be addressed tDothe Secretatry of the Admiralty ndhaindelfhand Is tewod" Tender for YU1tre;f E 1S IfIA-HOIJSI, April1 918MN. TBXCourt of 1)irect'ors o the East India Company T-doHErbgientc.tashFnne and Home Comamittee ivil! he ead, o orbefre ednsda, te 2d istant. to receive PROPObAS i wrtin, sale up frnt udiperonaas may be w:QPjg to,' SUPPY de Cooar wit BIITlH ION,and trant tgf conditins if he aidednrecimaybe alton pplration at the Secretary'e, offce,whee te ropsal ar-t beeftanyim beore It o7dclsk in.- thdfrconnog hesad 2thda of ril,185, after-ivbIclshour no . tender will be received. Secrtary rp'u ISUILDIMS.-The Union 2Bank of Londolx. ho breby give notice, that scaled TENIDERSVXI he received feeBUILDING a 'BRANCH BANK in Flet-street, the drawings and specification ofwhich mayb)eseen ath r.Aitehisan's offices, 3.Inaswvy-- court, Trinity-square, city, on andI afi;i the 9th of Aprilunext. Tho, teniders to he in one sum for the whole of the works. ec,adt. beiler wo obainsthe ontrct i to ay te difereceat cost to ties. Thefener toheaddesed o he ecetay,Union Bankc of Loutdon,Pricessinec,andsen inn o beorethe30th of April instana, and ndoredo theoutide Tendr fr BrnchBank, Fleet-street.` TheDiectordo no bindthcmslvea oa tteitelowestior any of ORhe teniectdeBils.s cont,aining 230inmates, with every,ecessary office required by the Poor Law Board The ground oi which the budlding is tobheerected measrraot460 feet by 2M1. A. plan of the ground, if re uired, a lie btane by application to the Cierk, onk sayineu4 of s, le daer of the Plan aPproved by the Guardiaus, if sanctioned by, the Poor Law Board, wilt receeive a premium of .4150, Provided he shouala not oiterwards become ttie contractor for the- Work. Plans mutst be sent free Of carriage to thae office of the Clerk on or before the Set .lay. By order of the Board. Blanfiford, 5th Aliril, 1316 10 TBACTS.-Meat, Soap, and Candles.- eroswho may be inclined to enter into separate CONTRACTS.: to SUPPLY Brid.errcl Hos.Pital, House eit Occupations, and Bethlecus Hospital wiith MLEAT.-Soap, and Candles, for six months roin the ilthl.. of April, I816, are requested to deliver in their proposals, in writing.. se"le and endorsed Temder for -,I at the Clerk's office. Bridewvell Hospital. N-ew Bridge-street, Blackfriisrs, en or before Saturdaiy, tho1dth of April inst., and to attcbdthe Committee of Governors, at the said Hospite,l,on Monday.,thel14th of ApriLtl, t Io'clock. Psrticulais maybhe-nown.and the forms of tenderiuad.by.pqplying at the Clerk's offioe, Bridevell Hospitalany dayltetween thebhotnsofl10and3 P.o'clc. Tlee Comumiat,e do not bindthemselves to ac-rept the lowest tender. tApril 4: lf Ii. B. 'WELTON, Clerk. OR0TGAGE of ROC EST.ER-BRIDGE.- M SAES.-Loan Requrired.-The WVandens and Assistants of Rochester-bridge s-il he ready, ern Thursday, thu 15th day of May, 1856, at their AuditA 'bamsher, at Rochea-ter, in Keot.-to o_pen and cenmaier TItNDEPS or PRO'OSALiifrons persons wilting to ADVANCE. £10.lltlO or any partthereof, in sums of not less than;M111 each, to he secure-d, with jZiterest (payable hlslf-yearly), by trsnsferable mortgage of the estates proper of the Bridge Corporation, ur.der the regulations.- said Prorisions of tbe Rocbeeter-bridlgo Acts, 1816 andI 1813, affecting siich loams and the repayment thereof. All sums so advanced are teahe aidwitin ne eeknex afer he ccetane f theplrotosaliball. hav ben nti.e toth patyanacig te ame Frtlserpaxticoluu and etracs fro tir Artemay e ob aieon -pplication to ite. Propsal, i seledenveope, mrke Tdnerfor Mortgage," stalng te amuntoffeed t beavaned. nfit v rte of interest. requred ma hesenttom atanytimepreiou to11. o'clock in the *The Precinct. Rochester, AprIl 4,18e5eClrk C'ONTRACT for DAY and JOBBINGWOK. JThe'Vestry of the paris ofti John, Hamptadhebyge noticm that they are ready to rci' TE.N BLttSfru pr tswh a be willng to CONTRACT rlnt ilMidsumassr, 1817 c h RC) TION of DAY and JOB9ING WORKS in 'the mdprs,a,o under, or abore a schedule of prices, which oehe ihthbomo tender and contract may be seen or cepiethrfhepcas,,t the office of the Suzveyor of- the Vcstry, on Mionday et h 4ho April, and on every subsequent day, betwreen the hours of 10adI p to the dlay and hour tixed for sending in fenders. The Vesr ont bin,dthemselves to aCcePt the lowest tOLder. Security wl erenrd and the-conitractor, or hiss authorized agent,ms eieatHmaed durngtherotinane o te cntact Tndes,in hefomuast agrcshlto de istrutios anexe to he chedle f prcns met By HOrderAo thetryeletr Vestry sod Suvyrsofc.Workhoue Ie-o,Hanasptead, Api .1856, DARISH of ST. PANCRAS in the county Gf MidP dleersi-Deartment of Works,-~lentractfor Removing Dust.- To Buatmen, Scavengers, list-The Highways, Sewer,% and l?nbli W7orlis Committee of the Ves-try of the parish of St, _Yancras, in tho county of Middlesex, will meet at the OfiUce of the DepaLrtwmet of Workcs, 10, Edward-streett. ampstcad-rad, on Friday, the 11th dali or Apri iust., atbhalf-past 3 o'clock an the afternoon, toreeiveTE-NtERS f ro%gsons wiling to CON'TRACT f or the REMOVAL of the COAL AS , ie,&., from the house and yardB of the several Etreets, squares courts, anxd other places wivthin certain liortioosof the esaird parish of St . Pancras, from the 24th day of April inet. uip to and inc!iniive of the 30th day of September, hs56, pursuant to -the terms of draft contracts to he eeen dally, between the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., at the oflice of the C hief Surveyor, 10. Edward-street, Hampetsad. road. Sealed tende.rstobesent in, signed hbs the proposed contractur, with the namiss andideecription of two suffcient suiretiesfortbe performance of bis contract, to my olSon, hy orle-foro 12 o'clock at noci on the raidd Friday. the 18th day of April. The Vestry do notbiNs themselves to accept any tender. No ten,'der will be received oraeespted unless mnade outon oneof the p tited formna. Further particilars, with the iLrmlof tender, can-reobtainedat the.office.ofthe Chie Surveyor. 10, Edward-street, Hampstead-roae. where also Plans said de,scriptions of the sever,l portions of the parish can he inspecated, IBy order, Q.W. F. COOK, Vtstry Clerk. Veetry Offiems,n_ Klec-t-d. k'acacsacroad. April 5, 1816. 1)OCHFORD) UNION.-Notice is hereby given, X'j'that the Guardians of this Union will, at their Meeting, to ho holden on Tuesayv,the2dIdinstaint, roceed to ELECTa drilysinvlliled person to perform the duties of 1EDICAL OFFICER for the district. of Canes-don, in'the above Union, comprisirg the parishes of Canewdon, Flaglesham, Great Stamnbridge, Little Stnambridge, Ashin-don, South Fambridge, and thc whale of Wallasea lstand, -at a salariy of £40 per annum, exclusive of the extra medical fees as sanctioned by the Pobor-L-aw Board. The party elected muest cumply -witlh the orders and regulations of the Poor-Law Board. and the appointment wrifllhe sobjeettet their approvaL A o % tins tating quaLtiintion, to heforwarded tomel(underrseal)on or befoee the 21st day of April inota*mt -By order. RoeMor. Ap-i 8, 1 . OOMPORT, Clerk t-o the Guardians. C 1RANBROOK UNION.-The Guardians of the N-/Cranhroolk Union will recive on or before the 215 inst APPLICA-TIONS from Persons to be the -ELIEVING OFFICER for tho first district of the Union comprising the parishes of CrarLhrookq Frittenden, and Grudshurst. The person appointed wiltbhezrequired toa fird two sureties in the sum of £100 fzur the due performiance of his duties. He mnust reside at Cranbrook. The salary is £70 per annium. The Relieving Olilcerof this distrietwill receft'sthe appointmenetof Registrar of Births and Deaths for the Cran,rook district,coprisig the parishes of C.anbrook, Frittenden, and Bnenclden. Thfesro this appointment are aboit£~20pec annuim.Aplications, widi testimonias, are to besenitto me. - tnlymsch cadie&t-es asare requested. byIctter from me need attend the Board. JOHN R LLIOT 'WILSON, Clerk to the Guardlianas. Cranbrook, April 4.18I6. H1 ORLTOIN 'UNLION WORIHOTjSE. WANTED, inthe wads for theiinbecile and insane, a MALEL and FEMALE -UR.Sv, to fakre charge ot the patients, under the direction of the master and matron Df the establihment. A miacsled coDuple, without children, will be prefenved, to whom a salary of X43 piannum.,vwith heard and ognsi h house. wouildie na-s-gied . +As ee nrses-wo maymb app intdar nth -a ir. a ilryo I llftle nursees:!o =y be appointedk Ar-el 7otimarneeaiaarof per annum will be paid to the mau and £15 to the wsOmau, with boass and lodging. None ut persons s experience will be appointed, and candidates are reque, to send their applications and testimonials to me not later than Thursday, the 17th inst. Full parUculars of tir appointment mayv be learnt on application to MIr. Matthews, tho mnster or the workhouse at Withington. WILLIAM BEWRDErT, Clerktothe Guardas. Union Offices, Grosvenor-s2rse, Manchester, ApVill. T)EIGATE UNION. -Schoolmistress Wan,ted.- JL Notice is herebygiven, that tbe Guardian of tb Reigate union, inthe countyof Surrey. areprepared to recels PrOPOSAIS. in writing froma yprSOn inggquatified to undertake the dutiesof SOliCOLMIhSBESS in the Workbouso of the raid Union. who ii. be required to perf.orn the duties cmnected with that office as met foitit in the General Conolidated rder of the Poor-low Bxard. Salai-y £25 per aunum. or such larger sum as the Committee of Councit onE;ducation shall alio-,v tegetber-with the usual rations, lodging and washing. The Schoolmistres to beDnder the general siperinteae of the Master ofHbeHouse. Applicationm in the handwriting of ithe parties accomaZnied by tetimonors astoaD and ability to be forwarded to ie. free of postage on or before the lS.h April next: anai theuapplicant, r.lTbe requl dayotemtthe Boa-oomoftheWor house, Redhill o naW~ y tbe }6th April next, at ll o'clock lnthe fore nmor- 4,e- 5ppointmen,'will bf made. Board-room, T eige.ay April 2 oonT. o OrriS C QCHOOLMASTE:R an(l SCHOOLMISTR13SS~ )C WANTED. by the Governors, and Dirictors of the Poor of Et. James's, Westminster, for the Parils Industrial Schools, on Bs.tterse.- commDon. surrey. -The saltry of tho maEce wldl he Lif, ad that of the mis.ress £5 per annum, with heard, washin;g. and fulrnishieda stmints, They may he single prons or a mauled couple without encumbrance. Application, I the handwriting of the candidate resecively, stating their ae and present and irevious occapatian, anD accomPaniedby teetmnonials of recent date, and not ezceedLig six in number. as to character and ability to instruct after sme of the moetaFprovedmetbodlfsedlUetion,muesbe senttome, attbeparoci3 offlce oland-stret, OxforLdtoeet, en or before Thu1 day. tLe 1o nstant, hut cadidates are not to attendunlss afteards Ted The persona appointed must be in a p osition to comzmence their dluties mamedrzely. PResent number of children, 80 boys 55 5ir -i Th domestic conrecuxof the institution will he under other ecpein teordance. - By order of theBoased, - zuBGE5 lUYZEARD. Cles' osirsoTA.DERS foer BIUII;ING LE:ASh, forEO yeaS of aPLM of GgOU2fD,c the7 wa ide of Old Cange,mh eotti-hof Xuosa. sl2liithegrundI aLnd oonditres fbr 1tla tsTV beseenat tho ;O b *ll.ie t th ' * - Dnius,.
2 HER 3fiuFSTS' DRAWhI G-ROOM. The Queen held her first Drawing-room this season yesterday afternoon, in St. James's Palace. - Her Majesty's Guard of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen a Arms was on duty in the State Saloons, under the command of the Lieutenant. Lieutenant-Colonels Nevill and Cooke, the sab-officers, were on duty with the Corps. The Yeomen of the Guard were under the command of Captain Macdonald, the Exon in Waiting. A Guard of Honour of the Royal Horse Guards, with the band of the Regiment, in State uniforms, was on diuty in the large court of the Palace. Her Majesty the Queen and his Ro,al Highness the Prince Consort, accompanied by her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, arrived from Buckingham 'alace at 2 o'clock, escorted by a detachment of the Royal Horse Guards, and were received by the Great Officers of State. His Royal Highness the Duke of Camubridge wvas received by the Vice-Chamberlain. His Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar attended the Drawing-room. Before the Drawing-room Her 31ajesty, according to annual custom, received a deputation froin Christ's Hospital, in the Throne-room. The deputation, wvhich w-as ushered to the Royal presence by Sir William Martins, Gentleman Usher-in-Waiting, consisted of Mr. Villiam Gilpins, the Treasurer, Captain Shea (H. C. S.), and Mr. John Clarmont WVhiteisan, two of the governors of the institution, accompanied by the Rev. Williaun Weebster, 31 A., the mathemn-tical master; Mr. William H. Back, the drawing mis-:er; and the 40 boys of the Royal Mathematical Smhool founded by King Charles H1., and was most graciously received. His Royal Highness the Dfake of Cambridge, K.G., President of the institution, wvas present in the Throne-rooin with Her Majesty and the Prince. The Queen condescended to inspect the charts and drawings of the boys, and to express her approbation of their performances. After the reception of the depuDttioU Her Majesty and Prince Albert, accompanied by the Princess Royal and the Duke of Cambridge, received the diplomnatic corps. In attendance on the Queen and the Pritice were the Duchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes; the Dachess of WVellington (in Waiting), the Couitess of Desart, Lady Churchill, and Lady Macdonald, Ladies of the Bedchamber; the Hon. Eleanor Stanley (in Waiting), the Hon. Lucy Kerr (inWaiting), the lon. Caroline Cavendish, the Hon. FloraMacdonald, the Hon. Mary Balteel, the Hon. Mary Seymour, the Hgon. Beatrice Byng, and the Hon. Emily Cathcart, Maids of Honiour; Lady Caroline Barrington and Lady Gardiser, WVomen of the Bedchamber; Earl Spencer, K1G., Lord Steward; the Marquis of Breadalbane, K.T., Lord Chamberlain; the Duke of Wellington, Master of the Horse; the M1anquis of Abercorn, KlG., Groom of the Stole to his Royal Highness; the Earl of Mulgrave, Treasurer of the Household; Lord Ernest Bruce, Vice-Chamberlain; Viscount Drumlanrig, Controller of the Household; Lord de Tabley, Lord in Waiting; Lord George Lennox, Lord in.lVaiting to his Royal EIiginess; Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Keeper of Her Majesty's Privy Purse; Major-General the Hon. Charles Grey, Private Secretary to his Royal Highness; the Hon. .lortimner SackMille West, Groom in Waiting; Major-General Wylde, Groom ia Waiting to his Royal Highness; Lord Alfred Paget (Cler'k Marshal), Equerry in Waiting; Colonel F. H. Seymour, E querry inl W7aiting to his Royal Highness; and Mr. Charles EdunundPhipps, Page of Honour iu Waiting. The Queen wore a red poplin train with a running pattern of gold, trinmnsed with gold blonde. The petticoat was white satin, trimnmed wvith gold blonde to correspond. Her Majesty wore a headdress of opals and diamoeds. The Princess RPyal wore a dress of rich wvhite glace silk, with three skirts of wlnhte tulle, looped up with bunches of c riflowers and rich white satin riband. The body was +rimuned lwith a wreath of cornflowers, riband, and blonde. The train was of rich white moire antique, trimmed wvith boui'lon6es of tulle and corn9lowers. Her Royal Highness's headdress was formed of a -wreath of cornflowers, feathers, and lappets. In the Diplomatic Circle the folloving presentations to Her Lajesty took place:- By Madame Van de Weyer-Madame Henry Solryns, femme du Coniseiller de la Legation. * By the Countess de Lavradio-Yadame Pinto de Soveral, -wife of the Portuguese Minister at the Court of Rio de Janeiro; Mademoiselle Pinto de Soveral, d.aughter of the above. - By Madlame de Can-alho-Madame C. Vianna de Lima, femane dn Secretaire de la Legation du Brcsil; Madame H. Vianna de Lima, belle-scour du mdmne Secretaire. By Viscountess Palmerston-Mrs. Dallas, wife of the United Statea' MIinister. By Mrs. Dallas-Miss Dallas and Miss Sophia Dallas, daughters of the United States' Minister; Miss Nicklin. By the Brazilian Minister-Major J. L. Stockmeyer, Attach6 to the Legation. By the United States' Minister-Mr. Philip N. Dallas, son of the Minister, and Secretary to the Legation. The Diplomatic Circle wvas attended by the Turkish Asmbass-dor anid Madaume -lusurus, Prince A. Vogorides, Con. seiller, Essad Bey. First Secretary of the Embassy; Captain Hussein aild Captain Mahmoud Effendi, Turkisill Imperial Guard; the Belgian Minister and Madame Van de Weyer; 3Mr. H. Solvyns, Conseiller, and M. Octave Delepierre, Secretary of Legation; the Bavarian Minister and Baroness de Cetto; Conut de Kielmanusegge, the Hanoverian Minister; Mfarquis d'Azeglio, Sardinian M11inister, anld Count Corti, Secretary of the Legation; Madame Tricoupi, wife of the Greek Miinister; M. Charilaus Tricoupi, Greek Charg6 d'Affaires; the Portuguese Minister and Countess de Lav. radio; the Chevalier Pinto de Soveral, Portuguese Minister at the Couirt of Brazil ; General Barreiros (Portuguese army), Captain SalgaIo (Portuguese ariay) and M. G. dos Santos, Attachd to the Legation; the Danish Minister and Madame d'Oxhohml; Baron de Hochschild, Sw;edish and Norwegian M[inister, ansd Baross C. de Hochschild, Secretary of Legation; the Brazilian M1inister; Chevalier Vianna de Limna, Secretary of Legation ; Commander Virgilio de Carvalho and Chevalier Pereira de Andrada, Attaciis; and Lieutenant da Rocha Earia de Almeida Portilgal ; the Hon. George MIiflin Dallas, 'United Statee Minister ; Count de Vitzthum, Saxon Minister; Mr. Alfred Rucker, Hanseatic MIiniister; Mr. J. T. Comyn, Spanils Charg6 d'Affaires; M. E. Diaz del Moral and 31L Jnan de Guardamino, Attaches to the Legation; ML R Ulisse Barbolani, Sicilian Char.G d'Affaires; AL J. M. Gonzmalez de Ia Vega, Mexican Chargi d'Affaires; Baron Dansier, Haitian Charg6 d'AffYires, and M. D. L'Espinasse, Secretary of the Mission; the Charg6. d'Affaires of France, 31. de Monicault and le Due de Caderousse; General Baron Smola, of the Austrian army; Colonel Jules de Wurmb, Imperial Royal Austrian service; Alfons Wissiak, Captain in the Inmperial Royal Austrian navy ; Captain M. A. da Rocha Faria, Brazilian navy ; Viscount Palmerston, G.C.B., acting for the Earl of Clarendon, the Queen's Prricipal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; Major Gencral the Hon. Sir Edward Cnst, K.C.H., Efer Majesty's Master of the Cerenmonies; and Viscoun,tess Palnierston. The General Circle w-as attended by the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Right Hon. Sir George Grey, Lord Panmure, Secretary of State for War; the Secretary of State for, the Colonies, the First Lord of the Admiralty, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of A1derley, the Duke of Argyll, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, Lord Foley, the Captain of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms; Viscount Sydney, Captain of Her Majesty's Yeomen of the Guard; FieldMLarshal Viscount Coumbermere, Gold Stick in Waiting; the Lord Chief-Jistice of England, Lord Monteagle, Controller General of the Exchequer; the Earl of Besborough, Master of the Buckhounds ; tIie Lord Chief-Justice Jervis, tlse Right Hon. Edward Horsman, M.P., the Vice-Clhancellor Sir W. Page W1,ood, the Right Hon. Robert Lowe, Lien- tenant-Colonel Tophami, the Lieutenant of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-A rms; Colonel Bagot, Her Mlajesty's As. sist-uit Master of the Ceremonies; ihr. Norman Macdonald, Controller of the Lord Chamberlain's Department; Sir Augustus Clifford, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; Colonel Darby Griffith, Aide-de-Camp to Her Majesty ; Colonel Lord Dynevor, Aide-de-Camp to the Queen; Captain Du Plat, Equerry to his Royal Highness Prince Albert; Colonel Francis Seymnour (Scots Fusilier Guards), Groom of the Bedchamber to his Royal Highness Prince Albert; Mr. Joseph Skip Lloyd, Clerk of the Check and Adjutant of the Hon. Corps of Gentleman-at-Arms; Colonel Fitzmaurice, Adjutant of the Yeomen of the Guard; Colonel Wood (Grenadier Guards), Field-Officer in Waiting; Mr. Frederic Peel Round, Gentleman Usher of the Green Rod; Major-General Sir Frederic Smith, Gentleman Usher to the Privy Chamber; Mr. Wilbraham Taylor, Gentlenlan Usher in Waiting to the Queen; Colonel Master, Gentleaman Usher of Privy Chamber in Waiting; Mr. Charles Heneage, Gentleni.an Usher of the Privy Chamber; Mr. Alfred Montgomery, Gentleman Usher to tlse Queen in Waiting; Major Howard Vyse (2d! Life Guards), Gentleman UJsherto the Queen; Dr. Lyon Playfair, C.B., Gentlenaan Usher to his Royal Highness Prince Albert in Waiting; Captain J. F. Cust (Grenadier Guards), Adjutant in Brigade Waiting. The following presentations took place, the names having been previously left at the Lord Chanibsrlain's-office, and submitted for Her Majesty's approval:_ mms Tceua aL Court, by the Hon. mP. Raikes curan Alidge. t br y Elziabeth 8. Dicdns. hrs. Lyttelton Annesiey, by Viscouitess Duncan. Mimss Anaeiley, by her mother, Mrs. Lyttelten Ameseyr. 'Lay Gwendoline Anson, by the Countess Dowvger of Lichfield. hZils Alice anson, by the Countess Dowager of Lichfield. Lady Victoria Ashley. by the Countews of Shaftesbury. Mrs. Dukinfield Asley, by the Countess Dowager of Darley. The Hon. Mnrs. Lloyd Anstruther. by Lady Caroline Barrington. Mrm John Antrobws on her marriage, by Lady Antrobus. Lady Frances BaiUle, on her marriage, by the Duchess of Weling*ton. M t°2eliss Mary laillie, by Lady Frances Baielie. .ady. en.inc; bYthe}Hon Ladybh C wne nsof ltshem. Mnss CharlesB- byghae, byrso . Leopoldr agel. Mfrs. Robert Blaone. by her sister, Lady Coairinton. Mn Rotton, by MKrs. Palkc. The HIon. Mrs. Charles Bloothby, on her marriage, by the Countess of Mirs. 0y. J. Bossessuet. by the Countess of Cottenham. Mdiss liesanquet, by har mLother. 3frs. G. J. Bosanquet. 'Lady Boiler. on her marriag e, by the Lady MIacdonald. Viscounte's Bury, on her mnarriage, by the Countess of Albermarle. The Countess of Caithness. by her mather, the Hon. Lady Philip. The lion. Edina Campbell, by her muother, the Lady Stratheden and Campbell. Mrs. Campbell, of B!ythswoc, by the Duchess of Argyll. -Miss; Campbell, by Mrs. Campbell. The llou. Eliss tavendish, by Lady Waterpark. Lady Elizaboth Clifford. by Viscountess Palmerston. The Hon. Mary Wiindsor CULve, by Baroness Windsor. Miss Frelerica Cockerell. by Visgounteos rnge6tre Lady Codringten, by the Hon. lrs. Grey. M Richanr D. Craug, by Mra John Woed. M1iss R Croher. by her aunt, Mrs. Laftus Bland. lady E3lzabeth Ciost, on her marriage, by Lady Anna Mfaria Cast. Mrs. Louis d'Eyntourt, onher marriage, by her mother, Mrs. Ashton Yates. riss Deedes. by her mother, 3Mrs. Deedes. 3Mrs. pencer;. Dickins, on her marriage. byLadyElizabeth S.Dietins. Miss Dickinson. by her mother, Mrs. Vickinson. Mfiss Fanny Dickiuson. by her soother, Mrs. Dickinson. Horn Caroline Dillon. by her mother, Lady Clonbrock. Mrs. Charles Du Plat, on her marrisge, by the Countess of Rosebery. MlIss Mary Ellis. by Lady Seaford. Miss Emily Fsithfull, by Mrs. Codrington. Mfiss Fredsrica Gambier, by her mother, Mrs. illiam Gambler. Miss Selna Gambler, by her mother, 3rM. iiUaum Gambier. Mrs. Charles GoodfordL by the Hou. Mrs. Hodlgson. Mliss Grant. by her mnother, the Hon. M[rs. Josceline WilUiam Percy. hrs. Oswald Grisstess. by the Hoei. Lady Phillips. Miss Adelaide Griniston, by Mrs. Oswald Grisston. 1ady Hawes, by the Countess Grey. Lady Hoboles, by Luly lVehruse. Mi ss Hope. by- her mother, the Hlon. Mnx Hope. Mfiss Jervis, hy LartyJervis. Mfiss R sa Liscer-Kayr by her mother, Lady Lister-Kaye. Lady Auguasta K;eppetl. by the Countess of Alcare MIiss Icing, by the lHon. Mrs. I10cke King. Miss Madedinuarbe ShwsLfes-ro byrhher mother, Mrs. John Shaw ohfevre. Mrs. Ste-wart Forbes Leith, of Whitehaugh, by Mrs. Philip Crawley. ,Miss Adelaide J. Forbes Leith, by her mother, Mrs. Stewart Forbis Leith, of W1hitwhaugh. Miss Lindomv, by Lady Ciharlotte Berkeley. Mfrs. Archibald Little, by Lady Page Wood. Hon. Miss JossestoydL by her mother, Lady Overstone. Mlss MacGregor, ly her snother, Lady MlacGregor. Mrs. Martin, by Mirs. Polk. MissGeorgen. ?ia5ne, byhermother, Lady Mayne. rhe Lay Mlayloess, by Viscountess Parn erston. Lady Charo Eald by she Cogntess of Dcsart. Miss Donabo by herbmotber, Lady hl Eonabdo Miss Auriana MbDonall, by her mother, Lady MDonald. Miss dEizeth sborfnalde by her mother, Lady Osomeld. MIsS MCtlioeOeud Morston. by her auta Laly Charlotte Berkeley. The HIon. Mrs. Maobury, by her mother, Dowager Viscountesr Cunitamore. Mrs. Sabrtl-uley e by La y Hardings Lady Charlotte Elizabeth Osbora, byathe CaMtess of Guilfor. Miss Osbort,. by Lady C. E Osborr. Miss Laura Osborn. by Lady C. E. Osborn. Mrn. Osmorne. by iarch ioness Towrgsrheo Liss Elizabeth sbornte. by her a oter, I lrs. Osborne. Mrs. Csnhffe Owen. by te Coumtess Granviell. Lady EIza3bsth Theresa Pepys, by her moths;, the Countess of Cot- Lys. Robert n holdmore by Lady Charlotte Denion. Laly Charlotte Poreyd, on her marriage, by m rs. Portal. Mrrs. Robert Portal, on her gmsnrriate by Mn PortnaL Rosl. Mtrs. Pherfan, os her Varriuage, bythe Countess of Sheffield Lady Carolshle Prat, byher aunt, Mrs. Jermyn Pratt. M1rs. Htoses Psrees, by Lady Homxe Campbell. Lcady Reyssoldsn hb Lady Charlotte berkeley. h{iss Georgina Riley. by Lady Emily Seymour. MIrs. Robert son, byisher graodmother. the Hon. Mrts. John Elliot. Mfis. tTmnder-Sheriff Rose., by Viscountesa Palmercton. Miss de Rothschild. byher mother. Lady Rowve, on her marriage. by her mother. Mrs. Hamilton Story. Miss Arethusa Rowley, by her mother, the Hon. Mrs. Rowley. Mliss ityersoss, of Canada, by the Countess Grey. Mfrs. Frederic Sayer, by tie Hon. Mrs. Ptdpp;. Miss Sayer, by her moths; Mrs. Sayer. *Mrts. Leo Schuster, by MIrs. MIlner Gibson. Mrs. Francis Sculy. on her marri.age, by Lady Shiel. Mrs. Pockllngton-Senhouse, by the Hon. Mrs. Jolm Elliot. Miss Pccklisgton-Senhouse, by her mother, MIrs. Pochlington4ienhouse. Miss Blanche Pocklington-Senhouse, by her mother, Mrs. Pocklington-Seuhouse. Lady 8heil, on her husband being made K.C.B., by Lady PFamerston. Miss Katharine Shepherd, by her mother, Mrs. John Shepherd. Mi3s Smyth, by the lon. Mirs. Sry th. Lady Anne Sherson, by her mother, the Marchioness Townshesid. Lady Edith Somerset. by the Duchess Dowager of Beaufort. Miss Isabeila Stephenson, by Lady MIary Stephenson. Mn Fox Strangways, by Viscountess Hardinge. 31iss Donnithome Tatylor. by Hon. 3frs. Bradshaw. Miss Maria Dcnnithorne Taylor, by the Hon. 3Mrs. Bradshaw. The Marchioness Townshend, by the Counitess of Albemarle. Lady Elizabeth Townsshsend, by the Marchioness Toivnshend. Lady Troubridge. by Lady Grey. 3Miss Catharisse Verschoyle, byher mother, 3Mrs. Verschoyle. Mliss Jane Maria Vibart. by Lady Elizabeth Osboem. Ladyhs Waler, on her return from abroadl, by the Duchess of Wellington. Mrs. EAivard Wards, by Emily, Duchess of Beaufort. The Hon. Catharine Leicester W*arren, by her mother, Lady De Tabley. t 3frs. Thomas X. Weguelin, by the Marchioness Townshend. Barone.ss Winisor, on the termination of the abeyance of the Barony of WVindsor. by Viscoimtess PaLherston. LadyAgneta Yorke, by her mother, the Countess of Hlardivicke. The following Ladies attended the Drawing-room:Drc1ssEnSE.-Bcaufort (Dowager), Inverness, and Argyll. CoLTsssss.-Danley tEDowager), Verulam, Hard,wicke, March, Grey, Slieffield, Jersey, Shaftesbury, Effingham, Cottenham, Limerick, Elgin. Derby, Besborough, Kerry, and Albemarle. VsscoU-.%n:smix.-Sydney, Duncan, Emlyn, Geiilamore (Dowager), Glentworth (Maria), Dalrymple, Mountgarret, Torrington, and Ingestre. LADzrs..-Seaford, Stratheden and Campbell, Emily Seymour, Jen-s, Mary Stephenson, Fredenic Souith, WVaterpark, Frances Pratt, MUford, Caroline Kerrison, Colville, Overstone. Elcho, Charles P. petham Clinton, Page Wood, De Ros, LouLia Oswvald, Elizabeth Hervey, Ashworth, Harriet Pdnsonby, Kathleen Ponsonby. 3Mary Fitzmaurice, De TabIey, Elizabeth Merray, Grey, -Naas, Amise Maria Cust, Carolie Burges, Maria Howard, Antrobus, M'anners. Lister-Kaye, Cloubrock, Fitzrrygras, IMayne, Elizabeth S. Dickins, Wodehouse, Rosa Grefde, Charlotte Denison. Eastlake, MacGregor of MacGregor; Loa-ine lumeRCampbel, AlfredHerSey, Sarah Lindsayw Isabella St. John, Townsend Farqluhar, Lo4uisa Coruwlls, ElIzabeth Corwaln is, Louisa Spencer. Emily Pp olys.mildred BeresferdHope, Chrlotte BdDerkele CharesRu_sEs.-ellmPynk Mruteat, Milazy Yabirk, GerldneWod Saherset PaLing4ln, Carolne Murray, Catherine Va. Harcoat, Emma StaCrley Clenfesltinn Vilhpers. .arC Laboushere, Lamb Wood, John Russell Einly Caendish, Mbarcus Hill, Standey of Alderley, HEarding, Maari Stanley, and Grey Fgertan. ExonssOULDS.-M. aude Standey, Mirs. Bradbhawv, 3mr. Spalding, Mlrs. Raikes Currie, Ldy Phidps, M lrs. GranviLeVernon. Amrelia Ma, ay, Mars. Pamrell Ceciia Campbell, ars. wl. Oen Stabley, Mtrs. SAusta. Sophia o Graety, Fanny Dillon, LadY Buiwe; Mwrst Locke Rowley, Mrrs. Henry Brand, Mn. siJohn Ellinxot MtNrs. Bruce, is Mltford, Mlrs. Mlortimer Sackcville WVest, Mns Grey, Mrs. George IV. Hope, Mntr. Phipps, Blanche Fitzgerald de Pots, MIrs. George W. Hope, and Mers. Fitfity. DA~noynssg.-De Goldsmid and Do Rothschind, Mss>rarEs.sa-Jersnnn Pratt, Wiiamsw Gamble;, John Wood, Shelley, Mlalcolm, Leopl 4d i'aget, John Shaw Lofevre, Lew,is Loysd,Charles Grat-li,^ JohanSep CJatrdnwtl,LasubtoI Augusn, Lowe, John Townerey, Bares,Msla Gbso. Ahto Yaes,Codsetotna HenrDahe.Rbly,Gif fithA, edee, Verhoyle, Dickinson, Wodeheouse, A. G. Robarts, PhilipoCrawlay, theieic aen, Elliot MainarhGin, P .lk, Speirs (ElderHon). Henryi Eneve, Grenville Berkeley, Pipr, Sayer, Henry Armytage,o accedPofracted, FrncistHoley Robineon, Mudv W. F. nerason. Portal, heorge Carpente;, Samuel Platrl Hofmais, Ja W Reynolds, Hamidton Stery, EdwardBagot, Woliam Gladestone, Howard Vyso.E and Veron Smith. Mrbsers.-ardy, Hill. Wood, GeorgianaGrevide, Carrie, Sheley Eleanor AGhwortni Mary Shaw Lofevre, Cof dnlai, IsabeLa Shepher, Auguta Grevitle, Henrietta Hay, Lasceyles, Ashw orah, Laofbten Gertrude Eambton. E,erton, LBouisa HEay, Carolne Gotlelmid Georgiana Cost, Eleanor Cast, Hawes, Pinney, Story, Antrobus, Fox Strangwaye, Catr; Dlshweod, iebarts, Augusta Clif,ord, Fit Wygram, Osborne, Helena M1acnaghten, Letitia Mtacnaghten. Riley, Am-bh lster-lKay, Georgina G erkeley. Aiee Berkeley, Macleod, Clarissa Russel. Emma Rowley, Spalding. Augusta Fia Wfygram, St. John. Marcia .,ister-aye, Fanny Platt. Portal, Hope, .aslie, Fanny Clfford, Stepheneon, Mary BSarrigton, Russel and Cockereil. Among the gentlensen present avere Lord WodehouSe, LGord Ragean, the Right Hon. T. Miner Gibson, yMP., the Hon. Captain Denmnan, 1CM., Sir Hugh Husme Camp)bell, M lajor Homec Pun-yes, the Chief Justice of Ceylon, M9ajorGeneral CatMr, the Barquis of Casden, Earl of AlbelSarle, VAiscount Torrington, the eiget Hon. Sir Joln Pakington, Ma :r-General Sir Henry Bentinck, Lord Overstone, Ri^ght. Hon. E. Osrdwvell, Lord 3ilford, Earl Jermyn, General Sir Robert Gardiner, MLr Osborne, Sir Richard D.ayne Lieutenant-General CV. F. Beatlon, Mr. Tho Fas Matthias WegueMlss, Governor of the Bank of England; Lord Colville, the Earl of Caitlnes5,the lord Ma the PEarl of Egiintour, tIe Earl of Vcruian,Baron de Rothschild, the Queen's Advocate, the Hon. Charles Gore, Lieutenant-General Sir Joins M'Donsld, E.C.B., Sir Philip Grey Egerton, Mi.P., Mlr. Stanley, Sir William Hohules, Captain Sayer, D.A.AG., the Earl of Sheffield, MIr. Georgea W. Hfope, Colonel Naple;, C. B,, Aide-dc-Camp to the Queen; MIr. Alderman and Sheriff Rose, MIr. Baillie, of Dochfour, the Earl of Mrarcli Mr. Portal, M.P., Colonel Bloosnileld, R.H[.A., Aide-doCamp to the Queen; Sir Benjamin law-es, KC.B., Sir James Fergusson, Bart., MI.P., Sir Charles Fox, Sir Edmund Lacon, B.art., M.P., Lord Moans, Major-General Sir George Buller, K4.C.B., Colonel Pinney, MYP., MIr. M5undy, MYP., Mrr. Loftus Bland, Q.C. and M.P., Colonel Steele, C.B., Aide-do-Camp to the Queen; MIr. Stephenson, Colonel the Hon. James Lindsay, M.P., MIr. Richard D?. Craig, Queen's Counsel; Colonel Smyth, 3LP., Mr. Francis Scully, MI.P., together wvith numerous others. The Queen and Prince Albert, w,ith the Princess Royal, returned to Buckimsgham Palace after thse Draw-log Room, attended by the Ladies and Gentlemen in Waiting.
"TntTDwEs" ANDLORDLucAx.-Lord Lucanmade his appearance on Tuesday with a copy of Thze Tinmes in his hand, complainir, loudly of some comiments which appeared in the columns of that jolunal. No one will suspect us of partiality in applauding TDe Timnes, and on this occasion we can only express our conviction that in animadverting upon the evidence during the progress of the case it has acted perfectly right. It is right to abstain from aU comment when the tribunal is of a character to inspire confidence in the integrity of its decisions; butthe court of inquiry iioiv sitting is no such tribunal as tllis. We are justified in regarding it with suspicion. We are bound by the duty we owe the public to watch its proceedings with the utmost jealousy, and to interpret them, from day to day in their fair vernacular meaning. The authorities who appointed these judges have already tak-en sides w ith the accused; they have appointed judges who are dependent upon themselves for professional advancement; the judges must be men of more than ordinary virtue if theyare conscious of nounfairleaning towards the side of which their patrons are the avoweed advocates. It is all very wvell to claim for the nominees of the Horse Guards the respect and confidence wvhich are paid to Her AMajesty's judges; but there is not the shadow of a paraUel between them. In the one case every element which can inspire such sentiments is present ; in the other it is absent. Inthese circmnstances st is the duty of the public press to judge the judges. It is our duty to remind them that while they are appointed by the Government they are responsible to the country and that the peril of pronouncing a decision at variance with facts may all with inconvenient weight upon their own heads. We deal with the present case without any reference to the merit of the system out of which it arises. We are impressed with the conviction that nothing can save our Administration from corruption and inefficiency but a determined resolve that the theory of responsibility shall not remain a dead letter. The Government of the country must no longer be the only department in wvhich men are amply paid for blunders, in winch the wildest excesses of incapacity are greeted with condoling smiles, and orders of merit are given to cover a multitu de of sins.-is-cri,ceste, .Fmmtiner.
THE OA TH OF ABJURA TIG BILL. HO5USE OF COMMONS, WEDNESDAY, APrNL 9. vati Ot Abjuration Bill,-Order for second reading read; motion made and question proposed, " That the bill be now read a second tiuie '-Amnendsent proposedto leave outthe word " now," and at the end of the question to add the words "upon this day six months"-(Sir F. Thesiger.) Questionl put, "That the word 'now' stand part of the question." The House divided. [Sir F. Thesiger, one of the tellers for the Noes, stated that Mr. W. Martin, member for Rochester, was with the Noes in the left lobby, but had refused to vote with them; whereupon Mr. Speaker desired the tellers to bring Mr. W. 3Martin to the table. The hon. member, having come to the table, was asked by Mfr. Speaker if he had lheard the question put, and, on replying in the affirmative, was informed by him that having gone forth into the left lobby his vote must he recorded with the Noes.] WhereliPon the tellers announced the numbers-Ayes, 230; goes,~~~~~~~~~s 195. Acton. J. Fortescue, C. S. Morrs, D. Adair. R. A S. Fox, W. J. Mo5tyn, Hon.T.B.MJL, A nw, SirA. F.-eestu., Colonel Mulgrave, Earlof Al=ccl:, T. GanIner E. AMurrouglh, J. P. Anderson, Sir J. Gaskell, J.M. Napier, Sir C. Antrobus, F, Gifford, Earl of - North, F. Bal, -E. GladstoneX.t. Hon. W. O'Bien, J. Ball J. Glyn, G. C. Oliveira, B. Baring.Rt. Hnfir F.T. G oderich. Visconnt IAlmer, Roundell Barnes. T. Gordon, Hon. A. Palmerston, Viscount BaEs, M. T. Gower, Hon.F. L. PIaxton, Sir J. Baxter, W. F' Grace, 0. D. J. Peacocke, G. 31 W. Bell. J. Grahamn,Rt. on.Sir J. PeGheD, Sir C. B. Bellwe, T. A. Gregson, S. Peel, Sir i. Berkeley, Hon. H. F. GreafteS C. W. Peel, F. Berkeley. G. C. L. Greville Colonel F. PelatI, A BetheUL Sir i. Grey, Rt. Ha. SirG. Perry, dirT. B. Biggs, W. Grey, . W. Pbillisore, 3. C. Black. A. Grosvenor, Lord i. Phulhoore, i. 3. Eonhbau-Carter. J. Gurney, J. H. Piott. F. llouverie.tt. HLL .P. Balfield, G. Pilkington,J. Boiyer. C. BaHilL Rt. Hon. Sir B. Pinrey, W. 3rady, J. Hankey, T. Follant-Urgebart, W. Bratuston, T. W. HarWourt, C. G. Poosonby, Ha A G. 3. Brand, Hon. H. Hastie, Alexander Prce,Sir B. Breckman, E. D. Hasti, Archibald Price. W. P. Broterton,=3. HaJtor, Pt Hon.W.G. aynharn,Viscount Brown, H. HLeadlamo T. 1. Ricando, o. Brown, W. Heneage, C. F. Ri arde, S. Buckley, General Herbert. H. A. Rice, E. R. Bulkeley, Sir R. B. W. Hoywood. 3. Richardson, J. J. Burke, Sir T. J. Heywoith. D. Bidley, G. Butler, C. S. Higgins Colonel 0. Roebick, J. A. B1ng, Hon. G. ILC. CuHolnd, it ituessell, Lord J. Castleromse, Viscount Eoreman. Rt. Hon . tRussell, F. C. HL Cbhalis. Mr. Alderman Howard, H G. C. W. G. RuLsselL F. W. Cbambers, 3. Howard, Lorl E. Scholefield,%V. Cheethain, J. Hutchins, E. 3. Scobell, Captain Ciay. Sir W. Hutt, W. Sulley, F. Cobden, R. Ingham, it. Seymour, IL D. Cockburn, Sir A. J. B Jackson, W. Seymour, W. D. Coain, W. Jermyn, Earl Shafto. R. D. Coote, Sir C. HL Jobstone J: Sheoburne, Earl of Cowan, C. Johnstone, Sir 3. Smith, J. A. Cowper, Rt.Hon.W. F. Reating, iH S. Smith. J. B. Craufurd, B H. 3. Krshaw, 3. Smith,Rt.Hon.R.V. Croseley. F. King, Hon. P.J. Stanley, Lord Cubitt, Mr. Alderman Kirk, W. Stauley Hon W 0 Currie, R. Labouchere, Rt.Hn.H. Steel. J. Dashwood. Sir G. IL Laffan, it. 3 Strutt, Right Hon. B_ Davie, Sir H. R. F. Lalag, S. Sullivan, M. Denison, J. B Lanuton, H. G. Swift, R. De Vere, S. LRslett, V. 1'homely, T. Dillwyn, L. L. Layard. A. H. Thormtill, W. P. Disraeli. Right Hon. B. Lee. W. Tite, WV. Divett, E. Lomon, Sir C. Uxbridge, Earl of Drurnlanrig, Viscount Leeis, Rt. Hon. Sir C. Vane, Lord IL Doff, G. S. Liddell, Hou- IL G. Vernion, Gl. Duff, J. Lindsay. WV. S. Villers, Bt. Hon. C. P. Duncan, Viscount Locke, J. Walmqley, SirJ. Duncan, G. Luce, T. 'Walter, J. Duncombe,T. T I'Cann, J. Warner, F. Dundas. F. 3M'Gregor, J. Waterpark. Lord Dungarvan, Viscount 3lacuire, J. F. Watson. WV. i Dunlop, A. M. Mlarjuribanlks, Di. C. Wells W. Durne, 3I mtartin, J. Whatman. J. EDice, Right Hon. B. fassey. WV. N. Whitbriea. S. EDice, B. Meagher, T. Wieckham, HL W. EDiot, Hon. J. E. Mtiall, F. Wilkinson. WV. A. Evans, Sir D. L. Milligan, R. Wilcox, B. 3.L Ewart, W. Mills, T. Williams, 3. ELwart, J.0. 3ines it. B . Wmlliaxns IV. Fenwick. IL SlicholL W. Winrington, Sir T. R. Fergus. J. M 'itchell T. A. WynU, . Fitzgerald. SirS. Moffatt, G. Fitzroy, RightHon. H. Mlouck, Viscount Tellers. Forster, C. Stouclieff. J. Mr. 31 Gibson Forster, J. Monld, Rt. Hon. W. Sir J. Shelley. NOES. Adderley, . B. Gladstone, Catain Morgan, 0. Annesley, Earl of Goddard, A. Me3Iowbray, J. R. Arbuthnolt, Hon. Geon Gooch, Sir E. S. Mulhmgs, .1. Ri Baillie, H. J. Graham, Lord ML W. 3tuud1y, W. Baird, J. CiseenaD, G. Mnantz, G. F. Baldock, B. H. Greene, T. Naas. Lord Bankes. Rt. lion. G. Grogan, E. Napier, Rt. Hon. 3. Barrington, Viscount Ginniess, R. S. Newark, Visc.ount Barronw W. IL Gwyn, H. GNoel, Hon. G. J. Bateson, T. Haddo, Lord North, Colontel Beckete, W. Hale, Ri B Northoote, Sir S. H. Bennet, P. Halford, Sir H. Oakes, J. H. P. Bentlack Lonl H. Hamilton, Lord C. Osaulston, Lord Bentincn G. GW. P. Hamilton, Rt. Hon. Pakington,ttHn.SirJ. Beresford, Rt. Hon.W. R.C. N. Pal.,. Blackburn, P. Hanbary, Hon. C. a B. Palmer. Robert Blakemore, T. W. B. Harrourt, Colonel Patten. Colonel W. Boldero Colonel Hanly, G. Peel, General Bond, J. W. M'C. Hayes, Sir B Pennant, Hon. Colonel Booth, Sir t. G. Heathcote, Sir W'. Pritanl, J. Brarley-Meore. 3. Henley, Rt. Hun. J.W. Replon, G . J. Bruce, MajorC. Herbert,SirT. Robertson,P. F. Buck, Colonl Hildy;ud. lt.C. Rolt, P. Bnbury. W. B. 3rc. Hill. Lord A. . Sandars G. Darrel, Sir 0.31. Holford, It S. Scott, Hon. F. Burroughes. it NT. Horsfall T. B. Seymer, H. K. Butt. C. 31 Hotham, Lord Sibthorp, taijor Cabbell. B. B. Hughes. IV. B. Smoth, A. Cairns. IL 3M0. Iumeo, W'. F. Somerset, Colonel Cedll. Lord It. Irton. S. Spoon;r, R. Chelsea, Viscount Jolliffe, Sir B'. G. H. Stafiord, A. Child. S. JoDiffe, H. IL Stanhope, J. B. CholmondeloyLord H. Jones, Adnirl Starkie, I.e G. N. Christie, S. KendalL N. Stracey, Sir IL J. Chnton. Lord C. P. Kerrison. Sir B. C. Stevart. Sir M. R. S. COlve, lon. ,. W Ring, J. KI Stuart Captaiu Cobbold, J.0. Rinnahid. lion. A.F. Sturt, Vl.G. Cole, Hon. H. A. Knatehbull, W. F. Tollemache, J. Coles, IL B. Knight. F. W. Tyler, Sir G. Compton, H. C. Ruightley, BL Vance, J. Dalkeith. Earl oE Knox. Colonel Vansittart, G. H. Davies, J. L. Langton, W. G. Verner, Sir W. Deedes, W. Legh, G. C. Vernon, L. V. Dering Sir E. Lenmox, Lord A. F. Vyvian, Sir i. it. Dod, J. W. Lennox, Lord H. G. VsNse, Colonel Durbvowoth, Sir J. T. B. Lindsay, Hon. Colonel Waddington, E. S. Duocombe, Hon. A. Lisbume, Earl of Walcott, Admiral Dunne, Colonel Lockhart, A. a Walpole, Rt. Ho. S. B. Du Pre, C. G. Lockhart '%V Warren. S. East, SirJ. B. Lovaine. herd -West, F. B. Egerton, Sir P. Lovther, Hon. C. Whiteside, J. Estcourt. T. H. S. Lowther, Captain Whitmroe. H. Evelyn, W. J. HMacartney, G. Wigram. L. T. Farnbam, E. B. H%fackie, J. WUiloughby Sir H. Fairer, J. Sl7Gregor, J. Wise, J. A. Fellowes, E. Maddock, Sir L. Woodd, B. T. Ferguson, J. blalins, i. Wyndham, General Fergusson. Sir J. mtnners, Lord G. Wyndham, H. Filhmer, Sir . AManners, Lord J. Wynn, Lient.-Colonel Floyer, J. Harch, Earl of Wynn, Sir W'. W. Follett, B. S. 'Martin. P. W. Wynne, Rt. Honi. J. Forester, Itt. Hon. C. Maunsell, T. P. Yorke, HoI, E. T. Forster, SirG. Meux, Sir tL Fuller, A. E SMes, %V. Tellers. GaUlwey, Sir W. P. Mtontgomery, H. L. Sir F. Tnesiger Galway, Viscount Montgomery, Sir G. Sir. Newdezate. George, J. Moody, C. A. Lord R. CLINTO2; was accidentally shut out from the division on the above bill.
OUDE AND mS AxmrxAcnoN.-The Nizam of the Deccan is the last of the Mussulman Princes of India. On the 4th inst. General Outram placed the draught of a treaty before the King of Oude. The wretched Prince was true to his character to the last. His life has been one scene of wilful degradation. He has cast away even that semblance of self-respect which the worst of his class have hitherto preserved. Eight years ago one spark of manly pride, one display of energy, might have redeemedhiskingdom andthe fortunes of his house. He married a mehtranee instead At the last moment, when nothing remained but a dignified submission, he displayed a childish arrogance, refused to sign the treaty, and threatened to appeal his " case" to the House of Commons. His obstinacy proved as unavailing as his menaces. On the 7th of February the troops halted outside Lucknow, the proclamation appeared, and Oude was included in the thin red line. We cannot repress a feelin- o. cordial pleasure at the reasons assigned for the irrevocable se.Thereis no pretext of expected hostility, ortreacherous designs, or even of injury apprehended tothe British powver. For the first time in its history the Governmnent of India assumes its true position, stands forwvard as the guardian of the millions, aud strikes down a throne solely because it is oppressive. It has been the high fortune of Lord Dalhousie in eight years to add four kindoms to the British Empire. The first was annexed because its soldiery, in a moment of profound peace, forced on us the alternative of sovereignty or ruin. The second was conquered to teach a barbarous Court that our flag must be respected even in the swamps. The third passed to us by tlhe sim le rioht which gives to the State the property of the childless. Dlse fourth has been absorbed, not to avert a danger, not to avenge an insult, not by any right of inheritance, but to save the millions who suffered from a tyranny to which that of Naples is enlightened freedom. There are those who will think the last cause not the most unworthy of the British name. The perxonnel of the Administration has been organized. Most of thems will, we think, be favourably received. General Ontram, whatever his abilities for civil administration, has at least displayed that moral courage which is to an administrator what a backbone is to the human body. Mr. Couper, his secretary, has an official reputation which the public will speedily be able to confirm. Mr. Gubbins is the officer wvho put down infanticide at Agra by his accu-racy in the collection of statistics. M%r. Ommanney, though less known, had as a young man a reputation which he has since had little opportanity to increase. The only appointment we regret is that of Captain Hayes. As acting Resident, he repeatedly displayed qualities fitted for duties somewvhat higher than those of an aide-de-camp. A place in tie commission would have given a more fitting occupation to the officer of all others most acquainted with Oude. For the rest, we need only remark that the Administration will contain a most unusual number of young men. General Outran and his military coadjutors are officers of long experience or service; but one coniuissioner, Mr. Cliristian, is of only 13 years' standing; another, Mr. Wingfield, is of only 15. The secretary is of only 10. In hands so young Onde should occupy at least as large a space in our columns as heretofore. The only difference will be that the monotony of imbecility, broken only by some astounding crime, will be exchanged for the progress we have se repeatedly chronicled in the Ptumjaub.-Frieuzml of India, Fob. 14. CRYSTAL PALACE.-ONzE SmL,WG DAY, April 10.-Admissions on payment, 873; ditto by season tickets, 233; total visitors, 1,100. [Advertisement-]-New Works.-Messrs. Hurst and Blackett. successors to Mr. Colburn, wil shortly publish the followinc new works :-I. bemoirs of the Coon of the Regency, from original faimly documents, by the Duke of Buckingham and Chandos. KG.. kc., in 2 vols., wvith portraits. 2. Eastern Hospitals and English Nirses; the narrative of twelve mnonths' experience in the Hospitals at Koulali and Scutari. by a Lady Volunteer, in 2 Tole., With ilustrations, now ready. 3. A Summer in Northern Europo: includinu sXetchesin Sweden, Nor-ay, Finland, the Aland Isles, Gothland, da, by Seliaa Bunbury, in 2 roLs. 4. Joumal of Adventures with tni British Army in the Crimea, by G. Cavendish Taylor, late 95th Regiment, 2 rols., now ready. 5. Lake Ngami; or, Explorations and Discoveries during Four Years in the Wilds of South-Western Africa, by Charles John Andersson, in 1 vol, with upwards of 50 illustrations. 6. Travels in Persia, Georgia, Koordistan, -c., with sketches of the Cossacks and the Caucasus, by Dr. Moritz Wagner, 3 voes. 7. A New Story, entitled "John Halifax, Gentleman," by the author of " The Head of the Family," in 3 voLe. and also new noveLs by bfrs. GCre. birs. Trollope Miss Jewsbury, the author of " Emilia Wyndham," Sir Edward Beleher, Captain Chamnier, Ac. Hurst and Blekett. Pubrlsher, 13, Great Marlborough-street. Orders retived by all booksellers
P1ALIAAfENTARY INTLLIJGENVE. EOUSE OF LORDS, THuRSDAY, APML 10. The LORD CHAxCELLOR took his seat on the woolsack at 5 o'clock. THE ADMEMSTRATION OF OATHS TO SCOTCH JUDGES. Lord CAMPBELL rose to call their lordships' attention to a question which, though it might seem one merely of form, was really one of considerable importance. Two Scotch judges, the Lord Justice General and the Lord Justice Clerk, had been smnmoned to give evidence before the committee appointed to consider the ap. pelIate jurisdiction of their lordships' House, and a question had arisen as to where they were to be sworn. English judges were sworn at the woolsack, and he could see no reason why the oath should not be administered to the Scotch judges at the same place. The noble lord concluded by moving that the Lord Justice General and the Lord Justice Clerk should be sworn standing at the woolsack. Lord REDESDALE said that the difficulty in the way of the adoption of this course, was that the Scotch judges were not summoned to attend the Parliament as the English judges were. The LORD CHANCELLOR made some observations which were quite inaudible in the gallery. Lord CAMPBELL said that it was perfectly clear that the woolsack vas not in the house. When the Scotch judges attended to assist their lordships in the trial of appeals they always sat upon the woolsack. Lord EGLINTOUN could see no reason why Scotch judges should be treated differently from English ones. Lord MONTEAGLE hoped that if the Scotch judges were sworn at the woolsack the same rule would be' applied to Irish ones who had hitherto been sworn at the bar. The motion was agreed to; and the two Lords Justices were immediately called in and sworn standing at the woolsack. THE PROPOSED ROAD THROUGH ST. JAMES'S PARK. The Marquis of OLANRICARDE, in moving that a messagebe sentto the House of Conunons requesting themn to coinnunicate to this House the report of the Select Comimittee upon St. James's Park; and to ask if Her Majesty's Government had comie to any decision upon the adoption of the reconunendations contained in that report, took the opportunity of asking whether Her Majesty's Government had cone to any decision upon the adoption of the recommendations contained in that report. This report was by no means unanimou, for out of seven divisions three, if not four, had been decided by a majority of one only, and three by the casting vote of the chairnan. Hle had no objection to offer to the first three of those recommendations contained in the report, but to the last, which related to the removal of the Duke of York's column, and the cutting of a road from Waterloo-place down to the park was liable to very grave objections. The value of aU the houses on Carlton-terrace would be greatly diminished if this arrangement were carried into effect, and it must be remembered that those houses had not been built by speculation, butunder a specific engagement on the part of the CrowVn and Parliament. When Carlton-house was removed a plan was proposed for the erection of houses on the site, which was submitted to and approved by Parliament, and these houses were built under certain specific eDgagements with the Crown and with Parliament, one of which was the maintenance of the privacy which they now enjoyed, and another,that the gardens in front should always be preserved. These colnsiderations ought not, of course, to be allowed to stand in the way of any alteration which was likely to be beneficial to the public; bat the Board of Works would have acted more fairly had it stated th%.t those engagements did exist, and had laid the whole circumstances of the arrangement before the public. He certainly was astonished at the light and trivial manner in which the conmnittee had treated the question of the removal of the Duke of York's column. The Dnke of York was not only eminent from his illustrious birth, but he had performed great professional services to the Crowvn and the country. For 32 years he had filed the office of Commander-in-Chief, and the improvements which he had effected in the organization of our army during that time were numerous and important. The regret for his death was not confined merely to the circle of his friends, but was universally felt. All parties concurred in bearing testimony to the zeal and honesty which he had displayed in the discharge of the duties conimitted to him. Hemaintained thatwhenmonumentswereerected to eminent nmen they were not to be treated as lightly as so many lunpposts. Every nation possessed of the smaUest degree of civilization had always a respect for such monuments; and this particular monument having been erected after an agreement between the Crown, the inhabitants of the neighbourhood, and the subscribers, it must be regarded as a public monument. Not one of these considerations, however, seemied to have occurred to the committee of the other House. Undoubtedly, if the convenience or health of the inhabitants of the metropolis required the removal of any imonumnent, the considerations he had adverted to ought not toprevent its displacement. Indeed, if itwerenecessaryfor the health of this great town that an aqueduct should be carried under the dome of St. Paul's, then, however much he might regret the circumstance, the dead, however illUstrious, must give way to the living. As a matter of taste, would any man who had money to lay out set about removing the few columns and statues erected in London? (Hear, hear.) He was not now saying that this statue was a model of art, or that the pilar was the most perfect pilar in existence; but he did say that it was an ornamentto the town where it stood; and the idea of taking away the column and statue and making a sort of railway cutting through two high walls at the end of Waterlooplace was, as a matter of taste, most absurd, while the convenience to the public would be infinitesimal, the accommodation being nothing as compared with the money laid out. (Hear, hear.) Instead of removing this column, it would be much better to expend money to improve the end of Downing-street,. the state of which was a disgracto Parliament and the country. (Hfear.) He trusted that this matter would be reconsidered, and that the House off Lords would have a voice in it. Some of the suggestions of the committee were good and might be carried out, but he hoped that such a ridiculous plan as that he had adverted to would not be adopted. The Marquis of LANSDOWNE said that there could be, of course, no objection to the motion of the noble marquis, who had no occasion to apologize for bringing this subject under their lordships' consideration, as it was one of public interest to the population of this great metropolis. Subjects relating to the ornament of the metropolis and to the public convenience were by no means unimportant or undeserving not only of the attention, but of the very deliberate attention, of their lordships andthe country; and itwaswith a view to secure that deliberate attention that he couldstatethat no decision whatever had beentaken by the Government with respect to the extent to which the suggestions made by the committee of the House of Commons were deservingof being carried into effect. (Hear.) Cnder these ciremustances, he did not wish to go into any detailed consideration of the suggestions adverted to by the noble marquis. Speaking as an individual, and not as a member of the Government, he must say that, in regard to one of those suggestions, he agreed witi the noblemuarquis that a memorial erected some years ago to the memory of an illustrious individual whom they all respected, and which was then, together with an approach to the park by a broad and handsome square, much admired, should not be lightly disposed of or set aside, unless there was a certainty that a greater purpose of public utility and ornament would be effected (hear,hear) ; and he was one of those who very much doubted whether any ornament or purpose of public utility could be substituted equal to that which now existed. (Hear, hear.) The subject would receive the mature consideration of Government, and when a determination was arrived at it would be formally communicated to Parliament. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of ABERDEEN, as one of the members of tle conmnittee which erected the statue in question, could not help protesting against the manner in which it was proposed to deal with the monument. When the coluun was constructed it was considered as one of the greatest ornaments of the metropolis, and, independently of the object for which it was raised, a monument of this kind, considering how few such ornaments existed. ought not to be dealt with lightly. (Hear, hear.) But, when the whole of the British army, and the public m general, had contributed so liberally and with such cordiality to the erection of the monument, it became in a certain manner sanctified, so as to make its removal a matter of very serious consideration. (Hear, hear.) The noble marquis said he would not enter on the merits of the work, but he (Lora Aberdeen) would observe that the column was precisely of the same dimensions as Trajan's colummy at Rome, which had always been considered as a model of that description of art. The statue was the work of one of the first artists of this country, and he believed it deserveJ general admiration. Under these circumstances, he had heard wAith great satisfaction that the Government had not undertaken to comply with the reconmmendations of the c immittee of the Hfouse of Commons, but that the subjee was still under consideration. (Hear, hear.) He trusa d that tle expression of opinion in their lordships' house, v, ich he believed was shared in by the public generally, won; a tend to the preservation of that which was one of the most striking and beautiful objects in this metropolis. (Hlear, he t.) The Earl of MALTMESTi3B. .Y was glad that tlis subject had been brought forward by the noble marquis, in favour of whose view-s a great majL ity of that House would no doubt be found. He concurred ntirely in what had fallen from the noble earl with respee to what might be called the sentimental view of the case; Nut he thought that their lordshiups' attention should be callt A, at the end of a costly war, to the question of economy ii such matters. Casting his eye to certain proceedings in an ther place, he thought they were of a nature which must att -act the attention of every one interested in the future we'fare of the country, as they were indicative of a certain degi'e of recklessness as to the expenditure of the country at a moment when the outlay of every farthing on \vorks not positively necessary ought to be consideredXwith great care. The demand for this particular improvemient, as it was called, began in rather a singular manner. Camplaints were said to have been first made by the Belgravians, but he did not think that any meeting of great importance took place, or that any petition was presented to Parliament upon the subject. There was however a great pressure from a quarter powerful at all times, especially at present-he alluded to Tic Timn:s-which had very fairly and truly boasted of being the author of the improvements which were now contemplatea. A number of letters appeared in ihat journal, written, if not by one of the greatest, certainly by one of the largest anonymous writers of the day (a laugh), with the view probably of g iving rise to the notion that repeated applications on the subject had been received from various quarters. He did not object to those letters which advocated a passage from the north-east part of -tle town for the relief of the Belgravians, but, although be did not think it would be inconvenient to Her Majesty to have athoroughfare opened in front of thePalace, similar to that through the-Place du Carrousel in front of the Tuleiles, still, athoroughfarehavingbeenopenedbyM3arlborov&h. house, the Belgravians had, in his opinion, received all the relief they required, and they would in no way be benefitted by the removal of the Duke of York's colunmn Those persons who came to -Parliament by way of Regent-street would certainly have a cut across the park, bat he did not think- there would be 100 yards' difference between that passage and the present one by Charing-cross. The newspaners stated that the public required this alteration. l7uw, " public." like " arLstocracy," was a word of which they required a definition, but if it meant those persons who were not accustomed to drive in carriages he asserted that the public were to a man against the alteration. Their lordships must have noticed numberless children of small tradesmen and persons of that class, swarming like ants cver the narade opposite the Horse Guards, and none of the partensof those children wanted athoroughfare for carriages between the Dulce of York's column and Storey's-gate. EIe was therefore at a loss to know for whore convenience the alteration was to be made; and the 25,00L or 30,0001. which it would cost would be much better laid out in the improvement of Downing-street or the National Gallery. He felt, however, much relieved from his apprehensions with respect to this matter by the speech of the noble n:arquis. The Duke of NEWCASTLE thought that the plan to which allusion had been made in the public press for removing the block of houses between King-street and Parliament-street, and continuing the public offices from Whiteballto George-street, would not onlybean embellishment to the town, but one of the greatestimprovements with respect to our public departments ever undertaken by any Govern3ment. (Hear, hear.) There was another plan for removing the War Department and addingto the Ordnance Department which was not,he thought, so satisfactory, and hehoped no money would be spent upon it until it had been fully considered. He adhered to the opinion he had expressed before the Sebastopol Committee, that no alterations in the War Department would be effective wlich did not place all the military departments under one roof. In time of war it was most important to have the War Department in the immediate neighbourhood of the other departments, and he apurehended that some difficulty would be found in making frequent communications between a Secretary for War in P'all-mall and a Prime Minister in George-street. On economical grounds, also, the plan was unsatisfactory, as the money which would be expended in the purchase of valuable sites would almost defray the wrhole epense of the proposed alterationsinthe War Department. He had seen a statement that the architect for the iew WVar DepartmenZt projected inPall-malwas to beselectedbycompetition, while the erection of the public offices between Downing-street and George-street was to be intrusted to the ordinary architect of the Board of Works. WVithout expressing any opinion as to the advantages or- disadvantages of the system of competition, he thoug,ht it wvas as necessary to obtain the highest architectural talent for the one work as for the other. Lord PAN3URE said, it was certainly proposed that cerain buildings should be added to the old Orduanceoffice for the_purpose of accommodating, not the whole of the War Department, but all the civil jbranches of |that department, leaving all its military branches I a te Fore Guards. G:reat consideration had been to that plan, and he did not quite concur the noble duke in the opinion that the distance between the Prime Minister in Downing-street andthe WarDepartment in Pall-mall was so great that even in time of wvar communication betwveen them would be difficult. It -was the great obje6t of the Government to concentrate the various branches of the War Department u on some one point as soon as possible, and the Treasury d already sanctioned the purchase of the houses between the Carlton-club and the Ordnance Department, although no pan for the erection of the new building had yet been received He hoped. however, that whatever was to be done for the concentration of the different branches of the War Department would be done speedily. Earl GREY wished to express his concurrence in the opinion given by the noble duke relative to the inconvenience caused by the distance of the public offices froni each other. He agreed with hima also in thinking that it ought to be the policy of the Government to concentrate the public offices betwreen the Horse Guards and the Houses of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) There was space on that piece of ground to bring together all the Goverument departments by degrees, and he therefore thought that it would not be desirable to incur a large expense in adding to the Waroffice in Pall-malL The ground in PaL-mall was far more valuable for private than public purposes, and it would be more economical as well as more convenient to brine all the Government offices together. (Hear, hear.) He hopea that the scheme now in contemplation vould be reconsidered, although the noble lord at the head of the War Department was right in saying that there w.-as a pressing necessity to bring the War Department together. (Hear.) The Earl of CALRNARVON said thattheir lordahips could not but feel great satisfaction at the unanimity which had characterized the short discussion which had taken place. (Hear.) (He was gratified to hearthat the members of the Government had not yetmadeuptheir mindsonthissubject, and he trusted they would reconsider the propositions of the select committee. The onlv schenie for a road across the par'k that seemed likely to'be satisfactory was that for a road from .all-mall to Buckidgham Palace. The road from Waterloo-placeto Storey's-gate wasliable togreat objections, whether the column wereallowed to stand or to be removed. It wasalsoaquestionwhether itwas justifiable thus to remove public monuments which were erected by public subscription with the consent of the law or of the Crown. The effect of a deep cutting would be most unsiahtly. It ought also to be considered that the road between the column and Storey's-gate would ran parallel with the range of public offices and under thewindowsof gentlemenwhowere engaged for the greatest part of the year in the transaction of public business. They would thusbe exposedto the rol of heavy and continuous traffic during the day, which in itself constituted a serious objection to the construction of a road at this point. He agreed very much with the noble earl (Ialmesbury) that this question had not yet been very fairly argued. He believed that the question was really between those who were rich enough to afford cabs aud those who were content to walk. He was glad the question was to be reconsidered, because the Government, in consulting the convenience of a single class, might be intrenching upon the enjoyments and recreation of the labouring classes of the community. (Hear, hear.) Lord KUl;NIAIRD said that MIr. Nash's original plan provided for the construction of iron gates at the steps of the Duke of York's column, but this was objected to by His Majesty. He thought the removal of the column to a spot a short distance ftom its present site would add to its effect. The Mfarquis of LANSDO'V1TE was anxious, before the conversation terminated, to express his own opinion, and he believed the opinion of the Government also as to the immense advantage that would accrue to the public, setting aside the mere question OL ornament, from the concentration of every official department in that space which conimenced at the Horse Guards and ended at Palace-yard. (Cheers.) He doubted whether in this or any other metropolis in the world there was a space so small as that circumscribed byLthe park on one side, the Houses of Parliament and the river and bridges on the other, in which so much public advantage, public ornamnent, public convenience, and, ultimately, of public economy might be combined as in the skilful arangement by a judicious architect of the public offices on this spot. (Hear.) The concentration of the Goverument offices in this space might be made to form one of the finest features and grandest approaches which this or any other metropolis could produce. (Cheers.) CAVALRY AN?D ART=ThERY HORSES IN THE CRIMEAk. The Earl of MATMEESBJRY wished to put a question to Her Majesty's Government in reference to the return tothis country of the cavalry and artillery horses from Turkey and the Crimea. A report was current which led him to ask the Secretary for War whether it was intended that the nien of these two services should return to this country during the present month, and that their horses should be sold either in the Crimea or in Turkey? If the report were true, he could not help observing that such an intention would be very derogatory to the military reputatiOn of the country. They all knew what was meant by giving up a fortress with the honours of war. But if cavalry and artillery were in a fortress, and they were not allowed to leave it with their horses, they would feel as our army in the Crimea must feel if they were not allowed to return in all the panoply of war. There were other considerations which rendered such an act very undesirable. There were some very valuable horses now in the Crimea, and some horses that the regiments of cavalry had brought from India ; aud if they were sold to the Russians, they would be represented tothe people of that country as trophies won bytheRussians Ifrom us. f they returned home without their horses the cavalry and artillery would not be mounted properly dithin two years. They would have to be furnished with horses three or four years old, and at the end of the usual period it would be necessary to substitute a great proportion of young horses for them. He did not consider a cavalry soldier more than half a soldier when he was dismounted. If the cavalrywererecalled from a distantcolony and their horses were sold before embarking no reflection could attach to them, but it was a very different thing when troops were peturning from a field of battle. (Hear, hear.) Of course, if the re,port were true, it must be a question of economy-it must be to save the cost of transporting these horses from the Crimea to this country. But, as far as his knowledge went of the price at which horses could be sold out there, and the price at which they could be bought here, he did not see how more than S,0001. or 100,0001. would be saved, and he did not think it worth while, at the end of a great war hkethis, in which we had been almost completely successful, to run the ris',;f being jeered by foreign nations, who were g,reat military nations,and of being put to greatinconvenience hereafter in our own service by such a proceedine as had been spoken of, and with regard to which he begged to ask the noble lord at the head of the War Department .hether it was contemplated or not? (Hear, hear.) Lord PAIsdURE was not aware of the report to which the noble earl had alluded, with reference to the disposal of the cavalry and artillery horses in the Crimea instead of bringing them back to this country. But he was somewhat surprised to hear the noble earl, who had been taldng of economy with reference to the question which had just been discussed, wholly ignore the consideration of economyin this matter. As this war had been conducted with an expenditure which the country never grudged while it was in progress, be thought it the duty of the Government, upon bringing the war to a termination, to study economT as far as-was consistent with honour. (Hear.) There was no point upon-which economyturnedsomuch as uponthe transport of the horses of the army. From calculations made, upon the supposition that no more transports would be required than were already in the Black Sea, he found that the expense of bringing the horses home would be 471. per horse. If, on the other hand, transports were sent from this country to bring home all the horses of the cavalry and artillery, the expense would be 67?. per horse. Takinginto accountthe pice at-which horses coldbe purchasedinthiscountry,their lordships would perceive that there would be considerable economy in makiing a judicious selection of the horses to be brought home. Hie quite agreed that care should be taken that we left the enemv's country with all the honours of war attendant upon our arms; but he could see noinjury from rarting with such horses as were found unnecessary to bring home, and he could set no difficulty in replacing those horesewhen the cavalryor artillery, towhichever force they belonged, arrived in this coiutry. The system of monnting the cavalry had been changed. We no longer bou h, yonng horses. It was found to involve a false economy, because by the time a three-year-old horse was trainehand growa fitfor servica it was more expensive than buying a five or six-year-old horse at once. As far as he was informned, the difficulty of formg a cavalry regiment did not consst mn the training of the horse, but in the training of the men. Horses of five yeans old were very speedily trained, and he was quite certain, within a year after the dismounted cavalry arrived in this country vwith the horses already retained, they vwould have as good a. force as was now in the Crimea. Indeed, after the great loss of horses sust4ained in the winter of lS1t and the spring of 1855 old horses only were bought, and the caalry were remounted in a superior manner. Re could assore the Rouse, and he could assure the pulblic wiho were interested in this question, that, whatever arrangements were come to, all care should be taken not to part wth valuble horses which would he of uss when brought horne, and that all care should be taken that in parting with any horses the honour of the army andof this count should be duly consulted. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of MAIMESBURY understood the noble lor& to say the Government did not intend to have a general sale of all the horses. Lord PANMURE assented. They did not intend to have a general sale. THE AINEEATION, OF OIUDE The MarquisofCLANRICARDEsaid that in the proclamation published by the Governor-General of India for the annexation of Onde no reference -whatever was miado to any other treaty except the treaty of 1801. But there was a treaty in 187. At least there was a treaty drawn up and executed, and he wished to ascertain whether that was a valid treaty. It appeared that the treaty was ratified, except as regarded a payment exacted of the King of Onde, which was remitted, upon consideration, by the Government at home. He wished to ask Her Majesty`s Government what course was pursued by the Court of Directors of the East India Company with reference to the treaty concluded by the Governor-General of India with the King of Oude in lS37 ? The Duke of ARGYIL said, it was perfectly true the tieaty referred to 'was ratinied bythe Governor-General, but it was disallowed by the home Government, aud therefore, as a whole, the treaty was not ratified. In the year 1838 this document, among other papers relating to the kingdom of Oude, was moved for in the Rouse of Commons and the answer was that no such treaty existed. The production of the paper was refused by the Government,upontheground, as stated by Lord Glenelg, that no such treatywas in existence. The noble lord would not ex eat him to enter into the reasons for the disalowance ofthe treaty, as they would soon be called upon to discuss the whole juestion, on which occasion he hoped that the noble marquis (Dalhousie), the late Governor-General of India, would be in his place. The Earlof ELLENlBOROUGH said that, although this treaty was not laid upon the table of the House of Commons when its production was moved for, it appeared among the treaties which were officialy laid before the House when it was about to consider the renewal of the East India Company's charter. The treaty of the year 1837 contained two totaUy different stipulations, and the only one which was disallowed was that 'which referred to the payment by the King of Oude of 160,0001. for the establishment of a new military force to be officered by Europeans. The other and mnost important stipulation was that contained in the 7th article, which modified the 6th article of the treaty of 1801-the article upon which the late Governor-General relied for his justification of the extraordinary step which he had taken. The 7th article of the treatyof 1837 stated that bythe 6th article of the treaty of 1801 no remedy was provided, and it therefore modified that article by stipulating that if the ling of Onde should not succeed in producing order and giving good government to his subjects British officers should be introduced into the country to administer the government, and the surplus of revenue over the expense of the administration should be handed over to the King of Oude. This stipulation was not affected by the refusal of the East India Com to ratify that which referred to the embodiment of te military force: and it therefore appeared to him that the treaty of 1837 vas goodto the extent of modifying the treaty of 1801 upon the very point on which the late Governor-General relied for his justification. The Duk-e of ARGYLL explained that the colection of treaties to which the noble earl (Ellenborough) had referred was sent home from India; and that it was by an error that the treaty of 1837 was incilded in it. The Earl of EILLNBOltO1UtGH did not wish to make any motion upon the subject, but he hoped that the Government would at once lay before Parliament the papers relating to the annexation of Oude, in order that their lordships might understand the grounds upon which that step had been taken. Lord BROUGHITON said that his opinion coincided with that of the noble earl (Elenborough), that it was only the money part of the treaty, relating o the pa ent of troops, 'which was disallowed at home. Be had a long correspondence, both public and private, with LordAucklailnd upon this subject, and his impression wras that the treaty 'as ratified by the Government of India after the disallowance of that portion of it. He hoped that when the discussion of the annexation of Onde came on the noble viscount the commander-in-chief (Lord Hardinge) would find it convenient to be present; because it happened that while the noble viscount was Governor-General of India he had an interview with the King of Onde at Lucknow, and threatened himn with the consequences of his continued misgovernment. Lord ElLENBOROUGH said, it was evident that the correspondence between the Court of Directors and Lord Auckland, while that noble lord was Governor-General of India, and also the despatch in which the noble viscount the commander-in-chief informed the home Government 'what occurred at the interview between himself and the King of Onde, must belaid upon the table. The Dulke of ARGYLL said thatthe papers relatingto the annexation of Onde were being printed, and would be laid upon the table immediately. Re thought that the recollection of the noble baron (Lord Broughton) must be at fault, because he found that when these papers were moved for in the year 1838 the answer returned from the Board of Control was, "There has been no treaty concluded with the present King of Oude which has been ratified by the Court of Directors with the approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India. The Mrarquis of CLAWRICARDE did not fnd that in the collection of treaties to which he had referred there was a statement of the ratification of any of the treaties included in it. That the collection had been sent home from India seemed to him to make it more certain that the treaty of 1837 was in existence. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH requested the noble duke (of Argyll) to inquire whether there existed any records of the pecuniary transactions with the King of Onde in which he (Lord Ellenborough) was concerned. At the time thathe wnsgreatlyin wantof money to bring back the British troops from Affghanistan, he applied to the King of On6d and other native princes for loans. From the King he obtained a sum of, he thought, 100,0001.; and, although all the other princes were repaid,he didnot know ;whether this debt was discharged. The subject was then allowed to drop. TRlUAL OF OFFENCES BILL. On the motion of the LORD CHANCELLOR, the Commons' amendments to this bill were agreed to. Their lordships then adjourned at a-quarter before 7 o'clock.
HOUSE OF COOMONS, THursDAY, AriLi 10. The SPEAK&x took the chair at 4 o'clock. Mr. R. P. NisBETT took the oaths and his seat for Chippenham. Lord JOHNT RUSSELL presented a petition from Joseph Bentley in favour of a system of national education. Petitions again-st State education were presented by Mr. CROSsLEY, from the representatives of more than 100 congregations of Independent Dissenters assembled at Hudderstield; from the Yorkshire amiliaryof the Congregational Board of Education; from Protestant Dissenters of Ash, in Kent; from the inhabitants of Ash; and fromn the Protestant Dissenters of Lytchett Msinster; bylMr. BALENES, from a public meeting at Crosby-hall; from the Board of Congregational Ministers in and about London and Westminster; from the inhabitants of Glossop ; and from the congregation at Edgeworth, near Bolton; by Mr. LEE, from the congregation of Protestant Dissenters of Week-street Chapel, Mfaidstone; by Mr. BAnEs, from congregations of Independent Dissenters at Queen-street Chapel, Leeds; at Narshall-street Chapel, Holbeck;. and at Stanniingley; and from the congregation of Baptist Dissenters, at Brtduey; by Mr. BaROTRTON, from How-street Chapel, Plymouth; and from Pembroke-street chapel, Devonport; by hMr. HADr{ELD, from the ministers and congregations of the followring places in Or near Sheffield :-FullwPood chapel, Loaley chapel, lether chapel, Moount Zion, Queen-dctreet, Howard-street,Lee Croft, and Eyre-street chapels,e and from. 15 schoolmasters in the eamne borou,gh;- also, from the ministers and congregations of Salemchapel, YorX,the Baptist chapel, Rotherham; and Harles'on chapel, Norfelk; also (40) from the following :-Frothe Congregational Board of Protestant Dissenters, Old Gravel-streec, Hackney; Committee of British Schools, Wilts; Protestant Dissenters, Deal; Tarporley, Cheshire; Deptford; Cohie; Clayton; the Cheshire Baptist congregation; Protestant Dissenters, Bramshott, and six other places: Winchcombo; Smalley, Derby - UJxbridge; Sandwich; lSntton Bennington, West Norfolk; Otley, Suffolk; Sway, liants; Bridlington; Rickmnansworth; Twerton,near Bath; Hemel Hempstead; Bunwash;- Welshampton. Salop; Woodstock; Stoinvarket; Wesleyans of Great Ellingham, Norfolk; inhabitants of South Stoke and Goring, Oxon; Ramsey, Hunts; RocIland, Norfolk; Bowen Lines; the Sundayscehool Union, and female teachers of North B,eds; from the Wesleyan and Baptist Sunday-schools of Great. EUlingham; Haddiston-hill; from inhabitants of EXst-end, Fiinchicy; and from the WesternKent Sunday-school Union; by Mr. D.iNBY SE;YsouIR7 from Poole; by Mr. KEERSLAW, from the Protestant Dissenters of the Tabernacle, Stockport; b,f Mr. IasnsA.Y, from the Primitive ethodist chapel, North Shields; by Mr. MOODY, from a eongregation at South Petherton; and one from the Bath and Wells Diocesan Board of Education; by Mr. IKULL (66), from Protestant Dissenters at Skelty, near Swansea; Masham, Pulham St. Mary's, Cloughfold, Brassington, Wootton, Duffield, Bethersdon, Lyndhurst, 3filford, IJeopham. Keysar, Brighton, WVidcombe, Rye, Shepton Mallett, I&alely, Cambridge-road, Mile-end; Patney, Hinckley, South Shields, Isle of Portland, Oldham, Buckland St. NfMry, Steventon, Freshwater, Broadstairs, Lumb-in-Rossendale,jvash, Blackfield, Ickford, Ripley, Amersham, Bayford, Churchover, flil-end, Hertfordshire; Callingworth, slarsley, Kington, Needham Market, Occold, White Colne, Stebbing. :SOuthk Ockendon, Denholm, Brockenhurst, Tetbury, Titslc-8sh1. inhabitants of Combs; from Baptists of Great Griusby, Queniborough, Sheepshed, SouthweLl,Avening,Wgoodlht-hter Hatherleigh, Great Gidding, Devonshire-square, Cielnsilord. Toddington. Great Elingham, Bourn, [derne Min%-
TOST,. in its lgtrt ugh the Post-ofraoe, a ]a dbuGySuEoR)lETTE"M, addreased to "Captain John T:M0_ oes- J. W., 47,5~~r ,~Bp~o rln W-. - 47.56s. ; ebruary n, 156, .- I J., ` er99I, £5 Jnuary4. 1lS56 , .T.R_.-*X, 90.Janluary 9. I816 J. X., 33~M 910, Yebrum, 185I Whoever wi restere the same to the nuder,jed aslall eberag . j 3REARDED. ersons A a eqes7lited rot to taethe above aotes Ms _the hae been stopped at the Znsitheu st Chippend'ale, la. hnsteta, Adephil . . rPANISH FIXNANCIAL CMISION.t 30th instant wiliNeT e aot dIs Th Aprl TION of th :FOREIGN oEDEEfAB DEBT, for the pu- ose 2.250-00 reales bays been assigned byWhe Go0ernment eril b I n xiutted at the Spanish Co o uti the 1stbe ist.- t oden bouseyard, April 10, 1oken. TbENNSYLVANIA CENITRAL KRILIROAD~ SIX for exnation ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ o T uer CENT. CONVER0PORATINE E ILI. -n The - Guihlt to receive oDmmunications in reference to th. Bilm O1 before a ARiT d nentt-Apeil 10.1t, o Poy the GOCENORl ofd rST peJRACnt tud 1St Bo yors, neoI;atdiehoug T. WGentle dCme winbePADont Tor Bexntio retun, you my sincere thanfor having tM COMMITTEE deof I~VERYNA wice sint your a. Gul toreceive ommunicaton inmrefe to state that I enter Bmll ohe before Paritha dtexinat-dio 10.1l hehoou Juare done zne To dthergin G themS ofith the utmost zEOeGrit and Sth. 6 st myS - I yave the honoLa to be. my Lords. lies, and Gentlemen, Your obefflentse,rrnt,,,. . lVII,TA7ef 0. zPISIIf- D. 16.B tomretrn. Pormysnqucre Apriln or6. vg To the PROueto ETheo of PhST ccIceA tyorCIL Ladtes and Gentlemen, zXTE beg to offer ou our grateful acknowledgments V3 for thehonour yunhave co bifenred us br -lectigus ito the Direction. Tnrsting that the Proprietors will ever fad us deserring of the con. fidenee tey have repoeed in us, Wece hae the honour to be, Iadies and Gentlemen. Your most obedient and very humbleservant, J. H. ASTEILL IL X&CNAGHTiN. ROSS D. MNGLES. East ndin liouse, April10, 1856. CHARLES SMILTH . TD BENJAMI N 'WBSTEI, : hly Dear Sirsq TFiSnd in The Times of This day that, ip your a dvertiement on the enlargetnent of the Adephi Theatre, you describe thatpropervyas the onlyfreehold theatre in London, Ifeel it due to pSsd E. therefore as a m mderstandin on this pont might aetmein busness-toorrect thiunintentUonal error by informing you, tbrough the sawme medium, that the Greatt NationalStandad Trheatre, whiuchis my propertr, is also freehold. VoMais s atruly.L, Standard Theatre, April IC, 186'. JOH DOUGLA'SS TJER MAJESTY's THEATRE.-I± is respectfully EL announced thaxt HerMa eby'sTheatrewill lIE-OPEN Tearlym Mtfay. Engagements of great nteres have been eSrected both in Oper nd Ballet, and the best exerton used to make the arrangements rorthyof the occasion, The prospeetuswillshortlybe issued. Tieo ubseribess and friends of Her 3r&jests Theatre, who feel an interest in the success of this great establishment, are respectfuDyinmited to forwrard early intimation of their intention to aul,cribe. The saon wrill con6ist or 30 nights, nt leeflprice will be asfollow .-Pit boxes, 120 to 156 guinea;s* grand tier. 180 ta 250 guineas . one pair, 120 to 150 guinelas; two Imir, 75tolOOguLineas; pitatal!s,25guineas. The boxofice is novw open. P OYAL ITALAN OPBRA-Mr. GYE eg I most respectfullyto announce that ho will. during the Vresent ean, give the OPERA at the LYCEUM THEATRE. The sub. ac riptionL wlt be for 40 nights, commencing on Tuesday next, April 15, wvithVerdi's new grand opera, IL TROVATOllE. The box-ice ofEthe theatre, inTellington-street, is openfrm 10t1i 5 odlock2 DBY-L$NE.~~~-Rnzlish Oper.-In consequence D of 'he exacting nature of Ti Trovxattre. thia o, notv;ithstand. ing the inCreaSed enthusiasm withwvhich it tsreceivedonwsh eyeninR. can only be preented four times a week.- H ES EVENING (Friday). TE BO MIIdIAN GIRL. Arline (second time), Miss Dyer; Queen of the Gililes, Miss Fanny Reeves; Thaddeus, Mr. Henry HaighFlorestein, Mr. Manvers; Dev2l3hoof, Ar. Henri Dhaytou; Count Arnheim. Mr. Diurud. &e. To-morrow (Saturday). 31 Trovatore ; or, The GIssy's Vengeance. Lucy lEscott, Kiss Fanmny Huddart, Miss Dser, Wr. Augustus Brahai, Mhr. Henry Haigh, Mr. Manvess, D3r. Henri Drayton. Mr. Duand, Mr. S. Champion. Sc. To be followed each evening with a grand ballet diverthssement. entitled THE ENCHANTED GARDEN: Miss Lees, Mr. Farmer, and the numerous Corps de Ballet. Reduced price as usmal-stals. 4. *dreu circle, . irst eircle and pit ; rcir nd amphitheatre, s THEATRE ROYAL, AY31ARKET.-THIS3 EVENNG. and To-morrowr (Saturday), the new and succesful comedy of THEI} EVIL, GENIUS. AfterwhichtherenownedSpanish Dancer, Perea Yena. with Manuel Perez, and a new Company of Spaniards, will appear in the newp ballet antomime of EL GAXBUSINO; or, The MUexican Goldeseer. And by desire To-ni ht. To-morrow (Saturday), and on Monday and Tuesday next, LESD MrE FIVE SHEILINGS. hlr. GoDghtly Ibis original character). Mr. Puckistone. With the asic arce of T E POSThI S KNOCK. iROYiT PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THIS VENI3 I(Friday), A WONDERFUL WOMUN: FAUSN AND MARGUERITE; and A PRINCE FOR AN HOUR. Tomorrow (Saturday), The Corsican Brothers; The Victor Vanquished and A Prince for an Hour. TTUHEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Novelty and k Attraction.-Great Hit.-The new Adelphi drama. Like and Unlilze, every evening, in which Mr. B. Webster, Mr. Wright, and Madame Celeste wil appear.-Last Nights of the Royal Burlesque and Comic Pantoemime.-THIS EVENING. the highlysurcesesfu new Adelphi dramna in two acts, caDed LIKCE AND UNlLIKE. vith new scenery. dresses, ac. Characters by Mr. B. Webster. Mr. Wright. Mr. P. Bedford, Mr. Charles Selby, Mr. Garden. Madame Celeste, MlssWyndbam, Ac. And last night but oneof the grand burlesque and comic Pantomime of JACK AIND THE BRAN 8TALK; or, Hlarlequin and Mother Goose at Home Again. Jack and Harlequin, Madame Celeste: Mother Goose and Columbin e, Miss Wgdham (wW performed by command before Her 3aiesty and the Royal y). FHEATRE LOYs SDRs-WELL. F 3;ast night of thbaietia.ine lTis Cushman, in bet extraordinary repeettoofMgNrle omro(8ndyJ In consequence of h0udreds betag nightly nnable to obtain ndmslon to see the greatest act-ress of the age, the .Manager reuests that IN TH grand drama OF L Y OS and nig tivelythe last time but one) ilanchies bet burlesque. THEl IlVISIBLE PerfCE Mr. ne d Mh s Charle Dildon, of the Theatres Roal, nchester, b Ediburgh, Dblin. b crW l, lappear on Monday April 21. in the drama of Bedphegor. Boxes, 3@. and 2s.; pit, IB.,. gallery, 6d. R°YSIJREYTHEATRE.-HOW WE: LWEYk WYTVORLtD OF LONDON. This great secret is nightly disclosed. Fifth appearanc uE ngado tn.Rn0.nha incredible performa3nces have been pronounced by the lEmperorNapoleon to be most unprecedented, brilliant, and vondcrfuL] 7"OYAL MARYLEBONE THEATRE.-THIS X E:VENtG (Friday), for the BENEFIT of Mr. CHAL1F3 MATHEWS, andthe last night of his engagement and or hisperform. ug in three pieces-THE GREAT GUD TRICK. The Vizard of tha S. S.W.. Mlr. Charles hMathews. After which, PATTER VEIISUEJ CLATTER. Captain Patter. Mr. Charles Mathews. To be followed by COOL AS A CUCUMBER. Plumper. Mr. Charles Matbews. To conclude with KATHERINE AND PERItUCHIO. Boxes, 2s.; Pilt, I. ;gallery. 6d M r. E. Stirling, Stage Manager. REAT NATIONALs STANDARD THEATRE.- ~2 proprietor. Mr. JFohn Douglase.-Enagagemeut of Miss Glyn, Mlr. H. Marteon, and Miss3 Rebecca Iesenas-THIS EVENING, the play of AN'rONY AND Cl:EOPA^TRA (unparalleled in hibrionic peantry) Antony. hfr. H. arstou (of the Theatre Poyal e Sa-w 'vl)' Cleopeata Miss Gyn Mliss Itebeeccasases wi also appear in opera. 0YAL 5010 THATRE.-Open every Evening. .Li t-M. Winier, having been received with enthusiasm by a house crov;ded to the celling. wil repeat Othello TO-NIGHT. Ana the screamling farce of PrS. JONES. in which Mr. Mowbray and lise Helen Love will appear. Stalls, ha: boxes, s.; -pit, Ls Half-prios at 9-stalls, i.; boxes, Is.; pit. C To-morrow, Tho School for Scandal anod a Farce. ~ / DRURY-LANE.-ENGLIS1 OPERA. Under the Mlanagement of Hess. J. H. Taly aud F.ingsbury. THIS EVENING. THE BOHEMIAN' GIR.I Characters by Miss Dyer. liss F, Reeve, bIr. EH Haigh, Mr. Manvers, hlr. H. Drayton, MIr. Durnd. Ac. To conclude with TIHE ENCHAITED GARDEN. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYSMAItT. Under the M1anagement of Mr. Buckstone. THIS EVENING, THE BVIL GENIUS. By Messrs. BuckstoRe. Compton: 3Misses Reynolds, Swanbonough.k^e Alter which EL GAMUSIn;O or. The IMexinin Goldoeecker. To be folUowed by LEND PE FIVE SHILLINGS. To conclude with THE POSTMANS KNOCK. ROYAL PRINCESS' THEATRE. lUnder the Mlanagement of Mr. Charles Kean. THIS EVENING will be presented A WONDERFUL WO tAN. After which, FAUST AND MARGUEP.RITE Merhistophiles, by Mr. C.Qean. To conclude with A PR}NCE1 -OR A HOUR. THEATRE ROYA1, ADELPH. Proprieto, Mr. B. Webster; Directressr, adame Ceesate. THIS EVENING will be presented LIKE AND UNLI;E, Cho, racters by Mlesss B. Webiter, WrViht. P. Bedford, C. Selby. Garden. Moreland, Henry; Madame Celesteo Miss Wyndham.MlissLaidlaw, h, To oonclude with JACIK AND THE BEAN STALK. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. I.ese, Mr. Alfred Wigan. THIS EVN'ING will be presented STILL WATERS P.UX DEEP. John bidimay, Mr. A. Wigan: lrs. Hector Sternhold, M Btirling To cwncludewithTHE DISCREET PRlINCE3S. Charceby Mes F. Robson,Eanesy. Dani7ers. H. Cooper,White, CJilton: 31iaeeJulia St. George Ternean,arston, KaakeThand Stophens. CommenD e at jpt 7 TEATRE BOYA, SADLER'8-WLLS. Under the Management of M:r. Geore A. Webster. THIS EVENING will he presented THE COURIER OF LYONS. Characters by lessrs. B F. Edgar, Barrett, Swan, Cooke: Mesdamees Young, M ten. M. Oliver H. Gordon, &-c. After which, THE INVISIBLE PRIN'CE: or. alkand of TranqUl Deliphts. To conclude writh other Entertainments. ROYAL SURREY THFATRX Lessees, Mess^r. Shepherd and Cnresick. THIS VENG will be presented HOW Wl IE IN THE. WFORLD OF LONDON. Charactrshy Mesre. Shepherd, C.a Calrert. J. H.P.ickads,l Widdloosub.c,; Misses Marrott, B. Sanders. &c. POSTM£AN'SE OCK. Tro ctonlude withtes£ TUEHUEN. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE, Lessee and Manager, Mr.W. Cooke. TM VNIG ilb e THIE AR"R OF THE lDMIMTA-ND1 SZBw' iS !TIZF STEED?. Alter whidc, the Scenes in the Circle, Ac. To conclude with THE GRAND SPRIh' MIETING AND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE TO CORRESPOh'DENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the nrIce of vhi Times is reduced to 4d., and that ;a is the price of a copy with the impresed stamp affixed. 'Under the armended regulations of the Pofft.offlce (No. 60) The Timm is 1Fanxliible by poft to British colonies and foreign countries without 3a impressed stamp. Ne notios cAn be taken of anonymous communiaMtons. Whatever is intended for insertion mnst be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected conmmunication. SrThte Pblcation of TnygTreac ommenced at 5 o'clockreserdy =moring, and aishbed at a quarter to IL,
ZOWNDOZN, FRIDAY, APRI h 1856. ln the House of Lords y&sterday, The MIarqtiis of CLNIUOCXDE, m movinz for a copy of the report of the committee of the Rou.e of Commons. on the propoed improvement. in St. J~amee's Park;, criticized the recommendations of the committee, aepecially condemning the contemplated removal of the Duke of YoFnI's Column, orde
The Emperor AITELANDER has issued his Manifesto on the conclusion of the war. It is hardly necessary to criticize strictly such a document. Even nations more advanced than the Russians canl ill bear to acknowledge defeat, or that they have deserved to be defeated. It is natural to expect that the new ErEr.BoR of such a people should represent the great events of the last three years in the manner most consonant with the pride of his subjects and the preservation of his own authority. The original cause of the war will be ascribed to his opponents, or to the unforeseen nature of events. His nation, he will urge, did not desire war, and is sincerely gratified at the return of peace. The real objects of the conflict he will declare to have been gained. Every disaster will be explained away,-every success will be magnified into a triumph. There is nothing to be wondered at in all this. If meant only for circulation among his own subjects, we slhould have no concern with the Manifesto of the CZAR; but, as it will be translated into many languages and read in every part of Europe, there are some points on whicl -we are bound to remark. The qualities ascribed to the late Emperor NICHOLAS are such as a son and successor may with grace deem his father to have possessed. But when the late Monarch, who was the sole cause of the war, is said to have been a " stranger " to all interested views," and only anxious to protect the rights of his own Church, it is necessary at once to record a protest against the assumption. We fully admit that the (zar NICHOLAS never thought that the MENSCmKOFF mission would end in war. He did not expect, he did not wish. he was not prepared for an armed Xconflict: but it is no less true that his acts were ! directed to the aggrandizement of his own empire, and not to the improvemeiit of the Ottoman State. Those who would persuade us of the Cz&R's disinterestedness must think that we have forgotten history. Scarcely any war with Turkey has been commenced by a ruler at St. Petersburg without the condition of the Rayahs being b:ought forward as among the causes of justification. Yet one province after another has been wrested from the Turks, and the world has seen the addition of Greeks, Armenians, Tartars, and Circassians to the Russian empire, as the real result of contests commenced nominally in behalf of the Christians throughout the East. In the late complications NIcHoLAS, although he did not look for war, wvas fully sanguine of success and solid advantage. He thought that Turkey was exhausted and France and England necessarily hostile to each other. Austria he had benefited and Prussia he ruled through her Eing. His armies had 40 years before fought their way to Paris, and all that constant and minute discipline could effect had been employed to perfect them since that time. The provinces which he sought to make his own were remote from the sea, separated from the rest of Turkey by a great river, and guarded towards the East by some of his strongest fortresses. He was the leader of the European Kings, and it -was difficult to believe in their opposition, much less in their armed resistance. Re therefore took the fatal step which plunged hisempire into war and. misfortune, wore out his own powerful mind and colossal frame, and brought him brokenhearted to the grave. Never, indeed, did a Monarch suffer so speedily the penalty of ambition. All the reputation, all the friendships of 30 years, were lost at once. Even the old legitimists of Europe, whose respect he valued most highly, wyere compelled to turn against him. When, during the lull of the struggle before Sebastopol, he passed from the world, he had not a political adherent among the statesmen of Europe; and even his own MVinisters wvere bold enough to tell him of their disquiet and their fears. So little can ALExAwDEn justify even to Russians the policy of their late ruler. It is excusable, however, in him to palliate his father's misdeeds, and the same maybe said of his attempts to depreciate the successes of the allies. Re says, what may be true, that his soldiers and people showed themselves worthy defenders of their country during a terrible conflict. "The enemy," he observes, " has "been driven back from the coasts of Siberia, and "from those of the Vhite Sea, as well as from the "ramparts of Sweaborg." Certainly an Englishman may be provoked to remark that we were not repulsed from Sweaborg, bnt retiredonlyafter having destroyed all that our mortars could reach and all that rendered the place worth holding. Vhen the British Admiral at his leisure steamed away the batteries of the fortress defended nothing but smoking ruins. It may also be observed that nothing but the ice of the W7hite Sea compelled our evacuation of that inclement inlet, and that, if the first attack on Petropaulovsli failed, the victorious enemy, instead of waiting a renewed attack, demolished his own town and hid his fleet on shore. The allied fleets have visited every village on the shores of the Sea of Azoff; they have compelled the abandonment of every Circassian fort; they have twice had Odessa at their mercy; our flags float over Krertch and Kinbum; the whole Russian fleet in the Black Sea, down to steam-tugs and gunboats, is destroyed. In the Baltic we have been for months within sight of Cronstadt, and the Russian fleet was every day braved by a small advanced squadron of British vessels. These comments, however, are almost beside the matter. The proclamation is that of a M11onarch speaking to his people; and, if their feelings are soothed by a softening down of painful facts, they are welcome to the opiate. We may with more pleasure turn to the future. T11e CZAR declares that he has consented to naval limitations and territorial charges "to dispel the "very idea of ambitious views or projects which "might be attributed to us." He speaks of. the "advantages promised by the tranquillity of the "empire," and "the destinies which it has pleased "GOD to intrust to us." Unless these are merely words of course, they indicate a purpose, or at least a pretence, of favouring for the futuire the arts of peace, and labouring to increase Russian greatness by the improvement of what has been gained rather than by the acquisition of more. We will not at present distrust their sincerity. We wvill believe that the new E3xPaoR. and his counsellors have reflected on the disasters of the State, that they have recognized how impossible it is for an empire in this age to trample on the rights of any member of the European community; how vulnerable their own territory is, in spite of its vast extent, its pathless solitudes, and its dreary climate. If the EMiF.Ror sees these things as they appear to all men beyond the limits of Russia, he will assuredly change the system which his father established by 30 years of toil. It may be, how. ever, that a Sovereign at St. Petersburg may retain his purposes of aggression, and yet think other means necessary for their accomplishment. He may seek for strength in the development of agriculture, the birth of manlfactures, the working of mines, the construction of railroads, canals, and telegraphs. Re may loolk on these peaceful works as the surest basis of military power. But in this the natural course of things will disappoint him. By giving his subjects these appliances of domestic progress he will destroy the warlike instincts of a semi-barbarous race. The more he labours to makle his country rich and powverful, the more unwillingness will he find in the people to use their wealth and acquirements for the purpose of aggression. Whether it be the result of the CzAa's principles or his policy, we shall rejoice to see in his empire the increase of material enterprise and internal improvement, coniident that, whatever be the motive, the result will be for the happiness of Russia and thle tranquillity of the world.
Nothing is further from our wish than to preju- dice Lord LuCAN in his explanations before the. Military Commissioners at Chelsea Hospital. We are about to give a brief analysis of the arguments ised by Colonel Tun.ocHr in his defence-for, substantially, it is he and Sir JoHN- M'Nsi who are on their defence,-without in the smallest degree implying that Lord L-ucAN may not be able to set aside Colonel Tuiocn's arguments or to destroy the credit of Colonel Tor.nocB's witnesses. Let us for a moment recall the attention of our readers to the real point at issue between the disputants. in the first place, there is not the smallest imputation against Lord LuCAN on the ground of personal courage. Whatever his conduct in the field may have been, nobody intends to impugn it. The question is-Did he, as the superior officer in command of the English cavalry in the Crimea, take all such precautions as were possible for the safety of his horses and his men? Were the best arrangements nmade that could be made under the circumstances? DidLord LucAN, in fact, take such care of the lives of the men and of the horses under his conimaud that the anallest possible loss was incurred ? Of coux in acase of this kind it will not do to saqvyt tLe Earl discharged with the strictest accuracy the functions of a cavalry. General, but that the losses occurred in consequence of the neglect of the Conmmssary-General, or Quarternmaster-General, or cf the Engineer officers, or even of the Commancder-in-Chief. The point at issue before the Chelsea Commissioners is whether or no, Incder the circumstances in which he was placed, Lord LUcai did not orly his best, but all that was possible, for the preservation of his horses? Lord LucAN maintains that he did, and he backs his statement by the arguments whichhave been already produced in our columns. Colonel TuLLocH and Sir JoN ?INmLL, say that he did not. These gentlemen, in support of their position, bring forward the testimony of various officers in comnmand of cavalry regiments, and their own account of what they witnessed in the Crimea. As far as the case has yet gone, Lord LucAN has made his statement and has examined various w itnesses. Colonel TuiirocH on Wednesday made his counterstatement, and to-day is to examine his witnesses. Lord LUCAw will then reply on the whole case, and so, as far as he is concerned, the matter will be brought to a conclusion. Colonel TuLLOCH opened his statement by a general disclaimer of all those imputations of " malignity" which had been so liberally showered upon him and his coadjutor by Lord LucOA. He knew nothing and cared nothing about Lord LucsA-had never seen him in his life until this inquiry began in Chelsea Hospital. 'Under these circumstances it was preposterous to deal in epithets and abuse. Colonel TuLLoen and Sir JoHN MNPismL had beei in"trusted by Government with the discharge of a particular duty, andto the best of their ability they discharged it. Passing from this personal matter to the general subject of the argument, Colonel TuLLocH first alluded to the alleged misstatement involved in the comparison between the losses sustained by the cavalry, artillery, and baggage horses. He showed that, even granting there were error, the error was entirely in Lord LucAx's favour, so that the suggestion of ",malignity" necessarily fell to the ground. The next point was as to forage. Lord LucA had complained that the Commsioners had stated to the MIrNSTER of WAR that the examination in regard to the Commissariat supplies could not bring out information of any moment. The reply was, that the information upon this point incorporated in the Report was derived from the principal officers under Lord LucA?N's command. If Lord LucAs? were to reply to this, then the Comr missariat officers would be entitled to their counterreply, and so the whole question must be reopened in England. Besides, the Crimean Commissioners had obtained a perfectly accurate statenient of all deficiencies in forage from January 1, 1855; and before that date the whole question was involved in such inextricable confusion that nothing could be expected fiom further discussion. We now pass to the principal and more immediate issue,-namely, that relating to the cavalry horses. Lord LucArl had expressly denied that on the 1st of October, 1854, there was any heavy cavalry in the Crimea. Colonel TubLoCH showed that at that date all the heavy cavalry reginients, with one exception, were in the Crimea, as had been stated in the [Report. Of course, it rests with Lord LucANr to refute Colonel TuLLocn's statement upon this important point. WVe trust that Jord LlucAN, who is so ready to charge his neighbours with wilful and "malignant" misstatement, will meet this contradiction as it only can be met, and prove to the Comnmission that he is right and the Commissioners in the wrong. If he can do this, he will succeed very materially in shaLing the credit of Sir Jorn- INI'Nrnn and Colonel TuLiocH. With regard to the actual number of- the losses, it will, perhaps; be best to quote Colonel Turocu's owv statement, and thus we shall at least avoid the imputation of garbling it to Lord LuoAN's disadvantage - " Since I returned to the War-office I have been able to go into these returns more minutely, especiallyas to the maisnzum mortality among the horses, which I understaud Lord Lucani thinks considerably less than it really was. The loss in six months is fearful. In the Heavy Brigade I find that out of an average strength of 727 horses there died 501 in the months of November, December, January, February, and March; and, recollect, not onie of these -was lost in action. This makes an average mortalitv of 77 per cent. After this his Lordship will hardly believe that in our original statement we wished to injure the cavalry. I have a similar return wiffi regard to the Light Brigade. The strength of every month is given, the deaths in that month are taken out, and I am almost afraid to say ns7e the mortality is. Out of an average strength of 427, 391 died, showing an average mortality of 92 per cent. These are from the authentic returns, signed, if not by his Lordship, by his Lordship's officers, and I am certain that when you see recorded such a frightful mortality as probably never occurred before, and will probably never occur again, you will iot find fault vwith me or with my co-commissioner for e-xpecting at that time that every possible effort would be made, everything attempted which human ingenuity could devise, for the purpose of remedying these evils." Wlre will leave this statement without comment. This is wvhat Lord LUcAw has to answer. Another principal point in Colonel Tuu.oci's address wlhich remains to be considered is as to the hutting of the cavalry. The Crimean Comniissioners had stated that this operation commenced in no case earlier than the end of January or beginning of February, and that it was not completed before the middle of March, when it had ceased to be of any -use. This assertion Colonel TuLLocn confirmed by the testimony of an infinite number of Crimean cavalry officers, and pointed out to the committee the confusion in Lord LuCAN'S mind between the accommodation necessary for horses and for men. We regret that want of space forbids us to advert to aUl the points contained in Colonel Tur.rLocEls statement to the Court. One matter, however, deserves particular attention, and cannot be dismissed without at least cursory notice. It had been very triumphantly demanded of those persons who maintained that something might have been done to mitigate the extent of our losses to mention what they themselves would have done in a similar situation. Colonel TurLocn mentioned first the usual and simple plan of dig,ging a trench round the horses, and then throwing up the earth in the form of a light breastwork. He then adverted to the resources froln the shipping, "At Kamiesch a fleet was lying, which contained upwards of 15 sail of the line, besides smaller vessels. On board of a 93gun vessel-I won't take a first-rate-there are 12,947 yards of ships' sails, more than an acre. In addition to this there ae 7,S44 yards of spare sails to replace the others. I am not quite sure but that there is a double set of sails in addition on board a man of wvar. Will any one tell me that if there had been the slightest ingenuity exercised in a Case of this kind, one of the first measures taken would not have been to send to the Admiral, and to say, ' Can you let us have, out of your some hundred thousand yards of spare sails, 20,000 or 30,000, which will be replaced to you from' Constantinople?' It appears to mo that this would have been a aimple modo of proceeding; and one of the matters I was sent to inquire into was, whether every possible means were taken to remedy the frightful state in which the troops then were. There were 100,000 yards of spare sails; and after that I hope we shall hear no mnore about the difficulty of getting sailcloth. 'But,' it is said, 'we could not put it up without, carpenters.' Well, in this case also you had a large fleet willing to give every possible assistance to the army, and I am sure that if Lord Lucan had told them that he was losing at the rate, I think, of 500 horses in two months, there would not have been a carpenter or sail in the Admiral's possession which would not have been instantly sent. Withregard to carpenters, perhaps you may not be aware that there are1G on board a first-rate, in addition to a large number of what are called'bhandy men,' who are always taldng a share in carpenters' york; in a second rate there are 14; in a third rate, 13; in a fourth rate, U1; and so on. Nlow, there were t'aen in the Black Sea absolutely 14 vessels above 50 gum, and I should sa4 not less than.3 or XQ ll4geg, sels. Vhat could have prevented Admiral yons from sending on shore 100 out of his 200 or 300 carpenters, and an indefinite quantity of sailcloth?" All this is matter which, of course, Lord Lucm may set aside by counter-statement, and, indeed, succeed in overthrowing entirely by the testimony of competent witnesses. We do not now speak of Colonel Tuinocifs points as of points established, but as of points to which Lord LucA.N must, andno doubt may, give competent reply. There is one matter, however, on which he will not succeed in exculpating himself, save by full and ample excuse for his unbridled license of speech. As to the subject-matter of the present inquiry, Lord Lucm? may be in the right, and Sir JoHN AFNFsm ana Colonel TuLLocn in the wrong-the Chelsea Commissioners mu3t decide upon that according to the evidence. But when Lord LuCmY permits himself to speak of the " malignity " of an officer and a gentleman rich in the respect and regard of his fellow-subjects, as Colonel TuLrocHu most undoubtedly is, we have no need of the verdict of the Chelsea Commissioners to tell us that Lord LUcAN- is most deeply to blame. 'When Lord LucAx is not ashamed to speak contemptuously of Colonel TULLocH as of a " clerk in the War" office," there is no one acquainted with the history of the two men who does not remember that Colonel TuiTocH is as much the superior of Lord LUCAw in military experience, and in all that belongs to the organization of an armeed force, as he has shown himself to be in temper, moderation, and forbearance. Ile was sent to the Crimea in company with his coadjutor to discharge a nmost painful and disagreeable duty. Time will show whether the statements of the Crimean Cormmissioners or of Lord LtrcA.- are the more worthy of belief.
Lord BhhADsBlTRy in the House of Lords last night was pleased to speak of the proposed. removal of the Duke of YoRE's Column as of a measure proposed by and carried in consequence of the advocacy of ie Tinzes. We beg most emphatically to deny this proposition. The removal of the Duke of Yontas Column was proposed by the Special Committee of the House of Commons-not by Vie Tiwes. It was accepted by us only as a clog upon a good scheme,-the price we were to pay for a public convenience quite independent of it. We have no great enthusiasm for the memory of the late Duke of YoRE; we do not affect to be sentimental on a project for removing the pillar which supports his statue; and we think that it would have been far better; in the first instance, had the plateau 'cetween the Athenmum and the 'United Service Club never been constructed, for the gradual slope from the County Fire-office to St. James's Park would have been a very pretty and picturesque feature in the town. A1 this, however, is not now the question. There is the Column, and there is the terrace, and if we are ask-ed whether, in our opinion, public convenience requires that the one should be tunnelled througl and the other removed, we at once say "No !" The proposition made by 17e, Times was that half-adozen iron gratings should be plucked up, and an order given to the policemen and sentries not to. hinder the transit of private carriages and cabs. The expenditure of less than 1001. would insure free circulation round St. James's Park, with entrances at Storey's-gate, Buckinghamgate, and at Mfarlborough-houise, and at no very great expense a free passage can also be opened at Spring-ggardens,-a very principal point. With this and a pretty bridge for foot passengers onlly across the Ornamental Water the public would be content. The Committee of the House of Commons say, " Knock down the German " Chapel." By all means; it will be an additional convenience. They add, " Remove the Duke " of YoBE's Column, and level the terrace." We answer-Be it so, rather than defer the settlement of the question. All this, of course, costs money, and the cost is unnecessary, for the public can have all it wants without it ; but we would rather pay the cost than either have the Parlk spoilt, as was originally proposed, or have its thoroughfares closed to all but a select portion of the public. _
We have received the Moniteur of yesterday. It does niot contain any news of interest. EAST INDIA-HoUSE.-Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the East India-house, when the new directors elected on Wednesday last-viz., Mr. John Harvey AXstell, Mr. Elliot Macnaghten, M1r. Ross Donnelly Mangles, M.D., Mr. Charles MWills, and Mr. Martin Tucker Smith, M.D., took the oath and their seats. ColonelWilliasn enry Sykes was chosen chairman, andlMr. Iloss Donnelly Mangles, M.DP., deputy-chairman for the year ensuing. Rovi NATIOEL LIFEBOAT LSTITUTIOS.-yesterday the annual general meeting of this institution was held at the London Tavern. AMr. Thomas Chapman occupied the chair, in the unavoidable absence of the Duke of Northumberland, the president, through ilness. Aimong - the noblemen and gentlemen present were Lord Lovaine, M.P., Lord Henry Cholmondeley, M.P., 'MIr. William Cotton, General Blanshard, Captain Washington, R. N., Admiral Bethune, Colonel Tulloh, R.A., Mtr. JohnAChapnman, tr. G. Hankey, Mr. 2f. Gore, Captain Gordon, Admiral Herbert, M.., and many others, The chainnan, after expressing his regret at the absence of their noble president from illness, said he wvas happy to have it in his power to state that mnuch sucecess had attended the operations of the institution during the past year, and that, notwithstanding theperilousnatureoftheoccupation, not asin'lelifehadbeen lost fromthe society's numerous lifeboats. Healludedbothe valuable assistance hichthe institution continued to receive fromthe Mercantile MarineFund, throughthe Boardof Trade, which had been prodactive of much good to the cause of saving life from shipwreck; and he dwelt on the national objects of the society, which he was sure could not fail to commend itself to the sympathy and support of every man. MIr. Lewis, the secretary, then read the annmal report fromrwhich it appeared that lifeboats, complete with carriages and their necessarygear, were about to be supplied to P'adstow, in Cornwall, Dvrogheda, Rye, and Castleton, in the Isle of M1an. A newr SO-feet lifeboat had recently been placedat Eanxley, in Northumberland; one of Richardson's tubular life-rafts had, at a cost of 200t., been stationed at Rhyl; and a new lifeboat, 40 feet lung, had been placed at Southwold. Various other lifeboats had had their fittings altered to MrL. Peake's plan, after w hose excellent design all the society's lifeboats were now built, and admirably they had answered the purnose required of them. The lifeboats in connexion 'with the iastitutson had, during the past year been instrumental in saving the lives of 75 persons, being the crews of nin vessels, from a watery grave. The institution had at the present time about 50 lifeboab, most of which were perfectly equipped, including the best description of lifehelts for theirhardy crews. Great efforts had been made to save life from'wrecks durnug the past year, and the result had been that 1,388 persons had beenrescued by lifeboats and other meansfrom wrecked vessels. During the same period the institution had voted 27 honorary testimonials, and upwards of 300I in pecuniary rewards, to persons who had gallantly exerted themselves in saving the lives of 469 persons. The total number of persons saved from shipwreck since the first establishment of the institution, upwards of 32 years ago, and for rescuing whom it had granted honorary and pecuniary rewards, was 9,69L It had laid out during the ast yearn building, repairing, and fitting lifeboats, &-c. 3,0451., and about l,100l. on lifeboat carriages, boat-houses, and rewards. Its total expenditure had been 3,7261.,while its income did not exceed 2,035&. On the motion of 3Mr. Cotton, seconded by Admiral Bethune, the report was una. nimously adopted. i resolution moved by Mr. John Chapman and seconded by 3Ir. Montagu (lore, pledging the meeting to support the institution in its humane work, was also carried by acclamation, and the proceedings terninated wlith the usual compliment tothe chairma.n. TBzz Uwocu&xc' Co3rrsx.-Te Worbpful Company of Clockmakers entertained the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs on Tuesday evening at the London Tavern, where an elegant banquet was provided for the ocasion by Messrs. Bathe and Co. The chair was filled by Mr. a Frodsham, the Master of the company, in whose viciity were observed the Lord Mayor, Mr. Alderman and Sheriff Kennedy (Warden), Mr. Sheriff Rose, Admiral Sir E. Lyons, Mr. J. Masterman, MLP., Aldernan Sir J. Duke, M.D., the Bev. Dr. Mortimer, Mr. Apsley Pellatt, M.D., Mr. W. S. Lindsay, MP., and other ;,entlemen of influence. The toast of " The Army and lavy" was responded to by Sir E. Lyons, who reviewed the events of the late war, and asserted that the navy was never in a more efficient state than at present, as vould be proved at the ensuing grand review. " The Health of the Lord Mayor" was proposed by-the Master in very flattering terms, and dulyresponded to by his Lordship, who took occasion to criticize the new City Corporation Reform Bill, denouncing it as a meagurm which changed everything and reformed nothing. The toast of "The Sheriffs" and "FThe Membors of Parliamert present" were responded to by Mr. Alderman Kennedy and Mr. Apsley Pe33att, M.D. Other toasts folwed, and the company separated at about 11 o'cloak, after a most agreeable evening. The dinner and wines wrere of the first qualit7. The musical arrangements werte under the dirocson ioftMr. Lawler, and. Mr. Hark acted 7s toasmaas4,g
1OCHESTBR ELECTION COMMITTEE. The select committee appointed to try the merits of the petition presented against t?e return of r. Weyrehxim oft tin, the recently-elected member for Rochester, met yesterday at 12 o'clock. Mr. Ingham in the chair. The petitioners were Henry Bass and other electors of that borough, and they alleged the commiission of bribery, treAting, and abdnction by the sitting member and his agents. The petitioners were represented by Mr. SDoffortb, but not by counsel; and Mr. Serjeant Kinglake, Mr. EdwinJames, and Mr. Gordon Allan, instructed by Mr. Coppocli appeared as counsel for the sitting member. Mr. Serjeant KnGLARF, addressing the committee, said, late on the preceding night the agent of the petitioners hzd given notice to the agent of the sitting memler that it wvaS not their intention to proceed further with the petition, and that intimation had tak-en him (Mr. 6er- jeant 'Kinglake) and his learned friends who acted' -with him entirely by surprise. The coimmittee would observe that the petition alleged bribery and treating against the sitting member personally, aud also against his agents, and partisans, and ho and his learned friends were perfectly ready to meetthose charges. Hladthe petition been miadvertently presented, it could have been withdrawvn in the manner prescribed by the act of arliament, but it had been kept hanging over the bead oi the sitting member until the last moment, and then abandoned. The truth was that the, Petition, eyond question, was frivolous and vexatious, and he had little doubt that the committee, when they knew the circumstances connected witbh it. *would regard it in that light. The comluittee wrould be surprised to hear that the petitioners' had issued as many as 200 Speaker's warrants to secure the attendance of witnesses to support their case, and the greater part of those warrants had been actually served. That, he contended, since the petition was now-withdrawn, was a mostwanton abuse of the process of the Rouse. The commcitteo would also be sur- prised tolearnthatapersonhohadassumed the name of' J ones, houg' his name wa nearer Cross than Jones, hd been serving those warrants, and in doing so had used the Speaker's authority, by saying to the persons on whom they wrere ser-ed that he came from the Speakier forthse purpose of threatening them with imprisonment unless they came forward and disclosed all they knew about thenllegations contained in the petition. Under the circumstances he had stated, he (Mr. Serjeant Kinglake) submitted he 'Was: perfectly justified in calling upon the committee to dismins the petition as frivolous and vexatious. Mr. Spofforth, the agent of the petitioners, said it was only two days before that he had received instructions to investigate and conduct the case on their behalf; that he went down to Rochester immediately and got np as much evidence as he possibly could in that very limited time- and that, although he found there was evidence sufficient to render it impossible for the sittingr member or his counsel fairly to characterize the petition as frivolous and vexatious, he had not enough time at his disposal so to marshal the evidence as to justify a reasonable expectation of succeeding with the petition before the committee. Under those circumstances, counsel -whom he had consulted and himself had thought the beat course to pursue was to withdraw the petition, even at that late hour. IThe committee ordered the room to bo cleared, and on the readmission of the arties The CHcAncsrA, asai , the committee had cometo the determination toproceed,underthe clauses of the act of Pariament enabling them so to do, to examline into the circumstancesunder which the p -titiohadbeen w ithdrawn, and 'with that-view to adjourn until the folowing day. Mffr. Serjeant Km'OG s urged the committee to proceed at oncewith the inquiry, allegingthathe could prove his ease in five minutes. M1r. Coppock, the agent for the sitting member, assured, the committee that the withdrawl of the petition was an -- unconditional surrender, without any terms or communition with him, and that he did not receive notice of its withdrawal nntil 11 o'clock in the preceding night. The CH_&mmB3N said, those were matters that must be proved in evidence, and he could only repeat that the committee were not disposed to go into the case until tomorrow. The committee then adjourned untilto-morrow (this day.)
PARLIAMUEVTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONTS. FRiDAY. APRm. 11 ORDZRS or TUE DAY. Supply,-C ejommtttee . arenpon. Vays andMeana.-Committee. Bianker3Composition Bill-Second xeailig. Metropolis Local Management Act Amendment Bill.-Commtitea.. Scotch and Irish Pauper Removals Bil,-Second reading. ThTe Insurances Ifill,-Serond reading. Vice-President of Committee of CounUil on Education 3BiU-Second reading. Joit Stock Companies Bill,-Commnittee. V'¶lUs and Administrations Incor Second reading. BPankruptcy (Scotland d Biflso .tml tteeee Cambridge d univrsity preen ,-second readlng. Draughts os Bankers Bit Ut-Committee. Partnership Amendmuent (o, 2) t.JP-Second rearlding. Oath of Abjuration BiUte,-Comnuttee. l.oncss or a0nsorss of ohysiciansofLon e and, if ao. b hvether they e re likely to 3e granted during the present sesson of Parliamentf lr.I acarniey,-To ask the Chief Commisioner of Public Gores, wshether heintends to carry out the plan suggested hy the committeo olr opening the commimiratEon from St. JamessbPorktof atarloolsake of York's monument shall he re moved, has3 been fully considered by tbe Government s Mhr. Msacartnes,-To ask whether the attention of the Government has been,m or wlla be, directhed mOitothe adivansttlatgOe o oDenin ah cariagsewayfom uee-sqare thrughthepreentgates into the Birefaeonir, in connexion with the other improvements in St. James's Park. Gaptain Stnart,-To askwhether it is theifact that the operatives in te Roal dckyrds nd asenl atootwch till continue to he employedon Sunda. ndwhte3tehnesr th3e resonsibilitv of commanling such employment resin with theheads of departments at Woolwich, or .ith the authorities of the War-office. VMr. Oliveirs-To ask, whether it is the intention of Government to renewv the act l.th and 18th of Victoria chap. 102, relating to bribery, wvhich wil expire atthe end of the present session ? Lord B. Cecil,-To ask whether the Government has come to any dnal decision as to the amount of weekly allowaance to be made by the Treasury to certtifedref oratoryschools in respect of juvenUe offenders committed to them S Viscount Palmerston.-That upon Thursday, the29th dayof M,ay next, and on every succeeding Thursday during the present session. Government order. oftho day shaU have precedence. Mr. Napier,-To present a petition from the officers employed in the office of the Accountant-General in Ireland, and move that it be referred to the select committee on the Irish Chancery lieform Bill. Mr. Bellew,-Select committee to inquire into the circumstances connected with the advance of a sum of £5DD0,05 to the Midland GreatWestern Railway of Ireland Company, punuant to the statnte 12th and 13th of Victoria, chap. 62: also into the application, or not, of said sum of money to the purposes to which it should have been applied uinder said statute;, also into tha- allocation of tho traffic profits and expenses since the opening of the lne from Athlone to Galway, -with aview to fixthe amount of the repayments to be raisedfrom certain ba-oniuein the county of Roscommon and from the county of Gaiwvay. Mr. Bowver,-Statement of the accounts in the Audit-office, showing to at date examined or finally audited; and the reason for the delay, if any, in the audit of accounts in arrear. Mir. Watson,-That the petition of the corIoration of Hull (pres,ented 9th of APrill, prayinlg to be heard by their counsel, agents, and wi.tnesses, before the Select Comamitteec on Local Bunsen Stuppuag. be referedtoth said committee, and that the petitioners be heard by their counsel, agents, and witnesses before the said committee. Mr. Bowyer,-To ask a quxestion respecting the regulations of rentouviUe Prison. touching tlw access of ministers of religion to prisoners not membersof the establish'd church Alr. Palk-To ask the Uinder-Secretary for War, whether, Sir John M'Xeil and Colonel Tullochhaving been directed especially to inquire into the Commissariat, and the supplies of the Britiseh army in the Crimea, ani theY having reported that the deaths. includin; tho3se at Scutari and elsewhere appearto amorint to 35 per cent. of the average rtrength of the army present in the Crimea from the Mst of Febraary, 115, t th 10h o Apil 185. nd heyhavngreported thaLt it arems t be clearly establishe tdhlaSt thisexcessive mortality is not to be a5tributed to anything pocaliarly unfavsourablo in the clmatte, but to overa-ork, exposure to wset and cold, impropuer food, and insufficient shelter from inclement wseather, it lrl be the duty of the Court nowv sitting nuder Sir Alexander WVoodford to examinLe into dhsseiedcharsea- .ldr. Haddeld,-To cali the attention of the Hrouse to the bill for abolishing church-rates, and the declared intention of Sir William Clay, the conductor of it to accept the amendments proposed by Govemment.. and to express his intention to oppose such ameendments. bir D. L. Evans,-To draw attention to the services of the chaplains of tbe armyin thiswar; andto ask what recognition, if any, may be, hoped for in respecttothese servic'eS Colonel Harcourt,-To cael the attention of the First Lord of the Admiralty to an answer given by him before the recess, as to the nonadmission into the navy ot boys from Union-house3. Viscount Rtaynham.-To ask whether, pending any alterations in St. Janmes's Park Her Majesty's Ministers wlil grant to the public the privilege and great convenience of passing through the park in cabs between St. Jamea's-street andBuckinghanm-gate ? Mr. HorsfaILi-To call the attenition of the Homse to a statement of the Secre tory of thc Treasury respect in g the Customs' establish ntmeat LiverpooL 3Mr. Napier,-To call the attention of the House to the compulsory employment of the workmen at Portsmouth on Sunday last in the dockyard, under an order given bythose in authority over them. Mr. 3tcatney,-Tomove.address for copies of al communications between the Orduance and WVarDepartments and the Enclosure Commaissioners, espectag the acquiring and purchasing of certain extensire tracts of common laIds inthe parisbhes of Aderahott.,sh, een-.for solitary purpe. And, of alt moneys grautsdby Pariament sinc Isthe lt of January, 1854. and any further eum now estinated for completing the purchase of said lands, the forming a camp at Aldershott, and erecting permac nentandtemporay barracks, withall other buildings and roadsnecessarythereto. 3lr. Bailie,-That, in the opinion of this House, the CODurse taken by the MIinisters oi the Crown- in the employmnent of agenin to enlist the cit7zensof foreign Powvemintot.he senyiceof Eler .ajcsty, in defiance is inconsstent wth the good fsaiatDhannd fi3ePndlycocfnduc hich oughtatco chaacerize all our relations withalliesiStone, audhastendad to loer the dignity, to endanger the peace, and to compromise the honour of the nation. 8ir D. L. }Evns,-Amendment on motion of the member for Inver- ness, on recruiting in neutral countries contrary to international law,to icaveout al the words after "' that,' and substitute " in the means resorted to by Government for reinforcing our army in the field, it is the opinion of this House that, instead of inviting enILstments fromn the United Stxtet. it had been more politic to have entertained sach offers ma were made byhighlyreslpectable parties for ratting corps from among our loyal Canadian fellow-subjects." Sir I. Perry.-To caU the attention of the Hlouse to the increasing annual deficit in the revenues of India. Mfr. ML Milnes.-On the motion for the main estimate of the expenses of the British Museum, to call attcention to the present system of management and patronage in that establishment especIally with reference to the report of 1850.
Ti Crr CoRPoRATiOa.-Yesterday a meeting of the masters and wardens of the livery companies of the city of London ,as held at the Mansion-house, for the purpose of considering the provisions of the bill introduced into Parliament by the Government for the better regnuation of the corporation. Sir P. Laurie, in tho absence of the lord Mayor, presided. Alderman Wire, at the request of the meeting, briefly stated the various provisions of the bill, and explained the effect they would produce in repwct to the corporation if adopted by Parliament. The following resolutions -ere unanimouslgy areed to :-" L That in the opinion of this meeting the bill introduced into the House of Commons by Her Majesty's Government for the better regulhtion of the corporation of the city of Iondon is unconstitutional and unjust, and ought to be opposed. 2. That the livery companies of the city of London be requested to present petitions to Parlianeiit against the bill, and to use their influence with members of Parliament to induce them to oppose the second reading of the bill. 3. That the masters of the sereral compaies be reqauested to caU meetings of tbeir respective courts at an early day, to talke into consideration the propriety of petitioning against the second reading of tho bill, which is fixed for the 21st, inst. 4. That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Right Hon. tho Lord Mayor for his courtesy in calling the present meeting and his kindness in granting.. the use of the Mansion-house. 5. That the thank-s of the meeting be *ven to Sir P. LAurie for his able conduct in the chair... 6. the thanks of ths meeting be presented to Mr. Aldotmin Wire for his able address and the valuble aistariQX he has rendered to the meeting."
.FOGBIGN IYTELGEYCE. K U ;S E 1A. TEE TIPERIAL MAINIFESTO. IAporfion of tle following appeared in our 3econd edition cct rasy:-I _ The following is a translation of the Imperial ylanifesto, published at St. Petersburg on the 1st of April, to announce the signing of the treaty of peace " The obstinate and sanguinary struggle which for nearly three years has subverted Europe has at last ceased. It ws not Russia that commenced it. Even before it broke out my late august father, of iniperishable mcmory, solemnnly declared to his faithful subjects, and to all the foreign Powers, that the sole object of his desires and of his efforts had been to protect the rights of our coreligionists in the East, and to put atn end to the persecutions to which they were subjected. "A stranger to all isiterested views, lie never expected that his just complaints (rJelaczations) would have resulted in the scourge of war; -aid, considering its calalities with a deep feeling of sorrow as a Christian, and as the father of the people intrusted by Providence to his care, lie did not cease manifesting his inclination in favour of peace. But the negotiations which were opened shlrtily before his death on the subject of the conditions of that peace, wh1ich was a necessity for us all, remained without success. " The Governments whichhave formed a hostile coalition against us had not discontinued their annarnents; pending the negotiations they had even increased them ; the war had to follow its7course, anid we continued it w ith a finn hope in the protection of the 31ost High and firm confidence in the unshaken devotion of our well-beloved sabjects. Our expectations were justified. Durine that period of hard trials our faithful aud brave soldiers, as well as all our people, witlhout distinction of class, proved themselves, as always, worthy of their high caling. Along the whole extent of our empire, from the shores of the Pacific Ocean to the shores of the Baltic and Black Sea, one single idea, one single impulse, animated all, and made them spare neither life nor fortune in the defence of their country. Labourers, leaving the plough and their fields, eagerly took up arms for our holy cause, rivalling in courage and self-denial our veteran soldiers. New and striking deods of renown have marked this last struggle with powerful adversaries. "The enemy has been driven back f-om the coasts of Siberia and from those of the White Sea, as well as from the ramparts of Sweabor,; the heroic defence for U months of the fortifications of the south side of Sebastopol, erected in the face of and ulder the fire of the assailants, will be hauded down as a record to the remotest posterity. " In Asia, after the glorions victories of the two preceding campaigns, Kars was compeUed to surrender wvith its numerous garrison, forming the whole army of Anatolia, and the ilite of the Tnrkish troops sent to relieve the place were compeUed to retreat. Nevertheless, by the impenetrable and wise decrees of Providence, a fact was preparing conformable to the wishes of our well-beloved august father, to our own, and to those of all Russia, and vw-hich realized the objects of the war. The future condition and the privileges of all the Christians in the East are henceforth guaranteed. The Sultan solemnly recognizes them, and, consequent upon this act of justice, the Ottoman empire enters into the family of European states. "Russians ! your efforts and your sacrifices have not been in vain. A great work has been accomplished, although by other and unforeseen means, and we may now with a quiet conscience put an end to those efforts and to those sacrifices by restoring to our dear country the inestimable blessings of peace. To hasten the conclusion of the treatyof peace and to dispel, even for the future, the very idea of ambitious views orj projects which might he attributed to us, we have consented to the adoption of certain precautionary measures destined to prevent a collision of our ships of war with those of Turkey in the Black Sea, and to the establisnitent of a new frontier line in the southern part of Bessarabia, nearest to the Danube. "The concessions are not great when put in com parison with the charges of a prolonged war, and the advantages promised to us by the tranquillity of the empire the destinies of which it has pleased God to intrust tous. May all those advantages be obtained by our efforts, united to those of all our faithful subjects! Mlay, with the aid of the Almighty, who has always protected Russia, its internal organization be consolidated and perfected ! may justice and clemency preside over its judgments-may the advancement of civilization and of all useful activity spread with renewed force-and may every one enjoy in peace the fruits of his labour under the protection of laws equally just and watchful for all I Finally, and this is the most importantandmost ardent of ourhopes,-maythe salutarylight of faith, by enlightening the mind and strengthening the heart, nsaintain and imaprove more and more that social morality which is the surest pledge of order and happiness ! " Given at St. Petersburg the 19th (31st) of March, 1856, and in the second year of our reign, " A-EAN-DER."
1M2 A NMTfl (rBOX 01l OWN COR.ESPOh?DEN'rj ±BLsci±, VW EDN ESDAY, APBIL 9, 6 P.M. From what can be ascertained of the nature of the difference between the Turkish Divan and the allied Powers on the future government of the Principalities, it woould appear that the Porte regards the organic laws of the Principalities as annulled by the war between it and Russia, in the same manner as all previous treaties between them are annulled; and this view of the question, as adopted at Constantinople, Aaii Pasha, the Turkish Plenipotentiary at Paris, has been instructed to support in the Cong,ress. How such views can be maintained it is difficult to understand. At the first sitting of the Plenipotentiaries at Vienna in Mlarch last year the French Mfinister laid it down as a principle which admitted of no dispute, that the -war between the two Powers annulled all previous treaties, and that, on the application of that principle to the Danubian provinces, no stipulation of the ancient treaties of Russia with the Porte should be appealed to as a right or used as an obstacle. The :Russian Plenipotentiaries admitted the cessation of the treaties between Russia and the Porte relative to the Principalities, but maintained that any future organization should not have the effect of depriviig- them of the advantages they had hitherto -enjoyed. The English and French Plenipotentiaries declared, on the other hand, that the object of the 211iedGovernnents was not to place thePrincipalities in a worse position than before, but rather to improve them, by combining the newy arrangements so as to satisfy the interests of the Principalities, and those of Europe in general, without affecting those of the Suzerain. In conformity with these views it w-as declared in the preliminaries of peace that Russia should not exercise any particular or exclusive right of protection or intervention in the internal affairs of the Danubian provinces; that the provinces should preserve their privileges and immunities under the suzeraiinetg of the Porte, and that the Sultan, in concert with his allies, should grant, moreover, or should confirm an internal organization suited to the necessity and wishes of the population. It appears evident then that the Pleninotentiaries did not consider the organic laws by which the Principalities were administered as suppressed or abolished, inasmuch as in those preliminaries, accepted on both sides, the contracting parties acceptedthealternative of confirming the actual organic regulations. In no case was the idea allmitted of considering as suppressed,the immunities the Principalities had enjoyed from the beginning, and if any innovation was contemplated it was clearly that of extending and enlarging instead of annulling them. Yet the Divan persists in maintaining that, by the fact of the abolition, in consequence of the war, of the treaties between Russia and the Porte, the organic regulation of the Principalities becomes null and of no effect. The Divan therefore proposes the formation of a Moldo-Wallachian commission, to sit at Constantinople, with the view of drawing up; under the superintendence of the Porte, a new organic constitution for the Principalities, to be sanctionled by the Sultan after previous examination and approval by the allied Powers. It is difficult to conceive how the interests of the provinces ouLg",ht to be affected by anything that has occurred between Russia and the Porte. It does not follow that, because the exclusive protectorate hitherto exercised by Russia over the Danubian provinces is at .an end, and the treaties vrhich were its immediate consequences annulled, the privileges and immunities guaranteed by the Porte long before any such treaties existed should also be abolished. The legitimate results of the war should only be the cessation of the exclusive protectorate of Russia, and the substitution of that of the collective protection of the allied Powers, with the view of guaranteeing to the MIoldo-Wallachians jthe full and uncontrolled enjoynient of the inununities -which they have possessed for ages; and this principle has been admitted and acted on from the commenicement, and specifically insis.td upon in the circular note of the French Government in -May last year, The Assembl&e Nationale contains an article which purports to be a description'and a defence of the -oly Alliance an?d of the treaties of 1815, but whllich is in reality a mere crusade against the foreign policy pu-sued by E:ngland since'that epoch. it says: "France wiU remain, we are told, the ally of England in peace as in war. This we desire and hope. We profess a profound admiration for England, her liberal institutions, and the duration and grandeur of her Government. We always desire for our country'the alliance of England, but ve desire it, and can only desire it, on certain conditions. United, France and England can dispose of the destinies of the world. There is no Power that can resist them, no obstacle that they are not in a measure able to conquer. But the more this union of force is irresistible, the more imn perative it is to be acquainted with the aim, the interests, and the principles in which this force will be employed. Thus, in order to detail our opinions and render our ideas more clear we will say,-If the alliance of England obliges us to tolerate a permanent state of revolution and anarchy in Spain, we are not for the English alliance. If 'France will be compelled, in order to remain the ally of England, to permit revolution to' introduce itself into Italy, to overthrow the kingdom of the Two Sicilies, to plant itself in Palermo, to menace the sovereign pontiff in Rome, then are we not in favour of the English aliance. If in Swvitzerland the oppression of honest folks, the despotism of the multitude, anarchy in the heart of power are the conditions of the English alliance, we think that, at that price, it is too dear. But give us instead of ,revolutionary England abroad the old and loyal England of the past, conservative abroad as at home, armed for the defence of right and the maintenance of principles on which reposes European order, then aill the English alliance have no more zealous partisans, no n:ore ardent defenders, than ourselves. We do not believe that to name these conditions of the English alliance is to render it impossible. Ve are persuaded, on the contrary, that a fini, clear, and bold policy may succeed in establishing the iuiion of the two countries on thoso bases, and this result would be one of the greatest events of the world. The workv was already attempted underthereiga ofthe King3Louis Philippe, and it had at one moment completely succeeded, thanks to the ente7ztc of Sir R. Peel and of Lord Aberdeen with the Cabinet of the 29th of October in France. It has l:cen often said that the alliance of Russia was that nmost proper to France. We cannot share this opinion, for the recollection of Tilsit still alarms as, and has never ceased to do so. Tlho intimate union of the two great countries between which Europe is, as it were, surrounded will always create ideas of ambition and of division, which we distrust as much as revolutionary ideas. Once more, this question of the alliances of France is too grave to be treated in a passing manner ; but, as we have spoken of them, let us be permitted to add a word which is inspired by actual circumiistances. The war is finished in the East, but the Eastern question is not terminated. Under the guarantee of all Europe the Ottoman empire has nothing to fear from Russia; but there remains to be effected in the countries subjected to the sceptre of the Sultan a task less rapid in solution, but no less difficult. There are great interests for us to protect amid those difficult problems which remain to be solved. What is the destiny of that empire which Europe wishes to endow with a new regeneration? Which belief, wlhich influence, will prevail there? This will remain, we trust, for a long time the subject of the pre-occupation of our Government, vhich cannot desire that our treasures should be wasted and our blood spilt for a regeneration of the Ottoman empire that should not have a permanent result on our influence. The best reliance for us is, therefore, that which appears to have the same interests as ourselves at Constantinople-namely, the alliance of Austria. France has a great task to accomplish in those splendid regions still submitted to tlhe authority of the son of Mahmoud, which is to establish, by the influence of her civilization, the ascendancy of Catholicism. Her i-d1e is to place herself at the head of the Catholic interests in the East. 'United to Austria, she can perform great actions and acquire at the same time immense advantages and much glory." The Assem7blee thus concludes " This policy of The Tinzes, which indicates not less the idea of a reaction against the glorious ecpedition which delivered Rome in 1849 than against the treaties of 1S15, is probably not that professed in Paris by Lord Clarendon; it is as yet only the policy of Tie Times. But experience has taught us that Tee Tbnes is a very powerful journal in England, and its policy has finished more than once by becoming that of the Government." The Imperial Prince is now, when the weather permits, carried into the enclosed garden on the terrace of the Tuileries. In his first walk he was accompanied by the Emperor. The Municipality of Paris intends to give on Monday next to the Plenipotentiaries a grand dinner of 100 covers at the Hotel de Vile to be followed by the representation of a comic opera in the new theatre in the Galerie des F6tes. The piece to be represented is the Concert j la CCour, and it is to be performed by Bataille, Mortier, Jourdan, and Mile, Duprez. The latter is to introduce in it what is called the air- ylyglotte from Mfarco Spada-that in which she sings some lines of Rlussian and of English. Betwfeen 2,000 and 3,000 persons are to be invited to the musical performance. A letter fromn Toulon states -that all the Russian prisoner wvho were remaining in that port have within the last week been embarked for Odessa. They were about 100 in number, of whom three were officers. The ratifications of the telegraphic treaty concluded at Paris on the 28th of December last by France, Belgium, Spain, Swvitzerland, and Sardinia, were exchanged yesterday between the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the representatives of the above-mentioned countries. This treaty, which will come into operation immediately after its promulgation, will make important reductions in the clharge for telegraphic communications. The Mrwniteurpublishes the retiuns of the produce and consumption of beetroot sugar since the beginning of the season, from which it appears that on the 1st April there were 274 manufactories in ftull operation, or 60 more than at the corresponding date of 1855. The sugar manufactured, including 2,359,141 kilogramnmes lying over since last year, amounted to 81,205,585 kilogrammes, showing a difference in favou- of 1856 of 40,183,105 kilog,rammes. The quantity sold for consumption, or deposited in the Government bonded stores, was 64,425,901 kilogrammes, or 29,285,788 more than laAt year. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 74f. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 50c.; and the New Loan at 74f. 50c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,360f.; Great Northern, 1,052f. 50c. ; Strasburg, 1,035f.f; New Shares, 880f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,372f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mlediterranean, 1,670f.; Western of France, 895f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 785f.; Great Central of France, 670f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 817f. 50c. ; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,715f. ; AustrianRailways, 930f. Cous Authentilue.-PARIS, April 9.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not renmbursable for 10 years), 9:,f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 94f.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 94f. ; Threeper Cents., 73f. 30c. 35c. 40c. 35c. 45c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 73f. 75c. SOc. 75c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 73f. 75c. SOc. 75c. - Bank of France, 4,000ff. ; Credit Foncier, 725f.; Prom. (5bligations of 1000ff., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,700f. 1,710f. 1,715f. ; DiLcount lanl, 650f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f. 5sc.; ditto Three per Cents., 61f. soc.; Austrian Five per Cents., W0; Rente de Naples (Rothschild's), 113; Romans, 91; Spanish Deferred Converted, 25. Exchange on London, 3t sight, money, Sf. 37Mc.; three months, money, 24f. 92~c. AUSTRIA. (ERO3r OUR OW., CORRESPONnDENT.) VIENNA, AninB 6. The following authentic information relative to the reorganization of the Danubian*aPrincipalities has been obtained. The Moldavo-Wallachian question is not definitively settled by the Treaty of Peace signed on the 30th of MIarch, but the "parties who have made peace"` have agreed to send a commission into the two Principalities. On its arrival the commission will proceed to form two general Divans, the one for Wallachia, and the other for Moldavia, vhose members are to be elected by the people. As soon as the Divans are duly formed they will proceed to drawv up new organic statutes, and propose such reforms as may appear requisite and desirable. When the project of the national Divans is completed it will be sent to Constantinople, and after having been revised by the representatives of the Powers the new constitution will be granted to the Principalities by their Suzerain, the Sultan. It is not probable that Moldavia and Wallachia will be united, but one of the duties of the commission will be to learn the wishes of the people on the subject. After the internal affairs of the Principalities have been definitivelysettled, and the newinstitutions established, Hospodars, natives of the Danubian Principalities, 'will be elected. My informant was not inclined to enter into any further details, but the foregoing will I sffice to show that the parties who have signed the Treaty of Peace are resolved tolmaintain all the uri- vrileges of the Danubian Principalities, but without. in any way interfering with the prerogatives of the suzerain Power. It is stated in semi-ofilcial Ausitrian circles that the troops of the Western'Powers .will entirely quit the Turkish territories before the' year is at an end; but those persons who best knov; how-little reliance can be placed on.promi;es made i by thePorte refuse to believe that such will be the case. The OstfDeuttsche Post, which is in s'ome connexion -ith this Governn'ent, writes that ALustria will also evacuate the Principalities, " but not until the new frontier of MIoldavia is definitively marked out, and the reorganization of the two provinces completed." This is, of course, a questiQu to be settled by the Powers, but it strikles me that the comnission appointed by the parties ' to the peace is - not very likely to learn fthe 'wishes of the Roumainic nation as lohg -- as 'the state.of siege is maintained in the land by a foreign army. The bugbear of revolution still haunts the imagination of this Government, and its excuse for prolonging the military occupation will be, thatas soon as its troops are withdrav n from the Principali- ' ties a whole army of "1subverters" will find its way into them. As you were a few days since informed, the Austrian staff is in a tremendous hurry to complete its maps, of Mloldavia and Vallachia, and no fewer than 80 officers of engineers were sent to the last-mentioned province at the -end of last month. It is believed that the geometrical admeasurements will- be finished in the course of the summer. This country pays two-thirds ofthe expense, andWallachia the other third. The Emperor has pardoned 62 political offenders who, ini 1849 and 1850, were sentenced by the military courts to terms of imprisonment varyingfrom 10 to 20 years. The concession for the Vienna-Buda-Semlin -Pailroad wras yesterday received by a company composed of French and Austrian firms. The lines are:-1, from Buda by Kanischa, to Poltschach; 2, from Vienna by CEdenburg, to Fiinfkirchen; 3, from NeuSzony (near Raab) by way of Stuhlweissenburg, to M1ohacs and Fiinfkirchen; 4, from Fiinfkirchen to Essegg; 5, from Essegg to Semlin. The State guarantees 5 3-10 per cent. The necessary capital is estimated at 100,000,00011. (at least twice as much wil be required), 60,000,0001R. of which are to be raised by the issue of shares at 200fl., and 40,000,000f1. by means of a loan. 16,000,0001i. of the shares will be taken by Paris capitalists (the ECrdit 2%fobilier); 16,000,000fl. by the AustroFrench Railroad Company; 6,000,00011. by Vienna bankers; and 22,000,000fl. by private individuals (7). A few days since the Gazette de Cologne and the semi-official Preus-ischle Correspondenz informed their readers that the Hospodar of lWallachia had granted to M. M1ax von Haber, of Dresden, a concession for the construction of a railroad from Orsova, by way of Bucharest, to Brailow, with a guarantee of 7 per cent., but a Bucharest letter of the 28th of MIarch teUs a very different story. The gentleman in question has applied for permission to construct a railroad from Orsova to Brailow, but no concession has been granted to him, and the Wallachian Government is notlikelyto guarantee 7 per cent. interest. The Divan has publisheda draughtof the conditions on which a railway concession may be granted by the Hospodariate, but nothing more has been done in the matter. A Transylvanian company has offered to construct a railroad from Hermannstadt to Bucharest if the Wallachian Government will guarantee 5 per cent. interest, but it is questionable whether the validity of a concession granted by the present Government would be recognized by the Porte and her allies. The official Wiener Zeitung this morning announces that the Grand;, Cross of the Order of St. Stephen has been given to Count Buol-Schauenstein, "for his long, faithful, and distinguished servces, and his co-operation in the conferences, which led to the peace concluded on the 30th of March." Industrial establishments spring up in this country like mushrooms, and wve are not surprised to learn from Mian that a discount bank is to be formed there. The Danubian Steam Company is I nowv displaying great activity. A central dep6t is being constructed on the canal which separates this city from the suburb of Leopoldstadt, and quays and newv docks are in construction at Pesth and Buda. The outlay of the company for building during this year will be about 60,0001. The necessaries of life are already cheaper in the market, but the retailers still demand war prices. Wheat and rye are much lower, but the loaf is as small as it was a year ago;a meat is cheaper, but the hotel-keeper's prices are as exorbitant and his " portions" as scanty as ever. Sugar, however, has fallen 12 kreutzers (5d.) per pound, and coffee 6 or 7 florins per cwt. The ordinance published by the Russian Miinistry of Finance on the 4th of April relative to the free ex- I port of all kinds of corn has already produced a kind of panic among the Austrian corndealers. The free navigation of the Danube is a "fait accoPli," for 163 ships have already passed under the guns of the Russian batteries into theBlack Sea. PRUSSIA. (PROM OUR OWN CORRESrONDENT.) BERIN, APRIL 8. The following motion has been made in the House of Deputies, that- "It shall come to the resolution to request His Majesty's Government to communicate to the HIouse what steps have been taken by the Government with reference to a charge brought against a member of that House, the Vice-President of the Chamber of Revision, Seiffart, anid wvhich has caused so great a sensation, of having been accessary to the par- I loining of private papers." The motives assigned for the necessity of thimotion are "the honour of the House and the country." The motion has been referred for preliminary discussion to a special committee, from I 'Which the vain hope has been entertained that some satisfactorv information would be obtained upon the subject. The gist of the motion as originally conceived by the Opposition was the inculpation of the Minister President, to be arrived at in the course of the investigation by the House; the Extreme Right, however, set its face againist the motion | at all, as an implied vote of censure on the Government on the very face of it; and it has at length been taken up by the less extreme members of the Right side as a means of screening the Government and the Ministry by giving the latter I an opportunity of affording just as little information as it chooses. This manceuvre was, however, frustrated by Coumt Schwerin moving that the matter be referred to a select committee, but never- I theless nothing will be gained by the agitation, seeing that the committee has been carefully packed with 14 men thoroughly favourable to the Government, who will not fail to recommend the House not to take any further steps in the matter. Seiffart is repre-' sented in the papers as having taken up his abode in the Harz ever since he became publicly implicated in the affair, and of intending to remove to Dresden for the summer, for the purpose of keepinmg out of the clutches of this Government; but all this I is nonsense, as he is still living in Potsdam, and can only be subjected to an investigation by his superior1 officer in the Board of Revision, he not having com-| mitted any offence against the law. He is also said' to have threatened that he vill make further disclosures if his enemies do not cease their intrig,ues against him. This is probably as little true as the former; he will have to standeor falU by the contents of his own defence, or by any further particulars that can be proved against him. The object of the party who published and distributed his defence was not to injure him, but to inculpate the Minister-President Inthe latter attempt they have failed; even those least well-disposed towards him considertthe attempt a failure or premature, and, in addition to the dis- tinction he has already received from the King (the Order of the Black Eagle), he will probably be made the subject of various ovations wheni he returns hither from Paris. The intention that had been entertained by various i members of both Houses of the Legislature here to present an address to the Kinig, congratulating him on the return of peace, has been given up, rather than afford any opportunity of bringing the subject of the foreign policy of Prussia into discus-' sion. When the treaty has been ratified by the various Powers, it is intended here to celebrate a solemn Te Deuan in all the churches in celebration of the event. From last Sunday up to the time of the-1 ratification of the peace the prayer that was lately offered up for this blessing is to be replaced by a form of thanksgiving couched as nearly as possible in the same form as the prayer. The thanksgiving Iruns as followvs: "Almighty and merciful God, we thank Thee for that Thou has averted from our country the horrors of war, and blessed the counsels of the King in the preser-ation to us of peace. More especially we thank Thee that Thou bast guided the hearts of all those to whom the rule over rnations has been confded by Thy hanid to strive afte the preservation and restoration of that peace, and to be mindful of Thy words: 'Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God.' To Thy name he I * It must be supposed that Russiais included, as the word P ' aciscentea n was employed by my infonrant.
- I ITALY. (FROM OUR QOW CORRESPONDMNTA. TU-WlPI¢, APPRL 5., Yesterday the Great Britain sailed from Genoa at 3p.m.with tle3d(Rife) Reginent of the'AngloItalian Legion, bound, as before, for Malta. Tne regiment was embarked on Thursday evening' between 5 and G o'clock, having arrived at Genoa the sane day by railway from Chiavasso tidNovara'and Alessandria. It numbered about 1J,00 all told, but, as there were several men of each of-the tvo other regiments attached, who had been left behind in hospital or on staff employ, there were probably 'over 1,100 men onboard. Lieuteniant.-Colonel Grant, 33.A.G. ; Captain Creyke, A.D;Q.G.; Major Pinelli, 1st Regiment; and other officers of, the Legion, not belonging to this regiment, also took passage in the ship, The embarcation was effected this tiie with. still greater ease than on former occasions as those engaged in the direction -were thoroughly prepared, the weather was most propitious, and the only drawback to the universal good humour attending it was the disagreeable duty which the commanding officers had to perform in refusing passages to soldiers' wvives. As the order on this su'oject is imperative and unmistakable therewas no alternative but to refuse one and all, and the men being thus convinced that at least there was no partiality in the execution, soon became reconciled to a haidship which they saw all must bear alike. Your correspondent in. the Crimea has lately. borne testiniony to the handiness and alacrity with which the Sardinian soldiers have ' adapted themselves to circumstances; 'and adapted tho means at hand to their own end,'and I believe' the men of this Legion will be found in no way behind their compatriots in the Crimea in this respect. On this account, as weeU as because of their exemplary conduct in quarters,-l the Italian Legion wvouild be admirably suited for duty in the coloniea, and for such service it might, perhaps, be worth while to complete the other two' regiments formerly contemplated, and' to which the home authorities continue appointing officers, even in the latest Gazette, although they have suspended recruiting. The officers of the L-egion concuur in praise of the tractability of their men, and the inhabitants of the towns wvhere they have been stationed are unanimous in applauding their guod conduct; in fact, since the commencement of the Legion there has been hardly any crime, except being absent without leave occasionally, and drunkenness is unknowvn among them. lVWith the return of peace the trade of Genoa will naturally acquire a very great dev elopment, although it 'has not been by any means so much depressed from the effects of w,ar as many other ports of the MIediterranean, and one of the first -schemes spoken of for meeting the expected increase is a company for the construction of docks. It was said that Count =Cavour had already arranged with the C3redit Mobilier of Paris to advance a loan for that purpose, and that the Government would sell to the company the "Darsena," or Arsenal, (removing the Royal naval establishment altogether to Spezziaq,) in order to build docks on the ground, which is decidedly the most convenient position in the harbour; but, as there is a' strong feeling among the Genoese in favour of retaining the Royal NWavy, and as the transfer to Spezzia would entail a very considerable outlay which the Chambers migrht hesitate in voting at this moment, another plan has been proposed, whereby the same company may construct their docks just to the north of the Darsena, and c.lose to the new railway station, without disturbing {he present Government works. Another undertaking which marks strongly the increase of the shipping trade at Genoa, and w hich is to commence operations early next week, is the establishment of a steam flour mill and biscujit bakery at Conegliano, a little distance fromn Genoa, on the Voltri line of railway. It is the property of a private company, and the works have been made and put up by MIessrs. Gordon, of Stockport. As constructed at present these works are capable of grinding 480 bushels a-day, and baking about six tons of biscuit, but space has been left to double this power if necessary, and it is the intention of the proprietors to do so, should they find an increased demand. Tlhe opening of the Black Sea and Danube has already had some effiect on the market of Genoa. Sugar, coffee, and other colonial produce likely to be in immediate demand in llussian or Danubian port, have risen considerably, while hemp and other articles usually imported from Russia have slightly fallen in price; wheat has fallen fully 2f. the hectolitre, but rather in anticipation of a free exportation from Naples and those countries where exportation has been prohibited than from any great amount expectedfrom the Black Sea thisyear - and Indian corn, peas, beans, &tc., have also fallen proportionately. The Orleans family has ag,ain taken ulp its abode at Kervi, in the Palace of the Marquis Serra. The es-Queen is so much restored that in a short time it is hoped she will be able to undertake the journey northward, when she will at once return to Claremnont. Yesterday Prince Augustus of Saxe-Coburg and family came to Turin to visit the King, and returned to Nervi in the evening. = ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ,p
Tim STBTHORP CoiEmcaoxo.-Yesterday the sale of the choice collection of works of art, the property of the late Colonel Sibthorp, ILP., was commenced by Messrs. Christie and Manson, at their rooms in Kingstreet, St. James's, to which it had previously been removed for that purpose from the deceased's residence in Eatonsquare. A portion of the fine service of plate belonging to the deceased was sold on the preceding day, but the interest attaching to that was small as compared with that of yesterday's sale, which attracted a considerable number of connoisseurs and collectors, and several of - the articles gave rise to a spirited competition. The collection includes, among other things, Oriental curiosities, ornamental Dlate, carvings in ivory and wood, modern water-colour drawings and pictures, miniatures and engravings, bronzes, Palissy, Gras de Flanders, and Cologne ware, Limoges enamels, works of mediveval art, old Worcester, Dresden, S6vres, and Berlin porcelain, Terracottas, sculpture, and old Buhl and Marqueterie furniture. The sale has been apportioned over nine days, two of which are passed. That of yesterday was confined to Oriental curiosities, articles of verhe , ancient ornamental plate, and carvings in ivorv. The subject which occasioned the most animated competition and elicited the greatest admiration, was lot 315, a magnificent carving in ivory, in the form of a-pedestal, represeniting Silenus and attendants, in high relief, mounted with or-molu, and exquisitely finished, which '-was eventually knocked down to Mr. David Falcke, of New Bond-street, for 208 guineas. The late Colonel bought it a few years ago, in the same auction-room, for 45 guineas, at the sale of Sir M-ark Svkes's effects, and he regarded it as the greatest gem in his collection. Lot 313, a fine carving in ivory, in the shape of a tankard, commemorating one of the battles of Alexander, after te Brun, in high relief, tho handle formed of a panther, and surmounted by the figuire of a warrior on a fluted base, was sold to Mr. obhson, of Harley-stieet, for 57 guineas; as -was alsolot 314, a superb tankard of ivory, carved with a Roman battle in relief, for 431. Lot 216, a fine large tripod vessel of ancient Cbinese enamel on metal, wvith plants a;d ornaments in colours on a turquoise ground, was purchased by M. Wetterhan for 6St. Lot 200, a Chinese gong and beater, brought 10 guineas. Lot 223, an ecxquisito Dresden enamel on copper, representing a view of the Lake of Geneva, seven guineas. Lot 225, a model of a cannon on a carriage, with rammer,abeaatiful specimenof Orientalmoss;3ndagate, was sold to. Wetterhan, for 30t.10s. Lord Kilmoreybought 'lot 228, a caterpillar, of gold and enamel, set with diamonds, .with a mechanical movement, for 141.; as also lot 230, an heptagonal-shaped tankard and cover, of silver gilt, chased with flowers, and engraved with f6ur figures of virgins, from the Duke of Sussex's collection, for 161.; and lot 33, Venus with a dolphin, in high relief, beautifully cut in ivory, for 10 glineas. Lot 231, a beautiful scalloped cup, from Stowe, of rock crystal, engraved with flowers, and mounted with engraved silver gilt and amethysts-Mr. D. Falke, 161. 10s. ' Lot 233, a curious metal watch, in cruciform case of crystal, by Johan Scyller Ulme-Mr. Marks, 121. Lots 238-39, twvo pairs of ostrich-egg cups, lined and mounted with silver, with gilt reins and feet, from the collection of the Duke of S6ssex-Ir. "Benjamin, 3l. 5s. each pair. Lot 243, a pair of cups, each formed of two nautilus' shells, carved mith ornaments, and mounted with silver gilt, from Mrs. Russell's collection-Mr. D. Falcke, 10 guineas. Lot 267, a pair of gilt ewers and covers, in silver, with spouts and chased tops, engraved wvith the arms and cyphers of William and Mary, from the same collection-MIr. Redfern, of Warwick, 35. Lot 273, abeautiful small tankard of glass, mounted with silver gilt with engraved medallion portraits, chased with masks, and a Papal medal in the lid, of the date of 1763, .fter a spirited competition, was sold to Mr. D. Faleke. for 74t. Lot 274, a small tankard of lava, mounted with silver gilt, with the monotaram of Isaac Walton, and dated 1640, from the collection o! the Deake of Sussex-Mr. Attenborough, I 121.5s. Lot2S6, anelestriaafi much I admired-Mr. D. Faeke, 621. Lot 298, a figure of a peasant _forming a bottle-carryingapig, a duck, andabottle with a Latin inscription of the date of 1634 M Dulareher, ;of Bond-street, 2G6. 15s. 6d. Lot 299, a figure of a peasant with his dog-forming a bottle-German work of the 17th century, 16 inches high-M. Dularcher, 27?. 16s. 6d. Lot 302, a Russian tankard of platinum and silver gilt, chased, on ball feet engraved with subjects and a monogram and coronet on the lid-M. Hertz, 461. Lot 304, a Cupid, in iyory, drawn in a car,by amale andfemale figures, in dbeayr frame, with trophies and foliage in ivory, 15 guineas. *Lot 316a, a beautiful set of ivory chessmuen, composed of Romana emiperors. knights, and foot soldiers, elaborately can ed M!r. D. Falcke, 40 guineas. 'These were the prindpaland .most notable lots dis'posed of in the course of the day. i nd the aggregate result of the day's sale was about 1,40QI,
MONEY-MARKETanu CITYNTBELLIGE-OCE. e ,g Thury %uvenig. The English funds opened this morniing at an advance of aneigith on the improved quotations of yesterday, and soon experienced a further rise; but the muarket subsequentlylost its buoyancy, and sales were made after r4gular hours at a reaetion of three-eighths per cent. Consols for money were first quoted 93k to , whence they advanced to 93s to Ar. They then went back to 93k to 4 at which they remained with steadiness until neaf the termination of business, when they suddenly underwent' a decline of a quarter per cent., the final prices being 93 for money and 93M for the 8th of Mlay. No cause was assignea for the fall beyond an impression that, owing to the large shipments of specie to the East last week, the ne.xt Bank returnwill prove unfavourable. The payment of the 1,350,000l. on the loan was effected to-day without any sign of increased pressure, and the settlement of the account likevise passed off satisfactorily. The current rate for money in the Stock-Exchange. remains at 6 per cent., and no immediate diminution of the demand is looked for, the advances repayable at the Bank of England this week being very large. Bank Stock left off at 213 to 215a; Reduced, 92k; N[ew Three per Cents., 934-; India Stock, 228 to 230; India-bonds, 9s. to 4s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 983 to4-; andEixchequer-bills (MIarch), ls. to 4s. premnium; (June), 3s. to ls. discount. Foraign securities were steady, and in some cases there w;as a, slight tendency to further improvement. Russian, Turkish, and Mlexican were principaLly dealt in. The general transactions comprised13razilian F?ive per Cents. New, 100; the New, 1843, 93;. Chilian Six. per Cents., 103; Ecuador New Consolidated, 154 aud i-; Granada New Active, 22; the Deferred, 74-; Me.xican for account, 224 and 23; Peruvian Three per Cents., for account, 5g;; Russianl Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95k, i, 96, 954-, and 95; Spanish Three per Cents., 45s i the New Deferred, for money and the account, 25; Spanish Certiflcntes, 5Z; Turkish Six per Cents., for account, 994- and i-; the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for money, 1024 and 102 ; Dutch Twro-anda-Ealf per Cents., 634-; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 94. The closing quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris B3ourse this evening were 73f. 40c. for money and 73f. 90c. for the end of the month, showing scarcely any reaction from the advance of yesterday. A prospectus has been issued of an Italian Junction :RailwYay Company with a capital of 1,000,0001. in 101. shares, two-thirds to be subscribed in Switzerland and lFrance and one-third in England. The object is to connect the French system of railways with the Piedmontese and Italian by a line of 70 miles from the Lake of Geneva to Biieggr, ulltimoately to be carried by the pass of the Simplon to the town of Arona, in Piedmont. The Swiss Governnent have granted a concession in perpetuity, taking payment in shares for all the land and wood required. The second reading of the bill introduced by the Chancellor of the iExchequer to prevent insurances being effected with foreign fire-offices is stated to be fixed for to-morrow evening. Two amendments, it is said, will be proposed-one that the bill be read that day six months, the other that the duty be reduced to ls. Petitions in support of the representations submitted to the Chancellor of the Exchequer a few weeks back by a deputation from the ILancashire Insurance Company, in favour of a reduction of duty, will likewise be presented from Glasgow, Liverpool, and Manchester. A meeting of the creditors of MIr. W. 0. Young, ship and insurance broker, who failed on the 4th inst., was held to-day, Mr. D). Dunbar presiding, when the following statement was submitted by MIr. J. E. Coleman, the accountant, showing assets valued at only 25,249!. against debts for 6;5,750!., exclusive of heavy liabilities on underwriting accounts: Dr. , s.sd Tocereditois on sbipbroldng and other open accouats 15,510 0t 0 Creditorson miderwritiog accounts.. .... 2. 560 0 0 Ditto, snsuranceaeeounti .... .3..3100 0 0 Ditto, biU payable .......... .. .. .40,160 0 0 Liabils.ies on baiDreceevable .. 19,1S5 1 10 ILe3se bills expected to be duly honouredl !i abrmaturity ..........17,265 1.10 Clreditorsholdingsecurity.4,0 0. £o e 1,2 0o Security held.2...... .. .2320 0 0 61.900 0 0 Liabllity-inreepectofLsiverpaol agescy ..0 .. 0.SO 65,750 0 0 Cr. £. s .d BSycaslibalsueein hand .23....... ..... . . i Ship. and shares in ships, and profits of same, and suDary other assets .100. 0. 0.. .. .lOi Debtors on shipbrolking accounts ....6,27-0 0 0 Ditto onmsderwritiug accounts ..5. . .00 0.c 0 Ditto on insurance accounts .. ...631 0 0 DittoonabiUlspayable after the parties have takren up their draughts ........ .. .. .2,533 0 0 Commissions not yet miade up .1 .. .. ,500 0 0 Sinidsy shipments .2...... .. ,, 77 0 0 lls receivable ........ .. ... ... 206 0 0 26,007 5 10 Less salaries, ac.1. .. .. . ..i2as 0 0 25,249 S 10 It was ex;plained by the chairman that he was consulted by MIr. Young on Friday last, after the suspension of Syers, Walker, and Co. A glance at the state of his affairs showed that an immediate stoppage would be the only honourable course, and Mr. Young at once consented. With regard to the accounts, Mr. Coleman mentioned that, although they had been prepared at a very short notice, they were beLieved to approximate sufficiently to exhibit the condition of the estate. In the arrangement of the ordinary business of the firtu little difficulty is likely to be encountered, but the underwsriting branch involves liabilities, the result of which cannot yet be ascertained. The balance due from Syers, WValker, and Co. is about 27,0001. An old friendship having existed between Mr.DI. Syers and MIr. Young previous to the failulre of the former firm of Syers and Co., in India, in 1843, it continued subsequently. l'When Syers and Co. again started in business Mr. Young endeavoured to assist them. In this manner they became joint owners of ships, and were also interested in MIanilla sugar and teak timber. Hence arose the bill transactions,' which were in the first instance based on actual commercial operations,, but which afterwards increased through the depreciation in produee and the great margins required on loans. MIr. Young hoped up to a recent period that these liabilities would run off, and Messrs. Syers and Co., it is alleged, considered in November last that their estate showed a surplus of 70,0001. The great ex;tent of their speculations, however, caused the late fall in rice and other articles to resullt in their sudden ruin. B3ut for the heavy liabilities associated writh the underwriting account Mr. Young, it was stated, would have been in a situation to make some definite offier on a realization of his assets. That course being imupracticable, he is prejpared to adopt any proceeding the majority of his creditors may advise. A question raised-with respect to the exact relationship of the late MVr. Beckwith, of Newcastle, in connexzion wvith the underwriting carried on by Mr. Young, gave rise to considerable discussion, a difference'of opinion prevailing as to the existence of a partnership. It was therefore agreed, before adopting any determination as to the way in which the estate shall be wound up, to appoint MIr. Pitcairn anld Mr. Stevens to investigate the books and documents, wvith the view of settlini thlat ques- tion, and an adjournment for a weekgwas iiimmediately carried. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Saunders and Harson, seed-crushers, oil refiners, and soapmakers whO failed on the 7th inst., was also held to-day, when it was proposed to pav a composition of lOs. in the polundby instalments at six, nine, and 12 nonths, provided certain indirect liabilities which are spread over the next four months should not fall upon the estate, but be met by the parties primarily responsible. No positive determination was arrived at, but tfhe general feeling was in favour of the arrangement There was a lengthened discussion at the meeting of the Royal West India Steam Company to-day on the- general financial position of the undertaking. The proposal of the directors to declar a dividend of 21. per share, together with a bonis of equal amount, w as nlegatived on a ballot by a majority of 47 votes (the respective numbers being 422 and 409), and the following amendment was adopted. The contested election for directors resulted in the return of Mr. Greenwood, Mr. Bibbert, and MEr. Tuffnell:_ " That the directors be requested to withdraw from the debit side of the profit and loss account the sum of 63,676- lOs. Sd., being the balance transferred from the general reserve fund, thus mraidng te balance in favour of the company 121.913!;. 13s.. cud that out of such balance there be paid a dividend of 21. per share and a bonus of 51." At the half-yearly meet,ing of the Agra and United Service B;nk, held at Calcutta on the 14th: of February, the proiits fof the six months were stated at 42,6711., 'which, after providing for a divindend at the rate of 10 per eent., left 7,6711. to be carried.to the reserved fund, now aianounting to - 12S,5181.
TBADE BEPoBT. cepting that it is nalt:elrationnThuisday Evening SUGAL-There is no atriointhe market to-day, cxCePingtht i i flt,with & drooping tendencey. The Eaterpar-yt ofthe quantity put up at auction was with. ~wn-vim, 2,726 boxes Ifavannah, 1,734 baskets aud 67 bags Java,. and 97 hhds. Porto Rico. 1,449 bags Bahia sold as follows :-Low to good brown, 37s. 6d. to 3%- d. miduling soft gray, 39s. Gd. to 40s.; strong ditto, 40o, d to 42s.; good bright yellow, 42s. 6d.; niddling to oodwhite, 44s. to 46s. Gd. Of West India only ol hhds.- have been sold. A fioating cargo of 1,900 boxes HavannRh kg been disposed of for the continent. COFM-lNo public sales. MICE.-Market quiet, but steady. SALTPrTBE.-No transactions to notice. TA.LLOW.-The marketis firm to-day, at 48s. 3d. to 48s. Gd. on the spot, and 49s. is paid for delivery in the hlst three months. Delivery for half-week, 967 casks.
TE. coTH zC r TADE. 7INC=STE1- AIriL 10 * -crey aLny aismrocio nua occurrea -in tile state of tihe tade. since our last report, a moderate consuzulntive demand having been experiencedformost article at the prices then current. With a change of wind Te have to notice large arrivals at Liverpool of foreign wheat and Indian corn, together vith a tolerably fair quan- tity of 3iour, aud moderate of beans; but from other sources the supplies are smalL. There was a slender attendance at our market this morning. WVnatas in limited request, and secondrsT qualities of English and Axerican must be called 16. per quarter and 2dL per 701b. lowier respectively. Flour likewise met a vecy slow sale, although offered at areduction of 6L. to 1s. per sack and barrel. Oats and oatmeal Twere steady at ls~erate, inEnglsh bans herewas o chnge,but gyptiansere Is.per quarte lchhebaepenr. ndianconrn declined Is to as. per GLASGOW, Avti 9. Since last week we have had showery weather, favourable to vegetation. whichsis still rather backward. Coastwvise and from Ireland the arrivals eontinue light; from alroad by the Clyde, they embraced 5.034 quarters of wheat from Alexandria 2,604 barrels of fiour from New York, and 1.47C quarters of Indian cornfromNewOrleans; vid Grangemoith, 2,426 cquarter of wheat from the coutioent. Business, being oonSned to the supply of immuediato wants, has presented no newfeature, exceptin the price of native wheat, vhich, being scarce, has become more valuable. This d3y's market was thinly attended, and the llttle passing in any article was at about the previous currency, save Scotch wheat, which realised an advance of 6d. to Is, per 11401b.
BAILWAY BEFOLM.-BAStEAY COUNTIBES RAILWAY. r? , TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIS. Sir,-31bf. Waddington, in a letter published byyou as an advertise3ment on Saturday last, avers that 1 am exhibiting " malice" for his resisting successfully an extortionate claim for ny Land required for the Loug;htoulRailv;ay. The subjoined letter from 3iIr. Rlandall. the solictor to the purchasers oi the estate, vi~L show that the impuptation is g;roundless. The assnociation over *whith I have the honour to preside i*ili proceed on pub ic grto und s a one , t a.n dh a d Inte i ncli snatio itv ould not he ysc motives asu those attributed to inc hy 31r. Waildinstou. AYILLM. MALIS. 430, West Strand, April 9, 1506. - (copy.) 14, Tokenhouse-yard, April S. 1856. DearSir.-'Tyattention having been called to the letterofltsrs. Crowder, Maynard, and Co., publLhed by Mr. Waddington on Satarday last. I think it due to you to state that you sold the estate in question (through which the Loughton line passes) to my clients in the 3month of August, 1853, after the passing of tho act for constructlng that Jinc,andyou were to ren der the urchasers all necessary assistanoe in obtaining compenation from the railwray comP3ny for the land which would be required by them;- but, as it rwas stipulatedin the contnsct ths.t the compen.sation received should go in reduction of the puzchase money, it made no difference to you whether the compensatiot was£l.oOOorSlS,OtO. Tho £100 mentioned in the letter inquestion was the amount agreed on for coats incurred by me, and was receiveI bymne. I am, dear Sir, yours faithfully, (Signed) C. r. RANDALL. william aihlin, s q. .
STATE 0o TRADR.-11MCHwESTER, April 10.-The market continues firm, with a moderate business. The sellers of both yarn and cloth are mostly without stock in the principal goods required, and, having e-xtensive orders for home demand and for India and China, decline to take new engagements except at an advance. Buyers hesitate to give higher prices, but still the tendency is upwards. The position of producers is much better than for - some time past. I2EvOrTATION- oF COTTON -Thrs LivERPOOI.-No fewer than 101,000 bales of cotton were received at Liverpool on Tuesday. 1xROWrSTRRS' QUARTERLY M.E-M-M-GS.-I1cMaNGr, Thlrsday.-The meeting of ironmasters and iron. merchants from various parts of the country, held in the Town-hall this afternoon, was numerously attended, and fully su orted the improved feeling manifested at the one held in V olverhampton yesterday. Notwithstanding the caution exhibited by both buyers and sellers, a considerable amount of business was transacted, and; as anticipated, merchants who had held back in the expectation that, in conesuence of the Late dullness of trade, a reduction of prioes mig,ht talie place, w ere cornpelled to purchase at the _aices settled a fortnight ago. It was stated that goodrandtay orders have been received in North Staffordshire, and tha 30,000 tons are required for the India market. The latter have, howvever, been taken chiefly by iVeIsh masters, but the influ;x has a further tendeaev to give firmness to South Staffordshie prices. '[here is an inmprovement in the home demand for South Staffordshire iron, but the greatest bopes are entertained with regard to future ex5ortations to France, Northern. Europe, and the United States. The return of peace, although at present not materially felt, is expected in this neighbDurhood to produce most beneficial reQelts. Tha extension of foreign railways is deemed certain; but, notwithstanding these. plezaing anticipations, we no not hear that there have yet occxrred any speculative contracts for the supply of the matemial which vill be required. In fact, so far as we can learn, ,he discasters which occarred in Sotlah Staffordshire a few months ago have taught lessons of prudence which w ill have a salutary effct upon even the anost.san,uine and least considerate ironinasters of the di&. trict. The state o£ the money-mark=et, aid more especially the dear-bought esperience of the local eanking companies} w-ho, at tho timue to which werefer, weie Eso profusei b their accommodation, will operate as check against a re. 2aewal of recklless speculations in the iron trade. MIAnS BoB NoRwAY.-The steampacket commiu- nication betw een Denmark and Nprmsay having been re established, the mails from the united kingdom for Norway will be conveed direct by sea from Denmarl to Nora, instead of rid Sweden, tntil further notice. The rate of poslage to be tak-en on letters addressed to Norway will be ls. 4d. the half-ounce, and so on, according. to th' Wcale in operation inx the united ;ingdom for charging i.land letters. Thisratecomprisesboth the British.aud- foreign postage on the letters tO the place of their destination, and it maybe either paid inxadvauie or The letterb miy be forwarded upaid; at the option of the sender, except, how. ever, as regards registered letters, the postage upon whibh,. as w ell as the reritation fee, nuet bg paid in advance. f
RAIL WAY ANDUINIjYG SHA PS. Thursday Evening. The railmay-market opened with firmnness, and there was a fair amount of business transacted. The highest prices were not, however, in all cases supported. A reaction occurred in some of the foreign shares, but Indian and Canadian were generally well maintained. MIiscellaneous securities were more freely dealt in, and those connected with mining have attracted increased attention. Bank of Egypt left offb1~ to § pm.; Ottoman Bank, 1i to 2 pm.; *Western of London, S to 2 dis.; London and Paris, .S to 2 dis.; and Alliance Bank, 1 dis. to par. Rusan Railway shares were quoted 1:§ to 2 premium. ORD1r\AR1V RTTARES ANMD SRTOnlv
[Advertisement.]-" Walker's Dictionary," by Nuttall, in I vol., feap. Svo, price 2s. cloth, or free by post for 28 stamps.- 'Walker's Psonouacing Dictionary,"byDr. NIuttall, thelSththousand. -This completely newi edition of "Walker's Dictionary," of which 16,000 copies have 'oeen sold in less than 12 months, contains upvards of 2.000 wvords that arc omitted in almost all cheap dictionaries, besides an English Grammar, a Guide to the Rules of Pronunciation- the Laws of English Versitication-Pronimciation of the score impruatant Languages-French, German, Dutch, Danish, Swedisb, Italia%n Spanish, Portuauese, Modem Greek. It comprises Chronological Tables, List of Cities, Boroughs, and Townvs in England andWales, with their market-days. It is, in fact, a perfect Treasury of Knowledge. London, George Routledge and Co.. Farrinvdon-street. [Advertiseluent.]-A new volume of the " Cotta-e Gardener. Country Gentleman's Companion, and Poultry Chronicle," edited by G. W. Johnson, Esq.. and Robert Hogg. Easq., price 3d., weekly, commenced wvith the numberpizblished on the 1st of April. No. 3M3. just publisbed, contains-Meeting of the Horticultural Society-Soft wooded planits that bloom in wiinter and spring-Dwvarf kidney andscarlet-rmuner beans-the best dalilias-Difficulties of young gardenlers-the household-Indian com-Riband gardening and young gardeners-Moveable greenhouses-Plants for a grave-Tea scentedl roses-Pruning camellias-Greerbouse in ashaded yard-Deneficial re. sults of pousltry exhibitions-Rabbit.keeping-P1igeon-keeping-Foultry-keeping-Londo,s markets-Interesting correspondence on nual and houisehold matters, &c. A specimen numuber, poet free, for four pestage st-amps. The new volume, price 8s. Wd., will be sent postage free for its pnee in postage stamps. The editors are preparing a series of uiseful " muanuals for the man," intended to form a coin lete course of instruction in profitable riral piusuits, and issued nt suc a price as to place them mitiin the reach of the lIumblest cottager. "Gardening for the Many," price 3de. " Allotment Frnning for the lfanuy," price 3d. ",Bee-kreping for the' Many," price 4d.-are now read', and vi lihe followed imnmediately byotiser practical manuaLs on kindred subjects. A liiberal allowance ',ill e made to country gentlemen art cler"ymeinreitsiring COl)ies for distribution. Cottage Gardener-office, 20, 'atemoster-row, Lndoin. [Advertisement.1-" The Solitary Hunter," foolscap 8vo, price Is. Cd., fanicy boards, or free by post for 20 postage stamps. ''The Solitary Hunter," orSporting.Adventures inthe Prairies, byjohn PallEer, Esq., with eight ilustrations from actual sketches. " Every sj:ortrsasi, or loser of sport. shouild rcad 'The Solitaryu Huter.' His romnantic adventures and mair-breath escapes among the boundless prairies of the Far West surpass anythinig of the kind we have ever renl of before. The book strikes us as bein- thoroughly superior to that of the famouis lion-kiUcr Jules G&rariZ or his English rival, (Gordon Cumming." Loiidon: George ltoutledge and Co., Farringdon-street. [Adver iiseibent.]-AUnanimousVerdict.-Tle "Amusing Li rary" has received the snsiversal suffrage of the British press, ns being the best nf thle popular libraries of the day. The " Daily Express" eclioes the general testimony, in saying tshat it " presents attract'ons unjeiualled by sny other -cries. " It is suited," says another. "for al r'as3es and for al' ages, is beauitifully printed and bound, and containsnot a word of an immoral or controversial nature-charactelistiis,in vhich ve believe it standts alone." It contains the admired romances of " Conscience, the charming tales of Mrs. Hal, and the extraordinary adventures of Gerard the "Lion KiUer." Lambert and Co., 462, New Oxford-street. [Advertisement.]-" Elegant Arts for Ladies."-Eve'y fathershould place this new book in his daughter's hands. It treats upon every art and accomplishment, and is superbly illustrated With 300 engravings. A more useful or elwant book does not eiSt; rice. 30. 6d.. richly gilt. "Eechlstin's andbook of Cage-BIrds" rie 2s. 6d.) ought to be bought by all wvho keep birds. " The V sif,X Own Book of Cookery" will secure a goed dinner with the most slender means. Over220descriptive ilustrations add to the sitility and value of this work, wbich contains above l,fO original receipts for dishes that raybegot b ip in any household, and are adapted to all incomes; price 3s. 6n." Treasulres in Needlework," by Mrs. Warren and MJrs. Pullan, Ss. Gd. Ward and Lock, 1S, Fleet-street. (Advertisement.]-" The Wife's own Book of Cook-ery" is illustrated will above 250 descriptive engravings, and contains 1,.00 original receipts, adapted to all incomes. Ir inclides economic methods of roastini, boiling, broiling, and stewing meat, fish, poultry, se instructions for makling pies, pudtliD ad all other pstr; howv to pickle and preserve frmits and vegetables: cookery for invallds atnd children; and plain directions on earring. This is a remarkably useful book, price Is. 6d. The 550w book"," Elegant Aria for Ladies," 3s. Od.; and " Beckatein's Handbook of Cage-bu ds," 2g. 6d., should be found upon every drawingsroom sable. They ae prfusl I'LUstratesd. Indon Wadan ok,18 [Advertisement.)-The " D4satch" of Sunday next, April 13, will contain the proceedings wefore the Crimean.Militaiy Ineuiry-an essay entitled " A Patemal Governoment`-Feace M anifesto nO the Emperorof Russia-Letters by " Pabicola" on "The Woman's Froperty Question "1 and by " Caustic," " In peace prepare for war"Town Talkl, &c. Office, 139. Fleet-street. [Advertisement.>The "Sunday Times."-On Sunday next, April 13, a special edition of thin jommal, consisting of 10,0CO opies. wll be prepared for transmission to Australia, containing all ith latest home and colonial intelligence, sporting news, and all matter of interest to the colonies. Adlvertisers wishing to have their advertisements inserted in this edition Wil please to send them to the cfllce. 103, Fleet-street, on or before Friday aftemoon next. Notwithstanding that advertisements will appear in al the editions of the "Sunday Times" nO extra charge willb emade. A large numberof the "'uhday Times" is forwarded every mail to Australia azd New York,
. JUDICIAL COMMITTEE -OF PRIVY COUIVOIL, huriursday, AprlZ 10. I,RISSEP AXD THE HON. EAST INDIA COMP.UNY V. DYCE' - qTnXTRR-P.- rPn1l'P Asn qAT.APnTT ('Bgoe .U1: PEBEIERTON LETGcr, Sir EDNvWRD RYuN, Dr. ousGTon anuZ Loidds'Jw!tces M-,IGUT BRUCE and Iv r The SorncIToR-GNumxL,_ in continuing his argument, Faid it had been contended that things which would have been conclusive proofs of insanity in ordinary men were in Itr. Dyce Sombre only proofs of the ordinary state of his mind, and corresponded with his antecedents as an Asiatic; but when Mr. Rolt, his counsel in thq Court of Chancery, represented him as an Asiatic he wrote a letter repudiating it, and asserted that he was a European in every respect. It was interesting to observe the manner in which he imbibed and learnt the lessons which had been taught him, and to see how ready he was to repeat . them in a very imposing way to physicians selected by himself, who had 20 previous knowledge of him, and who bad no opportunity of being well instructed as to tlse peculiar character of his delusions. One of the witnesses examnined by the respondents said that when his disease was at its height he spoke with a dignified demcanour. He (the Solicitor-General) had seldom seen cunning exhibited iu a more extraordinary way than it had been by the deceased. In consequence of having been tutored by Mr. Prinsep, Mr. Miahon, and Lord Combermere, lie said that he supposed he had been in error *%ith regard to Mrs. Dyce Sombre, that he had entertained delusions, and that he had given them up ; but there was no hearty retractation of the horrid charges which lie had made, and which there would have been, had he really recognized them as (lelusions. On the contrary, he acknowledged about the time of the execution of the will that he had been obliged to retractthem, but that in realityhe still thought hisassertions as toher infidelitywere true. He(the Solicitor-General) would have liked to ask themedical witnessesproduced by the anpIlants whether the habits in which tlse deceased indulged after 1846 wvere likely to lead to his recovery. He came over to this country a mass of corruption, and at last died of mortification affectin- his whole body. The learned counsel for the appellants lad said that the medical examinations of 184S and 1849 were to be distinguished from others which he had undergone, and wvere to be accepted as proofs of his bein- in a state of mind very different from that whiclh they adcnitted to be rampant insanity ; but if those examinations were good for anything it was only to show that the deceased had never been insane at aL There was no one medical witness nor any one single piece of evidence brought fonvard by the appellants that had the smallest application to the question which their Lordships had to decide-namely, had the insanity come to an end and was the deceased of reasoning and disposing mind at the date of the will? There was not one word whlich could be adduced in affirmation of that conclusion, because it was a conclusion which could only be arrived at by persons having complete means of information, and that couldonlybe afforded to thembytheirbeingputinpossession oftheadmittedfactthat therewere symptomsof insanity, and that the symptoms were such as had been described by the respondents. There were passages in the examination conducted by Drs. Bright and Southey, in 1848, which showed the manner in which the delusions were manifested, andthe way in which he had been tutored to answer the questions put to him. It was necessary to consider the character and constitution of his nsind in order to meet the theory upon which the whole of the medical evidence advanced by the appellants was founded. Before his insanity he was remarkable for his kindness, his good-nature, the franlmess of his demeanour, and the ready manner in which he accommodated himself to the usa;es of European society. He moved in the first circles. Hiss owvn description of himself, and the way in which he protested against being treated as an Asiatic, were given i the "refutation." It was not necessary to dwell on the character of his insanity, or the complete prostration of his mind. This was not a case of monomania, but of plain absolute insanity. Independently of the original delusion which possessed his mind, and which unhinged it and remained to the last, his imaginationwas susceptible of other delusions and other erroneous inpressions, which subsequently manifested themselves. Long after the indications of primary madness had existed his mind was occupied with the belief that Isis daughter, who died on her passage to England, was stil alive. In 1851 be believed that Mr. Campbell w.as another person, and, notw ithstandincg his mistake was pointed out to him, he persisted in it. Ye also believed that a person was in the room when no one was there. When restrained by society he assumned the character and manner of a gentleman; but when alone he stripped himself, and by variois indecent acts showed the debased state to whichl his mind was reduced. His language was grossly indelicate and profane. 'The suddeni transition of Isis conduct towards General Ventura was a proof of his madness, after being on the most affectionate terms with him, and treating him as a son would a father, he suddenly sent himl two chalienacs and coimected him with his original delusion. Not oniy did that original delusion continue, but he descended to a decreasingly lower grade of mind, until he acted like a msan altogether devoid of reason. That which wvas relied upon as a proof of his sanity was nothing more than an evidence that he was acted upon by external influences. The direction given to him, in order that he might get a niore complete revenge, 'vas to conceal his susicion and avow a falsehood. There were a series of letters owing the prompting, and, in point of fact, coercing lessonswhich he had receivedfrom Lordand Lady Combermere, and which explained tIle laliguagefound in his medical examinations of 1848. He (the Solicitor-General) drew from them the inference that those who so dealt with him must in their inward minds have been perfectly satisfied and convinced of the continuance of his delusions- The further hearing was adjourned until to-molTow (this day).
LAW REPORT. VICE-OHIANOELLORS' COTTRTs ApTRT. 10 ENTWISTLE V. CANON. (Before VYce-ChanaUedor Sir R. T. 1KiDERSLEY.) Xr. WV. H. l1ERRELL asked leave to set down this cause as a special case under Sir George Turner's Act. The plaintiff was a married woman, -who claimed under a will a share in a legacy of 4201., given to a class of persons equally, and also a share of the general residue, in case a gift of that residue was not effectual. The trustees had power to give receipts, and were made defendants under the Chancery Improvement Act,and being competent to represent the cestuigute trusts, those who were interested in the residue were not made parties, and this course of proceeding by special case was adopted by reason of the indigent circumstances of the plaintiff. Any decree the Court might mako would be satisfactory to the trustees, inasmuch as it would in effect decide the questions as to the other parties claiming under the will. The VrCE-CHANCELLOR thought that this was not a case coming within the scope of Sir George Turner's Act, wlich applied only to a case where everyone interested consented, and was present, -whereas here several persons interested were not parties. EVANS V. COVENTRY. The arguments in this case on behalf of the defendanis are still proceeding. (Before Vice-CVuancellor Sir J. STUART.) GREY V. ELLISON. This was a bill on behalf of the children of Sir Charles Edward Grey and Lady Elizabeth, his wife (now deceased), for the purpose of detaining payment for the plaintiff's benefit of the income of certaln trust funds during Sir C. E. Grey's life. By the settlement made in 1821 on the marriage of Sir C. E. and the late Lady Elizabeth Grey, certain funds -were vested in trustees (of wvhom the defendant Ellison was the survivor), upon trust to pay onethird of the dividends thereof to Sir C. E. Grey for le, and two-thirds to Lady E. Grey for life, and upon the death of either to pay the whole income to the survivor, and after the death of the survivor upon trust for the benefit of the children of the marriage. By deed dated in November, 1837, Sir C. E. Grey, in consideration of 6,8321. lGs. paid to him by the Globe Insurance Company, granted to the trustees of that company an annuity of 800!., payable during his life; and assigned to them, by -way of securing payment thereof, all his interest in one-third of the funds, subject to the trusts of the beforementioned indenture, and wvhich then a-lomuted to about 90,0001. Consols. The deed of November, 1837, contained a covenant to the effect that Sir C. E. Grey wvould not at any time during the continuance of the annuity of 8001. go on the seas or in parts beyond the seas, or take upon himself any military or naval appointment without leaving as early notice theremf as might be at the office of the Globe Insurance Companiy; and that in case the trustees of that company should thereafter insure any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of 6,S32l. lGs. on the life of Sir C. E. Grey, and should pay any additional rate of insurance by reason of Sir C. E. Grey goig upon or beyond the seas, or taking on himself any military or naval employment, then Sir C. E. Grey shoulld pay ty the said trustees all su1ch suiUIs as should be advanced by them as and for additional premiuns in respect of Sir C. B. Grey going uponi or beyond the scas or taking on himself any military or naval employment, and that all sums so advanced by the trustees of the Globe Inslu ance Coimpanystorldbe chargeduponathe n eisesthereby assigned. By deed dated in October, 1830, Sir C. B. Grey in consideration of a058. paid to lhm by the trustees of the Globe Insurance Comnspany, granted to them an annuity of 116., payable during his li, and further charged his onethird of the dividends to which he was entitled under his marriage settlement for securing payment thereof. About the same time a family arrangement was entered into, by whrich Mr. Smnith and MIr. Malcolm purchased for the children of Sir C. E. and Lady Elizabeth Grey his contingent interest in twro-thirds of the dividends of the trust fund, payable to him in the event of his surviving his wife. In 1842 Sir C. E. Grey was appointed Goverior of Barbadoes, and he accordingly gave notice thereof to the Globe Insurance Company, -when he wvas called upon to pay 4671. 10s. as one years additional preniium to cover the risk of his going to reside in the West Indies. He:I made that payment, and he stated in his answer that lie inderstood from the officer to wlom he made it that the company would be obliged to pay an additional prebnium to that amount, and that they had effected a bond jidle assurance on his life. It appeared, however, that the Globs Insurance Company did not assure Sir C. E. Grey's life in another life assurance office; but that they became what is called their own insurers. An instrument not stamped, and which was called by them a policy, was in November, 1837, executed by three of the directors of the conipany, by w hich, in consideration of a premium of 3291. 8s. 4d., 6,833!. was assured to be paid on the death of Sir C. E. Grey to the trustees of the Globe Insurance Company out of the funds thereof. A similar instrument was executed by tbree of the directors of the Globe Insurance Company in November, 1839, by which 905S. was affected to be assured on the life of Sir C. E. Grey. The Globe Insurance Company have an office for the purchase of annuities, and a separate office for the purpose of granting assurances on lives. On the two assurances beforementioned being effected respectively, and thenceforth annually, checks were dravn for the respective amounts of the premiums payable on the two policies, and were signed by three of the directors of the Globe Insurance Company, and the sanoumnt of such checks were paid by the bankers of the company Osl nccount of the annuity depaLrtmneat of the compamiy to the - credit of the life assurance departmentancld receipts forthe same werefrom time totimegiven by the cashier in the life-Assurance department. Sir 0. B. Grey, after the year 1842, became Governor of Jamaica. .n 1S50 Lady E. Grey died. The Globe Insurance Company now claimed a large amount to be due to them for extra premiums from 1842 to 1855, when Sir 0. E. Grey returned to Europe. Mr. Bacon and Mr. Mackeson appeared for the plaintiff Mlr. Malins, Mr. Elmsley, Mr. Oliver, Mr. Baggallay, and Ir. Mortimer, for defendants in the some interestvnth the, plaintiff; 3r. Amphlett for Ellison, the surniving trustee; and Mr. Goldsmid for the Globe Insurance Company. The VI E-CHAScmnCLLOR said that this -was a very impor tant case, because, if the view of the plaintiffs andthose of the defendants who were in the same interest with the plaintiffs were correct, amode of transacting husinesswhich was very usual with insurance companies generally, and had been hitherto considered effectual, must he held to fail of the effect hitherto attributed to it. The first question which arose was how much andwhatsort of paymentsthe Globe I nsurance Company were enitlded to deduct. Ulpon the whole: Fcope of the contract it was extremely difficultto see howt the in~surance companySu-ere entitled to deduct anything; for the cc.venaut' did not, as it mnight have done, meet the case zhich bad occurred on their conduct. It was difficult to understand how, if no premiums had been paid by the insur.-nce company, and no insurance had been effectedbythein, they could be entitled to deduct anything, hut their casewas that n policy had been effected, and that all that was usually done on the occasion of granting policies-such as prgducing medical and baptismal certificates of the person whose life was to be assured-was done on this occasion. The instrument, however, which it was now attempted to establish as ipolicy of insurance was a mere empty formality.jIt meant nothing. N obody could sue on it, and no remedy could be had in respect of it. The insurance company might, on Sir Charles Grey's notice of his going abroad, have protected themselves hy effecting a policy on Ihis life with another company. That they had not done, and they could not now clain those premiums which if they had so done they would have been entitled to. As was said by Lord Thurlow in "Hutchinson v. Wilson" (4, Brown's c. 0., 488), "NXo principle can suffer a man to avail himFelf of an instrument he has never made." Sir CharlesGrey, in his answer, stated that when he was about to embark for the West Indies, in 1842, he was called on by the Globe Insurance Company to pay, and accordingly paid, to that company the sunm of 467?. 10s. as an additional premium for insurance for the year first ensuing on his going to reside in the West Indies, and that he understood from the officer to whom he paid that siun of money that the Globe Insurance Company would be obliged to pay an additional premium to that amount, and that he believed a tond4 f.de insurance had been effected on his life by the Globe Insurance Company. He should therefore direct the cause to stand over until this day fortnright, with liberty to the plaintiff to amend his bill, and thus give to the Globe Insurance Company an opportunity of admitting or denying that that sum had been paid.
COUBT OF BANKRUPTCY, Bamngha-street, April 10. fL1 RE ALEXANIDER LELIE. (Before Mr. Commissioner RvANs-A The solicitor referred to in this case, as reported in our paper of Wednesday last, was Mr. Frederick Patey Chappell, of 25, Golden-square. Had the reporter been earlier aware that any anisapprehension could arise the misprint of " Chapple " would have been noticed under this head yesterday. (Before Mr. Commissioner HoLRorD.) LN RE H. F. NORTON. The bankrupt wasa brushseiler, of York-street, Westminster. This was the celtificate meeting. Mr. Lucas opposed; Mr. Lawvrance supported. The opposition was grounded on the allegation that the bankrupt had been engaged in betting transactions, and that his certificate nuist accordingly be wholly refused. Mr. W. Butt, of 2, Duke-street, Grosvenor-square, publican, deposed that he was in the habit of betting on races. The bankrupt betted on horses -with him on the Oaks race in May last. The bet was 1001. to 251. against Capucine. The bankrupt lost, and brought him the money on the settling day-the Monday or Tuesday after the race. Betted with the bankrupt on the St. Leger. The bet was 1501. to 501. against Oulston. The bankrupt lost the bet, but did net pay it. On cross-examination the wvitness said he kept books of these transactions. The book producedwas one of them. The others were destroyed. He destroyed them as fast as they were filled. He supposed he filled two in the year. He always made the entries in pencilling. He had no idea h 'w many thousands of pounds a betting-book contained. Mr. LAWRANCE.-YOU live by this sort of thing? Wfitness.-Ko; by my publichouse, the King's A rms. It may be termed a betting house. It is extensive. MAr. LAwsuscx.-Pcople come to game and drink?9 WVitness.-No. - MEr. LAwRAX.CE.-Have you any other hooks?s Witness.-I have the settling book at home. I don't know whether the bankrupt brouaht or not the 251. Mir. Andrew Bonrow, riccadifly, said he was connected with the turf. The banlrapt made a great number of bets with him on " The Derby" last year. He made a bet wvith the bankrupt of 3751. to 251. That was against Oulston. There were also bets of 2201. to 201. on Gramculus Esuriens; 6251. to 251. on Dirk Hatteraick; 1101. to 101. on St. CLair; and 1,0001. to 101. on another horse. The bank-rapt lost all these bets. There were other bets. The balance lost by the bankrupt was 901. odd, which he paid on the settling day by a check dated forwards. The bankrupt on giviing him the check said he had lost 2001. or more, and hie did not know how he should get over it. The bankrlpt's check for 901., wlhich was on Drummond's, was paid. Cross-e-xamined.-Did not live by betting. Had a good deal of property. Did not make it all by betting. Did not term himself a regular betting man. Had been engaged in the amusemuent of betting some years. Did not live by it. Attended nearly aU the races. Generaly betted on theni. Had a book of his bets (produced). Had no book containiag an entry of his receipts or payments. The bets were scratched off when settled. Did not keep a banking account. Mr. LIswpS-CE submitted that there was no precise evidence upon whiCh the Court could depend. The first w itness was entirely in the dark as to payment, and the second was one of those reckless and profligate betters of 6001. to 101. that disentitled him to credit. The Court would, he felt, grant the certificate, and leave it to a jury whether the certificate was valid. His HoxouR said the bankrupt had been in partnership with another person. The liabilities of the firm were 8,0771. ; the assets about 2,300?. Having regard to this state ofaffairs, the bankrupt was particularly blameable for indulging in the vice of gaming. A clearer case could not be established in any court of justice, and he should not subject the creditors to the expense of testing the certificate before a jury. The Legislature had enacted that a trader who gave way to the dangerous vice of gaming, as this bankrupt had done, was disentitled to a certificate. He was bound to carry out the law, and the certificate must ba wholly refused. Mr. LARNvn.NCE applied for protection for 21 days, in order that the bankrupt might consider whether he should appeal to the higher Court. The opposing creditors were participators in the criine. M1r. LucAs objected. The bankrupt's father had left the country, and the bankrupt would avail himself of the 21 days to folow his course. There was no intention to appeat for the bankrupt had offered a stu of money to forego the opposition. His HONOUR said the bankrupt's father w oul d appear to have left the country when out of his mind. Protection would be granted for 21 days.
EXSOL VENT DEB2'oRS COURT, April 10. IN iBE RICILA1D GEORGE STATHA2M. (Rdore 2IlT2. Coantnt .mnnr PiyM.R.A lAls insoIvent, the beadle ot the Cordwainers WVard and collector of the consolidated sewers and police rates in the city of London, appeared for further hearing Mr. Reed opposed for Mr. Ilobert Shepherd, of the Lord Nelson, Poplar; and Ar. Dowse supported. The complaint was that the insolvent had inctured a debt with Mlr. Shepherd by means of a breach of trust. The insolvent, a carver and gilder, had kept a coffeehouse in Bow-lane, city. He had been collector of the city rates for some time, and now admitted in his examination that his deficiency had amounted to about 3001. He had appropriated the nioney to his owvn use, and had spent a good deal on repairs of the coffeehouse in Bow-lane. He said he expected to paythe rates le had used out of his business. MIr. She pherd was one of three sureties to the city of Losndon, and had to pay fS31. HGe was besides a creditor to the amount of 1001. for money lent on snome furniture which insolvent had in Bowv-lanle, and which had subsequently been seized for rent. The insolvent's faminl were now on the premises, but he was, he said, in clteeross-street Irison. He had lived in Bow-lane before his arrest. M1r. Shepherd wvasexamined, and complained, in addition to the money he had to pay as surety, that he had advanced 1001. on the furniture, on the assurance that the insolvent had paid his rent. The principal question in the case was whether the debt with Mr. Sheplerd had been contracted by means of a breach of trust. Mr. Commuissioner PHiLLirs doubted whether there could be a breach of trust at the instance of sureties. It would have been a different case had the corporation opposed. Mr. RErD cited the case of "Elwsworthy," in Cooke's Practice, in which a judgment was given on the opposition of sureties. The word of the act, by " means" of a breachl of trust, included the complaint of sureties. Mfr. Commiinissioner PsmsLLsrs was of opinion that the case cited established the principle that sureties could oppose as for a debt incurred by means of a breach of trust. His Honour wishedl to k-nowv, during the progress of the case, how the city of London liad allowed a collector to appropriate so large asuum as 3001. to his owvn use. The insolvent admitted that the corporation did not know of his deficiency until lately. He explained that he p aid one collection inder another. His brother had advaneed 1dm money to make up his deficiency, and out of the last collection he paid lhm 501. Mr. Commissioner PisiLirs thought the city would do well to look after the collection of their rates; at all events, a collector could take the money to the proper officer. Soeie points arose as to the furniture of the insolvent, and as to the arrest,which, itwas alleged, was afriendly proceeding. The allegation was denied. Mr. DOwVsE submuitted that, in accordance with a reported case in Cook-'s Practice, " re Isleton," a mere deficiency was not a breach of trust. AMr. Commissioner PBaLL1PS expressed himself clearly of opinion that in this case there had been a breach of trust. The case was of public importance. [Here was a man who had been using noney of the Corporation of Londonforsome time, and now- said he expected to pay it out of his business, when he could not have had -such an expectation. The insolvent was sworn to his schedule preparatory to adjudication. Somite negotiation took place, and subsequently-an adjomunment was asked to settle with M1r. Shepherd. MnL Commissioner PnILcuPS declined to lend himiself to such an application. WVhen once a case was proved, as in this matter, he was bouid to administer the Law. He would not be a party to a persfonalarrangement, after a case was over, wrhicbjhewonld not have allowed before, and then have permitted an opposition. The parties could arrange after the judgment if they thought proper. Hlis hoNouR pronounced a judgment of ive calendar months at the suit of Mr. Shepherd for incurring a debt fraudulently by mears of a breach of tust.
CENTRAL CRIrINAL COUBT, Turizday, April 10. OLD COURT. (Before Ar. Justice CnESSwVxLL and r Ir. Justice CnON11TON.) THE ISLINTGTON MURDER. Celestimn Sommer, 24, was indicted for the wilful murder of her child, Celestina Christmas. The prisoner, although stated to be 24 years old, did not present anything of a womanly appearance. She is very short in stature, and looks more like a young girl than s married woman. The nnhappy child whose death was the subject of inquiry was more than ten years old, so that it would appear that the prisoner was not more than 14 years old at the time it was brought into the world. Mlr. Bodk-in and Mr. Clark conducted the prosecution; Mr. Ballantine defended the prisoner. The learned counsel for the prosecution having briefly stated the facts in support of the charge, the following witnesses were examined:- Rachel Mont said,-I aml yvears old. In Febrnary last I was in the service of the prisoner and her husband. They lived at 18, Linton-street, lslington. The only persons who lived in the house were the prisoner, her husband, and nmyself. I slept in the kitchen. I remember my mistress going out on a Saturday night about the middle of February, about 10 o'clock. Before she went out she told me she wvas going to Murray-street, and she would not be away more thanhnaf-an-hour, and she said she expected I should be in bed and asleep vhen she returned. Aly master -was out at this time. I did not go to bed, but sat up in the kitchen, where I slept, to make a satin apron, and I was so engaged for about half an hour, when I heard the prisoner come in at the front door. She opened it with a latch key. When I heard the door open I blew out the candle and got into bed. The prisoner came to the top of the kitchen stairs and called out, "Are you in bed, Rachel?' I made her no ansswer, and I heard the prisoner go up to her bedroom and tlen come down again, and she had another dress on. Before she went op stairs I heard her voice in the passage, as though she was speaking to some one ; and I heard her say, "Wipe your feet," and she afterwards told the person to go into the parlour, and I heard footsteps in the parlour, which was over the kitchen. The prisoner came into the kitchen where I was, and I then saw that she had a different dress on to the one she had gone out in. She drew the kitchen blind dovn. I saw this by the light of a lamp in the street. The prisoner had no light with her. After she had drawn downn the blind she wentup stairs and cadled to the person in the parlour to come downn, and the deceased child and theprisoner came down together. The prisoner had a light w,ith her at this timue. She went through the kitchen -where I was to get to the cellar. There are two cellars-one fronting the kitchen door and the other under the area steps. The coals were kept in one of the cellars, but there was nothing in the other. The prisoner did not go into the coal-cellar. WVhile the prisoner was in the cellar I saw the deceased child standing at the kitchen door. I had seen her before, and knew she was the prisoner's clrdd. The prisoier addressed her, and said, " Come in; what are you afraid of 7" The child replied, III am not afraid, ma'am; but it is a I strange placeto me. I have never been here before." Immediatelyafter this deceased went into the cellar, and I heard her say that soeie one was going to cut her throat, and the prlsoner replied, "Oh, was she?" and the little girl said, "Yes." The prisoner then said, " Suppose I cut it 1" and the child replied, " Oh, you are going to cut my throat !" The prisoner then said she was going to Hell; she was going to the Devil; the Devil would take heLr 1 then heard the little girl say, "I am dyig l I am dying !" and the prisoner put out the eandle, and came into the front kitchen, and wvalked about and repeatedly said, " You -,II Mikillyou! Iwilllkillyou; I wil teachyouto tell anyore lies about me " She also said, "You are a liar and you are a thief." While this was going on I heard the child making a groaning noise in the cellar. The prisoner shortly after this came to the matchbox that was by any bedside and took a niatch and lighted the candle, and went into the cellar again. I did not hear the deceased make any noise after this. After remaining a short time in th cellartheprisoner canmo out, and said, "There, you -, you must be dead now," and she then buttoned the cellar door up and wenlt into the back kitchen, and then she returned into the kitchen where I was and pulled the blind down. When slie had done this she tapped nme on the shoulder, and said " Rachel !" I did not answer her the first tinme, and she called me by my name a second time, and I tuned round as if I was in a fright, and she then asked me if I had been out before the master went out to get some soap, and I told her I had. She then said that she had been nown two or three times to the cupboard to get sonie soap to tae into the bedroom, and she also told sue that she had been out to her greengrocer's to get change for half-a-crown to pay ine my money on Sunday mornming. She then -wanted to know if there was any hot water in the boiler, and I told her there was, and she said that she wanted to wash her hands. The prisoner then said to nie, "II only owe you 9d., and it is 11 o'clock, and I am going to bed." After she had said this 'she -went into the back kitchen, and I heard her -washing something, and she appeared so engaged for nearly half aii hour, and then went upstairs into the parlour, and I heardI her walking about there for solne time, but I cannot say how long. She thenwent upstairs to her bedroom. The prisoner's husband camie home about 1 o'clock, and some time after shc had gone into her bedroom. I heard my master tell the prisoner that it was 1 o'clock when he came home. He had gone out at S o'clock in the evening. I got up at S o'clock on the followving morning, and the prisoner caine down about half-past S, andshecomplained thatthe fire was not lighted and the brealfast ready, as it ought to have been. Somebeerwas usually kept in the areanear the kitchen door, and the risoner fetched it at dinner time as usual about 12 o'clock. In the course of the morning I went to the coal cellar, and I had to pass the one -where my mistress and the prisoner had been on the night before, and I looked in. I had a candle with me when I vent to fetch the coals, because I was afraid to go without one. The other cellar door w-as in the same state the prisoner had left it the night before. I opened the door amid looked in, and saw the child lying on the ground close to the cellar door, and I observed that her face and hands were all covered -with blood. I fastened the door again, and then ent to fetch the coals. About 11 o'clock the same moning my sister came to see ame. M1y sister is older than I am. The prisoner saw witness at the door, and else told me not to ask any sister dowvn inito the kitcben that morning, as she wasbusy, andmysister went away. She came again about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, accompanied by some policemen. I had told her in the morning something of what I had seen, but I would not tell her all. I had seen the child about a week previous to this Saturday night at any mistress's house. MIy mistress was with her then. Cross-examined.-I remained ]yingin bed after all this had happened, an.d made no attempt to get up. I vas awake the -whole night, and I ai, sure I did not doze off at alL My master was kintd to me, but hewas not very kind to the prisoner. It did not occur to ie to get up to tell mymaster what had happened. The child was in the cellar when she said some oine vas going to cit her throat. I asi sure these were the very words s3e made use of. I kept nay eyes closed whlen the prisoner was in the kitchen, in order that she might think I wvas asleep. MIy master used to beat time prisoner. and she seemed to be very unhappy and frequent,ly cried. I had beein in the service four or five months. The prisoner vas not kinid to me. She used to scold mne and say that I did not do tlhngs right. 'Re-examined.-IN lhen my master beat the prisoner it wvas sometimes because the dimner was not ready for him. I do not know of any other caulse for their quarrelling. Edwias Townshend, a sergeant of police, said,-On the afternoon of Surnday, the 17th of February, in cosequence of informationi I received. I went to the prisoner s house. The sister of the last witness and an inspector were with me. I sawv the prisoner coming up the kitchien stairs, aiid I niet ler at thie top of them. She said, "W What dlo vou want d" Ireplied, "WVe wailttolookinyoircellar.? She said, " Look into any cellar? good God ! 'what for?" I uade her iuo other aniswer thanl that I wished her to go with us. Her husband was in the parlour, and he joined Us; and u-e all -went downstairs together. I procured a light in the kitehen, and proceeded to the cellar opposite the kitcheni door. The door of the cellar vas partially open, and on enteriung it I observed the dead body of a girl apparently about 14 years of "e. She was lynig on her back, wvith her face partialyyto the right and there was a large wvound on her neck, and a quantity of clotted blood uaderlneath the neck and near the shoulders UospO the ground. I said to the inspector, " It is all right ; the body is here," and I theil laid hold of the prisoeier and told her slc miust consider herself in mny custody for causiiig tIlmc death of the girl. The prisomier replied "Me ? I didni't do it. I kmow nothing of it." Shie tbe said. " I heard a noise outside the area railings last night, bhut I did not tell yoea, dear (addressing her husband, wiho u-as staindina by), because I thought it wvould snake you timid." I tien took her into custody. The husbandrivas also take.n, but lie was disebarged by the magistrate. I subsequently searched thle house, and in the bedroom I found a bll.ack gowvn under the bed, and there wras some blood upon it, which aDDeaired to have been partially washed. I also noticed marks of bloody fingers on the cellar-door and also oia the doer lcadhig into the kitebs. I also noticed some slight ssarks of blood oin the upper part of the sheet of the servant's led. There were alsomsonearks of blood upon the lucifer-mnatch box. Rebecca nne DoN-ovan said,-I am the female searcher at the foxton Police-station. I rememnber the prisoner being brought there, and I wvas directed to search her person in an upstairs room. W hile I vas so engaged the prissner asked me what she was broiught there for. I told her she was brought into that roon to be searched. I took off her dress, and on my loel;ing donwn at her petticoat, on which there were marks of blood, she said she was subject to bleeding at the nose, aiid her husband could tell me that was the case. She then said, " There has been a girl found at my house." Before this she had said that she had a coal-cellar at her house with no coals in it. and she then added that a girl had been found stabbed in the celar of her house, but she knew nothing of it. George Beckley, a sergeant of police, proved that lie went to the prisoner's house on the evening of the 17th of February, and in the bedroom be found a pair of stockings marked " C. C.," with bloud upon them. On the same evening he also found in the cupboard of the back parlour a.knife with the appearance of blood round the handle. There were no other knives in the cupboard. The knife was produced. It was a large sharp carvingknife. Joseph Howe, a police-constable, said,-I -was at Clerken-well police-court after the prisoner had been examined on the 15th of February. All the witnesses, except the woman who had had the charge of the cbild, had been examined, and the prisoner was remanded. The prisoner spoke of her own accord, and said something about Hamlet and Fichard III., and kept talking to herself for some tiine, and then she put her handkerchief to her head and said in a low tone, "It was my brother's child." She thert said her brother had died, and after his death sbe took the child to keep and paid 5s. a week for it out of .er own pocklet and out of her earnings by teaching music. She said she did not wish to put the child to service, as it wvas not big enough.. She then said, " I did it. it is no use tellng a lie about it. I did not know what to do for the best." She kept on talking for some time about her husband and whe-e theyhad lived before they -were married. Cross-exanined.-The prisoner appeared to be muttering and talking to herself£ She knew that I was ix the room. She spoke of Mr. Phelps taking the parts of Harmlet and Richard IIL, aud she said she liked him better than she did Kean. She also talked about the history of Hamlet. She was sitting ia chair with her hands in her lap all the time she was talking. -The prisoner did not appcear to be rambling, and she talked loud enough for any one to hear her. She spoke of the two childrenthat were murdered in Richard .111. I had never knowinthe prisoner before. I did rnot speak to the prisoner, and I had strict orders not to do so. MIr. Coward, surgeon, said,-I was caUed upon to examine the body of the deceased child. She was lying in the cellar, quite dead. The body was on its back-, and there were three wounds on the left side of the neclk, extending from the back to the centre of the neck. The carotid arterry was wcunded in two places, and the hemorrhage from these wounds was the cause of death. There were a number of superficial wounds upon both hands of the deceased. The knife that had been produced would very probably have caused the wounds on the body of the deceased. Julia H.arrington proved that the deceased child was born in her house, and that the prisoner was her mother. The child remained in her charge from the time of the birth until the 7th of February,wvhen the prisoner took her awsay from her, and said that she was going to take her to her sister in Mlurray-street. The child was called Celestina Christn as. She was ten years and a half old at the time of her death. The prisoner used to pay her latterly half-acrown a week tov,ards the supliort of the child, but at one time she used to pay her DS. a-week. By .r. BRALLASTL'SL-The prisoner's name before she was m,arried w^as Christmas. Mr. C. &rover, an engraver, residin"' at 1So. 16, lMurraystreet, Hoxton, proved that he saw the dead body of tho child on the 18th of iFebruary at the house in iAnton street. lIe Last sawv her alive on the Saturday previous, at his ow n house. She had been there for about ten days before. The prisoner brought her, and she fetched the child awvay about 10 o'clock at ni_ht on the 16;th of February. She said she had got a place for the child at a greengrocer's aa serant. After the prisoner left his house wvith the child he followed them, and they went straiht tothe residence of the urisoner in Linton-street. and he sawa them both go in, anti he then returned home. Mr. BOD= said this was the case for the prosecution. Mr. BuaaSrnr addressed the jury very brie'fly on behalf of the prisoner, and suggesting that there were circumstances in the case thatvwould justifythe jury in coming either to the conclusion that at the time the act was comnmitted the prisoner, from some cause or other, was not in a state of mind toberesponsible for her acts, or else that shewas not actuated by that malice required by the law to constitute the crime of murder; and that they might find her guilty of a lesser crime which would still ental upon her the most severe punishment. Mr. Justice CaoapTaO\ then summed up, and The jury ahuost immediately retumred a verdict of Gutilty. The usual proclamationwas at once made, and the learned Judges having put on their black caps, Mr. - Justice CROMPTON proceeded to pass sentence upon the prisoner in the following terms:-" Ce3estina Sommer, you have been convicted by a jury of your fellowcountrymen of the dreadful crime of murdering your own child, a girl ten years of age. The evidence shows that yon designedly took her a-way from the person in whose charge she was to your husband's house, and that you there committed the dreadful crime. The jury, in my opinion, would have disregarded their oaths if they had pronounced any other verdict than the one theyhave given; andI miust say that I do not remember a case in -which the eriue of murder has been brought homne so clearly; and I entirely concur in the verdict. I wxill not enter into any of the details of this dreadful and horrible transaction, but I entreat youto prepare. by prayer aud penitence, forthe doomwhich you must so shortly meet. 1 have only, therefore, to pass that sentence which, when you committedthis horrid crime, you- must have expected to undergo, which is that you be taken from the bar back to the prison whence you came, and thence to a place of execution, and that you be there hanged by the neck until you are dead, and that your body be after-ards buried within the precincts of the gaoL" The usual formal question in such cases, whether the prisoner had anything to urge in stay of execution, was then put and an answer returned in the negative. The wvretched woman, -who during the trial appeared to be suffering most intense mental agony. and who at times appeared almost overwhelmed with grief, was then assisted from the bar by the turnkeys in attendance. Fusedale Blore Pope, a lad aged 13, who had pleaded "guilty" on Wednesday to a charge of stealing a cash-box containig securities to a very large amomut, was placed at the bar. -Mr. PA,YNE, -who was instructed to prosecute, said there was another charge against the prisoner, of having set fire tothe prenlisesvwherctherobbery was committed, but as the charge to which he had pleaded gulty was one of a very serious character, he should, w;ith the sanction of the Court, refrain from offering any evidence in support of the second indictment. The jury accordingly returned a verdict of ro.t' Gtiltl upon the charge of arson. 31f, Justice CaSSVELL, in passing sentence upon the charge of robbery, told the prisoner that he had pleaded guilty to a very serious offence. He had made some inquiries respecting hin, and had ascertained that he was not deficient in talent and ingenuity; but that his moral culture had been very much neglected. He should therefore pass upon him a sentence that would enable him to be admitted, after a long imprisonment in the House of Correction, into one of those useful reformatories that had just been establisbed. He then sentenced the prisoner to be kept in penal servitude for six years. NEW COURT. (Befor-c the RtcoiotDEs.) Frederick Stapleton, 40, brass finisher, and Frances Price, 21, married, were indicted for burglary in the house of Benjamin West, nd steaing th2erein 24 watches and other goods, valued at l,tO2l., his property. Mr. Payne andl Mr. Caarteena prosecuted; MTr. AR J. Payne appeared for the male prisoner, and 31r. LIlley for the woman. The facts, which have already been detailed at some length in the police reports, wvere proved to be these:-The prosecutor is a jewveller in Marebmont-strect, Brunswicksquare, andbetweenthenight of the l6thaud morning of tlho l7th of February Ilispreilises were broken intofrom tne rear, and property ot the value named in the indictment stolen. Upon information being given to the police, they found that the burglars had got into the back yard by coming along the wvailof some houses of low repute at the back, andithen, by means of a rope, climbing the wiall and chcraax dcfrzhsc which separated the prosecutor's premises from this wall. This led Inspector Checkley to make inquiries among the tenlants of these houses, and he founld that il one of them an apartment had be taken and left as soon as the burglary had been comnnitted. From this place any one could have got to the wvall of the prosecutor's, house. Upon searching this room the inspector found a book containing receiptsfor rent, by which he was enabled to trace the male prisoner to a house he occupied in Tashstreet, Gray's-inn-lane. Uponhisbeingtaken into custody he wvasidentified as the person who had taken the room from which it was suspected the burglars had arranged and effected the robbery. Se had taken the room in comipany with two women, one of whom was the female prisoner. A pillow was also found, which had been used in securing the rope used to effect an entry into the prosecutor's preli,ises, and this was tiaced to have been intheprisoner's possession. From soine iiiforiiation received by Sergeant Smitl, he succeeded in tracing the femnale prisoner to the Hit-or-3iiss beershop, in the WN'aterloo-road. Not any of the property had been traced. It apneared on cross-examination that the nuale prisoner had not been secn at the lodging in question for some days before the robbery. The rEcoRn:1r. Said hIe should not call upon the counsel forthe woman toaddress the jury, as he did not think the case pressed sufficiently against her. 3Mr. WV. P,%vYENmt hIvin- addressed the jury for the male prisoner, pres6ing ulZu tpecir consideration the fact of his not having beeni seen snear the place about the tinme of the burglary r Tejurg returned a Everdict of N,ot Gzzilty.
AlIDDLESEX SESSIONS, 2'hursday, .Apri 10. (Bc.forc Mr. 1rAslflY, Q.C., Asrisftnt-.Tudge.) Williaut Rlunham surrendered to take his trial on an indictment, in which he was charged with having feloniously embezzled the sumDs of 3s. 74d., Is. 7d., and Gs. 10d., received by him for and on account of Ainedie Davenes and another, his masters. Mr. Daley appeared for the prosecution. When the case was called on au application was made for the postponement of the case, on the ground that MIr. Ribton, who held Mr. Ballantine's brief for the defence, was absent at A1aidstone. The case, M1r. Lewis, the prisoner's solicitor, remarked, had been once postponed to oblige tho prosecution, and he hoped the prisoner would not be prejudiced through the absence of counsel. The .AsisT.x?YrAJunE said, it was no fault of the Courtthat counsel were absent, and the ground stated, he considered, insufficienlt for a postponement. The evidence was then gone into, the prisoner being his own advocate. It appeared that he bad been for a numberof years in the service of the prosecutors, provision dealers. at Cowv-cross. and it was stated that on an avera e he had collected 2GO.' per wveek, or, in the aggregatc, during his Eervice, over 1OV,000t. It -was his duty to give receipts, and keep a counterfoil of the same, but lie had not made entries or otherwise accounted for the sums mentioned in the indictment, the receipt of which by him was proved. the jury found him Gidltyt. It was stated that it had been ascertained that the defalcations extended as far back as 1184, and the total amount. of them approached300L. MUr. PASHLEY said, the case involved no matter of intricacy. The facts were plain and intelligible, and it wastherefore the less to be regretted that the prisoner bad not bad the assistance of counsel. Underall the circumstances, the sentence was 15 months' hard labour. (Befgore Mr. GREAtSY.) James Cnooper was indicted for having committed an. aggravated assault. upon James Smith, withintent to dohim some grievous bodily harm. Mfr. Gent prosecuted; Mr. Hosy alppeared for the prisoner. The prosecutor stated that he was a publ-can at Homerton, and had known the prisoner for several years. Om the 17th of March he caine to his house with another man, and after a short star lie went out, and rAbsequently caine in with a third man. He called for somo un, and talkng hold of the pewter water-jug lie began to knock it about on the counter. Witness remonstrAted with bim, telling him that such articles we're very expensive, whenhe-iinmediately caught him by the collar,drwis head over the counter, struck him several violent blow; and
POLICE. BoNv-sTRREr.-The following application was made to 'Ur. ISaRY- in reference to the case of William Thompson, recently committed for trial by his wvorship for uttering forged notes, but acquitted by the Old Bailey jury on Wednesday last. The circumstances of the case may be briefly recapitulated :-The prisoner went into the shop of M1r. Prew, tailor and juvenile habit-maker, and purchased a coat for 11.12s., tendering a 5-.-note in payment, and receiving the change. About an hour aftenvards he went to the sliop of lessrs. Moses and Son, NKew Oxford-street, and pnrchased some child's clothing for 1. l1s., tendering another 51.-note in payment. Both these notes proved to be forgeries, but the discovery was mot made in the first instance until after the priqoner had left the shop. In the seconid, however, it was at once detected, and the prisoner was given into enstody. Be was examined the next mornlin before Mr. Henry, and the defence set up was, that the note in question (the one tendered at the shop of AMoses and Son) was picked up in the streets of Bedford by a little boy, prisoner's nephew. The case wvas remanded, and the boy was produced to swear that he picked iip the 51.-note, as alleged; but in the meantime the police received information of the previous uttering at Mr. Prew's, and caame prepared w-ith a second charge against the prisoner. The defenice in this case was the same, the prisoner now declaring, for the nirst time, that his neplhew pick^ed up twvo notes. The nephlewv was put into the box, and swore that he "picked it np"-useaning one note. The prisonei prompted }iim, saving, " You mean both notes," but, not lwithstanding this irregular interference on the Part of the prisOner, the boy adhered to his first story, and still swvore to one note only, apparently in ignorance of the priSOner's suggestion, or unable to understand it. The magistrate re,mired this di-crepancy to appear on the depositions, and the prisoner wV25 committed for trial on both charges. At the trial the boydeposed topicking up both notes, the jury believed Ititn, and the prisoner was acquitted. The applicant, all assistant in Mr. Prewv's establishment, now requested his worship to grant an order requiring the police to give up a portion of the good money found upon the prisoner, to reimburse Mr. Prew for the loss lie had susained by his transaction vwith the prisoner, the 51.-note which had been paid being a forgery. 31r. 1iESP.S- said1 he had no powerto make such an order. The application should have been niade to the judge who tried the case. It was stated that this was done after the trial, but the judge refused to make the order. 21r. HENRIY suggested that application might be made to the police authorities. At any rate, the matter was no longer under his control. In the course of a conversation which ensued the applicant stated the grotunds of acquittal, as above, adding that a witness was also called who swore that he lost the twso forged notes which wvere picked up by the boy. Xr. ENRxy observed that the boy distinctly swore, wvhen before him, that he only picked up one note; and he (Mr. Hlenry) took care to have this isnpoitant fact clearly recorded upon tie depositions, in order that it might be noticed at the trial. The applicant said that the boy wvas as positive in swearing to txvo notes at the trial as he- was in swearing to one note at the preliminiary examination. MIr. MIENRY reniarked that the attention of the judge ought to have been called to this discrepancy in the boy's evidence. This was ain example of the inconvenient and sometimes nmischievous consequences of the solicitor for the Bank not attending at the police-courts to conduct the original examinations in these cases, but only taking them up on committal. If the practice had been otherwise in this instance, so important a circumstance could hardly have been overlooked at the trial. The applicant stated that he should submit his case to the Police Commissioners, and left with that view. Eliza Jones, a prostitute, was charged with robbing a Mr. Frederick ilhnlmer of a gold watch and chain, worthi 50!. The prosecutor was dead drunk when the robbery took place, and the property was passed to an accomplice. The former, who lad been taken by the police, was fined 5s., and the woman was remalided. Wg-'MS'S?TEP.-In our last impression we detailed the particulars of the examtiniationi of a cab-driver named Charles ing, who had beess remanded froml the previons day, chLarged with stealin- G5t in bank-notes from the person of Mr. Henry Courtenay, of 2, hiaiwsay-place, Mollowav-roadh It wiU be reniembere(d that the case temninated by 2r. Arnold observingthaiat,sit was uit clear the prosecutor hald bcen robbed of Ills money, the snatter required a thorcough investigation, and the accused, whlion he wtlad not prejudice by ofieriiig aisy opinion which mighlt be conlstrued into an indication of his guilt, wvas admitted to hail for further exam2ination on Wednesdav. Yesterday artetisuin Mr. Courtenay entered the c',urt, accompanlied by the accused, his father, anld the bail, vwhzn the former, addressing the worthy magistrate, said he wished to makc anl isnp'ortait communication to himr1. aririg - out of a discovery he had made sinlce he was last there. t ;hen he got up that (yesterday) morning he was determinzed t-, niake a most ritrid search in hi sclothin for the mniiig aot,and ba-ugr--ref-Uy exa2jli led his trorsrs, disc>}v;eredthe wbole of thie noney safe in thte lining of th'em. Ile imnmediately communicated with the prisoner and lis friendis, and he nowv attended with, theni to withdraw the charge. He was extremely sorry for what had occurred, and bad offered the defend-ult -5. aS colupen sation, lvhich hbe lhad refused to take Mr. APNOuL said that he u-as not at all surprised at the nian's refusal to ePlit that -sum after being given into custody and deprivedl of his liberty unsoerious a cl.-.r"e IIt was tbe prosacutors duty to make the search of whic' he spok before lhe deprived the man of his liberty. Ie bad acted throu;ghoat in a most incautious mazner, and, as he now attended to withdraw the prosecution, it was ilis (Mr. 1 rnold's) duty to discharge the accused. Hezieed not add th-athe left tilat court wvithoutthe sl"hea mputat ion11 On his character. WIhe _ahinan asked u-hat rceompense he 'was to have for the false inPrizoinnent he had enduared. Prosecutor said lie wanted 20. haim ArNOLD said he had nothing to do with compensation; that was a matter for another tribunal. The parties then aU left together, as it was understood, with a view of arranging the affair. William Plowriight Gray, a boy only 13 years sf age, was mualy examined, clharged with stealin- a 'cd waMh, chain, and sea, the property of -MT. Edward Nou-s Webb, 7, Eliza. beth.Atreet, Pimalico. The prisoner entered Mr. Webb's service about the 20th tult., and absconued in three days afterwards with the propertv. Me was traced to Mull, in Yorkshire, and bro ught to ILondon, when he admitted hisguilt, ad told the I' that le sold the wvatch and appendages to 3r. Ja ce tradesnancrryigonbusiness at 2S, hbury-street Pimlicoj for la l.5. Mr. Jacobs was sworn and examined, and said that the prisoner brought him the property and said that hismother had sent him to sell it. Me d'esiredhir to fetch ;iis mother, who, according to his account, lived inthe aneighbourhood, when he returned in a quarter of an lionr and said she wa busy, upon which he gave the boy 11. 1Sa. Ior the property, haing tried the watch and chain rin andloundthemspurious; be, however, discovered on the oflownng d that th5, 7C7u Wagil, ad gold,it for , 10s, The prosecutor stated that the watch bad cost 18 gudnean, but he was not aware what the chain was worth. Mr. Payrter comruented in strong terms upon the disgraceful conduct ofJacobs, and hinted that if he were before ajury upon the charge of feloniously receiving the property they might entertain a strong notion upon the subject. He, however, left the mnatter mn the hands of the prosecutor, de- lining to initiate the charge against Jacobs himself. Upon the case being brought before the magistiate yesterday the prosecutor so)icited him to deal with it summnarily, and admitted that he had received 4!. frout Jacobs for the chain, which he had been unable to restore. Mr. PAYrT-rr observed that it was a very shocking thing to see a mere child before him upon such a charge, but there were circuinstances of a peculiar nature connected with this case, as well as the value of the property, which induced him to send it before a jury. The worthy magistrate again animDadverted upon Jacobs's conduct, and expressed marked dissatisfaction at that of the prosecutor, which induced him to refuse to allow his expenses. Psrisoner was conmmitted for trial at the Central Criminal Court. MARLSBoNE.-George King, polioe constable 51 F, William Hawvkins Smsith, Alfred Brockley, William Castles, Daniel Thornes, and Joseph Sealey were charged before Yr. Izo?o w;ith hai-ing been concerned in stealing property to the value of 400!. from the goods station of the London and North-Western Railway, Camden-town. The whole of the prisoners were at the period of the robbery in the ser- nice of hessrs. Baxendale, the well-known carriers, trading under the name of Pickford and Co. Mr. Swann attended for the prosecution; and Mr. Herring for King. The prisoners were all remanded till Thursday next. upon which day other evidence of a most important nature wAil, it is expected, be forthcoming. WoRssuiPSTBEET.-Thomas Withers was charged with an assault unon his wife. The wife deposed to a continued series of the most cruel usage, she entirely su pporting herself, four children, and her worthless husband by needlework-, while he sold the furniture for drink; and the chief part of his defence was that she had never prosecuted him before, he having deterred her by threats from so doing. Yr. HAE.ULL.-She has suffered from your brntality ever since she married you, and a fact which is invariably proved in these cases is that forbearance and forgiveness only aggravate the vife's private sufferings, and encourage their infiction. As the La-w at present stands I can only imprison you, but that I shall do to the full extent I can, 'by sendinyou to the House of Correction for six months, with hard labour, and at the expiration of that you miiust find sureties for yourgood behaviour for another term of the same duration. The wife here became so ill that the magistrate directed her to be carried home in a cab, and ordered her assistance from the poorbos to provide requisites for her and her children. TiuIS.-Mv. SELxF annoiuced the receipt of the second half of a ol. Bank of England note, No. 12,717, from "J. W. C.," for the police-constable Chapinan, 35 HL, whose leg was broken, and who has been peimanently disabled, by a ticket-of-leave convict named Hogan. The "Hon. Miss A." has forwarded to Sir Richard Mayne a donation of 31. for Chapman, with a request that an acknowledgment of the same should appear in Tlhe Timas.
'Il' RO YAL SOCIETY. 10 'I'l f;, EDIT-Olt OF THE TI'IES. Sir, In yo,r Parlianientary report the Chancellor of the Exche, ner hi;: srl to may, with respect to the annual grant of1,0 . to tiji; Rloyal Society, that the society applied "for pecuniary xa.zia; nco." This is not thc fact. T'he IRoyal Society want no pecuniary assistanec, arild have not applied for any. The grant was first given by Lord John Iupsell spontaneously,and was continued while he remnained in oilice as an aid on the part of Governiierit towards the promotion of science, and in no other light has its continuance been regarded by the Royal Society. The Parliamentary paper published last session giving a report of the expenditure o tlhe grants already received, shows most honourably the pains taken by the Royal Society in the distribution of tho fund committed to their charge, and that not one penny has ever been applied to their owvn uses. T -- _:_ . -n1- - - -+. A> NULLIUS IN VERBA. April S.
*VILD BEASTS ININ;DIA.-The following is from a correspondent at Lahoro, dated the 7th of February "Yon are probablyawaro that the country of the Five Eivers is infested by wolves, bears, and leopards, especially the first-nained, which have so multiplied of late as to become a national nuisance. By a loose registry, kept in the seven provinces of the Punjab, it appears that the nmuber of children that have been carried off by wrild beasts amounts to 1,564, classified asfollows:-1,106 by wolves, 334 by bears, and 124 by leopards or cheetas. The rewards hitherto offered were not sufficient to induce the lusty and the venturesome to make a trade of it, and the various patches of jungle are admirably adapted for the shelter of these beasts, and as barriers to the amateur hunter. Mr. Montgomery lha proposed to Government two alternatives, 'both admirable, and to be expected from a man of his sound s.onse and penetration. First, that the head-money allowed for' such beasts be doubled and even trebled; secondly, if Go-,-ment should refuse to increase the premiums, that 200 well armed and trained shikarries be engaged by the State, vidOistributed over the infested proincees."-Indian lpaper.
NAYAL AND MTLITARY LYTELLIGENCE. The fleet at Spithead did not get under way yesterday, owing to the boisterous state of the weather. Had it beerL favourable the Commander-in-Chief, Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, K.C.B., would have assembled all the gunboats at Spithead, and manceuvred them. The Russell, 60, Captain Francis Scott, went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday to coal, &c. The Vulcan, 6, screw steam troopship, Commander Bowyear, was removed from the steam basin yesterday, preparatory to going to Spithead; she is to convey friends of members of the Government to the review. The Dasher steamvessel, Captain Le Febvre, arrived yesterday from the Channel Islands to be appropriated for special serice at the review. The Geyser, 6, paddle sloop, Commander Tower, returned to Spithead yesterday afternoon. The Vesuvius, 6, paddle sloop, Commander Hore, leit Portsmouth yesterday for the eastward, with supernumeraries. The Driver, 6, paddle sloop, Commander Gardner, left on Wednesday evening for the eastward, to bring back gunboats to Portsmouth. The Trent, steam transport No. 94, went into Portsmouth harbour on Thursday to discharge stores. At the monthly examination of officers for promotion, and of candidates for entry into the service, held at the Royal ?\aval College, Portsmouth, yesterday, the following passed :-Mates, Royal Navy, for Lieutenants.-Messrs. C. Parry, T. A. de Wahl, J. 0. Hopkirs, G. D. Clayhills, R, H. Thompson, F. M. Norman, E. M. Smith, J. E. ,M. Wilson, the HonL R. lVoreton, H. F. Hovenden, F. W. Hallowes, G. C. Sinclair, and B. St. John Garforth. For Naval Cadets.-Messrs. J. x. Marsden, 3. Anderson, C. E. Domville, T. S. Jackson, W. E. Garnett, W. B. Bridges, F. J. Easther, H. C. Walker, E. C. G. T. West, H. Percy, N. G. Willoughby, FrankBell, C. M'Lauglin, and J. 0. Scales. Five of these passed from the preparatory establishment of Mr. T. Eastman, ALN., Southsea. For Masters' Assistants-E. H. Hawes and C. W. M'Conachy. The naval cadets and masters' assistants have joined Her Majesty's ship Victory, pro tem,. The Rattler, 11, screw steam sloop, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from China, with a number of Russian prisoners, part of the crew of the frigate Diana. The Monkey paddlewlleel steamvessel, Second-Mastercommanding George Syndercombe, and the paddlewheel steamvessel Widgeon have arrived at Sheerness with the followving mortar vessels from the Thames .-Nos. 2, 16, 17, 20,106, and 107, the two latter being iron-built vessels. The African paddlewheel steanvessel, Second-Master-Commander Rheuben Harvey, has also arrived from Wivenhoe with the new inortar vessel No. 47; built by Messrs. Harvey, of Ipswich. Tbe gunboat Mackerel, of 60-horse power, Lieutenant-Commander Edmond F. 'Weld, has arrived from the Thamues. The Sepoy gunboat, Lieutenant-Commander Hlenry N. Knox, aid the Leveret gunboat, LieutenantCommander William Codrington, have left Sheerness to join the squadron at Spithead. The Eurotas, 12 guns, screwv mortar-ship of 20-0-horse power, Captain William Moorsom, C. B., has left Sheerness for Spithead, to join the squadron there. The only vessels now fittin,g in the basin are the Layne, 14 gunsloop; the Wasp, 14 gtns, screw steam-sloop; and the paddlewheel steamvessel Fearless. The Lizard paddlewheel steamvessel, Lieutenant-Comm-ander Thomas B. Christopher, has left for Spitllead to be applied as a despatch vessel under the Commander-in-Chief of the fleet there. The screw steam gunboat Traveller, 2, G0-horse power (tender to the Colossus!, Prince Victor Hohenlohe Lieutenant commanding. sailed yesterday from Woolwich for Greenhithe, equipped and stored for sea. The Daisy, 2, screw steam gunboat of the light squadron, 20-horse power, sailed also yesterday from Wooluich for Greenhithe, on the vay to Portsmouth. The Thrasher, Spanker, and Grappler, each of 60-horse power, have received their complement of stores, and are in a forward state for sea. They were yesterday morning hauled out of the inner to the outer basin at Woolwich, and, as an extension of some days has been granted for further preparations, necessary to augment the muster of vessels on the 23d, the Thrasher, Grappler, and Spanker, as well as the Onyx and Pert, at present in the dry dock (two screw gunboats of the light squadron), will likewise be in readiness to join the flOtilla at Portsmouth. The mortar floats 108, 109, and 110, are under the hands of the shipwrights, who are pushing the works of their department forward with the utmost diligence. Three mortar floats are expected at Woolwich from Messrs. Mare's, the builders. As a compensation for the over-time in wlhich the numerous workmen of Woolwich and Deptford have been necessarily engaged for the despatch of the gun and mortar boats, it is said that the Lords of the Admiralty have decided on appropriating a steamvessel for the acconmmodation of the clerks and others thus employed in Woolwich and Deptford dockyards, so as to enable thenm to witness the effect to whlich their labours and exertions have so largely contributed. The contractors' vessels Hero, Wells, and 'Uncle Billy are discharging shot, shell, and 13-inch mortars, from the Lowmoor works, at Woolwich ArsenaL No. 2 Company of the Royal Artillery, 11th Battalion, Captain Bayly, with 130 non-conmmissioned officers and gunners, left Woolwich yesterday morning for Sheerness, to replace a number of recruits who are to be withdrawn to head-quarters int order to fill up vacancies in various companies there. The followring appointments wvere made yesterday at the Admiralty :-H. FV. V. Warrington, to be Paymnaster, to the Belleisle; and Francis 0. Simpson, to he Second-Master, to the Transit. ___
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMfES. Sir,-In one of your leaders of to-day you affirm that military and naval officers are generally unfitted by their profession to govern our colonies. You illustrate your argument by the acts and death of Captain Sir Charles Hotham at Victoria, and in so doing you have committed a great injustice to that distinguished officer. You wiite- " An unfortunate instance of the unfitness of military and naval officers for the government of coloinies is afforded by the history of the governor wvhoso death has given occasion to these observations. Sir Charles Hotham is admitted on all hands to liave been an excellent officer, having shownv on many occasions the most undaunted courage, and onceunhappily for him-very considerable dexterity in managing a negotiation with such assistance as he could derive from. the cannon of his frigate. On the strength of these excellent qualities Sir C. Eotham was sent to govern the turbalent colony of Victoria," &;c. Now this statement, incorrect in fact, and placed in context with the rest of your article, would make your readers suppose that Sir C. Hotham was merely a brave sailor, who had rendered no more difficult and fruitfal service to his country than that of forcing the blockade of the Parana and Buenos Ayres, which he accomplished many years ago after a desperate action. Far from this being the case, Sir C. Hotham was a highly educated gentleman and linguist. Early ill 1852 he submitted to Lord Giranville, then MKinister of Foreign Afliairs, a most able paper, showing the immense importance to tbhis country of opening the internal trade of South America to Europe through the vast channels of the Parana and Paraguay,which pierce it for 1,200 and 1,500 miles. Inunediately afterwards Lord Derby's Government took office, and I sent Sir C. Hotham to negotiate a comsnercial treaty with these riverain States. Formerfailures, the proverbial jealousy anid sluggishness of those races, their continual civil wars and their uncivilized condition, rendered the attempt almost hopeless. After 18 months, in 1853, it appeared to be quite so to Lord Clarendon, for, at the moment of Sir C. Hotham's complete success, the ship that took out his recall crossed on the Atlantic the one which bore home his treaty. I need not say that none was ever signed more inportant to British commerce, and we owe it entirely to the tact, patience, and experience of a peculiar people displayed by Captain Sir C. Hotlham in this negotiation. To this eminent service-which you totally ignore-y -he owed his appointment as Governor of Victoria. I may add that it was forced upon him and urgently deprecated by him, His heart was with the fleets,then preparing for an inevitable war, and, speaking of them, he said to me, "Ve shal do nothing against R.ussia without gunboats and mortar vessels." Subsequent events have proved how rightly he judged. I have no wish to enter into a controversy respecting the comparative merits of military and civil officers in civil services, but I know that in the diplomatic and consular line military and naval rank (cexterisaribus) bring with them to certain courts and countries great personal infuence. Such was the case with Sir C. Iotham in South America, and I am convinced a civilian would not there have succeeded. I have the honour to be, Your obedient Os-onr + MAALM3ESfBURY. AVhitThall-gardenq. April 10. - ooarxTrom our ignoring it, Lord3ralmesbury ignores th extract he has himself made from our article, in which we especially give Sir C. Hothaum credit for this very negotia tion. BAEX-NOTES.-A Tieasury minute, dated the 18th 'alt., orders the payment to the public of thenet profits of the additional issue of banr-notes, under the order in Council of the 7th of December, 1855. The additionalissue w,N 475,O 1., and the net profit bervon amoimts to 8,0784
IR?LAND. THm CAVAT SPEeCA coMsso (POM OUR OWN Co1xspoyD1T.) DUBLIN. TmisDay 3RoNIN The Cavan Commission was opened yesterday morning by Chief Justice Monahaji and Mr. Justice Moore. The proceedings attracted great interest, and the courthouse was crowded to suffocation. TheAttorney and Solicitor General, aided by two other Crown lawyers, attended for the prosecution, and MIr. Johnson and Mr. Dowse were engaged to conduct the defence of the men charged vith the murder of Miss Hlinds. The commission having been read, the grand panel was called over, and 23 gentlemen answered and were sworn. There was a large muster of petit jurors, of whom 12 ere challenged by the prisoners, and 14 by the Crown. When a jury had been constituted and sworn James MIurphy was given in charge for having wilfully, feloniously, ic., murdered Miss Charlotte Hinds on the 12th of October last. HEe is about 30 years of age. He was dressed with care, and, though manifesting considerable interest in the proceedings, did not appear alarmed. The Attorney-General opened the case in a speech of considerable length and ability, and several witnesses h1aving been examined, at {i 'clock the Crowvn case closed, and the Court adjourned to this morning, wvhen the defence is to be openled. THE MURDER OF nnS. x;aly. The fate of this unfortunate lady, whose name has, one way or another, been familiar to the Irish public for upwards of a quarter of a century, has excited a sensation here which scarcely falls short of the interest attachedtothe catastrophe of Hampsteadheath. From her first appearance in a court of law, when a mere girl inlyears, down to her last, as a disputant in the celebrated wvill case, hardly a year passed over without some revelation in the singularhistory of the inheritress of the almost fabulous wealth bequeathed to her by the late Mr. Kelly, of Rookwood, i the county of Roscommon. Less remnarkable persons have had their "life" transmitted to posterity, and possibly a similar notoriety will preserve the memory of the ill-fated victim of one of the blackest murders that ever stained the annals of Irish crime. The accounts of the diabolical tragedy are as yet incomplete, but enough has tralspired privately to warrant the belief that when the whole facts are broug,ht to light there will be ample materials for a chapter in the Newgate Calcnder at least as dark in shade as anyhitherto recorded in the pages of that production. The following appears in the Frecmivns JourStI of this morning:- " Our city was yesterday horrified by an account of the brutal murder of Mrs. Sarah Kelly, so well known in connexion wvith the suit which had been long litigated in our courts. We have only the simple fact of the marder, amplifiedby the addition of a few slight details. This mystenous transaction is not likely to receive a further development until the inquest. Meanwhile it appears that this barbarous assassination was accompanied with circumstances of great atrocity. Mrs. Kelly had been visiting her property near the town of Moate, in Roscommon, accompanied by one of her nephews. On Tuesday evening, about half-past 6 oclock, she appears to have gone from her residence, at the solicitation of some woman, to visit the cottage of a favourite tenant. She was leaning on the arm of her nephew at the time, when two men, wearing masks, and armed, suddenly appeared before her, and discharged two pistol shots at the unfortunate lady. They hit her in the temple. The effect was instantaneous. She died without uttering a word. We have heard various rumours about this sad transaction, to which we attach no belief. Some persons closely connected with Mrs. Kelly have, we understand, been arrested. We deem it pradent at present to omit names. No doubt a searching inquiry wvil he instituted to reach the parties privy to the foul deed. We hear detective officers have been set to work, and already many ,urmises have gone forth. So far as we could learn, the murder is unconnected with agrarian causes,-at least, none of the accounts which reached the city yesterday state anything to that effect. We hear that, so far from being a harsh proprietor, Mfrs. Kielly was very opular with her tenantry and the labouring population on hier estate, wllom sheliberally aided, on manyoccasions, with gifts of clothing, bedding, &c." Here is another version, as published by the .Eapiress: "It appears that in the depressed times Mrs. Kelly bad made large temporary abatements in the rents of her several properties, but that some short time since she wished to raise them towards their for-mer level, and had caused notices to be served to that effect, which is assigned as the immediate cause of her murder. The two ruffians were dressed in female habiliments, and, in addition to their faces being blackened, wore thick crape veils. The murder occurred at 6 o'clock, and the firing of the pistols was distinctly heard in 'Mrs. Kelly's house. Her brains bespattered the ground where she fell. It is not knownt what course Mr. Strevans, who is a young man, pursued on the instant ; but within a very short time a horse and man were despatched to Moate, and the police arrived, and a labouring man named Owen Waters, who was then in Mr. KeUy's employment, but who had not been at work during that day, was arrested on suspicion, and information was sent of the affair to the deceased's nephewv and agent, Mr. Strevans, of Kiltoon, countg of scommon, and brother of the gentleman who was vith Mrs. Kelly at the time of the murder. A circumstance which affords some surprise and sufficient evidence of the lawless character of the immediate neighbourhood of the late unfortunate lady's residence is to be found in the fact that within the short space of two years two persons have been killed while in her employ. The first was an orphan boy from BaUinasloe, niamed Lyons, whom Mrs. Kelly had taken into her employment, for the apprehension of whose murderers she offered a rewvard of .501. and the other was a man named Barett, the husband of the murdered lady's own maid." A letter in Samnders of this day supplies the subjoined additional particulars- "BALLTMASLOE, Wednesday.-The circumstances connected with the murder of this lady on Tuesday evening are of a very singular nature, and, although the police autholities have not had sufficient time to institute inquiries, it is not thought that the horrible crnule was the result of any agrarian conspiracy, as in the case of the late hliss Hinds. The name of Mrs. Kelly has long been before the public in coIInexion with the will of her husband, of Roxborough, in the couinty of Galway, who left her property which, at the time of his death, amounted to 11,000W. a-year, and upwards of 200,0001. in ready money or available sureties. The will was disputed by the next of k-in, and, after great litigation, in the beginning adverse to the wife, her title wvas established. She had for some years residedeach season at a handsome seat not far fromu Brighton, having her Dublin house in Upper Baggot-street and also a property, which was occasionally visited, in Ballinderry, in the county of Westmeath, the post-town of which is Moate. With her great wealth she livedina very quiet nianner, and in pecuniary matters as well as in the general affairs of life she displayed considerable intelligence and sagacity. Mrs. :Kelly left Dublin very recently for lallinderry, where she purposed building a newv and handsome mansion, and on Monday last, before dinner, walked about the grounds in coinpany with a professional gentleman who was on a visit. After their return to the house it is stated that shie walked out again witl a relative, and after some time a shot was heard, which at the moment created no uneasiness. HoNvever, in a short time her companion returned and stated that IL-s. Kelly had been brutally murdered; that as they were passing close to a ditch two men, dressed in female attire, and with crape veils drawl over their faces, jumped out and warned him to stand aside;. that a shot wan then fired which took effect on the lady; and that when the assassins wvent off lie at once fled and gave the alarm. The domjesties went at once to the spot, and the ulnfortunate Mrs. Kelly was found lying dead, the head presenting a fearfuil spectacle." TH NS THIE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols., 92,; ditto for account, May 8, 923 ; * New Three per Cent. Stock, 93,1 93 ; ditto, for account, May S, 93g; Bank Stock, 222. Railway Debentures. -Dublin and Kingstown, 4 per cent., of 1001., 98; Waterford and Limerick. 5 per cent., of 5001., 95 ; EHibernian Bark of Ireland (251. paid), 30k, Royal Bank of Ireland (101. paid), 191; Mining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 14; ditto, for account, 14. (BY ELECTltIC TELEGRAPH.) DUBLIN, TnURSDAY EVx-naG. THIE MURDER OF -,W. EELLY. The following appears in a second edition of the F-reeman's Jouna l of this day - " The inquest on the body of the late Mirs. Kelly has beeni adjourned intil Tuesday next, when it wil be renewed in the courthouse of Moate. The case is a most extraordinary one, and many strange rumours are in circulation on the subject, but as yet nothing authentic has transpired calculated to fix the guilt of the deed upon any one. A relative of the deceased has been arrested, and is now in custody; but we have not heard of the circumstances, if there are any, which may have caused suspicion to fall upon him. This person, it is said, had the management of- the Ballinderry property. "Our correspondent says :-' This day (Wednesday) I visited the place where this dreadul murder was committed; it is on the top of a hill, a long way from Mrs. Kelly's house. It is said that when the unfortunate lady was walking with her nephew the two assassins, having their faces blackened, and being otherwise disguised, came into the field through the gate. They walked quietly tip to their victim, who at first was not aware of their approach; but, seeing them,and apprehending their murderous purpose, she fell fainting to the ground; while in this condition one of the murderers deliberately stooped over the prostrate body and shot her through the head with a pistoL Hethen stepped aside, andthe other miscreant did the same.} The head of the deceased presented a frightful spectacle, the skull b literally blowninto fragmonts and the brain scattered about. I picked up many piees of her skull, and saw one bullet dug out of the round urdei-neath lhere her brains lay."'
SPOBTING INTE.LIaENCE. -S - EPSOMi SPRING E - 9 We began to think that bad weather intended toDstanE by the Epeom Spring Meeting with as much fidelity as it is said to have stood by M. Fliutwinch's dismal-looldng old house in the city; but, notwithstanding the very unfavourable state of the morning-clouds lowering thickly, and rain falling drearily at brief intervals-the afternoon turned out gaily and cheerfully, and diffused an atmosphere of enjoyment all around. By thetinme the bell rang to saddle for the City and Suburban, the downs presented a goodly attendance of company. iZcensed victuallers w ere in great force; it is their pet meeting, and they chiefly contribute to its support. Since it farst started into existence it has, year after yeaor, increased in vigour and strengthened in attraction. It has its benevolent "features," too, as the contributions by the winner of th6 !etropolita. Stak-es to those noble institutions the Licensed Victuallers' School and theLicensed Victuallers' Asylum very satisfactorily testify l'rofessionals mustered strongly in the betting inclosure and carried on their speculations with unabated energy and siust. The sport provided was of an extraordinarily attractive character. At no other meeting in the kingdom are so many items of interest and impnort,ncs crowded into one day's programme. Event folbowed event so closely, that the officials and the bookmakers were from the commencement of the proceedings to the close most actively employed. l?rom our return of the racing it will be seen that the bookmakers were followed by the ill lIack which pursued them at Doncaster, Thirslk, and elsewhere. Every event, witlh only one exception, was won by the fav6urite. Hospitalitywasthe only exception, but he -was backed somewhat spiritedly, and very few bookmakers escaped "laying." The horse won the City and Suburban cleverly enough. He was first brought prominently into the betting on this race during the recent meeting at Doncaster, bht a strong current of opposition set in against him at the commencement of the present week, and he gradnally drifted into the outside division. Just before the start, however, he was supported hy his party at prices varying from 100 to 5 to 100 to 6. The principal outlay was at the higher odds, but the correct quotation at starting was, we believe, 100 to 6. Fishermau emerged from the -cloud of suspicion in which he had been involved, and was again made the leading favourite, while St. Hubert receded, point by point until at last 6 and 7 to 1 were laid against him. Sir George and Boerhad each numerous supporters. Hospitality won so cleverly that hewasimmediatelybacked for the Chester Cup at 10 to L St. Hubert lost much ground at starting, and never once figured prominently in the encounter. The highly favourable opinion which had in certain wellinformed quarters been expressed respecting Cannobie was well founded. The horse won the Metropolitan stakes ina canter, and was afterwards backed at 10 to 1 for the Derby I The business of the meeting was, as usual, most ably conducted by the Newmarket staff of officials- and afull measure of praise must be awarded to the raiway authorities for the completeness of their arrangements on the occasion. Subjoined are ample details of the sport:- TiE RAILWA}Y PLATE of 60 sovs. (Handicap.) New. T.Y.C. Threequarters of a mile. M1r. Sargent's Jane Shore, by Planet, 3 yrs, 6st. 131b. (Quinton) ... ... ... ... ... ... ...1 Mr. Dennett's HartlyBuck, 4 yrs, 6st. 71b. (Bollands) 2 Mir. Drinkald's Professor Airey, 4 yrs, 7st. 41h. (Covey) 3 The following also ran:- N. B. Land's Englemere, 4 yrs, 7st. 121b. (J. Land). jIr. Sherwood's Roebuck, 5 yrs, 7st. 121b. (T. Sherwood). Mr. B. Land's Census, o yrs, 7st. 71b. (Ashmall). Lord Anglesey's colt, by Slane, - of Raillery, 3 yrs, 6st. 121b. (Fordham) Mr. Saxon's Pretty Girl, S yrs, 6st. 91b. (J. Forster). Mr. R. Williams's colt by Cluinsey, - of Bastille, 4 yrs, 6st. Betting.-4 to 1 each agst Jane Shore and Hartly Buck, 5 teo 1 eacohagst Professor Airey, PRoebuck, Raillery colt and Won by half a length; two lengths between the second and third; Roebuck was fourth. The Dvo YEAR OLD STA;ES of .10 sovs. each, -with 50 added; colts, Sst. 71b.; fillies, Sst. 41b. The second to rave his stake. Half-a-mnile. 35 subs. Mr. T. Parrs Apathy, by Annandale, Sst. 71b. (Bar- tholomew). .. .1 ... . ...I Mr. Dou"las's Tinwald, Sat. 711b, (Fordham) .. ...2 Mr. J. Rserry's Cara Fatima, Sst. 41b. (Ashmall) ... 3 The following also ran:- Mr. J. Clark's filly, by Alarm- Alicia, Sst. 41b. (Wake- field). Mr. B. Day's The Grey Dawn, Sat. 41b. (I owe). Mr. W. Day's Aloupka, Sst. 41b. (J. Goater). Mr. J. Hornsby's Colt, by Cotheistone, - Ellen Horne, Sst. 71b. (C. Horusby, jun.) Mr. Payne's filly, by Orlando, - Farmers Daughter, Sat. 41b. (Flatman.) General Peel's Inspiration, Sst. 41b. (J. Mann.) Baron Rothschild's Western Power, Sst. 71b. (Chariton.) Baron Rothschild's colt, by Iago, - Evening Star, gst. 71b. (Hayoe.) Mr. Sherwood's Fright, S&t. 71b. (R. Sherwood.) Mr. Snewing's Amorous Boy, Sst. 71b. (Wells.) Betting.-7 to 2 agst Apathy, 4 to 1 agst Western Power, 5 to 1 agst Amorous Boy, 10 to 1 agst any other. A fine race in, won by three-quarters of a length; a length betveen the second and third; Farmer's Daughter filly, Western Power, Fright, Aloupka, and Amorous BDy well up, formed the next lot. THE CITy ANrD Sumup.mnx HI.\ricAr of 15 sovs. each' 10 ft., and only 5 if declared, &c., -with 150 added. The second to receive 25 sovs. out of the stakles. Certain winners extra. The vwinner to nay 101. 10s. to the Licensed Victuallers'Protection Society. Last mile and a quarter of the New Derby course. 94 subs., 39 of whom pay 5 sovs. each. Mtr. Ridley's Hospitality, by Malcolin, 3yrs, 6st. 21b. (Bullock) ... .. ... .. .. . ...1 Mr. T. Parr's Fisherman, 3 yrs, 5st. 91b. (carried 5st. 101b. (Carroll) 2. .. ... ... .1.. ...2 Admiral Harcourt's Ellermire, 4 yrs, 7st. Glb. (Aldceroft) 3 Thefollowing also ran :- -- Mr. Howard's St. Hubert, 4 yrs, Sst (Wells). Mr. H. Bird's Ariosto, aged, 7st. 51b. (car. 7st. 7Ib) (Flat- man). Mr. Walker's Wink-field, 5 yrs., 7s. 41b. (J. Goater). Lord Cl}fden's Alembic, 5 yrs., 7st. (Crouch). Mr. F. Fisher's New Brighton, 6 yrs., 6st. lllb. (Hughes), Ir. Barber's Sir R. Trenchard, aged, 6st. 91b. (J. Forster). Mr. J. Clark's The Hind, 4 yrs, Gst. 91b. (Hearnden). llr. Cape's Helene, 4 yrs., /ist. Slb. (Alderwood). Mrr. Saxon's Barrel, 5 yrs., 6st. Slb. (C. Rayner). [Mr. D. Lane's Crown Pigeon, 4 yrs., Ost. 71b. (J. Steggles). M1r. W%V. Smith's Cave Adullum, 4 yrs., 6st. Glb. (Huinfrage). Mr. Howard's Spindle, 3 yrs., Gst. 51b. (Fordham). Mr. Davison's Sir George, 4 yrs., 6st. 41b. (Quinton). Mr. Payne's Boer, 5 vrs., 6st. 31b. (Plumsb). Mr. J. Wotton's Lord Fordwick, 4 yrs, 5st. 91b. (Searle). Mr. R. PAnson's Sly Fellow, 3 yrs, 5st. 51b. (Withington). Mr. Morris's Bnbble, 3 yrs, 5st. 51b. (Gray). Baron Rotlhschild's Little Tibby, 3 yrs, 5st. 41b. (carried ast. Gib. (Cresswell). Mr. Goodered's The Dnffer, 3 yrs, 4st. 101b. (Britton). Mr. W. Robinson's Post Horse, 3 yrs, 4st. 101b. (Challoner). Mr. Coward's Moselle. X yrs, 4st. 71b. (Shaksaeare). ILord Anglesey's Blue B3ll, 3 yrs, 4st. 41b. (A~dams). Betting at Starting.-5 to 2 agast Fishermnan (3 tol1 taken), 6 tol1agstBo4er, G tol1ag3t St. HIubert (Y tol1taken), S to 1 agat Sir George (9 to 1 taken), 100 toO6, each, agst Ellermire and HLospitality, 25 to 1 agast Sir llowland Trenchard, 100 to 3 aget NTew Brighten. After much marching and countermarching, the start was effected, but in a very unsatisfactory manner, St. Hubert, Spindle, Bubble, Cave Adullam, Lord Fordwich, and two or three others being far behind the front rank when the signal was given. Ellennire was first off with her stable companion, Hospitality, in close attendance, Fisherman, Posthorse, NTew Brighton, Sir Rowland Trenchard, Sir George, Little Tibby, and Winkfield lying pretty well up in their wake, the others straggling after them. They had scarcely, however, proceeded 200 yards when Posthorse went to the front, Ellermire gradually easing off. On reaching the top of the hill Fishernan sailed away with the lead, Posthorse going oln second, and Sir Rowland Trenchard third; Ellermire, Hospitality, Little Tibby, and iankfleld running up in nearly the same order in which we have set do-wn their names. As they apProached the lower turn Sir Rowland Trenchard and Little Tibby gave way, and Sir George became fourth, and on rounding Tattelham-corner Posthorse also dropped off. Sir George at that point showed in the second place, Ellermire being third, and Hospitality next. When they had fairly entered the straight, Hospitality joined Fisherman, and Sir George was passed by Ellermire. On nearing the distance Hospitality obtained the lead, and after a somewhat exciting set-to won very cleverly by half a length-two lengths separating the second from the third. Winkfield was a bad fourth, Sir George fifth, Cave Adullam sixth, Boer seventh, and Ariosto eighth. The last lot consisted of Bubble, St. Hubert, Spindle, and Moselle. The IS\ERNuVz PxPL'TE of S0 soya., for -yr-olds and up- wards. Weight for age, &c. Half a mile. Mr. Y. King's Flacrow, by Archy, 4 yrs, gst. 71b. (Cbarlton) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 Mr. Harrison's King of Trumps, aged, Sst. 91b. (Bar- tholomew) ...2... .. ... ... .. ... 2 Mr. Edwards's Little John, 2 yrs, 5st. 21b. (Snowden) ... 3 Mr. Morris's Comfort, 5 yrs, Sst. 41b. (Basham) . ... 4 The following also ran:- Mr. E. J. Lloyd's Gitana, 2 yrs, 4st. Illb. (carried 5st. Sib.) (Fordham). IWr. Dennett's Hartly Buck-, 4 yrs, Sat. 7Tb. (FIatman). Mlr. B. Land's Census, S yrs, 8st. Olb. (Palmer). Mr. Saxon's filly by Alarm, - Miss Julia, 2 yrs, 4st. 1lst. (Shakspeare). Mr. Howard's Little Emma, 3 yrs, 7st. (Porter). Betting.-l;v:en on Filacrow; 2 tel agst Comfort; 5 to 1 aget Kingof Trumps. Won by six lengths; three lengths separated the second fromu the third; nanck between the third and fourth. Little Ernma and Gitana were next well uLp. THn GREAT METROPOIJTAN STAKES (Handicmij) of25 sovs. each, 1o ft., and 5 only if declared, &c., with 300 added.. The second to receive SO sovs. out of the stakes. Certain winners extra. The winner to pay 30 sovs. towards the expenses, 101. lOs. to theLicensedVictuallers' School, and 101. lOs. to the Licensed Victuallere' Asylum. Great Metropolitan Stakes Course. Two miles and a-quarter. 79 subs., 35 of whom pay 5 sovs. ft. Lord John Scott's Cannobie, by M,elbourne, 3 yrs, 5st. 121b. (Bullock) 1 Mr. Wal-er's winkfield, o yrs, 7st. Sib. (J. Mann-) 2 Sir J. Hawley's Smack, 3 yrs, ost. 41b. (Plumb) 3 The following also ran:- MIr. Adkins's Flatterer, 4 yrs, 7st. 91b. (Wakefield). Mr. J. 3L Stanley's Mishap, 5 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Ashmall). Mr. Davison's Sir George, 4 yrs, 6st. 71b. (Quinton). Mr. Gratwicke's The Earl, 4 yrs, 6st 51b. (lumpaee) Mfr. E. R. ClarL's Surgeon-General, 5 yrs, st. 31b. (Heariden). Baron Rothschild's Mr. liuffam, 3 rs rst. 41b. (carriO 5st. 61b.) (Cresewell). Mr. Monk's ucldkighlin, 3 yis,5st 41b. (Fordhlim). Mr. D. LAne's Middleton, 3 yrs, 4st. 31b. (carried 4st. Sib.) (Chaloner)... . Mr. Ascher's. Coleshill, 5 7 b. (Bray). Mr. Sarent's Rip Van Winkle, 3 yrs, 5st. 21b. (Fanlk-ner). Betting at starting.-6 to 4 aget Cannobie, 4 to 1 agstMiddleton, 6 to I agst Sir George, 1Q to I agst sp, l2t, I agst. Smack. - Surgon-General started with a long lead, isha lip Van Winkle, Sir George, Iffiddleton, -and r>. liuffali lying well together in his wake,'CAnnobie, Wmkfield, ani. flatterer forming the last lot. Thi3 order was maintained. until they arrived hiilf-wayUD the hill, after turning oilt of the " straighit." SmLack then ran into the second ulace andl Sir George became third, Mishap, IRipVan Winkle, and Middieton occupying the next postions. As they approachedt the turn mto the old course the iterval which senarate Surgeon-General from his opponent wasrapidly lessened, and he soon retired into the ruch, leaving Smack with the lead, and Cannobie atthe same time bearing his colours into. the second place, Sir George lying third, with Winkfield, who had gradually drawn forward, fourth. They ran thus. to the turn into the straight, where Cannobie passed Smack, -who gave lway to Winlfield at the distance. From thit point the issue of the race was not for a moment in doubt. Cannobie cantered in the winner byfive lengths, 'WikdeliE beating Smack by 10 lengths for the seeond money; Mid. dletonw was fourth, Bucldngham fifth, and Rip Van Winkhs and The Earl next.; Elatterer and Coleehill were the las1 two. The BALAx.jvA. STAKES, Of 5 SOV5. e%ch, Vith 30 added, for 2-yr-olds and upwards. Optional selling allowances, &c. lf a mile. 11 subs. xr. Benderson!s Ceres, by Planet, 3 yrs (30.), 7st. Mr. Watson's Speculator, 2yrs 3;.j,.5st.21b. 2Fordham 2 3fr. W. Day'sAlouppka, 2 yrs (301.), 4st. (Hb.(Hibberd] Z -Ar. Saxon's Pretty Girl 3 yrs (301), 7st. (G. Forster) ... The following also ran:- Ir. Edwars lAtttle John, 2yrs (MIL), 5st. 21b. (Snowden). Mr. Rayner's filly by Don John, out of Empress, 3yrs, (1001.), Sst. (Arthu). -Mr. T. Haghes's Firelight, 4 yrs (301.), Sst. 21b. (Hughes). Captain Delne's Longsight, Syrs (80.), 7st. I01b. (Flatman). Mr. E. R. Clarks Billingham, 5 -rs (30L1, St. 61b. (Kendall) M[r. Robinson's Radulphus, aged (3!.), Ss. 61b. (Aldcroft). Mr. Willia&s's colt by Clumsy - Bastile, 4 yrs (3D!.), &st. 71b. (Lye). Betting.-5 to -4 agst Ceres, 5 to 2 agst Aloup. The favourite made all the runnig, and won in a cauterby two lengths; three lengths between the second and third, nd a neck between the third and fourth. The winner was sold by auction for 200 guineas. B=Er'rG ON THE COURSE. CHESTER CUP. 8 to 1 agst Hospitality (10 to l taken freely). DEnBY. 4 to 1 agst Wentworth (taken). 10 to 1- Cannobie (taken).
HAYMARKB2THEATRE. Any old playgoer who, lastn ght, enjoyed the luxury of witnessing a little musical farce, named (after the song of the day) Die Postnan?'s Knock, might have fancied not unreasonably, that he had suddenly become fifty years younger, and that he vas beholding some production of O'lKeefes, wiitten at a moment when that. once popular dramnatist was less than usually animated by his native spirit of " fn." There was just the same sort of love difliculty, jUst the same sort of alternation between. dilo,e ancl sing-song, just the same perpetual shifting of scenes so as to maLe the least possible amount of action occur in the greatest possible number of places, that woulct have been devised to amuse an audience of the beginning of the century, when our stage was free from the influence of Gallic art. A young lady, to avoid a hatefal match, resolves to elope with a military officer, ansu her maid designs to run off with the postman, ',nt, as officers and postmen both wear red coats, the maid is associated with the man of war and thelady with the " man of letters"-(this jolke is the author's, not ours)-till the double mistake is discovered, and consequently rectified. Thanks to the neatness vith whicla ldr. W. Farren sang the lay of the " knock," and the quaint manner in which the 8oubrdtlc wav played by Muiss Lavine, and a waiter by .Mr. Clarke, the trinae -went off merrily enough, and was even fortunateenough to be honoured with a modicum of applanuse at the fall of the curtain; but we would not advise dramatists to select it as a model for imitation. The bills declare that it is original, and we do not see the slighest reason. to question their accuracy. A Frenchman would as soon. think of chopping his own body into five portions as of usinzg five scenes to tell so slight a tale. The Spanish dancers retain all their pristine power of attraction. Indeed, it seems as though the briliant achievemuents of Senora Perea Nena, far from creating a merely temuporaryfwore, are recog,nised as constituting one of thepermanent recreations of the metropolis.
TO TUB EDITOR OF THE TIATES. Sir,-In your report of what I said in the short debate. which took place last night in reference to the proposed. grant of 6501. for the travelling expenses of the " travellin; agent to the National Gallery," in addition to his salary, and a]so generally as to the appointment of the officers of that institution, there are some important inaccuracies, -which you will, perhaps, allow me to correct. I did not say that "the sole duty -which the secretary would have to perform was one of a mechanical naturesimply that of drawing out a catalogoic rnaiwoann on thecontrary, I said that " almost the only duty not of a merely mechanical nature wvhich he would have to perform vould. be the drawing up such a catalogue, and that certainly it had been theopinion and the intention of the committee, in proposing a liberal and fixed salary for the director that he should himself be willingto undertake any duties oi this description." I did yot say that "I thought there wvere persons in this country wh6 would do the duty without it being necessaryto employ a travelling agent." I said that "I was sare there were plenty of persons in the various towns abroad. with whom the director might put himself in communication, who, from their local knowledge, would be able to obtain good pictures; and thougb, of course, they would. charge a sufficient percentage for their trouble, which would raisethe nominal price of each acquisition, I was convinced that this would prove an, at least, equally efficient and a. much more economiical system than to employ an agent at a salary, with large travelling expenses." Again, I did not say that "Sir Charles Eake had acknowledged that he knew nothing of art, except of Italiau art ," hut that "he had candidly admitted that he had no accurate (and I thinle added crntical) knovledge of otherschools of artthan Italian art." With referencetothe "BoarHnnt" of Velasquez, a wellknown artist stated in evidence before the committee that. he had been employed by 3 Mdr. Thane, while the picture was in Lord Cowley's possession, to restore it in several places, and that in one instance, where ithadreceived injury in the process of lining, he had painted a whole group of figures in the foreground entirely from his own imagination, over a. space as large as a sheet of foolsean. Astonished at thisstatement, I went the next day, in company with this gentleman and two members of the committee, for the purpose of enabling him to point out. to us exactly the part which he had repainted. On carefully examining the picture, however, he very candidly said that he must have been entirely mizstaken as to the amount of the repairs; that there was not a single figure. in which he did not see the work of Velasquez, and that the only portion of the group in question to which he could lay claim was a part of the back of one mule and the head of' another. I referred to this, as also to the entire mistake made by the same witness in reference to a picture stated to have belonged to my grandfather, the late Archbishop ofE York, not for the purpose of impugning in any way the motives or the conscientious belief at the time of an able. artist, but simply to show how easily a careless statement from a respectable source may lead to the most err9neous. impressions. The exact amount of alteration, if any, which has talken place in the arrangement of the figures in the "Boar Hunt' may be ascertained by any one w ho will tke the trouble to get an exact copy- taken of the cony which I have seen hanging in the Sladrid Gallery, in the place formerly occupied by the original picture. By the insertion of the above remarks you will oblige Vn. blnot on G. E. H. VERNTON. 2, Eaton-square, XAril S.
THE ROTATION_OF THE HO ON. TO THE EDITOR OB THE TI3IES. Sir,-Anerican naturalists tell of a certain owl who has so obstinate a habit of staring, that the sportsman need only engage his attention for a few minutes and then walk steadily round him, and the deluded victim will quickly wring his own neck and fall a prey to perseverance in his own viev of the subject. Without drawving a comparison between that sapient bird. andl Her MajestyslIspector of Schools, let the fate of the former serve as a warning to the latter, for if, in supporb of his favourite theory, he attemptto imitate 'he moon's motion by carrying between his finger and thuinb one ball round another so as to present always the same face to it, the second revolution will infallibly sprain his vrist, and. doom him to dictate to an amanuensis his next answer to the science" and " sarcasns" of the public. Yours obediently. _!OONCALF. .Lancom s-nn, April 1U.
20 ThEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Isir,-WVill you permit me to trespass upon your vwaluable space to inquire,-Who was Kazarchow? Your correspondent, Mr. M-oney, who in your imprcssion of the 5th inst. so satisfactorlly explains the now illeUgiblO inscription upo.. " the most interesting monument in Sebastopol," and shows that it refers to Xazarchow, and not Potemkin, does not state who he was. Many of your readers would, I am sure, feel interested in k]owing the character and description of the man whom Russia, in 1834, esteemed worthy of such a monument, "for posterity to serve as an example." I am. Sir. vonur obedient ser-ant E1. I United University Club, April 7.
CIVm SERVICEs, No. YT.-The. Estinlates for Civil Services (No. 6) inelude a sum total of 22",1991., required for the year 185, against 218,3421. last year 146,5371. is reqnired for superannuations and retired allow- ancesT 2,2701. for Toulonese and Corsican emnigrants anclAmerncan loyalists; 2,0001. for the vaccine establishment ; 326L for the Refuge for the Destitute; 4,0001. for Polish refugees and destitute Spaniards, and the remainder for pubnc infirmaries and various hospitals in Dublin, beside& a charge of 39,054!. forNon.conformingand other ministers in Ireland, and 6,0621. for the Concordatum Fund. TZE BA~ ISLTnDS.-Yesterday appeared a copy of the Queen's warrant for erecting the island of Ruatan and cern other islands on the coast of Central America into a colony, under the name of "Bay Islands>," to be administeredby the Governor of Jamaica. The warrant was issued on the 20th of March, 1852, and the right of revoking it is reserved to the Crown. Tho islands are those ot Buat*n, ZQonI&X% Vtilliw ;lelene lb, BUad 44 M,14t
SALES BY AUCTION. Wes, of Eag2und superfine Cloths, Piece Goods of all kinds, rich Silks and Satins. MESSRS. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at their Rooms. Piazza. Covent-garden, THIS DAY, at 1 superfneWE,T of EN8GLASD WOOLLEN CLOTHS,kerseymeres,doeskins, r.ch velvets, satins and silks, wearing appaxel in great variety, table andbed linern and general mscellaneousproperty. Onriew and catalognes ha&-Great Fiazza, Covent-garden. Foreign Cigars, of a genuine, old, first-la6s qu.aity, well matured. M ESSR~S. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at lY the Mart. on T;uesdiay and Friday, the 15th and 15th inst., at 17, old FOREIGNe CIGARS, of frst-class quality, and in very fine condilien lottedto nuit private purchasers. On view. vith catalogues, on mornings of 53le, and a sample box of each opened for inspection and tastinn. 33iton~crcsceat.-Ieong LeaseholdResidence, with immediate pos- or-Pt. , pAER will SELL by AUCTION, at Gar- raway's on Frsd5y, tApril 25, at 12, a conveniently-asranged 1ayjY B JDE2CB; dtuate 8, Barton-cescent, St. Pancras; vibnfl ding o of. P 0arkr 4KepstreBet; and a ara wa>Y's. Blshopsgate-str&it without,' Xos. 589, 60, and 61. MESSRS. FOSTER ancl SON are directed to SELL h by AUCTION at the Mart, ouTuesday, April 15, at 12, in one lot,one undivided TR H-PART or SHARK! in and toFOUP gubatestal FREEErHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES, with shops and back preun,ei being ;os, 58, 59. CO, and 61, Bishopsgate-street wiithout da5oefr theetiaed saenntual ealuaeot zM£> .0 Padrticl may be bad 14 days before the sale at the Mart,; of G. D)oddl, rzeq., solicitor, 26, New B d-street, city and of 3fesers.ster. 5, P.Il-maU. Stoke Newington.-A capital Leasehold Property of Fivo weU-bust Houses and Shops in the high road all let on long leases, ard held for 94 years at ground rents . to be sold in five lots. ES EiSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SELL ' Vtby AUCTION, at the 3art, on Tuesday, April 15, at 12 FIVE: excellent HOUSFS with modern Shops, advantageously placed in the best Part of the Higis-street, Stoke Newingtounbeing Nos.4, 5,6, 7, aud S let respectively to mr.Davidg %fr.Ituumey. Mr. Parrot, MEr. Kenny, and Ilr.l{all, on leases, each for'l years, at the foUowing rents,viz., £zS55o, £70, £60. mad ;£63. ma,kng together .£303 per annum ; held direct from the freeholder, at, for hos. 4 and 5 together, £30 ground rent' and for Nos. 6, 7, and 8 a ground rent of £3 per annum each. This property is in the most desirable part of Stoke Neivington for business, is to be sold in five lots, offering good security for investment Without chauge, as the tenants aU hold for 21 years, and have power in their leases to claim renewals for affurtherterm of 21 years. May be viewed by permission of the tenants, and particulars had at the Angel, Islington; at the Mart; of Messrs. McLeod and Camn, 51, Lincoln's-innfields; and of Messrs. Foster and Son, 54, PaU-maUl. Pall-mall.-Modem and Ancient Pictures, Drawings, Ornamenta, a Planetarium, an expensive Organ by Robson, the property of a gentleman. lUESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC- 1 J TIO,Wat the Galery, 5f Pal-mall, on Wednesday, April 16, and following da;, bCOLLECTIOs of about rs PICTz,i ESp removedofro No. 3, }sde-pirk*place, where they eave hung tho last 20 years; ineluding Puins and Figures, Ghisolphsi Rabens and. his Wife. by V. Brachlaler, the priro picture at the kutwver Eahibition; a P.air of narie Views. tw oekkoeckd a Sea Shore, old Msyp; and specienes of- P. Potter Do l;oiugh S. del Piomsbo Van Os D. Teniers A. K'auffman S. Ferrato A., C.uyp. Also sonme clocks, bronres of large size, gou GpS of Dresden china, crandelabras, specinsens of pearlo, a planetarium, a mechanical figure, marb£e pedestals, and an expensive barrel organ by Mressrs. .obsonm On vieYw two days prior, and catalogues had of Messrs. Foster, fit, Pallmall. Pond-street.=Second ad select Portion of the importation of Au- busson Carpets. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUC1 TION, at the Rooms, No. 21, Old Bond-street. on Friay, April 2. said following day, at 1. the costly AUBUSSON and DRESS CARPETS, about 60 in number, and varying in size, suitable to a drauingroom orboudoir. Thogracefuldesigns and harmonious blending of colours In these carpets is remarkable, and they are adapted either to first or second class houses. Every carpet in the former sale was sold, and it is the intention of the owner to conduct this auction on the same ba=is. There will be also some beautiful portieres, tapestrims, sofa covers, Ao. On view four days prior, and catalogues had of Messrs. Foster, 54, Pall-mall. In Chancery.-Collectiou of Ancient Pictures, removed from Ulhelten- ham. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON will (underan order l of the Vice-Chancellor) SELL by AUCTION, at the Gallery, 54 Pl.U-mali, on WVednesday. April 30, at 1, a COLLECTION of about 49 PICTURZS, including two fine examples of Mieris, a landscape, Orizonti, and specimens of Wouvermans Morland Moncheron Roos Palamedes Rubens Clyp Ferg Wilson C. Dlco Domeunichino De Hoogh. To which will be added the following fine works, the property of a clergyman:-An u pright Landscape? by J. and A. Booth; a Landscape, J. Xuysdael . Shipping piece, Backunysen; Landscape, Pynacker, exhibited at thre British institution;* a landscape, A. Onyp. irom Dr. Fletcher's CollectionS mentioned by Smith: a landscape and Figures, by N. Ber,,hem; andel ther excellent pictures. Onview tw o days prior, and catalogues had of MIessrs. Foster, 41, PaU-mall. Italian and Dutch Pictures of great importance. MIJESSRS. FOSTER and SON are dilected to SELL 1 by AUCTION, at the Gallery, 54, Pall-mall, on Wedaesday, May 7, at 1 precisely, a COLLECTION of 1TALIAN, Spanish, Dutch, and Flemish PICTURES, of the highest quality, formed during past years with mature judgment fxorn celebrated galleries and cabinets; among many deserving of particular enumeration may be noticedJupiter and Antiope by Vandyck, and several other important works from the Earl of Coventry's coUection; a Landscape and Figures, by Philip Wouvermans; Holy Family. Parmegiano; and a Lion Hunt, by Rubens, from the collection of SirThomas Baring; Portrait ofRubenes Wife and Child, by Rubens, from Lord Somervil:e's collection; a Landseage. Waterloo; a fine Metiis, from Mr. Lake's cabinet : a Landscape an Waterfall, byRuysdael ; Holy Family, Andrea del arto; Burgomaster and rais Lady, by Terburg; and important specimens of the following great masters:- Murillo W. Vandervelde Cuyp Both Giorgione A. Vandervelde F. Mieris Schalken A. del Sarto] Wouvermans Vanderneer Watteau Parmegiano EglonVanderneer Backlhuysen R.Wilson May be publicly vieved two days prior. Catalogueswill be forswarded on appication to Messs. Foster, 54, Pall-mall. Freehold Houses and Shops, in the city of London let on leases. ESSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by AUCM E2IO, t the Auaction Mlart. on Tuesday, May 20. at 12, in two lots, the foUlowing desicable FREEHOLD PLLOPERTIES, yin. :-A most substantial House and Shop, No. 46, on the nortb side of Skinnerstreet, in the city of London; let on lease to and in the occupation of essrs. Suhrer,foraterm of-years. Let . AsubstantialHouseand Shop, at the back of the former lot, andbeing No. 3. Snovhill; let on lease to, andin the occupationof, Messrs.Webb, for a term of - years. These houses Present excellent investmenuts, and produce a well-secured income of £260 per snisum. Mtaybe viewed by permission of the truants; and particulars had at the Mart;* of Messrs. Garrard and James, solidtors, Suffolk-street, Pall-ma east; and of Mesrm. Foster and Son, 04, Pall-mall. Two miles from Brighton.-The Ovingdean tEstate, all Freehold and free of land-tax; consisting of a capital Mansion. and a Farm. of 350 acres, together with the Manor of Wvighten Calefe. M ESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to 1! announce for SALE by AUCTION, on Tuesday, the 20th day of May, at 12 o'cIock, (unless Dreviously disposed of by private contract), the OVINGDEAN ESTATE, rather less than two miles from Kemp-town. and formerly the property and residence of Nathaniel Kemp, Esq., consisting of a capital farms of about 350 acres of arable, meadow. andpastureland, withfarmcottage andother cottages,farm yard, andall appropriate agricultural buildings, together with Ovingdean-house, a capital residenee, with detached ofEices, stables, coach-houses, carriage yard, pleasure grounds, plantations, walled paddock, kitchen garden, greenhouse, and melon ground. The farm is let on lease to Mr. Steyning Beard, at £300 per annum; the maision and grounds are let on lease to John Vibart Esq. at £260 per annum. The situation is singularly healthy, the inlsnrandmarine views are extensive and beautiful, the lands earry a good 1toek of sheep al the year, and the proximity to Brighton must ever give animpetance to this estate. Particulass may be had of Messrs. Hopgood, aollito, Kng Wllim-sreet Siad;and of'Mesrsm. Foster and Son, 54, Pall-mall.whoareauthorsewd ttoatrcdatffor the sale by private contract. Freehold Ground Rents. f%TESSRS. 8FOSTER and SONiU SELL byAAUC- t TION, at the Mastm in Iay, (unless previously disposed do by prtvate coutcact,l ItEREIiOLI GROUJND itETS, amounting to £607s per annm,l abundantly secured on first-class property, on the Hyde-park eatate. Pairticulars are preparmng.-54, Pall-mall. wPall-mall.-Prellmiary Advertisement. 1MJESSRS. FOSTER and S are directed to remove at the Galler 045, PTall-rmoall. oanWednueapdaoy May 14, andtw o following days, the HOI7SEHOLD FURNITUtRE, decorative thins, casket of jewels, and personal effects of the late Mrs. Elis. The jewels are of a costly character, chiefly farnished by Messrs. Garard and Messrs. Hunt and Roakell. The china and decorative furniture, mostly purchased at Paris, some out of the Exhibitionof 1055. The lace, shawl, and flounces, and Indian shawls areof the best description. The farnsture is plain, but well manufactured, and in a good style; the curtains and bed hangisga through the house are ustin. and the effects are generaly nearly new and handsome. The whole maY be viewed on the promises on Friday, 3lay 0. by catalogues only, and at Pall-maU on the Mionday and Tuesday following. Catalogues fwitl be ready by the 28th April, and may be had at M1essrs. Foster's offices, 0, Pall-mall. This Day.-Eruest Villa, No. 48, Pembridge Vilas, BaysWater.-mor Investment or Occupation. JR. GEO. DEEKS is instructed by the AMortgagee L to SIL by AUCTION, at the Mart, THIS DAY, at 1 pranetually, a substantially erected semi-detached VILLA RESIDENCE. with garden front aud rear; held for a long term at a ground rent, and of the estimated annual rental of £160 per annum. Conditions of sale to be had of Messrs. Bailey, Shaw, Smith, and Bailey, solicitors, 5, Berners-street, Oxford-street; at the Mart; and at the offices, 26, AI.bion-street. Hyde-park. This Day.-No. 18, Oxford-square, Hyde-park.--For Investment or Occupation. M . GEO. DEEB:S is instructed to SELL by AUCTL TION. at the Mart, THIS DAY, April 11, [at 1 punctually, a desirable FAMILY RESIDENCE. eligibly situate on the north side of Oxford-square, of the value of £6200 per annum; heldfor a long term, at a moderate gro;md rent. Conditions of sale to be had of Messrs. Anderson and Shoubridge, 1, Lincoln'-sin-fields; at the Mart; and at the offices, 26, Albion-street, Hyde-park. Tottenbam-court-road.-Valuable Lease for a term of 28 years, at a low rent, wvith possession of the King's Arms weU Imown Pablic-house and Wine Vaults.-ByMessrs.WISBY and MILES, at Garraway's, Cormhill on Wednesday, April 16th, at 12 o'clock, without reserve. rr/IE re iscarin apialeparvhavinghadalarge every accommodation for an extensive business which the situation must always command. May be viewed until the sale, and particulars had; also of Mr. Ware, solicitor, Blackman-street, Borough; and of the auctioneers. Westminstecr-road, Lambeth. Kent Arms, North Woolwich, Kent.-A compact well-built Pablic- house, erected and licensedwithin the last four years. i/jESSRS. WISBY and MILES will SELL by ala ACIN at Garraway's, on Wednesday April 16, at 12, the vlable LEASE, with Possession for' an unexpired term of upward of 17 :years, at the low rent of £45 per annum. The premises are well placed for business on the BlackwaD-road, at the corner of the intended new road to the Victoria Docks and East Ham, an extensively populated and daily increasing nei hbourroed, only two minutes' walk from the station of the North Bloolwich Railway. MIay be viewed until the sale, and particulars had; also at Garraway's; of Mr. Ware, solicitor, Blackman-street, Borough; and of the auctioneers, 10, Mlountstreet, Westminster-road, Surrey. To Hotel Proprietors, Tavern and Eating-houseKeepers,Psivate Famin- lies, and other. 1i1R. PEAKE will SELL by AUCTION, at the MTL Auction Rooms, 28, Leadenhall-street, city, on Thursday and Friday, April 17 and 18, at 12 each day, without the least reserve the extensive surplus STOCIK of a CHINA and PARTEXENWiIIE MLANUFACTURER, removed from the country; comprising 40 dinner services of various colours and pattems, 100 chamber services, 200 and pints) for publichouatsets, ac.,42 odos. ublcanuc-mane2C mondus, 160qgavys dishes, china door-plates, flowecr vases, and an immense variety of stock. Mlay be viewed en WVednesday, 16th, and momings of eale; and catalogues obtained at the rocuss, and at Mlr. Peake'e offices, 41, Tooleystreet, Sonltbwark. To Anglers.-Shepperton, a short distance from tho Walton Station.- Delightful Cottage Residence and 18Acres of Land. . PEXA E is favoured with instructions to SELL JAP by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, ay 7 at 12, a FREEHOLD detached COTTAGE RESIDENCE and COfYHOLD LAhD. sstulate in the village of Sheppertin, near the Walton Station, wvith immediate possession, comn rsing coach-house and stabEungfor six homes, lawin, flower andklitchen gsrdens, in alll8 acres. To be viewed by asppEcation to Thomas Heather, on the premises; at the Ship Inn Hallfoed: and particulhars obtained of D. Hughes, Esq., No.11, (uresham-strcet, Gulldhali; and at Mir. Peake's oftices, 44, Tooley-stre et, Socnthvarlr. On Guiy's Hospital Estate.-Improved Rents. 5 . BARNES (of Birchin-lane) will SELL by .J3L AUCTION{, at the Start, on Wednesday, APril 10, at 12, bY order of the afortesgee, withthe consent of the Mtortgager, in one lot, IMtPROVED (I;III5fYN and otherBRE:NTS. secu?red upon and arising from 12 brick-built houses and the spacious premises occupied by Slesrs3. Coleman, New Weston-street,cloae to the New Loather-market, Bermondscy; heldfrom the President and Governors ofGuy's Hospital for lOycars. The premises maY neviewed by permission of thetonante. Particulars obtained of Mlessrs. Sym es, Teesdalec, and Sandil ands. sohi- citors, 33, Penchurehl-street; at the Queen's Arms, near the estate; and of Mr. Barnes, 19, Birchi u-lane, Lombard-street. Valuable Preehold Estates and Ground Rents, Bermondsey and Croydon. tR. ]BARNES, of Birchin-lane, will SELL by VI A lUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, April 16, in six lots, by order of the Court of Chancery, the following capital FREEE}Ho PROPERTIES, chiefly heid at ground rents, viz. .-AFreehold Groand Rent of;£120 a year. secured upon and arisng from an extensive freehold estate, Great Russell-street, Bermondsey comr s ^g a large site of grorund, upon which are but upwards of 46 dw -5g-hous , stacks of wIarehousts, manufactories, and other business premises and yards, of the presumed value of £1.400 per annum; A Freehold Rental of £30 a year. from three houses, 47, 48, and 49, in Great Russell-street, and ground in the rear; A Freehold Residence, and extensive range of workshops, warehouses, and other business premises, Nos. 45 and 46, Great Russell-street, let to and occupied by Mr. Paxton, on lease, at the rentof£95 a year; a commodious Family Residence and Offices, with laTge garden, situate at North-end, Croydon, near thecralway staion, let to aAr. Dunkin - also the two adoining Houses and Premises, occupied by Mr. Doughsncy and fMrs. Penson. The whole freehold and capable of improvement. The premises maybeviewed by permissRion of the tenants. Printed particularsand conditions of sale may be obtained of Slessrs,A Symes, Tecadale, and Sa^ndulands, siolicitors, 33, Fenchurels-street; Mfessrs. Garrard and James, 33,Suffolk- treet, Pall-mall; at the Blue Anchor, Ru6ssl-street, BerrAondsey; Gramyherusn6dt,Ceroydon; and of MIr. Barnes, auctioneer, 19, Birchin-lane, Superior modern Houisehold. Furniture, 50w vols. of Books on General Literature, 260 oz. of Plate, Case of 18 silver-handled Dessert Knives and Forks, superior Sheffleld Plated Ware, Dresden and Wedgwood Vases and Ornaments, and Effects: removed from Richmond and Lower Grosvenor-street. R. E. THOMAS will SELL by AUCTION at M bis GaUery. 35, Licester-square, on Tuesday, April 15, at 1, the modern FhUNITURE and E1ECTS, removed from the above residecnes (su0pdied by a first-rate upholsterer and in fine condition); comprimng a wing room suite. of a very elegant and costly deseription, of urtains for four windows, walnut-tree chair, couches, and easy cbairs en suite, velvet-pile carpets, wiged cheffoniers, console tableg and glasses,12mahoganychairscoveted in morocco,patentdinimgtables. sideboards, bookcases, three gas chandeliers, tubec Slar araban and four-post edsteads, wool and hair mattresses, beds and bedAing marble-top double and single washstands, cheval and other glasses, wsinged and plain wardrobes, eiia6dinner, deert, tea. and coffee services, and kitben requisites. On view Monday and morning of sale, and cata- logues had at the rooma. 'Incient Furniture and Ob,ects of Art, including M3rqueterie and Oak Cabinet BufftE , Tables, Cnairs, ei extensive Service and Ornaments in i)rusden and Oriental Chinw -MR. PHILLIPS is instructed to SELL by AUC- TION. at his great Room. New Bond-stDeet on Tnesdav pril 1a, at 1 precieely, a CONSIGNISNT of valuable ANCIEN FRItRI T1JE. consisting or in-laid masquetesie and carved oak cabinets, ookcaEes, tables, ilt sofas and chaira covered vwitb damask, old b*le and yilt bracket and mantel lockp , inrandot. luJtres, an extensiv- dinner service of Fnstenbure china painted in landeGopes, Dresden and other groups, vases, cabaret and dessert Sets, antique bronzes and marbles, and numerous obiecta of taste, just receivedf'rom the conti. nent. Maybe vew;edThe dayprevious and morning of sale, and catalogues bhad at Nr. Bhillips's offices. Valuable niclianeous Property, including Jewrelery, Watches, aaue Clocks, Phate, and Plated WVare, fine Mlarble Groups and Figures, a PortfoUoof beautiful Drawings. Objects of Vertu, town-built CarrInage. sets of arness, and some items of Decoratve Funiture ]i H. PHILLIPS is instructed to SELL by AUJCix TON, at his greatRooms, New Bond-street onThusday, 17h instant, at 1 precisely, by order of the Propretor, an ASSEHBLAGE of valuabule JEWELLIEY and GOLD WATCES of superior make elegant mantel and table clockcs, plate and,plated waare, a portfolio of beautiful M ater-colour.drawingsby Front. Staufield, Wright, Muller, xc., and others by old Dutch and Italian masters, original groups in marble of Cupid Riding on a Lion, the Guaian Angel, Boy and Dog, a scultured chimney-piece, ancient bronzes, decorate funiture, a town-built carriage. several sets of capital harness, and miscelaneous objects. May be viewed the day previousto the salend catalogues then had. The important Collection of English Pictures formed by John iFuns, Esq., of Clapham-cosnmon. ?tjIR. PHILLIPS begs leave to announce that he 1 wvil SELL by AUCTIO. at his great Rooms, New Bond-streest, on Ttuesday and Wednesday. April 22 and 23, at 1 precisely each day, the extensive and highly important GALLETRY of MODERI PlIC TURES. by the most istinguished paiinters of the English school- in artcular maybe mentioned a capital workbyJ. SL . Turner, R.. besdes two other examples: the Puppy and Frog, by Sir EdwinLand. seer, .A aid other pictures; the Shrunpers, by W. ColUns, RA.- Eve-uing P'rayer, by T. Webster, P,.A.; three wrors by W. P. mtl, R.A. ; three by D. laclise, RA.; several by T. S. Cooper, A_R.A_; and equally capital works by the foUowing artists;- ,l. Anthony SirCL..Eastlake,R.A. F . Lee, R.A. R. AnsdeU WV. Etty, R.A. J. LinneU E. Baxter W. E. l,'rost, A-R.A. P. Nasmytlh G Bentley T. Gausborough H. N. O'xeit Sir A. Callcott, R.4A F. Goodall, A.R.A. P.P.Pickersg.ll A.R.4A T. Cresswick. R.A. W. Eilton, R.A. J. B. Pyne 3. Constable, R.A. J. A. Herbert, R.A. P. P. Pools, AJRA. G. Chambers J. F. Herring. Sen. R. Redgrave. RA. Old Crome J. P. YCnight, R.A, Sir J. Reynolds F. Danby, A.R.A. Sir T. Lawrence J. SLnt A. I Egg, A.R.A. G. Lance Sir D. Wilkie, R.A. May beviesved Saturday and Monday preceding the day of sale, and catalogues had six days previously at liar. Phillips's offices. An Importation of beautiful Works of Art and Decoration, oine Bronzes, inlaid Fnruiture, and elegant Miscellanies. R H. PHILLIPS is instructed to SELL by AUCM TION, at his great Rooms, New Bond-etreet, on Thursday, April 24, and following day, at 1 precisely. an assemblage of beautiful ORlfNAhIETAL FURNITURE. richlyinlaid in bubl and marqueterie work, comprising cosUy cabinets, bonheur dujour, commodes and tables mounted in the richest taste, numerous fine bronzes, Including originalworksbyelebrated artists, uites of clocks and candelabras highy chased and giltin or-moulu, vasesof Sevresandotherporcelaine, severa life-sire figures of Born workmansbi., including several fine works from the Pcaris Eshibition, a few rich Aubusson carpets and portihres, rally carved and gilt table of Italean workmanship, sculpture in marble, and other decorative objects. Mlay be viewved twvo days prenius to the sale, and catalognes then had. A Collar of e.xcellent Wines and French Brandy. R[P. PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his Sgreat Rooms, NewrBond-street, on Saturday, 2Cth inst., atl for 2 precisely.ta smal CELRof hoiceWINES,consisting or aboNt 00 doz. of old Fort, 3 yeraduvad nbtl;svr aveo ue vor pale, browLn and gold Sherries; 17 doz. of old Eabst India Madera 11 do. Ainontillado, Chateau Laftte, Haut Brion, Mussiac's line dry Champagne, Lebryma Christi. a few dog, of H;ock, &c. The v;nes are in cellars near Baker-street, from whence theyvwill be delivered, and may be viewed previously. Also, a small consigunment of liqueurs and French branldy in cases. Samples may be had at Mfr. Phillips's three days preceding, and also tasted aththe sale. The valuable Ancient Pictures, and the moder Dutch. Flemisb, and French Works collected by John Fairrie, Esq.. of ClaPham-commlon M R. PHILLIPS begs leave to announce that he will 1 SELL- by AUCTIG., at his Galleryv. New Bond-street, osu Tuesday, April ,9. at 1 precisely, the ANCIENT PORTION of The valuable GALLERY of PAINTINGS collected by JohnFeirrns, REsq.: it incudes the Virgin and Chid and St. John, be Francia; a similar subject, by 1 unillo the Caard-playerss by I. Teniers, from tbs Stows colection; the Natuiity and Descent from the Cross, by Platzer; two capital examples; end other clever productions from the pencils of the followig esteemed artists:- Berchem A. Vandervelde A. Cnyp Wovemans Mleris Netecher G. Dow Backhuysen Ostade Metro Do Hoogho Wattea,n SchalL-en Vanderheyden Demmer Panti, do. The colection of modern Dutch, Flemish, andurenshPieturesin. udes many apital w orks bY the following masters i - C. hileisonnier Koeckoek Do Wilds Van Eose Ary Sheffer Verbeckhoeven 3. L,eebrucher BafcoF Van Leys 0a Blanc Winmig Van am,&c, Charming modern French Pictures. 51,FH. PHlILLIPS begs to annouce that hre wsill E X XSELL by AUCTION, at his Gallery, New Bond-street. on Tuesday. May 6. at 1 precisely, a CABINET of SIXTY modern PICTURxES by distinguished painters of the French school, the property of a foreign noblemnan; inclding works by the follow;ing charming painters:- Chassevent GabC ~ Guilleiin Marohn Carolus Herieir MInntfa'et Johannot Fichel PS ems B. Mander P. Carnes Ch.gPort Salmon Fauvelet Mva enu Gu.l Brendel FCSval 1orsay, oa. cayr e viewed Saturday and n m onday preceding the sale at Mlr Philiips's rooms. Choice Dutch, Flemish, and Italian Pictures. MB,fH. PHILLIPS begs to announce thats es y in the v month of hlay, he wilil SELL by AUCTION, at hns Rooms, New Bond-street, a email but important CABINrET of PICTguRES, th property of a well-known connoisseur, including works by distinE uished artists of the Dntch, Flemish, and Iteian. schools, the details of thich wiU le given in future adverctisements.-Bond-strees, April 5. Speimen. h eaths and Greenhouse Plants. tUed. J. C. STEVE S is favored with instructions to i.de SELa. by AUeCTIONu at his Great Room, IS, ring-street, Coenat-garden, 'ISIS DAY. Aprl 11, at 1 precisely, the collection of specimen HEATBS and GREENOUrSE PlAETS. belonging to B. L, Betts, REq.. removedfrom Preston-hall, M.iVdstenel These plants have been most successfully exhibited at the Royal Botanic and other shows for the last two seasons, and are in excellent health Aiso, an imporationof Orchids from India, May be viewed on the morning of sale. and catalogues had of Mr. J. aC Stevens, 33, ing-street, Covent. garden. Shells, Cabhoets, Appamatns. and Miscellanies. . J. CSTEVEES will SELL by AUCTION, at lr t his great Room, 3i, Airas 5eet, Covento lrdn, on Tuesday, Apri the ExctoI reuy W Ofirt1Na of SIDNCS, contigiby sitatiny scarce and interesting specimensr, eith the vel-made cabinet of a2 drawers, smaUl cabinet of minerals and fossils, lathe and tools, photographic apparatus, microscope, and mliscellaneous articles. May be viewed on the day prior to ahe suale, and catalogues had, Insects. Eggs. Cabmiets, and Booacases. 1L/FH. J. C. STEVESNS wiill SELL by AUCTION, at inL his great RBom, 3S, King-street, Coventgarden. on Friday April 18, at I precisely, THREE CABINETS of BRITISH and EVROPEAN INSECTS (Coleoptera and W.epidoptera) of a weL -known collector, whose healthecompels him to relinquish the pursuit. The collection contains many rarities; also a cabinet of bir2s' eggs, large glared ease, painted booscase, &c. Iay be viewed on the nay before the sale, aend catalounes had Stamford-hilL-Leasehold Residence, with Coach-house. Sthble, and Garden, held for t113 years, free of ground rent. lIjrB. V. J. COLLIEB: will SELL by AUJCTION, at 17 the Mrart. on Friday, April o", at 1o, by orner of the Executors, a destrabl RESIDENCE, semi-detched, eligibly situate, in front of the high road, at the corer of Grove-road, on the best part of Stamfordhill; containing good entrance ball and staircase, dmnig and drawlagz rooms, six bed chambers, kitchen, scilery, and oftiices; fore-court and walled garden, at the extremity of Which is a coach-eouse and three stalfedostable withhrooms over,kand stableyard approached fromthe side road. In the occupation of Mr. Gorion, under an agreement which will exPire at Lady-day next, at a clear rent of £65 per annumi Particulars may be obtained of George Tamplin, REsq., solicitor, 159, Fenchrmch-street; attheart;Canduof lr. J.Collier,y, eoorgatestreet. city. _ Westbeurne-terrace, Hyde-Pcar-Two superior Family Residences, with Coach-houses and Stbtng, held direct from the Bishop of london for 81 years, at the original ground rents, and let on leasesat rentseamounting to £470 Per anumn. njrB. v. J. COLLIEBR will SELL by AtUCTIONf, Sta theg at, onPFriday, Aprils25. at12,intwoslots, byodirection of the Executorf TWO first-clas RESIDENCES, elgibly situate in the best part ofi estbomne-terrwe, being usoe 23 and 26. on the east sidekofrthis splenddthoroughfare, Therehousesvwere erected in the most substantial manner, and of the beat materials, by the deceased owner, andparenfinished i a superior syle. Each house occpies a site measuring 23flt. byl81 ft., including the cowah-houses and stabling in the rear, abuttigon Condmit-mews The property fs let on leases (granted abont four years since) toW f. G. Ward, Rsq., and J. H. W. Jabroder, witq., for temls of 21 years determinable by the lessees at the end ofth fstseven or years, at a clear annual rent of £213; each house for the first seven years, £240 for the second seven years, and £245 for the residue of the term. The houses are held under separate leases, for an umexpired term of ad sears from Mlidsummer next, at an annual ground rent of £201l5s. 3d. each house. The whole of the valuable fixtures aroscheduledto the subleases andwill be included in the purchase. This valuable property offers an unexceptionable investment to trastees and others seeking a first-rate securitY. An arrangement couldprobablybe made for obtaining early possesiuon of eo. 23, if desired, Particulars may be obtained of Messrs. Mborris, Stone Town2on, and lorris. solicitors, Moorgate-srreet-chna AP ers, at the mart; and of cnr. V.e . Collier, 3, hfoorgate-treet. Norfolk-street and N'orth-row, Park-lane, and Bury-street, St. James's, -The valuable Leasehold Property of the late Hugh Reilly, Esq. 1ItiR.bV. . COL:LIER has reeeived directions to 1 E, yAUCTION, at the Mfart, on Friday. April 23, at 12, in lots, pursuant toaIDecree of the High Court of Chancery, extensivo LEASEHROLD PROPERTY, coinp rising the Dwelling-house, lately occupied bY the deceased, situate 3, North-row, wvithin a few yards of Park-lane: held for 30 years, at an annual ground rent of £20. A Family Residenee,eligiblysituate, 0, Norfolk-street, Park-lane: heldifor 221 yearsat an annual groundrent of £20. Severalseis of Coach-houses, Stabling, rind PremIses, situate in Harrison's-yard, WVood's-mews, in the rear of Norfolk-street, held for 29 years at loo rents; the spacious Premises, distinguished as NTo. 18,North-row. (intherear ofthe Bricklayers' Arsns,Psrk-street,l comprisimz double coach-honse. harness room, a very superior six-stalled eablehafiloose box, withdwellingrooms and lofts over, yard and premises-in hand; also a capital fourstalled Stable, adjoining, connected to the livery yard of Mir. Sheward, in Green-street, to whom it is let unitil Midsummer, 1860, at the low anan.sl rent of £21-the whole held for 121 years at an annual ground rent of £20: and a roomy DweUing -honse, No. 401, Bury-street, S. James's, with three floors of vworkshops in the rear, having a beck entrance thereto, held for 16'- years at the low rent of £73 lOs. per annum. N'early the who~le of the above property has been untenanted for manv' years, and thereforo requires some outlay in repairs, but its eligible situation, and capabliltY of improvement, render it a pronmising investment, particularly as most of the premises are held under the Mfarquis of Westminster, who would doubiless grant an extension of the several leases on advantageous terms to irap roving tenants. Particulars may be obtained of le6ssrs Norris and Sons solictors, 2, Bodford-row; at the Mart; and of 3ir. V. 3. Collier, 3. Moorgate-street.* X Spital-square,-By Messrs.J.BAE}1 and SON[ in the Austion Room, 2, Spital-square, Bishopegate-street, on Tuesday, April 16, at 12, removed for convenience of sale. w,JOI)ERN2 Household Fu2rniture, coroprising a roe s o 6 f.i6 in pedestal sideboard, a japammed maple winged wardroe okhles, clean four-post and French bedsteads and furniture, feather beds and bedding, drawsers. carpets. sofa, 12 chairs, the fittingss of a dw elling-house, and effects. View on Mfonday; catalogues of the auctioneers, WVindmill-street, Finsbury-seuare. Kent.- reehold Hop Farms, in the parishes of Cape Tudly, and Pembury.-By MeVSrS. 1HAIRLTON. atthe RosetandCrown Hotel, Tunbridgo. on Tuesday, April 15, at 3 for 4 afternoon, in two lota, THOSE valuable productive Freehold FarEs, known aas Tanners and Cox-hi, comprising ffsa. Ir. 38p. of hghly productive land, 29 acres of which is suPeriorhopplantationtthe remainder arable, meaow, and wood land, with house, oast-house, stabling, yards, and lodges. The greaterportion of the land commands beautiful views over the adjoining country anda fn^ely timbered disetrict, and the propertyinabouttwomiles andahalf fromtho market town and railway station at Tubeidge. and wiithin a short distance of Tunbridgewells, Particulars and conditions of sale maybe had 14 days previously of J.0a. Stephens, }:sq., solicitor, aidtone -of MIessrs. Chart on, aue7tiontera, sudrVeyors, and estate arents, Thrids - orat the Auction The British Sperm Candle Compans Works, Faiield-road, Bo,. Middlesex. SSRS. ELLISand SON have beenfavoured with moistractions by the Directors of the British Sperm Candle Com. pany to SELL by AUCTION, in the month of May, in one lot, (mules3 an acceDtable offerbe previously made bypriVate contract,) the extensive and admirably adapted PREISES, the superzor and costlyr Pant and Utensils, (erected within the lsst three years at an expendituro of nearly£O90,000,J and the Goodwill of this important undertaking. It may be necessary in explanation to state that-The Companywas formed for the manufacture of stearic and composite candles that an article has been produced of unrivaled goals, and a valuable and extensive connexion formed throughout the Idngdom and the colonies, creating a demand that the Company were unable to meet from an inadequate capital, which alone has compelled its dissolution, and the neoesety for the present sale: thus offering to capitalists an opportumity of entering upon an established uderacing that mast Yield the most slbera Drofits. Thewhole of the plant and works are in complete workng condition: they have been constructed upon the most approved rincples, embodyig all modern seientific improvements. regated by a practical knowledge of the object in view, wh ch is evident in the masterly arrangement of the whole of the works. The heating prooesses throughout the manufacture, and the chief past of the mechanical operations, are performed by steam, The present plant is equal to the working of abont 60 tons of candles per we-ek ; hut the mremises wouldadmit of a considerable extension of the manufae- tureby a small addition to the plant, which 7riL doubtless be called far byvthoincreaseddemanud that will arise fromthe reduced price of tho raw material. The premfcs, which are writhin five minttee' walk of the Bow Station, and ocupy an area of upwards of four acrer, are held by lease tor aboutv S6yesrs, at a ground rentof£loperannum, withpower to redeem the sarme, making the property freehold, Further informaton and orders to. viev ma~y be obtained on applicaton to besre. Bills and 80n, auctneers eState eei-ts 16.b FeDbh.*ch.t Well-made modaro Furniture, usefu-Eay Gelding. Three §Ifining'Casts,' a Gh', Harness, Grocer's btoclcasdFttlng Stock of a. Ch) iist, co vStAing I Battles flru.s. &c.. a Patent Magle, powerlul Scerew Jeack, DezalBoards, sarci ohner EffeetL Mm ROBRT RED willSELL,on Monday, April fdrwRs,BERn Tad anID driagtals cvL, bnd tordeofthgases bed amer Ornitm hS9eena Geqisalts n onThere sdect . Aprbe 17. at 122 o'clock, a TLEASREOLD3 HOUSE, No. 13. Chapel-place. near Brompton-square, let at a rent of £19 l4s. per annum aud held for 61 years unexpired, at a groundrent ofz£5. May beviewed by permission of the ternmt. Plarticulars may be bad of Messrs Nichols and Clack, solicitors. 9. Cook's-court, LincolnWs-inn ; at Garraway's; and of Ir., Robert Reid. 48, Great Marlborough-street. ldomnington-road, Regent's.park.-Well secured Investments, let. sn leases, at rents amounting to £e155 per annum. R. RBERTREIID will SELL atGrrvsfs on W hrdyApril 17.at 12 for 1precisely.IKAEHHOLD TATE, comprising .two sueror residences. No3. 65 and 66, Mdorington-road, £75 eranum, nd N.CA which has a coach-house and stable, to W. Leonrd,Faqat 80 er nnum Each house is held for an sinespre tem of3 y ars,ataground rent of £10per annums. Thelhouses mayb viwedhypemislonof the tenants, Particul,-ws may beo had of WlterBarkr, Fq.,solicitor, 67, Great Portland-street, Oxford. stret f Msse, Hlin, Lt ts,and Young, 10. New-inn. Strand;- at Gairways ;andof M. IobeI Rid, 48, Great Marlborough-street,' nrognal Ha-pstead-A Faraily Rsdnewthgarden and stablUng, IR ROBERREDwl L, at Garraway's, on Tzhu-rsday. April 1 atl12 forcI preisly. COPYHOLD) and partl LEASHOS. ElAB,stUate at Frogniali, within two miinutese walk of Ham,~stead Cburch, and contiguous to Oak Bil-park, comprising a commodious family residence, stan:ding within a garden, conservatory, stabling, anid other ouit-buildings. The residence and a porton f te grde ar coehod o th Maor of Hatmpstead, subject toiamfineonrdeat oral'sienation,dand tHeu reainde iShp leish old,subecti anda ang poe round r ent of £12 per annumramedatpsessio scanre hd. BakrF oictr RO 7.R GREat wortandStEet; at Garraway's; n ,V.on Thursday, April17, at 12 for 1 precisely, a LEAEOA HOUSE, vith double shop situate No. 25, Sidmnouth-street, Gray's-innroad, held for an unexpired term of 45 ears at a ground rent of £916 eec annu, ad o whch mmeiat posesioncan be had; also an ho proedOoun Ret o £lperannm hld or16 years unexpired, and apysCurded-town.1 msaged belaghmontstreet, 16, and17.sHunt-sret solcVor.7 SyOBdERTo Chancery-laE; L at Garraway's; n o r (ursuant to an order of the High Court of Chancery.) on Thursday Aril 17, at12 for 1precisely, intwo lots, a LEASEHOLD PRO. PERTY comprising aprivate residence.,No. 10, High-street, Camden. town, let on lease toMr. Bennett until Christmasday, 1865, at thievery mnodes-te yearly rent of £45, and held for an unexpired term of 38 yeas a agoun ret o £5Se.perannm;and a House. with shop, beigRo 27 7drcmoo-steet Brto-crscet,let to Mlr. Deaman at £0 pr anum an hed fr a unxpied ermof 414 years at a groud rnt o £1 13s pe annm. henosesmaybe viewed by permisson f te rspecivetennts Paricuarsmaybe had of Walt-er Clarence-gardens, Regent's-park,- A Leasehold Investment, producing £10o per annum. MIR. ROBERT REID will SELL, at Garraway's, on Thursday, May 15. at 12, a HOUSE andl SHOP. origitaaly built for a6 balker let to an old and respectable tenant, at a rent of £10 r anum, and Usld for 66 years unexpired, at a ground rent of £5 6s. house may ho viewved by permission of the tenant. Partinulars may be had of B. B. Quick, Req., 27, Ely-place, Holborn; at Garraway's; and of Mr.Ro,bert Reid.4, Greatblarlborough-street, 3Brormpteo.-A Leasehold Residence, in Hereford-square, and Stabling, in Alfred-mews, Thurlee-sqiuare. byROBERT REID will SELL, at Garraway's, Aft.. order of the Mlortgagee, on Thursday, Mtay 15. at 12. in three lots, the RESIDENCE, No. 30, Hereford-square. Brompton, let to John Law, Esq., at a rent of £55 per annum, and held for 87 years unexpired, at a ground rent of £20 per annum - a three-stall Stable ad Cochhus,wihrooms over, being No0. 1U, Alfred-mews, Thurloesqure,reay or ccuatin,and of the annual value of £25 ; a twostal Sabl ad Cachhoue,withx rooms over, being No. 13, Alfredmews, letto G Rogers,Resq., at £17 10s. per ainnum.- Each stable is held for 72 years unexpired, at a ground rent of £S5 per annum. The Proerty may be viewed by permisson of the teniants. Particulars may behad of H. 31. Quick, Req., 27, Ely-place, Holborn; at Garraway's andof Mr. Robert Reid, 48, Grea-, Marlborough-street. Hotsehold Effects in good condition. nearly new, Carpets, briliant P'late Glasses and Girandoles a five-light Cut-glass Gas Chaindelier, a Plair of S and 12 Idghts for wax, large Model of a Yacht, Ciottage and Grand Pianos, Plictures Clocks, Stained Glass, Ornamental Items, a Pair of 18-in. Globes on high stands, and 40 Squares of Plate Glass. 1IESSRS. BULLOCK will SELL, at their great MY Room. 211. High Holbom, To-morrow, at 11 o'clock, capital HO'USEHOLD FUR1ITURE, including winged wardrobes, cheval and toilet glasses, dr-awers, marble wasbstands, bedsteads and bedding, elegantdxawing room suites in walnut and rose woods, silk and damask curtains and cornices, marble-top commodes, bookcases, dining tables and chairs, cheffoniers, plated table articles, scagliola, columans, and a variety of other furnishing requisites. May be viewed, and catalogues bad. Capital Wme, from a gentleman's; celar. 1IrSSRS. BULLOCK will SELL, at their great Ut Roomst, 211, Hich Holbomn, To-maorrow, at half-past 3, a small hut select CELLAR of WIRE, about 70 dozen, Ports and Sherries. May be tasted at the time of sale. Samiples prior on pasmet, To Coachasmiths, Builders' Smithsi, Irounmongers, and others. M ESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY are instructedl to SELL by AUCTIONR, oni the Premises, George-street, Oxford. street, Tuesday. April 15 and following dyat 11, in Iots, without roserve, 100 tons IRON and STEEL and IROThONGERY, including 50 tons 0 bars, 20 tons Staffords'hire bars, 10 tons Turton's spring steel, 5 tons cast and shear steel, 2 tons belts andl nuts, 100 gross coach boilts assrte, tes ~lr 10 dzendie, 00 agwroughtand cutrnails. monery;powrfnlrauhthrse,haieanharness. Tbeviewed on Mnda prviou tothesale whn ctalouesmaybehad on the premses;and f Mesrs Fuler ad Hosey Ililite-stret,city. To Millers.-St, Thomas' Mills Stratford, EaseL-By MESRSS. FULLER siadHORSEY, at the Mart, Bartholemew-lane,on Wednesday. May 7, at 12 O'clock, ~HE Lease and Goodwill- of a Steam Corn WE%] TLsituateoin Mfarsh Gate-lane, Stratford, on the river Lea, about fourmiles from Mark-laneobyroad and witbin a rLuarter of ans hour by rail, capable of giding 800 sacls per week, and in a locality well know to rma.daextenssa-e offal trade, also an easy delivery for country wheat. The.mill comprises a store room in roof, wit-h loading apparatus from the river machine floor, recently fitted with two silk rsahns, mutingandbolingmacine, sonefloor, with tenpair of Frenh sone, eevaors,andlumers Grundfloor, containing all narient connshon, sithbi frkaeigh horses chieannvnhoss drying kln, forman's delling ouse, pincia'ail yrsdne Themil hs ben nativ wrk or or thn af an cxentury and fromitssitutio comand enxtesivetra e, hih Paricuar conve nintconeimnithMVarkluanle, landr and water carrigg cnh fiedmahiey o e nluedinteurhae wHichE hasree iso. provttedean CmodernisodnbyIthepresente trenant3 aet ban 0 ex enetof Apvralth~ousandp atea y, oovee tillrte sale. PartiWorlahod onthdejpreises athte Cielo,astleh Taveer,ofark-ae;at thlegauctio and ofumbesrs. Fule and 34 o ratseyt3 OIrreet, abotdsncity. te ana sttona arnaden-town abof Rhivhpoerand Canale Barges, ten MettMr ae,welrgt SSa.E ER F aL anedyrn HdoRNEt rein - oX ~ Ways a85.m henrsde fouthwye sukbojTesday aprme5,nt of3s for LDTEd varablen OPEN BearEsatfrbom 4-oou63 tOn"s,tineood;cndition,Aseve raliciofrhe havin-ngderEndulg ihie h a.iv er,aloadce coastingese Sofp80etens, and othier raTh Sutablefo ruiveror canal May7bENvewdTwdOM ~ rvoa and cataloguesEhad on the premises, an Nof.the auctioners-oa, PAcrelament-sreeto, or CoalrExcange.il17 Prat-stret, amde-tow.-mrovalotPemss1 froet by 180t feet, froofro ren.-B Mr.IOAiON,at he artdo le ednerbgsday, Hyd-hal arm ner he lafrd,Esex-ad itand WOrlkshoEl and umbre 3 ad 34 PrTt-steetr.hr dsac rm h ala TOl Fancyshopeet.Spersoandodth FurniturStock, Furniture, and ~TENTOM andfSom will SanELL,onthic-eiss Bono-tre. Bnedford-rad, Acre-lane. Bratnd foownThurday,a 1 April1, atn1 (nasmless an aceptmableufaertismde fordtem whoeyriat contract), mahogaEny forps%Araian,ibotte, carpe on ether bdtags, saptatoney purses,y drweritin casbes,dss work ma boxes, wa tands, dressing ease,Gemnlues, s,he clocks, t hine onamsnts, Bhwran terli patters, woolsf vewtendithe dayin prbeein thenale,6 calogues ha ntepem ises,df bandsofvthedaucioneers,c7, langel-ort, ThroGmorton-stereet.s,fi= ayde-hall Farmet, neare ch-fehanfod,pe hiss rosexC d,tal Oa an rd.El 'VIE SSRS.DICKSON and baroeteOrT by llod SELL y AUTION at te Lin anLamkithnn rhequisiefourdo SIXl~-tX apial AK nd OURin EL TREa stanings and GreatBaddw, Wtham Brorafild, mat nd Lt tle Waltham; ath placo f sal: andof Mesn. Dikson nd Daenot,ladcutan Second Portion.-To Retail Timber Mferchants Contractors, Buiflders, Saw M%ill Proprietlo ad ot)sers, M~9ESSRS. DAVIS and VI ERS are instructed b-v Mr. Samuel Grirsdell on his retiring from business) to SEML) lbyAUC?TION, on the Premises Bell-lane, Spitaldields. on Mondy April 14. andfoliowingdays, at 12 for Li. ithout reserve, the SECOdND' PORTION of his wel-seasoned and valuable STOCK and PLARNT as a bulIder and contractor, comprising 20,000 feet of Spanish and Hondura mabogany, cut from two to five years, some of great width and length, suitable f or counter tops; lona Dutch crown Rigs timber, thoroughly seasoned, first quality. (pickedt); Wyburg pe pared floor battens, and a large and useful assortment of dry cut stuff; stock of ironuiongery, wrought-iron box girders and castiron columns; plate, crown, and other glass, sheet and pipo lea, clous, il,tura, ans imlemntsand fittings of plnumber',pantrs' gacer', ndplstrer' hos:50 Carpnters' benches, Iron cramps, sogether with numerous items of ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~usble and use-~~~~~~~~~o be u fulproert, frcaig he toc an fitigs of a large and well regeatedulldr'sestalishent,Tobviewdtwoaysbefore sagc morin ofsae. atlogestobe adon hepreiss;of Messr. Maube In,Be~ c,ajoining the York Railwasy Station.-By esr.A N and SN. atIles. hcawins Railway Hotel, in York, on Friday, May 9, at 2in the afiemnoon, HEfloing very valuable Freehold Pronerty: Tcompriaing fi tatlrst-class hotel, well known as Scawiins Rail.w~ay Hotel, containiglarge coffee room, Private coffee room for ladies sine private sitting rooms, conimercial rooma, 47 belt rooms, and six bed rooms for servants, with bar and bar parlour, smnoke roomn, large and convenient kitchens,wash-house and laundry, stables, coach-houses, loose boxes tap) room, cellars, and all other requisite out-olffices and conveniences; situate in the city of York, and adjoiniing upon the railwayl station, now and for many yreany pasqtjn the occupation of Mrs. .Saawin. This betel Is wrell known as one of the very best in the north of England, has avTer extensive and lucrative business, is in the hands of a highly respectable tenant, and offers an investmeat for the capitalist rarely tobernet with. Also allthat excellent brewery, with large maltkilins, storehouses, and all other requisite and convenient buildings for cayig on an extensive business These prmaises adjoin, the hotel, where the tradle of a maltster and brewer has been earned on for man yer,ad Is cpble of very considerable ext-endion. Als. all tht dwelling-h'o%usetand convenient out-bnuidings adjoinin the hotel, and frontinc to Tanner-row, In the occupation of Mr. Creage. The whole of the propet wiilbe first offered in one lot, and if not soldwillthen be offered insuach eparat-elots.as shube determined at the. time of sale. Plans of the Property may be ohtained on a-nd after the I2th of April and further partlculals known on3 aplittio toMesrs J. B. and W. Atkinson, architects, York; or 4 esss Leeman antI Clark, solicitors York. ~.WzndswortbLi-To Corncbandlers andI otbem-L:easeanGowil , .order of the Trustees. 1U 1 URRELL Will SELL by AUCTION, on dAth5E PIemO!ses, To-murDou. April12, at 11 for 19, by order of the Trusteeg of Messrs. Gf-tt aud Son. the valuable LE-ASE sand GOODWILL of an old-established CORINCHANDLEJI's, doing a lare tcwde. The premises oDmpriro a. shop, private dwelling, grausrieg, bout, stabling ad yad In thle rear situate in the besn part ot the Hlgh-sftreet,Wandsw-ortb; held upon lease for an unex ired term -if eight years at. tho nominal rent of X32 per num. e preeusim. may be viewed on application, and particulars had oftMeasers Lofty, Petter, and Son, solicitors, 36, King-st-reet, Cheapside. on the premises: and of Mr. MurrelL. anctioneer, ke., 1, Walbeook., city. Stock- and Utensils in Trade, Householdi Furniture, and Effects, at Wandsworth ; by order of the Trustees. 1}R. AMURRE LL will SELL by AUCTION, onL A~llthePremnAses, Hi.-h-street, Wandsworth, To-morrow. April 12, at 11 for 12, by order of the Trustees of Mt ssrs. Ginat and Son, thea HOUSEHOLD FUMINITURE: comprising four-post and oilier bedsiteads and bedding, wash-stands, chiests of drawers end the usual cliamber alpendages ; IfruLssels carpets, dining aod other tables, sofas., chairs, bookcases, prints, linen, books, office furniture, kitchenx requisites, and brewing utensil; also the stock and utensils in trade of a cornchandler. incluiding three capital narrow-wheel. carts, light spring cart. good waggoin, four useful horses and cob, nearly new harnes, waggon cloths and tarpawlings, 100 quarter of corn, bran and other sEeks weighingimachines, measures, mil,and various effects. Mfay be stewed the day prior and morning of sale. Catalogues had of Messrs Lofty Potter and Sor, 36. King-street, Cheapside ; on the premises; and of Mr. Murrell, auctioneer, &c~. Wr-brook, city. Ca%IMberweIL-Con.fortsble Dweliiug-lsouse- insaleading tho-roughfare. 1,R. AMURRELL wvill SELL by AUCTION, iAlat Gareawvay's, onDieslay, April29, atfl.- a convenientRIESIDENCEM, containing comfortable aeccorurodation, vith garden 157 fee log, leaenty ad cnveienly itutein a lending thoroughfare beng o. 0. hurh-steet Casbewel-gren.Possession will ecbeaivn and Sthepdwellingwil efound adiabyadpedfroi PMe Gansand Stepri uey-esedoyd Aprilpr ty3.,-by order of the Executo.rSof the late Mlr. James lightup, a LE-ASEHOLD PJIOPERTZ comrisnga sx-oomd hus, stute o., Ofor-sree, toAcy whic poessi wL bEphrime.-Theytarhedbottageld onloG lases, at ~MUR~ELL will SELL by AUCTION eaRly my byorderof theDfevizees inMTrst, a FREEER1ILDdetachd lEsI)IICE.known as Rock Cottage, situate on Mount Eprn,Tunbridge-well, one of the fir-st and most favourite resorts ofthlay. The cottage is comfortably fitted up, and hassa good gardea inthe rear. ThepurehaserrwiAhaveThe option oftaling the furniture3 ata valuation, Detailed particulars will shortly appear and in the mecantime may be had of Mr. Murreli. nuctioneer, 1, Wsalbrook This Day.-No. 10, Cleveland-row, St. JTames's. F.-. DEBENHAM willf SELL by AUC- AP . IONo h rmss saoEM HS DAY, April U.th, at cMpRisn French,hal-tester,oan othe bdtheas andtgbedig whtaedadrt,sing tablesand gMays2, at2 nd the uosua bed chamberap-y pendages,e cairs col-uche- chimntey-glssWES, maosan sideoar, 131~anfo paitins,dms ando-ercBokie-rcurtains, conie, stainr-terarpti cuowlnar utensls, ad misellaeonus fecs Catahloguesonle the porl ermises and at' Mr. Debenham's offices, SO, Cheapside. Danletra-Frperouemptor Saerht, by piordertof the orthaee.it FF.F*G. DEBENHA willsEL bye avuCTIO,% iusatlMrutions Friday, May 2,AUt12. in two lets, S on unusaly 19, Shnnon-trrace,Beoke-o.d; ad dILondon--trac,briwge,w-tt read nea th brige,Quee's-oad,D ton poettion goof thepenants.a rnsaountiedgyto Oer Bannum;sesinwMb gnievupnb;teareforingderms, aet m lderategondarnts. adthe nhoe igh cnrpadbleof knowucng as ta mosthesthyaroidLoedn, onll minTeshwl from, eshorediheli Churc, anda d.ride y omnbus fom th ciy.earticuars nonthex Ii rmise atthe art of r. Hrris!, iewrnpaed, anVprictra-md whowil shw te popety) of11.Huges,esssq. 3 Gvreshon-strevet and a Mr. ebenhm'soiices SO, heapides,S,.cpi. KingWillamStrreey, fiv mndutbies?wl- fomakn and StstionceCo ma. panies,WarThadems.merchants aiait,ad others. ][R. F. G-. DEBENHAIME has beenie inatouredtith AI insructieownerhstoSL byin AUCTIoad, ato thEL Mart onUFrIday MtteAat nMa,'ay 2, at 12 toaainLES ofnte lot,Ty imoranital extnive, andoommandingES PREhISEos3, Karinglr william-tred pleately occu-t peied by theFoxdo and Eaunstr pbankithoe, busnines ofthic hasn beets. rmoved toA 2a, Caritnn igto-sret omrsng onmes ofnte inest cte in thad tentancek ind Miles-inns incuthed rer.O the proreortio of thgie premse byteBn osession. Thebegten; th remdi rdc etlo eOprainder i Heddiet rmthenants, ade the whole is c eapabl ofeproducn, atea mroudrerateo enatec hue. arnao 90pertiuannum. the premises; are the upon; lasefo at term, Deefa whfichepwrd of, 17e ydear renwnx pie,at th rental of F0pridannum May beatI vinhewedlt, anHpRticsuba obtatined olt ndth premstes;llat thedMarivt;oMesss OSiverso, daie,i anshd PacNos.y,6,solicitr, Fredercn'-plrace, ound Jery-roand at. Mr.s Kigsond, pesurrey, sivuae,wtiafe minutes'wl rmte wtalkofon,Tbu amad Goswll-sree 33Tradesmen and otheutrs.telt MR.F.G. DEBENHAM1 wais reevdiarcin at theMat on Friday,May 2 at 12,ionlt,TOcpalegt roo-bdH1tYSF,wth SHOpSE, patinlrywlladlShl iut monl-throad, aet Subton KigtnonTae:onrslt oaga tenant. ando theathr ccupied y 5h9prpreaor,sh ilieps sesson,Thetwowil redil prduc a hena of£0per anm Mart andSt r. Dbenart; offices,sr,Chs pld. St. Jou's-w eatFo AbolueSl,brre fthernortaoops ]HITTENHAil SELL SEL AbATIOTIon th AB -Mise on Frinday, MAyr21, atl2 1.theLEASEot f THtheEub-v conantieny-ut an stuastefUlly-finihe prvthe FuntreitiEnCEs, distinouished atcos.1t,aisdevery mont-enencef ouandary-ieroad, stjohn's raolwayomnureitthortouthfaes ciety.sthe prhe Sratyi antdoChspetabla teantsne atinadae Ioso oret als aountings toe£1e7 pher annmpl, andwis paerldunds ad ter seaaeleasgeesfrtersmsears. unexpifred at moodtermate agrouderterents,Pseso of Noe 1iwd canbehd partih Midsummter givin binery, Percyl-street.Tttna-orrodatteMt;ndtM. MR.W.GR. DFORDA wi ll SELLLbyyAUCTON tIO Mt2 eiear onde Fridtay May 2,eat1, the geuistnetIIalSyEHOcte brXick-uil nd LtIG EO1TSEwihSp, comprising No.-os and Gteredwelstredeat;e letdto matr.sray, botherarsetable desntandm resposbl ateant (who has occpen o the lre astndyas at the aclow enta offcs £99 Tatal Caialgoud ets-Fr£12 ld Prpertannum.arthe premrises haveust unegoea. thorougho susatle ande uornamtenltal rwepar.Patclr onthpRemises; atnth Mart ofreissrs.Watersad Son soliExcitors Oak Bark, on the Grtea Onor thenLeo Lineb ofCTIsilw.atB Mr.Auo MHITE,at h ade tto, on Thusayehesdayri,at1 ,Aprn I 5 aots rOi ~Cosidra1eqanttvfOacEak.eanin ej eed Ng wellharvstedand arefby pt toeth r i ue,o18tr5e, an odno staningwitin fe yars o th abve tato,anys futher inleformationrequred,appl to r. TomasGreeha. StheTinfiety Batthe Station, near Lincoln. Paticlar UnrtL-y eserved SAleG-MilonVils Wednro-ra,rxtn 1UTR.ROBERTKENYfollwingdas,LbACIN ELYL vatlteuart, ond Fida,nter ApringEl,at1prcsey of r Vhoms anT tbe sitaterd as Gaboe Thore-stvllret newly erected ndhv gardes in he frtandrear eFr pf artclaren- odtin fsl apply sdatyth MAprt; 16-TMessrs.ePteron and Arougmr, solicitors,68 Oald Broadstre Rdoyalcen stcainged onto Mr. RoberutiKesyn. a Ttiunersda, Coptha1-chamb urs,Cithull-ccrt.d near GatheBnkuyhar Fareed Publiahouse and c civuls-himey SuarLaf,& . Bl-ad le cusei,onMonay April 14,Th Fdno vatl.athe LEd are Bofheabov convenient well 19iTutHOS,wtthe Fuiti n rniture, ittbings, and wine Moneday, Albcntin everyia consveniencea forga exe,nsiveo trade, is oe to hoe grleatil thoougfaes Feeh-street. ath Strand,e and Chanceollan e, ner, thewInfCut,lwofcs the theatres,ecdin the saeyctemlo-e, onews, ahchmoeate rent May, brie Is.ewed, andappliarticulaesrshadrofuth ant Claner, 4,Odstreet, rso. Lee,Kent neHousaeholdh F aurnitue aond Efets. nvstie_t recR.red FnmtOR]) will SEL byUCIO aUtIONlar, aTHI DAY,Aprosl, unde dtistress for mlmrent teoeusyinpoedioUSEHOiLDt steads), fetathebeds,LL mtrse,MaN=gawythe dres-hosigthe, wtash.ug stnds carpets, glares, cina,t soas,dbeighingLeachines Le, mearogBnchet of drawemrabooks, pcue,and ohe r artle s. oaontMay b jielwed,oand cantalTogueshirds on the puremises,oendmaty reaucionee offiorcaes,18 Ac. byorer f he xeutes f te and"te o ewner. mt BRO~IIE and SON are instrStedions o the Exorth tos f thelate wner,to SEL by aliticifar, awithe Autondi Mart.on Tursdy. te 17 Apil, t 12 in sixrlots, nEss. an ToRint,eloks Ne,spaprIroducingo arentalif19 proersannum.- particular t Sb adalte pftheo sale;otio of Huhes Arusyin FondrMate. a valabE at andeetn K EffEctso -pritr!ae. To I i tioeeraandvalurs, illS_ELL by _A_UCT1VN,o_ tobei'Pi'Imises, 120, Aldersgate-street, without reserve, on Tuesday and WedI ce ayApil5 andL 16, at 11 by order of the Executors of,Msr.S IadTShrood, the FIRST~ PORTIO'Nof their extensive STOCK of FI PINTIN'G MALATERIAIS; consistingz of several tons of now typo by Npie an Dr~den seen ron reses,sixcopper-pinto ditto. 4ii. inc ran hdralic tw fl prsse, ion ndstne imposing surfaces, frams, acks Ac, ad evry rtile rquiitefor a puinting establishimen. Ctaogus, it prnte seciensofthetyp, ay ehad on In Bankruptcy.-The First Plortion of the Valuable Stock of Jewellery, Watches Ac,, of Messrs. Cohen and Lubliner, ofM3, Hation-garden, ~OPLIS1 SON, and HARDING will SELL by TA'UOTI N. at their Rtooms, 16, St. Paul's churchyard, on Tuesay April 15, and fellowing~ day, at I pnctuall1y each day byv ordero theAs-teas, theFIRST PORTION of the valuable0601OC of modern JEWVELLERY, of the best manufacture, in every variety of fashion, consisting of bracelets, brooches, and finger rings, sot with stones, lockets and padlocks, albert and guard chains, keys, seals, charms, studs,gold and silver pencil- cases, silver card-cases, snuff and scent boxes, 11 gold and silver watches carriage and mantel dlocks, Ac, Maybe viewed the dayvprecedin-and mornings of sale,and cata- logesmand ofrrH.-H o CanaaweFaq, Dfiste Malssi erse, 18. ! Adr anbdy staree ilxtEedlat,Bdodrwof ess. Hod3esoe nllen , m sonirlicitbors,ir m Rgam.o .0 Roland, eweler SELLttoy-ArdenTIof Mr. theso ewelle. iydearPoereof Brmighm;an o the ELR auct13Ioneers. 16, SI, tg atRichmond, ande-T Brewes Dhistlers,d Martets, Cot itagest andSop S othr.full prtichmasond Brewery, ewstablihed forb upwrd Ti 20 years, with cnitios Fixed arepepxn. and 13ecelnt yn and obaliconseda the Auction Mart. Lodon Teday Meayr. RcaLTd12 byd Sorde sofcthMor weencur.l radsre of ae h RWERY and 13ybe INS, soiintone lot SeGrae-tret Lnc otl,sin t RofMebuck Hoe,Dwlig-os andOAensocio Cotb -tarest, at ohmond, and thesss Chaise. Handlowes, CotaesoandcShors,39 at Slpblberoy-green,awdllfbersoldgintseparateolots. one. n te stamedy gent.Ge rgstreicuhasond th reDiy. News,Thel18tshoTho tiels, m icne housty mChronice 2adbythe ofuMrch,aDesripftihe brewertybTarsuando ,condigtiosofasaleseme prepring,erand may be itained ate ather Aution MatW odneo.ess ira n on oiIo Order ot S9c-Hsicord Rouse-, Old Drompton.-Tbe Lease af-th aManion and itarTaluable Contents, (HININOCK and GA-LSWORTHY beg- to aunouince. that the ORDER of SALE of Ibisaluable PR-E'RTY will be.- as~ follows, comnieicn gs.tIpselWya%chday:- stl8Opeganum ;tobe followed withMae of the furnitureof the upper bed bers,the d--r4 5011,and lit as .incud-ga zpendidoLrred buffet, nuimerous oil paindtin and Orramoeuts old chita, 110 i-ols. c books, services of china anidglaaa, Idce tnm nmru garcisi statues va5es,andornamenal seating. TAW, April I5.-The well maasufo.cturel COntents of the principaL Bed Rooims. including an elegant wbite enamel bedstead, nuimeroug paintingr of the French decorative school. cabinetworks ot great merit. ornamental china; the furnitura of the ourridor aind hitL, includinga. me beautiful Oak cavns 'ctures of tbe library. iiclloling works deservinig of notice among w0c eaxe asplendia Po)rtait Of Anne of Ausra yVandylke a arosEnowPieceandCttele,byVouivermaw; an tesby PIcart StreaLter Vanni Colamnbel Van B3loesnun Desaate numeroius garden utensils, Inelnk frames. rOllers. expensive plaLnts, kc Wednesday, April 16.-Arn elegant 8ervice Of Plato for the tea anuf dinner table about S0W ounces, a large plated salver, six dozen Sesreg pamnted plaLtes, and the elegant effecta of the drawing rooms, including wkell-mianufacturedforoiture, large glasses. 14 panels representing the arts andswienoes from Carlton Palace, by Cipriani, a Tvaluable et%t dayquarterclozk] withleverand jewelea ewcapement, ~-agndcabret pianoforte ins2, handsomne rosewoDd Case, walnut-tree bookcase, cellar of choice mniscellameous wines, incdudiug some oldPrort inj pints, Fast India MJadeira, Burg-undy. brown and pale Sherries. &-c - aL circular. fronted double-seated brougham, a baxouch. a Powesfiul broughau homse, harness &-c. Oxisvew. CataoioTes(6d.each) tobe obtained on the premIs-es; and of the auctioneers, 's. Regent-street, Waterlo-plaee. 2.OteO dozen of splendid becswing rort. guaranteed all of one quality. Sandeman's branid and shiipping, vintage 1540, bottled inl1fi5.6, thg orperty of a pri.vate gentleman for absolute Sale. (HINNOOK and GALSWORTHY are favoureil wi Nth instrucetions from the Plroprietor to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Mondaty, May 5, at 1 precisely, the above extensiv.e and im priue t CE LTLAR, o f P1ORT WIJN F n ow lyin g w rheret i t w-a s b ot tlIedL inar-sult, iniTweezersalley.in ?.lllord-lane,Strand,where itmay be inspeoted and samnpled, and from whence it will be delivered. This wine was purchased by the present owner during the p;usio of 1S45, wag immnediatelybottled. andhaassinceebeenlbing undisturbed in the vault where it weas laid down, the owner having resided for manyyears of thel peried abroad. Thewineis of the finest quality, and in splendid condi. tion, goed colour, superior fdavour dry, and fiul of beeswing. It win be sold from one sample, aadthe bunlk ganteed by the auctioneers of equal character to that tasted, and will be totted to suit both the, trade and private gentlemen. Messrs. Chinnock and Galsworthy beg particularly to direct the attention o-f the public to this extraordinaa- and ;enuine sale at a time when wino of such a chiaracter is only to be obtained in small quantities at fabulous prices, Hotel proprietors, club-houses, and the tradt generally wil find this sae particularly deserving of their especi al otice Sample bottles will be s nt toan part of the counitry upon prope application to Meanrs. Chinnock and Glalsworthy. the auctioneers, 25. Regent-street. &n.fIumense assemablage of capital Second-hand Friue necl celeelt condfition, Pianofortes by eminent mak-ers, a Double-acetion Harp by Erard, Ornamental Itemes, and niumerous usefulmiscel. 1%JFESSRS. OXEN,,HAM, andl SO'NS will SELL by' ,2LA'UCTION at their Rooms. 35,3, Oxford-street, near the Pantheon, THaS DAlI, at 11or.1 imuntually, an immtense asssemnblae of capital second-band FRIUE comprieing dearvingroom. dining room, and librAry chairs, sofas, couches, and easy chairs, oP, walut~ree roewod, nd ahoany to, crd,oDccasional, and seta. talsW A,CTOrn aeta ithem,cina andms gla, tho omsi rqisto sale,-Byand ca talge tha4S.rf-Eeata w,mn ctndHue SodFmall e i geseold F-estae,rEat-stee, Mnldiganchster-s auare. e Gi ses AUCTON,et pi heir rooms, Ch3 , O Gfrdstre, andfearthe PAn tho.on Tusdy, Apdri 215,atri forgepntually ait smal EffcsE.f HOLE) SAE ossigo aial ul residence, remve foEast.stad Qtree-t,reanchesoer-suare,rheld forannounexpredt) ctyrn ofT as,po duringL a nt rea,taof£8s.prnumhe houseofthmaypeobe viewed, c by pemagissioent oflnth sutenant,re Sundsayxeted. Parteciculaseado soesglsses,Fe handse cartwedl so blcor, Carnchamblers pi egrent-stan andgaat comesr.oxd hmsfies, 353clwt ,pae ls Oanod-ret 3n ear thes Paa fity-e crees edersofth Shronf~f-ElegntandsomelSpanuaisreh 3ogae held urnomiture.y,ainlgodpreservation,includingluangstlyewalnut-tre DrawisongesRoom eSuite with Cnommods, Tablese in corresopondinig orde, fshioablSpaus.hahognyDning wosLibrarys, andRstel Room tequcite, Si cosly wlnutand alsowsxed g Pianofols portion by order ~~~~~~of the Seif oehrwt h fet aof M R. LEWIS besstioannouncehi lathe Ilasrcived inst--;U!rurtoostlyandbryAinttnCTIN e at tte areriaoforts, No , Qelegn-tet antwol doorsd from ie w2Canut-ttiret. cas'fte wiy, thS Ae.! Aelsprl1 .Flamfed, atu12athewoneao the supeiorF ouITU dB coamprieng amagifcnt walnut, suite, o covrtainsa ott argepiLo chimndeyir panedo elgaDslnt n,co himnde,ftedwhpao glass ndfet,o an marblaed topsuano Prsan theo ems brnas, boveTandS DtherAprints1, pated.2 atices peoio din TS atpiing romirr,an bendsrome dreauisies incldon sievea eoeds of chairs., lotange ciaovuere owindmorocur.tableset ofntelescp a dcimning tasomave aksdeor,lre Brussels; n te carpetean rugs, huskir-ros 1 inn case libary able nobe for-pet an Arabian beasteads n dms hangngs,toilt an wined wrdroes,fraw rs,wasaens, wabEdtaep- ha; jpan frnitue, an a w outdoor tems;also sixqcostlyi; pano- fo artes,sols, Salte.-Vauriabl.Mae vietins wed r bns.mornin ofsle, JIewrSSfheSheif' DEB lEN,A2, GreTOBllaley and SOf thean Sioneer,T, Coean-thereet,ms city. re,ODetgrem ISD CFitdy-Ude a n 1 h SEEeCuTION-of ShIpperGS, Pivae amlixigsemesan, eLegnann richly carved chcwanut-t:rmfeese,ftedwh - prtarllc alaes tpiandofttom toaress arnysclPimate. s ooo n 1AfESR.LWS. wl SEELLA by STCTION thel arbove, to anngofusae, from t util QU,AndcTaRLoge hAd of theofficrMr AhRpT, mrestiBellaey and ofhmaia inthuenautioee, 2Niso. 4, Din% Lhewis-plae.t i viewbfed,Fla,na the da ro~ig-rayth oved te-gardens pi -S 5 upserior m rern-ouehllmde Fumiture,Tw inluiangcadraw,Idneroo goos,linn,chia,glas,andEffects,o 0romdhue APdRGE. enee)w LLEWIS AUl SELL0N,o byeP s yUTO, Api Pr,a ,teemxsells bOent HURNDA1 coprih a gI tahegeany EfFECtS;n comrisngh aedhands,omse dedwi androom usuite cvmeredi velet cotae pan, sits o wndo crtins caonsolesand chimeyglases bo. crd,andothr tble, ceffies wth plastchne-laesa hand- setomBrd,sseland.T oter aoldby rugsio, pendrs,an tlsors 12 O dernoing room Casrtroinhleater, couces,n tabes &cas - togeheriiv wakithevcrr qwiithte aPppendageonfo the budedroowho, Clourtn thaian beds-_itea. stairaretd, plated. gOodEs,tie chins glass, Ciahe raemusie, randRy oetferdiem, on view.yAiri 1 CateIogremsi the premies oonM. y T ompso,slcitor,se Fig-cout;ef r hi copt,s13,grfiea brlick.e Andbofthe auctioneer,oleman-street, city. toysre Nw-on SSRtfSd anda)erdB2ENHA1 22 S3.2,togebr u and Improved SELL,d aet th eir proo immupng-sre Covsent-ardn, THrIonShDAt of and after ~ ~ ~ o te enns,an pr Claude RuysdaslA. Durer Idtubendas Muito t- Lanfiseer Danby Buchanan arin kerld, Sn~ o andBOthersn estleemedLmasters prnts Gowatr-olour drtawlins,e rul Qurtrly e SaLer-Pianofre Honrpts,trontzest, raintings,Bok, n Ga, waEsRoS.MondaEBANilA2, atO1 RRheLES and SOODWeLL of a. oto iannuned that-the QUARTER LY SHP aLEgrpsd of WOBE BART,musall anet-RidimathMatical istrumeaents, icroscdopses, cins chm,bones ind iscellaices willcotinganFuenitouorow. Mna andUesdyLext Bach day' salefatourmend a"th inst'clio-amit the brpryn viewIthe daynpthe -ing-treI Coveint-garde, April, ato125, lotusselqa tera.-Wablen oFriue Two PianoforteAs, Lnn and litlegs-p of W A ndS- Efet. LatoHueajFt s; 1LIT. W.H.beWo I tTo th '% sg dipw ompen of thae rsacomprdencg wilt SEund by AUCoTIONo thean Premies, onta Moday,a foutr-poet and Preogach bedsteads goos boreds and thmer fnloors mbton appedags, rawng nd inig rom uitsmin madogan wandrosesol tues clck, h, cpitl ak ingd bokase, otexcellent ilnrd, cedig te sle,andcatloges ad n te pemies;ofEc Mttessrs. Syines Dorsdaet arnd Samlilyansds ,Fenchurah-strctagean at Scthen aucaltionee's offces, , Hartstreet Bbooobure-quaor tached by Mr NOBLE it th Dover casl Tavern,Boadway,11be Vctory-traet, New-town.de aforesad. May e viewd by th permi Si fteatnatsl~,, andtepar..b ing rooms, pantry, kitchen, scullery, and offies, six good bedrooWms and a water-closet, together with a two-stalled stable,cooach-housc. good gardens, omnamenlslground. and paddock adjotiing, containin one aee and threeoroods, orthsereab)outg. The residence iaapreached by a ca-riage drive on its own grounds, and in Its recent enlrement no expns has been spared to snake it a comfortable abode, the whole bing in execelent repair, and replete writh everyfamily conve. nienee Immediate possesgsion rosy be had. Also fouzr newly-buit; Cottages situate nearthe above (occupiedbythe Coast-Guardocteoersl, let on lease to Her Majesty's eostoms for 21 years at n-orper aunnum. The whole of the property is held under the Manor of Chideockt for tho residue of a term- of 99 Tears, determinable on three young healtip iv t ayearlyzentof l5e. Thchonseisfur,,Ehed throuighout with =tialimodern furniture, and the same maybe taken atavaluatlonbythepurchaserif desired. APollcyimtheStanda Life office forffiDD on one of the lives, seedl2 Tears, datedNovemer, IS52, sub. ject to the annual premiiumn of LEU It6s. 8d., wil be sold with the above. To view the premlses agp platiles-view Cettezge,nd for fariher particulars to M1r. Richard Crxsick, Bridport: M r. B. Chandler, solicitor, Sherborne ; Messas Ingram and Son, solicitors, Dorchester; o.r to Messrs Tempter and Son, volicitors, Bn dport. No. 60, St.. Paul's eburmhyard.-A makgnificent Collection of high-clam Amcient andtModemn Pictures, of the various Schools. ')FR. BARS will SELL by AUCTION, as above,' ILTIS DAY ApriIII and To-morrow, atIprecisaclyanASSLEA. BIAGE of capital PiC1J6ltE5 including'a View in Holland. Vast Stry alfine specimen, Tebr;aSnyansp,Clp TeFgh into iz;pt, P. Vercoe'se;adohr n fe Wvouverman ebad Tre ege Lingelbach Iues Sefed Bt Wynante arci Ade, Po On view. Catalogues a bv.Nl fnyducdo vr l. scription of property forpoiieadimdtesl.O-oosls effected at 5 per cent. on View.-An Important Collectilon of ancient andm3odemnPictures-. Regent Galler_y, 71. Quadrant, Regent-street. . R.GARCIA will SELL by AUCTION, as above, THIBDAY (Friday), April1I, and To-morrow at I * I -very fine COLLECTION of C V and GALLERY P CT'R colectd y a-wll-non cnnIssurdurngmany yeae residence abrad;amog wichwil befoud me eryfine sp%imens by tha folloinginsisraand teir ppilsr Onyp Jan teen D. Tniers Tuest
