DEATHS. On the 28th of January, at Patnsa India, Hugh Courtney, son of Richaxd V. Boyle, Es1._ aged 3 monthLs and 20 days. On the 15th of February, 1856, at Calcutta. of smaU pox. Lieutenant Henry De Lisle, RLK., fourth son of Ferdinand De Lise, Esq., of On the 5th inst.. at his residence, 4, Hyde-park-place vest, 3. H. B'elle, Eaq., in his 77th year. On the 6th inst.. of bronchitis, 3r. Robert Willett, of Chelsea, aged 76. Outhe 7th inst-, eanuette, youngest daughter of 3L Brier, 29, Upper Darnsbusry-street, Islisgton, On the 7.th inst., Edward Hodgson, Esl., at 3, BeLmont VilIas, Clep'ian-e-road, Canonbury, late 103, St. John-street, aged 64. On the 5th iast., at Epworth.i, Margaret eldest daughter of the late J. HL Maw, Eaq., of Belle oue House, near Doncaster. On the 5th inst.. at Hereford, lamented by aU who knew her, SliUr Lingen. She believed the record that Jesus died for sinners, and her dying horns attested that faith in Him can give peace deeply lad and unshakeable. On the 9th inst., at 4, Chandos-street, Cavendish-gquare, Dowglasse, second on of Dr. Pollock, aged four years and four months. On the 9th inst.. at35. Glocester-crescent, Regent's-park, of malignant scarlet fever.CatherineNesta,the beloved childof Capt. L. Carew Gwyn, late llthvauars, aged 6 years and 3 months. On the 10th inst., James Pickup, Esq., of BLackburn, Lancashire, in his 75th year. On the 10th instL. at Ventnor, Isle of Wight, Sarah, the beloved wife of John Homby. Esq.. 105, Regent-street, London, aged 2S. On the lth inst., at Brooksby Largs, Walter Crum, infant son o. Robert Graham, Bzg. On the lath inst., at her residence, Cowfold, Sussex. deeplylamented, Mary HFsgons, only daughter of the late 3Mr. John Higgons, aged 56. On the 10th inst.. at King's Lyna, in her 79th year. Sarah, relict of the late Rev. John Partridge, rector of Cranvwich, and vicar of loethirold, Norfolk. On the 10th inst., at St. Marg-aret's Vicarage, Leicester, Llewellyn T. K, the son of the Rev. T. Jones and Mary Luessa his wife, aged one year. On the 10th inst.. at Percy Cottage, Haverstock-hill, Charles 3Iogridge, aged 16. On the 1th inst., at Greenham Lodge, Berks, M.ajor-General Guy Carleten Coffin, H.AL, in his 24th year. On the 1Ith inst., at her residence, Forest-hill, hrs. Gardner, in the 71sLt year of her age. On Friday, the 11th inist.. at Bebbington Rectory, near Birkeuhead, Trances Mary, the second daughter of the HRer. H. 3. Fielden, aged 29, On the 11th inst.. at Dartmouth. MarYNewman Holdsworth, widow of the late Rev. Charles HoWasworth, vicar of Stokenha , Devon, aged 67. On the I1Ith inst., at M1are-street,Hackney, Mir. John Edmonds Parer, late of Camberwell, in the 68th year of his age. On the 11th ihst., at Bouloiac-s,ur-er, aged 12 years, David, fourth surviving son of James Salmond, Fzq., of Waterfoot, Cumberland. On the 12th inst., at his residence, 25, Park-read, Stake New intou, Archiboald Hudson, Esq., aged 16. On the 12th inst.. at Brighton, Louisa, the beloved wife of Richard Plarry, BEsq., aged 24. On the 12th inst., Betsy, wife of 3Mr. Walter Yonge, No. 1,6, Strand, On the 1-2th inst., at New Bread-gtreet, city, after a short but severe illness, in the 36th year of her age, Isabella Aia, wife of Mr3. Robert Stapleton. and only daughterof the late 3Mr. WVilliam Clarke, bookseller. 21, Finch-lane, Cornhill. E-arly on Saturday morning. the 12th inst., after long and severe illness, at ber residence, No. 10, Blomfield-terrace, Paddingteo. in her th year-, Srs. Marianne Russeld Sackell, widow of the late Mr. Henry ShackelL, of Tokeshou-se-yard, London, solicitor.
HTO-USE WANITED, within eight or ten miles of .L the city, having good communication wiith town. Rent about X-t0. An osld-fashioned house, if detached and with.paddock, preferred. Address by post, stating full particslars.to X.. 29. Poultry. H"OUSE WANTE'D, either detached or semi_ Ldetached, in St. Johns-Wend, or its immediate, neighbourhood. It must contaisn at least three sitting rooms aud six bed roomis, arid have agood-sized garden. The rent notto exceedz!;45 Applybyletter only to A. B., care of M5r. H. Vernon. 168. New, send-street. H OUSE WANTED, in the City. Wanted, beHtween this and 15th June. in anygenteel quiet street, as near tbe Bank- as possible. A small family. Rent must be moderate, arid stated. Fre-paid applications to A. B.. tare of Messrs. Aigar andStreet, 11, Cleincent's-lane. city. HOUSE 'WANTED, to RENT by the year, from HMidsummer next, within one mile To~St Paul's (north or west side preferred). Most he in complete repa-ir, containing not less than two good sitting rooms andI six bed rooms, with the usu3I domestic offices. Rent siot to exceedI 50 guineas. Letters, writh full particul-ars, to be addressed to G. Rt. L.. piost-offce. Brenitwood, Essx. HIOUSE WAVNTED, detached, wvith from half-an.Lacre to one acre of.ground, It must contain three good receptii)n rooms, six or eight bed roomis; must be in substantial andi ornamental resar bonagravelly soil ; distance from tow4-n not more than 10 mie.P%1 Flu particulars, withi lowest rent, address Veritas, 5, Stonebridge-place. Altrion-square. Dalston. - H OUSE WAN TED, at Kingsland or Dalston.- WAINTED, from the 25th dayj of June next. and withiufLve minutes'walk of the Kingsland Station, North London Railway, a modern eight-roomed HOUSE, (or six rooms and two kitchens,) with small garden attached. Rent and taxes netto exceed £15 per annum. Addrtss,post paid, with ftul particulars, to A.B., House, Office XeePer. War Department, Tower. HJIGHBURY or CANONBURY-PARK.-A good LIHOUSE WVANTED, in either of ttueso localities. Possession at Mitlsummer. Direct. with particulars, to F. B., Mr. Fisher's,stationer, Angel-coiirt. Throgusorton-street. r l"TONSONE, Woodord,or Saeboi_ WANTED a cosforcble dtache HOUS, wit fouror five bedoom, grde, sabl. aidpadock. Rnt 70 o £0.Address 0. P.Q.. Mssrs Nissn andPark,'a, 3, Mak-lae. city. N ER te GNERL PSTOFFICE.-WANTED, t Misumer nxt,STARINGfor two or mere horses, wit yad ad lft.suiabl fo a uiler.Apply by letter, stating tr, e.to W.H. 5..27 Cannon-street wet. city. L~ARM - WA TED,to RENT, immiediately,i J.iant, Ssse, o Surey asmall FARM, of from 100 to 200 cre of socklan, wth omfrtale esidenice, 1st. Address M1r. R. Hellis, 0 HOUS AGENS.-WA TED,within 20 or T 30wila f Lndn, frstclas ESLF-CE,onLEASE, wvith or iihu land. Distance from a railway not to exceedI two or three miles, Address, iiith fell particulars, toWA. L., Mtr. W. HL Cotes's, 139, Chrapssde.- FURNISHEID HOUSE.-WVANTED, for a few Fmouths, with imimedilate Dossessoion, a comfortably F~URNISHED REISIDENCE, fur a small family, either in the west enid or genteel part of the suburbs. Apply, with full particulars to Mfr. Graham, 16. Air-street, IPiccadilly. ISWIN,GTON.-WAINTED, an unfurnished. HOUSE, Iin complete reepair, suitable for a small fanilly. Compton-terrace, llighbur-y-place, or neighbourhood would be prefered. Address, with full particulars, A.B.C., care of Messrs. Harrup and Son, 33, AbchurchLane, city. QMALL FREEHOLD.--WAN TED, to PURKJ7CHASE, immaediately, a road-side HOUSE, with homestead, orchrd.&c. wihin 0 mlesof ondo. i a illge or near a towvn: if wit a itte andpreerrd.Appy, ithful prtiulas,to C. M.,care T~'INSURY-SQ ARE, o in th immedliate neigh.- paeFisbuiry-squnare. AURISHED COTTAGE or-VILLA WAN TED, A four tw--oor three months, in the nieighbourhood of Hamnpstead, Finchley, Brixton-hill. or Blaekheath. Terns would not bean object providing the situation be liealthy, with an open view. Address, past Paid, to A_ B., Webb's Ihotel. Piccadilly. ISLINGTON.-HOUSE WANTED, in the neigh- bourhiood of Canonbutry, with immediate possession, containing egtor ten rooms, in perfect reipair, withi good garden. Rent about £4.Apply personally, or by letter, pre-paid, to) Mr. Jackson. 3, Mwecenas Villas. St. Paul's-road, Carioubhury; or at 38, lValbrook, sity. R bICHMOND or VICINITY.-WANTED, to JLURENT on LEASE, a detached FAMILY RESIDEN'CE, with good garden, three sitting rooms, and about eight bedlrooms, goodI offices. Full particulars to be sent to Mr. Donaldson, 1, Langhiamplate. Portland-place. El ASEHOLD WEE' KLY RENT WANTED-,to L PUTRCHASE, also a few LeaselholdIs of niot lees than 35 y-ears (The above must be respectable). The purchase money can he had iamediately. Address, wvith full particulars, to Mfr. Hill, 15, Nassau. street; Middllesex Hospital. ri0 HOUSE AGENTS, Fancydrapers, &-c.-WANLTTED. suitable PREMISES or a Business, thlat can be conducted withi £500: hosiery, lace. gloves, millinery, or any thing conraccred with the drapery. The surhube of London. or market toni-n wvithinL 100 miles. Address A. Y. Z., Post-office, 49, Bishepsgatt wvithinl. G- ROUND RENTS, Freehold or Leatsehold.-The X.advertiser wislhes toPURCHASE the above description of PROPERT,Y,or would n-itobject toHoLises at alow grouse rent. Apply to ltr. Plimpton, 44. Cross-street, Finlsbury, from 11 till 3 o'clock-, or particulars sent by letter. ~TATINER' SHO WAiTED.-WANTE D, a KJ mal SIIOPin he bov lie, apaleof being managed by an eldely wdow nd hr daghte. Th sumrequredfor the fixtures, he.,mus beleo. Aplyby ettr, ostpai, satIg piceandl particulars,to S. A ., rre ofMesss. Wi. D aionad os 7-4, Cannon- C IOUNTRY HOUSE, with Land.-WANTED, to - REN-T, within two hours' of London, a sulistantial FAMILY ROITSSE with from 100 to 150 acres of lanud. Address, with particulars of situation, accommiodation, rent, valuations, means of access, and all otlier details, to G. S., care of Messrs. Brooks and BeLai, 209, Piccdilly. COUNTRY RESIDENCE.-AVANTED, for the summner mionths, a, FURNISHED COTTAGE. in the neighbourhood of Horosey, Hlighgate, or Rilbiumn; to contaLin not less than two sittinig roonis and thiree bed rooms, he. Terms moderate. Address, stating 1iarticulars, to H. W. F., 22, Upper AMarylebone-street, Portland-place. CLAPH-AM and its VICINITY.-A printedl RECGISTER of HOULSES in this locality, furnished or unfurnished, to be LEiT or SOLD, is published monthly by Mr.%W. J. LOAT, and can be had gratis upon application, or by past for one stamp. The list for April is now ready.-Estate and agency offices,~ 13, Churchsbuiddings, Clapham-common. F RNISHED HOUSE WANLTE D, itn a chieerfuli situation, near one of the parks: or a detache(i Villa. with coachih,uss, stable andgarden. To be well furnislied,and contalinabout 30 rooms. For a small famiilywithout chUilreni. A goed rent willbho given for a dlesirable residlence, for three months certain, or loD-'er if approved of. Particulars to Mlr. Bolden, 44, Craveni-street, Stranss I:RIXTON or CLAPHAiVI ROAD.-WALNTED, to BL PURCHIASE, or RENT, a detached COTTAGE, or genteel DweWg-huse in horughrepair, within about s mile of Kennington-gate: consisting of four bed rooms, suit-able parlotirs. good kitchen, wash-house, and other conveniences ; welt drained, and water laid on, with fore-court andgarden. If to belet.the rent not to exceedze38 per annum; taxes moderatD. loeobjection tea few doors of the hgh road. Address, pre-paid, to A. B., Kennans Hotel, Crown-court, Cheapside, city. VILLA.-WVAN-TED, a FURNISHED detached VVILLA, for five or six months, from 10th May. inx an airy, healthy, but retired situation, within easy reach of a siation and an hour - of the city. The lhouse must have six or, seven bed rooms and three sitting roomns, be well furnished, and have good lramns and -,axdens, and be well supplied wgith water. The greatest cae wOO bab taken. of the furniture. Renit not to exceed 100 guineas. The adver. tiser would wish to have the option of reniaining beyond six months on terms tobe agreed. Full Particulars to beaddressed to P. R.. Raswiais library, Ebury-street, Pimlico. TII LANDOWNERS Estate Agents9, and others.- T1WANTED, to PURCHA~E, in the counties of Kent. Sussex, or Surrey, within 30 or 40 mLiles of London and Brighton, aswell-built anid commodious FA.MILY RESIDENCE, with about 150 acres of good pastre and Th hose, hic mut b ina dry healthy situation, and onmindin a god -ico' shold c ntannt less than four or five recetio an ISor 0 oter oodroos, iththe usual offices;a greenhese o coseratry,andhotouss,wit a oodwaledgarden, and disensble Adres, pst aid sttin al paticlar toA. B., post- AHOUSE WALNTED (fern family w%ithiout cldU(ren), AL3 unfnishdgan inthiorough repair, bY the year or on short lease, ctaiigagodrvi-and dinin g room, and small book-L room, three best bed-rooms (wiitY dressing-room attached to one), and thiree for servants, two water-elceets, and convenient domestic oficesgood water and drainage, cheerfnuly anid healthily situate, wvithin t~ walking distance of a town or village and railwvay station. A coachhouse and stabling for apair of horses. The house standing in asmall garden, with paddock, desirable. Localities preferred :-Old Chariton, Blaclheatli, Kemsington, Hlampstead, Brighton, and Southsas. If on the coast, a goodl sea view indispensable. Letters, post paid,. with full particullars, addresed to A. Z., post-office, Woolwvich, Kent. F RNISHED and UNFURLNISHED HOUSES.- FMr. A. BOO0TH7s LIST of RESIDENCES to be LET or SOLD may be obtainedI on application, or by post. For particulars apply to Mr. Abraham Booth, auctioneer and house agent, 1. Carlton-liul Villas, Camnden-road. opposite the Brecknock ,rnis. ~IIESSR . REID nd ADA S, auctioneers, allyitleyos,andestteagets,Quen'-oln,Brompton, and Beaufortstret,Chesea be toassre ersns eekngProPerty for investment or ocuptionin own r cuntr, tat tey illfind every facility offeed n apliatin t thm; nd lsoforletingor selling property by actin o prvateconrac thse ofics wuldbe founld a usefus AUCTION, House, and Estate Agency OFFICE, 1, AHalkin street. Hy,de-park-corner.-31r. THIOS. B3ERRY begs respectfullY to remindI the nobWfty and gentry that lila BOORS are ready for the REGISTRATION of ESTATES, furnished or unfurnished houses, and p,roperty of all descriptions, in town or country. that are to he let or sold. Particulars registeredI free of charge, and aplipcants speedilY suited withiout trouble or expense. TONDON and CONTINENTA- ESTATE, and ,LAGENERAL COM'MISSION AGE'NCY OFFICES, 155, Strinal, cornerofArundels,I-trect.-'MNesse.JF pFREY.CLRER,andCo.r,--pctfuliy invite the attentionof prol,rietors,soLdcitors,trustees executors,and Others interested in the disposat of estates, residences, grouind route, reversionls, iife interests. Englih and foreign shares miid ether properties,,to the facilities offered through their agenicies. Particulars of property for sale or letting forw-ardied to their ofllers wil be inserted on their book-s free of charge. Parties piurposing a tempora ry or pra nent residence on the continent are invited to communicate as above. TONLDON and CONTINENTAL ESTATE and LJGENERAL COMMISSION AGEN-CY OFFICES. 168, Strand, corner of ArundreI-street.-Messrs. Jeffrey. Clarke. and Co. having numerous appilcotions for investments, also for furnished and unf urnislied residenices, in London and the neighbourhoocd, respectfully invitoe parties wuho have property for dispoa I, to send particulars to their offices for insertion on their hooks, free of charge. Ground rents, reversions, life interests, Engllsls and foreign shares ne-gotiated. T O be LET, No. 8, Lansdowin-terrace, NottiDg-hsil, A.near the chiurch. Rent £100O per annum. 'Wirm-air stove, gasfittings, and lulohse windowvsata valuation. Inquire on thiepremises. T O be LET, inear t'he Houses of Parliament, a AHOUSE, containing nine good roomns, vash-housp, aiid paired yard, in substantial repair. Apply oln the premises, 68, Millbankstreet. WestmlinSter: ring the bell. IlO be LET, a HOUSE and SHOP, 8, Aldgate, oppo- Eite the pump i also 59, Long-limne, Smithtield, in excellent repair, suitable for a pawniroker, clotheir, or any business requiring publicity. Bclong to same proprietor. Apply on the premises, or to Mir. Walker, Castle-terrace. Brixton-road. mo be LET, Fur-nished, at Sydenham, for six, nine, T or 12 months, a detached RESIDENCE, commanding an extensive viewv of the surronnding neighbourhood ; containing dining and drawing rooms (vith folding doors), four bed and one dressing room. For terms apply to Y. Z., Camden Vila, Sydenham-hill. 3 'O be LET, with immediate possession, a small de- Ttached FAM1ILY RESIDENCE, withi good walled-in garden, and pasture land, situste in St. Stephen's-road, within a few minutes' walk of the city of Canterbury the parish church, and the railway station. For particulars apply to hressrs. Cooper, estate agents, Canterbury. T O be LET, a semi-detached HOUSE. Three bed bedrooms, one sitting room, good kitchen, wasahoulse, pantry; good wvater, large garden, pony stable and chasehouse. Witbin half a mile of a stltion, situste mniles from London. Rent £19 per annum. For ,address aply to r. Buck-, lbrary, Turner's-hiLl, Cheshunt, Hurts. Also one of the same description, furnished. T°O be LET, at AdTiAngly three miles from Lind- Lfield, Sussex, a neat COTTAGE iESIDENCE, pleasantly situate. with small productive garden, stable, a pump wlle supplied with good water, a good front parlour and kitchen, convenient paustry, store rooms, wash-house, cellar, copper. oven, he., four- bed rooms, twvo attics. Apply to John Parker, wvatchmaker, Lmdleld. be LET, for the summer months, a well FUR- T 'ISHElD HOIUSE; containing drawing, dining, and breakfast rooms, five bed rooms, excellent to-ta stable, coach-houEe, andloft, well-stocked garden; use of a pony and chaise, andapiano. Vithin a mile and a halfofTv.ick;enham StatioD, and the same of fampton Court. Omnibuses pass the house, andwithin easy distance. Close to Btfar from the rirer. Apply to r. Cain, aueRio .ent according to time taken for. rTTO be LET or SOLD CHANDOS LODGE, a valu- _ able an,delegant freelsold'manalon, suitable for a large falhilly facing Wlmbledon-common, one mile from the Puiney Station, and eight from London. Contains 10 bed and several dressinz rooms. lirgo drawing, dminin, and breakfast rooms, lbrary, servantsi offlcea,ko,;double coach-house and fiesalPly stabtlte. ith rimm3ediOate posesin.t yfinE5n, 51k, 015z tr2ead.gttct. city. TO be LET, a nsall wooden SHOP, nith two good windows, on the main road, at the fool of DenmarkhilL Apply to James Cuthil], florist, ac.. Camberwelth TflO be LET, at Notting-hill, a small HOUSE, fur- nished or unfurnished. It contains two large sitting rooms, four good bed rooms, kitchen, cellars, pantry. &a., a xarden, smal conserTatory. two water-dosets, and excellent domestic conveniences; is dry, good drainage, and fine water, in perfect repair, amply and comfortably furnished.( Apply at39.,AddIson-road north. \ntting-huL. 110 be LET, in the imnmediate neighbourhood of _ Hansover-square, an ercellent HOUSE, lproducing a good income by letting furnished apartments. Only a moderate price assed for furmiture and goodwill, For terms and cards to view auppl to Mlessrs. Rnssshorth and Jarris, land surveyors atnd auctioneers, Savifie-row, Burlington-gardens. r ° be LET, with immediate possession, a very pretty genteel HOUSE, close to the Keanington-rark, containing two spacious parlouri, eaa1 y1 et ihwd folding doors, three bed rooms, breakfasrt room, wateIr- tgood kitchen, larder, &o., weU fitted up with every modern convenience. Rent £3t per annum. Taxes Apply at 36, Newington crebcent, between 10 and I o'clock. T°U be LET, in the preferable part of Brentwood, a convenient RESIDENC ; comprising. on the ground floor, three sitLing rooms and two kitchens, with large cellars under, firsttloor thnee good bed roomas, three attics two lumber rooms. 'water-closets, chaise-house, stable, green-house, and smal garden. Rent S45. The modern furniture, ior pat pay be had at a valuation. Sons of the tenant are entiled to edueation, and of a superior order, in tbe ancient foundation grammar school of the town. Apply to Mr. Thoene, auctioneer, Brentwood; orto Mfr. Lees, newss agent, Biliter-square. TJIO be SOLD, a great bargain, a well-built eightL roomedHOUSE, vwithtght workshop. Long lease, direct from the freeholder. Low ground rent, and in good repair. Apply to Mr. Healy, auctioneer, 43, edford-rovw, and Islington-green. mo M\ILLINERS and DRESSANIERS.-An old- , established and very desirable BUSINESS to be DISPOSED OF. insa lsadingthoreughgare at the west end. Good plate-glass front, and every requisite for the trade. Address 3Mr. Hills, 121, Oxford-street. T°1O OIL and COLOUR MEN.-Mr. G. H. Martin is instructed toLE an excellent CONCERN, situate on the outskisofn n, anOd inad,>n a good business neighbourhood. Rent low, and comng-n mderte.Full particulars of Mr. G. H. Martin, aucItioneerand valuer, Si sod S5. Cowrcroesstreet, Smithfield. [I T° WOOLLENDRAPERSA-n old-established J WOOLLENTJRAPERY BUSINESS, with the Stock and a good trade, to be DISPOSED) OF. an the proprietor intends to retire. For particulars apply at 12, Milk street, Cheapside, between the hours of 10 moPT50 SUGAR -REFINERS and others- For SALE, the L B and PLANT of a mnaU SUGARJ HOUSE, capable of doing 25 tons per week. The house is fitted uno with vacuum pan, engine, tc, and is all ready for immediate working. Apply to 'V Cooper, Esq., 13, George-street, Mansion-house. T° GROCERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, a BUSI- T NESS,mnthe above line, for £1G0. Most satisfactory reasons for leaming. Presenttrade good-capable of great extension by an industrious 'erson, beiug surrounded by good families, Apply to Mr. T. Bran, 138, AlderEgate-street. iO be SOLD, TWO LEASEIHOLD HOUSES rrAlbany.road, Old Kent-road, with very large gardens; 19 ft. frontage. Lease 27 years; ground rent, 23 15s. Gd.: annunal value, £23. Price £150 each. Apply to the owner, 'V. Greenw-ood, 9, Nile-terrace, Park-road, Old Kent-road. rpo PORK BUTCHERS, Grocers, and General J1 Dealers.-To be DISPOSED OF an old-esablished BUSIN'ESS, in a sea-port town in Essox; doing Lil a week. ready money. Rent £16 per annum. Coming in moderate. Apply by letter to Y. Z., 3, Nicholas-pasa-ge, Lombard-street. T O DRAPERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, the TLEASE, FiUtures, dc.. of a capital ready-money BUSINESS. WeU situate in a famous garrison town, about S0 miles from London. For particulars apply to Messrs. Saunders and Bew, wholesale haberdashers, 52, Wood-street, Oheapside. rno be SOLD by AUCTION in the begimling of .1L April, the manfcnt ESTATE of iAIARCOUItT, comprising the chateau, the forests. and the farms; the wlhole situate at Harccurt Thury (in the dePartment of Calvados, four leagues fromu Car1. Apply for particulars to Maitre Yver, notaire, a Paris, 6, rue Neuve St. Augustin. TO FLORISTS and NURSERYMEN.-To be DIS- POSED OF. with immediate possession, a small NURSERY, with homse attached, and doings good iobbing trade. This being a genuine concern no agent need apply. Satsfactory reasons given for disposaL Apply to Mr. Denyer, seedsman, do. 82 Gracechuroh-street city. a most excellent BUSI- and Cleaning trade. It will realize an income of £180S a-year, free of rent. Everything comnpletefor business. This in an opportunisty seldom to be met wYith, a lInowledge of the businless not being necessary. It wvill require about £180 t4 purchase. Addrecs to B. B., 43, Comm ercial-road e.ast. T° be DISPOSED OF, in one of the most flourishing Tmanufacturing districts in the North of England. an old-established and highly respectable WHOLESALE WlNE and SPIRIT BUSINESS. A;;plicatiuns to bo made to Mfessrs. Trower, Lawson, and Trower, 39, St. M%ary-at-hill; and Messrs. J. and W. Nicholson and Ce., St. John-street, ClerkenwvelL T° FANCY BREAD and BISCUIT BAKERS.- To~ be LET. in a populous and very improving neighbourhood, a HOUSE and SHOP, neatly fitted up in the most modern style, with everyrequisite of internal fittings; bakeholnse detached, with 10-bushel oven and flour loft over. Rent moderate. Apply to SIr. Richards, Addlestone. near Chertsey, Surrey. tb befh DISPOSED OF, in consequence of a death in the family, a thorongh good SPINAL STAY and TRUSS BUSINESS. ina first-rate situation, patronised by the most eminent surgeons. The above business has been niost successfully carried on for 28 years. For particulars apply to A. B., ISA, Duke-street, Gro - venor-square. rmo MA2E UFACTURING JEWELLEllS.-Tne pricipls f a ol-esablshe fim rtirng rombisines, wvish tDP Oipal hoE nLOEdAtSEof thheiirPREMISES, dc. The house is situate iii the best part of the esvt end, and is fitted up with every convenience for carry-ing on an exteasive trade. For particulars apply at 23, MIaddox-street. Regenut-street. To SELECT BOARDING-HOUSES, &e.-A lady is desirous of obtaining comfortable accommodation for herself and threcdaughters. for the sunimer months, at some healthy and cheerful place of psblic resort. Terms not to exceed a guinea a weelk each. Inland preferred, Great3Malvern especially. Address, post paid Z. Z, Spalding's library, Notting-hilL TO CHYMISTS and SURGEONS.-To be SOLD a CHY3MIST's BUSINESS, in a respectable nelghbourhool south of London, established some years by the present proprietor, who will give satisfactory reasons for leaving. A good house, on lease. Rent loss. Price about z380. An exceellet opportunity for a surgeon. Apply at Messrs. HuLxtable's. 104, St. Jolm-street. Clerkenwell. ruio he DISPOSED OF, solely from family affairs, L admirably suited to a respectable arty from the country, an oldestablished adhlerativo HAM and- B~EE BUSINESS, wish dinino rooms, in the tflusest- situation in London. It possesses every domestic valuable lease. Apply to 5r. °Lmltoyrd, 74,T ottenashm-roagd-rand.ms TO OIL and COLOUR MEN.-Mr. G. H. Mat-tin T ois instructed to LET a most excellent BUSINESS, situate ina populous neighbourhood, doing a profitable counter and shipping trade -held on long lease, at the exteremely low renit of £32 per auniun comprising famous she and dwellUng-house. together with back premises and stabling. Aply to 'Mr. G. H. Martin, auctioneer, &o., St and 85, Cowcross-street, Smithfield. T° GROCERS.-Mr. Peter Broad, of 28, Poultry, Thas for DISPOSAL (owing to the ill health of the proprietor), a genuine CONCERN, situate in one of the principal thoroughfares in Brighton. Present returns £3,00 Dper annum; but under the management of an energetic principal the trade may be doubled. Mterely a valuation of stock and fixtures is required. Apply at theauction and valuation offices, 28, Poultry. n10 GROCERS.-Country B1asiness.-Mr. G. H. TI.lTartin is instructed to LET, on advantageous terms. a desirable CONCERN; comprising a large house, shop. and ceDarage, held at the extremely low rent of £25 per annum, situate in a market tevn. in LIncolnshire, doing about £30 per week. Full particulars of fr. G. It. lartin, auctioneer and valuer, SIand S5, Coecross-street, Smithfield. T0 GROCERS and CHEESEMONGERS.-To be T DISPOSED OF, immediately. a ready money BUSINESS, in the above hne, five miles from London-bridge. for £30, includinig fixtures, utensils in trade, &c. Returns £17 a wveek, Rent £25. Rates low. The house contains three rooms, besides the shop and a large ceDlar. Thereisalsoalargegarden. For cards of address appy atMessrs. Cooper and Co.'s, wvholesale grocers, Monument-yard, London T O GROCERS and others.-To be LET on T LEASE, and may be entered upon immediately, in the most central p art of the town of Birmingham, exellent SHOPPING and PREMILSES, comprising shop 14 feet long and 13 feet higb, warehouse in bsemnt,withrolingway romstret;culli.ary offlces, with lift to dining room. 27 feet long;siftrting room,six bedrooms, cellas, wiaterclosets, o. complete. Inquire of Mr. S. Hyam, hNess-street, Birmingham ; or to Hyam and Co.. 88, Ox=ford-street, london. °0 STATIONERS, Bookselle-rs, and others.-To be T DISPOSED OF. a very desirable STATIONERY and BOOKSELLING BUSINESS, situate in the most fashionable district at the west end. The concern has been estiablshed for many years, is patronizedby the nobility and gentry, and from the large returns, and verymoderate purchase money, cannot fail to be a profitable outlay. About £0o0 required. Apply to Mr. Page, valuer to the trade, 8, Colerena-street. rmo WATCH and CLOCK MAKERS, Jewellers, .1 and Silversaiths.-To be DISPOSED OF, entirely owing to continued severe afliction, an excelent BUSLNESS, well situate, by the sea-sido. The profits of one of the four departments alone is £130 per annum, and the repairs are considerable. Without opposition. Rent for shop and house, £15. Arrangements will be made fir a respectable warty with .£20 or*300. In the first instance apply by letter to B.B.B.. reacon7s nesvs rooms, 154, Leadenhall-street. O be SOLD or LET, with immediate possession, a TLdetached FREEHOLD VILLA, containing good entrance-hall, weh proportioned dining and drawiing rooms, four good bed rooms vith one dressing room, four servants' bed rooms, two kitchens, the uual domestic oflices, wvith good cellarage on the basement: standing in an ornamental garden, andI surrounded by nearly five acres of supein.r pasture and orchard ground, which can be taken or not at the option of the purchaser. The pwperty is situate in a pleasant vilage, within four miles of the city of Canterbury. Particulars may be obtained of BMessrs. Cooper, estate agents, Canterbury. T PURCHASERS of HOUSE PROPERTY.- TLJOHN VHITE respectfuUy informs the public that he has constantly on SALE some of the most valuable and choice FREEHOLD PROPERT'Y for investment in Liverpool and its vicinity inlots from £100 to £18 000, that wil yield interest to the purchaser of S per cent, and upwvards, nd also intimates that his Property Circular is now. read fo delrer. an ma be ad rati byapplying at the office, 20, CladYton-sqare, Liverpool. whecrhe everyinformationwith pIansand partielarswill be given. Persons lling at a distance may havetheProperty Cirzular forurarded to them by enclosing two postage stamps with their address. 0UPHOLSTERERS, &c,--An advantageous Topporthnity offers itself to any person wishing to EMBARK in BUSUNES. The proprietor has carried on. in connexion with the upholstery business, an extensive trade in invalid chairs, do. The coming-in would require about £4,000, which might be paid by instalmente. The stock is considered to be worth the sum at the cost price. The business has been carried on by the proprietor 10 years, wvhose name, for the suiperiority of his goods, is most extensively kmown and patroni7ed by the nobility and gentry, dc. Apply to M3essrs. J. and J. Simpson, 53. Skinner-street. Snowbill. T0 CAPITALISTS, Builders,-Railway Carriers a-nd . otcrs.-City of Londou.-Valuable and exterisivo FREEITOLD PLOT Of GROUND, in the Old Baiey, to be LET on a BUILDING LEASE. Land-taxredeerned. Theground. nouvthe site of theNew Inn, has a frontage to the Old Bailey, with access from Fleet-lane, and occupies an area of nearly 18.000 square feet, which may be increased Iif requir,rdl to 28,000 square feet. Tbe premises are admirably adapted lor an hotel, chambers, warehouses. clubhouses, or other buildings on a large and comprehensive scale. Plans of the property may be seen, and further particulars obtained, by application to the counting-house of St. Tomas's Hiospital, South%wark; or to Mr. Henry Currey, arcditect, 4, Lncaster-place, Strand. T°1 PUBLIC COMPANIES, Exhibitors, and others L requiring extensive Premises.-To be LET, or the Lase tobe Sold, of these splendid PREMISES, the Hungerford HaU, measuring 100 ft. by 30, covering an area of 4,800 ft. and 32 ft. in height. The principal ball isn 10 ft.by 30, and there is (at each extremity) asuite of severali ght and good sizedrooms. The building has lately been fitted up at great expense andpresents advantages rarely to bermet within so central a localit.y. The sole cause of the disposal of these valuable promises is the sudden and dangerous illness of the enterpriring proprietOr. For Sale.-A splendid octagonal Glass Case for Sale. To beseen i centre of larg haill. Apply to the Superintendent, at the Hunger- ford Ha, Hungerford, Strad. rf0 be SOLD, pursuant to a Decree of the High .L Court ofChancery, mado in a cause "Gardnerv. Smith," with the approbation of His Honour the Vice-Chancellor Sir William Page Wooo, to whose Court this cause is attached, at the Swan Hotel, Newport PngaeD, on Wedneqday, May 7, 1S56, at 3 o'ldoek in the afternoon, in five lots, by AUCTION, by M1r. MWARSH, the folloiving FREEHOLD PROPERTY :-Lotl. A Farm, tithe-f-ree, comprising 90 acres of armble and pastiue land, with homestead and 2al requisite agricultural buildings, situate in the parishes of Loughton and Bradwell, three miles fron Stoney Stratford, three from the IVolverton and four from the Bletchiey Stations on the London and North-Western RailWay, And six from Newport Pagael . in the occupation of Afn. Smith, asyearlytenant,attherentalof.;£120perannum. Lot2.Abrick-built Residence. situate in the village of Loughton, with out-buildings, gar den, asd orchard, Iet to Mr. Druce, at£21 per annum and cottage ad.oining. Lot3. The WheatsheafFree Public-house, Loughton. Lot4. Two Dwelling-houses and Cottage adjoining, vith gardens and outbuildings, at Loughton, in the occ"pation of Lean andothers. Lot 5. The Marquis of Chandos old-estal-lshled Free Public-honse, in Johntreet, Nevwport Pagael, and tvo Houses adjoiniDg. May be viewed on ayplcation to the several lonaniS, and particulars, wvith conditions ol -e, obtained on the respective premixs .; at tbe place of sale, the princpal inns at Obney, Newfport PagneDl Stoney Stratfcrd, Bletcohler. and Vfolverton; of Messrs. Graham and iyde, roliciters, Mitre-cOurt chamters. Temple; of Mfessrs. Harrison. solicitors, 6, Walbrook, And at Mar. Marsh's office, 2, Chaotte.ro w. Msnsion-hon.e.-Dated lis 3d day of April, 1850. RlCffAEtD BL.OXAMf, Chief Clerk. GBAgA,7 and LYDE. Mlitre-court, Temple, London, 1')Aipttif'e 8Qhicitors, BAYSwAhR~Tobe LET or SOLD, FOUR SHOP. i thebes pat ofWeshoune-grove. Apply to Mr. Alfre Wheler,2. Aelaid-terace.neary oposite the ipioperty. WALTON-on-THAAMES, Oatlands-park.drive.--vo Wbe LET onl LEASE, a ie-detached VILILA, iuitable fo- a, rep,etable family. Good garden, spring ae,adfxue os plt.Apply to Mrx. Peters, bailder, near eth ewun, OstlIANd-parch BRIGHTON.-To be LET, a HOUSE, the upper Bend of and being No. 33. Waterloo-street, Hove, containing nine rooms. The furniture, nearly new, to be tak-en at a valuation. The propriet-or leaving Brghton. Apply to G. Coleman, as above. BISHOPSGATE WITHIN.-To be LET, oa POLEASE, THREE large old HOUSES, sufitable for a lighit business requiring mnuch room, Address to A. W., 5. Dyer's-court. Aldermanbury, city. M ADEIRA-VALE, Ventnor, Isle of Wight.-To be LED, by the year or on a Lease, a thoroughly well-buflt, hadsmey UNISHED VIlLTA RESIDENCE, commanding beautiful views, and having an acre of land, prettily laid out and Planted. For particulars apply to J. Spavy. pGst-oftie, Ventuor. I R LH 5, near Claphail-comimon.-To be LET, Funse,until the let oC September next, a HOUSE. contnii-- isag two sitting roomnsand five bed rooms, with convenient otfies, and a tSower garden behind. For particulars apply to Mr. Lost, builder, Ballbaus-hll. pORTLA~D-PLACEVicinity of.-An exceeding~ly I,well URlIsHEDRES ~EC,suitedi to the accomnnodation Of A mnoderate-sized faraily, and may b a at a reasonable rent. Full patculars of Samuel B. Clerk, agenit, 4, New Cavendish-street, Pert- J A-NTS, near Andover.-To be LTwihsmeH diate possession, POPLAR COTTAGE AbotsAn.tonles from Andover, a genteel residence, in a dyadhatystain containing two pariours, kitehtn and backkiceu vebarosan ail necessary domaeUtc offices; three-stall tbe hiehue large garden. &c. To treat apply to Mr.%Westhuy adaen,Advr LAKHEETH.TD be LET, Furnished, a doB"Ace HOUSE, ixcomplete order, well situate, withint three mnuutes' walk of the railway station, containing good dining and drawin oms, six good bedI resins. dressing and linen reooss. twro waterclst,good basement, and offices;- excellent wAater, coach-house and stables, garden, &-c. Apply at4. le-trrae,Blackheath. TUWICKE1NHATsI, near the Statlon.-To be SOLD, JLa greathbargain, THRtEE newly-built eight-roomed HOUSES, with additions, and targe gardens, held by separate leases from toe freeholder at the low ground rent of £4,each. Price £S00: fEQO mnay rem-ain on mortgage. F,'r further particulars apply- to Air. Slattery, estate agent, 30, Upper Berkeley-street west, Hyde-park-square. - H YDE-OUSE dmontn.-Tobe LET, this espial AMILI?HOUE, ontinig dlining and drawing rooms, ibrary,with -ood bedroom, andsitable kItcen,coch houe, tales an o'lar ot-uiling, awn, ardens, and orchard; the hol stadin in ouracre; wtherwitout13 acres of excellent lan ataced.Forpattrlar ad crdstoviewapplyto N., Parker's, HYDE-SIDE, Edmnonton.-To be LET, soine good nine and 12 roomed semi-detachedHUE,nath ily Enflld;goo garensbac andfrot. ents from £10 to £60 per annm. ickts y ril t edued are, sy £0 4 £ pr annum. Forpariclar aplyo r. esy Nsh Buy-tret,Edmonton; or WILLESDEN : the only rural parish within four mifles of Lonaon and beyondL the rent juidcino h Metropolitan Board and tbeBaildingAct.-SomeverydesirableFllEE. HOLD) LAND to be LET, on Buildin Leass adoiigteHrw turapike road, within five minutes' walk of the Willeslien Station and 15 minutes by rail to loondon. Apply to Ricehard Wright, E,sq., 57, Iincoln's-inn-fields. H IGH WYCO~E.-To be LE,dwth immediate possssio, a etaced RSIDECE, t thwest end of the town, pleaanty stuae; ourbedroos, resingroom. and two p-avicurs, withevey oherconeniece;goo stbleandcoach-house, a waliedingadenandoodupplof ate; iadrsituatloen Rtent£35per annu. ~Fve tainsdail to ondo. Onthe Great Wvestern, line. Appy o r. . . illam, uiler HghWycombe. 12[JACKNEY.-FURNISHED HOUSE to be LET, XIL for four or six~ monthis,sseomforiable residence for a small family, situate inlWell-street, Hackney, about 2j miles from the city, It contains five bed rooms, drawing room, dining room, and breakLfast PaTlour ; kitchen. wasshhouse, garden, kc. Terms v-ery moderate, and immediate possession. Particulars to be had of Mfessrs. Norton, Hoggart, and Trist, 62, Old Bread-street, Royal.Exachange. S OUT COAT ofDEVO.-Tobe LET, banclsemey Frnised,a getee RESDENE, commnanding extenelselan an seavies, itute i th cetreof B. Salterton, close to the hurh, ibrry1pos-ofice bahs,hotls,&c., 14 miles from the TfAITENDER-HILL.---Messrs. Herring and Son' JUare instructed to LET on LEASE, a miost desirble detachied VILLA. RESIDENCE, upon a compact scale, delightfully situate on the summiit of the hill. five miles firomthle city. There are simbed roos, Aan elegant and ver spacious drawing room, dining and break- fsroms, hall entrance lobby, water-closet. &c. The domestic offices areampe, ncudig btle'sroom and. mani's sleeping room. wih au excllet sppl ofsprngwater, spacious lawn and pleasure ground in ron, wth ree-hose,back lawn and walled gardlen, capital coachi hous, sablig, nd sallpaddck,altogether about three acres of groud. Aplyto Mssrs Heringandson, 109, Fluat-strect, flENDON, Middlesex.-Mlessrs. Hein-into and Son are emn p wrdoLTuo ESE, a commMouos detacheld FAAILY RESIDE-qCE, delightfully situate at Golder's-green, near Hendon, three miles from the Regent's-park, and two anid half from Kilburn Sttion, wvith extensive grounds, stbbIng, offices, and laud, nearly 12 acres. There are seven bedrooms. twro dressing rooms, dining, and drawing rooms. libuary and conservatory, excellent dome7stic offices, and servants' sleeping .apartments, ample stabling, earringe*house, and groom's room;: extensively and beautifully disposed lwn, garden. pleasure ground, and paddocks. Apply to Messrs. Herring and Son, 109, Fleet-street ; or to 31r. Paxon, Hanspetead. S YD)ENH.ATM Kent.-INessrs. Herring and Soil are K3directed to offer on LEASE, a commodious FAMdILY RESIDENC, vry peasntl sitateand nclsedin it-s own extensive and orasentllytimbredgronds,togthe- wth paddocks If acres, conitiguos tothe illae of ydenam, nd aoutialf smnile fromn the sta- room wit a cmplte arangmen of omesic ffices amlile stabling, square. TORWOOGD, Surrey.-Messrs. Her-ring and Soii Nare directed to LET on LEASE a very desirable and commodious RESIDENCE, pleasantly situate in Thurlow-parLt containing eight excellent airy b)ed roomis,d(ressing rooms, and water-closet,capital dining and drawvinz rooms, spacious entrance-hall and portioo, well arranged domestic offices, lawvn and garden, Apply at Messrs Herring and Son's, 109. Fleet-street. - TULSE-HILL.-Messrs. Herring and Son are diT recte-d to LET, Furnished, a. very desirable detached RESIDENCE, pleasantly situate, looking into Clarence-park. There are sevon bed rooms and dressing room, excellent drawiing and dining room,s. hall entrance, lobby, water-closet, convenient domestic offiees, walled garden, and pleasure ground. Applyv to Herring and Son. 109. Fleet-street. ORE-LA-NE WVEST, Brixton.-Funrsished.- A Messrs Herring and Son have tlo LET, for a few nionths, ia detachied RESIDENCE, elegantly Furnished. containing four bNAi rooms and dressing roomn, drawing room and dfining rGoom, entrancehail, &o.. good dome~stic oTfices and collaring, lawn and garden. Apply to Messrs. Herring and Son, 109, Fleet-street. PENGR, St-irirey, about a mnile from the Sydenhaiii _Pand Amerley Stations, on the Brighton Raflvwny.-T be haLT, wvith early posssession, a comfortable FAXMIY RESIDE-NCE, in, the above delightful neighbourhood, within 20 minute' ride of the city. and only a shiort walk from the Crystal Palace. It contains smifiCient acowmmodation for a moderate-sired fainaly ; two-stalled stable, coachhoume and offices, lawn and pleasure garden, productive kitchen gardeni,and rich meadowv land, the whole containinig niearly nine acres. May be viewed by cards, to be had, wvith particulars, of lIessrs.Norton, Hoggart, and Triat, 629, Oldl Broad-street, Royal Exchange. maIE LYNDFORD-HEALL ESTATE, Norfolk.- JLTo bSOLD by AUCTION, in the maonth of Mlay next, at thne Auction MKart, London, the above valuable FREEEEOLD ESTATE, the favourite sporting residence of the late Sir RichaTd Sutton, Barit, comsprisingthsehall and nearly the entire parishes of Lyisdford, Mundford and Cranwich, containing upwards- of 5,000 acres of land, in a ring fence, together with the advowson of Munilford. The ertate abounds with game, and has long enjoyed the deserved repu. tation of being one of the beat sporting properties in the k-ingdom. Particularsiwill appear in future advertisements. Furfurther information apply at the button Estate office 5. Bolton-street, Piccadilly. London ; or at Messrs. Vescyand Son's, landagents, Haiton, near Splisy, LincohLshire. F REHOLDGROUND, Fte-ae--TeCm F miEssionHers Lof'Sewers of the City of London hereby give notice that they will meet in the Gufldhaul of the said city, on Tuesday. the 29th of April next, at 12 o'clock at noon precisely, to receive PROPOSALS for TAR ING on BUILDING LEA-SE, for Sdpyear., certain. PLOTS of GROUND, situdate at the south-east end of Fetter-lane, Further particulars may be had, and a plan seen, on application to Mlr, Ha ywood. enlgineerto the Cominissioners, at thes offices in the Guildhball. Tte Commnissioners wil require a plan and elevation of the premises proposed to be built to be submitted to themi for approval, and do not bind themselives to accept anly proposal unless deemed adva tag ousJOS PH flAW.1 S,ewers Office,J6ul1hl, March 4th, 185. ESTABLISHED 70 YEARS.-To Furihg E24Undertalkers and Funeral Carriage Proprietoa-By odro h Executors of MTr. J. EL Powell late of Little Britain, Aldersgatestreet, deceaseJ.-To be SOLD, by Private Contract, this valuable oldestablished BUSINESS, commandingly situate in this dentselypoeru lated ileighsbourhood, immediately opposite the east entrance of St. Bartholomnew'sHospital. The stock comprises the usual description of linngs funitre,fixurs, aidutesil; asoan entirely new patent chaedWItHor wihotthtbsness For cadBoL view applyctorJames Nsmace Offices and Public Comipanies.-Messms BUTCH'Eft have the honour to announace, they ame instruct-ed by tile Governor of the Bank of England to SELL, by Private Contract, the valuable andI substantiaily-built RESIDENCE and OFFICES, situate in Queenstreet,' Norwich, for many years used as a Branch Establishment of tha Bank of England, and now in the occupaion of Edward Smythi, Req.;comprising, in the basemrent, superior dry arched cellars,with lire-proof closet, &o. ; on the ground dloor, an entrance hall and lobby, porter'si room, large room formerly used as the bank, with bank parlour. fitted -with iron safety closet, servants' hall, kitchen, cooks' pantry, brew-heuse, and other offices;. on the first floor. capi tal drawing roomn. dining room, library, butler's pantry, and store closet, bed rooin and water-closet; and on thie upper floor, five good bed rooms. dressing room, and closet:. at the rear of the house is a targe coal-house, a-ilat other offces, and a good garden, with commnmication therefrom to Prlinces-sTreet. The estate is all freehiold. and possession miay be hadl on completion of the purchase. The auctioneers particularly request the-attention of public comp5nies to the above property, athaving been fitted up regardfless of coat, and ist admirable central situntion renders it exceedingly desirable for the establishment of any public oftice.- Theatre-street, Norwich, April 1856. -ITAIaUABLE FREBEHOLD ESTATES and V GROUND RENTS, Bermondsey andI Croydon.-To be SOLD by AUCTON, ursant o anOrdr ofthe ighCourt of Chancery, insa caus "Mlthyandothrs v Gry an oters' with the appirobation of Vie-Chncelor Sr RihardTuri Kinerae,teudeo hs Coutte sidcase s ttahe, y M. HOMS OH ISIIES theaucionerappintd fr he urpse,attheAcinMr,Bthoomw-lne ner heBan o Enlad.onWensa.te3t hold estatyea, Gra usell-street, aue rmnisey romprisng axtlargeositeofiground, ulpon whicharo builttupwvanrdnsof c40 cdwelllinig-housres sitak of vwarehouses,manufactories. and other bueiteum premises and i-rda.of the presumued value of £1l,400 per annumu; a3freehold rental of;83aa yiear, from threehonses. 47,4S, and49,inGreatRussell-street. audground in the rear : a freehold residence and extensive range of w.orkshops, warehouses, and other business premises,Nos. 45 and 46, Great Russelstreet, let to and oceupied by MIr. Paxton on lease, at the rent of £9;5 a year; a commodious fanily residence and offices, with large garden, sitisate at North-end, Croydon, near the railway station, let to lrr. DunkNi; alsoRthetwo adjoinnghousesfandpreises occupied.by 3r. Doughney and MUI Penson. The whole feehold and capalble of haprovement. The PremiSes maybe vievwedby permission ofthebtenants PrOnteWOparticulars and conditions of sale may be obtained of Myessrs. Scmeb Tentdale, and Sandilands, seldcitdrs, 33. Fenchurch-stweeth pessrs. Garrard and Jame, 13. Suffolk-street, Pall-mali; at the Blie Anchor, Russel-street, Bermondsey: atthe Grayhound, Croydon; and of the auctioneer, Mr. T. J. barnesi 9. Pir-hin-lane. Bombarcl-stret. RON fORaiS in AYRSHiRE, for SALE.-To be SOL.D, by PBL1'ICRlOIJP. within the Faculty Hall, St. Geor-ge'splace, Glasgow., upon Wednesday, the 7th of May, 1856, at 2 o'cloc'k in the aftecisoon (unless previously disposedof by privoteboarain), the IROw lWOacS, at Muirkirk andLugar. in the county of Ayr, conmnectes wth each other by pubidc raiway. The iron forksat Mruirgoirk compshend oie valunable mineral fields andjoining, held in lease by the prdpriethrs The coal field especialy is not only one of the best in pointofeuoitySbutone of thercheapestwroughtinScotland. There are tareeblast furnaces and a bar-iron work, mored by waster porer, aell in full operation, and fittedto produce S0 tonb of merchantbeer wveekly; a commdious manseon.honse, and a large extent of wtorktmen's houses, with all subsidiary aceommodation for carrying on the business of iron-making. Thisafield andwrorkoarewyell knownvto pro. duce the best qualityof pigand bar iron,andat arateas lowra any other work in ScoUland. The iron works at Lugar consiat of fourblast furnaces, three of which are at present in blst, and rirewiso connected ylth verY extensive and valuable mineral fields, held in leasefrom Sir James Bodielw. The blackandironstone is mnowutobeof thevery best &anaty. and is at lmreentraeldingan out-put of abeut sl00 tons monthly. Ther are mlutable oreas in all the leases. Tee manager's houseand orimen's houses are all newane,omlmodioks. B,oth work are situate ontheGlasgowvand Sou-Western tailv-ay, wheewbythey have a direct communicationwith the ports of Ayshire, wvith England, and wth Glasgow. The freights from the ,Arshzire ports to L.iverpool, Belfast, &c., are in general moderate. These vorks usilibe sold either together or separately. For further particulars Siiov to Mess. Altk:en and I,t'enrie, accountants, Glasgowv; Messes, '01alker an Melvifie, W.S. E5dinburgh; or Messrs Bagoalyne saud Iija}ood, wtegrs, .FUl~'SBURY.cIRCUS.-To be LET, a FA MILY JLI SIDECE, eplte wth e-ycnvenence ingood substan -iaz and oamenal reair, ithmmediate possession. For particul al apply to Joln Perm, hous agent, g1,Locn-a. OX~FORD-STREERT.-Commodious Pli-einiises.-Tar '3be LKI'. aLnd possession bad in a few weeks, txoellet and eonrenen PRl ES, wel adapted for any business where a gOAd siVtuationandroom are required. Apply at 4b3,New Oxford-street. SURI£EY.-To be LET, at Epsot, a Senti-detacioecd rooms, andL five bed rooms, with garden, and a~ll requlsite offies, Rent £50. Near the railway station. Apply to Messrs. Chuttr, homse agents,. Eteom. NI& D lS.-T eSL,a groud ret oe ofthes beutifl MASIOS, wth tabling_ cmmnanding beautifol view, of Kensington zardens anid the park. Plart of the purchase money can remain on Mortgage. Apply to Mr. IDonaldson, estate agent. 1, Langham-plimc. YLIDE-PARK-GARDEX&-.To be LET, ~for thre-c Lior four months, or for & year, or longer, a handsomely F8-Rit NISHED) MANJION with aUbinblg. situate as above. Apply to Mr. Donaldson, estate agent, 1, Lancham-place. OUTHSEA.-Sea-bathing, Yachting-, &e.-To bke )JLET, Furnishedl, for the season or for a term, a spacious andl ha-2d-. someOS, adapted for a large establishmeut, p leasantly situ,te. nea SHouthvieMa-cosmmun, with view of the Solent, sblpping, &c. F og particulars apply to B. X., 13. Portland-terrace, South.-a. _pICCADILL-Y, near Park-lane.-HOUSE to ba LET Fnnised,fitfori--edlate occupation.,overlooking tho Green-park, BuckIncham Palace, and commanding views of the Sarrea hil,. Rent mde-rate. Apply at Mrt. Rearden7s estate offiets, 1~1. IPiccadilly, or 15, New Bond-street. IrNIG O -AR E S-ob LET,ele-andry Fuamisbed, asnperior fitted up FASULY HOtiSE. in the' inaLnediate vicinity, with hot and cold baths, und garden attached. Apply to Idr. Green auctioneer, &c., 17, Upper Soutliwick-street, Cambritige. square. 1ION'TAGU-SQUARE.-To be LET, Furnished, 3iLfrom the 17h initant to the 2Gth of August, or to the end 4or November, a capital FA2-dtLTY1HOUSE, well Furnished. in thi squa:re, at a moderate rent to a careful tenatit. Apply to lie. DonAL'in.o estate aget. 1. Langhiamoplaoa, Portlan:d-place. HOUNSLOW STATION.-To be LET, a semai- detached IRESMDENCE, in Bath-road near Hounnalow Sistion. containiuglairge drawing and diuingroonia.four (two large) bed rooms, kitchien, &c., wvith larTge garden, stent, £1 per annum. Taxesi-tse low. Apply toV. J. Molt, sq, anlicitor,Chatliam-place, Blackriirs. TdE B,Srrey.To beLET, aSITTING ROOM,4i S oleroomis,themseof ldtchen, with ne,essar ounv-enicece;, Guildford, Surrey. DORTLAND-PLACE.-FURNISHED F-AMIL-Z L RSIDEN CE of the first class, with extensirve Stabling, to bo LET, for three or four months, or for a year or lonjger, situate in Portland-Place. Extensive stabling and offices for a large establishment,% Apply toldr. Donaldson, estateagent,I, Laugham-place. ('iAMIDEN.ROADIT ILLAS, Hollowav, Hihgbgte, H- 1ornsey and Vicinities.-Parries wisbhig to ILTJItCkiAbE or REN'T HOUSE PROPERTY in these desirable situatdions will save much time and inconvenience by applying to Mr. Abraham B3ootb, auetionieer and house agent. 1, Carlton-bili Villas, Caniden-road, oppoEita thelBreckuockArms. luformation freecof charge. Ters treeguiea a eek or100gunea th yer.Apply to 1, V., ~UFFOLK-Tobe LET, Furnished, aitthe exceeding 10low rant ef LIOper annum, a comfortable Ot AG,paen aL pretty village. near a church, and one mile from a goad tewvn sad a railway station. The homse contains two sitting and four bed rooms, kitchacn, &c. If desired,immediate posess%ion canlbe given. AlddeEst T~jATING.-FAILY ESIENCE to be ILT, LLunnrnshed coprisng rawig, inig, and breakfast rooms. fourpricipl cambrs, ithdresin roms.besides servants' seemns, convnien ofices andlare an prouctve grde, situate in the m.ost sheterd artof asing. i.py t Mssr. crivens and Ycang, W ~IMEILEDON.-To be LET,Funmished, for twe, YVmonths. a delightfully-situate and nearly-new semi-detached VILLA RESIDENCE, containing dininkg and drawing rooms, four bed rooms and a dressing room, convenient ofiucer, and a good gardlen. Abouthalf amile from the railway station. Apply to Ir. Townsend. Wimnbledon. D OWATEHILLIMPOVEEN'T.-To be LDETC, bsTender in itswo osn baButifldimngese fo SOgh Iccs, tis dxest,irabhle dge entrane, o beringe adaptead frta pblicg.-hoursiaende lot prse forute retion ofnfics orootherse.d roomsp tands.upartirirs adformesi offitendeFrap plyicuatrth office tof Mesr.s. CRbeit, acAdtec, hailtonethe anth dayuof April, 185m, a1r2o'lock an prciely. r-srt Chelsea. .Ufrihd~noIdtceR S O' PNC-E tNDin Hinistsown Seutifulgrounso begh LE crev ineTent, -HUF n with loghnrne araedieandstabmng mo her rsiedenc copries ourrecetio roms,10 ed ooms,e adirc sperioo dometicoffies.For artculas aply ingMssr.oni tandAdms.Th TTAOWNPTOND COnRTto SurreON.-To be LET, JLLeter1 mse DELN HoUS anunished, a weidthchandsm REoDErN plaegls rn,situate ii- iven thebes part- of t'he abv town,on, Dthe irect droaw the rao, iway ron, and abot inemile from thed romK (aingstn utaes Tht hbsco),ntaesinsgreebeadrvems.sitteing enroom,icen,stcuiery, 'chellr and2oga grde dote river,endtsallmbtderyte commandinglashop. Erd to0 pier annm pply toW.rJh Da.sn lrandan, auctionee andfhoues agEtntTowns-TaendSury,Kinstn. aloog-labes 9 a-n HAMPOI CUTNTTGN-To be LET,m-ihdfotre,s, eoither furnihshe ar suprnishrd aVsemi-eace RESIDEINN(elce a'cL situteithn fie mnoe' wlk o th abveith ation,ycontaining dras ing oom diingroo, ad lbray, lvebedrooms, (making chup erig nedR.anddrssNg room,pndorta BUnveIeNtoESti oRffIes;icen toviw aply t Mr Joh Dai-so, l odfan tautionw11c,aKington-i A RGL LSH.To e.-ob LET unsEd,a fOranthree,si,, ornsin. mon the, sup eri3or tIsLAR0SDEANCKVIEL(detaced an. secude), n dr sol. ixmilafrm twn wiutherila and omnibusn pleasre gounds garens,orchad, cach-ouse, stgbingenanrI. ltg entrace fo man-ervat, an the e of itde bey cows, and poltry. Forparicuarsandcars t viw aplyto esrs clscuienad eck.Th B ltIGHTON.-Deanpotnd AUSINESS PREM1SE, to beLET,in te prncipl throug fare ofthuren and wifEthi mnodrnplte-lassront ancapialdwllg- fasesval. theidoin. b fonning iept reomsfiveo noprdinciary charctr nTeyare rairltm.n lanty adpedxsv ofoa drapler,1 uphltrer,tn rparovisionlmrshtnl Full priuas.myt band fM.Ewrs auctioneer ancLme .d' esat aIGenT,07 RiUZZARosD,BigTon. E,i ti ~Ji pleaanty situate and i co nFuenclsed Thrm e hak ouse tho 1 m a21reomstachd garden washig-hue and other conveniences . r,o athor hose is newoad supplief ad widsothwvater,bTh,e, FOrcfurpier wil arctbIncanApplylt trgroW and LaRence, wrciters, 6.OldBrad-tcn. %hr Blastandign evaionsa own grounds,ihcoc-os and fPriuas otatisiLdhe remar,to eLT, uofuron(Inished The suErior Ifurn desitre and lfe I , a whSIchDErCE.made erslyn fo thd lrate rownerb ad fihrst-at Lpeadoi t~loalatwerny ad peshortie si7once, may behd aitla fairsameationt hod vloia commandxesv seae o oramnda landr views handck roriss theor, nbules rocntry. ros,x fied princpalan three secvug om, ndar chrai eec, dentachexclusiv ofd stablm, £1d5 pert annum. Fovr faullary, ictulasnsppl toom wir. edwards, wautiner;oh and esaeagdent,'s107,s aiAg-2,,d JLFL EI rHToNd etfr.T bUZZ R LET, eLT inh mmcUtei psteI:n. bt.arient town,D yevr terabopegoraned subtatlly-built ROUtES.lo mlasaniy siteate wcuitnaneoed bafmiyo sterrcewtior, cot i iiainingI ,a. bav roomsneac-sgoo plaraigte aoad othery conveniienctes;go glar.Tne ands ecellnstso drainage,state diniy nero therchurc hrr, antiaot mdLa minues walk from tbare railway, station. Thulery gasd nisidron.ads istagood suppl ofve harl-toand sfrat watr.dThe and permweqi htt thoa London. fapply. toW. patc.uReed architect M4,Old Brod-treto, Everyn planscan Delevtions, mayd9 Wltbesn,andlfullc partmicularsband milewes of ondn.-TbeLT olEShooteiralleT berll to a lwn andpleasre gronds, tuddedwith andsom nnlgtrees, n btespatry, mUsi anbdarhms. three shervats r s Iad urery idetaceSoacrnd stale-ard ith dalofsoer aay n is~nt prodctie giarden haThyvnewgbpurhoos ami grvet.l soi; teo whole nearly fivuartes. ariclaApply to Mr. Moo,50-yr andaution, r, 3,S . aCTmspae Torrfington-srquace. ss rr.GW'T,; Thlncey, FORDe-squreoLnotns-ien ote ey-tet CJ Loer-rAdN, Bepfrkt-MO b LT with imme iatelesoion2 at. acrent of£0 lan.i ya r,th aboe-named exclelletniterESIDENCE, os mfgany, year ocuped t by aET faiyofa itencton. Iteais ositat Iif. hepaltyloality withi made haf5 minoefr'id byi ta"iol of Lodnbridge, thaveingomllntibsespsing Tchosedee evry ourdur-ingrthe Slay.TtOy hoSftet cossso; rwo n dini ngTo.I fe y1 room.; pbrlor.lirry,6fezb and 1',;v e sino.n bed I rooms, lagektchen dairy, soith icryt ani od Natueron h 01141, atching and. lawn, garellsoce frith gardcen an tevery dributlIe- frh offic. Detfor, an9. Whtehal-plce, eotninser.a.'btbi.. CHEdSotHIthExtnsVeastables CahhusWm,ocary d.oyhnd gareno anfi14 ares f nindo, amle, nd pstuef land,~ and the rigto teH -hlEsaeiswlwothe h teninoprsns f 5-0-h large nd smll caital.It ispartinlarl sute,o u Ydn asresd The w,ateris=preanndabundant,the soil fertile the air salubirin ne the situation comnsavr xtensive and delightful prosptcrt for manymiles round. The!re is arapid and increasing demani forcoutt-,go property, in consequence of the great increase in cotton saniif.-c-. ture inth neighbourhood, andl a considerable pact of the firc-pexty iwelsitd to that description of buildling. The mneans of trasc itby water for manufacturing purpoees are Of easy access, sad tLl.o distance fromnthe PrestburyRatiway Station isa drive of a few innIes on1ly, Thu minces of coal under the estate are of a very superivr l-. scription. and the stone is of the qsiality k-nowin as the " Kirid_o Quarries." To be SOLD by AUCTION, pursutant to an Order of lass High Court of Chancery, mnade in a cause ' 'Broiler v. B. oter," ITy Mr. CHARLES ROBERT BRADY. at the ItaooleEsiled Arm, fann at Sfacclesfield, on Wednesday the 25th day of Mlay. 115, at2 c'cl"ck in the afternoon precisely, in iots, that is to say :-Lr,tI. A FAR-U. called Shrigley Tenement, in Bollington. in the county of Chester, ceotaining 7a. 2r. Sp. of land, with house and suitable outbuildings:- letat ayearly rent of 23. Lot2. AFarm, called Holiin Hall, inhe.llimiton aforesnid, containing 28a. Or. 3Op. of land, with house and rnitallo outb)uildings, let at ayearlyrcent of £91. Loll. SeveralPieeesct L-%n,el in Boltiugton aforesaid, celled the Engine Field, the Bottoms, sad Itho Owlers, containing 5a. Or. 1Op. of land; let at a yearly rent of £C-912 ls 6d. Lot 4. A Field. called Knowle Field. in Bollingisen aforesaid, containing 4a. Dr. 25p. of land; let ala yearly rsnt of 9. LotB. Seven Cottages and garsdeLs, situate in Stokehouse, End-lane, in Bollinslon aforesaid, let at a yearly rent of £20. Lot 6. A rieldI and Stone Quarry'in Bolliagton aforesaid, containing 2s. Ir, 27p. of land le al yerlyrental of £22. Lots 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13. U- 1l~. 16, 7. 8, nd 2, Tirten several chief rents, arising ou-. of lasid i7a Bolln~onafoesad,together with several pieces of vaeant 3am,d adjinig, uchchif rntsbeing the annual value of £3-6 Is. Old. Iet 19.A ciefren fo apool or reseroir of water in Bohinzton aforesaid oftheannul vlueof £10; also a small piece of land adjoinilig From ach o theboveltaalniineof calnd othermi3r eraleiro excpte. Lth.Allth coal ligunderthe before-na.med proeerly, extndig oer n aeaof 25 acre, containing one minel4feet th-wk. andthre lsse mies,of each 13 inches thick or thereabouts. with al righin and privileges of boring sinking and otherwise, working or etig the same on any part of'the aforesid lands. Printd P&are-4 Ciarsnd plans maybe had gratis -upon personal application only, isa London, of Messrs Keightiey, Cunliffe, and Beaumont, solicitors 41, Chancery-lane IMe. N. 0. Mdilne, solicitor, Temple ; Messrs Swettirng and yrn, shcitrs.cotampon-bailing: ad in the country. of Mesrs.Brokleursa ad Bgsbw, oliitos,Macclesfield : dr.. Samul Aiawoth, olictorMacceafild;Mr. hares Robeet Br.eiy,. aucioeer Sockor; t theplae:f ale;ad of Messrs Tbc,i-s. ohester. Plaintid's Solicitrr.
MOMTY-MABKBTanxd CITYINTELLIGENCB. Saturday Evening. There has not been much business to-day in the English funds, and the Bank return showing the bullion to have been seduced to a lower amount than at any period since 14&7, when the rate of discount was at 8 per cent., prevented any tendency to revival from the recent dulness. Consols for money, which left off yesterday at 93 to A, ranged during the day between 92D and 93s, and the last quotations were 93 to i for money, and 93i to A for the 8th of May. Bank Stock closed at 2131 to 2146 ; Reduced, 914 to 92; New Three per Cents., 92J to S3; L;ong Annuities, 3 3-16; India Stock, 227 to -230; India-bonds, 9s. to 3s. discount; E xchequer- bonds, 9Sas tow~; and Exchequer-bills (March) ls. to 3s. premaium, (June) 3s. to ls. discount. There wias an active demand for money in the discount market, chiefly for the repayment of advances due at the Bank of England. The operations in foreign securities have not been extensive, but quotations on the average continue to be fairly maintained. Purchases of Turkish Six per Cents. were made ait 93 and 97Z- ex. div. for money, and 9S, OS , and I for the account. The guaranteed Four per Oents. were negotiatedat 1011 and d. The other transactions comprised-Ecuador New Consolidated, 15-.'; Grenada, New Active, 214 - the Deferred, 71; Mlexican 22A- and A; Peruvian Three per Cents., 54; Russian :Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95 and O-; Sardlinian Five per Cents., 'Jo and OP:; Spanish Certificates, at per cent.; and Dutch Tvo-and-a-pHalf per Cents., 64. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 73f. 30c. for money, and M3f. 85c. for the end of the month, showing a reaction of an eighth. The Ctnard steamer Persia -was announced to-day with 11, ,OOO. from New York, and is stated to have performed the passage in 9 days, 12 hours, and 7 minutes, being six hours less than the fastest ever made. It was mentioned on Wednesday that an annual general meeting of the Deposit and General Life Assurance Company had been held on the previous day, at which the directors deemed it expedient to avoid publicity. Although anxiouLs on that occasion to prevent the presence of independent reporters they have since thought it desirable to incur great expense in the publication of a report framed by themselves. This chiefly consists of a series of inflated and complimentary speeches as to the thriving condition of the concern, one gentleman predicting that the company would ultimately be second to none in London, and another assuring his hearers, notwithstanding the recent developments in the case of the Protestant Life-office, that old companies are not so safe as young onies. The fact appears to have been that a report drawn uip by their own auditors was rejected at the instance of the directors, together with a statement, by wlhich it was accompanied, of the finances of the company, and that a report of the directors of a more pleasant character was substituited. As a natural consequtence, the intractable auditors were got rid of before the .termination of the meeting. The nature of their report is not explained in the lengthy advertisement devoted to the flattering expressions of the various speakers, and it is fair to infer that the exclusion of reporters was also resolved upon in order that it should not see tile light. The auditors, however, in their own justification, 3s well as in fulfilment of their duty to the assurers, have transmitted it for publication with the following letter. If the directors can controvert its allegations they shall have every onportunity of doing so, and the company will then take its proper stand before the public. The sole object of the appointment of auditors is to provide that some persons independent of the directors should pledge themselves to the accuracyof the accounts submitted, and when it is found that their statements are suippressed and rejected at the instance of the very parties uipon whom they are intended as a check all sense of security must be weakened. In the present case there is, apart from this circumstance, enough to call for more than ordinary vigilance since it is understood that the late 3r. John Sadleir was a trustee of the company, and that MIr. Clement Sadleir retired from the post of managing director only a short time previously to the death of his brother. Should these circumstances, together with the details in the auditor's report, prove to be beyond contradiction, it may be a point for consideration whether the advertisement just puit forth by the directors would not furnish grounds for the most severe leg,al proceedings on the part of any one who might suffer damage from being misled by it s " 26, Mdilk-street, April 12. "Sir,-Wlien I E2W the paragraph in your city article of Wednesday last, announcing that the Deposit and General life-ofice deemed it expedient to avoid giving publicity to the proceedings of their general mceting, I was somewhat surprised, as Usaw two reporters sitting at the t-able and taking notes of the proceedings. My surprise is, however, set at rest by the advertisement in Tl'e 272mes of to-day, which purports to give an account of that meeting. Sir, I hesitate not to say that an advertisement niore calculated to mislead the public never appeared. Twelve months ago I was appointed one of the auditors of this company (without any solicitation on my part), in conjunction vwith a gentleman connected with another insurance company. In accordance with that appointment I prepared the accounts and report, with which I herewvith furnish you, and which the directors refused to publish. " The accounts are made out from the company's books, and I defy them to question the correctness ofone figure. The auditors called upon the directors to publish those accounts and report, and to send a copy to each of their shareholders, in obedience to the act of 'arliament. This they have not done, but have published and circulated a report of their own,with another version of the accounts. You, Sir, can see at a glance which is the correct account, but, if the directors were so sure of their position, what need was there for refusing to publish the report of the auditors: If they are safe, concealment is the worst policy? " I attended the meeting, and at some length pointed out the true position of the company, and pledged myself for the sake of the policy-holders to publish the accounts. That pledge I have kept by sending a copy to the Registrar of Joint-Stock Companies and to the leading journals. I repeat to you, Sir, what I stated at the meeting, that I have no other feeling in the matte- than that garbled and insproper accounts should not go f,,-th to the wvorld, and I am d}esirous that the public should feel some confidence in audits when they see the names of public accotuntants attached to the acconnts. " The company in question has expended in four years in working ex enses 30,S:391., in dividends to shareholders i,0n1Jr,m losses and deaths 11,85.5., while their whole earnings have been 16,'.3G.,-they owe to creditors (apart from shareholders) 1r,oG1, with a banker? balance of 3701. Their policy risks amount to 172,000?., and there is no reterve to meet them. " You, Sir, and the public can understamid these fi-tres v-ithott arny coultrent of mine. The directors say they have an uncalled-up capitdl of S0,0001.-jf they have, and it is avaiIable, why do they not call it upi? "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "K. CALrxTERIs, Public Accountant." -Annexed is the auclitor-s' Report:- "TO 1 IIE SUIAP.E5cOLDERS OF TIIE DEPOSIT AND CESERAL LIFE ASSURUANCE CO3Ii'ANY. 'Gentlernren,-In accordanee with the act of Parliament under wvhich your company is incorporated, we have imilutely examined vour accounts and in(quiired inlto the state of your affairs, and no%v present you wvith the followIg as the resullt of ouir investigation. * Hitherto it has been the practice of yomu company as well as of many others to publish only a state-ment of reeeipts and expeinditure for each financial year, which account is, in reality, of little or no assistance in erabling the proprietors to arrive at a knowledge of the true financial condition of the undertaking, but, oni the contrary, is s imethmes calelulated to mislead; we have therefore prepared the following statements. which we beg to submiiit as part of our report:- " 1. A revenue and outlay account from the commencement of the companyto the 31st of Deceimiber last, the date to vwhich your accounts arc broug ht up. " 2. A general balance sheet showing- the position of thme company as at thme 31st of December last. *-i. A statement of imnuediate assets and liabilities. "From the revenue account it will be seen that there exists a deficiency of income to meet expesises, and losses amountin, to the large sum of :32,841t. s. 8dl., and that no provision has been muade for the current risks under policies amounting to 172,0001.; and, moreover, that by the plan of your company a portion of the premiums already received and expended are liable tol be demaiided to be returned at any moment. " We observe that the sum of 1,09 Ri. 9s. 10d. has bcen paidto the proprietors as dividends; notwithstanding that, not only has no surplus accrued in any one year since the establishment of the company, but, on the contrary, each year has shown a considerable balance against the comlan. "'We also observe, and camnot too strongly deprecate, tfc system by which tile loaning operations of thie company have been carried on; it appears to have been the practice of your directors to advance money not by the usual cuitom of employing the surplus legitimate ftunds of the coinpany, but by the fictitious means of discounting wvith their bankers the bils aild notes given by the borrowers and their swreties; in this way the sum of 2,573?. 12s. Gd. is now tniler qdiscount. "W e consider it only due to the directors to say that the company must long, since have ceased operations, if the directors had not from time to time made large cash ad. vances to carry on the business and meet suich a heavy expenditure. A charge of 719l. Ss. Sd. appears as interest paid on.advances to the company during the past year alone ; the working expenses have been materialy reduced by abolishing the e,xpensive, and in this instance useless, office of a managing director, but, notwithstanding this reduction, the expenses arc considerably in excess of what the income of yoar company will justify. The shareholders will perceive that, leaving altogether out of the account their own canitil, which bLni been expended, they owe 17,S4l?, 8s.10d., 'while their total assets of every description amount only to 1 6860L 13s. 5d., out of 'which sum 5,1S41. 14s. 3d. is unavailt*'tWe strongly recommend the proprietors immediately to take into their serious consideration the propriety of either caling up more capital and discharging the present liabilities or speedily disposing of their business to some other office. "We give it as our opinion, that until your companyhave discharged their liabilities and are in possession of funds to meet their current risks, they are not justified in issuing any new policies. We urge this the more strongly as by the constitution of your company the policy-holders, who are so largely interested, have at present no voice in the managemeat of the company. " we are, gentlemen, your obedient servants, "HIENRY CHATTERIS, Publib Accountant, I " 26, Milk-street, Auditors. "ED31U.'D CLarrcaI, 127, Cheapside." J The railway meetings of the week have not been numerous, but they have presented some facts of interest. The report of the Great WVestern of Canada Company has been adopted, and a dividend has been declared at the rate of 8 per cenit. per annum. The questionl connected with the restriction of the expenditure of capital upon the undertaking was again brought under consideration. The wvorks of the Geelong and Melbourne Raihvay are making satisfactory progress, and the line generally is so far advanced that it is expected to be opened for traffic in the course of the summer. Another adjournment of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton meeting has taken place, the report of the Committee of Investigation not having yet been completed. At the meeting of the Lyons and Mediterranean Company the report was agreed to, and a dividend was declared of 73f. per share for the year, independently of the interest of 13f. per share on the amount paid up. The result of working, the line at present being 1unfinished, is considered very satisfactory. The specie arrivals of the week, including the aiim by the Persia to-day, have amounted to about 650,0001. The exports are estimated at about 300,0001. It appears that all the ratifications of the treaty of peace are expected at Paris by the 25th inst. The celebration of the event in London will, it is said, be deferred tiU the following month, -when the advantage will be enjoyed of a later period of the spring. The Queen's birthday is named as the day likely to be selected, but it is not known whether by this is meant the 24th, which is the actual birthday, or the 29th, which has been announced as the date at which it is this year to be kept. The 24th falls on a Saturday, and to many persons a holyday woiuld, therefore, be more acceptable then than on any other day in the week, since it would afford two consecutive days for visiting London on the one hand, or the country on the other. The selection of a Friday, however, would .probably be still more popular, since a large nuiuber of persons are now able to absent themselves from business on Saturdays, and in this way they woulld be able to secure an interval of three days. The railway companies are considerably interested in the question, since the extent of traffic, which is; likely in any case to be extraordinary, will be much modified by the period of time that can be made available. It was annoumced yesterday evening that the second reading of the bil of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, with respect to foreign fire insurance companies, is postponed till Monday. The Mbanchester, Liverpool, and Glasgow petitions on the subject, which are stated to have been signed by most of the leading bankers, merchants, and manufacturers at those places, will then be presented. The meeting of the Royal West Inclia Mail Steam Company on Thirsday, at which a bonuis of 51. per share was voted by the proprietors against the recommendation rf the Board, vho vished to limit it to 21., has been followed by the resignation of the whole of the old directors. Subjoined is the circular in which they have announced tlis intention.- "TO TISE PROPRIETORS OF TIIE ROYAL MAIL STEAM- PACKET COMPANY. d 5a , d oorgate-street, London, April 11. Ladies and Gentlemen,-It is our duty to inform you that, althounh the report presented by us at the general meeting of tne shareholdeis which took place yesterday was carried by a large majority of the proprietors present, yet, on a demand for a ballot, this decision was reversed by a majority of 47 votes,-being the result of 431 votes by proxy, wvhich one or two proprietors had obtained previously to the issue of our report ; and whicb, from the necessity under the by law, that proxies should be presented at this office one vweek before the general meeting, were, of course, executed by parties who had not the opportunity of either hearing the grounds upon vwhich our report was adopted, or even reading the report itself. " With a view of obtaining for the whole body of shareholders the advantage of being made fully acquainted with the merits of the controversy between the directors and the party opposing them, an adjournment of the meetingwas proposed for that purpose; but notwithstanding that this reasonable proposition was carried by a majority of those present, the parties possessing the proxies above adverted to demanded a ballot, and declared their intention to avail themselves to the full extext of the power thus obtained, in our opinion, on erroneous ex parte statements. " The scrutiny at the ballot exhibited this peculiar state of things-viz., that the whole strength of the party opposing the board of directors, wlith the exception of 3S votes, consisted in the proxies, which, as stated before, were obtained previously to the issue of the report. " It is quite obvious that, as the bylaws required that proxies should be lodged at this office one -week before the general meeting, the directors had no opportunity of either asking or obtaining proxies in support of their report from the large body of shareholders, and more particularly from those, consisting of 146 proprietors holding 349 votes, who have taken no part in the present proceedings. " This state of things we extremely regret; but it will be observed that it hlis been brought about by the fact already alluded to, that proprietors, holding 431 votes, *without waiting to learn what the directors proposed, or to hear what vwas to be said on both sides of the question, have been pleased to support, by their proxies, propositions which virtually recommend a system to be adopted for the management of the affairs of the company totally at variance with that which the directors consider necessary for the persanent security and safety of your property. U under such circumstances, it is our unsaunous opinion that there is but one course for us to pursue-viz., to place our seats in the (drection at your disposal "While communicating this resolution to you, it is satisfactoly-to us to be enabled to state, that the position of the company. as regards the efficiency of its fleet and the stability of the finances, has never been, since the formation of the company, in a more satisfactory condition than at the present time. " It will be necessary to call a general meeting for the election of new directors at as early a period as the bylaws of the company wfill admit, in order to fill up the vacancies in the direction caused by the retirement of " Your obedient humble servants, "JOsIe SIHEPH1ERD, " CHARLES E. MANGLES. " .TJiOMAS BARING, " TalosoAS MASTERALMN. " RUSSELL ELLICE, " HENRY NELSON, " GEORGE HLRBERT, " CHARLES WILLIAM SIIORT. " JoiN IRVISG, "W WILLL&37 G. H. WInSI." The annexed information -with regard to the progress of Englishl mining adventure is condensed from the 1AiiMiRg .Journal " The mining share-market continues in a dull and depressed state, vith a preponderance of sellers. At Rosew'arne United meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 1,35GI.; a dividend of 21. per share was declared. The net profit on the two months' worklng was 9G05. Thne Eyam company have declared a dividend of lOs. per share. At Alfred Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favourof the mine of 2,0021.; a dividend of 35s. per share was declared, and an available balance of 7221. carried to the credit of next account. At South Tamar Consols meeting the accounts showled a balance in favour of the mine of 2,40l.; a dividend of 5s. per share was declared, and anavailable balance of 1701. carried to the credit of next account. At North Frances mine meeting'the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mines of 469!. At Tincroft meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of ,732. A 5t treyo n e C onsols meeting t+he accounts showed a m h atetent min aofmts. t Wet aaCollacoinbe mneet. of ccontsshoed baance of 3941. At Uew tIitedll;e meeti mg t he acccountss slo i ablne favour of the adveniurers of 1521 . ; a call of 6s. per share was made. ltt li eal Gihmar mee ting the accounts showed a bbalance against the mine of 709t. At Cargohl meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 9161.; a call of .3. per share was made. At *Wheal Tremayne meeting the account showed a balance wagainst the mine ofl,0911. At C warnew as meeting the accounts show e ed a b alance aginstthe adventurers of 771.; a call of 2s. Cd. per share was ma de. AtRlihiedol meeting the accouistsshsowed a balance against the mnine of 4611. At East Tautiar Consols meeting the ac- counts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1 oO.. ; a call of Is. (;d. per share was aade. At Ivybridg o meeting the accouints showed a balance against the adventurers of .:isooi. ; a call of (s. Cd. per share was aade. At Duke of Cornvall meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour ofothe mnine of 111l. ; a call of 11. pei' sbare was dade. At Deviock Wood meeting the accounts showed a balance agagist adventureis of 161. per share; a call of 1 1. per share was made." With respect to foreign mining there is nothing voa-tlsy of extract. Tue Emigration Commissioaiers have advertised for ve slsc] to carry emigrants to Geelong and Perth, to he ready for passengers between the 26thl of May nd d the o 2d of June, as 3hall be hereafter deteriniied.
R1L WAY AND MIXING SHARES. Saturdcay Evening. The railway market bas not experienced much fluctuation during the day, the operations having been comparatively limited. Indian descriptions were well supported, and there was increased firmness in Great Luxembourg and Sambre and Aleuse. Miscellaneous shares exhibited steadiness, and there was a moderate amount of business transacted in them. Ottoman Bauk shares closed 1I to j pm.; Bank of Egypt, 1g- to i pm.; West; -n of London, 3} to 2}-dis. ; I.ondon and Paris, 3i to 2* dis.; Aliance, 1 to + dis.; National Discount Company, to pm.; r ssian Railway, 1 to ipm.; and iombardo:Venetian, 6i to 7 pm. ORflflsAY SHAx AI^D STOOXaP
RAIILWA Y INTELLIGEBCE. RATTWAY VTRAVW(PT The traffic returns of railways in the united kingdoii published for the week ending April 5 amounted to 391,4631., end for the corresponding week of 1855 to 377,7981., showing an increase of 13,0691. The gross receipts of the eight railways having their termini in the metropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 167,2261., and for the corresponding week of last year to 170,5S01., showing a decrease of 3,3541. The decrease on the Eastern Counties Railway amounted to 1,5341.; on the London and Black-al to 611.; on the London, Brighton, and South Coast to 1,9421.; on the London and SouthWestern to 1,36SI., and on the South-Eastern to 1,0121.; tetal, 5,9171. But from this must be deducted 1,0301., the increase on the Great Northern; 1,4091. on the Great Western; and 1241. on the London and North-Western; together, 2,561., leaving the decrease as above, 3,3541. The receipts on the other lines in the united kingdom amounted to 224,2371., and for the corresponding period of 1855X to 207,2181., showing an increase of 17,0191. in the receiptsofthoselines. Deducting the decrease on the metropolitan lines, leaves the total increase 13,6651., as compared with the corresponding week of 1355. The cause of the apparent decrease in the traffic on the metropolitan lines arises from'the fact that the coiresponding period of Last year was Easter week. ABE3RDEEN. The report of the directors of this company states that the accounts for the half-year have been made up in terms of the agreement between this company aud the Scottish afidland Junction Railway Company, whereby the gross revenue of the two companies is divided, 7-l0ths belongingto the Aberdeen Company and 3-l0thsto the Scottish MidlaudThe revenue account shows that 61,0151. had been received by the Aberdeen Company during the half-year ending the 31st of January last, and 33,9271. expended, leaving a balance of 27,088?. From this is deducted 14,2901. interest on debentures and loans, and 6,0461. rent of Arbroath and Forfar Railway, leaving G,7511. To this sum is added 2,5511., the balance from the preceding half-year, making a dispasable sam of 9,302?. The dividend on the 6 per cent. preferance stock, 8,3001., being deducted, leaves 1,002?. for the next account. The directors regret that, l.otwithstanding the very satisfactory increase in the sevenue of 7,9161., as compared with the corresponding 1' eriod of last year, there should be no increase in the surplus revenue, in consequence of the large increase in the working expenses. This increase has taken place chiefly in ihe locomotive department, where the excess of expenditur e *ver that of the corresponding half-year has been 3,6961. The increase under this head is partly accounted for by the rnavoidable extra cost incurred by the joint comanuies in carrying out the necessary arrangements for worLing the lines with their own rolling-stock, and in a still greater degree by the enhanced price of fueL The most serious item has been the cost of the heavy repairs required by the company's engines since they were taken over from the Scottish Central Railway Company. The-directors state that it is seldom a profitable arrangement for a company to allow ,he superintendence of its rolling-stock to pass into other hands, and it is only a ease of necessity, such as this company experienced in 1851, that would justify such a proceed~ng. They say that this fact is corroborated by the expe1ience in the present case. The engines are being got into goozi order, and the directors' instructions are that no expense or exertion be spared till this be effected. The engine pow~er of the two companies was not sufiicient for the traffic, and tntil new envines could be procured locomotives had to be obtained onThir to some extentfrom other companies. This hag also added considerably to the cost of working, but adlitional new engines have now been purchased, and those Ih.eld on hire re,turned. A4 comapied with the correspond- iag half-year there has been an increase in the expenses connected with the passenger, goods, and mineral departments of 1,0681.; in the account of general expenses, of 1,075!.; feu-duties, rates, and taxcs, 247&- and in interest account, 9142. together, 3,302. The total increase under the locomotive engine, carriage. and waggon working, and repairs is 3,8542.; but of this sum 4401. is for repairs to ergines and carriages damaged in July, 1855, and not properly chargeable to the past half-year. The traffic contines to be very satisfactory. The increase of revenue on the two linesforthe eight welk since the 31st of January over the same period of last sear amounts to 4,3391. The expenditure on capital accounts during the half-year amounts to 20,9982., of which 15,281Z. has been on account of new engines, 2,2361. on tools for workshops, additions to the buildinlgs, and 2,6051. on account of the new offices at the Aberdeen station. There is also an item, of S621. for additional wvaggos,s 70 of which have been purchased duing the half-year by the joint companies. F'ive new passenger engines and five new goods engines have been obtained, andthereare two passenger engines, contracted for, still to be delivered. The capital account shows that 1,793,3132. had been recedved, mncuding 71,022!. of 31 per cent, preference stock issued on account of arrears of dividen d due on the 6 mer cent. preference stock, and 1,867,6121. expended, including a similar amount of stock paid to the 6 percent. preference shareholders in lieu of deferred dividend warrants, leaving a balanceagiastcapitalof 74,2992. Itappearsfromthe accounts that 1,86,91S1. is the amount authorized by Parliament to be raised under the company's acts, andthat 1,807,2512. has been raised, leaving 59,6M6. as the amount not raised. The general revenue account shows a debt ,at it of 59,56912 to the 31st of October last, including 3,46/5. for arrears of dividend due on the 7 per cent. preference stock. The company have power to convert these arrears into a 33 per cent, preference stock . The traffic receipts durgu the half-year amounted to 4s. Xd. per train anile, and the expenses to 2s..3d., showfing a profit on the w.orking of 1S. 9;id. perauileprun. OSWESTRY AND NIEWTOWN On Friday an adjourned half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Welshpool, Sir W. W. Wynn, LP., in the chair. Mr. Stephens, the secretary, read thereport, which stated that theaccounts, made up tothe 31st of December, 1855, -ere simply a statement of cash received, praid, and in hand to that date. Since the last meeting of the shareholders a committeeof the directors has been engaged in a careful examination of the various bills for preliminary and Parliamentary expenses, twvo of wEich (theLondon bills) have been reported upon and paid, as per award, the result of the serutiny being, including the cost of award, a saving of about 1402. The country hills are now in course of examination and vdll be completed as soon as possible. The sealed share certificates areian course of preparation, and vill be issued to the respective shareholders at an early date. The total receipts, including 15,218. for deposits, amounted to 28,3591. The payments, including 18,7501 deposited with the Court of Chancery, and 5,0831. prelmiI nary and Parliamentary expenses, amounted to X,4671., leaving a balance at the bankers' of 3,8922. The CassLY&sN, in moving the adoption of the report, stated that the delay in the commencement of the worl;s had mainly been occasioned by an unfortunate difference between the engineers of the company, and all attempts by the board to bring about a good understanding had proved abortive. The subject was now in course of investigation by a sub-committee of the board. Interest would not be charged on the call due on the 15th inst. until after the contract had been signed, of which the shareholders should have due notice. The report was then adopted, and the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. SOUTH WALES. It appears that arrangements are made for the opening of the fifth section of this line-viz., fromthepresentterminas at Haverfordwest to Milford Hfaven, to-morrow (Tuesday), for passenger tra'dic. The first passenger-train from Haverfordwest will reach Milford Haven at U1 o'clock a.m., aud three trains will for the present run to and from Milford daily, one of which will proceed throughout the entire length of the South Wales line to its junction with the Great Western at Glocester, and thence to London. The whole distance from Paddingtonto Wilford Haven can after this day be traversed by the through train within nine hours. Goods trains will not run upon the new portion of the line for the present, the arrangements for that traffic not being completed. REPORTS OF TIHE COMlBoEE ONT RAILWAY RMIL.S. LONDO.N, TurrIJuY, ,'rD SourTND.-Mr. Fitzroy reported from the committee on this bill that the additional caDital proposed to be raised by it on shares is 60,0001., and the amount of loan 40,0002., which latter sum, with another sum of 100,000l. already authorized to be raised on mortgage, is less than one-third of the entire share capital of the undertaking. The bill authozizes the company to sell w ater to any w.ater company or inhabitants at Southend. The company have for station purposes bored to the depth of upwards of 600 feet, by which a much larger supply of w ater can be obtained than will be required for the railw;ay. The committee amended the bill by striking out the power to purchase the Southend Pier, considering that underthe existing circumstances of the case there was not any public necessity for granting such power, and they had found the preamble as amended to be true. DOxDpsERRY ,Esx Es1sLEnnz.-M:r. Fitzroy reported from the committee that the object of the bill was merely to enable the company to create preference shares with priority of dividend over the existing shares of the company, and to convert their debenture debt into stock. It was proved to the committee that the object was to relieve the company from the pressure of their simple contract debts, which seriously affected the working of the railway, and it was also proved that by the exhaustion of the resources of the company, consequent upon their Pecuniary embarrassments, the preference shareholders had not for some time past received any dividend. Evidence was also given of the assent of a very large majority of the preference shareholders of the company to the arrangement proposed in the bilL The comrittee had examined the allegations of the bill, and found the same to be true. RAILWAY BILLS IN PARLIAMENT. LoNDON AND SO1T;-WESTRN.-The directors of this company, in their declaration of finances to Parliament in connexion with the proposed line from Axminster to Exeter, state that the expenses wvil be defrayed by means of funds, amounting to 1,000,0001., which they were authorized to raise by an act of 1855, and which sum is directed by the act to be applied exclusively towards the expenses of a bill, and the making and maintaining the Exeter Extension IPailway. SWANSEAV,LLY.-The financial declaration of this company to Parliament sets forth that they have a surplus fund in hand of G5,0001. applicable to their proposed new branches and extensions.
SPOBTING INTELLIGENCE. , WAR~TCRAVzxEN=MElN. HOILSES LATELY ARIUIVED. NLDI%y&- it tU .-Tu DAY. The races commence this day at 2 o'clock. TArTERSALLe', SATuRDAY. The room was opened for the despatch of business relativo to the transactions on the recent events at Croston Park and Epsom. In the course of the afternoon a considerable SpnT of money changed hands. When speculation was resumed it became, in two or thrce instances, sufficiently sisnif cant and important to produce quite a sensation. Notwithstanding certain efforts for some time past to uphold Flr by-Night for the Two Thousand and the Derby, so strong a current of opposition set in againsthim to-day, that he was forced back to 8 tol for the former event, and to 14 to 1 for the latter; and there appeared to be little hope of his reaching again the pointsfromwhich he hadbeen driven. Yellow Jack, meavnwhile,went rapidly ahea(L After 6 to 4 had been taken to a good deal of money, he touched at evens, and severalhundredsmore verethieninvested on him. Attheclose,however, 110 to 100 was repeatedly offered on the field. Porto Rico received good support at 5 to L Even money and Sto 4 was betted on Caunobte for the Burwell Handicap, and from S to I for the Derby he sprang to S to 1, taken. 17 to 2 was taken to £W0 about him for the two events. At 4 to 1 and 7to2tho total ontlayonWentworthwasfefily 500. The higher odds would have been taken to a larger sum. CLOSWEG Clem Bnl;RvT T. ITrswnt
SUNDA Y WOEK IN WOOLTICHDOCKYARD. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-Sir Charles Wood has directed me to request that you will be good enough to correct a misprint in the reporb which is given in zzw Tinzs of to-day of his nnswcr to 6 question with reference to Sunday labour in Woolwich Eis answer was, that it was not true that the operatives had been required to work in Woolwich Dockyarclon Sun.days. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. T. G. BARLtG. .Rpa3auy prlL 44
STATEB OF TADE. There have been Urge arrivals of cotton in Liverpool during the week, but the sales for home consnnption aau for export have been cOnsicdelble, and Prices have- bee]% wellsupported. Consequently, this market has received co check from that source, anl the demand for cloth and yarns has continued steady. In thle fmner shirtings and -printing cloths stocks have been iiostl cleared off, and manufda. turers having extensive Contmcts inhand declme to increas their engagements without some addition to prices, whia have an-upward tendency. In domestics, longeloths, and T-cloths there is rather more doing, but prices have not; improved so decidedly. Manufacturers, however, are a much better position than they were some months agqo the rates at which their fabrics are selli affordimg mors remnneration. In yarns the principal demand is fronZ manfacturers, and includes most counts of mule, from% medium to fine numbers. Twist sited to the coarser kindis of fabrics is little in demand. Some kinds of fine yarns aM scarce, and most of them are rather dearer. BRENGRAM , ERII 3a At the concluding meeting or the iromasters'of thi distriect held at Dudley this evening, the utmost unasiuitg prevailed as to the present state and future prospects of tyi trade. During the week the influx of orders, not only for pigs, but for merchant iron, has been greater even than wma expected, and the most sanguine hopes are entertained -sitlt regard to the future. in addition to the orders for India, to which we referred on Thursday, the South Staffordsbir :Railway Company has within the last few days contractea for 2,500 tons of rails, required for the construction of th6 Cannock branch; and this, it is understood, is but an inconq siderable portion of the quantity which will be necessary foli the speedy completion of the works wvithinthe tiame pecified by the A ct of Parliament. The appearance in the Gazele od Tuesday of the gratifying announcement that Government had abolished those restrictions upon exports to the continent, which during the war operated so injuri. ously upon the iron and copper manufactures of Stafford. shire, Birmingham, and the surrounding districts, un< questionably gave a great impetus to the trade uring the meetings of the week, and, al favourable circumstances combined, there is now no doubt thatexing prices w,il be firmly maintained during the ensuing quarters The throwing open the ports of the Baltic will, it is con ' sidered, necessarily greatly increase the trade of South Sta,f fordshire and the contiguous iron districts, to say nothing of the immense sapplies of iron which it is presumed will bet immediately required for the projected railvways in Russia. The meeting of coal, ironstone, and]imestone proprietors,' held at Stourbridge yesterday was well attended, and, a& might be expected, the proceedings of the day were in bar. mony with those of the ironmasters at Wolverhamnpton andc Birmingham. In consequence of the great suppltes of coal which now come into the district from distant varts, and2 the opening of fresh mines in the immediate district, no attempt was made to advance prices; but, probably, had iT; not been for the improving prosDects of the iron trade, another slight fall might have takien place. Gubbin and1 best white ironstone was sold as high as 20s. per ton; and' binds were offered at 14s. to IGs. per ton. One house, having a stock on hand of 20,000 tons, purchased at present pnrices, and thus showed faith in the future prospects of the trades The introduction of Ulverstone stone, now brought into Staffordshiire in large quantities, does not appear to affect in any material degree the price of home produce. On several occasions we have latelyreferred to the decided improvement which has recently taken place in the tin ware business, and it is satisfactory to statethat it still continues. With the increase of this manufacture the price of tit plates and block tin rises, and, notwithstanding orders, are plentifuL During the present week circulars have been tssed announcing an advance of 3s. on common, and 2s. per cwt. on refined tin. The present prices are, commont blocks, 133s. Gd. per cwt.; refined, 14Ms. Gd. At these in. creased quotations large orders were given at Wolver. hampton on Wednesday, and int Birminghaus on Tlinrsday.' The price of copper remains firm and without the slightesfi tendency towvards adecline. Several of our brass foundiy establishments are slack rather than otherwise, but the brass-bedstead manufacture of the first-class, if notabso utely active is in some establishments tolerably brisk Copper tubing is, as it has eee for a considerable time past, in constderable demand and the best houses are wvell emploved. TLhe orders received for Binningham manufactures for Nohrth America in the course of the present wveek evidence some improvement in the demands of that market, and already for the continent of Europe, as wvell as for thel Mediterranean, our merchants are giving out orders to a~ greater extent than have recently been put in hand. Thes last advices bylBirmingham houses fromthe South America3n States speak more favourably than formerly of a coming trade, but the orders sent, except for some descriptions of copper goods and gas fittings, are not heavy. lhere are some few orders it hand for the West India plantations, and also for the Brazilian market; but the last letters froa these countries, so far as we can learn, make no special. reference to the condition or prospects of trade. TheW transactions in Birmingham during the week in which the usual quarterly meetings occur in the district afford &. test. to some extent at least, of the present condition of its varied and various manufactures, as well as of the activity or dulness of the factors and merchant establishments of the town. It is then that the accounts of the last quarter are arranged and settled, and some idea is formed of the probabilities of the future. Although the business done by the Birminghamn manufacturers in the course of the quarterjust ended (inasmuch as the utncertain state of the metal-mari;ke. has not justiied unnecessary purchases) has not been excessive, or beyond what it was twvo or three years ago, it hasmaintained a fair average. The satisfactory settiements oE accounts on Thursday showed clearly that, notwlithstanding all the drawbacks to which tradehas been subjected, that oE Birmingham (its general hardware business) has suffered less than the staple manufacture of any other towng in the kingdom. Even -when the iron districts of South Staffordshire in the course of the last year vere convulsed by commercial disasters, the credit of our Birming. ham merchants and manufacturers stood unimpeached. The reports made on Thursday with regard to the prospects oE special local trades were of an encouragig character. During the week there have been in the town extensive purchases of general hardware, audthe orders received from commercial travellers are better than they were during the earlier parts of the year. The demand for agricultural implements is steady, but generally the call is for the most efficient and approved inventions. In this respect the manu. facturers state there is a marked difference betveen the requirements of the farmers of the present day and those of 20 years ago. In the general glass trade of the town ancr neighbourhood there continues to be little doing Theu crown plate and table branches, but more especiallyothe last,named, are dull, although the men in the larmesl establishments of the district are for the most part wel,t if not fully employed. The first-rate houses, of ack;nowvledgedr reputation, the chief busiess of which is the chandelier and lustremanufacture,sadwhich, f-ohtheir weantll kv coduma hions,exhibitedatthe Crystal1Palace and inParis, areinpossess. sion of an extensive private conneion, are doing extremely well, and have orders on hand for foreign Courts. The statements made with regard to the position of the electroplate business are contradictory, and, with the exception of one or two establishments, which can at all times command! considerable orders, we believe the numerous body of mem now employed in this branch of manufacture are farfrom being busy. Flatness prevails in most of the shops. The only observable diminution of certain manufactures o£' the neighbourhood, caused by the announcement of peace, is the non-renewal of those continuous contracts for thesupply of shells and other munitions of war which have existed during the las 18 months or two years. But these; are comparatively unimportant. 31any of them were taken, in the absence of a bettor trade, by the makers of hollowware; and to whom the return of peace will give a still more profitable employmentbthan can be affordedbythe exigencies of war. The suspension of hostilities will affect the manufactures of ball; and shiellsto a more serious extent in Yorkshire than in South Staffordshire., The immense stores now in the possession of the Board of Ordnance, botla at home and in the Crimea, will in all probability render unnecessary any further manufacture of this description of naval and military missilesfor a long time to come. The iron. founders of the district, employed upon machinery requiredr for works at home, are re resented, however, to be welt employed, and some establishmenta in the vicinity of Dud. ley are busy. It is only in those foundries which have been engaged upon Ordnance contracts that have deemed it nccez sary to reduce the number o their workpeople. In the neighbourhood of Stourbridge the chain manufacture ig thriving. Extensive orders, it is said, have recently arrived in the district, and, as is too often the case aupon the first gleam of returning prosperity, the operatives in this brancl of local trade have givennoticethattheyreouire an advance of ls. per cwt. Their notice will expire in a fortnight from the time itwas given. It is due tothe operatives generally to state that, although the notice was agreed upon at a pUblic meeting, only aportion of the menhave carried the resolution into effect. The iron-tube makers are fairly offfor orders, and, judging from the increased demand for plates, the boilermakers at Smethwick and Brierley-hill are doing at average amount of work. The men, if we may judge frona appearances, are doing well and make few complaints. l LiKidderminster carpet weaving by machines is stated to be pretty active, a comparatively small portion of the work being produced by handlooms. The weavers are, however, generally pretty wellemployed, and there is at least little of. tnat complaining and real distress which existed a few years ago. The check given to the American demand for Coventry watches is yet seriously felt, but some of tbe makers reprec sent the foreign trade to be improving. The falling off irZ the Australian and Californian demand, which was experiX enced 12 or 18 months ago, added to the subsequent slack. ness of the Anserican trade, inflicted injury upon Coveniy from which, as we are informed, the wateb trade of thaS city is only slowly recovering. At Redditch the needle manufacture is extremely busy; the work-people appeap contented with their present rate of remuneration. The pressuremadeforrelief uponthe BirminghamrPoorLavr guardiansstillcontinues; butit is contended thatowiiig to the present system of administeringrelief the real state of pauper. asinwithin the parish cannotbeascertainedfrom thepublisheed weelly returns of the board. In the adjoining parish of Aston, where there is unquestionably a far greater proportion of abject poverty than in Birmingham, the number re. lieved is mucho fewer, and the cost to the ratepayers proportionately less. The matter is about to undergo a strict investigation. lNOTTINGHA3I, ArRrs. 122 Scarcely so many orders for framewvork-knitted fabrics have been taken this week as during the previous sevenz days, owing chiefly to manufacturers requiring full advance3 upon their goods to cover the increased cost of production; the indisposition of buyers to make the concession consequentlychecks trade. Notwithatanding this, however, all our hands and machinery are well occupied, chiefly with American orders. Home trade buyers will ultimately-ba - 'compelled to ;ay the prices asked, as there is no probability sin prce for some tine to come. How. ever unpalatable the advances made may be, and however, 'fora time, they may cheek operations on the pait of some, ~they canotbe avoided. During the last two years there i3 no doubt that spinners were working without prfit,-if nbt. at O positive loss; with the present demand to assist them, they seem determined to do so no longer; and the greatly enhanced value of raw cotton, wool,and silk being added
THE COB? TRADE. I'OTTnIGHAM. ApRrn. 12 Hleavy showers sand bright suashins, frequently alternated, during the last week,haveo wonderfully changed the appearaneof the country, and rendered the prospect of a prolific summer. pretty certainl. " March,' says Mr. Tillery, of Welbeck, "was an exceedingly dry and fine month, and highly favourable for every operation in fields and. gardens, Rain fellon four days-only,and then butin emailquantities, the rain-gauge registering only 71 srts of an-inch, S.nie severe frosts occurred in the mornings towards the latter end of the month, but, vegetation being very dry, they did but little inJury. Thu thernonoeter was highest (52 degree) on the last day of the monthi, and lowest (21 degree) on the morning of the 30th. The highest reading of the thermometer 130 degrees 41 minutes) ocaurred on the 3d and 4th ; the lowest (29 degrees 6 minutes) on the 20th. The mnesan temperaturo of the mnonth, tak-en from 124 observat!ions,was three derees below theavezrage. Owing to the dry weother during Marchs a finer seedtime never was experienced, and all kinds of geed, with the exception of barley, were sown in line condition. There were Some complaints of the young wheat being injured by wire. worm early in the month, owing to the open winter, hut these rousours have died away. Though there may have been some loss of plant, this wlil be all the better for the crop, it being generally too thlickly sown by the lag-behind farmers. An astenishirg change sinca the end of March has taken place in the appearancee both of cornfields and pastures, With an increased temperature, and April showers falling plentifully, fields on which scarcely a blade could be seen a fortnight ago are now quitesgreen, andtthehed.gebankcsareperfumedwith Tioletsaand other sprinigflowers Potatoes areosepentifullysupplied in the markets that the price has become much reduced. They are stilercellent in quality, for the most part, disease not having injured them anything lice so much as usual in the pits and other storing places. Their cheapness causes them to be 'larkgely used in the manufacturing districts. This is one of the Causes of flour becoming cheaper, as it is evident there will now be no scarcity of the staff of life before next harvest, The earlier varieties of'potatoes will be* plentiful about thxe mniddle of Juno, along with other vegetables, so that the labouring classes have a good prospect in the coming year of being able to live much cheaper than during the pastthree years. The chances are,that the whole of the current mouth will be very wet, there yet being much rain due." Our market was well supplied with wvheat to-day; there wvas a good demandfofr fine samples, at adecline of Is. to 2s, Der quarteor; and the trade ended brisk, for those sorts ; but stale and inferior wheat was hard to sell. For barley therewas afair demand,atlasatweek',s prices In oats and beans there was no change, The presenit prices of grain and flour in Nottingham are as follows:Wheat, white, old, 75S, to SI&. per 36 stone ; new, 75s. to S5s.; red, old, 783. to 7us. ; newr, G6g, to 73s. ; barley, for malting, 42±s to 47s. per quarter; for grinding, IfS, to, 9Sa.; oats, 2ls, to 32±. per 24 stones; beans, old, SWs, to 5sir per IS stone; now, 40±L to 40±. ; flouzr, super, 53e, to SSs. per 20 stoen ; fine, 48a. to 50s. LEICESTER, Anitis. 12. In cons-equence of the fineness of the weather for the pact fortnight the young whseats have greatly improved, andwe now hear fewer com-. plaintts of thinness. Indeed, farmers generally are of opinion that the Plant looks as favourable as could be desired. Grass lands are also looking more healthy, and presnt appearances augur a good crop. The, prices of fit stock, remain at fully- last week's rates. At Molten Mfowbray fair, store cattle of all descriptions were in good supply anid realised extreme prices. At our cattle-market, with a good supply, fat stock realised about last week's prices, beief selling from Gd. to Gjd. Per lb. Sheep were in good supply, and inutton sold at rather reduced. rates. At our eorns-market this morninDgthere wagsatolerable quan3tityof ,wheat on offer. At the early part of the market,fsrmers (who were in numerous attendance) held for last weekes prices, but these rates millers were unable to'give, and succeceded in Purchasing att a reduction of is per quarter under the currencies of Last week. In barleyv there was a good dlemand at the quotations of last week. Oats maaintained late rates. Beans were scarce and the turn higher. White wheat, 72±% to 71a.;red. 69s. to 70±.;hbarloy, 40& to 45s. ;oate, 2Ss, to,lls. ; beans, 45s. to SOs. per quarter. Fine flour, 5Is. to M. ; seconds, 51s. to 52s. ; thirds, 4%.eto 50k.Lper SaCk, DERBY, Mpien 12. We have had a wveek- of thxorough April weather, and the young whteat is looking exceedingly Promising, In those districts where a, fortnight ago it appeared thin theo plant has come well usp. Fas, turages, have also greatly improved. Fat stock' is rather higher this week. At ourrmarket there was agoodasupply of beasts, andfull prices were obtained. Sheep sold at last week's rates. At our market yesterday there was a fair quantity of wheat on offer, the trade in which ruled dull. Farmers at the commence. ment of the mnarket held for last week's prices. but mRIlers would not Purchase, except at a reductiont of ls. to 2s. per quarter upon the rates of last week, which farmers ultimately submitted to. Barley firm at the extreme rates of last week. In oats there was no alteration. Beans maintained last week's rates. New white wheat, 74s. to 78s±; new red 75g. to 75s± per quarter; malting barley, Os. to tis. per itaPerta measure ; grinding barlecy, Sls. to 28s. per 50 stoen; new oats, 26e. to 28s. ; old, 30s. to 3ha, per 24 steno; old beans, 5sb. to 55s. ; new, 40s. to U4s. Per 38 stoen; flour,52s. to 583.;, super, ditto, Sis. per 20 stnen. At Werksop there uwa a t-olerable Lsupply of wheat, the demand for which wras very inactive, and last week-'s prices were maintained. Barley was firm, with a tendency upwards, In oats there was no alteration. Beans sold at last week's rates. LINCOLNr, MAPn 12. We have had a week-'s fine April weather, and the change in the ap_ Pearance of vegetation is astoniishing. We do not hear so many comiplaints respecting the sickly appearance of the young whecats, which have wonderfully imnproved since the genial weather set in. There would have, no doubt, been considerable injury done had the cold of the Past month been accompanied by moisture. As,it was, however, they were only backened. There have not been so many complainlts latterly of wireworm. In most districts the fine weather has already wrotight awonderful improvement, and the wheat plant may be said to look favourable. The drenching shlowesa of the past week have greatly improved the pastures, which augur well for a good crop. The lanbing season has progressed favourably. Fat stock has this w7eek commanded full prices. At Plewark, with a good supply, beef realized 7s. &l6. to0± &Per stone, and mnutton Gd. to Sid. per lb. At Peterborough Prime descriptions of beasts realised full prices; inferior sorts wer a dull sae. The show of cheep was good, mutton realining- 63d. per lb. Beef sold at%6. d. per stone. Lynn fa,ir was wellsuppliedwith cheep, at rather easlerprices. Beasts wile a good show, at full rates. At our corn-market yesterday there was an average supply of wheat anid arather numerous attendance offarmers. 'Wheat realised atolerable demand at areduction ofis. per quarter upon the quotations of las; week. In barley there was an improved inquiry, and farmers sue ceeded in obtaining an advance of 2s. per quartr over the quotations of last week. Oats mnaintained last week's prices, and in beans there was no alteration. W1hite wheat, 75s. to ITs. ; red, 653. tolls.;, maltinghbarley, 42s± to 4ls. ; grinding barley, 38s.to 41s, ; oats, 23s. to 30± beaus, Us3. to 52s± per quarter. DONCASTERI, APT-nr i2 We have this week hadl a continued alternation of sunshine and showers, which have rapidly anid materially improved the face of the country. The younlg wheat on the sand and clay lands never looked better than it does at present. On the limestnon and loamy soils there has been considerable leesa of the plant-in one instance in this neighbourhood as miuch as four-sixths of the lanid has had,to be ploughed up and resown w-ith spring corn. The loss is attributed by some to the depredations of theo wireworm, and by others it is ascn'bed to the over-cropping of the land with wpheat, smes farmers on the four course shift having attempted to obtain two crops of wheat lasiead of one of wheat and onec of barley in single rotation. The early sown barless are showing above ground. and have this time come up very regular, which has not been the case for two or three years past. Itia doubted whether there is an average acreage of this grain sown this year, the high pric of wheat having tempted farmers to put in as mauch wheat as they could, Beans continue to thrive remarkably well. Plastures are becoming quite ILuga riant, and the young clovers are coming up very thick and strong. if weo should escape late frosts this spring there wil beoa large crop of redlder. With the exception of a few dLelds of oats and peas, spring row-inrcis concluded about here, and good progresa is being made with rlesLnig the land for turnips, wyhich wil find an excellentbed this year. ilarden vegetation is growing fast, and some of the early produce is already in the muarket. At our market tisis miorning we had a rather large showr of wheat oni offer, the farmers having availedI themselves of the late broken weather to thrash out their grain pretty freely, and apparently naot being so confident as they wvere lately of the contnimneae of the present range of prices after the ratification of the treaty of peace. There was hardly an average nuimber of buyers present, and thoem who attended seemed indifferent about purchasing, except on easy terms. The market consequently opened very flat, and it war nearly an hour before any business at all was done. Theme was then a little spurt, occsioned by the needy millers coming in. They were enabledI to supply themselves at a reduction of ls. per load (2s. Md per quarter), the hulk of the samples not being in very good condition. The factors from the West country held off altogether or purchased oniy very sparingly, expressing great confidence in an approaching decline in price, and the market closed heavy, with several samples left on hand. The highest Prico realised was he,. per load (Mi. Sd. per quarter). The chow of barley wras extremely meagre ; in fact, there was scarcely any on the stand(s With the increasing prospects of peace maltsters and others have purchased very liberally in the anticipation of the aborogation of the war duity on malt, and as we are new nearly at the end of the malting season farmers' stocks are pretty well cleared out. One or two good *amples shown to-day readily come mandod 46s., and we doubt wislether the quality was as good as that of samPles whiceh were coldl last week- for 483. The advance noted this mnOrning was fuillY Is. per quarter. We had a good average show of oats for the season, and the sale for them was brisk the weather being ve~ry favourmble for sowing. We cannot, owever,alter our quotations. Beans met a steady demuand st last week's rates, with rather a flagging at the close, and a trifling reduction upon the inferior sorts. TChe folowing are our quotations this morning :-New wheat, at 24M to 27±. Per load of three imperial bushels; fine, 29g. to 3Is±; old wheat, 26s. to 2Ms; fine, 29±. to Ifs. ; blendeorn, 23s. to 283. ; rye, 183. to 183f.; new beans, 16s. to 17s; f ine, 183. to 183. 6d. old beans, 19±~ to 20a. ; fine, 21s. ; peas, 17±. to 18a. ; oats, 283. to 28& per quarter; fine, 283. to 132. ; grinding barley, Ifs. to 40s; mnalting barley, 42±. to 43s. ; fine, U4s. to 46s. The official returns of the corn inspector for the week, ending Saturday last show an increase in the sale of both wheat and barley; the average pricee are :-heat 765. 4d. per quarter; barley, 42s. 3'd. ; oats, 25s. 10d. ; beans, 43s. 7Td. In the discussion on agsicuttiral statistics in the House of Lords the other night, credit was takeuby Government for having lately obtained a more correct retuin of tho market averages of grain sold than was done formerly. The farmers and dealers who attend this market are, probably without a single exception, satisfied that the present system is about as defective as any could be. In many cases when the law is properly complied with grain is multiplied three or four times inthe official returns, according to the nuimberof times it has changed bands On the other han J, a great deal that is sold is never retrend at all lord Stanleyo! Alderley thinks it impossible to get at the corn vich is disposed of privately, however correctly the market sales might be ascertained, but' there is scarcely a farmer who, when asked the question, does not say that it is quite easy to get a complete return of every bushel of grain sold, simply by requiring the growers to make a teteirn of al the com they sell-that Is, all they produce, except a few quarters which they rcay retain for their own domestic consumption, and of which an estimate might easily be made if it were not returned with the corn sold. The markets in this district have been well supplied during the week, but the grain has not been brought forward in very good condition. Trade has riiled dull throughout the week, buyers and sellers stil appearinz alike uncertain what to do, pending the ratification of peace. The prices at most of osir markets htve been stationary for wheat, and in one or two instances ratherlower;but comparatively little business hts been done, millers merely huying for imnmediate exi- gencies, and factors being indisposed to increase their stocks. The trade I in other articles has not nmdergone much change. Barley, however, has continued to creep up, and it appears as if the stock on the farmer' hands wese really getting into a very small compass, GaAt haeo had a rather brisk sale where seedha5beenstil required., leans ?nd peat have notmeta.very activessale. GLOCESTER, ArpxL 12. We have had very heavy faUs of rain this week, and eVpecisaly during the 12 homus up to 6 oclock this mornig, srd lbs leor meadow3 inL the vale are floodol by the land drainage. The weather, however.is mild, And to-dayh.a been sunny; should the fine weather continue the rain wrilbe bigblybenelciaL Wehbaereceivedthxa weekfromnTrieste 13,072 stag of wheat, ad 11,449 kilograme3 of wheatfromfonstantinople, besides a cargo of bean3;from Alexandria. The mark-et was hardly so firm to-day, aB dwheat must bo quoted Is, per quarter lower. English white wheat 7b. tol7lx; and red, 63L to 69a per quarter. ForeignCholce Danube, 72. to 73, Per 4801b. .; Ibraila, 64s to 6Ss; Spanish, 8sa, to C ; and Ancona, 70. to a per 480Tb.; matting barley, 33 to 40fL per quarter, and grinding, 3L to 35i. New English beans, 426 to 44s. Per quarter; and old, 45. to 47. Egyptian, i6C. toeE. and French,40a.to.42s.perS65lb; Irishoata, 24 to25s. per 312b.; black, 23s to 23 6d.; and tawny, 23s. 6d. to 24± English pea, 50. to S3. for breakes and 42 to 4. for grinders; English linseed cake, £12. 10s. to £13; and French, 11. 1N. to £12 per ton. The neighbouring markets have pretty well kept up late quotations. At Cheltenhaum, on Thursday, there was some dulness in the trade, but no noticeable dulness in priceL At Tewkesbury, onxWedsneday, there was a good attendance, and prices were about the same as last weelk Oldwheat, 91. to 9s. 6d. per bushel: and new, BS. to 9;. malting barley, 4s. d to 4s.9 .; and grinding. 4s. to 4 6d. ;English oats, 3s. 3d. to 4a,;and lrisb, 2s9d. to 3s. 6d; English beansE,S;. to Ss. 6d; aud foreign, 4.9cL toSs. ;peas. 54 to S.3d. per busbeL At Stow-on-the-Wold, on Thursday, the average prices were:-Wheat, £3 Os. 21d. per quarter; barley, zel. 133.; and beans, £. 83. per quarter. At Hereford, on Wednesday, trade was flat, and to effect sales of wheat a decline of Is. per quarter had to be submitted to; white wheat S± Cd. to 9s. 3d. and red, 8a. to Sa. 6d. per 621b; barley in better request, at 4s. to 4s. 9d, per bushel; oats, 3s. 6d. to 4s. 3d; old beans, 6a. to 7s.; and uew, 5s. to 6s. WORCBSTER., ArsrsL 12. Prices were not so weU maintained at our market to-day by a difference of fully Is. per quarter. For English white wheat 9s. to 9s. 4d. and red, 8. Cd. to Os. per bushel was obtained ; malting barley 4a. fx to 5s, and di(tiling, 4s. 43 to Is. 6d. per busbel; new 1Eng1ish beaus, 5s. 4d. to 6s., and old 6s. 2d. to 6s. 6d.; English oats, 4s. to 4s. 6d,, and Iish, 3s. 8d. to 43. per 391b.; white peas, 5s. 8eL to C., and gray 5s. 4d. to 53.6d, per bushel; vetches, Bs. CdL to 9s.6d. perbushel. Last Worceeter averages:-Wheat, £3 Os. 9,U. per imperial quarter; and barley, z1 IC6. 9S per quarter. COLCHESTER, Arsm 12. The Essex markets wero firm at the early part of the weelk, but havo given way withia the lasb three days. In oaur market to-day, with a good supply, the price of wheat ha3-not been maintained, even forthebest, and inferior sampleawere Is. to is. cheaper than Inst week. White, 765. to 7lB.; red, 63s. to 72s. Barley and beans are both dearer, fine malting qualities of the former fetching 4Ss. Yesterday, at Chelmsford, there was a very large quantity of wheat on offer, and the holders were rather anxious ro effect sales; the result was that the quotations gave way, and secondary qualities could aot be disposed of unlesr at a reduction of full 2s. per quarter on the rates of lastweek. The best samples were Is. to Is. 6d. cheaper. Bailey maintained its price, and malt was rataer dearer. White wheat, 541. to 763. red, 54s. to 741.; chevalier barley, 33a. to 42a.; grinding, 28s. to 36s., pa-tridge peas, 38. to 41. ; white boUing, 41s. to 4%; malt. 7ie, to 77s. NORiWIVCIl, ARrr 12. Here, to-day, there was a fair supply of wheat, and the trade was slow at a decline of ls. to 2s. perquarter. Barley beig in request was fully as dear both for malting and grinding qualities. In other corn little doing. The prices of inferior descriptions are irregular, but the foUowing are the general quotations for wheat and barley .-Wheat, white (weighing 621b. to 631b. per imperial bushel), 68s. to 743.; ditto, red (weighing 601b. to 631b.), 64s. to 6Ss.; barley malting (weighing 521b. to 531b.), 39s. to 42s.; ditto distiing (weighing 501b. to 51Mb.), 355. to 37spoer quarter. At tho weeklysale at the new mills in this city flour went off at 46s. a to 46s. 9d. par sack. Latest averages:-Wheat 2,8241 quarters, 69s. Id. (against 2,5601 quartors, 67a. ld., corresponding period last year); barley. 2,j04s quarters, 39s. 8d. (against 1,9143 quar tars corresponding period last year): oats, 20 quarters, 23s.; beans' 22 quarters, 43s. 9d. The favourable change in the weather must have greatly benefitted the young wheats. On the light lands and in the fens complaints haa been increasing of lato in reference to their concition. READING, AP 12. Rain hlas faUen with little intermission this week, and it has had the effect of greatly improving the jouag wheat plant. From its effects the clover plant presents an appearance which promises a large crop. The supply of wheat in the Exchange this morning was again very good, and a great deal of it was In dry and excelent condition. The attendaneo of mealmen and dealers was larger than has been noticed here for a long time past. Business opened dull, the seUers scarcely knowing what terms to ask, as they appear fully persuaded a great change will occur now that peace has been re-established, and the blockades have been remoTed, so as to admit of hmportations of corn from the Russian dominions. Our miUers offered a reduction of several shillings per quarter, but the factors would not submit to so great a decline; consequently, there was extreme heaviness in the trade, and the lots which were disposed of could only meet with buyers at a deline of fuU 2s. per quarter ; in some instances even less money was taken, but that was where the quality was inferior. At the close of the market a great portion was removed unsold. Wlhite wheat, the best qualities, sold at 76s. 'o 80a.; a few flne lots at 524. to 643.; middlng descriptions, at 68s. to 743 ; red wheat, best sorts, at 70s. to 74s.; secondary lots, at 643. to 68s. Bfarley was in very limited supply, %nd good fine parcels were few in number. The prosPeCt of the duty being removed in J'uly next gave an impetus to trade, and the demand was brisLk This led factors to stand out, and they succeeded in obtaining an advance of quito a3 much as 2a. per quarter. Where the qualities were extremely fine as much as Is. extra were obtained. The trade for distUiling sorts was again ona limited scale, and at more money-as much as Is. to 2s. Per quarter. Barley for malting] sold at S9s. to 42s. and 43s.: distilling, 3s. to 39s. and 40s., and grindingm at 33s. to 35a. and 37s. per quarter. There continues to be an abundance of oats, bUt the demand is chiefly confined to 'he finest sorts. These fetch the full terms of our last market, but the inferior must be reported as being about Is. per quarter cheaper. The prices to-day were for Tartary oats 17s. to 24s.: Poland ditto, 27s. to 30±. The market was again well supplied with beans, and there appeared to be much quietnese in trade, dealers not being inclined to buy while prices ranged re high as at present. English beans, old, fetched 483. to 52s. and 53s.; new beans, Oa to 49& The trade for Egyptian beans was dull, and less money was tak en. The prices were-for whole beans, 34s. to 35s. ; split ditto, 24s. to 2°s. and 265. E With peas our Exchange was tolerably weu supplied, but the beat quanltes were somewhat scarce. The transactions were of an extremely quiet character, and, taking into consideration the quality, our previous quotations cannot be altered. Boiling peas sold at *i. to i8s., maple peas, at 49s, to 443.; hog peas, 38s. to 42s.; gray, 34. to 42g. There was less activity in the market for grass seeds, but stiU every. thingfetchedhighprices. Thepriceof tares remains unaltered-viz., is. Cd. to Ss. 6d. per busheL This week has been eharacterired by much quietness in the trade for flour, and the prices sti current are, housenolds, 5Cs., and seconds 52s. per sack of 28O0b. The reluctance of farmers to seU last week in consequence of the peace newa is shown in the oflicial return, for there were nearly 203 quarters less disposed of. It appears that 1,226 quarters were sold for £4,524, or an average of 7ls. 93., the decline being Is. 2d. per quarter on the previous market, shovwing that wheat had sunk- Ss. 3d per quarter in n fortnight. Barley als feU off in quantity, there being only 431 quarters against 960 in the former market. The sum realzed was £779 2s., or 36s. 1I. per quarter, there being an advanCe in this grain of 2s. Ild. in a week. DULBLI, Arrm 11. Our corn-market to-day was again extremely dull for every description of grain, except prime wheat which was scarce and wanted. In a few instances a trifling advance was realized on this article, but we do not alter our general currency from Tuesday. Indian corn scarcely
fAdvertisement.j-"`Elegant Arts for La4ies."-Every fat ershould place tlis new bool in his daughteres hands. It treats Do every art and accomplishment, and is superbly illustrated with ungravngs. Amoreusefulorelegantbook doesnotexist price =s. 6d., rnchly gilt. "Becbstein's Hiandbook oE Cage-Birds' 2s. 6d ought to be bought by all wrho keep birds. "TheWife's Own Book of Cookery" will sceure a good dinner with the most Blender means. Over 2ar descriptive illustrations add to the utility and valuo of this work, which contains above 1,500 original receipts for dishes that may be gort no nany household, and aro adapted to all incomes; price 3s. ed Teasures uin eedlework." by hrs. Warren and Mrs. Pollan, fs. 6d, Ward and Lock, I58 Fleet-street. [Advertisereat ]-The New Novel, " Afargaret and her B3ridesmaids." JBy the ather of"Woman's Devotion." In3 vols., in now ready at &ll theeliburaries. "The history of ,Margaret and her BIdemadsv "Say.s thoes John Bull,' "furnishes abundant materil for en ndiss ~.verityofscenes and portraitures which the talented Author bti sketched vith all that knowledge of human naolsr, and espedally of the femalc heart. of which she bad flready given abmpdath proof in 'yoman's Devotion." Also, just publshed, "Jo. salahax, Gentleman." By the author of -" The BHead of the F:amSily" "Olive," &c., 3vols. Burst and Blaceliet, publishers, :sucocessle t Efemy Cdbur, 13, Great MIarlborough-street. [Advertisement.]-" Tmhe Solitary Hunter," foolscag~ 8vo, prnoe ls. 6d., fancy boards, or free by post for 20 pcetege stamps. " The Utary Hnter," orSaorting Adventures inthe lrasrie, by John Palliser, Esq., with eight ilustrations from actual sketch,s, " 'ivery sportsman, or lover of SwOrt, rhould read. 'The oioUtary r^immter.- His romantic adventures and hair-breath escaPes amIonI the boundless prairies of the Far West surpass anything of the Ud we h:ve ever read of before. The book stri eq usi as being thf"roughly superior to that of the faMous lion-kiler Jules GSr' nl. Crr his English rir3l, Cordoe Oummin.:' Lon Ogui George gvtUtle'7e end Co., Farrin don-street.
THE OBIMRAN BOARD OF INQUIRY. The Board of General Officers mot on Saturday at the usual hour. The attendance of the publc, although large, ws not so great as on former days. The examination of Colonel Low. of the 4th Light Dragoons, was resumed by Colonel TUlloch. The witness said, In answer to various questions, that it would hxve been practicable to send in December to Constantinople for materials and workmen to erect stabling for the cavalry horses, but at the same time he could not say what circumstances there might have been which prevented the course being taken. The site of the permanent cavalry camp was not known for some time, and the uncertainty upon that point prevented steps being tak-en earlier to.. shelter the horses. Immediately it was known that the cavalry were to remain in the position at Kadikoi during the winter the men began to make excavations to receive tho horses. The want of tools, of which the supDply was short, also retarded the progress of the work. The stabling for his regiment, which was the last in order, was not completed until the beginning of March. He could not say exactly the number of horses alive in November, but it was somewhere between 230 and 15o. When the stables were I completed there were 39. He could not of his own knowledge state whether ship carpenterscouldhave been obtained at Balaklava or from the fleet. Colonel Tulloch referred to the paragraph in the report which imputed that there had been a want of ingenuity and promptitude in making provision to shelter the horses, and asked the witness whether that paragraph obtained his concurrence, bearing in mind his ow n evidence respecting the expediency of usins canvass. Lord 1ucan objected that tho accuracy of the imnutation was a matter for the Board to decide, and not for an individual witness. The Board, however, allowed the question to be put, Colonel Low said he had never seen any spars or canvass in the camp, and declined to form or to express aly opinion upon the subject, which he had never considered. In answer to questions from the Board Colonel Low stated that Lord Luean frequently visited his camp, and inquired into the state of the men and horses, and into the progress of the work in hand. Major-General Beatson, whose gorgeous dress rendered him conspicuous, even among the brilliant uniforms by which he was surrounded, was the next witness called by Colonel Tulloch. He stated that he landed in the Crimea with the Heavy Brigade, vvth whom he remained until nearly the end of November. During the time he was with the brigade the horses were picketed in the open air. It was not practicable to place them under cover so long as there was any uncertamty as to their remaining in the position they then occupied, and he thought that uncertainty was the reason why the sheltering of the horses was so much delayed. The Bashi-Bazouks whom he had commanded used to make shelter for their horses with branches of trees when they were to be obtained, but when wood was not procurable the horses went without shelter. The same uncertainty respecting their posi tion which prevented an earlier construction of stables also preventedthe digging of trenches for the temporary shelter of the horses, that being n laborious operation, requirmng many men and plenty of tools. Colonel Tulloch, referring to Lord Lucan's observation that no one but a madman would have proposed to place the horses under canvass on the plateau, inquired whether General Beatson agreed in that opinion. The witness replied that he certainly would not have placed his own horses under canvass, for on the very first gale of wind the canvass would be blown down, when, probably, the animals wvould be more injured than they would be by remaining in the open air. In answer to questions from Lord Lucan the General stated that he wras present with General Scarlett's brigade at the battle of Balaklava, and quitted it towards the end of November. Up to that time no officer in the brigade hadhis own horses under canvass wrhile on the plateau. Lord Iuc2n.-As an old cavalry officer of experience, is it your opinion that it would have been wise to place horses under canvass on that plateau, considering the bad state of the weather, and that they hadi to transport all the provisions and materials fromBalaklava?-In the position they were then in it would not have been judicious. In ansvwer to further questions the witness stated his belief that every of£icer in the brigade was most anxious to| take every possible care of the horses, which were in a ba,' condition when first landed in the Crimea, owing, as he considered, to the want of proper arrangement for forage not having been made before they leftVarna; and their condition of course became worse during the voyage across. Mr. Robert Raxvlinson, civil engineer, having been callecl, and not appearing, Colonel Oarby Griffiths wa- cecalled by Colonel Tulloch. He stated that the hores of llis regiment (the Scots Grays) were generally in retty good condition on arriving at Kadikoi on the 3d of Decermber. lt was not until January 3d that any of them were placed under cover. Can you exlain the reason of the delay ?-We did not ree orler untilDecember16, orabout then, and the delay which occurred after that was caused by a want of men and of tools. The tools verO very few, and the men remaining available, after providing for all camp duties and commnissariat duties, were very few. Before we commenced onDecember! th those commissariat du' ies there were about 70 or 75 men who would have been available for erecting stables. Could sailcloth, to be placed upon framework of slight constructin, have been obtained from the fleet or from Constantinople, and was any such suggestion made7.-I think if there had been sailcloththere it could have been put up. If all the materials had been on the spot shelter could havebeen made for the horses in about four days. Colonel Griffiths further stated, in answer to questions, that in December he lost 28 horses, and in January 5L When the stables were at last erected the timber was all brought up from Balaklaa -upon the horses' backs. Having no carpenters with his regiment, he had borrowed some Zouaves to build a hut for himself and a stable for his own horses, and then set the Zouaves to work for the benefit of the troop horses. He could not procure any further assistance, although he tried to do so; for, finding aUl his men so much employed, he agreed with his officers to pay with them the expense of hiring French troops to put np stables, but his application for those soldiers was unsuccessfuL At the same time he believed if any application had been made on the part of the Government for the assistance of French troops, it would have been readily granted. He could not say whether carpenters could have been obtained from the fleet; but several cap. tains of transports had told him that if application was made for the carpenters belonging to their vessels he should have them. He did apply accordingly to General Scarlett, but he never got any carpenters. ColonelTulloch.-Adverting to your evidence as to the advantage of sailcloth, are you of opinion that there was "a-want of promptitude or ingenuity" in devising some temporary means of shelter for the horses ?-From my experience, I think the cavalry did their best under the circumstances. Should they, however, be called on to go through another campaign, I have no doubt that from their past experience they would improve. Colonel Griffiths amended a statement he had made retpecting the shelterprovided for his horses. He had stated tnat hehademployed five Frenchmen to erect this shelter, and that they completed it about the middle of January; he wished now to explain that it was only up to the 3d of January that heemployed the French soldiers. After that the men of his own regiment were able to work upon and to finish it. The JuDGnR-ADvocATE.-You stated in your former evidence that you would have dug, if only to the depth of half a foot, and drained in front and rear'of the horses; why didyou not cause suchadrain tobe dug, if you thought it would have been of service ?-If I had been certain of remaining in our positon even beyond the next day, Iwould have dug the drain; it wras the uncertainty of our position which prevented me. GeneralPn.-Do you consider any comparison can be instituted between the facilities afforded to the Sappers and Miners to erect a covering of saileloth at Balaldava and those which the cavalry possessed?-The Sappers and M1iners certainly had every facility, being at Ballava, and having only to perform their own spial duties. Colonel Tulloch said it was well known that the duties of the Sappers and Miners during a siege were exceedingly laborious. The witness then withdrew, General Beatson desired to explain that when he statedin his evidence that the Heavy Brigade were in bad condition at Varna, and were landed in the Crimea in bad condition, he did not include the Grays, which regiment was never in Bulgaria at all, but went direct to the Crimea from Constantinople. Major Thompson, of the 5th Dragoon Guards, was recalled. General PEmS.-You have stated that immediately after your regiment went down to Kadikoi, about the 3d of December, you had a trench dug, which you consider was of immense advantage to the horses, and that you had no means of ascertaining whether other regiments adopted the same plan. If, then, the subsequent mortality among your horses from, December to March, was greater than an any other reghunent, as is shown by the return laid before the Board by Colonel. Tulloch, do you mean the Board to under- stand that either the other regiments had adopted a more effrectual means of shelter, or that thero was no advantage in this trench which you dug 1-The 5th Dragoon Guards were worse off than any other regiment from w%ant of men. We had fewer men mad more borses in proportion, the consequence being that a man had sometimes to look after three or four spare horses. I cannot say whether this drain was of so' very much advantage after all. But the reason why wve lost more horses was onx account of our having so many spare horses and fewer men to lookl after them. Colonel Tufloch [called the attention of the Board to 'a communication from Sir John M'NTeill and himself to I4ord Panmure, in answer to Lord Cardigan's letter, in whirfh the cause of the great mortality in the 5th Dragoon Gua-ds was explained by the fact that an infectious disease prevailcd amon4 the horses. Witness stated that the disease in question, -vasmange and a running at the nose, which gave rise tt. suspicion of glanders. In answer to furtheAr questlo.,s ~froms General P.ssh he explained the manner in which the. trenchwas dug ad kept free from water. Mr.Coavlonel', C.E3., was then iil,ed and examined by Colonullloch. He said he went t to the Crimea as engineering member of the Sanit?&' Commission, and it was his duty in that capacity tomakeo mself acquainted with the nature of thegroundand its sWO',abilityforthereceptionof the troops; Was well acquaint0. with the Valley of Kadikoi, as well as with the plateau *'jove it, and with their geological formation, and had exwrined moAtminutely the whole of the camp occupied by the '?ritish army. Speaking as a civilian, if he had had 50 mVr at his hand, with appropriate tools, he should have bad no difficulty in providmg a temporary shelter fQei thorses on anyprtion of the ground occupied b,ythi tllied camp. That ground varied materiaUy. In tb5 valley it was a rich loamy soil, speedily converted into raud, and there were other portions of the ground which all the armies in the world ecrild not have made mud tf. You night choose iit;e where, from {he natue vE fths formation -limestone rock-quarry tools woula have beeurequirec to get up auy shelter. There were othcr site where ordinary earthworks might easily have beer throwrn uo. lo had xeen the stables made in tho Val. Icy, and, such as they w ere, he thoug,ht .a couple of men pen horse ought to have provided this shelter in a couple of days ifthey had tho material to make the covering. At all events, a couple of civilians, working under a contractor, ,vould have done so. o 1Colonel Tulloch.-You are aware of the large quantity of shipping in the harbour of Balakiava. Would there have been any difficulty in obtaining from them sailcloth to any extent that might have been required?-It was part of may duty to make an inspection of the transports fitted up for the conveyance of the sick from the Crimea down, to the British hospitals on the Bosphorus, and in the conversations I had with some of the transport captains I understood that they had both sailcloth and sailmakers to spare. Some of them told me so, because I remember mentioning it on this account :-I was myself hutted above the mule camp at the head of Balaklava harbour, aud for days and weeks I saw these wretched animals standing knee deep in mud. They had no nosebags; the forage given them was thrown down into the mud, and I don't believe they could get one-tenth of it, for it was rolled and trodden into the mud before the could eat it. Witness continued,-In the Valley of Kadikoi the earth m,ight have been dug and temporary shedter thrown up in one or two days; the ground might have been trenched on the very day the horses took the ground. i )o you consider that, as compared with the other troops servig i the Crimea, equal ingenuity was displayed by our soldiers in preparing shelter for their horses .-I don't think I can answer that question, simply oecause I did not pay attention to the sheltering of horses; but I did pay attention to the sheltering of men, and most unquestionably our army did not appear to have Paid the same attention to works of that description as the rench did at the same period and as the Sardinians did immediatly upon coming into the Crimea. ! Adverting to your evidence as to the advantage of sailcloth, are you of opinion that there was "a want of promptitude or ingenuity" in devising some means of temporary shelter ?-I cannot answer the question, except as a civilian. I don't know what may interfere vith military imen on service in the face of the enemy ; but I can only say that any railwvay contractor, orany personhaving to do with horses, would not have lost the twentieth part of the number under the same conditions, if they had been stuck on that very ground, from the same causes as those horses were lost..~ Cross-examined by Lord Lucan.-When the Sardinian axmy first caine into the Crimea hadthey any field duties to perform, and at what season of the year did they arrive s- 1don't remember the date, bat I saw every division march past my hut, know the ground they occupied, and took particular notice of what the Sardinians set themselves to do. _ notced, coming out of Balaklava the very week n which they had taken 'up the ground, that they had masons at work mending a road which we had never meddled with; that they were draining, were orening up springs, were breaking metal to form the road; and *sthin tnat week, as far as I could judge, the whole Sardinian army was comfortably tented-the ofracers in their small bell tents, the soldiers in the tentcs d'rahi. They had also put up temporary erections made of the brush timber of the district, and had formed the same description of protection for their horses. As to their field duties I canuot say, but I know they were supposed to be in the face of the enemy. As a civilian I am not competent to judge of the military duties which an army has to perform. I am merely speaking of what the Sardinians were doing in other ways -the making of roads and putting their camp in order-and this they certainly did with marvellous rapicity. 'In your evidence you have stated that railway horses would have suffered in a far less degree than did the cavalry horses under the sanie conditions. I ask you wFhether, when you made that statement, you took into considerton what had been the feeding of those cavalry horses9-lNo I did not, and I think I qualified mny statement by saying that I did not judge, except as a civilian. I did not pretend to saywhat soldiers nave to do besides looldng after their horses. I simply stated that if a railway-contractor, or any person in an analogous position, had been sent on to that ground with the same number of men, or with one-tenth of the men, and with the same number of horses, those horses would not have suffered from exposure to cold and frost as the cavalry did, alwvays providing, of course, that the r7erson who sent them out had also sent provisions to feed them. Mlr. U. tL Bracebridge, examinedbh Colonel Tulloch, stated that he had passel in the Crimica the five weeks terminating on the 5th ef June, and had during that period visited the cavalry at Kadikoi and the plateau in front of Lord Raglan's. The plateau was so exposed as to reader it difficult, he should imagine, to erect tuiere any temporary shelter for horses, bat in the valley such shelter, constructed of sailcloth and spars, might have been easily erected. Cattings might have been made in the earth, taking advantage of the undulating ground, and he calculated that in six hours an ordinary workman might complete such a cutting for one horse; at al events, allowing for imperfection of tools or want of skill on the part of the workman, it might be completed in 12 hours. Witness described a simple mode of covering the horses by kneaus of canvass, and gave it as his opienio that the material might have been procured from the vessels6 at Blalaklava, 105 of whose spare topsails, containing 126,000 feet of sailcloth, would have sufficed to cover the 2,000 horses. Great facilities existed for communication with Constautinople; there were generaUy three vessels up and three down in a day; and, from. his long residence at the Tarkish capital, ho believed that sailcloth to almost any extent imght have been procured there. At that time part of the Turkish fleet had been destroyed, and the rest was lying in harbour; so that, he appreheuded, there woud have been no difficulty in getting amost an unlimited supply from the Turldsh arsenals. ?Yarpenters, also, were nunmerous at Constantinople; at one thme, in consequence of repairs being necessary at the Scutari Hospital, 80 or 90 carpenters were set to work there. With regard to the horses, there was one article exported in ismmense quantities from the Black Sea which might have been most usefully applied in feeding them. Hehbad been in the habit of using lInseed in his own stables, both here and abroad, and being aware of the extremelyinjurious effects of feedinghorses uponbarleyalone he instituted an inquiry at Scutari, and mentioned the subject to several officers. Of course linseed could not be used there, as in England, by being boiled to a jelly; this would have involved toe much time and trouble; and it was, therefore, merely soaked and mixed with the food in such proportions as to produce greasiness. The horses then ate it, and it removedall those scorbutic effects produced by barley alone-which was very much like feeding men only on salt provisions. Colonel Rennedy, who commanded the Artillery, applied to the Commissariat at Constantmople for an issue of linseed; but they-refused, on the ground that they had issued all their contracts for forage, and they would not effect new contracts for linseed. He had mentioned this subject to Mr. Filder, General Scarlett, and other officers. Any cuantity of this linseed could have been bought at Conitantinople at, he believed, about 5s. a- bushel, and as food for the horses it would have been most beneficial. In the General Orders of General Codrington, about three weeks ago, it was directed that the mules should have oilcake, which was composed of linseed. Lord Lucan.-You have stated that any number of carpenters could have been found at Constantinopler is it not true that English carpenters were sent oun there by the Government to assist in the alterations and repairs at the Scu tarigHasuitali-That is undoubtedly true. The first of them arrived, I think, in February; there were about 16 in number. hajor-General Sir Richard Airey was the next witness called, and examinedX by Colonel Tulloch.-I understand that upon the 8th of nigovember you issued orders to Lord Lucan to provide shelter for his horses, and on the 12th you renewed those orders .-I thinkit was about those dates. I presume that when an order is issued, emanating from so high an authority, it is understood that the officer to whomit is addressed has the meajns of obeying it g-Certainly, to a great extenti When you issued such an order I p resue you knew or d the means of knowing whate number of men Lord Lucan was likely to have availabe for the purpose of providinao shelter-what number were emaployed upon the indispensable duties of the cam p-and, iu fact, whether it was practicable for his Lordship to carry the order into execution? -When Lord Englan desired me to convey those orders to Iord Lcan the cavalry had just got on totheirgnew ground, and as we had w ritten to Constantinople anbd were expecting. to receive materials for thne shelter of the: horses a letter: was sent to the officer commanding the cavalry to malin such preparations as he could for their shelter meanwhile. To my mind, it was quita evident that the onfly preparatio;s which the cavalry could make were in taidng Sthe groud, turning to account such3 labour and sulCh intrenching tools as they had at their dicmosal, excavating a little, and get'inzg the ground level, so as to be prepared for the uprightasudn wood we expected every day from Co.nstantinople. At that time had1 the ultimate site of the cavalr"-ramp been fixed unon?-o. Then, of course, +he men could neaiher have been,ffigting the ground nor- preparing upzigts-.-Wheu I nay the cava]ry werenot established 'uon their ultiznate ground the Board shouiM understand tlhit was not at all sure that it might not h1ve been their -ck=te station. Tjae fact is, I am placed here in rather a, peculiar positior. I was in close confemnce -with the Con rnander-m-Chic, and knew everything that was going~ on between him sud the CommRnders-1-Chief of the 3Ni armies. Therv-were various trausacnGons between thee- persons which it- vouild not be. conve,aient to mention here. I will-only say that theirconferences were continaL There was a particulat rcascn, which I won't now state, why the cavlry were upon t.he, gound to Which~ Colonel Tfloch is .now alludinmg. It an'lpears that l ,ord Lucn was written to and desirsd to 'nake temporary sbelter as well as he could for his horses. Probably it mightr have been intended only to suggest that the earth should. e embanked a iittle, and some temporary protection provided in this way. At this time, I zepeat, it was by no means certain whether ornot the cavalry wolId have to remain upon the plateaa; it depended on a varietyof contingencies connected with thereinforcements both of the French and Turlish aray. i But how was Lord Lucan to make temporary shelter before the wood arrived ? Vhat was he to do without materials ?-He might perhaps have embanked the earth, intrenched the ground, and have thrown up such temporary shelter as he best could. Was it not more especially your province to l-now whether Lord lLucan's men had or had not a sufficient quantity of intrenching tools to enable them to workl-Certainly, it was my province to know, and certainly I did know that they were very badly off for intrenching tools of all descriptions. The reasons were very apparent. We were at' that time engaged in breaking ground for a siege of enormous magnitude, for which we were not well prepated, and it was with the utmost difficulty that we got the enineers to spare us the tools for the regiments. The regula tions, it should be known, afford a very limited allowamee; I think the allowance is five pickaxes for a whole regiment, but I believe I have issued as many as 4G pickaxc-s to one battalion of the army in the course of five or fix lveeE The trenching tools of the English armiy aze nejoriously bad. Then, again, the English soldier doa-'not pay for these tools, unless he is found in the aCt lbf wantonly destroying thoem, tnd the consequence is *that he -uses them proverbil ilL All the regim§_nta in the ar-my were, until a very late period ind-d, extremely badly off for intrenching tools. If Lord Lucan had "o,aterisis and no intrenchingtoo1s, - how could he provide shelter as yos directed ?-You mistalc when you suppose that the cavalry had no intrenchinatools. Thsy were erzy badly off for t!lem, but I did not say they- had noae, . - - : It having been stated to Sir John M'11eill and myself, ir the ea-dence of Colonel Gordon. that Iord Lucan had been ordercd to make temporary .stables on the 8.h and 12th of NoTemnber, had we not good reason to paint out that there was "a want of promptitude or ingenuity" when we found that those stables were only completed in the middle of Feb,rnayw~, or threcenouthsafter the isiue of the order? Lord Lucan objected to 'the question. It wasesot within the provice o2^ the witness to pronounce a general opinion of that natare. This was the basiness of 2he Board-not of Colonel TUlloch loolked unpon this quetion as a m iim portant oney both for the Board, the cormmissioners, and th ci~ontsy, and pressed forperneission to put it. The JUD GE-ADVOC ATE announced that no decision would be given upon the point by the-lBoard untl their next meet. The Court then, at 4 o'clocdk adjourned until Monday.
PARLAMIEITAY NOTICES. ITOTTRF. nR ? - A -, I I The Earl of Albemin.e.-To pve5ent s peution fro-m certain mbsbitants of the Presidency of MadraA, complaining of the infliction of torture by the officers of Government; attributing the practice to weig,ht in the assessment of the Governmeutrevenue, and praying for protection; also, To move toresolve, that by report lately laid on the table, it is proved to the entire convkicion of the House that torture, or the inditotion of pain for the purpo2e of confession or extortion. has long been practised, and stiUl coutinues to be practised by the native ofticers of Government in the reaization of the public revenues and the administrationof criminallaw,to a greaterorless extent, throughoutallthe 20 provuces constituting theGoveumacntof Madras; That the aforesaid torture, although claudestine aud unauthorized has been formany years knoon andadmittedbytheoonstitntedauthorities athome andin India. aashosenbythepunbcrecords; Thatthis House views. the afo1esaid practice of torture, afrecting so manymrillions of HIer Majesty's subjects, wbether as an instrument for the reaLzration of the public revenues or the administration of crImiault law,; or for any other purpos3e whatsoever, as repugnant to natural justice, abhorrent tohumanity, and highly digacefulto tho character of this nation; That this House hereby pledges itself to pursuo the speediest anu most effectual measures within its power for the annihilation of tha odiou andcharbarous prac'.iceof torture within the ahovementionedl B3LIS A'POfnThD A20)D -NOtncEs The Earl of Sandwicb,-To inqsflr of the Postmaster-General the reasons which have induced him to vithdrawv from the prosecution of the Postmaster o' luntinedon at tbe late assizes,-Tuesday, the 15thi of A riL Schoo (Scotland) 1 Second. lreaing on Thursday, the r, th of The MZIarquis of Salisbury,-To move for copies of all documents and peitions relating to the discage of certain cmnvicts upon tickets of leave,-15nday. the 18th of April. The Esrl of Alhemarle,-To prsent a poUtion from the European. the Chinese, an other Asiatic mcchanta of Singapore, remDnstraing a$aist the introduction by the Governsent of India of a novel and lushly inconvenient currency instead of a long established, convenient, and satisfactory one, thereby throvimg cnfusioninto the commerce of that and the Associated Brtis3h settlem entsimthe Straits of Maiscc, -Monday, the :1st of April. Church Diisiphue Bill,-Second reading on Monday, the 21st of arriage Law Amendment Bi1-Secoad reading on Friday, the 25th of April. VlscountDangon,-Tomovetore ;lye,thatem-periencehasiyoved the present system of granting tickets of leave to convicts tobe njurious to the interests of society, dasgerous to the security of property. and tending to the inerease rather than the diminution of crime; it is thereforemost important anddesirable that ler Majesty's Goven.- meat should take the matter into their serions consideration, anud devisesome means, either by providing employment for convicts so released at homne ormi the colonies, or otherwise, of relieving the publicand the country from a most fearful and grow.ing evi,L-Friday. the 2d of Mlay. EOUSEiB OF CO2IMONS, IKtol*-Da A.RM 14. OstDoaS oFr xi DAY. Supply,-Committee. Ways and Meaus.-Committee. Public Works BDIL-Third reading Pabe Works (Ireland) BD1,-Thhid reading. Bankers Comnosition Bill.-Second reading. Poor Law Amendment Bill,-Second readinJuries (Ireland) B1i1-Second reading. Prisons (Ireland) Bill,-Committee. Courts of Common Law (Ireland) BiLl,-Committee. Burialgrounds (Ireland) BilL.1-Committee. Juvenlle Offenders (Ireland) Bill.-Committee. Leases and Sales of Settled Estates BiL,-Second reading. Banlrxptcyand Insolvency (Ireland) BDiL,-Second readiag. Vaccination Bill, -ommittee. Medical Qualifcation andItegistration Bil,-Second reading. Disenters Marriages Bi1,-Committee. Jointtock Batks Bil3a-Commlttteo. Scotch and Irish Pauper Removals Bll,-Second reading. Fire Insurances BilL -Secondreadng. Joint-Stock Companies 1111,-Committee. 11ankruptey (Scotland) 11il1,-As ansendedto bc considered. Canibridge JUniversity BDLr-Second reading. Partnership Amendment (Io. 21 11111-Second reading. Oath of Abjurstion BDL,-Comnmittee. NOTICES OF 550T0i I n b ColoDel Dunne.-To ask the ChiefSecretary for Ireland wuhether th roor law Comuslieoners have instituted, or intend to institutc, legal proceedings against the guardians of the poor of the Mliddleton Union. reland, to comlel them to paythe costs of as action which the coom. missioners defended against the tzustees of the Earl of AUiddleton's lhlr. Humphrey Brovwn,-To askc the Vice-President of the Board oif Trade, whether he intends bringing in a bill for the better regulatiom fJf railway and canal traffic ? Andwhether he intends bringing in any bill for the better prevention of accidents an mitways, by a more sighted responsibility orilw;ay officials s Colonel Duane,-To ask the nder Secretary for the War Departmnont. why a return of the pay and allowances of the foreign troops irt the British service, ordered some tiine since, has not been laid on the table of the houses Viscount Raynham,-To ask the SecretaryofState for the Hsome Department, whether, pending any alterations in St. JamessPark. the privilege and great eonvenience of passing through the park iz cabssill be conceded to the public? Mr. I. Butt,-to ask the Chief Secretary for Irelaid. whether it is theintention of Her jIaesty's finisters to introduce any measure in consequence ot the approaching expiration of the provisions of theF Crime and Outrage Act onthe 1st day o!Jly s M'W. iiams,-To ask the JUnder Seccetaryfor War, whethercomplaints have been recieived that haby sent to the Crimea has been of bad quality and in a damaged state;- and, if so, whether he will lay on. the table of the house the informationreceived on the subject?s MZr. Verou,-To askthe Chancellorof the Echequxrwhether it is the intention of the Governuenst to introduce a bilforthepur- g the Government or the trestees ot the Xatior entire colecrtions of pletures with the view oa selling such portion of such collections as it may be undesirable or unnecessary to retain in the Gallery? Mllr. Puller.--ave of absence. at half-past 4 o'clock, to Mr. Frewen, to the ed of the montb, ill health. Mr. Thompson,-Address for return of the books purchase, with the compensation grant, by the Scottish umiversities during the year 1S6, 1847, 1849, 1851, and 183, with the prices aunexed. Mr. Cowper,-Address forretuns of nmedical licen3es from each ot the zuiversities of Oxford, Cambridge. London, Durham. Edinburgh. Glasgow, St. Andrew's, lioes Coilege and &arischal College at. Aberdeen, and the Queen's Untivesity m Ireland. Mr. Blackburn,-Accounts of the yearly expenses of the Board of Commissioners for the advance of loansfor publc Works, &c-; Of the amounts placed at the dispoeal of the commirsioners underthe eeveral acts of Parbament passedfor that pnrnse, the amonnts advanced, andthe amount remaining unissed on thelst day of April, 1856; And, of the amounis advanced to borrowers, and contracted to be advanced. the dates of such advances, the objects thereof, and how to be repaid, the rates of interest, aounonts of interest paid. of prmcipal repaid. and of principal remaining Tmpaid, distinguishing good. frombaddebts, onthelst day of Ap, 1856 (in continaion of 1'aliamentary PaperS,o. 5120!£ sessioniV). Colonel rrench,-Rteturn of the regiments of militia in the united kingdomthatvoltultecred forservice abroad during thelate war. Mr. B. Eillce,-Return of al sums of money advanced on publirc account since January, 1846, for biildiung adding to, or otherwise improving and maintainig fisheryharboursin Ireland; And, similar returnrelative to Scotland. Colonel Dunne,-Retumrn of a those guns which have burst at the siege of Sehasitpol; stating the description and calibre of each gun. number of rounds sred vwen the gum became unservieeable, and supposed cause of suchbmusting; And. like rettuu for Sveaborg. Mr. I. Butt,-ltetuan of alU the counties, baronies, or other districts in Ireland now. under the operation of the provisions of the Crime and, Outrage Act, or any of them; distinguishing the provisions of tbAt act inforcein each of such districts, and the date ofthe proclam2tiom placing it underShe provsiosw of the act. Mr. HleadDamo,-Rteturns of the amoant that has been collecked in t,he case of every baulcroptcytbai hasbeen wond up in the course of the years 1853, 185, anudIpSS Of thseamount that has been expe~d in each ease in the colleotioar. and admlinistration of the assets; -istiniguishing therein the amo0unt at elltors' charges, officia references commoission fees, and, other charges mode orpaidhysofficecs of the court;- Of the amnount of aeetsrealized or dividends paid in each case: And, of the rertof court premises: and list of offlcers, with their salaries, and mode of payment in esoh district. Mlr. Cowan,-That the return " oE house brea'kings and other depredations in. Scotandta &c. (presmied on the 31st of Jaunuay7asti, bo .Printed. PIr. Covwer.-To nominate comittee en Meedical Profcsion Bill:3Ir. Cowper, M. Headiarn, Mr. eady, 31r. Craufurd. Sir William Heatheote, air." Lord Po4crt Grosvenor, Ms,. Blackl Colonel Dmuae, Mr. Be;l,3. Stratt, XMr A. nstie, Mr. How and Mr. 'rW ilson,-CLvil Servico E3thaes, including cMvil ;OntingcntieL (in.Committeo of Supply), On going inic,Cnnittee of Supply. tr. Baillio.,-Thast, in the opiion of this House. t'ze comse takenr by the Minuisirs of the Cren.sinthe employment of .3entsto enlist. t he citzens of focelguPoweerinifhe service ofHerMr4sty,iade6itncel jof the law s o£ thosecountisjs,. nndl in despite of public±emaoustraneee, is is consistent i itS the goodifaith aud friendlyceondnctw;hich ought to characterize all ourrelstinr, s.ih allied Slates, undhacStndedto lowver the dignity, to.endanger the pece, and o0 comproerr$e the heo30r of' the nation. Sir D. LjErans_-Amendm*nt on motion of tho :;embcr for Inverness on recrciting inLcutial countriEsecontraryht4temational law, toleave wt from_thcfitswevd " tha." to the e,otf the question, ih orderto addthewords, -in.tho mean resortedt4by Governmentfoe roinforeng.our arsay in. the field. it is the ocsion of this House. that, inslead of' inviting; enisqtments from the tsited States, it haa been mee politic to have entertained such oras as wvere made b3 higbhl respectable parties for raising corPs fv,m among ova 19pa±r Canadiaofellow~env-. cests instetieheror. Sir }B.: Parry, -Toal tAineX attention of the 1le.sse to the increasing annuatdeficlt in thecrvenucs ofInd in. I,n comnuttec o0 aoD m MlTsl- 31 Mlilnes-(Ca the motion for tW main est'Lmate o0 the elpenee. of t.be ~d1sh ASiseum, to call ottention to the present ssofmofmaiiagrsnoot and rstronage mn th oetabllslumeot. espcinlr soithwefcxenrtoe tbaxeport o£1850. fr. L. iCing,-To, call the attention o£ tbe committee to t>e foleoaeEgsllnm ea3-'cn0d umderthe head of£.vfl contingncies.daring Ceo&siSAcZic oAbnemArts * 810 9. 0 Itegistration of Titlcr1 6I.and.. 612 & 6 ,Pleading. &c., Court-of Chancczrs 710; 9 3 Pleading, &c., Court,*-of Law 10 1:5 5 Law of Bankrouptcy . 182l1 9 Division of Parishes, . I. . 1,027 10 0 CaAsedrala1ndGoL'egteCChurcbes GG1 8 3 C- e oSGoodf BkeD ' .. .. 13, TI 10 IZ J.P. Fearon, Solcitor advaxmop for Suits on Ch=Itites 5..' . , . . ,p3OW O yesr.tI f in--OnTota ofthe e-0e. m,itrd econtin o en eceduregtne 1iM6, to Liove that the s g,3z ted be a sumn eDo exoaeling Lr. Farnes,-3httatea NQ. 6; N4)onconformTznin c y-To move that the ailtoaxnnc for r,,gw- 'congrgaios l-s.mntes t 4694s. 8d. each (total £346 3s. 4dj ba struck out. lMr. Kersbaw.-Estiuiate . ag. £; ionconfornin, clergk-To move that the sum of £00 for. n,genh salariis and al-ancess be strucnc out! .An also, that £0152 5s. sidi fo cler3s of .ypodsb,e0a110wC0a ~fr.PUatt.Estixat_No. % --ntormin~ ergy-To dissao thesum of X307.6 1s4&edb for-4 ! ministers lfirek claes) at £99 Gs.& d. each, and 435 min stereAsccon-g class) at £65 4s. Shg eich. -r. Hadfeld,-To disallrw tbe sum of :,2..Q97 1is. 6d, for;42 minisers who hbve ap. ircowme of £100 a-year,. or npwards, us parttcuiarly shown in a surWoined able. 'r. yWilsou,-Oo.tlmil, reading of P&b.PlF Wor3s Bill, to IrOge a clauseto follow lwse. T-Commnisidonem for executing recdb9u, actl and this .Ct to l, asail accoUnts befo_c,sha5ment.) Mr.Wilson,-On. thk&rrea'llng 'of Putblip. Works (Irclana) BiL, to move a clauses to fvcow -a.use 9 :-(OpmaisOneis fon carcutinu reeiteclacts arthis act to layannuma3accounts Mefore Parldi mo.v) Mr.V. csily-Orcoureainct ,imes(Irelana)~l=.to mOse6 that itbe rc erredtza select commtce hlr. I. Bolt,- rCommittee OnD Cbups of Commson. vs5r (frelndl Bill, tom goove e;:.nso In Cznmittee on Bnrwigronursa Q1relandj Bill, Mr. .9alerant O'B-iea and 1;ir. Meaber, to move a=udmepsts. M3r. Moore.-On the motAon timat the Speaker do now leave tlV c'b'ir for going into Commiltee onjuvenile OfferAers (Ireland) BIll. b *Dove. aRsaniAnendment, t)i tliOtb?mrsrolsfl of atts blawre rotC5 d ior by tho inoral condition of the luvenmie population in Ireland. aud arc asumlited to the .iszoms andbimbits thay are repuSnant tpthe sodla feelings of the Iish People. lMr. T. Duncombe.-Oa motion for going Into oommittee OaV-.ccls%itio Bill to move th2t this Holuse will, upn this day seM Months, resolve itself into *he said commaittec. 3Ir. T. luncoimbe,Iu Conminten o accnstion 1u_1 T0 mov Mr. Inui -Xu Commnittee on Disenters' arrLa EaBll to Wove 3r Vdt9ansittarwt-Onmotion for second read)iin of Eire Insr*amresa. Bill, to movethatit berevad aecondstems u,pon tisI da xis,spmmit, In Commiteec on Joint,Stoclc OoinP0niv4 ltUl, 3Mr. <facllt aM 1 Fitrr.oZ Kel, to mgort olaesses.
*I3ICCADILLY, overlookin' the G-reen-parl.-To be JLSOLD, the LEASE and FURNITURE, of a very dlesirable Itl~ UDE?0CE, with immediate possession. Apply to Mir. F~. Beeston, 2. Piccadilly. jj(ENSINGTO.N-SQUARE.-Suited. for a large JL'5 faily schoo. o bordhz-husea LrgHOUSE, with garden. Om moderate terma. Stabling if required. Apply to Air. Chestertotu, hiome agent, Kensington. DEGENT-STREBT.---To U.pholsterers, Saddlera, JL,Jewellers Public Companies,and otheos.-A 5rst-CltasHOUSE~ to be LET. on I~on, Leasemin the heat part of Regent-street. For pa-tic'slars and terms apply at Si, Quadrant. LD R H T .-uidn Grotmd.-To be LET, nitvautageouASITSor orpriyate dwellings, Apply to Ifs Hemming. Clift-hoose Works, Dlow. nier Londen. X1ESTMILNSTER.RZOAD.-To be LET, a ap-it-al T Feight-roomed HOUSE, with large Shop, andI side private en. trance. Itent £t40 per aDnum. ApPly at 19, Walcot-place west, Ken. ztlngton. between Ill and 4. TLSTER-TERRACE? Regent's-prk.To bo D)1SV POSE_T1Dr OF. the LEASE of one oftoaesml HOUSES, so beatifllysitate ad eligible for a small family. Rtent £120 per haftum, wifthh opporltunt of taking some appropriate ftumniture at a vnluation. Applyt Mr Egoo's offic, i_S. Thipole-street. 1ELGRAVIA.-X85 per Annum.-A 14-roomed BIgentlemanly R,ESIDECIsM at the above greatly reducedl rent. Apply on the premites, 34. Belgrave-rond, or at 24- Theosituationlis thie test in this handlaome road. BELGRAVIA.-A small HOUSE to be LET, in B oue of the best positions, part of wh-ich is eligi e oapermarieottenant. Apply to Mr. Fceyherg,house agentl,GI,rosvenor-street wez,t Eaton-siluaro. lH-APEL-STREET, Belgrave-square.-To be LET. 4.JFuruislhed. a charmning little HOUSE. with c-oach-house and stablea a;te ched. Apply to Mlr. Freyherg, homse agent. U1, Grosvenor-street s-t. Eaton-sqiuare. 1ATO?N-PLACE.-To be LBT, wellFurished, fr ELone or two years. a commodious RESIDENCE, with tambling. For PArticula3ra and c-ards to view apply to Messrs. Snell and Co., uphelders naoL estate agents. 27. Albemarle-street. Piccadilly. TOWVNDES-SQUARE.-First-class STABLI, L comuprisin six sWals, with loose box, standing for four adgi nest rooms over, to beLbT.on LEASE. For particulars and crst vi,w apply- ts Mesmr. Scell and Cii., upholders and estate agents, 27, A'bcmarle-st,eet. l'iccadilLr. 4~URREY.-Near a Station on the eat and IJReading Line.-TobheLET,on LEASE, a aitlFA IY i, NI P&NGE Is,eatesl in a smallI park, commandigetnieves.o it nl-is-oe elevation. finished in the most compeemanr onann IS lid an-d dressing; romsm. the usualreeiorom,adlleq.site attached and detached olles,adexelntsacig orpr t.r-ia- and card; to view apply to Msr. ml nt o,upodr arid e,tate agent.'. 27. Albermarle-street, PicendiLly.~ IHFr GROSVE-NOR-PLACE.--To b E elFr 4nished,.a RESIDENC~, suited to thereception of'a large family, withcoach-house and stables. For particulars and cards to view apply tsMsss Siiell and Co.. upholders and estate agents, 27, Albemarle- sIe;.liccaslilly, HYDE-PAIRK-GAIIDE S.-To be SOLD, a capi- tal FAXILY RESIDENCE, containing 11 bed and dressing rooms, spacious reception rooms, rePlete with every convenience for Cal- r'eeeticn Of a reottclua's family; coach-namle and four-stall stable. For pacticulari and cards to VIew a p ply to Messrs. Snell and Co.. upholder suit estate agents, 27. Albemarle-street. Piccadilly. ~3ELGRAV%E-SQ2UARE.~-To he SOLD the BLE-ASE and FUR.IlTURE ofan excellent RESIJDENOk. For p rt-ticulars.and cards to view -aPPly to Messrs.Snel and Co., upholders aad estate acents, 27. Albemsarle-street, Piccadilly. "I RAIFTON -STREET, Berkeley-square--To be X-X SO LD, the CITY LEASE of a capital FA'.MILY MANSION, withl noble reception rooms, extensive ollice&s. tabling for sia. horses, coacia-Lousze, living rooms, and laundry,lie. For particulars and cards ±5) v;ewaptply to M1es-rs. Snell and Co., upholders and estate agents, 27, Alliemorie-stiett. riecadili5-_ ALBE31ARLE.STREET.-To be LET on LEAE A an excellent RESIDENCE, containting eghit bed rooms,anol frn.~ drawing room,. and two Others, excellent dining room, a lbay an I gentleman'airoom. and commiodious offices. For particularsan cards to vie.v appdy to Meas.rs Sie11 anid Co., upholders and estate ag-ruts, 27. Albvmarle-street, Piccadilly. TEW BOND-STREET.--To be LET, unfttrnislied, Nthe entire IJTPPEII PAtT of a large newvly-rbuilt HOUSE, containing suite-sof apartmentsamid domestic ofices. Thiswould beasuerccdent opportunity for any one desirotu of taking premises to be let in cliasilers. or. would suits a irsit-rate milliner, For liarticLlulas and cards toj v5mw apply to M',essrs. Snell and Co., upholdlers and estate agents, 27. Uearesre.Piccadillv. STAFORDSIRE nea Chedle-To be LET on tEA fr tem f eas, cpialFAlIfLY RE-SIDENCE, wisha Mnor r aout3,00 aces. he omecomprises fouir receptton o-iims ad abuilasiroo, mneou failbed rooms, andI servants sdre'in roos: he uualattahedand etahedoffices, and capital stiling Theren ismodeate Fo paricuarsand cardis to view n;pyto esss. nel an Co, uholersandestate agents, 27, Alboe- URBITO?i-HILL.-To he LET, fur-nished or uinI'sJ furiished, for a term of years, wvithin five miniutes' wvalk ofa. sintois1 on the South-Western Railway, and 12 mifles fronm Londlon. a gee. t-e-mrfs VILLA IIESI)ENCE, stanlding in its Owns plea,sure and gardim grounds of about twro acres, andI app~roachecl by a lodge entrance ; containing- seven bed roomns, ladies'bouno.ir. two drawing rooms, large dainin roonm aid conservatory, and excellenit doirestic offices., with eve,ry c.auvenienLee. adstabting for three or fourborses. For partieulAr., and cArd- apply to Mess-rs. SucII and CD_, upholders and estate agents. 2-7. Albeniarle-street. Piccadilly. DA I- OAD, Stoke Newington.-To be LET or .LSOLD a convenient 10roomnes, HO)USE, with addlitions. large tps-Ein laid nt, andl the new tnxtures may be takcen atla valuation, with ilmmediate Possession. Renit from the half quarter. Apply tD3Mr. ReAd-a, ZG. Pork-road, Stoke Neweington. ETlSH-TOVWNL,-To be LET, in-this healthy locality, in an open andI cheerful situration. several seven-roomed lfousEs. with ki"tcheus, finished and fitted with every conveanience ; -verfectly dry and neatly decorated. Rtent £25per annun. to respon. ,s:hie partes. FEor fat'her Particularsapply toMir. S. Taylor,plumbr -&C.. I and 2, Alluny-pince. Kentish-towen-road. J)tL IH-CO1NU*ION.-.-Furni.9hed.- ~Iessr-s. Hfer- rigand Sonare instructed to L ET, for a few months, a desirable detace FA ILI7 RESIDENCE, in extensive grounds, wilih offices, Stabrig -them_eof ace,sr- Ac. The home is app,roached bya lodge entrarce and carriagea drive, anid contains seven lied rooms, bath room, Store v-ons. spacious draws-ig room. con:ervaWor. dining room, Large WWXIKENHAIII neal- the Railway -Station--To be T LT iarshesi or unfurnished. a pretty semni-deltached VILLARESnIDENCE. niandsomely furnished., containing three bed rooms, drai- we dining. andI breakfast rooms, servant's- bed roomi, goodi 1-i ,ten.and other offices; nice garden, with greenhouse. May be had. a,niuraih,ed ansi fitted, an!d other furniture talken at valuation. For CArzSato view and teruss apply to Mr. Cain, auctioneer and estate agent, UPREY, 10 miiles of town, and 1A f-rom a Railway 6'ao.tiozi To be LET. Furnished, a charniiig VILLA, containing tacc ~ig roms;makes up une bela. It stands Iiigh and dry us 3n'.- i-) -terra Of ornamental1 grounds, not Overlookedl, andI has litch~zsv -ard ceachs-house. andI stables. Apply to M1essrs.Brooks atr I Fl-af estate agen s antI auctioneers, tto. Piccadilly. Iwt-ITHI-N TWO- HOURS' JOURNEY by RAILSTi '%AY.-`kA.NTFD. to RE.NTr infoiraisbed, a FAMILY RESIDEN CIL with the u-uaLl appurtenances, and about taO acres of araVse =d crrass land. Particutlars and terms3 to be addres;sed to C. J1., 2,-~sars, lt-ooks and Bears, estate alerts and auctioneers. 209, Ficca, (di.y. 117 ITHI-N ON HOR's JOURNEY by RAIL- 'WAY, and two Miles of a Station.-WANTED. to RENT, 1,ro-si-ied or unfurnished, a RES1IDENCE, to contain thiree sijtting4 rlz.es' and 10 to 12 bed roo,ns. usual offices, conch-house, and stables'. Lo-iI not ol-jected1 to. blti not rejilred. Address T., Esq.. Miesses. riisan.-t B,ears, estate agents and auctioneers, 209. Piccadilly. xv ILTS, To le ~LET, Niturnished, a capital ML1ANIVSI N, atal,estfor the receptioni of the faunily of a noblemnan or gmtlsnaa c- fotun. Th plssaegrunts are extenisive and very lsssstfii; terese grvelandgren aar walks above three stiles in xtet i th shuberis, lanatin,anid wildcrness; the fruit and e-'ussarvatory, and vineris.dt ll ttblir om,ms xeln stllating, c~asb-houise. saddle and ans ons h ih fsotn ext-srds over 4.000 acres, well prsvead htdigwhgm; f rxtounds within three mit es, sdsvrlohrpcsi ayrah Av" tc -.L with or withuafrmoshout 405 ces Cuchabu 1O ininutes,' wilk fromi telehoue, Apyt ess iek n el e-,r:e agents ard auctioneers, 219 iedly ~U-ILDING GROUND,-FREEHOLD GROUND B toble LET or SOLD, suitable for public institutions, houses, Or f pa,tt..Mr. 1). lihE~13, Greshar.n-strect. UMS-ISHEHOUSE, eig-ht rooMs, in one of the lFhcalthies sqsuares at Islington, to lie LEOT, for four ntonths. at -onl-y £El1 o, per week. Address, D. F.. Care Of MIr. Barker. S. Blirchin- 1REEHOLD PROPERTV.-For SALE, a dlesirable FLFREEEIOLD ESTATE of sevecrt hotises, witht large nianufactnring Treuiises Zttacheil. being- Nes. 142 to 147. Upper rhutecross-ztreet, St. CL-ke-Arr's r particulars apply to 'Mr. H1. HDils, 4, Chatham-pIace, Ca:hrerwell-grov-e. 1~REEHOLD.-To be SOLD, toget-her or separately, F TOwe ii-siate COTTAGES, to pa'y 0percent.. conita&ining sevenI ru-maseach, with larg-egardens, ins healthiyrespecta,ble neighbour,hood, three mifles from the city, Surrey side. One can be had for occupation if desired. Address Mr. Slatle, at 3. Clarence-place. Cambe-rwel,. 1~URNISHE HOUSE.-T be LET,for six A.monthis, an eight-roomed HOUSE in the immediate vicinity of refiliburygrove, Islii'gton. comifortably Furni,1hed, with every accomt- r-Cati'an or a small f'amily. Terms maoderate. Rtespectable references required. Address Z.1I, Y., post-office, Wells-row, Isiington. 1-_REWVERY,-To be LET, a small BREWl-ERy B" llant 21 quarters, complete,, with dwelling-houise anid etablfing, a6t a, ery mode~rate price. Rent low. Apply to Mr upry rkr L,ondun-street, Greenwvich; or to W, J., 13, Frederick-road, Lorrimaorca anare. WaLworth. fOTTAGE RSIDENCE.-To ho ET, a semiCdetached COTTAGE. pleasantly situate at Wood-green, near the HloruseY Stationi. It containis nine rooms, a nd is tittedt with every convenience. Rent £15. Inquire of' Mr. Herbert, Wellington, Horns. seyizato. Green-l-anes, fIOA , Carcal,and WVood U IES salse upwars ofP1 yars.near BerkleyadGrseo bqtrs- o h SOLD,a gret barain,th LEASE ofHUEadP ICISES, wvith the oodillof te Ssinss.in conseqtuence of thiedet of the pro1pristor. Apply toR It eiy get 7. alourt-stret, Grosvenor-sqiuare. V,ERY superior first-class VILLA,a ihod smdeached, writhin three myinutes' walfteRiwySn COsu. Very sulsatantial large rooms, tastefully fnse,cptlofcs replete wAith fixtures, three water-closets, walled adn elhl anod beautifully placed, quLite fit in every respc o aal fdsic tion, For terms and cards to view appl oM.Ci,acine andl estate a=gent. Richmond; or to Mjessrs. ogr,Nro,adTit Old Br-ad-street, London. V IO LADY -with only her datiglhter,havinuga ~;r te codr an convenience, very near Hyde-pDas'te and lIen- oi1W-lth e~,ser iouo- ,TRC,tonaingtrese sttbleag ro tomsan cidlilren. for three or six months. as reqodired; or would receive a gentletnan. engagodor oth,erwie.to beard audreside. Either sitting room assay be appropriated, if desired, to his mse. Fell particulars may be oh'ained fromn Mir Inebbld.ll Aldine-chausbers, 13. Paternoster-row. - I,ey roitbleBU IN SStobe DISPOSED A OF,for he mreprce f tle lese ad fxtures. capablep of bein ln Srat horngh3r, ad tc huselowretetL A small stock to be tiken. The coming-in not exceeding £100 altogether. It is in tho g-utta percha and India rubber lne. and the season is just approaching to sell large quantities of tubing for vatering gardens, AddreEs to Z., care of Wr. Hundley, 64, St. Martinb-lane, Charing-croes. F IRST-CL:0ASS HOTEL, Tavern, and Coffeehouse to be DSPOSED OF. wvith immediate epossesion. It has been many years established, end has long ranicecas one of the most imTpoenant establishments of its kind in Bondon, The premises are necesas.rtiy extensive, nnd have recently, aS a great expense, been put into complete order. Thc business in oftShe most respeclable and profitablo besription. Particulars maybe obtained by principals on application -to [r,.a Gardiner, auctioneer. 17, Hratton-gs.-den. F URNISHED RESIDENCE, withina mileofthe J s Fher Station, on the South-Western Railway.-To be LET, for nese yesr, a comfotable well FURNISHIED COTTAGF. with front and backelawn and a garden. The house contairs threesittingrooms, fou-bedcbhamesand alinenroom. on one floor, and two commoediousattics for four female servants. The situation perfectly rural, but not lonely. and within a mile of the station. Por terms and cards to viewaply to AIr. John Dawson, auctioneerand estate agent, Marlborough-chiambers, 49, Pall-mall. IhETACHEED COTTAGE RESIDENCE, on the AlGreat Northern Ptailway.-To be LET', a very deirble IOESI- ])E2NCE ple.asantly- situate, nine m0ilets frlom towv, sad( within l.l mile of ast3ETon; PontamRingseven bel rooms, dressing room, bathr oom drawl_F and dining rooms, library, housekeeper's room, and the usual Comestoc ofices, weith stable, chise-homse, outbueld in)s, nd large well- 3T, Fordn HFor furtherUGarticulars and ofders to hiew apply to escr,es of mooranCameron Pland taents and surveyors, n4. Old Broad. street andert. ialbmbe and Btasnet. TTPSET PRICE, £519,000.-To be SOLD by Public LJRoup within Mressrs Cay and Black's Sale lrooms, 43, George sceet.dsnbmrgh onWedndady. tbol6thof April, ISi06 tl in the afternoon (if not Previously disposed of by private b3rgain1. she LANDS of EAT FOR11H andCLjEUGH in the parish of CauItshow and county of Laak,extendingtoSlTiniperal acres, or thereby, whereof there are 83 acre3sof ,moor and plantation, and 20 of heather and mess, ana tlsereman3nderisarable,and either snider the plough os in pasture Alougwrith the lands wllo Sol 0d. Itiht to the Mtinerals contained in c4,l n,th ironstone, imeroc, firecLay, and sandstone. -s McCuICli,cLatHailtone-green.near Forth, will ihow the marehes: fd further information wil be given by Messrs. Maconechie And '5snC.n. yr8., 10. Hilt-street, Edlnhureb. whn will show the titlo 'g 1gbjo~ Mgiaoie sfi- briters Laaaxkr. m, TOND)ON and SOUTH WESTERN RAILWAY. L X Iotice.-Tho VAU)UXLLIJ STATION of this Company havin been this evening DESTROYED by FIRE, NO TRAINS will CALL atVaunhali to take uip or set down passengers Uo., until further notice. The traffic of thLe line will in other respects be continued as u s u a l. L. CROMBIE. Secrtary. Waterloo-bridge Station, Sunday Evening, April 13. 1856. nANISH THREE per CENT. LOAN, 1825.- 1LF Notice is hereby gtvren, that. in conformity with the terms of the c-utract for the above L,oan. 285 SPECIAL BONDS, asnovanting to the sum of XZ5,ODO, the particulars whiereof are at font, have been Purchaf5by Messr. N. M. ltotbachildand Sons6 betngthe 02d halfSyorIr purchase of bonds piurchased fo)r the Royal Ministry of Finance at Copenhagen, appropriated to the redemption of the, said Loan, which bonds were this day CANCELLED, and deposited in the Hank of England by his -Excellency General d'Oxbolmn, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Majesty the KCing of Denmark, at the Court of London. and the said SMessr. W. SI. Rothschild and Sons, in presenceoof Mr. John Newton, NTotary-Plublic:- iU Ltter A, 101 215 736 1144 1469 - 2564 2610 2690 130 3772 4124 4198 4200 4160 4161 4.462 4581 4835 4836 4971 5l9i WI5 W542 5853 5154 5455 5496 5457 5488 5459 546 546 5402 5463 5464 5650 5406 547 5468 549 540 5723 5724 5725 5728 5940 5948 6264 0902 GM8 683 7235 7239 7240 7241 7242. 72-43 7244 7245 7273 7147 7561 75988 8134 042 8005 8673 9743 10079 10080 1008 10815 10706 1070Oi9 10853 10954 10855 10955 10857 11218 11219 11M22 11221 11222 11534 11693 11694 11695 11696 11697 11698 11699 11700 11701 11702 11703 117011 31705 11708 11707 11708 11709 11710 21711 11712 1171 11714 11725 11716 11n71 11735s 11719 11720 117291 11722 11721 I11724 11725 11726 117-27 11728 11729 11730 11731 11732 11735 11734 11735 1736 11717 111173 173 11740 11741 11757 11758 11759 12008 12,274 12545 12811 100 13501 1412-2 1423 14121 14125 14126 14127 14507 14508 14500 14510 14529 14932 34972 141973 1497.4 145875 11916 14977 14978 14979 14980 14981 15492 15021 19735 19739 15740 1603 16157 1846 16464 18475 10478 16477 10478 160599 16770 16772 16994 17481 17484 17486 17497 17514 17549 17916 1028 18741 19181 1 9'-7 19440 19950 19622 19769 20010 20875 21010 21105 215009 21510 21511 21512 21513 21511 21515 21867 22458 22859 221937 22588 2258 22550 22591 22592 22593 23105 23106 Beinig 210 Bonds of £160 each are.£22~,000 0 0 Lettr B3. 45 46 310 331 352 353 15 355 3M 334 445 509 523 533 565 702 703 762 763 704 705 7048 707 768 709 1008 1125 1227 1493 1495 1674 1710 Being 32 Bonds of £V210 each. are.5,000o 0 0 Letter C. 571 422 423 424 425 446 606 607 608 618 700 7229 749 789 820 W4 Being 16 Bonds of z£500 each are.6 ,000 0 0 Letter D. 97 093 193 231 311 317 477 552 51 6 82 719 702 835 1.299 1291 1312 1350 Being 17 Bonds of £1l,000 each arc . 17,000 (0 285 Bonds, amnounting to the suns of fifty-five thousand pounds sterhiag . £55,000 0 0 Lendon, April S. 1856. ER MAJESTY's THEATRE.-It is yesPact!al .11 announced that Hler Majesty's Theatre will RE-OPENerl Mlay. Engagemnents of great interest have been effected both in Opra end Ballet, aud the best exertions used to make the arrangeents worthy of the occasion. The prospectus will shortly bo issued The subscribers and friends of Her Majesty,'s Theatre, who feel an interest in the sucecess of this grcnt establishlment, are respectfully invited to forwardI early intimation of their intention to subscribe. The Season will consist of 30 nights, anni the prices wvill be as follow :-Pit boxes 128 to 110 guineas;. grand tier, MS t a 200 guineas:, one pair, 120 to 1I0 guineas ; two pair, 7 5 to 180 guineas; pit stalls, 25 guineas. The boxellice is now open. _D YAL ITALIAN OPERA, LYCEUM.- X%) To-morrow (Tuesday,Api 15). being the first nizht of the season, will be performed Vendi's opera, IL TROVATORE. The principal characters by Madame Jenny Fey, Mdlie. Di%We. Madame Tagliafico, Signor Graziani, Signor Tagliafiro. Signer Soldi, Signor Gregorio, and Signer Tamberlik (who is-ill perform for a few nights only previous to his departure for Binl Janeiro). Conductor-Mlr. Costa. The performances wvill commience at 8 o'cock. Entrances ': Tote rvate boxes andI pit stalls thraugh the portico in Wellingtonstet;t he pil by thle Strand entrane ; to theo amnphitheatre and amphitheatr stalls throughi Exeter-street. Thle box-office, situate in thep picipl entrance under the portico, is open from 10 till 5. Admission to the pit, Ss.; amnphitheatre stalin 7s. ; arnepsitheatre, Is i. nT ursely next. April 17, an Extra Night wil be given, flRURY-LAXE.-English Opoem.-In consequence LIof the demand for plares and the desire of the artistes that n.othing Shall imipede the wonderfully incrasing popularity of la Trovatore, or TheGis' Vengeance, the Directors, have great pleasure in announcing it-s representation every eveninlg until furthier ioisee wvith the fotlowinig unprecedented array of English artistes:- LuyEscott, Miss Fanny Huddart. Mr. Augustus Braham, M1r. Hrenri Datoni, Mr. Durand, &e,-TO-NIGHT, and every evening during the week. IL TItOVA-TORE ; or. The Gipsys Vengeance. To conclude wi'th the successful ballet of THE ENCHANTED GARDE.N. Reduced prices as usual. RI~EATRE ROYAL, HAY2VIARKET.-TH1S T EVENING and dlurier:thewieek- (to comimence at?7) the successful colmedy of THE EVIL GE~NIUS. Tom Ripstone (the Evil Genius), Mr. Buckstoie ; Hill Cooley. Esit. Mr. Chippendate;- Joe Withers, MIr. C~ompton ; Walmsley, MUr. W. Farren ; Lady Ringawood, Mliss Reynolds; Clara Miss Swanberough :StIes. M1ontgomnery, M'rs. Poynter. IAfter which the renowvned Spanish Dance;, Perea lIens, with Mlanuel IPerez. and a new COnmpany of Spaniards, in the niew ballet pantomaime ofEL GAMIBUIO or. The Mexican Goldscekler. With. This Evening an nomro (Tuesdlay) nniy, LEND ME FIVE SHIL- LIGS VAter the ballet on Thun_day (by desire), the comedy of Court Favour, in which Miss Blanche Fans will appear. On Friday andI Satusxdasy. after the ballet, Grimshaw, Bags-haw, and Brids'saw. in whichi Mr. Beckstone will sustain his original character, and MAiss Talbet wvill make her first appearance. THE POSTMNAN'S KNqOCK every evening (Wednesday exceptecs). RgXYA PRINCE SS's THEATRE. - THIS IN (Sondayl, anid on Friday, A WONDERFUL IVOMAN: FAUST ANDIMARGUERITE: and.A PRINCE FOR, AN HOUR'. To-momow (Tuiesday). Every One Haq His Fault', The Victor VanquishbedI; andI A Prince for an Hour. Wednesday, tonis XI. ; The Victor Vanquisihed; and A Prince for an Houir. Thursdlay (last time). Henry VIII. ; The Victor Vanquishied: and A Prince for an Hour. Satusrday, The Corsican Brothers; The Victor Vanquished ; and A Prince for an Hour. I)OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE.-M-Vr. and MNrs. AtZ CHARLIES KEAN respectfully inorm the public that their .ANNUAL BENEFIT will take place on thin day fortnight, 5Monday. Ap)ril the 2Sth, on w,hieb occasion will bopreducedSh,ah-spars's Play of TEIE INTER'STALE. Leontes, Mr.C.KSean; Herrmione,Mrs. C. Feran. C2'T. JAMlES's THEATR.E.-Msfdame and M. Gassier, being or theBENEFI of a ITERAR GETEA.Tickets and ullpariculrs t Camer Bele,andCo.'s. '21, Regent-street; rPIIEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHIL-Great Hit.- &1 The new Adlelphi drama, Like- and Unlike, every eveninig, by Sir. B. Webster. Mr. Wright. anid Mladame Celeste.-I.ast Three Nights of the Rey-el Burlesquie and Comic P'antomime, Mvonday, Wednesday, and Fr-iday.-Urgent Private Affairs (tinst times at second price), and Mether and Cluild are Doing WVell, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.- THI EVNIN, he uccssfl ew deihidramas of LIKCE AND IJNIEE byMr.B, ebter Str. rigt.and MNadame Celeste (as perfrmedbefre ter ajesy). ith(lastim but twvo) theltoyal burlesueandcoic anomieo JAK NDTHE BEAN STALK; or, Harlqui an MoherGoos atHom Agin.Jack and Harlequin, Sladae Celste; lothe Goos and olum ine, iss WVyadham (as p'rfrme by ommnd efor He Sljest an th Royal Family), S ADLER's -WELLS THEATRE.--Reena-no-e- S ment of Miss Cushman.-Ih consequence of hnmdreds"b&ig niightly unable to obtain adanission. this the greatest actress on the English Stage has cemsented to appear in her wvonderful conception of Meg Merrilies for three nights mnore,-THIS EVENING. Tomoirow,andlon Wedniesday. GUY BIANNERING. for positlively the last time.-On Thursday. SliUse Ctishman will take her Benefit, 'When will he presented (for thin night only) the dramla of The Actress of Fardna, in wicih Stllss Cusliman will sustain her original character. Sim'Pson and Co,, SI1rs, SimPson. Blisas Cusbman, and other entertainm:ents, suipported by Several artists of the highest metropolitan fame. who have in the kindest manner tendered their v-aluable cervices. Str, and M1rs. Charles Dillon, of the Theatres Royal, Edinburgh, Dublin, Manchester, &c., will make their first aPPearance in Londion on S1onday next, April 21, in the drama, of Lelphcgor. Boxes, Is. andI Is. ; pit, is.;- gallery, Gd. I) OYL SUREY TEATR.-The Great Hit JAa o the ay, HW WELIVE.This reatsecretanightly disellosed ATLiY?s ROYAL AMVPHITHEATRE.-MR. A IVILIAANECOOKE has the honour to announce that his ANNXUAL COMPLIMENTARY BENEFIT wil) take place (under the distinguished patronage of the Eight Hon. the Lordi Mayor) on Tuesday, the 22d of April inst. The entertainment will embrace -a Granid Equestrian Spectacle, a Classical Selcection of Scenes in the Cisete, in which SIr. Willlam Cooke will appear, as also the accomplishedl Miss Kate Cooke, in her celebrated act of the Hau te Ecolc, miountedI en her milk-white charger Snowdrop; togetherwith a-variety of othier entertainments. Tickets and places may be secured at the box-office daily from 10 till 4 o'clock. 1)0 OYAL MARYLEBONE THEATRE.-Under: tiUthe M1anagemnent of Sir. E. Stirling.-Engagement of Sliess 1'itzpatrickc, of the Thearre Royal. Covent-garden, and Drury-lane. for six nights only.-THIS EVEN3UNG and To-morrow, THE LOVE CHASE, Constance, Miss Fitzpatrick;. Messrs. 'Belford. Lewis Ball, Sanders. Garter, Langton. Misses Anderton, Turner, Srams. After which THE HAUNTED INN; rMesrs.ULwis Ball, Sanders,.Bedford Misses Meorrell and Mars. On Wednesday, The Solidezis Daughter, Widow Cheerly, Miss Fitzpatrick. G RAT ATINA ST?TDBDTHEATRE.- OYALu SOHO THEATRE.-Opon every Eveningm. ALCrowded houses anid glortous success of SMr. Winter. wvho wil appear as Sir EdwardBMortimner in THE IRON CHCEST, TO-NIGHT.' After which FORTUNE'S FRIOLIQ. Robin Rocughhead, Mir. Browbry IDolly.SMLas Helen Love. To conclude TMAIl)tOR WIF. Stlqfls Is arldt Sznimponaund Co. _ DICTURES by the OLD MASTERS.-" The A Miadonna," by Carlo Dolci, " TheAfllictions of Job," by Rubens; 'The Annunciation,' by Rothenhamer; " Christ at the Well," by Siam. The above rare and valuable pictures have been removed from Messrs. Richaridson and Son's, Strand, to 25, Surrey-etmect, Strand. They are all originals, in e-xcellent preservation, and there are not more beautiful specimens of the different masters extant. On vievw from 12 to 5. Picturedealers need not apply. MTOVEMENT CURE ESTABLISHENT and 1 RUSSLN BATHS, for the Cure of Chronic Diseases. For articulars addresx to the Insttution, 16s, Old Cavendish-street, Lonon.; or to the Branch Institution. 11. Marlborough-place. Brighton. tHE SULTs VAPOURP BATH, as in Turkey. JL-11T PEDILUVIUVM fragrant vapour, perfumed shower,with siesta 1o foUow, 5i eacu.-1% Aryll-place, Regent-treet andNew Brod-street, cit. Warm baths forladie famliee, and gentlemen, 21 for a guinea, tickets transferabie Wam baths sant out within 10 mUes of London. CAREY's COFFEE-POT for the MIIILLION, cora- h bines absolute simplicity in itn construction with unequalled faciity of use. It is not made in metals (which affect the flavour of coffee), but it wil be manufactured at a cost so mederate that its Iuxurious ap,lance is literaly and actually to the famille and daily ue of the rzul'on. by whom its simplicity wil at once be seen, and its elegant convenience as quickly appreciatedL Carey's washing bath isa novelty that wil be found to combine everyrequiite for convenient facility in carrying onut the important recommendation of frequent and complete ablution of the person vith onld or warm water, which is nowurged upon aU classes of the community, by our highest sanitary anthorities. The bath stands about seven feethigh, andis intended to be three feet three inches square within, but ling made rortable where required, it can be packed up in a box less than two feet wide and high. It presents altogether the most convenient arrangement yet seen for ensuring abente cleanlines by its use, and the immediate removal of the dirty water from it afterwards. Carey's new press wiU shortly be brought out mu a portable form for copying letters. Although a strong screw press, it will be only a little larger than the letterhonk itwiuibe made to contain. No press so liht and small,of equal powser, has yet msade its3 appearance. Being,. of course, of iron, the preesure employed wiib liemited only by the rirength of material use in its construction. These three newr p,atent artildes are not yet ready for delvery to the trade. but a sufficient supply of therowill Ehortlybe m3anufactured, when further notice of the (ht wl be given iu The TImes newspaper, DBRURy-LAN-ENGLISH OPERA. 'Under the hlaagement of bresrs J. H. TuDy and P. Ringsbury. THIS EVE,NhING, IL TROVA.TORE; or. 'T'he Gipsy's Vengeance. Characters by Lucy Escott, Miss F. Huddart; htr. A Braham, Mr. Henri Drayton, Mr. Duraud. &c. TO conclude w,th THE ENCHANTED GARDEN. THEATRE ROYA1. HAYMARKET. Under the Management of blr. Buckstone. TLIIS EVENING. THE EVIL GENIUS. By leam. Buckstoae, Compton; Misses Reynolds, Swanborongb.&c After which. EL GAMBIISINO: or, The Mexican GoldseeXer. To be followed by LENT> ME FIVE SHILLINGb. To conclude with THE POSTMNS KNOCKL ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the Management of blr. Charles Kean. TEIS EVENING will be presentedA WONDERFUL, WO.AYN. After which. FAUST AND MARGUERITE. Mephistophiles, by Mr. C. Ream To conclide with A PRINCE FOR iAN HOUR. THEATRE ROYA31, ADELPIll. PropMletor, br. D. Webster; Directress, Madame Celeite. THIS EVN3ING will be presented LIKE AND UNLIK. Cha. racters by Mesmrs. B. Webster, Wright P. Bedford, C. Selby, Garden, Moreland, enry; Madame Celeste. bliss Wyndham, MissLaidlaw, Sc. To conclude with JACK AND THIE BEN STALK. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Alfred Wigan. THIS EV=NIG will be presented STILL WATERS RUX DEEP. John Mfildmay, Mr. A. Wigan: bMrs. Hector Sternhold, mrs. Stirling. To concludewithTHE DISCREET PRI2CESS. Characteraby Messes F. Robson, Emery. Danvers, IL Cooper.White, Clifton ; MissesJulla St George.Teran,tMaraton, Kaskell,andSteDhens. Commeneeat}past7 TElHATRE ROYAL, SADLER'S-WELLS. Under the Management of Mr. George A. Webhter. THIS EVENING wiU be presented GUY MANNERUNG. beg alerrilies. biss Cushman; Dandie Dinmont. lr. Barrett; Disk Hatteraick. bMr. E. F. Edgar; Julia. Mliss EL. Gordon; Lucy, Mtiss AI. Oliver. Alter wvhich, BOMBASTES FURIOSO. To conclude with other Entertainments. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, Mlessrs. Shepherd and Crezaick. THIS EVEB NING wiU be presented HOW WE ITVE IN TEE WORLD OF LONDON. Charactersby Messrs. Shepherd, C.A.Calvert, J. H.Rickards. Widdicomb, &ec.; Misses Narriott, E. Sanders, &c. After which, h. Hanlon's Performauces. To be folloved by TEE POSTMAN'S KNOCKL To con:ludo with TUFELHAUSEN'. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Lessee and Mtanager, btr.W. Cooke. THIS EVENING wil be presented THE ARAB OF THE DESERTAND IS FAITHFUL STEED. Afterwhich. theoWomders ofthe Circle, c. To concludo with au English Steeplechase. TO CO1=SPON])ETS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) 7Te Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreigin countries without an impressed stamp. NTo notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We c&Tnot undertake to return rejected communications. The publicationofTnF.Tncrscommenced at 5 oclock onSaturday mornixg, and fnished at 20 minutes to 10.
LONDON, MONDAY, APRIL 14, IBM. A Statesman who has for many years spoken and acted in Parliament with all the advantage that the support of a large political party, the enjoyment of high office, and the possession of enormous patronage can give him, ought to be very careful indeed what measures he proposes wvhen stripped of these adventitious advantages. Human nature is prone to magnify present and to depreciate past greatness; and unless, as is not very likely, his formier success attends the statesman when out of offlice, it is sure to be said that all his great actions were the gift of fortune, and all his failures enti*ely his own. lNLever was the trutli of this observation more strikingly evinced than in the House of Commons on Friday last. Conscious of the ground which he had lost in the estimation of the public by his prermature resignation of office and his infortunate proceedings at Vienna, Lord JoHN RussELL sought for a subject involving enough difficuilty to make its settlement, if it should be obtained, a real and substantial triumph, and enoLlgh interest to rivet upon it the attention of all men and all classes. That which he sought he foLmd in the question of national education. With great care and pains, with infinite deliberation, and with no little paradG and flourish, Lord JoiHN RussErL introduced to the House a scheme which has proved more itterly futile and abortive than anything we at present remember-a scheme which united against it every shade of party, every class of political opinion-a scheme wvhich everybody was ready to attack, and nobody to defend; founded, as it appeared to us, in complete ignorance of the national character, the sentiments of Parliament, and the exigencies of the question itself. It requires considerable talents and considerable position, high connexions and great political experience, to enable any man to make so complete a failure as that which Lord JOHN RUSSELL achieved for himself on Friday night. Haad he not been the person to whom for many years the government of the country was intrusted, whose voice at one time swayed the deliberations of Parliament, who introduced and caiTied one Refora Bill, and is for ever threatening us swith another, the utter breakdown of Lord JoHN RUSsELL and his measure would have lost a great part of the piquiancy which they now possess. We really do not believethat if all those voteswere deductedwhich were given from personal kindness or fiom old recollections Lord JOHN RuSSEmz would have been able to muster 40 members in support of the scheme to which he looked for the restoration of his damaged reputation. In vain the Government generously flung its weight into his scale, the adverse impression was too strong to be resisted, and the effort to break the fall of the former leader of the Whig confederacy served but to mark and testify its completeness. If we were to point out the causes of the Parliamentary decline and fall of Lord JOHN RUSSELL we should assign a conspicuous place to that predilection for what are called " comprehensive "measures' which Lord JOHN RUSSELL has so strongly evinced. It is not, so far as we have been enabled to judge, that he has been in the habit of seeking very deep for principles, but that he insists upon dealing with every part of a large question at once, and thus raising against himself the greatest possible amount of opposition, while he conciliates the least possible amount of support. Having made his reputation in a revolutionary period, he is apt to treat subjects in a manner which can only succeed when supported by the same amount of popular discontent as the first Reform BilL There is a complete want of sympathy-an utter incompatibility between Lord JOiN RussELr and the present House of Commons. Whether or no we attribute this pheno-menon to the right cause, there can be no doubt of its existence, and as little, we should think, as to the solution of the difficulty. Lord JoHN RnssE,LL can scarcely expect to regain the foremost place in the deliberations of the House of Commons; Parliaments, like individuals, are apt to be swayed by hope rather than gratitude, and it is, on the other hand, hardly to be asked of him that he shonld be content to occupy in such an assembly a second rate position ; his struggles to regain his lost place are futile as regards himself, and painful to his friends. We do not suppose, either, that there is anything indiscreet or improper in adverting to the fact that, notwithstanding his long, and in many respects great services, Lord JOHN Russni is not likely to be returned again for the city of London, and we confess that we should see with pain so eminent a person running up and down in search of a constituency, or driven to the inglorious alternative of accepting a seat from among the boroughs or counties which own the influence of the Duke of BEDFORD. Late years have, as we have often observed, contributed in an unusual degree to the destruction of political reputation, and it - is expedient on every ground that this process should be arrested at the earliest possible period. Little as we have seen to approve of late years in the political career of Lord JoHN Russmi, we would desire for a man who has filled Eo considerable a part in our own times, and -whose name is doubtless destined to no inconsiderable place in the histosy of England, a finale more tranquil and more dignified than that 'which is promised to him in the House of Commons. It is one of the many useful functions of the House of Peers that it offers to the politician who can neither maintain the foremost place nor gracefully descend to the second a harbour of refuge in which his shattered political bark may ride at anchor safe from the storms that rage without. That assembly in which Lord CanAHm and Sir ROBnrT WAIPOLE sought repose at the end of their stormypolitical career maight surely perfonn the same good office for LordJouxRussanir, and in his person a title ever memorable in the political history of England might be revived. We do not believe that among the friends and supporters who still remain to Lord JO11N RussEI,L there is one who would not read with a feeling of relief the announcement that his long and checkered career in the House of Commons had at last come to a close, and that he had accepted an honourable F retirement from the fierce contests of party. which his long services have undoubtedly merited, which I is suitable to his birth and his station, and which seems the only alternative left that can free him from a succession of mortifications and humiliations such as no one either of his supporters or opponents would willingly see heaped uponhIim. Doubtless to be the head of a powerful political party in the House of Comnions is a position more prominent, influential, and attractive than any that the House of Peers, in the present state of our constitution, has to offer ; but to Lord JOHN RussELL we believe that position is no longer open, and we cannot but think he would do more wisely to content himself with what he mnight easily retain-a leading position in the House of Lords-than to waste the remainder of his life in importunate struggles after an opportunuty which he failed to use wisely when it was his own, and which is not wont to return to those who have once let it slip from their gr-asp. We are living in a new political era. The bonds of party allegiance are loosened, the power of individual leaders is diminished, the public mind is no longer stung by that general sense of injury and misgovernment which 25 years ago gave the W7higs their power and their success. The very triumphs of Reform and Free Trade have impaired the influence of their oliginal supporters. iNew men and new questions arilse, and it is granted to few to remain for ever in the van of an age pressing rapidly forward in the path of political, social, and material progress. The weary advocate gladly reposes in the comparative quiet of the bench; the most indefatigable parish priest sighs for the repose of the episcopal throne ; why should not the political combatant who has spent the third of a century in the conflicts of party be well content to close his long career amid the tranquil shades and venerable associations of the House of Lords?
The judgment of the House on Lord JonRussELL's scheme of national education was most decidedly giveni on Friday night. We must observe, however, that the noble Lord maintained to the last that his education scheme was no new one, but only " an eatensimi of thte existinig system of educa" tion," claiming on that ground a petition presented by Mr. HmENLE in favour of the existing system, and against " untried schemes," as being a petition in favour of his scheme, and not against it. It is, however, much easier for a person to give an ingenious aspect to any scheme which he may be proposing than to persuade others to adopt the same view of it. The House persisted in regarding Lord JonN's scheme as a great and decided change upon the existing one. Friends as well as foes so considered it. MI'r. WARRENn advocated the scheme, but he did so on the ground that it was an introduction of the compulsory principle, and broughlt in the State as the great educator. As for the compulsory principle, the learned gentleman thought it was not to be objected to, and that our insular ideas of liberty were far too stiff. In consequence of this excess in our notions, " our " strength was the source of our weakness; we cc were so powerful that we were powerless." We cannot agree vwith hiim. Our national idea of liberty deprives us certainly of some facilities for the purpose of education; but it is still conceivable that in the long rtun liberty, with that elastic spirit and activity of mind which it introduces, will turn out a better educator than State compulsion. But Mr. WVARPREn thought that Parliament has already taken upon itself the office of curbing this mischievous idea. IC The " most conspicuous feature of modern legislation w was its bold interference session after session CC anid Parliament after Parliament with those "rights which were conceived to be peculiarly "transcendant, such as the rwiht of per.sonaZ "liberty, the right of private property," &c. If tlhis is the case, all we can say is our prospects 2re alarming. But the " interference of Parlia" ment after Parliament with the right of per" sonal liberty," unless Mr. WARREN alludes to the interference of the Legislature with a certain class of freedoms and liberties, is, we think-, a phantom more suitable to the imagination of the ex-novelist than the reason of the nrew member and risiing statesman. The positions which were brought out most strongly in the debate, and upon which the opposition to Lord Joi:NT RussELi's resolutions mainly hinged, were the objection to the compulsory principle as interfering with our national ideas of liberty and with the exertion of private zeal and charity, and the objection to an educational machinery that would give regular and constant occasion to religious quarrels. These two positions were brought out with much clearness and common sense by Mr. HENLnEy, and with great argumentative force, copiousness, and weight by Sir J.IEs Gn&AHr and Air. GLADSTONE. They were also well stated by Lord ROBEPT CEci. and MIr. ADDERLEY. These two positions, together vith the actual amount of good frut wvhich the existing system had produced, told with irresistible effect upon the House, and the line of common sense addressed itself with s3UCeSS to an assembly accustomed to judge by that standard, to look at things in a practical point of view, and to give due value to systems in actual operation as compared with untried ones. It was seen and felt that a system of State education, however abstractedly superior to our own,however more complete, more compact, and more scientific,-was not congenial to our national character; that we have an old hereditary notion of liberty, w5ith which we are born, and which is part of ourselves, which protests against the interference of the State with our domestic interiors and private rights. It was seen that this national idea of liberty, though it might put us at a disadvantage on particular points, was, after all, the great foundation on which our success and greatness as a nation arose. " The "element of freedom," as Mr. GLADsToNE said, "in which we move and breathe and have our "being, is essential to the development -of the "English character; and if yoU take it away " you pine and starve that character, and "any substitute you can give in the form "of education in return is worse than worth"less." It was seen that the voluntary systemn, having sprung, as it did, out of our national character, aggreed with it best; that it gave room and play for individual heart and warmth, zeal and enthusiasm, converting edcucation into a source and OCCasion of the noblest feelings in its promotion, instead of making it a mere State engine and machine; and, though an attempt was made to argae for a corabination of the two grounds, it did not succeed. It was replied, with equal force and discrimination, that " no institution could be mentioned which, "having been once charged vith a local "rate, ever afterwards received the slightest "assistance from the spontaneous -subscriptions " of the benevolent." The effect of the introduction of rates would thus be to dry up the -whole existing current of private generosity and devotion in the cause of education, and to supersede a genial and hearty system for a technical and official one. Again, it was seen that the machinery of the new scheme would give rise to religious dissensions. In a system which gave the religious supremacy in the school to the majority of ratepayers there would be a perpetually recurring contest for this religious supremacy. It was felt that this was not a country for such a system. *Whether it is to our credit or to our shame, we are full of religious dissensions. We abound in sects and denominations. Such a rate as this would bring them allperiodically intothe arena. SirJAens GRmAn pointed to the church-rate squabbles by way of warning. Sir JoHN PA=GToN denied the analogy, but Mr. GLADSTON strengthened and poimted it. On the whole, it was seen that in deciding this question of education we must take the entire existing state of things among us into account,-our national character, idea of liberty, formation of voluntary system, existing current of private benevolence and activity in this cause, our religious state as a nation, varieties of denominations, rivalries of sects. With this whole state of the case our existing system of education was in harmony; the new scheme would disagree and conflict with it. One word upon the statistical mania which questions like these engender. Sir JomE PAX WGTol is great in statistics, especially gaol statistics. When driven close in an argument he can always intrench himself behind a gaol. He then feels sure of his ground, and his argumentative courage rises I to heroism. Nobody can compete with him on that arena. He asserts roundly that " England " is not educated," and he proves itby the returns from Preston gaol :-" Mr. CiAy, the chaplain of " Preston gaol, states the immense number of pri"soners who are unable to read and write. He ["says that out of the prisoners in Preston gaol 36 " per cent. come into the gaol unable to say the " Lord's Prayer, and 72 per cent. come in in such C a state of moral debasement that it is in vain to " give them instruction. This is an alarmi2ig and " a frigltful state of ihti1zgs." Now, certainly it is very lamentable that people should get into gaol; but, if they do get into gaol, -we see nothing surprising in the fact that they should not show an intimate familiarity with the Lord's Prayer, or even that they should be in " a " state of noral debasement." Sir Jomt PAEo-M TON appears to expect that men sent to gaol will arrive in rather an advanced state of morals and vith considerable religious attainments. He is therefore surprised when he finds what their condition in these respects really is. But there is nothing surprising in the fact that a man who has spent several successive years of his life in successful campaigns of housebreaking should not have zaid his prayers regularly morning and evening; and, that being the case, nothing is more natural than that the Lord's Prayer should have slipped a little out of his memory. It is not surprising, either, that such a course of life should end in something like "moral debasement." But what is the precise value of these statistics 'with reference to the present question ? *What do the returns fiom a gaol prove with respect to the condition of the population at large, unless you can prove that the inmates of a gaol are specimens and representatives of the population at large? Sir JOHN PARL'NGTON appears to assume this; but we cannot help thinking that it would be more philosophical, if not more complimentary to the English people, that this should not be assumed without proof. "Oh, but," says Sir JoN-, " one "in 14 of the male working population comes " every year within the grasp of the law; so that "in the condition of the Lancashire prisons we find "proofs of the degrading ignorance in which a large "portion of the population stand."Yes, wehave proof of the condition in which one-fourteenth of the working population is (to assume the veracity of these extravagant statistics), butnot of the condition in vhich the other tlirteen parts are. This latter fact depends on the assumption that this fourteenth part is a specimen of the whole-an assumption wlhich is so self-evident to Sir Jonx PGATo-N that he is actually unconscious of maling it, while it is the latent and suppressed premiss of his whole argument.
Information has been forwarded to us, and onvery competent authority, that the Austrians are about to take military possession of the frontier of Parma, on the side of Piedmont. Had the inteDligence not been communicated to us from a quarter which we esteem in every way worthy of credit, we should not have laid much s.,ress upon it, so incredible does the fact appear. We are well aware of the hideous assassinations which have recently disgraced the cauise of liberty in Parma, but is a relief for these evils to be sought in the miitary surgery of Austria ? Is it not, on the contrary, more than probable that just in proportion as Austrian poEcy has prevailed at Parma, so has the smouldering fire of revolution and anarchy burst forth with firesh power and intensiiK ? For a while after the assassination of the PRnicE it seemed as though better counsels might have prevailed. The Government and the people, had they been left to settle their own quarrels, might have come to some understanding, and avoided the extremities of tyranny and murder. Mloderation, however, is not the rule of Austrian policy, and this policy is invariably enforced by armed propagandism wherever opportunity exists. We need not here repeat a story which is familiar enough to as many of our readers as have watched the course of events in the Italian Peninsula. The policy of coercion by foreign arms has borne its usual fruits in the Duchy of Parma. The wonder, however, is that inthe present conjuncture of European politics-at the very time that the Italian question as a whole has been submitted to the consideration of a general Congress of European nations, the Austrian Government should deem the occasion a fitting one for a fresh act of aggression. Surely, in the interest of Austrian dominion in Italy the act is a most shortsighted one? There is no great difficulty in holding military possession of any province of Italy; the real question is how to retire from it without disgrace, and'without incurring the risk of a popular movement. We can understand that Austria might desire to reduce the Peninsula into absolute possession, from the Alps to its most southern point. This would be the dream of a conqueror; yet, could it be realized, it is not without its attractions. We can understand also that Austria should desire to keep a fL-m hold -upon that fair province which has been so long subject to its arms; that miay be an. inspiration of coinmoji sense. WVhat we do not understand, however, is that Austria should seelk to perpetuate anarchy and misery through Central Italy by a display of povwer which neither adds to her dominion nor increases her security in the Worth Italy is the next great European questionwhichmust be settle& in one form or another, and we hope it may be so settledl as to relieve it from this omnipresence of Austrian bayonets.
Both Lords and Coimons appear to have taken: a sudden interest in the public buildings, and parks, and communications of the metropolis. It is a pleasanter subject than tents and huts, transports, army works, and the famous seven miles from :Balaklava to the Camp. There is rather more time to consider it, and, as the laying out of our metropoLs has waited for some centuries, it appears to be assumed that we are not pressed for a few years. Now, for the frst time, however, it is held a great and worthy object to enable the inhabitants of one quarter of this vast city to get to another as speedily as possible, and with the least possible annoyance to others. One singular result of the movement has been thrown upon ourselves, and we beg to say rather unwarrantably. Because we pointed out the inconvenience suffered by the Belgravians in their attempts to reach Pall-mall or the City, and resisted a proposal to cut the Park in two on a pretext of giving them this facility, we have been charged with half a dozen torrents of traffic which menace St. James's Par-k on all sides. It was no proposition of ours that a carriage road should be brought over the middle of the lake, that the Government offices looking on the Parade should be deprived of their present quiet; or that, as MIr. MAicA:mvy sug gested onFridaynight,a carriage way should be opened from Queen-square into Birdcage-walk, " in connexion with the other im" provements in St. James's Park." No doubt that little oasis will soon cease to be what it is, if every street that abuts upon it is permitted to overleap the present barrier. It will no longer be the Paradise of children and nursemaids; the waterfowl will wing their flight to more tranquil pools; and the peripatetic philosophers who frequent the garden andthe Iall willbe driven to the far west or even across the river to Battersea Park. It is no wish of ours to see it cut up in this fashion. Yet we are glad to seeParliament alive to the great deficiency of our internal communications. In any other European capital there would now be a commission of engineers and architects sitting on the whole question, and preparing a plan the cost of ex;ecuting whicl -would not be a trifle. We, set about it in our old English way-a bit here, and a bit there, as accident or opinion may direct. Indeed, few people knowwhose business it istomakethe most beneficial alteration. Somebody gets up, andwith due notice asks a Iilnister, who, having previously consulted an unseen subordinate, a man whose business it is to speak when he is spoken to, has come down to the House prepared to send the hon. member elsewhere for an answer to his question. That is the way in which we set about improving the communications and the general character of this great city. But there is one branch of the subject 'which certainly ought not to wait for Parliamentary interlocutions. It is for Government itself to devise and initiate plans for the improvement of the public offices. That is an imperial, not a metropolitan question, and cannot be put off on some inaccessible Board of Commissioners. We confess we should like to see a touch of the imperial in the conception and in the prosecution of the work. The grandest idea that has yet come out is that for acquiring I and covering with public offices all the ground from Downing-street to Great George-street, removing the inferior buildings between King-street and Parliament-street, and thus giving the spectator at Charing-cross an almost uninterrupted viewv of the Abbey, terminating a broad vista of public buildings. That we shall do this ultimately there can be little doubt; and, if so, every pound spent on any other plan, such as the proposed enlargement of the old Board of Ordnance in Pall-mall, is so much money throWn away. Of course, under the inmediate pressure of business, and in the interval there must necessaaily elapse before any large plan can be perfected, such an enlargement may be necessary; but, when all experience shows an increasing necessity for bringing the various departments of the public service into closer commmuication, it would be folly to attempt the final separation of the War Department alone from all the rest. Fortune has happily left a large block of very worthless buildings in one of the best situations in the metropolis-viz., the large quadrangular space between Parliament-street and St. James's Park. Probably the entire space, even including the buildings south of Great George-street, might be dealt with at no overwhelbing cost-say, at a fortniglht's expenditure in the late war. It would be something to get such a nucleus and model for further improvements. At present we are sure to be in a rough state everywhere. Government never finishes. There is always a raw side or a slovenly corner to its most costly and advanced performances. The very heart of this great empire has time out of mind been in a condition that would disgrace a mason's yard. There is not a contractor in the metropolis who would not be aslhamed to let his premises lie so long in the condition of Downingstreet. It is with our public edifices as with ouir public men. The best are not in the best sites, sometimes in the wolSt, and the few good sites we possess are thrown away upon buildings by iuiiversal consent unworthy of them. The beauty of Athens, of Rome, and stillI more at this day of Paris, consists as much in the sites and disposition of the principal buildings as in their architecture. Paris is the development of one great idea, which, under a long line of kdngs and changing Governments, has been steadily perfected to what we now see. It is 200 years ago since a great statesman declared that he felt every day fresh delight in standing on the bank of the Seine near the site of the present Pont de ha Concorde, and looking firsl up the river at the noble buildings that even. then lined it, terminating in the Isle of France and NOtre Dame, and then looking all round at the area of the present Place. Since that day all the architectural genius of France, backed by a lavish expenditure, has been constantly employed in adding new beauties to the glorious panorama, in extending the vistas in every direction, terminating them swith colossal edifices 6f the most beautiful design, and throw- ing in here and there something to break the horizon or to rest the eye. We may never have the like in this metropolis; but we ought to do what we can. The physical and accidental difficulties are of a most removable nature. In the instance 'before us the value of the eiisting house property would offer very little impediment to our lining the whole east and south sides of St. James's Park with public buildings. Beginning from Downin-street; Iludycr-street, Crown-street, Charles-street, Gardener-street, George-yard, King-street, Duke-street, Prince'sstreet, Queen-street, Dartmouth-street, Carterstreet, Park-street, and Queen-square, are til of the deteriorated class-that is, plaoas where no gentleman or respectable shopkeer,er would live, muy morq than the Kings, Queeps, Pinoesses, and Duk-es frA whot they have euileayQenreto borrow.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. THE EAST. (BY SVB3R1 NsiD BRITISIE TELEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despaech from our Mlarseilles correspondent:- 'MARSEILLES, SuNDiV, APRIL 13, 715 P.Mr. "The MIersey has arrived wvith advices from Constantinople of the 3d, and from the Crimea of the 1st inst. "She is in quarantine, with 269 passengers and four sick. " Despatches leave at 8 p.m. "The steamer Columbian has arrived." FRANCE. WVe have received the 3l1itemr of yesterday. It publishes the following:- " A banquet took place on Saturday evening at the Tuileries, in the Hall of the 1arslials, given by the Emperor to the members of the Congress. "All the members of the Congress -were invited :is well as the foreign Ministers, Cardinals, Ministels of the Emperor, Marshals, Presidents of the great blodies of the State, the grand officers of the Crown, the French Ambassador to the Court of London, the Governor of the Invalides, the Grand Chancellor of the Legion of Honour, the Grand Referendary of the Senate, Senators, Deputies, hugh functionaries of State, and the principal civil and military officers of the Emperor's HIIousehold. "The Emperor took his seat in the centre of the table, which -was laid in the form of a horseslhce. On his right hand sat his Excellency Lord Clarendon, mnd on his left Coiunt Buol. "1His Imperial Highness Prince Napoleon sat opposite the Emperor. IHe had on his right his E x- -cellency Count Orloff, and on his left his Highness Aali Pasha. " Towards the end of the dinner His ILperial MIajesty spoke the following w ords in a firm emphatic voice "' I propose a toast in honour of the union so happily re-established between the Sovereigns. MIay it be a lasting one, and it will be so if it rests alw-ays on righlt, on justice, on the real and legitimate interest of nations.' "These words were received with unanimous shouts of ' Fire l'VEnpereur!P "A fter the banquet the Emperor adjourned to the saloon contiguous to the Throne-room, and the f,,2ti lasted till 10 o'clock. "Diring the banquet the band of the Guides and the choirs of the Conservatoire perfonned alternately pieces of instrumental and vocal music."
COUBT CIRCULAR. -0 Efcr Majesty and Prince Albert, and Prince Eniest of leiningen, visited her Roval Highness the Duchess of Kent -oa Friday evening at Clarence-house, St. James's. The Qujeen and the Prince Consort rode on horseback on Saturday morning, attended by the Hon. Eleanor Stanley, Jord Alfred Paget, and Colonel F. H. Seymour. Pince Albert presided on Saturday at a meeting of the .oyal Commission for the Exhibition of 1851. His Royal ighness .arrived at the new Palace of Westminster at 11 o'clock, attended by Colonel F. H. Seymour. - The Commissioners present were the Earl of Derby, the Earl of Ellesmere, Lord Stanley of Alderley, Lord Over- tone, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Right Hon. Sir }'enjamin Hall, Bart., M.P., the Rig ht Hon. B. Disraeli, 31.?., the B.ight Hon. T. E. Gladstone, MP., Sir Alex. nder Spearman, Bart., Sir Charles Barry, Sir William (Cubitt, Sir C. 1. Eastlake, Sir Charles Lyell, Sir Roderick 31 urchiscon, Sir Richard WVestmacott, M^r. Bazley, MJr. coilson, C.c., Mr. T. F. Gibson, Mr. Daniel Sharpe (President of the Geological Society), Captain Shepherd, Colonel Sykes (Chairman of the East India Company), and Mr. :Edsar Bowring (Secretary). The meeting broke up at a-quarter before 3 o'clock. The Queen and Prince Albert, accompanied by the Princess Iloyal and Prince Alfred, took a drive on Saturday afternoon in an open landau and four. Lord A. Paget and Colonel F. H. Se3ymour attended on horseback. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa took a drive in an open carriage and four. Her Majesty had a dinner party in the evening. The company included herRoyal HigIhness the Duchess of Kent, ler Royal Highness the Princess Royal, his Serene Highness Prince Ernest of Leiningen, the Duchess of Sutherland, the Archbizhop of Armagh, the Duke of Wellington, Lady Fanny Howard, Baroness de Spaeth, Earl Spencer, the Earl -and Countess of Hardxicke, lord Adolphus Fitzclaience, Lady de Tabley, Mr. and Lady Theresa Di-by, MIajor. General Sir Harry Jones, and Sir Charles Lyell. Yesterday Her Majesty and his Royal Highness thePrince Consort, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Roval, Prince A'fred, the Princess Alice, Prince Ernest of Leiningen, the ladies and Gentlemen of the Court, and the domestic houisehold attended Divine service in the chapel of Buckirgham Palace. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiated. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited the Duchess of Glocester yesterday at Glocester-house. Meetings of the Oxford University Commission were held at No. 17, Great Queen-street, Westminster, on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday last. The Commissioners present were the Earl of Ellesmere, the Eail of Harrowby, the Bishop of Ripon, M3r. Justice Coleridge, the Hon. Edward Twistleton, the Dean of WelLs, and Sir John Wither Awdry, and the secretaries. A Cabinet Coimcil was held on Saturday aftermoon at the Foreign-office. The Ministers present were-Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the MIarquis of Lansdowne, Earl ,of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, Mr. Secretary labouchere, Lord Pamnure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. 'I. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. 3. T. Paines, and the Duke of Argyll. mhe Council sat four hous.
AMERICA. [A sunmary of the following, received by Electric Telegraph, appeared in our Second Edition of Saturday: LIVERPOOL, MAn . By the arrival this morning of the United States' mail steamship Ericsson, Louber commander, from New York on the 29th ult., and the Royal Mail steamship Persia, Judldns commander, on the 2d inst., after an unprecedented passage of 9 days 12 hours, meantime, we are in the receipt of advices to the latter date from Newr York. The Persia brought 217 passengers and $584,796 in specie on frei,ght; but the Ericsson had no specie. The Persia left her moorings at New York at 3.30 p.m., at three-quarters speed, on tne 2d.; at 4.50 p.m., slowed to wait for water; at 5.19 p.m., passed Sandy Hoolk; and at 5.45 p.m., after discharging her pilot, went on full speed. At 1.30 p.m. on the Sd she passed the Royal Mail steamship Asia, hence, and at 1 p.m., on the 11th, arrived at Cape Clear; at 3.30 p.m., at the Old Head of Kinsale; at 10 p.m., Tuskar; at 3.24 a.m., Holyhead; and Liverpool, at 8.37 a.m. The Persia experienced moderate, fresh, and strong breezes throughout, with alternationis of cloudy and clear weather. On the Oth, l0th, and 11th she ran respectively 331, 340, and 335 miles. The United States' mail steamship Atlantic, hence, arrived at New York on the 2d instant. In the Senate on the 27th ult., Mr. Harlan, of Iowa during the discussion on the Kansas affairs, said that- " He believed such agitation mischievous and fraught with danger to the perpetuity of the institutions of the country, and that Mr. Douglas's report w-as partial and perverted. He (Mr. Harlan) had no doubt that bodies of armed mien entered Kansas for the express purpose of controlling the elections, some by false swearing, and some by the use of force and anus and other ways of carrying out their designs. He said it was remarkable that, although statements from the London Times and other foreign journals wvere quoted by old and experienced senators without exciting sneers or expressions of scorn, yet when from the newvspapers of theiron country proof vwas adduced to show that gigantic frauds had been perpetrated upon the people of lIausas, thle statements were treated with disrespect and regarded as unworthy of notice. All the pro-slavery papers of Kansas and Missouri admitted the fact of forcible interference, and justified it as necessary and proper. Mr. Harlan continued in advocacy of the power and duty of Congress to exclutde slavery from the territories, and he denounced the idea that slavery should be permiitted in a territory, saying that once established it coild not be expelled." In the House of Representatives, on the motion of Mr. Faulklner, the Committee on Foreign Relations were instructed to inquire into the expediencv of modifying the act remodelling the diplomatic and consular system so as to repeal so much of it as reqluires that all diplomatic agents shall be of the grade of Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary. A military committee had been instructed to inquire into the expediency of accepting the services of volunteers to aid in the suppression of Indian hostilities on the Pacific coast. The discutssion on the Appropriation Bill for the suppression of Indian hostilities in Oregon and Washington had ended in the bill being passed. The House, after going into committee of the whole House on the President's annual message, during which the slavery question was discussed, had adjourned. 10,000 copies of the Central American correspondence, together with that betveen the United States and Great Britain on the arbitration and enlistment questions, were ordered to be printed, as were also the same nminber of copies of the document on the commercial relations of the United States with all foreign nations, statistics, comparative tariffs, &c. M51r. Hise, of Kentucky, had been sent for by the President, and offered the post of Minister to Nicaraguia in place of Colonel Wheeler. The Know-nothings Massachusetts Rouse of Representatives, by a constitutional vote, had refused to adopt a resolution to amend the constitution, so as to prohibit other than native-born citizens from holding office in the state. The United States' district attorney had entered a ?iol. pros. as against certain parties supposed to be interested in the Crimean enlistments. A reception ball had been given to MIr. John Frost, the Chartist leader, at the City Assembly-rooms. The United States' propeller Arctic had returned to New York after a cruise of 49 days in search of Yessels in distress. She had experienced heavy gales, but did not meet -with any vessels requiring assistance. The Merchants' Exchange and a number of other buildings and stores in Bath, Steulen county, New York, had been destroyed by fire. Damage was cloie to the extent of $25,000. The Court of Appeal at Albany has decided that the Prohibitory Liquor Law is unconstitutional, and therefore null and void; but it is of opinion that the Leoislature has full power to prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors. The Court holds that a piohibitory law must apply exclusively to the liquors not held at the time it takes effect. By the arrival of the steamship Illinois at New York from Aspinwall, advices have been received from California to the 5th and $1,261,000 in specie. The San Antonio gold excitement had entirely subsided, and the whole affair was regarded as a hoax. Preparations were beina made to send troops to the northward, wlhere the Indians were committing terrible ravages. The State Legislature was in session. The Sacramento Valley Railway Company had completed their work as far as Granite City, a distance of 22 niles. The inauguration had taken place, at which numerous State and national dignitaries w-ere present. OnRogueRiverabout300lndians had attacked the settlers and some IUnited States' soldiersand overpowered them. Theyslaughteredthe men, women, and children. Rumours of a new Filibustering expedition, to be directed against the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, are afloat in San Francisco. The first rain of the season fell at Panama on the 15th ult. Legislative amendments to the constitution were in prospect at Bogota.The message of the Vice-President to Congress represented the condition of the Republic as very encouraging. The qulestion of the disputed boundary with Costa Rica was about to be arranged. On the 18th uilt. it was riunoured in Panama that the Indians had destroyed the city of Santiago, in the province of-Veraguas. Later advices received at New Orleans by the steamship Daniel Webster, from San Juan, state that Colonel Schlessinger, the Nicaraguan Envoy to Costa Rica, was escorted out of that country on the 9th of March, and on the following day a formal declaration of war by Costa Rica was received at Granada. General Walker immediately returned the complment, and on the same evening, accompanied by6500 troops, he crossed the lake to Virgin Bay. On the followving day Colonel Schlessinger joined WYalker with 280 men. At the latest dates the Nicaraguan troops had not met the enemy, but had provided themselves with horses, intending to march against Guamo Castle on the 21st inst. Major Heiss had arrived at Granada with despatches from Washington for Minister WNheeler. An ambassador from San Salvador had arrived at Granada with despatches of a peaceful character, but taking exception to the presence of so many Americans. General Walker had been reinforced by the arrival of 310 Americans. General Walk;er, in a proclamation issuied on the 9th of March, states that he was invited by the democratic party of Nicaragua to espouse their cause. Re had complied-with their request, and struggled to carry out the principles of the revolution of 1354; but the Legitimist party, having repelled all efforts at conciliation, there was left no other resource but war. The Costa-Rica Government had isstued an address to the people of Central America, calling on them to rise and destroy the American invaders. The Britislh frigate President had arrived at Aspinwall on the 6th inst., from the coast of Mexico, with about a million of specie for England. The steamer Teviot had left with $1,000,000, in silver, for EuLrope. Advices from the Sandwich Islands state that thle lava stream from the great volcano was slowly winding towards Rilo, which it was feared it must eventually overwhelm. The dates from Havannah are to the 21st uIt. The British war steamer Argus had arrived from Port Royal, Jamaica, with nearly 50 of her crew sick vwith yellow fever. The sugar crop was improving. - CO]MIE RCIAL INTELLIGENCE. bloney continued abundant, not only in New York, but in all the great marts for commerce along the seaboard. The current rates were 6 to 9 per cent. for short prime, and 6 to 7 per cent. on calL The bank statement showed a steady movement. In exchange a fair business was done for the Persia-on London at 9. to 9 per cent.; Paris, 5f. 18'4c. to 5t. 171c. at 60 days', and 5f. 12k.c. at short sight; Antwerp, 5f. 183c., to 5f. 17Ak. ; Hambuig, 36,3 to 36G. The cotton-market was active, at an advance of one-eighth of a cent. In the flour-market the improvement consequent upon the Canada's advices was partially lost. For export there was nothing doing. In bar iron there fwas little or nothing doing. Scotch pig was held at $36, but the business was shght. Swedes' rails were scarce, and wnted. The dem3nd for turpentine waa shignt, and pncea wqre neMoua, Rosin was inactive, with stocks of iino smalL In consequence of the increase in pork during the month, themarket was firm, at an advance of 25c. on mess and 12',c. on prime. Beef was steady, with a moderate home demand. Bacon in limited supply, and wanted. Lard finn. Butter and cheese dull. Freights were without change.
IBELAND. MB. JUSTICE KEOGH. (FROM OUR OWN coRsRoSNDENTr.) DUBLI, SATURDAY EwN7NG. 'The Right lion. WilUiam Keogh has been sworn in before the Lord Chancellor as one of Her Majesty's Justices for the Court of Common Pleas. Mr. Keogh is one of the youngest judges by some years vho has ever sat on the judicial bench in Ireland. He was born in the year 1817. M r. Richard Mil'Kevin, solicitor, has been appointed his registrar. THE MYSTERIES OF ROOKWOOD-nouSE. Under this head one of the Dublin papers furnishes the foHowing sketch of some of the main incidents in the eventful life of the late Sarah Kelly. It may be mentioned here that all kinds of rumours have beencurrent since vesterdayrespectingthe testatamentary disposition of the property of the illfated woman; but as some of the stories carried with them an air of almost startling improbability, there would be no use in making further reference to them, especially as the real facts must be known before the lapse of many days:- "M Ars. Sarah Kelly, a lady of great wealth, residing on her estates in Galway, wvent out to walk in her grounds on Tuesday last, accompanied by her nephew ; two persons, respectably dressed as females, in black bonnets and veils, walked up to her, desired the nephew to move out of the way, and shot her dead through the head. The assassins then escaped. Such is all that the world knows of a murder, dark, hideous, and mysterious as any which the chambers of Stamboul, the quays of Venice, or the midnight streets of Paris could reveal. But, strange and mysterious as has been the death of this lady, it is only when viewed in connexion with her past life that it is seen in its true light; that de-ath so avful, so unparalleled in its circumstance, closed a life of almost fabulous incident and change; it erminated a career such as no novelist has ever dreamed of portraying. Sarah Kelly was born at Broadstairs, a watering-place on the coast of Kent, where her father kept an inn. At this inn, about 50 years ago, a young Irishman, named Meredyth, the heir of a handsome estate and a baronetcy, was sojourning. The beauty of the innkeeper's daughter attracted the notice of young Meredyth, and he devoted himself but too successfully to the task of her conquest. Miss Birch-for that was her namefled with her admirer to the ' Land of the West,' where she in due time presented bins with a too convincing token of attachment. Love has been said to fly at sight [of 'human ties;' in this case his light wings spread for want of them; Meredyth, the betrayer, abandoned his victim and herinfant, under circumstances of desertion so heartless as to induce a Dublin jury subsequently to award a sum of 3,000!. as damages in an action brought against him for her seduction. The trial took place about 1817, and elicited the forensic art and eloquence of some of the most distinguishedadvocates of the tume. Over the next succeeding chapters of Miss Birch's life we desire to pass with as little of detail as possible; she led the life of adventure and difficulty, of error and shame, into which her Drevious misfortune and her beauty had, we might almost say, driven her. Mr. Edmund Kelly, gentleman, of Merrion-square, an elderly widower, a land agent, solicitor, millionnaire, became acquainted with her; she gave up her city life, and became his housekeeper; subsequently, it appears, his wife, and mistress of Rookwoodhouse, county of Galvay. Mfr. Kelly had a daughter by his first wife, but she had disappeared: he had, however, relationsvwho expected to divide at his decease the enormous wealth, estimated at 300,0001. to 500,000!., of which he was the possessor. Mliss Birch was not as yet known, or, at any rate, not recognised as MIrs. Kelly. She was, however, most assiduouls in her attentionJs to the old man, who every daygrew more weak, more eccentric, and, it is said, more imbecile. Strange storiesweretoldofhislastdays-howtheideahaunted him that he should die of hlunger; how his watchful mistress, wife, nurse, cr gaoler-whichsoever she was-had his bedroom hung rounid with eatables of every description, stories of a deathbed marriage, of a deathbed will, but howv much of all this was truth, and howv much fable, can never be satisfactorily ascertained. Mr. Kelly died; Miss Birch claimed the recognition of her position as his widow, and produced a will entitling her to all the property, real and personal, of the late owner of Rookwood-house. His nearest relative, an elderly maiden lady rnaed Thewles, denied the validity of the will; her means were slight, but her claim was strong-at least so thought her friends, who advanced her the money sufficient to prosecute her suit at law. The action must be fresh in the recollection of onr readers, so we do not need to gsve its curious details. Miss Thewles had a verdict in her favour. Mrs. Kelly appealed from the Court of Delegates, but now offers of money flowed plentifully upon Miss Thewvles; offers of matrimony came also; she accepted one, that of her confidential solicitor. He was not as successful for his wife as he had been for his chent; the verdict in favour of Mfiss Thewles was totaUy set aside by the late Chancellor Blackbume in an able judgment upon Mrs. Kelly's application for a Court of Reviewv. Mrs. Kelly now set out to enjoy her wealth; she resided in Aferrion-square. One day a poor woman with two little children by the hand pulled the bell, and humbly asked the powdered and gold-laced footian to bear his mistress a note; there was no answer. She called again and often, and as often turned vwearily and dejectedly away. It u-as the daughter of the late Edmund Kelly, who was begging a morsel of all her father's wealth. What a history was hers ! She had been brought up with the fondest parental care; she had been placed at a first-rate boarding school in Cliton, in England, where no less than 3001. a-year was paid for her. When her father malried secondly she was remioved to an inferior school a' Bath, and her allowance gradually reduced. After many trials and vicissitudes, chiefly caused by false information as to her father's death, she was at length abandoned, with two children, by a profligate Nillain, who bad married her under the pretence of being her father's agent. She contrived to eke out a livelihood for herselfand children as a governess, until she again married a Mr. Morton. She had heard of her father's death, and of his extraordinary will, and of Miss Thewles's action, and she camie across to Ireland, to see if Mrs. Kelly would not help her in some way. Mrs. Kelly had a confidential solicitor, named Bircll; she called him her nephew; ot.hers said lie was a nearer relative still. This Mr. George Birch told the applicant that his aunt would do nothing for her, but that he would do something; he made vile proposals to her-and worse. Her husband, Mlr. Morton, brought an action for assault, and obtained damages 2001. and 6d., costs, against Mr. Birch. " The wealth of Edmund Kelly seemed to rest never, as if it were fated to be the prolific source of strife and contention, a curse and not a blessing. Mrs. Kelly drove up in great haste one day to a police office in the city, and aplied for a warrant a"ainst her nephew, George Birch, who had absconded with 200,000. ! He was airested on board the steamer, leaving England for the continent, but on being brought back not only stood his trial, but challenged a prosecution-none was pressed, we believe; matters were settled. The last appearance of Mrs. Kelly in the law courts was as defendant sued by the police sergeant who arrested MIr Birch, for the reward of 5001. which, it wvas alleged, she had offered. Since then she has resided princi- all onlherestatesin Galway, where she has been thus bararously assassinated. The attempt to divert the public from the true scent, by the idea of the murder being of an agrarian nature, has been a signal failure. All, save a few personls who could not be expected to forego on any possible occasion a wair-bowl against the Irish peasantry, recognisein this mysteriousmurder a finale to this most extraordinary history, connected with and springing fiom circumatances in her career and position, far different from what the assassins intended to suggest." THE TIPPERARY BAK. A notification from the Master in Chancery intimates thMt he will proceed on M1onday, the 28th inst. to settle the list of contributories to the Tipperary Bank. After such lists shallhave been settled, the Master further intimates that no person affected thereby wll be allowed to dispute the same vwithout the leave of the Court of Chancery. THE CONTEST FOR ATHION,E. At 11 o'clock to-day the Hon. Captain Handcock was 11 ahead of Mr. innis, and twvo hours later the Derbyite maintained the first place, although his majority was lessened by one vote. At that hour the numbers stood thus :-Handcock, 80; Ennis, 70. If the estimate be correct of the total available constitLency being not more than 160, there would remain but 10 more votes to decide the contest-if, indeed, it be not already decided in favour of Captain Handeock, who, of co-urse, will be mainly indebted for his return to the support of the 30 Roman Catholics who seceded from the Liberal camp. No later account has been received up to post hour. THE FTJNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 921; ditto, for account, Mfay S, 921 93; New Three per Ceint. Stock, 934 1; ditto for account, May 8, 931 i; Dublin and Kin gtown Railway Debentares, Four per Cent., of l100., 998-Roal Bank of Ireland (10!. paid), 194 4; City of Dublin Steam Coinpany (1001. paid), 59 ; ditto, sbares of 1836 (501. aid), 27 Railways.-Dublin and Wicklow (10!. paid), 51; Great Southern and Western (501. paid), for account, 524 K -il larney Junction (10!. paid), 9; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal (501. paid), 491; ditto, half shares (251. paid) 25; Nleagrj-, Warrenpoint, and Rosstre-or (201. paid), 421 Waterford and Kilkeuny (20!. paid), 5 54; ditto, for ac- count, 5. - - - . .-- . -
PuBLrc INcomE AMm EZX?ENI RiTUR.-An awcount of the public income and expenditure for the year ended the 31st nlt. gives the total receipts at 65,704,4901., and the total disbursements i.t 88,428,3451., leaving a deficiency, or excess of expenditure, amounting to the enormous sum of 22,723,8541. Of the receipts the sum of 21,788,7701. acomed from Customs, 1,^636,6691. from Excise, 6,894,3071. from stamps, 2,95S, 6261. from taxes, 14,814,7561. from the incometax, 1,171.6961. from the Post-office, 281,5151. from Crown lands, 527,3771. from sale of old stores, 472,0291. from miscellaneous receipts, and 98,4711. from unclaimed dividends. Of the expenditure, 28,112,8241. went towards the interest and management of the public debt, 1, 723,4191. to the charges on the consolidated fund, and 58,592,1001. to the supply services, including 17,395,0591. for the army, 19,654_5851. for the navy, 10,411,5431. for the Ordnan.-e, 4,200,0001. for the vote of crecdit (additional expense.', war with Russia), and 6,930.9121. for " miscellaueous ctvil services." The balance in the Excheqiw-r on the 31st of 31arch, 185, Ameuntca to 5,6ooq62i,
WEST INDIA MA4La< SOUT1HA:MPTON, APRIL ii; By the Royal mail steamship Atrato, Captain Woolley, which arrived this afternoon with thoWest Incia andPacific mails, in charge of Lieutenant May, lR.N., Admniralty agent, we have dates from_ Nassau ,, Belize ... Puerto Cabello Santa Martha Greytown ... Carthagena Colon .. Jamaica .. Jacmel ... Porto Rico Berbico ... Demerara ... Tobago ... Trinidad ... ...march 1S ., - 17 ... - 24 -,. - 23 -., - 21 -,, - 27 ,,. - 25 ... - 27 ... - 28 *to - 30 . -. - 25 - 25 -., - 26 ... - 25 Barbadoes ... Grenada ... St. Vincent St. Lucia Martinique Guadaloupo Dominica Antigua .,, Montserrat Nevis ... St. Xitt's ... Tortola ... La Guayra... St. Thomas's ... Mrch 27 25 ... - 26 -,. _ 23 .,, - 28 . -, - 28 ... - 28 .,. - 29 29 ... - 29 ... - 29 ... - 29 ... - 24 ... - 31 Tnh Atrato brings 86 passengers, among whom are Mff Corvaia, Venezuelan Minister to France and Holland, Lieutenant Swinburne, R.N., of Her Majesty's ship Daring, Lieutenant Murphy, and Dr. and Mrs. Thompson, of the 1st West India Regiment; the Rev. G. and Mrs. 3fillsom, &c. On freight there is specie value $645,088-say, 130,007. sterling; viz. :-from the Pacific Ports, $254,692; from California, $245,179; from Carthagena, $76,083; and from other parts of the West Indies, $69,134. The cargo consists of 198 serons of cochineal, 5 serons of indigo, 423 bales of bark, 27 cases of plants, 6 bales of tobacco, 11 casks of bees'-wax, 1 bale of sarsaparilla, 1 case of tortoiseshell, 11 eases of succades, and 45 packages of sundries. The Atrato during the greater portion of the voyage experienced fine weather. Intelligence from Jamaica is to the 27th ult. Our correspondent, writing on that date, says:- " The Legislature was not in session, but there was a rumour to the effect that His ExceUency the Governor intends calling it together at an early period, for what object it was not known. Fever was very prevalent, but few fatal cases, fortunately. The weather exceedingly hot, and, although there were frequent indications of rain, -we have not been blessed with any beyond very slight drizzling. A grand ball was to come off on the night of the 26th ult. at Uppark Camp, given to Lady Barkly by the military officers. Her Majestys ship Boscawen and steamship Argus had left for Havannah on the 15th ult., the former bearing the flag of Rear-Admiral Fanshawe. The Termagant, with the broad pendant of Commodore Kellet, arrived on the 15th, and left on the 18th for the Havannah, to join the squadron at that place. The American steamer Osprev was totally consumed by fire on the morning of the 25th. The fire broke out between 3 and 4 o'clock in the morning, and lasted till half-past 10 in the forenoon, when she went dovn in the harbour, leaving only the top of her funnel above the water. She was lying alongside of Messrs. Finke's wharf at the time the fire commenced, and was subsequently towed into the stream; fortunately there was no sea breeze at the tine, or the consequences might have been of a very serious and alarming nature, she being in the immediate vicinity of the Ordnance Department. The origin of the fire is not correctly known, but it is said that it was caused by one of the seamen approaching a whisky cask with a light, for the purpose of stealing some, when it ignited." There is little to notice in commercial matters at Jamaica Stock of all wines small. In brandy no sales had taken place. Corn meal was quoted at 24s. to 25s., at which price some few sales had been made. Superfine Baltimore flour was sold at 43s. The market was well supplied with fine salt, but coarse was wanted. Sales in sugar were taking place at 17s. to 19s. ld., according to quality. Exchange on London, for bils at 90 days' date, were quoted at l per cent. pm.; 60 days, 1 per cent. pm.; and 30 days, 13 per cent. pm. The following English vessels *were in Kingston harbour -The bark Marianne, the brig Victoria, the brigantine St. Lawrence, the schooner Emily, and the sloop Elizabeth. From Demerara our intelligence is to the 25th ult. The Court of Policy met on the 24th, and was chiefly occupied by the discussion of a bil to amend the Militia Ozdinance recently passed. The weather continued dry, and the estates were suffering in consequence. Agricultural operations were almost universaUy suspended. The exports during the month consist of-Sugar, 2,032 hhds., 155 tierces, 144 barrels, 44 half-barrels; rum, 1,135 puncheons, 283 hhds., 224 barrels; coo oanuts, 19,200; old metal, 70 tons. Business among the merchants was very dull, and freights extremely low. The barks Cleopatra and Clio, from London, the Dora, from Bristol, and the ship Sandbach, from Liverpool, had arrived at Demerara. The bark Premier sailed for London on the 18th ult., the Florence and the Viscountess Canning on the 20th, and the Sappho on the 24th. The ship Johnstone, for Liverpool, and the bark George, for Bristol, had likewise sailed. At Grenada sugar-making continued, but many of the canes did not exhibit a good yield. The shortness of labour was a good deal felt in the field, native Creole labour becoming more scarce every year. Vessels were conming in freely; twvo had arrived from India, only one of which brought an importation of coolies. The Customs' returni for the quarter ending December show that the amount of revenue from that source reached over 15,6001. Upwards of 5,000 hogsheads of sugar had been shipped to that date, one large shipment of which was for the United States. Several vessels were also loading for the same destination. News had arrived in Port of Spain of the partial destruction of the town of Maturin by fire. A very large quantity of property was destroyed. At Barbadoes crop operations were proceeding satisfactorily. The following produce had been shipped to date:Sugar, 9,931 hogsheads, 563 tierces, 2,287 barrels, equal to 10,592 hogsheads. Molasses, 691 puncheons, 17 hogsheads, 24 barrels. Runi, 427 punelheons, 5 hogsheads. The West India islands generally were healthy, but rain was wanted everywhere. The latest dates from Venezuela are of the 24th of March. The Dutch squadron lying in the harbour of La Guayra since the 9th of February last was about to proceed to Curacoa, with the Hon. 1. Bingham, Her Majesy's Charg6 d'Affaires at Caraccas, on board, who had been instructed by his Government to offer his good offices in settling the question between the Dutch and the Venezuelan Governments with regard to the Aves Island and the indemnity alleged to be due to some Jewish merchants in Coro, on account of an outbreak of the populace last year. A protocol was signed on the 23d of March between the Minister of Foreiga Affairs of Venezuela, the Acting Dutch Consul-General, and the Hon. R. Bingham. It was agreed that the Dutch squadron should leave the Venezuelan waters, that the itihvzotumn presented by Holland on the 5th of March should be withdrawn, or suspended, that negotiations should be opened for three monthsain Caraccas, and in case of not coming to an arrangement the disputed points were to be submitted tothe Dutch Government by the Venezuelan Minister Plenipotentiary appointed ad 7eoc, and the negotiations then to be carried on in the Hague. Congress had given a decree authorizing future Congresses when totally renewed by elections to alter such articles of the constitution then deemed necessary to theinterests of the country. Theobject seemed tobethere-electionofa President when the popular will wasinfavourofsucha measure. Business was brisk and prices of produce high. Coffee, $14 per 1001b.; cocoa, $27; hides, $23. The American ship Siam, 727 tons, of Salem, Wiliams master, which left Manilla on the 3d of October, bound to Boston, had put into St. Thomas's in distress, with her rudder and pintles broken and sails blown away. The only thing eatable onboard the Siamwhen shearrived inport was 9flb. of bread. Shehas a valuable cargo of hempandsugar, and would, it was expected, be againuready for sea in about a fortnight. On the 28th of February the Siam fell in with the American brig Motto, of Province Town, Massachusetts, Door master. ThTefollowing account of a sunken wrec1k in the Japan Sea was supplied by Captain Williams, of the Siam, to the St. Thomas's Tidende:-" In the vicinity of the 'Jason Rock,' laid down in the chart as 'position uncertain,' and said to be about two leagues W.N.W. of West Island, and six leagues S.W. of the North Watcher, ascertained from the master of the British ship Mersey, fromWhampoa, bound to England, that he had seen above water the masts of a large vessel sunk in 25 fathoms of water, as set down in the charts. The topgallant and royal masts with yard across and rigging on were above water, and the topsail lifts were hanging from the topmast heads. When seen the Mersey was working out for the Jason Rock, laid down, as already said, 'position uncertain.' The following bear. ings were then taken:-The South Brother, N. 27 W., westernmost of the Thousand Islands (called West Island), S. 65 E. South Brother and the wreck in one line at the time bearing N.W., and juist sunk from the quarterdeck. There was a fresh breeze blowing, but no part of the wreck was floating about. The fear of the place where the vessel was sunk prevented aU further examination of the spot." The English schooner Henry King, Heyliger master, which arrived at St. Thomas's on the 23d ult., conveyed to that port from MargaTita, the master (Smith) and crew, 19 in number, of the American schooner Emerald, of Provinceton-n, Mlassachulsetts, which w as lost on the rocks at the tho island called the Seven Brothers. The nmaster, crew' &c., proceeded to the Island of Blanca, in the vicinity, saving notlhing but the apparel they had on; remained seven days at Blanca, during which time they partook of the hospitality of the scanty population; then proceeded in open boats to Margarita, whero they remained five days previous to embarking on board the Henry King. The FEnerald, we learn, was in search of guano. The following information respeting Her Majesty's ships of war in the WVest Indies has been received by tlhe Atrato. At Greytown the Ihrnmes; the E,urydieo w gri-uling off Mosquito. At Barbadoes the Mariner and the VestaL At St. Thomas's the uledea. At Jamaica the Imaum, the Axachne, and the Daring. On the Eavannah station the Powerful, the Arab, the Espiegle, and the.Buzad. The Termagant and the Argus were expected at vanniab, and t1w Boscawen was en route to Bermuda. Th.ie Frencih steamer Le Grondenr and the schooner La Jouvenielle were at Guadaloupe, and the French frigate Iphigenie, with the Admiral's flag, at Martinique.
THJE PACFIC. SOUTHAMPTON, AF'aL 13. By the Royal Mail steamship Atrato we have received our usual files of journals from the Pacific ports. The mail steamer Santiago arrived at Panama on the 21st ult., with dates from Valparaiso, February 28; Cal!ao, 3March12; and GuayaquiL March 16. The news from Chili is unimportant. Preparations were in progress for the coming Presidential election in September, and it was supposed that the present Administration would be re-elected. The attention of the Government had been lately directed to the establishment of schools in various parts of the repuablic, and the formaXon of libraxies in the chief towns. The Valparaiso and Santiago Railway was progressing, and a further portion was to be opened in September. The position of mercantile affairs is thus summed up "Duringthe past fortnight the market has been steady, with moderate sales for interior consumption. In cottons, shawls and pantaloon stuffs are inquired for and wanted; all other articles steady, with stocks on hand. Woollens quiet, with full supply. Silks, market well provided. Linens, market sujplied and quiet. Metals abundant, except tin plates, which are much indemandand scarce. Wines, spirits, and oils are plentifuL with steady sale. Almonds, beef, pork, and lard are wanted; all other provisions plentiful, at fair prices. Spirits of turpentine, indigo, American soap, and pine lumber wanted; for the latter $50 to $55 would be paid for good assorted lots. "Chili Produce.-Copper in bars $23 per qL on shore with ready sale. Regulus of 50 to 60per1Oat $9 25 to $10. Copper ores of 25 per cent., 325. Flour is held in few hands at $;9 50 per 200Th. for consumption. A cargo lately sold in Australia (Jan. 9) brought $25 per ten, equal to $1;250O for 2001b. 1'he reports of the incomning harvest are more favourable." The Panae7ni Star gives the following news from Nicaragua:- " Costa Rica has declared war against the Filibusters, and is joined by the other Central American States. Costa Rica requires 9,000 men and $100,000 from the Republic. Walker has also declared war against Costa Rica and marched to Guanacasta, a frontier station of Costa Rica, to meet Colonel Bosquet, of the Costa Rica army, who has quite a respectable force. Walker intends to seize the steamer at San Juan del Sur, to transport troops and munitions of war to PuntaArenas. He has not over 1,500 men in all, of whom a large percentage is unfit for duty, owing to sclkness. This route to California is not safe. The Costa Rica Government has notified the Transit Company of the existence of war, and their intention to intercept navigation between the river and lake. The Walker p arty at Zarepiqui, 35 miles up the San Juan, seized the lastEnghsh mail en 2ou0te for San Jose."
TUE PBNINrSULAR MAILS. SOUTHAW7PTOIX, ARm 13. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Madrid, Captain Bradshaw, which arrived this morning with the Peninsular mails, in charge of Lieutenant M1orris, R.N., Admiralty agent, we have dates from Gibraltar, April 3; Cadiz, 4; Lisbon, 9; Oporto and Vigo, 10. The Madrid brings 24 passengers, and on freight specie valued at 751., 478 boxes of oranges, 425 elephants' tusks, 113 boxes of dates, 59 cases of potatoes, 2 boxes of saffron, 65 boxes of eggs, 21 casks of wine, and 32 packages of general merchandise. The Madrid during the voyage experienced showery weather, with strong W.S.W. winds. In lat. 37'54 N, long. 916 W., spoke the bark Canada, -with loss of topmast and bowsprit. The Madrid offered assistance but it was refused. A bark, supposed to be the Heroine, of Shields, was on shore under the lighthouse off Cadiz. London bills were scarce upon the Lisbon Exchange this packet, and three months were done at 54;, money over; Paris, 520; Hamburg, 49B; Amsterdam, 431; and Genoa, 519. Stocks were quiet at 414 to 42L for Three per Cents. in coupons, and 42 to 42A for registered bonds. Bank of Portugal Shares, 487 to 490 milreis per share; Oporto Bank Stock, 16 to 1S per cent premium. Her ajesty's steamer Blenheim was at anchor in.the Tagus, with two French steamers and a Sw>edish corvette.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-May I venture to solicit your grave attention fora few minutes? There is a general reorganization of the civil service goimn on; and, also, it has been proposed to " throw open 16,Oli salaried places to the general competition of the country;" butthat " general competition" excludes a class whose painful position appeals to the manly consideration of legislators-a class for whose grievances it has seemed almost inpossible to devise even rehef. Let statistics tell the number of gentlewomen whom reverse of fortune and false sentiment consign to demoralizing dependence, or a vain endeavour to earn their "daily bread" in this country, where there is no adequate remunerative occupation for women, sceing that the avenues of employment are monopolized by men; who are, withal, fast driving us from the field of female tuition. They have, for the most part, left us the needle, but the pen, literature ence ted, is forbidden. 1 would submit for candid consideration whether some of these 10,000 salaried places could not be adapted to and reserved, in certain cases, for us, as they are in France, where women are engaged in a large proportion of civil employment, while iu England there is no recognition of single women. A man who can write and spell may earn a comfortable living by filling up formulas or copying documents, an occupation denied capable gentlewomen whomreverses of fortune drive unprepared into the world to battle for life: If Oriental nations seclude their women, they at least take care of every one of them. Of what avail the negative and unobtrusive amiabilities and inanities we have been too long taught exclusively to cultivate ?-they suffice us not in the battle for bread ! Alow us to gather up some crumbs. Give to us some of that easy employment which is more suitable for women than men. That one act of justice and recognition of the Master of the Rolls, SirJohn Romilly, in appointing a lady to the civil service as a regular servant is a precedent for good. With submission, Sir, I solicit your able advocacy of this interesting question of remunerative employment for gentlewomen. Let the " Sesame" be spoken that shall open to us some of these bolted doors. A lady is on the throne; ladies have quitted their drawing-rooms to care for, as women only can, our brave countrymen, amid the horrors of war and pestilence. Existence is one grand and blessed mutuality, yet we lack that fulness of life which is the result of giving, receiving, sharing. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant- _ _ AL ApriI U.
THxE Nnw MVEDICAL PROFESSCIO.N (No. 2) B3I1L.- We have already given an abstract of the Medical Bill of MIr. Headlain. That just introduced by Lord Elcho, Mlr. Fitzroy, and Mtr. G. A. Hamilton w.Ls printed on Saturday, prior to its second reading. It repeals sundry acts, or parts of them, from the reign of Henry VIm. to that of George Ill, including the 3d of Henry VIII., cap. 11(1611), and the 14th and 15th of Henry VIII., can. 6S e 32d of Henry VN., cc. 40 and 42, the 33d anC 34th of Henry VIII., cap. 8, the 1st of Mary. cam. 9, the 10th of George I., cap. 20, the 18th of Geoijre It, cap. 15, and the 55th of George mI., cap. 194 (1815). A "Mledical Council" for the runited kingdom is to be established, to consist of the President of the Board of Health and eight members of the profession, to be chosen by Her Majesty in Privy Council from lists of eight persons to be transmitted by each of the various corporations and colleges recognized as having a right to confer medical degrees; of the eight chosen members four are to be resident in England and two in each of the sister kingdoms. The President of the Board of Health will be a perpetual member ex officio, the other eight members will vacate their offices quinquennially, when theymaybe reappointed, or eight others selected from the lists as before. All vacancies will be filled up by HIer Mlajesty in Council. The MNedical Council is to fix the qualifications for practice and to determine the course of study and the amount of examination, without which no person will be permitted to enter on mediacal practice, as well as other matters connected with medical education. The rules of the council are to be reviewed triennially. The degrees and diplomas of the corDorations at present authorized to grant degrees will be recognized by the council as qualifications for registration with a view to practice, but in future, and-as regards al students enterig upon their course of study after this act has passed, the rules of the council must be fulfilled by the said colleges and corporations. The council is empowered to dispense with certain parts of the study ande;ammnation fixed by this act in favour of present students. Any two corporations nay unite in examinations. The council naay refuse to register on degrees of colleges, &c., which have refused or neglected to comply with the requirements of the council. All existing degrees and diplomas will become virtually invalid after the passing of the act, until they are produced by their possessors, and the latter are duly registered. A fee of & wil be exacted for registration in the first instance, and a fee of 5s. for every subsequent allegDation. An annual register will be kept, to which all medical practitioners must supply tb.eir names and addresses before the 1st of February in each year. Registered persons w;ill he entitled to practise, and to receive charges for advice and visits, but such charg's, be it understood, must be "reasonable." None but registered persons can recover charges. Persons fraulddentgy pretendng to rank as medical practitioners Vwill be fined 201. for every such offence, and the penalty for false representations to the registrar will ba imprisonment fct a year-possibly writh hard labeny. TDhe commission of felony rms demeanour will lqad to the erasuae of the name of the culprit from tLexatdical register, nd 8s disqualhim from legaUy prfotitPg mn fgI
SOUTH AZiIERICA. iSoUTRAWTON, AM= 120. By the Royal mail Steamship Tay, Captain Bridgeg, Vith the Brazilian and iliver Plate nanls, in charge of Lie at Bolton, R.N., Admiralty agent, we have dates from Buenos Ayres, March 3; Montevideo, 6; Rio Janeiro, 16; Babia, 20; Pernambuco, 22; St. Vincent's, 31; Teneriffe, April 4; Madeira, 5; Lisbon, S. The Tay brings about 100 pasengers, among whom ase Captam La Picarde, of the French Imperial navy. Lieute. [nant St. John, late lag lieutenant to Admiral Johnstone, of B:er Majestys ship Indefatigable; and Madame Charton; prima donna of the Opera at Rio. On freight there are diamnonds valued at 01,650&.; and a cargo consisting of 1021 barrels of tapioca; 95 serons of ipecacuanha; 5 cases and, 78 packages of plants, &c. During the voyage the Tay experienced very stkong X.E; trade winds from the lino to Teneriffe. On the 27th uit. she spoke the Royalmail steamer Avon, vwith the outward Brazilian mails; all well on board. She also pasaed the Portuguese screw steamship Donna .Maria Segunda, who reported havingmet the first of the levre line of steaxers bound for the Brazils. Our advices from Buenos Ayres are to the 3d ult. ThE political intelligence is unimportant. There was a rumour of another great invasion of ladians,: but it seems doubtful. It is understood that Governor Ob]igado will make peace with them if he can, but their. pretensions are likely to be very extravagant. It is also reported that General Urquim is making active preparations. The presence of the Braz}ian Envoy at the Parana is another motive of distrust. In comamercial matters there is little to report. Imports and stocks were low. In the department of manufactured goods the chief demand was for the local market,without any alteration in prices. For the sister provinces of the! Confederation the demand was also very limited, it being necessary to settle the question of peace or war before conm mercial intercourse could resume its activity. The arrivals during the month were moderate. In articles of daily consumption the arrivals from the United States and Slediterranean -bad been more moderate than in the preceding month, but the general market was abundantly supplied. Common Spanish wines were abundant. Yerba, Paraguay tobacco, and rice showed a downward tendency, while sugar and coffee were buoyant. Scarcity, it was presumed, caused the rise in sugar, which was created by private speculation. Brazilian produce in general was scares and, therefore, dear. The harvest would, no doubt, be deficient. Superior qualities of wheat were talked of equal to any produced in England or the United States, although bread was 50 per cent. dearer than inLondon. A large proportionofthe woolcrophad been despatched. Pricesfor ordinary and low qualities had declined from 25 to 30 per cent. A considerable quantity of the black cattle killed were plundered by the Indians. The exports during the month to England amounted to 70,000 salted ox and cow hides, 7,500 salted horse hides, 4,000 bo-xes of tallow, 500 boxes of mare's grease, 400 bales of wool, G0 bales of hair, 32 bales of sheepslins. 200 scrons of tobacco. Continental exports shov a return of 70,000 dry ox and cow, hides, 14,000 salted, 500 boxes of tallow, 4,500 bales of wool. Coals were $12 silver per ton, salt 7.A reals per fanega, lumber 35. Freights for England 40s. for salted hides, 47? for tallow, 35s. for wool, and 70s. for tobacco. Exchange on London 6Ss. to 6Ss. 6d. per doubloon; Paris S6f. 50c. to 87f.; doubloons M42,currency. From Rio -we learn that a few cases of yellow fever had broken out. Cholera had decreased to about 10 deaths daily. The dissolution of the Chamber of Deputies was spoken of. The Minister from Paraguay had been officially presented. No further failures among shopkeepers had taken place, It was reported that the new tariff would come into operation on the 1st of July, but it required confirmation. Imports generally were moderate and prices of staple manufacture firn. The markets were well supplied -and late arrivals were in advance of the demand. Prices of coffee had - declined 200 to 300 from the quotations per Tamar, and the stock amounted to 120,000. The supplies 'were small, owing to the bad weather, andthe quality generally inferior. The new crop promised to be abundant. Large transactions had taken place inthe Don Pedro railway shares at par and 1 premium. Exchange closed at 27A, a moderate business having been transacted at 274 to 27A; Paris, 340 to 354; amburg, 055. In reference to commercial matters our Rio correspondent says:- Coffee.-Since7the last packet little or nothing was done to the end of Febraary, with the exception of 22,000 bags shipped on dealers' own account. The arrivals have been very limited, on account of bad news from the interior. The rainy weather, as also the epidemic, has checked in a high degree the gathering of the crop, and the proof is that entries, not only froni the interior but coastwvise, -which are daily expected, have not at all come forward; the dealers on this account are firm, so much so that, even this month, about 40,000 bags have been already shipped on their account. Indeed, the Rio coffee-market never presented so especial an aspect, and we think that prices wifi keep high, not only on account of the -want of slaves, hut also on account of the state of our roads. Our stock, which has been gathering for nearly two months, from the small daily entries, is about 100,000 bags. Our quotations are:-Superior washed, 5,800, 6,400; superior, 5,400, 5,(i00; first good, 5,000, 5,200; first ordinary, 4,700, 4.900; second good, 4,300, 4,500; second ordinary, 3,500, 3,800. The sales since last steamer have reached 81, 000 bags, of -which 52,000 are since the 12th inst., besides 40,700 shipped on dealers' account. I Sugar.-The sales have been for home consumption, excepting 100 cases and 150 barrels for exportation, from 3,G00 to 4,300 for white, and 2,0 to 2,800 for brown. " l?reights.-To England, SOs.; English Channel, 50s. to GlOs.; Antwcrp, GOs., Hamburg, 5Os.; Mediterranean, 5s. to G5s. ; United States, SOc. - Ifavre, 40£. " Stock.-Little doing. Six per Cents., 1051, to 10G' ex. div.; Provincial, 102 to 103; Sovereigns, S,800 to 9,COO." A't Bahia yellow fever and cholera were in existence, the former principaUy among foreign sailors and new arrivals, and the latter among the coloured population. Winter was setting in. The sugar crop was very short, but the growing canes promsedwel. Coffee on the tree was also in good cultivation. The Government contract for lighting the city with gushasbeenforwarded bythisconveyance. The stock of sugar in hand was 6,749 tons; cotton, 5,000 bags. In exports the latest quotations in sugars, for browns, were 2,O to 2,550; whites, 2,600 to 3,3D0. Sales of cotton were made at 5,300 to 5,400 reis per arroha. according to qnality, at which rates it cost 5.26d. to 5.37d. per lb., free on board, freight excluded. Exchange, 27I,-. In coffee few supplies had beenreceived, and qur.tations ranged from 4,400 to 5,300. The inquiry for cocoa continued brisk, and supplies were coming to market very sparingly. Qaotations were firm at 4,000 to 4,200 reis. The stock of hides was small, and prices unchanged. Considerable activity prevailed in freights at rising rates. The charters effected were, one vessel for Gottenburg, at 47s. Gd per ton; one for Bremen, at 35s., for 200 tons of sugar as ballast, and 55s. per ton for tobacco; twvo vessels for the Channel at 60s. per ton, and#wo for the Mediterranean at 57s. 6d. and 62s. 6d. per -ton. Transactions in exchange were limited, the latest qaotations bceing 27Qj. The followting British vessels w ere at Bahia :-The l)avid Hfarrison, the Norah Crerna> the Florist, the Grecian, thc Eclipse, the Glaucus, the Oberon, the Premier, the Alberta, and the Ranger. At Pernambuco cholera was on the decline, the deaths having decreasedfroml30 to about 50 daily. The supply of sugar was limited and cotton scarce. Freights vere dull. The last charter to England was made at 30s. Exchange closed firm at 27 for first-rate paper. The ships Jane Clerk and Camillahad arrived from1iverpool; the James Stuart, the Netherton, and the Peerless, from St. John's, and the Blackvwal, from Melbourne, had put in for provisions on the 1Sth nlt. At Teneriffe rain was much wanted for the crops. The health of the island was good. The cochincal crops were in excellent condition, and the cultivation was rapidly in, creasing. The Columbus, from the coast of Africa, was at Teneriffe, and had been condemned, and was to be sold on the 9th inst. The British bark Speed, with palm oil, had likewise arrived at that island. The island of 3Iadeira was healthy. At Lisbon the potato crops had entirely failed, owing to the excessive rains. The following particulars have been reeeived respecting Her Majesty's ships of war :-At Rio were the ExpressMradagascar, Rifleman, and Spy. At Bahia, the sloop Siren. The Trident had left Pernambuco a few days when the Tay sailed. The American ship Savannah, and the French ships Capricieuso and Kirby were at Rio. The British ships Parana and Kew had arrived from London; the Christopher Newton, Dandee, and tho 3earkwell, Aurora, Clymene, and Ehclipse. fron ILiverpooL The Portuguese screwsteamer Donna Maria, 20 days from Rio, had arrived at Vincent's.
We are requested by Mr. Baines to state that the motion " to report prog,ress," at the close of the education debat& on Friday night, was made, not by 5r. Baines (as erroneously stated in the printed votes and division list issuled on Saturday morning), but by Mr. Barnes, the member for Bolton. GREAT SMP.E= OF IJANARx3SME COTMIER5.- In consequence of a resehltion on tho part of the codl. masters to ssduce the wnges of the colliers Is. per dayviz., from 5s. to 4s.-great excitement has prevailed among the worknen, and meetings attended by several thousan&s have been held this week in the various mining, districts in Lanarkshire. On Thursday a meetinattenSd by 5,000 nwen was held at the Govan Colliery, near Glasgow, and zesolutions were passed not to workemcpnting at the old rate of 5s. per day, the men aUegin xt"he price of iron, for the smelting of which theproduas vt the pits is principally used, fully justifies the former zto of wages. In the meantime fully 14,000 men are on sike in what is tormed the Glasgow district, and, tbeoglt hitherto the men have been peaccable, much unwsiness exists as to the result. It is expected thatin the 'ginning of next week the strike will extend to the counties of lenfrew and ayr. Very few pits stiR continue at work at the old wages of 5ml. nr daoy PEmN-am YLA% QuRDDs.-Tw melacholy Iaccidents have juLst occurred in these qnries. Thomas oherts, an old man of above 60 year.s of age, and X youth I of 15 were, within a few hours of each other,lkilled by large portions of the rock falling u)on them. They were conveyed immediately to the qunarry hospital, but though every attention was paid thiy' surviva~lly g Xfew h*lus.
FOBEIGVY INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (BY SEUBMAR AND BRITISH TMEGRAPH.) [A portloa of the following appeaZedIln our second editlon OfSatJ:T-] We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Paris correspondent:- PAIRIS, S.%TuRDAY, APrIL 12, 8.30 A.Mr. "4 The Moaitezur publishes the following:- " ' TheMinister of War has received the following fbulletin of the sanitary state of the aramy, dated Sebastopol, April 7:- 11 I The ver7 marked improvement in the general state of health continues. The typhus becomas daily less violent. It is vWibly abating. " 'I trust that we have spring coming at last. "'llarshal PELISSIER."' FRANCE. (I}OY OUOIWo olWN COPSFODBNT.) PARIS, FRIDAY, ARIL 11, 6 P.M The Congress sits to-morrow, and the result is looked forward to with much interest. The question of Italy has occupied them earnestly for several days past, and it will again form the principal subsect of their deliberations. They hope to terminate it in to-morrow's sitting; if they do not, they will consider it again on Mlonday or Tuesday. In any view the Plenipotentiaries might take of the situation of the Italian peninsula, the occupation of certain portions of it would naturally be among the first, and it is said that to this point also M. Cavour particrularly direefed the attention of his colleagues. He showed the inconsistency of an occupation of territory, contrary to the will of its population, by foreign troops, and dwelt on its inutility, and the impossibility of such a state of things lasting for any time. In truth, a moment must come when such an anomaly must cease. The principle of intervention is, no doubt, to be deprecated, but if intervention is at aLl justifiable it is when the object is to support good government-a government based on justice, and not to perpetuate an oppressive and detested despotism. is not improbable that the Governments which eist solely by the support of foreign bayonets will be informaed that the ime is come for them to consider seriously what they ought to do. Those Governments declare that the vast majority of their subjects look up to them with confidence, respect, and affection; that they are no longer led astray by mischievous theories, and that they have a horror of revolutionary doctrines. If such be the case surely they have no need of foreign protection, and it will be submitted to them whether it is consistent with their own dignity that French or Austrian troops should for ever come between them and the zeal and love of their people. A French army cannot for ever occupy Rome; and if its occupation be continued it ought to be to aid the Pope in establishing necessary reforms in his internal administration. In other words, the condition on which the occupation will be maintained is that these reforms should be- introduced. If the Pope is really the idol of his subjects he cannot want French or Austrians to keep him on his tbrone. It is the necessity for such an alternative that has been discussed in the Congress, and some resolution on it is expected to terminate to-morrow's sitting. If no conclusion be come to, the Congress wil, as I said before, again meet on Monday or Tuesday. It is curious that on this point Russia has given her support to Sardinia, and Count Orloff lets slip few occasions of appearing on the best terms with Count Cavour. I will not say that this proceeds from any newborn zeal for representative government. It is unquestionably attributable to the hatred which now animates Russia against the very name of Austria. iNo one has forgotten M. Nesselrode's note when Sardinia resolved on giving her contingent to the alliedarmies. He comDlained that Sardinia had drawn the sword before any formal declaration of war, and AL Cavotur in his reply reminded the Russian MEnister that the Czar had not only never recognized the Constitutional Government of Sardinia, but had evinced his hostility in every way he could, short of making war. I have reason to believe that the main, if not the only cause of the refusal of such recognition, was Austria. It was Austria that urged Russia to that refusal, and it was Austria that secretly encouraged the Czar in his enmity, and fanned the flame of his resentment. Of Austria it may now be said that she is quite as much, if not more isolated, than Prussia. Even last night, during the fete at the Ottoman Embassy, it was remarked that Count Buol was hardly addressed by any one. I have said that the Plenipotentiaries hope to bring their labours to a close tomorrow or early next week; this, however, is but a hope and not a certainty. Lord Clarendon expects to be able to leave Paris on Friday next. On the subject of the Danubian Principalities the Congress do not agree with the Porte in the plan of establishing a Mloldo-Wallachian Commission at Constantinople for its final settlement. They prefer that the question of granting to the Principalities a new organization, or of confirming that which now exists, should be maturely examined by the Sultan in concert with the allies, and not by such a commission, which would at Constantinople be exposed both to the pressure of the Porte and of the Fanariot party, whose administration of that ill-fated country is remembered with detestation. The Congress desire that the internal organization of these countries shall, according to the terms of the first guarantee, be in conformity with the wants and the wishes of theirpopulations; theywvishthatwhilethesuzerainete of the Sultan is maintained, the interests of the provinces as well as those of Europe shall not be disregarded, and for that purpose they require that the examination into their wants and wishes shall be intrusted to a mixed commission composed of the representatives of the contracting Powers-the Porte of course being included-andof delegates from the Principalities. During the conferences of Vienila a note was addressed, after due notice to the Porte, totheHospodars,invitingtheitosendrepresentatives to V ienna to give to a commiusion, to be formed of the Plenipotentiaries of France, England, Austria, and Turkey, the necessary information relative to the exceptional state of the Principalities. The Porte, in reply, proposed to send to Vienna a Boyard for each Principality wvith the title of Plenipotenitiary for the Ottoman Government, andl whose mission should be limited to furnishing information on the state of the Principalities. Beforethis could be done the Vienna conferences came to an end. The invitation addressed to the Hospodars showved that the sovereignty of the Principalities was recognized at Vienna; the proposal of the Porte incicated a wish to get rid of the question by a side- wind. WIZe read in the lonitekur de l'A rnmee- " The English papers stated that the Emperor had sent to the English Government a number of silver medals to be distributed among the soldiers of the English army who served in the Crimea; and. the Erench journals, which repeated the statement, must have naturally supposed that they were medals similar to those lately conferred by the Queen of England on the officers and soldiers of the allied armies who fought in the Crimna. We have reason to believe that such is not the cas,e, but that the Em7 peror intends to grant a certain number of decorations of the military medal, instituted by him to recompense the services of non-commissioned officers and soldiers. These decorations, 500 in number, 'ill be given to the non-commissioned officers and men of the English army who have distinguished them-,elves during that glorious campaign." A letter from Tunis, of March tlhe 23d, in the .Thdpendwanwe of Brussels, says:- " The Bey has received from the Sultan a despatch relative to the new reforms decided on at Constantinople, with an injunctioa to carry them out in the regency. The Prince at once sent for his brother, Sidi Sedak, at the time at Gerid, collecting the taxes of the tribes in that quarter. It is Eaid that the object of sending for the Prince is to inform him, as heir to the throne, of the orders of the Sultan. Nothing is spoken of amoag the natives but the HattiHumayoun of Constantinople. They look on it as extra. ordinary that a Christian can have rights equal to a Mussulman, forgetting tllat throughout Enrope they enjoy equality with the Christians in every respect. There is no doubt but that the task of enforcing in Tunis the resolution of the Turkish Government will be one of great difficulty. It i3 said that immediately after Sidi Sedak arrives he will be sent on a mission to the Emperor N, apoleon." The f£te at the Ottoman Embassy last nig,ht was very brilliant. The Emperor remained about an hour. Prince Napoleon and the PrincessAMathilde were present. Asl Pasha did the honours of the Embassy, and, with the Ambassador, received the guests. The P.ussian Plenipotentiaries were not present. The cause of their absence is a real one,-one of the atzclis of the Russian Embassy is attacked with smallpox, and the fear of spreading the infection kept them away. It appears from the last returns of the Bank of Francethat the metallic reserve has increased during the past month 13,639,758f. in Paris, and 140,493,327f. in the branch banks. The discount , accommodation has augmented in Paris 3,753,821f., I and decreased in the departments 4,571,360f. - The advances on public securities have declined in Paris 1,413,500f., and - increased in the departmcnts 234,900f. - The notes in circulation have increased 2,482,600f. in Paris, and fallen off in the departments 5,30.4,'50f. The Treasury account-cutrrent has augmented 13,991,512f., and those of private persons have, increased 39,872,296f. in Paris, and decreased 1,98K,332f. in the departments. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ended on the 31st ult. were 943,118f., or 8,341f. more than during the correspondingrweek of 1835. The gross receipts, since the 1st of January amounted to 11,516,324f., being a difference in favour of 1856 of 1,300,523f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 90c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 5Oc. ; and the New Loan at 74f. 35c. ; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,360f.; Great Northern, 1,050f.; Strasburg, 1,030f.; New Shares, 870f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,367f. 50c. ; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,710f.; Western of France, 895f. ; Bordeaux and Cette, 780f.; Great Central of France, 6G8f. 75c. ; Lyons and Geneva, 805f. ; Bank of Crddit Mobilier, 1,740f. ; AustrianRailways, 927f. 50c. Cours Authentique.-PABis, April 11.-Cash Pricee.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 92f. 75c. 93f. ; Threeper Cents., 73f. 35c. 40c. 45c. 40c. 50c.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (80 per cent. paid) 73f. 40c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 73f. 80c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 73f. 80c.; Bank of France, 3,875f.; Credit Fencier, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f. ; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Mlobilier, 1,735f. 1,740f.; Discount Bank,- 650f. 655f.; Piedmontese Three per Cents., 61f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90; Belrian Four-and-a-ehatf per Centl, 97Za Romans, 91 Spanish Three perACents., 44; ditto Intervr Debt, 40ha Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25t 37ac.s threo e months, money, 24f. 92l c. SArunuAv, ArnaL 12, 6 r.ar A telegraphic despatch from DIadrid dated yesterday announces that General Zabala, Minister for Foreign Afairs, had arrived at Valencia at halfpast 1 o'clock on the same day. Public tranquillity had not again been disturbed, and it was thou,ght I that General Zabala would have to inflict exemplary piuishment in some cases in order to prevent a repetition of the disorders. The disturbance was more serious than has been stated, and the hesitating manner in which General Villalonga is said to have repressed it at the commencement gave encouragement to the insurgents. It is believed that Carlist agency has had something to do with the outbreak, and not Carlist agency alone. I have not heard of disturbance in any other towns. The following hoax appears in La Palma, a Caliz paper "1 Most people will, doubtless, be surprised at learning that the celebrated English Minister, Lord Palmerston contemplates retiring into private life, and fixing his fature residence at San Lucar-de-Baframeda. We learn on good authority that a negotiation is going on for the purchase of a magnificent property, on which the opulent Lord intends settling with his family, and where he hopes to spend the last days of his agitated and celebrated existence amid the perfume of orange groves and under the shade of gigantic olive trees." The noble Lord will be surprised to find such bucolic tastes attributed to him, and he will be amazed at his transformation into an Andalusian Tityrus, playing his shepherd's pipe on the banks of the Guadalquiver. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 90c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. ; and the Noew Loan at 74f. 30c. ; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,385f.-; Great Northern, ] ,045f.; Strasburg, 1,035f. ; New Shares, 880f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,395f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,725f.; Western of France,- 89f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 775f.; Great Central of France, 667f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 815f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,750f.; Austrian Railways, 92Sf. Cours Aueheique.-PAsrs, April 12.-Cash Prices. Four-and-a-Ialf per Cents. (not reunbursable for 10 years), 93f.; Three per Cents., 73f. 30c. 35c. 30c.; ditto second Loan Df 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 73f. 70c.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 7Sf. 70c.; Bank of France, 3,750f. 3,725f. 3,700f. 3,72Of.; Credit Foncier, 715f. 700f. 692f. 50c. ; ditto Obligations of 50Of., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 95f. - ditto Three per Cents., 400f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,740f. 1,75(f..; Discount Bank, 650f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f. 50c. ; ditto Three per Cents., 61f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90; Romans, 91; Spanish Interior Debt, 40N. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 373c.; three nionths, money, 24f. 924c. AUSTRIA. (moR0 OUR OwsN CORnSrPO-DnrDr.) VIENTA, Aprtm 8. After having attended divine service on Sunday last the Austrian prelates met in a hall or assemblyroom which had been prepared for their reception in the palace of the Cardinal Archbishop of Vienna. After the clerical dignitaries had taken their seats the Cardinal Pronuncio, in the name of the Pope, declared that the sittings of the episcopal Synod, which had been convoked by His Holiness in order that certain matters connected with the Concordat might be discussed and definitively settled, had commenced. On Sunday no business was transacted, but yesterday the Synod again met, and proceeded to discuss a question which is of the very highest importance to the inhabitants of a State which is composed of such singularly heterogeneous elements. in the Imperial patent of November 5, 1855, it is said:- " Art. 2. It is our will that episcopal-matrimonial courts be as speedily as possible introduced into those provinces E which they have not until now been established, and bhat they shall take cognizance of the matrimonial affairs of aur Catholic subjects in accordance with art. 10 of the 3oncordat. The period at which they are to begin to act will be made known after we have consulted vith the bishops. In the meantime the necessary changes in the -ivil laws relative to matrimonial affairs wil be nude public." In accordance with His Majesty's will, as expressed in the article quoted, the episcopal Synod yesterday began to make arrangements for the establishment of regular ecclesiastical courts, which will in future have to dispose of all matters mentioned in article 10 of the Concordat, which runs as follows:- "Art. 10. As all clerical processes, and particularly those which have reference to faith, the sacraments, clerical duties, and obligations and rights connected with the priesthood, belong exclusively to the clerical Courts, in such cases the spiritual juidge will give sentence. The latter has also in questions of marriage to decide according to the canonical laws, and particularly according to the ordinances of Trent, and only to refer the civil consequences arising from marriage to the teraporal judge. In regard to betrothments (sponsalia qzzod attinet) the spiritual power will decide on their e-dsteuce, and in how far they can be made impedimentsto marriage, according to the ordinances of the Council of Trent and the apostolic epistle beginning 'auctorem jidei."' The ecclesiastical Courts will have to decide on what conditions Roman Catholics and non-Catholics can be permitted to enter into matrimonial engagemenits, and one of them will be that the offspring of " mixed marriages" shall be educated in the Roman Catholic faith, itFbeing the policy of this Government to diminish the non-Catholic population of the empire and to increase the Catholic population in the same proportion. The question of mixed marriages and of the religious education of the children of parents belonging to different confessions has recently greatly occupied public attention, as it is a matter which equally concernsall classes of society. The exact number of prelates now at Vienna is not yet known to me, but there may be some 75 or 76, the Synod being composed of cardinals, archbishops, bishops, and of the so-called " vicars-gener,al " who administer the vacant sees. Several of the high dig,itaries of the church are too advanced in age to bear the fatigue of a-journey to this city, and among them are the Patriarch of Venice and the Bishop of Vicenza. There is a great deal of talk here about the approaching resumption of cash payments by the Bank; but it is not likely to be the case for a long, long time to come, although it is a consuammation devoutly to be wished. 255,000,000fl. have already been received by the State on account of the national loan of 500,000,000fl. For the information of those English firms which are in connexion with the great banking-house of Sina it may be stated that the business wil be continued by the son and brother of Baron George, should the illness of the latter terminate fatally. The real property of the sick man is estimated at more than 36,000,000fl. (3,609,0001-) PRUSSIA. (QMON OU OWN OOP2XZMN3)Xh-T.) BERLIN, APxm 10. In addition to the resignation of the Minister of, the Interior, which I lately mentioned as having been withdrawn on his receiving satisfactory assurances from the King as regarded hiis conductjn I the HIinkeldey duel affair, I must report the resigna- tion of the Minister of War within the last few dAys, and, at the same time, his haing been subseanently induced by his august and gracious m master to retain his post. The proxinate cause of this demonstration on the part of Count WalI dersee was the appointment of his predecessor in the War-office, General Bonin, to the post of Governorof the federal fortress of Mfayence, which was doubly agreeableto thelatter asgivinghim amore important commandthan he had hitherto hadat Neisse, and as bringing him into the irimnedliate neighbour. hood of the Prince of Prussia, with whose political viewshe sympathizes, and who-procured. him- the appointment. . This nomination was made by the King without consulting his Minister of War, and,; stirange as it may appear, this is the ordinary course in this kingdom of Prussia, where recent constitutionalism has a hard struggle with traditional and prescliptive absolutism. It is, however, not out of any love to constitutionalism that Count Waldersee objects to the King's makang military appointments prop,io momt and without his consent, and counter signature, but rather, because the Royal practice of entertaining a Privy Military Council apart from the Minister of War puts the latter in as false a position as it does every other Minister who has to suffer from the interposition of a camarilla between himself and his Royal master. This anomalous and particularly inconvenient arrangement for all parties but the King himself I have on former occasions dilated on; in the relation of the Minister of WTar to the King there is, however, a further anomaly of a very pe-- culiar nature. The army is not required by the prosent polity of Prussia to take the oath of fidelty to the Charter; it knowss but one duty,-that of fidelity and obedience to the King; the Minister of War, in spite of his being a military man, is required to swear to observe the Charter in his capacity of Minister; the King, who as civil regent has also sworn to the Charter, does not feel himself, when issuing his commands to the army, bound to observe that provision of the Charter which requires all edicts and Royal acts to be countersigned by one of the Ministers, the idea being that the army is an extra-constitutional body. In addition to the inconvenience to the Minister ! of being looked upon by the country as responsible for acts in which he has had no part, this anomalous arrangement involves the necessity of the KingIs surrounding himself with a number of irresponsible advisers in military matters, who constitute what is called the "military cabinet." Anomalous and inconvenient as this arrangement is, Count Waldersee has contrived to bear with it for two years, and probably he would not; have been so turbLulent on the present occasion had not the Royal fa-vour been extended without any Ministerial consent and counter signature to the Count's own predecessor in office, General Bonin, a man of very different poltical views from himself, and in whom he may as easily find a successor as a predecessor. In spite of the startling dismissal of General Bonin, in 1854, followed by that of Chevalier Bunsen the King has ever since remained on excellent terms with both of them, and with the -lattermore particularly he keeps up a lively correspondence on matters of literature. For the present Count Waldersee has been pacified, though I do not hear that the inconvenient practice is to be discontinued, but, as usual, the immediate agent of offence is got rid of for a time. Miaior-General Von Scholer, the King's Plugel-Adjutant, will take a trip somewhere for a few months, and Colonel von Manteuffel is to take his place as the chef of the department of the personalia in the Ministry of War. Lord Bloomfield gives a diplomatic dinner to-day, in honour of the peace ; the representatives of Austria and Prussia are to be present, as well as the representatives of the belligerent Powers. The trial of the parties engaged in the late Hinkeldey duel has been concluded by the military tribunal to which it was referred, and the judgment will be pronounced very shortly. It has given great dissatisfaction in the lower and middle classes here that this duel afiair should have been referred to a military tribunal, rather than to an ordinary civil court of law; the punishment due to a duelist who ldlls his antagonist is, according to the ordinary criminal law, from two to 12 years' imprisonment in a fortress; accordino to the military code it is only from two to five years. It is objected that Herr von Rochow has no right to claimn the military jurisdiction, seeing that he is no officer of the active I army, but only of the Landwehr. Now, every man who has served his period in the Pruissian army belongs to the Landwehr, and, if this treatment of Herr von Rochow be correct, in future no duelist wilIsubmit to be tried by the civil criminal law, for everybody will put forward his claim to be considered a military man,as belongingto the Landwehr. Herr von Marwitz, the umpire at the dluel, who has been subjected to trial, has now again taken his seat as member of the Herrenhau3. Herr von Munchausen, Hinkeldey's second, has also returned to his post in.the Ministry of the Interior, from which. he had been provisionally suspended. While it is thus going on smoothly and rapidly with these gentlemen the arrangements with regard to the pension of the widow, and any provision for the family, from the side of Government or a higher hand are entirely in abeyance ; the subscriptions of the citizens, however, for the purpose of securingc| them from want continue to proceed, though slower than at first. The eldest daughter, who had next to the father been made to feel perhaps the most acutely of all the social persecutions of the generous and feeling beau rownde, and whose future is thus ruined at her very outset in life, is in a state of excitement against the King and the military that borders on distraction; the surgeon who was present at the fatal duel, Dr. Hassel, has fallen into a state, of melancholythat totally incapacitates him from following his profession. Shortly after the death of Herr von Hinkeldey his family returned to the Russian M1inister here an order richly set with diamonds,that the late EmiperorNicholas had presented to the deceased; very recently, however, the Russian Minister receive I instructions to restore it to the family in the name of the present Emperor. herr von Zedlitz Neukirch has at length assumed the functions of President of Police definitively; he had at first accepted them only conditionally, if after a short trial he should stiU feel disposed to undertake the onerous office. The impression that he is represented as having made on those whose interests are most affected by the manner in which his great power will be wielded is described as very favourable; several changes that he has made in the organization and administration of the police force are already popular. The police constables and the watchmen have received instructions in the case of X their having to apprehend any military person for breach of the peace, &c., only to detain the in-' dividual in custody sufficiently long to deliver him up to ;the military officer who may reside thel nearest to the spot. The object of this is to obviate ! one of the many grounds of grievance between the military and civil authorities, and, if possible, preclude the return of that excited feeling that prevailed last summer between these two bodies. It -is evident, however, that the measure, prudent as it is, will reach only a small minority of cases; there will be numbers of instances in which police interference is necessary in which no officer is to be foulnd living near, and the military offender will in such cases find im- punity. It is inconsistent with the polity and organization of Prussia that the military should be subordinated to any other power, and civilians can i not congratulate themselves too much that instances of drunkenness, rough conduct, misuse of side arms, &c., are almost unknown here. If it were ever soi bad there would be no help for it, except from th e side of the military authorities. Spandau is beingx extended and strengthened, so that it will eventually assume the character of a first-rate fortress. The works that are going on there at present Will take ten years to complete, and will, when finished, ex- tend nearly to Charlottenburg. In consequence of the reports circulated in several London papers that Dr. WVaagen, the Director ofj the Picture 'Galleries of the Royal Museum here,I was about to accept the post of Director of the National Gallery in London, a notice has been inserted by him in various papers, designating the abovementioned report "s as perfectly without all ground, as he well knows that nothing of the sort is intended in England, and he had never had any in- tention of putting himself forward as a candidato , for that office." - It has also been mentioned i a London paper lthat it is the intention of theh Pussian-police-to depute a trustworthy and well-informed agent to London for the purpose of watching over the revolutionary propaganda of the German refugees there; the literary organ of the police declares the whole idea to be perfectly groundless; nothing of the sort is intended. There is stiU anothler p oiu -o hich I can offer some satisfactory information for your readers, that is to say, to the musical world. The original score of Obe*ron has not been destroyed in the fire of Covent-garden Theatre. The only surviving son of Weber not long ago presented the original scores of his father's most celebrated 6peras to three of the crowned heads of Europe-Der 'Freischutiz to the King of Prussia; RuryJanthe tothe King of Saxony' and Oberon to the Emperor of Russia. This son' Max MBaria von Weber, is nowv Fbiman.zrath in thb service of the King of Saxony; the Russian oficia to whom he confided the score of Obaromn for conveyance to St. Petersburg was- Staatsrath' von Kupfer. ITALY. (msOM OUR OWE COnxSPONDDTm.) TURD', APRI 8. The last accounts from Iilan describe tne inhabitants of that city as much shocked at two' murders recently comniitted there. One of the victims was Dr. Majoli, director of the principal hospital, who was stabbed in the abdomen when ascending the stairs of the hospital leading to his own apartments; and the other was a person of thename of 1Iarselle, who was assassinated in the street one evening last week. The latter is said to have been suspected of being a police spy, but up to this moment no real clue has been discovered either to the perpetrators of these atrocious acts or their probable motives. 'The Town Council, Chamber of Conunerce, &c., of Milan, have petitioned the Vienna Government to complete the railway communication between lilan and Venice. The same communities have long been anxious to establish a bank of issue at Milan, under the protection of the Government, to becalled the " Bank of Lombardy," but have always been refused, because (as it was said) the establishment of such a bank was regarded by Viennese statesmen as likelv to militate - against the perfect integrity of the Austrian empire. Now, however, it appears that the Cre'dit MLobilier has miade an application to the same effect, and, as the Mdinister of Finance takes an extraordinary in- terest in that society, there is every probability of; its request being granted, but whether the M1inister believes such an arrangement to be a greater safegaard against disloyalty on the part of the Loinbards is not mentioned. The Sardinian Government is now beginning to make preparations for the return of the army from the Crimea. The proposed camp in the neighbourhood of Spezzia wil prove a good sanitary precaution, as there is already much nervousness among the populations of the seaport towns, on account of the typhus wvhich has been so prevalent in the East this year, and by the time the troops arrive we shall no doubt have the annual menace of cholera in addition. As it is, the Government has taken every possible precauition against the introduction of this disease. The Sanitary Board at Genoa has large discretionary powers: all suspected vessels, with cargoes and passengers, are subjected to a strict quarantine; and 400 beds have lately been sent down to the Lazaretto at Varignano, which is in a fine airy situation on the Gulf of Spezzia. It is complained of at Genoa, however, that the French Government is not equally strict, and that in the case of ships having had instances of typhus on board during the homeward voyage arriving at oarseilles, the passengers were allowed to goa| free, although the vessel mnight be condemnred. to quarantine, and that thus, in fact, many persons had arrived in Genoa from the Eastvwithout per-] forming any quarantine. The French Consul at Genoa was therefore invited by the Sanitary Board to make a representation of this circumstance to his Government and the local authorities at Marseilles. The 0Opiuione of Turin of the 10th inst., under date Parma, the 7th, says:- "The Austrians rigorously enforce at Parna the 0ie deS .Tuspcts of the French revolutionary period. They arrest for the sa,ke of arresting, in order to spread terror, and give the prisoners no trial. They do not even tak-e the trouble of interrogating them. A number of the persons arrested were lately thrown into omnibuses and conducted to the frightful prisons of Mfantua. This is the second batch of prisoners transported thither. The first consisted of persons formerly sentenced by court-martiaL The national Government at Parma has ceased to exist. The Ministers themselves are suspicious. The wife of one of the prisoners, having recently apUlied to the Austrian General forthe h'beration of her husband, received from him the following reply:- "r' The prisoners are to be divided into two categoriesone for the churchyard, and the other for liberation. If your husband be included in the second category you will see hini again.'
CALIFORNIA V. TASMANIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TES. Sir,-Out of justice to my native country, I cannot allow to pass unnoticed a paragraph in your paper a few days ago relative to the marnmoth tree of California. This is styled by you the " monarch of the forest," And you further assert that it reaches the amazing height of 118 feet, &c. Now, let me, for the benefit of those of your readers who care for botany, say a few words about the cucalyptus globzdosus of Tasmania. I shall statenothing on my own authority, but merelyextractfromthecatalocue of specimens, &c., forwarded from Tasmania to the £aris Exhibition of last year. I may mention that this catalogue was published under the auspices of the Royal Society of that island, which may vouch for its correctness, the present Governor-General of Australia being then president of tbe society:- "No. 597. Blue 0-um section in eight pieces.-Euclyptus gtobulosns.-Mr. So'Im Abbott.' " This section, three feet in diameter, was cut out of the trunk 194 feet from the root, the first branch being given off S08 feet from the root, and the total length of the tree being 318 feet. The following descriptions and quantities of timber are said to have been sold at the stump of this tree:- SLx-feet palings, 5,000, at 22s. per 100 .. .. .. £55 0 0 Five-feet palings, 4,500, at 20s. per 100 . . 43 0 0 Three-aud-a-half-fect palings. 10,000, at lOs. per 100 SO 0 0 Laths, 32,000, atl6s. per 1,0D0 ..5. . .. .. 2s 12 0 Shingles 30,000, at 18s. perlt,0 .. .. .. 22 0 0 And it is estimated that the remainder of the tree will produce 60,000 or 10,000 laths, at 16s., say 50 0 0 Total .245 12 0 "Twelve months before this timber would have sold for double the amount, the price of al sorts of timnber having run up prodigiously in consequence of the abundance of gold and the great demand for hard wood for house building, he. The net amount yielded by this particular tree at a time of very high prices is, howvever, no criterion as to its value in Ordinary times, when its price-would be regulated by the price of labour almost entirely." Yours faithfi,l1v- TASAkIMENSIS. .3k. V UUJI ti %-uonege, ';aIonage, ApnJ. II..
THE KAZARCEHOW 3ONUAEBNT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Your correspondent " H." calls on me to rectify an omission in my late letter to you about the Kazarchow monument by stating "-who was iazarchow." The truth is that tne utmost that I could learn about him in Sebastopol amounted to but little. I visited his monument in the morning immediately succeeding the evacuation of the town by the Russians, and it was then entirely undefaced. My information about both monument and its hero was mainly derived from a Russian officer (a prisoner on paTole), -with whom I wandered through the -whole town, and whohad lived inSebastopol for manyyears. He would say anything in explanation of existing thingswould describe the town itsclf and its destroyed domesticities-but no persuasion, no power on earth wouldainduce him on matters of a military nature to go, even to an amateur, one syllable beyond w;hat was written, and MIachiaveli himself could not have ascertained his opinion on any subject whatever. The spirit of Russian secrecy hung like a continuous cloud o'er his words snd face. Fromu him, hovwever, I ascertained -but as much by way of acquiescence as absolute information-that Kiazarchowr was in the navy, and I believe an Addmiral, and that his birthplace was either Sebastopol itself, or some spotin theCrimea. The greatregard paid to the hero's memory by the defenders of Sebastopol may be shown,by the striking factthat whereas everything of a secular nature was voluntarily and entirely annihilated in the town, and everything of a religious nature was most touchingly spared, the monument of Kazarchow, on the 9th of September, stood as sacredlyintact as if it had been a church, and still smiled upon Forticholas, the only memorial, national or otherwisc, that was really preserved of the wsorldly pride of the Russian stronghold. T or. Ftir -?ll AAnn.. G. H. MONEY- Ottoman Club, Apriffl. SO=HamTOx, APiLi 12.-The Peninsular and. Oriental Comnany's screw steamship Aihambra, Captain Korie, arrvea this mnorning from Malta and Gibraltar, having left the latter port on the 3d inst. The Allambra has been employed in the conveyance of the Overland, India, and Ch.ina mails between Malta and WMarseilles, during which time the Valetta and Vectis, the regular vessels, have Teceived repairs at Southampton. The bottom of one of the Alhamlira s cylinders having been forced ont, it, will be necessary for her to undergo considerable repairs, after which she will be employed in conveying the mails to and from the Peninsular ports. The Alhambra passed, or, the 8th inst., a large steamer, steering to the southv'..td, with topsails and foresail reefed. On the 10th sgolm the bark Gleaner, also steering to the southward, wit double. reefed topsails and reefed foresail.
M MBTROPOLITAN SCHOOL- OF SCISNUE. The Director-General; Sir IRoderick Murchison, whose charge extends to the' geological survey of the united kingdom and to the Museum of Praetical Geology, has just published his annual report. It appears that, in the way-of g,eological survey, the total-fieldwork executed during the past year extends overnearly1,700 square iles of Great Britain. Inthe ensuing year it is expected that the mapping of the southern districts of H:ants and Sissex will be concluded, and that then the- survey of the London basin will be commenced. 'Ne shall then have some accurate knowledge of the conditions on which lthe supply of water for the metropolis depends; aud; if we can act upon that knowledge with advantageo it will be the earliest result of very great importance for which we are indebted to the geological survey. The researches originated in the Mining Recordoffice have already produced some ' startling revela tions. Geologists are fond of calclating howlong 'it will take to exhaust our coal-fields, and their cal'culations have always proceeded on the assumption that the annual drain is somewhero between 34,000,000 tons and 56,00O,000 tons. t isnowsatis-. factorily established that the present drain upon the coal-fields of the country is considerably above 54,000,000 a-year. It is expected that, in ke man-' ner, accurate returns of mineral produce, embracimng clays, building stones, &c., will shortly bepublished. The total number of mining plans, sections, and' documents that have been added to the collection amounts to 219. The importance of these records, in connexion with the maps of the geological sur-rey, will be evident, both in repressing. speculations where they would be fruitless, and in suggesting undertakings where they are likely to be successful. Thus, good service has been done in the course of last year in exhibiting the structure of the coalfields in the midland counties, and in leading the proprietors of the surrounding lands to form a just estimate of future'and deeper workings. The number of days on which the Mluseum of Practical Geology is open to the public has been extended from three in the week to five, including Saturday. The number of persons visiting the museum during last year was 13,055; and, richas7it iS in mineralogical specimens and in pottery admirably arranged, it ill become more attactive as it becomes better known. The school of science in connexion with it appears to be flourishing, and the number of students to be increasing. A course of lectures is given in the evening to working men, and it is said that the whole of the tickets issued, amounting to 600, are applied for within a very few hours. The import-ance of such instruction as can be afforded in these walls, both to miners and manufacturers, it is difficult to overrate; and, if any stimulus beyond the educational advantages which may be thus obtained arxe required to attract towards it the regards of the gublic, it will be sufficient to state that, at the request of the Colonial Minister, Sir R. Murchison has just recommended a young man who took the highest honours of the school to an appoitment as mineral surveyor of rinidad, at a large salary; while other pupils of the institation -are now acting as surveyors in India, in Australia, and at the Cape, in the enjoyment of stihl higher remuneration. The professors of the school prove' themselves of service, also, in other ways than in teaching-by bringing their scientific knowledge to investigations of some national importance. Perhaps the most interesting of their experiments relates to the analysis of certain ancient bells-suchasthose of York Minster and iincoln-with a view to ascertain the best composition to be employed for the great bell of the new Houses of Parliament. The analytical investig,ation of the British iron ores, amounting to 100 varieties, is now also on the point of beimg completed, and it is announced that " a volume of results will shortly appear which will be of the highest value." Altogether the experiment of the Government in establishing this scientific department seems to have been eminently successful, and year by year it grows in public use and appreciation.
HORSE CHAUNTING. TO THE EDITOER OF TEE TIES. Sir,-A few days back there was an account in your police report of a gentleman applying at Worship-street for the magistrate's assistance In a case of swindling by horse sharpers. Having been recently victimized at the same place, and, I believe, by the same set, and believing that these gentry are driving a brisk trade, I think if you can find a corner for the following little history its publication may, perhaps, prove useful in putting purchasers on their guard. T:e elosed. receipt will afford you the evidence you require before the insertion of a letter in your cohnnns, but I must beg you not to make public either the name of the victim or the vendor. There appeared in The Times one day last winter an advertisement of a horse for sale, which, from the description, appeared likely to suit me. I requested a friend whose place of business is in town to call atthe stables and make inquiries. He wrote, " I have been to see the horse - she is a promising animal, six years old, 15 1, strong built, quiet to ride and drive, has been running in a fourwheel chaise these 12 months, and she belongs to a Birmingham Londonhouse, wvho keep travellers, one of whom is now giving up. I have seen the owner, and I gather she has never been in dealer's hanids; it seems a genuine affair." *I ran up to town the next day, was introduced at the stables to the "conmmercial traveller," who was capitally made up, and he showed me the trap in which the mare used to run-a regular bagman's affair. The stableman's tale was that the mare had stood at livery there when off her journeys for more than a year; she was trotted outaction good, age right, and, as a receipt was already written containing a warranty of soundness and quietness, with an undertaldng " to receive her back if not approved inaone week," and my city friend. had. ascertained. the owner to boe ai " Birmingham (London house), keeping travellers," there appeared no necessity to inquire mare closely as to soundness. While I -was dealing a respectable-looking man walked into the yard, and said to the ostler he had come about the brown mare which had been advertised; he had seen her in harness the day before, and had come to purchase. The "commercial traveller" replied in a cool way, " rll .attend to you presently ;" and, on my concluding the purchase, gave him to understand he was too late-poor fellow ! t gate a check and had the annual taken dow n at once to the livery stables my friend uses, and went on to thank him for his trouble. I told him of the suspicious visit of the intended purchaser, when his own suspicions.were at once excited, as the same sort of thing had been acted the day before. He sent a clerk off immediately to the stables and to the address of the vendor. The clerk was roughly treatedaat the stables. A man lounging outside asked if he had come about the broken-winded. mare, and inside he was told they knew nothing about the seller, who, on inquiry close to his residence, he found. to a horsedealer, instead of a commercial traveller. A visit to the bank to stop the check was of course too late; the " commercial traveller" was a "man of business." On going to my friend's stables for the mare, and detailing some of the - particulars to the principal, he said at once, "Oh, Sir! if she comes from tl-at place, you are done. Why, they did me once as clean as possible." e called imy new mare " Vesuvius," for on the following day she came out strong with a beautiful eruption and. one of the most awful chronic coughs I ever heard. To ride or drive her was quite out of the question, and I was heartily glad to get rid of her at a loss of nearly 201. Vesuvius proved a dear "crature" to Your obedient servant. A VICTDL Aprl 10.
THE CAVALRY IN THE CRIXEA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDLES. Sir,-Colonel Tulloch is vory incorre't in stating that the 1st Dragoon Guards were in the Urimea on the 1st of October, 1854, as that regiment did not leave England until 1855, several months afterwards. lord Lucan is perfectly corre-ct in stating a portion of the Heavy Brigade had not lar.ded in the Crimea from Bulgaria on the lst of October, '554. His Lordship alludes to the Royal Dragoons and the Enniskillen Dragoons. I embarked in conu-oni't of the former regfiment for the Crimea on the 26th of Se-ptember, 1854, and experienced a sad calamity on that di',,astrous voyage (losing 17-5 of the best horses of my regiment during the gale). I did notreach Balaklava until tha 4t'a of October, on which day I reported my arrival (by letter', to Lord Lucan, and disembarked with the remnant of thfr head-quarters of my regiment on the 5th. I beg to adil I have no personal motive whatever for nmakng this atatement, but rmerely a desire to correct an error on a Eubie et which appears to have asswmed some importance, I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant. .TOgN V(vR1Wi Lieutenant-Oolonel 1st (or) Royal Dragools. 7, Eat-on-place, Belgrave-square, April 12.
THE NA VIAL .REVIEW. TO TRE EDITOR OF TIMES. Sir,-Your paper affords the most certain, if not the only sEre channel of bringing effectually underthe notice of the authorities the reasonable wishes of those who cannot command their attention. Allow. me, therefore, through you, to suggest that if, among the allotments of vessels to assist at the ipproaching naval review, a Government steamer were placed at the disposal of the Staff and officers now enCsAMped at Aldershott it would, without costing the country one ienny afford a not unreasonable gratfication to many whiohave ieft their homes and enjoyments with readiness to fulfil their duty to the country, when called on to do so. A vessel his been set apart for half-pay officers, and two for d6oclyard employ6s-why not for us ? d6kyr Ynir "nnt nlw;P.nt a..'IE ONE OF MANY BIaTIA3E=. T amp, Aldershott, April UL
-IYNS OF CO UB T. duin Th i<h::1; is a -t 7popcof thelectures tD be flelivered dung '7:'' tn -iing Educational Termibythe several Readers apponIt-di *.-: hle Inns of Court:- C,):, 'r TUTIONAL LA_ 1 LEGAL HISTOtY. The public lectures to be delivered by the Reader on CoDn situtini Law andl Leg7 History will coViprise the follown -oRi'tts Gonstitaion"of Religious hartie at thr e Accession of tanes L;Priviirp~s of the House of Cmos hrc, n Results of P'olitical Struggles duCerimnghs Reg; Chnracerncd of te Ci,ich ttePts to mnade it IndePendent of State Control Conduct of the Judig s during the Reigns o Stuarts Pr-ogress aud oEfUSt ClaJurisprudetorv Reigns of Charles 1. a"d Charles ILy ; Causues of the Reltion Reign and Policy of William ILE, oll din his private lectures the Reader, afterex'al ng the hestory of Elizabeth, will follow in greater otail the course mentioned above. Books-` Mills's View of the en_glih Constitution," I Eiallam's Chapterrs on the Reigns of the Stuart Kings andthe Reign of WiUliam the Third," Rapha's History of the saine Reigns, ClaRendong s Hissrv ana Hhsto'rv, thie "State Trials," Stepheia's abcs,ne" Racaulay's "HEistory "-fourth volumte. The Reader on Constitutional L ow an Legal, History will deliver his public lectures at L-incoln's-inni-hall on Wed. nesdayin eachaweek during the Educational Term, coin. mencing at 2 p.m. The fast lecture to be delivered on the 16th of April. The Rteader wil receive his private classes on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday morning at half-past 9 o'clock-, in the Benchers' Reading-room. The Reader on Eut pronpoe to deliver. duaiing the ensuing Educational Term, 12 lectures on the following subjects:- 51. The Rights and Liabilities of Mortgagor andortganee (continued). 2. The Jurisdiction of Equity to enforce the specific Performance of Agreements. 3. The Eqintable Conversion of . eal and Pernal Estate. 4. The Jurisdiction of Equity over Principal and Surety. 5. The Jurisdiction of Equity in cases of Accident and Mstak.e. 6. Transactions 'between parties, one of whom possesses undue advantage over the other. The Rtader will continue withi his senior and junior classes the general course of equity already commienced, using, as before, "Smith's Manual of Equity Jurisprudence" for a textbook. He Wil also continue in the senior class, and commence in the junior to explain the leading rules of pleading in equity, from the work of Lord Redesdale. The hteader will delver his publc lectures in Lincoln'sinn-hall on Thursday in each week during the educational term, comuwencing at 2 o'clock p.m. The first lecture to be delivered on the 17th of ApriL. The Peader will receive his private classes on Monday, *ednesday, and Friday evenings, from 7 to 9 o'clock, in the Benchers' Reading. room. LAw OF REAi PRormETy, &Nc. The Reader on the Law of Real Property, &c., prooses to deliver in the ensuingEducationalTerm a courseof 12public lectures on the following subjects .- L The Law of Perpetuity considered in relation to(a) LJimitations of Real and Personal Estate after the Failure of Issue of the Person to whom a prior Interest is limited; (6) the Rule in " Shelley's Case;" (c) the Doctrine of Apptoxinuation, orCy-Pres; (d)Estates created under Powrers of Appoiutment; (e) the Accumulation of Income, 39th and c40th of George IIL, chap. 98. 2. The Law of Judgments as it affects Rteal Property1st and 2d Victoria, chap. 110; 2d and 3d of Victoria, chap. 11; 3d and 4th of Victoria, chap. 82; 18th of Victoria, chap. 15. The lectures to be delivered to the private classes wil comprise the following subjects :-With the senior class, the 'usnnissibility of Powers of Sale, and the Liability of Purchaser., to see to the application of their Purchase money, will be discussed. In the junior class, the Elementary Principles of the Law of Perpetuity, and the Application of the Doctrine to the various Modes of Settling Real and Personal Property will be explained. The public lectures will be delivered at Gray's-inn-hall on Friday in each weelk, at 2 pr.m. The first lecture to be delivered on the 18th of April, 1856. The private classes wll be held in the North Library of Gray's-inn, onMonday, Wednesday, and Friday mnornings, from a quarter to 12 to a quarter to 2 o'clock. JURIPRUDENC AMBD THE Crvm Law. The Reader on Jurisprudence and the Civil Law proposes in the ensuing Educational Term to deliver a course of 12 Public Lectures on the followving subjects The Law of Testamentary Succession (continued from last term), the Principles of the .Roman Iaw of Legacies, Ancient and Modern Contract Law, Ancient and Modern Theories concerning Crimes and Delicts, Roman Formulary Pleading and English Common Law Pleading, the Technicalities of the oldest Roman Law compared with those of the law of England. The junior private class will read the Roman Law of Contract, Quasi-Contract, and Debit in the " Institutiones Juris Romani Privati" of Warnk-hnig, and the Roman Law of Civil Process in the Fourth Book of the " Commentaries of Gaius." The senior class will read selected Titles of the Digest, particularly such as illustrate the principles of the Romnan.Law of Contracts and Legacies. The private classes will assemble at the classroom in Garden-court, Middle Temple, on Tuesdays, Thursday., and Saturdays at a quarter to 4 p.m. The first meeting to tal;e place on April 22d. The first Lecture of the Public- Course will be delivered on Tuesday, April 22d, in the Middle Temple Hall. Com31oN LAM. The Reader on Common Law proposes to deliver during the ensuing Educational Term 12 public lectures, of which the first six will be devoted to an Inquiry coicerning Wrongs R emediable by Action; and the concluding lectures will treat of Wrongs Criminally Punishable. The principal matters to be discussed in this course of lectures will e arrangedas under:- THrE LAw OF TOuTS. Lectures 1 and 2-The Nature and Classification of Actionable WVrongs; Signification of the Word "Duty" and of the phrase "Breach of Duty," in conne.ion with Ri"hts of Action ex deliclo. lectures 3 and 4 will treat of wnongs to the person and reputation, and especially of actions within the operation of Lord Campbell's Acts, 6th and 7th Victori chap. 96 and 9th and 10th Victoria, char. 93, and of Sir J. Jervis Act, 11th and 12th Victoria, cfap. 44. . Lectures 5 and G.-Of Torts to property under Bailment, partilcularly of actions against land carriers, railway companies, and innkeepers. CiRTsAL LAWv. Tecture 7.-The Principles of our Criminal Law examined, and the meaning of the word "Crime" considered. Lectures S.-Of the various Tribunals, which take cognizance of Criminal Acts, and their respective Jurisdictions. Lecture 9.-Of the Indictmnent, its Olfice, and Requisites. Lectures 10 to 12 will treat of the several species of Homicide, and the Evidence necessary to support an Indictment for Murder or for Manslaughter; also, of simple Larceny, and some other ordinary offences. Wth his private class the Reader on Common Law will pursue the line of inquirwy above marked out, treating serati2 of Civil Wrongs, Criminal Offences, wvith frequent references to decided cases. In carring out this plan he will principally make use of the following books:- "Smith's Leading Cases" (4th edition, just published), "Broom's Commentaries on the Common Lav. (books 3 and 4), and " Archoold's Criminal Pleading" (by Welaby). The Lectures on Common Lawv during the ensuing Edu;cational Term will be delivered and the private classes will meet in the Hall of the Inner Temple as under The public lectures wi be delivered in the Hall of the Inner Temple on Mondays at 2 p.m. (the first lecture on Monday, April the 21st). The private class will be held in the Hall on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday mornings from a-quarter to 12 to a-quarter to 2 o'clock. (The first private class to be held on Tuesday, April the 22~L) - By order of the Counnci,l RICHLARD BETHEL, C2hairman. Council Chamber, Lincoln's-inn, April 7. lNote.-The Educational Term commences on the 15th of April, and ends on the 31st of July, 1856. The first meeting of each private class will take place on the usual motuing or evening of meeting ue:t after the first public lecture on the same subject. The lectures and classes will be suspended after Thursday, the 8th of May, to be resumed on and after Monday, the 25th ot May.
" THE BOAR HUNT" OF VELASQUEZ. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TEKES. Sir,-Mr. Lance, in his letter to you of yesterday, denies that he said what I never asserted that he said. EFeeling it necessary that a statement involving tho evidence of another gentleman should be accurately given, I sent some corrections of your report of my speech in a letter which you did me the favour to insert in your imression of yesterday. To that letter Mr. Lance refers but he appears to have read it very cursorily. I have no doubt whatever that Mr. lIance was for some weeks engaged in repairs and restorations of the " Boar RunI7t." Sly remarks only applied to that particular statement which he made before the committee that "over a space as large as a sheet of foolscap in the foreground the picture had been laid bare; that the paint had been entirely removed; that -all trace of the original lines was gone; and that be had pasiated in whole groups of fisfiures w ithout any other guide than his ovenimagmation." !i?r. Lance, however, on examining the picture with me and one or two other members of the committee, distinctly admitted that in this respect he must have been mistaken as to the amount of the repairs. He was only able, in the part of the picture referred to, to point to a portion of two mules as his own work, and he said not that "no part was by Velasquez," but that "there was not a single figure which was not by Velasquez," and he added that "there vas no figure in the whole picture in which he did not trace the work, wholly or in part, of Velasquez." At my request MIr. Lance, with great candour, made this statement to the committee on the 4th of July, in correction of his former evidence. The question of the Rembrandt picture is comparatively unimportant. There is no picture attributed to Rembrandt in the Nuneham Collection, and csrtainly none with a "black man" in it. I did not say that Mr. Lance had stated that such a picture had been placed in his. hands by the Archbishop of ork, but in those of Mr. Thane, by whom Mtr. Lance wMas employed. It is clearthat r. Lance made a muistake as to the ownership of the picture. - I 1 remain. sir. your obedient, ec~vasin, G. i;. Y BRNo2\. 1 2, Eataln-square, Apdil 12. A FATA McsTA;E.-An inquest was held on Fiday evening at Bebington, a village near Bir kenhead. on the body of Eonuces Mla Feildern, second daughter of the Rei. . M. Feildien, rector of the parish, ~who had died that mornling fromi the effecto o a wineglassful o£ sulphate of zinc, seff-admistered in mistake for flud npesa. A verdict of "AvcidentA Death" wm returned
THE METROPOLITA1Y BOARD OF TYRKS. On Friday, at 12 o'clock, the Metropolitan Board of Works met in the Council Chamber, Guildhall, for the transaction of business; Mr. Thwaites, the President, irL the chair. NEW SMTEET FRO3M THE MOROUGn TO THE NVEST-EElD. A deputation from the Boarl of Works of the St. Saviour's district, consisting of Mr. Pellatt, M.P.- the Rev. loseph Brown, rector of Christchurch; Mr. iiewsome, 31r% Purvis, and Mr. Hawkins, churchwardens; introduced by Mr. Harris, waited on the board on the subject of a line of street from the Borough, High-street, to the west-end of the town. A memorial which they presented stated, that in 1840 a deputation froin the Paving Boards of the CInk Iiberty and of the east mnd -west dnvisions of the Borough, a*ended the Committee of the Ilcume of Commons on Metropolitan Improveements on the subject of a new street from the Borough, Highstreet, to Stamford-street, and obtained a grant of 30,0001. in aid of the same, which sum was secured by an act passed in 1841. In the session of 1842 a bill -VS brought into Parliament for carrying out such a Street. After that bill bad been referred to a comnittee a difference arose between the Bishop of Winchester and his lessees as to the right of renewal, and, as the line proposed by the bill passed through a great extent of church property of the see of Winchester, the promoters 'were compelled to 'Withdraw the bill, after having incurred an expense of 6001. and upwards. A further sum of 30,0001. in aid of a new line of street from the High-street was voted and secured by another act of Parliament; and by the 16th of Victoria, cnap. 18, these two sums were further secured; but if the money andallaccuinulationsof interestvwerenotexpendedbe-; fore thelst of May, 1860, they mightbetappropriatedfor other purzToses. In 1853 the inhabitants of the parish of St. Saviour put themselves in communication with the late Sir W. Moleswortb, Chief Commissioner of Woods, and one of the plans, prepared by Mr. Penmethorne, was selected, and portions of it were agreed to be executed, and instructionsgiven to 3Mr. Gardiner, the solicitor, to prepare a bill for the formation of a new street; but afterwards, owing to the Chief Comirssioner, on the suggestion of his officers, insisting that the whole of the money required for the paysnent of the estimated expense of the portion of the line of street to be first constructed should be at once provided for, the matter was not proceeded with. The money now in hand to be appropriated for the purpose amounted, 'with interest, to 85,9001. They submitted that the immense traffic from the increase of population, and from the fact of Southwark-bridge not being open to the public without toll, and also consequent on the termini of the three great railways-the South-Eastern and London and South Coast at London-bridge, and the South-Western in the Waterloo-road-rendered a newv street absolutely necessary, and the first of the public metropolitan inmprovements that should be undertaken by the board and without any delay, as otherwise the benefit of the 85,C001. appropriated for the purpose might be lost. They added, that such improvement, would have the hearty support of the Chief Commissioner of Works. Mr. PELL &TT, M.P., said, Sir B. Hall, at an interview which the deputation had with him, urged upon them that the least possible time should be lost in carrying out this object, and expressed a hope that the board would give it their immediate attention, as he was afraid the time v,ithin -which the money in question would heappropriated to the construction of a new street would elapse before the w.-ork could be accomplished. The plan of r. Pennethorne wvas considered by professional men of great eminence to beoa most ex<cellent one; but the question of expense had hitherto prevented its being carried into execution. The inhabitants of Southwvark, in the vicinity of St. Saviour's, -were very anxious to have some street made as a means of accommodating the existing traffic, even if it were only one which went from the station at London-bridge towardsStamford-street, soasto make a direct line of communication with Westminster-bridge. In reply to Yr. IEsLiE, Mr. PEL.LATT said, he understood that when this board decided upon adopting a plan an act of Parliament wonld have to be obtained for carrying it into execution. After some reiiarks from Mr. NmEvsoliE, a member of the deputation, in reply to questions put by members of the board on the subject matter of the memorial, the deptta. tion withdrew. TEIE TIU3AES EMBkN'11E2NT. Mr. WILRaSMSO presented a memorial from Mr. Edward Loder, of 43, Cambridge-terrace, Hyde Park, and others, which stated that they were the promoters of an undertakiri called " The Thames Enmbankment and Railway," the ob jects of which were-first, the formation of an embankmenl and works, including certain " floating" and tidal docks or the north side of the river Thames, between Southwark and Westminster bridges; secondly, the construction of a publc road and footvays, to be carried on a viaduct alongtlhat po0. tion of the embankment between Whitehall-place, ness Charing-cross, and Chatham-place, Blackfriars, having ahbc communications with certain streets leading out of ttc Strand; thirdly, the laying down of a railway, within the line of embankment, from Queenhithe, near Southwark. bridge, to Manchester-buildings, adjoining Westminster. bridge, vith an extension line to the Grayco:l Hospital, near the new Victoria-street, to join the " IVest. mister Terminus" Railway. The memorialists also stated they had at the present time a bill pending before Parlia ment for the above pmuposes, which, if authlorized, would enable them to confer on the public the follow;ingadvantages: -first, an improvement of the river Thames; secondly, great sanitary benefits; thirdly, a much required new road between Charing-cross and the city; fourthly, an empeditious, cheap, and, in all weathers, certain mode of intercommunication by rail between theheart of London andthe west-end; and, fifthly, extensive relief to the present thoroughfares by the conveyance direct from the numerous wharves to the various railways round London, of an enormous amount of heavy goods traflic at present carted through the streets of the metropolis. They were prepared to show that all the foregoing advantages could be secured to the public by the carrying out of their plan, without the inffiction of injury on or inconv-enience to any interests or individuals, and at a cost wvhich brought the whole undertalirg Nvithin a very moderate compass. The plans had been submitted in detail to the various public departments int:rested in the questions at issue, but the promoters bad been referred to this board as the only conpetent authority to investigate and pronounce an opinion upon the question as a whole, and on the benefits or otherwise to be derived by the public from the concession of the powers sought to be obtained. The memorialists entertained a strong conviction that the undertaking wvould be commercially valuable and self-supp?orting, and could be carried into execution without any expenditure of the public funds. A motion of r. Wthen movN, seconded by Mr. aRIGIli, to refer the memorial to the Committee on Works and Improvements, after undergoing aclengthened discussion, noa so much on the merits of the memorial as upon the question of w.hether or not it had been brought regularly under the consideration of the board, was agreed to by a small majority. TSIE CO3DIIflTTE OF WVOP.S AN]) r5SPROV:E35EETS. Mr. e VsLooreafNt then moved that the various Parliamentary reports and papers in relation to Metropolitan Improvements already circulated amono the members by order of the beard be referred to the Coimmbittee of v orks and Improvements, with authority to consider them and report thereon. This gave rise to a protracteddebate, in the course of which Mr. HalL moved as an amendment to leave ovt the words "with authority to consider and report thereon,p" ad to substitute t thewords"fortseirassistance inconsideringimprovementsAo. orhereafterreferred to theina mthisboard," which was eventually agreed to, nr. esilkinson, ho moved the original motion, consenting. Mlajor Lyon then sought to nullifytce resoluti on just assented to by moving a direct negative to it, but on being told by the Chairman that such a propostin was irreglar and could not be put, the hon. and goallant gentleman withdre his motion. nr. Deputy harrison also endeavoured to introduce words into the resolution ag,reed to by the board essentially modifying it, but was equally unsuccessful E AtSSrsSMEINr OF TiE mIETROrOLIS. MIr. S5.-:LEY, pursuant to notice, moved, *' That in order to make provion for the proper carryion ito effect the 1J4th clause of the metropolis Local Mhanagment Act, it he referred torthes inance Committee to prepare an- lay before this hoard an estinate of the several sums which it will he necessar- yearly to assess upon each parish or district in this metropis, in order to realize a stated income of 100,000!. per anum, to he applied to the purpcoses descrbed in the said 144th clause. At d also an estimate of the rate which will ho required to raise such sum, supposing that the _hole metropolis be rated in one and the saue pro- The motion was seconded by Mfr. Bnssvowx-, and, after a short discussion, agreed to, wiith some slight modification. PPSV,tTE GA\TES 52E TISE . E.TP.OrOLsS. Mr. Ncest^11s, Y, in pursuance of notice, moved a resoletion to the effect that, in order to carry out the intention of the act for the better local nmanagement of the metropolis, whereby improvement in the thoroughfares was contemplated, tUhe clerks of v estries and district hoards be requested to furnish the board wsith a return of all gates and obstructions which interferedvwith the general convenience of the the public. The lion. menmber explained, that his motion had reference to what were c.alled private gates, such as those on thle Bedford, Southanilption, and Gross enor estates, and especillXy those in Ileigravia, which he regarded as so many remnants of feudal tinies. Ur. CORRIE rose to order, contending that the lion. member vas asking the board to do an act which would be an interference with private rights, and which therefore it was not within the scope of their powers to carry into effect. The CiAuptnm_N explained tbat by the 107th section of the Act for the better Management of the Metropolis the Boardwas preclu(ded from interfering with private rights of the nature of those songht to be affected by the motion of Mr. ;Nicholay. Besides, he added, the preamble of the motion vvas incorrect, inasmuch as it was not the intention of the act to do away with those gates Mr. NIccoL.t, on that expression of opinion from the chair, withdrew his motion. THE CITY SEW%EPS.. MIr. Buesimxa called the attention of the board to a circular letter of Mr. WVoolrych, the clerk to the board, in which that gentleman explained in some detail his opinion as to the powers of the board under the Metropolis Management Act, inrelation to sewers to be built within the limits of the city of London. As 4he q1uestion was one on wvhich a diversity of opinion was likely to prevail, the hon. member moved that the opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General be taken in reference to it. Tile city members Protested against any such reference to the Attorney and 8olicitor General, as there was no intention on the part of the corporation to interfere with the powers of the board in relation to sewers built within the limits of the city, and deprecated the board rushing into litigation 9n aiquestion which, in all probability, wonld never be raised. The subject gave rise to a long discussion, which ended in the withdrawal of both the original motion and an amendment moved by Mr. W ilkuison for modyiuig it, 3I. BursIem stating that his object in meeoting the question had been attained. On the motion of M1r. BRISTOWEp, the name of M1r. DY'ifhger was added to the committee, to cosifer wit'h ves- i tries and jtistrict boards. Atr. DAN e, in MOvNg Ih a COPY Of M1r. BUdagettebs 7epoTt2 in reference to the interception of the sewerage on the aouth side of the Thames, besent to each district board, called the attention of the board to the alarm felt by the x,habitants of Plumstead and Woolwich at the proposal to make that vicinity the point of outfall into the Thames of the whole sewerage generated on the south side of the river. The motion was agreed to, and the board adjourned.
SHIP NEWS. llT7M -AT --I rind, variable. (B ELLC TELEOrA .) Arrived.-The Fredrela, from Casabianca-the Williams. from Rio Hache-the Ben Lomond, from Apalachicola-the Towvn of Liverpool, from Paraiba- -the Syria, from NewYork-the Mary Worrall, from Coquimbo-tise Industrie, from Dieppe. Off the Port.-The Confucius,from Bremen-the Carrol of Carrolton -and the Coiuntes of Sefton. Sailed.-The Crusader. for-. -the India and the Chieftain, for Quebee-the Great Britain, for Shanghai-the Charm. for Africa-the Fernande, for .isbon-the Trinitaria, for Santander-the George Peabody, for CaUso-the hliles Barton, for itotterdam-the Queen of the Teigo, for Valparaioo-the EHortensio Sidonie-the Henrys, for Suaoniac-thc Queensberry, for eondkorig-the MAgieotie and the nsabe, forPrirce EdwGard's Island-the E ard Johnston,forEastpert-the d.- antiuns, for Honduras-the screw steamer Alps, for Baa-t klava-thk Andes and the Ml cduff, for Cito-the Washington, for N;ew Ylost-the Asdra Cliq, for Gibraltar. FBsro.'r, April II.-Ahrivee-Tho Creates, from Lag3sua-the Rupbm3tcaand the L.izzie, from Al'exandria-the Agricols, from 3&oulnueiD. fororclers and Glasgowv. Saileeh-The Phreaix, for Rotterdam-the Saga, for AntvweaP-the Folkefesen and the Baugalore. for London, BELrA\Sr, April 11.-The Rothsay, of Hull, from L.iverpool, for Halifax, was abandoned in a sinkin state, on the 27th of March last, in lat. '40, long. o0 W. Crew. exccept one seaman washed overboard, taken off by the Sumnerhill, of Belfast, arrived in the Loch, from Cuba, for orders. BRISTOL. Aprl 12.-Wind, W.; moderate. Arrived.-Ths Coen wal, from Elay1e-the Shamrock, from Waterford-the Jt-verna, from Cork. Sailed.-Tho Amelia, for IAverpool-the Sabrina, for Cork. Ap.di13.-Wind, W.; moderate. Arrived.-The Brigand,fromaGlas. gowv. The British Queen, of Bristol, from Malta to Iica. parted lseranchorsin treroadsteadat Torrevieja during a heavy gale at E., on the 31st of March, drove on the rocks between Cape Roig and Punta Prima, and has become a wreck. GRAVESEND, AnitL 12 (BY SuBseaUN- n2M BnRrsn Txs,aosumra (From Lloyd's.) 9.30 a.m.-Wind, W.; tide, 4hours' ebb; fine. April lL.-Arrived.-The Minto, from Lagos. Sailed.-The City of Norwich, forTonning. Apri 12.-Arrived.-The Emilie, from Fohr-the Zephyr, frosr Gravelines-the Mary, front Memel-the Matilda, from Guernsey-the steamer Belgium, frorm Ostend. Sailed.-The Teaser, for Cape Palmas-the Skerrymore, for Algoa bay-the steamer Holland, for Ostend. 1 p.m.-Wind, W.; tide, low vwater; fresh and fine Arrived.-The steamer Lukhen, from Harborg-the steamer Rhine, fromlBoulogne-the steamer Dragon, from Hamburg-the Thetis, from Shanghai. SaWed.-The steamer Trident, for Hamburg. 3 p,m.-Wind, W.S.W.; tide, 2 hours' flood; fresh and fine. No arrivahl. Sailed.-The steamer Conrordia, for Rotterdans, 7.30 p.m., Wind, W.S.W.; tide, 1t hour's ebb; weather ligh:t andl fine. ArriveLd-The Eawrys, from[Capo Town-the 'Familien, frorc Laurrig-the Lady Franklin, from Rio Janeiro-thae Nymph, from the Mluritius-the Wallace, from CaUao-the Jupiter, from Thisted-the Catherisa, from iNordensluis-the Stadslind, from Manzavilla-thc Trine Marie, from fKkiobing-the Christie Mfathilde, from Heilinghagen-the Queen of the Chase, from Terceira-the Waverloy, from SierrmLeone-the Yldefonsa, from Bilboa-the Tyro, from Genoa-the Herald of the lorning, from the Mrauritius-the Earl of Windserr from Calcutta-the Excelsior, from Antigua-the Fear Not, from St. Michael's-the Fence, from ManiUa-the Gipoey Queen, from St. Michael'S. 4p.m.-Windt, S..; tide, lt hour's flood; weather, moderate and fine. April IS.-Arrived.-The Elphinstone, from Belize-the Deniese, fromPorto Rico-the Eangalore, from Moulsaein-tse Jessie, from Belize-the Celambne, from Alexandria-the Catharine, from Trieste -the Iceni, from Mladras-the steamers Rainbow and the Ceres, from Rotterdam-the Sir Edward Bankes, from Calais-the Lallah Rookh, from Calcutta.-the Florestrn, from Porto Rico-the Henry Reed, from Launceston-the Slater Rebow, from St. Michael's-the Fame, from Seville-the Saghalien, from Shanghai-the Director, from Savannah la Mar-the John Thomas Carr, from Triecto. SaSeL-The steamer Eorusia, for l(onigsberg-the steamer Po'dux, for Hamburg-the steamer Lord John Russell, for Dunkirk-the stean erAdelaide, for the Crimea-the steamer London, for Gotten burg--the steamer Diana, for Amsterdam-the steamer Seine, for Boulogne-the steamer Harlingen, for Harlingen-the steamer Triton, for Calais-the steamer ElRe, for Hamburg-the steamer Foyle, los Guernsey-the Mary Ann, for Hobart-town-the steamers Earl oi Auckland and the Batar'er, for Rotterdam-the steamaer Baron Osy. for Antwerp. DEAL, APriL 12. IBY SrBmcxsncs A-,D BRnisH Tzr.EaegPa ) (From Lloyd's.) 9 a2m.-Wind, W.S.W. ; strong. AnchoreLt-Her 31ajesty's gunboats Nos. 14, 33, and 41, from the river for Portsmouth-the Slater Rebow. from StE Michrael's fos orders-the Ileeni, from MEadras for London-the Margaret 3Mitchel, from Samarang for Amsterdam. 2Noon.-Wind, W.S.W. ; fre3h. Passed.-HerMlajesty's ship Prometheus, from the East for l!e West -the schooner Deslandes, from the West for the Northward-the De fence, from Mlanila for London. The Defence made Nos. 1,624 first pendant, instead of 2,114 first pendant. Anbhorea,-iler M1ajesty's gunboat No. 4, from the rivcr for Forts mouth. Sailed.-The M{argaret Mitchel, for Amsterdam. 2 D.m.-Wind, W.S.W. ; fresh. Passed-The Lalah Rookh, from Calcutta for London. Salled.-Her Majesty's ship Prometheus, from Heigoland for Portsmonth. 7.30 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W. ; very light. Arrived and Passed.-The Henry Reed, from Launceston for London -the SaAtiago, from Lagusyra for London-the Director, from Jamaica for London-the Sazhalien, from Shanghai for London. Arrived and Anchored.-The Teaser, from London for Cape Palmas -the 'Wslter, from London for Rio Janeiro-the Cocekerill, from London for Co.sstantinople-the Tar, from London for Swansea-the Jamaica, from Zondon for Antigna-the Free Tade, from London for Newport-the Llewellyn, from London for Barbsadoes-the Quivers, from Hul for 31alta. ArRItL 13. 5 p.m.-Wind, easterly; light. Arrived and Passed,-The Minerva, from M1adras for London. Arrived and Anchored.-The Atalanta, from London for Calcuttathe Mirage, from London for Bombay-the Tanjore, from lLondon for Rang-con-the Euroelydon, from London for Bombay-the steamships Imperatris, 130 transport, andthe Adelaide.1138 transport, both from London for the Crimea-the Xavier, from London for Carthagenathe Richa'd, from London for - -the steamship Retriever, from london for Cardiff-the CamUila, from Sunderland for Portsmouththe Lomer, from Hartlepool for Harre. Sailed.-The Rival, the Wyvern, the Electric, the Melbourne, the Ecipse, the Axna Alberta, the Lammermoor, the Anne Logan, the Bucephalun, the Reindeer, the Neilly, the Admiral, and the Eliza, with the whole of the outward bound, except the Avon, the Lord William Bentiack, the Rizea, and the Hester. Report of the ship Saghalien from Sfhanghai.-Dec. 28, the ship Royal Stuart, froem Batavia for Europe. Feb. 18, the ship Pleiaes, from Calcutta for London, in lat. 27 40 S., long. 6 CO B. March 19, the bark Smnatra, fromn Colombo for London, in lat. 18 40 X., long 3815 ,. March 20, a ship 972 third pendant, from the Maurithis for Glasgow, in lat. 20 20 N., long. 39 40 W.; same day, lat. and long., the (ship Admiral Duperr6, from Coringa Bay for BM eilles, March 26, the hark Chieftain, from the 31auritius for London, in lat. 2610 N., Iong. 38 40 W. 3March 27, the French brig George Duckwortb, from Santos for HIambssrgh, in lat. 27 22 N., long. 38171V. iMarch 30, the French bark Rosina, from the Mauritius for Cork, in lat. 30 20 N., long. 36 40 W. April II, the ship Escort, outward bound; Start Point 15 miles S. E. VESSE.s SPOnsr WrsTr. The Balleuxgelch, from Glasgow for Calcutta, March 8. In lat. 3 N., long. 21 WV. The Lady 'flDonald. Jan. 2, in 1st. 12 S., long 87 E. Her MaLjCsty's siip Grecian. Feb. 2, in lat. 33S., long. 31 E. The Bellc A3liance. March 1, in lat. I N., long. 19i . The ChalleUnger, 'March i, in lat. 4 N., long. 23 VW. The Adelaide Bell, from Calcutta to London, Feb. 12, in 1st. 34 S., Ion. 29 E. The &R. Yolu g,from Calcutta fir London, Feb. 21, in lat. 38 S., long. 7 E. The Phesicidan. from London for Sydney, New SouthWales, March 9, in tat. IN.. long. 23W.h12, nlat The Lord Raglan, from Bombay for Liverpool, M1arch 12, inlast. ON., long. 31 W.1Y,Ion. 3 W The Cores, for Hlonduran, Mfarch 18, in 1st. 17 N., long. 39 W. The bark Newcastle, Dee. 30, ainl:t. 1 N., long. S(iE. The Island Queen, stansliag north. Jan. 3, in Int. 65S.. long. 86 E. - The American ship Young Mlechanie, from Calcutta for Hlull, Feb. 2. innlat. 23 S., long. 32E. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE THIS DAY. Morning .. 23 min. after 91 Afternoon .. 12 min, after 10
EAsT L'DIA TE lrrTOPRIS.-A return published on Saturday shows the territories that have (since 1849) been annexed, orwhich it is proposed to annex to the British dominions. Those annexed includeJeitpore (Biundelcund). Snmbulpore (Bengal), Bughut (Cis-Sutlej Hill States), part of Sikkim (N.B. India), Oodeynore (S.W. frontier of Bengal), Pegne, the territory resumed from Meer Ali Morad, one of the Ameers of Scinde; the country of Jularam Sonaputtee and Northern Cachar, the Nagpore territory, Ihansi (Bundelcund), and Boodawial (Candeish). The area of of these States carries a space of 115,96 square miles. The reasons for annexation were partly failure of heirs and partly misconduct towards the British C4overnment. Pegue, conquereai from the Barmese, includes 2,306 square miles and 133,000 souls; its revenue is not known. It has been proposed to annes Kerowlee (Rajpootana), Adjygliur (Bundeleund), Inchulkurunje- (Colapore), and Tanjore. The revenue of India exhibits a deficit of 2,543.7101. in 1854-55, plt2s a deficit of 2,044,1771. in the preceding year. The net revenue, in 184-55, amounted to 24,241,478L, and the total charges to 26,785,188?.
JUDICIAL COMMITTEE OF PRtYY COUNCIL, i Saturday, ApriZ 12. THE :FltA^NC} ANSD THE U:,ION. (Before Mr. PiNEIltOx LEIGH, Sir EmvARD Bs, Dr. i LsHnGTo-,. and Sir L-wxeNrc. P.r. These vessels having been condemned as prizes in the Court of Admiralty, appeals were prosecated to the Judicial Committee, by whom tne decisions of the Court below were reversed, and the vessels, or the proceeds, ordered to be xestored to the respective claimants. A question now arese as to 'whether they were entitled, the vessels having been sold, to the gross proceeds, or whether certain deductions for their detention, sale, &c., were to be made. Dr. Addams appeared for the claimants; the Queen'sAdvocate for the Crown. Mr. PEnBEnToN LEIGH said that the question raised was one of very considerable importance, and their Lordships thought it would be more satisfactory to take time and examine whether there were any authorities in the Court below than to decid, apon it at once.
LAW REPOBT. COV1LT OF CALNCERY. LiNcon;9S-%-N. APT'Lz 12. WFSSIUT V. NOBLE. (Before the LoRD CHANCELLORiS This was an appeal from a decree of Vice-Chancellor Stuart. The claim was filed by the plaintiff as one of the next of kin of Thomas Cole, formerly of Eastcheap, London, deceased, against the defendant, the administratrix de bonms non of the said l'homas Cole's will, and prayed the investment of a sum of 1,6661. 13s. 4d. as directed by the wilL The question arose upon the construction of the will of the said Thomas Cole, dated March, 1798. It appeared that the testator thereby devised certain freehold property to his son Daniel, upon his attainingtheage of 25 years, with a gift over in the following words :-" And in case my said sonDaniel shall die under the said age of 25 years with out leaving any child or children surviving him, then in trust for such persons as at the time of such failure of issue shall be my next of kin, according to the statute of distribution of intestate's estates, and as if I had survived my said son Daniel, and in the like shares, as they would be entitled to the same under the said statute." The proviso in the will respecting the gift over of the 1,66. 13s. 4d. was as felows :-" And in case my said daughter shall leave no child or children surviving her, then in trust for my next of kin in manner aforesaid." The defendant, Mrs. Noble, is the daughter here referred to as the tenant for life of the 1,6661. 13s. 4d., and is still alive. The real point to be decided was whether the testator, by the words " next of kin in manner aforesaid," designated the next of kin living at his owvn death or the next of kin living at the death of Mrs. Noble, it Veing admitted that the plaintiffwould be entitled under the first construction, but not under the second. The Vice-Chancellor sustained the claim, and from that decision the defendant appealed. Mr. Bacon and Mr. Vlitbread appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Malins and Mr. Cracknell for the appellant. The case was not concluded at the rising of the Court, and vll be proceeded with on Tuesday. (Befor e the LORDS JusTICEs of ArPLW.) NEv QuEElN'S COuNSEL. Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Cairns (having been appointed counsel to Her MIajesty) were this morning called within the bar by the Lords Justices, with the accustomed formalities. IN BANsRUPTCY.-EX PARTE CRMABE, IN RE PrALER. Mr. ARCUBnALD S311TH again brought this petition before the Court. It was reported in The Times on the 23d of February and the 1st and 15th of March last, and it will be recollected that the question is whether Mr. Palmer, of llugeley, bein in custody on a writ of capias ad saisfacindusn, and then being removed to gaol upon a criminal charge and there remaining mOre than 21 days from the date of the original capton, thereby commits an act of banatapty within the 3enening of the Bankrupt Lsws Consolidation Act. The commissioner had refused to aake an adjudication, on the ground that the lying in prison was upon a criminal and not upon a civil process, and therefore not a good act of bankruptcy. The learned counsel gave a reoapitulation of the facts, and had proceeded soee length, whnen Lord Justice KNrsIs BRUCE wished to know, <as there was a question of jurisdiction, whether the counsel for the alleed bankrupt wrould consent to treat the petition as if the commissioner ha d adjudicated the bankruptey and this hlr,:DxGEXsai hewvas not instructed to gve any such consent, and that t1he debt upon wvhich D. Palmer had been arrested was a joint debt due fromr him andl another to the petitioner, M. Crabbe, and that tahe en-debtor had offered to pay thme whole debt, with interest andeosts, which J would, if thc offer had been accepted, obviate allnecessity for ;the hearing of thve petaston. . Mr. A. Sanni;r read a wvaiver of all objections to the jurisdiction of the Court, but Their LosRSmpns, upon reading and oonsidering it, thought it to be wholly unintelligible. As Mr. De Gex was instructed to censent to anything but n-tah could be of use, their Lordshins considered there was so much doubt upon the question of jiuisdiction that before they could venture to proceed the Lord Chancellor shouldie consulted, and his opinion taken wvhether in the present condition of the bankrupt law the Lords Justices have Jurisdiction to hear such an apFlication where the commissioner has refused to adjudicate. If his Lordship should Fae of opinion in the affirmative the parties could come back; 3Mr. Daniel is also for the appeaL It is understood that the Lord Chancellor will hear the jquestion of jurisdiction argued before himself and the Lords i.ustces the first day the full Court shall sit.
VICE-CHACELtLOR'S COUT-RT. mRiL 12. D THE TT OE F T1 6 , JOUET-STC COMBIES IVIDUDDG-U5r ACTS ]S4S tonD 1849, A~ND OF nHE couRT 'GHA'NGE STT.VERP LETX-- IrTE,T\-V CA1PAVVW (Before Vie 1lanceltor Sir W. P. Wo OD. I This was a petition by William Sedgwick-, one of the managing directors and a holder of 100 shares in the abovenamed company, prayL-g that it might be dissolved and its affiairs wound up under the provisions of the Winding-up Acts. The company was formed in February, 1842, for the .pm-nose of working the Court Grange Silver Lead Mine, in Cardiganshire, upon theeost-book system. The lease of the mines was assigned to three of the shareholders, ef whom Sedgaick was one, and held by them in trust for themselves and all other the shareholders in the company. The mines were worked under the direction of these three shareholders as -kstees and directors until 1852. The directors were autaorized by the adventurers at meetings held in March and April, 1852, to borrow a slim of money not exceeding 3,000l. Previously toApril, IS-52, thepetitioner had advanced outofiiis.ownmoneysvarionssuns, amountingto937Z., forthe purpose of carrying on the wo;ks of the mine. Further sums were adeauced by the petitioner upon having the lease of the nines deposited with hini as a security. On the 31st of December, 1854, a balance of 5,M33I. Os. Sd. was found owing to thepetitioner, which still remained unpaid. CaUs Were made on the shareholders, who had refused to pay them, and the company had accordingly become insolvent, and the business of the mine had ceased, except so far as to prevent a forfeiture of the lease. Aetions had been brought against the petitioner on bills of exchange drawn by tl.e captain of the mine on and accepted by the petitioner for moneys owing from the comipany. An action of ejectment had been also Lrought by the lessor of the mine, and other actions were pending against shareholders for goods delivered and labour done. The petitioner had on the 11th of February last served the secretary of the company Nith a notice under tlhe Winding-up Act,calling upon the company to indemnify hinm against the action upon the bills or exchange. The company not having paid the debt or indemnified him against the action, Mr. Sedgwick had presented this petition. A similar petition hadbecn presented by another of the shareholders, which was attachled to Vice. Chancellor Kindersley's Court. Mr. Daniel and Mfr. Poxburgh appeared in support of the petition. Mr. SELnVy and Mr. Dicisa-soN, for one of the shareholders, opposed the petition, and contended that it was not for the substantial benefit of the contributories, which alone indaced the Court to grant the order, the Winding-up Acts not being passed for the pm-pose of benefiting mere creditors like the petitioner, who ou-ht to be left to his ordinary'remedies. The petitione, having assigned his debt, had not sufficient status to entitle hiu to obtainl this order. The VzcE-CA.&sCELLoR (without calling for a reply) said that he could not dismiss the petition without expressing any opinion asto the light of lir. Sedgwick to recover what he claimed. Ie had advanced large sums for the benefit of the mine and for carrying on its affairs, and this not for his own benefit, but in good faith, in order to assist the company. The sbiareholders allowed the mine to be carried on, and took no steps to stop these advances. The petitioner was thus allowed to expend his money, while the shareholders would have claimed the benefit of it if the speculation had proved profitable. He would be hardly used, therefore, if he were not allowed to recover against the company. Then with respect to granting the winding-up order, the mine had been carried on from 1852 with perfect Imowvledge on the part of those who resisted this petition. Mr. Sedgwick had been left to bear the whole expense of the mine himself, and it was admitted in the respondent's affidavit that lie had paid all the costs up to October, 1854. After this it was impossible to allow the shareholders to say that the petitioner was not entitled at least to become a creditor of the conipany for the costs paid by him. If a liability was admitted on the part of the sbareholders it was a liability expressly incurred for carrying on the mine after 1852, nor could the petitioner be in any worse position for having paid this liability, to which the company was liable. The object of the act wvas to prevent one shareholder from paying more than his proper share, and the petitioner was clearly, under its very words, entitled to its benefit, and he ought not to be compelled to file a bill. It did not follow because the winding-up order was made that the petitioner would get his costs. That must depend upon his conduct. Upoln the petition the common order for dissolution and wmnding-up would be made.
COURTof BANKRUPTCY, Basinghatf-8ti.e4, Ap;.ii 12. IN RE W. P. LILLICRjr. (Before Mr. Com issioner Gounimice.'. lee oasicrupt was a retail furrier, in Davies-street, Berkeley-square. This was the certificate meeting. MIr. Lnwrance supported; Mr. G. Lawrance opposed for the assi'gnees. Mhr. sI"'wNcE having stated that the bankrupt was in no way connected with another bankrupt of that name His HONOra said the bankrupt had traded carelessly and improvidently. The debts were 1,0301., and there wouldnot be more than a dividend of Gd. in the pound. Believing that the bankrupt had not intended todo wrong, and having been informed upon good authority that the class of certificate had a great effect upon a traders future prospects and credit, the bank;ruptwould receive a second-class certificate, but there must be a suspension of nine months. LN RE G. BUTCEER. The bankrupt was a stone merchant, of Belmont-wharf, Finmdco. This application for a certificate was recently opposed by Mfr. Thomas Rtoberta, solicitor, of Spriniggardens, a creditor for 2661. HIis H1 oniVB, in the course of givingZ a judgment which occupied about an hour and a-ball in delivery, said this was the second bankruptcy. There had also been a petition to the Inslolvent Court. The general features c,f the case were not favourable. The bankrupt, as was usual in the cases of persons petitioning the Insolvent Court, had many residences and descriptions, including Cornhill, a place in Glocestershire, 43, Skinner-street, and Belmont-wharf. Where were now unsecured creditors 1,3001., and there would be - next to no dividend. On general grounds there would be a suspension of certificate for sLi months. In respect to the opposition of Mr. Roberts, it 'was impossible that he could decide otherwise than that the baskr=pt had contracted the debt with that gentleman I fraudulently. He had concealed from M1r. Roberts many important facts, and he (the Commissioner) believed not only that the bankrupt had no reasonable expectation cf paying the bill which he got Mr. Roberts to discount, but that he did not intend to pay it. Beforx it became due the bankrupt bad assigned his property to another. It was said that a money lender at the rate of 60 per cent. was not to be believed, but he (the Commissioner) mnust observe that the opinion of every one now concurred in this respect-that the trade in money should I e the same as in any other trade. Having referred to the tvidence, including that of Mr. Roberts, in which he would not swear that in the course of his transactions with the bankrupt he had not received from him in the form of interest 1,0001., but that he did not believe he had received anything like that sumn, his Honour proceeded to say that he believed Mr. Robertsfs statement of the circumstances anderwhich the debt had been contracted. If thecase were one of life or death he should arriveatthejudgmnent he did -that the bankrupt had been guilty of fraud. He did no' approve of all manner of abuse being heaped upon the OpO sing creditor, and he shouldiarki his sense of the case by a futher suspension of certificate (third class) ofthrcemnonths, making altogether a suspension of certificate of nine months, and during three months of which the bankrupt would be without protection. MIr. INsca&rEu, for the vankrupt, gave notice of appeaL IN RE RAhVE AND RANTS. The bankrupts were wholesale stationers in Fish-streetbilL The statement of their afftairs by Messrs. Paul and Turner shows practically-debts, 12,000!., and no assets. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. IAENRLATER, for the assignees, said there had been accommodation bill transactions to the amount of 120,000l., and upwards of 2,3001. had been expended in Chancery suits. Air. KEDDn,, for the bankrupts, said the Chancery suits had been of a friendly character. His HoNouR granted third-class certificates after six months' suspension, with protection. (Before AMr. Commissioner FA.N.) IN RE ALRERT KIMG. The bankrupt traded as a wholesale grocer and provision merchant in Chiswell-street, Finsbury, under the style of King and Co. His HoNOURt, in giving judgment on the question of certificate, said the case was a bad one, and there would be a suspension of certificate (third cLass) 12 months. Proteclion would be withheld, except in the event of the banklUpt having been in prison six months.
INSOLYENT DEBTORS' COUBT, April 32. IN R1T. JTOTN WPVT.VS: (Before Mr. Commissinner PTT.-TPR.- This case, before reported in T1ae Times, was further heard. Mr. Dowse opposed for Messrs. Lee and Jerdien, coalmerchants; Mr. Reedsupported. The insolvent, one of Her Majesty's watermen, had been acorn and coal dealer at Putney. He had also kept the Rose and Crown publichouse in the saime place, which he took four years ago from his father-in-law, Mr. Trery. An inquiry now took place respecting a warrant of attorney given to Trery, under which his property was about to be seld. The COuRT discharged the insolvent, and appointed Mr. Lee assignee. Mr. ichols appeared for a creditor who held the lease of the p-emises at utney.
POLICE. MA_SIro-nousE.-Felix Delanoy was brought before the LoRD M&YoR for final examination upon the charge of &aving aided and assisted in unshipping and conveying aquantity of manufactured tobacco liable to duty. The case, which excited much curiosity, had been remanded from Friday, the defendant having stated that he wished to communicate with3isinmbassadoruponthe subjectof the unjust arrest, and that he was wholly unconscious of offence. MIr. Beverley, thesolicitorto the Customs, appeared for the prosecution, Mir. Beard, from Mr. Buchanan's offlces, n.Itended for the defence. The tobacco, which had been ingeniously bruised into nackages, betwseca wYhich and the otside wrapper a thin layer o)f butter was so deposited that they looked likce yarcels of Ostend butter, as that article is usually bc'ongbt to this country, was exhibited int the justice-room. The section of the Revenue Act lunder wYhichl the information was laid was the 234th, and the quantity of tobacco smuggled was 2321b. Soz. The penalties by the act amoanted to 3001., but the solicitor said the commissioners bad directed him to go for no higher penalty than 1001., the forfeiture of ffie tobacco, the value and duty upon twhich amounted to 121?. 9s. 7Ad., of course, following the conviction. The defendant pleaded " Not guilty." AL Frangois da P'eisi merchant, of St. Daustan's-hil, said,-I received a letter of advice from France, advising me that the person fomn whom it came had shipped three .andx-half cases of butter. I received the bil of lading and was to deliver the butter to the defendant, after dezng sall that -was necessany at the Custom-house. I am the consignee of the cases, and I accordingly passed the usual wasehousing entries at the Custom-houise. Cross-examined.-I am not acquainted with the consignor, neither have I ever aeen him. I have had four business transa=tions wvith the defendant. He always settled with us, and we looked upona him as a respectable man. On receiving a letter we w rote to him on the 9th of April to state . hat the butter vAs ready. He had been twice before at my-efice, but I was not there, and I wrote to him that tha Zitter was ready, and I wished to get clear, of the goods. The LORD MYOSR.-Why did you wish to get clear of the goads ? WVitnss.-Because I was told they were smuggled goods, but I did not tell him that I had been told so. £ had some charges on goods of his when I wrote to him that letter. MI. F. S. du Poisi (son to the firstwitness) said,-Isawthe defendants yesterday at the Queen's varehouse. I gave the delivery order produced to the weigher, and the deefendant signed the receipt on the order, and I afterwards saw him reeive the goods. Thomas IB Cross, of King-street, Camden-town, horseslaughterer, said,-I saw the defendant on Thursday and ?riday. I was to go with him and take a horse and cart on Thursday to the Shades Tavern, but the defendant did not come for three quarters of an hour, and I was told to stop, and afterwards I vas told I could not have the cases. Yesterday I was told to go -with the defendant, and I did so accordingly with the horse and cart to St. Dunstan's-hill, and thence to the Custom-house, whlere I loaded the goods, withthehelpof a man who was paid bythedefendant. 'When the cases were in my cart I turned to the left outside the gates, and the defendant went to the right, and I was then seized by a Custom-house officer. Mr. E. G.Weale, officer of the Customs, said,-I arrested the defendant yesterday for giving directions to the carman to go a different way from the way he -was going. Cross-examined.- The prisoner had no opportunity that I know of of seeing the contents of the packages. Mr. T. S. Gittens, officer of the Queen's warehouse, said, -I had the custody of the three cases and a-half referred to yesterday. They were delivered to the defendant upon the orderproduced, which he signed. I examined the cases and found that tlree of them contained 84 lumps each, and a fourth contained 42 lumps of tobacco. The fourth had cigars a well as tobacco, The lumps appeared to be Ostend butter. In order to make the cases weigh as heavy as cases of butter weigh generally, packets of old nails were deposited among the smuggled articles. MIr. Beard said it would he absurd to deny that an imposition had been practised, but he submitted to the Lord Mayor that there was no proof that the defendant was aware of the fact that tobacco had been substituted for butter. The defence was that the young man at the bar, whose character had never before been impugned, was the dupe of desigsgng persons, of whom he had become the nnocent agent. The Solicitor to the Customs said the course pursued by Mfessrs. du Poisi upon the occasion was highly creditable to that frmn. The LORD MAlYOR said the case was one which required particular animadversion, and he apprehended must have been carried on much to the prejudice of the fair dealer, the revenue, and the moral feeling of the community. He felt that much credit was due to the consignees on the occasion, and he really thouoht the commissioners were too lenientlv disposed towvards ttc offender. If they had not expressed a wvish that the penalty should he limited to 1001., he believed it would have given him much satisfaction to fine the defendant in the whole amount, to the payment of which he had subjected himself by so gross n violation of the law. MAYLrEBONE.-George Williams, a flashily-attiredyoung man, was brought up before Mr. LONG for further examination, charged with having, on the platform of the l>addington terminus of the Great Western Railway, stolen from the pocket of Lady Glamis, 40, Curzon-strect, Mayfair, a purse containing gold and silver to the amount of The particulars of what previously transpired have already appeared in !lcTJI imes. Ier Ladyship now attended and identified the purse and iats contents. Mr. Collard, superintendent of the company's police, said that since the first inquiry he had gone to Worcester and called at No. 7, George-street, in that place, where the prisoner alleged that lie lived and carried on business as a cigar-manufacturer, and ascertained that he was not known t-here nor to anly one in the locality. Vitcher, an active detective officer, said that he had know,n the pnisoner for years past as a meniber, and a firstrate one, of the swvell mob. The prisoner u-as conmmitted for triaL. In YUe Tiens of Friday last it was stated by mistake, in a case of railway robberv to a large amount, that King, 51 F, was one of the parties charged ; his (King's) number is 61 ; the constable having the first-named number is Kaye, a verY respectable and efficient officer. WxEsI3Inrssn.-Henry Churnell, late butler in the service of Mr. Richard Frost Fisher, was brought up for reexamination, charged with stealing his master's plate, It will be remembered tllat about 7 o'clock on the morning of Saturday -week the prisoner awoke his master, and informed him that the whole of the plate, value 300., had been stolen froi the pantry. }JrI. isher inquired where he was at the time, when the prisoner replied that he had been fetched out at a little after 12 on the previous night to his cousin, who was ill, and that upon his return in two or three hoiurs afterwards he found the whole of the plate had been stolen. On inquiry, it was ascertained that the story about his cousin was untrue, and was given into the custodvof the police,when e.stated that he had spent the night out of doors-with four plen, one of whlom, a perfect stranger, had left them early, and was shortly 'afterwards followled by two others of the party. - There w a3 no appearance of force onthe street door or nlate chest, excepting some marks on the latter, whichi had the appearance of being done while the chest was open. Mfr. PAYNrEE inquired whether the police had any other enideuce. I Inspector Tunlstall zeplied that they had none to offer at present, and solicited a further remand.| Eo. PAYXTER observed that in a neighbourhood Elke Eaton-place, -where there was so much property, he should have thought there would always have been detective officers about on the alert. He should imagine it was Laidly possible for practised London thieves to commit sucha robbery withoutthe knowledge of the police. Of course, they could afford no protection against dishonest servants. Mr. Wontner, on behalf of the prisoner, said that his client most solemnly denied all knowledge of the robbery. He had told a falsehood certainly, but there was no case whatever against him. Mr. PAYXrER said it was a case the accused had made against himself, and it was for a jury to say whether he was guilty, -Mr. Wontner remarked that the prosecutor had had a good character with him, and had never had reason to complain of dishonesty on his part. lIr. Fisher intimated that he reposed confidence in him and never suspected him of dishonesty, but, had he known that he was in the habit of having so many visitors in the house, as he had since learned was his practice, he would have discharged him long ago. Another legal gentleman who had by some odd reason been also instracted to attend the accuzed, suggested that Mr. Fisher himself thought the prisoner innocent. Mr. Fisher begged to disabuse the advocate's mind. He was sorry to say his Opinion was the other way. Mr. Wontner observed that, if Mr. Fisher required any information which it was in the prisoner's power to give, he would be most wiling to afford it. Prisoner exclaimed, "I am as innocent as the child unborn !" Mr. PA.SUmEPr remanded the accused until Thursday, and refused to take baiL. CIMPMr;NIVELL.-A respectably-dressed young woman, named Johanna Dweyer, was plaeed at the bar before Mr. COn.rD charged with stealing four calico shirts, the property of Mr. F. X. Bauer, a professor of music, residing at B, iFeatherstone-buildings, Holborn. MEr. Parry, instructed by lMr. Shaen, the solicitor of the A ssociate Istitution for Improving and Enforcing the Law for the Protection of WVomen, attended for the defence. The prisoner in this case is a native of Hamburg, whence she came in &ugust last from thehouse of her parents, who are respectable tradespeople, to take the position of general servant in the house of, as she believed, a Mrs Bauer, of 6, Featherstone-buildings, Holborn. The place had been procured for her through aservants' oflice in Hamburg, ikept by aMr. and Mrs. Lutseus. She came extremely well provided with clothes and with various little articles of personal ornament. WVhen she came to the place she found that her mstress had been a MIrs. Baner, hut had married again a man named KCratsman, and was ieeping a lodginghouse, having a grown-up son {the prosecutor) living with thLem. she wages sllc was to receive were tis. per month. From the time of the prisoner's arrival she has never received any wages at all, and whenever she has asked for tLem her mistress has told her to go out in the streets and see gentlemen and get money from them. This has several times been done, and the girl has when thus sent out been to spend the evening at the house of a German acquaintance,and she declaredctlihat she has neverhad improper cormexion with any one. From time to time Mrs. Kratsman has sent her to pawn a number of her personal ornaments, including a brooch, a pair of earrings, a ring, a gold locket, a silver pencilcase, &c., and she has handed the nioney thus obtained to Mrs. X.ratsman. Soon aftex she came the stepson, Mr. Bauer, said he would teach her English if she would sleep with him, but this shE has always refused to do. He has at various times, up to a fortnight ago,repeated these solicitations. About sixweekl ago a gentleman, with his wvife and family, came to lodge iE the house,andvery soon afterwards theprisonerspoketo the lady's pri ate maid, and also to the lady's daughiter, begging to be relieved froinler position, and at different times men tioned the facts above detailed, nlmost all of which wer( known to the lady prior to Friday last. On that morninu the prisoner camle dowrn about 7 o'lock, as usual, and weni into the front parlour to clean the room. The prosecutor wa there, and assoon as he sawherhe baganabusiagherforhar. ing complained of him to the lodgers and for havin1 written against him home to her mother, and he tiltimatel1 struck her with his fist and with his open hand on her face Thelady and her daughterboth heard the scuffe,andthe gir rushed upstairs to them for protection, with the marks o the blow distinctly on her face. Tne maidservant asi heardthe scuffle, and saw the marks of the blow. Frorn that time the lady kindly took the girl under her pro tection, and in the afternoon mentioned the details of thE case to her husband, who at once put it into Mr. Shaen' bands, and he, on behalf of the Associate Institution fo: Improving the Laws for the Protection of Women, tool the matter up. On Saturday Mr. Shaen took out a sum mons against Mr. Bauer for the assault, and the case was heard before Mfr. Corrie on Tuesday, when, after a ramblin, defence, in which Mr. Bauer cross-examined the prisonel and the witnesses at great length, the magistrate suggestee that the case should stand over generally to give Mr, t Shaen the opportunity of making further inquiries as to thE girl, it being alleged that her complaints had alread3 been inquired into, and found to be unfounded by the Hamburg Consul, Mr. Shaena Iso stating that they would im the meantime take charge of the girl. On Thursday, a this gentleman and his family were leaving their lodgings the girl was given in charge by Mr. Bauer and Mrs. Xrats iman on a charge of stealing and pamning shirts. She wa I taken off to the stationhouse, where she was kept all night Before she went, however, an offer was made to her t( withdraw the charge of robbery if she would withdraw thi charge against MEr. Bauer, which she declined to do. Thi case was gone into on Friday, and then adjourned anti Saturday, when thte first witness ca71ed was F. A. Baner, wvho stated that he was a professor of music, The prisoner w as in his father's service up to Friday week, There were a good ninny shirts of his missing, and fron information received he went to the shop of Mr. Wood,: pawabroker, in Holborn, and saw four shirts, pawned al different times, whiCh he identified ashisproperty. Hehac never sent her to pawn a single shirt at any time. Cross-examined by Mr. Parry.-It was not until after thI charge of assault had been preferred against me that I mad( a search and ascertained that the prisoner had stolen ml shirts. I do not know how many times a-week I have sen! her to the pawnbroker's. Not so many as 30 or 40 times. I may have sent her three or four times with shirts. I do no' know whether lMrs. Kratsman ever sent her to pawn shirts. The prisoner's wages were to be 31. 12s. a-year. I do noi consider that too much for a young woman aged 21. I waw charged at this courlt on Tuesday with slapping her in thE face. She also charged me with taking indecent liberties with her. I do not know that 'when the girl has asked for her wages she has not received them. She was to stop in our service for2 months, and to repay us the money we advanced for her passage over. I am a professor of music, and have fetched things from the pawfnbroker's which I have sent the prisoner to pawn. MIrs. Eimily Schiel identified two of the shirts produced as her property. She never gave the prisoner or any other person liberty to pawvn them. She had never sent the prisoner at all for her. Cross-examinedby Mr. Panry.-Her husband was convicted a short tune since for forgery, and was sentenced to penal servitude. An assistant to Mr. Wood, the pawnbroker, produced the shirts, but said he should not like to swear who pawned them, for the man used to fetch things pawned by the prisoner, and the prisoner has redeemed goods panvned by the prosecutor. Mr. Con.nIE said lie would discharge the prisoner, and in so doing lie could not help saying that the lady had behaved very kindly in the matter, and in a way that was to be expected from an Onglish gentlewoman. SOUTIwARIC.-Elizabeth Pyne, a respectable-looking elderly woman, was brought up for re-examination, charged with attempting to murder Arn Pyne, her sister-in-law, the wife of a gentleman residing in Long-lane, Bermondsey, by striking her on the head with a hammer. It appeared from the evidence given on a former occasion that onl Thursday night, the 3d instant, about 9 o'clock, Police-constable 161 M was on duty in Long-lane, Bermondsey, when he heard cries of " Murder" proceed fromi Mr. Pyne's house. He at once proceeded there, and saw the prisoner striking the head of the injured woman with a carpenter's hammer. The prisoner bad hold of the other woman's neck, and, as she repeated the blows on the head, she exclaimed, "Now I have got you, and Pll do foryou." So determined was the prisoner m the act of violence that, had he not come up at the time, he was certain she would have committed murder. The officer, -with some difficulty, wrested the hammer from her grasp, and it was covered with blood. Ha:ing secured the prisoner, he called in the assistance of Dr. Downes, who speedily attended her and had her put to bed, where she remained for some days in a precarious state. The magistrate, after hearing that evidence, remanded the prisoner to ascertain the fate of the injured womllan and the condition of the prisoner's mind, it having been stated that she was labouring under an aberration of intellect. On the prisoner being placed at the bar on Saturday Mrs. Ann Pyne was in attendance, assisted into the court by her husband and several female friends. Her head was bandaged up, and there was a severe wound on the top of the forehead. She seemced in such a -weak state from the loss of blood that she must still be suffering great pain. The prisoner looked Nwildly at her, and called out that it served her right. .31r. Pync, the husband of the injured lady, said that the nrisoner was a widow, and ever since the death of her husband her mind had been wandering, and he was sure that Nvhen she coummitted the attack on -his wife she was insane. The magistrate asked what relation shw -was to him. Mr. Pyne replied that she was the -widow of his late brother, and he had kept her since his death, out of charity. She had sinze then several times exhibited symptoms of insaniity, and had been in asylums two or three times. The magistrate ask-ed whether she had any property of her own. XMr:Pyne replied that she had not. She was now in that state of mind that, for her own protection, she ought to be placed in an asylum. The prisoner here exclaimed that she was an ill-used woman, and they turned her out of her room. bhe did strike [er with intention of doing for her at the time, and it served her right. Mr. COMBE asked Mr. Pyne whether she lived in the same house with his wife. Mr. Pyne replied that she lived in the same parish, in Wyld's-rents, but it would not be safe for her to be at large; therefore he hoped his worship would do something with her. They had no -wish to prosecute her, as she was deDidedly insane. Mr. COImBE said there were only two courses for him to pursue. If she was insane, of course, she was not accountLble for her acts, and she maust be placed under proper re,traint; but, if she wasin her proper senses, then the law nust take its proper course. From the evidence given before him and the prisoners conduct he had no doubt as o her insanity; therefore he should recommend her relatives to apply to the parish authorities of Bermondsey for their astance. They-were the parties bound to protect such anunfortunate creature. The constable, by direction of his worship, proceeded ts the overseers of Bermondsey; and on his retarn be statel that they were ready to receive the prisoner and place her in the County Lunatic Asylum, providedshe wasconsiderej to be insane. Mr. ComBE said there was no doubt of that, and hla made the usual order for her removal to Bermondsey workhouse. The poor creatuoa, -who looked w.ildly at) r-.Pyne antk her relatives, was then taken away in a cab by the con. stable.
LAW NOTICRS.-( his Day.) COURT OF CHANCERY, Ihco '-sar.-Atlhf-past 10. - (Before the Lopes Jusnes) AppealMotions.-Drew T. Shedden, paxthdard-Paxtonv.NewtonKing v. Savery. Appeal.-Powell v. Lovegrove. ROLLS' COURT, CEiAxcaaw-s.Aana-At 10. For Judgment.-Pearoe v. Peare. By Order.-Abbott v. Middleton. Causec &c.-Kinderley v. Jervas, part beard-Andrewa v. TindalThompson v. Finch-laning v. Cowan-Edwards T. Crichton-AlIdesa v. Stamp-Morris v. Owens-Tee v. Bar~k of Engld-Butler v. Greenvvood-8mith v. ealraSer-Wanakery. Smith-Hind v. SelbyAttormey-General v. Field. TICE-CHANCELLORS' COIRTS. LneCOcS'-m-N.-At10. * (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir IL T. Kmnmasrzy.) Causes, k.-Emans v. Coventry, part heard-Anstruther w. Roberte, part heard-Warmer v. Wilington--Bluat v. Lack-De Wiart T. Mosely-Fitt r~. PittS (Before Vlce-Chanoellor Sir J. SrVAP'r) To be Mentibned.-lieal v. Xerrison-Webb v. Webb. Causes, &c.-Boothv. Alington (3)-Preston v. Preston-Boltonv. Jackson-Collinge v. Knight (4)-Stronge v. Hawkes--Paver v. Shearley-outh v. Searle-Dsebne v. Eckett-Abuey v. Dolphinieddish v. :Ferns (3)-Brook v. BiddaU-Attomey-General v. troft. (Before Vioe-Chanoeller Sir W. P. WOOD.) For Judgment.-Pickdord v. Brown-Brown v. Brown. Oause &c.-Biggenden v. Rennett, part heard-Manser T. DixNewcomen v. Chase-Arnold v. Mayor, &c., of Gravesemd-Barnard v Bagaw--lake and Bathurst Mining Company-Blagrve v. Bouth--Harris v. Watkins--Ward v. Eaton-Tabor v. Pooley-Witon v. Hill-Parkenv. Hl-Doubleday v- larding. ROLIS1 CEHA2BERS, CHaastcEny-LAIiS. A to K-At IL-Cbichester v. Chichester-Re Elworthy-Haddens v. h£ayhev-Crooks v. CundeUl-Dendy v. Cars-Bent v. BuckleyHardisicke v'. Hsardwickc-Gongh v'. Hlunting-Gregory v'. MonsleyAllison v. Addisan-Sanderson v. Bockett-Jacobs v. tichards Falen v.Joy-Btcman v. Hotchiin--Harrizon v. Kidger. At halfpast IL-Re Kempley-Re Chaudler-Re Baylys Charity-Carlewis v. Earl MArnington-Day v. Eaves-lain v. Cameron-Saudern v. B3ckett-Blagrovev. Caore. At 12.-Haley. Dry-Edmunds rv. .Mlelt, -Attorney-General v. Davey. BellT. Strongm- at 1. Ballardv. Bennet, at 1-Beetham v. Merrigan, at 1-Holmus v- HlIls, at hali-past I -Carpenter v: Carpenter, at 2-Collins v. CoUins, at 2-Denron v. Lord Manners, athalf-past2-B-own v. Clay. at3. LtoZ.-Reimers. v. Druce, at11-lie G Nichson's Estate, nt hali-past 11-Wastel v Pichmuond, at half-past 11-Pedder v. Fdder, at 12-Thoenpson Oliver, at half-past 12Pearsen v-. Spencer, at 1-Syms v'. Burgess, ai I1-Whormbyv Wright, at-LOiveRSCdH e ChapeL at halE-past I-Win bt v) CharLf at 2-TAndale ov. WilPimsu, at balf-past 2-OZver v. veatherstone, ataqTuaeruston 12v WeedCorv. at e -Towne a. Towrne. at bPearctv. Jay, at a quarter past 3-Be yadhane's Estate, at half-past 3. VIE-CHANCEI I O1W CH&MBEEt8, LrSCcOra'sneae - Vice-Chansellor Ku ngclSa.xvS Chambera ) Edwards dv. Dodd, at lO-Gossi v. Wright, at hali-past 10. AtIlCooper v'. Baddeley-Holmes v. soboer-Be Tudvway-Mils 'v. Rucil balL, at hali-past 11-Anderenva. PembrokLe, atIhab -pGat i-Bristore va. CGlam. at a quarter to L%-Ck v. Stephens, at 12-Thorpe tv Thorpe, at 12-LtRdgwayv, Mastemasan, at 12-Francistv. aFrancis, at hali-pastl°Hm;mv, Gray, at a quarter to 1-EcrB . Matshnall, atl1-Woodva. Smith, at I-SlilZboumne v'. SilZbemmre, at half-past 1- Digmy v. BoyGatte at bali-past 1-Staley v, Barett, at a quarter to 2- attornes-Generalv Creditn, at aquarterot 2-Attorey-General a. Shepherd, atf 2 ed 3-Stlls v. Wbeat croit at balf- ast 2-Partirtenv'. Reynolds, at 2 and 3-Egrernont v'. Thompson, at lib-past 3. (Vice-ChanceUor SWo,irs Chambesm,) A to3.-Bishop v. WebbT(2, ata earterte ll. At L1.-AlMneons Estate-Acilam yv. Acllam-Eiakes v. Seaton-Bosnisn v. Camorchi -Daithfulv Satten. At half-pa stha-Isaacst.-Garcia-Governorsot Gray Coat Hosp'ital v'. Westminster Commissisne.-s-Re Ashwortb- -ingilord T. BaU-Elris v. Whittaker. Isaacs v. Garcia, at 2-Coeeller v'. CoUlier, at 1Cowan r. N1ash, at 1-BraHdret v. Barri gton, at 2 and 3-Attorney-General v., Barker, at baLi-past 3. L; to Z.-Swin-- bmsne v'. Falce, at 10-Saveoryv Barber. at a quarter to U1-lie Seager, at a quarterto 11 At ll.- Slight v. Adey-Be Viner-Nutell s,Walter -Ward v. Footman-St. Malrgeset's Hospit'al a'. Westminmster Improvement Commissoners. li eWesh, at bali-past 1l At 126-Wilding v'. Richards-Russell v. v.llett-Morris v.. Morris, atl2, andirom 12 to 1 -Simonav. Gotteridg-e, from 1 to haLf-past 1-Thornton v'. Heely, from bali-past 1 to 2-Roberts v. Vercoe, from 2 tohali-past2-Re Tahtmons, from bali-past 2 to 4. (VineCh ancellor WOOD'Sa Chambers, A toK-Tewell v. TurncilLat 10. At 11.-Green a. Moore-Bowyer's Society v'. Mills-Bue 7'. Graham-Bond a'. Emnony-Gregonr v'. Desnaux-Cbambers v. Flood. At bali-past LL-Brenana v. Preston -Hall v. aurence-iBeston re. Beesten-harman ). Harman. FeethAm eyWilsonr atl2 Bv.oloeyat. Cooe, at 12-lo itrhacok v. Carey- r31. atv.2Grovestv. Groves, athall-plast 12FHtddonv. BermeCu1 atl -Horsiaav.Asho,at2-Claydon v. FNc, at-half-past 2-Pamion v Selby, at 3-Edards va. oAenedy (2). at bali-past 3. 3. to 2- At l1.-Ward v'. Csrtwrlht-Toynbeeva. Dack;ermg-Masthew a'. Amalot-Voulilon v'. Mtates-riLsen r. Wlioam-ttermere v. Vickesy-Macrt e U . Smith-Welchman v. FoolRoberts vi. Pollard-vewfds v. RL es-OddT va. Dickinson. Themre a'. Serr, at hali-past 11-axastorne v. MaSr-s, at Lali-past ll- fettimlav. K{ay, at 12-Re Sow erhy, at bali-past 12-2diddlelon v'. Martin,athaf-past12-ingerv. dmany atl-Pycottv.Wabis,at bal-past 1-Meek o . Hebden. at 2-le Symond's Charity, al. At half-past 3.-Be Smith-Rhe CEason-Langlon C. Langton-Tbempaon v. Teulon. MABTEES' OFFICES. SoUoTAs=afulr AT s. (Before iCmaster Sir G. ROEA) Attorney-General vA. Corporation of ond ow -Bather a'. t earoleyBrown v. Foster-Jackson. -a Defiell-Clark v. Fo -lto-t.Clloc a'. Gregory. (Beforemmiaster r CscA .) Wlllams v. Wi-lliams-Clayton v., Newport-Barnes v. KiplingDonaldson r . Donaldson-Derbishire a'. Home-Universal balvag Company, at 13-Royal Bank of Australia, at2. Seco 2 .(Before M.aster Tss. Prickett vl. Priclvett, at l1. lBefore Master BLUan.) Atil.-rdisby -v. StafDord-gIffiod Ha. Percival, Teart a'. TeIaV t at 12-Shells v'. SheLls, at L2-Armstrong a'. Storer, atLl (Before Aaster HBacln i T.) At12.-iligston a'. RLghton-ss, Part Hanman. (Before the CLErsn Camuna; Attorney-Genesoal v-T. SDaoid's-Cartmale , Profatt-Smith . Rlules-ConBnel v. Fortesce, BAnIsKPTCY COIIRT, Bassaro.sHll ( Before Mi'r. Commissionecr E VANS. ) P. Stainsby-adijomned certificate at ll. Strahan and Co.-prsvate sitting at 12. J. Harvey-last examination at 12 J. Edwards-choice of assigees at L?. A. Fy,re- applicationatl.?. T. Achhurt-adljonraed examination at 1. T. Welecr -adjourned examination at 2. ISSOI.VENT DEBTORS' COURT, FoltmoGArs,-rs,xy (Before Chief Commissionler Ls.w.)-AI 11. Adjournedfliscbarge,-. Vagg For Protection.-T. B. Dina, T. DOV;n, J. Br-esmer. Adjumsed I'rotection.-R. FiPnley. Section 28.-F. W,* Cooper. Small Debts.-Massclarke a'. Barnes. ( Before Mrz. Commissioner Psmanrrs.)-At 1L, Adjourned Prisoner.-T. Ashby. > s Original Frisoners.-J. It. Ross, F. Mas Original Protection.-I. Lloyd. Rule.-W. Bullen. SmPall Dehts.-Brion a'. hill.
THE -MrOO.N'S MOTIOY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMMS. Sir,-This subject excites so much interestk aud I havo received so many communications on both sides of the question, that I very reluctantly trespass once more on your courtesy, praying to be allowed to support my statement more fully that the moon has no rotation on her axis. IWy opponents produce elaborate proofs of tbe palpable fact that she revolves round the earth, turning the same hemsLphere towards it. This is notaxial rotation, such as the astronomical books attribute to the moon. Nor is the difference one in terms only, but in distinct kinds of motion, governed by diffcrent laws, and producing widely different results and phenomena. It is one with which every mechanic is faniliar. The rotation of a body round a centre distant from it, like the governor-balls of a steam-engine, cannot heper formed without progressive motion round its own orbit; but rotation on its own axis can. Arrest the earth in its revolution round the sun, and it will still rotate on its axis, for it has axial rotation. Arrest the moon in her revolution round the earth and she will be motionless, because she haS no axial rotation. To put this question to a practical tsct' let an orrery be constructed so that the moon shall rotate on her axis, as we are told she does, in the same period in which she revolves round the earth. Let this period be 10 minutesI affinn that at the expiration of five minutes after the orrery is put in motion the moon will present to the earth exactly the opposite hemisphere of her surface to tnat which she presented to it at starting. If I am right in this the question is settled, and the moon has no axial rotation; for at -whatever rate she rotates a similar result will ensue. The practical effects of the moon having no axial rotation seem to be chiefly these-and they are not unimportant - The projectile force of the centrifugal motion of the moon vill affect that side which is the most remote from u5, causing her convexity on that side, together with the ascertained fact that her centre of gravity is on the o'ther side of the centre of her circumference, and the probability that there are humidity, atmosphere, vegetation, and, possibly, inhabitants there. If the moon had axial rotation the pro. jectile force would take equal effect on the whole of her surface; she would be a spheroid oblate at the poles, and the6e phenomena, discovered by the German astronomers, would be deprived of the support they derive from her a-ial im mobilit-. If Iam in error in mylbumble effort to correct what appears to me to be a faLacy well worth removing, I shall be grateful to any one who sets me right by relevant reason. ing; but, at present, I confess that I am conscions only of the mistake of supposing that a question of science muight now, even in England, be treated with candour and debatea with temper. 7 T - rr R;_ --7;n -:P.A- JELLNGER SYMON9. April 12. P.S. MIr. Hopkins apprizes me that he has already nupported the samen view as myself in his well-known werk -an geology.
XAYAL AND MILITABY IYTELLIGENCEE. The review of the fleet at Spithead by the Queen is ordered to take place on the 23d inst. (St. George's-day). Her Majesty will arrive at Gosport from London at 11, and will leave on her return at 5. The following naval aidesde-camlp are summoned to attend Her Majesty on the occasion :-Adniral Sir William Parker (first and principal), G.C.B., Commander-in-Chief at Devonport ; Capt,tin Sir Baldwin Walker, K.C.B., Surveyor of the Navy; Captain the Marquis Townshend: t'aptain Lord George Paulet, C.B.; Captain Lord. Edwnrd Russell, C.B; Captain Henry J. Codrin&a., C.B., of Her Mtajesty's ship Algiers; Captain S; Thomas Maitland, C.B., of Her Majesty's ship Excelle'te; Comiecdore the Hon. F. T. Pelham, C.B., Captain RC the Flet; Captain George Elliot, of Her MIRsesty's sLip James Wttt; Captain Robert Smart, .HR., Svtperintondmt of Pemrbroke Dockyvard. To-morrow evening tte Lordsof the Adesdxalty will arrive at Portsmouth, a4d en Wednesday molnirng will order the fleet throtugi the evolutions intended to be performedonthe 23d. The foUowing-ships .nd vesseis vcre at the anchorage vesterdv:- And about 60 gunboats. The Eurotas, Sparrowhawk, Lizard, Porcupirne, and the gunboats Lively, Erne, Delight, and Mackerel arrived on Saturday from the eastw, ard; the Prometheus arrived in the nig,ht from the Thames; and the Shamnrock, Bouncer, Drake, and Traveller gunboats yesterday. A vast number of excursionists visited Portsmouth yesterday by the South-Western and South Coast Railm ays. The followving notice has been published by the Port Admiral - " NOTICE. "BY -C03LMNS-D OF TBE LORDS CO031311SSIOERS OF T£E ADn£1RALTY. "-Steamers, sailingwessels, and boats are not to attempt to cross the line of the ships of war about to be reviewed on the 23d inst., nor on any account to pass between the columns; nor are they to occupy any part of the mall-of-war channel between Spithead and St. Helen's during the evolutions. " Steamers are to keep to leeward of the columns or ships in the order of sailin, gas their smoke might prevent signals being quickly noticed, thereby causing accident. " Vessels are not on any account to pass to windwlard of the Royal Yacht if it can be possibly avoided. "Masters of vesssels must be aware that the evolutions of EO large a number of men-of-war require a considerable space, and they ale therefore to steer accordingly, and not close in to interrupt the evolutions. They themselves will alone -be answerable should any accident occur. " GEORGE F. SEVMOUR, "Vice-Admiral, and Commander-in-Chief. "Victory, in Portsmouth harbour. April 9, 1S56." The following regulations have been issued respecting .-ppointments -to the Royal Artillery, and admissions to the practical class of the Royal Military A^cademy:- An examination for provisional commissions in the Royal Artilery will conunlence on Monday, the 30th of Jume, at Kings College, -Strand. About 20 appointments will be made, supposing a sufficient number of competent persons to present themselves. The candidates must be between the ages of 20 .and 23 years, and those appointed wvill be gazettedc to Eleutenancies in the Royal Artlllery in the first instance, 'with temporary rank. They will be placed for instruction for about six months underthe Director of Artillery Studies -t Woolwich, and on completing their course to the satisfaction-of the Secretarv of State forWar will receive permanent counnissions witl the date of their temporary appoint*ment. They wilU receive the pay of their rank (viz., 5s. 7d. icr-dicnz) fron the date of their names appearing in the Ga:ctte, but vill be required to contribute a deposit of 201. for the nurcha-e of books, instruments, &c. At the same time, provided a sufficient number are foiuid competent, about 30 admissions will be made to the practical class of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, the candidates for which miust be between the ages of 17 and 20 years. It is expected that gentlemen admitted will remain under instruction for six or eight months, and at the end of that period wvill, on passing a satisfactory examination, receive counmissions in the Royal ArtiUlery and Royal Engineers, according to their proficiency. They will be required to paya contribution of 621. 10s. for the time duringwhich they remain at the academy. The appointments in both these classes will be detennined by the result- of a competitive examination. The days and subjects of examination will be as follows, viz. -Iucsday- July I -. Pure mathematics .. . . 2,000 marksWednesday, July 2.. -'dIxed mathematics-i. c., statics, dynamics, and hydrostatics .- 1,50 - Thursday,.Jul,-3 . Language, literature, geography, and history of ancient Bome .. 1,000 - ri!lay. July 4 .. Do., do., do., of Ancient Greece 750 - Saturday, July .. Do. dlo., do., of France .. .. 1.,C0 - Mlonday, July 7 . Do., do., do., of Germany *. * -5 The examina':on in French and German will be both written and -i-lad re. TuEsda;'JulyS .. English language, literature, com- position, history, and geography 1,250 marks. lVednrsd0y, July .9 Experimental sciences,-i. e.. cliy- mistry, heat, electricity, inelud- ing magnetian .. .. .. 1.000 - Tiurzsday, July 10 .. '2Nlural scienc.s, mineralogy, nod geology .* .. .. 750 _Fxiday, July 11 .. -loral and political sciences . .1,00 - Saturday, July 52.. Drawing, i.e., Elementary Geo- -metrical Drawving, including the Use of drawing instruments, ;and,cither machinery, arcihitectun1l, engiueering, or landscape Lm-adng .. .. .. .. 750 - The examination wvill commence on each of these days at 10 o'clock in the rmornng and continue until 1 o'clock. It will reconsmence at 2 o'celock and continueuntil&. No canididate wilI be admitted after the hour flixed for the coninencement of the examination. Every candidate mst hbe-examined in pure mnathematies, and no one who does not. obtain at least one-fifth of the marks allotted to that subject will be eligible for an appointmuent. F:rom the other subjects of examination eacrl candidate may select those in which lae dsires to be examined, but no one will be. allowed to count the marks gained in any subject unIless those Marks shall at least amount to one-s2ixth of-the total number of marks allotted to that subject. Every candidate must transmit to the War Department, Pall-mall, by the7 -th of June ne.xt . 1. An emtract from the register of his baptism, or, in default of that, a certif cate vesified-Iy affidavit. 2. A certificatofgeodmoralchrzacter, signedbyaclergyman of -the parish to which he belongs, and by the tutor or head.of the school or college at whiv h he has received his edlication forat least tvro years, .or-Tsch other proof of.oed maoral character as will -e satisfactoryto the Secretary of State 3. A-satement of the subjects of e:amination in which (inaddit`.n to pure mnaehematies)he -may desire to be ezanined. Xll candidates msust present themuselves at King's College en S-onday, the 30th of Jun., at 1 o'cloc' p. m., wvhere they wil suveralir be inspected by military sua-eons, in order to scertain that they .are free fv;un any- bodi2y defects or ail.ments calcuiltel to interfere vuth -the. perfqxrmance of military dutics. U. ,R. DREWRY. War Departmrent, Pail-mall, Angil l . IUcr LMajesty's steam troopship Xfe.Tcra, G, Commander John 0. Jolnson, arrived at Spithe.ac.at 5.o'clek yesterday oaternoon from th3 Black Sea, Malta, rnd Gilzaltar. She broungt home two naval invalids, }l seaman from tile Pride of the Sea, two from the Enteryric, and two from the Red Itover, lo-t in the Black Sea. The Blegwra has been Eve years in commissioa, she left Spithead on her Lust voyage on the 2'th of April, 1854; since then she has been employrid excluiively in the Black Sea, and I s been, generallys-eaking, a renarkably healthy vessel. She made the greater part Qf the passage home under canvas, her machinery, l oilers, &c., being in a very defective state, but she will aam'e *ery well for the accoumuodation of the privileged at the foxtieomirng Teview, being a clapacious vessel of 1,400 tons. The London, 'J0, Captain IV. R. Jervis, was towed by the Confiance and Zephyr from Hlamoaze into Plymouth Soi,nd on Saturday. She is appointed to sail to-day for Spitl)ead, and wi probably be accompanied by the paddle. wheel-stean frifgte Vulture, G, Captain F. H. Glasse. The cooper of the Calcutta, 84, Captin aW. K. Hall, having been examrnued and repaired, she was taken out of the basin Jdock at Devcnport on Saturday. Her crew got up lower yards and topn.Yasts, and pointed topgalitmasts thle same ly. Time crew of the sc,,'ew steamnship Centurion, 81, Captain W. j. -Wilhianms, at Kieyham, bent sails on Saturday. She will be tken out of dock ',-day, and will go into Plymouth `omind jto-worrow. the -idgeon and Myrtle pa?dlewheel steatuvessels arrivCA A Shieeress on Saturday, each having a new niotar vessel i.n }w, from the river Thames. The new, alW tar vesels Nos. 46 and 47, built by Mfessrsj{axvey amsd CO. ef IpSwillb, now fitting 4 8hliigs1 aze ordered to be hastencd, to enable them to be got ready for joining the squadron at Spithead. I Considerable ilDprovements are being made at Sheerness to make the 'workshops complete in every respect for the i preparation of steam engine machinery similar to t'nat formerly tixecuted at the Woolwich factory. Trie Wooden mortar vessels, Nos. 53 and 54, of much rlore 'formidable dimensions than those hitherto brought to ebl1wich, were on Friday towed up from the factory of 3&ssrs. Briggs, of Sunderland, by the Eagle tugboat, an& .?ere forwarded thence on the following day to Sheerress, 'to be miasted and rigged for serice. The 18-inch mortar, landed at Woolvwich Arsenal a few days ago from Liverpool, is to be despatched to. day to Shoeburyness, to be submitted to a series of experiments, it being the intention of I the authorities of the proof department to put the SNova I Scotia iron of which the mortar is cast to a thorough test. 'rhe steam tug Monkey, 130-horse polver, Second-Master George Syndercombe, arrived at Woolwich oea Saturday morning from Sheerness, bringing 70 supernuneraries of the fleet. These were immediately distributed en board the gunboats Procris, Spanker, Grappler, and Thrasher, which soon afterwards left for Greenhithe. These vessels are all stored and equipped for three months' service, and are to join the squadron at Portsmouth. The paddlewheel steam vessel Kite, 3,170-horse power, having undergone thorough repairs, is again in perfect service order. She has been commissioned by Secona Master Alfred Joseph Veitch temporarily, and is to proceed to Portsmouth. Her Majesty's freight ship Emma Eug6nie, Captain M'Cleiland, arrived at the new pier off Woolwich arsenal onFriday evening, with No. 3 company 5th battalion of the Royal Artillery under the command of Captain Hill and Lieutenant Strange. They were medically attended by Staff-Assistant-Surgeon J. A. Laing, and consisted of 56 non-cosunsissioned officers and gunners, 12 women, and 19 children. The Emma Eugenie likewise brought home seven invalids of the 36th and 10th regiments, who oroceeded on Saturday to Fort Pitt barracks at Chatham under the commandof Captain Hill and Dr. Laing. ShessailedfromJamaica on the 5th of February, and experienced heavygales for some days at the commencement of her voyage, the wind veering from thesouth-west to north-east, occasioning heavy squalls, which continued until the 19th. She arrived on the 29th of March at linsale, and sailed on the 5th of April for Woolwich. No casualties occurred during the voyage, with the exception of the death of one woman from consumption. One birth likewise took place. The steamer Antelope was on Saturday morning paid off at WYoolwich Dockyard. Two more gunboats will be launched by Mr. John Laird from his Birkenhead building yard on Saturday next. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:- Jobn Pooley, to be assistant-paymaster to the SanspareilAlfred Whiflin, to be assistant-paymaster to the Hawvke; Thomas J. T. Wood, to be assistant-paymaster to thle Osprey; Francis Woods, to be assistant-paymaster to the Alacrity. On Saturday last an inspection of the several depots under orders for embarcation to join the head-quarters of their respective regiments took place at Chatbam, by Colonel Jerv.s, coinnandant of the provisional battalion. The depots of the following regiments appeared on the paradeground-viz., the 5th Northumberland Fusileers, umder the command of Captain W. Lyons; the 12th Regiment, the depot of which is iunder the command of Brevet-Major F. G. Hamley; the 26th Cameronians, under tile command of Captain W. Mosse; the 37th Regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Armstrong; and tho 40th and 45th Regiments, in charge of Captain J. Goff. The men appeared in their new uniform and were in heavy marclhing order. The 5th Fusileers will embark for the Mauritius, the 37th Regiment for Ceylon, and the 4.5th for the Cape of Good Hope. On Saturday afternoon the whole of the troops belonging to the Royal Engineers' establishment at Chatham, under the direction of Colonel Sandham, R.E., were engaged in siege operations of a highly interesting character. The experiments took place at the practising ground connected with the Royal Engineers, near the Casemate Barracks, St. Mary's, and were conducted with the view of showing in what manner masses of troops can defend themselves when opwosed to an enemy in the field. Excavations had been made, and earthworks thrown up by the troops belonging to the Royal Sappers and Miners to illustrate the various modes of defence when engaged in an open or enemy's country. Several excavations had also been made for the purpose of showing the utility and advantage of rifle-pits. During the siege operations some mines, v-hich had been prepared to illustrate the practical working of the experiments, were fired in a successful manner, the force of the explosions scattering the earthworks and the balks of timber with which they had been covered. The troops belonging to the Sappers and Miners engaged in the siege works were under the direction of Captain Fitzroy Somerset, R.E. The following circular memorandum has been issued by the Horse Guards, dated April 7?- "As boys authorized to be enlisted for the eavalry and infantry of the line are entitled to a 'free kit,' under the provisions of the Royal wvarrant of the 22d of January last, it is to be understood that the bounty of 2/. 2s., formerly allowed for their equipment, with necessaries, is discon- MILITIA. The Galway militia, about 500 strong, under the comsmand of Lieutenant-Colonel the Earl of Clancarty, embarked at Liverpool on Saturday for Galway in the screw steamship Andes, wlhich, after disembarking them at Dublin, wil proceed to the Crimea to bring home troops. The Alps also sailed for the Crimea from Liverpool on Saturday.
ALARM OF FIRE AT DRURY-LANE THEIE T - Early yesterday morning there was an alarm of fire at Drury-lane Theatre, which arose under the folloving circumstances :-It appears that at the concilsion of the performances on Saturday night, the commnittee of the theatre, according to previous arrangement, arrived upon the stage for the purpose of witnessing some experiments with Phillips's patent fire annihilators, in order to test their ap- licability in case of fire occurring within the huilding MrO urtis, the secretary of the Annihilator Company, some of his men, and a number of machmnes were taken upon the stage, wvhile the hands employed in the theatre were in other parts of the house, to he ready to assist in case anytIming should arise to demand their services. The performances commenced with a trial between the patent handpump, such as is used by the fire brigade, and one or two small annihilators, to see which could most quickly extinguish the lights burning in the battens over the stage. These battens are about 40 feet high, and have each a great number of perforations to allow the gas to escape so as to illuminate the top of the stage and " borders." Three firemen, named Samuel Girrard, John Jones, and J. Webster, were engaged worlsdng the hand pumps and discharging water over the gas jets to ascertain which wvould most eftectually extinguish the flame. The water from the pumps for some timeC appeared to prove of greater advantage than the small n machines, when it was proposed byMr. Curtis, thesecretary, that one of time larger machines, drawn upon two whees, should be tried. This vas accordingly done, and the carriage having been placed near the centre of the stage, a large iron funned, 1 feet in length, was attached for the parpose of assisting the vapour to reach the gas burning in the battens. The signal having -been given, the man in chargeofthe annihilator broke thebottle containing the acid, which ignited the conmposition, and the vapour commenced to.escape, but in a few seconds the funnel, thr4ugh which .the gas generated in ite machine was passing, blew off, and wassprojected up to the flies and lodged under the bridge of the stage in a heatedetate. At the same time .he ,ea or lid of :the annihilator was blown off, which knock-ed down the manhaving-charge. f the apparatus, and passed by hixn to a distance of 35 feet The macbaine then threw up suoh a vast body of fire that rev'ry one in the theatre apprehended its entire destruction. Florturately, the firemen had taken the precaution to have their engines phleed upon the.stage and ehargedNwith ivater, and they were thieefore enabled without the least.delay to render assistance. So great was the concussion causoe by the explosion, tiat another annihilator standig on the stage rolled av,way, and having broken the iron and glss of five of the floats, it fell into the orchestra, demolishing one of the music-stands and upsetting the seats. This so alarmed the conunittee that they rushed out into the stre, and a cry of " fire" was at once given, which caused the engines to arrive in the course of a few minutes. The firemen connected vith the theatre, however, managed to get the fire subdued, and before any great damage was done, the only part that was burnt through the surface of the woodwork eing a beam under the bridge of the first tier of flies The man who had charge of the machine was severely burnt by the force of steam that escaped when the explosion took place. Mr. Tucker, the master carpenter, was also burnt in his hands by the rush of steam. A man named Watson was lik-ewise badly burnt, and was taken by Lyons, the gasman, to the hospital, but was soon enabled to return home. As to the precise cause of the explosion nothing positive could be ascertained, but it is supposed that tlse lid or- top of the maelhine could not have been properly rivetted i og, as the machines are invariably strong enousgh to bear the fe-re of the charge they contain. POPICE El XPENSES AND THE CONSOLIDATED Ftn. -Th .following important passage occurs inl the quarterly report of Captain G. Black-, chief constable for N\Torfolk, presented at the quarter sessions held for that county on Endayy:-"'I have to inform the Court that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have nowv objected to pay any expenses that may be incuried prior to the committal of a nritoa:er for trial at the assizes, upon the ground thatno suC charge is admissible in the account of sums to be repaid from thlo consolidated f-nd for criminal prose- I cutions. Those expen.ses consist almost exclusively of the police charges for the apprehension, convevance, lodg !ig, aind maintenance of pr sol:ers upon their arrest and dur wg remand. The actual expentiture will, therefore, have to fall in a great measure upon the rates of the county." CO.TMMTATION OF SEn,o;xE--Wal1 and Cayr the two men left at Liverpool to be h,2uged for the murder of a seaman by strangulation, hav had v?emr sentence compunted q transpofi3tjpn for life.
DESSTTUCTION OF VAUXHALL RAILWAY STATION. The Vaxtibill Railway Station was totally destroyed by fire last evening. At e quarter-past 8 o'clock the ordinary business of the station was proceeding, and pa3sengers were in the act of booking themselves for the suburban down-trains, when a Sschien alarm of fire arose, and the sane instant it was dis'covered that a small anteroom adjoining thebooking-office, end used by the clerk in charge, was in flames. In a very few moments the fire had extended to the booking-office itself, and so remarkably rapid was its progress that the officials preseRt, so far from being able to stay its ravages, were compelled to make a hasty retreat. From the booking-office, vhich was situated upon a level with the railway immediately adjoining the down line, the fire spread rapidly to the platform, and within five minutes after the outbreak the flames had nearly encircled the station on the down side. A Twickenham train passed through after the fire broke out, and was followed by a Windsor train, which actualy stopped to set dovn passengers while the station was in flames, the rapidity of the fire having prevented the officials from signalling all trains to stop. Mr. Godson, traffic manager at Nine Elms, was fortunately on the spot when the fire occurred, and under his direction the most active measures were taken for the prevention of accident. Messengers were despatched to Waterloo to stop the departure of all down trains, and the up trains were turned off into the Nine Elims station. Meantime the fire continued to spread in every direction, until the whole station was enveloped in flames. The roof soon fell, and the intense heat from above and below had the effect of fusing and curling up the metals, so as to render it impossible to carry on the traffic last night. Arrangements were accordingly made to convey the mail bags and passengers in omnibuses from Waterloo to Nine Elms, to vhich station all passengers for Richmond and Windsor wvere also directed. Beyond a delay of some couple of hours, no inconvenience arose, and not the slightest accident of any kind occurred. Mr. Beattie, locomotive superintendent, Mr. Crombie, the Secretary, and Mr. Young, superintendent at Waterloo, were all at Vauxball shortly after the fire broke out, where their presence had the best effect in allaying the apprehen. sions of the passengers and their friends. At 10 o'clock several gangs of platelayers were at work, under the direction of Mr. Beattie, who assured the reporter that the line would be in perfect readiness for the up mail this morning, and that no interruption whatever in the traffic from Waterloo would take place. The fire is believed to have been occasioned in some way or other by the gas.
OFFICIAL RPEo-).T TO THE EDITOR OF THE T=IES. Sir,-I regret to have to annoance that the buildings of the Vauxbiall station of this company have been this evening entirely destroyed by fire, fortunately without loss of life or personal injury. I have the satisfaction to state that, after a careful examination, the permanent way has been found to be uninjured, and the only inconvenience therefore to the public will be the temporary cessation of the stoppage of any trains at Vauxhall until the necessary accommodation can be provided. I ami. Sir. vour obedienAt servant L. CROMBIE. Secretarv Waterloo.bridge Station, Sunday, 32 p.m.
THE DEBATE N EDUC-Tiox.-Tvo conclusionIs of vast significance must force themselves upon the mind of every attentive reader of the debate in the House of Commons concerning the resolutions of Lord John Russell on national education,-first, the absolute unanimity of feeling among men of all sects and parties in favour of education itself; and, secondly, their hopeless differences when they come to any practical measure involving the interference of law or Government. Now, these two conclusions affordthe strongest confirmation of the view that the intervention of public authorities in the education of the people is not desirable. What all approve is sure to be done wvithout interference; and what all dispute aboust must be an improper subject for interference. Nor is it merely a cusestion of speculation; it is one involving conscience, religion, and freedom. It is as clear as the sun at noon-day that no possible measure could be framed which would not at one point or other wound the consciences and outrage the convictions of a majority of those who spoke in the debate on Thursday night ; and if of them, consequently of the parties and Casses whom they represent in the nation. On the other side, it is equaUy clear and certain that all who thus spoke would practicaUy promote education in the way of which their own judgment andconscience approved. The case of Manchester illustrates what we have now said. In that city, four years since, 40,000 ratepayers petitioned against the Secular Education Bill, and 60,000 inhabitants petitioned against the Local or Religious Education Bill; and each party alleged conscientious objections to the plans of the opposite party! Yet both the secular and religious edticationiists are exerting themselves powerfuUy in their respective spheres to educate the people. Now, this diversity of opinuon on religious and educational questions may have its disagreeable aspect. But, in the first place, there it is, and no humnan power can alter it; and, in the next place, it is attended with several advantages which may reconcile us to it, if they do not even sbow that it is attended with a preponderance of good over evil. Atdam Smith has argued unanswerably that varieties of religious opinion, if not unwisely interfered with by the State, positively tend to maintain the social hal ance and the interests of civil freedom. And so diversities of operation in the educational work give to that work itself an impulse it would not otherwvise have, and conduce to the healthy vigour of the national character. It is a superficial view that unifornmity is either attainable or desirable in the schooling of a free people. In our ecclesiastical annals the Act of tUniformity was the chief parent of our nonconformity; and any attempt on the part of the State to drill our schools into regimental order would plunrte us into the utmost disorder and strife. As to helping ttena, the best help wfill be found in keeping "jhands(off." Instead of taxing the people for their education, leave the money in their pockets and let them spend it themselves. This is undeniably the cheapest way; and we believe it is by far the best. It leaves to parents the duty which God lias inposed upon them, together with all the means of discharging te ds to possessed by a highly taxed people. Ic eaves tChristian bodies of every name the opportunity of offering their kind assistance in the establishment and management of schools, together with the moral and religious influence vhich accompanies their intervention. It equally leaves to all voluntary associations of men the right to offer secular education. If it gives State patronage to none, it does infinitely better-it gives perfect freedom to all. The debate in the House of Commons on Thursday began by a motion of Mir. Henley, that the chairman do leave the chair. This is the Parliamentary method of setting aside the wvhole of lLord Joln Russell's resolutions; and Mfr. Henley found in tlem so much that as objecionable that he took this as the best course. We think it not impossible that this motion may be negatived, for the same reason that opposition to the first reading of a bill seldom succeeds. All who wish for any kind of measure connected with education may conabine to keep in existence the committee of the Honse on that subject. At the same time Mr. Henleys amendment has the great advantae of affording an opportunity for discussing Lord on Russell's plan as a whole, instead of frittering dow.n the debate into details and sections, and though that amendment should be lost, it does not thence follow that Lord John's resolutions will be carried. Lord John Russell, Sir John Pakington, and Mr. W. J. Fox will all go into the same lobby against Mr. Henley, but as soon as their first step is gained they will part company and march off in different directions. It is not known (at the time of our writing) what course the Government will pursue. They may possibly decline to support Mr. Henley, lest they shoul(d be accused of acting unhandsomely towards Lord John Russell and zhe subject of education; but, after all, Mr. Henley's is the most manly and straightforward way of meeting a pIan so complex and so objectionable, and we feel confident that Mintisters wiU go a very little way wvith Lord John in liis resolutions.-Lecds A31tc)cury. EXPEEDLENTS LN- GuNEmY.-Some interesting experiments were tried on Saturday at Manchester, with anew rifled brass field'iece, the invention of Mfr. lWhitworth, the well-knowin machine-maker. The casting of the nietal had taken place at Woolwich, and was of the dimensions ordinarily used for 24-pounder howNitzers, having whlat is termed a polygonal spirai bore of 4 inches. Iron shot were used, ,of a form termed polygonal conoidal, the length of 32-pound balls being ll- inches, and that of 48-pounders being 16A inches. The experiments were made by men of the Royal Artillery, under the direction of Colonel Griffin and Cap. tain.Campbell of that force. Lieutenant-Genera] Sir Harry Smith was on the ground durinnthe greater part of the time, and Mr. Westley Richards, who has been superintendlig experinents at the works of Mr. Wlhitworth for some time past, :are his assistance. A laae party of Manchestergen. tlemen were present by invitninnn of Mr. Whitworth, incliuding I. William Fairbairn, B.E. The followinag were the results of the exmerimnta- Iv wIn be seen that the heaviest charge of powder for a 43polud shot, fired at an angle of 45 degrees, was only five ounces, and that the distance at which the ball struck the ground was 735 yards. What distance such a projectile would have been thrown by an ordinary charge of 51,b. or 71b. of powder can only be matter of speculation; but the extent of the practising gr-ound would not admit with safety of any increase of charge. S:ome beautifuL_ochet practice afterwards followed, the results of which appeared to beas highly satisfactory to the scientific gentlemen present as the other. The muzzle of then in these experiments had an elevation of onlv iWv or three degrees. - The last experiment was with- a 4?pounder, having a charge of 4oz. of powder; elevation, 2 deearees; the first shot grazed the earth at a distancv of 8O'yards, and never rose to a height of more than three to four faet. CRYSTA PALACE.-FIvE Sau}xG DAY, April 12.-Adnissions on paymernt, 2P7, ditto by season tick-ets, ?,6; total rs-tcItg, 2,878.
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD. ARmIL 13. In a Convocation held yesterday (Saturday) at 2 o'clock two new members of council were elected in the places of the Professor of 3Moral Philosophy, who has resigned hlis professorship and his seat in the council, and of the Rev. J. Mozley, who is leaving the University. The candidates for the vacant seats were the Rev. Dr. Maebride, Lord Almioner's Reader in Arabic, and the Rev. Dr. Jacobson, Regius Professor of Divinity, for the professor's seat; and the Rev. J. T. Randolph, of Merton CoUege, and the Rev. W. Hedley, of University College, for the master's seat. At the end of the voting the numbers were declared to be -for the Rev. Dr. Jacobson, 71; for Dr. Macbride, 69; for the Rev. J. T. Randolph, 74; and for the Rev. W. Hedley, 68. The University having been requested to accept the sum of 1,2001. more or less, raised by voluntary subscription for the purpose of establishing two prizes im memory of Ihe late Dr. Thomas Gaisford, Dean of Christ Church, and Regius Professor of Greek, under the following conditions - 1. That the prizes be in number two, of equal value, for Greek composition, one in pros9, the other in verse; the latter to be recited at the Envenia. 2. That the verse prize be for a translation into any of the snetres commonly used in dialogue by the tragic or comnic poets, or for a copy of verses either original or translated in heroic or elegiac metre. 3. That the prose prize be either for an original composition or a translation. 4. That the examiners be the Dean of Christ Church, the Regius Professor of Greek, or two members of Convocation deputed by them severally, and one other member of Convocation appointed annually by the Vice-Chancellor. 5. That the subjects for the prizes be proposed not later than B1ichaelmas Term, and the compositions sent in to the Registrar on or before the faist Saturday of Easter Term; and that al undergraduates who shall on that day have already Icommenced residence, and not completed their 17th term, be allowed to compete for the prizes. 6. That the examiners, after adjudging the orizes of each year, give notice of the subjects and metres of the prizes for the ensuing year. 7. That no person shaU be competent to receive the prize Ieither for poetry or prose mnore than once. In a Convocation to be holden on Thursday next, at 2 o'clock, it will be proposed to accept the donation on the foregoing conditions. If the donation be accepted, it will also be proposed to I add the following regulations.- i1. That the aforesaid sum of 1,2001. be invested in the new Three per Cent. Stock in the name of the chancellor, masters, and scholars. 2. That the dividends arising tlherefrom be paid in equal portions to the two successful candidates. 3. That if, in any case, one only or neither of the prizes i shall lie adjudged, the portion or portions so left iuappro- !priated shall be invested in the same stoc for the future 'augmentation of the prizes. 4. That each candidate on sending in his composition to !the registrar shall also send in a sealed note, bearing on jthe outside the same motto whlich he has given to his composition, and containing within it his name and the name of his college or ball, together vith the day of his matriiculation, and that of the commencement of his residence. IR. L. COTTON, Vice-Chancellor. Delegates'-room, April 11. The Sedleian Professor of ;Natural Philosophy (Mr. Price3 proposes to give a course of lectures on Attractions and the Iynamies of a Material Particle, at the Lecture-room in the I Clarendon, on Tuer.days, Thursdays, and Saturdays, at 1 o'clock ; and will begin on Thursday, April 17. The Regius Professor of Modern History proposes to deliver a course of lectures in the Sheldonian Theatre " On the Dynastic and Miltary IHistory of England from the Fifth to the Twelfth Century." The course will commence on Wednesday, the 7th of MHay, at 2 o'clock p.m., and wil lre continued at the same hour on every succeedin" Wednesday and Friday. The Regius Professor of Divinity (Dr. ,iacobson) Kroposes to begin a course of public lectures on Thu.sday, tne 24th inst., at 1 o'clock, at Christ Church. These lectures are intended for students of Clivinity who iave passed their examination for the degree of B.A. in the LitcsYe Humasesio-ecs school. The Professor requests those who desire to atteivd to deliver in their names to him, with a written recomnme.'idttion either from the governor of their college or from their titor, cn Wednesday, the 23d inst. Sw-xgED HRlIo.-rCo SOCo-IL_osta's Oratorio Elf wiU be again performed at Exeter-haU on the 25th inst. Madame Vijrdat Garcia will arrive from Paris to resume the part of " Samuel" in the oratorio, as at Birmingham; the other priteipal vocalists being ,)gdame Ca1ra k9yello, X:, A1PrS I?eeYC, and Jerr ie o=es.
THE BAND IN KENSINGTON-GABDENS. long before the hour yesterday at which it was known that the band of the Royal Horse Guards Blue were, by order of the authorities, to play in Kensington-gardens, an immense concourse, of people had assembled. To judge from the aspect presented by the-gardens and the park adjacent. there might have been-somethinglike 50,000. It waspleasing to watch the orderlyaudwell-dressed crowd-the -humblest in their holyday suits-to observetheir decorous behaviour, and to mark their quiet enjoyment, at one and the same time, of the fresh air, the trees, begiuning to assume their spring attire, and the music-such as the music was. What harm was there in this ? Was it not better, after the hours devoted to worship, to combine the enjoined repose with health andharmlessrelaxationthanto pass theremainder of the day incloseandpent-upchambers, togetherwiththenarcotiesolace of tobacco, which, in spite of every precaution ingenuity can devise, wil always be accompanied by that other solace of "the glass 9" Were the birds, and the trees, and the green grass, and the air of heaven, all made for nothing 2-or, ! like the rest of nature's blessings, for our enjoyment? And howmany, in this huge city of labour and toil, are onlyat liberty to enjoy them on one day in the week-two-andSfty times in the long year i Now that Government has turned a deaf ear to those who would deprive the people of rational pleasure on the solitary day of Tecreation which is allowed them, we cannot but think it might be turned to better purpose. The music, which is the point d'appui of these enormous r6unions in KIensington-gardens, has hitherto been really below par. Last year it was indifferent enough, but this year it is considerably worse. The arrangements, to begin with, are on a scale of poverty totally at variance with the praiseworthy object inview. The band is, as it were, pounded in a space so confined, that the musicians are fairlyedgedin bythe crowd. Theplatform,which constitutes theorchestra, is so low that, exceptby those in its immediate vicinity, nothing can be seen but the red caps of the players, while the sound cannot by any means penetrate through that dense phalanx. A raised pavilion, as at the Brussels fdtea, could be constructed at a trifling expense, so as to render the orchestra visible, and the mnsic audible everywhere within reasonable distance. This would obviate the necessity of thronging round the place, to the inconve nience of all, the danger of many, and the semi-suffocation of the majority. To criticize such a performance as that of yesterday may seem out of place; nevertheless, from a general point of view, we cannot refrain from condemning it as altogether unworthy. Such an audience as was assembled merited and was perfectly able to understand a far better class of entertainment. The piece3 executedwere, forthe most part, sorry trash, while the performance itself was almost beneath mediocrity. We are not of the genus " tight-laced ;" yet we are compelled to suggest that a series of waltzes, galops, and polkas was not precisely the programme suited to such a special occasion. In opposing bigotry let us avoid presenting the bigot with arguiments against us. We are not here going to touch on the vexed questionof Classical and popular art. ThE music, since it is addressed to a vast mixed audience should be of a character rather popular than grave, but not altogether so commonplace as to invite a sneer even from those who are warmest in advocacy of a cause against which Sir Benjamin Hall has manfully declined to oppose the weight of his authority. At present we shall say no more about the quality of the music, or the style of the nerformance, although both afforded materials for criticism anything but flattering. We trust that the hints we have given wil be taken in good part, and that those in command will not persist in the serious error of imag-ining that anything is good enough for the people. Not to mention any other item in the programme, the fantasia, with variations, on Scotch melodies, besides being in itself incoherent, exhibited for the greater part a carelessness or, perhaps, an incompetency which was little creditable to those concerned, since it wore the appearance of indifference where indifference was without excuse. The concert terminated with the French and English national airs precisely at 6 o'clock. The refreshments in the pavilion were in great request, and though rather dear, left no cause for complaint in respect to quality. Not the least remarkable incident of the day's proceedings was the ready obedience paid by the masses to that polite inv.itation from the Board of Works, which was posted on all the large trees, against smoking near the music platform or the refreshment-room. After all, a London crowd knows very well under gentle pressure how to behave itselL
SACRBD HARMONIC SOCIETY. The last performance of AUzah was accompanied by the reappearance of Herr Formes at Exeter-hall, after a long absence. In spite of certain inequalities which mark the singing of tis gentleman, and his greater excellence in slow pieces than in quick, it is indisputable that the music which Mendelssohn has placed in the mouth of the Prophet has never hitherto enjoyed the advantage of a voice more magnificent, or a reading more solemn and impressive. For these reasons we must consider the Elijah of the German bazso is without a rivaL It has faults, both of style and execution-is at times exaggerated, at times too loud, at times unfinished. But these inaccuracies are redeemed by so snany excellencies, and by a conception so large and entirely in the spirit of the w ork, that they are forgotten in the general impression. The other principal singers were UMadame Clara Novello, Miss Dolby, Miss Bassano, and. Mr. Sims Reeves. Mr. Costa's oratorio of E7 is to be given (for the fourth time) on Friday, the 25th.
THE SA-um's HospiTA.-The anniversary festival of this beneficent institution, established 35 years ago for sick and diseased seamen of all nations, on board the Dreadnought, moored off Greenwich, and of which Her Majesty is the Patroness, was held at the London Tavern on Saturday evening, at which about 80 gentlemen were present, Sir Charles Wood, MP., the First Lord of the Admiralty, acting as Chairman, including, among others, Vice-Admiral Bowles, Colonel Greene, Mr. Atherton, ALP., Mr. WiUlcox, ALP., Mr. Bolt, M.P., Captain Washington, R.N., Captain Kennedy, R.N., Captain Sykes, 1RN., and Mr. Octavius Ommanney. Of all the munificent charitable foundations of this metropolis-the number and variety of which and their invariable mode of support by voluntary contributions have long elicited the iwonder and admiration of foreigners-this is perhaps the most useful and inestinLable, founded as it is as a perpetual asylum for the especial relief of a class of men to whatever nation they may belong, and whoHly regardless of any other consideration than that of being disabled by sickness or disease, which becomes the immediate passport to a participation in its benefits. It had its origin in the distressed condition of the many hundreds of seamen in the port of London, for want of medical and surgical aid, nearly 40 years ago, augmented as the number was by the return home of a vast body of seafaring men after the peace of 1815; and since its establishment in 1821 to the present time 75,949 sick and diseased seamen, natives of almost every country, have been admitted into the hospital and maintained andtreated medically, fiee of charge, in addition to 41,885 out-patients, making a total of 117,8S, of whom between 60,000 and 70,000 have been from time to time discharged cured, exclusive of a great number who have left convalescent, relieved, or not cured. The nmnber of patients admitted during the past year was 2,130;and the number treated as out-patients 1,650, making together 3,780. The number now on board the hospital ship is 174. During the last year the managing committee has made many additions of books of a cheerful character to the hospital library, which has been further augmented by donations from several religious societies, including copies of the Scriptures in foreign languages, by the British and Foreign Bible Society. By Huer Majesty's command, too, a plentiful supply ot linen has been sent for hospital purposes, besides a liberal donation in money. Lady Rodd and the United Service Club have made presents of a similar kind. The number of foreign seamen admitted into the hospital has also been liberally recognized by the Emperor of the French, the Queen of Spain, and the King of Hanover. Sir Charles Wood, in giving the toast of "The Army and Navy," adverted to the wide-srpread feeling of regret throughout the naval profession of the country, that during the recent war with Russia they had never had anything like a fair opportunity of showing their prowess, which feeling had been made more intense by the conclusion of a treaty of peace at the very moment when the wooden walls of England had been raised to a pitch of efficiency and Dower never before knowvn, and of which the country would have a magnificent exhibition in about ten days' time in the forthcoming grand review at Spithead. Subseoiiently, in proposing the toast of the evening, Sir C. Wood described in eloquent terms the merits of the Seamen's Hospital, its humane and merciful mission, and the peculiar claims it had on the liberality and regard of the naval andmaritime population throughouttheworld, and especially of the wealthier classes of the citizens of London; and he announced amid loud cheers that the Lords of the Admiiralty, in answer to a wish on the part of the committee of the hospital, frequently expressed, intended to place at the disposal of the society a three-decker about 600 tons larger than the Dreadnought for the purposes of the hospital. Vice-Admiral Bowles and Colonel Greene responded to the toast of the Army and Navy. The amount subscribed in the course of the evening was nearly 9001., including 103 guineas from Her Majesty, and liberal subscriptions from the Emperor of the French, the King of Hanover, the Queen of Spain, and the Trinity House. The band of the Coldstream Guards, under the direction of Mr. Godfrey, played a selecton of appropriate music during dinmer, which was varied by a vocal entertainment by Mtessrs. Genge, Ransford, Young, and Perrcn. Mltr. Hi6gg was toastmaster. T1aB TIALl oF AV EJA3 PALMER.-The new act to empower the Court of Queen's Bench to order certain offenders to be tried at the Central Criminal Courtis now in force, having received the Royal assent on Friday; under this act, which contains 24 sections, William P'almer, now in Stafford Gaol, will be removed to Newgate for trial. The indictment will be transmitted to the Central Criminal Court, and at the commencement of term the Court of Queen's Bench will make an order in reference to this particular case. When any such order is made under the act {he prisoner will be forthwith removed to London. Rules are to be made to effect the purposes of the act. Among the provisions is. one that any person convicted may be sentencad to be punished either in the county where the offence may be committedor ewr tin the JXuiJ:iction of the gentria QiM!n(J gonrt,
Sr. MARTfUSVHALL. The third of MIr. liuflau's orch,tral concerts WAS distinguished by the appearance of a new English singer, Miss Sherrington, whose talent has been cultivated abroad. chiefl,y, we believe, inHlioland and Belgiun. JMiss SherrinWl ton had. already 3mad'e her couzP 1'asai at a concert Of UO! Amateur Musical Society3, burt her dCbta in publict mnust be considered to have taken place oin Saturayd. She sang twice, and, had her design been to showr the .audience in what sort of mnusic she was a *rolcintandinwhat an absolute novice, she- could. u. Thetwo pieces selected wera "Roert to qu j'ixn," ndthe cavattne of Aanina in thefirst act or La Sonnaadnda. The well-known sC--n or leverbeer 'vas delhvered with feeling and discretior, all the phrases being well balanced and the cadences finished and. satisfactory. Thi,joined tothc charmthatinvariablyattaches to a beautiful voice, entirely at comrmand of the singer could not fail to charm, in spite of an occasional glimpse. of exaggerated expression after the French manner. The, sopraio of Mlss Sherrington (like its owner) poss3sses what our neighbours term the dist dur diabfc-the beauty oE youth and freshness-and the impression she made noro her audience was mauifested in the loudest applause, accom. paired by a general demand for a repetition of the sonv whichiwas atoncecomplied withbythe ddbut&anc. TreItalia Crcliaz was altogether beyondthe means ofthesinger-afact of wvhich, indeed, Miss Sherrington appeared conscions, since the almost theatrical self-possession which accompanied. her first attemptcompletely abandonedher; and hardly a passage was accomplished with that neatness and aplormi, in the absence of which such florid and' elaborately' ornamental music is not to be tolerated These remarks are meant in kinduess; and, did we not perceive ilL MIiss Sherrington qualities that justify a hope of her ultimately reaching excellence through the aid oE serious and unremitting study, they would not have beexlo made at alL. Such promise as hers must not be riipped in thehbud by injudicious praise or indiscriminate flattery. The audience was more numerous than at either 'oE the previous concerts, and seemed to enjoy the symuhonv -:Mendelssohn's in A major (the '-Italian")-swith. genuine heartiness. The andante conl flwto mD)minor, better ex:ecuted than any other p.art of the work, 'was encored. EBqually 'well appreciated by the "shilling1 public" w.as Pd. Sainton's very masterly perEormance, of Beethoven's violin concerto-a composition 'whicb, though not many years ago rejected as impracticable, has~. gradually attained the widest popularity. It was consolinoto listen to the unanimous plaudits bestowed upon eacg movement of this great and original work. The other singer was Mr. Sims lleeves, 'who is in high favour.- at these concerts, and 'was compelled to repeat both his songs. 'The first encore wias extraordinary, notwiithstanding the 'admirable singing which es. torted it, since it wams bestowred upon one of the gravest Iand most lengthy of Gluck's declamatory scenes-.the recitative and air of the tenor from lphFigrhie cn Taur*idc. Tho second, however, was sufficiently inte]ligihle. This was awarded to a new, song by MSr. Balfe, a setting of Long.. fellow's w ell-known serenade -racy, vigorous, and thoroughly imbued with the spirit of the poetry-ir! short, one of' tho most successful exhibitions of that. 'vein of natural melody to which its composer is indebted for the large share of popular favour he en,joys. Eat it been 'written expressly for Mr. Rleeves, it could not havo. suited his voice more exactly; and the great pains he evidently took to render it effective were rewarded by a sue. cess not less flattering to the singer than to the author. Besides what we have enumerated, the hand played the'overtures to Eitupaidltc and Guillaurne Tel. MIr. lIulilah conducted the whole performance. This was the lougeesb. as well as the best of the three concerts, the repetition oE no less than four, by no means short pieces, prolonginug itsduration to an unusual hour.
TniE A r:niCA MAns.-The Royal mail steamship Arabia, Stone commander, sailed for Boston on Satur- day, having on board 130 passengers, a large cargo of drygoods, and an unusually heavy nail, on account of theArabia taking out replies to the correspondence brought by the Persia and Ercsson. It is probable that the Americau post will not occupy, out and home, longer than 21 days-. i. c., the Persia's letters from New York -will have been received at Liverpool, delivered, and answers transmitted. to and delivered at lNew Yor1k, all 'within 21 days-an instance of Transatlantic despatch never before known. CONSECRATION OF TEE BISHOP oF COIAasr,E.- Yesterday morning the Hon. and Rev. Dr. HenryMontagueViliers, of Christ Church, Oxford, laterector of St. George's, Bloomsbury, was consecrated to the Bishopric of Carlisle, rendered vacant by the death of the Right Rev. Dr. Hugh Percy. The ceremony took place in the Chapel Royal, Whitehalld 'wich was crowded in every part, many of the nobility being present. Prayers 'were read by the Rev. Mr. Jones, and a sermon 'was preached by the Archbishop of York, in 'whose province the diocess of Carlisle is situateL His Grace afterwards went to the altrr where Dr. Vhlliers, vested in a rochet, was presented to him by two suifraganL bishops. The Queen's mandate having been read, and the bishop elect having read the oath touching the acknowledgmnent of the Queen's supremacy, he 'was admitted into the episcopate by the imposition of hands, the Archbishop of Gork sayng, " Receive the loly Ghost for the officad and work of a bishop in the chruh of God now cotmitted unto thee by the imposition of our hand3, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And remember that thou stir up the grace of God. w hich is given thee by this imposition of our hands, for God bath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power, and love, and soberness." Dr. Villiers, who is a brother of the Earl of Clarendon, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and a brother-in-law of Sir G. C.. Lewis, the Chancellor of the Exchequer,will not be entitled to a seat in theElouse of Lords untilavacancv arises in a sae other than Canterbury, York, London, Durham, or Winchester. His Lordship has appointed Mr. Lee, of Queen Anne's Bounty-office, to be his secretary, and the Rev. T.R. Birks, M.A., rectorof Kelshall, to behis examining chaplain. ^ THE Bisaor or No.nvicn.-The health of the Bishop of Norvich has been slowly improving during the past few months. It is now so far re-established tl.at his Lordship has resumed the active duties of his diocess, which his severe and continued indisposition compelled him to relinquish. The right rev' prelate proposes to hold a general ordination, and clso a confirmation, during the ensuin_. miontL. THE SIBTHOItr CowLriCol.-The sale of this coflection of antiquities and works of art, which was resumed on Saturday at Christie and Manson's, included the miodern 'water-colour drawings and pictures, miniatures, and engravings of the deceased Colonel, andattracted a considerable nunber of connoisseurs and dealers. Of the pictures, lot 566, a " View of Lynn Gwynant, North Wales," by T. Creswick, R.A., brought the largest price-namely, 89 guineas. Lot 549, a "Girl with a Bitcher at a Spring," byPoole, H.A., went for 62 guineas. The same pilcture was bought by Colonel Sibthorp at one of the eshibitions for 29S., at a time when the painter was not so well known as now. Lot 541, a small arawing, representing a hawking party, by F. Taylor, was sold for 21 guineas. Lot 559, a " Jar of Raisins, 'with a Mouse," by G. J. Reynolds, fetchled 20 guineas. Lot 5G9, a " Portrait of a Female with a letter," said to be by Ho"arth, 124 guineas. Lot 571L a "Fate Champ8tre," by > oolmer, S5 guineas. Lot 578, "Terriers and a Cat in a Larder," by Arimfield, 261. 10s. Lot 555, "Danao," a beautiful small copy fromn Titiatn, ainted by Rossi, for Sir R. Worsley, -%hen Minister at Kaples, 15I.; and lot 558, "Penelope," and the companion, a pair of ovals on copper, 21A guineas. A couple of small landscapes by Copley Fielding were sold for 9 guineas each; a miniature on ivory of the "Maid of Athens," and a. "Venus sleeping," an enamel, for 131. 15s.; two enamels of "Mary, Queen of Scots," and " Queen Elizabeth," for 171. ids. and 12M. respectively. A copy of "GiUray's Caricatures," in two volumes, brought S!. 10s.; and "H. B.'s Political Sketches,"in six volumes, sold for 117 The produce of the day's sale amounted to 1,019!. 1ls., making, with the three previons days, 5,5G69. 1as. Anrs OF CA u-ooGAG.-On Friday last a lecrire vas delivered at the United Service Institution, Whitehallyard, on the arts of camnpaigning, by 3Mr. Francis Galton,. a gentleman who has acquired much experience, during travels in the interior of Africa, in those arts in wvhichtlhe ancultured savage often shows himself so superior to the man trained in the arts of civilization, and depending upon them and unon the combination and division of labour for his support and protection. Mr. Galton especially appliesthe experience he has acquired to matters of utility to a soldier m a campaign, and during thewinter inonthshe has been usefully lecturing to the soldiers in the camp at Aldershott. On the present occasion many wounded officerm from the Crimea attended, and the gallery was filled with non-commissoned officers from the Guards, Artillery, Household Cavalry, and other troops forming the garrisot at London and Woolwich, Mr. Galton first showved how a tree may be cut down and turned into a "pole," either for a tent or a hut, viithouttools; and next, how a hole may be dug in the hardest ground without a spade, with no other help, indeed, than that of a small stick-, or, better still, an iron ramrod. The hole dug and the pole planted, he next showed various methods of forming the walls of the tent without nails or iron tools. He next showed how a spokeshave may be readily made by lashing a common clasp-knife to a piece of wvood, and with this tool and a few hiours' labour shavings enough may be obtained to make a very comfortable bed. AMluch annoyance is often experienced in tentsfromthepegsgiving way, thestability ofthe tentdepending entirely on the resistance of the-whole of the pegs that surround it. This is an easy matterin firm moist ground ; but MIr. Galton showed how atent-peg may be fixed in tha loosest drift sand, so as to offer a resistance of 70, 83, or 901b. AU these points were experimnentally illustrated, and. were listened to with much attention by an audience practically interested in' the questions discussed. Colonel the Hon. James Lindsay, M.P., occupied the chair. THE 3I wRmvicx REFOBnATOny.-The expenses. of maintaining the Hardwicl-e Reformatory, near Glocestar, in the year just ended have exceeded the income by nearly8001., and, this fact coming to the knonledge of the grand. jury of Glocestelshire at the assizes just brought to a close,. the following resolutions were passed by that body, and: signed by the foreman, the Hlon. Ashley Ponsonby, -MP. "L The grand jury of the county of Glocesterreconize the energy, zeal, and unwearied assiduity of Mr. T. I L. Baker and Mr. G. Bengough in founding and maintaining the Reformatory School at Hardwicke, 'vhich. has already been productive of considerable benefit, and which is daily assuming, under their superintendence, a 'wider -and more serviceable development. 2. The grand jury observe with regret, from a sta7emient published by Mr.Baeker, that the expenses of the reformatory sch3ol. have t.is year uxceeded the income by the sum of 288!. : They are of opinion that this excess of expenditure ought not to be allowed to fall upon Mr. Baker, and propose that s subscription should be entered into for the purpose of raising a fund to meet the deficiency. 4. That the followin'. gentlemen be appointed a committee for the purpose J asisting in carrying out the objects of these resolutions-- Mr. W. V. Guise, Elmore-court, Glocester; 31r. J E. Havward, Quedgeley, Glocester; Rev- T. F. Wilts, Upper 'Slaughter, Stow; Mr. D). Bowly, Siddington, Cis-encester; 'Rev. G. D. Boumie, WcstonsMh~ ev Broadway; M1r. J. P.. Brickcdale, Nqowland, Coleford ; 31r2r. P. Davis, Thomunbury ; Rev. C. B. Trye , Leckhampton, Cheltenhna; Mr- G. Ruddle, Walton,-houae, Tewkesbiyn; Mr. T. Gambier 1>arry5 Eighnxm-court, GkJt"s,U',
SAT S BY AUCTION. To Lighitermien -and others, ESSRS.~ EVERiFIELT) and ROR&NE are in-: _Mstructed toSELL by AUCTION%. at Carne's Ways, '5,Bankaide,l Soniwerk onTccs5'y Aprl 1, 12fOr1, the 611osting well-buulb BAftBS,vis, Vitora, pen as-e, ithcabin, 60 -tons - Priuce Lousa oAUnTbarg, lon bePs mi; Willia , can llbarge,t0; also. a coastin vesso,- iS o and oosem therLs crafty lybe viewed oe : arndi cataoge h,z.ge ad on therpnresmaniostes urofheutioneers, Coal Exchiainge.or-1 Palaetstreet,o Ca Weshmnter. Weesr- Cnlbscinse.-BImpDrint Saleroi a?end Effgects.rdr h MSSRS. EVEESFIELD and HORN will STeLn iL.btrUCTION,o onL the AemiOses, ate the Rt-gtntet oanalFbinay Aprneh 1s. nat 0lrI the lpevSatEioLS on FOUay Ari 8.COTtAG Balfest- Albithsn Shop,tand Sheds6 alnso acqatityU of oldc irnare, sdaingo caual. fore, nd ooe mteral - iay be viewedtwonedayprevious, and catalogues bad on the opriems oess rsft W.anctioneessBak0,.Psrlicitosnt Cotlelet rCalgexane Motagele, n ih h ocurneo adthemAspss 1,ESSRs. EVERSFED n H h aire SLLt AlL, AtUCTeION SEL bye ACamION, battheReaet's, Canalbain.n thsehouse,lnerithe, HSlepey-Stati.n on Freday, April 22. at half-past Z 2orIApRLeciey thLMeYPIEilEwS stiitiabblefrdaitngArGoms. dini. ien toran bedor.mberst aind everyoait, of Idesion, each; maheunaand bay,estI tonse each tthearyvean, Northrn oI 63 aons and the lu Aahiontand mertune, alof 560 tosecto a-ale lowhcareo adlpthe torv vanalwork, an intoouhrpar1ay be viewed twe deys previous, andcaloushdnte premivbyses ae and o f the auctioneers, 40, Parliament-street, oetintr orCoal Exchange. Hacyebie-noestra,LT ules aos blote subsohos T ESSRS. EVRSI ] an OREwlDSL the ayal-bondgeesdackney-road2, ona esa,Arl2 t1 o 1 i prooms, andtrbed sanatrs,li eveal areuofdsgnanblnacue inthe boesate manne of6 ineasttayvenBadlabacadgo,bak adandthger matslva stalso at0 eto arl lbo l the aovevarie tirest,. Maybe vcawedfone weekareviu. adctlge a - h preisestan of thmncigeleactionees , ae Pextaentset,Wtmsivetero suryebosarc,sr-asa od-stbishedotably vensry tmpovable pubalc-houe sal,wbnpr'cuardsmanoehault,nwthe poemsessialon. araa' and f teSS FucioeLD aomd ofAIH 0saugpare dowrectd b KL tESpropieor Mr.0 dmonS s toll S'ELL by AUCTION, at Or r thye.o Tusay. Ap-mril2w atn12 unless, prevIusl ad hispsed, oatb privat oldtract, aIGtRuly vaual s-lEasE, fority upards of 0ears, ateon dthen moderte retof 60i guinaea pucaersanum On thewLOR POithcaalous od'momtnge ofse, statd at thope orne of rodey-ehraene and Upiperto DFUrt Te-lyce BAndfordsuatle. Th pfme-V NUs,areasubsantialy,~ bupitlt,o ommad A ng emlEvalon have M eR,tongoe frontage ine sathL steets anhae patedtion the centreaofra immnse gnmaeghurhoo ofwel suhe a chaaceralmus Wlingfevialy ensfurmieftomth pudurchse an ltrE salewhran particulas sti31.aalgssmy be had, n the remiees alootGarwa' andlcaiof t the auctoeer,orneer ofrySt Osabmurg-lac,owros Toreintiguarlas, Colaenuione df uirsit-class qacietyl, wellumaituread, RLEOSJ. UROBIN will SELL by AUCTION, ato i thbe Frmst 22 art,T-mrowun ridaye, theo 1Thoandrr1th APinst.,a old FoRBneoisN dcripAi,of. uierstclse qmTualt, and ianvery, =ine n- diction; rlotevIos asutprivatdmabe purcabser,O view, with cagte alogues one -morning o salek, and a sape boxs of eash opend for insetion.'&yi e,vy fine Walnutsh, mpidctaloRg nds Ahada thsner-atdiongeeldofi, near 11R. HEN0RY vl NE SENwLL SL YTOI 3I Ronisrias,April1. at 12,50linesdALUSanaqutiyo donTrIOnarrihes arton1pr15.8 Caao s aytead poecste fe, ortw aplication t tewaurctioeer BRy StEdun's EL eniurns-lcin o uisties VLAncEient C Oak urntre an, 3 ,to 13.FiltEn wIls illbrSELLad byitn FTor, ptiupon. and codtheorems oaes.2 Wappy-dour-s'; o31ss.treterh.Tomrow. apri5 ato1gmawithouct reserv, thedentreadSTOCKof oyld OAKFxhng rNIto3RE RofbemtsKelneon, dacritione, numerous llclarving andptanecols, nient voiewed ,on lbs.1Th.adctlgeo atothe aucine'nodcs S Dukestret, :fat,hes:r-t othaers 3r R. LEIORE il SELL by AUCTION, antheil aluAblead iartICESn l Biliar Tal,wihbll,ces n marcki oard N ours-wheelan d on pantd age ho tns n whithou ra~esere n vew modrnin osa,fom 9 o'oke,ad cam-u Mannule value ottn.Etia ivfR. ROBERT REIDO will SELL lat bis oo.AjL GreNat therlaort, on FridayTHI DApril8atprcise1lya in tarl lots, EEVEN nely-ereted neel cSmtren. -card. ocsitual, andconliion o sae ppl a th Mrt;oMesrs matersony seaof Loogan,soliitos, S. Od Boad-tret, oyaEchaes ztnge;o toabes- the Bank-.nd ffct omR.-ou,T W. ileH s PEIT nofortevangdisposbiaoft lae resan Ailene)VXSEL b ACTOthrs on UCTION' , THI DAY, Apriat 14 for 12, aoth2e 0 exeleLt OW,hTItE. an copriine PL oANKS deal-pstand pFtench1000 feet wide pine boads, 10dth square ofamyello andwhte lorin, ahosn, 10 tavs,5,00iee sabogny iand rsex and uch therusefl stff, ay b vieed hendaypior,cand ca~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~n talogueshaontepese,adothautoerCainon street, Harspotead-reaHatsttm Valuabl Caiandimpo.-rtantlEngravedteeleand Coner P_latres, from the t,on01patnrship. h meucs helt onr T?OUTHGAEY and BONarReintrutedwbtl SELL b JLPtr fteltaOnr oSL yAUCTION. at theirRom,Auctet.tee,onW Daesa Evningnet, onTusaty. the 1t imporitantCOLLECiOnsi lots,EnGResam piturlesb thfer mos tewhlebrate masters, te ngravenbtimtinguisEV TIs- Banpty,-TellCabietmoderaukiere, Cabpeinet~ Puianofrte, Datent Mnl,and othersE,ets AR.. REOBE REUD) wLIllTELL wit SEiL byoom 31TELN o GathearlPromseuph mf-street TI AY pi 14.moato12 fora precis.ely,ly b modiFrecionTURE comprisines cetre, cardK occTADEna ofanyan othe INTabKes, incwludnuta lrgsewodandimahoganyffemn oid chase,cabnet, cimny gasss, ideoars,hookaseslr, swritnables, Betfrusesad, enTotheroldetby Frechiand urasianbdteats anOde bony.h 1ings, bedding, Cachestsyo mdraers, basi standse an dressing vapac, siteshn otheaproeffets-n May bhe videwed and cataogueths bad. st Ito. e5, RussisMere.-NOBE,-atheDoeFratarsleTwoPavenofre, LInenwa, DptdorceL wil SELLsdby. AUClION, at4o7okin the Premies,mHISDAY Ap -ril1p,at2h LexcelolEntaFURNITUE comprising maveoganyk Dpfour-pos and rnchmbeedsteads goos beds3 2, andthe wthesal chmbroed appeundaRentodrawing andining rpoom sutwhoes in m ayand onsre-t adood,n£ibg chimny anviwd b pier gaseris,itoncut-gas chaa adelierscotchiaulass,:kl a-ndkitchensf raeqite, May be vbtiewed,si dandpr ctaoguhes had on thle,peiss of MonDwes -srs. se, Tolidarle, Tand Saniands, 53, Fenibarcd-street, and roatlthe aecti oneesr's oPafles,r1 Hart-Sostr BloomsNbleysiofare.~1,Bclisuy n odnsre,Genih ToSmalupeioraWiste aneod properauty, ner h Minories, Dock TR.OJ J E RIL and fare reIwt instructdbyt nsxeu kJ tarsofmth laenOwnstepropitr,toELob AubmtI, ato theli ACtion TarT,IOn athuarsay.athe nthonapri, r 2.at 12, insifots Iunlesa a accepital wferl-forn the wholedisglymadeuinbte WniantdmSPELEIT FeEig OlD iut,adbi HOS i,nCompto1in-Litetle Presotk-squret. Good lnga cotmpact fneenocd etateS elipebly isituae,d in the vici, nitdo the vant, Dmocks, ocf proucing patrentage of £152 frP,eriannum, Peaxsrtcicular torehadeatthe peces tofsale;nofHughdes.mmenrse. and asttoermnri, solicitors, Bhcthertobuhra:o tact iosetmnaemers,17 Themmeremise-s are in aoelntkreptiy,- CabinetrMakedfrbs,iapnters, Furnaitureld. Dealerfo, of IO,o the Prtone,eem aspises, th day Oxord-stree, To-morrow.edApar 15. alprecishely obydirection tepofmtheAssigees the STurkea Inn.TOAdE Kef-rad;CAttheT SamAKoncldn an Bl ehargrequntityofadifferndtkinds ofctvoueer's,nbe offcs deals Oxcces-ofroak, mahe o oganyhsabs,cousre, and dchymstg table,gst-A SuheladnableBpusiionesf,rmit-h office, and varous=efun adlomateria n view mothledayrcding thruhareinmorning of mis,. Cataloguespon the premisresthifgCharlem iEe, sq, toSELcial AssTIignee,tt0. Aldetanory; andomt the laxctioeer's1offices, 3,WPontstree, and 24, o Bepgaverad, o 2t h mim inuenon.ot h wo~ Dheptod weKslced nd-ToewSOdbAcKtion-TpRAsuandso elyfiter ofthe tueitgeheCorvthto hanery maodefiandtheausee Robinson s, situatepeat , wiae,trethe ipprobation ofth JudgetoL whse Ctourt thish causbee attchaed, foy h firstOBE.~ thslhouesD onder,CastleTaewrn,Boadwa, bestcafctr,aonThrday. iuriehighat 4oock e-diion.thaThernoon.m Dieptfare er zand numerd2, 21. or, 5.24.d togethe withgany Imarvedbt firoed upregnits of expernnum, upnd rtwo houesy atnionCannon-sreet adjoiinng.e Mraybevinewedtb -The ponermsioni mofsthrestenats,bandpa- The abve sies was e.stablishedhbyM5s,vxs Poynt,ou= andatbWawa. who carried on an extenLsive and lucrative trade for mnany yeaL,ss, d the above presents one of the best open,ings for anY party deahTapuof embarking in the businesa An inventor of the stock. of drsa er fums, atnt edcines, c..is on theleemiocs-, andthe Puet,t,aerwaIt beputinpoeree,~ston ofthewhole of the prescription aud~oc-lyte reclpe hDoKs from the commencoement of die business For fuiclerpLrjcularn aLpply to Mr. Charles Ja2ckson, 2, Exchange-huildinge, A.L Sane-laug; Qg9 tg M &r. l, l se ugUmms~r, ZriSOQI M --COLLEMI,will SE-1LL by AUCTION, at JJ..tbeMart. enF y .i§Y-AP-AtI25 bdirttEx'ecutors, a_ desirable REBSIbENCE see-deaclwd. eligiblyizaeinrotrth bith road, at thae cornro rv-sd -n tn bsAt, i t tf Sthxeor- h 'cotCufggoDentrance halnad stairoee,dalag and drawirg roos,sixbe chmbrs,kiche, einley. nddcfest forse-ourt erd wafed aren, a th etreit ofwhch s c-h-aheu and three- sid ntcd.~I- te ccuatin f ~r. orrsi nde a-u agretmeetA street, city. *Z.,;V,.r59 Wsborne-errse, yde-ntr.--Two npetu or Fmily Resdepre,s, w.ith Coach-ouse and aln,bl uetfo the Bishop1 Of London for 51 years, at %be ergnlgozdets nilet On leases att rents amoun0ting to -O470 per anm ~JR:. J COLLERwill. SELL by AUCTIW-, Mot nFriday, April25, at 12_ itutw lots, by direction of he xeutos. WOfirst-clASe BSIDEKCES, 4IWlghy situate in. Thebes pat f Wstbure-ternne. beisec oe.23 ud 25, on tbe,east aid ofhisplndithluubfae.These houses were erected in the mot subtantialmanner,and ofth best materials, by the deceased owner. andgrre finished i A sup.erior style. Each house occupies a, ante meas-urng 23ft. by 181 ft., including the coach-hOuses and stabling inthe rear. abuttinzon Conduit-mews- The proVerty la letoenleases (granted about four years sic)twCWr Eq,adJ1.W Schede, Eq.,forterms of 21 years, determiinaUblebythe less'ees a theeudf te irs seenor yar , a a cea annual rent r£1 each ho..for the first seIvenyseama £240 for the Esecond seven years, and !45 for the residue of the terim. Tinehouses arebheld under reparate leases, for an unexpired term o-f Si Year from Midsummer nexvt, at an annunlgoaLd rent of £20 Lls-. 5heach house. Thewbnole of the valuable fitures are seblsduledt o the sulieases,anadwilbeinDcludedir, theptiircha,se. This valuable property offers an unexceptionable invest-neratto trustees and othe.rs seekingafirst-r-atesaecurity. An arrange. mentoouid.probablybe made for obtaining earls possessio)n of NVo.23, if desired Particelar may be obtainled of Alessr-s. Morris, Stoenne Tovnson, and Morris. soliCitors MDorgate-street-chambers; at the MaNrt: aniLd of MNr. V. J. Colier. 3. Mloorvate-street, _N orte,lk-street and N orth-row. Perk-lan e, and Bury-street, St. James'g. -The valuable Leasehold 1'roperty of the late Hugh Relly. REsq. VR.VJ. COLLIER has received directions to .LLSELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Paidny. April25. at 129 in lots. Plursuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, extensiVe LEAsEHOLD rPROPERTY comprising the Dwelling-house, lately 2ocWcudedby the decessed, simnate 3, North-row, within aL few yards of Pads-lane: held for 30 years, at an sanual ground rent of £20. A Fe aily esid,nce,eligibly situate, S. Norfoth-street. Park-lane: held for 3211 y'earsart an annual greundrent of£23. Severalsets of Coach-houses, Stabling, and Preraises situate ini larrisoon'-yacd, Wood'simews, in the rear of Norfolk-i;treet, held for 29 cears at low rents:- thespe. ens Pre'ises. distinguished as No. IS'-North-row. (in the rei 1ar f th Britidayers! Arms,Psrk-street,l comnprisia eluble ceach-house, bertness room, a very superior six-stalled stable and loose hex, withi dwellingroomns and lofte over. yard and premnises-in, heand; also a capitol four stalled Stable. adjointog. conneted to ithe livery yard of Mr. Sbeward. in Green-street, to whom it is let tuntil Midlsummner, 1680. at th e low annual rent of £21-the whole held for 153e scas t an annual ground. rent Of £z2O 7 and a roomy Dwelling-hOuse., No. 40, Bury-street, St. James's, with three floors of wonrkshnops in the rear, having a back entrance thereto. held for 163 years at the low rent or £73 l0a. per annum. Nearly the whole of the above property has leeta untenanted for mnany years, and therefore requires some outlay in repaIrs biut its eligible situation, and capabilty of improvement, render it a premising investment, particul-arly as most of the premises are held under the Marquis of Westmninster, who would doubtless granti an extension of the several leases on) adirantageous terms; to improving tenants. Psrticulars imay be obtained of MUessrs. Norris and Sons, solicitors, 2, Bedford-row; at the M-art; and of ldr.V. J. Collier, 3. moorgale-sireet. To Printers Newspaper Pronsietoms Printers' Broers, e-Isn,Ortant -j E Sale of the First1Tortion of the Austin Foundry. tt§FESRS. DEW and KEYSELL, priBtere' alieIV ioneer and valuers, weill SEELL by AUCTION, on the Premises. 120. Aldersgate-street. withount reserve, To-morrow and Wednesday, Apri1 an 6 tI,brder of the Executors of MJessrm S. ad¶.'nrooil, the PI RST PORTION of their eXtensiVe STOCK Of PR I IIThG MATERtIAL.S consitme of several tons of new type forboowor an jobig, anc leter theedouble-crown machines by Npie andTh-den sevn ion pesss, ix copper-plate ditto. 42. inc rae hdralic tw fl prsse, ion ndstone imposing sarface-, fnunh7raks,&o, nd veryartile equiitefor a printing establishunct.Catloues wth rite spciensofthetye,may be bad em thepreise; nd f te uctsners 35 Caomle-tret,Bishopsgate ISS EW andc KEYSELL will SELL by bO ns tengravins prins, &-. C Baoge tob ad thrince o ,EDWIN. WHsITEi il KESELwlSLLb iLA U_thout o there,a Proemie, 4.PlcT goe oxra.o Tuesdaly,Apri 22, thersueritl-or medePFRIUE ossigo l'SInaIsh mahoAn and roeodcam als vrioe,MA rl-o tiaysf cbands hoas, linen pchina, enravins, aondpintng,es. aa aaloguestma be had attepicplinon the nreigbuho,adoh aucioners, 357, Camhomigle-street, Bishoistt, Oyn thePa remives.fNo. '-10. Nw-ire. BVtiugshpgteet wxitsout. TR. EDWIN W"HITE wvill uSELL byvdlyCTIOLN, TimdLywithou AreservS,a ab 2 ove, Tpmrr-swl, antue-dpay, of5theAril punctally aot 2,o thessrec Ent wormd PLANTo' vanid STIOCK of aECOG: LOSHTO FAIEtAME aNdS arNarcel MfiAgnKEn, Frncluhn banzuinttofcinygaeand peoain.reeycnictned fraos, corniceesrand mobeuldings,owoodes andpr-ee a varniety of mounilsi. Onvelypirand nmeruohrnitems On vie.w. ncatalogues masy be had.o h rmss n tteac II~. DWN RIT wll'~rreetve1ySELL'by iLLAUCION athisRoos, 70.Bisopeat-sroe wtout, ond 5 Thidynx,April 1S,o ath 12frPremises-, aDnot-herplart. of there. Sann re .o of ELSr.ORwoD and Co.'svried SELL o EbG LS APETRE1',as GINGe at 12afr elh ofOY17iiEINTi frenhe boren pics nd a qoantity g brnawes. Oc ut n vs dypierandt mcovrnding of sle, svle ctalgue ss ma be nih bed. orth inn a b ogrsSah copitsingtl RegistrStvs. Fendchars. Fire-i ronswcod 1~rESSRS. WELSFORD and to. wrriSELL' o tby LtL AUCION, attheir Roms. 35 New Church-street. 4ieae celioueo"s p-'nez Ataouso xlcto a t thOoms and inQens-roed. aywto erLbyACIOa.uedy s'l~uie. Pin Lrn- Mden sevennltus, ca Effects, l'so ie F.RE. dA ghL s AC ION altedstaboet,at1 for1n. the COrNTeN othabv ReSIDEr.NCwe, omlerisingtdrawnt rom suit.e i outIvrdi housetl. nob chopaionygass p s aoayfrtn ining and.hldsr-e, n breuat rnteoomspat:oLst of tableso, chasiers, east chis,E . ars huexkeUepet Privt ouses,d the kthe Asrderzuisies, tocbnt,boz pled byornatentalnts, chirnas anoducglas a ew peroo nrvns lt artes moern aesaelctswellaofpr and sherrntaly abouit.2 do en.ant vie thursdays havd mxprndeg ofsaleratalogsues o theproemiens,an ofc the pautioneers. frots rueydrngod tayewaTerT andrativ, New thurch-stret First-claemfr usnss Freodurprty,oxes. pr~edsPayn a358 paer taxus,aa Insumirecte toa EL b y ie eaUTION af'etenartaays, on Tuensday, 2th Maynf ext,s Patrk.ei sevn let-s,the fo,llowing am uabl FaREEHOLD., aHOUShe aucindeSHOPS, vtan-ce c4apiau roe'eso n legteM. HKweynt penc.t aFrenthofd LieOanm1 tedelig ho=seatd hopre andjoinin 2,x Pireld-etem ,th o las g oM. on btrinsthe Aocrcuptuatinol t B.ildin x, haler ia t £100 r ee nnm pedSyolSennS, WAtrLents prdcngd1 paranum The aboe ii properutyocpes ao mStL b cmAndTingpositio inraay H otn.Thehusesda thMshops have22 texpended oinalembeR sum1in iprovemets, suchas platre-glassefroints,trenderingle them very Hattrcie Iand Ftarwison adpigthemessd ofr busiLness pu-ose.Tea acuthreilt3 frates Taxes,den Inprsiurac, 9MayrEvs ed lav of theutiem tenn ts,i2 Pacrticfvaularob-e wu'sndefwthe auilctioneerash. a5 Charr-Isne.had ndtereane duuivi ged i ent.- compacet eFisreehold Estat ,cnisting.o 96 acrpesdo fand, rsetithe free ly and lau stx srdemted. oit ango esidence, vvi- coensive icludinr Buidigs allw n good Tnrepair, tio substantial Ctage s androacLodge, ra melra.truh nonmna PjI-aESSto . WheoubuU TERSvic ard e OteJpr ompi ar caitafbr residene ore igvstmen%t, caflldth Coldr Harbsd orsPark Fr. onlrg thlyereastesdeo sthbeLonr road, ahoms thre miules frah-om uEeg, a(e compdrising 5 acrimenoproductivefland,rincluding oareos,o vnalable Of debravodrinilybdtcip tall e sh) thriin oehtatafrds,gandth rematinders diie nconvenient enclosures.o Tunrde ihea residence isoad.aptd n fornairespTetablerfmiy, and is situate on anplemaionence George Tasloebrnt aspe ct,commandingwseb an etensivte visewsn Cofwth co. untry,inldine the r Stown soficteubrd17 , ilo sbsursretLounded and :is Gaprrachedsby aibrOadth gavcoelroad5,tChroughr-ane-onameon. plnati7,otlc.aThre outbuildingsthc ar exteSiE,HO prLD acpia barn,eattle pahelsnd piestrien,twofor d yards and shd fqu soc, tlrg anewly-erectedsabipprlefort.sighthores andxdubles cochhosefade tacheobickan t imbouner, buidningeforus fetorig gainoy oe nap igof suontaley,ul cot ctalges. hatthe estate afods good sheoffige is ah actonvenentditac from Tupu nbrirge, wP- itha xcletood d Talo. t helo:e Prtcu Gr elne ya te toer.and Crow don: at Clarraway'esAmn and ofseacines t5 heather-lssc,tonnlon. Furitre W arinwAtayelSoa p n 4xors. 20. 2,an22 T A er;l SL rsetblyteanCtIed atfi NO i1g ILL Roms. 9. Kig's-rad, Cease a. TIfllmV holdhous. Aprl14 at Cocc.alreasrmn offOUEHLodon Ft uRiNofiUes gre.anderespactudrdstcaint formarn re; alse amquantiDgtyof at Perpcut mabougany70 tpecountranduneon efecs.Ma be vk-e b eiiewed mortn-ns ingrfsale,ar dctaous had a t h R T he rooms; B a ndate th ofic otmr then auctitone axer,10.LuAssros P-meriih- b, io.ldntn.o Valuale Lasebsd Esates f th intoThoms Sttr o.f3r.Aq, em- dungron, and in the city onanLondon, lUR. L LEN DAVi is drectd by heExes aod R. . HOMStil SELL by AUCIN :teMr,eaTursday, My8 at 12. insih Galots, the folloing elqusle 'PROPErTow, fopri, laseholdt invesmetcossigf FUwIUR ans~Emiaesce resivdenc tes o.2 andv- 23,i nernez sup-lead,Baysafist-ater; relsptetabytnsed hnfncousetNo. : mm 4. Colcm ra-nn-gtre oomhs fiisinthe ciyof ae- Logn ndon cout in oescipcis; becating mostyhl for on tondes, alt lw roun rentrs, coincsitatinstoy consnaa resectblearadperanet retal, aoosieMcnstoleatbpesen about 70 pr annu, Maybe vieed bypaerntssdon o teanlts, Fasticlamha attheRoal alf Baewrer Kig' Ars, en sliagou; Sasex rms. famosremih: Wlie Lin. Padingln: o JbmsAnreyWid, tst soictor Si Esinhal-stoc: o)lrAged e3 pan lvs2r,e cr n iner. dwr,. teab3dcfexrcs and kitchen requcistes, On vier Monday and murning C sale, and catalos-mic had at the rooms. important lercantile Premises, nearly rontigos, M to the Royal Exchange, suited for a Peblic Company or Institution, Bankcrs, zerchcats, &c.. in pie. forocupation, the remLinder producing a large annual rental.-By DL- JURY. at the AucUon a1t,u onFoiday, May . .by orderof theDimroctsrof thbe0lent4rAssaraDoe0ompany (tnlES yfeiously disposed oE bypirfate treaty), TItHE very extensive and imnportant Premises, Nos. 2 _ md J, Old Broad-steet [adjoining those of the Ioperial Insurance Company and of the Batk of London. late, te Mall of Commerce), with a frontage to Old Bread-sree. of 57 feet. They have been erected within the last few years, in a substanUaJ mananer, and at a -etygreat cost. and comprise!,en the rountl floor, the spacious offices lately used by the Mentor Assurance UomTPany, including a large clerk's orpuabli lca breed room. secretar &,cnultiug, andwaiting &ooms, &C., and in the lntiEsrat uasciois cellars vith arched v-auts, suted for a wine merchant; the uprer portion coutains aumeroos counting-houses, let totbe Ruaway PasscngeSagrs'm.sooa Company, and otber respectable tenants, at rentalsamotnting to nearly twothirds ofthesampaid. Thepopertyishelion leAsefor25yetrs, ait the vasymoderate rent of £80 per annum. Early posession can be tiven oftheground ftonsrpremisea. To he viewedbycardswhicb, with ptlelars, msy be ob'tinod of Mr. Jury. auctioneer, 19. Colemau-eet; particunarsa.aoofWilliam ldurray, Esq., solicitr, ii, Londoa- trt, Fenchorch- trret: nndsttbe Ancton Afrt, Avry superior and notedllERttalfWine andI Spirit Jlnablisbrnent, in a trulyuveialile situation, inthe City of Lnndon,bcbagatthe junction of Gracecburch-stroet asd King Willam-street, w7ill immedeiate pos- WtESSRS. FIEL1) ana FA=THFULL beg to ac- AlL quaint the pnblctliat ihey.re instrictie by r. Bain, the rolrietr, who isretiringfsm une6s aft.er an ompsiion of nearly20 yasn tosubi ctto public COPITTION, at Garraway's, on M day, :yflatl2,uumless an ace-pta ble efforbe intho se satbme made by private contract, a L,2hSF. fe-SI y1ears. at limo re-y noderate rent of £[7Sper annum, of the BEAR LIQUOR SHOP and WIN VAULTS, adasirbly plsce,lin the centre of tie aLbov junction, and ~iinecly facing the imrense thnorugijare to lonlon4xidge, a sitnation esarided in the metropoDli. The lremrieS -hich r e substantially yelsu:lt about 25 years rses, are of great detpi, in coe'lent order tsroghout, and possess nt &hat is requisite for cam-iag on the well- notn, extensive, and r;nitarhably profitalge bms*sm; they have also tne advantage of rigntsof ,fin,a&Court leadg how King WAillaaseet to the rear therec tineratbyafferding great adtantages for cond<nctangaebolesale trsdc beviewed ten daysprior to the sale, israpisicata¢ with cards olny,Uih, with patlceaws,I nay be obtained of thze actioneers. Oscah W, Ncw-road; rtkurs also oe t ;,uw~a~GtaUsi
