DEATHS. On the I9th ult., at his residence. King's-street, Yarmouth, Norfolk, in the 4-Id year of his age, Samuel Badeley Strow-er, Esq. On the l9th ult, at Woodstock-, Canada West, Robert, son of the ta W . Deedes, Esq., of Sandling-park, Kent. On Tulesday, the 29th nIt., at 65. Sydney-street, Bromptonl. SINrs. Clama Wilson. aged 73. relict of the Rev. John Wilson, late of Thiclsthorn. park, Xenilworth, WVarwickshire. On tle 30th ult., at Algiers, after a long ilness, Couby Thomas Nesbitt, of Lismore House, county of Cavan, Ireland, a Deputy lieutenant of that county, aged 41. On the 21 inst.. at Azundel House, Kottinglhill, W. Harcourt, LLD., universally regretted. On Itanday, the 5th inst., at 16, Muoutagn-square, the Hen,. Paulina, relict of the late R. 0. F. Caddell, Eaq. On the 5th inst., at Balloch'myle, Ayrshire, John Henry, son of Colonel D. Ewart, aged 1 year and 1 days. On the 5th inst.. at 33, Ovulston-street, Somers-town, Mr. Noel John Mesnard, aged 61 yearg. On the 6th inst., at his residence, at Cnelsea, Peter Descon, Esq., late of Ramsey, Huntingdonshire, aged 75. On the 6th inst.. a t Dorkding Charles Herman, the infant son of Charles Wmn. Chaldecoti, aged 9 months. On the Gthinst,, at West Hyde Parsonaage.Pieckmsnsworh, Jane, the wife of Signor JoElManuoel Gomez, of Barcellas, PortugaL On ths 7th inst at his residence, l17 College-green, Bristol, William Evan Prichard, -osr, surgeon, ageda 5. On the 7th inst.. at Greyfriar, Chester. Mary Ann, fifth daughter of the late John sfoulkes, Fmq., of Erivatt Hlal, in the county of Denbighs, On the 7th inst., at Iping Houme, near Mdhurat, Sussex Dorothea, relict of the late Colonel Rochfort, of Rochfort Ireland, and SNLP. for the county of Weatmeath, aged 75. On the 5th inst., at Putney, aged 10 year-. Sophia, youngest daughter of the late Lieut.-Col. Cooper, Hsl C Madras Armny. On the- th inst., at St John's-wood-park, Arthur Charles. the infant son of Charles Howard, Esq. On the Sth inst., at Camden-town, Mrs. Catherine Cardwell, late of oihelico. On the 9th inst., at Great Yarmouth, eary Alayn, fourth cilrd of James Borrett, Efq., BM.D. On th 5th inst., Mrs. Susannah Harriett Hanucock aged 72 after a long and painful illness, at the house of her son, Yr. John joseph Hancock, WVaterloo-terrace, Islington, tendon. On Thursday last, the Sth inst., at Be.ley Vilas. Clewer, near iNVdsor, Emma, the beloved wife of Mr. j. B. Brown, bookseller, W-indsor. Her end was pence. On the 9th inst., of hsooplng cough, Glethin, the infant son of Llewelyn Wynne, Faq., of 10, Cunninghiam-place, St. John's-wood. At Yarmouth, Tale of Wight, on the 9th inst., aged 67, Mlr. JohLn Squire, uiniversally respected and regretted. On the 9th inst., at 3, Bishop's-road, Bayswater, sincerely regretted, Mkrs. Jane Mroore, of Grove-house, Llan-stephan, Carmarthenshire, wife of the Rev. John Robert Moore. On the Othinst., of consumption, ouisa, the beloved wile of M.Nr. Robert C. Tate, of the London and County Bank, Reading;- and on the 14th nlt., Lord Julia, daughter of the above, aged 10 week-s. On the 10th inst., aged 45, Mary Ann, wife of Frederic John Reed, of 59, Friday-street, and 34, Bedford-square,
MONKY-MABREKTa CIdTYINTELLIG. NCE. Saturday Evening. The English funds opened without recoverv this morning from the decline of a quarter per cent., caused yesterday by speculative sales made after the announcement of the loan, but there was subsequently- - a tendency to greater firmness, and the market closed steadily at an improvement of an eighth. Consols for money 'were first quoted 92,'to §, and the public havingshown a disposition to purchase they left off at 92 j to @ for money, and 93sl to i for the 4th of June. The Bank return exercised no influence, the improvenment in the bullion being counteracted by the diminution in the reserve of notes., The importance of the latter circumstance is, however, diminished by the full supply of circuzlation shown to be in the hands of the public. Bank Stock closed at 210 to 211; Reduced, 91- to New Three per Cents., 92 to ', Annuities, years, 17 to 1; India Stock, 226 to 229; India bonds, Gs. to 2s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98- to Z; and Exchequer-bills (March) ls. discount to 2s. premium; (June) 3s. discount to par. The extent of general business to-day was limited, and there was no particularpressureformoney either at the Bank or elsewhere. Foreign securities were not extensively operated in, but some descriptions showed a further tendency to improvement. Turkish Six per Cents. for the account were negotiated at 971 and -t, and -the Four per Cents. Guaranteed for the account 101k. MIexican was more freely purchased, the bargams having been at 229 for money, and 22., , -l and L- for the account. The general business comprisedChilian Six per Cents., 103 and 104; Dansh Five per Cents., 101ff; Portuguese Four per Cents., 50; Russian Four-and-a-Ealf per Cents., 94; Sardinian Five per Cents., 94; Spanish Three per Cents., 44j; Austrian Five per Cents. (not payable m London), 84j; and Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 994. The telegraphic quotations from the Paris Bourse to-day failed to arrve. The statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer last evening regarding the amount remaining due on the Turkish loan confirms the impression that the disturbance of the money-market from gold r& mittances to Constantinople will cease in about a fortnight. The total unpaid is 650,0001., and this is expected to be met by exchange operations to the amount of 250,0001., and by two shipments of gold of 200,0001. each. The Chancellor of the Exchequer added an opinion which seems to be warranted by the appearance both of the continental and the American exchanges, as well as by the prospects of Australian arrivals, that the Bank bullion is now likely to increase rather than to diminish. The railway meetings of the week have not been numerous. The shareholders of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Company have further discussed the position of their affairs, and it has been agreed that another adjouirnment shall take place to allow the question of the election of the directors to be thoroughly canvassed. At a meeting of the Thames Haven Railway the bill before Parliament authorizing the company to construct docks and to raise a further sum of money was approved, a pledge being given that no expenditure on the works shall be incurred without first consulting the proprietors. The report of the Eastern of France Company has been adopted, and a dividend has been declared of 58f. 50c. per share, making, 'with the 20f. paid for interest in November last, a total distribution of 7Sf. 50c., or 156 per cent. The Ocean Chief has arrived off St. Ives from Port Phillip, whence she sailed on the 25th of February. She is expected to have a considerable amount of gold, and her advices will be about 10 days later than those previously received. * The gold arrivals of the week have amounted to 500,000!. The shipments have included 200,000!. to Turkey, and 67,000!. by the Lisbon and Brazil mail. It is stated that Mr. Layard, M.P., left London on Thursday to take charge of some pending negotliations, and to arrange several important matters connected with the recently established Ottoman Bank, of wlich he is chairman. The following relates ta the Foreign Insurance question. The suggestion that the State should " encourage" the practice of insurance in harimony with its erroneous interference in the case of savingsbanks will not receive assent from those who wish to confine Govermment to their legitimate functions. The mode proposed, moreover, seems little more than a circuitous method of repealing the duty alto. gether. The other recommendations, that the English offices should issue a tariff, leaving to the insurer the option of paying a lower rate with the average clause, and that the cost of maintaining the fire brigade, which is employed equally for the protection of those who insure and those who neglect to do so, should be a municipal charge, appear well worthy of consideration - " Sir,-The extension of an existing practice of insuring English property in foreign offices, thereby evading policy and percentage duties, cannot, as many tbink, be effectuaUy prevented by the new Fire Insurance Bill of the Government. Any endeavour to prove this must however be avoided, since it would only increase the evil by suggesting expedients. In a former essay on the broad principles of taxation, as suitable to our wants and sustainable against class influence and popular prejudices, I showed how we are drifting back to indirect taxation, as a consequence of what an eminent statesmann termed an ' ignorant impatience' of direct imposts. "Parliament having voted a certain aggregate expenditure, insurance duties constitute one of the items of revenue required to defray that expenditure, so that, if that impost were remitted, another must be substituted. Insurance duties, however, have come to be decried as discouraging provident habits, whereas they are in effect merely one of the forms of a property-tax. Those only who own property pay the charge upon such amount as they assess themselves, and on the occasion of declaring the extent to which they are beholden to the State for protection of such property generally. Nevertheless, the burden upon the taxpayers having, as a matter of adjustment in this particular, become respdjuste unpopularand subject to evasion, may usefully be so as not to chafe the bearers into either resist. ance or evasion with impunity. "There is still another point of view from which it seems expedient to relax somewhat the rigidity of this impost. It is the duty and the interest of a waise Government to pursue any legitimate~ policy which may diminish temptation to extravagance or improvidence on the part of the governed. To insure abroad instead of at home may. in a national sense, be extravagant, and in respect of the insurer improvident. When inglishmen insure at home,theinsurance being virtually mutual,'all surplus savings or profits, as well as all establishment and administrative allowances, remain in our own country. Moreover, in case of disputed claims it is English tribunals which award justice, and English public opinion which restrains strong offices 'from illiberality towards weakelaimants, all the weaker for their misfortunes. In the event of misfortunes it might prove neither economical nor provident to possess no claim, except upon companies whose fumds and whose responsible members are all out of reach-nay, not even liable, except with liaLitations not recognized by the English law regulating assurance companies. Without reflecting in the slightest degree upon any of the highly respectable foreign competitors or Engish assurance, we may imagine the possible case of a conflagration in London to a large extent, with correspondin claims upon some Transattantic company 'limited,' and represented here as a Sadleir represented a Swedish company. "Assuming, then, that our Government is disposed to foster the provident habit of insuring the. whole risk, and the economical plan of insuring it at home, the mode of so doing is at once suggested by the State encouragement afforded inthe analogous case of pecuniary savings. For instance, when a workman sets apart frorn his weekly wages in the savings-banlkthe State affords (atsome sacrifice on the average of years) tmeans of assurng to him an equable rate of interest, larger than could be. got with safety else. where. If, instead ofjretaAning the right to spend his hoard, he devotes it as a provision apai;^st sickness, old age, or like contingenocs in connexion with some friendly society, then the state grants a still larger rate of interest. Ascending in the social scale, if the head of a family sink part of his annual income as a provision forhissuccessors, then part of his income-tax is remitted to him in respect thereof. "The application of a like principle to that form of pro- perty-tax whinch is representedby fire in,surance duties might well be justified. The effect would be to remit property or income-tax, in proportion to the impost already paid in duties upon assuring what is, so to snSeak, the life of the pro. o Th persons asssessed for property or income surance duties, ias-ned by the licensed offices which had already collected those duties. It is not necessary hero to discuss vhether the whole or only part of the duties should be thus remitted; it would be enough if the saving were a sufficient inducement to insure at home in order to secure it. Those whose incomes ar too small for asessmentwould probably not be acceptable customers to foreign offices. i " What remains is to increase the aggregate of insurances in this country to what it might and ought to be. For this end let English offices at once issue a new tariff of rates, leaving to the insurer the option of paying a lower rate with the average clause. Let the cost of maintaining an efficient fire-police, engines, &c., be no longer defrayed out of the rates paid upon property which happens to be insured, fortthe equal advantage of an immense amount of property which is not insured. In this respect we might learn a useful lesson from continental cities, the buildings of which must all be insured by common rates levied under municial control. Buildings destroyed by fire are reconstructed by their owners, under inspection, at the expense of the fund, instead of the owners being simply paid off; an efficient fire police, apparatus, engines, andalrequirements thereto pertainig, are provided out of the same fond, and the extent of compensation claims to be met regulates the insurance rate to be levied in following years. " This plan extends only to the buildings-their con.. tents are insured by mutuul or proprietary companies as elsewhere. "Yours, &c., -' ". A. FRA2N LX" The annexed information witli regard to the progress of English niining- adventure 'is concdensed from the M-inaiag Jounral:- . . There is very little change to notice' irl the aspect of the mining market, and, if anything, bu'ines,; has been more limited andprices, with one or two e sceptions, have. ruled lower.. Dividend stocks show more heaviness than some -of the progressiv mines. At South Wheal Frances meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour, of the mine of 4,2371. ; a dividend of 8!. per share was declared, and an available balance of 269Z. carried to the credit of niext account. At Brynford-hall rneeting' the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 665L ; a dividend of 5Z. per share was declared, and an available balance of 165!. carried to the credit of next account. At Wheal Trelawny meeting there Y.as abalance in favour of adventurers of 7961.; a dividend of 11. per sharewas declared. At Vale of Toivyneeting the accounts showed abalance infarourof the mmne of 1,SG9L - a dividend of ls. 3d. per share wasdeclared, and an avaiLablebalance of 619!. carrned to the credit of next account. At Carvath United meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 732!. At Great Sheba Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 3371.- a call of 1Os. per share was made. At Sortridge and Bedford meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 451.; a call of is. per share was made. At Great Onslow Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in' favour of the mine of 2581. At Pen-y-Gelli .meetinglthe accounts showed a balance against the maine of SO1. 'At Buciland Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 21.; a call of Gd. per share was made. At Sonth Devon Consols meetig the accounts showed a balance in 'favour of adven. turers of 3,460!. At Great Tregane. meeting a resolution was passed, authorizing the directors to issue L000 shares held in reserve, at 21. each, for. the purpose of raisig the necessary funds for prosecutin- the mine. At Wood ,ine meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1611.; a call of 3s. Cd. per share was made. At Herward l3nited meeting the accounts.showed a balance against the mine of 221!.; a call of 5!. per share wasmade. At Wheal 'Treasury meetng the accounts showed a balance of 1,9191. against the mine; a call of 2. per 1024th share was made. At South Dolcoath and Carmarten Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 3 A3t. At Wheal Ludcott meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 609.!; a call of 3s. per share was made. At Craddock Moor meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 3451. At Gonamena meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 1731. At Bolenowe meeting the accounts showed a balance against themine of 238! ; acall of 3s. per share was made. At West Wheal Bolton meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2,371G. At Butterdon meeting there was a balance against adventurers of 1431.; a cal of 10s.per share was made. At Penhauger meeting there was a balance in favour of the mine of 12!.; a call of 5s. per share was made. AtGreatCowarchmeeting theaccounts showed a balancein favour of the mine of 4441. At East Caradon meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2341. At Great Wheal Baddein meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1411. ; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Condurrow meeting the accounts showed abalance in favour of adventurers of 651. At NTorth Wheal Busy meeting the nccounts showed a balance ngainst adventurers of 1321.; a call of 5s. per share was made. At Wheal Unity meeting the accounlts showed a balance against the mine of 287!. At Wheal Cupid meeting the accounts showed a balance ag,ainst the mmne of 1S ; a call of 3s. per share was made. At lTorth Grambler meeting the accounts showed a balance against the adventurers of G5SI.; a call of 9s. Gd. per share was made. At East Alfred Consols meeting the accounts showedabalance against themine of 107!.; a cal of about3s. per share was made. At Ballymoneen meeting the accounts showved a balance in favour of the mine of 741.; acall of 2s. 6dL persharewas made. 'At Penquean Q2uarry meetingthe accounts showed a balance against the quarry of 3381.; a call of 2s. Gd. per share was made. At Biwlch Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 530!. At Orsedd meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventa rers of 1401.; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Michell meeting the accounts showed a balance of 2401. against the mmne. A'l Gernick Mine meeting a call of 5!. was made. With regard to foreign mining adventure there is nothing worthy of extract.
RAILWAY AND MVING SHARES. SaturcLay Evening. The xailway-market opened with some little heaviness, but was rather firmer towards the close, purchases having then increased. French and Belgian descriptions experienced scarcely any alteration. MIiscellaneous securities were neglected, and quotations in some cases exhibited a slight decline. Riga Railway closed 11 to I'pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, 6j- to ;v pm.; Ottoman Bank,4 to 10 pm.; Bank- of Egypt, s to - pm.; Wester of London, 5to 4 discount; London and Paris, 31 to 2i discount; National Discount Company, .- to § discount; and Bank of Switzerland, 1 to 1 pm.
TBADE BEPOPT. Satarday Afternoon. TALItow.-The -maiket is very firm on the spot at 40s. to 46s. 3d., but for delivery in the end of the year there is more disposition to sell, 46s. to 45s. 9d. being, the closing price.
SECREr fES OF STAm.-Itappears, from a retura published on Saturday, that Sir George Grey and. lord Panmure hold their offices as Secretaries of State by letters patent issued to them, and thatthere are three letters pteni, eristing and nurevolked which have been issued to persons who have held, or who. now hold, such offices; those per sons are the Earl of Malmesbmy, the e of 2ewcaathr (members of the Derby lInistry of 1852), and Sir O.-Grey, the resent Secretary of State for the Home Department. 1 PniCL E D JMsONRSTAION AT EDINBU1RGH.- The city of Edinrburgh having been Dromised 600L. of the sum set apart for nation lpyroteclmicaisplays in celebratioit of the peace, the agistrates hve arragedthat the demon. sration shall take place there also on the29h insti, tha reworks to he exhibited from the rocls of .rther's isat, overbaugin5 the Royal park.
WLWA Y IYTELLIGENCB. - RAIWAYS IN-= TRNwlTh R-vwnan% Thn official statements of railways in the United Kingdom for the secord half-year of 1855, compiled by hlr. J. S. Yeats, of Warnford-coWt, show that the amou,t of ordinary capitalkng dividend was 135,536,2291., the amount of interest charged against revenle for the half-year being 2,505,446!., or at the rate of 41. 2s. 9t. per cent. per anmum; and the amount of ordinary cpitap not taking dividend was 12,784,130l., making the total amount of ordinary ,cap'tai at the end of the year 148,320,3591. The amount of mortgage and preference share capital was 112,210,7471., the amoumt of mterest charged against revenue being for the half-year 2,472,7071., or at the rate of 47. Ss. l.d. per cent. per annum. The amount of capital expended on leased lines was 26,740,2991., the amount of rent charged for the half-year being 656,4341., or at the rate of 41. 1Ss. 2d. percent. per annum, making together a total capit-al of 287,271,401., the amount of interest and dividend in respect of it for the ball-year being 5,934,.571., or at the average rate of 4!. 2s: 7'.d. per cent. per annum. The total amount of capi- al at the corresponding period of 1854 was 276,781,984t., and of interest and dividend for the corresponding half,year 5s,520,692!., being at the rate of 3l. 19s. Ojd. per cent. per annum, showing an increase in the capital during IS55 -of 10,4s9,4211., and in the sum paid for interest and dividend of 413,957., or 2s. lOd. per cent. per annum. The total tralic receipts for the half-year amounted to 10,915,770!., the working expenses to 5,188,4731., or 47 53 percent., leavin aprofit on the working of 5,727,2971., or -52.47 per cent. of the receipts. The receipts for the corresponding period of 1854 amounted to 10,168,1561., the working expenses to 4,870,7791. or 47'90 percent., and the net profit on the working to 5,297,3771., or 52-10 per cent. of -the receipts. The capital of 20 railways upon which no dividend was paid on the ordinary shares amounted to 25,707,0771., of which 12,922,9471. consisted of mortgage and preference capital, andl2,784,1301. of ordinary capital. The traffic re*ceipts on those lines, 9374 miles in length, for the half-year amounted to 695,935?., the sundries and balance from last accoumt to 74,8091., making a total of 770,7441. The work3mg expenses amounted to 3820,6411., the mortgage and preference charges to 315,4021., and the rents and tolls to 16,4871., together 714,5301., leaving a balance of 56,2141. As comrared with similar items of lSrailways, 8074 miles in length, at the corres;onding period of 1854, an increase of 519,708!. is shown in the ordinary capital, and 495,0871. in the mort. .gro and [preference capital, making a total increase of 1,614,795l. The increase in the traffic receipts for the halfyea7 amounted to 75,0E61. ; in sundries and balances from the precedin- half-year, 32,007!.; total, 107,0931. The in^crease in the working and other expenses amounted to .35,"56l., in the mortgage and preferential char7esto75,626l., and in the reuns and tolls to 3,SS2!. ; total, 114,763. ; shoNvinga decrease in the balance of 7,670!. 'lhe capital of 67 railways upon whose ordinary share capital dividend was paid amounted to 234,824,0291., including 99,287,8V00. of mortgage and preference carital, and 135,530,229!. of ordinary capitaL The traffic for the half-year on those lines amounted to 10,219,35l., sundries and balanices from preceding half-year to 8ll,906.; total, 11,031,741l. The working expenses and other charges for the sane period amounted to 4,805,8321., the mortgage and preferential charges to 2,157,3051., and the rents and tolls to 677,157!. ;total, 7,640,294!., eaving -2,805,446!. paid in dividends on ordinary shares, and a balance of 586,001!. for the next half-year. The length of line from which the traffic was derived was 6,917, miles against 6,784 miles at the corresponding period of 1854, showing an increase cf 133A miles. As compared with similar items in the corresponding period of 1854, an increase is shown of 775,462!. in the amount of the ordinary capital of 7,677,630!. in the amount of mortgage and preference capital, together 8,453,0921.; an increase of 072,528!. in the trafic, 105,486!. in sundries and balances, together 778,014l. There is also shown anincrease of 2S2,3391. inthe working and other charges, 223,032!. in mortgage and preference charges, and 46,1296. in rents and tolls, together 551,497!. The increase in the dividend on the ordinary shares amounted to ST,7531., and in the balance carried over to thae next half-year 138,764!. CEFORTS OF COMMITTEES ON RAILWAY BILLS. ALtoaD VALLEY. lord STA, LEY reported from the committee on this bill that the proposed capital of the company is 85,0(0!. and the amount of loan 28,0001. The whole of the shareholders ay be conidered as having a local interest in the line, and the amount of ca,ital subscribed for by them is 64,920!. ¶ihe length of the line is 16 miles 5 furlongs, and the steepest oradient upon it is 1 in 70. It is intended to cross on tlevel six roads. The estimated cost of the line is S5,C00l., and the quantity of land required is 94 acres. 31r. B. H. Blyth, Mir. E. mlyth, and Ir. Tawkshaw were the engineers examined in support of the bill, and Mr. Willett, ;1r. Collister, and Mr. Errington were the engineers exan ired in opposition to it. The committee were satisfied of the fitness, in an engineering point of view, of the proposed railway. The Earl of MAxRcs reported from the committee that the objects of the bill were to authorize the Norfolk Company to become shareholders to a limited extent in the Wells and Fakenham ERailway Company, and to appoint directors of that company. SH3EEWIIURY AND HEREFoPD. Mr. ADAIR reported from the committee on this bill that the principal objects of it were the consolidation of the existing acts of the company, the enlargement of the station accommodation, the formation of additional sidings, and the laying down of a double line of rails throughout the said line of railway, and the increase of the capital ofthe company. The additional capital proposed to be raised under the bill is 225,C000., and by mortgage or bond 75,0001. The estimated cost of the works not previously authorized proposed by the bill is 3,000!. The quantity of land re!Iuired is 20 acres. Slr.D. Wyliewastheengineerexamined in support of the bill. YARNIOUTn AND HADDISCOF. Tne Earl of SLxx.Cir reported from the committee on this Lill that the proposed capital of the company was 90,0001. and the amount of loan 2.5,0001. There are 91 shareholders 'who may be considered as having a local interest in the line, and the amount subseribedhy them is 45,780!. The number of other persons being shareholders is seven, and the capital taken bythem amounts tS 16,650!. The length of the railway is Smiles 34 chains, and the steepest gradient on it is 1 in 104. The estimated cost of the railway is 82,5001., and the crantity of land required is 74A acres. Mr. T. E. Harrison, Mr. G. Berkeley, and Mr. J. Fowler were the engineers examined in support of the bill, and no engineer *was examined in opposition to it. The committee were satisfied of the fitness, in an engineering point of view, of the proposed railway. The committee bad amended the bill by inserting the East Suffolk Railway Company as the company with whom working arrangements are to be made, and found the same as amended to be true. IPRISH RAILWAVY RETURNS, snsE UPsT ro THE aEPEC=vx DATES AS u'nDEs 1856. 1855. Name of Railway. a. d. £. s. d EelfaataadBaalymenua, fayS ..3 . 1.016 511 . 915 17 0 Bef-ast and Conty Down. BayI .4 - 269 19 5 .. 263 12 9 -Cork. Blackrock. and 'assage, MayS3.. 158 17 4 169 10 3 Cork and Bnedon, MayS -.. .. .. 303 5 2 258 0 10 Dublin and Xing3town,May 6 .. 1.719 16 10 .. 1,32 10 10 Dublin and Wickiow, Nay 3. 513 19 7 .. 381 16 6 .Dublia andDrogheda May 4 .. 1,518 L9 41 .. 1,613 8 21 DublinandBelfastJnaction, May 4 1,032 4 9 .. 96 IS 9 intereston.Naran Brach . 1. l 08 S 0 99 0 0 .Dunduak and Enniskillen, Mlay 4 . 337 0 3 .. 336 19 10 Great Southern and Western, May 3 . 7,363 8 11 . 6,795 13 5 Irish South-astern, hay 3 . .. 225 0 9 , 26010 8 Eilarmey Junction,3May 3 . .. 327 1l 3 271 8 10 Londcnderryand Einiskillen, MayS .3 S1 12 6 . 614 6 5 Ilandonderry and Coleraine, May5 283 18 2 .. 236 14 5 MidlandGreatwestem, 3ay4. .. Z285 38 2 .. 2,924 8 4 'Clster, May.4 1.422 310 .. 1,409 3 4 Wate-ford and Kilkenny, May 3 . 327 4 1 360 1 5 lWaterford and Limerick, May3 1,036 3 8} 1,060 0 8
iYV BE STPAHAX AND CO. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As counsel for the plaintiffs, I must beg to correct some inaccLuacies in the letter of Mrs. Gore inserted in The Tima of to-day. The application to the Rolls' Court was not made, as it would appear frem Mrs. Gore's letter, to stay proceedings against the company by the assignees of Messrs. Strahan only, but by them and Ms. Gore, and it Was rendered necessary in consequence of a claim ratsed by MAs. Gore which the assignees do not admit. 31rs. Gore has also misquoted the expression ,of which she complains. The exact expression used was, "h.ve come into the possession of the defendant, Catherine Frances Gore:' I sh feel obliged by your inserting this communtcation, as the company might be injured by the inference to bh drawn from Mrs. Gore's letter -viz., that they were resisting payment of a just 4demand. The company were mere stakeholders, having no interest in the matter, and were ready to pay as soon as it -could be ascertained who was entitled. e company paid ;the sum in dispute into court, and an injunction was .yrarted to restrain all proceedings against them by Mrs. Gore and tho assignees. Your obedient servant- MiFANX W. BUSH. Lncda7s-ln, way 10.
STATE OF TBADE. MANCHESTER, MAY 10. The market has been quiet throughout the week, buyers havIng abstained from business a good deal in the expectiation tLat pricesmmay bo forced down a little, now that the cotton-market is in a less excited and feverish state from speculation. In some kinds of cloth, such as 40-inch shirt. ingS for India, and domestics, this effect has been produced, prices havingo a tendency to decline, though better supported than might have been expected. In S6-inch shirtin,gs, print. era, and most of the fabrics that have recently been in much demand, prices are better supported. Manufacturers under orders are indifferent about new contracts at lower price, while some who are beginning to stock a little prefer holding their goods to a sacrifice of them at lower rates. In yarns, prices were a little easier on Tuesday, but have been steadier since. The business done, however, has been limited, no great desiro to purchase having been manifested by any class of buyers. B MNG AI MAY 10. The prospects of the iron trade of South Staffordshire continue to be encouraging; orders, not only for the foreign, but for the home market, are increasing; and underselling, which prevailed to a considerable extent a few weeks ago, IS upon the decrease. The demand for the United States is decidedly better, more particularly forbars; and for home consumption there is a considerable call for sheets and plates. Nail-rods are advancing, and this, too, in spite of the quietude of building speculations. The iron-market may be described as generally healthy, the leading houses, makers of best kinds, being full of orders for the current quarter. The chief drawback to the anticipations of only a few days ago has been the intelligence received by the last mail from North America, to the effect that the Secretary to the Treasury at Washington has revoked his late order respecting the mode of levying duties on the cost price of iron at the works in this country, and has reverted to the old system, by again requiring duties to be paid on the cost of iron free on beard at the sea ports of the united kingdom. All, or the greater part, of the correspondents of the Birmingham merchants in North America state that the Secretary at WlRashington found that he was not justified by law. in making the change which in the first place he announced, but that the recurrence to the old system of levying duties, after the hopes suddenly produced by their revocation, will have, temporarily, an injurious effect upon the iron and hardware trades of this country. It was a step in advance of free-trade, which the Secretary was compelled for a time to retrace. Pig-iron, notwithstanding rumours of a decline of price, continues extremely firm; and so long as it does so there is no chance of a reduction in the rates of merchant and malleable iron. The stocks of the district were remarkably limited, and the demand extensive. Good hot blast mine pigs are realizing 41. 15s. per ton. Cinder pigs are stated to be produced in greater quantities than ever ; but, not,withstanding the comparative lowness of their price, they are not in great request, and scarcely support the prices asked a fortnight ago. The best qualities are chiefly in demand, and this speaks well for the iron make of South Staffordshire. The pigs produced in the northern division of the county, although it is said they are pressed among the ironmasters of the south, do not appear to be much in favour, and find far from a ready sale. The Shropshire make, at the same time, continues to be in request. Although, considering the season of the year, the demand for coal is good, prices are not well maintained, and the tendency is towvards a further decline. There never was a period when so large a quantity of coals was produced in South Staffordshire as at the present time; and yet they find a sale at only a comparatively small reduction of rates. Within these few days the collieries at Pelsall and Brown. hills-xuntil lately the property of Mr. Greene, the banker of Lichfield-have been sold by the assignees of that gentleman's estate to Messrs. Morris (of London) and Churchill (of Wolverhampton) for 30,0001.; and the bargain is said to be a very goodt one for the purchasers. Some idea of the great increase which in the course of a short time has taken place in the production of coal in this district may be formed from the fact that Mr. M'Clean, from his mines in Cannock, produces and conveys by railway at the rate of 2,500 tons of coal weekly more than he did two years ago- and that at the Pelsall and other collieries recently sold, the excess of production so conveyed during the same period is 1,500 tons, making no less than an increase of 4,000 tons per week. When the whole of Cannock Chase shall be thoroughly mined-and from present appearances the time is not very distant-it is difficult to compute what will be the immense quantity of coal, and that, too, of the very best quality which will be produced. The bill now before Parliament for rating ironstone and other minerals, hitherto free from such charges creates considerable uneasiness, as might be expected, among the ironmasters and mine proprietors of the district, and a vigorous opposition is tbreatened. Persons, however, uninterested in such properties see no great amount of injustice in the measure. The ironfounders of the neighbourhood are generally becoming pretty well employed. During the present week specifications for several public companies, such as for gas and water-orks, have found their way into the market ; and for railways the demand is encouraging. The Glasgow and South-Eastern Company require tenders for the supply of iron and steel malleable"iron forgings, iron castings,nails, spikes, copper. glass, coal, &c., while for drainage-piping, required in all parts of the kingdom, the demand is very great. Tlhe chain department is active, and even for heavy cables there has not been any perceptible falling off. The patent safe manufacture is carried on to an unusually large extent, not only in Birmingham, but in some parts of the immediate neighbourhood. The factors of Birmingham-who are really tlemost competent to speak of the general condition of hardwvare businesses throughout the country-speak hopefully of a returning trade. No class of tradespeople are subjected at times to greater losses; but still, duringthe war, none more firmly maintained their credit and position than they have. The immense variety of the articles in which ithey deal, almost all of which are subject to the fickleness and caprice of fashion, the innovations of useful science, and occasionally the introduction of what are termed patented improvements, all conspire to render their stocks of hardware goods, if heavy, extremely uncertain and insecure in value. This evil, however, they generally appear to eschew; and, in imitation of them, the ironmongers of the kingdom have of late been chary of buying more than required for immediate use. Stocks are, consequently, unusually smal, both in the wholesale houses of Birmingham and the hardwvare establishments of the country. A demand is now, however, setting in for staple articles of household use; and, although cash is at present stated by travellers to be scarce, orders are daily becoming heavier and more numerous than they were before Christmas. Of all the local trades of the town which have suffered bythechanges of taste, the old buttonbusinessis most entitled to commiseration. The old hard white has given way to the bone, and the gilt and plated to the Florentine button, so that the ancient branches for which Birmingham in olden days was famed has, except for exportation, become all but entirely extinct. The late orders for the army and navy gave the brass button trade for the time an impetus, but, notwithstanding the various attempts which of late years have been made to re-establishl it, the manufacture is comparatively lifeless, and some branches are labouring under the greatest depression. The pearl button trade is also at the present time very inactive, and some establishments but indifferently eniployed. There was during the week, some stir among the steel toy manufacturers, and, ifjthe money market would only get a little easier, it is stated that, notwithstanding the imnense nuimber of newly-built unoccupied houses which are to be seen in the neighbourhoods of most manufacturing towns in the kingdom, butmore especially in the vicinity of Birmingham, building operations would be again renewed upon an extensive scale. To some extent they have commenced already, and recently the consequence has been a better demand for locks, hinges, and the various descriptions of brass and iron foundry for house erections. Commercial men represent that the greatest improvement in the hardware business is perceptible in towns chiefly supported by the agricultural interest, and that, although in the manufacturing districts of the north appearances are cheering, in the south and western counties they are still more encouraging. The state of the military arm manufacture continues to be satisfactory. One or two contracts, which up to the present time had for some months previously been continuous, have been suspended; but, generally, Government work is proceeding as it has done for months past. The fact is, that, as contracts now stand they, cannot be concluded vithout six monthe' notice from the Board of Ordnance, and no notice has as yet been received,by the contractors; and the Tower work proceeds as before the conclusion of peace. The pistol manufacture is slack, althou"h there are some orders ,n hand for the Autaia and Ca¶iforuian markets; but the best makers of superior birding guns do not complain of any want of business. We statedlastweek that the "supineness"of theBirmingham Chamber of Commerce with regard to MIr. Lowe's measure for the abolition of the local shipping dues of Liverpool had been a subject of remark. The vice-chairman of the chamber says that in this respect we were in error; while, on the contrary, we still contend that we were, for the most part, correct. It was not our intention to deny that the attention of the council had been directed to the subject; our complaint was that, since the question was first introduced into Parliament up to the time at which we wrote, the public were uninformed as to any determined steps of opposition adopted by the chamber to the continued exaction by the Liverpool corporation of dues upon the exportation of Birmingham manufactures. While all other commercial and manufacturing townvs were moving, Bi-mingham, with its newly-established Chamber of Commerce, appeared to be at a standstill. By the courtesy of the secretary, we are now enabled to afford an explanation that, if not altogether satisfactory, relieves the conduct of the council in some degree from severe animadversion. It appears that en the l9th of February lsst the council adopted a petition to Parliament in favour of Mr. Lowe's measulre; but it was not until the 19th of April that they appointed a committee to collect evidence in its support. The question appears to have slumbered for two months. This iformation is derived from a perusal of their own minutes; and we believe we may addthat uptothe middle of lastweekthiscollection ofevidencewasnotcompleted. There canbeno doubtthatfromthecommencementthe council were in possession of evidence to justify the terms of their petition; but, notwithstanding, no attempt appears to have been made to place it before the Parliamentary committee now sitting until about the commencement of May, when it is stated the debate upon the Iars question prevented its introduction. This seems strange since the manufacturers of Manchester, Bolton, and other large manufacturing communities, together with the ironmasters of South Staffordshire, since then havebeenfullyheard, and have described, vithperfectjustice, the unfair impost to which their productions are subjected at the port of Liverpool. If any injustice has been done to the Birmingham Chamber of Commerce, it has certainly been unintentional, and must be attributed entirelyto the secrecy vith which the proceedings of the chamber are conducted. It is to be hoped that this little misunderstanding will have a beneficial effect upon its future operations; for in no large commercial town in England is a really efficient Chamber of Commerce more required than in the hitherto disorganized town of Birmingham. GLOCESTR, M Symptoms of a revival of trade are apparent, and the docks begin to assume a more a busy aspect than they have exhibited for many a month. Several vessels have sailed direct for Russian ports from Glocester, and in about twQ months we expect some important imports of grain from that countrv which may help to filU our almost empty corn warehouses. The stock of grain in Glocester at the comr mencement of the present month was as foUows :-Wheat, 22,709 quarters; beans, 17,624 quarters; oats, 15,590 quarters; barley, 680 quarters; tares, 288 quarters; Indian corn, Z2521 quartersi; dir!, '325 quarters; lentils, 620 quarters; and peas, 90 quarters. The following return shows the comparative imports of grain for the present year up to the commencement of May writh those of the corresponding period of 1855:- To MayI, 1855. TO May, 185. Quarters. Quarters. Wheat..,051 .. 15,103 Oats. ... .. . 2..29 Bean. 2.077 .. 5,061 Lentlz. - .. 774 Tares..7 . 70 Linseed. L200 .. _ Total .. 53,49 49,752 LEICESTER, iLwY 10. There has not been much demand this week for goods for the home market, comprisina useful sorts of general worsted hosiery; heavy articles are also in limited demand; indeed, almost the only description of goods in which-there is anythinglike a fair business transacting are gloves and fancy hosiery for the American fall trade. Several buyers from the United States have this week been in the market and operated to a fair extent. There is, however, a difficulty which can hardly be combatted. Buyers wish to purchase at the same prices as were given last season, and these rates many manufacturers will find it impossible to take, to realize a fair profit, on account of the difference of the price of raw material now compared with what it was a year ago; it is, therefore, highly probable that, in some cases where extra prices are insisted upon, orders may in a great measure be of limited character. Operatives wages are in most branches good. The workmen connected with the glove department have waited upon many of the manufacturers for an advance, and in many cases have been successful, some of the leading hosiers having given it readily. There is no alteration in the wool-market, but the extraordinary prce of 40s. to 42s. per tod is given for extra samples of frnares lots. lu worsted there is no change-the miDs aro ye' working short hours. NOTTINGEHAl, MAY 10. Trade of most descriptions continues in a satisfactory condition, though the home demand is to some extent limited by the coldness of the weather, and the general demand by the great advances that have taken place, and which continue to be increased, in the prices of silk and yarn. The A-merican lace buyers are now most of them here, and during the past week they have purchased very largely, particularly of p lain nets. They state that the past season in the United States, notwithstanding unfavourable weather, has been a very good one for business, and the coming season is expected to be equally satisfactory. Some large orders have also been received from the West Indies, and others, to a more moderate extent, from Germany. Thehome demand is much more satisfactory than could have been anticipated, the backward season considered. Hosiers are very busy executing the orders just planted for the United States, which, notwithstanding advanced rates consequent upon the rise in yarns and labour, are extensive. Other buyers are or rating as carefully as possible, in the hope that material will become cheaper-a hope for which there appears to be no present fonudation. LEEDS, MAY 10. The'business at the coloured cloth-hall this morning, if anything, was not so brisk as at the preceding markets, though there was a good attendance of merchants. The transactions were chiefly for double-milled cloths. Tweeds, which have bceen in good demandlately, were not so muclh inquired for, and in some parts of the district the miDs engaged in the manufacture of this class of goods are running short time. There has also been a fair business in black cloths for some time past. At the white cloth-hall the tone of the market was better. The stocks are not large, either in the hands of the manufacturers or the merchants, and great caution is exercised by aU parties, for the price of the rawv material is such at to check speculative transactions. The merchants are not disposed to give more money, and the price of wool renders it almost impossible to manufacture at present prices without deteriorating the quality of the unmanufactured article, and trying to ma e up for it in the finish. There appears little prospect that the present wool sales, which commenced on Thursday night, wil result in any reduction in the price of wool; indeed, the tendency is upwards instead of dow nwards. TheLeeds-Intelligencer of this morning says':- "There was a large attendance of buyers, both English and foreign. The bidding was extremely spirited, and occasioned an average advance upon last sales of lid. per lb., on scoured wools fuUy 2d. These are about theprices asked by the staplers during the last few weeks. The total quantity to be offered is larger than was anticipated-four cargoes which have arrived durina the present week having brought uplthe amount to 153,00 bales, of which 23,000 are Port Phillip; and the time which the sales wil occupy has been extended to June 3. Wools of every class are in first-rate condition, and are likely to ' prove' well. Many ordinarily large buyers are holding off, at least for the present, not considering the prospects of either the Leeds or Bradford trade sufficiently good to warrant present prices, and certainly, unless business should very decidedly revive, or foreign requirements should exceed all reasonable anticipation, it does not seem likely that these rates will be maintained for any length of time." This state of things necessitates great caution, and it is difficult at present to indicate what the future will bring forth. There is a hope that the home trade wil improve, but the present price of all articles of domesticconsmnuptiondoes not warrant any very sangune expectations, neither does it justify any gloomy forebodings. If we have fine weatlser we shall probably see some reduction in agricultural produce, but not to any material extent for some time-indeed we can scarcely anticipate any decided change until a more accurate judgment cna be formed of the next harvest. If that should be even an average one, now that peace is restored, we may hope to wvitness more buoyancy in all departments of manufacture. In the local wool trade there is little or no alteration to notice. For English wool the price continues fini, and in foreign wool an advance is looked for equivalent to the advance at the London sales. In the Bradford trade the spinners complain, and are restricting their operations. In the Halifax market the staplers evince a desire to effect sales, but as yet there is no ginvg way in price, though there is an anxiety to get rid of old stocks before the new clip reaches the market. There is less doing in noils and shorts, without much alteration in value, and the yarn trade is very quiet, merchants being indisposed to accede to the high prices which the spinners must ask to secure a profit. The piece trade is affected materially by the continued high price of the raw material, which ranges something like 6d. per lb. higher than at tho same period lastyear. Atto-day'smarketwoolMas firm, and business quiet. In worsted and yarns the prices tended upwards. To-day we have a very agreeable change in the weather, and certainly not before it was wanted, for we have had a on" continuance of dry cold east winds, which have materially checked vegetation of all kinds. DU7BLIN, Mn 10. Trade has been a trifle more active this week than it has been for many months past, but the increased activity is only worthy of notice as being, we trust, the commencement of more vigorous movements in business than prevailed of late. The weather is still harsh and unseasonable, and exercises an unfavourable influence over many branches of trade, being calculated to maintain extremely high prices and to restrict operations. Smithfield this week was fairly supplied with cattle of good quality, and, contrary to expectations, recent prices were fully maintained. The provision markets were fully as high as last week, and, owing to the continued scarcity of the different articles of consumption, there appears no great prospect of easier rates for some time to come. Sugar, goingby contraries-as is usual with this fickle article of traffic-is becoming firm in price as it increases in quantity in the market. The Customs' receipts for the week to Thursday inclusive were 19,6821. against 17,7071. last week. The following is an abstract of duties received at the port of Dublinfor the week ended May 3:- Tea, 5,6501. 18s. 6d.; refined sugar, 5751.17s. 6d.; 3luscovado sugar, 3,2061. 3s. 3d.; coffee, 1911. 3s. 8d.; wine, 2,1421. 2s. 9d. ; spirits, 7791. 9s. 7d. ; tobacco, 3,3931. lGs. 2d.; timber, 251.; miscellaneous. 1681. 4s. 9d. The stock and share market has been exceedingly quiet during the week, with littlo business doing, and prices much the same in every respect as last week. BELFAST, MAY 9. Linen.-We are enabled to report steady trade in the more finished departments of onr provincial staple. Bleached linens sell in full quantities for the home and foreign mark-etc. For so far i the season, the quantity of goods exported exceeds by about 50 per cent. that of last year. and the prospects of trade for the coming portion of 1856 are very favourable. In the general run of houses stocks do not bulk largely. Great activity has prevailed at the several bieachfields in this and the next county. Vast quantities of goods were finished and sent in during the past four months, stil the demand has kept pace with that activity, and, as we have stated, stocks are in moderate compass. The thread trade lIas been very brisk, and sales effected at fuU prices. The Board of Trade returns for the month, and three months ending the 31st of March last, show a very important increase in the export of linen and linen yarns, as the following figures prove:- Exported during the three months end'inlg the 31st of 3March. Linen Manufactures.Linen Yarn. Year. Yiaen rdsm.actll Year. rounds. 1856 34,075,300 1856 5,870,467 1855 23,057,879 1855 2,994,150 Increase ... 11,017,421 Increase ... 2,876,317 or47 per cent. or 96 per cent. The following figures represent the exports for this port during the month of April:- Linon. Linen Yan. year. Yards. Year. rounds. 185 5,746,000 185 955,92 1855 2,777,300 1855 777,280 Increase ... 1,969,000 Increase ... 178,640 or 52 per cent. or 23 per cent. It is a singular fact that the imports and exports of linen yarn at this port during the month of April exactly equal each other. Flax.-The markets for the past. week have been rather poorly supplied with flax, chiefly owing to farmers being busy buying and getting their flaxseed mto the ground, a much greater breadth of whiell has been sown than was at first expected. In Cootehill, BaUybay, Monaghan, and Aughnacloy about 50 tons appeared. In Armagh, Cookstown, Rathfriland, and Tandragee about 20 tons appeared, whics sold at the following prices:-Handscutched, from 5s. to 7s. 6d. per stone; and milled, from 6s. 6d. to 1s. 6d. per atone of lWlb. F!or foreign flax there has been only a limited business passing at our quotations. Cotton.-The movements in cotton and cotton yarn for the first quarter of 1856 have been very large, and if profits were at all equal to transactions, the trade would have no reason to complain. In the export of goods, the amount of value sent fronm these countries has been 6,330,2G91., and in yarns 1,930,9501. These figures are satisfactory, so far as regards the extent of business; and, as there has been les-i pressure on manufacturers, the margin between the pro- c6eds of sales aud cut of produiction should tela fair tale in fawvour of capitalists. Our present advices from L:ancashire and the {et seat of etotn manufacture in Scotland ae favourabie. With a few exceptions, the trade has kept up weJl dunng the pes four months, and in the manufacture of plain goods business haa been reported as very healthy. In our own locality a great demand exists for good hands at the loom; manufacturng houses employ more than the usual amount of labour, and still more would be engted were it to be had of the quality required. Skilled labour, at the cotton loom is at present in excellent demand, and energetic weavers are able toeanfull wages. The hand-loomweavers m t.he North of Irelandhave had muchto struggle against during the last two years, and now, without a movement on their art, they fmnd wages raised 10to 20per cent. from themere competition of employers. Yarns, weft and warp, are not igher. Markets stAnd fir, and the demand for finc twist is activa. Belfast and Bangor spinnings are bare in stock.
THE COBS TRADE. LMERPOOm, v.Ail The returns of saest of British wh-eat, as per "1Gazette," for the week ending the 3d inst. are 101,55 quarters at M6. 66.. per quarter ; corresponding week I85, 102.082 quarters, at 6%. 56. per quarter;ditto, 1854, 66,51 quarters, at 79Os. Md per quarter. A very Smali attendance at our CDhm-xchange jeshrday. In the moderate business psssing in wheat and dlour, buyers confined themselves to Select qualities, for which holders obtained the extreme rates of Tuesday. The range of prices is wide: the lower American red wheat 9s. 6d. UP to Os 06.. Per T 01b for the best,;white, from 10s. 3d. to IUs, d. per7 lOb. American flour from 29s-to Pie,per 196T. Very little Americani white Indian corn offered, and it advanced Is, Per quarter, 3Ie. 66.. Per 4801b. having been paid ; yellow in fair sae, at folly late rates. 29s. 66.. to POs. top) quotations. Every other article of the corn trade exhibited grat firmness and in fair demand, owing probably to the coldness of the weather. Linseed cake has advance % per ton: £9 103. per ton for best English maeke and America thn To-day there is a sensible improvement in the temperature, but no symptom of rain. The trade main~tains its firm attitude, but no transactions of consequence transpired to-day. - N)flINGHAMz MAY10O. The cold weather which commenced at the latter end of April atmn conLtinues, but there are symptoms of a change. "1ApriL, for the moat part (asays Mr. Tillery, elf Welbieck), was a very favourable monthx for the growing crepe, plenty Of moisture having fallen, and the temperatuor being nearly equal to the average. Rain fell on 17 days, the rain guago registering 2 inches 65 parts, considerably above the average fall. The thermometer was highest on tbe 13th, 60 degrees : and lowest, 29 degrees 2 minutes, on the 9th. The miean temperature of the monLth. tak,enfromM10obseerations, was one degree below the average. Owing to the copious supply of mnoisture in April, young wheats have Progressed favourably, and are now too forward to be materially hurt by the present ungenial weather. Seldom has the barley brairded faster or better, but the frosty mernings make it change coloUr in places where it is too Muich exPosed. Winter beans have wintered well ibis year, and will soon be showing blossom ; thus escaping the aphis which often injures the Pods in July of those sown in the spring. Pastures are now well covered with herbage, and farmers will soon be able to keep their stoock at a cheaper rate, hay anxd olleakre having been verydearduringthe,winter. Potatoesare still bundauatlyeupplledinthe mark-ets,withnorisingpri-id-tesar yUlhneoecoen The crop of 1895 must have been tbe best, both in quantity and quality, grown in any year since the mildew first attacked thkem. May commencedI with bleak, winds from the N.E. and NT.W., aned these, continue. Morning frosts have been seere, and the expanded blossoms of pears, cherries, and plums, stand a poor chance of setting well in the face of haitshowers and strong frosty winds. Gooseberries and currants are well protected by their leaves, still, much of the young fruit, where exposed, is blackened and wvithering. The asparagus, young potatoes, and other tender ve-getables above ground are mucha injured, and will be kept very backward, unless a favourable change comes quickly." We hadl at our mnarketl to-day a fair, but not a large, eupplyof wheat; the sellers asked Is. per quarter advance, but the business done was kLt Prices about the samne as last woeek. The malting season seems to be over ; yet there wrere a few sales of barleymade at the price of hast week Inferior qualities were neglected. Oats and, beans were in improved demand, at price in favour of the seller. The present prices of grain and flour in Nottingham ure as follen:Wheat, white, old, 78s. to 82s. per P6 atone; new, 74is. to 82s. ; red, old, 70s. to 75s.; new. 64s. to 71& ; barley, for malitng, 421s. to 47s. per quarter; for grinding, 37s. to 3%-.; oats, 27e, to 32s. per 24 .tone ;beans, old, 50s. to 541s. Per 38 stone ; new, 4I& to 47s. ; lour, uper, 52s. to 5se. per 20 stone ; fine. doe, to 51s. LEICESTEII Mxy 10. Through the prevalence of the north-east winLds the we-ather has been very severe, and the young wheat has not Progressed much during the last week. The e-arly sown is, however, looking well, the wheat being of a goed tLsiekuess. In some districts whieat three week's ago was, looking thin; since that time there has been a marked improvement ; offshootsgare spreading, and, from present appearances, - avourable crops may be anticipated. The quantity of wheat sown this year exceeds that of several previous seasone, and farmers almost all agree that thxe crops are looking bettor new than at this period last year, and although to a certain degree checked, still, when the weather becomes more genial, the crops will make very rapid progress, as the refreshing rainishave well saturated the ground. The seacon has been favourable for barley sowring, and the plant is almost generally lookin;. well. We hear favourable reports respecting the appearance of oats asoalso of beans. The grass lan3dshavenmuch improved during the last fortnight; the rain fellat afavoeirable period, and there islittle douabt that with genial weather good crops will be realized. Fat stock hasi net advanced, in price stareour last report. At ourmarket beasts were inx good supply, and made fully last week's rates; while sheep, wWhihwere plentiful,.sold at rather redoced prices. Beef, Od.toild. mutton, 63d. to7li.1 per lb. At our corn-market, this morning the show of wheatfrom the farmnen was rather more thanan average, and there was a goDd attendance of growers and, millers Wheat was in moderate demand, and farmers could niot sell at any advance upon last week's prices which were acceded to. There w-as not muchbharleyat market: wvhat was disposed of sold at the quotations of last week. Oats were scarce, and miaintained late rates. Ini beans (of whicah the supply was smell) there was very little alteration, in most instances the rates of last week, being sub. miitted to. 'White wheat, 72s. to 75s. ; red, 70s. to 72s. ; barley, 42si. to 46s. ; Oats, Mos. to 35s. ; beans, 4%s. to 52e, per quarter. Fine dlour, 52e. to 53s. ; seconds, 5%a. to 51s.: thirds. 4Ss- per 20 stone. At Melton Mowhbray wvheat realized the prices of last week. In bsarley theme was no alteration. Oats and beans issaintained fully the quotations of last wveek.. At 'Market Has-borough there was a slight advance upon the price of wheat. Barley wras sear-cs at last week's prices. Oats and beans rather in favour of the seller. At Lougheborough wheat was Is. per quarter dearer than last week, w,ith a quiet trade. In barley there was an advance of Gd. per quarter. Beans sold at pri--.sinufavour ofthe grower. In oats there was anadvance of Is. per quarter. LINOLIN, MAY 10. During the greater part of the week the weather has been exceedingly cold and ungenial, and vegetation has to some extent been checked, The crops have not made much progress during the last fort night in consequence of the continued north-east wiinds, andtho paf7 tures as wellas wheat looked almost as forward then as at the present time. The wheat plant appeass vigorous in the mnarshes, and promaises well, while in a portion of the fens the plants have sustained some damage, through the soil beingblownfrom the roots bythe heavy gales three weeks ago. We have, oss the whole, favourable acceunts resecting barley, which, however, in some districts is suffering from the cold weather. Winter beansare well spoken of,and oats are lookciag well. The pasturs are improving, and there is a good deal of bottom grass. Shouldthe yield bees3prolific as it newpromises~,the didficultie wMhihfarmera have for several yearspasthadtocont~eid with (shortness of k-eep for earnse) will, in a gret meaure be remedied. Through the scarcity of food now, fat stock. has been in many cases hurried into the market; and both beef and mutton, although sellingat high rates, would have been dearer under different circumstances, Fatsetock has this week realized high prices. At Peterborough,with a smaill upply, beef was dullof sale atfs. per stone; mautton realize I 7s. 6d. to 7s.9d. per stone. At Boston fair there were about 20,000 chieep penned, and high prices were obtained. Some fine shearling wethers realised 78s.per head. Fat cheep realized 7d. per lb. At Newark, the supply-of fat stock-was good ; beef fetched 7s. 6d. to Ss. per stoeno; mutten 7d. per lb. At Oskhamr, whith a small supply, cheep realized veryhig-hrates.AtStasnford,lamb-hogswereacarce, buthoiginprice, and a slow sale took- place at an advance of 4s. to 5s. per head. Fat shecep sold for 7d. to TAd. per lb. For fat beasta the high price OfMC. to Os Gd. per stoen was given. At our corn-markeot yesterday there was a rather small chow of wheat and atolemblo attendance of millers and farmers. For wheat there was a dull demand at an advance of Is. per quarter Over the quiotations of last week. Therewas s very little doing in barley, and farmers succeeded in obtaining rather more money than last week. Oats were scarce and the extreme sates of last week- were kealized. There was net much doing in beama at late quotations. White wheat, lBs to 79s.; red, 70s. to Md, malting barley, dIes. to 45s. ; grinding, .SOs to dOe,; oats, 2s. to 32a.;bean., 483. to 5Os,per quart-er. At Spalding, the besrt samples of wheat realized an advance of Is. to 2s p-er quarter; inferior sorts were also dearerthianulast week. B3arley scarce, and rather higher.. Osk and beajas were disposed of at pricea in favour of the grower. At Louth, wheat experienced a good domnand, at the quotations of last week. Barley wasunaltered in value. Oats and beans maintained Lat week's prices, At Gainsborough. wheat was in active demanid, and farmers succeeded in obtaining an advance of Is. per quarter%over last week's rates. Barley in short SeIPPly, at fully last week's Prices. No alteration in the prices of oats, bean; and peas. At Boston,wheat was in short supply,and the trade' ruled dull, at an advance of Is. per quarter over lat week-'s prices. Very little doing in barley, at full prices.Oats andbeais maintainel I zst week's quetations. At Newark, the beat samples of wheat realized Is. per quarter more money.than last week-, while inferior sorts were neglected. In barley theroewas noaleatio~n. Oats and beans maintainedIlate rates. At Market Basin, there was3anuadvance ofis.to 2s.i g-er quarter upon wheat. Barley a thinx supply, at unaltered rates.' Oats and beans were unchanged in value. At Lynn, wheat realised last week's Prices at the commencement of the market, hot towards the close3 there was a slight reduction. Very little barley offered, at late rates. Thero wasanactive demman for oats andhbeans, at foil Prices. At Afford, there was a short supply of wheat, which was disposed of at last week',s prices. In barley there was no change. Oats and beans maintained late rates. At Upplaghama the quxotations, were :-Whits, wheat. l0s, to lie. ; red, 68.. to 7Os. ; barley, dOs. to d4s. ; oats. l6s. to 30s. ; beans, 38s. to Ida. per quarer. DERBY, M&r 10. The weather sti Continues unseasonably cold, and vegetation is elmost at a stand. The young wheats hays, however, received as yet no injury, being in too forward a state, owing to the rainis in the latter rart Of the Past month, to be damaged by the present sevrew weather. From. most districts we bays favourable accounts respecting wheat, which is, lookng healthy and vigorous. Barley has come up most luxuriantly, but the Continual frosty nights are unfavourable to the plant, and inL the more exposed dietaicts it is beginning to Change colour. Oats are looking weill and we have favourable reports of the aPpearanc of beans. The pastures have greatly improved, and there is every indication of a good yield. Potatoes stil continue ix Plentifunl supply, and of exicellent quality. Fat stock- is selling at high prices. At Chesterfield fair the supply of fat earns was smill, and reallzed excellent Price; good milk-ers and fresh barrn besets also realized good prices. There was a fair supply of sheep, which sold at full mark-et rates. At our ovn market fat beasts were in exceUent supply, and a good clearanco was effected at G6L to d. per lb. Fats hcep were plent fl, andsoldwellat7d. toO&Lperlb. At our corn-market yes-erday tho supply of comrfrom the farmers wa3 hardly an average one, and the attendanoe of famers and millers was less numerous than usual. In wheat there was rather a slow demand, at an advance of Is to 2s. per quarter over the quotations of last week. Barley was short in supply. and is. per quarter higher than Last week. Oats were in limited supply, and farmers succeeded in obtaining an advance of ls. to 2s. per quarter. Beans were scarce, and fully Is. per quarter dearer than last week. White wheat, 763. to 7S3.; old red. 73le to 7%.; new red, 72l. to 44s. ma3ting barley, OSL to 493. per impenal measure; grinding barley. 37s. to UBs. per 30 stone. 01O oats, 3l. t9 34Ms; new oats, 294, to 3I, per 24 atsoe, Old beMan, 0%. to 51; new, dli, to 46g. Per 38 atone, flair, Cas. to Su; mupar floes,5Ms, to GSS. per 20utone, DONOABTER, WAY 10.- Thei weather has 9agai been very severe since last Saturday, &an ther have beena two or three sharp froets at night, with bitterly cod winds int the daytime. Yegterday and ta-day, however, We bare had some sunshine and a more genia temperature, although, the winde atmsiein thenorth, and rarelyveera beyondth(e east Wehave had one or two showers dining the week, but the land is in no want oflmoisture. it only needs warmth. The farmere reports tbiSm3orning are altogether maore aatisfactoe than we could have expected. Unfavojirable as the weather has been for vegetation, there is a pretty uniform opinion that the wheats on the strongest and beat tillednolla have as yet been very little injured. Where the land is poor or badly cultivated the case is differenit; the Plant has not branched onLt as it ought to hLave done, and it looks very weak andtibin. Yellow patches, indicating an unhesitby condition. are very prevalent in these lands, nor are the best crops by any means free from them. In the formner case, h1oweTer, fEavourable, weather will soo obliterate these blemishes; but in the latter it is only a question howr much lose will be sustained. It is insasn like this thatgood maagement tells, and those who need auypracticat Proof that a liberal cultivation is the truest economy of the) soi1myfind abundantexamples thereofat the present moment. The change in the weather yesterdayhasa alread produed an improvement in the general aspect of the growing wheat~ and it is devoutly to be hoped we shall now continue to havme a, more seasonable te,mperature than we have had of late. Barley has suffe~red mnore than wheat; Its growth has been retarded, and it has turned a bad colour in many cases~,thiough wehopeit has not yet been permanently iujured. Oter kind of spring crn have aLsobeen check-ed andtheoplant wea;kened, but there ameno great complaints aty)resent. The seed pastures hav heeiagreatly damaged; clover is adelicate plantanud the night frosts, have been sostrong and frequent thatit has been cut off morm or less everywhere. Farmer grmnble at the difficulty of finding keep for cattle and sheep, and at most of the neighbouning markets and fairs all kinds of live stock- have had a heavy sae, andrecededin value. The farmers here seem to have but one opinion as to the stocks of wheat on hand. They all declare these to be decidedly thinner than usual, and that it wllbe impossible to keep themarke,ta so wellsupPlied up to next hasrvest as theyhlave been since last. This, however' irso frequently their cry about this time of the year thatjitis apt to be disregarded: but in this imstanra their Opinion seems to be corrborated by facts. The average yearly quantity Of British wheat sold in the principal markets of England and Wales in the lastlOr easwas 4,821,222 quarters. From. September last to the end of April there had been said in those markets 3,515,039 quarters ; so that if the yield of last harvest Was no more thian ar average one-and nobody believes itwas-we area month beforehanid 'with the consumption of homegrown wheat,as comPare,dwith ordinary years. Prxices have been very high since the last crop was gathered, and there can he no doubt the deliveries of the growers have been very liberal. At the same time there never into, perhaps3, more inferior wheat and four on hand thanx themeis at the present timne andit is well understood the milUers are making pretty free use of it. The'greater portion of the country millers) trade is still carried on by monopoly; but where they cannot regulate prices, they takeo to doctoring the meal.: At our market this morning we had not quite so good a show of wheat as lastwcek, although it was liberal for the season of the year. There was about an average attendance of buyers, who made free inquiries for good samples of both red and white wheat, for which holders asked more mnoney. The mark-et at Wakefield yesterday,how. ever, was very heavy. and purchasers evinced no disposition to Pay more here than they did there. Trade was, therefore, very inactive t-hroughout the morning, the hulk, of the tranEactions being at hast week's prices, while a few choice samples obtained a trifling advance. Holdor are however, very stiff, steadfastly adhering to the opinion that good wheat cannot recede in value before harvest. There wa3 hut little barley on offer, and nearly all of it grinding samples, There was very little demnandrfor it, anil sellers had to accept lower pricesThe trade in oats and beaus was very slack throughout ; the former rather declined in value; heanna were the same as before. The following arO Our quota%tiOns tO-daY-Wheat, at 2-83. to 27s. Per load of three imperial bushels; fine, 28s. to Sle.; biendrorn, 21 to 25s.; fine, 261.; rye, 1Os. to l7s.; new lieans, 16s1 to 17's.; fine, lBs. to l9s. ; old beaus, lOs. tDo20s. ;fine, 21s. ; gray peas,l16s. tol17s. ;white,15s. to 17s. ; new oats, 24s. to 211. per quarter; fine, 283. to 311L; grinding harley, 401. to 42s.; malttag harley, 43s. to 451. The ofici-al average price of wheat since this day week,is 174s. 6d. against 7Vs. Ljd. the previous week- ; barley, die, against d5s, 9d. ; oats, 24s. 6d. against 25s. 3d. rye, d9s. 4d. against 411. Ild. ; beans, 42sa 7d. against 39s1 lod. The maarkets in thia district have again been liberally suplied with wheat of good quality. At most of the markets prices have remained stationary, though,"t a buoyancy in the trade, while at some places ratess have advanced about Is. per quarter, and, in one instance from Is. to 2s. A fair amount of trade has been dono. Barley has t'ad a dlownward tendency, the fall ranging from Is. to 2-, per Quarter. Oats and bveans have only in one or two instances undergone any change, heans being rather higheiotnd Oats a little lower. The cheek given to the growth of grass and seeds byV the cold weather has again caused an active demand for linseed and other cak-es, which the crushers have not been able to) meet, and prices have advanced proportionately. WORCESITE-R, May 10. We have hadl another week- of dry cold weather withi frosty nijghts; and, although we have arrived atllear the middle of Mlay, vegetation is very backward, and grass especially, so that keep is very scarc, and the harvest must be late ; and, unless on alteration in the. weather take place soon, and some warm showers fall, vegetation generally must suffer. The wheatplant is supposed tobo suffering,,hut old farmers think that, if it does not grow above giround, it will root deeper and heroine eventually the stronger plant. Our mark-et to-day was well attendled, and farmers asked again rather more money for their wheat, English white, qs. 4dl. to Os. 6d. per bushel, and red, is. 6d. to9s. ; for malting barley a slack, demand at Is, 3d., and grinding, 4o. 9d. to 11. per bushel; new English beaus, Se. Sd. to is. lad,, and oldl, Ge. to Os. dd.;: foreign, 5e. to Is, 4dl. ; English oats, Is. to 4s.3d. perl9lb. ;Irish,3e, Pd. to) 4s. ; springvTetebes,6s. to 7s. per bushel; white Peas, 5s Pd. to 61., and gray, 5a to 5s. 6d. per bushel. Last Worceter averagea:-Wheat, £3 7s., Old. per quartecr; barley, £e 151 lId.; and beans, £2 is. per imperlalquarter. At the neighbouring markets wheat has everywhere advanced at least Is, per quarter. This was the rise at Wolverhampton on WednesdaY, At Kiddermainster, on Thursday, the supply ywasbsort, and the advance in wheat Is, per quarter. Barley in offer at a decline of Is. per qluarter, and little business doing. At Bretnogrove, on Teiesday, there was not much alteration. in Prices from last week. Barley. Gd. per bag lower; old beauis, 111., and newr 1ie, per 10 score; oats, 12I. to 18s, per eight srere, At Hereford, on Wednesday, the show oj samples was limilted, and fiue wheat realized ls. per quarter more money. Barley fell Is. per quarter, but beaus, oats, and peas wrere fully as dear. White wheat, Ss. Gd. to %Ps. per Silbk, and red, Ss. to Ss. Gd.; barley, is. 4d. to is. Pd. ;oats, Is. Gd. to 4s, 6d.; old beans 6s.to66s. 6, and new, 5s. to 6a; Peas, 5-. to Gs.; and spring tares-,Ss7 to Ps. per 6lib. The official average of wheat was 661. per quarter., Stock-, keeps up its high prices. At Dudley fair, on Mfonday, ftt beasts mets ready sale at good prices. Horses werea good supply,and fetehed high prices. At Chipping iNorton muttonx fetched Old., and at Ludlow beef sold at Old. per lb. GLOCESTER, Mar- 10. We hiave had onercargo of8,965 klog~rammes of wheat thisvweek-from gyrm, andiree arrivals of oats audclarley from Ireland, comprising 2,327 bacrels of the former,anmdl,85iibarrels of the latter. The-maretosontinues stiff, and prices must be quoted rather higher for Wheat. English white, 71e, to 73s. per quarter, and redl, G9s. to 783. Fomeign, as under:;-Choice Danube, 681 to 7TOo.; and Ibralla, G11. to 66s. per 4801b. Melting harley, 38e. to d0s.; and grinding. Mos. to lBs. per Quarter; Trish barley, 311. to lie, per 400 lb. New En',glish beans, 42e. to Ms.;' and old, 4Ms. ito 461. per quarter. Irish oats, 238. to 283. Gd for white; 221s. Gd. to 23-1 Gd for tawny; and 2ir. to 211 Gd. for black, per 312Tb. Peas, breakers, 383. to Slse.; and grinders, 42s, to 445r. per quarter. A4 the local markets of the week, prices have been well sustained. There was a fair business done at Cheltenham on Thursday, not. withistanding the election took, place oni that dlay. At Stow-onl-theWeld, wheat averaged £3 7s, id.; and hariey, £1 17s, lad, per quarter. The following remarks, of interest to the trade, are from Messrs Stur-ge's corn circular for May;- " The Govermrent of Russia now permits the free export of g-rain hut the only provinces in wvhichL there is any considerable stock- 'of old mhatsite o shipment are those around the Sea of Azoff. At the date of our last advicee it was still encumbered wvith cep, and it is netlikly hatan vesel wil inih ladig ith corn before the midde o Itay,espcialy a itis aidhatthedifficulties and delays incuredin hipingprodce romtheshalowports Of this sea, which we elive ncldesallexcpt erdsnai, illbe greatly increased by expected thence bfre the beginning of August. At Odessa some 'vesel ha alead apeard wen he estaccounts left, but the stoc of oodwhea m he prt ould itwas thought, not suffice to lad hem.Fro th Danbe ome uanityof wheat is now on the ay,andstil mre hipisg bu weexpect that the greater partwil prve iferor n qulit an inpoor condition, whiebh has eentheeas wih nerlyevey crgofrom the ports on that quarter. Our.lsquttosfrwetaefrmTgrg,P,o 301 ; Gaslatz, 31t d.;Iria 8.t .prqatr reo heard. "The BomanGovernment hias justileeued adecree, permitting the expo.rtof wheat from the Papl dominions, under certain restrictions. if thsexample he followed by the other Italian, States we miay recive a supply of 300,000 to 500,000 quarters ; the King of the two Shrilis las reduced the export duty to 93. per quarter; and with what we shall have from the Urnited States, we think; if France require no further imports, this wfill carry us on, under favourable circumistances, unitil harvest. Should, however, France want afurther supply of only afew wekls'consumption. of which there seems great Probability, or our ~own harvest be retarded by u- aourable weather, a considerable advance upon our present rates may take place. Oar present prices are red English. 83. Id. to Ss. lad.; white, Ss. Cd toOla 4d. per G2i1b., at Birmingham," HEFADING, lii, 10. The genial showers which fell at the close of the last month have had little effect, owring to the sliht occasional frosts aud constant extremely cold winds which have since prevailed. For the month of Ma3ythe weather in-the past week has been marked by a degree of severity net known even to that autthentic personage, the e ldest inhabitant." There has been, with theo exception 'of to-day, very little, sunhine, and the wind has been dead in the N.E. and N.W. The wheat on the light lands has been so inj ured as to be a matter of doubt whether, if genial weather slhould immeodiately set in), it wil recover. Where the plant is stronig it has gone on favourably, and will now do well. Vetches and other springfeed for sheep and cattle have grown hut little, and things generally will not bose forwar as wa exeted from appearances a few weeks ago. Oats are looking tolerably Well and the young beans are strong and healthy, giving promise ofa fSull average crop. tThe Corn-Exchange opened this moning with a supply of wheat much below that at our last market, but later in the day the arrivals vrere considleable, fiing the stands and presenting a quantity farbeyond the requirements of ourmealmmn. Wheat appears now to have got into the hands ofdealers, andit is said that though the rick-yards of farmuers show but little in hand, the granaries of dealem are largely stored, and aimot in a position to meet any emergency. It is nques tionably a fact, that the stocks of farmers are lower than usual at this time of the year, but it is doubtful whether there is that quantity in the hands of dealers wlhich some people imagine. At all events this may be said, that the bulk of supplies to our markets come from them, and as this grain is held by a few persons comparatively, they are in a position to exact their own terms. The business began this morning by holders asking an advance of 2s., but this was resisted by the millers. It cannot be denied that the price of wheat has ruled uncommonly igh as compared with the figures at which flour is sold in L-ondon, anad it was this that made them oppose the increased terms asked. However, the others held firm, and mealmein yielded, giving as much as Is. and 2s. per quarter over the rates of a week ago. As we have already remarked, unexpected arrivals checked the brisimenss in trade, ani afterwards salea were only made slowly at prices scarcely so good a5 this day e'nnight, and there] were instances in which fless money was accepted. For best white wheat the prices were 76s. to 85.; secondary qualities, 70s. to 86s.; red wheat, 683. to 765. ; rough aul inferior descriptions sold from 68. to 683 Our supply of barley was short, but choioe lots are growingmore anj more scarce. The cold weather having induced some maltates toomtjnue a little longer, there was a demand for fine paroels, but stilt holders could not obtain more than Is. per quarter advactot. There was a dull market for grinding descriptions at the full Currencies or last week. The malting barley sold at iis. to 421, and grinding at 3Is to 37s. per quarter. There wasaimoderate suPply of oats, but the demand ivas inactive, and sals consequently h ,Sellers stoA fDor full price*, and ,ucceededinmazintaining them. Good Tartary oate sgold k5td,t S and Poland ditte, from 2Ss tofs. per quarter. Of beans, bcth Eglish and lgyptian, there was 'liber1l quaa tity on. offer, but, a last week business w3s not briak, and U1 alteration coud be made in figures. Fine old beauts (Enlias :etched 46s. to 4d;,, and some prime qualitiea U ; met beaus, front Os, to 46s. There was not nuch trade for Egyptian bea (whole), and prices were Ma, to lBs. There w a good dem d for spiflat'24S. to 26s, f The trade in peas is now confined to those reqixrd for grindingite the best hbg peas old at 42a to Its., while inrciera sold at .Bye to 410 per quarter. - The seed trade may nowr be considered over, and tbosh there wag a little demand the prices wrere not lower. It was expedced that the rise in the corn trade A5 TVsf-lne oi Monday would have led millers to alter the price of tsar but the arrivals of foreign flour checked any advance in London, sos,ueatlp flour is sold here atlast weel's rates-viz., households, 215 SOS,, and! seconds, S2s. ker sack of 2S01b. An increasedtrade in wheat last week is shown by t llnd Reyenue-offie retum.,the quantity being as much as eoo Aa.rtef above the previousmnarlket. Itappears that 1,961 quarterswe7rsolit for;£7,230 15 Sd.. or an average of 73,, Sd., being an adranme ot' 2a 5d. per quarter. There were 273 quarters of barley sold fo" £517l2s. Sd, or an aTerageof`37s. ltd, shoving anadvance of ,ls. 4 per quarter in a week. During the past week the eountsy marketr have shown incrases firmness. On Mooday, at Abingdon, therewas but little of wheat ot offer, and pricea were Is, to 2s, dearer. At Fairingdon, and also a Woldugham, on Taesday, there was a quiet trade done, at incremas rates, On Wednesday, the moarket at Wantage was scantily supplied, andrateswere IsL to 2S, perquarterhigher. AtBasingstoke, the weat was fully as dear as in the peeious week, and prices ranged from G_ to SDs At Hungerford, on that day, the supply was moderate, ana former rates were fully supported, On Thunday, at Newbury, there was a most liberal supply, and a good trade done at Is, per quarter shore the rerat ofthe former week The prices ranged from 40;. to 8s, AtfHenley-on-Thames, on that day, the supply of wheat wag short, and prices for best qualities ruledls, to 2s. higher; the inferioy descriptions were not altered in price. On Friday, at High Wycoucbea there wans 3 good supply of wheat, and prices ruled from 72 to lIe, for white, and 6Oes to 711L for ret At WalUingford, on the same day, 'the wheat was Is. to 2s& and in someinstances as much as 3s. per quartet higher. NORWICH, Mere 10. The weather hisbeen extremely cold and unsasonable during the week, andaunsabine is much needed forthe development of the growing crops. At ing's Lynn on Tuesday, there was a large show of wheat, anC though the farmers calculated on an advance, previous prices vrero maintained with difficulty, At Great Yarmouth, on Weanesday, the, farmers demandedhigherprices, but the sales effected weremade St the rates of the previous week At Bury St Edmund's, on the samnt day, a good supply of wheat met a free sale at an advance ofels per quarter, and at Bungay, on Thursday, pricese were also is. per quarter higher. Barley was ls. to 2s per quarter lower at King's Lynn, but has gene, rallymaintained former rates, Oats, beans, and peas have supported former values. At to-dafs market here there was a fair attendance, and the busiL ness done in whestwasatprevious prices. Barleywas in Tery limitec supply, themaltingseason being now atanend; prices remainedwithout material alteration. In other corn little doing; quotations generally unchanged, The prices of inferior descriptions are extremely irregular, but the foUowing are the general quo¶ tions for wheat mnd barley:-Wheat, white (veighing 62b' to 631b, per imperialbusihel), 70.a to 75sa; ditto, red (weighing flb. to to G3ib.), 659. to 7Os. ;,barley. molting~~eigbjg 5211,. to 531b1.). t0g.to ;, ditto distilling (weighing 50 . to bilbI), 36,. to woS. per quarter At the lat weekly sale of dour in the new mills in thiscity flour went off at * d to 46s Gda per slack Latest averages:'Wheat, 3Ve t p quarter; 65 Ut (against o053' quartmer, 72s, cor- responding period last year; barey, 441) quartZr, 41s, (agnst 640j goa mples Ut corresponding period last ye r); oats, 55 quaremrs 2fWhis (against 37fet uarters, t7s7,cerrespondingperiod 3s t yejfrgo 5ins 10 quarteir, fibs (against 3_ quarTters, 44s,, corresponding period last? To~day there wvasan impros-ement inthe wveather, COLOHFSTER, Mar 10. B usiness has again been active in our mar}ct to-day, ata further advance for wrheat of is, to 2s. per quarter upon former quotations, - Whsato wheat fetched Lbs. to VIe.;ried. Ga. ito Tt: ^Cifonnrgodematng barley there was a fair demand at 36aO to 403: beaus wmereather dearer, and quoted, for mazgan at 3Is. to 3a& ; and middle and small l6e, to 42.s. Yesterdatofny 2a Chelmaford therbest w^uaas a good trade doing at a rise im whet o fuly ,. or he eatquaitis, ndIs. for other descriptions, the finest white being 77a, and red f9s, There was a good supply, most of which was disposed of, Bariry in good demand, at e, to42a for chevalier, and 2Si, to 3i6, for grinding; harrow tick beans, 37s, to S9s. fine malt, 77g DUBIi-, Mn 9. At'our Core-Exchange to-day wheattmet a brisk demand, and fully supported the cmTrencies of Tuesday last; other articles were rather
COLLECTION OF THE LATE SAMUEL ROGERS. TiEFa'TrI DAV The sale of Satarday consisted almost entirely of Mr. Rogers's own works, published successively by Messrs. CadeflbMurray, Longman, and Moxon, with the illustra. trations. 2616. ll7ustrations to Ilaly, after Turner and Stothard, the only complete set, India proofs, large paper, five guineas. 2,62L A complete set of the Illustrations, by Turner ancl Stothard, to Rogers's Poems, very choice artists's proofs, om India paper, including several unpulblished plates 18l. 1,693 to 1,705. Seven copies of the Poes in tw.o vois. 4to, purple morocco, the large and rare edition of 1839, witha lndian proofs of the plates, 8S.. 1,706. The same, in 2 vo]s. 8vo., edition of 1834, proofs5 morocco;- six guineas. 1,709-U. Three other copies, with woodeuts, morocco141. lOs. 1,712-16. Five others, in cloth, 10 guineas. 1,724-6. Itly. Svo., proofs, edition of 1S30, three copies, in red silk-, 1.. 1,731-1,805. 75 copies of the same, in boards, from 35s. tW two guineas each. 1,812-1,909. 98 copies of Bogers'sPoe;s, in Svo., edition oE 1S34, proofs, in hoards, from one guinea to 35s. each. 1,910-1,92L 300 copies of the same, in lots of 25 each, averaging 12s. 6d. per copy. A950. A set of 10 wood blocks, with capital letters, forming Wittinghai, with figures from Shakspeare; 1. guineas. The amount of the day's sale was about 7301. The sale of the library commences this day, and will be continued until Monday next.
THE EDucATrIoN QuESTION iL ScomAD.-The introduction by the Lord-Advocate of Scotland into the House of Commons of two educational bills, one to abolish the tests in the parish schools and to increase the salaries of the teachers, and the other to enable municipal eouncils to assess 1d. per pound for establishing and supporting schools in towns, has again elicited much public discussion on the education question throughout Scotland. While the Burgh Schools Bill has generallymet with tacit or expre3sed assent (the only objection being that the rate was too low), the Parish Schools Bill, while supported by the body of the Dissenters, has met with the strenuous opposition of the iriends of the Church of Scotland, as also of others who complain of the omission of clauses to secure religious education. At most of the late annual county meetings the bill has been warmly opposed. At tho meeting of the county of Edinburgh a moton wvas carried, 'with only one or two dissentients, to petition in fatour of Iord Xonrteaeo's bill, wtich prozoscs to increase the salaries of the parish teachers, while retamning the ecclesiastical connexion of the schools, and to petition against the Lord-Advocate's bill as abolishin4 that connexion. Among the other county meetings at rhich the Lard-Advocate's bill wvas taken up, petitions against it were adopted at Lanark by 36 to 13, at Aberdeetx by 14 to 13, at Forfar by 17 to 5, at Xincardine by 19 to 2, at Ayr by 15 to 10, and at Dumfries by 16 to 12 ; the counties of Haddington, Berwick, and Selkirk unanimously agreed to petition against the bill, as did Rokxburgh, with two dissentients; Fife, byl9 to 4, agreed to petition against the clauses abolishing the testa ; Perth approved of the bill, excepting in so far as it abolished the tests. AtLinlithgow a petition against the bill was carried by the casting vote of the chairman. At Banff, on the other hand, a petition in favour of the bill was carried by 14 to 12. - -The municipal councils that have taken up the matter hava generally, by large majorities, resolved to petition in favour of the Lord-Advocate's Parish Schools Bill and *ave been all but unanimous in favour of the Burgh Schools BilL At Edinburgh and Glasgow, and other towns, public meetings have been held to consider the bills, and have resolved, by overwhelminlg majorities, to petition stronglyin their favour. With regard to ecclesiastical and denonminat,ional expressions of opinon, the Parish Schools Bill has forned the chief subject of controversy. At a late meeting of the Commission of the G[enerail Assembly of tEe Church of Scotland, specially summoned, a resolutionws nnari mously passed disapproving the bill in the stronget man-- ner, anae petitioning against it, inasmuch as, -*hile they would rejomce in the proposed incse of the salaies of tha teachers, they could not agree to a mneasure which sought. to deprive the church ot its legitimate rights over the schools, and also materally to wreaken the security for religious education. In the Synods and Presbyteries of the established church similar resolutions have been adopted with almost entire unanimity. In the Free Church Synodsg and Presbyteries some difference of opinion has been mai4. fested. While most of the leaders of that body have c'ome forward energetically in support of the Lord-Advocate'saill considerable minorities in some of these courts]hv;e 'casified against it, as providing no guarantee for tb. teschimg of religion in the schools, which object their 'oreibrei expect to secure in the worling out of the menPare, notwithstanding tle absence of statntory provlsion+ othat effect. Atthe Synod of the lnited Presbyterian Cnrch, which was helc at Edinburgh last week-, the s-bjp -twas not taken up, froms the committee on public qusions having been last year dissolved. A petition in f%vbor of the bill, however, was signed by aboveahundre miters of that body, expressing cordial approval of the 400lition of the tests and the ope-mg np of the schools to fi and open Competition. With re to the Scottish 7-.piscopalians and LXoman Catholics, they have beenasgaw, assu!red that the Lord-Advocate's -billsare mainy iatenQ edt meet the wvants of the Presbyteriaii denominatioo:s, and that the pre6nt Privy Council grants t- t;ewr qb1'ools wilaVw be interfered wsit~i,
ROLLA is earnestly entreated to COMMNIUNICATE with BEPPO, If pro nptly. all wiU be well.-May 11, 1816. EVEN POUNDS' REWARD.-LOST, on Thurs. day n-ight. 5th inst.. between Brook-street and Buckiugham tace, a YOUR-ROW PEARL BRACELET. with chdster diamond map. Apply to C. F. Hancock, jeweUer and silversmith, 39, Bruton- -"ER MAJESTY's THEATRE.-On Thtursday Mext, blay15 (a Subscription Night, in lieu of Tuesday. Aug. t91. vnll be perforrmed Rossini's operm II- BAI'.IEBE DI SIVIGLIA. Romina, Madame Alboui Il Conte d'Almaviva, Signor Calzolari; Don Bartolo, Signor Zucconi: audFigaro. Signor Belletth To conclude with the highly successful ballet divertisement LES OUATRE SAISONS: byM les. Bellon.Bosc'etti, Lisereux, Pierron, atrine, and B. Vaudris, fe. Applications for boxes and etalls to be made at the box-office of the theatre. Colonnade, baynmarket. T- RURY-LANE.-Enflish Opera-Firat Night of - Mischevious Annie.-First Night of Esis opera Cinderella.- THIS and every EVENING during the week wil be produced CM-DEIELLA; or The Fair anl the Litt'e Glas Slipper upon a Enrrd scale, outvieing all that the mianagement hmasyet accocplicshed in ginliA operatic performance. Supported by Mliss Fanny Huddart, iLsaDyer. M3r. Henry llaigb. Mr. Manver Mr. Durand: ft. The clebrated American artistes MIr. and Vem J. W. Flozetrce, whose extraordin3ry original ant peculiar performances are allowed by aU who htve witnessed them to be the mo3t astonishing that hayc as yet -proceeded from our Transatlantic brethren, will appear before the opera this and every evening during the week in a nelv iece entitled UlSqIEMVOUSA A\N7IE; or a Lesson for HuEbands. And (after tte operl) will repeat the laughter-provoking farce of THE YANKgEE HOtUSEliEEPER. in which Mrs. Florence ill sing the already atIrzetive songs of '-obbi garourd"and-'roUy, wron'tsontry meoh2" These wonderful Anierican prodactions re vociferousbyencored nightly by audiences crammued to the ceiling. IHEATRE ROYAL, AYARET.THIS X EVENIG (Monday. 50th nigbt of the new comedy of THE EVIL GEN-IUS. and which wi'l be peated during the week. Tom Rmp,tone (the Evil Genius). Mrr. Euckstone ; lady Rigawood, Miss nelnoldo. Aftr vwhich, the Spanish Dancers and the renowned Perea Basi. withMasnuel Peiez and their Coryph6es, in the balet antomime of EL GAMBUSINO. WVith the revived burlesque tragedy of TOM THPUMIB, in wbich Master Bundy, 27 inches high. and seven years of ago, will make bin first appearance in London. Concluding wvith Manuel Perez in the favourite Spanish baUet of THE ABBE IN LOVE R OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE.--THIS ,S_t EVENNThG and durinz the week wliU be presented Shakapeare's ply of THE S!INTER'S TALE Leontes, by Mlr. C. Kean : Ilermione. Mrs.C. Kean. PrecededbyTHE VICTOR VANQUJISHED. ?T'HEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Unique Novelty and Dramatic Effect&.-Continued and glorious success of the :ewvgrandAdelphidra.ma (as performed before Her Majesty) called like and Unlike. Monday. Tuesday. Thursday. Friday, and Saturday.- Urrgenlt Private Affairs at second '-ice, and Mfy Precious Eetsy every A egWt.-TIS EVEb'IN-G, LI GE Ab'D Ut LImiE: by Mr. B. eaEter, MIr. Wright, and 3adame Celestes.With AJRGEnT PRI. VATE AGAIRS: Dottes, Mfr. Wright. And MIY PerECIOUS EnTY. Mr. Wright. WVednesday (owing to in great attraction) The Gree in Bus'hes. adame Celest, Mr. Wright, and Mr. P. Bedford, in their original characters rPHOYAL OLYAPIC THEATRE.-LLssee, Mr. J AlAred Wiganr-TIiiS EuNt ING de ira t time) a nes and original ?omuantic drama called RETRIBUTIOb. Mfessrs. A. WVigan. Emery Sening. a . MuriCyh lesie, Miss l w arston. and Mit isos Herbert (her arst oppearance). To conclude with STAY ATrHOME. Mzessr. Emery Gan G. Vining, Mliss Ternan and ers. Stirling. Commence at half- H4ETRE ROYAL, SADLEROs-WELLS.-Great K Attraction for Whitesntide.-Lat Five Nights of the Dramatic Season and er. Cearles Dillon. who, in addition to his great character of Belphecor, will also appear as Don Cansar de Baran: Mfrs. Charles DllrOn asma dere and daritlna: Mr. James Rogers. the celebrated Germa. dansedise, idllie Bertha Cassimer, and the best Company in lhndon. Satunray, May 179 Benefit of r.GeorgeMA1 WebGter (Manager). Bomxes.. oxa,nd 2 a. d pit. Is.; ga lery. 6d. Placagestoehadat lfr. Theatre frGlover.-m 1;ights Oniy.-tArtstes: eisrs. Sims Beeves, Mliranda, Delavanti, Lefllr. Bingo, ar.d WAeiss; Messes. Ben,edict. Anlsehuz, }IiuwardGlover.andBalfe: Miesdnmes Sims 31eeves,Weins, Jndia r.leadeD. Fanny Bland, and Mfiss Hoole.-Openmn Neighbt, MSonday. Mlay 13: Balfe's BOHEMIALN GIRLt, wiith additional new music, conducted by the composer (his first acpearance inEngland these four ye.ars). Mfusical Director, Mrr. W. Hf. hfont. -gomery. BOXeJ, 3S. and 43. ; pit. 2a.; gallery, Is Private boxes and 3p1aces to be had at the Theatre from 11 thi 3. EL)QYAL SOHO THEATRE.-Eigts th Week of the -1 Season.Open every F.vening.-Continued Success of Mwr. Winter.-TItIS }.VEN.ISiG. and during the week, MfACBE;TH. And a Nfew Extravaganra, in wvhich Mer. blow bray and b liss 'elen Love will appear. St.alls, Is.; boxes, 2s. i pit. la. Half-price to all parts at a. Tbe let, for benefits and pHnvate performances, cheaper than say house in london. dY BEAT NfATION,AJ STANDDTHEATRE.- 3.YProlirretor, Mtr. John Doulglass.-This Theatre, capable of con. taiming 5.GCO persons. ispen during W'hitaun WReek with the most attSective Entertainments in London Two New Dramasd-rew Tale of Enchantment, with sTendid scenery, dresses, and appointments. Nopavance in the crices. gr. H ienry Mrston's Benefit on Thursday. P - .t. ~~~-Ittr - 'ddeidelon Bsceti N 'n grs/~~~~~~~es wilcmmnea HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. Second Appearance in london these five yean- of Madame Albeni. T&-morrow Evening ITuesday, BMay 13) will be repeated forsini's opera. LA CEzERaNTOLa. Adigelina. Mfadme Albosni Don adiro. Signor Calsoari, DonSi aggfico.SignoroZucconi; and DanTlou, Signor ieneventano (his second appearance). To conclude w2th a neoM bllet divertoisement. IES QUATREB SAIS;OS: Hdlles. Bellon, AD eShetti, Liserecx.Pierron, Katrie, and nt Vanudris aado Deus, b'dlle.'Boschetti and .hL. Vaudris. Pan, Mdile. Katrne, -accompanied by bfdiUc Piermon and Coryphees. Pas, Mdide. v.isereux and Cos doeBallet. Pan de BRacehante, Midlle. A. Pelen. Pan do Dtua,pdlle. ieleneandto.sVaudris. Finale. bles.PeUon,Bosohetti Liereux, rKatrtue, and Corps do Ballec. The opera will commenco at S o'clock. ROYAL ITAIAN OPERL ILYCEUMR. THImormw EFirstNAppearance of SiANorfMario. AToero wiEuCvening (Tuesday, Maey I) will be performed (for the arst time this reason) Donixetti's oelebrated opera, LUCREZIA. BORGIa Ducne.ia PorMia, Ma dame Grisi; Heafro Oraini, Adlle. 3)idiCe: Don Alfonsow Sv'utr Rouconi; Garella, Signor GregorioEus-tighello. 3. Zelger; &ubetta, Sianor Tagifilco; Astolfo, Signor Tblouini; Vitellozzo, Siguor Gregorio: and (lennaxo, Sigor Ma3rio. Conductor-Mr. Costa. To conclude with the newv dSvertissemet. LES ItAf'ADRYADES. The box-offMce is imnid the grand entance, uner the portico, in Wellington-street. DRVRYLN'E.-ENGLISH{ OPERA. IS EVEhhI'G, MfISCHIEVOUS ANI IEE or. A Lessenfor Husbands. AAter which, Clh.DE reA: or. The Fairy and Little GlDac S3pper. Toies Fannyfluddle biss Dyer; Mesrs. Henr o 0 igh, hfanvers, Tocouclude dith THE YAN BEE HOUJSEL EEPEV . TEATRE ROYAL.. HIAYHAET. 'Under the Management of Mr. Buckastone. TUIS EVENwIl G, TlE EVI GENQIUS. By Mfesrs. Buckatone. Comptonu; MiissesReynolds. Svvanberough, &c. Afrter c hicha Peres Neananf d the SpNanish Dancers. To be followved by the burlesque of TOf THUnB. To conclude wiith THE ABBE IN LOVE. R;OYALS PRINCESS'S THEATRE. UJnder the Mana2gement of bMr. Charles liean. TIIIS EVENIh'Gvwill be presentedUHE VICTOR VAN-QUJISHIED. 'Alter which. Sbakapeare's play of THiE WIN'TER'S TAL E. Leontes, by Mir. C. 3Kean; HIermuione, by Mrs. C. ean. TIHEATRE ROYAL, ADELP'HI. Proprietor. Mir. B. Webster; Directress. bladame Ceieste. THIS EVENING. LIKE AND UNLIKE: by Messrs. B. Webster, Wright, P. Bedford, Selby. Garden: Mesdamnes Celeste. Wynddham, &, 'With URGENT PRIVATE AFFAIRS: Messrs. Wright, P. Bedford; Mises .fA. Keeley, Arden, Kelly, &c. And MLY PRECIOUS BETSY: by Mlr. Wright, ROYAL OL-YMPIC THEATRE. Lssee, Mlr. Alfred Wigan. THIS EVENING (,irst time) a new and original romantic drama, called RETRIBUTION : Messrs. A. Wigan, Emery, J. Vinng, G. Murray. Leslie: Mfiss hlarston and Miss3 Herbert (her first appearsance). To conclude with STAY AT HOMfE: Messrs. Emery and G. Yining; Liss Ternaand 2,r3. Stirling. Commence at & past 7. THIEATRE ROYAL, SADLER'S-WELLS. Under the Management of Mtr. George A. Webster. TIS EVEYNING, BELPHEGOP. THE MOUNTEBANK: by Mlessrs. C. Dillon, Edgar, Barrett;: Mesdames C. Dillon. Cuthbert. 'artlett. ic. After which, DO'N C2ESAR DE BAZAN. Don Canar ?fr. Charles Dillon; Maritana, 3rs. C. Dillon; Don Jos, htr. W: blorgan. To conclude with a National Cerman Divertissement by htdlle. Bertha Cassimer and the Corps de BaUet. Commence at 7. ROYAL SU1RREY THEATRE. lesses, Mesas. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVEN-ING, and during the vreek, JACK SHEPHERD. -Jack Shepherd. BMrs. Keeley; Thames Darrell, Mr. C. A. Calvert. After which. YOUR LIFES IN DANGER. John Strong, Mr. Keeley. To conclude with BETSY BAKER. Mfr. Mlouer, fr. JKeeley MBr. Cuming, Mr. C. A. Calvert; Bets Ba-ker, Mrs. Keeley. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMfPHITHEATRE. Lessee and Mlanage:, Mr. William Cooke. THIS EVENNING (first time), an equestrian spectacle called THE HORSE OF THE CAVERN: or, The Mlounted Brigands of the -Abruzzi. Novel equestrian effects. The Scenes in the Circle (new zneries. And Grand Tableau Equestre Finale. TO CORRESPONDENTS. ,Our readers are requested to observe that the price of Dhe Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the impyressef stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transniissible 'by post to British colories and foreign countries -withoat an im.iressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous comnmunications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publlcation, hut a a guaantee of his good faith. -We cannot andertake to return rejected communications. WThe publication of Tn7.Tcaes commencedat5 o'lockonsaturda, moing. and finished at 9.
LONDONY, MOKDAY, AIAY 12, 1856. We have now had an opportunity of learning, and have learnt with very lively interest, the manner in which the intelligence of the attack levelled, we must say, not only at the press but at the independence of Belgium, has been received by the Legislature of the menaced State, and we are proud to say that it was in every -way worthy of a noble country and a glorious cause. WVith a deliberate and measured calmness, with a studied moderation -of tone and an elaborate candour vhich did not, however, conceal the deep emotion that lay beneath it, M. OrTs, a member of the Belgian Chamber, rose to question the Binister of Foreign Affairs. He drew attention to the 22d Protocol of the recent Conference, which contained accusations against Belgium and the Belgian press offensive to the national feeling and dignity, and spoke of -the future as full of apprehension. He did not seek to deny the excesses of some members of the Belgian press, but he denied that their hostility was shown to France alone, or that there was the slightest disposition to guarantee impunity to such offences. He pointed to the law of 1852 as having been intended and having been sufficient to suppress the licentious 7writings comnplained of in prints so obscure and so despicable that their accusers did no' even venture to mention their names, and concluded by asking the Cabinet three questions :-" Whether they had sreplied to the charges brought forward in the "22d Protocol? Whether the French Govern- n"Cent hiad demanded any changes in the Belgian " Constitution? and- i7hethq, if such changes "should be demanded, they would be acceded to?" The answer of M. VmnAi, the MTinister of Foreign Affairs, to these three questions was equally expEcit, firm, and satisfactory .-" An answer had "been prepared,which would be sent as soon as the "proceedings of the Conference had been received. "No request had been made by the French Govern"ment for a change in the Be]gian Constitution "and,if such a request were made,it would never be "complied vith." The Chamber did not weaken the impressive nature of the scene, as our owvn House of Commons probably woould have done, by following up this short dialogue with a long and rambling conversation, but adjourned at once, leaving to the nation and to foreign nations to estimate for themselves, without any impertinent comments of its own, the dignity of its demeanour and the firmness of its attitude. We congratulate the Belgian people and the Belgian Government on the manner in which they have received the attack so needlessly levelled against their dignity and independence. This is the character and this the demeanour which it is the habit of self-government to create. WNThen adverse circumstances threaten, the Ilfinisters of a despotic Government feel isolated in the midst of the people whom they govern. They may guess what the sentiments of the nation may be, but there is no tribune to draw them forth, and no press to express them. Reports and proclamations, communicated statements, and essays that have passed through the scissors of the censor, can but iU supply the want of free utterance to a free audience. We hope that Belgium will go on as she has begun, and that, whatever perils her liberties may be subjected to, betrayal by her chosen and appointed guardians will never be added. Vhat makes the conduct of the Belgian Ministry and Chamber in this matter the more creditable is, that the 31inistry is Conservative and Roman Catholic, and that, of course, the majority of the Chamber that supports them is of the same political and religious opinions. WVere the Belgian mind less deeply tinctured with the noble sentiments of national independence and aversion to foreign influence, such an occurrence as the publication of the 22d Protocol might well have been laid hold of by a party Conservative and Roman Catholic for the purpose of levelling a blow at their political opponents. " See," they might have said, " what comes of your Liberalism. " Your doctrines are inconsistent with the " very existence, not only of the Consti"tution, but of the country. A great and "powerful nation throws her sword into "the scale and demands from us the repres"sion of that unbridled license which you and "such as you have contributed so much to esta"blish." Instead of adopting this ungenerous but not unnatural tone, the Catholic and Conuervative Ministry of Belgium steps forward in the very manner and with the very feelings which Mr. BfAcAuLAY delights so much to attribute to the Tories of our own infant constitution, who never failed to evince a generous inconsistency whlenever the independence of the country was threatened by the foreign allies of the very cause and King to which they were in the habit of drinking and swearing the most unswerving and uncompromising allegiance. While the larger States of Eturope are divided into parties deriving their names from their predilections for foreign States, Belgium seems to know no party but a Belgian party, and to recognize no internal differences when its foreign relations are concerned. We cannot dismiss this subject without once more expressing our strong conviction -that never was a more unfortunate time selected for a most injudicious act than the conclusion of a general treaty of peace for an attack on the hberty of the press on the continent of Europe. We had just terminated a series of events in which the Emperor of the FRE^Nci had shown himself to ihe world as a faithflI ally, a wise and resolute counsellor, a magnanimous Sovereign, and a man who, possessed of great power, had shown a disposition to use it with singular equity and moderation. he took up anus for the defence of European liberties; he allied himself with two constitutional Powers, and, having fought and conquered, scorned any vulgar material recompense for his services, and was wise and generous enough to content himself with the respect and approbation of mankind. How unfortunate that at this auspicious moment the over-eager zeal of a Minister (for such we prefer to consider it) should have shadowed forth the commencement of new troubles just as the old were ceasing, and taught the world to look- for a crusade against human liberty in the West as a sequel to the conflict against Russian domination in the East! THow unfortunate that we should thus be forced to remember that the present alliance is " magis inter pares quam similes," and that the union which has braved so many storms unscathed may be at any moment dissolved by an attempt to extend over neighbouring States that system of oppression and coercion which is so foreign to our feelings and habits! We are well content to leave those matters in which the internal government of France differs from that of En,gland without comment of any kind; but our silence must not be interpreted into indifference. We are content with the happiness we enjoy under our own institutions, and have not a particle of the proselytizing spirit among us; but our sympathies are quite as warm for the West as for the East, for the Christian as for the Turk, for the free citizen as for the serf; and we cannot witness without the liveliest solicitude and anxiety an attempt to impose on a free and independent State that repression which France has, indeed, chosen for herself by the votes of 8,000,000 citizens, but which she has not acquired the right to impose upon States which have made a different choice.
This month of May exhibits, with all its heroism and its foibles, its widespread exertions and its too often puny results, the adventurous philanthropy of the British character. There is hardly an island of the antipodes, or a wild region from the tropics to the pole, the moral state of which will not be discussed before crowded meetings, whose liberality would seem to promise the universal regeneration of mankind, if money and hearty goodwill could effect it; but, unhappily, human nature in some of its forms seems to defy the elevating powers of philanthropists, whether wielding the resources of Government or relying on private enterprise; and certainly there is but little wisdom in the course generally adopted of first holding up the objects of benevolence to admiration as patterns of natural goodness and docility, and then informing them that they are plunged in wickedness, and must abandon all that their forefathers have handed down for twenty generations. Certain races periodically have their turn of public interest and laudation, and, since we have begun to look ou Russia as an enemy to be resisted, the mention of Circassia has seldom failed to produce a sympathizing cheer even from cultivated audiences. At the commencement of the war, when military plans were still mncertain, and the knowledge of Eastern localities and ethnology still somewhat vague, no scheme was more popular than the attempt to communicate with SoixA=r, who would rouse the Circassian tlibes to re-assert the independence of which they had been so traitorously robbed. An address from a meeting in Naryle- 'bone and a present of revolvers would, it was thought, be sufficient to excite this hero to rival the renown of his past deeds; and hurl back the Russian power from the parses of the Caucasus. It was some time before the enthusiastic could be persuaded that SCwA3n', even admitting his continued existence, did not live in Circassia; that Ciicassia, indeed, formed but a part even of the territory on the borders of the Black Sea ; that the Caucasuswas a vast mountain region inhabited by tribes whose languages often had no similarity to each other, whose religion was mingled with usages which gave a diversity to their character, .who had been for ages at deadly feud, and wrhose chief warliLe exploits had been the plunder of each other's flocks, herds, and women. ScHAM-L, to whom a recent speaker attributed the successes of General WulVms, is believed to have been the leader of a foray on some country houses north of Teflis, in which two Russian ladies were carried off; but this is the utmost that the mountain warrior has effected in the cause of the allies. A closer acquaintance with the tribes to the east of the Black Sea and a knowledge of their relations with the social life of Constantinople have not raised them in the opinion of the WVestern nations. In short, the enthusiasm of which they were the subject now seems very like the commiseration expressed sometimes on the continent for our own barbarous fellow-subjects-the Caffres and Burmese. The French or German romancist might easily depict the free inhabitants of the Orange River pursued in their native wilds by the insatiable spirit of British aggression, and a similar hallucination has tended to mak-e the Circassian a hero; for in what the Circassian differs morally from the Caffre it is not easy to see. WAe may therefore consider the question whether the territory east of the Euxine should be independent, without any admixture of sentiment. It is purely a political matter. If it was necessary for the peace of the world that Russia should fall back on the lines of the Kuban and Terek, relinquishing the Caucasus and all she holds below it, then the allies committed a fault in not continuing the war until Georgia was conquered and the Western armies on the banks of the Caspian. But, if no such extreme hostilities were requisite, then we may feel no sting in otur conscience for having left these tribes in the position they occupied before the war. We learn from Constantinople that the Circassian deputation from the coast has presented an address to the Secretary of the GuAxzD Vszrz, and that others, similar in import, are to be sent to the Queen of MEwoLAND and the Emperor of the F.RmNCH. The purport of this document is that the protection ol the SULTAN should be extended to the tribe3 of the Black Sea, and consequently that the Russian domination shall cease in the regions of the Caucasus. Now, it is quite unnecessary to enter into the question how far previous treaties have given Russia a right to her suzerainty. it seems acknowledged that Circassia was never directly subjected to the Ottoman sway. The religious character of the SuLTAw as Caliph was the bond which linked these Mahomedan tribes to hiis throne, and whether any treaty with the PORTE transferred their allegiance to the CZAi is no necessary object of inquiry. All that we have to do with is the fact that Russian rule, acquiesced in by Europe, was, however acquired, the governing power of the country previous to 1853, and has not been annulled by the subsequent treaty. Therefore no right of interference exists, and sympathy, even if weeU deserved, must of necessity remain useless. We must be content to leave these tribes to the Power which has hitherto dealt with theih, trusting that, though Russia may not rise to the European standard of civilization, yet her strong and concentrated authority may in the end elevate the nations of the Caucasus to something better than their present state. We are the more reconciled to this settlement by the reflection that Russia, though rude and imperious, may be said to be to these nations a civilizing Power. Perhaps she is the better fitted for dealing with them by the fact that too great a distance does not intervene between the culture of her own people and that which she finds in the new provinces submitted to her sway. It cannot be doubted that the Circassians, though in morality, education, and common honesty they hardly rise above the aborigines of other regions, are a race by no means destitute of natural abilities. The success which has been achieved by so many of them, who, taken in childhood from their country, have attained the highest dignities and power in the Ottoman State, is a proof of innate genius, however unworthy the arts by which it has often gained its ends. As in this age the superstition about the noble savage and the purity of primitive life must be almost extinct, most men will agree that it is desirable that these tribes should, if capable of a national civilization, be subjected to the influence of some Power which may be expected to devote itself to the task. We know ourselves to be at many thousand miles' distance, and to have on our hands a sixth of the human race; we have little reason to hope that any elevating power stil remains in the Turkish State; all that we can do is to trust that Russia, abandoning vain schemes of conquest, will labour in a mission for which she is especially fitted, and that the regions of the Caucasus will share in that new prosperity which the CZAR promises to his extended empire.
The anxieties of hon. gentlemen upon the subject of an immediate dissolution have been materially relieved by the recent divisions. The -ost, however, of contesting counties and boroughs must always be an interesting point in a country such as this, in which the distinction of a seat in the House of Commons is the final object of ordinary ambition. That a young " landed proprietor" should aspire to represent his county on strictly Conservative principles is as much in the order of things as that he should be sent to the University ;-that a successful railway speculator or merchant should present himself as a candidate for the suffrages of a radical borough, with the view " of intro" ducing those ameliorations in the constitution "which the growing enlightenment of the age in "the opinion of all thinking men," &bc., is, on the other hand, perfectly natural. We regret therefore that it is not in olur power to lay before our readers a well elaborated catalogue which should comprise within its items the Parliamentry price of all the counties and boroughs in the united kingdom. This we cannot do, but M:r. THoziis Du-co=F, has helped us to the expenses of some seventeen or eighteen seats, including one Scotch and two Irish counties, two metropolitan boroughs, a close borough, &-c. When we say the " price,." we do not, of course, mean that Mr. DuN,coNmuz has been able to arlive at any other figures than those which represent the expenses alloweed by the public auditors; but even these are very instructive. In some instances they do, no doubt, represent the cost of the article, and in almost all instances may be taken as a criterion or guide to the judgment. The return which MTr. DUNCO3mBE has obtained is entitled " A Return of the Names and Descrip"tions of Election Auditors and of Election "Expenses made up to the present time," This document is in continuation of Parli,.1entary paper No. 171 of session 1855, It comprises returns from 1G counties alld 'ooroughs.' First, we will take the vonntieP IRenfrewshire, Cork, Cavan. In the case of Renfrewshire Sir MiCEnL STEWABT walked over the course in lay, 1855, he being the only candidate. The election auditor passes an account for 2231. 12s. 5d. We pass to Ireland. In the month of May, 1855, the county of Cavan was contested by MIr. ROBERT BuRRowus -the successful candidate-at an allowed expense of 1,4201. 8s.; and by MIr. HEmnY HIuaHEs at an expense of 1,3641. 6s. 10d. On this occasion there were three weak outsiders, who from some inscrntable motives meddied in the transaction at a very moderate loss to themselves. HERCULES ELLIS, Esq., *we read, contested the county of Cavan at the reasonable outlay of 101. 16s. 6d. The Hon. H. CAVE.NDISH BUTLER was a little more prodigal, for he expended 201. Is. upon the samue sttuggle ; while the Hon. HUGn AMS3NESLEY stepped into the arena for 181. 15s. 3d. This is to be a candidate for the honouns of Parliament at a cheap rate indeed. Cork County gives us evidence of a more serious contest. In the mnonth of April, 1855, three candidates presented themselves for the suitrages of the electors. These were Mr. RiCxAuD DEAsy, Lord ExxrS3IOuE, and Mr. ALExAiDER PCFARTny. Their united (legitimate) expenses amounted to 7,2031. 3s. 2d. Of this sun Mr. DEasy is debited for 2,1661. 10s. 5d., Lord iE;NwIsMoE for 2,4071. 4s. 101d., and Mlr. kFCOATRY for 2,6291, 7s. 10d. The gentleman last named spent on car-hire alone more than 1,0001., Lord ENTISMORE upwards of 9001., and Mfr. DEASY well nigh 7001. After the counties the prices paid for the metropolitan boroughs muay be taklen as nex-t in importance. Sir B&3rn,jAi HALL stepped into the seat for MNfarylebone in July, 1855, at the extremely moderate cost of 2341. Os. 9d. In July, 1855, poor Sir WrnroiAr MOLESwORTH resumed his seat for Southwark for 3281. 5s. 8d. These last two instances show the advantage of local influence and of well-establislhed namies. In November of last | year Sir CHARLES NAUPIER, with all the prestige of his Baltic grievances in his favour, was called upon to pay 7031. 4s. 3-Ud. for Southwark. Such is the ostensible price tliat the gallant Admiral has paid for the pleasure of his monomachy vwith Sir JA-rzs Gn4.HAr. The gratification, if we consider results, seems to have been dearly purchased. Liverpool appears to have been rather a costly affair. We find that in the election of M3arch, 1855, for that borough, Mr. ThvARe's recognized expenses l amounted to upwards of 1,3001.; those of Sir GEORGE BwnAm to the same sium. Bath cost MIr. TITE 562l. 7s. 3d., and lMr. WHATEmY 6951. Ils. 31d. We pass to a few instances of less important places. . Mr. HoLLND got his seat for Evesham for 401. 3s. 3d. Mr. WimuL Cowrse paid at Hertford 621. 14s. The total amount of Mr. AxExROBUS'S expenses for Wilton -we find set down at 641. 13s. Ild. Finally, in August, 1855, Mr. BouvERiE was elected for the Kilmarnock burghs for 851. 10s. These we give as samples of well-nigh every kind of electioneering goods. One word in conclusion. We should be sorry that any person were misled by these statements of price into the error that the seats thus ticketed by Mr. DuqconBE are universally attainable for the sum last paid. Still less must men of unsust picious nature indulge in the fond belief |that the ums named in the return represent the real expenditure of the candidates and members. Behind these sums total are the heavy expenses of Parliamentary agents, and other charges which can never be brought to light by any Parliamentary Imachinery. Recent acts may have done something to check open and flagrant bribery, but it is mere idleness to suppose that in nine cases out of ten we have arrived at a much better result than a less patent and more ingenious violation of the law. We are well aware that the drunkenness, ruffianism, and venality of former days no longer disfigure our elections; but we are of those who tlhink that while there is a man willing to give a bribe, and another man willing to take it, means will always be found to transfer the "consideration"-not necessarily a money onefrom hand to hand. Stringent laws may do something, but it is not Parliament which can render the elections pure; that is the business of the people. We look to the spread of education and of higher feelings rather than to laws to help us in this difficulty. We must not, however, just now be led into any general reflections upon this matter, important as it is. Our purpose is but to warn intending candidates not to attach too much importance to the figures of Mr. DusconzB's Parliamentary return.
COURT CIRCULAR. The Queen, attended by the Hon. Mary Seymour, Major-General the Hon. Charles Grey, and Captain Dn Flat, visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester, at Glocester House, on Saturday morning ler Roval Highness the Duchess of Kent visited Her Majesty atBuckingham Palace. The( ueen andPrince Albert left town on Saturday afternoon for Osborne, Isle of Wight. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness were accompanied by the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, the Princes Alfred, Arthur, andcLeopold, and the Princesses Alice, Helena, and Louisa; and were attended by the Countess of Gainsborough, the Hon. Emily Cathcart, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, MajorGeneral Bouverie, Captain Du Plat, the M1aster of the Household, Mr. Gibbs, and Lieutenant Cowell. Her Majesty and the Prince Consort were conducted to their carriage by the Duke of Wellington, Earl Spencer, the Marquis of Breadalbane, the Marquis of Abercorn, Earl of Caitlmness, Viscount Torrington, Mr. R. Ormsby Gore, Colonel Francis Seymour (Scots' Fusileer Guards), and Mlajor-General the Hwon. C. Grey. The Royal party quitted Buckingham Palace for the private station at Vauxhail at 25 minutes before 3 o'clock, escorted by a detachment of the 3d LightDragoons, and left the station by a special train on the South-Wesern Railway for Gosport. OSBORNE, Mxr 1L The Queen and Prince, with the whole of the Royal Family, arrived at Osborne yesterday afternoon at half-past 6 o'clock. Prince Victor, of Hohenlohe Langenburg, visited her Royal Highness the Dachess of Kent on Saturday, at Clarence-house, St. James's. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady Anna Maria Dawson and Lord James Murray, honoured the Opera with her presence on Saturday evening. A Areytiu t of the Council of the Dachy of Cornwall was held on Saturday. There were present the Keeper of the Privy Seal, Viscount Monck, MP., the Attorney-General, Mr. Alexander, the Treasurer, Colonel the Hon. Charles ,Beaumont Phipps, and the Secretary, Mr. J. R. Gardiner. A deputation from Gray's-inn, consisting of Mr. Barstow (the Treastrrer), Mir. Coulson, Q.C., Mr. S. Turner, Mr. T. Greene, M.P., accompanied by Mr. Daniel Boswood (the Under Steward of the Society), had an interview on Saturday with the Right Hon. E. P. Bouverie, at the office of the Poor lawv Board, on the subject of the clauses in the Poor Law Amendment Bill, relating to extra-parochial places. Viscount Palmerston left town with Viscountess Palmerston after the Cabinet Council on Saturday afternoon for his seat, Broadlands, Hants.
A Cabinet Council was theld on Saturday at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. The Ministers present were-Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Harro-wby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith,- Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right M. T. Baines, and the Duke of Argyll. The Council sat two hours. THE REVIEW AT WxxnsoR.-In order to prevent the disappointment of which the paragraphs that have gone the round of the newspapers respecting a proposed review to be held at Windsor on the 29th inst., may possibly be the cause, we are requested to state that there is not, and never has been, the slightest intention to hold stich a review, and all statements to that effect are entirelywithout foindation. TEx PLA S.-LivErpOOOL, May 10.-The Royal mail steamship Canada sailed to-day for Boston, with 125 passengers, besides the mails and a large cargo. CRYSTAL PAL&AE.-X z SHnmmG DAY. Saturday, May 10-Admissions on -paymente 8,548; ditto, by season tickets. 1,227; total visitors. 9,775. DEAKTH OF A CO2,VIOT FRo-o FAT.-We are ze. quested to state that theparairaph 'with theabove title vhich was copied into Friday s Tines from thf Por-s County Chr'oric'c origivally appeared in tht Por3srzo0gh Timcs, LATEST INTELLIGENCE. (BY SUBVARM-E .AN BRITiH ihLERAiM.) THE EAST. We have received the following telegraphic de"patch from our Marseiiles correbpondent "MARSEIILES, SUKDAY, MAY 11, 7 45 P.. "The Tamise has arrived with advices from Constantinople of the 1st of May, and from the Crmea of the 29th of ApriL. She brings 450 men. " Despatches leave at 10 p.m. "The Fleurus man-of-war, the frigates Darien, Magellan, and Panama, and the steamers Asyrien and Mentor, have arrived -with 4,500 troops from the Crimea." TEE SOU.N]D DIUS. (B ELECTRic TEEGRAAPH.) COPENTEAGE!, M&Y 10. In a protocol signed yesterday Russia and Sweden formally adhered to the mode of capitalizing the Sound Dues proposed by the Danish Government. We have received the MondICur of yesterday. It does not contain any news of interest.
ArA VAL AND MILITABY IjNrTBLLIGBrCE. The following letter, dated Malta, April 30, is from our own correspondent - " Her Majesty's screw steam-sloop Ariel arrived from Gibraltar on the 24th for the purpose of having her purser and paymaster, Mr. Bennet, tried by -court-martial on a charge of defrauding his messmates and making false entries, to the prejudice and damage ofthe Government, in his private accounts. The trial tookplace on Monday last, when he was dismisseder Majesty's service and condemned to twoyears' imprisonm'ent, one-half of the term -with hard labour. The Arie left on her return to Gibraltar on the "Her Majesty's steam-frigate Furious, -which left Malta on the 20th, towing the Tribune steam-frigate, conveying Earl Dalhousie and famlily to England, returned on the 27th, having left her charge well on her voyage to Gibraltar, with a fair wind and fino weather. "The Jason steam transport arrived on the 28th from Southampton in ballast, and left on the same day for the Crimea. " The Golden Fleece steam transport arrived from the same port on the 28th, and left for Constantinople on the same day. " The Calcutta steam transport, with stores for Malta, and Constantinople, arrived from Southampton on the 27th, bringingf the widowv and two clhildren of Colonel Burmest'er, Ryar Engineers, who dropped down dead two days after leaving England from a disease of the heart while on deck, apparently in good heath, conversing .with his wife. The deceased had lately been appeinted to Corfu. -"The Bacchante steam transport arrived from London and Gibraltar on the 29th with stores. "The Chersonese steam transport, from Liverpool, arrived on the 30th. " The English brig Violetta arrived from Genoa on the 24th. " The Alps steam transport left for Constantinople on the 24th, followed on the 25th by the Arthur Gordon steam tranTport. trehe Adelaide steam transport left for the Crimea on the 25th. " The Linda and the Ercole arrived from Tripoli on the 28th. "' The Calcutta left for Constantinople and Balaklava on the 2Sth. "The Norman steam transport arrived on the 29th from Ismid. "d The Euphemus sailing transport arrived froni Balaklava and Constantinople on the 29th with returned stores and Russian cannons, and left for England on the 30th. "The Columbian steam transport, in the French service, ar-ived from Marseilles on the 27th with stores for Constantinople, having on board 14 French officers, and left for Constantinople on the 30th. ' The French transport brigNouveauFernand arrived on the 30th from Civita Vecchia. " The French line-of-battie ships Marengo and Charlemagne arxived on the 25th from Kamiesch, Tenedos, and Mblo, the former bringing 890, the latter 1,200 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates. Both left for Marseilles on the 28th. " The French steamfrigate Canada, bringing 900, and the ship of the line Trident, bringing 960 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, arrived on the 28th from Salamis Bay, and left on ths following day for Toulon. "The Prince Jerome French steam line-of-battle ship arrived from Kamiesch on the 29th with 1,200 officers, noncomnmissioned officers, and privates, and left for Algiers on the 30th. " The Berthollet French steam corvette left on the 24th for the Pirens, conveying 160 seamen for the French fleet. " The Ulm French screw steam line-of-battleship left for Constantinople on the 24th. " The New York, English steamer in the French transport service, left for Constantinople on the 24th. " The Sardinian steam frigate Constituzione arrived from Constantinople on the 25th, and left for Genoa on the 26th. " The Dora Sardinian steam frigate arrived on the 27th from Constantinople, having on board Major Gibbone, 16 other officers, and 420 non-commissionedofficers and privates, and left for Genoa on the 28th. " The Earl of Aberdeen steam transnort in the Sardinian service arrived from Balailava and C5onstantinople on the 30th, with 187 officers, non-commissioned, officers, andprivates of the Sardinian army, and left on the same- afternoon for Spezzia. " The Ottoman sailing frigate Ghivau Bahri, after having been nearly six months at Malta awaiting a turn to enter the dry dock to repair, having bore up leaky from the vicinity of Algiers, took her departure for Liverpool and the Clyde to be fitted with steam machinery. "The Vatican French postal steamer left for Messina, the continental ports of Italy, and Marseilles on the 24th. "The Mersey, from Marseilles, and the Capitol, from the same port, the continental ports of Italy, and Messina, b!ringing the Post-office mails, arrived on the 27t'n- the former left for Alexandria on the same afternoon, the latter wiU leave on her return voyage to-morrow " The Simois, French postal steamer, arrived on the 28th from Marseilles. " The Indus, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket, arrived from Sonthampton and Gibraltar on the "The Meandre, French postal steam-packet, arrived from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra, on the 30th, bringing 346 French military invalids. She left for Marseilles on the same afternoon, conveying likewise Lord Methuen from M3alta. " The French screw steamer Prophite, from Tunis, left for Tripoli on the 25th. "The Ida screw-steamer, from London, arrived on the 25th, and left for Constantinople on the same day. "TheAleppo screw-steamer arrivedfromFalmouthland Gibraltar on the 26th, for Alexandretta, for which port she left on the 27th. "The Orontes screw-steamer arrived on tne 27th from Liverpool, for Constantinople, for which port she left on the 28th. " The Tenerife screw steamer arrived from Constantinople and Smyrna on the 29th, and lefb for Liverpool on the 30th. " The British Queen screw steamer, from Liverpool, arrived on the 30th, and left for Syra, Smyrna, and Constantinople on the same day." The Severn, steam transport No. 194, Captain Gillies, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from the East with 196 invalids, in charge of Dr. Poole and Assistant-Surgeon Job. The following were the chief passengers :-Lieum tenant Brooks, commanding officer; Lieutenant-Colonel Macbeth, of the 68th Regiment; Colonel Aylmer, of the 89th; Major Murray, of the 492d Bighlanders; Lieutenant McGill, of the 49th; Captain Anderson, of the 56th; Captain Rock, Captain Harmay, RIA., Major Marriott, Drs Edwards, Rhys, and Cruce, Ensign Gillies, Mr. Hooper, R.N., Mfr. Palmer, Mr. Goldstone, Mrr. Jobell, 9 men of the Army Works Corps, 4 distressed British subjects, John Sheppard, boatswain, R.N., &c. She brought as cargo 16 mortars, 2,500 shot, Sc. On the 4th inst., off Gibraltar, she passed the Peninsular and Oriental Companv's steamship Simla; and on the 6th she passed Her Majety's steamer Tribune, with Lord Dalhousie and Staff on board, off the Rock of Gibraltar; and, on the same day, the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Ava. The Oneida screwsteamtransport, No. 222, Captain Moreton, arrived at Spitheadyesterdayfromlsmid, with400 men, 20 officers, and 165 horses of the 8th Hussars, under the command of Brigadier-General Shewell. The folowing are the officers --Colonel de Salis, Major Tom'kinson, Captain Naylor, Captain Chetwode, Lieutenants Clowes, Heneage, Sawbridge, and Mussenden, Cornets Harrison, Webster and Haynes, Adjutant Harding, and Surgeon Lockwood, Veterinary Surgeon Grey, Paymaster Duberly, Quarternaster Lant, Lieutenant Coates, 7th Hussars; Lieutenant Paget, of the 8th Hussars ; Lieutenant Jones, of the 8th Hussars, and Mr. Miller, engineer, R.N. The Geyser, 6, steam sloop, Commander Tower, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from Liverpool with two new gunboats in tow. The Sampson, 6, steam-frigate, Captain Hand, is ordered to the East India and China station. The naval steam transport Resistance and the hired steam transports Great Western and Imperatriz left Ports. mouth on Friday for the Crimea, to brin" home troops. The sailing vessel Nsorman Morrison left Liverpool for Cornk on Saturday, there to embark a relief detachment for Quebec. The screw steamtransports Charity and Prince Arthur are expected to sail from the Mersey for the Crimea tomorrow. They will bring back troops to England. The following appointments were made on Saturdayat the Admiralty :-Peter Francis, Master, to be promoted to Retired Comnmander; Edward LI Carey, to be Master I to the Boscawen; Qeorge F. M'Dougal to be Master to the Fisgartl; John M Stockle, to be Master to the Meander; Edward F. Eessell, to be Assistnt-Paymaster to the Belleisle; C. P. Fielon, to be Assistant-Paymaster to the Centarion ; James Wortley, to be AssistantI Clerk to the Royal Albsrt; N. B. Demoys, to be AssistantiClerl; to the Indefatigable; D. J. Wough, to be Assistant- Clerk io the Excellent; i1. B. Grandy, to be AssistantClerlk to the St. Jemn d-'Acre; *J. 'V. Arndrews, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Royal Albert; A. M. Wade, to hb Assistant-Clerk to tlhe Ag.-memnon; E. J. Castort ho be AnsiRI tant-Clerk to 1the Indefatigable.
FOBBIaN Z.sLIGFENCE. TPhME. lETOM OUR oWN CooZSPDDMS.) M portlon of the fdowing appcaroa in our meoond edition Sa Rt Av i-I TARI8, Rly, ? 9, 6 P.M. The Mon1i@tur of to-day announmces a fact which I mentioned some days since,-the departure of Gene- al Ney for St. Petersburg, with the answer of the Emperor Napoleon to the letters or the Czar, announcinrg his accession to the Throne, and to that containing the felicitations on the birth of the lmperal Prince-both which communications were presented on the 29th of April by Count Orloff. There is another fact, however, of which the Momiteur makes no mention, and that is, that General Ney is said to be the bearer of a long letter from the Emperor to the Czar, giving a full e-xplanation of the reasons which induced France, England, and Austria to conclude the treaty of the 15th of April, unknown not only to Count Orloff, but to every one else except the parties whose signatures are affixed to it. It remains to be seen whether the Czar will be satisfied nith these reasons; he will hardly be so if they are only those given to Count Orloff, which do not appear to have satisfied him; but he cannot help himself, and his hold on Austria is now completely lost. In my allusion to this treaty on3londay Ido not thinl- that I exaggerated its import; I doubt even whether sufficient justice was done to it, and I have not been in error in stating that the Russian Plenipotentiary has not been convinced by the arguiments he has heard. I believe the only indication that had been given of it was a statement in December last of an engagement on the part of Austria to adopt a more vigorouspolicyin case of the rejection by Russia of her propositions. But these propositions were accepted; and it may be asked what cause has arisen for assuming so menacing an attitude towardsRussia? The cause is, that she knows she hd earned the intense hatred of Russia -without putting herself in an extraordinarily good position with France and England. To these, however, she trustedmore thanto her former friend, and, finding herself on the point of complete isolation-Russia hostile, Prussia eagerly watching the oppotutiity to strike a blow, and Italy burning to avenge many wrongs, she resolved to protect herself from the enemy that was nearest to her, and that may here. after be most fatal to her. Hence the readiness with which she signed the treaty'of the 15th. It is certain that the treaty was to be kept a profound secret from all; it was projected, discussed, and signed with the same intention of secrecy on the part of England and France, and perhaps when Lord Clarendon left Paris the English Government had no idea of presenting it to Parliament with the treaty of the 30th March and the protocols. What, then, it may be asked, was the reason for making it pubEic? I can hardly answer the question, and I only hazard a conjecture when I suggest that it may have contributed to carry the Treaty of Peace (of the 30th) more easily through Parliament, and make it more acceptable to the nglsh publc. That there is something very delicate in this matter is suspected from the fact that the Moniteur, which has given the treaty of the 30th and the protocols, has not, I believe, given the one in question, nor even copied it from the English papers, in which Count Orlofffirst saw it, to his surprise. The first article of the supplemental treaty of the 15th states that the high contracting parties, jointly and severally, gnarantee the independence and integrity of the Ottoman empire, &c., and in case of infraction of the stipulations of the treaty with Russia will take measures as to the employment of their naval and military forces. Russia by herself is hardly in a condition now to do any injury to Turkey; is there any suspicion of an alliance between Prussia and Russia, to counterbalance that of England, France, and Austria ? Are we likely to be again called on to assist Turkey against danger from within or without? In such an emergency wve shall certainly be better prepared than before, but it wvouldbe too much that we shoulld be constantly kept in movementto k;eep together what some of the more enlightened Ottomans themselves fear is destined sooner or later to dissolution. We anxiously await the result of the experiment now making in Turkey in the way of reform, but we cannot help asking whetherthe Greek subjects of the Sultan will really become less Russianin consequence of these measures, and the Ottoman empire more consolidated thereby? If the Ottoman element gradually disappeared before the moral and material growth of a subject race, would that race be fit to be intrusted with the heritage of the Sultans? And if its sympathies and partialities towards Russia increased instead of diminished with time, what would be the result ? These are questions time only can solve; but I should not be surprised if they occaupied the attention of those who negotiated in secret the little treaty which has surprised and (it is affirmed) dissatisfied Count Orloff. We shall see if the Emperor Alexander be more placable. The affair between Belgium and France begins to assume an unpleasant aspect, though from whiat I can learn this Government has no desire to push matters to an extreme. The excesses of a portion of the Belgian press is not, it appears, the only cause of displeasure. It is complained that the King of the Belgians forgot a little his usual sageacity in hastening to giv e to the Czar the Grand Cross of LJeopold, and in making a display of. it in the Belgianl .Atonlif,eii It is not usual, it appears, to publish the name of the recipient of such honours in th'e official organ of the Government wven the recipient is a crowned head. Kings and subjects cannot, of course, be put on a leveL On the other hand it is declared that there wasno intention of bravado in the act. The Order of Leopold could not be given to the Czar so long as he had not recognized the Government of King Leopold, andc that recognition coming late was all but coincident with the poltical situationwhich preceded the war. MToreover, the decoration could not have been given without offence to England and France while Russia was at war vith those Powers. Now, as the EmperorAlexander appears to prize the Belgian Order beyond measure, King Leopold took the first favourable opportunity of gratifyi his intense longing-but nothing disrespectful, or anything approaching it, was intended by the act. The King of Wurtemberg attended the reception of the Princess Mathilde last night. The Emperor was also present. The fete wVS got up rather hastily, and the number of persons invited was less than if more time had been allowed. The King is tall and portly, of a pleasing aspect, and of affable, easy manners. He conversed freely with every one, and made himself very agreeable. The King and Emperor had been at the Italian Opera together, and went to the Princess's afterwards, the Emperor first callmngat the Tuileries to see the Empress, and the King proceeding to his nieed's. I forgot to mention, in speaking about Belgium, that 3M Adolphe Barrot, the Minister of France at that Court, was in Paris for a few days, but has returned to his post. His communications with the Cabinet of Brussels were, it appears, verbal. The iMIonitcur contains the following note:- "A company bearing the title of La Conipagnie GeneraI4 Europnncrx d'Emigration et de Colonisction haspublished an advertisement, in which may be read the following passage -' The company possesses the highest protection in theprincipal countries for immigration, and already reclkons among its shareholders, for important amounts, aQ7gust per. sons ptaced on thc steps of the throne.' This announce. ment, made two days after the insertion in the Monitcur ol the letter which the Idinister of the Interior had addressed by order of the Emperor to the Prefect of Police, contains false and highly improper statements. At the moment when the Emperor 3iakes known by his 1inister that there has been organized axound industrial companies a system of culpable jobbing, against which well-intentioned person5 cannot be too much on their gaard, and when the Emperor orders that all personal influence in the despatch of business shall be proscribed in the most absolute manner, the Direc. tors of the Emi,gation and Colonization Company dare to publish that they reckon among the humher of those in. terested in their undertaking pes3ons piee on Ute steps of thc throne. In pointing out what is materially false ia this announcement, we will add that their Imperial Highnesses Prince Jerome and Prince Napoleon, his son, who appear to be indirectly alluded to, have no interest whatever in any kind of commercial undertaking, and particularly in the Emigration and Colonization Com. pany. The name of General the lIzarquis de I'dcard, the first Aide-de-Canip to Prince Jerome, figures among the members of the council of surveillance and patronage of this company. As soon as Prince Jerome was informed of this fact he expressed his astonishment, and the General, comprehending that, his functions of Aide-de-Camp to the Prince wereincoinpat.ible wvith;those of a member of a committee of surveillaince or patronage, tendered hiz resignatior to Prince Jeron,e, w;ho accepted it." General M'hihon, commander of the 3d corps fld'aermc in the Crimea, haa been ordered to return to France, for the purpose, it is believed, o
A USTBALIA. -S E T=REPPOOr. SATTTP.TD.ty :-Ea By the arrival off St. Ive's, after a passage of 74£ days froni Melbourne, of the Royal Mail packet Ocean Chief, of the Black :Ball line, we are in the receipt, through the courtesy of Messrs. James Baines and Co., of dates from Melbourne to the 25th of February. The Ocean Chief left Melbourne on the morning of the 26th of Febraary, and has, on board 80 passengers and 50,000 ounces of golddust on. freight. The Royal Iail packet Mfarco Polo, of the same line, hence, had arrived out after a passage of 79 days. The Eagle, of Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co.'s Eagle line, was announced to leaveMelbourne with a mnail on the 11th of MIarch. In the Legislative Assembly a motion that a select committee be appointed to consider the propriety of imnmediately establishing a line of steamers be'tween MIelbourne and Point de G-alle or Singapore for postal purposes, with power to take evidence, had been carried. The Arqus, comnmenting on this subject, concludes; as follows We must have two or three steamships of our own. WVe have tried all other ways andfailed. A private firm thinks nothin" of such an investment; public companies own such vessels by the score. Surely it would be no great extrava. gance in an entire people. We have lost time by trying to reconcile conflicting interests among these colonies. ~Wc must have no more of this. We mnst do the deed by our own independent action, and crush local prejudices by superior energy. Nothig is easier than to deal witlh them. 'hIere, New South Wales, Tasmania, South Australia,' as the case maybe, 'here are your English letters of 45 days old. Your subsidy is so-and-so, or your ostages so-and-so. If neither suit you, get your letters by sailng vesscls how you can, and much good maythey do you, torpid crawlers as von are ' It has been shown that this scheme can be carried out at an original outlay of 60,0007. to SO,0001. for the purchase of steamers, and an annual worklng expenditure of something like 100,000. Against this we have the Victorian subsidy already voted, the postage upon letters and newspapers, the subsidies from other colonies, andthe freight and fares for passengers. But, suppose al these failed us, and the service cost us the whole 100,OOO . a-year, we maintain that there is scarcely a sum upon the estimates which will be expended for so good a purpose." Mr. C. Gavan Dfuffy had continued to receive the congratulations of his admirers. He had been entertained at Geelong; and at M!elbourne a meeting of the citizens had been held for the purpose oc discussing a project of presenting him with a property qualification for the Legislative Assembly. The amount required was 2,090L, and of this amount 4071. was subscribed upon the opening of the lists, Mr. J. MIooney, amid loud cheers, contributing 1007. We learn from a3felbourne gold circular of the-23d. of February that the tendency during the week had been upwards, the price forthe last twvo days having been 31. 16s. 6d per ounce. It had caused a. large quantity of gold to be released from deposit inz the camps at the fields, and one ef the largest escorts had been received since the week previtus.to' the. duty being levied, ancl it was expected! that the anivals of the Ovens escort would increase, tle amount considerably. Sone rich quarta iefss hadl been discovered at the Il4vor field. A ew rusha had been made at the C&Iedonian digghaga, to, some hill worl;ings near the old digging.s. A lull had taken place at the Steiglitz diggmgs.. Some accounts; are favourable; others say the. affair was a complkte hoax. The quantity of gold, exported during the week ending the 211', of Febcuary vwas Jio567. 2s., ani the entries. for- shipment -at tl. Custom-house on the same,- dty. ae 4,111 ounese, of which 3,4(2 ounces wr0, for: Liverpool, 51%4pinces for Hongkong, 117 ounces for Lndon, a,ail6 ounces for-Sydney. The-Argusi repoxts that the amount of goZd received X thp G:ulfice on tha morning of tbe 22d was 5t 54 omnces, and that i,e aport duty wa. paid on 16, D-a oungea zl the CusI us during tlb day. The imports for the we6k- ended, iE lth of FeIbruary were 2£ the declarad value. o- 2Z,552L., and. the exporta of 340,333-. Of tho. latter, goldl amountea p 224,9651. .- wool, 8QZ .:live stodg,, 1,1051.; c.iaer produei, 2,287?, The fgser-market, in conses;uenee of continuaus suppliesirom AdelWde anc tlari-val of a Chian cargo, wkas lowver, Adelaido being at 281. 10s and Chi4, 2717. 10s per ton. TMe eeling of the maarket was taDwnward. Oats weao dull of sale. The brvest i~s tfe colownes was szid to be of a poolr descrip- The market was tolerably well suplqied with labour, both skilled and unskilled. There Was a good demand for first-rate ploughmen. The demand for mechanical labour was improving, and womert were in good demand at high wages, really good servants being extremely scarce. Orders from the interior wera arriv ing, and a FE portionate amount of stock was finding its cW to tie diggingrs. Advanced rates had been obtai.A for several articles, especially candles, which ware held firml-y for a fi-tbe% dvance. . Business in Adelaide wag very aw3s. The greatel evils were sgid to be pauper44IRl jiul t exya e unsuit-AO emigrlants.
IRELANVD. (F.Rox OUR oWv.' CORRESFOIDENTAN DUBLIN, SATURDAY M1ORNiyG. T}E TIPP2EARY BANK. It is stated that the shareholders of the bank, or rather those who, it may be said, represent them in Parliament, are about to introduce a measure by which they would to some extent be released from their liabilities. If this statement be correct, it behoves the creditors of this enormous swvinidle to be on the alert, and to take prompt steps for the protection of their interests. That some such scheme ia sesiously contemplated is further confirmed by a -writer in the 11ation of this day, who thus warns the parties of the nature of the prospective legislation:- " Tlhe creditors of the Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank should he apprized, withoutamoment's delay, of a plan inpro. gress, got up by the Sadleirite shareholders and ex-holders, ,o oust the just rihts of the creditors, compel them to submit to the vwinding-up farce, and accept of a composition -far belcw what the properties of tie shareholders would realize if wade available; and this by means of clauses inserted in a public bill which the promoters expect to have paszed svnb silentio. The creditorssFould be active, indeed, to defeat this project, -nd look sharplyto the Winding--aActs Amendment Bill, which received a second reading in the lords last Tuesday, and, for what appeas to the contrary, rcay have had its third reading there before you can publish this. Yeouma-rely on the main fact that such a plan is in pro"ress. The creditors should hold a meeting in Dublin wiiout delay, and appoint a conmmittee to assert ';heir rights.' IONGFORD ELEMON. Mlr. Shuildham, the moderate Conservative candidate, has formally announced his retirement from -the field. There is now scarcely a probability of a contest, so that MIr. Henry George Hughes, Q.C., will have a quiet walk over. Extreme Toryisni must be fast dying out in Longford, a county which, not many years back, was regarded by that party as tolerably safe for at least one seat. Although a very zealouLs Roman Catholic and a Whig, and something more, MAr. Hughes is rather a favourite than otherwise with the majority of his political opponents. His speech upon the hsustings at Cavan, where he suffered a signal defeat, gave promise of oratorical abilit-w- of no common order. THE 3MUDER OF MISS HIDS. WVith a few partial exceptions, Mr. AttorneyGeneral Fitzgerald has the cordial support of the Irish press in the course he has taken with regard to the attempted writ of error on behalf of the murderer Dunne, whose comparatively respectable position as a farmer of the better class, with some' pretensions to education, renders his guilt far more danining than that of the ignorant wretches who, for a few paltry pounds, obeyed the sanguinary orders of the chief concoctor of the plot. A provincial journal (the Leinster Eqnrcss) truly observes:- "There has been some mawkish sermonizing on the efuisal of the Attorney-General to grant his fiat, in order to - enable the advisers of the murderer Dunne to bring a writ of error. To every one not blinded to an extraordinary degree by too much blackletter it will appear that thelearned *gentleman has acted perfectly right. Thegrounds onwhich application was made were, that afterthe jury was sworn, but betore any evidence was given, one of the jurors becamae unwell, and another was sworn in his place. It is now said that, upon this proceeding, the prisoner had a right to begin his chaUenges over again; and although that right was not demanded at the trial, yet on such a foundation, a sort of trap having been, as it were, set for the Crovwn, it has now been sought to vitiate the verdict. We do not suppose that anybody seriously believes that a writ of error in such a case could be successful; sad it is extremely problematical whether the Court wvoulld even call on the Crown to say a word in opposition to it. But, even on the unpcss:.blehypothesis that it would be successful, the result could only have the effect of causing a new trial, and only of deferring Dunne's execution; for of his guilt no jury, with the slightest regard for their oaths, could have the least doubt. We therefore may fairly look on the whole proceeding as merely a contrivance to gain time,; while, in the meanwhile, ' a nnmerously-sigaed memorial' would be hawked about for signatures beseeching Dunne's pardon. Experience has taught us that this can be done for the most guilty; and the Attorney-General has acted, in refusing to countenance any such proceeding, not only with a view to tlhe interests of public justice, but even w,ith consideration for the murderer, to whom every delay of his ultimate fate, every vain hope held out, can only add to his torture. As for those who hint at 'mercy' for Dunne, we hope we need only tell them to recall the circumstances of the barbarous murder of his victim." THE rOPE AND THE LATE MR. LUCAS. The following serai-official announcement, " In re Lucas v. Ossory," is put prominently for-ward in the Nation: " We have accurate authority for stating that the memo. rial of Frederick LIucas on the condition of the Catholcs of this country and their relat.ons to the British Government and the Holy See has been presented to his Holiness the 'epe, at whose direction it wvas comnposed. The HolyFather too the occasion of e.xpressing to the eminent divine who laid the memorial before him his sincere and intense regret for the death of Mr. Lucas, and his sense of the severe loss which Catholic interests in Ireland and throughout the British empire had sustained thereby. We have received still later ar.d equaly authenticinformation that the memorial had been very carefuly e.xamined and very favourably considered. WFe have every hope that it will excite a careful and immediate inquiry upon the part of Rome into the state of affairs here; and, if so, we have not the faintest fear for the result." THE 3URDER OF MIRS. KlY. 'Ihe mystery of this foul murder remains as impenetrable as ever, and whether its origin is to be traced to an agrarian conspiracy or to family feuds time may, perhaps, tell; but, looking back to the di.mal records of crimae of a simlilar dye, the perpetrators of which still remain undiscovered to human eyes, it is to be feared, as a Dublin journal remarks, that all the facts of this case w-ill never be wholly brought to light till the last great accounting day. Enclosed is a copy of the informations sworn by Ir. Christopher CaMDion, the confidential solicitor of Mrs. Kelly, and upon whichl Mr. George Strevens was arrested.- "I was well acquainted with the circamstances of 3rs. Xelly's property. Mr. George Strevens was her nephew. He resided, I think, since May, 1850, on her estate in Ballnderry. Hle was managinng that portion of it which was in 3his. Kelly's own hands. He accounted for his receipts in October, 1851, and there was a process of accounting going on at the time of her death. He rendered no account since 1851, but he paid her money from time to time. I think there wams a balance of between 601. and 701. due on the account of 1851; Mrs. Kelly was dissatisfied wvith the accounts which Itas investigating vwithin the last three or four weeks, which accounts commenced in October, 1851, and ended on the last day of the last year. I know Mr. James Flood; he was employed as a builder by MIrs. Kelly at Ballinderry. I recolect bis coming to Dublin about three or four weeks before Mrs. Kely last came to Ballinderzy, and told her he did not think he could stay longer at Balinderry. This was in Mrs. Kelly's parlour at Baggot-street. I don't think any one was present except us three. He did not like how matters were going on atlBallinderry; that, as regarded himself, 3r. Strevens was throwing obstacles in the way of that portion of the work he was directed to do; tnat his conduct was unaccountable and extraordinary. He talked of a girl named Biddy Dolan. He said he suspected there was some iUicit intercourse or intrigue between Mr. :Strevens and her; that she had some very extraordinary hold on Mr. Strevens, or that he was in her power. Mrs. Kely said she would take care Mr. Flood should not be -annoyed, and that she would come down to Bailinderry herself. Flood Eaid he would recommend her and me to be cautious how we exposed ourselves at Ballinderry-that he apprehended some injury to us. I said to her, "You recollect about the strychnine. "I alluded to Mrs. Kellyhaving some mnonthsbefore told me that hlr. Strevens carried in his poket a smalU paper of stchnine. She said to me, "She tnow whether it was on that or a previou occasion 'that Strevens told her he had it for sheep water. It appeared that this matter about the strychnine, vwhich fr. Campion thought proper to put forward, had been voluntarily mentioned to Mrs. Kelly'ovMDr. Strevens himself, iat he had it for sheep wvater. 'e deposition went onShe also said it was from hr. Strevens himself she knew that he carried it. Mrs. KellycametoBallinderry, Ithink in the middle of the weel before Easter Sunday. From the time I came to BaUinderry I was employed in investigating Mr. Strevens's accounts. I had arrived at the result, and ascertained the balances for the years 1852, 1853, and 1854. The balances were against 31r. Strevens-I think, on the three years, upwards of 3,0001. Mrs. Kelly'sintentions, a-s expressed to me, were, first, to ascertain the balance due Ly . Strevens, to show him how mu^ h he owed her on t ese accounts, then to send him to England for the purpo.-e of brealdng off all connexion between a girl nam ed Mary Owens, in Athlone, and Biddy Dolan, in Ballinderrg, and she stated shehopedh would then get married to an E.glish lady resident in Rent, with whom he was acquainted, and she would then give him some means to start in the world in Engiand. She mentioned 5001. I wanted her to give 1,00W0. Before we went to the country we had conversa- tions on the subject. I can't say we had any since we came there. I can't say Mr. Strevens was aware of those intentions of Mrs. Kelly. I never stated them to him. For ,four years Iwas not on speaking term with him. lam not aware that they wereever commnunicated to him. Mrs. R elly has by her wi left Mr. Strevens three denominations of land in Roscommon, and 2,0001. in money. On.Monday, the day beforethe murder, M1r. Strevens asked me to accompany him to a field where a ditch had been partly levelled, with a evie of having a wall erected in its stead, and that is the ieid where the m urder was committed. I declined going oit as I wanted to finish the accounts. I was surprised at his asking me to go out, hut I thought it was done to con. Fcliate m el IHis m anner of demeanour was not so disagree. 1e assonijormer occasions. I was anxions to get to Dublin on ty:j following Wednesday. Mr. Strevens heard me say so to~ , -Kelly, and on a subsequent occasion he asked me, #hen she was not present, when I would be ioing to Dublin. That must have been on Tuesday moinig. I told him I would go on Wednesday, if I coul s. Kelly had not made any arrangement to reurn with me to Dubin, butIsam quite convincedshe would. Qn no former occasion, when Iwas in Balinderry, as far as I can recollect, did . Strevens as]; me the same questions. We avoided talkinz to each other as much as possible. Ga Tuesday mo,ging, the morning of the murder, kr. Strevens asked Mrs. Kelly, in my hearing, whether she would go 'with hini either to the hill field or to the place 'where the wall was to be built. I don't know which; but it is the rame place. The ditch which was to be levelled was one of the boundaries of the field where she was murdered. I answered for both Amrs. Kelly and myself, and said, "I can't go with you, for I am anx,ious to finish the accounts, and go to town to-morrow." Mr. Strevens never aFked me before to go and look at any of the works of the farm, nor do I recollect his ever before ask-ing Mr Kelly to do so. He may have done so. In point of fact, she was in the habit of going out with Mr. Strevens over the farm. I am not sure whether I then Paid we would go out at any other time. We dined between 1 and 2 o'clock that day, all three together. After dinner he again asked me to go to the hill field, or to the field where the ditch was to be made. We all went out about a quarter or 20 minutes past 2 o'clock. We walked into a field in which two masons were at work at a wall, wbich was not finished. A shower of hail came on, and we took shelter under the wall. When it was over we walked to the ditch, which was levelled, and stood up on it. We crossed the level portion of the ditch, and went into the field where she was murdered. I remained in the field nearly an hour. Mr. Strevens and Mrs. Kelly were in close conversation. Did not go near them enough to hear what they were saying. I went home, passing through a field where some men were turning a heap of manure, and, having waited with them a few minutes, on my return home I went to the accounts, and I tFink I was about an- hor and a-half in the room where I was sitting, when Mr. Strevens rushed into it in an e:cited state. He said, "My aunt, or Irs. KleUy, I don't know which, is murdered or shot." I got up and put on my list.. lie went to the sideboard. I reproached him -with having left her alone, and he said, "Don'tMgo,Mr. Canmpion, or they will shoot you; they are in the field yet-." He went to a drawer of the sideboardof which he alone kept the key. I saw him go to the drawer. I don't know w hether he opened it or not, for I went out and went up to the field where the murder was committed. I met James Flood coming back, and he begged of mne not to go, for it was a most fearful sieht. I did go, and, after remaining a fewv minutes, I retumned from it. Before I got up to vwhere the body wvas, I met Owen Waters, one of the workmen, who is now present. My impression is that he threw himself in my way. He used some observations, which I don't recollect, and, according to. my opinion (and I was well able to form an opinion), he was under the influence of drink. Owen Waters is the reputed brother of Biddy Dolan. When I turned away from the body a few yards I saw Mr. Strevens. I said this was well lanned, or wvell arranged. I looked at him vory earnestly. then said he had seen the two men for a considerable time before his aunt wvas murdered. He pointed out the course they took, and pointed out particularly one field, a low field lying to the south of the house, in which there had been some buggy hillocks dug out. He also said that they pursued him (after having shot his aunt) a considerable distance. He pointed out the couse the two men took. He said after leaving the fiat field they came up to the side of the hil, and that he then saw them behind the wall which divides the field she was murdered in from the adjoiing one. If they were standing erect they could be seen behind the wall from the field where blrs. Kelly was, particularly where she was standing, which was the most elevated part of the field. If they were crouching down they could not be seen. I said, " She had a pretty protector." I asked why he did not stay and alarm the country-why he did not keep them in sight? 3He said they pursued him a considerable distance that his life was m danger; that he turned round. I eaid, "When they saw you run they did not pursue you any more." He said not. The body was brought home. James Bannon brought a horse and cart to bring the body home; he was bringimg the mare in a brutal way. I really thought his object was to bring the mare on the body. 1 caught the mare by the bridle, and saw that Bannon was evidently tipsy. James Bannon is a nephew of, and resides with, Owen Kinaghan, a tenant who had been served with notice to quit. Mrs. Kely had served notices to quit upon all the tenants, except one, a man named Edward Casey, about this time twelvemonths. She was about to proceed upon some of the notices. It was her intention tobave distressedOwen Kinaghan. The reason was he was in the habit of Setting his land by conacre, and of drinking and neglectig his holding. She would have shifted Michael Maguire and dispossessed a widow. The notices to quit Iould have expired on the 1st of MTay. I don't knoW whether the tenants knew her intentions. I have now a life estate in BaDinderry, and after my death it goes to a younger brother of Mr. Bailey's. I don't know whether Mr. Strevens was aware of Mrs. Kelly's intentions so far as it affected him. I never told him. I am not aware whether Mrs. Kelly was in the habit of telling her intentions respecting her will to any one. I don't recollect that I ever told any one the contents of Mrs. Kelly's will, except that on one occasion I gave Mlr. Thomnas Strevens a hint from which he might infer that the lands uf Kitoome were left to him. M1rs. Kelly made a former will, I think in 184S, leaving Ballinderry to Mr. George Strevens. Mr. M'Mahon, the sub-ispector of constabulary, on the evening of the murder, about 7 o'clock, told me that a policeiran would remain with me, and he did remain and sleep in the same room with me, and continued with me until about 3 o'clock the next day, when Iir. Cronin, the resident magistrate, told me I was at liberty. The policeman did not prevent me from communicating with any one, but I did not attempt it. I waswalking about the town. The policeman was near to me. Mr. M'iahon mentioned about my being a Crown witness. After I said to Mfr. George Strevens "Th ey did not pursue you!any mnore," and he said not, I believe 1 said to him " Youwere not the man they wanted to shoot." On Monday night, the (night of the day before the murder, I stated to Mr. George Strevens the result of the balance for the three years for which I completed the accounts. He made no observation about them. On the day of the murder I believe he remained with me for some time before 1 o'clock going over the accounts, but I am not sure that I made anymistakesintheinvestigationoftheaccounts. It was some time between 7 aud 9 o'clock in the afternoon of Monday night that I stated the balance to Mr. G. Strevens. Mrs. T. Strevens stated to me that Mr. G. Strevens had purchased stock with the produce of other stock in, I think, 1855. I must say Mrs. Kely spoke and acted to the las' towards Mr. G. Strevens with great kindness and consideration, and was anxious that his removal should give as little annoyance to him as possible, but I had no reason to suppose that he was aware she had any intention of removing him.', THE FU2NDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 911 ; ditto, for account, June 9, t 2 91j, -New Three per Cent. Stock, 911f,* ditto, for account, June 9, 92 ; Bank Stock 224; Hilernian Bank, 31k; Royal Bank, 19- 20; Dublin and Liverpool Steanmship Building Company, 43. PRailways.-Cork andBandon, 4; Dublin and Wicklow, 5,l; DundalkandEnnisldllen,for account, 131; Great Southern and Western, SlA 51; ditto, for account, SlA; ditto, Eighths, 6 per cent, pref., 7l; Waterford and Klkenny, New 6 per cent. pref., 24}. SATURDAY EVEING. THE DISAMAPmEET. Tue Post of this evening contains the followingr account of the meeting of commanding officers of militia, held on Friday:- " The mneeting of Irish peers and commoners, on the subject of the militia, of which I inforinedvon some days since, took place yesterday forenoon at the Thatched-house Tavern, St.James'sstreet. Itwas numerouslyattended. Among those present were, the Marquis of Donegal, Clhairman; the Marquises of Downshire, Abercorn, and Conyngham; Lords Enniskillen, Granard, Lanesborough, Bective, M.P., Claud. Hamilton, .P., GlengaD, Castlerosse, LMP., Bernard,MP.; Colonels Cole, P., Eulke Greville, M.P., Dunne, MYP., Ouseley Higgins, iM.P, Henry Hierbert, M.P., Caulfield, I.P., French, M.P., and several others, both~peers and members of the H[ouse of Comrnons. "The meeting having been a private one, I cannot give you particulars oF what took place; but I understand that all were unanimous in condemning the arranlements as announced last night in the House of Lords by Yord Paninure; and a very strong memorial was drawn up for presentation to the Prime Minister. In it they recommend that the present recruiting establishment should be done away with, and the militia employed in their place. In the event of Goevernment not acceding to this suggestion, they urge that the disembodied staffshould be kept up on a much larger scale than hitherto, including the surgeou as well as the quartermaster. "'The injustice of so smnall compensation as only one year's ay being given to surgeons was dwvelt on by several of the speakrers. "A deputation, consisting of the chairman and two others, was appointed to wait this evening on Lord Palmerston, to ascertain when he would receive the memorial, as it was thought important that he should know their wishes before the discussion on the subject in the house this evening." It aubs uently adds,- " 1ord Palmerston hal received the memorial on the subject of the militia, signed by almost aU the Irish Peers and members of Parliament now in London. He has promised to ge it his best consideration, and that no final decision. sh be made till all the suggestions in the memorial are fully coiisidered. Te enteredat lengthNviith the deputationl into the general subject, of which he appeared quite master, and referred to his having been himself Secretary at War at the last disembodinent." _ THE COAST DEFENCES. During the lnst few days a party of engineerg has been engaged in making a survey of the port of KEingatown, preparatory, it appears, to putting the place in a state of defence. It is intended to erect a fort on the east pier, which is to be mounted with five guns of heavy calibre (32-pounders), and accommodation is to be prepared for the reception of a detachment of Royal Artillery, to take charge of the battery when completed. It isalsosaid that Government contemplate the erection of another pier at lingstown, to be built about a mile distant from the present one, and still further to the eastward. It seems that the fine harbour is rapidly fillingup with mud, and it has been ascertained lately that the accumulation at some points is not less than seven feet in depth. __
A Mk? X D BY EA=nG I.DmE.-On Tuesday last an inquest was held at Ask-ham Bryan touching the death of Christopher Grieveson, aged 70 years a labourer who had resided at that village. On the Taesday previous his wife had been whitewashing the house, and, having occasion to go out for a short peziod, she left a bowl, containing lime, upon the table. On returning in a few minutes the found her husband seated in a chair, his month full of lime which he had evidently taken intentionally. She immnediately called in the neighbours, and gave him some mint water. He vomited quantities of lime, and appeared to have recovered. On the following Saturday, however, he was attacked with severe indisposition, and died before -medical aid could be procured. The deceased, who had been in a low state of mind for some time, had been in the habit of eating almost anything that came in his way, having a short time ago eaten a quanity of soap, and at another time aLargepieceofyellovrclay. Verdict:-"That the deceased d ed from the effects of a quantity of lime, which had been taken by him when in an uwsound state of mind,"-Yyo,*shir enan.
I kfEMROIRS OF THOMAS MOORE.* . - With the present volumes-the seventh and eighth of their series-the Memoirs of Thomas MWore are at length brought to a close. A good index was a compensation due to the public for its acceptance of so bulky a work, and with such an index, as far as we areableto judge,'itvery properly concludes. It also contains a- postscript by the noble editor rather vindicator of himself than of thesubject of his compilation. We infer thathebequeaths the poet to our uncovenanted mercies, while he primarily bespeaks consideration for, himself. To that consideration he is certainly entitled thus far. He intended to do a kind action. Wheinhe agreed with the _essrs. Longman to receive 3,0001. for the copyright of Moore's memoirs on behalf of 3loore's widow, his sole object, we can fully believe, was to make such a provision for that lady's declining years as she had lost by the lapse of her husband's life-pension. We must, therefore, honour the motive which, apart from all desire of literary fame, induced Lord John Russell to asstume an editor's function, while we adhere to our objections as to the mode ia which this function has been fulfilled. Theseobjectionshave been carefully stated by us on former occasions, and have only ceased to apply in all their force to this later portion of the work because they may possibly have already affected it on the anvil. At all events, Lord Jolm appears to have been at more pains. If he is still brief and languid, he is apparently safe, and, as far as we can detect, says nothing to provoke controversy. He may be still open to certain admonitions on his secondary deficiencies as an editor. If, for, example, MIoore was, as we learn from his editor's running title, 63 years of age from July to December, 1841, it was an unusual and perverse relapse on his part to simmer at 62 up to July in the following year, and only to recover his former age after a lapse of one year more. Again, it is unusual-in fact it is contrary tothefundamental.- rule of the Literary Fund-to allow the name:of any person benefitted thereby to be known to the crowd, and Lord -John Russell has committed a petty treason against the literary republic in permitting one such name to reach the ear of the Periceci by means of Moore's careless memorandum. Again it is remarkable that, with his knowledge of constitutional lore, Lord John should not have remenibered that such an authority as Lord Chatham insists that the expression "a mutual friend," with respect to a third person, and which Lord John employs in his eighth volume, page 33, is an admitted solecism. This petty misdemeanour could scarcely have been aggravated if it had contravened the authority of L-ord Somers. Again, it is disappointing to find that a gentleman who edits a person's memoirs does not tells us when he died, or any particulars of his latter days. And again,-but if we have found his unconscious Lordship trespassing on the literary manor where there are more man traps than he is aware of, we incline to let him off this time, for the reason that he meant no mischief. We do so the more readily because there are points in Lord John Russell's conduct towards Moore which are simply beyond praise. He petted Moore, it is true, and Moore flattered him; and their love of 2nutiml compliments was a tolerable infrinity. But apart from these reciprocal luxuries there appears to have been on the part of Lord John a genuine kind-hearted consideration for his poetfriend which is entitled to more than a complimentary acknowledgment. The mode in which literary men have been treated by their lordly admirers has not been invariably or even commonly of a l;ind to meet the claims of a fair reciprocity. Thel author gives pleasure, excitement, exaltation, and sometimes even confers immortality. The Lord has too frequently returned invitations to dinner with well bred compliments and presents of game and noyau. We should be the last to contend for an eleemosynary relation between author and patron. The troubadour of rancient days may fairly have received his konlos-asunw from the baron's plate-chest, because, as it has been fairly contended, he looked upon the baron as a being of superior order. But the troubadour of modern times, such as Moore was unquestionably, has a fine lurking sense of an equality deduced from Aidam, and brought to a valid test by his personal pretensions. Such a man by accident or necessity may appear a courtier. But in the liberty of his song he disclaims the falseness of his position. He complains with rebel energy- "How proud they can press to the funeral array "Of him whom they snunnedin hissickness and sorrow; "How bailiffs shall seize his last blanket to-day, "Whose paU shall be held up by nobles to-morrow."- Of such incongruities it behoves men in power to take heed for their own sakes. They may not, without incurring grave penalties, neglect the fair claims, the fair exigencies-as we must termn themof genius, or Went. They are bound to commend these to public recognition, and to insist on their recompense out of public resources. But, too commonly, they neglect this from indifference or timidity, or, meaner excuse, from a preference for their cousins. To this imputation we are bound to: admit that Lord John Russell, in the case of Moore, is in no respect liable. He did his best to provide: honourably for Moore's niecessities, and to his own honour we cite the following correspondence. On the 7th of MIay, 1835, M,oore received this letter from his Lordship, written on the- daypreceding that of the election on which so much depended, or I was then thought to depend. "My dear Moore,-I have been too busy since I last saw j you to be able to write on any but public concerns. Having, however, a little time to spare to-day, I wish to consult you on your own private affairs. I am now in a better position. than I formerly was for serving my friends. StiU there are very few opportunities of finding any situation that will smit a gentleman who does not belong to a profession. It has occurred to me that a pension for one or both of your sons might be a source of comfort to you in days of sickness or lassitude. But, perhaps, on the contrary, the offer might be displeasing to you, and I do not like to speak to Melbourne upon it without consulting you. If you have any. thing else to suggest which is more agreeable to your wishes, pray tell me freely as an old friend, and I will answer you as a friend, and not as a Minister." " 9tb.-Answered Lord John's letter as weU as I canrecol. lect as follows, not having kept any copy of my answer:'My first feelings on receiving your letter yesterday were those of surprise, joy, and thankfulness. I had long, indeed, given up those dreams which may in former days have haunited me with respect to my chances of being ever thought of by my great friends in the way of place or Dflice; partly because time and other circumstances bave made me a different person to serve, and partly because I began to susPect that what Swift says in one of his letters might possibly be the truth. 'I never,' he says, 'knew a Ministry do anything for those whom they had made the companions of their pleasures! You have shown, how. ever, that this is not the case; and I feel most gratefully, I assurepyou, your kindness in thinking of my poor wants in the midst of so many cares and distractions of your own. With respect to the manner in which you propose to serve me, by procuring pensions for my two boys, you have perhaps chosen the only mode of affording me pecuniary help which I should not instantly decline. I do not knovr whether I have told you, that when my father died, Lord Wellesley, rthen Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, sent very kindly to me to offer a pension for my mother.. This, however, coming ssitdidfrom a paity adverse to my own political opinions, I thought it right to decline, and the Lansdownes, among others, were of opinion that my doing so was foolish. That I want help is but too true. I live from hand to rmouth, and not always very sure that there will be anything in the former for the latter. You may have some notion of my means of my going on when I tell you that for my last published volume I received 75., and that I was two years and a-half employed upon it. You should not have been annoyed at this View of the Interior but for your own kind consideration of my wants; so you See what you bare brought upon yourself. But to come to the point-to be, or not to boa pensioner, that is the question. If only myself, or oven my other self into the bargain, were concerned, I think I should not hesitate as to the answer I would give; bu^t I confess the responsibility of refus,ing such timely aid for may two poor boys is more than I can take upon myself to encounter. A11cll say, therefore, at present is, that I leave the matter entirely in your hands, begging you to think, feel, and act for me in that capacity which you have always shown yourself so worthy to fll, of a sincere, wvarm friend. You may even, I think, call Lord Melbourne also into council, as I have known him at least long enough to count a little upon his oodwill. Vhatever you andahe think I may doI will do. kV vr ' " &a. Lrd Melbourne on being invited to their council gave some sOnsible reasons for preferring the father to the children. Subsequently Moore appears to have been offered, by Lord John, theplace of headclerk in the State-paper-office, "salary 300l. a-year, N.," which he prudently declined MWith the asseit of his fiiends, especially of Lord John and' Lord Landsdowvne, and on the 24th of August he received from the latter an intimation that a pension of 3001. per annum had been granted him for his life. For Lord John's share in this creditable transaction, if for no other reason, we should desire, therefore, to part pleasantly from Moore's noble editor. When we turn to the Memoirs we find that this latter portion of them, independently 'of the editor's postscript and some brief 'connecting statements, comprises extracts from Mffoore's' I)iury from:Novensber, 1833, to October, 1847, with a farI ther selection from a large additional eorreaponddnce. The Diarv records the height of Mom-ra', fslm-.nnA felicity up to the (days when shatteredc health and family afflictions,were bringing home t6 him forcibly the vanity of eartly things. During this later por. tion of. his careerheis windino up his arrangements 'with Power, preparinjg td publish a collected edition of his works, and writing his history for L;ardner's |ydoi)fterm& ya ius the Tyrant," as he pleasantlytermi its editor in consideration of the irksome obligatiois It is evident that he finds his Irish history a, heavy millstone, a "weary work," as he describes it in 1845, when he attempts in vain at its termination to write a sort of preface, and is obliged in despair to leave the latter to his.publishers. He is occupied duringpart of this time with the advancement of i his two sims, one of whom (Russell) reaches India by way of Addiscombe, is taken ill there, and returns home to die at Sloperton, while the other (Thomas), by way of tho Charterhouse and a comnni5sionin the English army, which he foolishly sells, enters the Foreign Legion of the French army, and dies in Algeria. The'death of the latter was a late and serious blowv to MJloore, who enters the account of it in his diary for 14 thus :-"The last of our five children is now gone, and we are left desolate and alone. Not a single ielative have I now left in the world." It may be fairly said that he took great interest in both his sons, though it may be doubted if, with all his efforts and journeyings, he took the wisest 'course for their advancement and good conduct. Up to the date of the death of the last he continued to go much in society, alternating between the great world of London and the select world of Bowood, as universally bestowing himself as he was muiversally sought after. But, says lord John,- "The death of his only remairing child and his last and most beloved sister deeply affected the health, crushed the spirits, and impaired the mind of Mfoore. An illness of an alarming nature shook his frame, and for a long time made him incapable of any exertion. When he recovered he was a different man. His memory was perpetualy at fault, and nothing seemed to rest upon his miiind. He made engagements to dinners and-parties, bht usually forgot half ofthem. When he did appear, his gay low of spirits, happy appication of humorous stories, and constant and congenial ease were all wanting. The brilliant hues of his varied conversation had failed and the strong powers of his intellect had manifestly sunk. There was something peculiarly sad in the change. It is not unusual to observe the faculties growv weaker with age; and in the retirement of a man's own home there may be 'no napleasing melancholy' iu the task of watchingansch a decline. But when iu the midst of the gay and the convivial the wit appeared without hiS gaiety and the guest without his conviviality-when the fine fancy appeared not so much sobered as saddened, it was a cheerless s.ght." :Before, however, we come to this last phase of the poct's existence we must notice some of his memoranda in the years which preceded it; and here we observe again how infinitely superior are the traditions of Sydney Smyth to those of all hirs contemporary friends. +'hen Sydneyis asked to meet Kirby and Spence at dinner at the Longmans, he suggests to M.rs. Longman as e2etrdes for her entonological gnests, " flea phtes, earthworms on toast, caterstslars crawling in cream and removing themselves, &c." Intailking of thle fun he had had in the early times of the Edinburg7t Revi:ew, he mentioned an article on Ritson which he and lBrougham had written together; and one instance of their joint contribution which he gave was as follows:-" We tako for granted (wrote B3rougham) that Mfr. Ritson supposes Providence to have had some share in producing him-though for what inscrutable purposes (added Sydney) we profess ourselves unable to conjecture." Dlescribing' a- similar dinner where Rlees had the principal labo"u of carving, r u'rngute seCQd ?eS iS the phrase applied to his assiduity. Talking of the intelLigence and concert *which birds have among each other, cranes and crows, &c., showing that they must have some means of communicating their thoughts, he said,. "hI dare say they make the same remark of us. That fat old crow there (meaning himself), what a prodigious noise he is making! I have no doubt he has some power of communicating," &c. After purSUing this idea for some time he added, "cBut (we have the advantage of them; they can't put us into pies; legs stickiog up out of the crust, &c." Moore remarks that the quickness, the buoyancy, the selfenjoying laugh, combined with his acting of all this, made tw o-thirds of the amusement. Two or three pages in succession are thus brightened by the sparkle of Sydney's 'wit. 'When Lord Lansdowvne is going with Moore to see Prior-park, he charges the latter with a design upon his Lordship's orthodoxy, and recommends that sohe sound Protestant tracts should be put up wvith the sandwiches. Eiumerating and acting the different sorts of hand-shaking, he says, "there is the dini-y, or one finoer, exemplified in Brougham, who puts forth his forefinger and says, with his strong Northern accent, ' Bow arrve you?' the sepadatrag, or ho;themain', which was Mackintosh's mtanner, laying his open hand flat and coldly against yours; the hih oaincy, the Archbishop of York's, wvho carries your hand aloft on a level with his forehead; the allal, or Vigoruts, shake," &c. He spoke of women bearing pain with greater ease than men, which Moore explained by asserting that they had less physical sensibility, and that they could hold, for example, a hot teapotmuch longer than men could. WVhen he offcered to put it to the test, Sydney began to dilate on his cruelty to the female part of the creation, and the practice he had had in such experiments. " He has all his life," he said, been trying the sex with hot teapots; the burning ploughshare was nothing to it. I think I hear his terrific tone in a more-a-tde, 'mBring a teapot.'a" ow irresistibly we fasten on such relics of this genial banter, and prize these traditions of the king of wilts and jesters i y h Other jokers follow, but urgo intervallo, and very seldom such amiable fellows as Sydney. This is fine of Woolcott's, thongh it is not the first time le have heard it:-"Peter Pindar said, one of the few times I ever met him, that the booksellers drank their wine in the manner of the heroes in the Ball of Odin, 'out of authors' smulls.' 'The following is laconic: -A lady wtrote to Talleyrand, informien him in hightlown termns of grief, of the death of 'her husband, and expecting an eloquent letter of condolence in return; his answer was only "Helas, Madame. Votre afiectione, &c., Talleyrand." In less than a year another letter reached him from the same lady, informing him of her having married again, when his answer was simply, "Oh, oh, Moadame i Votre affiectione, &c., Talleyrand." WilliamSpenceritold Moore the following :-Gibbon and an eminent French physician were rival candidates for a certain lady's good graces. Imnpatient of Gibbon's occupying so muich of her attention by his conversation, the doctor said crossly to him, " Qu and mi Lady ElizabethFBoster sera malade de ros fadaises je la goerhrai." On which Gibbon, drawing himself up grandly, and looking disdainfully at the physician, replied, " Quand mi Lady Elizabethi iFoster sera. morte dec yes recettes je l'im-mortaliserai.' The pompons leng thening ofhe last Msord, says Moore, while at the same time a long sustained pinch of snusf was taken by the historian, brought, as mimicked by Spencer, the whole scene mnost livelily before one's eyes. Moore liniself was the subject of a morev practical joke. An entire stranger wrote to ask him for the loan of 101., at the same timelaunching outeinto praise of his "Anacreon," or rather of bAnacreon himself personally, saying what an excellent person he was, and concluding his panegyric by saying, "nPoor Anacreon ! if he was a2ive he woud lend me 101." But in this instance the joke was not found to be verg effective. - I We next come to Moore's criticisms onhis literary contemporaries, many of which are true, though few of them are dictated by a goodnatiured- appre-, ciation of merits in preference to defects. Among. these is his remark on Coleridge:-"With my singing he (Coleridge) appeared really much pleased, and spoke eloquently of the perfect, union (as ie; pleased to say) of poetry and music which it exbibited; the music, like honeysuckle round .the intern. twining round the meaning and at last-over-' 1 0ppingit.',' Tis " overtopping the nmeaning" is noit a 'little a~pplicable to his own style of, eloquence, ,adds the . . touchy: little maestr-o. .As a~ con1rast . to ,this . we have Moore's answse.r to hi; friend C'anon Bovler,. who feared that he mighfi have spoken too,freely of St. Peter in his sermioni'Mhydz,er Bowles,-1 aml. by nto means so touhi about St. Peter as you seem to suppose," Of Wods'worth he.says, ,though in thus respect he was under a, meistake *.-" I-think I.liad never seen him but once, - and that wasat Rogers's, many yearsbefore; nor had I forgotten that on that occasion he took; great -pains to imp,ress upo,n us how mistaken were those who. 'set much, value upon 'continental fame;. the fact being, I believe, that of all us poets of the day, ,Word.s,worth is the one least. known to foreig-nations."' To theo societyF of Rogers he finds tha fol-lo,wing draw,backs, as he remarks in a letter to L ady ~Donegral *.-a y "gers andIhad averyapleasant tourrof it, though Ihet throughout it all, as I always feel with him, that the fear ofa 'losing his good opinion almost embitters the possession of it, and that, though in his society one walks pon roses, it is paith constant apprehension of the thorns tbat arl e taong them. . . . . He left me rather out of conoeit with my poem Lala Roa* (was his fastidious criticism generally doesi, and I have returned to it with rather an hubUled spirit ; 'but I have already once altered my whole plan to please him, and I wrill do so no mnore, for I should mrLkeas longavoyage cfitashisown 'Columbus'if I attended to all his objections. His genleral opinion, howeover, of wrhat Ihbave done is veryilattenmg; he only finds fault with every part of it inl deht;and this you know is the style of his critcismn of'charnctexr'an excellent person, bhut-.--.l To these instances-of critical disparagement is] OWn1 case is an agreeable exaception. These voltumes abound w-ith delightful tributes to his genius, of all descriptions, acknowledg,ed or anonymous. MIoore loved pleasure, and flattery as a source of pleasure, with all the ardour of his sprightly nature, and during the heyday of his powrers he was breathing such incense incessantly. His materialmight almost vie with his poetical existence for - its flowery triumphs, its'blushes, and its kisses. W hen he got on ~board the Dublin packet in 1838 he had to kiss all the ladies at their imited reqNuest, and the radiant little hero, even in the rudiments or sea-sickness, magnaninioulsly conferred this favour on an elderly lady who had been left out of the osculatory distribution, and g,allantly came to his cabin to repair the omnission. As mi,ght naturally be exected, .ce wvas most favoured wfith such demnonstrations upon Irish soil. His tours there wvere likre Royal progresses. His countmen, "gaa,y c to i themjabtie, counerywomen also," made quite a show of him at the Rotunda meeting of the British Association. He would have been "w.orse than stock or stone if he were not sensibly alive to it." How he was welcomed to hisold house by its subsequent tenants.-"Here's Sir Thomas Moore, who was born in this house, come to ask us to lef nim see therooms; amd itsproud I am to have him under the old roof." He is frequentlyasked for autographs, orto plant myrtles, or touch pianos, and he goes through such performances with a jubilant air which seems to show that they cost him no very severe exertion. At the theatre they hale himn out with the unnecessary encouragemient of ." Tom, doni't be shy ! Come show your lrih face, Tom ;" and he is only discomforted when they expect him to make, a speech to them. But he reinombers this hitch, and when he next visits the theatre there is the speech ready enough, and by no means self-disparaging. The announcement of his pension comes in the very crisis of his -great ovation. Thus gold is gilded, and "morn is risen " on midnoon." At the vale of Avocai he cannot help looking at the scene, as he was fairly entitled, "with adegree of pride, almost'of owiiei7shiy, feeling -that his property in it niight be perhaps as durable as its wvaters. What would the squires have said if I had thus compared properties with them." At Bannow he is receivedbyhorsemen with banners; hepassesthroughtriumphalarchesand is welcomed bythe ninemuses, "some of them remarkablypretty girls, palticularly the one who who placed the crown on my head." Tom dances with her in the evening, surrenders her "very unwillingly" to her former partner, thereupon accommodates "two verynice Quaker young women," who- "should lik-e to have two lines of thine with thy name to themn," and, finally, sees a green balloon, with " Welcome Tom A,oore" upon it, floating off into the empyrean to report his glorification to the sylphs and the Peris. 'lere is poety in its zenith, the champagne of life intoxicating him with its overflow. lNor is existence less afete besides the soup tureens of statesmen or the pianos of appreciative dowagers. Occasionallv the emotion is. too strong for the sensitive little organization, and Tom in a gush of teals retires to refresh himself. When he has shaken hands with his noble hosts it is not quite all over. The verylink boys are proud to run for his cab. Then recollecting how the women in the street used to point at Dante, and rejoicing even in that comparison, he says,-".Now, this I callfauwie." Sydney Smith has referred much of this sort of fame to society's need of a passing distraction. Mloore himself, without misgiving, records Sydney's theory dinner invitations as follows:-" Here's a new man of genius arrived; put on the stewpan; fry away; we'll soon get it all out of him." Alnd society at this pace does get it out of a man soon enough, and too soon. Then, as Moore himself felt, probably before his time, there supervenes disgust beneath the gilded dome, and the weary reveller is saddened, it not sobered. The butterfly wing is faded before the summer is over, and the huiTnilg bee droops in the hearts of the roses. What niight not a Rosicrucian even in such a predicanment say of his idols ° We dreao' to think it possible that he might utter blasphemnies against the sacred fane of Holland-house; but so it was. Mloore, when within the veil itself, had " some talk rith Allen, during which I asked him whether he did not sometimes feel weariedbythe sort of effort it mustbetokeep up conversationdluing these evenings, and he owned that it -was frequently a most heavy task, and that if he had followed his own taste and wishes (oh, depraved Allen !) he would long since have given up that mode of life. For myself, as I believe, I told him (oh, ungrateful Mloore!) that Holland-house sort of existence, though by far the best specimen of its kind going, -would appear to me, for any continuance, the most wearisome of all forms of slavery; and the best result I find of my occasional visits to townis the real relish with which I return to my quiet garden and study, -where, in the mate society of my own thoughts and books, I am never either offended or wearied." UInfortunately forMoore, the attractiveness ef the garden and studyis not recorded until 1842. HoUand-house had tended to spoil him, as no doubt it spoilt many. Butc he would not have been the victimn of its appropriative instincts if he had not beenthe willing accomplice of its elegant dissipations. He had sought to keep life intellectually, morally, and sensually at a fever heat. He had looked to it for a continual flavour of savce pqiutauite or a permanent essence of perpetual sunflowers, and, naturally, his palate was dulled and his nose had lost its cunning. It was in this, and by no means the healthiest sense, that he took kindly to his garden and promenaded among his cabbages. When the Diocletian of social life abdicates the dinner table or resigns his seat on the music stool, it is fair for the bystandersto whisper "it was time." Happily, MIoore, with all his venial failings and inconsiderate love of pleasure, had a home the attractions of which grew upon hiim in his latter days. It is not for us to seek to penetrate the mystery of the affection which surrounded him. But an image will be'ever present to the reader of his memoirs Which leaves a trail of tender light over its checkered pages. The " Dear Bessy," the "M adonna della Sedia" of Rogers, was the star of Moore's domestic haven, and, if we may judge from the love and admiration accorded to her on all sides, Moore was a lucky fellow. We have read before of the senstion she created at the Ashbourne ball, of her resernblance to Catalani, of her beauty and goodness; andn6w wefindRogers invitinghimto bring "Psyche -and her babies," we hear of Lady lfausdownd's kissing her,and, above all, of herbeneficent goodness to all who came in her way.. One of the best taits of Moore in these latter volumes is his presentingher anonymously with a 51.-note to help her to clothe her poor old pensioners. And if we wanted any further illustration of her excellence, we shall find it in this hearty and beautiful letter in which the affectionate wife rejoices over his pensioni " Sloperton, Tuesday Night. "My dearest Tom,-Can it really be trae that you have a, pension of M001. a-yearl? Ms., Mr., two Elisses, and young Longman were here to-day, and tell me it is really the case and that they have seen it in two papers. Should it t'rn out true I know not how we can be thankful enongh to those who gave it, or to a higher power. The Longmans. were very kind and nice, and so was I, and I invited them all five to come at some future time. At present, I can think of nothing but 3001. a-year, and dear RusseU jumps and claps his hands with ioy. Tom is at Devises. . . . 'The Pugets did not come to tea yesterday, Iouisa being ilL To-ay they sent me some beautiful flowers. Ifthe story is true of the 3001., pray give dear Ellen 201., and insist on her drinking 5U. worth of wine yearly, to be paid out of 'the 3001. a-year. I have been obliged, by the by, to get 5l. to send to - . -. ; Three hundred a-year, howu delightful ! Bat I have my fears that it is only a castle in the air. I am surea shall dream of it ; ana so I sill get to bed, that I may have this pleasure at least ; for I expect the morning will throw down my castle." "Wednesday Morning. i"Is it true? I am in a fever of hope and anxiety, and feel very oddly. No one to talk to but sweet Buss, who - says, 'Now, papa will not have to work so hard, and w;ll be able to go out a little.' . . . . Yon say I am so 'nice and comical ' about the money. Now you are much more so (leaving out the ' nice '), for you have forgotten to send the check yoe promised. But I can wait 'With patience, for no one teases me. Ondy I want to have a few little things ready to welcome you home, which I like to pay for. How you will ever enjoy this quiet every-day sort of stillness after your late reception I hardy know. I begin to want you- very much, for though the boys are darlings, there is still . . . How I w ish I had wings, for then I would be at Wexford as soon as you, and surprise Tour 'ne friends.- I am so glad you have seen the Gonnes - I knowt they are quite delighted at your attention. Mrr. Benett called the other day on my sons. N.B. If this good news be truc, it will make a great difference in my eating. I shall then indulge in butter to potatoes. Mind vou'do not tell this piiece of "luttony to any oned' tord John Russell neAEed nio excuse for avail- I * Mlentoirs, Journal. and Correnvondence of Tltorinas MIoore. Edited by the Eight Hoii. Lord John Russell ALP. Vols. VIL and VYIE, London, Longmans, 1C850. ing himself of M0oore's popularity mpresve-th3 I butter for the bravel httle- 'itomsn's potatoeas,-- and. in his zeal for such an object .evei 1-critiv - t wiot b fitt to close -the nsmeinmiri vithout a word on his- serious 'eiewis and oliad pre tendons. It is remarkable that Mbore, with exclii..I sive predilections for one of the two great parties3o$ the State, should nevertheless have-entertained the;,: most anxious misgivings as to the -effects of theif political conduct in connexion with the Reformi.. 1ill. It is singular to find him as complete aUalarmist as any of the old Toriesof the sehobtla of Thomas Raikes. We might pick ous. " pentv of passages illustrative of this, of whichi3, however, Lord John himself takes cognizane -n' the foUowing passage <'There is, perhaps, in men of letters, a tendencyto be-a dissatisfied with the political system under which they live.,< Sir James Mackintosh used to observe that the greatest', authors of Athens were evidently averse tothe rule of the democracy. In France, before the Revolution, the most brilliant writers were as evidentlv hostile to the absolute monarchy under which they lived. In our own time,; Southey andColeridge began with democracy, Scott as a Jacobite. Moore as a disaffected Irish Catholic. The free dom of literar pursuits leads men to questionthe excellencb of the ruling nower; and thus despotism and democracyg-- alike find enemies among the most highly gifted of thosei' who live under their sway. Had Reform never been trimn- - phant, Moore would, in all probability, have remained a- warm Reformer." It is not necessary to discuss this difference between-' the poet and his editor, and it in only cited here as' a pendant to another exceptional phase of Mloore s sanguine temperament. It is remarkable that he was also possessed with an impression of the immminent decline of letters. The diffusion of education, said, in effect, the literary exclusive, is likely to lead to the ruin of literature. "Sat next to Fonblanque, and was glad of the opporiniity of knowing him. A clever fellow certainly, and with grent powers occasonally as a writer. Got on ve-y well together. Broached to him my notions (long entertained-7' by mse) respecting the ruinous effects to literature likely to, arise from the boasted diffusion of education; the lowerii; of the standard that must necessarily arise from the extending of the circle of judges; from letting the mobin to vote, particularly at a period when the aasa Is such object to authors. Those 'who live to lcase must please to live,' and most will write down to thelowered standard. All the great things in literature have been achieved when the readers were few; 'fit audience find and few.' In the best days of English genius what a comparativelysmall - circle sat in judgment! In the Italian Republics, in old Greece, the dispensers of fame were a select body, and the consequence was a high standard of taste. Touched - upon some of these points to Fonblanque, and he seemed not indisposed to agree with me ; observing that certainly the present appearances in the world of literature lookled very like a confimation of my views." A few days later he expressed the same sentiments at: LordLansdowne's, and, strangely enough, eventhere, to an apparently assenting audience. ('VoL 7, page 49.) WFe pass over these opinions without canvassing them, for the grounds on wthich they are stated are sEight, but we note the incongruity of their prevalence in such circles. For the fame of Moore himself there is little cause for apprehension, for it has passed from the critics into the custody of the public, whose educa-. tion he mistrusted. If we hail ourselves had to reviewhis works, insteadof hismemoirs, itwould hava been our pleasure to have pronounced a much more favourable verdict. MIuch has been written upon. his genius as a poet, but, as we incline to think,- too coldly and grudgingly. He was not capable of - strenuous passion or severe reflection, as we may. judge from his memoirs, and accordingly in his poems he was neither a Byron nor a Wordsworth. His song was most conmnonly of outward objects, embellished by his fancy and rarefied by his taste. It was not so much sensual, even in dealing 'with the objects of sensation, as it has been sometimes regarded. From the ethereal and vanishing essenca of outward things it distilled an exquisite aroma-a fine spiritual ichor. It ranged in a region of rain- bows, of wings, and scented breezes, or it revelled: over the sparkling surface of nature, light as a gos- -. samer and clear as a dewdrop. The spirit of music was his in its brightest effervescence, neither heated nor iced,' but delicately frappe in his own fountain; of Chindara.- " For his was the lay that lightly floats," And his were the murmuring dying notes "That fall as soft as snow on the sea, " And melt in the heart as instantly." His song was at other times that of a bird, and "inuthe days of our childhood 'twas like a sweet dream to sit in his bower and hear the bird's song." There were moments even when his lyrical fervour supplied the absence of imagination, and the di-vinus a.filits inspiring his slight nature produced effectswhich have rarely been paralleled. His "melodies" were his greatest achievement, nor is it a mean. tribute to his genius to assert that it has left us a - greater number of good songs than any other indi-, vidual writer in our language.
UNIVE)?SITY INTELLIGENCE. 0xi;FO*R.Tn) MAV 1n In a Congregation held this day at 10 o'clock, the follow. ing degrees were conferred :- Rev. W. Thomson, Pxovost of Queen's. lf A - Leighton G. Hayne, Qneen's. In a Convocation held at 2 o'clock, the University Seal wms affixed to the address of congratulation to Bier M1ajesty on the conclusion of peace. The MVce-Chancellor has given notice that Congregations vill be holden for the purpoe of granting graces and conferring degrees, on the following days in the ersuing termviz., W9cdnesday, the 14th, Thursday, the 22d, and WVednesday, the 2Sth of Iay; Thursday, the 6th, Thursday, the 12th, and Thursday, the 19th of Jane; and Saturday, th¢ 5th of July; and that no person 'wil on any account, be admitted as a candidate for any degree whose name is not entered in the book kept for that purpose at the ViceChancellor's house, on orbfore the day preceding the day of Congregation.
"MUEDru w1L OuT."-The following singular statement in reference to the discovery of a skeleton, supposed to be that of an Excise officer who was murdered nearlv a quarter of a century back, a ppears in the Berry Sentinc of yesterday:-" On Thurscay vweek a hmuman skeleton was found in a bog, the property of Mr. Williamn litchell, of Upper Alla, near Claudy. It was wrapped in a patchwork of strong woollen cloth, resembling a coarse blanket or horse-rug, fastened round the skeleton by several small wooden skewers. The skeleton was that of a fullzrown man. The hair of tho head was found quite fresh, but the bones were black and considerably decayed. The skeleton was discovered, by a servant boy of Mr. Mitchell's while cutting turf in the bog, and was only about two feet below the surface. The people of the district unanimously pronounce it to be the skeleton of Mr. Lamblin, an officer of inlandrevenue, who was supposed to have been murdered about 24 years ago, at Lettermuck, by threo brothers named Mathews, wvho kept a paper-mill in the locality. Bills were sent up to the grand jury against the Mathews for the supposed murder, but were ignored in consequence of the body never having been found. The greatest exertions were used at the time to trace the body, three parties of revenue police, as wel as the constabulary of the district, having been engaged for several months in the search. Bloodhoundswere also brought froma England for the purpose but all proved unavailing. Shortly after the occurrence the Mathews emigrated to America. Where the slkeleton was found is about three-fourths of a mile from where the Mathews lived, and in a directline from the rear of their formner residence. The occurrenoe caused considerable excitement at the time, it being still, no doubt, in the recollection of many of our readers. The Mathews had, a short time previous to the supposed murder, been fined in a sum of 800, for a breach of the Excise laws. M1r. Lambkin had been seen by a woman entering the mill, shortly after which she heard a shot; but Mr. Lambkin was never afterwards seen or heard of. His usual entry in the mill book was also found in an unfinished state. The substance in which the body was wrapped has since been ascertained to be a coarse material used in manufacturing paper, from which it may naturally be inferred that ite skeleton is that of the unfortunate 3fr. Lambkin; and that the general impression entertained by the inhabitants of the locality is correct." ExaEsnsvE YsE.-Yesterday (Sunday) morning, about 2 o'clock, a fire of a rapidly destructive character brokeoutinthe premises belongingto lr.William Witney, chairmarker, &c., carrying on an extensive business at, No. 4, Bryan-mews, Caledonian-road, Islington, weich at one period threatened the most disastrous consequences to life and property. The fire vas not entirely extinguished until a serious amount of property had been destroyed, which is thus officially reported by M-. Braidwood, the superintendent of the London Brigade:-" No. 4, Bryan-mews, Bryan. street, Caledonian-road,Mr. W. Witney, chairmanufacturer, workshop burned out and roof off-contents insured in the London and County Fire-office; cause of fire unkown; No. 5, ditto, Mr. J. Orange, cabinet malker, worlkshops and contents consumned-not insured; No. 6, ditto, Mlr. J. Marks, stable destroyed-uninsured; No. 22, Bryan-strect, Mr. W. Windsor, schoolmaster, two wvindows in schoolhouse burnt out, 4nd building daunated by wsaUr-uot in5ured`.:
LAW REPORT. COURT OF QU1EEVS NENerw rAVIOn SIMTT V_ enwVT. VUAIn7gs a; 141. 'rlau, before Lord C P:BL and Common Jur2'i't' - - Ifr. uddleston appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Haw'ins for the defendant.. The plaintiff, George Hill, was a person who; 10 years ago, kept an hotel, but since that time he had been on the *trf, and, having a small income, was in-the habit of betting both for pleasure and business He now lived in Manchester-street, Manchester-square. The defendant was a taper manufacturer at the Quennington-mills, near Fair- ield, in Glocestershire. The action was brought to recover the sum of 301. under the counts fer money lent, money paid, and on accounts stated. The defendant pleaded the general issue, payment, that the money was due on a * ering contract, which was void by the statute, &c. The plaintiff now assigned, and the defendant rejoined to the new assignment. Lord CAmrBELL said he hoped that, in spite of the pleadings, the Court and jury would arrive at the question to be tned. Mr. HAK-Ns then stated that the questions would be whether the contract was void and whether the defendant had not paid the money. The plaintiff stated that on several occasions he had made bets in his own name on account of the defendant, and those bets had been settled. In the month of June, 1854, a horse named the Lady Constance was about to run at Epsom races for the Oaks; and, according to the plaintifi's statement, he was requested by the defendant to back that horse, and to miake a bet in his own name for the defendant, as the latter did not wish his name to appear. This the plaintiff did, and made a bet of 25?. against 5001. on Lady Constance with a person named Blos, and also, at the defendant's re-. quest, another bet of 5?. on another horse with a person mamedVincent. Bothbetsvwerelost, and theplaintiffpaid the parties the money, amounting to 301. In corroboration of his statement the plaintiff produced his betting-book, in which the bets were entered as made for the defendant,. and it was proved, not only by the plaintiff, but by other testimony, that he had made the bets with the parties in his own name. A day or two after the races the defendant left town for Fairfield, and a day or two after the settling day at Tattersall's the plaintiff received from him a letter, in which he stated that he had forgotten the plaintiff's address, but wished the plaintiff to vwrite and let him know wlhat it was, and he would send him a check for 301., the amount which he believed he owed him, but saying he did not like to send the check "on spec," as he had forgotten the plaintiff's number. The defendant, howvever, correctly addressed his letter to No. 3, Vigo-street, where the plaintiff was then living. The plaintiff wrote to the defendant once or twice afterw-ards, but he never got any answer. He distinctly swore that he had made no bets with the defendant, but that he had made them for the defendant, and paid the money on his account; and he swore positively that he had never seen the defendant since till yesterday, and that the latter had never paid the money. The defence was twofold-first, that the money was lost on bets made by the plaintiff with the defendant, and, consequently, the contract was void by the 15th section of the 5th and 9th of Victoria, c. 109. and could not be enforced. That section enacted "that all contracts or agreements, whether by parole orin writing, by wvay of gaming orwagering, shall be null and void; and that no suit shall be brought or maintained in any court of law or equity for recovering any sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager, or wvhich sha!l have been deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any wamer shall have been made." The defendant was called, ana pledged his oath in support of this defence. He also stated, as a second answer to the action, that he came up to London on businessa few days after he wrote to the plaintiff, and took up his abode at the Golden Cross Hotel, Charing-cross. A day or two aftervards he was going into the city on business, and with the intention of calling at " Beaten's," the city TattersaUl's, in order that he might see the plaintiff there. Onhis roadhe met the plaintiff in Holywell-street, Strand, and theretook 3Ol.'s w orth of notes out of his pocket, and gave them to the plaintiff in payment of the debt, which he positively declared he had so discharged. On cross-examination he said he did not know the numbers of the notes, nor had he made any entry of the payment in any of his books, giving as a reason that it was not usual to enter such transactions. Lord CAMPBELL, in summing up the evidence, said the question was entirely for the jury, who must say to which side they gave credit. The jury almost immediately found for the plaintiff for the amount claiimed-30W. CLARKE V. BEISBY AND ASNOTH5ER. Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. T. Jones appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. O'Malley, Q.C., and Mr. Hawkins for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, James Clarke, was a surgeon, and he sued the defendants, Alessrs. Beisby and Pattison, his former solicitors, to recover damages for negligence as attorneys, or misrepresentation. It appeared the plaintiff had entered into an agreement with a Nlr. Gill for the purchase of a share in that gentleman's business as a surgeon, bat differences having arisen he instituted proceedings in Chancery against his partner. Litigation went on for some iuc, bcut at lengt.h negotiations were entered on for a compromise. The plaintiff told his attorney, the defendant Eeisby, that he should want his costs paid and 1501. The defendant said that he would ask for 2001., for otherwise he should have a dispute about costs, The plaintiff replied, "Very well, 3r. Beisby - if you think proper." A letter was then written by the defendant, with the plaintiff'slknowledge, demanding, among other terms, that the plaintiff should have 2001., and proposing that each pary should pay his own costs. These terms were accepted, and the dispute was so arranged. Afterwards the defendant sent in to the plaintiff a bill of costs, smounting to 2651. 17s. ld. The plaintiff did not pay the bill, but, instead, he brought the present action, and sought to make the defendants liable for negligence, or misrepresentation, contending that the conduct of Beisby in sajing he should ask for 200?. wlhen the plaintiff said he shoud want 150?. and his Iosts, amounted to a representation that the costs would be only 50?. At the close of the plaintiff's case, Mr. O'M&LLEY said there was no case against the defendants. Mr. Jo.NEs contended that the declaration was for afa'se xepresentation. Lord CAri,PBELL, after hearing both sides, said he thought the plaintiff must be nonsuited. The plaintiff was nonsoited accordingly.
COURT OF COMTMON PT.rEAq MA- Ilf BETTYS V. SD-CL.R AND OTHERS. (Silli2gs at Nisi PriuT, at TVestminster, before Mr. Jwtke WITESa.1 This was an action by the plaintiff, who is a coachmiaker in Upper Glocester-street, Portman-square, against Archdeacon Sinclair, Mir. W. E. Bulwer, and the Hon. G. F. Boyle, the executors of a lady of fortune named HoIward, who died in November, 1854, to recover 201. 9s. 6d. for the hire of a britska. It appeared that Miss Howard's carriage, having been injured by collision with an omnibus, was sent to theplaintiff to be repaired, and that in the meantime the plaintiff supplied Miss Howard with a second-hand carriage of his own, at the rate of a guinea and a-half a- wreek. MlisslIoward died before the repairs of her own carriage were completed, and upon her death notice was given to the plaintiff not to proceed with the repairs. The plaintiff did not send for his owr. carriage umtil several weeks afterwards, and now claimed for the whole period the carriage remained at Miss Howard's. A suit was insttuted m Chancery for the administration of Aiss Howard's estate, and the plaintiff sent in his claim against it, which was a very heavy one, but did not include the p resent claim, and upon his subsequentlypreferring it to thesolicitors of the executors they refused to pay any more than they had already done, alleging that the carriage had remained on bliss loward's premises after her death solely for the plaintiff's convenience. The plaintiff and Miss Howard's coachmangave directly contradictory testimony on this subject, and ultimately, on the suggestion of the learned Judge, the case was settled by the withdrawal of a juror. Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Powell wvere counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Hoggins, Q.C., and Mr. J. H. Hodgson for the defendants. EASTIENIR V. '"ITT. This was an action for slander, brought by the plaintiff, who had been cook to the defendant, a gentleman of pro. perty, residing in Prince's-terrace, Hyde-park. The defendant pleaded the general issue. Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Pearce were counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Overend, Q.C., and hrr. Tindal Atkinson for the defendant. The plaintiff's case was that she bad been in the defendant's service for some time, and had been treated as a confidential servant until, as she alleged, she and a manservant named Manby discovered undue familiarities between the defendant and the housemaid, upon which the defendant's manner towards her suddenly changed, and they both received a month's notice to quit defendant's service. Manby subsequently inquired the cause of their dismissal, towhich the defendant replied, "You have been robbing me to a great extent, and so has Eastmead." Subsequently the defendant said to the plaintiff herself, "Oh, Eastmead, Eanby says you wish toknow the p roof of what I accused you of. You have both taken food out of the house, and ne, and potatoes, and I have proof of it." These were the slandersfor which comensation was demandedin the present action. The plaintiffand Manby having giventhieir evidence, Lfr. ONERESD submitted that there was no evidence of malice, and that the words spoken were consequently pnvileged. Mr. Justice WESuL said he thought there was no evidence of malice, but, as one of the communications made respecting the plaintiff had been made in her absence to her fellow-servant, he should rule that such a statement was not privileged, and give the defendant the opportunity of taking the opinion of the Court upon that subject. M. OvFRsN-D then addressed the jury for the defendant, contending that the plaintiff's and Manby's statements respectg the defendant were trumped up since their dismisal for the rposes of the action. AL-. Justice 1I=Es having left it to the jury to say what damages the plaintiff was entitled to for the slanderous words spoken of her to Manbv, The jury returned a verdict for the plainxtiff-Damages, 25!. BIANBY V. WM. This was an action of slander by the fellow-servant of the laintiff in the last case against the same defendant. hr. Serjeant BxLEs, in stating the case, said that he had beentaken by surprise by the defence set up in the last case that the communication was privileged, and he should now disprove any such suggestior. by charging direct malice to thedefendant, andprovmgtothe jurythatthe plaintiffhad been dismissed by the defendant, not because the defendant eved the plaintiff had been guilty of theft, but in order that the plaintiff moight not remain in his house to bear testimony tothe defendant's misconduct towards one of his female servants. The learned serjeant then called the plain. tiff, ho, in addition to proof of the slanderous words al, leged in the declaration, deposed that in October last his zmstress Was at Malvern and that during her absence one rnormng, after he had tasen breakfast into his master's bed. room, he went up again with the newspaper. He knocked twice and then went in, and saw the housemaid, Tout, leav. ingthe bedroom and going into the dressingroom. Hismaster was in bed, an January ast he once went into the dra'iwg- ncom for a lamp, and saw Tout coming -out of the room, and the defendant leaving-it by another door. Defendant had nothing on but his shirt, dressinagown,- and lippers. These matters were spoken of rinlte ktchen. Tout at first denied it; but afterwards -adrittedthat her master took hold of her haid. -The plaintiff inthe last case I -was also called, and deposed to avconversation, which she had not mentioned on thefosmer trial, inawhich her.master had accused Manby and herself of robbing him. She also confirmed Manby's statement as to the conversations ivith Tout in the kitchen, and said she had not before given evidence of the conversation -of her master with herself about Manby, which was the foundation of the piesent acticdn, because she had not been questioned about it, Mr. OVTEREND, forthe defence, again contended that the imps ttions against his client were trumped up by his discaredsrvatSsforhepurposes of the actions, and said Ithat his client, hfr. Witt, who was a highly respectable genttleman, 'would not rely upon the opinion of the Court hereafter that these communications wrere privileged, but insisted upon being caled to refute the evidence of the plaintiffandhis accomplice, Eastmead. The learned gentleman then called Sarah Tout, the housemaid, who deposed that at the time spoken of her master was ill with the gout, and that she went every morning into his bedroom to discharge her duties and prepare the room for the doctor and any other visitor. Nothing improper ever took place between the defendant and herself and it was a slander to say so. Bastmead had once joked her about hermaster, and said that he had asked her if she was going to be rnarried, but she had never told Eastmead that he had taken hold-of her hand. He had never done so. She remembered one day when she was going up to her mistress with some hot water her master calling her into the drawing-room. 'He was in his dressing-gown and slippers; but there was nothing unusual in that, for he used frequently to go fromn his bedroom to a roomn down stairs in that dress, and fetch 1 books and papers. On that occasion her master asked her if therew erenot a great many visitorsin the habit ofcoming to the kitchen, and she told him "Yes;" and in answer to other inquiries she told him that Bastmead and Manby gave them many things, among w;hich she mentioned meat, bread, potatoes, and oilcloth. On Christmas-day Manby brouaght two bottles of wine into the kitchen, and said-he had taken them behind the back of his mistress while she was in the celar. She bad told her mistress of these things before the plaintiff and Eastmead left the defendant's service. On cross-examination she said Eastmead's brother had taken away the oilcloth. She did not see who gave it to him. She had seen Eastmead give him meat and bread. She did not know what meat. It was wrapped up in a newspaper. She did not tell Manby she thought it was very wrong in himto take the wine. She drank some of it. (Laughter.) She had not told her master of these thins because she had told her mistress. Mr. Witt, the defendant, was also called, and swore that the statements of the last witness as to what took place in the bedroom andi drawing-room were correct. He had never had any improper intercourse with Tout, and had never taken hold of her hand. He had once asked Eastmead if she was about to be married, because his wife had asked him to do so, and they feared it might be so, as they had looked upon her as a confidential servant. He had called Tout into the drawingroom to ask her some questions, as he and his wife had reason to suspect wrongdoings in the kitchen. He had great difficulty in getting information from Tout, from the dread which servants always had of informing against each other. The snore dismchnation she evinced, however, the more they were anxious to learn. It was in oonsequence of Tout's revelations that he gave plaintiff and Eastmead notice to leave. The defendant was cross-examined at considerable length, but nothing material was elicited, except that he would not swear that he might not have told Eastmead (as she had sworn) that it w-as a failing of his to talk to the ladies. He swore positively, however, that he had no recollection of it, and "did not beheve that he could have said anything so foolish." Eastmead's aunt and brother were then called for the plaintiff to contradict Tout's statement that they had received meat and oilcloth from Eastmead. Both denied it most positively. After the counsel on both sides had again addressed the jury for their clients, Mr. Justice WILLEs said he thought in this, asin the last case, there was no evidence whatever of malice on the part of the defendant. He might have sent the plaintiffs away without assigoning any reason, and without giving them any character if be had thought proper, and it appeared to himi| that if there were any foundation for the imputations made upon him the defendant would have adopted that course rather than have made irritating chargeg against them when he dismissed them. He thought it was clearly acase in which Mr. Wit had acted bond dfde upon the representations made by Tout, whether those representations were true or not i and, if this were so, and he had confined himself to stating what lie did to them when both together, he thought the defendant would not have been liable; but, as the defendant had not done this, but had spoken of each in their absence to the other, he should rule, subject to the revision of the Court above, that the plaintiff in this, as in the last case, was entitled to such damages as the jury thought they had sustained by the words spoken by the defendant. In adverting to the law respecting privileged communications, his Lordship said he thought it a very wise one, for, if all persons were liable to have their private lives ripped up and their private doings disclosed, probably distorted and exaggerated, upon a quarrel with their servants, as had unfortunately happened to the defendant, the world would be strewed wSith thorns. The jury, after some discussion, returned the same verdict as in the last case-viz., for the plaintiff-Damages, 250.
I COURT OF EXCIEOU.1 SATURDAY. MAY 10. TEBEYE CAUSE. I (SiUings at Ni..i PrIugs, befor-e the CuIEF BAuo?- and a SPecial Juril.1 THE ATTOMNEY-GENERAL V. AXEHURST AND FOUR OTHERS. M1r. Wratson, Mr. Wilde, and Mr. Cleasby appeared for the Crown; Mr. Horn, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Barrow, and Mr. Ribton represented the several defendants. This was an information for various penalties alleged to have been incurred by the defendants in consequence of their all hav-ing been engaged in "running" a large quantity of tobacco, worth upwards of 2,0001., at Beedin , near Shoreham, on t!he 8th of August last. It appeared that on the 6th of August a small vessel called the Excavator entered Shoreham harbour wiith an ostensible cargo of cement stone. From amon- this cargo it was charged thatthe tobacco in question had been unloaded by some of the defendants into a barge, and by that craft punted up the river to Beeding, and thence conveyed in vans to chalk pits by the others, wvhence it was speedily distributed over the conutry. The case occupied the entire day, but its details were of an ordinary character. It may suflice, therefore, to state thlat at a late hour The jury found a verdict for the Crown against all the defendants. SECOND COURT. (SittUzngs at Nisi Priius at Westminster, before JIr. Baron BRAmcWELL and Comzmon Juries) POLLOCK V. DEBACKER. 3r. Price appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Edwin James and Mr. .Metcalf for the defendant. This action arose out of a theatrical speculation in wbich the defendant and three other persons, all Frenchmen, were partners. The plaintiff; who was an attorney, acted as treasurer, and advanced a sum of 1201. before the agreement between the partners was signed, and some other sums subsequently, altogether amounting to 2131., against which there wvas credit for T1. receipts. The speculation, which was a perform an e of Les Cosaques at Drury-lane by a French troupe, fa]ied, and the plaintiff bad brought this action to recover the amounts he had advanced. On the defendant's behalf it was proved that he had stipulated only to advance one fourth of the capital required, aid he, havin- done so, did not consider himself liable for anything further. The amounts claimed by the plaintiff were advanced by him as the share of Dr. Desfils, one of the partners, and the plaintiff's client. Mr. Baron BAucnvELL said it was clear that the money claimed was an advance on Desfils' part, for whichDebacker could not be liable. The counsel for the plaintiff then consented to a nonsuit, which was entered accordingly. Plaintiff nonsuited. BROOKS V. M3OORE. In this action the plaintiff sought to recover a sum of 671., for goods supplied, and upon an account stated. The defendant pleaded, except as to 191. 10s., which he paid into court, never indebted. Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Grey appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. M. Chambers and MIr. Petersdorff for the defendant. It appeared that the plaintiff was a beershop-keeper, at | West Bromwich, in Staffordshire, and, according to- his case, the defendant was what was called a " buttycoDlier"a person who took underleases of mines, and worked them himself, paying over a certain rent; and making what profit he could out of the transaction. The amount claimed was for ale supplied to the defendant, his brothers, and their families, for the whole of which the defendant had agreed to become liable to induce the plaintiff to suply it, saying that he was going to have a sum of 5001. paid to him from a railway company for some land which he had sold them. The quantities supplied varied between 12 and 40 quarts per diem. One of the brothers had been convicted of stealing a pair of trousers, and was now lying in Staffordshire Gaol. The defendant had promised to pay the amount as soon as he was able. The defence was that the defendant, who was only a labourer in a glass manufactory, earning a salary of 4s. per diem, had never said he would pay for the beer supplied to his brothers-he himself had from two to three quarts only per diem, for a large portion of whichhe had paid. Hehad never admitted that he was indebted to the plaintiff in the sum claimed. 3Mr. Baron BR.-nvELL, in swuming up, said the questions for the jury were-first, wasthe amount of beer supplied, as sworn to by the plaintiff, and then, was the beer supplied by the authority ofthe defendant ? The Jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for 351. 10s., besides the 19l. 10s. paid into court.
ADTIRALTY COTRT. SATTTRDAT 'AtY 10 ',ri4E SPR&Y-COIJ.TSTON. (Before Dr. LUS'GTON.) The brig Hannah and Eleanor, of the burden of 169 tons, and the schooner Spray, of the burden of 104 tons, came into collision with each other at 4 a.m. on the 7th of July. last in Galleon's-reach, in the river Thames. The brig -was proceeding from Charente, in France, with a cargo/ of brandy, bound for jLondon ; the schooner from Marstrald, in Swveden, to London, with a cargo of oats. The brig, as she stated, was drifting up with the tide, the weather being very fine, though a little foggy, and the wind very light from the Nf.E., when the schooner, which was also drifting up the river, and had been some time noticed astern of the brig, and gaining upon her; came so close alongsde as almost to touch her. Some person on board the schooner was overheard to order the anchor to be let go, and the pilot on board the brig, fearing that a collision would thereby ensue, gave orders to drop her anchor, which was accordingly done ; but, thie schooner's anchor having been previously dropped, -the schooner brought up suddenly in the brig's hawse, sWUng across her bows, and carried away her bowsprit, &c. The schooner, on the contrary, alleged that the brig first let go lu(r anchor, and that the Accidenit aroseefrem there not being a -sufficient length of chain veered out.-. Cross actions we re Irought by the respective parties. Dr. ADDAMS and Dr. SPr1Ks were beard for, the brig Dr. HAGGARD and Dr; Ro5LNSON for the schooner. The learned JUDGE having called the attention of the Elder Brethren to the statements made by the parties, and conferred -with therm, said they were of opinion that the blame attached solely to the Spray. Decree accordingly. TIE I3PERATPRZ.-COUTJSION. This was a suit promoted by the brig John Beynon, of the burden of 260 tons, against the screw steamship Iniperatriz, of the burden of. 1,737 tons, to recover the loss arising from a collision between them in the Sea of Marmora, at 10 p.m., on the 17th of August last. The brig, in ballast, was bound from Constantinople to Syra; the steamer, -which belonged to the South American and General Steam INavigation Company, was proceeding from Ireland to the Crimea with troops and horses on board. The brig alleged that she was sailing with a moderate breeze from east-north-east; that, while tacing in the topgallantsails, not wishing to reach the Dardanelles until daylight, the steamer was observed distant three miles, right ahead. The brig ported her helm, and the signal lantern was taken from the bowspritend and exhibited over the port 'oowv. When ihe steamer had approached within about a mile, in a direction to pass well clear, had she kept her course, she suddenly starboarded her helm, and, notwithstanding she was repeatedly bailed, ran into the brig, and cut her through to the centre of the deck, in consequence of which she speedily sank, the crew being saved on board the steamer. The steamer, in her defence, averred that on descrying the light of the brig the helm was put hard a-port, the effect of which vas to bring the light a point and a quarter on her port bow. The light suddenly disappeared, but after a lapse of eight or ten minutes became visible on the starboard bow. The engines were immediately stopped, and reversed full speed; and her helm put hard a-starboard to back her out of the way of the brig, but the brig came down and struck the steamer with great violence on the starboard side. Dr. Addams and Dr. Twiss appeared for the brig; Dr. -Robiison and Dr. Bayford for the steamer. The learned JUDGE, without hearing counsel for the brig, said the Elder Brethren were of opinion that the steamer was not justified in starboarding her helm; he m ust therefore pronounce against her.
COURT OF BAA'BUPTCY, BasinglU-itrcd, May 10 LN RSE FREDERICK CHrAFERS. (Before Mr. Commissioncr GonL-URN.) The bankrupt was a Russia and colonial broker, of 42 Old Broad-street. This was the certificatemneeting. Mr. Lawrance appeared for the assignees, Mr. Linklater for the bankrupt, and Mr. Ti.'eard for Messrs. Van Notten and Co. It appeared from documents filed in court that in August, 1853, the bankrupt's father lent him 1,0001., with which he joined H. C. Dale and W. H. Morgan, under the firm of Dale, Morgan, and CLaffers. The partnership continued until August, 1854, when it was dissolved in consequence of some differences arising between the partners, the bankrupt having speculated against time in the purchase of taUow, oil, and saltpetre, for and in the name of George Heath, and which had resulted in a loss of severalthousand pounds. The loss fell upon the firm, the bankrupt repudiating the transactions as an individual. No balance was struck on the dissolution of the partner-hip, andthebankruptcommenced business on his own account, in August, 1854, with a deficiency of 1,1001. His transactions from August, 1854, to July, 1855, bad amounted to 48,0001., upon which there had only been a gross profit of 1361., or about a quarter per cent. The unsecured debts of the bankrupt were now 3,7071.; there were furlher liabilities to the amount of 3,809l., and the assets ware 121!. The liabilities included a loss of 3091., in the name of George Harrison, by speculations on the Stock-Exchange. rx. LI£vwi,t%cE said the bankrupt was now only 24 years of age, and that his father had offered MIessrs. Van Notten and Co. 5s. in the pound out of his own pocket and other prospective benefits. The list of the bankrupt's creditors includes the following:-Mr. W. Chaffers, sen,, Queen-street, Cheapside, 1,6.; Messrs. Van Notten and Co., 6771.; Messrs. Widdowson and Veale, goldsmiths, 461. M 3r. Joseph Angel, Strand, goldsmith, 56!.; Messrs. Colchester and Co., Baltic Coffeehouse, 1261.; Mr. Dodd, jeweller, Cornhill, 15!.; Messrs. Sotheron, Son, and Draper, booksellers, 411.; Mr. Jennings, bookseller, 15!. 16s.;Mr.Beaman, surgeon, King-street, Covent-garden, 151. It appeared froum the examination of tle bankrupt that in a large number of transactions he was his own principal. Messrs. Garford and Co. had threatened proceedings before the Lord Mayor in respect to a transaction with them, and his father had guaranteed their claim. He had purchasedfromMessrs.GarfordandCo. 22casks of oilfor3591., and it appeared by lMessrs. Pinchin and Johnson's account that he had received from them on that day for 22 casks of oil 3531. The purchases in Mr. Heath's nanme were made for Mr. Heath. Mr. Heath adopted the transactions so long as they were profitable, but when the losses caine to a larger amount he repudiated them. He had never applied to Mr. Eleath himself, but his late partners had. He had heard that Mrx. Heath had repudiated the transactions. Mr. Heath only received 501. on account of the profits. Mr. Heath was at St. Petersburg during a portion of the time. At his request he kept possession of the invoices. Did not communicate to Mr. Heaththe particulars of thespecific contracts. Widdowson and Beale's bill for 461. was chiefly for a dressing-case in the hands of his brother-in-law. The engraved teapot was a present to his cousin. His brother-in. law advanced him some money, and he gave him the dress. ing-case with other things as security. He had paid hMr. Angel 611. for goods had in 1854. They were mostly presents. Mrs. Howard probably had some of theni. She lived atChelsea. As late as June, 1855, he had agold fusee box, which cost him 41. s. It was sold. It smght have been ordered two months previously. He had bought of Mr. Dodd a gold bracelet for 151., which was delivered up to the Court. Beleved a lady did not accompany him to make the purchase. It was bought in time year 1855. It was purchased some months before the 29th of May. Had bought some drawings of Mr. Jennings for 156. 16s., which were delivered up, and had realized 51. The Stock-Exchange transactions were in 1852, and were on his own account. He had no principal. Sotheron's had been paid 147!. for books and binding. Mr. Beaman's account was for medical attendance on Mrs. Howard from March, 1854, to March, 1855. By MjEr. LsxmrrArsas.-HXad paid fMessrs. Van Notten and Co, something like 5,000!. or 6,O000!. during the partnersTip His partners had represented to him that the profits in one year had been 6,0001., and a rough account was rendered to that effect. Had had transactions with Mtessrs. Van Notten and Co. since the partrership to the amount of 1,8001. He had been in France some time, and his father was the petitioning creditor. The CoirasssoN-_si.-Mr. Chaffers, sen., has done no more than most of us would-stand by his son and do his best for bins. Mr. TILLEARD submitted that in his position M1r. Chaffers, sen., should have given his son a capital of 10,0001. rather than have lent him 1,000!., charged interest thereupon, and been his banker. He had aZlowed his son to con. tmue business after he was perfectly insolvent, and he now came and proved against the estate for 1,5001. Mr.Chaffers said-he had no intention to receive a dividendL Mr. TiLLArRD said Mr. Chaffers had been a fortunate man in having a son clever enough to get into debt, and in. dulge for years in every luxury and extravagance at the cost of other people. The COEssSSIO.-im.-He wasted his substance in riotous living. (A laugh from the bankrupt.) Notlhing can less become the bankrupt than that smile. I should have expected different conduct after what has occurred during the proceedings. 31r.TsLLEARDsaidthetime-bargainsontheStock-Excliange which had resulted in a loss having taken place more than a year next preceding the bankruptcy, the bankrupt did not come within the s'tatute against gaming; but his reckless trading, the gross profits upon transactions amounting to 48,0001. having been no more than 1361., and general misconduct called for a long suspension of certificate. Mr. LITNJATER submitted that, although it might suit Mfr. Tilleard to give each of his children a capital of 10,0001., rr. Chaffers, sen., had done his duty. The bankrupt had acted thoughtlessly and improvident.ly, He was a very young man, and this was a. degenerate age. There was no fraud, and a short suspension would meet the justice of the case. His HONoUst said this was a very painful case, and he should be sorry to pronounce a judgment that would not admit of the bankrupt again entering into trade and changinghis mode of lie. 'the evil that had led to the bankrupt's conduct wras a habit of grambling in thme bargainis -a mode of gamnblingJthat, like all others, led to every misconduct and loose mode of dealing. It had been thought by some that the Legislature had enacted a harsh law when it directed the total refusal of a trader's certificate in certain cases of gaming, and it had been suggested that so highly penal a clause should be repealed. The Legislature, however, had remained of the same opinion, and this case furnished an illus,tration of its wisdom. Here was a young man with the best prospects, who had iiidulged in gambling and speculations of various kinds, obliged to leave the country to avoid the sight of all who knew him. He was relieved only by means of being brought to this court by the kindness of his parent. The result this case was the same as in that of every young man who became a gambler-the gambling led to extravagance, recklessness, and improvident dealings, and had ended by his coming to this court without a farthing for his creditors. He must, however, say that he did not find in the case any deliberate fraud, as in the case of those designing and deliberate rogues who got credit and obtained goods and- applied them to their own uses without intending to pay for them. The bankrupt's conduct had been reckless and inprovident in the extreme, but it had been nothing more. There was no deliberate intention to defrana or deceive the creditors, and a suspension of certificate (third class) six months from this time, with protec-tion for three months, and to be renewed, unless cause be shown to the contrary, would meet the justice of the case. He hoped that what had occurred would prove a waruing to the bankrupt, and that he would endeavour by futare good conduct to regain his position and act justly towards all. IN- RE THO0eAS HIARVEY. The bankrupt was a builder, of 42, Twyford-street, Islington. M1r. LlxxLArsTn applied on his behalf for a certificate. Hils HoYoriR (referring to the proceedings).-This is the case of a builder's puppet (a laugh=)-oe of those puppets put up by somebody else who pull down the poles and get the property when it suits their purpose. He would appear to have been without a certificate for two years, and he may now take one of the third class. rAdvertisement.-'Wi]i you dine with us to-day? The "wife's OwnBook of Cookery tells wbmatto provide and howbebt to drems and lay on the table a dinner for two or more in any dyle. eihrcepor costly, and adapted to any income. --IIl or large. the uefbook ctais above 1.600 original receiptsfor dishesthat can be get up in any bouseeld. ,,nd is illustrated wth 250 descriptive engravinga.~ -Elegant Art for Ladles" zive plain instructions in eesey elegant art and graceful aceoinmpuismesv. Price 3c. Cd. each. Should be in ever,ladv's kece,nr..sceh Handbook of Chamber and cA6e Cd.."^6 @ |v eaeises e,in 2Oeedeor, byD M5l Ge0t;, fiupvxbljilutat War ad Lck,18, Fleel-eteet,
POLICE. GUranZnAIr-Eenry Truern. and Beinjamin Hough were charged before Alderman Fmis' with-stealing five sacks of coals, the property of their master; - It appeared, the prisoners were sent by Mr. Freeman to take three tons of coals in 30 sacks t4 Mr. Wheeler's pre. mises in Hyde-park-gardens, but when they arrived there MIrs. Wheeler observed the empty state of the van, and called the attention' of the butler to it. They told True. man that he could not have three tons of coals there, but he said he had, and commenced shooting them. They watched him, and observedthat he gradually added the five emzpty sacks to those he had just shot the coals from, and then offered to count them over to Mrs. Wheeler; but that lady communicated with Mr. Freeman, who gave the prisoners into custody. They wrere committed for trial.- BONV-STREET.-George Carey, a respectably-dressed man, who had been seven years a clerk in the Board of Works, was charged before Mr. HENRY wit'h stealing a pork-pie, valued at 8d., from a coffee-house. The prosecutrix, Mary Holt, stated that she kept a coffeehouse m Bridge-court, Cannon-street, Westminster. The prisoner had been in the habit of breakfasting there occasionally, and although, she had constantly missed pieces ot bacon, pork-pies, and other articles of provision, she had never thought of suspecting a YOung man of the prisoner's respectable appearance. On Saturday mornimg, however, after supplying him with a cup of coffee, an egg, and some bread and butter, she distinctly saw him take a pork-pie out of the window and put into his pocket. She pretended not to know It, but allowed him topay for his breakfast as usual. He tendered 6d., and received 2id. change. Having already sent for a police-constable, she now gave him in charge. He denied that he had taken anytbing. but the pie was found in his pocket, and he then offered to pay any sum of money 1 rather than be sent to the police-station. - Poliece-constable A 598 corroborated this statement, and added that, besides the pie, he found 21. in gold and silverI and a bundle of religious tracts in the prisoner's possession. The prisoner protested verY earnesly that he never meant t steal the pie. He took- it openly, andintended to pay for it. On being reminded by his worship that this story was inconsistent with the evidence, he declared that the evidence was false.- 3r. HENxRY said the case must go to a jury, but he would remand the prisoner for inquiry. Subsequently, upon the entreaty cf a gentleman who said he had known the prisoner for years as a man of unblemished character, although sometimes eccentric, his worship consented to take bail-twvo suretes in 801. each, with 48 hours' notice. WEsTrMISTER.-James Marshall and William Swilson, two well-dressed fellows, were charged before Mr. PAYTER with the following robbery:- Robert Gregory, formerly in affluent circumstances in Hertfordshire, but who, in consequence of various investments in which the late Mr. Sadleir was concerned, is much reduced in circumstances, said that he was an emigrant farmer on board the Sea King, lying in the London-docks, bound for Sydney. On the 1st of May he went to the ship to make some arrangements, and there met the prisoner Marshall, who said he was going to Sydneywith some machinery. They chatted together upon their prospects, and, leaving the ship in company, Marshall proposed that they should spend the evening together at Cremorne, and on their way there they called at a publichouse in Westminster, where they were joined by Swilson, who appeared to be a stranger to Marshall. The voyage to Sydney was spoken of, when Swilson represented that he h-ad just arrived from America, and hoped they would be as, successful in making a fortune as himself. He then started with them for Cremorne, and they went into a tavern at Chelsea and had some brandy and water, when Swilson pulled out two little bags, and having given one to Marshall and the other to the prosecutor, declared in two or three minutes afterwards he would give them an American dollar each to put in them. They then handed him the bags, and prosecutor was induced to pull out his money, consisting of nearly 50 sovereigns and two old guineas, for Swilson to place in his bag with the dollar. Prosecutor saw the money, as he considered, safely deposited in the bag, which he put in his trousers pocket, and they then all left the tavern. After they had gone 200 or 300 yards, Swilson pretended that he had left his pocket-handkerchief at the tavern, and asked who could ran fastest. Prosecutor said he could run very fast, and set off full speed to get the handkerchief, but did not succeed in fnding it, and returning to the spot where he had left the prisoners, to his surprise discovered they were gone. It struck him in a mnoment' that some dishonest trickhad been practised upon him, and, upon looking at the bag, he found it contained farthings inste,id of sovereigns and guineas. The prisoners owed their apprehension tothe kind services of a gentleman named Smith, connected with maritime matters, who having heard an account of the transaction from the captain of the ship, immediately described the pisoners and took the prosecutor in search of them;- and, upon their capture, Marshall w;as found in possession of 14 sovereigns. Mr. Smith stited that he knew both prisoners well as a portion of a dangerous gang of thieve, who were daily prowling 'about the metropolis or provincial towns, feecing the unwoary. Swilson, who was known at Liverpool and Manchester by the coiomen of "tFlash Harry," bad bean convicted of fraud. He (dr. Smith) had had his eye upon the accused fortthe last 12 month. Swilson had notsecently reotrned from america, nor was hall going out in the Eea King to Sydney. The prisoners, who made no defence, were committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court, and exertions will be made to get th;e matter disposed of as early as nossible, so that the unfortunate prosecutor may not lose his passage out as w ell as the few pounds he possessed. WORSlIrP-sTRnan.--ames Cooke, a young man of respectable appearance, w as charged before 2^fr.. HscarL with the foElow nnprovoked assault :- The defendant ad n paying his addresses to a pretty young woman named RQogers, the daughter of respectable parents at Hiackney, and entitled to some independent property. The suit was not altogether favoured by the young woman's friends, and her mother hapnenig to overhear the defendant expressy state that he only cared for the property, and not at all for the young lady herself, the motherv.warned her daughter of the consequences, and the affair was consequently entirely broken off, and the defendant prohibited from comung there any more. This appeared to produce a very bad feelin in the defendant, forthe young lady shortly after heard that her moral character was being seriously malignedby her formersuitor, and, while labouring under feelings of naturalexasperationat suchunworthytreat ment, she unadvisedly wentto the defendant'shouseinWestmoreland-place, City-road, to demand an explanation and withdrawal of the aspersions. Instead of apologizing, the defendantrepeated the insinuation and left the house, followed by the young woman, whom he directly after suddenly seized by the wrists, and, punching her own fists against her face till her nose bled profusely, repeatedly and violently dashed her head and person against a -wall till she became nearly senseless and very much injured. While so ill-treating her a constable happened to make his appearance, and the defendant's landlord, thinking it unsafe for his lodger for the officer to see the young woman in that state, supported her into the house, where she was detained until the following morning, when she contrived to make her way home, but had been ever since suffering from the effects of the injuries. The young woman's mother deposed to her own alarm and anxiety at her daughter's absence the whole night, and that directly her daughter got home in the morning, which she did in a state of great excitement and exhaustion, she dropped in the passage and fainted. On explaining the treatment to which -he hadbeen subjected, the witness examined her daughter's person, andfound she had sustained the most scandalous treatment, her face,head,shoulders,arms, and otherparts of the body being severely contused and excoriated, and in fact she had been unable to leave the house for several days in consequence. Mr. Wakeling addressed the magistrate on behalf of his client, and called two witnesses to prove that the whole of the injuries the young woman had sustained were entirely attributable to her own imprudencel- ibut this was entirely denied by the complainant herself, confirmed in great measure by the constable, and the defence was so inconsistent with the facts clearly established that Mr. HtArr at once sent the case before a jury, and ordered the defendant to put in bail to be answerable for his future appearance. SOUTIn%V,ss .-Saturday being appointed for the re-examination of William Robson Aubert, a gentleman residing at No. 32, York-terrace, Regent's Park, who was charged on Friday, the 2d inst., with indecently assaulting Sarah Wainright and Elizabeth Wainwright, children of the respective ages of six and three years, daughters of a poor widow, living at Xo. 53, Surrey-row, Blackfriarsroad, and representing himlf as a medical man connected with the British Orphan Asylum, the court was excessively crowded by persons anxious to hear the proceedings as a person, answering to his description, has for some time been in the habit of committing similar offences in various parts of London. There were several charges against him, owing to the publicity given of last week's proceedings in the newspapers. Mr. Joseph Payne, instructed by Mr. Pearce, the solicitor to the Society for the Rescue of Young Women and Children, of 11, Poultry, appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Allen, from the Associate Institution for improving and enforcing the laws for the protection of women, was also present, to watch the proceedings; and Mr. Solomon appeared for the prisoner. It may be recoUected that a short time ago an advertisement was inserted in n'Ae Tbizes, by Mr. Daniel Cooper, the secretary of the first-named society, witha view of obtaining an asylum for Mrs Wainwright's children, anda situationfor herself. as nurse in aprivate family. OnWednesday morning the 30th ult. the prisoner caUed at her house, and told her he had seen the advertisement, and that he wished to p lace the two children in an Orphan Asylum. The children were shown to him,when he said thathe wasa medical officer connected with the British Orphan Asylum, and that he must carefully examine them as to their state of health and bodily condition before he could recommend. them. Mrs. Wainwright, believing that be was a surgeon as he represented himself to be, reluctantly complied with his reqnest, when he then treated the poor children in a most ds ting manner, having previously strippedthem rakedL Ee then left the poor woman, promising to call in a day or two with orders for the chlldren's admission into the British Orphan Asylum, at Clapham. After hewas gone the mother had herdoubts about him on account of the brutal manner in which he had treated the children, and having communicated the circumstances to a neighbour she suspected him of being an imposter. Accordingly, when he calledagain,onFridaymorninz,the2diust.,Bryan,aiourneymean plasterer, was concealed in a cupboard, and as soon as the vagabond requested permission t&repeat his disgusting conduct by saying that he was a surgeon of the British Orphan Asylum, Bryan rushed out of his conceal-7 ment and seized him. The w,retch trembled at being discovered and offered any money to be allowed toescape, but Sergeant Macarthy, 11 M, came in and took him into custody. These facts were not denied, and Mr. Combe remanded him for a week, considering that such a case ought to be dealt with bv a jury at the sessions. At the' solicitation of Mr. Solomon of the Borough-road Mr. Combe consented to accept bail for his appearance, and 3Mr. WiLiam Hobson, of NSo, 43, Harley-dtreet, and ler, John -Irving Glennie, pr6ctor, of 15, Devonshire-street, and 19 -Bennett's-hill, Doctors'-commons, were accepted s his isureties in the sam of 2;. each: The prisoneralso enterid into his bond of. 5o0L, and was allowedto depart-with the uliderstanding that he- would be forthcomiug yesterday. CLanhour having elapsed beyond Thle usa time Mr. CosmE -ordered the prisoner-to be called -on his recognizances; and.: shortly afterw^ards Mr. Solomon entered the court and informaed his worship that he bad -just seen a friend of his client, who had informed hnmnthat -Mr. Aubert left home suddenly last Tuesday, and -had not -been seen since. Ho x sutpposedd that uader those ciredmatances the bail must be~ estreated. - - . - gune ; rL Mr. Payne said, he had the honour t6 attend for an Asocition for the Protection of FemnalTs to prosecute this brutal fellow, who, he was sorry to say, was connected with a wealthy and highly respectable family, andhe considered that, before the gentlemenbecarne bai for him, they ought to have been full satisfied that he would surrender. In his opinion, he believed they knew he would not, and did not care about. 5O. or 1,OOOL as long as they could liberate the man. Since the publication of this case there were others brought to light, and he had now five ~more charges against him for his misconduct towards young women by representing himself as a surgeon connected withi an orphan asylum. 3Mr. Charles Woolooton, a gentleman connected with the British Orphan Asylum, informed his worship that the prisoner had nothing whatever to do with them; neither was he known to them in any way. Mr. CoMBE said, that there could be no doubt of his unposture, and that he had been guilty of-brtal conduct towards the children, but he had not surrenderedL Mr. Solomon intimated that thebail were ready to pay the money they had forfeited as the prisonerhad decamped. Ee supposed there was an end of the case. 1r. Payne said, the case should -not end there, as be should indict the prisoner. at the sessions, and on a true bill being foimd apply for a judge's warrant to apprehend: him. Such a scoundrel, altoughhe was rich, andwas connected with a high family, could not be allowed to escape. Perhaps his worship woud grant a warrant, as he had not surrendered to his baiL. Mr. CoaaEz observed that Mr. Payne had better take the course he had alluded to, by applying to the judgeiat. sessions. At present he should not grant a -warrant. Vhat he should do would be to direct the recognizances to be estreated, and issue distress warrants upon the goods and chattels of the prisoner and his sureties, which -would be placed in the hands of the officers of the court immediately. Mr. Solomon said, there would be no rieed of that as the money would be ;caid. JMr. Payne was sorry that bail had been taken at all, as the oter charges were of a very serious description. Howvever, the society would lose no time in looking after him, as they were determined to prosecute to the utmost limit of the law. Thefollowingis adescription of the delinquent--25 years of age,about five feet seveninchtshigh, swarthy complexion, dark hair, serious countenance (rather severe), projecting under lip. He generally dresses in black. He says he has a farm in Essex of 215 acres, let to a Mr. Walters for ten years, and money in the Three per Cent. Consols. - - 1A3rBETiL-Mr. Earl, from the law department of the South-Western Railway Company, attended-to -support a summons taken out against Mr. George F. P. Sutton, of 6, Basinghall-street, solicitor to the BrightonRailwayCompany and also to the Mercers Company for smoking in a railway carriage, contrary to the bylaws of the company, andfor which he had incnrred a penalty not exceeding 40s Mr. Earl, addressing the magistrate, said that the summons had been appointed forhearigonWedaesday last, but on that day it was put off, a' the request of Ballantine, the barrister-who was to have attended-to that day when he (Mr. Earl) understood the learned gentleman was to have appeared for the defence. He did not, howvever, make his appearance, and as he had waited beyond the nsual time he hoped his w orship would take the ease in the absence of the defendant. RIe migtht state, howvever, that a letter had been received from Mr. Sutton offering to pay the penalty and the expense of the summons, and it might beinferred from that fact that he had received the summons. Mr. EnLLoTT, on reading the note in question, observed that it might be taken as an aclnowledgment of the receipt of-the summons. Mr. Earl here called one of the company's officers to prove that a printed copy of the rules, according to the bylaws of the company, 'was hung up at the Vaterloo station, and- in addition observed that it could not -be supposed Mr. Sutton could have been ignorant of the fact that smoking in a railway was an offence punishable by a penalty It vas equally so on the Brighton Railway, of which he himself was the solicitor. MIr. J. H. Pulman, a clerk in the House of Peers, and son to the Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod, was next sworn and said, that on the evening of the 14th of March last he was at the WVaterloo station, and when about to start by the 8.a train, he looked along the train, and seeing a compartment of a first-class carriage with only one gentleman in it he called to the- guard and got in. As soon as the train began to move the gentleman asL-ed if he had any objection to his smoking, and he replied that he had. The gentleman upon this said, " Oh, I see how it is; you got in on purpose; but I shall smoke notwithstanding." 'Witness. told him if he did he should inform the guard; and his reply was, that if he even did he should know what to do-light his cigar aid commnence smoking. At VauxhaU statioi he informed the guard of the faet, and got into another carriage. The guard of the train said he took thc name and address of Mr. Sutton, and that that gentleman smoked aterbeing cautioned. Mr. ELUoTT ordered a penalty of 20s. and costs.
Tni BELGLkN PRESS.-We have some causse for regret that Lord Clarendon should have too hastily assented to Count Walewsld's statement at the Paris Conference, that the Belgian press required restriction ; and that he has actually affixed his signature to a pper in which this sentimentis embodied. 'he press of rance is gagged, as well as that of other continental nations. Ours, on the other hand, is free, and we flourish beyond our neighbours on the maintenance of this pn ege. Now it would appear that Lord Clarendon must have beenignorant of the Belgin law, which anthorizes the infliction of a severe punishment-imprisonment for two or three years, and a fine of from lO0f. to 2,000f.-for libellous criticisms on foreign Governments. And, beyond this, the foreign Government so aspersed has only to communicate confidentially with the Belgian Government, which is bound and authorized at onoe to institiite proceedings. And, even still further, Belgium has legalpower-which it.e.xercises-ofrejectingsuspiciousaliens, and does in fact limit its hospitality and curb its press more than we do. Hence, while Count Walewski's complaints were scarcely called for on so great an occasion, still less can we approve the conduct of our ow-n Mnister in backing those complaints, and especially so when England is so inti-mawtelj conuected with the rulinlg Soverei-gn of Belgium, and since she ought to be ever foremost adi assert,ing the liberty, but not the licentiousness of the press. There has been a slight oversight on Lord Clarendon's part, but Lord almerston's declaration has remedied it. "The House night rely," said the Premier, " that the British Govermment would be no party to any foreigu interference with a view of dictating to an independent nation the steps she should take to gag the press."-Sffided Times. :EA1TH oF ME. JomI BRIGHT, ?.P.-We are happv in being enabled to statd that our much-esteemed member, fr. Bright, continies progressing towrds a better state of health. Ee has just left this neighbourhood for Scotland, where it is his intention to sojourn for some t-ime, -Afanedestr Zrssniser of Saturday. ar detLeetl"The Old Vicarage,"' by Mfrs. Hub- antheress or "TheWife's Sister," c*'aysanad December," &c., is now ready. i3 vels "There has been a harvest o£ good unyil this season, and * The OldVicarage' masyholdup its hzead amonget the best. Those searching liza-ay cataloizues may send for it without fear of disappointment. Tbe stois as quiet as one of .Xiss Anaten'zs, but the characters and incidents are touched with a rninuteness and a delicacy that supply theplace of a more extended canvas. We adrise eurreaders to get 'The OldYVicarage.'" Charles J. Skeet. 10, Ring William-ftree; Charing-crow.,
PExsIoN To LoRD DAiRousir.-The grant of an annuity of 5,0001. to Lord Dalhousie, which we announced in our last yaper, is likely, we understand, to meet with some opposition at the Court of Proprietors sumnnmoned for Wednesday next; but there is little doubt that, if the op. 1 ponents of the measure call for a ballot, the vote of tho Court of Directors will be carried by an overwhelming majority. In the meanwhile the subject of the grant has furnished matter for animadversion both in Parliament and by the press. The observations of Lord Clanricarde and Lord Albemarle in the House of Lords will be found elsewhere. They are calculated rather to strengthen than to weaken the hands of the friends of Lord Dalhousie, who are legion; for not a single glimmer of argament is to be found in the objections of the noble Lrds. he commnents wihich have appeared in some of the Liberal journals are more worthy of attention; but some at least are based upon a misconception of facts. The proposed annuitv to Lord Dalhousie has been spoken of as though it were of an exceptional character. But the same annuity has beert granted to every Governor-Generail who has remained the same length of time in India. An annuity of 5,000L . granted to Warren Hastin to Lord Cornwallis, and to Lord Welesley. Lord tastings received a grant of 60,0001., with which, at his age, he might have purchased an annuity of 5,0001. ; and which, in effect, was multiplied to him. An annuity of 5,0001. was also voted to Lord Hardinge. Surely, then, there is abundance of precedent. But itis contended that as Lord Dalbousie was eight years in India, drawing nll that time a salary of some 25,000. a-year, he had sufficient opportunity of amassiDg a, fortune, and has, therefore, no need of the annuity which it is now proposed to bestow upon him. Here it is answered that to carry out this argmnent to its practical resalts would be to fix a penalty on protracted incumbency of office, and that this protracted incumbency is the thing of all others most to be desired. Continual change-of r lersis the greatest evil to which India could be subjected. Besidesw it is added, these pensions are granted for eminent services performed in the territories of the East India Coupany, andthe services are not less -onspicuous for being rendere- by a man who has a few lacs of rupees in his coffers. The force of these considerations seemas to be generally recognized; and in spite, therefore, of a few dissentients (and osre, if report speaks trualy, ofahighly respectable characterk, there seems to be little doub_ that the vota will be triumphantly carriOd.-,S2fW ancl Elder's OveCircnr Mei4a.
THB ROYAL AC!ADMY OF ARTS. The foreign contributions to the gallery are not -numerous, nor, as a whole, are they of much importance, save as regards the size of the canvas, which is, indeed, of dimensions associated in our minds either with unapproachable masterpieces in cathedrals and palaces, or with the still more ample daubs which, hung on poles in front of caravans, convey to the popular mind some notion of the height of a giraile, the leap of a kangaroo, or the length of the -vhite lady's hair. The picture which, both from the nature of the subject and from the name of the artist, naturaUy excites most attention is a portrait of Dickens, by Ary Scheffer. As a likeness it is excellent, but the general effect of it is not pleasing, and this appears to arise from an excess of brown. The hair is brown, the mustache is brown, the coumtenance is embrowned, the coat is brown, the vest a deeper brown, the baclkgronmd is brown. These browvns are the most iuinteresting hues that a painter seeking for the negation of colour could select. It is worth while to compare this portrait *with another of Mr. Dickens, in the newly-opened FrenchE3xhibition, by Henr-y Scheffer, brother of the present artist. The two likenesses are as different as they can well be, the latter being less genial and trute in expression, rather hard in outline, and rather coarse in colour, while, lowever, the head is placed, not in the midst of officious browns, but of quiet and retiring greys. One fact recorded by both the brothers may, perhaps, be accepted as characteristic of Dickens-the habit of holding one hand in the other. We point it out as we have already had occasion to speak of the treatment of hands by other portrait painters, and because it will be found that in his latest work Blr. Dickens has attached more than usual importance to the action of the hand as an indication of character. After Scheffer the name of Rudolph Lehmann deserves to be mentior.ed. In the " Roman Balcony, during Carnival"' one is disappointed with the expression of the heads, but we must take the picture for what it pretends to be, and that may be gathered from the bouquets in the hands of each of the women. It is a picture in which the aitist has aimed at certain contrasts of colour in light and shadow; and as such he has attained his point. In " Graziella" he has aimed at clearness of expression as well as harmony of colour, and has succeeded. Probably this is the most symmetrical composition in the gallery, and the ability with which, having to deal with two principal personages, the artist has contrived to make each a centre of symmetry, is worthy of note. All the drawing of the picture has reference to the midcle figure of the group, who is reading to the rest, and vhile we are still aclmiring the lsai-mony of the lines on either side -we find that the centre of form is not the centre of colour. This is to be found in the headdress of a 3-0omg girl who is fascinated towards the reader, and as from the overtopping head of the latter, who at once calls our attention, the lines fall offwith the utmost grace, so from the outshining red of this girl's headdress the colours radiate either by contrast or gradation -with a lharmony that displays great technical ability. 'The result is a repose in happy iuion with the stillness of the evening and the reverie of the listeners, who, like true listeners, seeni not to hear but to see. The large picture of the "Deluge " in the same room, by S.-B. Halle, in -which, as if to make up for the repose of " Graziella," there is the most fearful contortion of linmb and distortion of face, we are no more able to appreciate now than on the private view. The noor souls are wriggling about in the most convulsive manner, and making diabolical faces at all the points of the compass. 'hat all the pother is -abouit we discover by the help of the catalogue after protracted research in the picture. The artist seens to have no idea of such a thing as menltal suffering-no respect for the calmness of of despair. High on a rock, a king and his subjectsare being surrounded by the waters of the deluge, and instead of shivering on the brink-one, it may be, with a glimmer of hope, another wvith a sullen desperation, a third with a profoumd horrorthey are all shrieking and tearing their hair and throwing themselves into attitudes as if they -were in physical suff'ering. The strange thing is that only one of the figures is looking downwards. We should fancy almost every eye bent on the advancing waters; whereas, uith the above exception, (and that fi gure is staring at -we know not wlhat) the various personages are -watching the clouds, or, with a nautical fixedness of gaze that wvould do honour to a more modern mariner, were he Captain Cuttle hiimself, looking out for a sail on the horizon. It is not necessary to enter into further details, and, indeed, the whole picture, with its clencling of fists and gnashing of teeth, is so opposed to the expression of what wve in England regard as really strong emotion, that, but for the size of the canvas, it scarcely deserves a notice at all. The pictiure opposite to it, an immense portrait of the King of the Belgians on horseback, byVerboeckhoven, is not less disappointing. The horse is better than the King, but it is one of the -worst in the gallery. The artist has no conception of the manner in -which a horse vwalks; and, as if cletermined to be wrong in every detail, even the dust raised by the foot is untrue. A horse walking slowly on a summer's day does not raise a cloud of dust that drives fast behind him like the steam from an express engine; he kicks it fornvard as well as behind. In the adjoining room, occupying a position simidar to this last, is a large picture by E. Deveria, the vorkmanikship of rwhich is much better, and the colour more pleasing. But the artist could not have chosen a more hazardous subject-" The birth of Edward VI., and the death of his mother, Jane Seymour." After the eye has been sated with the chromatic effects of the picture, and we begin to inquire what it is all about, we find a number of women fainting on all sides without the lLxury of a- inaigrette among them, while the men, instead of offering to Catch them, look on with the suiblime indifference .which belongs to gentlemen when they find it necessary to make a protest against any inore hysterics, and to decree that in their houses there shall be no more fainting. All this time attention is entirely dlverted from the dying Queen, who, after having given birth to the young Prince, is lying on her bed apparently in full dress-all save her foot, whi6h is bare. WVe should from this picture infer that there must be some foundation for the popular idea that Sovereigns go to bed in velvet and gold lace, with crowns on their heads, a sceptre in one hand, and a globe in the other. Always among the best specimens of native art are the aninial pictures, but this year they are neither so numerous nor so good as usual. Landseer sends two pictures, one of which is very fine, while the other is very unequally painted. In the larger of the t-wo, " Saved," the head of the Newfoundland dog is good, but it is almost the only good thing on the canvas. The hind leg of the dog is apparently the only part of him that has been in the water. Il indicating the water there was no occasion for the artist, who could do it so cleverly and so truly on the near billows, to resort to an extremely conventional mode of treating the distant waves. Altogetherthe picture seemstobe unfinished. " ghiland Niurses" is much more perfect. The colouir is very soft and beautifuil, and the sad grey of the sky is in fine keeping with the sentiment of the piece. A wvoiuded deer has fled from its pursuers to the top of a crag to die, and the hincls come to lick its wolund and to soothe its dying agony. The contrast between the red of the deer and the green-gray of the granite rocks is very effective, while the ptarmigans both in coloiu and sentiment are identified with the bit of rock, on which they stand in utter indifference, trimming their feathers. Very different in style is Richard Ansdell; his works form the most pleasant antidote to the heat of the gallery when it is too crowded. Let any one wvho wvishes for frost, and who is willing to be chiled into an icicle, look at the picture of the "Shepherd" in the west room. We have seen better sheep of Mr. Ansdell's, but there is something good in the shepherd, and the dog has some private ends in view which are decidedly characteristic. " The Browser's halloo" is the best picture of this artist, -where he has given the same sharp cold air, while the trees are all leafless and the boughs all brittle. It is winter without snow, and the deer come flocking to the shout of the browser, whose call, as he puts his hand to his mouth to increase the loudness of it, we can fancy that we hear. The picture is full of life. In " Going to be Fed" the alrist lhas enjoyed the assistance of J. Phillips. Mr. Abraham Cooper contributes a goo(Uy number of works, but the majority being portraits of favourite horses, standing as still and looking as red as mahogany iables, are subjects not calculated to interest the genexal observer. " Mambrino's Relmet," in which Mr. Cooper has had the opportunity of painting Don Quixote's rieketty horse, is the most interesting* °f. - is subjets; but the most remarkable of his works is a little thing near it-" Highland Lassie Getting up the Kye"-in which the action of the pony is not merely w;rong, it is ludicrously wrong. There seems to be a strange inability among our artists to comprehend the action of a horse, and especially the walk and the trot. Here the forefoot is so absurd, being raised somewhat like the foot of a bind man on the edge of a downward step, that it is not necessary to dlwell on it; but as we have touched on this subject it is impossible to pass without uotice the front horse in Mr. Linnell's lanclscape. Artists generally comprehend in a vague way that the diagonally opposite feet of a horse have an action which if not simultaneous is nearly so, in proportion to the rapidity of movement. This is to a certain extent a correct account of a horse's trot-there is an approach to parallelism in the opposite legs; but Mr. Linnell has observed a fact much more characteristic of quadruipedal actionthat two feet meet almost in a point under the belly of the animal, so that the four legs form something like the letter L. He has observed tnis fact wrongly, however, and the two feet which he has represented as approaching each other are not the two off feet nor the two near feet-which would have been correct-but precisely those two -which by treating them in an entirely different manner, painters generally had represented wvith a certain conventional truthfulness. Whoever wishes to see a correct rendering of the pace must go to the French Exhibition, and look at the cattle descending tlle hill, aspainted by Auguste Bonheur. The chief thing to be noticed, from wvhich all the other movements follo'a is that the fore foot is raised to make way for the hind foot on the same side, and, the nearer it is to being overtaken, the more rapid is the pace. Our artists, however, do not often give us an opportunity of seeing how animals run, and there is no doubt a certain propriety in painting them in those moments when they attract most of our regard, namely, when standing or lying ready to be caressed. The sleepy cattle of Sidney Cooper, chewing the cud as they lie against the evening sky, or stand in shady pools from the midday heat-are cattle just as we like to see them best. His colouring is rather hard, and he has much to do before he attains fully the Cuyp-like effects at which he aims; but his works are always pleasing, and he has contributed one of his best efforts to the present exhibition. It is entitled "After Sunset," a much darker picture than he usually paints; and, perhaps, if he had made more moon. and so introduced a little more contrast of light, the result woould have been better. But, as it is, the work is excellent and the effect solemn. Mr. Cooper is happy to depend on Mr. F. Leefor his landscape, and one of his best contributions has been painted bytthe two artists together. Avoiding landscape as much as possible, 3Ir. G. W. Horlar has painted some heads of animals which are deserving of notice for their rude reality; and in like manmer, avoiding the accessories of scene, Mrr. Hugg7ins has given some fowvls wfhich are ex;ceedingly good-the gloss of the plumage and the character of the birds being rendered wvith not less fidelity than beauty. The landscape painted for Sidney Cooper's cattle is the best of Mr. Lee's productions. There is a warm feeling about the picture, anid the artist is evidently at home in the scene. The sea pieces of MTr. Lee are not so natural; his home is not on the wave, the -water is not inviting, and the painter is not at ease until he sets foot on dry land again. In his picture of " Fowey Castle" he has depicted waves which, if not true, are at least vigorous; but we have only to compare the steep on which the castle rises writh the wild waters below to be convinced that the artist is a landsman. Compare, also, the breakwater at Plymouth with the sea washing over it, and observe how happy the painter is wlhen he comes to shore. "Breaking up a wreck," too, is a fine study of rocks at low water; but, as forthe sea, let any parent who wishes to cure his boy of a seafaring passion bring hlim to look at these cold waves. Mr. E. W. Cooke has a much deeper sympathy with " Life on the Ocean Wave," although even he is not quite happy .ntil he gets into calm water, or unless he feels himself safe in a good boat. To his Datch boats we. have already referred. " The port of Dealtry," is one of the best of his subjects; but one must look at his Venetian pictures to see him in full possession of his power. " San Giorgio Maggiore," with an effect of light immediately after suinset, is warm and luminous, and shows-a great deal of technical skiUl. This view will be all the more appreciated if the visitor has been lcoking into Mr. Roberts's Venetian scenes with the attention which they deserve. Damiip, cold, and stony of aspect, Mi. Roberts has represented Vrenice very much in the spirit of the old masters, and in a light very different from that in which some of the more modem masters have taught us to regard it. Mr. Roberts is very bold to paint Venice with so much honesty ; as our painters and poets have been representing that city of the sea as the most brilliant and poetical habitation on the face of the earth, this artist has come forward to give contrasted views of the place; its colour turned to gray, its warm and luminous haze turnied to cold and shadowy mist, and everything looking hard, moist, and uncomfortable. M\fr. Roberts's distant view of St. Peter's is disappointing; admirably painted, it excites no feeling. "The Interior of St. Peters," his great work of this year, is a much higher effort, and is rendered with a knowledge of architectural details and effect which no living painter possesses in equal degree vith himself. The idea of size is given -with great power, and the way in which the lines of the building have been managed and the lights thrown in is very masterly. The most interesting portion of the -whole is the floor, with the soldiers, ecclesiastics, and people assembled on Christhasday, and all reflected amid the mosaics on which they stand. Here we find the hand of the artist, too, in a legitimate adaptation of colour to the exicencies of the scene-the red of the soldiers' trousers and that of the cardinals' dresses being represented as identical. Mr. Roberts has another work which must not be passed over without some notice-a ruined temple on a sunny promontory. It is, after his great work, the most pleasing of his pictLres; and the fine effect of the dark water in the foreground in contrast to the sLnshine opposite will be at once apparent. 'While speaking of water, we must not forget to notice some not ineffectual attempts at sea-painting by Mr. Meadows. Good as these are, however, his landscapes, with a rich April green about them, are still better. The same may be said of the works of Mr. Hook, although it would be difficult to paint the sea better than in the "Fisherman's Good-night," where it makes the head swim to look at the water, calm and glassy as it is on the surface. There is a quiet power in all the works of this artist, with a fie human feeling, which attracts one to his landscapes more frequently than to any others in the gallery. "The passing Cloud" is very beautiful and full of feeling. The lovesick swain is ratlher cluimsy, but the artist probably acted for the best in making him turn his back. The hill in the distance ought to be compared 'with the hill which fornms the background to Millais's "Blind Girl." Another delightful landscape painter is J. D. HErarding. {His only contribution is a river scene, which is very luminous, and the river veritable water; but the picture is either unfinished, or, if the artist regards it as finished, the eye demands greater detail in the trees that line the further bank of the streain, which are dashed in asvaguely asif, instead of trees on the bank, they were the reflection of trees in the stream below. Redgrave contributes a couple of pictures-one, although it is a landscape, very appropriately styled " Little Red Ridinghood." The girl is nothing; she is poorly painted, with enormous hands; but the red ridinghood is everything as a contrast to the surrounding green of the foliage and grass, which are very carefully painted. John Linnell has a harvest sunset in his usual style. The sun is in the centre of the pictue, and all the lines of the composition, from the sunbeams darting upwards to the rut and the ditch in the foreground, radiate like the spokes of a wheel fromthis centre. To one of thehorses we have already referred. W. Linnell has a picture of "Summer Crops," in which, without using much warm colour, he has contrived to give a warm effect to the landscape. In the "Lake of Lucernm&' r. T. Danby has given the brightest landscape in the gallery. Cleverly painted, it is one of those pictures which rather aboiund at present in the Suffolk-street gal-m lery. DMr. Witherington has some pleasant woodland scenes of very unequal merit. His representationis of Winter and Autumn will probably obtain most admirers. The landscape of Mr. Hannah we are not able to appreciate; the colour is not pleasant, but it would be unfair not to recognize the thoughtfulnees of this artist andthe great care which hehas bestowed upon his work-a thought and care which wnay lead- hereafter to more happy results. A little thing by W. Davis-" Wallasey-mill, Cheshire"-is deserving of notice, -vhere the mill and the leafless trees are seen against the clear cold sky, and the ducks are enjoying themselves in the shade of the foreground. The mill is much too bright, and we have some doubts whether the brown patch in the foregrolud is intended for water or not, but otherwise the picture is good. In another work, also, he has given play to his Prte-Raphaelite fondness for representing trees against a clear sky, which is seen through them; but the effect in this instance is not so pleasing. A landscape, by M. Anthony, is worthy of note. The effect, however, is peculiar-the colour is scattered, the lines are astray, and there is a good deal of confusion. Near it is a charming representation of Sunday morning, by J. Dearle ; there is something very pleasant in the shady road, and the charity children, with their backs turned, all loitering away to school. In this rapid enumeration the little pictiue by Hargitt, which is very sweetly painted, must not be forgotten; nor the roadside study of Mr. Boothsimple though it be. We are apt to pass by such studies in order to gaze at larger canvases and more glaring effects. But it is out of details such as these that great pictures are finally wrought, and they are generally far more natural than the great pictures themselves. The landscape of the Prm-Raphaelites is worthy of attention, as indicating a desire on their part to paint something else than foregrounds. In attempting to paint distance they necessarily give up much of that peculiarity by which their pictures have hitherto been characterized. The fact thatthey had made some failures in aerial perspective has probably been too strongly insisted on; but there was truth in the statenient, and the brethren have so far benefited by criticism that at present they are doing their best in the opposite direction, so as, if not entirely successful, to give great promise of success. The distant mountains of Edom in Mlr. Huint's picture form the best part of the work, and, as seen from behind the line of huts which divide the canvas in two, they are of themselves a very fine landscape. The beautiful colour of these mountains will explain fully what Sir WTalter Scott meant when, in phrase that at first sight seems more fanciful than true, he described the Ochils as gleaming like an aniethyst. In his -water-colour sketches, too, Mr. Hunt has painted airwith not alittle suicess, although of the subjects which he has chosen it may be said that they are more singular than pleasing. The best of these is " Jerusalem by MKoonlight"-a very rapid sketch, in which, however, the cool green light and the deep russet shadows produce an effect which is all the more pleasant as a contrast to his tlrce other works, in which every living thing, from the snake to the sacrficial goat, seems destined to be roasted alive. Mr. Millais has not been so successful as Mr. Hunt in his distances, but he has made considerable advance. There are some wonderful touches in both his landscapes, and yet one cannot help asling wvhether the man who paints these scenes cares very much for a full and broad view of nature. It would seem as if, in painting the landscapes, he did not intend us to see them, the one beinig covered -with the shadows of twilight, and the other " dark with e:cessive bright." There is so much of symbolical meaning qruite consciously expressed in the compositions of this artist that we suppose him to have a definite object in painting in the latter instance a blindilg landscape, where the blind g-irl chooses to rest all unconscious of the dazzling lighlt. The figure of the giul is full of feeling; it is in his figures that Mr.Millais clliefly excels; and the syllpathy wvhich in this case he elicits for blinclness is, no doubt, assisted by the feeling with which we look at the background-the crowis in the field being the only living things that really seemto delight in it. In his picture of the youg gills bunming the sere and yellow leaves of autumn Mr. Millais has expressed with a rare sense of colour, but also with a good deal of the mock simplicity and laboured feeling with vhich Wordsworth sings of Alice Fell, a sentiment that is more properly adapted to the inspiration of a Della-Cruscan sonnetteer. As the poet dwelt with great emphasis on the cloak of duffle grey, the painter lays great stress on the linseywolsey dresses of the girls, vhich seem to be newly put on for the occasion. But some of the faces are good, and the attitudes are natural, wlhile the contrast of eartlh and sky, and the trees against the sky, are singularly effective. It is strange that this artist should excel in representing almost every kind of texture except that of hum7an flesh, which in his pictures is generally either dirty or mottled, or not very different from the red hair which it delights him to paint. But in speaking of Pre-Raphaelite landscape we have strayed to the figures, and have done so naturally enough, as human life is, after all, the most interesting of subjects for the artist, and it is that'wlhich the Pne-Raphaelites handle best. Of the other members of this fraternity we have already referred to A. HIughes, but without mentioning his "April Love" -in which will be found the same joyous sense of colour as in his " Eve of St. Agnes,"-a key, however, which he would do well to vary. The whole picture is evidently painted with great zest-from the rose petals on the floor to the ivy leaves above, and from the tear on the fair lady's face to the skirt of her dress. In Mr. Halliday's "Measure for the Wedding-ring" there is more of promise than performance. Last and greatest may be mentioned with this school the father of them all-Mr. J. F. Lewis, who contributes two cabinet pictures full of the most exquisite workmanship. In both MAr. Lewis has managed the distance much better than he sometimes does, and, in that of the " Greeting in the Desert," the contrast between the stately gravity of the Arabs saluting each other, and the free and easy salutations of the two dogs behind, is rendered with a quiet humour which makes onie feel how difficult and how pleasant it must be to get a good laugL amid these burning sands. But, as a specimen of what painting can do, we prefer the " Street Scene in Cairo," where the artist has illustrated on a small scale, but with immense power, the delighlt which it gives us in the shade to look at the sunshine beyond, and then again to pass from sun to shade. The way in whiclh he has wrought out by strong contrasts the beauties of bright light and cool shadow, must be seen to be duly appreciated. Of the other artists who have contributed figure subjects we have not yet mentioned the name of Mr. WVard, who exhibits two works. " The last parting of Marie Antoinette and her Soln" has clever painting in it, and there is something finely conceived both as to colour and expression in the contrasted groups of the Royal family on one side and the Revolutionists on the other; but, as a whole, notwithstanding the sad expression of the Queen, the picture is not affecting and the children are not natural-the girl especially is cold and unfeeling. From the picture of " Byron's early love" one tuns away at first, as indicative of mawkish sentiment. Aniother glance will discover much to admire in the work, both in the expression of Byron's countenance, and in the contrast between the artiicial light within and the moonlight without. Somewhat in the spilit of the former of these works is the " Charles Y." of Mr. Ehmore, but it is more effective. The dyinmg Emperor is represented vith great force urgundianlipsandaD, looking heavily attheportrait of his Queen. MIr. Elmore, however, seems not to be aware that the half is greater than the whole, otherwise he would not have introduced the episode of the clockmaker; although viewed as an episode it is well told. The watch on the table isa sufficient indication of Charles's horological propensity. A still more pathetic work is the dead Chatterton of WalDs. Here by the gray light of the morning cwe find that- "Sleepless soul, "The marvellous boy that perished in his pride," stretched on his bed. The drawing of this figure is admirable, and the effect of the London morning light stealing in at the attic widow is rendered with great fidelity. The perspective of the open window, however, is not quite correct, andcthere was really no occasion for the artist to paint that last puff of smoke from the burnt-oti candle. He had two things to indicate in this way-that it was morninc, and that the youth had just expired, but he has expressed both of these facts clearly enough without resorting to a concert of this kind. There is considerable power also in Mr. Wallis's representation of Andrew Marvel, but here again he has failed in the perspective of what seems to be the same window. Turn- ing to happier themes, we obtain from Webster a pleasant picture of children playing at "h Ede and Seek"-where, with a keen enjoyment of the fun, the painter has tasked his powers of invention to stow away the little ones in al manner of safe holes and corners. Frith has contributed one of those domestic scenes of which a great number will be found in the minor exbibitions, but none treated like this. The young artists who choose such subjects argue in. 1-14is way-" There is no use in painting the unrealities of fieLion and history; if a painter will succeed he must paint this modern, life of ours with, all its humdrum antd formiality." So they seriously pain t *a parties and family di.nners, and all the v ttilhties of modern society, which are only tolerable in .Pitnch, because Ploch turns them into ridicule. In choosing such a theme MIr. Frith has introduced that poetical element which makes it possible for him to treat it with effect. Childrern are the salvation of such a scene-children and aged people-and in painting, the celebration of a child's birthday there is great scope for the artist. Here the children are represented with great liveliness. The adults arenatural enough, but they look like portraits. The picture which Mr. Frith has painted in conjunction with Mr. Creswick, is also good. The landscape is poor, but there is something fine in the girrs face, an(d the feeling is intensified by the wistful gazing of the dog. Phillip contributes a number of Spanish subjects in his accustomed style. The best of these is entitled " The prayer of faith shall save the sick." It is not so sharp in treatment as is usmal with him, and the feeling is more tender. " The .ancashire Witeh" of Mr. Horsley,wvhich is near it, is as quaint in title as the picture close beside it, which MIr. Millais entitles "Portrait of a Gentleman." The witch is a very arch-looking girl. And inthe same corner there is aninterior by F. D.Hardy wvhich is most admirably painted. The two old people by the fireside are to the life. In the " Richard and Kate" of the same artist there is another interior and two old people again-all very vigorously and minutely rendered. Those who have an interest in the coLuntenances of the aged and who know wlhat opporvtinities they afford to the artist will look at the old woman in Frank Stone's picture of "Doubt" with pleasure. Not less successful is the head of the young man, as he turns round to look at the old woman, with some sense of her presence as anintiusion. There are two pictures of a market-day that are worth comparing. Tn that of Mr. George Jones-" Cologne-Vegetable Market,"-the architecture is the principal topic of the picture, but the crowds assembled are engaged in that miscellaneous way characteristic of a market, in which everybody seems to be everything, and one cannot tell precisely iwhat anybody is doing. "The Market Day" of Mr. O'NTeill is full of incident and character; the old village is capitally painted; the groups are very lifelike, and sheir occupations are delineated with considerable humour. The details-the potatoes, the cabbages, the fowvls under a coop, are given very faithfully. Thle picture opposite to it, by M. G. H. T"homiasthe "French Soldiers' Bali at Boulogne," is also good, the vehement dancingc off the Frenchmen being hit off with great humour. Of the more serious subjects we shall not write in detail. In the choice of scriptural themes more than one artist has displayed great thought, much sense of beauty, and not a little skill. But these wvorks are not generally successful; it requires sometlhing more than a little pious sentimentality to be able to treat such themes adequately. And if the sensibilities that are now directed to the worship and representation of apostolical lay figures and prophets that have nothing prophetical about them but their beards and their mantles were only taughlt to find mantles in the clouds and glad tidings in the spring time, and, if the artists were to expend their skill on the landscape or the society around them, the result would redound far more to their own reputation and to our pleasure.
ROYAL ITALIAN OPEBA. Rossini's Contc .Ory-his best comic opera, except one which we need not specify-was produced on Saturday night with the same distribution of characters as last year, viz., Signor Gardoni, the Count; Madame Bosio, the Countess of Formoutier; Mademoiselle Mlarai, the Page; Madame Nantier Didide, Ragonda; Signor Tagliafico, ilaimbaldo; and h. Zelger, the Preceptor. The performance was among the most careful and effective of the present season. The delightful melodies and piquant instrumentation of which Rossini has been so lavish in this charming work are heard to greater advantage in a house of moderate proportions than in a vast edifice like the late Covent-garden. Ii Conic Ory, nevertheless, in its complete shape, was originally produced at the Acad6mie do Musique, the largest theatre in Paris (in 1828). The opera, as is generally known, contained several morceaux from a smaller one, called ni Viaggio a RlWinzs, composed for the coronation of Charles X., and Rossini's first essay in Paris. The beauties of the music, its exquisite comic vein, and its incessant flow of graceful and piquant ideas, have been dwelt upon more than once. Madame Bosio nowhere shines to greater advantage than in B Conte Ory. The caratina of the first act, "Soffrir penare ognora," which opens with a largo as stately in its lengthened phrases as any in Semiranside, was snug with admirable ease and purity by this accomplished lady. The first movement showed how thoroughly she bad studied the Rossinean style of declamation; and the cabaeltla, "' Baon Eremita," charmed even more by its fluent and dazzling execution. Madame Bosio -was supported with the utmost ability by Signor Gardoni (whose impersonation of the Count ranks with his mnost successful efforts), and, on the other hand, by Mademoiselle Marai, one of the prettiest pages imaginable, and the best Isoliero we remember, either on the French or Italian stage. With three such competent artists the concerted music, in wvhich n Conie Ory abounds, could hardly have gone badly; and we may cite the duet between the Count and Isoliero (when the dissolute nobleman, disguised as a hermit, detects a competitor in the person of his own retainer), the duet with the Countess (when the Conte Ory, as a female pilgrim, obtains shelter from the storm in the castle of that unprotected female), and the Mozartean trio (where the Count, in the dark, mistakes the page for the lady, and unwittingly bestows caresses on his rival), as performances wholly beyond criticism, the credit of which, moreover, was equally divided. The other characters, too, were very efficientlyrepresented, more particularly Ragonda, the keeper of the castle, by Madame Nantier Didi6e, who was praised in high terms on a former occasion, and was not less deserving of eulogy now. Signor Tagliafico, as the impudent Raimbaldo, displayed his accustomed flow of exuberant spirits, and sang the famous aria descriptive of his adventures in the wine-cellar (a veritable " patter-song in the buffo style), with capital points and humour. Nor must hi Zelger's amusing impersonation of the Preceptor pass unnoticed. The sceilc of the pilg'rims caused unusual hilarity; and the careful scrutiny of Madame Didice, when Rlagonda with a lighted candle comes to ascertain the wants of all those false deceivers, was a quiet but irresistible piece of comedy, to which the mock solemnity of the preghiera (an e.xquisite specimen of vocal harmony), sung by the feigned rcligicuses, kneeling, brought an addi. tional zest. All the mnsic went well. The zeal of the chief singers was seconded in an extremely satisfactory manner by the chorus and by the orclhestra (under the able direction of Mr. Costa), which has rarely been played with more delicacy and point. The finale to the first act, one of Rossini's happiest and most ingenious compositions, was perfectly executed throughout. The magnificent unaccompanied sextet-" Oh terror ! oh smania ! oh pena ! " (forming part of it), which follows upon the discovery of Conte Ory, through the instrumentality of his unconscious Preceptor, was encored unanimously; and never was such a compliment more riehlymerited. In shortthlepe.formance was altogether good; and we are much mistaken if the Conct Ory does not become popular with the liauitu isof the Royal Italian Opera. Such genial, elegant, and beautiful music-united to a libretto which, however fantastic and improbable, is decidedly entertaining-ought to please any audience, and more especially when executed with such unflagging spirit and vivacity. The mise en scaec-like everything hitherto presented at the Lyceum-is complete and appropriate. The scenery is excellent, and the costumes are irreproachable. Mr. Harris, the acting manager, however, might instruet Mademoiselle Marai (who should know better) not to leave the stage while M.tZelger is singing the air ofthePreceptor, in the first act, which is addressed throughout to IsoElero; he might also a ecommend Signor Tagliafico,when Ragonda enters with the lighted candle, to conceal the flasks of wine which Rtaimbaldo has filched from the cellar, and not to leavethem upon the table, exposed to the searching investigation of that careful guardian of her mistress's virtue and her absent master's property; and, lastly, he might exhort MIadame Bosio, and, again, Madame Didiee, when the brother of the first and the husband of the last return home fro m the Crusades, just in time to avert the danger which threatens both ladies, not to turn their back-s to their deliverers for the sake of addressing the JinaZ, " Sonoicanti di Vittoria," to the audience, but to welcome these~ victorious relations, with something like the ardour which under ordinary circumstances would be shown by an affectionate sister anda faithfulwife. The ddanogment is sufficiently abrupt without being sendered dramatieallyunnmeaning and ridiculous throughi the conventional apathy of stage-singers. It is not at aal likely that such &3ring adventurers as the Conte Ozy and his companions would quietly retire before rivals, whose reappearance, after a lug absence, scarcely excites the semblance of a reeoguition.
',HER MA. TY !ESS EATRE. We firmly believe that when, by 8 o'clock on Saturday evening, the huge audience had filled thewide space allotted for their accommodation in Her Majesty's Theatre, a feeling of general satisfaction was diffused over the whole assemblage, though the first chord had not yet been strack by the orchestra-tbough the first -wicked sister of Cenerentola had not yet uttered her opening phrase of self-commendation. There was the sensation of being once more in the old. house that 9had so long held an undisputed pre-eminence as the focus of everything brilliant in London society-the conviction that the world of fashion was once more at home Everybody as he entered looked round the edifice, just as, after an absence of several years, one surveys some residence of earlier years, to which belong a thousand associations more or less sentimental. The very sight of the boxes gradully filling round that vast arena and of the conversion of the vacant series of stalls into a compact multitude of welldressed persons had all the peculiar interest that attaches to the revival of a customwhichis universally failiar, and which, from some cause or other, has fallen into desuetude. All seemed so old, and yet so new. Faces closely connected with the establishment in the memory of former 7aZbitues were eagerly sought out and recognized; congratulatory nods were interchanged by the occupants of contiguous boxes. The interval of something likethreeyearsthathad elapsed since the same parties had met in the same place seemed to fade away like a dream, or like the trance of that monarch in the Eastern tale, who dipped his head into a tub of water, and, after passing through a series of imaginary adventures, found, on his emersion, that they had all taLen place within the limits of a second. There had occurred, indeed, a few trifling events to give something like a reality to 185345, and many within the period indi cated by those figures had found their geographical knowledge enlarged by familiaritywith such names as Sebastopol, Balaklava, Inkermaun, and the like, but that reality could hardlystanditsgroundbeforethespetacleof Saturdylast, so exactly did it fit the ancient order of things. We hear that when Old Style -as changed into the New, by an act of Parliament, declaring that the day immediately foUlowing the 2d of September, 1752, should be reckoned as the 14th, an indignant mob gathered together, shouting, " Give us back our 11 days !" Could we not, -with this old story in our recoUection, almost imagine that the elegant multitude of Saturday, finding the interval between 1852 and 1856 completely shrivelled nup, was inclined to ejaculate, "W what has become of our three years 1" Nor was there anything in the appearance of the house itself calculated to belie the notion that some great chronological convulsion had been effected. Had it looked very dirty, or, on the other hand, very bright with new painting and gilding, the link would have been broken-those three years would have had their visible record. Bnt, no; there was the house just as we had lefc it-neitherolder nor newer. There werethosesamepanels thathadfirst da7edthe public eye in 1846, just as they looked when toned down six years afterwards. There were those amber curtains that, in the same i846, had given rise to so much and such sharp controversy as to their effect on opera costume. The lava of Vesuvius had not more completely Preserved the rooms in the house of Sallust than some mysterious influence had. fixed all the contingent phenomena appertaining to Her Majesty's Theatre, that it might look unchanged on its resuscitation. There was theowhole affair all over again, under its most pleasing aspect-namely, that of being occupied by an audience that filled it in every part. One other circumstance of identity ought not to be overlooked. There was still the same manager as in the "goofI oldtimes," the same "-Lumley" to whom the public ha-i been indebted for refined amusement for such a long series of years, and for whom it had so often shouted on the occasion of some brilliant success. Certain we are that no figure was more thoroughly present to the minds of the -whole audience on their first entrance into Her Majesty's Theatre than that of the opera-chieftain, whose rule had been disMinguished by the debut of Jenny Iind, the immortal pas de (c qztre, and so many glories both of the lyric drama and of beclet. No sooner had the curtain descended after the conclusion of Cenercntola than the caUs for "Lumley" aeady began to mingle themselves with the applause at the performance. So mnch for the influence of the past, on the br iant public which, on Saturday night, was gathered within the walls of Her MIajesty's Theatre; so much for that love for old institutions which still exists in spite of the modern innovating spirit, provided always those institu. tions do not take the form of heraldic proclamations. Such influences while they promoted good humour, also hei6ghtened expectation, and, therefore, we should hasten to add that rarely have expectations been more completely satisfied than on Saturday last. The good humour that went in at 8 o'clock was heightened into positive joyousness before 12. Havin" secured Madame Alboni as his prima donna for the opening of the season, Mr. Lumley most w,isely commenced with Rossini's Cenerentola. DEven in the days u-hen that great artist ahnost exclusively adhered to the contratto line of character, in which she has had no rival since Pisaroni-of whom Ohe is the worthiest successor-" Cenerentola" was alvays one of her favourite parts. No contralto voice could ever be compared to Alboni's in quality and extent of register. The unexceptionable purity of the head-notes, and the exquisite mannerin which they blended with the natural tones, so as to make the whole range appear as if it had no break, were the results of persevering application and consummate art. By these means she was enabled to execute the florid 7neCo soprano mnsic of which Rossini has produced the most striking examples in his Barbicre and Cencrenltla, with as much ease to herself as pleasure to her audience. But, since leading parts of this description are rare (scarcely, indeed, to be met with out of Rossini's operas), and, like all great artists, Alboni was ambitious, she soon got tired of being confined within a limited sphere, and applied herself to study the varied, and more frequently " dramatic," repertor-c of the soprano. Seven years had sufficed to put to the best uses theinstruction and advice she obtained fromRossini atBologna(inlS44), and toraiseAlboniinherown depaltment to so high a position that further progress in the same direction u-as impossible. Besides ambition, however, there was doubtless another motive power impelling her to the step she contemplated. It is notorious that a nrin72 donna, in modern times, can only claim the highest rank and emoluments if she has a soprano voice. A contralto may be a prin2a donna, but not " assluta; ;" and 'who, knowing anything about the musical theatres of Europe, can be unaware that the soprano not only takes precedence of others, but pockets by far the largest salary? Alboni now determined to make a bold experiment. She had awakened the enthusiasm of the Parisians, who, with the instance of Jenny Lind to confute them, persist in believing that no reputation is solid unless Paris has endorsed it. But this was at the Jtalian Opera, in her own r6pcrtoire, and at the Grand Opera, in concerts. Alboni wisely declined to make her first appeal in a new language before so formidable a tribunaL She tried the provinces first-then Belgium, and then Holland. This was in 1S49. At Rouen and Bordeaux, at Antwerp, Libge, Ghent, and Brussels, at Amsterdamr, and the Hague, she alternately appeared as Leonora in Donizaetti's Favorite. Her success was triumphant. The verdict of these lesser Courts was soon ratified by the French metropolis, and in a remarkable manner. Madame Viardot Garcia, who had "created" the part of Fides in the Propkt&, was absent from Paris. Ever solicitous about the continuous run of his operas, tho anxious Meyerbeer was no indifferent -witness to the new successes of Alboni; and in May, 1850, co2noisseurs were startled by theannouncement thatthepopularconfrato was engaged for 16 representations of the 1ProplUtc at the Grand Opera. Perhaps, there was never more general anticipation of a Jfasco; but itis equaUy true that seldom has anticipation been so agreeably deceived. The Fides of Alboni was unanimously praised-notasacopy of her accomplished predecessor, but as a conception of her own. Even now that six yearshavepassed away, Fidesremains the character in which thePaxisiansmostadmireAlboni. DuriagthatintervalAlbon has twice visited London-in 1849 and 1S51. In both years she made her rentr6e with Ccnerentola-which, it will be remembered, she had first essayed at the Royal Italian Opera in 1S84. Carrying out her new plans, even upon the Italian stage, Alboniadded to her own special list of parts the soprano rAles of Ninetta (La Ga= Zadra), Zerlina (Don Giovan ni), Norina (DonPasquake), and Cherubino (lerNozze Ili .Figaro)-delighting amateurs of Mozart's music by singing the beautiful melodies of Zerlina and the Page without injuring their character by transposition. (She had already played Cherubino at Covent-garden, transposing both the airs.) The five years elapsed since this great artist last appeared atHer Majesty's Theatre have been chiefly divided among the Italian Opera and Acad6in-e Impiriale of Paris, the operas of Madrid, Lisbon, and Brassels. Her fame has augmented, and it is only just to say that she sings still better than before. The full rich quality of her lower tones may possibly have suffered a little from her constant performance in operas composed for soprano; but their purity remains untouched, while the range of characters has been materially extended. Alboni's method is the old and true Italian' method, of which no one posseses the secret so thoroughly. She never strains or forces, and therefore can never damage, her voice. She never sings Verdi, and thus has no inducement to rant. She has remembered, in short, the counsels of Rossini; and 13 years of a very arduous professional life haveleft her with a style and nmichanism incomparably correct, a voik as fresh and unimpaired as at the beginning of her career. To return to the opera of Saturday. No part is betteS suited than Cenerentola to display the peculiar resources oe Alboni. The quaintromance of the first scene-"- USA volta c'era un re"-is as channing for simplicity of exprdS, ion as for its grateful truth of intonation. She sings t4t as she sings everything-without pretence or affectatiosn leaving the melody to make its own impression. The fRnug scene of Act I., where Cenerentola comes on in a veil -a' the Prince Ramiro's ball, presnts a specmen of genuiiai largo di bravura in the broad and graceful delivery oE of which Alboni has no competitor. But the greatest exhij bitions of vocal s'ill are of course in the largo, "Nacqil all'affanno," and the rondo, `-Non piu mesta," upon whicit the curtain drops. The beau id6al of expressive singing,OS brilliant and unerring execution, is exempliied to admfr>' tion in these movements. Such state'y melody, such n lowing; natural, and graceful ornament as are combined in thq former died -when Rossini abandoned composition; and it i[ a pleasant thing, in this age of vocal degeneracy, to hear them from the lips of such a singe. As -an example of prodigious fluency, the rondo, by AlbonV' was never surpassed, most probably never equalled. iio instrnment could be more perfect; while from no instrsti ment could such sweetness of tone be made to accompany enunciation so rapid. In this rondo Alboni solves thd problem which is the despair of most bravura singers; her scales, ascending and descending, are equally true, equally at command. The ancient mastef3 of Italian song wera wont to insist that the most important task for a singer was to master t.e scale, which when done half the battle was gained, but, undone, left everything to be -ac. quired. Alboni has taken them at their word. Hence the facility with wlich she accomplishes the most extraordinary tours de force, and the seeming unconscious~ ness, while doing her very best, that she is doing anything difficult, 'which alone carries with it an indefinable charm. On Saturday the reception of Mdame Alboni was of the most enthusiastic kind. An attempt was made to encore "Nacqui all'affanno," and, though the] audience did not gain their end it was not for want of hearty goodwilL The great vocalist was reserving herself for "Non piii, mesta,'7 and when this brilliant performance was achieved the general delight was of that kind that its imperiounes3 was not to be resisted. The curtain rose again, wreaths andl bouqucts were flung upon the stage, and the dazzling axia was executed once more, the fair vocalist holding in her hand a large laurel crown that had ilustrated herwondrous success. The other operatic triumph of the evening was gained by x, Calzolari, whom the habitu,s will recollect as one oE the mnost distinguished vocalists during the latter seasons of Her M!1ajesty's Theatre. Re originally came out there in 1849 as Elvmno in La 50ounamlael'a, w hen 2ildlle. Jenny LAnd' took six farewells; and, afterwMards, as on Saturday, played Don Eamiro to the Cenerentola of Madame Alboni. lFamed as a tenore d'agiitil (to make luse of the strict expression), and p7articularly distinguished in the florid music of Iaosshni he displayed all his well-known abilities under most favourable circumstances, together with another quality, less generally familiar, namely, admirable presence of mind. On one occasion a tremendons n)ause took place. The orchestra timuidly repeated a few 'oars of the music,-the2 singers anxiously looked off the stage. They were waitingr forM.L Calzolari, who had last been seen as Don Rnuriiro disguised, and was nOw to appear asDon 31amiro proper 'When after a wrhilehe entered in his fine clothes a few sounds of disapprobationwere uttered, but he at once changed them into roars of laughter and applause bygravelystatinginrecitative, " I miei costumi non eran pronti." An interpolated air, which he introduced in lieu of "E lerche, o cruda, t'invo. lasti," was universally encored. The character of Dandini 'vas to have been played by M. Belletti, but on account of the sudden indisposition of that artist itwasundertaken atthe shortest notice by M.Beneven. tano, a dCbutant who has gained a high reputation in both Europe and America, and who, though chiefly distin,<guished byhis serious impersonations, generously consented to maka his first appearance in a part altogether out of his line. lUe sang the music carefully, but 'we catnnot consider that his. real talent is yet displayed. M, Zucconi, who made his d&bSt as Don Magnifico, is apparently one of those bisses 'who, without any great volume of voice, rely chiefly on the eccentric humour of their action. Everybody concerned in the opera haling been duly honoured,-AL Bonetti, the new conductor, having been welcomed with acclamations,-the principal vocalists having been all summoned before the curtain,-lU r. Lurnlev having been called till he came to the very lam3ps and acknowvledged the compliment,-and the anthem having been sung in that dialect which is peculiar to foreign lyrical establishments, thebusiness of the ballet commenced. Itisneedless to rem/ind those 'who recollect the Ceritomama. and the pas de quatre that the ballet, far from beingP a mere supplement to the lyrical drama, hasalvaysbeen an essential featureat Her Majesty's Theatre. Now, the new ballet, which is called Les Quatre Saisons,' is-as indeed it professes to be-little more than a dirertissc. mcnt, in 'which the principal dancers symbolize the various seasons of the year, each in an appropriate costum'e and with an appropriate retine, Nevertheless, it is rendered most remarkable by the d6b it of four danseuscs all of whom were utterly unmknown to the public, but all of whom have achieved a brilliant success. First of nll, there is Mademoiselle Boschetti, of a short, compact figure, the type of the steps she executes, which are finished to the lastdegree of nicety. This sparkling little lady, who denoteg Winter, is followed by Mademoiselle 3atrine-a Rtussian artiste, properly caled Katrinlha-of a tall, stately figure, who does everything on the broad, grand scale, proudlg floating through the air, where iWademoiselle Bos. chetti playfully bounds, and representing the triumphant Spring. Mademoisele Lisereux, tie Summer of the allegory, is a neat and elegant danscusc, somewvhat in the same style as Mlademoiselle Boschetti; andc Autumn, Madame Albert Bellon, distinguishes herselE by the facility which she goes through a series of the miosti graceful pos(s,'as she drops into the arms of M. Vaudris, a. rural gentleman, who flirts -with all the Seasons in sudcessla2, and,whenever it suits him, cantake the whole stage at a sIgle leap. In addition to the four " stars" already enu. merated we have another little sparkling danscuse in tho person of Mademoiselle Pierron, who "accompanies" the august Mademoiselle Katrine, and playfully reliev;es the effect produced by that lady's grand exploits. Thus we have opera and ballet again triumphautly started. for the summer.
THE PEACE BEJOICIArGS. (From the Obscrer.) A good deal of misapprehension exists as to the course ta be pursued on the day of rejoicing, on Her Majestv's birth. day, the 29th inst. It may therefore ba weU to placz matters in their true light. First, it has generally been believed, and has gone the round of the press, that on the day in question there will ba a grand review and distribution of Crimean medals to the troops at Windsor, at 10 o'clock in the morning, at which Her Majesty 'will be present; that, at 2 o'ciock, there will be a drawing-room, at 8 'clock a State dinner; and, afterwards, the fireworks.and the illumi. nations. The greatest portion of the above has no foundas tion in fact. Her Majesty will not go to Vindsor on the 29th; there 'will be no review in Windsor Great Park on that day; so that those 'who have been makiug themselves nucomfortable -with the anticipations of what they wouldf have to go through in such a laborious round of pleasra may now rest perfectly satisfied that their strength will not; be too severely tried. The only proceedings on Her Mlajesty's birthday 'will be the usual parade of the household troops,' the birthday drawing-room, the fireworks, and the illuminations. It was originally intended to have the rejoicings at an earlier period, but, as the ratification of the peace did not arrive as soon as was expected, ani as it 'was considered advisable to have a day of thanks. giving previous to the general rejoicings, it 'was determined to postpone them until Her Majesty's birthday. The review will probably not take place for some days after the 29th, as the troops from the Crimeawill not have arrived in sufficient force before then, and when the review does take place it will probably be in Hyde Park, in lieu of WIndsor, so that the splendid sight may be 'within reach oE all. The fireworks are nearly completed, and are exnected to surpass anything ever before witnessed in this country. Lord' Panmure visited Woolwich on Thursday, to examine into the state of the preparations, and to satisfy himself that the orders he had given 'were fully carried out, many of the directions and suggestions having emianated from him. The -fireworks 'will commence to be let off at half-past S o'clock, or as soon as it is sufficiently dark, and wRll probably last from three to four hours. Ia each of the parks the cha. racter of the display will be entirely similar, and the fire. works 'will be let off at the same time, and in the same order, 'with a view that the spectators in any one of the parks may not fancy that the display is better than in another. By the adoption of this course it is anticipated that much of the in. convenience of overcrowding 'wil e obviated. 'Withresjpect to the illuminations, much 'will depend upon the puboE. The Government will illuminate splendidly all the mora prominent public buildings, and it is hoped that the public will follow their example. As far as we can learn, there appears every probability that the illumination wMill be very generaL Wit respect to there being a general holy. day, there seems to be almost but one opinion. The city people are almost unanimous in wishing that -the day may be kept a close holyday, and the same feeling is generally shared by the tradesmen of the metropolis. In ord'er, however, that the day should bo closely kept, a short art of Parliament would have to be passerd, making the holyday a legal one, otherwise the utmost confusiort anc' irregularity would follow. On public fast days and public thanksgivings by law, bills, &c., falling due on sueh days are payable the day before, but as the coming day of re. joicsng is neither a public thanksgiving nor fast day, but merely a holyday, bills coming due on that day would have to be paid. The objection raised to the adop. tion of this conrse is, that already in many of our principal towns public rejoicings have already taken place, and that to appoint a general holyday for the whole country would press very heavily upon the working classes, -who wouldi thu have lost two days' wages. Still the merchants and bankers of London are anxious for the holyday, and have pressed their mews npon the Government, but it is not probable that the Government wUi interfere in the matter further than they have. In addition to the fireworks in the threa parks nd on Prhmrose-hill, it has Ltfely been decided to have a fifth display on WoolwicTh.comon; so that now al the principal parts of the metropoliswi have the same advantagtes.
SALES BY AUCTION. Fhul-COMPas P'ianoforte;, by Broadwood, Stodart Gauge, Eroad biidge. DalT, Tomkia, 1'rcmi Ha;rmoni7ma by Alexandre, Seraphlne by Green, do.ble-action HEaps y.rzrd, Violins, Corno- Guit&i Drum, Freneb Koms; Tr peta, Twro U*jogyin. IIJESSS. ELY ad C. wllSELL by AUC£tI~o~,at2l Ol Bon-steet,onWdneaaynxi.May14. at I Celar of. abaoA 3M doceu of cbelc d4'WlsDme aexetely sar. nex. XY I.-x- 2 Sr I bj.di~6j o -te- OpgAO.1'TtfJ theasa braed in" o-,33418Kikd'M an&somneexoeediagly old andOfUuck and gnm f th&bea- 'pi; 30dosen of Sb---y.-andia few lotent 'Big, 1y ah Xo,' dl Sateine. ac. Samples, 71127biobtalnea on pa eat, far tiio *1.AmZ4 de i F-Z-qure.-Itxelle,t modern Fluead'UridMI.-zi, ble Ctim-a hey wnd Pier Clasiees Cousolbe with ~ ijiabls tots bajsdse.a Services of richly cut Gtea and Xroua-toa. China, Bied and TAble oliu, eboiut 3O vols. .of Books, small Cellare'a cliir aie aot5dzn, capita newly-bui1tprivate (Jrnl'bits Travelling Chariot, Mill rhae- toR and v&sious Elfectda the uroperty aot the Ilaes CAt. Sitbthorp2,..' 1 I SSJI.S. FAREEOTHEIt, CLARK, and LYE: -harig dispored of th;e reseona ari instruted.by tE xecretoe to TELL,,,a th e rezio4se 41, Fatonsaquare,. ons Xe9dey. a 20. HOLD wUIng d at-12'each dsay, tho xeln oe IIsE nhez edrawing room maite o crimson dlglrairtin curtinss to four windo*awAiwth roaawood couchesi, chairs, anid ottoman oovered vvjth the Nurse,'t chairs oovered in strip4deatin, dire scrteas. &%.hadsomcryed giltcooeanpirte jl cAOIainmarble tops, noble cimneyasI -yeg -stlsc,. del; cete, card, and eccsslpnal tables, davenports, bec,, a. captalsetof pansh naogan, dirdIn tablee, pedestal' sdeboard, and .1~ih aitrs chirscovreiu2uoroomx.hbbear7 tables, bookcases, and eheis~'~o voumesof booksa great yaro-cy of mitlitary camp anid pae,1 &cdaa2s sad' Chnisbbs patent iirepr -of iron Safs, eedboxs, odJewel casket, :.itho-easer fmuriturea cousists of hsinsom for-pet, raban..~dressth bedsteails, excellent tedding, iLhbrpe,.,nlnyhd bal,mAlsgany wiiniced and other wardrobes, ~hes~Of er tt' ails marhie.-top washistenaii bleraliswd dressing~lsee,Br -srnsto .ine r,ersli-ei, richly- cut gl&s,k sad themr.susita o th doestcofies ; sals A capitalnel builtpriTate orsatbuswit ahftis~ghea, pined dtark *ruin, by- Idaver aud lloyal)t a travllig carit, nd oua pbeto. ~ain.e.And stablee utensis. Staybayewedtbedayprecdl~and onsngeof zales. Cuatloguesbaad oil he ~eesmra: f Meesrs'~rohasnand rocter, solicitor-s, New-- Squte. sssols~s.an and t te oiceof esee, 'rbrother, ClsrX - &disil qushse, Yroebold. IMute,7 aad.~ ~-be4mci1ul itesidisuc en Gi-ouruis, known sas Sertymead iy_ .situatteat Aeton, About fourmailes anulahalf from thomtri rh.hd-ak lrEssuS. PA_REBROT"HER,_CLARK, and LYE AlA have received inskuti-udsa froatsth- oowtir to offer for SALR; 53- samrrway's, on Wednesday, Way2l; at 12, a71tZEIIOLD ESTATE, Of unuecal attractises, )mowna aBs2erryjnead-l'iory. situaLte at Aceoa, -About four antisand a haft-from ;theMarbleArch, Hyde-pak, OS sedming all thoe Arnis of lIsa country, saud -the avrantages o:f lvn w-ithin 20 mlnuteis'drive Of the mettropolis lzy one of the Mott delight. tlu approaches. The re-sudeoce Is an elegant-strctnre of-the Tudor. style at architecture, approached through an: ornamental lodge en.trpase.--suzvoumded by beaatif ulgrorwis of about-15Oacrea, mnost pictaiIreequely diverr-,Sed byiwalks, rossresee And i1aitezrre plntedwith-every I rziety of flowering ehirmb, -enlivened bya lake ot wateri and studded with stately timber. Th& whole entirely'enelogsed by a brick walL The arrAtigemewta -of the' reahesice-lare amsple- foe- the accDnmumodationL of .a family of distinction-'comprisbing on-the upper fioors, 8prApL- an eodaybi chambeys,_' and a ath roami, a' uotle &xtranc-el-'hag 'W-1h-gro-a1n": riio FUd tesaeaated- lour, s.n legnt rawng oom39 by 2D ft,dedg,sn,1 'and finished under the Sopelxseadnce f einet docoratorsawitis great taste ; a dilnumr room £~ byO ft. the alls partig aeled' 'and lluirhedin crimsn cloth ; a Ubrrvfttewih bokcses'tew,,llsooTeredwithblne cloth'z acapt. tel illardroo 30 21 feet ad asmokdin~roam ~22byl4 ft.; canssooneatng,bothnc osued;the prinit-il 'bed chambers and recetionroos fae thw-et an ar fitted withplatesglass windlows. The ometicappintents are' aniVe and complete, the whole in the bee posile tae ct secrateeandaubstantnil repair. Screened forom thelsonsby plan a udsaa'hrubberieti, are the outbuildings, consist- ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~lie-.. stil abineg, and fie los oe itdwt l ovnecsOf hot and cold water, a caiae dmcyci.safo exerciainq, a paddoc4r, and kitchen garden.Tevrpnyisaueatysplidwt line waer. May e lltwe by cards.only. ith bo had of Messrs. r- heathr Clr,adLe.Lancse-le,trn;Owhm ayb Co..sliiosWawc-tetRee-ere da;Grra'. First-class Shtop Plroperty, prodiucia £90 prannm Tj][R.2OBT. KEW{YOX WiIISALL by AUCTION~, at the' Mar on Mfoaday next, atiprecisely, excellentLEAISEstreet, Portmau-rQuare, containing asho6pa,ndl Isoams,incapitairepair, a considerable sumof monej~havissgxe6eetlyjbeen expendedupon them; held onlease attheyverylow groundrent of £7per annum.Fior rticu'laesapply at the 'Mart 1 or to Mr. Robt. Kenyon, auctioneer, 1, i~r.t1.alt-chambers, Copthali-caurt, near the BankL C.sisitat Leeasehold Shop Prsoperty, 'Botolpb-laile, city. producing a net - -- Rental of X~31 per annuum for the whole Term. 'lr. ROBT. KEN-YON-vill SELL by AUCTION, tI& at the M%art, o n Mionday. next, at 1precisely, a capital LEASII OD COFEE-OUSE sitate o.2A Botolph-l-ane, in the cit ofLonon,letonlaseor he hol ted,at aprofitr-ental of £31 amid:t CLoiamn solcl oa,5 road-streaet oalEcage rt ucersbr; rtoXa tbt. Jfenyon, auctioneer, 1, -Copthall-chambesCphaicut ner.otil-cir,earttheBaank.-.. 'A vey desrablePrivae Iteidenc pro ucig£4rer nn andnet ardn n herea panedathtresand shru sl. Held o enlce aplyat heMat: o :Rig,Esq~ lcitor ce,Barge-yad Bocieabry;orto~.I. to Twikenn,haucine,m -Ophl-hm 'MR- CAIN -is telt SELL by OION oUCTIePON, MaA m1se. at ltebfaor ila3 THI w DAYul.EIDN. Ma1,a 12 fror 1,the romdernsl houIIe,and iardeb, at present tnheabove reidn of the ti 8 usuandescripction May be alle ofedsaupondeaytan orsiengtiofnal, anda 91cataogues7 haliontheremisesa, almtit4 a ndst the auctionee'sofliceseKng Ki-treet, Rich mona, d. ' ESf1j R S.AI D s iNstrAte t SELLR byan CTION,wl MSlA LL, tthe Tir tees, theHg'sredt, CTeiknh-ari. To-morrow 1tha 1, at ed:,2 fo. 3 a usant Fidayl1 welbist. REISIDENCE,InFgoodr plair. pituae amidsbeing wof S. lynrw weengts ihiable conal,niangeigh droossa &:,wah-oue,ndee attrde,lnen,at furesnituron hand,E'n bu efftects. smiledannul ale of £13. .1k Eu'gishcopabd oftemnanWrtofesbyhlead-i 8s-:and ' shubjy tet o1l3th andu of& pn eth ort. t alioentMIo,ANdTa iay ndbervieledo. brticules. aind conusitando isus alead sfMe saeaclay, solicitr, dre ahisbn-asquarot, sitt-street; sedg ftheupi aucind offber Ylu Kbing-streiewt,ihmondaypeeigech-yo,a Thre Das'se.-ichSils, SihWatin, arntVingtet Wrorcestes, Cap-l pael. rknard'tff rms-ngharie. hiMESSRS. DEBEXaAcl -STORw5land-LSON will TIOBLL atthelrRoomes,oapandee,Cmparteut.gadc:WTrks DAY, 12at. Wenesa y. lit, niray lfth int 1 reiey,MIS thoNIS, incRuMInSpEcegosi a e lnts, tahionablke Shawls mantaiLes dresses fro gntlemng attne,le, otnpiiure, carpets and~7 sueffcs Twp'dos, bvg, builttberiliae.En elishand boinera hatche bythex leadstoro roDnis- rom-warg makers,Siverlate e MESSngESachho. ,lag E eB adeNI* .T ~ ,adS ntw me.tora hin nae x~tdoms,ingseet.oyxo.axn.Tomrrw and 'Dthubrdy. the 13the and -ltw instnd atl~loeBIL anT diaondh bracelets,o buroches, ings' ins, anid sn asieslepae ucislum lever andote duplexfwtchsi p ob I adsle ae ytebs moyprireto dre saleg- anse paithsiclvendpae itns n te a propert O ndve the lease-mrcdsgec ay ofesale harnESSESd.a auciocrsE andic MOt il ELby C AATI ,atteCrooke Soap and Co mposite C.L dle Works.,SE OI Bhremlly foa.nearBirmingham. To-emorrowgStMay 1k, aothe1recisey,thoe<aluabPluabtaodextensie,ofanStonenientef,ncloead MANUFACTURei.- PItE--MI6SMe,ban orA.iF. knwna the Crokoe Soapi asrmind Ca Lndle. WokTIfON tin the WborcesterCnl, oorowina Ware of3,74t squaredwy yaerds,mavinng buiTOChre enin an b0oilEr housLE, withUexCelen nighsigns hlt, And fopoiebethgh, laboraor, bortarching and pckstaine oas storlesrooms, rop'axrhcured. Sc. lo,nzesn -forabempan ansdweling-hurse, cnitinkln,cahhue,lregre n m-ngo ,wt sugiiets space ofeetadeditional paild kthftings,-epwl,an evrclosesibl a onK e dpiabtaextensivayDe' prmatent rehl'on lease fraor, 99 bensfomthe 9th, logerfininte gr 1ats. 'a thper ae~1ognd ]lwrs ereyntefw314. so, iper n hayn3 wthe prileeon paor,hainzg, -aot' safautiog, thgers andght-hor eetndeiigsteam e1p ngi Dne,rlnew--ompsie tubularesteam blersatby ditoga, citern-pum orderoftherucerfu pl gant. h prenusesmybe vurituewe an dlassegprior tieale,toand partiuars hia'fothero, wherge Veletplan oCath rperty.arod rnthles,niap ben; DinngRom,Th Abirpaly samid BidramnAppointmenSosp andCompositue,Casdl Wueroks,USally - andthe Omile froutnlnghae,o-under i Execution.nSei,oehrwt hvla Plant End ixtrs,o b cearito andoune sad iso Mnufactuer.-o AL IONby At The .a bWaeom~a aboveWok, To-mro,M13atinapreciel, the13 reainn S2thewoCK of ah coPOSIT CARN DLU E an U IFECTSTuludE,incuig handsom lb. prichly plaited- stearin woipo. an0 gross o Iandle, as~i, pih aper, churd,nbe,ls th-e vealuarbleplan amdoxurles.n coianige hofe enahelled iopans,wt fitting s, h c lt o aosets an. Fought' prawent' nobetmia, Doesn p tient irnsardframes, chevbloctdingtins,g glaroein%n varpts. coppin. er;and eleadwnts nearlyntew, sueoap cbpers, two ges cand-irndupans, halgs, -irotliafaiha,nrggers, ad bands,400ve feet oblng. tablesrc, trockhrfacytals, shlig attoigcutigheousn fittin-d wit lthe-*usul eleats oveavste-pine: candlea pairdfc coaparqueteri. ilabets abilted theo da prior .and umorningsae Cratalogue hadm olzncthes pere- glases,utaubrilianttned a tta-LgePoany.orte,lreelt-ieC- pe UC,TPOf.Prn ts, b le;Dining 5 Roam,Lbar.ahBdRo Appoidantents aaFuntr, a nd numerous UsefulEand Oniamntarly new. eT nera arn pexsecution cutn &,Iurr. -po te lfeofthe -enann t orn he isntutdt including handsome(and rfichalycre,plafo-os and Arabtonld sAingle h3la 'was-stans and. fittins,, cwiheasofmhgayad.a lounges, andusdslgingtehaity, ofthaondonme amin rchy ubrvd o oblng 'wr,cr,adohrfncytbe.cefnr itdwt D1 Ak0Nh' (of 23irchin-1ane) wi1llSELL byAUC-' iNLTA.IoN. at the Mfart, on Wednesday, May 21, at 12. in lots, by direction of the Executors, a resPectable and comamodlious DWRLLING-HOUSE, No. 23 Seething-lane, with large-shop, aLnd a roomy hOuseinthe rear of same. let toMy. Hiackley, on lease, at. a yenr- acapitn; public-house, Imowin as the Pompion. Seething-lane anad dweliin--houminthorear, iet on leas to, ad in the occupation a. &r. Jonese at £69 10e. a year ; 'also three roomy howB forming tnie remainderof Crown-coart, let to hr. Jones, At £3 ayear. The peemies -may be viewed, ann printed Particulars obtained of Vessrs. Tatham. Upton UptonandLJoLson. solicitors, Austintmsa; and of MI*r 'Barnes. 19. Rirchin-laie, 'Lomberd-street. Desirable ResidencandvaluableGroundEentst in-he cityof Bath.- By Aft. ALE-XANDER, at-the White Lion Hotel, Mkarket-place Bath, on Thursday. Mzy=between the hours of ' and 5. tsmbject to suchconaliutonisms ashall bethen and there produced,l inlote, Loll, 4t--L that desirable 'Residence, No. 37, Henrietta. ,,3sre.being the corner house of Laura-place, having a frontage tovwards both, now in the occupation of Mr.Pre. The dweling-house comprises drawingroomr, diningroom, breakat room, bathroo, six sleepinr- roons, al o ample dimensioni together ith itcben, scuery, excellent cellarage, and all Other convenient amid oommodious offices. These presises are held for the remainderef a term, of which upwards of 30 years are unexpired, and will be soldsubje' tof aground rent of £618s. per annum. lot 2. A wet secured GroundE ent of 6 6s. per annum, issuing and payable omit of certalin premises belou "m to and formsing part. of latcadown Honse. Hanover-place. On the%fth"rod, nowun eoocupationof James Dunn. Esq. Tha lot'WMlbeEoldfor therema7inder of aterm of 7lyears, omnsenclng26th March, 1789. Let 3. AGroundRenitof C13s. 4d., Isngand payableouto twodwelling-hous in Picadilly Waloot, formerly in the occupation of Messes. Bryuant and Gilling, but now of Mr. Gifford. This lit 'will-be o ld for the' 1-eniatnder of a term Of 917 years, commeacing 22 Augutst, 1740. Lot 4. A Ground Rent of £10, Issuing and paable out of two other meguages or dwelling-houissin Piccadilly waloot, formerly in the occupation of Mr. Attins and Mr. Turner but now of mesy Biarton and the liss-ea Baker. This lot wil betold forthe reainde etoa term of 96 'years, commencing 19th December, 1789. Lot d.oA Ground ltent of £G63C. par anmura, issuing amid payable oat of two~ oilier messua.ges or Awelling-houses, in Pircdly, 'Wisalt, formerly in the occupation of Mfessr Gifford aud blrtten. but now of Mr. Blake amid M-, adfield. This lot wlt be sold for the remuinder of a term of 95 years, commaencing 25th Marc'h, 1790 DAt 6. A Ground Rent of £25 4s., issuing. and payable out of those fire sevYer-al dwelling-houses, being No& 12 3.4, and 5, Hanover-place, Bath-road, formerly in the occupation oflfusers Greeniaway, liomball, Holditeb, Milton, and Palgarbhut noV7of,3Mr. Hardinr. 1Mrs Barne and others. This lot 'viii be sold for the remainderof a term of 93 years; and a quarter, commencing Dec.-21, 1702. Toviewthe same apply to, the tenants, and for all further pirticular to the suctieoner, Bro*d-stree~ Bris-tol: Mr. Johnx WIeroer, solicitor, 20, Hamiorer-terrac ila,Netting-hill, London; Hesss. Whitilagton and Gill. MoUlictos-a B*th; or to Mr. HemryDavIMr solIit, WestoarV-aer-Xxre, The .ibirary of the lAte Samuel Rogers. Egq. ~J~JESRS. -HRISTI and AJS0SLN respectfully notce hatthy wll ELLbyAUCTION, at theirgreat Room THI DAY(Moday) May2, ad fur foUlowing dlays, an-d on -caay.-th 19h. t 1preisey, y oderof the 1:xecutors, tho wholoftsee-teniye nd hresingLIUIARYof Samuel.Rogers. ry rSe,L% Dresden, Chele, s1Orieutal Precelain, aud, Decorative Ojcs ~7I,ESSS. CHRSTIE and M N O epcfly -JJLes.aice,thatthey sql SELLb UTO tterg ItoemTHIS AZ Ma12 all preiey eycoc OLCIN tinlly~Eat OjetsofDecorative Art, th pprty fa etlmn ~ib Itrceai oixeiesfine wad rare orental se,isrsan bottts an oherpieesof g1reat beauty;, a pair of very fine: £dreg ~~~ a ~~~beautiful sot ci thresiedlxinlares, compotires p easr, ad oherpiees,a noble vet of vases of the5fnestr peaiifflesde4 a eautfultea andI COffee eyrvice exquisiEtely pained.als cloes pecmsns of 1ierlia andi Vienua. six Tases of old Cesaof the sigbe4 qlaiyand rapor-llean, and some curious4 pieces of other early nlihware; alotome exqluisite Dresden snutf-boxes, Ane old1 Frenc elcs tla iqe cecuta bronzes. and oeigautdb.. -nota vith pAnel ofpero-adpausOf lisr-ye, Xay oe vieved. Thursday.Pry. .z adStrapecin.aud ceataiogues had. - Foreign Lsgar5 et~oa geun,old. first.clasasult,welutrd 2Th~fEsS PL O INS -will SELL yA CTO ,at Mttsaart,enWedneelayandThursdayn,e alOL FOEG LCIt5A1S, of drst-i-cas quality, and in thebtcodin;otd to Suit privste purchasers. Oni 'jewv (with ettceio onnso Sale, Uan a saauple box of each opened for jepcie n tsig Eleantmoion ~1irllcy.loo-se Tlirint of the) purest,leater, fine -GOld Chainig. Gold and Silver Watches byemntonnmae, antiqaue and rnsdern Plate. P'lated Good.CiIn,ik,Sans Velseta, Superl"ue Clothe. Dot-kins,% and WeaigApae,fo 3lrs.bliraini of s-ines*-street. MESSES ROBlS m,U SELL by AUCTION, at os,Psc-,Covent-garden, on Wednesday. May 21, at lit, legat usdun EWl(LEIt. comprisin-g fiLe single-stone, halfhoo, castr,briliat,ruby, and emerald r.nps trilimant end other broohes vey de losebrilliants,, lne gold ,%u,r Ajlbert, and neckchans,gol ansiverwatclhes by eminent Lcudsn makers oldaund Silvr enlfbxeo,antque nd oaern p~late in watters tea caddies, mug, ta slo,ernt fasos, Poons andlorks:, plated, goods, clocka c, On vew he ay rie.-OeatPiazza. Qovcnt-gsrdcn. Priss.2.00 cossof tee Pes, maoga-stop Gonut-er. &c, PUTTICK andSiMPSON, nutioncers of literary Lprltrty, wIll SEL yACIN at their great Room, 1Si, Piccadilly on Monda. May iii and threfolevu.as.aagcL LECIO o VlubleBOKS to ibAryo olco,Ct'rrn Mann nirys ury tel.;Prns uihsl,os es stamps.~~~~~~~~~ena ~DUTi'CK an SIMPON. actioneers of literaryv L:*,epert wil SKI, byAUCTON, t their great roomn. 151, -Picaill o. Iloday Say 6,andfolowngday. a larxe CtOI,LEC. TfOFf ~.USI. inevey c"e--mendng0Portio~n of the library of the ntoHos. 0 0.Callgha, cnsitin cheflY of- %eal music, nlEo selctins romthelibaris o amteus ad professi,n~al gentlemen, eutpriineolecioc o qurtts,an oterconcerted inusic by the bes coposrs -c.Themuscalsasrusenta comprise a 7-octave gedel ianfoee b Erud,Othr panoorts.als hacinonitum. violins, vioonells.Ac Caalgue wllbe sent. on plication. Consignments 13UTTICKand S1IPS , auctioneers of literary -L -PraoProy, will SELL by AUCI t their great IGom, 191. PijecadlIlly, during the present imonth,. ag COLLECTION ofmict laneous }2(GRAV1ING3, consisting of toogahy ortmits. and ether interesting subjects, nearly iro teame evtrcoarSirijnge and Pla.ntingsbyancientaard modem Inasters copiigmanY pleasing Spteiiauen. CetaloZuceswlvibe sent on aplini A Putie ottheLibaryor th lain J. G.Lokrt.Is. DUTT1CK and sIMpSON, auctioneer fltrr -pProper.tr,ill SELL by AUCTION, atthigrt oz.11. Piecadilly, during the present m.en*h OLINo h L tAltY of the laeJ. G. Lockhart, Eeq., cossigchelfvaluablermoder books, the works of standard authors, a few boso prints, &e. chIsjocose will he seat en receipt-cfit D tstsanps. Rae .nhsaand ForeignBooks Vis )fto ~Sha,9pelrels Worls (16231. &c, DPUTTICK aind SIMPclOIqu, auctioneers Of literary IL prperly, wil SELL by AVCTION~, at their great Rooma. 191. Piccadilly, dnrin- the preent monith, a vey elet COLL-.( TIOx of Eaglil and Foreign BOO-S(. compri aing some; rare andi early Enaylkl theological and bi-Avrical pieces, rowe tracts, a perfect copy of thje 1irst Editiont of Shalaspeare's Weoeks, in folio, wuith the poCrtrait 1162.11;- Walten's Angler, the fieat five editions; the Chroniicles of Hiall, larding, GraftIn, as., original editions (duplicatts of sense, with variations): alto the celebrated Polygott Bible of Cardinal Itirmenes. andathat of WaIton, with the Lexicon; Fathers4 of the Church (Bndciecdiloe;Spanirh chronicles aid historicalmworks: a eooipbete set of the 2'oatu:admanyotber curious and sore articles, Catalogueswillbee sent-on-r c tOf tore Stamps. - IPeel ahm, Ielingtnn, and tit. S,tarylel.oue. jl[.EDIVIN YOUNG ill SELL by AUCTION, J3.Lat he art enWedesdy, lay14.in litr, THRtEE capital IIESfIEOES inMasboruchroa, Pekam Two private Unusem mUpei-Beieron-tret, alsloias rod;and a small Etante, proelsiingiEl pe anum, itute n Prk-fet ana Xewe-street mows, tenants, RI . YOUNG -udll SELL by AUCTION, at the AlMart, on Wednesday,]Nlay 14. a ver capital l''iOl'EtTY, Nos. 49 and 50, Richmonjd-street. and 1, Short-street, producing about 440 15cr imnum, and held fec maore than GOI years. 1'articularB xmay be obtained at the Mart ; of Mresses,Mhtrtint-au andl B, id, ertlicitors, 2. Rtaymond-buildings, Gray's-inn ; and of the a suctionieer, New Church- stetwest, Edresesre-road. Oli-sottle Pots.Sherries, ularets, block phampoe. and Sp'irita, ~jESSRS. J. E. I0UDI)lCK and Co. have been ilL lavoured with instructlons to SEL byACION, at their itoomis..i1lA, Oxtard-stret,. on W',NV sa.Sa 14, at 2 tnent punctually,sa las-ge parcel of flne extremel liWXt asd SPIIOATS. The weines mnaybDe esanpled and tasted at.the 0111ce, andl catalogues had., £11 does-u in alL, tobe volt to eas-er an 2Tadvlce, Anerley, lioerey.-Furniiure, Plated Articles. eald Effects. 1III. JOHN BURFOEl) sillSELL by AUCTION, -iL n the Premises, 6. Pairk-tt-race, Anrtrlery, on TIsun-day. May 15. at 12, capital PFVtNITUltE: comprising mahogany Arabian and other bedsteads,wardrobe and ch2nilier sittinge, timepieces by Frodsharn, dining and leo tables, cleias in damnasl and horzehatir, chisnneyglasses, carpets, curtains, 'plated tea and co'ffee servi(~e. and niumerous effects. On in-se on Wednesday, 14th. anid catalogues bad at the aucti oneer's offires, 20, Thrcorusrton.street. city. lay Sir. JAIWZEP RUhCHOI4, by order Of thu Trustee under a, deed of atljhnaent, on the premises lately occupied by Mr. William Henry -Jui,nms in the Cknouerci.11-buididigs, Leeds, en Wednesdlay, May 14, at 11 forenoon,- A LL the valuable Stock-ia-Trade of a Lithogra -LX pher. consisting of beren presszes, rcli,rs, st-nds, lithegraphi stonjes, and other impllemnents b,eloniging to the trade of a 1lithographler. one of Idilner's patent vafes.a large otiantity oftpaper.cards, desk, 0111cc furniture, gas fittings, an~d eth,w roperty ; three oi thie preses 'were mnade by Mepsvrs (Irig, of Edinburghi. For Isermissies, to vicar the, property previous to the sale, aznd for catalogues, nr'plieatinn to ba miade to 'Te. Witliarn iilashell, nenuntant, L0. -Albon-strcel,Leeds& Old JeWsY.-Capital Household Furniture and Effects. sen-nine old ~~-~R ARB I~~aintmgs-, he. AI[1I ARER wvill SEILL b AUCTION, on the Premses 24 Ol Jery,on Thu rvdy, M,ay'5 atl preucisely, b- ordeothe~rpreto, emoin, herEmraiingIURN2ITU~ ;LE-,ni-riinggoo maogan for-pst nd japanned bedsteads, sEastoned beding maogay wrdrbes chstsof drawers, wash-stauds.drcmu-M tabls ad gasse, eegat cosseole table and glas ov-er, roseavood l a evagons,10 cairs in airloth sidboar, tw libaryt-ables;. easy chairs Si-ocave cainet lanofure in rsewoodcare. alnal-le eil. paitins b te od mstrs.1(0ves. f bok. Busslsand Ifidder. Ver-net mder Fu~.dure Pantigs,Engavigs, a few lots of 1~rJSSRS OXEHAMand SO-NS wil SELL by on! ucin,e t eaPreise-s PatheiS A. y1.a 2 h vyerynhatmodKernt -UemniTUR Furcluding male dawingr room charoandwonch. leo, ecard,endthe Pitables, chimney glasres,e praint. Hnayand engrav, ings. anduesfecta n tecres c, rba n ecbEdStea., wiHbEddING aondtee wne SOrNroewi th S Look by AIn-s pACINels, e end enc o the usaabdch ter uritur,ia in aobund gas., Smeroususnefland ternai entt nfe ffoets May be viewedy on aturdayth cndmornsing iof besale.adsctlgushd and matfsa,j.)nc Meshsrs.Oxndand ollicee. 323, Oxford-streett,corear thecPantheon. Sydeham.Kent-Iteabda Furitur, Sed-gran Peoianofot by. Hay isa stack, W~Ine an Efcatls. e TheACTON atfirn Copeso reidence ofth latwehWillam ictieuxo. Ess Gyeras eat Nhbthen eight mraiegstone Lon iclsnaedy. a 14,ep Nathe coprsng DaidRonbedste adso a indmtatteses Caplnnediuo waushsmld antis dressringtals, glassedss,Ymhogny ognd the tables, a rieturn oao hook ease,cninh, easychirs.y widndsdcrains eaandtglt.crnies cOT hAndelier BAnd lamp , panob thir Rdooens, aintings by trldt, byorerociof c.e claenceutorrig in texcellentB Conoitio wiE paet xe, aps n hay instac,cuiATEaD miceoaeos, artcles.ando efcts.maylet _v ewped on Tuesda,1t inerst'san catloge hadn cosi thean premuises ;a th3-e,srayhue Innae. Sydncihuernaando Monessr. HerringandDeSun, 109. Goorea-tu:Exountien,fo drawi' Cnutngslby L ouis urgedaJoedhnash,-d and avidRobets;alsoan Iprtnt rollection ot val able~Ros ByAolTItAifadrARRTT at therROm,22 letsretcm, by orde of theet dyadSidyecpe)by%'eofteExecutors of the late I.d.Coe s. W. bU TCooke. 1.q.teclboote, encludiof Turoe omplet 1 copiesCE ai E -robertgs Iely land,h conesirt tands moungte Cyte?scLk Scene.,, coloTurnedra wil1 ountd Adn SolandeMioeratc, cotourettndrsonteCat;hag bal Coernrtandinople, citrurcde.dniolentd Fingeifaltoysnpgaletrye of bnttsei prots Indih proofs; VCoast,n Galler cuogmplete;Irttrof'TCathedral atrtdnd Ac ntcualAntitintbers. llndvole. (lalriedesPeiire pa La rim I olt n-ro o-mWyatt'seIdsrial o Reynlds' V~oks, vol.; ad nuerou foterspequall vauble Eantde interesting. ~ ~ erditngise Bfts day ad Seaayexepted, byorderofute Eelptiorof x sthlates andIi Cooke,Blsq. TheonasbFreemdangrhaverg of Turnterslwrkest. r t'ionof iCEaual E nstocll t bi newthemfinst stdates. to tngspt thodsetation St. tW, TureneibRasilwby.fandAnient asnth Mp-oade TitalyYancien Crthagnde, bere uryinanddrgs.Vence,the fuGCneldei his thergrand whorls in the choces kste;ScpofbyEtlk -alie Webste Catem- e an al h te ititnse rts RiiA. PI-'AKE to SELL by AUCTION, in lots, ons IL Thursday and Friday. May 15 and 16. at 12, upon the Premises, situate in New-walk. Shad 'Than us Horselydolrn, and the Rtalwary Axcbesaecine-rac,llrj'dOy.te emiinipn -,cnitn of about 5,160 PLAXERS, Deals, and BTten, septawn sAdvwaon, 20t loads ofprimetaon tei tiherms lovigs, neses f foml~ Guetosin.in ah i ouanty of pine pak Saig ors MathlnnS,SRS. May beAseYe twhaysvere-sies ad mornings ThevPepeuablen Avo deon,withbl KetR PresentaiontoThe Livng e Getin,i the Rctouny of Guse th iereuandependent tof th0etr fGeti hc dlgt fuly stuae,e inte beautiful anoefh isrc -twenHsig a andt icesubstaboutl fouRr milesr rmtefue aefefo h olytter. Tyeparisyhe consistsoe butn33are,teppuino abo 1ut 50.uTe iths r bae bencmue inretcag f£1 borannu, ineendVcermnt soflhs nhp rud,cnisigobu acres Ther art 7sar fch e andorfirst-cassarecory-oueof moshut' substantalhaster, wenith atabeing o.rand Meldce, erectasedurn ony lat er. byASN the preentedcysrnbea 21. wor. i the 11thf' year ofbi aold cbuarz:.tbreulrumayer obta inedfraf cns. Raleess Raord, tatongp,slicANf t0e Oxfourd -poCabsdg jaannid Arabia thedslac fads JnUo withase.ginstprnwey1. boat,rn atteresow a. bedn, rn Chsshrdt(burci,bedan tabl-GeniL-n. cbfeta of drs.werksi, deceased-t dresainz tables ard w3sh-stands, with orngmental littingr, elliptic tiud other dmrwers telescope~ dining tables. wralnut loo ditto, small mnRIble ditto, elegant'inlad marble.top pier tahle, set of 12oSpg,nLh rnabogsn]F chairs, reclining ditto and couches ottomana, Pedestal fldceoard. window eurtaina with rilt corices and brass poles, cLirmney end ether brones, fe boos. pintngs nd pint, dessrt and toe, chin a.st ~la~ mder dnne sevie (50 icesl ivryhandle table knires and erls, atet kifeclener kiche reuistes liundry fitfin~.s ironl rollr, cals he.Also bypesmasic. acatb,h5ton. ruitable, for a cob.Catlogus a theGren Drgee ~urh-erOet ner liapre-
