DEATHS. On tao 16th of Msay, at Graham's-toin, South Africa. Jobn Annetrong, D.D.. Lord Bishop of GiahnWs-town, eldest son of the late Dr. Anastrong. On the 22d inst. at Woroester ilda Anne, and on the 27th, lla Elizabeth, the oniZ children of the Rev. S. P. Denning. Ontho24tbirst,,MaryAiwon, reLct of the late The Allison, 75, Dea3street, Soho. aged 42, On,the 2Wthioab., at Elthan. the Rev. Willam Jackson. On the 26th intt.; Jane, third surviinmg daughter of Henrsy Cost. Zs,;6, Otzpbam-rosd-place. e On the 26th inst, at Bmrl St. Edmnnd'e, Tho cse Debenham, Esq., late of DeDpdn. In the county of bnffolk, aged 6. On thae 27th liat.; at York, in his 63d year, W. L. Newman. Esq., for .2 yeams Actua.y andSecretarvof the YorkshireFireandLifeInsurance Compoxq. - On the 25th inst., at No. 15, Roeberry Vills,z Tafnell-park wese rshzabeth Ann, the only danghterof the late Hlenry Wooda, Eaq., surgeon, of Bath, ageS 36. maB1oOd,thO 2Sth inst.. Mr. Georae James Constiable, of HeitfordroA30n9a=udqged 83. Onthe 9thinst., at Cliftonw h , the wifeoof the Re. J.WJretes, aged 43, On the 29th inst., at Hatcham Cottage, New-cross, Adelaide Emily, eldestdanabterof J. P. Mongredieu, Fsq. On the 25th inst., at Cowvley Bosse, the residence of her eon-in-law, Mary, wife of the Pev1 F. . }lUard, iector o Little Wittenham., Berksa and eldest daghter of he nlate John Duty, FEq., ot Ropley, Rants.
TBIE CORlf TRADE. CORIN-EXOBAGA WEDN-mDAY, JrL.y 30, The arrival of foreign wheat is again good but the Eugllsh supplies IeeP moderate. Ihe wn trade tise eneraIy very sbw, at lat Mondaga quotations. BULL JULY 29. Arriyals of wbeat aud other grain moderate this veek. The weather is Low all that couild be desired for the crops, but it is calculated that four weeks must get elapse bef.re reaping is gen,rally commenced. The wheat trade has been much depressed, a ecline of 3s. to 4g per quarter having taken Pl,s. At b-days marketthere wasavery small bupply of nglishb htat. but quite enough for the demand. There u as a moderate rale. at a reduction of Vn& per quarter. Foreign not I rersed for sale, ho!ders Preferring landing to accepting the prices offe4ed. 'Benn and peas sloe- sale. Oats very dull, and rather cheaper. zglish wh,at. 74s. so tSC&; Kor,igsberg and Daussic, tFa. to 80& ; Pomemania and llamnhurg. 2s. to 78.;. Holstein. Friesland, and Danish, 655 togrs;: Russlanamud Odesia,6ts. to 6Ss.. EnWish oata, 2Sa to 3lg. fm'reigu. 2ee, to lls.: l-arley, 3tD.to 445.; }Engisha beans, 46a. to 4SB.; foreig n 3Sa_ to ris. ; jase 40s _to 425. linseed, £2 ISs, to £1:l0 per ton; f8oreign. £1 Its.;India con, a4. four lIe,to g. per barel;gao DUBlLL', JU-LY 29. It tonu.equeuce of the continLued favourable weather there waa an Extremely depresed market at our Corn-4gchange to-day, and businers was conlmed altogether to the wants of needy bouyera. The only alteration we report in prices is in oats, prime freh samples of which were about i. dearer.
ARCH,IOLOGICAL INSTTrUTE OF GREAT BItiTAIT AND IXLANND.-Theannual meeting of this learned body hasjust taken place at Edinburgh, being the fixat occasion of its holding any meeting across the Tweed. It has been attended orvisitedby a considerablenumber of distinguished arcbebologists, both from England and Ireland and from foreigr, parts, and there bas also been a large attendance of eminent Scottish antiquaiies. The meetingbas been presided over by Lord 'l'albot de Malahide, Mr. Cosmo Innes, Dr. Guest, and Dr. MWhewell being the presidents of sections. Among those who have taken part in or visited the sdanca have been his Grace the Luke and Duchess of Northumberland, Lord Nea.ves, Lord Currichill,Lord Handyside, Sir Gardener Wilkinson, Sir Hlenry Dryden, Sir Walter Trevelyan, Mr. J. Mitchell Remble, Mr. J. Hodgson Hinde, the Rev. J. Collingwood Bruce, Rev. E. Venable, ir. Joseph Bunter, xir. Yates, the Rev. d. Hamilton Gray, Mr. Albert Way, Mr. Napier (Sheiff of Dunfries), Mx. Jobn Stuart, Mr. Joseph Robertson, Mr. Robert Chambers, Mr. David Lating, Mr. J. Hill Burton, Professor Simpson, MT. A. H. Rbind, Mlr. Tucker, Mxr. Scharf, Rev. Mr. Gunner, Dr. Macpherson, from the Crimea, Mlr. Zeulet, officer of the lmperial Archives of F:ance, M. Michel, professor of archaology, the Signor Commendatore Canino, &o. The meetings were cpened on the 22d, whenan address of welcome was made to the learned body in nanie of the corporation and the citizens by the Lord Provost. At the subsequent nmeetings numerous papers of great interest were read, clhitfly having reference to Scottish arcbaeol6gy. Among the principal subjects taken up were the following:Papers by Lord Neaves on the Ossianic controversy, in wbich lIe attributed the poems of the alleged Celtic poet to an xish origin; by Mr. R. Chambers, on the Castle and the ancient buildings of Edinburgh ; by Profecsor Simpson, on the vestiges of Roman surgery in Scotland and Eingland; by Mr. Robertson, on the ecclesiastical and secular build. ings of Scotland; by Mr. Stuart, on Scotland's early sculptured monuments; by MIr. Burton, on the analogy of French and Scottish baronial architecture; by Ar. ICemble, on the antiquities of the heathen period; by Dr. Maac pherson, on the exbumnations made by him at Kertch during the allied expedition there. Excursions were got up to Melrose, Abbot.ford, and Dryburgh and other scenes of interest on the Twe.d; to Dirleton, the sea' of Mr. Hamilton Nisbet, andtoBozthwick and Rosin Castles, all of which were joined by large parties. Consrcrsazioaes were also held duiring the meeti-ng by Lord Neaves.; the Lord Provost, and Mr. Chambers, the series concluding -Ath a very brilliant assemblage, held on Mfonday eyening, in tho picture galleries of the Royal Scottish Academy, used on the occasion as the temporary museum of the institute. The museum got up for the occasion was a some. ,hat extensive and remarkable one, having been largely contributed to by the nobility and gentry of the north, and, among others, by the Duke of Northumberland, the Marquis of Breadalbane. the Earl of Morton, the Earl of El'n, Lord Londeshorough, Lord Murray, and others. Her Da jesty the Queen also very graciously contributed the Darnley jewel to the exhibition. The collection contained numerous articles of historical- interest, including a cup, said to have belonged fo Malcolm Canmore, the sword of Robert Bruce, the chair of John Knox-, several portraits of Mary Queen of Sctots, and many other interesting relics of that unfortunate Sovereign. The meeting.concluded on Tuesday, the 291th, when Lord Talbot expresseAd the gratification which all the menibersg had felt at the Edinburgh meeting, which had been one of great interest and success, and ill trated by a su-eus which had been one of the most beautiful and co(nplete he ever remnembered, and one unrivalled in several depariments of a mrcieological research. The meeting of next year, he announced, vwould take placeat Chester. ' EASI. NDA?N TtEATnis.-Yesterday were printed copies of certain treaties, conventions, and arrangementS with- t.he native States of India, iiade since May, 1834. These are very numerous, and occupy a asp ace of nearly. 100 Sages. The returnx ws moved for hy Vscolunt Goderich,
*?B?ILW4-iHT3LLIGEz,?g?. * - I _ I ;-5 O - 1 ; , . ; - .. ' i 'The dre obf this compl . stat, is ' i, ¢r reportl it;@ {he net revenu for t,he year -enli X aotgf-j. *lat, ater dediactios oF intert e Jo~ '~a t -feasutialeliareh aoiso>unta'to 184,921.; To 4Itisui il a. nded 11,5861', the bi*hncefroin he ,former aceom>,od 196,WI0. rav&iable for dividend.. Fiom thi=asnjj X iec torecommend adiderd at terite of 5per, je - &a"aumfor the half-hiar,''py able'o th'e 15tli,oi- t 'which ifill 'absorb 191,1431. aiid" Ulr 53677 1 Te -'Th 'eet in te'! gross e-anuae"for6thed t f-ro*r heO 'coodiiig period.in 185 'is- ,392/of-if2 T7~4291. Ws, fop r v lO51S,lT6l.f176,romn gooud% sd 7884 from xtnarie The increase in the ne d hev due_ 42,701. wlllete ta~chas ereseddurnng the'hl.e i,ythe'souof '01,3921. e'Th'worling expenes hav 'ili icoreassed by' 18,0241/being iti the ratei of 29.36pr ceiit on'the8dro'ssamnount of'lncreeserecexps :The ltter-saiim ijacisedes O,8491.in the renewa l of tbeiermnesawi*in&-tzl4 ,lgof d,dit,igngsie,eper,sopthe SoutxmptenadDoho ,terline. TheworksbetvreenAndoverdend S1aisbusjarey ase piresiing towards completion, ani it is i6uend;d'toe- tht line 'thbrnghout, to, Salisbur, ant,he onth Macl 185T. The Royal Agricultural Society naveioi'ed tt3ild their next annual meeting at Salisbury, in. 4u1y, 1S57, ol ran assurn=ce 4o. this 'effect. In May lIt the companT launchtd their second new steamer, the H avr, the cqst,of r'wh,ich it l propoae& to liquidate by ainstallments out of revenue. The present half-yeas revenue has not been charged w4ith any such ' instraaent, but i has -boAn; 5;000i. and 'upvards of-the bslah6e standin" to the 'e1i^j of the Alliance-the remiin?er`of that balnce hanjgbeen supplied!by the sale of disusedvessels. Bymeans of them t to splendid steamers, jlhe traffic, between SouthaptocF anud Havre is now being most satisfactorily caried ou, ;both as regards economy' and speedL The p b sea is reduced to an average of alont eigdht hours nd ;a,'urter, and the through journey between LondDA Iaind Parisbythat route has 16hour The directors propose to isue to'ths ahaeholders 40,0104 of ordinary stock in the company, or so m 4uchofitaawill amount td 5 per cent. of their present holding. One-fo4rtji of the new issue to be paid down on distribution, and the remainder in three instalments, the last to become due oil the Ist of January, 1858. They also propose to exercise the powers of the company's Amendment Act of 1855 for converting the debenture debt of the. company, or a portion of it, into a debenture stock. The directors have thought it advisable to undertake the doubIin- of 20 miles of the Southampton and Dorches'er line &uring the ensuing 12 months. The Staines and Wokinghamn liun was opeited for traffic on the 4th of June as far a Ascot, and on the 9th of July to Reading, and bids fair to become an important feeder to the Windsor line. The line is worked by thir company, under a temnporary arrangement between the two companies, until the iequirements of the traffic are more fully developed, when it is proposed that a permanent working agreement should be concluded. The branch line from Dorchester to Weymoutli is now nearly completed, and wvill shortly be opened for traffic. It will be completed with the mixed gauge, and this company has a right to work their trains over it to the town of Weymouth. This iompany,-pnrsuant tothe provisions of the act as to the mixed gauge, have also laid down an additional single rail for a distance of eight miles from Dorchester towards Wareham, to accommodate the broad gangs traffic. The legisuation of the present session of Parliament has been very imortant as respects this company's interests. The Exeter Extension Bill has passed into a law, and the directors have satisfaction in adding that nota single clause haa been inserted or arrangement enforced with any landowner or other local interest of an onerous character. The proprietors, therafore, may justly feel that the 'works will bexecuted (and especially as regards the peculiarprivileges accorded last year respecting the capital) under circamstances much morefree from objection than uial. All the ars rangements with the Salisbury and Yeovil Company, althoughspecial in their character, and beyond the usual practice of Parliament under similar circumstances, have, so far as the standing orders would permit them to be brought before Parliament, been sanctioned, and have now the force of law; but this coMpanys oDtion, under the agreement concluded after the sDecial meeting of January last, of requiring a lease of the Salisbury and Yeovil line, and to purchase it or. the terms then specified, could not be obtaned in the present year. Two branches have been sanctioned from the Southamptoni and Dorchester Railway -vi., from a point near the Brockenhurst station to Lymington, and from a point near the rWnborne station to Blandford. Both are to be constrmcted by independent companies, at the_r own expense, and each act containsprovisions authorizing the conclusion of working arrangements with this company for a period of 10 years. With the Lvmington Company the directors have, subject to the approval of the proprietors, enterec into an agreement to maintain and work their raily, when completed, at 50 per cent. of its gross receipts. An act has also been passedL for constructing a market-house at Salisbury, at a shortdistance from the terminus of the Basingstoke and Salisbury branch, with a railway to connect it with that line. These works are to be wholly constructed and. maintained at the cost of their proprietors, and by largely increasing the market accommodation at Salisbury they cannot fail to contribute to the trnffic of the Saisbury and Yeovil Railway, and the railUrays of this company, By an act of the present session. the Brighton Company are authorized to accent a lease from the Wimbledon and Croydon Company of their line of railway, about S4 miles in length. The rent is 1,8201. per annum, bein- a rate of interest of four per cent. on the cost of the line. The directors have, 'subject to the sanction of the proprietors, agreed with the directors of the Brighton Company that this company ehal participate equally in this lease, an arrangement which must be mutuavlr advantageous. The report of Mr. J. Beattie, the 20comotive and ca e superintendent, states that the cost of maintaining the engines, carriages, and waggons, during the half-year, has been at the rate of 1079d. per train mile-the corresponding period of last year being 1066d. The slight increase arises from the traffic having been considerably heavier, and the goads train miles 21 per cent. greater. The stock of engines has been maintained in an efficient condition, and this iLs substantiated by the fact of the piloting being reduced from 29,255 to 14,658 rmiles or at the rate of 50 per cent The average consamption of coals and coke has been 2L71b. per train mile; but upon the quantities being separated, and the coals reduced to their coke value, the rate for passenger and goods trains would be 1S.31b. per mile. Three new engines have been constructed out of worLing expenses, one of them is an addition to the stock, and the others take theplaces of two engineswhich were unfitfor service, and consequentlybrokenup. Eight first-class carriages, havebeen constructed out of working expenses. The cariage and waggon stock is in good working condition. The percentage which the working expenses bear to the total traffic receipts isfor locomotive department ILS4, and carriage department 2-78, snaking together 14 62, as compared with 15,63 of the corresponding period of 1855. The capital account shows that 9,176,0401. had been received, including 2,400,4161. on loans, and 9,153,2521. expended, including 104.7601. during the balf-year, leaving a balance of 22.7881. The revenue account for the half-year ending the 30th of June showed that 429,6281. had been received, and l8l,2001., or43-04 per cent. expended, including 23,56(L for rates and taxes and Govermnent duty, leaving the net revenue 248,4271. COLCHESTER, STOUR VALLEY, S'UDBURY, AN~D HAL.STEAD. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Colchester os 'uesday; Mr. J. Bawtr(ee in the chair. The Secretary read the report, ian abstract of which has appeared in Thc 17mes. The CsEAIRMuns said, the company was burdened with a bond debt amounting to 34,625L., the atten-'t to get rid of which had been, unfortunately, nnsuccessu. as, instead of raising 45,0001. bypreferenre shares, they had barely raised 7,5701., which was inadequate for the object contemaplated. They were still left with a heavy debt without the means of meeting it. The scheme pro; posed to meet this difficulty was one for which mach might be said in favour. Some persons might find it inconvenient to lay out the interest of their moneyfor 4* years, while others mightind it convenient to do so. The effect would be to raise -the %lue of their property very considerably, and at the expiration of the time mentioned they would be in possession of a sound and good property. The directors were largely interested in the company ; they held a large stake in it, and, therefore, they had not only the interests of the large body of shareholders to look to, but to look to their own private interests. He moved a formal resolution approving the roport and -the plan therein set forth for the half -yearly appropriation of the surplus income of the company towards payment of the bond debts of the company. M r.i RO. C 1-LY seconded the resolution. Wr. TumneP. moved amendment, thatthe report be not received. The distress and inconvenience which would result to a'large body of shareholders was beyond all account. Many people were deperdent for their support and comfort upon the dividends they received from tdiir shares' Mr. COLEXAx seconded t'ne amendment. He thought the scheme was a cru'el o4e for the small shareholders. The CHsA4miAT theu put theamendment to; the-neeting, and it wias negatived.. Mr. Hvxss moved an amendment,- "That the pr6ference shares which hid not beentaLen up he again offered to the directors of-the company." Mr. Tuxac,E: seconded it. Mr. CHAPrLN approVed the plan proposed by the directors. It required io great ingenuity to show that if carried out it would, as a matter of.'commercial necessity, enhance the value of the shares of the company. The CnAmIsrAIx then suxbmitted this second amendmient, and declared it lost. The original rmeslution 's theaput and carried. 'A poll was demanded, but 'it 'was afterwards withdrawn and the meeting then separated. - ~~LLAXLLY. The half-yearly eetig of this cp as held yesterday at the London Tavern ; Mr. C. Fowler in the chair. The secretary read the report, which -tated that.the accountsfor,thehalf-year endingtheSOth of Juno lastshow an advance of 1,2741., or 17''percent.'. inthe earnings over those of the oorresponding perioddoq last year. The receipts for the past half-iear amounted o'SO6231. for the 'Orrespondirig half of I55 ta 7,3481. of 1854, 'to 6;698k° aind of 1853I ' to 4,488M, bshowiBg a' progressive increa3s, -_It sAted that tbeapplicability of athracite.for working 1oco- motive engines 'was no*v 'eabiDslihd' from which 'it' might' be reasonably expected that there wrould bema large hlisreas in the demand forthatfueL, anda corresponding increse in the company's revenue. The wo:lciirg e.xpenses dtirije the laitsixman6nhs amunatodtoli,56,,inadditionts *rhii'ch ere' a fWxhrr c1isrg ot G671., being the,3 njt of (laeages, tamed damame iL 1the,eea apckm1B Ig Aberav o f or J e-ao, >:-sptb. te - . iretThAe ing of te ~ limewa.,meu 'waine I~tm of fn-ad~~ '0f o me TheduvAuss o tepreaasio.sa oapetJx-aa1fe :ine, as m etire bjVtaiof 2Pae2iaitet, ing ain' eharge i,p.aUt,w woisl beP mat by ~ O :te reed-uv al t trf eceipts.onL jh&ezetenaxon about to b~ii dd The drtor had waosatlhwalldd, over the lae thef IJandilo eFlt o - Ra iljwa and that hte exitemfrLber ,pme4 tno a1st oe'e ,, ,d,b, .'&. fu4coiisumheei!rluor nathe balnceines handa oeirs,instearrIa 't 2*a0, anf tri I ;ia ro evenue. TdeyAol,aeemmodateths,Adition..al ts.,&ff,ie i. b ctou'wted, aud lfe ao te rineor trc m tie moinbtis 'Weredti not forztbin- ngn neoftland -Jti nuearisthaly tbeanded open for ct. ,The Cpital aScount fhowred thete4'15pra4 ,ien reeie ad u209,8,681.:.d:',, o : * R t ' - SS :/ - gt -tIJ the Cimndi5tAcos,inuvinof the adoTion' _Ithe'o ia`- toe actuaoed thc sbaa u rmblera on Ae impoyj4 l-ioaitn eoftneir.dE.tOO oneof the diare- Awll be e4wcallen u-n cfO th OtmtoofiLasof er61dw.',. aud iti -a vety 3dthey coldit altold tge aboaey whiey teyitfre so, 2uhthe qo8 at ome ofheiwre ad enmn schgdemefor a lizi e o i noead, and ifcsm they *ce bais fit r,dhtat.~~he lstH&d expenided atta~eywoutd ecl -teresuch i oherrenowalfn6d ealthmtcar.otthe line,,sna d gilia to 'be .xpendedl Aisprving thoe orkintgg which n itn-~omped, girri~s The Rne. The worg expenses moere nowO 64 percent.Inof te-l reit, t thaeyet thozheraotie to re theny considerbly whT thsef tarious tmprof .sex and wer (~ospleteod. the SURMIDGF in Dne the Tesolutio ' *nd i''' Antherrepolutiwohn, adpedu. h spotad ooes yea repsly t wadof it was stated to thea o theyfronr be ablo zto coanstrxtothelr be forltd in0 aperb mfe'' Atonse, and, btherati onto the quesion of dges doftas, to tlSedistl adi the meetior sept ted b The bepr to atpre ntoe. ofthaid corpay dasaaes toat tha revcenm hndae couldend av gtere ao dieve nd of ilkmeer- The tarrewd andthemrv dectomd Sine tpphed lto tht c5l055r. Head bee 3ritsa to b t'h s exediuea on cptL ia' for fh -whitrchf of921 wins ofexpende onthe Pot- ousend Daft o er Railnway.ne-tionnUth&t an rtothe tters, n theo eeting ecited f tmht .the .dditHef Ant rti numbentoalfetrncksearn at waggons oroeld yats puted,T onoStrdae, for t:. suyoe ofyam pieoIiD teicmmediate cwisthucthineof the toneineSaofe riur$yan theact forsee w hich aat i th e w ogal - h aenkt The Rev. C.eon one of the dr. oee aons, wscal.la 'o sh ftretoyins ous that thof line ofrc,lred'ay and ut twe vepy carod hea nigim mseuld to theoa wnoil tlLTeyad so nsudh tc at thoe. Thviderel bnee pant hemeseforfy an limed itoa l stmea tond, andifte teheyectgd thiei prpightyb the lnot Be tedothe es ton tesitheyw.oldreert such co-operai s-s*ol oenablen to he carireyiot thse palfnyear sietlehent,ije diteric those adevantages whch ithnee adrinae.ofie whepresinr a op tha porton the crocony of the p :parory 'rwome Ahghl to otahieatn of nalgsteada nlgdh- bnourvuood f mr.ut seoned t he r4,w,the ioesol tion, and! i ewa caed inaerestn Cousoly . on to Rhe agt'i6' nosbthe rcesoltri re,2 es.ing the suporLt ad c-opera tiomeddveud of othYer tow re,ware alo passed'- Thxble tonRI said, it as etiatd that they wotu be sub toosrt their linre ford Sincie pher ile. a cofune, -fauhI.h b297.sepne nte fPomt fter and obenranon the evta of the lhe tvo e district the meetingrseptorate fd.hte ft TR uSTRETURN -tothe r ert of t ctors oa ts ompra states Tht t receipts forsthe not hfea cnsodingthe eth ofh m amomensted twoow the wnorksi hep tonug c3ned,; . rheeommend a diBi t fae t er share, feen of sco-t areot northem theo Aiagnstferd thanaot the bane, cWarrie d i te eund.iic thles 2ast7accolit Londn hand beten -Waded to theo don meandtionganntoynr tailw Withr6egy to nt2 ' hereamg sto the dir ctd ors ,indltda t the dimet, pes -toc mn the t pumber of truk and wagngs froprt so year plastd iae notn bend o a:.is scaleoby aoitny Thea1 uomm ensraes dith tohe inc of the tonnag carrig ied, asne d sthefctonsqun ires, tata the waggos have benkpt oonlstatl win use. thatrhegave's ouIerned anery amontfdepre- cinavtonire ndineg btnotdiae eneafcl o n the Hersid Cetrabl extengt absoltutelynesar.o The00 direth:ors reommeand thnatno teividen f or v the pas hlfyear bsenlte ton the 5 suE mentine, and thpe ey urgell ta theporet of notl bedocreasngtedivodendrat theli inex htfbearlysefttlemet aby- tpsh mns tatpotil aonn o theompth anysropr and wMsch be pbilanced in a sonds and saiatof position. The lin afrot rteaoh tlon lonaghan i frmaherevngeo sthead a satifyactrypors, and the work onofcs agnrte, prcheew n'b1nein favou r of the compny' clai on't,0ei *etdin and ope or rfi i h oure of the enin 71;931 a}d.beeJreeledan 74,001., e 1 pended,.leaving a baorlaneaanthe cman ,. 28301 Th reev fund3, aftr the aditon of5. fro th reeu of thps half-y ear,nd the..de.. uction of cli - a int it, show sa Weekz ending Jnls19 27..~.~ *donlmghnGaa80thWesen .. 17,9J .. -,* .. *1,6 e,0 .. 1678 oreth 7'orthon .... .. 95 . - . - . .96 ..n 2177 Londoe and SothWoetem -3 - ,3. -,4 63 28572 .. 1879 1o'4 =odn.. .-. -. ,5 .7. iZB .
THE CoIuMI Re STmn AT B.,Nsuy.--AnofiSr large meeting of coUiers lately employed at the Oaks it, near Barnaley, and now on strike, took place at the Batic Inn, on Tuesday. IEesolutions to the foliowing effect were passed :-" That while we wish to pay all due respect to the proprietors of the Oakzs Colliery, e consider it our bomudeit duty to resect our lives, which we are endeavourng i ptect from bei lngacrificed by the mis-management of tMr. hlintof whomwe consider incompetent to mu nade the works ofthe Oaks Colliery in a safe and efficient manner. We are therefore determined not to wo:rk at thie Oaks6 Col3ierg as long as he is the manger of those works That we don't refuse to work under bih from any personal ill feeling, but that, after seeing his management tested, we are in fear of trusi;ng our lives to his management. That while we are not boud by any tie or l1wunder him, Mr. Minto, we consider the dictation so muclI spoLen of is practised by our lato employers, in refusing to give us 'clearances,' so that we might get employmenit elsewhere. This we not onlyconsider dictation on their side, but dishonourable- for, by thus giving us a chance of getting empuoyment under other masters, they would at th same tume have au pportunit of employing other men. That at a time when -A is we31 known that coliers hare for some years beezL endeavouring to obtain an act of J?arliament to enable them to work only eight hours per day, by the late additional code of by-laws which they hae oiswed io ~compel us to work 12.hours per day they.are adding insult toinjury, which is not only considered an iAisfl;to us, buts tothewholeof The 'miners in the unitedkingdom.- That the thanks of the meeting be given to the editors of the various newspapers who have inserted impartia3.acoounts of our proosedins mn their paTers. That we pleoge ourselves to the public to t utmost of our power to prevent any outbreak among the turnouts, and, should any one belonging to us commit any outrage, he will be considered by the1body to be an enemy to the mimers who are on strike. That this meeting tenders its sincere thanls to those persons who have so kindly come forward to, assist us in saving our lives by their contribations durm our struggle." Summonses have been issoed against severiL of the miners for serious assaults, ana the cases came on for hearing at-the last petty sessions atBaxnsler, Dut they were adjourned in consequence of one or twv of the persons attacked being too muchinjured to appearin OniUt CURIOYUS CAVMn N CA . JERvis.-Four miles north of Cape Jervis, in the face of the cliff, above the t, a cavern has recently been discovered which -vill be equally attractive to-the naturalist, -the geologist,asixdthe oraina toarist. Its entrauce, approschable.-with sosoe c7f ythe almost perpendica: rocl4-is iboatfopr :.feet square. 3om tlathisi nearly direct decernt of 10-or .12feet.- The cavern-then.opens-outtoa breadtb .of about; !40 feet,and its heightinheFentres a:boutA20 feet. The loor is of 1cano, amon'g-whlch the bones- of :bixa are still visible. .t lle idee.ax4oof abound ~i.dth talictites, many of which have formed.perfect columns ot xnarly the thickness-of a man's arn. They are of a pure white, and almost ~transparent. The lfoor alopes upwairds,for. .;-disure.neof nearly100feet, and then thereis only0oxM to.crsepintosAU ,inn!er cavern, 40 feetloriig and 6 feet' high, 'loiing adowi-wlairds onmhoth sides. 'This i6 Thie moat beintifal1*jrt. of the wh.ole, andits appeace wenillsmuiated )Ya uilumberof candlce is descied asbqingglorious. 'Agentlemanbelongiijgtbthis establilihmentbrought in yesterdai fe spec' - mensofthestalactite. As-theTy ang id tse.oavetby.=e _dinp,_anadthe drop of.uluid dependingfrom-eiah.has the tasteWf alum& The cavern is on Goversnent.it' aiinx zeib from3Mr. :Randatwhodue,*md about-15 ofNdr. .-mauville. It wadiscoveredia JaTnuaylat'oy Mr. Christie 'na Mri. wafsosn-? hut Isi only as yet, aw~ believe, les visited, by . th;selvee, -by ,M. *ed a, . Loaden, r. White, of- Adina and Ja&,elative Mr. Eutton. There is aiotber cavern belowiit,extending or abbut- 30 feeot but -posessing -nO pcallairattrctioilk:- -lAdvertisement]-The i efm 3ly,_ tbea,:_ *6otum]rnal)-te largest ae;k ir , L r - taius -nuniesig :blarueiieasbytaieei*t noi Tb' "Eisa-is .kearknewledc oof theIiextnrcaolesio. and muc reweie oneet critici are eseeJdo,aTueDtiMes.e %Qe Ieemj,istj an auIb ntiusef nig,--s n 5U5- e«vs seatSatuada e aa§ 6d~ itet4t'inhifi5 . ~ ~~~~~~ I I .Erirbta. Osd~ .iial uewinsn~aiX
LONDO2i, THURSDAY, JULY 31, 18S6. The recent accouaits from the United States prove how truly wise has been the policy that preferred enduring an affront to encountering a war. The tone of the New York papers assures us that, so far from being compromnised by allowing Mr. DALLAs to reman, the character of this country and the dignity of its Government have risen considerably in the estimation of the American people. Nor could it be otherwise. Mr. MAcy has represented that class of feelings in America which were embittered by the sneers and the contempt which has occasionally met the jealous susceptibilities of the younger branch of our famiIy. He had adopted 83 his symbol the vindication of that national irri- which we 3o often see typified among ourstelves in the demeanou r of the collateral to the dije*t representatives of the common ancestor. XWS had presumed; they had smarted. We had .at difgerent times and seasons censured and con&demned; they had retorted and recriminated in return, had become angry at our occasional rejI iders, and at our general colness. Mr. - ba.v, with a dexterity which 1both parties know to- to appreciate, seized an opportunity for twisting -a difficulty into an embarrassment and fomen iadifferenceinto a quarrel. A few more mfokentofg4he ,n2 few more blusteringa speeches On the one side and a little doged Obstinacy on the other, and at tlhis nomient 2S,000,000 of Britiahl subjects would have 'been equipping te materiali f'£or ..carryfi~ .d!estrxction 0among. 27,000,00' .g hndred people .on the other side of .the, Atlantic.' This . has, been ., prevented, - andy the. pause ii the tende3cy: to war -',has .been. made, not by those whose language had ceftaiiily been ' not. th6!' less- provoking of the, two, aid . whose calculations of success were expressed in a tone. as unflattering, and as. unconciliatory to us .as possible, but by that Power whiih, havinog once apologized, was called on to make new concessions at 'the moment that it possewsed the Material resoiiurces for imposing. conditions on . thers. England behaved -iko the head of. the. family. in one of our national comedies, vwho, after beingo insulted by some of the younger branches, smothers his impatient desire for summary castigation, slaps hiis legs, and exclaims, " D-n it, I won't quarrel with my olVIn "flesh and blood." That this moderation wil be universally appreeiated throughout the United States we do not venture tR hope. There are too nany elements at work among the very mixed population of that country-elements of race, sentiment, and passion -to admit of such moderation being admired without exception, or proposed for future imitation. There is that strong eiement of continental discontent-a compound of G-ailic, Teutonic, and Scandinavian Radicalism-which is continualy recruiting the society of the States-an element made up of all hatreds and dislikes, over which predominate hatred and dislike of England, as the representative of temperate government and balanced authority; then, also, there is the Irish element, kept alive by a continual influx of those impulsive Celts who have a knack of succeeding everywhere better than in their. own country; then, again, there is that more political element mnade up of the native Yankee and Southerner, each of whom fosters a traditionary animosity against England. All these sections and factions will regret that the chance of a collision with England has not been turned to better account. But, after fUll allowance for their influence and power, we believe that the majority of the citizens of the States entirely concur with the New York papers in their estimate of the moderate and pacific views which the English Governument has entertained on this question. Those among them who are not blinded by an impetuous love of military glory or by an hereditary animosity wil thank us for a policy which, while it has saved two kindred people from an effusion of blood, which would have combined the horrors of civil with the magnitude of foreign war, has also saved them from that prospective hatred and vindictiveness which must have resulted from any issue of such a struggle, and must have so,n the seeds of another more dreadful conflict. Nor can they, as free and rational men, fail to recognize the gain which accrues to the cause of freedom and good governmenc throughout the civilized world from the maintenance of a good understanding betveen England and her American oftspring. England and the States-what do they represent ? A common language, common institutions, a polity which, if not identical in detail, is at all events based upon the same principles and extends the same rights-a freedom of thought, action, and speech which no other form of government either acknowledges or permits. That two such countries, united by such ties, and guaranteeing to the human race privileges which elsew'here are either destroyed or suspended, should be brought into the arena of internecine strife, and should expend in mutual injury the resources and the powers which might he so advantageously combined for the succour of struggling liberty and the salvation of oppressed nationalities-no event could so fully satisfy the most earnest prayers of autocrat and despot as this. It would be tantamount to extinguishing every hope and aspiration after freedom which may be still cherishedamong the depressed peoples of the world. No; let Englishmen and Americans agree to differ as much as they choose on minor matters -let the whole field of silver-forkery and etiquette be kept open for their disputes or their caricature-let us condemn their toleration of slavery, ard let them deride our toleration of official patronage; but let us both agree on this point,-viz., that to carry our differences to the fearful arbitrament of arms wouald be an irremediable injury to humanity and civilization, and a cause of boundless rejoicing to every bigot and despot, civil or ecclesiastical, all over the world. WVe trust that we shall not be misunderstood by those whom our remarks nmainly concern. We deprecate a war with America, and we deprecate it through fear not of what sbe can do against us, but what we can both do against each other. We are now prepared, in arms and men, for a longer and more trying war than any which is likely to fall to our lot. We learn, too, that the States are not so unprepared as Mr.'BRiGHT and his followers are in the habit of telling us. It is the boast of the " States" that they are a nation of soldiersvolunteer soldiers; that from one end of the Union to the other they could raise an army of not much less than 1,000,000 men. Of course, this ar-my could not be so concentrated or manoeuvred with such ease as a smaller one; it would be difficult to feed and keep together; but, after exhausting criticism on its efficiency, one thing is very clear,-that the amount of injury which we might reciprocally inflict would be incalculable. We have in one instance forborne from returning a blow that was aimed at our national selflove. ! We trust that in the one remaining cause of dispute between us the American Government will imitate the example which we have set, and forbear from pressing to a desperate consummation questions which admit of a pacific and equitable solution.
Tne quarterly return of the REGiSTRAR-GENERAL is this time a most gratifying document. After all we have heard within the last two years of want, disease, and mortality, it is an agreeable change to turn to the narrative of national health and increase. Seldom -were facts and figures more pleasant reading. The number of marriages celebrated in the first quarter of 1856 is above the average. Mlore boys and girls were born alive and registered than in any previous three months in the history of Engiand. The excess of births over deaths amounted in this part of the united kingdom to 72,894. The proportion of deaths was not quite 21 in 1,000, the average annual rate of the season being nearly 23 in 1,000. The mortality of the whole of the last halfyear has been much below the average rate. Better water and improved sanitary arrangements have much diminished the iuhealthiness of the poorer districts of the metropolis and the great towns. On the whole, it is proved, in the opinion of the most competent authorities, that "the climate of England is eminently salubrious." " It is well established," says the REOISTRARGENMRAL, " that England is the healthiest country "in Europe. France stands next to England in "salubrity. In the continental cities the annual "rate of mortality is seldom less than 30 in "1,000, ancd tne rate frequently rises to 40 in "1.000. In London the annual rate of mortality "is 25 in 1,000." Just at this time crowds of our countrymen are every day crossing the Channel on ;continental tours, 4or with purpose to -establish.themselvex at 'some continental watering-place. The progress of science is~continuallywifd~ the.circle of British' iv,andering, and the spo yvlhich a fe&vdyears,xince was thought 'worthy of a book or a-series of sgetches is commonplace now, -and iay-be ulgar it a} twelveinonth. Yet Ithe Englisluhan. must go abroad. His fathers, after the Peace, thought not a little of Boulogme; the, adventurous spirit who extended his travels to Paiis.was somewhat.,of a. lion in his own circle; sisters and; cousins were an: vus to learn from his- deep experiences, while sager persons sliook-h the ir heads, and doubted the prudence of vi.iiting a- -city which had such a reputation.. Now, we fly over land and water to the .2tmost parts of Europe, and every one thinks t necessary. to svim in -a gondola or sn^l-e long pipes in a caique. The old Englishman "'ho haited foreigners-particularly the French-and preferred a good wholesome joint to all the kickshaws in the world, is to be seen no longer; his successor of the present day is quite of the opposite school. He knows Paris thoroughly. He has a great notion of his own French. Philologically it may differ from the common tongue in the epicene nature of its genders and the increasid irregilarity of the verbs; but it is nevertheless a fine forcible language, and the model English tourist of the present day seldoni loses an opportunity of displaying it. But still the French metropolis, the Rhine, and the Alps are too near to confer distinction on- the visitor. What is the poor little excursionist to the Rhineland and Chamouny in the presence of one who talks about the Carpathians or the Second Cataract ? Better not to travel at all than only to be limited to this welltrodden and nowv plebeian tether. Thousands can talk of Simpheropol and Trebizonde, the Bay. of Smyrna and the Plain of Baidar ; let us, then, do something great, or sink into insignificance. Hence we go to Sweden and Algeria, Wisconsin and the Albanian coast, take up most of our spare time in a long voyage which is very uncomfortable, and hurry back after having seen as little as is possible in a two montlis' excirsion. Now, on the strength of the REGISTRAR-GENEERAL'S report, we may be allowed to put in a plea in favour of home. We do not say there is no place like it, but still the conduct of our countrymen of late years has been as if their own land was a prison fiom which a natural instinct prompts a flight at the first moment of liberty. The usual argument is that health delmands a change of air, and therefore a foreign clime must be visited. Now, it is proved that England, "crowned with hills of moderate " elevation sloping towards the east and south," "bathed by the showers of the Atlantic,"- though we will not lay much stress on this peculiar attraction,-" cultivated more extensively than other "lands, and producing those unequalled breeds of sanimals which flourish only in healthy places," enjoys a salubrity bey-ond any of those countries to whichi the flight of English pleasure-seekers is directed. Why not, then, recur to the habits of the old times, and travel about England, of which some of our countrymen know much less than of the Rhine, the Danube, and the Tagus ? In the days of the CEoGeFs England was very fashionable -sith its own people; Josurnf ANDREws and HumirziRy CLINKER travelled about England; poets celebrated Richmond-hill and Grongar-hill ; " PRICE om the Pictreusquze" extolled our native hills and dales, and would have been indignant at the idea that any mere foreign mountains like the Alps could be compared with them. But those wele times when war and bad roads kept people at home, when a great lord and his household could not go down to the north without spending some hundreds of pounds on the journey, and Chiswick or Sion were consequently preferred as residences. The aristocracy went to English seaside places and drank English waters, which, to do them justice, are not nearly so abominable as those of Germany. Consequently, the rest of the world did the same. After all, our people are very easily satisfied, as any one who notices them at a tragedy or a display of Government illuminations must perceive. They generally admire pretty much what they are told, and, if assured on the faith of a respectable publisher that "the windings of the river above the town c" are considered to constitute a most charming " effect" at any home locality, they wiU go in a fly to see the view and return as much delighted as if it were in Switzerland or the Tyrol, while in the end a great deal of money wiU b3 saved. We know, indeed, that it is not mere change of place and air that hard-worked Engglishnien want after a year or two of residence in their own land. The difference of scene, language, and manners, those influences which a higher class of architecture and a more general diffusion of taste and artistic feeling exert, are all attractions to people who have so much monotony and so little to gladden the eye and ear in their own country. Thousands never visit the continent, but few visit it only once. In crossing the Channel we feel an escape from the necessity of having all of us to do the same things in the same way-from the weariness of the English weekday and the dulness of the English Sunday. The tourist's life abroad is a kind of primitive existence ; he dresses as he likes, eats when he is hungry, drinks when he is thristy-which, as a general rule, is somewhat often-and in this very contrast to his ordinary life consists much of the relaxation which his trip affords. But stilE it cannot be doubted that many go abroad who care little for vhat they will see on the continent. Families who would be much more comfortable and happy in their own island think it necessary to follow the general example, and the mania for annual travelling is communicated from one to another until it has become almost part of the natLre of the people. Now, we can scarcely doubt that much of this wandering is the result of insufficient attractions at home. It is not that nature has done little for us; the country is beautiful, our mountains and lakes are at least finer than anythat two-thirds of the kingdoms of Europe can boast; the British islands are not a vast plain, such as extends over Northern Europe as far as the Ural M,ountains; the climate is, as we said before, the most healthy in the world; 'why, then, do not the people prefer their own country ? In a great measure because our watering-places have not kept pace with the requirements of visitors. There is neither acconrmodation nor amusement. Why. should tie Englishman with a few weeks to spare and a moderate sum to spend go to any place within the limits of the four seas?' He knowvs beforehand what he has to expect. His choice is between a lodginghouse on some " Marine Parade," with a harpy landlady by day and insect visitants by night to disturb his peace, or one of the hotels, where, with great display of piate and pomp of waiters, everything is cold, uncomfortable, and extortionately dear.: Amusement there is positively none. Even the recreations of past tines have been put an end to by the denunciations of some powerful preachEr whose performances are the nearest approach tc theatrical representations suffered in the -place.. The visitors lounge about, bathe, read last year's novels, and wish the day at an end. The consequence is, they will not come again, and year by year the town, with its fine sands and bracing air, becomes more squaLd, drear., and desolate. Could not something be done to attract the world ? A good hotel is a great want, and on3e of the best services which limited liability could ,render would be to supply an establishment 'which -sliould be able to rival- in comfort, exceloence, 'and cheapness-.>the hotels of the continent and the New World. The backwardness- of --this country in such accominodation isone of the most surprising thing3 -i-neu o'ivihization for, filish' isfalkdeof 'the dome'stic'-liabits of the igh, ~ier y 'rtailly becomie g ealore an&mor.o.rstloss anyed' a- ,no'i~,i .a,d ,an.y o,n,e ,'4s,o obse,rves, their, e.nj.oyment$ *of -foreign, sociability vhen--releasea from -the restraints of then' own indigenous habits will be disposed to'believe in the success of any one wAho wil1 give them on theito 0*n,i ground lwhat' theynow eo,mpass aea an,d. an,d .t obtain. In increasing th,e attractionsof our places of summer.residence, both bylproviding good 'accommodation and cheerful-amusementJ-dies -the chance of diverting -our countrymeii from'i a habit which, 'it must be confessed, is now ruuning into excess.
*The affairs of -Dwich College have now been before the public for mnre than half a year, during which the life of the founder has been sufficiently recounted, his intentions thoroughly sifted, the state of his: college too faithfully described, ana the requisite reforms most amply discussed. It appears that this preliinary palaver is to be prolonged :for a year more, the Government, under the threat of opposition, ha;ving postponed their bil until next session. As a whole, the measure deserved a better fate than to be thus withdrawn among the other failures of the late session. Coinciding in its main features with the scheme propounded by the Charity Cosrinissioners, it so dealt with the estate of EDIVARD ALLEYa ihat instead of an institution, as at present, jobbing in its management, paltry in its means, worthless in its objects, and ridiculous in all its arrangements, we had the prospect of seeing one of the most splendid of bequests yielding an adequate revenue,, rightly applied, honourably administered, and rivalling in its reputation some of the most distinguished of our public seminaries. If the delay, however, will tend to realize this dream more effectually; if it wil raise the College of GoD's Gift from being the exclusive prize of four London parishes, the names of which nobody cares to remember, and the boundaries of which are known only to the taxgatherer and the sexton, into something of national importance;-above all, if it will afford the opportunity of doing an act of mere justice to the members of ALLRYx's profession, who have an especial right to share in the benefits of his bounty, there will be little cause for regret. In remodelling an institution of this kind it is anything but easy to respect alike the requirements of the public and the intentions ofthe testator. It was the express wish of EDwARD ALLni,, indicated in the very name of his college, that those -who partook of his charity should be elected by lot ; and this very harmless direction was, we believe, to be extinguished by the bill. He also ordained that the Master, the Warden, and every individual connected with his institution should be for ever unmarried, and, as if to symbolize their condition of celibacy, he provided, "that none of the "feUowes, poore brethren or sisters, shaU keep "any doggs, poultry, or any other noisome "cattell witlinu the said college, beside a "catt,"-the cat immemorially dedicated to single blessedness. This provision, too, has been nullified, as inconsistent vith our modern ideas, and .in a still more important point the express injunction of the founder has been summarily set aside. He intended that the recipients of his bounty should belong to the most poverty-striclcen class of the community; that the poor scholars should either be penniless orphans or the children of parents living on alms ; and that the poor brethren and sisters should be literally paupers, chosen from the almshouse. The bill which has been postponed after passing through the House of Lords declares that boys in any rank of life are eligible to the educational advantages of the college, and that its eleemosynary advantages are to be open chiefly to " respectable persons, either married or single, " who shall have faUen from better circumstances "into indigence." In no respect could the intention of the founder be more palpably violated, and we believe that this violation is justifiable on the ground that, the value of EDWARD ALLEYX'S property having increased beyond all calculation, it is only in this way that the institution couild be brought into harmony with itself and with the public weal. It is useless extravagance to give an expensive education to boys whose only recommendation is the poverty of their parents, and it is impossible in these days to carry out the design of AIXEYN, and train boys intended for the Universities in the same school w ith boys destined for the workshop and the furrow. But, having gone thus far, it is matter for surprise that those who introduced this measure into the House of Lords did not advance a step further, and adopt the suggestion of the Charity Comnimissioners as to a very linited admission of persons connected with the theatrical profession to the benefits of Dulwich College. It was willed by A1LEYN that these benefits should be exclusively enjoyed by four parishes,-naamely, St. Botolph Without Bishopsgate, St. Luke's, St. Saviour's, and Camberwell; and as a general rule our legislators very properly have almost always shrunk from interfering with vested rights of this description. But these rights are never absolute; population, time, circumstance, all things change, and it is not unnatural to inquire into the causes of such a preference on the part of the testator. It seems that AzLmN was born and had property in the parish of St. Botolpb, his father being an innkeeper, who probably, as was customary then, turned the yard of his inn to the purposes of a theatre. In the parish of St. Luke, or St. Giles Without Cripplegate, as it was formerly called, ALnLFm built the Fortune Theatre, and there accumulated the greater part of his wealth. In the parish of St. Saviour, on the Bankside, were theRose and the Hope Theatres,with both of vwich also he was connected. The fact is that these were 'the theatrical districts of that time, as truly as the Strand and the Haymarket form the region of the theatres now. Times have changed, the theatres have migrated, and the result is that, by the very provisions of his .will, he who made his fortune almost entirely by the stage, and who directed that it should be distributed in the centres of dramatic life, among the population that frequented his theatres, supported himself and his brother actors, aud for the most part raised them to ease and affluence, has deprived the memnbers of his own profession of all share in his bounty. It has, indeed, been hinted that he did so purposely,-that he left the stage in a religious panic, and that he built the college in token of his penitence. This is a silly scandal which will not bear examination; and, not to dwell on the inherent improbability of the story as related, it is enough to mention that he commenced building Dulwich College five years before he quitted the stage,-that he never parted with his interest in the Fortuie Theatre, but actually rebuilt it late in life, and that the rernt of this playhouse formed, even after his death, part of the revenue of- GoD's Cift. AILEYIi was fond of the theatre to the last, was continually entertainiag his associates of the stage at Dulwich, taught the boys of the schr ol to act plays, and not only was his successor, as Master of the college, an actor, but it is nearly* certain that two of the original officers of - the charity were also actors. I In these circumstances we cannot help thinking that the claim which has been urged on behalf oE the theatrical profession, and which has met with the sympatiyof the0CiaritrCommissioners, lthough- *,i:: put' forward, too lt 'to e embodied in, -their. schemes ought to command the apProval of the ,Government, axidwal .the iorei it is an ex6eeding y. mo4est'cli. -Let the ecollege still belong to the four pariihes,* bubsurely the members of A..EYN'S profession-have some right to at -least-*^ mall share of his bounty, eecialy now 'that the dramawhas fallen oni days not.by anymneaus -so palmy.as those of the Fortune Theatre. If the* Government have not scrupled to lay tather-rough bands.on iegu1itions which th6 founder.of tis splendid charity deemed of vital importance, they. may, at least, do him the honour so far to respect his intentions and to recall his raemory as to 'confer a slight favour on the class to which he belonged, *hich he loved to associate with, and. whicdy if london were now what it was in his days,wouldpretty largely participate in the benefits of his legacy.
I L A.TEST INTELLIGENCE. xREECE. (By ElE:CTlIO TEILEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch, dated Athens, Juliy 26:- "Brigandage is suppressed in Greece. The four united bands which still existed have been completely destroyed. " Sixteen brigands were lilled and seven captured." The Mfoniteur of yesterday announces the arrival at Bucharest, on the 16th inst., of Baron de Talleyrand-Perigord, the French Comllmissioner for the settlement of the question of the Danubian Principalities.
I ZTHE SLAVB TRADE AT NEW YORK. I (From the 2Fcw York- Jour,-a of Comnmerec of the 30th of June.) Few of our readers are aware of the extent to which this inf,umous traffic is carried on, even by vessels clearing from New York, and in close alliance with our legitimate trade, and that down town merchants of twealth and respectability are extensively engaged in buying and selling African negroes, and have been so, with comparatively little interruption, for an indefinite number of years. The fact that such a traffic exists in connexion with this port is well established; and yet, with but few exceptions, all the means that can be employed to secure the conviction of the guiltv parties fail of their object, either through the cunning of well-feed lawyers. or, far worse, of proner evidence, and often the vessel slips off at dead oflnight. More frequently the slaver eludes the vigilance of the United States' officers by engaging in an ordinary tradinrg voyage and changing her destination, cargo, &c., to suit her convenience. The public officers may be wel! aware of her true character, and yet possess no power to detain her. So varied are the devices employed by this class of lawbreakers to escape detection, so slvly are their movements executed, and so incessant are their endeavours, under the powerful stimulus of inordinate gain, that the services of the Government officers are in constant requisition. We are informied bythe deputv United States' marshals, that. they are well satisfied that at least 15 slave vessels have sailed from this port within the last 12 months, and three within the last three weeks. With such audacity is the villainy prosecuted, that while Marshal de Angelhs was occupied about the seizure of the Bramin (whose offilcers were on trial for engaging in the slave trade), advantage was taken by another vessel of the same character to glide down the river and escape. It is well know that within 60 days an old vessel -,as bought for $i1,500, refitted and altered to a top. sail schooner, loaded with logwvood and whalebone, and cleared for a European port, in command of a captain who was convicted at Philadeluhia a short time since of being engaged in slave trading ; yet there were no circumstances which would justify the issue of a warrant for her detention, though the officers entertained no doubt as to her real character and objects. It is satisfactory to know that few, if any, American merchants are directly engaged in these transactions, the principal parties being foreigners, and most of them Portuguese. There is, however, reason to believe that not unfrequentl- Americans share in the risks and profits of the basiness. The impunity with which these transactions are carried on may be inferred from the fact, that during the last year there hlave been but five prosecutions for any breach of the laws relating to this master, and of this number the Government succeeded in procuring but one conviction-namely, the captain of the Julia Morgan. Startling as some of these facts may appear, it does not prove that this description of traffic is on the increase, but only shows that greater viailance has been exercised for its suppression.. Not long ,go, Mr. Crawford, HIer Britannic MaJest's ConsalGeneral in Cuba, called the attention of MIr. Crampton, at Washington, to the fact that slavers were fitted out in this city, andashnghis interference to prevent the sailing of a vessel that was then nearly in readiness. In the instance referred to, Don Jose E-es left Havannab for New York (as Mr. Crawford asserts), in order to purchase, through a certain house, a pilot-boat or fore-and-aft schooner, capable of bringing over 500 slaves from Africa to Cuba; the vessel to be ro-id ed with water, &c., and, thus prepared, to sail fromu New York for her destination, where the slaves were in Waitinc . Mr. Crawford remarL-ed, in connexion with his h:-" Almost all the slave expeditions for some tim'e past have been fitted out in the IJnited States, chiefly at New York, where thece must be some establishment, ship or out-fitting, carpenter or builder's yard, specially undertaking such business for the slavers." Most of the vessels fitted out in the UJnited States for tbe slave trade sail from New York, but a considerable proportion of them go from 'New Orleans, and occasionally from other ports. Here they possess eve-y facility that can behad in other places for furthering their purpose, and the laws do not frown with such threatening severity and such certainty of execution as to effectually forbid their infraction. For while the profits of a successful venture are so enormous, men will be founa sufficiently bold and avaricious to engage in the hazardous enterprise, trusting to their w%its to avoid the cruizers, or wrigglethrough the meshes of the law. The vessels ordinarily selected are of medium size, costing not more than $5,000 or $7,000, bought with the expectation that they will be destroyed when their cargo is secured anud finally discharged. Traders calculate that if but one vessel out of four proves successful they can well afford to incur all the losses involved and assEune all the risks. Negroes are obtained on the African coast at from $10 to $40 per head, and from M00 to $800 is readLy obtained for them when landed; so that a cargo of 500 slaves, costing $15,000 or $30 per head, realizes the venturesome trader, if sold at an average of $400 per head, at least $170,000 or $180,000, expenses aeducted. It is alleged that the destraction of vessels in the manner suggested has a sensible effect in reducing the number of vessels adauted to the slave business to be found in market. They are sunL-, burnt, or run ashore. It is but a few days since an account was published of a slaver, fully fitted up for her business, which had been forced ashore on the coast of Maryland, w ith her bottom perforated with augre holes, and completely abandoned. In most cases, however, the vessel lands her cargo, and is not afterwards heard from. Only to the deep bosom of the oceanuis the secret intrusted. The manner of fitting out slavers in New York may be brieflv narrated. In most cases a suitable vessel is first selected-a fore-and-aft schooner or large sloop being generaUy preferred-and furnished writh spars, sails &c. Sheis then towed up the river or down the bay, and sometimes to the east end of Long Island, to avoid observation, and there supplied with whatever is needful to perfect her outfit. For instance, the Falmouth, recently condeumed for being engaged in this business, was taken from Astoria to Hurl-Gate, and late at night provisions, casks, boilers, and other articles were put aboard from a vessel which came alongside. Immediately after the Falmouth was towed to Hurl-gate-ferry, and the 67 casks nith which she was supplied were stealthily filed from a hydrant. Had a permit been obtained, as legally required, suspicion would have been ex-, cited by the large quantity of water 'urnished to so small a. vesseL This important part of the preparation accomplished, the Falmouth was taken in tow by a steamer about; 2 o'clock in the morning, so as to get off Sandy Hook by break of day. Seen there at another hour, the vessel would be liable to be boarded by the revenue offioers and asked to show her manifest; having none she would be seized. This is the predicament in which the Bramin was' found, whose cse has just been before our courts. On her. second voyage, the Flmouath regularly cleared froum the Custem-house, with just a sufficient supply of provisions for en honest voyage; but after proceedina down Bongs IL4and to Gardner's Bay, she wlas supplied by another' vessel with provisions, large boilers, timuber for a "slaveX deck," and bricks and lime to set the furnaces. Shethen sailed for Afriea. A revenue cutter followed in pursuit, but without success. To still further diminish the chances of detection, slave vessels no longer carry irons or shackles, as foruerly, w0hich, f found, ronstituted strong evidence of guilt, but employ as a subelitute a kind of small [ n.ail, so nnade that the noints rtand upright when thrown down, so thatin case of revolt among the negroes aboard' shuip, they are strewn thickly over the desk. On the FEmouth about 6Q002ings and ropes were founmd. These are some of the devices employed to profit by the breach of laws without incurring the penalties annexed. It is not at all unusual for foreigners to come to this port from Havannah or Brazil, buy a vessel, fit her out, and sailin her thenaselves, emnloyi,g a shrewd American captain -to act either in his profemsional capacity or simply as a passner. surrendering or assuming authority s previously Sreed upon. In other cases, vessels eugagm a legtinmate African trade, in palm oiL, guacs, ivory,peanuts, ac., are converted into slavers when opportunity offers. The preparation of these vessels, in the city, is necessafily conducted with the profoindestsecresy, anLdv.th, toall appearance, the mast scrupulous regard (or al legal2equirements. The IUnited States' officers may visit the suspected vessel without the interposition of any obstacle; but no one on board can give the slightest infornimtion. Even if arested, the men literally Inow nothing. In the case of the Falmouth, all found on board were passeengers, but were so strangely ignorant that thev did not know where they were going, and the vessel had no owo-r or captain. The result was, all hands were discharged, though the vessd u-s condemnned. Cargoes of elaivesare obtinedand disch.rged so as to evade capture, by the excbange of preconcerted siguals betwEen the shin nnd shore. The presence or renmnval of danger is thus readilv indicated by YPbunting readiig-". It appears obvious that the slve trade, as conducted at the present time, and for many yea past, must continue while the markets of 57baaro open.
I" 7 , AM-ERITCA. The United Statesi' ail, kBic,,oatck commgander, .a,riivd,,nlt,,rie,s,naytiiid-r with adfices fromNiew York t the lW , 157 passengers, anda $8,291 in specie ona reight.x - The United States' i- ai-iteamihip Fultn, frcm Havre, had airived at Iew York`, aid the Royai l nal steamhi p Nia hence, at _:1,on the 1 th instant. Our correspondent says:. "The Senate has been occupied Sith the di3cusisionxof thedetaljsof the NavaT`Retiring Board, and other measures of locat interest. The-House have disposed of al the cases growing out of the aiult on Mr. Sumner,: anda are 'busy with the contested elecLtions. "Afugitive slave case has occurred in Bostoi. The slave was liberated without any violence. " General Gadcden has retred from the MIexican mission, and Mr. Formyth, of Alabara, has been appointed in his place. " The Old Line Whigs of -Virgni ave declared for Mr. Fillmore, and the Massachusetts Whig have issued a manfesto. p neutrality in the contest. The German Turmverein association3 have declaredthemselves in favourxof Fremont. There are 60,000 Turners, of whom 7,000 reside in the Slave States. The.HiacLcregardsthe movemen'as importaut. " The jury have not been able to agree in the case of Herbert. He has beenwarned by the Vigilance Committee not to return to California. "The submarine telegraph of the New York, Newfoumdland, and London Company has been laid between Cape Ray and Ashby-bay, 86 miles. "A frightful accident on the North Pennsylvania Raiway happened on the 17th. " At 5 o'clock in the morning a special train of 10 cam left the Marshal-street depot with the schools of St. Micbaers Roman Catholic Church, in Kensington. The excursion party consisted of between 500 and 600 persons, the great majority of whom were children. They intended proceeding to Fort Washington, 19*miles from the city, where they were to enjoy a pic-nic. " Owing to the number of cars and the weight of the train there was some delay, and the conductor, findin=e himself behind time, pushed forward with great rapidity when towards the end of his trip. "The regular passenger train for the city left G,vynedd at 6 o'clock, and reached the siding at 6 13. Finding the excursion train had not yet arrived, ar. W. Vanstavoren, the conductor, determined not to wait for it, and his train was moving along when the expDected train campe thundering on round a curve, at the rate of 35 mailes an hour. A collision, of course, ensued with the most appalling consequences. " The downtrain escaped without serious damage, but the scene presented by the excursion train wOas fearful. The three foremost cars of the train were crushed conipletelyto pieces, and the wreck-,rmingling with that of the locomotive, tock fire, aud the flames comununicated to the other cars of the train. Th( two next cars to the three that were wrecked out. right took fire, and were entirely consumed. " The inmates of the three forward cars wer completely niLxed up with the wreck, and a larg number of them were killed outr3ight. There wer probably 50 persons in each of the three cars, an the lowest estimate we heard fixes the number c 50, while it was feared the dread aggregate woul reath I00. The papers are filled with the horrib details. "The steamer NorthernInclianawasburnt on Lal Erie the same day. The number of passengerz su posed to be lost amoputs to 50. Among the nam of the lost are-Mrs. Mary ladayard., D,frs. Ala Ackroyds, her father, mother, husband, and ti children-all from England. " The weather has been very hot at New Yo0 and there have been several deaths from coup Money was in more demand, with an ample srply. I Exchanges on London, 110; Paris, 5f. 15c. Cotton was buoyant; breadstuffs steadier; freid;s easier.
THE UNITED STATES. (FRoM oDs OwN COBiksONDEXT.) NEW YODIU, JULY P. I remember hearing a gentleman say in Lorlon someyeare since, when mails fr om America wer.sless frequent than now, that he look-ed for the rcaipt by every arrival of news of a great fire, a ralbay accident, and the burning of a steamer or buBing of her boiler. Although the steamer which goes to-day carnes the intelligence of no great detruction of property by fire, yet the accidents Thich it is my duty to chronicle are great enougl and destructive enough to satisfy the most mnrbid appetite. The day before yesterds.y momiing 1,100 children, of various ages, started rom Philadelphia, with their teachers arid frieads, for a pic-nic on groimds near the North Penrsylvania Railway, about 12 miles from the city. Th-re was but one track, and the train, being unusually heavy, was detained beyond its time. I -the regular down passenger train, instead of waiting at the turn-out, pushed on at full speed, and in rounding a curve the two trains came in collision. The results were too dreadful to believe. In the whole annals of railway murders I have never read anythincg so frig,htful. The two locootives were locked together in one undistinguishable mass. Three of the cars on the excursion train w.ere ground to splinters, and, the unhappy children crushed beneath the ruins. The next two cars were thlust forward over the ruins, and into t.his mass of broken ironu, splintered wood, and mangled limbs and bodies, fire from the locomotive fell, igniting the whole. Then ensued a scene tee horrible for description. The dead were charred and burnt so as to be beyond the recognition of their friends. The agonies of the dying were made more excruciating by suffocating smoke and heat, while the wounded and mangled, pinned by the firm masses which covered them, met a slowv death by fire. The total number of the victims by this wvholesale slaughter is not yet ascertained, butit is supposed to exceed 100. No excuse is offered, as, indeed, none could be made. The guilty conductor whose reckl lessness caused this destruction put an end to hb own life by arsenic. Another accident of less frightful proportions has happened upon the Lakes. The steamer Northern Indiana, plying between Buffalo and Toledo, was burnt to thwe water's edge on the 7lth inst., with the loss of 30 or 40 lives. Add to these the burining of the vlllaga of Corning, in Western New York, and you have a very respectable list of casualties. The decision of the Walker Government, or rather the report of its comlmissioners, upon the affairs of the Transit Company, is, that the- company owes the Government $412,589, and that the property seized is valued at $161,129, leaving the very respectable balance due of $251,400. This is a way of getting supplies witl a vengeance. 3M. Forsyth, of Alabama, is to go out as 31inisteer to Mexico. The country is beginning to be excited with the throes of the conining election. The nojination of :Fremont is received with enthusiasm by his partr, and they manifest confidence in succeI The friends of Hr. Buchanan profess equal confidence, and -we look for a hard-fought battle. The demand for money continues active at the banks. Loans on calls are offered freely at from 5 to 6 per cent. The stock-market has been heavy, and lower since the sailing of the last steamer.. The import of dry goods continues at this port. The weather has been oppressively hot, but this morning there is a change. T£he health of the city continuea nusually good. There is, however, an immense fleet in qularantine, many of them with yellowF fevr on board, and croakers predict that we sishal not escape. GOLD _0no AusTRATTA.-A return movedfor by Mr. Hanke, i LP.,-shows that in 1S55 6i,S34 ounces of gol wer e\pord fromit New South Wales (Waue, %9,25U.), aginst 237,910 ounoes in 1M, MS,T52 ounoe ia 1853, 962,387 in 1S52. and 144,120 oance in S51. The ex. port of gold fromn Yitoria was in l185. 2,575,745 ounces (value, 11,303,981.), aginst 2.14t.699 ounxs in 1854, 2,497,723 ounces in 183S, 1,D88,526 ounces in 1852, and 14;.137 ounces in 1851. .Some of this gold was' exported to Anerica and to foreign countrzies. but all the gold exported from-enrNotuth Wales cxne to En.gland. The gnd Aotil value of the jold exported from both colones in the fiU learsalready mientioned amounts to 41,03G0,25!.
RBEI7TEW XAALDBRSROTI. .. I . . - . 1 . . 1 i 'The review at, Aldersho'tt yesterday passed off with great &clat, and was as brilliant an aihir as any that these times, prolific in such splendid spectacles, Ihave produced. To this result the extreme fineness of the day and the presence in the camp of a larger body of troops than has ever before been asmbed there, alike contributed. Nothing. could exceed the beauty of the weather. The heat, no doubt, was occasionally oppressive, but' the sky was as blue as an amethyst, and not one wandering cloud interposed between the sun and his nobility. In fact, it was one of those glorious-days when, to use the expressive phras-a of an Orientd writerj "the green blood dances in the veins of the rose trees," and you can almost fancy that you see the cornfields ripening. Although it was welllnown that the troops would not be under arms until a late hour of the afternoon, crowds of visitors flocked down by the early trains and beg,uiled the tedium of expectancy by strolling through the camp, observing its internal economy, and examining the unique and commodious, though not very elegant arrangements of its architecture. One of the objects which attracted particular attention was the simple, but esceedingly effective ex.pedient adopted by the Artillery for ithe atabling of their horses. ln a remote angle at the sonthern extrenut'y of the camp have been erected in crescent form a number of sheds, which, at first sight, remind the spectator of the ingenious little domicile improvised by Robinson Crusoe. They have been runl ulp" against an earthen embankment; the walls are composed partly of wattles and partly of turf, strengthened here and there by stout uprights or poles of fir; the roof is a tarpaulin, extending a sufficient depth to adndt of the water drainina into a channel, carried along the whole length of the huts. The floor is paved, and, slanting in the manner described by some of the witnesses examined before the Chelsea Commissioners, en.ables the horses to stand on dry ground in aU weathers. These primitive and inexpensive structures,which precisely resemble the stables of Captain Brandling's troop of Horse Artillery at the head of the harbour of Bala1ilava, were erected by the men themselves, with a 3ittle assistance from the Sappers and :Miners. They were completed within three weeks, and now afford comfortable accommodation to about 160 horses. What is well worthy of remark is, that these sheds afford the very mode of protection which Lord Lucan and Sir Richard Airey declared to be impossible, or, if possible, too dangerous to be adopted. A-mong other objections urged by those gallant and sagacious officers, one was, that the uprights would have been blown down and that the horses might thus have been'injured; but the simple contrivance of building the stables in crescent form against an embankment would have obviously protected them from any such catastrophe. The success of the experiment both at Balaklava and at Aldershott completely vindicates the judgment repeatedly pronounced in its favour by Colonel Tulloch, and makes it a matter of deep though now unavailing regret that it was not uiversally adopted throughout the Crimean campaign. Had it been so, a vast amount of public treasure would have been spared, and, what is more important, the cavalry would have remained efficient, nor would there have been any cause for the pathetic and characteristic lamentation of the Irish soldier, that " the fields about the British camp were alive with dead horses." The Queen and Prince Albert, attended by their suite, left Gosport yesterday at half-past mL ocelock, and, arriving at Farnborough shortly 2fter 1, were received at the station by a guard of honour of the 7th Hussars, wihich escorted them to the Pavilion. The Duke of Cambridge was so unfortunate as to miss the train by which Her Majesty travelled, and was accordingly under the necessity of engaging an express to enable him to overtake the Royal party, which he did in five minutes after their arrival in the camp. At a quarter past 4 o'clock, all the troops disposable, comprising about 20,400 men, had assembled in the Long Valley. The infantry consisted of three battalions of Guards, the first and second battalions of the Rifle Brigade, the depot of the third Battalion, and the following regiaments of the line :-the 4th, 7th, 19th, 20th, 23d, 33d, 38th, 41st, 42d, 44th, 49th, 77th, 88th, 90th, 95tb, and 0ith. The cavalry consisted of the 1st Dragoon -Guards, the Tth, 11th, and 15th Hussars, the Lat and 2d Regiments of German Light Dragoons. There were, besides, two troops of Horse Artillery, and two batteries of Field Artillery. The cavalry and artillery took up their position on the summit of the hill, the infantry were ranged across the valley in two douible lines, but owijg to the absurd regulation, which drove the public to an unnecessary distance from the troops, it was impossible to distinguish what regiments formed the front and what the rear line. We are not prepared to deny that there may have been yesterday some slight relaxation of the iron rule in this respect. The public may have been, and prohablywere, adrmitted a few feet nearer to the review ground than on former occasions, but the concession was too small to be of practical benefit. All equestrians and a favoured few on foot were no doubt admitted to a " location," as the Yankees call it, from which they could command a good view both of their Sovereign and the army; but the great body of the public-they of whom it has been roudly said that they are the true source of al legitimate power-were churlishly kept so far off as to be debarred from taking an active interest in the scene. Mlost assuredly this is as it should not be. It is very proper that the spectators at a revievr should be kept at such a distance as to ensure their -own safety and to prevent obstrtiction to the movements of the troops ; but to drive them,so far away as to preclude the possibility of their seeing with distinctness anything that is going on is a proceeding as irrational as it is illiberal. A joke is a good thing in its was, . but it loses its flavour and pungency when carried to excess, and there can be no more stupid joke than to place reviewers-for such the public are invited to become-in a position where reviewing is out of the question. It is as though the audience of a play should be kept outside while theperformance isproceeding. It is really no ordinary trial of human philosophythat,aftertravellinginarailwaycarriage alithe way fromLondontoFarnborough, andthen riding or walking from Farnborough to the review ground over some five miles of as dusty a road as any in Christendom, people should suddenly iind themselves confronted by a fierce t-rooper w;ho, flourishing his polished sabre in the air, threatens to cut them off in the flower of their days, unless they at once betake themselves to some remot-e region from which the soldiers, like Shakeaspere's famous samphire-gatherer, " look no bigger than their heads." And the worst of it is, that you have no chance against such an antagonist. You cannot hope to convince the disorderly orderly, or "by opposing end hin." He is the satellite of General Knollys, and at Aldershott Xnollys is power. But perhaps the lesson, like other disagreeable things in this world, is intended for our good, and as an illustration, rather more impressive than pleasant, of Sir Richard Steele's moral maxiim, " Let us mingle with our happiness a just sense of our transient condition." We willingly acknowledge the courtesy of the officers in command of the 5ath Hussars, who had charge of the ground. They performed an ungracious duty as graciously as might be; but we must prOtest against a regulation which interferes most vexationsly with t«e enjoyment of the people on what ought to be a festive and happy ocsion. If the authorities at Aldershott require the whole sido of :a country to review 20,000 men, what would be their perplexity if they were called upon to handle 50,000 or 100, Go in Hyde Park or the C7tamp de Mars? The Royal party arrived on the ground about 4 o'clock. Her Mlajesty, who wore a scarlet habit richly laced and the riband of the Garter, with a General's plume in her hat, rode a handsome chesnut charger, and was accompanied on one side by Prince Albert and on the other by the Duke of Camnbridge. The Princess Royal, the Princess Alice, and Prince Arthur occupied two open carriages dravwn by white horses, while a brilliant staff of officers followed. The illustrious visitors rode leisurely alongthe lines, while colours were drooped andarms presented, and the bands struck up the national anthem. This ins;pection concluded, theregiments then bro\sht their right shoulders forward by companies, the cavalry and artillery movinar to the front, and the wholo force defiled past 'her ajesty in quick timne and in open columns of companies their bands playing as they saluted. Then followed a rapid succession of attacks, retreats, skirmishes, and charges, in all of 'which the trooDsexhibited the same admirable sk;ill and discipline. t unnecessary td enterinto a minute description of the varioiis mai ceuv aisd andevolutions, for they vwere thbse which invariably take, place at a review. ;3oreover, to speak candidly, we incline to the opinion of Voltaire, who admitted that'after having read .3,000 or 4,000 descriptions of battles and some hundreds of treatises, he " did not find that he -was much wiser than before." What maLes 'a 'review attractive to the civilian is not the small details of many movements, but the * general impression of power and grandeur conveyed to his mind as the full result of all And yesterday that impression was most 'vivid and striking. The splehdour of tne spectacle. I.associated as it was with the possibly inglorious, but nevertheless very satisfactory sense of persoral safety, suggested some.such. comparison between a review and a real battle as X witty writer has instituted between artificial and natural flowers to the prejudice of the latter. That authlor used to say that he preferred artiiicial to naturalflowers, becaulse, while they wrere to the full as pretty, they never died; and if it wrere possible-which of course it' is not-to dismiss fromn consideration the objects and purposes of righteous wars, it might be admitted that a review possesses a somewhat similar advantage over a genuine conflict, We have the battlefield with its picturesque incidents and its fine | panoramic effects of colour, light, and motion, with- out that wliich to a sympathetic heart disenchanfs the magic of all those romantic accessories-the groans of dying men and the shrieks of human agony. And even by military men the review must be allowed to present superior attractions to actual strife in this respect-that, though soldiers may not achieve conquests on parade, they can at least aftirm with truth that they never sustain the ignominy of a defeat. If war could be always carried on in so genial and innocent a spirit, what an agreeable pastime it would be ! Sunset gilded the, horizon while the troops were still in motion, and then the effect of the picture was heightened and diversified by tne tender tints of evening, which toned down the rougher features of the surrounding country, and g,ave a softening character of grace to a landscape which, seen by a stronger light, is w-ild and rugged in the extreme. At the conclusion of the review Her Majesty, as if loth to leave her army, several times stopDed on her way to the Pavilion to watch the regiments as they defiled past her on their return to the camp. Only one accident worth mentioning occurred. A gun of the Horse Artillery stuck fast in a morass, and it was said that two of the horses were lost and a driver's leg broken before it could be extricated. Her Mlajesty and the RIoyal party passed the night at the Pavilion.
THE EVACUATION OF THE CRIMEA. (From the Supplement to the London Ge-ete of Tuesday, July 29-Wednesday, July 30, 1F86.) WAR DEPARTMENT, JULY 30, 1856. Lord Panmure has received a despatch, of which the following iz a copy, addressed to hiss Lordship by General Sir William Codrington, E.C.B. "CONSTAN'TINOPLE, JULY 16, 1856. " My Lord,-Finding that all arrarnements would be completed for evacuating the Crimea on the 12th inst., I wrote the previous day to the officer in comnmand of the :Russan troops, a Colonel of the Gendarmerie, at Kamiesch, that I should be ready to hand over the dockyard of Sebastopol and the port of Balaklava on that day. "Her Majesty's ship Algiers had entered the port of Balaklava on the '7th inst.; the 56th Regiment embarked in that ship on the evening of the 11th; the only troops remaining were one wing of the 50th Regiment, which formed the guard of the town that night. " The following day, the 12th, at 1 p.m., all the remaining stores and establishments having been embarked, a company of the 50th was posted outside of the town to receive the Russian troops, ancd on their approach marched in with the Russian Guard, composed of about 50 mounted Cossacks and a similar number of In'fantry Cossacks. " The usual form of salutes took place, the Russians placed sentries where they wished, and the four companies of the 50th marched on board the Algiers. I embarked vith mv personal staff at the same time. " Although the weather was unfavourable we were enabled to quit the harbour of BalakLava that evening. " Admiral Sir H. Stewart and Admiral Freemantle were at anchor outside the harbour; they weighed, and we all sailed for this place, where I arrived to-day. s" I have, &c., "W. J. CODRI3GTON, General Commanding. "Lord Panmaure, &c."
NOTVINGHAM ELECTION. NOTTINTIGHAM, JULY 30. The nomination for this borough took place at the EMchange-haU this morning at 10 o'clock. The large room was densely crowded. Last night Mr. Mills, probably considering the contest hopeless, issued the following address:- "s TO Tim ELXCTORS OF 5OlG5LUL. *Gentlemen,-Wben I consented to appear as a candidate for the representation in Parliament of your important town it was on the distinct assurance that there wies ro Other candidate of Liberal political sentiments. and I have a confident belief in the bona fidea of that assurancs. The concurrence of my views With those of the large mnajority of the Liberal party encouraged roe to expect succes; which vwa confromed by the public written -withdrawal from the teld of Mfr. Paget, a gentleman of considerable local influence, wbo ws farourably regarded by a portion of the constitnency. lcw that, in conmeqgence of the public meeting last evening, that gentleman has declared his Intention to persist in appealing to yoar suffrages, I r-ollingly retire from a contest, rather than incur the imputation of eamaging the Liberal cause in te beorough, endangered as it is by the expectation of a candidate to be brought foard by our political opponents. Whether the versatility of that gentleman justiies the coufidence he claims from you is a matter for yo-ur own decision. In purouing this course I have the consciouness of acting with a due regard to those principles which I have alray3 professed, and to the interests of that party to which I am attached. * To those gentlemen who bave proffered me their cordial espport, and their best exertions, I beg to return my sincere thankls; and, with an earnest desire for the prosperity of your town, I remain, gentlemen, your obedient servant, Kottingham, July 29. J. I. MIIIIS." Among those upon the hustings were Messrs. G. B. Paget, F. Close, N. Hurst, L Haymann, B. Hawkridge, W. Taylor, C. Thornton, ex-Mayor Thackeray, L. Berenhart, J. Fox, A. hfundella, W. Page, J. Keeley, &c., the supporters of Mfr. Paget comprising men embracing every shade of political opinion. AMr. THACICERAY (ex-Mayor) proposed Mr. Charles Paget, of Ruddington-grange, as a fit and proper person to represent the borough of Nottingham in Parliament, believing that that gentleman, if elected, would follow in the steps of the late excelent representative, Mr. Edvard Strutt. Air. MUNDELLA seconded the nomination. Mr. Councillor SwV.EE proposed Mr. Ernest Jones. Mr. MsLtwsow seconded the nomination. Mr. PAGET, upon rising to address the meeting, was received with cheers. He said, before he proceeded to matters personal to himself, they must permit him to notice one observation of blr. Mundella-namely, his position with his brother landholders at the time of that arduous contest (the free-trade struggle) which they all recollected. He then had an opportunity of testing their feelings, and that was, perhaps, one of the strongest which probably could have occursed, in the very heat of the contest, in the year 1844, two years before the victory was gained. As High Sheriff he (r. P'aget) summoned the grand jury of the county to meet the judges at the assires. The day before that meeting Mtr. Cobden made use of a letter from hiun in that excellent speech of his in the Ho;use of Commons to forward the cause of freetrade. He (Mr. Paget) confessed that it did cross his mind that tbis mielt influence, in some measure, the attendance of thosegentiemenuponhim,whichwasalways consicered as a mark of personal respect to the High Sheriff. He, however, did not meet with a cold look; he was as weU attended as he could possibly have wished, had they aU agreed sith him in their politicalsentiments. He had oftefi repeated the fas as one which redounded greatly to their honour. (Hear, hear.) He was proDosed to succeed his friend hlr. Strutt. The last - time he (Mr. Paget) addressed them from that place it was to introduce him to their notice. He only wished he could feel as certain that the promise which his sponsors had made in his behalf would he fulfilled, as he was convinced that Mr. Strutt would do nlI 4at he-knowing him from boyhood-predicated for him, and all of which they had found him do. FA voice.-" He's np to nought.'1 W., was glad that Hler M ajesty had thought ft right to do on his behalf, and on behalf of the manufacturers of England, an unprecedented feat-to, raise a manufacturer, one who was still a manufacturer, as the representative of the manufac- urors, to the British House o?Peers. (Applause.) He was also delighted with the perfect good tastc and simplicity wvith which Lord Belper had received his honours. He alluded to himself in his retiring address as a manufacturer. and he still adhered to his order. The name which he had taken (Lord Belper) was one perlaps better known on the continent of Europe than it was here. Scarcely a woman plied her lcnittmg needles in the plains of Germany but she made nse of mnaterials on the vr~ pers of which the name of "Belper" wvas prtinted. Fe now came to matters personal to mimelf. 'AVhen he was solicted to come forward to offer himself aws their representative it was done in a manner which it was perfectly impossible to resist. Had he proposed himself, hewould hase bad to loolk at what were his claims upon sottingham; but, as matters now stood, he had to look at rhat cloims NJottingham load apon him. (Cheers.) Frohm the first of hsis coming forwrard he had been received hr all cl,.es and by all parties with the utmost courtsyan& cordiality. He haid never, therefore, abir'iced any question1 a! public intoerest, but had takien in many of themu, in wvhich they were very much interosfed, a very active andleading part; audhe' did believe that he had not lost a friend or made an enoemy byivhat he had done on those occasions. It was as a magistrate of the toiwn that ho -first became actively acquainted with- the administration, of the law; -sinoe thin he had -net them- repeatedly, and he had been supported by themi in' questions in. which they agreed together inthe kindest possible matmer. The subjects upon 'which to address an 'assembly of this iind were, he was very glad o say, much narroweed since. he first' eccupied those hustings. How mnany ol the laws pressing 'upon the poor man-pressing ucon them aU-hadben removed! When he first came upon the hustings he was ineligible to be a magistrate, because he could not conscientious,y puatake of the communion of tbe church of England. That was one of the first disabilities that was removed. Then. came that great movement which in its effects had transferred Ireland fromi heing a thorn in ourside to be our.ght hand-he alluded to Catholic emancipation. (Cheers ben there was municipal reform, and the reform in the Parliament of England. That 'was a great, a bold, and - an audacious, but a at happily audacious, measure. It threw aside the power of the oligarchy which formerly controlled England; so that noy, however far from perfection our rysem of reprssentation might be, still it was in such a state that the mindof the people of Eneland couild never be inade up on any question without that opinion being acted upon inParliament ma very short time. (Cheers.) Hethoughttherewasno one-not even thestrongestopponentofthatreformjnParliamentatthetime, -who would wish now for any consideration to return to the state in which they then were. Ile thought they were all convinced that the system of rotten boroughs and nomination, was one which England would not bear. There was also a great extension of the suffrage made at that time. It was uite right to widen the basis so long as the foundation 'n ,wich it rested was firm. If they built upon the quicksand their house might faU ; butif tlhey could get a solid and good foundation then the wider the basis the better it was. Now, how were we to obtain a good, solid foundation? It was by educating the people. (Cheers.) They might s in France what had been the consequence of suddenly giving to a whole nation universal sulirsge. Beginning at firt with the mostrepublican institutions, they soon became tired of them, becausetbey did notfind themworkasthey expected [A Voice, "They'll soon be tiredagain"]; and then equaUy by universal suffrage they had elected a despot. 'Che reason why the French bad so done was this,-they were not well informed and educated. If they had been so, they would have preferred liberty to license, and we should not have seen the spectacle of a single man wielding at his will the whole energies of the French people. (Hear, hear.) He should always be open to an extension of the franchise -where it could be done with safety. But he did think that there never -was a nation, so far as history informed us, in the world, in wbich there had been for so long aperiod so much happiness and prosperity, so much order, and so much real liberty, as in this land of ours. (Loud cheers.) And if he ventured to touch that constituion under which they had enjoyed aU those blessings, it would be with a tender band and full of veneration. [A Voice.-" It's your own class that enjoys them, and not the working classes.] If they had enjoyed all those benefits under the constitution, he did think it the duty of the Legislature in these days to take care not to pass any bad laws. Let them look at the history of our strife to improve our country for the last 30 years. What had it been? Not maldng laws but they had been repealimg laws by which our liberties had been restrained and our trade fettered. (Cheers.) Then there was another great function of the House of Commons, and that was, that it held the pursestrings of the nation. [A Voice.-" They throw money away."] As far as he was concerned, he should be inclined toholI the strings with a firm, but not with a niggardly hand. He thought that the business of a nation should be conducted, as far as possible, in the same way as the private business of any individual would be conducted if done as it ought to be-that is to sty, he should have the whole of the machinery in as perfect a state of efficiency as he could. (Hear, hear.) Now, he thought there had been a great error; and, if they had learnt nothing else from the late military inquiry into those disasters which preceded and caused it, they had learnt this, that somewhere or other they wanted some overlooking power, which should prevent a repetition of those terrible mistakes which had been made. They had had a board of general officers sitting in inquiry upon other general officers. They say the diasters were the result of no fault of theirs. If that was so, the fault mnst lie somewhere, and the House of Comaaons ouoght diligently to search where it lay, in order that they might administer a cure. (Cheers) He rejoiced at one great change which had been effected, and that was the examination of candidates for the civil offices of the State. That would open, he hoped, a field for those who would properly qualify themselves to enter the public service. In that way we should probably be able to secure men compe. tent to send a distance of 3,000 miles pickaxes that would not break the furat time they were used by unpractised hands. (Cheers ) And then, again, he hoped it would prevent those ickaxes being intrusted to unpractised hands. He wanteT to know why soldiers, who knew well enough how to handle a musket, should be sent to war knowing nothing at all about was requisite for their health or -for securing their efficiency in \- the field ? He wanted to know why tho officers- were -not able to instruct their men, when they were ignorant about these commonthings ? [A Voice.-"They don't know theirtrade."J He trusted there was a feeling abroad in the country which would compel the Government to give us an efficient army, led by efficient officers. (Cheers.) A feelng was entertained in the country that we ought to lay out a great deal of money in preparation for a future war. On that question he would say a few words. If any of that assembly contemplated a severe competition in their business in 20 years, would they go to a machine maker to manufacture an immense quantity of machinery, and then let it lay by for 20 years until it was thoroughly out of date ? The case was much stronger than this with regard to warlike implements. We were on the verge of immense improvements in our artilery, and to lay in immense stores for warlike purposes now would bce throwing away our money. In this great country of England there was such a v2st amount of machi. nery that at whatever time we vwanted to go to war aU we wanted could be very rapidly made. Therefore he should be against all great establishments, because they pressed upon the people i the shape of taxation, and were only the means of laying up a quantity of arms that would prove inferior in the day of trial. (Cheers.) Upon the question of education he had a few remarks to make. He thought that this subject had been talked about long enough, and that it was high time we were up and doing. (CSheers.) He was not bigoted in favour of any particular plan, hut he did think that any plan was better than uone at all. If they acted upon a scheme which contained certain evils, let them leave it with the common sense of the people of England to effect their cure. There was no doubt the anestion would come before the next House of Commons. Xe had seen a petition on the part of Manchester, praying to establish a school on the principle of admitting al sects into it, to impart only a secular education. That petition asked that it might be inspected by Government inspectors, in order that they might see what was really the working of the education 'hat was imparted in that schooL The answer given on tlle part of the Privy Cc'uncil was, that unless religious instruction were given in the school they could not acknowledge it. They could not, therefore, inspect it, and they will not give it any funds (" Shame.") HTe did not say " shame," because they wereonly actin" in accordance wtith the rules laid down. He could not but believe that question would be brought before Parliament. Some time ago the people of Manchester offered themselves to pay a school-rate, so that the whole of the people should be educated; but there ware some points in their scheme which did not please the Government of that period, and the bill then promoted to enable them to try the experiment was rejected for this reason :-If it was good for Manchester tsaid they) it was good for the whole empire-Manchester shall not tryit. If any of the assembly who had machinery were to hear of some scheme for improving it, would they not try its effects on one of their machines before they applied it to the rest? Upon the same principle ought we to deal in reference to theeducation of the people. (AVoice.-"Give us your political opinions.") Ho was asked to state his political opinions. He conceived that whatever belonged to the question of education was political information. (Hear.) 'Ihat must-be the foundation of any increase of the franchise. The question of education was the foundation of aU politics. (Cheers.) In conclusion, he would say, that he could give them~ no pledge whatever, except his previous life. (Cheers.) He had no other to offer. If they did him the honour of electing him, he did not go as a delegate to an assembly of delegates, but, asthe representative of Nottingham to a deliberative assembly. He would not go ro tied that whatever he might hear there would have no effect nuon his vote. {Cheers.-) It was nob very probable, at his t-ie of life, that any chauge in the current of his opinions would be effected, but in matters of detail it was qouite possible that what he had blieved to be best at one time under one set of circumstances would not in his view be the best under another combination of circumstances. (Cheers.) If they were willing to accept him as their representative, he would, God helping him, do his duty in that position. (Cheers.) Mr. ESmi JoNEs, in concluding a long speech, said, that he should not this time go to the poll (as the present Parliament would not las much longer, but at a future period he most certainly should contest the borough. The show of hands was in favour of Mr. Jones, but he withdrew, and 'or. Charles Paget -was declared duly elected. A vote of thanks to the Sheriff terminated the proceedings.
COURT CIRCULAR. OSBORNTE, JULY 30, The Queen and the Prince, accompanied by the Prin cess Royal, Princess Alice, and Prince Arthur, left Osborne this morning, at a quarter past 10 o'clock, for Aldershott Camp. Lady Churchill has succeeded the Countess of Desart Rs Iady in Waiting. A deputation on the subject of a park Eor the borough of Finsbury had an interview with Viscount Palmerston yesterday. The deputation eonsisted of --from the vestry of Islington-Messrs. William Harvey, T. Vincent, William Cox, and John Layton, vestry clerk; from the vestry of Clerkenwell-Mesrsm Thomas Dix, William Jones, and Thomas Cromwell, clerk to the vestry; from the Board of Works, Holborn-Messrs. Robert Bildoch, and S. W. Hopwood, clerk of works; from the vestry of Stoke Newington -Messrs. William Cooper and Alfred Taylor; from a com. mittee of the borough of Finsbury-Mr. Charles Woodward, J.P., Messrs. James John Downes, Wiliam Tyler, Jobn Barnett, and H. Clifton; from St. Luke's, Old-street-Mr. Alfred Walker, cbairman of the Sanitary Committee. The deputation was introduced by Lord Robert Grosvenor and Alr. Thomas Slingsby Duncombe, M.P., Finsbury. ArEzaED ROYAL Viss -There is not, we believe, the least foundation for the atatements made circumstntially by several of our conteojporarMes, to the effect that Her Majesty is about to visit LMsbon, Berlin, ana Dabli. No such visits are contemplated, and the movements of the Couirt this year wi not, we anticipate, extend beyond the ac=cutomxed autumnal sojourn in the Highland&-Gae.
: V :: :': E . - T l !: , . i 7 ]' \ i , t4 'A ;M ,,, (F,FtOM om 0W'UR CORRESPONDIiT;c DUBLIN, WIEDSX5DAY.. TI- MUTINY AT EXAOG. Yesterday the cases of the persons implicated in tho uautiny at Nenagh. were finally disposed of at The NIorth iding of TiDperary assizes. Thomas Carr, a lance corporal of the Tipperary Mlfitia, was put upon his trial as a ringleader in the recent riot, and was found guilty, whereupon aRl the other prisoners, uinder the advice of their counsel, pleaded "guilty." Mlr. Justico Moore then proceeded to sentence the prisoners :-Stephen Burns, for the wilful murder of Patrick Curley, a soldier of the 4 tst -Regiment, to be hanged, and his body ,buried within the pre'cincts of the gaol; John Barron, Edward Lafian, William Cummina, Thomas Carr, and CorneliusRyan, to be each transported for 15 years. The learned Judge, [in passing sentence upon Burns, said "No doubt could be entertained on the evidence but that the unfortunate man lost his life by his (theprisoner's) hand. The deceased had been inthe service of Her Majesty. He had served with distinction abroad, and having survived the perils of a hard-fought campaign, he returned to his country to receive his death at the hands of a comrade. He believed the prisoner acted under circumistances of great e=bitement, but no excitement could justify the crime of murder. Re did not desire to say anything to aggravate his feelings, but he hoped that among these feelings were to be found deep regret that he had taken the life of a fellowcreature. He vwas happy to thiak and hope that, though he hed been guilty of the crime, it had not been attended with those circumstances of atrocity which sometimes attend the commission of crime in this country. It did not appear that he knew the individual he had murdered, and he bore him no ill-will. Nothing remained for him but to pass on him the dreadful sentence of the law. He had no powoer over that sentenc either to vary or abridge it. He had been recommended to mercy, but he (his Lordship) had no power to let that operate upon the sentence. That recommendation wrould be forwarded to tho Government, bacled by him as far as he could go. It was not for him to hold out hope. He could not say there was no hope, nor could he say there was hope. His Lordship then passed sentence of death on the prisouer in the usual form." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 95f j'; ditto, for account. August 12, 95s 96; New Three ner Cent. Stock, 96A t f; ditto, for account, August 12, 961. Railways.-Cork .aid Bandon (501. paid), 1M.I; DtLblin and Kingstown (1l01. paid), 170; Great Southern and Western (501. paid), 58A i- ditto, eighths, 6 per cent. preference (61. 5s. paidf 7;ditto, paid in full (20, 195; Irish South-Eastern (121. paid), 7.A; Midland Great Western, and Royal Canal 450l. pai(l), 54i; Waterford and KiLkenny (207. paid), 6: ditto, nevr 6 per cent, preference (41. lOs. psid), Si; Waterford and Limnerick, 5 per cent, preference (5Q7. paid), 4 Sf. _ _ _ __ _ _ _
THE LATE FATAL COLLISION 0N THE MEZSEY. IJVERPOOI, JcTL1 30. The protracted inquiry before 'MAr. Statham, the deputy coroner, closed this afternoon, after being ten times adjourned. The bulk of the evidence went to show that the Excelsior, on the one hand, was on the wrong side of the river, being near the Cheshire shore in leaving the river, and thus occupyingthe incoming course, and that there was a want of attention on the part of the look-outs, who just before the collision were coiling a hawser, and were not aware of the Mail's being ahead until their attention was called to it by the mate. On the other hand, the statements made by persons on board the Excelsior were to the effect that the port and starboard lights of the Mail wvere so improperly placed, or were b7uning so bady, that they were not seen by the Exicelsior, although the M tey was straight ahead of her. At the close of the evidence the Deputy-Coroner summed up, and concluded by putting the follow,ing questions,vwhich had been suggested by Captain Hodsen, herhour-mnater of Liverpool, who had himself answered the first two:- 1. Was the Mail on the proper side of the river 9-All the evidence proves such was the case. 2. Did the Mail do right in porting her helm when they saw the green light of the Excelsior, denoting the helm was a-starbonrd ?-Yes. Under the circumstances, the captain of the Mail had ported his helm and stopped the engines. Not having time to reverse, he could do no more to avoid the collision. 3. The most important point. Were the side-lights on board the Mail in a proper position to bo seen, agreeably to the act 1 and, if so, were they sufficiently clear at the time of the collision to be seen half a mile off-a distance sufficient for avoiding a collision ? 4. Should the urybe of opinion that the Mail's lights were as describedt by the mate of the Maria and policeman No. 9, the case is decided, and the Mail cleared of any blame. 5. Such being the case, who on board the Excelsioz is to blame?-The person in charge, for havingbeen on the wrong side of the *iver, and the man who had the look-out, for not having seen the Mail's lights in time to avoid the collision. 6. If the jury cannot be satisfied from the evidence that tho Mail's lights were as they ought to have been-either that they wvere improperly ced, or were too dim-the blame must be divided-the Excelsior in tho first place for being on the wrong side of the river, and the Mail for not having sufficient lights. BY ELE:CTRIC TRELGRAPH After an absence of two hours and a half, the juryreturned a verdict of manslaughter against the pilot (William Bewer) andthe mate of the Excelsior (William Shaw), coupled With a reprimand of the captain of the Excelsior for not main. taining greater discipline on board.
EARL. G sNusvnxe'S MkSSsoN To Moscow-His Excellency Earl Granville, Ambassador Extraordinary to the coronation of the Emperor Alexander L1. of Russia, accompanied by the Countess Granville, left Carlsbad on Saturday last for Dresden, which capital the noble Earl ansI Countess were to leave on Monday for Hamburg en route to Kiel, there to embark for Cronstadt, on their way to St. Petersburg. On Sunday and Monday Sir Robert Peel, M.P. and Lady Emily Peel, the Marquis and Marchioness of Stafford, the Earl of Dalkeith. Hon. Frederick Leveson and Lady Margaret Gower, Mr. Viaiers Lister, Lord Burghersh, Hon. Gerald Ponsonby, Dr. Sandwith, &c., all attached to the embassy, left tovn for Dover in order to embark on board the St. Jean d'Acre, 101, screw steamship, under the command of Captain George St. Vincent King, C.B.; which fine ship left DevonDort at an early hour on Sunday morningfor the Downs. The five carrisgesand above 20horses, with the principal domestics of the noble Earl's household, left the Thames about 10 days since for St. Petersburg. The state-coach of his Excellency was made by one of the first manufacturers in London, and was constructed in five weeks. It is of a royal blue, picked out with crimson, orange, and light blue, all the mountin-ms being of silver. The hammercloth is of white clot ornamented with white and blue gimp and fringe, tastefully designed, on which is a crimson velvet banner, displaying the family arms of the Earl in chased silver. The linin and cushions of the interior are of rich white watered silk. On the door panels and in front and back of the coach the arms of his Excellency are fully emblazoned, the side patuels being emblazoned wvith the family crest. The four other carriages are very elegant, but less gorgeous, as they are intended for the noblemen and gentlemen in the retinue of his Excellency. THE HALF-HOLYDAY MOVE SENT Dr MANCHESTER. The warehonsemen, clerks, and factory operatives of MIan. -chester having some time since obtained a half-holyday every Saturday, an effort is now making to obtain the same boon for shopmen. With this view a meeting of retail tradesmen was held in the Mechanics' Institution yesterday, at which the Mayor, Mr. James Watts, presided. The advocates of the half-holyday were divided into two classes, one favouring the closing of shops onSaturday afternoons,and the o*her on Wednesday afternoons. About 25 speakers addressed the meeting, and a resolution having been moved for a Wednesday half-holyday, an amendment was made in faTour of Saturday. The chief argument for Wednesday was that Saturday was the general wageday for the working people, and that retail grocers, drapers, and others, could not possibly afford to lose the Saturday afternoon. Several shopkeepers present declared that their receipts after 2 o'cloek on Saturday afternoon were nearlv equal to the rest of the week's, and they thought that the closing of the larger shops would only be throwing trade into the hands of smaller dealers, and would not check the system of purchasing on Saturday afternoons. The arguments for closing on Saturdays were numerous,-that the half-holyday on Sa'urdays was already observed by a la-ge portion of the community; that it was the cheap-trip day on the railways, giving to the shopman an opportumnty of recreation he could obtain on no other day; that in counexion with Sunday it would give young men an opportunity of visiting their friends at a distance; and that it would secure a better observance of the Sabbath, because, owing to the late hours now observed on Saturdays, shopmen were tempted to sleep awav the Sunday morning, and uMfit to join in religious observances. On the amendment being put, it was carried by a large majority, and a committee was formed to take active steps for procuring the assent of shopkeepers to the movement as far as possible. Many of the large establishments in the centre of the town had already expressed a ;willinguess to close at 2 o'clock on Saturday afternoons, and an opinion appeared to prevail that others could be induced to close at 6, and then at an earlier hour, so as to gradually change the habits of the rorkdaig peonle, who are gnvento purchasmg on Saturday evenings. A n idea was thrown out. too. that the market might be changed to some other day than Saturday, and that many small emnployers of labour maight be got to followr the example of larger ones, and py wages on Friday, so as to remove the necessfity of so musch shopping on Saturdays. WESLEYAw COmpis uCE.-At the Wesleyan Conference which commenced its sittings at Bristol yesterday morning there were three candidates for the presldentship -the Rev. Robert Young, the :ev. John Bowers, and the Rev. J. B. West. The election fell upon the frst-named gentleman, The Rev. Dr. Hannah was appointed seretr7, and the following rmiliters chosen to fill up vacancies an the council of 10b, theoparties being appointezd according to EeniOrity, ex:cet the last twro, wrho were elected by the conference :-Th, eis. Roger Moore, L Strachan, J. Broa,d- bent, Joha Sith George Jackon, W, D, tGay, Peter. DuncanL gan w. Arthur,
I * ^ SPORIN -W!P,l lTENB. I 7 GOODWOOD RAEwi-MY. - Although the programme 'cortia-eoo si x itmssat,5 moiety ofw wich was utterly devoid of interest, the tofbluedattractions of "'The StaLes" andthe Stewrde' Csp drew together a large iassexl e of all sorts and conditioms of people. Indeed,-in eveayespect-the attendance gsowdd a 2relgIked improvement7 on that of yesterday. Onrbc side o!f the straight run in there ws a goodly: j~~ of spectators, and the Grand Stand and la wnvere crowded with agay and fashionable campauy. The sun shne*tit nclouded. brilliancy, and hill and valley g1istened?tud quivered in the golden haze. Flymtn at Chichlester, and Drayton -became doubly ex. tortionate in their demands, and stroggled and fought :for "fares" 'with jwonderful energy and physical force.. To prevent being carried bodily offby these " Bshi-Baxou;s" requiredthe exertion of no littlo courage and dexterity. Lang lines of 'vehicles dragged their slow length up the hill, and many were the "blocks" and stoppages made by the panting, over-driven horses. Troops of uncoated pedestrians trudged stoutly over the bright green turf and through the wood towards the course, while many tired and sunburnt pleasure-seekers laytumbled abbut the grass under the shade of hill and tree. The handicap events commanded numerous competitors, and, although specnlation was somewhat limited in its range, yet bookmsalers found it profitable. Custom has rendered the Gcodwood Stakes the leading attraction in the day's spart, albeit in interest and popuarity it has a j*werful rival in the Stewards' Cap, which was imported into the programme last year. The "Stakes," however, derived unexpected limportance from the fact of the field being larger than had been anticipated, and from the circamstance of several changes having been made at the last mnoment in the betting. Zeta and Goldhill maintained their relative positions in the marklet with some firmness, notwithstanding the introduction of several formidable candidates for support. On the strngth of a reported favourable trial Sandboy, who during the winter months had established a somewhat high reputation as a hurdle racer, was on Tuesday afternoon backed with considerable confidence, and this morning, when it became known that he had been purchased by Mr. Howard for 125., with a contingency of an additional 500M. should he win the Stakes, ho Was advanced to 7 to L Homily and Lundyfoot were the only other animlals of importance that were brought into the market. The result of the race could not have been unexpected for Pretty Boy, who had displayed much racing ability at Manchester, Liverpool, and Nottingham, was spiritedly supported by his owners. Still, by the public generally he was not trusted, having incurred by his previous successes a penalty of lOlb., which increased his weight to 7st. Sib. His achievement proves him to be an animal of a vastly superior stamp. Sandboy's performance showed that his party were not far out in their calculations. The leading favourites, Zeta and Goldhill, failed to obtain places. An incident of a most painful and deplorable nature marked the encounter. As the horses were roundingthe turn at the "Clump" Chevy Chase bolted, ran up the embankment and fell. Seven others were in consequence brought to the ground, and it was by the merest chance that both Pretty Boy and Diana escaped coming into collision with' them. Diana leaped over one of the fallen horses, and a " plate" which flew into the air struck her riderand cut his face. Pretty Boy was" ranmmed" tight throughthe horses and riders as they lay sprawling on the ground. The race was now by the majority of the spectators disregarded, and a most painful sensation was created. Assistance was instantly rendered. Hall, the rider of Lundyfoot, Cress. wel, the rider of Vandal, and J. Steggles, the rider of Comedy, fortunately escaped with only a slight shaking. The others, however, were more or less severely injured, and, were conveyed to the Royal Sussex Infirmary. Chichester. On inquiring late in the evening we ascertained that Bartholomew had sustained a severe concussion of the brain, and that he was lying in a most precarious condition. Mundy had his thigh fractured and collar-bone broken; Ashmall escaped with a broken collarbone, and Hearnden with a cut in the head; Salter was much shaken aud stunned. The sufferers are under the care of Mr. Elliott, house-surgeon to the iufirmary. Chevy Chase broke her leg and was destroyed. The only other animal injured was Vandal, who had a piec-e torn out of his shoulder. The distressing occurrence just described seemed to cast a I gloom over the spectators. Upwards of an hour elapsed before the race following the Goodwood Stakes was decided, and all persons expressed the deepest sympathy for the Poor feulows, and evinced the greatest anxiety in their inquiries respecting them. The Stewards' Cap was won by New Brighton, a veritable outsider. 'The trophy consists of a group in silver, representing Alfred the Great ordering the release of the rife and family of HMesten, the renowned Danish chieftain, after the battle of Bemfieet, in Essex. It was modelled by 3Mr. E. H. Bailey, R.A, and manufactured by Messrs, Hunt and RoskeU. Snbjoined is a detailed account of the day's sport:- HAIxDcAP PLATE of 501. Half a-mile. Lord Wilton's fily by Birdeatcher, - Sacrifice, 3 yrs, 6st. 41b. (Cresaweil)-.. .. .. .. ..1 Mr. Payne's filly by Orlaudo, - Farmer's Daughter, 2 yrs, 4st. 121b. (Dear) ... .. .2... ... ...2 Mrr. 3torris's Comfort, 5 yrs, Sst. ili 7b. (Basham) .. 3 3fr. Theluvscson's Madame Clicquot, 2 yrs, sGt. (Bullock) 4 The following also ran: Mtr. Banks's Lord Albemarle, 6 yrs, 8St. 71b. (A. Cowley). Mr. Armstrong's Eliza, 4 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Crouch). Mr. Bliwes's British Remedy, 3 yre, 7st. Mlb. (J. Steggles). 3tr. Drinkalid's Professor Airy, 4 yrs, 7st. (Corey). Captain Christie's Roving Betsy, 4 yrs, 6st. 101b. (T. Cliff). MIr. Mellish's Jen d'Esprit, 3 yrs, 6st. 91b. (Fordhama). Mtr. Saxon's Tom Thumb, 3 yrs, 6st. 91b. (Tuck). Mr. Rayner's Judy, 3 yrs, 5st. lOlb. (Edgerton). Mr. J. Merrv's colt by Touchstone, - Diphthong, 2 yrs, ast. 71b. (Chaloner). Captain Christie's Amati, 2 yrs, 5st. 21b. (Pritchard). MIr. W. Dvay's Equinox-, 2 yrs, 5st. (carried 5st. 51b.) 3Ir. Snewing's Annot Lyle, 2 yrs, 4st. 121b. (Britton). Mfr. Hioward's Sister to Bald Buccleugh, 2 yrs, 4st. 41b. (carried 5st. 31b.) (Bundy). Betting.-4 to 1 agst Comfort, 6 to 1 each agst Farmer's Danghter filley and Dipthong colt, 7 to 1 agst Sacrifice filly. 10 to 1 each agst Jeu d'Esprit. and British Remedy. The four placed ran in front throughout. Won by three. quarters of a length, a length between the second and third, and a head between the third and fourth. British Remedy was fifth, about two lengths behind Madame Chequot; Amati, Tom Tnumb, Sister to Bold Buccleugh, and Annot Lyle, welluipwith BritishR emedy, formedlthenextlot. Judy lost several lengths start, and Equinox was left at the post. The DRs&Nw\aG RIOOa STAKES of 25 sovs. each subscrip- tion, wvith a bonus by independent subs. of 10 sovs. each for 3-yr-olds; colts, Sst. 71b; fillies, Sst. 21b. Once round. Six subs. to stakes and six to bonus. Lord Ailesbury's Intimidation, by Orlando, Sgt. 21b. (Flatwan) . ... ... ... Captain White's Ulysses, 8st. 71b. (Bartholomew) .. 2 Betting.-2 to I on Intimidation. Won by a length and a-half. They only raced the last half-mile. The GOODnVOOD STAKES of 25 sovs. each, 15 ft., and 5 only if declared, &c. Gertain penaltiesforwinners. The second to receive 100 sovs. from the stakes. Tao miles and a-half. 113 subs., 69 of whom pay 5 sovs. each. Mfr. Barber's Pretty Boy, by Idle Boy, 3 yrs, 7st. Sib. (including lOlb. extra) (Alderoft) ... .. 1 .. Mr. Howard's Sandboy, 4 yrs, 7st. Glb. (Fordhamj) . 2 Mr. Jackson's Lady Tatton, 4 yrs, 7st. lOlb. (J. Osborne) 3 Mr. Snewing's Pole Star, 4 yrs, 8st. 71b. (in. Slb. extra) (Flatman) ... ... ... ... ... ... ...4 The foliowing also ran:- Mr. Brown's Speed-the-Plough, 6 yrs (in. 31b. extra), Sst. 101b. (Ashmall). Baron Rothschild's Hungerford, aged, Sst. 71b. (Bartholo- mew). Lord Cli}den's Homily, 4 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Wakefieldl. Sir C. Monck-'s Vandal, 4 yrs, 7st. 21b. (Cresswell). AL Aunmont's Pen d'Espoir, 4 yrs, 7st. 21b. (Bates). Mr. J. Mlerry's Lundyfoot, 3 yrs, 7st. (J. Hall). Mr. Edwards's Jolly Marine, 4yrg, 6st. lOlb. (Mdundy). Baton Rothschild's Comedy, 3 yrs, 6st. lOib. (J. Steggles). Ir. Mather's St. Clare, 5 yrs (including 31b. extra), 6st. 91b. (J. Forster). lIr. J. Day's Diana, 5 yrs, Gst. 71b. (Crouch). Captain White's High Priest, 4yrs, 6st. 71b. (Plumb). Mr- GuUy's Enchanter, 3 yrs, 6st. 71b. (Salter). Lord Zetland's Zeta, 3 yrs (including 71b. extra), 6st, 51b. (ChallonerJ. Mi. Stone's Pair Geraldine, 3 yrs, Got. 21b. (Bray). Mr. T. Par's Goldhill, 3 yrs (including Glb. extra), Gst. 21b. (Quinton). Lard Exeter's Besika, 3 yrs, 5st. 91b. (Edwards). Mr. Treon's Van Eyck, 3 yra, 5st. 71b. (BuUock). Mr. Wailer's R9ing Cob, 3 yrs, fist 71b. (Bnndyh. Lord Glasgowf's colt by Birdcatcher,-Maid of Macham, 3 yrs, 5st. 61b. (Eibberd)- Captain Christie's Bandalore, 3 jrs, 5st. 51b. (Pritchird). Sir Ht. Pigott's Chevy Chase, 3 yrs, 4st. 71b. (carried 4st. lllb.) (:earnden). c Betting at Starting.- 5 to 1 agst Zeta, 7 to 1 each agst GoldhiU and Samdboy, lO to 1 agst Bandalore, 12 to 1 each agst Homily and Vandal, 100 to S agst Lady Tatton, 20 to 1 each agat Pole Star, Lundyfoot, and Van Eyck; 25 to I each agst Pretty Boy and Hungerford, 30 to l each agst Jolly Marine and Fair Geraldine, 33 to 1 each agVt Comedy and High Priest, and 50 to 1 agst Speed-the-Plough. The horses were conducted to the post in Indian file, but, iafter being drawn up in a lina, the rank was twice thrown into disorder before the signal was finally given. The Maid of Masham colt, High Priest, and Diana were; the first off but they had scarcely proceeded SOyards when Chevy Chaso rushed to the front, the others clustering so closely in her wake thst it was impossible with au_ydegpeeof accuracy to determine the relative positions of tih le#dL'g horne.^ Homily, however, -showed conspicuously in the Wr_ *Onturninge- o£t.4he straghtXi Cobbor&e oelour in ~advoe, Chevy Chwi, Bsi&a, Diana, and HighlPria going on in close pursuitearlyin the order in which we hatte aet&w heirnee.- A stey round ihe bend at the clunip Chevy Cha.e rin up' tho embanlunent ip4Ie zigbtd and, !ippIng, 1k on her hi;uichis into the cou causedaone.bfthose-deplorable ccidents hicaS ar& of e occur-enoeoiliie0erf. A,cneCofdidfi' co ona anxiet as presented; seven horsas feflln.ftiam& simutaneously-Vin, J3olly 'Marine, HEngerford; Comedy, En; -chunter,' Lnndyfog, Yandal and Speed.tbe-Ploulgh Tlbe njurtee sulrstained by the jockeys 'ure aiMed els6where. Alter tbis accident' Diana took up tli runnngi Bandalore and Zeta beiujsezord ' aid 'hfd, St: Clare, Goldhill, Lad TAton,. Pble 'Sti, aid Fetx d&apoirci'usweringwrell up-behind them.E inte;iri wake was Pretty Boy. As they rose the hill and approaied'th! last turn Sandboy an--Lady Tittn6 i'erIe seen-to emter- from the ruck but the odly aioloworthy cachge' 0Gcurredi at the distance, where IDianiC gave. way. re- pectively to Sandboy and LdJ , Tatton, and went on third, with -Goldhill next, BRandalore, Zeta .Pe Star, and Pretty Boy showing prominently in her wake. In a fewr strides further Goi:ill ahaS beaten, aud halfwayap the distance pretty Boy passed Lady Tton5 headed Sandboy within a fewpacs of the Grand Stad, ana atlast wonby hif-A length; same .distaaoe separating x second from the-third, three lengths between the third and fourth; Goldhill, Zeta, mad BesiDa were next. Ata wida inteval behind theni came High Priest, Van Eyck, d Disna King CobswalJed in. Challoner wvas fined 5g., and' fibberd was reprimandedfor disobeying the orders of the starter. THE CowunAy STAKES of 10 .OV,_ each, h ft, with 50 added for 2yr-olds and upwards. The winner to be wod forl5&. iE demanded, &c T. Y C. 6 sub. Mr. Amstrong's Alcyone, by Robert de Gorham, 4 yr3;, "at. 4Th. (Sly) .. TMr. Howad'sUChw, 2 jrs, 2St 41b (Fordam) . 2 Lord Anglesey's Miss lNghtingale, 2 ys,- st 491 (Hib Mr lEvan's Eare;rop, 3 yrs, 8st. 6lb' ''yte'a' 4 Betting-6 to 4 aggt Eardrop, 3 to 1 each gst Alcyone and Chow, 4 to agst Miss Nightingale. Alcyoneamade ali the running ard won bya neck; three lengths between the second and third. Eardrop was close up with Miss Nightingale. The SmEAPD'S Cup, value 300 sovs. (handicap), by sub. scription of 10 so, each, with 100 added. The surplus to be paid to the winner in specie. T.Y.C. 65 subs. Mr. F. Fisher's lNTew Brighton, by Birkenhead, 6 yxr, 8st. 31b. (D. Hughes) I Captain Little's Olympus yrs, 7(Forasm) 2 W. Aumont's Monarquer 4 yrs, st. (Speetly) . ,.3 Lord John Scott's Eatherine Logie, 3 yrs, 6st. 41b. (Quinton) 4 The following ao ra - Mr. King's Flacrow, 4 yra, 9st. 51b. (A. Day) Sir C. Moncks Vindex, 6 yra, Sat. 131b. (Flatman) Mr. Howard's Coronor, 3 yrs, 7st. 131b. (Wells). Mr. Morris'sArtillery, 3 yrs, 7st. 131b. (Bashan). Colonel James's Tom Burke, 4 yrs 7st. 2b (Abrahams). Lord Anglesey's Old Rowley, aged, 7st. 71b. (G. Mann). Mr. E .arr's Stork1 3yrs, 7st. 7Tb. (Sapp). Lord Ciiden's Alembic, 5 yrs, 7st. 7tb. (Wakefield). Mr Elwes's Machaelmas Maid, 5 yrs, ast. 41b. (J. Stegges). Mr. Lawrence's Bright Phoabus; 5 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Prior). Mr. J. Merry's Polmoodie, 3yrs, 7st. 31b ( Hal) Mr. Wailer's Octavia aged, 7st., ,Cr (c. a) Mr. W. S. S. Crawford's West Langton , 3yrs, 6st. 13Eb (Bates). ago,-y 3b Duke of Beaufort's Furioso, 3yre, 6st. 12Db. (T. Clff Iord Wilton's Dramatist, 3yrs, 6sat. 1b. (Creswell. Mr. Payne's Mare, by Van Tromp,-Queen Mab, 5ys, 6st. lOlb. (J. Forster). Mr. S. 'Walker's Bold Buccleuch, 3ys, 6st. 91b. (Bnllock) Mr. Dninkald's lKaterfelto, 4 yrs, 6t. 91b. (Covev). r. Edwvard's Falcon, 5 yrs, 6st. glb. (J. Edwars). lr. G. Harveys Pembedw, 3 yrs, 6st. 41b. (Bundy). Captain White's George Brown, 3 yrs, 6st. 41b. )Plumb. Sir J. B. Mills Cerva, 3 yrs, 6st. 21b. (Bray). ir. Brown's CoalBlack }base, 3 Yrs, 6st. 21b. (Pritchard). Captain Christie's Kestrel, 3 yrs, 6s (WValter). Lord Anglesey's Astrologus, 3 yis, st. (T. Foster). Alr. Davey's Garnet, 3 yrs Oat. Snowden). lMr. I. Dennett's HartleyBuck, 4 yrs, 6st. (Hibburd). Eir J. Hawley's Redan, 3 yrs, 5st. 21b. (Dear). Betting-5 to 1 agst Katherine Logie, 6 to 1 eaeh agst Olympus and Dramatist, 7 to 1 ag-t Flacrow, 1OC- to 6 agst Hrtley Buck, 20 to I each agst Bright Phcebus, Alembic; Michaelmas Maid, and Uonarque, 25 to 1 each agst Coroner ad Artillery, and odds ranging from 30 npwards offered agst any other. Ifichaelhas Maid weut off with a slight leag, Katherine Iogie and Olympus lying second and third, and New Brighton next, the others rnning nearly abreast close up. No materill change was made until reaching tho distance when Michaelmas Maid ws beaten, and Olympus 'was left with a slight lead, NTew Brighton, Monarque, and Katherine Logie heading the ruck. Theyranthustonearly oppaftethe Stand, when NTew Brighton came out,- a won after a most interesting race by a neck, the second beating the third by two lcugths, a neck only sepating the third from the feorth. Frioso, Kestrel, Coalblack Bose, Vindes; Octavia, Eaterfelto, and Cerva formed the nex:t lot, close up. The starter made a complaint against T. Stiggles, Prior, Bates, Bundy, Creslwel, and HaB for disobeying orders. The first four were fined 51. each, Hall and Cre,swell were severelyreprimanded; but in consequence of their having heen injured in the race for the Goodwood Stakes they were not fmed. SwzVra'8TA,ey of 300 sovsy each, h. ft., for 3-yr old fillies, 8st. 71b. each, Craven course. 3 subs. Mr. Howard's Qneen's Head, by Bay Middleton, 8st 7Tb. (Wells), walked over CUP BBTTIND ON THE COURS. 7 to 2 aest Fisherman (taken). 7- 1- Yellow JaoFa (taken). 7- 1 - M onarqte (taken). S - I-Heir of Inne (taken). 9 - 1- R ogerthorpe (taken). 10- 1- Muscovite (taken). The above bets were laid before the race for the Steward's Cnn.
- rOR IXGN. INTBLLIGENYCE. - -- .1I . FRANCE. v " .(Fnox.OUR OWN .ORJEPO1DINf.) - - Q ItThe fo];owixig ippewie iin our socotd 'dditlon i'+ye~ tezd,%Y: 1 .. . , . .. .> . The .adi . ,ARIS .TusDAX, .6 P.:u. dp3persb'rig us full. acounta,of- the 4ccurrences at U inna, ,the,.'farm aftn a: desp,atc, iraiu GQnerali s,allP.. now a c nandin tre, T,3ie,y 3ra,no,t ,importai, the tatales bee Wo :men lleg,,ani twVfo ,wounaded, anad t,h&e,etibnaalGuards>havinv giveng their ar,o -"Lre; ceianDg-thl.liu4nde Ox the roe t of he conitesi,t. 3lhi '; butth y~ are curi-ous as an, llutratipi o£the 9 tate h the Spah army, and of,the d.nngeroui tedeicy, dtitafoffic.ito j~eposWoe dis.cipline -to.politi,cl eensidterationi. ,teQaptan,-Ge,nerial of the, pr, Vo.vi,n,c waxa6sent ona'touro hispectionrhen newspcane of 'h5e change of llini ndjn procl,aAiiation , of' artiil iw; ,but th _ segu,no cabo,o,r econd in com nid, i1 lished the prolam-a,tion no.withst'nding the. opp,ositin'of the Civil Goveeinr, anid reported i,!aS he Eid' done to q i chief- who piomptIy retined to 3runa, and vrwho, almo3t imniedintely. on his ivrki so, unded General Vasallo aindthe con g,i,u oflice'rs of the various arnms withresect to afr0n?4 ciainer min favour ofE,.partero,to which he hiis2klf 6ei'deu{ly inclixiend. They all refused to joui i-nany ifddelion;str'ti6n;whereuponi tfe Captain-General, in: accotd With the Civil Gove,rnor, and, having the regimients of Cantabria, quaitered in the neighbourhood, disposed to back hin, was about to make a manifestation, when General -Vasallo, suojiorted'by the chiefs of corpse resolved to take the command ouat of his h,ands. "A moment after, *ards," he says, "the Captain-General was decorously arrested," meamures . v'ere taken. to oppose the insurrection, and an attempt wvas ma to arrest- the Civil Governor, whi.h failed, 'however, with the loss of life already rmentioned From. tjia. re. S9ff howr fatal3the Political practices comnmoL in Spain are to all military discipline. It is the old itory, twenty tinies repeatLd in less th:n as many years. The superior offickrs of the Spanish army are all political pArtisa22s' before they are soldtior. Preparastory to- the late crisis- all the imnportant past. -had been paekedi b*' O'Ddnnell,i aniZ iir those fewr cases wrhere he had been comlpelle io appoint or retain a Captain-Genera of a pBvine whowas not devoted So-him he took good caethat his second in commd shouldheof hisown opini a,nd ready " decorously" to arrest his superior 'as so as it seemed. advisable for the inthrists of li" ,Datron. F.rom Arragon, although the telegraph is now at woik, we have no news of the slightest interest. Troops must be arriving near Saragoesa, and the truce of five days must shortly expire, so we may expect to hear something decisive very shortly. It is said that the Sarigbssans have dug ditbhes and made other preparations indicative of ani mitentioh obstinately .o. ef4id. teimselves, but it is still hoped that when they beconm acquainted iih all that haspassed, and that the rest of Spain, with ifsi'guificanit ej`xesptionz, has :submitted to the Goovermnetiit, they will n6t prolong a resistance which 3may lead to much bloodshed, .but hardly to their ultimaate triumph.. Tne kIadrid correspondence of theHavas, suppiied by a person in the confidence of the Spanish Government. and wichh may be. considered as nmore than semi-official, aud aa reflecting pretty exactly the feelings and opinions of the Government of the day, whatever its political complexion, contains the following linns:_ "iA. Olozaga and the first Secretary of the Embassy at Paris have given in their resignations. It is sti unknown whether these have been accepted: aU that is known is tham tho resignation of IL Olozaga has given rise to hesitations &nd vacillations which prove how much his merit is appreciated and of what importance his services are." It is no secret here that the resignations of Senor Olozaga and of the Secretary of Embassy, Senor Espana, were sent in on the very brst news of the o,euts at Madrid,. but -that (although much mo1re than the neqeseay time has since elapsed) no reply has been received on the subject from the Government of General O'Donnell. The alleged offer-of the Paris Embassy to General Narvaez made it appear probable that it. was decided to remove the present Ambassador; but I yesterday informed you thal no such o]Ter had been made to the Duke of Valiencias The feeling here seenis to be that the pro6labilities are, in favour of Senor Olozaga's resig,ation being refused, and of his being requested fo ,taiii his post. . There are various reasons for thisW,belief. Independently of the impossibility of finding -him a successor at once of equal ability and ,equally familiar ;ith,to state of the relations between the French and. Spanish Governments, and of the various questions pending between them, it is cleu that if O'Donnell desires to govern by the support of the Progresistas -ard of this there now appears to be scarcely a doubt-the difliculty of conciliating that party would be greatly augmented by an opena ruipture with one of its most important members. Certain personal animosities, even in a very high quarter, might be expected to urge his dismissal; but before yielding to these the Spanish Government would doubtless anxiously weigh the difference between securing his support and encountering his opposition-the latter especialy formidable in' the Coriea, where his readyeloquence and Parliamentary experience render him so formidable an adversary. If O'Donnell, then, seeks the aid of the Progresistas, he will bardly willingly deprive himself of the support of Senor Olozaga, and if the programume of government he submits to them oe such as to satislf- that party and secure him their support, there is no manifest reason why the present Ambassador at Paris should not be induced to withdraw his resignation. It is reported to-day tbat Senor Olo7aga has received a communication from a person at Madrid, who, although not a member of the Cabinet,. occupies a most important office, and is highly ifluential both writh theMinisters and the,. Court, urging hi not to insist upon resigning his present functions. I give this merely as a repor,t, but as one that appears to me not unlikely to he well founded. Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer arrived last evening in Patis on his route te the East, where he is appointed one of the commissioners to arrange the government of the Wallachian and Moldavian Provinces. H3e was attended by Captain Leicester Vernon, f.P. . The Afoniteur promulgates various bills passed during the last legislative session. Among them is @bt which inscribes on the grand livre of the public de4,t 600,000f. of Reutes in the name of the Princese of the Orleans family or of their heirs. A letter from Smyrna, of the 20th, in the llfoiiteur, says:- . " The Roland steamer, which is conveying Marshal Pellsser to France, put in here yesterday. The Marsbal was not expected, but as soon as his arrival was known ho roceived the warmext welcome from the anthorities and inhabitants; ht4dyinaa Pasha.hastensd. to offer his congratulations and Wiervi,ces. The orshlisedxprcssed his gratitude, and at e ~aiatme tunoignified his,decirg to remain incogaito, and thau,s, avoid aU the manifestations of respect and good feeling whir waere expressed towvards him on al sides. The iteanet left the s3me vening for Athes." The following telegraphic despatch was received to-day from Marseilles:- "MARSEILLES, JULY 29 io steampacket Alexandre has arrived with intelligenc from Constzatinoplo of the 2Lst inst. " the S,ultan had given a briliant reception to General Codriugton. "t ToEaglih General-in-Chief left Constantinople on the 2fst for Athens. ",I. de Boutenieff, the Russian Ambassador, was shortly, oxzect at Const=atinoplo) I.' k.34LBWha had proceeded to the Danubian Principa. e, t and v as the hearer of the firmans of investiture of , t>taimak,nslately appointed -Ghika for Wallachia, aad 4>Ic Ifor hMoldavia . . 'f T;oJo a.o Cons&rsinople of the 21st declares at' the nseains' have no. right to occupy the Island of etE P ,por to retain poseoin of Kirs, the garrison. of iireceived'a irinfoicernext of 12,000 men. ",The same journal- an^ounes .that the new Scheriff.of iecc; had g?ined.a signal-victory over the insurgents, and taken byst6run the city.of Taiff, wahere hirival had sought reftdgo. .The ievolt m. Arabia was con3idered to be at an *nd. The former chief is tobe exiled." We eaditn the Jov.rnal des 7Pj'enEs Oenoe;E ; flyindg diviAion is now being organized at Carcassonne. It is to consist of several ,regimentsof infantry and cavalry, and-to )he plaed ,ander. the. orders* of- General Lafontiine. Shonld.circamstauce -reqaire tho presece oe.o.these troops slog tThe Spanish frontier, they wilL be miarched' thither e'thir across the departmenb of. Arn ev- or than of tho BaserziT Pyrenees, ia order to protect, the Brencli terri, TheiIafOimitr publshes the retturns of the corn tra.dA e i the differeiit markets of France dliring the Ltst-wcee of June and the irst fortnight of July, j -from-which-it-appears that the aenrage-price- of-thehectolitre--of whest during- that perod was 33f. 97c. at Toulouse, Giray, Ly.ons, and eillea; 33f. 100. at Marans.and Bt5rdeauxj 3Sf. , tSt; Laurent .an,d Granda.lmps.,; Mf. 90c. tat MulhiGuse l2d .ttr3s=-urTg; 3'f.310c. atl egies- ;ris.. 1j2 j$;c,isso<Pa<risj and Roqnee; 30f.. .'2c. at. Sapr and,Nantes, 3Sf 5c.;at Mets, Yerduin,and Oha4 e3 an.d 31f. 24o. at St. 1.o,, P,aimpol, Quii4vler an4 Bennebon,. .he~ highst price durinaPtlhe.*t sek wasa Th)f.j1c;t aitt.Iirant' jaid toi. loes2ti > 9f Sc ,, 'a~tHjeunimb,on.. ,I~ 't ,veragel fotr 2stJ&^ Co,f, :Frce sa 33f. 49c'. per fiectolitre. t. It>w, las r, ; arontk only ts1f., o hat t l Licreime is 2f.4 71c., Th' Me iThreper Cents.~ c obed to-day at 70f. TZc, Ifor the end of- the month.' tlie'Foup-arid-isH'- 1,;05Tf. 50Oc.; Straulairg, .9,40f. iF 3.Tew. ShisieaI57f. SOc.; 'P,aris and Ljoiie, 1 422f. SOc.; Isyoiiz to tlie Mediterranean, 1,840f.; .'We6teri' of Franice, 97f. 50c.; BordeauLx alnd Cett,e, 805!..; Goreat. C<eir*'al of France, 70Sf.; Lyons iand Geneva,. 800f. ;' laisk of Cr4dit MobUEer, 1,537f. 60c.; Austrian il w,ays,, 863f. ,75c. ,, ,- lOoure Aud2ndue-PArd. Juily 29.-Caah Prics.- Fcesr-and.a:Half per Cents. (noti reimbursidlel for 10 years), 94!. 93f. 80c.;* ditto seciond IL'an of 185S5 (65 perc'enti. miid)93f-99c. *ditto Certificates (65 per cent. paid); 93t. b;0c; Four per Cents., S2f.; Three per Cents., 70f.gSoc 70a; ditto second Loan of i855 (65 per cent. paid), 70f. -73c. - ditto Certiocates (65 per cent. wid) 70t. 75c. Baik 'of France, 4.050!. 4,07i-C.; Creidit F;ondier, 670t.; dXitto Ob3i' gations of 5D00!., Three per Cents., 390f.' ditto Tenth, Foius per Cents., 93f.; Credit~ Mobilier, 1,550! 1,540f.--i537f. iDOC. - icut Bank, 710!.; Piedisontese Five per Cents., tO,Austrian Fi*e per Cents.,. 87k; P,elgian'Four-and-a. I[Haif'per Cests., 98j; Rente de lNaples (Bothschi3d's),' 112; j omains. 561;^ Spanish Defefred Converted. 24; ditto Thre per Centa, Ai * ditto Interior Debt, 391. Exchange anlton. don, at sighDt, money, 25f. 'S27c.; thre months moneyt THIE MED TERRA;:AN. | (EBOM ~~OIIB 0 OOItIEsPOirDET.-) (IR: MARSEILLES, Juav 27. Tho captain of the Sp>anish steamer ViHredo., which arrived thisi morning, sitates, that when-he left Barcelona onL Fridaxy afternoon, 'the 2ath, the towrn -was parfectly tranquil. Ho estimates the killed and wvounded during the insunlection at 1,800. HIe likewise touched at Alicant, Malagal, and Valencia, whe.re he says some excitement pre, vails, but the Governsment entertains no apprehension of any rising.: Troops and military stores, despatched from the Crimea previous to its evacuation by Marshal Pelissier, continue to arrive here. The frigates Albatros, Meuse, and IJranie, the steam corvette Laplace, the English steamer Lady Jocelyn, and three sailing transports arrived yesterday.. They brought 4,200 troops and 29,000 cannon shot-and bonmb shells. Four transportaarrved from. Eamieschi on Friday, laden with military stores and provisions. The fri9eate Sirene arrive-i from KCamicech on Thturs. day, brmnging 560 soldiers; the Neapolitan steamer Amnalfi, 'with} 150; and six sailing transports writh military stores. The Banshee arrived from Constantinople on Wednesday, bringing Admiral FRremaritie. The Admiral. continued his Journey to Pari3 on Friday by railway. The Banshee is preparig,to proceed to England. Three thousand eight hundred troops and a considerable quantity of military stores arrived from the Crimea on Tuesday by the frigates Magellan and Nemesis, the 'war transport Isere, the corvette Phlegethon, and the steamera Athenianw, Byzantin, and Victor Emmanuel. Marshal Pelissier has left a sloop of wrar at Kamiesch, for the pr~o tection of the French merchants wrho had not wound up their affairs, but this protection is not to be afforded longer than the 6th of next month. The M§arseilles Steam Navig,ation Companies have not only found occupation for their ships which wgere chartered by the Government during the war, but are building new ones. Arnaud Touache, Brothers, have re-established a monthly service betweesi MIar.seitles and RCio Janeiro, touching at Malaga, Lisbon, and Bahia. One of their steamers (pur.j| chased in Scotland) lately made an extraordinarily quick passage from Mharseilles to Algiers, in 45i hours.. Bazin and Leon Gay's Company have re-established the line from Marseilles to Teneriffe, touching at Gibraltar, Tangier, Casabianca, and MIogador. They have opened a new line betwreen Mareilles, Beyrout, Alexandretta, Tdessina, and Larnaca, and they are building three screw clippers on the modeJ of the Royal Charter, to trade between Marseilles,t Bombay, and Calcutta. In conesequence of the immense supply of wheat received here during the last wveek, amounting to 135,000 hectolitres, a check has .been given to the speculation going forward in g-rain. 10,000 bectolitres of Richelle wrheat were sold for immediate delivery at from 32f. to 34!., and 16,000 hectolitres of Taganrog at from 27f.50c. to 28f. '50cq the hectolitre. Sugars have again risen in conse- quence Of the prices obtained at a public sale wvhich. took place at Amsterdam on Thursday last, and which wrere received here by telegraph. Brandies remain stationary, notwithstanding the rise in the north. SPAIN9. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 25th inst. The Gazette publishes the follovring despat>ches: " Gijon, which had. followved. the revolutionary movement, has returned to its allegiance. Brigadier Raubin writes from Marcia that tranquillity wfas re-established in that city. In the mOrning of the 24th a doputation of the Saragossa insurgents presented itself at Ateca to General DomingolDalce. Captaiin-General of Arragon, to entreat him not to commence hostilities against the city. The General acceded to their request, and granted them a delay o-' five days, provi2ed his deCision were ratified by the Government. The rebellion is confined to Saragossa and Ternel, in the district of Arragon. These two points are nowv surrounded by t;oops, which will soon, re-establish the authority of the| .aw In the province of Granada there are still a fewv towvns in a state of insurrection, bet the character the rebellion in the south assumned from the onset is not ecalclated to inspire any serious uneasiness, the troops having everywrhere remnained faithful, bet withont the direction of a sa;perior chief, in consequence of the unaccountable arrest of General Blanco at Jaen by the insurgents. Mfeasures have beesa adopted to remedy that inconvenience." The ffpoea, on its side, gives the followinlg account of the situiation of the provinces: " The intelligence received by the Government is compietely satisfactory. The entire of Galicia hadt made its submission. Lugo, lluesca, Logrono, and Oviedo have recog nised.the newv Government, and the social revolation has been put downr in. Catalonia. These are events of the highest importance. The struggle at RIens, Bareelona, and Gracia was terrible, but the valour displaiyed by Zapatero, Basol. and Planas was heroical. The results obtained both at Barcelona and hiadrid are decisive. The conduct of General Basalo at Corunna is also above allpraise. His famity having been seized by the insurgents, some of tho latter threatened to pat them to death if he did not pronounce in favouar of the movement or set at liberty General BRuir. Basalo replied that Ije would perform hsis duty, let it cost what it might.] 'The insurrection in Arragon is daily losing ground. The junta at Saragossa may create twro free corps, the one recruited. aeong the convicts and the other composed of volun*oers, and maintain the troops in a etate of sedition by alt torteof promises and offezs,bat the resnlts ob'ainedat Madrid, Barcelona, and throughoat Spain must ultimately produce consternation in that city. The last accounts from Arragon, received thiseovening, state that General Dalce had hip head-quarters at A tee, where he expected soon to be joined by the treoops of General Echague and those comDing from Vaiencia." The Government had superseded in their functions all the esnsploy6s of the Administration at Sara- gossa, Teruel, Jaen, and other points, which had declared against the Queen. The brother of the bullfighter, Puchota, and a nailor, who shot a captain of the army in the square of La Cebada daring the insurrection, have been arrested'in Madrid. M. Narciso de la Escosura, brother of the exMinister of the Interior, had likewise been arrested. The number of civilians and National GGuards killed durinc the collision at Madrid was 69. Generai Prirn, Count -do Reuss, had. arrivpe. at Madrid. Thle Madrid Militia was not to be reorganized. The Mklunicipality and Provincial Deputation - of Cadiz had been dissolved. * -The Revista Atilitar, a special journal of Madrid; gives the followincg details relative to Saragossa.- " <'General Falcon, whoYiO intimacy with Espartero is well kunown, was Captain-General of Arragon, the second com. mandat in the province being Brigadier Moreno Zaldai iiagt, an old man withont energy. -There were in Arra"on -tbree regiments of infatry,-One of cavalry, a batteryof, horse-artillery, detached from sdrid, a.nd two batteries of fotitartillery, detached ifrm Valencia. 'All -he artiLery' and'&cavary, wvith--threc battalions of' infantr", formed theu garrison of aragossa. One of them 'was n-nder the ordert of Colonel Smidt, ;ho n forms part - of -the revola- BeigPdier Pez, an o,ic,er 0flAttle talent, who owes all his Ise fromlthe rank of corporal to Egpatero; and the third was xnder the commanid`of ,Colonel Antou, a distinguished obicer; btct,whd,lbsri the lat two yea'r has given w4y to "; politicAl excitemint amounting almost to mad. |nesc, . The rebellis9hn& fime,atiii Sy Z-'Cikvl Governor, wh% with thieied o ro6bthere inriaidld , ieputd demo. f'6i4 "hai' formed a kind of cnli,, f i'tIe -h Xiein-e j whir}ci the adilitary"hief 'coiild':not ~e6paj ' Thel rnost serf. tif.ct hitlierto 3cnijwa ,ii{the returz to Saraowa of the - attaolio of Alnanz hi&h had hee detac1ed'toaSor-a Ifh'eoice'rs,ho'weiei', q4iitbeitheanioineist theyhad' op jiortuity; and seine Save already ii.n~ved in Madrid.} 'AU,ATR.U' (iiox orln owir oonzsPOaNmDMT.) VJENNA, JULY 26. Since the close of the,episcop$, conferences the Austrian bishops have 1ee,n re.posing on th,eir laurels, and it is not likely t-at t.hey will again ,talie-he,field unt.il cer,tain inportant matters conn,ected wifli lhe concordat have been dcfinitiiely settled between-the Imperial Govenmment .and, }Rome. The Papal 1Xuncio aiid .te .Car6inal Archbishop of Vienna have had occasion.to re'nark <thlat ezruberant.zeal ,on the part of the Austrian bishol ?§ produces aa Fun'avgurable' impresioixon the E peror, and it i! bei lieved that theyJ,ave` counselled Ris Eoliness to direct the Ad igita,ri;es"of'thhe'hurchin the Lomb ardo. 'Venetian provinces to display less violence. AsCouiit Colloredo has .mceived full instructions how to acit; those matters which concern the church exclusively will be settled at omre, bat questions which are of equal importance to State and Church will be diaF cussed in this city. The public is inclined tobelieio .that the results of the present negotiations for the completion and realization of the concordat 'will soon be made pulblic, but persons who better know the usual course o busiess 'ar,e of opinion that imani long months are likely to elapse 1before,the Cabinets of Vienna and Rome 'will co6me to aa understaiding' The organs of the. Ultramoitane .party in this 'city are now somerhat lesi viofent than theywero a ihort time snnce, a,nd th' uproivement is generdlyt attributed to the te'npporary absence of some'-'fei foreigners, who, by mabing a. stepping-atone of religion, have acquired e traordinary inftuence. '' One of the principal faiseu,'s for Romo'in Austria is d certain M. Hurter, who has been created " istoriographer of the Emp.re," although he isanything but a shining light in the literary world. Professor Phillips, who teaches canonical law at the Vienna University, and is one of the most disting,uished of the Ultrasliontaiiists, came from Bavaria at,the express invitation of the Ministpr for Public Inw struction. The Minister of the -Interior has also a right-hand man, who is a native of one of .the Catholiccantons of Switzerland, andaseentirely-attthe service of Rome as is the Cardinal Nuncio himiself.tIf is greatly to the credit of' Axstriauliterary men that not one of any note has by his 'writings helped to deliver his native country in.to the hands of Rome and the Jesuits. The ,utherans and Calvinists of Vie'lnna are nowfi treating with the municipality for pieces of ground contiguous to the four principal cemeteries of the city. In each of the Protestant burial-places there wrill be a chapel with belfry and bells, but the twro communities are not rich enough~ to place steeples on the roofs of their places of wor~ ship, as they have recently received permision to do from Government. * Information has been given me that the political agitation in the Danubian Principalities is very great, and the news deserves the more attention as it is well known to me that great number. of pamphlets and " open letters," in which the necessity for a powerful ioumanic State is insisted on, are smuggled into the Bukovina, Transylvania, and Voivodina, in which Austrian provinces there are many Wallachs A6ho, like their brethren on the other side of the frontiers, belolig to the non-united Greek Church. Prince Daniel, of Montenegro, is again in the most intimate connexion with St. Pietersburg, and M. Medakovich, his political agents has just returned from that capital w,ith more than one Russian order. The Montenegrin Prince has aisplayed great judgment in securing the services of A. Medakovich*, who is a very able man, with a strongly pronounced talent for intrigue and diplomacy. Count J ellachich is now here, but he is little more than the shadow of his former self. A few years ago he was a very robust and handsome man, but he is now thin and -wan. Tlhe Ban is on his way to Carlsbad, and, after having drunk the -waters there, lie wfll go to the sea-side; A telegraphic despatch has beenreceived from P rince Esterhazy announcing his arrival at the first railroad station. on the Russian frontier, v-here he found a special train waithig to take him on to Warsawv. t Austrian Ambassador Extraordinary has taken his carriages with liim, as he intends to travel post from the Polish capital to St. Petersburg. One of the Archdukes a few.days since went to inspect the fortifications of Ohuiltz, and a newspaper published in that town observes, "that he also visited the forts which had been constructed Wround the intrenched camp." We were aware that the fortifications of (lmits had; been strength'ened, b~ut we nowv for the first time learn that new forts were constructed when the Russians were makingr their hostile demonstrations in Poland. The 5'apal See offers to omaicipate the Canton of Teesin from the sees of Como mid Milan on the following terms:--1. The abolition of aU laws nUI- favourable to religion. 2. Removal of all iripedi- inents to the insta)lation of parish priests appointed according to canonical law. 3. Removal of parish priests viho were not appointed according to the canons. 4. The formation of a separate see for Tessin. 5. All the parties concerned to take part in tho negotiations. The parties concerned are the Canton of Tessin, the Archbishop of ilVan, the Bishop of Como, and Rome. ITALY. Letters from Turin of the 27th inst. state- that, in consequence of the attempt at insurrection at Massa, in the Duchy of Modena, on the night of the 25th, the Piedmontese Governmnent had given rigorous orders for the surveillance of the froptier. Troops had been sent from Genoa to Spezzia and Sarzano, on board several war steamers, wvhich were afterwards to cruise along the coast. The Government had likewise thought proper to take certain precautionary measures on tho banks of the Lago Maggiore and on the frontier of Ticino, where much lerment prevailed, and an outbreak was apprehended. The A'reonia. off Turin states that the police have just discovered a large quantity of arms and anunu- nition concealed in a house at Novara. The occupant of the house has made his escpe across the frontier. M. Charles Laffitte had arrived at Turin to make arrangements with the Govemment for the opening of the Victor Emmanuel eailway. On the 24th a' train proceeded, for the first time, from Coraiu, near Aix-les-Bains, to the bridge over the Isare beyond Montmelian, a distance of 32 kilometres. Tle. trial was most successful, and the works wer6 'found to be in excellent condition. On the 25V' the traia was to cross the bridge and go over the other section, now completely finished, betwreen: -the Isire and Aiguebelle. Mr. Brett had passed through Turin, on his way to'Cagliari, to preside at the sinking of the sub-: maine cable of the electric kelegi-aph between Sardinia and Algeria. according to a letter from Po.rma of the 23d inst. the Austrians weremaking preparations to be ready 'to cross the Po at four dfferent points, namely-* at Viadana, Solarola, Casal Maggiore, and another part. An .4ustro-Servian. who was fornlerly the editor of a ,newvspper which was published In tbe 'voivedina.
TO THE EDI-TOR OS T TIMEs. Sir,-In your paper of yesterday Dr. Philijmore, in his defence of Archdeacon Denisoni, is reported to have state as follows:-" I may here mention that I have been informed that Lord AncMiand. the present Bishop of Bath -audWells, hae recently puolished a charge in which lie says that the A rchdeaconr is at liberty to hold and tAach that I ,doctrie,"-nieanhig. I preMuI5%,, one of the doctrines ftr which the present proceedings haye -becn instituted agairyt pul6e but one cbarge since I liave been Bishop Bath z3iWel-viz., in ayq, 1S55, aild 1 feel , that every person who may have read that chargo will say there is nothingttterein that ca- warrant such a statement. I remain. Sir. vours faithfnllv- - AUCKLAND BATH "'ND wfTXq * I The Palace, Wells, Somerset, July 29. AGoRXENMS OF IfnXD I Ll,FE.-A large boa constrIiktor is sald to Eave ta,ke,i UI}J.,its residerce for the Pr,- ,sent in ai remote, orner of the gardel h6uie ofMr. G. H.' tBlacquire; iisinf.tad. ,- A ',n,l,sslng, cilf' heloiigis l -tot iliat ~gent1iemaiibejw searcfle1 fo6r id.t6tbe disGovet 'of the .reptilc i,n'a: stetb of.coma, o,w,ingt t;6't,hlfact 'lis9 havi lg .brealfasse:o &tt;e. calf£ .A, ieneraV-inviStaiox 'tvisnl .oy.,ournforumert.o I;thiuse1 po3es~sinop gunss, etay,eS blInlderht:ssas; &sc4,for t,he dditziunctio o,f t4e renter<?t- * , z.. S¢- * ,- . o -r : I
. H .. TH-BELGLAN1FETBS. F R , , - - BBRJGEfl JUY 29. v 'i FrIanhe Uth pY ,ine save govend by'thfeWm.tropolia. In Spain the mnetrojoliu a but little ralaioss with tbe pro-' vinceel In Belgium, Wiseh sreiigth liec JA tat ombination of l ,n eits'- is&ad -a sutttioi2 -wha lia th 3pro. .veiare pogt,,id o send *r,eprsen,tativ4s to Brussels, they n n etchrIIAWI cla~the right4o- axedep, endte in legiatio,n, a, alihws. in! festi,itieL \ . .Bi 'rismeaas ti.cel,e,bration Of the three days of July is e,txend overm m e than tre samo numbr of weeks. The in. and 'his family are- called on to greet the provinoia obpi 'p2esenoe Thu is a work of no light ss agflituJIe.v ,. ; ~Bugeswas fixed upon ,as the first of the cities tobe gi honorid. It bad been, thefirat to wrelcome his arrival 2S .yearsagO. It has tobe theflrst.cfter the capital to solemnira he ireturn of that auspicious period. * Afte4 it fevrdaysa rest, therefore, the King left Brnuels for thssp*eon Sunday, Hi jomrney, I ain told, was most iatisfa;tory and met bY the acclamations of those of his subjects 'whom fat has located at the -arious vilhllag Oa -the line. At about 1 o'clock he arrived at Bruges, and thsere, inaed, se found much to gratify him. From the railroad-vrhero he was greeted with addresses-to the i Giovernor's house, in the Grande Plaoe, lie could have seen nothing but tasteful decoration and massive loyalty. Bands of music, belted burgomasters, flags, bells, guns, and flovers, joined in the prooeession. A magnificent eastrade was erected before the Governor's house, under which tho i Royalsrriages passed into the interior. After a short rest, the King came on the balcony, with his suite, in which waS'| noticedtho scarlet uiiiformiof Lord Wkstmerlnnd. There His | Majesty received spok-en addreales fromn different local bodies. end a mignificent volume containing 248 aldresses from each different hamlet and commune of the province. The appear. ance of the Grande Place was animated in the extreme. The 1qrge area filled with human beings, the quaint old gab6ed lI6uses covered with material and human ornaments in the shape of the pretty girls of Bruges, were calculated to call! forth a monarWs admiration. In the evening a grand banquet was offered to His Majesty in Lea Haltes by the prolince, and afterwards illuminations and fireworks, which I;have seldom seen equalledln taste or beauty. Yesterday. at an early hour, began & a cortzgc, that peculiar feature of Belgian festivities. The sLme representation of the Golden Fleece and its institution that had formed a principal attraction of theBrusselscavalcadewas here renewedwith in. creased detail, and precede d by a carrepresenting the Flemings returning from the Battle of the Golden Spurs. The effect was very medieval, owing nmuch to the surrounding architecture. This was followed by processions from different" #artgof Flanders. In the afternoon the King visited some reformatory institutions in tihe neighbourhood, which might' vell form the subjecit of letter. A dinner was given him 'by 'the " notables" ofTlinders, and a ballsub equently aLt. the, concert-room. To-day he takes his departuro. But it is impossible,- from a crude description of detail, to give you. a just idea of the state of feeling excited by these faes. The perfect order 'ofthe people, the coYnbination shown in their decoration, added to the wild enthusiasm ,and devotion which they evince towards their monarch-aU' these are characteristic of the nation as well as of their Sovereign. During the -whole of these fptes there has not been even a street row, yet there has not' been any exhibition of civil or military authority' All seem to unite in acclamation of the King, the pilot who so successfully has weathered the storm. 'fhen I say all, I thinls I do not exaggerate. Here you ae united the burgher, the noble, ths priest, and the most violent of the anti-clerical party, each independent by nature, each subject to the influence of reason, yet each rendering homage to a Sovereign, affection for whom is a; sound logical deduiction. Long may Belgium flourish in the enjoyment of its happiness-the oldest of miodern continental constitutions!
TO THE EDITO.R OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It appears to cue so-important that the Russiars; should not succeed in misleading us by giving false or interested information abont a part of the world we may per. haps have again to v isit as belligerents, that at the risk of it being thought highly improper I beg to correct one part of your correspondent's news from the Crinea,. He says, quoting fronm Major Hammersloy, Captaia Brooke, or MIr. Sinclair, that there are no welLs on Arabat Spit, simply because they are not wanted, the Sea of Azo' in its neighbourhood being perfeetly drinkable. Now I assert that there are wells on Arabat Spit, that they exism ou abouit the spots marked in the large Russian maDs, and, that the water in them is drinkable, whereas that of the Sea, of Azof, from Genitchi along the Spit as far as Point Rayantiss, is salt, and un2it for man or beast. The only! 'part of the-Sea of Azof where fresh water is procusable fro6m the surface of the ses, ifter the sea breaks up, is in the1 .Gulf of Azof, and thatj above the Krivaia or Crookled Spit,i in the upper part of the Oakllout Liman, and, lastly, at the edge of the Delta of the river Kuban, and that only in' places. These are facts- which all the officers, French as; well as Ynglish, can attest who served in'the Sea of A~iof£ :Evidently from hearsay, the .English officers are impressed with- the idea that there is a fine 9-feet channel from' Tehongar-bridge to Genitchi, and a constant current ranning from Genitchi to Perekop. Yith respect to the former my doubts are based upon twa facts:.- 1. If such a channel exists, why did not the Russians convey the provision, corn and store lighters. which we: found them unloading at Genitchi, up to the bridge, instead of disembarking thse stores, and using waggons and arbas to convey them by land over that very bridge by a road which nearly doubled the distance ? To get those l;ghters and smal craft into Genitchi harbour they h3d to pass a bar, whereon was never found more than 6A feet, and often as little as 4ft Gin. When that diffieuItv was sur! mnounted, surely ascending a 9-feet channel would have been 1 easy work. 2. T with two intelligent officers and eight seamen, spent two days and nights trying to find a channel out of the wide marshes, improperly marked Putrid Sea, into the narrow part over which the bridge of Tchongar is thrown. We: landed on the Tchqngar peninsula, and stood within a few, feet of their road; yet the deepest water we ever found in; any part of that sea was 4ft. 6in., and for miles it was quite as much as we.could do to' get our light boats through seaveed an d slirne. I believe there is 7ft. or 9ft. of water under. the centre'of the bridge, but there is either a bar or a most; tortuous channel betvveen it and Genitchi. That there is a space of wYater betufween the peninsula of Tchongar (at its morthern past), and a point three mniles west of Genitchi, ltw who have looked at it from a ship's masthead can doubt; aud, indeed, -we often saw Russian boats traversing it. With respect to the current always setting into the, Sivash or Putrid Sea, we found it vary very much, and depend mainly upon the direction of the wind. An east wind. would cause the water to flow iniio it fromn the Sea of Azof, and raise the depth about two feet upon the bar; whereas, with the lightest air from thp westward, the current imsmnediately turned and the waters feLL In the sonthern. part of the Sivash, the wintl, blowing. from esstv-ard, heaped tlhar water up as it were on the we5trn shore, and vice rs-emd, the difference of depth at such times between the two coasts being, according to Tartar as counts, Dearly two feet; a point difficult to detennine, fo the bottom of the 6ivish slopes very gradually towards thn osntre; aithough, as your correspondent observes, the' Crisueen coast is everywhere abrupt, being, indeed, the: *Vextiqpa edge of-a steppe. i I willtrespass no furthef apon yourspace than-to expres3' my regret that your correspondent,- much more Britishi officers, should have lent themselves to further the propaga- i 'tion 4f Russian ctfous, by tserting, that Oe. squadrona nder the- late Captain Lyons did little or no damage to A3abat. Fort.- -It was, as far as 3my memory serves me, silenced, the' magazine blown up, and, had not the allied ; squadron more important -work to do at Genitchi ori Taganrog, the place would. -here_eesi sunmoned; and I1 believe it had but to be' isumimioned to surrender. Although having no. ne_to spare, General rangel's 1,000 mea would have *forced us to have beeni rapid in our i moveInqnbs a,nd perhaps given :the enemy a better victoryv I -than tnhat:9f ,krabat, ;all we. San pray is that they may sever win a better one. SEIERARD OSBORig, . _ J aptain, 2Royal]Navy. 1 Brighton, July 29.
HX .F.ATAr COLZiRY EZPLOPLOH 1K GLA. i, , # . A. - .. i:: PRiX IQDD:,. JDLTr 30.- aemta,teso~' of the witaaesaeaato tile. thoinsigaon : ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~te of e Gt leUt'inapeto eC ceasedIxpl iona -'which baa thrown t1he .popultion. of te, whole . .ineril hasin oef Sout Wales into saek, r,olib ji& lad eatl Tiuy'sheu th e m8eeta inonat ondy e ek. ''n thei qUiirg b een b te intere;st ' cocu ion ' to iscried ra the tan df luh, and up' to thevtince or seportersont theo couln of pontypndd; the' inc. w hich the boies mn ouedoheld a srrouded by t croed of rtivet ad friends; of thle, deased awaiting dwith aoxienl the desult oE the5i Th est . reasembled yestedayat 2 O'dClOk, whlen the' tieenital eviden8 oi r. Willamaso the r oirym sureror, having been broughttoiaconlusion, it was arranged, atha. .oerneutof tsejev r, that tiseevideace ef sole person twhoe could prove the positiof n Inwhich the bodie ere found, should be taken. powland iontlands was aceordingl called ond exatninedn b t the oroner he oaid-I an a iovere an in CymerOld t pit, and havo been in tbg aituatioer about ayear andua-hal -For about seveno yeas previously I hod-een a collier i the r samepit. a t thretimeaof theiexploeoI as-at the ofthe, about 1 pcrds fromn the levlth of the pi I did noth aes the explosion, hut direetly after it oEccwred one of the men rant the door of the otic and tohdm n, I ran at oney to:d thepithwethoutustopping, and sther abot fiveminutes afterotheacident. I1wentdowntdireetly,the shaft beiIg in -perfect wrorkcing order. I do not. remember whether there: w:as anybody wth me. On arriing6 at the bottom of the pit I proceeded along the level as far as the South *Vales: parting, rnd there I net Thorwas Evans, sitea onte or two, other men. I asked whether there was anything the matterl with the doors of the South Wales heading, and they told me that trhey we-re quite rigvhtno mischief wasdonein thatpart of the pit. I then went on the level, and shortly cainej to a spot at which there were two horses dead on the floor, but whether they were burnt or had died fron the afSer: damp I don't know. Roeco Morgan was the haulier attached. to those horses. He is alive, and-I believe esped tninjured. Ithen prooeeded toI id Arthur'seheading, onwhich' there was a horse lying in the lt stage of exhaustion, and' which shortly afterwards died. Just before this I met John I Thomas running forward on the level to get to the mouth of the pit. He was much burnt, but is now alive. There - were trains attached to the horses of which 1 bave poken, :and on p ingthbemT saw two men-William Jones andThomas Dad-lyingdowrnonthesoa. r he were ali hut werburnt Subseqiiently tlihywere takenup to the mnouth of the pt. Their-proper placeof work 7as a head. ing called " Griiiths's-heading," but at the time of the cc- enti they werec going down the level to fetch some iron -pates. They- bad been to Darid Arthurr's dip for the plates. That sres not the usual place to keep theplates, nor. were they accustomned, as far as I know, to go tihere forthem. 'The plates, are usually kept at the pit'a mouth. Alfterlleft thesemienIheard somne one callfing out, and~ went in the *3irection of the noise. I then sawr David 'thonlaS, a door boy-attached to John Thomas, the halulier. I The boys acc any the hauler inthis pit, and this onel was near John Thomas at the time of the accident. He -was also alive, but burnt. William David, the boy who ws brought up in a state of asphyxi, was found in Moses's heading, and taken to the mouth of thepit. I assisted all the meni whom I found, and, some more men comnfg up, I ordered the sufferers to be removed. I then went s far As John Caemawr's heading. Isaw the door blownx off there. There was only one door at that heading, it not being. worked. The door was blown up the heading. Finding that w,as the case, I ratn back to get some canv3ass to stop the; dobrway up, and when I waes coinin3g back I saw orhers stop-R pint up the doors in other directions, seas torestore the: ventll3tion. As soon as I had ordered the canvasis Irotulrned, and wsent on to Charles's heading. By this timne t.here were others w;ith us. Some one then said that they could hear voices in Moses's beading, and I, with two of the colliers, went there and found Thomss. Wtthews, who was then in astate of eihaustion, andwhodied before he was got 'up to the surface. There was also a dead horse there, and lMatthews was lying across the shaft of the tram attached to -t. The hanlier also vas picked up there. Further on, in the fourth stall, Willims Jones, better known as Billy the phan, and Benjamin Evans were taken up dead. I then saw David Daniel, hut, being overpowered wfith the bad air, I fell down insensible, wvas carried out of the level, and taken home. In about an hour I recovered, and again returned to the pit, where I found Mr. Evans, the Inspector of Mllnes ; Mr. Williams, the Mineral Surveyor; Mr. Bedlington, and Mr. D. Thomas. The firemen who went wish me in the first instance had explored, during my absence, the road be'tween the windwaylheading and Moses's heading, and had found several more bodies, which were removed to the surface. Mr. Thomas went to the taco of the windway heading, but did mot find any one. I saw William Vilha2s's candle in his stall, in the place where he uually worked, but there was no one there then. Both Willa1ms and George Griffliths, who also worked in that stall, were found dead at the level heading at the toD o of the wind way. I could not proceed so far as that, beio too weak from exposure to the bad air. I fell down ex-p llausted, was sigain taken out to the mouth of the pit, and Aexpoged to theiiesh air. I-revived in about an hour, and Wrent dbwn the pit S third tiue,but, there beingthen plenty: of assistance, and being very weak, I took no further active part in the proceedings. The witness then, with the issistance of Mr. Williams, gave an account of the number oEf ,qenmtaken outdead from the various headings. As a cor3 ect list of the nahiwxhas iot 5et aDpeared, it may be well to give'it:hese: ' Tle witness stated that in Charles's head- 1 ing five stalls erer being worked. In the first Thomas Wil- I liasu and John Isaacswere engaged; they were found dead! -in the -heading. I No. 2 Griffith Williams and his nlephew, Thomaxs Willi3ms, were taken oat, the first dead, hut the latter is a survivor. There were no men work;ingin No. 3 st;alL In Nc. 4 the workmen, Hezeki3h Davis and his two sons, were dead, havingbeen fondin Charles's heading. From No. 5 Wiliam, David, and Henry Jones, colliers.-: with a haulier named Rees Jenk-ins, and David Jenkins, a doorboy, were killed. The muen talen out dead from Moses's heading were Enoch Morgan, Peter Griffiths,D&vid. Morgan, Thomas Watkins, J. Hind, William Jones, Benjamin Evans, Thomas Matthews, Thomas David, William lavid, Bees Thomas, a second Thomas David, David.Daniel, and Edmund Davies. Some of the men were: burnt, and others snffocated. One man, William Davis, 'was r6scied alive, but burnt. In Jacob's heading there are 12 stals, and the following were taken out dead--Thomas ,evwis, Thomas Hopkins, Richard Miles, Waiter Miles, Even John, Isaac Morgan, John Roberts, Thomas David, and his three sons, Thomas, William, and David. all being badly burnt. John Williams, and his nephew, Wilia3m Williams, John Rees, Thomas Rees, Williart Evans, Wiliam Jenkins (father and son), David and Zachariah Richards (two brothers), Morgan Evans, Moses Rees, John Jenldns, Aaron Rees, Thon-as Williams, and Daniel Thomas (found dead at the bottom of Jacob's heading). The straight heading contains three stalls, and there were found dead in that heading Samuel and William Edwards (father and son), Morgan David, Edwvard Lewis and his son, and Henry Jones, Llewellyn Thomas (found dead at the mnouth of the stall). and William Thomas. In this heading the bodies of 2S persons working in the other parts of the mine were taken up dead, having fallen dovn insensible while endeavcuring to make theiray out of the colliery after the explosion. William Lewis and William ILewellyn were found dead in the face of the straight heading. There are five staUs in Saltbiel's heading. From that heading -were tak-en out dead William Rees and his son, Jenkin Davis, Morgan Morgan, Matthew Miles, MatthewEvans and his son Phitip. David Raines, end a Philip Evans. Two other dead bodiea, -were found near Jacob's cross headin,, in the level. Griflith Williams's heading contains two staIls. There were taken:! out dead Evan Phillip, David Morgan, and George Sollowayand his son. In Thomas Ffynonwen's heading Wiliam YMartin, David Thomas, and Thomas Jones, al dead; and ' in the face of the heading wore found the bodies of Isaac John and Thomas David. At the level heading Daniel Lewis and William Caldicott were kdlled. The following were takon out of Morgan Griffith's heading :-Evan! Hugh and two brothers, DavidPowell, Nathaniel and Daniel' Thomas, William Evans, and John Evans. In the face of theheading Benjamiin Rees and John WiUiams were found', dead. At the top of the windway heading, which was the main road to the mouth of the pit, 40 bodies were disco.-I vered, the coliers having been evidently rushing to the' mouth of the pit when the fatal gas overtook them. In! that heading there were seven stalls, and there were kiBled there John and Jeremiah Salathiel, Joseph John and a' .boy, Wiliam Williams and a boy, George Griff-tli-, David Howells, and David John and his two sons. In the face of the heading Morgan Mforgan and a boy ,ere found dead. In Evan Phillip's heading Richard Rees and David Morgan were taken up dead. Roes Jennus, a hanlier, was found in' Charles's heading, and a horse with him, dead. JohnThomas; was found in the leIel heading atthe bottom of Charles's' heading. badly burnt. David Daniel was found at the bot- tom of Moses's heading, and David Thomas, doorboy, at' David Arthur's dip. There were several horses-founddesd! in various parts ot the mine. The foremen for that mor-1 irng were Morgan Rowland and Wialliam Thomas. They! were not in the colliery at the time of the explosion. The witness-was visibly affected vrhile giving his evidence, and on several occasions when speaking of the discoveryof -the bodins of particular persons who were intimate friend, -his eyes became suffused with tears. A great deal of conn-' iniseration was also shown by the jury, some of whom armworking collierstb6mselves The inquest ras adjournedat 6 o'clock till Monday week'
IAP-my PRZE MoNEY.-The account of uin.claiied army prize money, from the 18th of January, 1809, *to the 31st of lecenmbee; 1855, includes a seen of 1,420,1471 - *ind-it appexs that there is a balance on the debit side .31,89O There is, however, a sula in the Three per Cenit. -C6nsolss oF 57,102!. invested on accounn of arrny prize .money. The e.xistence of this aoulont of-stock in Consolsi 'Eatwithstanding the balance is on the debit side, arises tfi:on the inv.>stients in the stock having been m3ade whexa tho funds wrere very low, and from tho sales thereuuti hiing beea eff'ected at con.siderably bigher prices. YSTCnvs PAACE.-One Shilling day, Wednesday, .: Y 'uly 30:Admjssi.jns o: nayument, 8,320; ditto by season 'ticketi. 650 tial vttors S,970. -t-Advsement.]-' BeU's If.e in lIndon" of Sundly -ipMwt Aplgust S. au ratuit6ugnplewentv will containftil aid .exclrtivie pgrticer,.nf tbo G,a6dwood meethug. IIeAti. Marl>roauz 'and olher aces-Erograraue sand tidijtious tt Brighton BabesRsamiui Fra4ce-AqEasatie: Great. Y..riuuith and otber RegattsCDktt: Maolteboue v. All RrIg.laiid:E lce Piseers b i ugliud rn,h,st FiSetW Gentleden; aud oth6r luteresUnkgnatch"n-(h e -Augliug-iuj lie idDs, The Chaxaminnsbi Oa the law ole Iand ad it affects fr.s ights--P<stleeeiasn-EceOn bhooting-WrestHuz QUee. ala allP fl +v"etUig.amd ziistclatiei n aCwY of th Wtk -rice;tkanrei . uutalipeL 5ff Ot:ice -170,Strand. SStari lMonuufent.-The Art' -onurnaf :fiii Ailgaik viiL,Et.-2r, 6 ans eDar Dgfi froDn the foU.w. jts!icniee5uItth 3t~a cletu:-isod 8w,- no Zturie. *ftssr 1. vunrbouli, sad -The Star LU the adt, Asfter IL W,ren. Tue caulphre v l6r: hig is thes Nymph 'uipr B. Theliters eWinn tiacThde-S:b,s-Porrehol -4ai`ufecture ot Chiiia, bl.)e t5 for the S r Tl rtt-df de ,Ljaideffustats- 'Btab-~ 3tiat-LS ffi ~ r11l.. msrtd -nd _avn by ?rcshi. &,iw M - us i1r ri&eass t:-e :. ,n' CtttX,:e~r~s sac~
CITY COMMISSIO.N OF SEWXRS. A Court was held for the despatch of public business; Mr. Deputy Peacoek occupied 'he chair. THr NEW RIVER CO3:I?ANY. 3Mr. Daw, the chief clerk, read a letter from the secretary -to the New River Company in answer to the comulaint of several inspectors respecting the want of water supply in certain parts of the city, which was not considered. stiifectory, and after some disctssion, Mr. DE JFP.syy moved,- " That the -clerk write a letter to the New River Cornpony, stating that the letter just read is no reply to-the aformer letter written to the company by order of this Court." Mdr. ABRAImm seconded the motion, which was unaninmously carried. VEEKLY RBPORT OF THB MEDICAL OFFICER OF HEALTT. Dr. Letheby-rea&the following report 4" To the Ron. the Comumissioners of Sewers of the City of London. "Gentlemen,-The irnspectors' retums relate to 254 houses thiat have been viszited during the last week, and I beg to submit a list of places that require your orders for their ,anitary improvement in -various particulars:- "The nortaJity-table for the week shows a small increase in the death-rate as compared with that of the last fort,night. The total number of desths for the week is 55, of which 23. vere among children of under 10 years of age. The chief causes lof. death were, consumlption, measles, smallpox, und choleriiodarrhaa of children. "III respect of Fox and Knot court, which was the subject of reference last week, I have to state that it was thoroug,hly inspected about 10 dys ago by Mr. Ternouth, and orders were issued for such improvements as the place -will admit of. It is, however, a very -wetched locality, and the houses are in such a dilapidated state that they must ere long be brought under the notice of te dsrictsurveyor I find here, as elsewhere, a conmnon complaint of the short supply of wvater; in fact, ever since the mew rewulations of the water companies have conme into operation the poor of this and other such localities h;ve been in a miserable plight. They complain that the water is twned on very early in the morning, and for so Fh ort a time that they have not an opportuinity of collecting enough for their coimmonest wants. The necessity for remedying this is becoming very urgent " A complaint has been made to me by some of the inhabi'ants of Phiilpot-lane of a great annoyance to which they are subjected by the fumes of burning sulphur; and, on inquiry, I find that there are several spice morchants in the neighbourhood who employ lare quantities of sulphur in a state of combustion for bleaching ginger, coriander seeds, and white pepper. I need not tell you that the fames of -burning sulphur are exceedingly offensive, and, I may add, that they are very destructive of property. Experiment has shown that they are injorious to animal life, and thit they will kill plants when the vapours are dilutedwith 10,000 times theirvolume of air. The vpors are likewiseso heavythat, -althongheverrprecaution is taken to diffuse theis into the atmosphere by carrying on the bleaching operations at ths top of high warehouses, yet the suffocating gas descends in calm weather by reason of its own gravity, and is thus the source of considerable annoyance. I aml noS acquainted with any remedy for this short of discontinuing the whole process; and this, I am told, ]ould soon be the case if the public would ceae to cal forthose artificial conditiona as regards appearances widch are so huArtful in every way. In order to remove the yellow colour which ginger naturalypossesee, and which is bymolneans disagreeable, -it mnhst be steeped for hours in a solution of oil of vitriol ar'd chloride of lime, then exposed to the fames of buraing sulphur, LDd finally dried. The coriander seeds which are used for confectionery and for llavouring gin, are :subjected to a somewhat simnlar process- and in ill of these cases the strength and flavour of the spice are co,siderably damaged. I cannot, therefore, butregard these -processes as sophistications which ought to be discontinued. ' I have the-honour to remain, Gentlemen, 'Your obedient servant, " HE8BEY =r=, l , "Officer of Health for the (City of London. "Guildhal, July 29.' The Chief Clerlk ws directed to send a copy of that part of the report relating to the deficient supply of water to thecity to the Secretary of State for the liomeDapartsuent. The Court, after inflicting severe penalties on several of -the contractors for cleansing the public thoroughfares for neglect of dutyvladjounied duringtie holydays. -
[Advertisement)]-" The new naval novel " HEr tio Howard Bneuton," by Captain Sir Edward Be]cber. JN.. CR.B. &c. us co's., is just pubDL ied, and ray be had at al tbse lbsiei Also. " The l oung Lord." by the author of *' The Discipline of Lifis i t 2 wo1s. "Ths mew"soiby LAdyEmiy I'onsoby. *- .tesmg as a sty, and stIlore to be counended for the trme ,f lhi2 p-in*eiple with whmcl it is perraded. azd the prodta4la lesWus it it5010catteas-" Literary Gaz-tte." "Diuna WyTfyard, by the autla-r of I AdlCCWentvweurch"n voia "'A inmet bemvithb ilgbemk."-" euifidliy Tirues. 'ivelyn tlarston." I y tho autior of '-]Dilia Wv'auhsu, ", Toa.l Hurst audUackett, publiibei- 13.. Grext l,llbo ough-Stxeet. - ' [A&dvtimsenxst,]-"B.itjsl 3uril Sports," by St6nieI beDgem pr1cel0 , lCd.-half-bouud. -'This is S-6r.tberobly pesethri |book, DitU . bu sihcb f e-c oayol b ..i to acquire a kiowledise uf rumalsp,t. It coinprises; ahootimz, hitiv%. jht Ooinrsin, hShig g, hAwI:inggmrcjlg, boatiumg. a;n-dlho vari6emrm. ,gRamssarsdamusetuemt5ts. 13rea lrBiral, andis well eal,rmd-.ed tm:bs *culkate as I.,e of i,lb16e xtaetic sports dwd zusly o-utdoor exeina-, which have beersoo lchaIlleted.L Thewoekia itlusraited 1b u4-. Inermug wood e1mgrasngks&aud Cheud be i. tbO l>seSdn ot every SpOl oDDiD.ommdi,ol (2i,,t5ir tlontl"xdlud Co.. karri u d.e i |: ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ f [AYrielnt}sAvnt <0SX*-Ledbrary,reks Albrt Stuith. pric2i.-A b l,, rtiug to be d.c dptive of ever.rd:sy'ILe. and-elimu romuply relleets cbe- b'mbltt rems tnstomts o2 t hi g.S tobetieucceisfu!ehotd betwritters earl .iu Iif,e- ad, Lt5lk-mesgai4 coloissirsyand Xr jv .eetls y- e the vev. i3ioritEbe akemisedwiid eth. iehollection tofthsmif Yes f rells ! tbe author sbrinm -gush:w74i.lre, -Caswi,th _M -AISsere Soutihs I Ledbury." audr bence Ito extrnesdin%y um:ess Eiejy pye teemis with' a ,sD.a sry b mseid& ul.s ot I.ie4 London a. Prsi reile the sce1 -e 'i l u I vhiew bis aawiU iil .syo be is-a or- ma nunE-o I-se-b I 'able.r [flt-sui. -London. G'oeititledys auldlC,M - J?sriQ!dolatak
-rA W REPORT-'.- °OBIzT 9-- 9faAWCFY, laNcouI's-Z-N, JULY 30. 7 1 , t . ? - a - -, ? , Rr - .- C. -f? -: ? , k-W(?r? aA ?4- C-C-Lon-) r 3frZMTa~r?S'( r Roxbturgh with b(m). at the sitting of tieCoirt, msde ia'application of considerable impolttce I tuudi -the act6of'Parliament passed lastsession, enablin'm Wiffit5, with the-pprobation of the Curt of Chancery,.tos Pake binding sattlenents of their real and 'personal-estate *:mariage, It are by the 'ition, which was presente in the first instance to Vice-Chiancellor Stuart, that the petitioner, a young lady of 20 years of age, And entitled On the de0th of -ierfatherto a fortunie'of lt,GOW., wason tho7 eve of. ronttracting ma*rriag -witn a clergymank and--was desirous of settling her, property under the abmrobation of this Conut. The marriage was sanctione'd bher father, wh dwas her only suriviug parent. Thb, Vicd.Chinm-elfor made; an order of reference to his chief clerlc,T to inquires whether it was prosper that any and what settlement -ehould he made, .but at the samea time~ elire-cted ian inqu'ry 'wh'ether the proposdt mnarriage was a fit aind proper one, haning regard to the character and fortune1 of the intended husband. It was this latter inqusry the fifant petitioner now -sought to have expunged from the oxde of reference,- on the. grotud tat tho opinion of the Vice-Chancqllor, that any infant appling to this Corrt 6ider the before-mentioned act of Parliament thereby beiamc, a ward of Court, was erroneous. " The LORD CHArtOELLOR said that he thoughbt D. Malins is not the most fit person to construe the act, inasmuch a,he had been tho main cause of its being passed. How. ever, he (the Lrrd Chancellor) must confess that he agreed -ith such cositruction, that this Couit, although it '*i bouad to be satisfied of the propriety of any proposed settlement, could iot prevent any marriage taking place ivithout the consent of the Court. The order would, therefore, go without any reference to the chief clerk as to the propriety of the proposed marriage; but, as the facts of this case were of a special character, he (the Lord Chan*cellor) should not consider himself absolutely concluded b'y xthis case in respect to the construction of the act of Parliaz.ent. - - - DRiAsUNDOe V. BtANDOx. . It wilt be recollected that, on the 9th of April last, a~s 'order was obtained from this Court, ex parte, to rheear a i Wecree made on the 4th of June, 1825, on the ground that. -such decree proceeded upon the report of the Master, which :Wst founied in error. The present motion was to dis.cearge that orcelr. The alleged error consisted in the Master Theing, in his report of who were the next of kin of an. intesate, accidentally omitted the name of the intestaWs £tSidQW. (On the other hand, it was now contended that the; . s-d6w had agreed to resign her interest. The case was not *soncluded. Yr. Swanston, Mr. Glasse, and Mr. Cracknell were for the motion; Mr. Rolt, Mlr. Baily, and Mr. Hardy contrd. T EE srrnGs 0F THE COURT. .-The LORD CA?NCELLOiR, in the course of the day' st ated ihae, as he had been much engaged elsewhere of late, he ,would sit in this court all next week, or, at any rate, until ;e :had cleared his paper. - (Before, tiw LORDS JUsrIcEs OP AprPPALt.) As the days grow hotter and hotter the paper of business for the attention of the Court becomes heavier and heavier, 'while that, as may naturally be expected, transatcted dwindles from little to less. Appeals, appeal motions, and :appeal netitions fare alike, they become what nuon circuit are called " remanets," and the cooler ceason of ITovember, 'i looked forward to as a period when each matter may beh -heard. Notwithstanding the unwearied and unwearying platience of the learned judges,sitting from half-pastlOo'clock Mitil nearly 5, flaws are discovered in the service of notices -long after maotions are opened, and over they go to a period beyond the Long Yacatios, so that little practical good is effected. CAiIPBELL V. COELEYr. Alter sone preliminary discussion, an order was made that MEr. Corley should receive a moderate fu-ther sum. . Campbell is to amend his bill within three weeks, and Xsir. Corley, if he requires to put in an answer, is to do so winthin four weeks afterw.ards. r. Bacon and Mr. Greene were for the plaintiff; MIr. Daniel and Mr. Southgate for the defendant. HALL V. HLULL. This wasan appeal from anorder made by Vice-Chancellor -Kinderiley, by which he had ordered the solicitor to the next friend to indemnify her against. certain costs. - Mr. Swanstn and Mr, Clement Swanston appeared for -tthe appellant, the solicitor; Mr. Glasse and Mr. Roxhurgh for-the defdndants; M1r. Fcoks for the next friend. - Lord Justioe KNIG.T BR1UCF, during the argument, said, "'The advising by an attorney of an old woman to be the next friend of infants in filing a bill in Chancery may be very wise and proper, or the revelseo; it the latter, it is a matter not to be lightly parted with." BM. SWASSTON at length read evidence to shFow that the suitwas instituted by the solicitor under the advice of counsel, and that the next friend was cognizant of what was done. The case is not yet completely opened.
VICE-CLANCELLORS' COURTS. T1JLY io * 2N RE THIE BIDFE}ORD EXTENSIo? RAILWAY CAM PA\ (Before Yice-O7enw;o .r R -'1 - I Mr. C. ROUPELL appeared in support of this petition, the object of which was to obtain payment out of court of a sau of 2,4001., paid into court under the dompulsoly power4 9sested in th e company for land taken by them in the constraction of their railway. It appeared that the land was the property of MIr. Archibald Cleveland, of Tapley-park, <Devon, who, being an officer in the 17th Lancers, vws dangerously wounded at the battle of Inkermann, of which wound he died the next day, having made his will, and devised his real estate to such utes as his mother should appoint; and the company now presented aL petition pnsying payment out of court of the 2.4001z. so paid in as before mentioned, Mr. CleveLand having appointed the land in question sad other property in favour of the company at an extension of 8001. ia the price. The VICE-CH4SCELLOR said that upon the proper evidence of the death of Mr. Cleveland being produced from the War-office the order might be umade. (Before Vice-ChanccldorSfrW. P. WOOD.) W ELCH V. SEL.MAN.-SCHWEPPE'S SODA WATER. Another injunction, similar in terms to those already granted in other cases, was obtained by the plaintiffs against , the 4bove defendant, restraining himu from using or selling soda water in bottles or with labels similar to those used and adopted by the plaintiffs, &c. iMr. Roxburgb, for the motion, and Mr H. F. Dristowe, fos the defendant, consented to a perpetual injunction. e S 1OIYNGON V. KEENE. MLr. FREEE1;G moved, on behalf of the plaintiff, that the -Clerk of Records and Writs might be directed to seal an attachbment against the defendant for non-production of c documents, pursant to the order of the Court. The grounds ctthe objection of the officer to seal the attachment r without the express order of the Court were that the defendant had produced some of the documents, and so far there had been a compliance with the order. It anpeared by tne statement of the learned counisel that the delendant had originally put in an affidavit as to documents, and - had been ordered to produce those docu,ments, and to make a further and better affidavit, and to produce the documents mentioned in the first affidavit. This furthrT affidavit had been made, an.d stated that some of the dcuments to which it referrel related to other matters, a2d mn offer was given . for inspection at the defendant'soffice. Upon the plaintiffs solicitor going to inspect them, one of them, a letter-booki the defendant declined to allow to be seen until he had tal-en counsol's advice, and this letter-book he had subse.quently stated to be lost, althougis the clerk had on that occasion seen it at his office. His Ho-eoun directed the attachment to issue.
£ 'OUT OF BANKRUPTCY, B3lVkaU-st7-reet, July 30. I D!I RE J. BRARE, THE YOUNGER. (BefO)Te Mr COnZMiSO)Zeo, FONELAINOTUF -r :: -s e mue-rcuaane a1a rarmer oft harket B Earborough and.3liddleton. >fr. TL.rn: xr ~-applied on his behalf for a firstjlas' '-certificate. T!here,e3,e00C. of assets to meet 4,,900. of debts, and the bankrupt had had some heavy losses. -Eis Boo;ou. granted a certificate of the first class, with the remark that the case might have been) better if the bankrupt had not given a bM of sale to the Leicestershire Banking Company. - IN PE 3t. -IAWTlHORN. A second-class certificate wa awarded to B. Hawthorn, shoe mercer, of the Wandsworth-road * Mr. G. Lawrence, for the assgnees, not opposing. T a 1 RE T. RENSARD. The bankrupt was a baker of Brooksby-street and Northampton-street, Islingtin. This was the certificate ueeting. * Mr. Bilary opposed for the assignees, and Mr. Linklater su prted. said thereh beena juggle between the bank- Aupt and a persozin n e Fryar, by means of which the 4o6d- "'*s1 of the business fad been transferred to the Iltter at 1 Nrtbamuon-steeet. There would be as ruspension of thb '-aereificate (third cas) fortoree months, without protection' as there transfers were of .commongoccurrence,he wished itto bae nderstood that if another cswe of the kind shiould eome beforohim the bankrapt would not be let off so easily.
- L VYSOLEN DEBTORS' COURZ JLZy S3. rf RE JOsRrPT W/r- '(Before -Ur. Comr,zssioner P LmTTpti .) 1 xns snsoavenm, a comedian and dramatic author, asml4ed Bo be disc arged. He 'was opposed on behalf of r iss Rebecca Isaacs, the vocalist, against vwhm he bad broueht an action to recover a snm of money ' which he alleged togbe due tohim as-an author for the performnance of one of Ids. plaYs. In that action he was unsucce"fnI, and was nlbw in custody at the suit of Mliss Isaacs for 112t., the cost of defending that actiont. Ul7on examination tho insolvent said, he had no propert except some manuscript plays and burlesques in the hands hf his solicitor, who had a lien upon tiemn for costs, bpst he beheved tney vwere of o value to any one. Mr. Commissioner PHILLIPS remarlied that the last state-! maent wasa vr modesb one for an anthor to give in rel4tion to one of his own yroductions. , oh -An attempt was made oprovethbatthe actionbroutht byI the insolvent was vexatious, but the 'plaintifPs attorney *beng absent, his counsel was unable'to prove his case e -The insolvent was ordered to be disebarged. -EXPLOSLON OF A *POWDEn-AtMT -An explosion 'ofane31arming character,occnred oAonday evenin at th rWirsborough gunpoWdei mills, beldnging to Slsssrg. Short., t idge anKd lWrigoht,.and: situate in a seclu,ded part ofWars. borough.de,,neazKBarnsiey. The rp6rt was heardfor a ti.cihi ofseveral milos; and' occasioned- mnch terror inuthe istict, the inhabitants aiprehendihg that another coplpit catatropheh ad-occujTed, The etploson took pla&c in one f oftiemills ehatged-witlha compo6itioA for themantifactiire * tIi6 8portigpowder, and the roof aind -sideg of thi, itdfls were blown to &tom, while the 0cor anid foundations -were ~Ai sIedge4. AUI thA cls emploae- in the establisimentnt ba& left e orb6 and go loss g Jf,' Pz .pewron Djury .cco3.rcL . -
Z'lfMER ASSIZAS. - .NORFOLK CIRCUIT. , 1 Y.-Tf .Tmor- 9Q * ROWT Coo .Before zt;oCASnXLL.B) William iMurton, "aged 28, and William Fetch, aged 24, wer6indicted formaliciouslyadtilnisteringareenic tofour honsee, the property of their employer, Mrs. Mitchell, at Mr. Orridge was counselfor the Crown, and Mr. Metcalfe appealed for the defence. the prisoners have bth been a. long time in the service of Mrs. Mitchell, four of whose horses were found to have died underwcircumstances which led to their dissection, and| the discovery that they had been poisoned with arsenic. In the course of the case the prisoners, who had the care of the hoss, were proved to have administered the poison to them, hut under the innocent desire of improving their coats. Under all the circumstances of the case, his Lordship directed averdict of acquittatl LcrdCA5I'BtELL then inqured how it w*s that the prisaners could have possessed themselves of solsrge a quantity of the poison as th<at which they had given to the horses?9 ?l'Intyre, the Governar of Bury Gaol, and another gentleman stated that, though chymists were placed under stringent rules as to the sale of poisons, there \y5re peoplesuch as hawkers and ra'catchers-who made a brsctcce of se]ling it in large quantities. Lord C.AMPBELL said, it was a most dangerous practice, and one which migbt lead not only to the destruction of animal but humaan life ; and if any one who carried on such a trade should be brought before him he would know how to deol with him. THE BEHUTLEY FSRE-FIGHT. William Hayes, aged 29, James Massey, aned 32, Thomas Sagers, aged 30, and Daniel Dismore, aged 25, surrendered to take their trials on two indictnients, charging them with being concerned in the prize-fight at Bentley on the 17tlh of June last. Mlr. Powm. appeared for the prosecution, which, he stated, had been instituted by order of the magistracy of the county of. Suwolk, to mark their disapproval of the i illegal andiimproper proceeding which had recently occurred at Bentley, nearlpawich, on the17th of June, when a great number of men, having engaged a special train from London for the purpose of a prize fight, ad attenpted to carry -hat disgusting purpose into execution in a meadow adjoining the railway sn the parish of Bentley. It was but jast to tie men now at the bar, who were the principals, the umpire, aaadoneof the seconds, to state that on the appearance of the police (who lad promptly interfered) they had quietly desisted, and had departed to London by the specia traim which had brought them down, without offering any violenti opposition to the police. It was not so much, therefore, the. object of this prosecution to ptnish the parties now at the i bar as to proclaim to the world the determination of the authorities of the county of Suffolk not to allow their soil to be polluted by a repetition of such a proceeding as a prize-fight. In order to accomplish this object this prosecution had been instituted against the prize-fighters and others actually engaged, and aiso against two officials of the railway com pany for refusing to aid the police. MEr. Knzs2Nx who appeared for the defendants, said that, after the statement made by his learned friend, he should advise his clients to withdraw their plea of " Not Guilty,"' and submit themselves to such sentence as his Lordship might deem it fi to pass. The defendants had no answer to the substance of the charge; and their only object in pleading had been to have the opportunity of showing, what was now freely admitted, that their conduct bad been, except in respect of the fight itself, most becoming. They had offered no resistance or incivility to the constables; and they would not now offer further resistance to the prosecution. Lord CAmrnm n said that the magistrates had done right in instituting a prosecution, which would show that in the county of Suffolk pi~ze-fights would not be tolerated. The law must be vindicated, but, looking at the conduct of the defendants, and regarding the views which the prosecutors seemed to entertain, he thought that the purposes of justice would be answered by the defendants entering into their own recognizance in 20Neach to come up for judgment when called on. The defendants Then entered into the required recognizances, and were thereupon dischared At a subsequent hour of the day thbE other send, named Robert Travers, a black mian,, surrend~red and entered into the like recognizance. / Mfr. rOwx-E (with whomn was Mr. Stephenson) then stated that he appeared with his learned friend in suppcort of two indictments which had boeen found against Mtr. Edward Dorling and Mr. Yarmiuski, both oonnecttd with the Eastern Counties Railway, and who were respectively charged with having refused to aid th( police, and, indeed, with obstruct. ing them in the execution of their duty, by refusing-to alow them to proceed on the railway by the special and other train in pursuit of the prize-fighters. It might be aleged in their justification that these parties were actin in the execution of the orders of their superiors, and the object of these pro. secutions was to convince the public that such proceedings were improper, and that the company, acting through their officials, were highly to blame for having lent themselves in any way to the illegal proceedings in question. He therefore wisbed that the defendants might be caled on to apnear and plead. 3Ir. TOZXR, who was instructed for the defendants, proposed that the cases should bc postponed. He believed that she defendants had not received notice of the intention to call on them at the present assize. Mr. POWF3R dissented from that statement. Lord CAPMELL.-Let the trials proceed. Call on-the defendants to appear. - The defendants were accordingly caJled,- but, neither -*o them answermg, Hlis LORDSHIP granted bench warrants for their appre: hension. Two orthree trifling cases werethen disposed of, and, the criminal business of the Suffolk assizes being brought to a cl0se, Iord CASIPBELL, in a gracious and graceful address thanked the jury for their services, and dismissed them to their " happy homes and smiling harvests." NIsI PBIus CousT.-(Before Mr. Justice COL}r!RDGR alid 5pecia2 Juries.) AGGS V. EASLEA. Mr. SerjeantlByles, Mr. O'Malley, andlMr.W. Cooper were counsel for the plaintiff ; Mr. Power and Mr. Lh Mills represented the defendant. This was an action in which the plaintiff, who is aged 30, sought to recover compensation from the defendant for the breach of his promise to marry her. The defendant, admitting the promise and breach, paid 151. into court as sufficient damage for the same. The plaintiff was introduced to the jury by her counsel as a young lady of unblemished character, who had received a most wanton and unjustifiable insult from the defendant, for, having engaged her as his housekeeper, he had won het affections, promied to marry her, fixed the very day for the ceremony, which was to be performed before the super,intendent ofinarriages at Bury, and had, after all, ccolli ' repudiated his engagement, while the plaintiff was residing at Bury for the purpose of giving the superintendent juris diction, by sending his brother to discharge her and pay her her wages, and at the same time to inform her that he could not marry her as he was gone to Australia. The case on the part of the defendant, however, placed the plaintiff's conduct and character, as well as her claims to sympathy and compensation, in a very different light, for evidence, wbich could not be sbakets on cross-examination, was adduced to show that she had, before her engagement to the defendant, indulged several gentlemen with the last favour which a lady can grant (including a brother of the defendant himself), and that when the defendant took her into his house his family had warned him of her character, and had ultimately induced him to get rid of her and his engagement in the summary manner above mentioned. It must be obvious that the details of such a case, which occupied the jury for a considerable time, are unfit for publication. It may suffide to say, therefore, that the jury eventnally found a verdict for the plaintiff for 40s. beyond the sum paid into court. MOOR, V. W:PB. Mfr. Prendergast, BFr. Serjeant Wells, and Mr. BtIlrcam were counsel for the plaintiff, Mr. Serjeant Byles, Mr. O'Malley, and Mfr. Couch appeared-for the defendant. This was an action in which the plaintiff complained that the defendant had in'ured and polluted the waters of a brook running through hs farm, near Stowwmarket, by. means of certain works carried onbythe defendant as a tainner and fellmonger. The defendant by his pleas' advanoed a right so to use the brook in question from aJl time, and a user for 40 years, and for 20y.ears before actioh broughu; and to these pleas the piaintiff now assigned' e.xcess. . The case for the plaintif had not dosed when the Court rose.
IIOtE CIRCUIT. (;ELMSFORD, JULY S0. CivL >SIfl-(Befare Air. Justice ERLE and a Common Tisryt) RIRISON V. DOW$LtT AwND WV.. This was an action to recover 401Jupbn an I 0 U, alltge' to have been givan by tht !dectaigd husband of the female defendant. . -" - . * -: .. -_ . 3fr. Hawkint appeared for the plaintiff and Serjeant Shie and Mr. Charnock were dounsel for tho defendant. , i -It appeared that the plaintiff was -the brother of tlhe decease r, who was forolerly an omnibus proprietor. In IbO, -however, lhe disposed of his stock of horses:ad carriages at Robinson's repository, and they realied the sum df,7261. 1ls. Sd. Shortly before the ealitapnared th&tetedceased hadborrowed 300 ;of hIsbrother,-the plaintiff, and f e case for the plaintia was that when this amount was repaja by' bank-notes, the prodi,e, of the vheck for the puirbasy money of the horses and omnibuses, a sum of 401. was le .t in gold, for which the deceased gave the IOU in U estio . It appeared that this money was hover repaid ;'and in8 the deceased, who was suffering from carbuncle,. wastiken to the hospital, where an f7ieration was performed upon-hin4, and he died shoirly afteirirds. In ordef to make out the' plaintiff's case; the plaintiff himself, Mr. John Kerrison, vas ensamined, and he swore positively -to 'the money havidg been advanced under thb circumstanoes above stated, and he also said that while his brother was4 lying ill in the hospital he mentioned the subject of the I O U to him and asked what was to be done about' it, and-he replied that his -wifeknew. all about it, and she would pay the money if he died., Mr. Freer, the actor, who was in the habit of visiting- the 'deceased and his brother,:conarmed'his evidence as to what. look place whenthe money-w.as advanced, and the conversa-- tioa at the hospital was alao depoaed to by a person niuied Bill, 'who was present isben.t took place. - I Serjeant ,SHrE, in his sddress to the 3jury for the defend-' ant, said that,-aecordjng to hois instructions, there was no' ground for the claiun thlat was sat uphy tho palaintifl, ind'that,'in woins of fact, the 10 xwasnotagenuinedocument.t *He-called * '* Mr..Hannah Dowsett, the female defendant, -a stoutcomely.looking person, ?Sp,=tly`n thewrong side of ffty,' s:9d she stted that the IO U was s otin.the handwriting of 1 hei decased hisbaud. She said that he was a ver7 particuslqr-man in money matters. and Al-wav paid all lis bills re-, .gul.arIy,' Ehe'~ istasted that while lier husband w' iDl in the I40spital,'and shortly before hsis death, she bad;gine Fsationwisiihiin nipon the..auect o.is afacr-an he.told her. he did isotowc-any debb,t, and did not-say 'a ord ~ahit' amch i-docamentae'the I O U'eing in eaistence.'< Clross*eaamined.-She mrried her preseietisusband, 31r. Dow£ett, in lorember, 18-. a"er husband died in e He (Mr. Doowsett) and his inife during her lifetinio We~ erZ friendly with witnesavand her hbubanda for a greaxt .miny sears. Se codrted his wife at her house, and they. iU made an agreemtnt thit if witness's husband should die and 'Mr. Dowsett's wife ihould dibe or if she shoul die and Mr. Dowsett should die, the survivors shoald get mirried (laughter). This' agreement was made in the year 1826. Mfr. Dowsetti did not court her after hii wife died-in the lifetime of her husband {.(laughter). She fas quite sure ef thab '(renewed laiihter). On the contrai, -she -had a very great disle to the man for a long time. Her husband had sometimes said to her;"4 You have been tso see that Dorsett," and she used to tellUhim she-had not, and th was the fact. After the death of her husband she and Mr. Dowsett made it up. She recolected the solemn promise she had made to herpoor husbad, and thought she could not do better than marry the man. (Renewed lauglhter.) They were very good friends now. - Some other evidence was adduced in support of the case for the defendant, but it appeared to be of an immaterial character. -Mr. Justice ERL?, in summine up, expressed his opinion that the plaintiff's case had been fully established, and that there had been no answer to it on the partof the defendant; ana the jury at once returned a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed.
NORTITT.RN- P.TRn.m - NEWCASTLE. 'TUESDAY. JULY 29. - This morning Mr. Justice Willes finished the trial of the town prisoners at the Moot Hall, and then tried ths town causes. The causes tried were wvithout interest. - Mr. Bason Bramwell sat at the County Hall, at 10 o'clock, for the trial of the county prisoners, and charged the grand jury. The calendar contains the names of 13 -prisoners. Two of them were charged with a. garotte robbery; the rest were ordinary larcenies and crines of a light character. * idhael Allep, hawker, tged 23, ahdHRobert Swsaes, haker, aged l9, were in dicted for a robbery, with violence ons Jilnes Sisnmers, at Northz Shields, on the 9th of July, andastealiag from his person ls 10.ld,, a h.andkerchief, and his cap. M£r. Davison and Mfr. Fowler prosecuted, and MIr. Mrduk defended the prisoner Alien; the other prisoner was not, defended. * It appeared that the prosecutor, who is a sailor, came ashore froml his ship at North Shields on the night of the 'Jth of July. He was rather the worse for liquor, and while wandering abcout the stseets at10 o'clock at night he. was spicked np by tw-o girls, named M argaret Eiailes sand Hannah Hopkins whtile w,alldng wi.h these girls near the Rloperybaniks,whvere there are some steps, the twvo prisoners suddenly rushed. upon the prosecutes, and, as the witnesses d'escribed, Allen "put, the hang" upon him,. placing his arm round his necks and squeezing his thsroat tillhe.was nearly insensible, while the prisoner Swaies searched his clothes. The prosecutor, however, had no po-ckets, and the prisoners at this time found nothing upon him. The two women set up a loud cry for the police, and t,he prisoners ran oes. 1'he prosecutor then get up and paUled his cap over his f ace, and in doing. so, his money, which he kept in his cap, I under his handkerchief, rattled, and made a noise, z'nd thea prisOners appeared to hear it, £or they immediately retulrned, and the prisoner Allen again " put the hang" on the prosecutor with such violence that blood gushed from his mouth and nose, and his eyes appeavred almost to start from his head, and he fell down insensible. Allen then ran off with his cap, nnoney, and handkerchisf, and Swales ran into a| lodginghouse ktept by a person named Wilson. The Women again raised an alarm, and one of them ran off for a policemnan, while the other remained with the prosecutor, and assisted him asp. Tegirl Hopkins pointed out Wrilson's honse to the polie , and it was searched, and nunder as bed Swales was found concealed, and he was taken into custody. On their way to the lock-up a man.was seen crossing the 'street, whom one of the women recognized as the other man who had attacked the prosecutor, and she imneediately .cried out " Thaf's the man !" lie was instantly pursued, and after a hot chace, in which hc tried to alter his appearance boy putting a "muffler" round his neck. and finallyI p.ulled off his cost to accelerate his flight, he was at length captured: When asked why he ran away, he said " he was pursuing the man who had rob1ed." This was the purisoner Allen. The prosecutor aud both the girls swore to the identity of both the prisoners; and the girls said theyl had seen Allen before, and none of them had spoken to him. For the defence it was submitted that the identity of Allen was not satisfactorily madeout, and somodiscrepaucies in the evidence were relied upon as showing that the womnen were not quite accurate and to he depended upon. Etis Lossusen' having summed usp the evidence with great The jury found both prisoners GuitZy. The Superintendent of the Newcastle police then stated tat Allen was the associate of the most desperate gang of thieves in the county, and had been in cust-edy before on a serious charge. His LOBDnSIII:P sentenced Allen to be transported for life, and Swales to eight years' penal servitude. Allen was tried at the last assizes for the wvilful murder of Dorothy Bewick, an old woman, who lived in a cottage alone at Mtatfen, and was then acquitted.
WESTERN CIRCMT- BODM N,. 3IILY 29. *1ne commLsso-ldor the county of Cornwall was opened here yesterday afternoon by*MriiSerjeant Channell, who im- edjiatelaftervnrds at rdtaddivine service. The business is lieav<, and bur.short tiin io ib e Z+d@ it in. -efirei are eight cauaesi two of which, are to be tried by.special junies. There are 28 prisoners n the calendar, six of whom are charged with murder-namely, for (two men and two women) for killiing an infant,-onowoman for killing h'er child, and a corpornl of the convicb guard at Plymoniuth for killing the .ergeant-major of the guard. There is a woman in prison here who was committed or the 21st of Juno, 1855, as a common prostitute and for disorderly conduct at Truro, for three calendar months with hard libour, and for want of sureties to keep the peace and be of good behaviour, 12 ealcdar months; imprisonment to commence at the expiration of the first sentence. Soon after she came to prison she became insane, and was transferred to the lunatic asylum. She was cured, and tben sent back to the gaol. Two persons had been committed by the same magistiates under similar circumstances, and they and the warrants of commitment were brought before Mr. Justice Crowder at the Lstb assizes, when his ordship declared that the w7arrants were illegal, and ordered the prisoners to he discharged. The warrant has been now placed before Mr. Baron Martin, and hy him has been declared to he legal, so this unfort;mate woman will bar7e to remain in prison or in the asylum for 15 months for disorderly conduct
POLICE. _-- - -- -d . MUNIONss~-Nr0n-s-William Plearson was brought before Sir Pt. W. CAsDrm'e, chargedi with robbery under the, followlis" circumstances. Mr. W~ood appeared for the prisoner. 'J. Ledwrith, shopman to Mr. W'alker-, jeweller; 57, Bishoppgate-street Witbiu) said -On Tuesday, thie 7th nIt.,the priboner entered the sho of sa loyer and ask-ed to be sho'wn some gold chains. I showed him several. He said he was cosansissioined by his brother, a captain, to biuy a chain to replace one that hiad been lost by a miidshipmian to whom his btother had lent it. After exansining the chiains he . asked nie if I could make one guard chaini into an Albert chain of two lengths. I said I could do so and wuuld get it done by the evening. I showed himn also somei gold keys to puLt at the enid of the chain. He then abruptly said h; did not like buying one for anybody else, and that he would bring his brother up inthe course of 40 minutes. He thereupon left the shop, and immediately after he was gone I missed a geld curb guardl chain, weighinug 2oz. ID dwt. I had no one then to attenid to the shop, and could niot follow the prisoner. I savw nothing of him till yesterday, when he came in again and asked to look at somie gold clains. He showed me a cuLrb chain whiceh hie was wearing, and said he wanted one of the same pattern of the value of 91. or 101. I said I had not one in stock, and sent a lad for a policeman and gave the prisoner into custody. He then said I was a wvicked mnan for accusing him of stealing a chain. He had -whiskers 'when he calledI %t the shop on the first occsion, although lhe boas not ilow; but I recognized him immediately he enqtered the shop. -. Cossexamin~-I anni sy hw may cain I laced: before the prisone, I but I xniisse the one of which Thave. spoken themoinent he left the shop. J. Parmby, constabole N1o. '0.IWas Senti for to tako the p-rioner into custody. On searchinig himn at the stationhouse I ound nine pairs of gloves in a bundle in his pock et. I also fouand a duplicate of a gold chain pledgedi on the 28th inst. for It. He was wearing a gold chain and ring, which. I also produce. He told me he lived at Gravesend, The prisoner, who through his solfe#~or denied all knowledge of therezobuery, was remanded. Mary Simmonds, dzUcs 3W*t B3eava~l a prititte. was, Ichared-befure Mr.2Adersnan 1Iuzt'srae with ,stealig, two I.' Bankl o -Iglsd inotes twoq sov6relgns, and some sil,ver'fr&s tho pocket of 3fr-Miilus hlntthias, merchant; of. 1, 4Wabrook-buiidings, on thb l7th insb.- Mr1eimi; from -the ofrie da Wgr. Buicha4nani, appeare d for the rosecution ; Mr. lkis for t'he ~risoner. IL.RA. Baily,-a clerklsii the Ac6ountant't-office of the daZteth of~ Enlod;padce a -1.-note, numbered 79,08t, tbe' ank ofEngishd b-y essis. B;mk6y 6n the 2lst inst.- * Mm. J. Matthia!, the prodecutor, said,-About half-past 1a o'clockc on the -mighit of the 17th inst.~ I was in Grace- church-street, within a few yards of inI-owsz house; .*hen I, was accosted by the prisoner, *ho asked' sue to let her go home-with me. 1 tod aherlaid notwant tohave afythIng4 to say to'her. I proeeeded towrardayhdsiiihuse,,and aslwas, opening the door Iturned rotusd and. saCw th'at sh'e had, followed me. Shiep'ushed hers'elf'into"the jpasssage._jlhad s - goodi deal of trouble to get her out, as'she -resisted ane very much'. She struggled with nie, anid then gave a~ cough and bti±i-iedly left A mnan who'was standinjg outsisde'the door sacl' somethinig to hor, hut I dlid n6'lieir -what-it ws. I., immnediately miissed fronm nyfr6ugsirpock~ttwo ol notes, two sover6igns andabout los: in Myuer.' I thieniopened ths. door a-nd calle& "Iolice P':`up,on -which, a poli'cemnn ca.me up, and I-told him -what had o6ccurd *Croit.exaihined by Mlr. Lowis.-~I 4A§'i thilleprisoner's -compan4 shout a mnhute. ~When:I first,satv her esterdav I said Icoula.vot swear to her.,blt the ,nionient I spoke to her Iwaseertai -he.u the wioma'iit h'or6bbed'mn v I nset her astsigt i Lederthall-street, ~and; after-a4h ing her for. her addess~jpopbse-to go borme with ser. -I did this for' the~ur1ins ofascrtanin~thtI as speak-ing to the r1ght': perso; lamposiive seis he wontu horobbed me,.-' 'Withot, sai,-Tbe ote prduced y- thefirt0Nwiatness:t ha%4 mny ~*nthe,sas ofBaa.Ip.dthe note'into my - re.xaie.ZIddnt eexe n hrntanb -~~~~~~~~y 'the'! ' nE ri na hij' r custody, the prio,u-s e inn ._JYXince, constbe o.2, --ot a-ptU ;c k on Trsda ; night, the 17th t was Adng at the cdrser of Gracechurchstreet, when-I obserd a ml loiterig ao. tah ntied the prisoer hrriedly pas 'froe he door of No. 19, Gracechurch-stret (the residenoe di the prosecutor),, ad' run very fast down lomb&rd-strcet. 'I hadseen- the brisoner seieral times ireiouly, and swear _he is the peson *ho caoelfrom tile door of the house. about two minLtes after sbe pased mo the prosecutor came I eout an,d saih,hc had been robbe& byber. have been lookI'iDg for her day and r dght ever sinceg ' .hfr.tewis deied that hiliento hd obbed th e must have been by soicehody else. I - The pri30ncer wAis remanded.: .wo5a, wo asbroughtu astv We=-nssdy, charged with, Blac>iefasabr,adge, and.whdo qwbas reemnunded fora week Mhat .asle mught give- the name 'of aotpse friend who wrould take charge of her, was again' plced at the atr, a.nd still refused to give any acount of herself or her fdiends. fS I. W. CARD T n do yon stil per-: slti eusngtsn toyonr frifNen-da?. . .rs. Thompson.-.I do, Sir. r would not have myfriends Znow that I had been ient-to . evgate for anT considera tion., My husband would be sure to know it, wand I could SIr t.B W. CARDEisr-Bt. your couduct has aeadybeen! eposed.. It has been ineall tepaers. Weareonl acting m ihe udndeasSto yau, for iou are evideunty not fit to be, Itrusted at largje. Mrs.Thopso.~Ihaebeen vercry kindy treated in - Nevgate, hut . had nIo right tobe sent thire. li huseband. is iu Glsgow, and I woul4 not have hi know it,'as he 1S as very jealous man SirX. NY. CA e.-But ih must already be az4uainted with it, for it has appared in all the Glasgow papers, and Isave received a letter fomr gentleman about you in con- mr. Thompson. (anx;ionsly).-Is it from Mr. ayne, Sir i Sir R. W. COARDi.-There now is a ,riend-why net -give his address',' Xmv hs aomrpso-o, Sir; I will not gives you any furl ther informatson; you may do with ine what you like. Sir IP W. CARDEN.-Well, I shall not let you go at large until I have some of your friends hero wIse wiO take charge of you. I shal send you back to aNewgatu for a week, but if you alter your determination before that time you can be liberated. This letter is not from Mr. Mayne, bat I have no doubt we shall find out who you are. The prisoner was then remanded. Bow-Sm=r.-William Maiden, a well-dressed man of about 35 years of age, the proprietor of a photographic estabsshment in Oxford-street, Was brought up on remand, charged with indecently assaulting a young man named Challenger on Friday night last. Chalenger stated that the prisoner entered into conversation with him in Bloomsbury-street, and walked with hima to Bddford-square, where the offence was committed. He would have run away, but that the prisoner held him fiauly by the wrist- and he would bave made more resistance than he did, but that he was afraid. As soon as he saw a policeman he gave the prisoner in charge. This statement was corroborated by another young man (WiUiam Fisher). who stated that he was watching the prisoner the whole time-in fact, before he met the complainant. He watched the prisoner, because the latter had assaulted him in precisely the same way about nine months previously, and also because several of his acquaintances had pointed the prisoner out to him as having treated them in a simwilar manner. Several other persons now attended to prefer charges of the same nature, but it was considered sufficient to enter one of these on the depositions. The prisoner, who denied l the charges, was committed for triat. William Branch, a photographic artist, was charged with assaulting Mr. Osmond, a coffeehousekeeperin the Strand. It appeared that last evening the prisoner and his wife presented themselves at. Mr. Osmond's -door, claimed acquaintance with him, and demanded a private interviewn Not having the slightest knowledge of them he declined, and !Iretired into his shop, closing the door. The prisoner forced his way in, pushing Mr. Osmiond before hiim towards the back o. the shop. He abused Mr. Osmond a good deal, accused hins of poisoning his (prisoner's) sister-in-law, and said something about an illegitimate child. The prisoner said that his wife's sister was for 11 years in Mr. Osmond's service, and died about three years ago. He acknowledged that he had said Mr. Osmond poisoned her, but he did not intend to persevere in that imputation. He alleged, however, that his sister-in-law had had an illegitimate child by complainant, that his mother-in-law now maintained the child, and that he called to ask Mr. Osmond to contribute to its support. Mr. Osmond said, It was utterly false that this wms his child, and in fact he did not know his servant had a child till after her death. She had saved above 400g. in money, besides other property, which was dissipated in less thay two months by her brother-iu-law and other relations. Ho supposed the prisoner was the brother-in-law in question. Mr. Hmmy said, this wasa clear atteiust toextort'money, and, as the prisoner used considerable violence, he could not t less that inflict a penalty-of Sl, dr, in default 'oni Wo2sa}PsTp-giua.-E the earlv :par't of- thi-s snornth lM *Weakley, -s' veryfrespectable' tigdesmanJ of *Whitchapehi L~attended.nt.this counrt. in ,6mpisiy_wltlhb f he sprn tices, to request Mr. `DEyncoi!t's advice is to what coa he ihould pursug to obtain justice for a very extraordinar outrage to which the apprentice alleged himself to have been subjected. The substasice of the boy's statement was, that while out on an errand for his master he was asked by a gentleiian with large btusby whiskers to hold his hors while be made a purchase at a shop; that the gentleman on coming out of the shop promised to give him a shilling for his trouble if he would go witi him to Aldgate to get gold changed for silver, and, on the lad assenting, he took his, into his gig and drove hihm some distance, when he stated himself to be a perfumer, ask'ed the boy if he was fond of scents, and held aPsmall bottle to his nose, on smelling at which the boy became immediately senseless, and did not recover consciousness till he had reached several miles beyond Higbgate or Hampstead, when he found himself being pulled out of the gig by two nien in a lonely lane. The boy then ran avway as fast as he could, pursued by the men, till he took refuge in a ditch, where he remained for; sever4l hours asleep, and, on awaking, was directed by some men at work in an adjoining field the nearestroad home, at which he did not arrive till the same hour on the day followring that on which he had started, apparently terrified and very much exhausted. Mr. Weakley saw no reason at that time to doubt the boy's statensent, and, being advised b the magistrate to put himself into communication with ihe police, he did so, and the result of a very painstaking inquiry by officers of the H division into this very strange tale now appears to be, that it was an eutire fabrication, invented by the boy as an excuse for leaving his master and getting employmkent in the country, b7tt that he repented after travelling nearly to Barnet, and returned with tlis story to a_count for his absence. This is confirmed by the fact that the lad could not point out tho shop at whit:h the gentleman stopped and took him into his gig, and numerous medical gentlemen, whlo have been consulted by the police, all agree in the inpussibility of a. youth beinlg so made insensible for smcn a numoer of hours without a fatal result, independently of no policeman or tollgate-keeper on thle whole distance travelled having seen on that day any vehicle with corr-e sponding cecupants, Tw-4'.s.-John Brown, a shipwright on strike, who wa3 formerly i the employment of Young, Son, and Magnay, spipbuilders, of Limehonse Dock, was charged with assaulting James NichoLson, a Southampton shipwright, who, sice the strike at essrs. Young and Co.'s yard, has entered into a contract with thenm to work for 12 months certain at Gs. a-day, or on job work at much larger wages. Mr. Geora-eWells, solicitor conducted the prosecution: rInd Mr. F'elham and Mr. Ca.Lrles Young, solicito;, instructed by the Sbipwrights' Uniion, appeared for the defendant. Mr. Wells opened the case by stating that this proceediug arose out of the unhappy disputes between Messrs, Young, Son, and Lagnay and their workmen.: The men' on sixilte had a perfect right to refuse the pr6secutors' terims. but tfhy hanbuiess to intimidate others 'who accepted the new rules and regulations of- Ydniig, So, and Magnay, mor interfere with-thu freedom of labour. a w James Nicholson, whose right h3nd vasbotnd isp d who has received severe contusiosis aboutthe head, face, aud bcdy, stated that when he was iu Southamnton, and before he entered 3Messrs. Young, Son. aud Magnay's service, he heard that the mensin their employment, calling themselves Union men, bad struck, and would niot comply withtfne reulations respecting the ho,urs of labour, which it wvas uot Iptended toinrease. About five weeks ago, when he first entered Messrs. Young and Co.'s service, he found a crov4d albout their,premnises and much excitel,,ent prevailing. The crowd consistedprincipallyof shipwrihhtsand weressembl4d. In consequence of disputes between Aessrs. Young and their worineen. On Saturday Last he was trying to pasS througlt a crowd of. 200 persons or inbre who wyere in the street close to jdessrs.Young'syard. Hewasireturningfromhi- dinner-ad ODg to his work at thehtime I whhen thell- acrowdPssed 4ud looked round. Trh°edehfehndad°ntBro(en asi tfhilen d beor bun a n d intercepted his progress. Htried to gcon into Messrs. Young' shipyard, nd ieeived secod bofrmsomeo one. etundrund agi,ad the defendant then s1raik him three heavy blows on the head. He was hustled amid' struck by others. The crowd hooted and called out, " Lt bim have it; give it to him ; serve him out." He hcaAe almost exhausted, and fell from thb weight of the blows and his hand fell under him, and was injured and sirains. Some eliceinen and others pick-edt him nap, and.Broqn struck h again, but he did not fall because ia policeman supportedhim. He was procebding to the gates when the defendant struck himn again, and he could niot reach Messrs. Young's yard, but was obliged to go home. - He bad been under medical treatment, and un'abln.to work since he receivedthe injUrieS. His hand was sti very bad. Tthewitness was cross-examined,' but he persisted in his John :Eiliott, -a sbipwright .and one of the newhands from n Southampton employed by Youtg, SOD, and M Iagnay, gave smilar tvidence. He lived 'with the 'lst witoas, and wvad witlrnti!-wben the outrage was comuift'ed. The moib, con- ssteg prically odfn hi hprihhts on strike, -beat t'heiem -e defnant hb iciol6n iince, and atop-himi from going into' the yard. Th'ere was some hard swearMn-' - ?nd sheard"ainan say, "'Beat thcm, serve'them,o'ut.-" ' Mr. Charles Yong said: he was instructed thai'' Sid ley Young, one of the prosebatorsi and Mr Johdsoma,-Wesr forein-m., eoud prove thaet time 'prisoner .wtabdansnreag i themn, and had nothimmg>t, do -with striking any blow or takhng ainy at in the disterhai,e.' Ma{. Young, -3iowvel-, I didDot-C& evdene t dispi v thle''caso'f Et'nep tynr, and ultimately. the defence wras reserved. bfl 'the !r 'YArmY'AIy said, he wuld tAlus ths, eportunmt, ofObserviglo'the men assembled in the coQurtand.he - pto they> wouldpay atterition * 't s ht bo ad that-all who were oonoernad urday, And ; aU- were present and helped to xwell that nlmawful amanbly, were equally liable with thow wio struck blows. Every nan was liable to be- posecut o joincd ;tmunnltukous assemblage. - o Bil- ws tcndeied and acoepted, and the pruone ra ]iber&to& - There re several other eases in connexion witxthes..A outrages of the Union men to be beard by the m3agixate Yesterds.y the greatest quietude pr.vaild, ad the - i3br =nds were iotJmblested. S41UWABK.-Ann Hall and Elizra door' two netsv dresmed women, were brought before Mr. COXi3E for- finl examination, charged with uttering forga d U. Bak of England note to Edwrd AllenAthawees, inendapea, 63, 2Biackfriara*roaUL .Tney were fully committed for tril. A young German, with black moustachioes, *ho gave the naLmeof 0harles Thomson, and stated hihself to be a native' of NewrYork, ws 'next finally exal-ninea for litter6in 3 forged 51-note to Jamnes Gill, aistint to Mr. _Matthew; Filimer, pawnbroker, in the OldK Jent-road. I I - V r. Gilistted that the prisoner aime into the ihop on Iriday evening between 6 and 7 o'clock, andasked topurchase a dress-pin. He showed hunm some, and risoner selected one worth 10s., for wbich he ten.dsredS.& note, which witness at onoe iden'tified as a forgery.- ,The prsoner first said that he took it of a publican, and afterwards that he received it in excbange for Qeman gold. Mr. Bumpstead said that he had xmined the note, and it w-a dclumsy forgery. 'WlUiam Wright, 261 I, sid that he toolc the riosoner into eustoy,and found ouly.64d. onLim. .On.theway o the stationhouse he said he .took th note in Liverpool in exchange for German gold. The prisoner as also committe- for tra at the ensung assizee, to be held at Guildford or *:ondxy next
REPrEBSEN-TATSOx OF GLA_MORGA?NSH=.-The Liberals of GlAmorganmshire, having added no fewer than 2,500 voters to the register during the last four years, conceive that they are strong enough to return at least one candidate for the countv, and it has been determined to contest the county .heinever an election shall take pulace. h H. H. Vivian, hLP. for Troro, is to be the candtidate;* ana, as Sir George Tyler is going to retire, xr. N. V. Edtarvs, of Rheola, is to b e brought forwvard on the Conservative side. SII.E EXPORTS FRxOM OflNA-Th rallily iicreasing consumption of China silk in Eu rope must lsaye considerably exceeded the most sanguine expectations, add if, 'as is probable. under the prOSDct of Peace, the consumnption is to be still further extended, is our supply likely to meet the dermnd ! We think this doubtful, even with orir present prospects of a very line crop, and upon which poit, all- we intormed native merchant-s are egreed. Therfiut cro is reported as likely to yield eight lnn-that is, froin eacn catty of sillkworma! eggs the product will be eight caties of cocoons, and which is adusitted to be a full crop ; for the success of the second and third crops there is seldom much apprehension, as the weather is always more favOiU able than for the fiit; we may therefore perhaps not lie considered as over estimating the export of next season tf we put it at 63,000 bales ; and, although this will be beyo d all precedent, we tlinl- the weats of the West will neir Y or quite equal the siipply, even on the above ;estimatr Duing the season now closing ourexport will have.reachod nearly .5,000 bales, and, although niuch of it has cost very high rates, the result wi on the whole be satisfactorv Of; old silk- we believe there never was a smallr stock at Hoo-chaou, and, if the seport of native brokers may be relied upon, the stock - of. .r'~w. Silk is entirey exhausted, though a few hundredlvlb s ef throwns remsaiss. on hand. A We must therxfore 1bok, entirely to the new crop to supply,eur wantsfor the coming. season; anm> the follownng statement of exports from Chifta; for the past five years, against #Iiaid.we place tbo deliveries in England for the same number of- years, will show thxt consu ption is progressing in a greater ratio than supplt.. Our statements of China exports ace made frxdm the Est of July to the 30th of June, while the deliveries in Engladed] are made up from the 1st of Jannary to the 31st of Deoedi- - Uer in each year:-There were exported fron China; * Europe, in 1850-51, 22,100 bales- in 1851-52, 23,000 balesin 1852-53, 25,600; inI3&-54, 62,000bales; andinISR454 ' ol,500 bales; including shipments from Sbangh&i and Cahton to Erance direct, and from Sbanghai-onfl`; sm9l quantity) to India. The deliveRies in Englaud were durisig the year 1851, 21,467 bales; in 1852, 24,456 bales; in 1853 330926; bales; in 1854, oi,427 bales; and in 155, 55.2igi biles. FroumthG 1st of Januaryt;o the lst of Match in 185/7 there were delivered in London alone 9,S14 bales of China silk, or atthe rate of 58,884 bales per annum, excldive ofthe deliveries in France, from the direc Importbations, aDd |.which htterhave ibeein yrioisly estimated at fromi 4,00 to 6,00 bales. This tade is evidently on the increase; if, therefoie,ie take th6enieau of these es'imnated imports to 'risnc, and addthem to the above rate of deliveries a]g' land, w;s have a consulmptioni of China silk in Erope s 3iatedat 6IOQ baes-obr.iodmetbing ln excess of our Pro1 Uballe exportfor the season. With these prospects and hiih quotations from ndon, added to thebigErate ot ex hngern itmherewe are apprehensivethat' our opeuinu ratessmay not prove very eusourgng to earlyshipper4 s Atnust'be borine la ind that even eit ki peaPoeipo6ea a!' horne kighOpries a ch4nonupio i6ncsiedere adonjbt-not, if thehomeinakeb et . F : vealipaints earl7 in the season, ,w tha ~c in 1852 1853 thAres1twllbesatisactory the abae' *'' Woifdd lead shippers to erpect. -foHh CRiac Shi ')
AMIT4RY and , YNAAL.. INTEL1&GENCB. The Fairy, Royal jacht, Captain the non. Josepl4 Den. 6n, embarked the Queen, Prince Albert, and staf at EOsborno yesterday morning at 10.40 for Gosport, where they disembarked (after theo usual salutes and ceremonies) at mIL22, and werereceivedbyVice-AdmiralSirG. F. Seymour, 'XC.C.; Major-General Breton and staff, Rear-Admiral Martin, Captain Superintendent Dacres, Flag-Lieutenants :Malcolm and Brandreth, Mr. Davies, R.N., Mr. Pinhorn B.N., Mr. R. W. Stevens, and a guard of honour of the Royal Marine Light Infantry. The Royal train left the Clarence-yard at LO3 for the camp at Aldcrshott, and will return 'his day. The steaVi-transportAyrshire arrivedatSpithead yesterday morning from-tho East with the following troops :- subaltern, 2 sergeants, 2 corporals, I trumnpeter, and 47 rank and file,- of.the 4th Dragoon Guards; 1 captain, 1 subaltern, 6 rsergeants, 5 corporals, and 109 rank and file, of the 2d Dragoons; 2 subalterns, 2 sergeants, 3 corporals, and 7.5 rank and file, of the 6th Dragoons; 2 captainis, 2 subalterns, 'l staff, 3 corporals, and 75 rank and file, of the 10th Russars; 3Iedical Staffi ; total, 446. The officers are Major Thompson, Captain Loftus, Lieutenant Bird, Cornet IWayne, and Assistant-Sargox-EHooker, of the 10th Hussars-Captain Nugent, of the 2d Dragoons (Scots Grays) ; Lieute'mant Dunbar, ditto; Lieutenants Sleigh and White, 6th Dragoons; and Lieutenant Fisher, of the 4th Dragoons. * Her Mfajesty's steamship Sanspareil, 71, Captain A. C Key, C.B., arrived at Spithead yesterday morning early. from the Crimea bringing 725 rank and file and the following officers of the 72d Highianders:-Lieltenant-ColoneI W. Paike, Majors Thelluson and MrKenzie, Captains Price, Robinson, Alison, Coathupe, and Fielden; Lieutanants Vesey (Adjutant) Stewart, the Ron. H. Ward, Richardson, Brownlow, Basett, Beresford, and Campion ; Surgeon Seaman, Quartermaster Munro, Paymaster Webster, AssistantSurgeon Roberts. The Sanspareil passed the steam-tran3 sport Robert Lowe (engines disabled) with Land Transport on board, on the 23d inst., off Cape Finisterre. The 72d landed yesterday at Portsmouth Dockyard. Her Mfajesty's steam-frigate Sidon, 22, Captain Ingle field, was pa d off at Portsmouth yesterday. Her MLajesty's steam-frigate Leopard, lS, Captain Hayes, left Spithead on Tuesday evening for Plymotah. The Claro transport, No. 121, arrived yesterday morning at Spithead wvith Ordnance stores. Her,Majesty's steam two-decker James Watt, 91, Captain T. V. Anson, left Spithead yesterday morning for Plymoouth, in tow of Her ,Majesty's paddle frigate Valorous, 16, Captain C. H. M. Buckle. The James Watt transport, No. 112, left Spithead yesterday for the Thames, to disembark stores from the East. Her Majesty's ships Queen, 116, Captain Robert F. Stopford, and London, 90, Captain William H. Jervis, were appointed to go from Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze yeslerday (Wednesday). The paddlewheel steam-transport Rhadamanthus, 4, Commander Edmund P. Cole, from Woohwich, arrived at Plymouth on Tnesday, and went into Hamoaze. The steam-transport Istamboul, from Portsmouth, for orders, arrived at Plymouth on Tuesday, and went up Hamoaze. The screw steamvessel Osprey, 4 guns, recently completed and fitted in Woolwich dockyard, having been commissioned by Commander Henry J. Blomfield, left her moorings yesterday for Greenhithe, prior to departure (it is said) for the East India station. The Arthur Gordon transport, No. 238, which arrived at Woolwich on Sunday, has cleared her Ordnance stores and entered the Victoria-docks to discharge Tower stores. The governors of the convict-hulks Warrior and Defence, moored off Woolwich dockyard and Arsenal, received instructions yesterday from Colonel Jebb, Super'intendent of the Board of Directors, to prepare a list of the officers under their respective charge who may be entitled to superannuation claims, as, from the changes which are about to taL-e place, their services will be no longer required. The Warrior and Defence are now to be broken up, and the convicts will be transferred to the newly-erected prison just completed at Chatham. The capabilities of Boydell's traction engine underwvent a second official trial yesterday for the satisfaction of Government, in the presence of some of the members of the select committee of Wcolwich Arsenal; Mr. Mcchi and a number of scientific persons were likewise present. The first day's experimentsconsisted, first, inhaulinga heavygun(the wveight of which, together with the steam apparatus, amounted to 18 tons 10 cwt.) from the Royal Arsenal, through that portion of the town leading to Plumstead-heath, ascending the acelivity of Burrage-hill, and returning by the steep incline to Nightingale-vale; secondly, in in a succession of trials, within the enclosure of the Arsenal grounds, in trailing a heavy gun through some of the soft and marshy spots of the locality. The second day's proofs were somewhat similar to the first, but on a more extended scale, and terminated in testing the superiority of the engine over that of a team of 12 artillery horses in dragging a heavy weight. The Prince, City of Dublin Company's steamer, Captain Dearl commander, arrived at Kingstown on Tuesday from Liverpool, hrving on board 102 privates. 2 sergeants, and 1 commissioned officer, of the 2d Royal North British Dragoons. This detachment came direct from the camp at Aldershott. The head-quarters of the 96thRegiment erbarked on Tuesday at Kingstown, on board the screw steam-transport ship Bahiana, for Gibraltar. This section of the 96th comprised 600 rank and file. The 96th only returned 15 months ago from the East Indies, where it had been stationed in various quarters for 16 years, during which period the corps had a large share of arduous service, and lost nearly half its numher by contagious disease and the vicissitudes of the climate. Another draught of the same regiment, comprising 2.60 privates and 16 women, were to embark at Kingstown yesterday in another transport for Gibraltar. The following appointments were made at the Admiralty yesterday:- Lieutenant Henry Berkeley, to the Princess Royal; Lieu tenant G. J. Dall, to the Cruiser; Lieutenant E. M. Smith, to the Fury; Lieutenant A. A. Hanson, to 'he Inflexible; and Lieutenant Samuel T. Dickens, to the Majestic; Assistant-Surgeon John Little, to the Edinburgh; AssistantSurgeon C. N. Godfrey, to the Tyne; Assistant-Surgeon John Dunwoodie, to the Malacca; Assistant-Surgeon William E. Hambly, to the Waterloo. THE MIlTIA. The Royal Monmouth Militia, under the command of Colonel Vaughan, after having garrisoned Pembroke Dockyard for nearly two years, have at length been replaced by troops of the line. The regiment on leaving was accompanied by crowds to Hobb's Point, whence they were conveyed in the Prospero to the railway, and thence on to Monmouth, at which place they will be disbanded. Orders have been issued for the disembodiment of the following regiments in the north of Ireland, on the dates specified, viz:-Donegal, the 4th of August; Fermanagh, Arrmagh, North Down, South Down, the 18th of August; Cavan, Londonderry, and Sligo, the 25th of August; Louth, Tyrone, Antrim, and Monaghin, the 1st of September.
ENTBTALT\IMNT TO MAJOI-GERAL Wr-DAX. -The congratulatory address of the inhabitants of Leamington to General Windham, on his return froni the Crimea, was presented to that gallant officeron Tuesday, in Jephson-gardens, with much ceremony. The General was escorted from his residence, Myton House, bv a large party of gentlemen, preceded by the bands of the kilitia and the 10th Hussars. The houses were profusely decorated with flags and evergreens, and the streets lined with people, who londly cheered the General as he passed. On arriving at the gardens, in which were assembled a large company, the address was read. General Windbam, in expressing his thanks for it, warmly eulogized the conduct of the army during the war. The General was then conducted into a spacious marquee, where a handsome collation had been prepared. About 600 lalies and gentlemen were present, After the usual loyal toasts, the Chairman, Mr. C. Earle, proposed "The Health of Major-General Windham." Genexal Windham, in returning thanks, alluded in feeling terms to the services of the young officers who had fou_ht withhira in theCrimiea, and whose position had not permitted them to reap the same benefits as he had reaped himself, although they had as arduous duties to perform. There were many regimental officers with whom he was acunainted whose services were quite equal to his own. lnhshe knew from his duty in the trencns before Sebastopol, and from his post as a staff officer. General Windham touched upon the events he had witnessed since the landing in the Crimea in September, 1854. He was present at the Alma and at Balaklava, and at the attack at Inkermana, wheze his lamented General, Cathcart, fell, and where 717 men and officers were killed and wounded out of 2,200. At the Redan he led the Second Division, but the Light Division led tha attack ; a brave man, Colonel Unett, tossed ut with him to determine who should lead, and he (General Windham) lost. He was ha-pyto know that his conduct hadtheir approval. General Wmdham, in condtcsion, again expressed his thanks for the address which had been presented to him, and resumed his. seat amid great applaUse. R(ouAT, CoLLEGE OF SuECEoxS.-The foowing gentlemen, having undergone the neceasary examinations for the diploma, were admitted members of the college at the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the 28th ims.:- 7,esses. George Roberb Adcock, Shepperton, Charles Laurence Edwardes, litsea, Bssex- William Stewart Boyce, Leomidster; Charles Bateman, Leicester; Samuel Elmes Steel, Blaenavon Ironworks, Mfonmor6thshire; Stapber, John Burke, Dublin; Ra'ael Ieandro Qudroz, San JTose,, Cott Bica; Jean Jacqu^e Dawsen, Ecuador; zWilliam Jamse6 P0roctor Belfast; and Patrick Mlooney Keogh,, J)ublin E
* BA,QUB TO THE FOUBr -DR4AOO.N i . - i SBSDb'.: 7 . OnTuesday eveniing a' public dminer was given in the Cntlers' Hall, Sheffieldby the inhabitants, to the officers of the 4th Royal Irish Dragoon Gnards, on the occasion of theliarrival there on -their return from the Crimea. Mir. William Fawcebt, Mayor, presided, and among the guests were Xajor-Generalthe Earl of Cardigan, Lord Wharneliffe. *the Ron. James Stuart Wortley, Cclonel Hodge, C.B., Commander of tho 4th Dragoon Guards, Lieutenant-Colonel Rainier, in comrmand of the 9Sth Infantry Regiment, Lieutenanbt Massey (" Redan Massey"), and tbe followingofficers of the 4th Dragoon Guards :-Captains MI'Creagh, Robertson, and MDoenal; Lieutenants Shawe and Ponsford. There were also present Captain Lowe, Aide-de-Camp toLord Cardigan; Captain Minchin, Barrackmaster; Major Vincent Corbett, Captain Grantham, Lieutenants Reed and Twyford, and Ensign Griffiu (of the 93th Regiment). Lieutenant Massey, who accompanied Lord Cardigan to the banquet, was received wnth the utmost enthusiasm. lIis youthful appearance (he seems not more than 19 years of age) and his requirigthe support of acrutch, in consequence of a wound received ia the attack on the Redan, excited in his behalf the mest lively sympathy. After the accustomed toasts to Her Majesty, Prince Albert, and the Royal family, The MA.&os proposed " The Army and Navy," which toast was enthussastically received. The Earl of CABDIGAN rose amid applause, and said -1 believe it devolves on me, as senior officer here present, to return thanks for the army. Gentlemen, I have no doubt that during the services of ourarmy in the Crimea you have all carefully and attentively watched their proceedings on that service, and no doubt you have done so with much interest. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, I wiU say very little about the army for whom I am returning thanks. I wiU only reinind you-and I think you will aU be aware-of the splendid services of that invincible infantry of ours (" hear," and applause), which carried the heights of Alma, driving out an enormous force of Russians, posted in a strong position-in a time of between two and three hours dispersing and driving that army from its formidable position. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, you are aware with what determination, and with what vigour, and with what gaUantrythst sameinfantry defended tl: heights of Inkermann against a sudden attack. ("E Hear, hear" and loud cheers. ) Gentlemen, upon that occasion, as you Rnow, a small force of our army engaged, vanquishel, and drove out a powerful Russian army, putting, as I had it at the time from the best authority, between 16,000 and 20,000 Russians hors de com&i. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, you know how gallantly, how arduously, and how zealously that infantry served in the trenches during the long siege and previous to the taking of the town of Sebastopol. (Hear, hear.) I will only add, gentlemen, that I am perfectly convinced you are aware of the great services of that branch of our army. And I trust that wherever and whenever Her Majesty's cavalry have been called upon to actthey have done their duty to the best of their ability. (Enthusiastic cheering.) Gentlemen, having noticed two branches of the army, perhaps it would be scarcely right for me to sit down without saying that no gentleman here present can be ignorant of the constant and arduous services of Her Majesty's artillery. ("Hear, hear," and applause.) The M-kyoR.-Gentlemnen, I think it is no ordinary occasion on which we are met together, the occasion oeing to welcome a gallant regiment from the seat of war. (Hear, hear.) I refer to that regiment which we are caUed npon this day to honour-the 4th Dragoon Guards. (Vociferous cheering.) You are aware that they did not arrive at the seat of war until after the Battle of the Alma, and, consequently, could take no part in that engagement. But they were engaged in those nightly troubles which arose out of duty in the trenches, and where, with their horses, they had to endure the severest possible hardships. But it was at the close of the Battle of Ballaklava that this regiment distinguished itself the most. It was in an attack on the right flank of the Russians in connexion with the Enniskillens and the Scots Greys. There were only 700 Dragoons, and they were opposed to about 3,500 Russians. Those Russians were entirely routed. They fled before those 700 Dragoons. ( " Hear, hear," and applause.) Lord Raglan might well say " Well done !" Gentlemen, I therefore ask you to fill your glasses, and let us join most cordially in drinking "The healthof Colonel Hodge and the officers of the Fourth Dragoon Guards." (Three times three and vehement cheers.) Colonel BoDns, on rising to respond, was greeted with marked enthusiasm. The gallant Colonel said,-I do not regard this as a compliment exclusively to myself and to my brother officers. It is a mark of respect to the British army at large. (Cheers.) And, as individuals in that army, we return our sincere thanks. Nothing, I assure you, was more gratifying to us upon our return to our native country than to find that all classes welcomed us at every town we came to. (Cheers.) During that dreadful winter of 1854, when sickness and want of good and proper food (a cry of "Shame !") weakened and impaired nearly every individual there present, whether he was an officer or a private soldier, nothingcheered us more than to readof thesympathythatwas felt for us ii our native land. (Loud and sustained cheering). It chee.ed us in the hour of suffering, and it enabled manya man, I am confident, to bear up against privations under which he would otherwise havesunk. (Applause.) Mr. H. A=rxi then proposed "The Health of the Earl of Cardigan," which was enthusiastically drunk. Lord DIGAN rose, and was received with loud cheer. He said,-Gentlemen, I feel great pleasure on various accounts in being present on this occasion. In the first place, I have the advantage of being present at a very interesting ceremony-that of the reception by the Mayor and corporation and other authorities of this great and wealthy town of this distinguished corps just returned to England. (Hear, hear.) Gentlemen, I have also the honour and advantage of renewing my acquaintance with that corps which I formerly had when I commanded them some years ago. I can say something from iny ov.n personal knowledge of the services of this regiment. Having been present on the 25th of October, 1854, I witnessed the attack of a large force of Russian cavalry on the heavy brigade. I saw, from the heights I occupied as commander of the Light Cavalry Brigade, the Grays and EnniskiUens as it were for a moment surrounded by the Russian cavalry. I believe the 4th Dragoon Guards were at that moment under the guidance and command of Colonel Eodge. (Loud cheers.) A most judicious and e9fective charge was made on the left flank of the Russian cavalry, which, i.n conjunction, in some degree, with a simullaneous movement on the other dlank by the oth Dragoon Guards, led in a great measure to the discomfiture and total rout of the Russians. (Loud cheers.j I may say this, gentlemen, that your guests on the present occasion-your chief guests, the 4th Dragoon Guards-under the gallant command of Colonel Bodge, performed a most mportant duty on that occasion. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, it was after this-later in the daywhen it came to the turn of the light cavalry to attack. Some of the regiments of the heavy brigade were moved forward in the way of a demonstration and as a support. That support was not in any way effective, owing to the intensity of the flank fire of those batteries through which the light cavalry had to pass for the purpose of attacking the battery in front. It therefore happened that this regiment, the 4th Dragoon Guards, and other regiments of the Heavy Brigade were greatly exposed for a very considerable time; they had a great number of men wounded and some killed ; they lost a great number of horses; and they hadmany gaUant officers severely wounded. Among others I would name Colonel York, of the ist Royals, 'who never recovered from the wounds he received on that occasion. I am not going into any details of what was done by the Light Brigade at Balaklava. I will merely say that, receiving an order which was conceived to be a misconceptionl of w hat Lord Raglan intended, the brigade was ordered to attack the battery in front-an exposed battery flanked by a vast number of Russian riflemen; that in performance of this duty, which lasted, from the time of moving of f to returning t,o the same spot, for about 25 minutes, there were upwrards of S00 officers, non-commissioned officers, and men put hors de COnet and 396 horses killed. I will sayno more with regard to the charge, except to express my real, perfect belief that there was not an officer nor a man in that brigade who did not act up to that order which was given, and who did not parform the duty required of him in the most galant way. (Loud cheers.) Mr. WV. F. Dixox proposed "Lieutenant-Colonel Rainier and the 9Stli Regiment." (Applause.) LIeUtenant-Colonel RAmIN-IE, who was received with cheers, said,-Mr. Mayor, nmy lords, and gentlemen, I beg to return you hearty thanks on behalf of the regiment and myself for the very kind way in which we have been mentioned. I can assure you that the kindness and hospitality which we bave met with in Sheffield will never be forgotten by the 98th. (Cheers.) The colours under which we now serve were presented in your town, so that you will always be associated with us and, in addition to this, I believe we shall take away upwards of 150 of your young men. (Loud and protracted cheers.) Mr. J. J. SnTr proposedt the health of Lieutenant Massey." (Drunk with three times three, amid enthusiastic and prolonged cheering.) Lieutenant MASSEY, on rising, was received with enthusiastic cheers and waving of handkerchiefs, supporting himself by the aid of his cratch. He said,-Mr. Mayor, my lords, and gentlemen, I beg toreturn you myhearty thanks for the great honour you have done me in inviting me to this banquet, and for the kind manner in which *Mr. Smith has propused my health, andthe generous and hearty manner inwhich ithasbeenreceived. (Loudapplause.) Idonotknow that I deserve such a compliunent. (Cbeers.) I am su re I simply did my duty, and only what any other officers placed in my position would have done (applause), for we all felt that the honour of Old England was in our keeping (enthusiastic cheers), and that we would have died a thousand deaths to preserve it untarnished. (Great applause.) M S.W. MIT1H, jun., proposed " thelhealth of MissFlorence Nghtingale and the ladies," and the toast was drunk with enthusiasm. Afr.W.OVERssND, in complimentary terms. proposed "the health of the Dike of Cambridge and the Emperor of the French." This toast was drunk with three times three. The LtyosR then proposed the last toast, "the town and trade of Sheffield." after whicri the company separated.
I THE EX-{ING cOF OIDE's LIVE SIoCm.-Perhaps the following abstract of sale of live stock, the property of the King of Oude, will not be altogether uninteresting. This list is, however, independent of cattle sold at the Kotwali and other places, which we sbonld say, at a low computation, realized about 20,000 rupees, irrespective of metals braw, iron, c.n sold at the Sheesli 3Lahul, xeaSizing, as we ae been. infomed, about 50,000>rupees. The annexed abstract sold for as muclh as both these sums put together, or 70,000 upees:-About 2,840 bullocks. 220 horses, ponies, tanguns &c 110 buffaloes and calves, 295 cows and calves. 12cameis, 'giraffes (caineleopard's), 64 dogs, 18 tigers, 3 leopards, 4 lynxes, 3 rhinneeroses; I common leopard (ten:deals), 42 deer, 4 asses, 200 goats and kids, 50 rams, 114 Isheep, 3 elks, 60 hswks (of sorts>,- 1 bear, 1 hyena, 1 wolf, a3ackaaland a porcupine, 10,000 pigeons (with their coo.3 70 guinefovw1s, 920 geese, duc ks, &c., 1,480 small birds, t65 cocks and hens, and 1 ele-phants.- Cacwspo,! Cehfral
TIiE FATAL RA FiVAkY ACIDHNZ AT THE ii -1I d HClH7Z WE,VTOV-STATION. ' ;- . - The adjourned inouest oni tehbodiei of. Godfrey Braim ,and John Coupland was held at the Weslevan School-room, Church Fenton, yesterday, before Mr. ]e.arson, coronr, and jury. Mr. Leeman, Deputy-Chairman. of the IorthEastern Railway Company; Mr. Dodsworth, a di-ector-Mr. Cabrey, engineer; and Captair O'Brien, secretary to the company, were present during the inquiry; and Mr. Richardson, solicitor of York, was in attendanco on behalf of the company * Mr. North, solicitor of Leeds, on behalf of the widow and family of Coupland; and 31r. Bickers, solicitor of Tadcaster, on behalf of the friends of Braim. 'Richard Archer was the first witness examuined, He said he was 15 years of age. He had the care of the gates at the crossing, and had had the care of them for seven months. It was his duty to attend to them from S at night until 6 in, the morning. He had also the charge of the distant signal on the south side of the station. If a train was approac'aing on the down line, and he knew it had to stp, he put the red signal on, which would face to the south. There were only two regular trains which stopped at night. With reference to the excursion train on Friday night, he knew it bad to go - on the Harrowgate branch. All trains going on the Harrowgate branch stopped at the Fenton station. It was about 12 15 a.m. on Saturday when he first knew of the excursion train approaching. The train had got past the signal before he turned the signal on. The driver would not require the signal for his direction, but it would be- a signal for any other train that might follow. He did not know howr many carriages there were in the excursion train, -but it was of middling length. The las carriage cf the exicursion train was about 100 yards nearer the station than he when it stopped. The train was 'hen put back, and he turned some points facimg to the south. He did not go any nearer than thc points. There was only George Spivey in attendance besides himself. Spivey had charge of the signals. The company had a stationmaster, a clerk, and three porters at the stationin the daytime, as wel as a gatenman, and Spivey and himself at night. Spivey went on duty at 8 o'clfok p.m. John Darbyshire, one of the porters, had the cleaning of the lamps. The lamps were regularly lighted about S o'clock. All the distant signals within a few hundred yards of the station had lights to them. A white light was the signal when there was no danver. He could from the gate see the distant signal on the north of the station. He saw the signal with the white light just before 'he excursion train arrived, but he did not notice it after. Spivey lighted and fixed the lamps, but did not cleanthern. Ie had known lamps blown out, or extinguished after they were lighted, and the north distant signal often went out. He bed observed it go out. It went out between 9 and 10 on Sunday night. lie had seen Spivey light it ag ain when it had gone out. It was a mild evening on Saturday, and there was not sufficienlt wind to blewv it out, hut it had often gcone out when there was no wind. He had not seen any of the other lamps go out. The north signal had been in the habit of going out ever since he went to the station. There are three lights at the north signal-a green to the east, white to the south, and red to the west, hut when turned on the red hght would be to the north, the green to the west, and the white to the south. If the red light had been turned to the north it might have been seen at the Ulleskelf station. He saw the excursion train pass over to the west side of the station, but he did not at that time notice whetherthe north signal was turned on. He did not know where Spivey was when the train had passed to the west side. Spivey had no points to turn. The whole of the train passed over to the west side. When the train was shunted the engine was on the south side of the station. He remained at the gate when the train passed on to tlle station. The accident occurred in about ten minutes after the train passed the gates. Hle called backing "shunting." They would have to go considerably forward before pushing back again. He heard the goods train approaching, and at that time the train was across the line. They had put a horsebox into the siding. While they were putting the horsebox into the siding part of the train was across the up line. The up line was never free from the excursion train after the train was shunted. The horsebox was in 'he fore end of the train. The horsebox being at the fore part of the train, it could not be got on to the siding without the train being on the up line. It would have been safer to detach the horsebox and engine, leaving the remainderof the train uponthedowun lineuntil the horsebox had been shunted; they could then have taken the rengine back. The hindmost carriages were upon the up lne when the coUision took place, and it was some of those carriaaes which stood across the main line, and were broken, but he did not know whether there were three or four. He Was about 20 yards distant when the collision took place. When he first saw the goods train it was near Uleskelf, and he then knew it was a train coming on the up line. He did not, because he could not, speak to the engineman of the excursion train as he passed the gate, as he was going so fast. When he saw the goods train coming he thought the signalman had put the danger signal on. He was at the time near his points, and when he saw the goods train he went on to tho up line, whistled, and waved his red light, to let the signalman know a train was coming. He believed the signalman was at the time at his points helping to shunt the box. The accident occurred about three or four minutes after he waved his light to the signalman. There were regular times for the arrival of the goods train, and the train on Friday night was expected about the time it arrived. He did not knowv whether the engine-driver was on his engine at the time of the collision. There was no one near him on foot whenthe coUision took place. Hedidnothear any screamingat the time. He toldthepassengers to get out, as there ws a train going to pitch into them, and some did get out. After the collision he called up a young man named M'Xean, and then lie called up the gatekeeper, and as he was going to call up the stationmaster he met hirn coming. That would be, perhaps, ebout five minutes after the collision. All the servants were called into action as aeonaspossible, but he did not see them find Braim and Coupland. By the Foreman.-The only information he saw about the excursion train was from the bils. In reply to the foreman a bill was produced, from which it appeared that there was no time specified for the arrival of the train at Fenton; but it was announced to leave Market Weighton at 9 30 p.m., and the witness said they expected the arrival of the train about 12. Mr. Bickers desired the coroner to ask if it was usual to have horseboxes to excursion trains. The wvitness said he had seen horseboxes with excursion trains both at the fore and hinder parts. The York goods train did not vary above ten minutes in its arrival at Fenton. He never made any complaint that the north light went out. Captain O'Brien said there were the engine and tender,nine horse-boxes and cattle-trucks taken off together; next came a guard's van, then 14 carriages, then another guard's van. George Naylor said, he was fireman of the engine of the goods train. He had been fireman about 20 months. They left York about a-quarter or 20 minutes past 12 o'clock on Friday night Their fixed time was 12 40. He went with the train every alternate week. On Friday night they would be about 25 minutes in going from York to Fenton. The distance was about ten aies. He knew the north signal. He did not on Friday night see that signal after leaving UUeskelf. That signal ought to have been on if there was any obstruction, or if they had to stop at Fenton. He was busyfiring until they got past the signal. He did not notice the signal, but he was sure it wos net turned on. He didnotremember ever noticing the light at the north signal being out before. Their engine was broken, and he, as well as the engine-driver, was hurt. He was scalded at the back of the neck and on the arm, and was unable to render any assistance inor was the engine-driver. He was taken to the *tation, wnere he remained until about 5 o'clock. He raw the stoker of the passenger train, who said his mate had told the signalman to put on the signal lights. The semaphore in the station exhibited a white light. It ought to have been a red one if the road was obstructed. John Darbyshire said that since an accident to John Towler, one of the servants at the Fenton station, last Saturday morning, he had had to look after the lights. He had two lamps to look after now, the semaphore and the north distant signal. (The witness produced the north distant signal lamp, which he explained, and said that if properly trimmed it would burn for 24 hours.) The lamp he had in his hand was as good a lamp as any of the others. Sometimes the lamps wanted scalding, and he scalded the north lamp on Monday. There were a good niany dregs in it. It would have done with washing out before, but he could not say whether it was so foul that it would not burn before being cleaned. It liad burnt well shice. One night, about six weeks or two months ago, he observed the lamp go out about 12 o'clock, and, having to attend to the signals, he went and relighted it. When it was very windy he had seen the wind blow the semaphore out. He knew Spivey, and for anything he knew tothe contrary, he was a man of sober babits. Mr. Joseph Walkdngton, farmer, Tadeaster, said he went to Market Weighton on Friday. He was a passenger by the excursion train from Mnarket Weighten, having a horse-box in the train in which he travelled. The train arrived about a quarter pat 12. Tho horse-box had to be removed, and meanwhile he left the train. He did not at that time see any railway servants about, nor did he see any lights IU the station. He was just getting out of the horse-box when the accident happened, and he and his broter rn foward He aw oe ofthe deceased laid on hisbrack,but hedid notknSovwr wnhich ofthem is was. He raw the man was dying, and was going to take bim up, when some person raid the engine would bust, and he then left the deceased. He heard the goods train before the accident, and raw the collision. All for a time seemed to be on By a Juror.-Theywere detained at every station, leaving passengers and shunting cattle-boxes. B eForeman.-The train was half an hour after its tim itnIleaving Market Weighton. Charles Janes Wing raid ha had been station-master at Fenton a fortnight. In that capacity he was general super. intendent and director at the station, and it was his duty to see that every servant performed his duty. He pre viously been station-master at Kirksta31, near Leeds. Every nilght e took notice to see whether all the lamps were lIghted. He saw the nortle signal lighted on Friday night, about a quarter past 10. He saw the lignt turned on for the Great Northern express about 10 miuites past 10. He could not say the ight was burning clearly, nor could he say it was burning dimly. There was nothuig in the light to attract his attention. le left the station after the express had passed. It was not his duty to remain at the station util the arrival of the excursion train, though ho knew a horse-box would have to be detached and that passengers would have to get out. He gave no wrticulir directions except to Spivey. He thought Spivey and the gate-boy sufficient to attend to the train. He ask-ed Spivey if he thought he could manage the train, or if there was any occasion for his (the witness's) stopping. Spivey said he could not see any occasion for it. ee told Spivey thore wero eight passengers booked and a horsebox to leave, and that he was to be careful and collect the tickets. He did not mention anything toSpive spcially about the signals, but he told hiua to be carefiu meinigcareful in attending to all his duties, including 'By the Foreman.-I believe Spivey ~*as qualified for his post, and, so far as I have seen, ha discharged his duties. ByMfr. Richardson.-Ihave 1nconneted with h aii0ways ri orl3years. I never sah anynegligence onthepait of any of the svants~ 7ThSeGChurohFet in.station is wel provided with signais, and if they were properly used the sation would be safe. On the deposition of this witness being read over, ite said that lie could not swear that the north distant siggnal was lighted at half-past10 o'clock at night, b-at hewas under-the inapression that it was.9 After some remarks from the Coroner, the railway comnpany tendered CaptauiO'Brien as awitness, and, that gentle. man having been sworn, The Coroner said that the impression of himself and jury was that there was not sufficient aid at the sta'ion on the night in question. Captain- O'Brien replied that there was no passenger duty ordinarily done at Church Fenton at night, tile goods business being confined almostentirely to placing the carriages en the siding. The signalman on ait nights was quite sufficient to attend to the signals, and if the signals were attended to the. statioi was perfectly protected. Whether trains came at their proper time, or whether there were special trains coning unexpectedly, when once the signal. man had turned on his signal he might be used for other services vithout thereby creating any risk of danger. For any of the duties connected with shunting or taLkng off the carnages, persons who accompanied every train, as the evoineman, fireman, and guards, were coinpetent to perform tbe duty; in the case of an excursion train, where passengers had no luggage, and had . only to get out and go away, the guard was sufficient, with the necessary attendants. He thought, however, that the station-master ought to hve attended to his dutyi thugh he (Capta-in O'Brien) could not chearge him with having violated any order in having done so. By speaking, of night duty he meant that nothing was dune after all the ordinary trairishad been despa3tched. By the Foreman.-Ele WaS unable to explain why the train was so much behind its time, hut if it w~as so it was a breach of the r.ales. The guard of the goods train was actingirregularly in starting before his time, but to expect regularity in the arrival and departure of trains was to expect an impossihility. Witness then vwent on to explain the signals, stating that they acted both for the up and the down train, and the man appointed as sienalman was held responsible to protect the trains, whetherthey were regular or not. The evidence having been read over, CGeorge Spivey was asked if he had anything to say, but was cautionedthat what he said might be used in evidence against him. George Spivey then volunteered the following statement: -When I first heard of the excursion trainthere was one of Lord Londesborough's servants in the rsom vaitino for it with a horse and gig. He tied the horse to a telegrapr-post, and I said to him "There is the train coming, and I believe it wil be the excursion train." I went out and stood beside the semaphore lamp-post. He asked if it was the excursion train; and I replied " I can tell you when the train comes inside." When itcame in the enginedriver blew his whistle and called on me to put on the red semaphore signal. When it came in I ran alongside of it up to the points, and as soon as the train got past the points George Jennison said to me "Have you put on the up line signals?" I replied "No." Upon which he said, "Go you away immediately and put them on." I ran by the engine and put the long signal, and then I ran across the road and put the semaphore on; that was, as near as I can say, seven or eight minutes before the accident took place. I then went back to the enginedriver and he told me there was a horse-box to leave, and askednme whereIwould haveit. Isaid, "In theCattleDock." Then he made no answer to me, but aid, " re there two pair of points to go over ?" Isaid "Yes;" and he told me t-o go and take one, and he would take the other. After we got the horse-box turned he asked me if there was any room, as he wanted to leave some carriages. I said, "I am badly situated at present, but I will run down to the siding and see." He said, "Shout, and ask the gateboy if he has the back signal on, or has hold of the points." I shouted, and told the boy to put the back signal on and to hold the point. I raan down to the sidin to see if there was any room for carriages to be left; and I was running back to tell Jennison there was room for 13 or 14 and this accident took place. I was standirg beside Jennison, andMorris cameup, and then Jennison said, "Stephen, what have you been about'," Stephen replied, "The red signal-light is not on," and Jennison said " I sent a man toput it on." I stepped up, and said, " The signal-light is I on; I put it on before you were in sight." I stood a bit to j watch that nobody meddled with my semaphore signal, and then I went to where the accident was. I came back again to get some lamps, and I looked at my distant signal, and found it was out. I immediately took my turpentine battle ! and ran awvay and ht it. That is all I have to say. The Coroner having summed up, the jury retired for an hour and a half, and tben brought a verdict of Manslaughter" against George Spivey. They added to the verdict the following :-- And that the company were highly to blame in despatching the goods train at an earlier hour than was specified in the working time table, and also in not having a inore efficient staff at Fenton station, on the return of the excursion train from Market Weighton." Spivey was then taken into custody, and the coroner proceeded to make out a warrant for his committal to York Castle for trial at the next assizes. Mr. Waterhonse still continues in a precarious state, but the other sufferers are getting better.
COMMITTAL OF A BANK MAKVAGER FOR EMBEZZLEMENT. TEWKESBURY, JULY 30. The magistrates (Mr. Chandler, deputy mayor of the borough, presiding) have been occupied here to-day in a fnal examination and committal of Mr. Cornelius Evans, manager of the Tewkesbury Branch of the Glocestershire Banking Company, on a charge of embezzling moneys of the bank to the amount of 3,2501. The prisoner was apprehended a fortnight ago, and had been out on bail, a prior examination and remand having taken place. Mr. Huddleston appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Skinner (both of the Oxford Circuit) for the prisoner. Since leaving the bank the prisoner has been living at Bredon, three or four miles from Tewkesbury, with his family. The court was crowded to excess during the in. quiry to-day. The facts of the case are these :-The accused was appointed manager of the bank in September, 1849, and so continued in the confidence of his principals up to the beginning of April in the present year, when he resigned in consequence of some differences between him and the general manager of the Glocestershire Bank. He was suc. ceeded by Mr. Appleby, the present manager, who in the beginning of the present month, on striking the quarterly balance to June the 30th, discovered a deficiency of 3,2501. Mir. Evans bad that morning called upon Mr. Appleby and told himn that he would find a deficiency of 1,7501., and offered two checks for 5001. each in discharge of 1,0001. of that amount, which he said had been advanced to Mr. Eumphrey Brown, hI.P. He also told him to debit him with 7501., wvhich he said had been advanced to other persons, viz., 5001. to Mr. H. Alen, and 2501. to Mtr. S. Nird. Bntthere wvas still a sxm of 1,500L deficient, and of tnis deficiency Mr. Evans ref used to give any explanation, although hebadbeen appliedtofor thepurpose. Thedeficiency was not discovered until the making out of the quarterly balances, as it could not be detected antil those balances were examined, which was only done quarterly. The course adopted at the previous balance-striking, in order to cover the deficiencies which would appear otherwise in the bank books, was this :-The deficiency at first was 2,7501., and Evans directed the clerk, in making out the balances, to take that amount "Ifrom such of the customers' accounts as would bear it -," and the clerk had therefore taken out that amount from four or five accounts, stating the balances due to different parties as less by sums of 2501. or 5001. than the real balances. This was done under Evans' direction, Evans telling the clerk that he alone was responsible. He said he did not wish the advances to appear in the books, as he did not want 3Ir. HarUand, the general manager, to know anything about them. Nothing was known by.r. Hartland of these advances when Evans' engagement ceased in April last. The witnesses examined to prove these and collateral facts, were Mr. Hartland, general manager of the Glocestershire Bank; Mr. Appleby, the successor of the accused; Mr. Chadborn, a clerk, and. Mr. S. Baker, chairman of the directors of the bank. Mr. Appleby proved that he found there had been a deftciency at the March balancing of 3,2501., which he only discovered in the beginning of the present month. Mr. Evans told him, on the 2d of Jnuly, that there would be a deficiency of 1,7501., and the witness proved the facts reported above as having occurred in the interviewvbetween him and 13vans. He said he had lent the money secretly, because he did not choose to let Mr. Hsrtland know of the transaction. Nothing appeared in the bank} books of loans to Messrs. Brown, Allen, or Nind. Mfr. Natbaniei Hartland, managing director of the bank, proved that he went through the balanceswith Evans at the quarers ending last Michaelmas, Christmas, and Ladyday, and that they appeared to him to be correct. Evans had no authority to lend money to parties without entering it in the hank-books. HXe had never told bins that 1,000?. had been advanced to Mr. H. Brown, MY. Charles Chadborn, cashier and ledger keeper at the bank, described the manner in which the accounts had been 4 cooked." Under Evans's orders he had, at the balance time at Michaelmas, 1855, carried out the balances due to different customers, as being in some cases 5001., and in others 250?. Iess '.han the actual amount. The witness mentioned the accounts of four customers of the bank whichi bad been so treated, making the four balances in the aggregate 1,7501. less than their actual amount. Mr. Evans's instuctions to him were to take 1,7501. out of such accounts as would bear it, as he said there would be a deficiency to that amount, and witness was not to take the amount from such accounts as were returned in the diary to Mr. Hartland. This witness's evidence went to show that the same system had been adopted in making out the balances in tht two succeeding quarte the last being at Ladyday, soon after which time Evans left the banlk. He also instrucoted him to make a false entry mi the accounts of the quantity of banknotes in hand, falsifying them to the re tent of 5001. He said e bad had the 50OL hihaself. aindet Mpr. S. Bak-er, chairman of the diectors of the bank, proved that, in consequence of the discovery of the defales. tion, he had an interview with the accused on the 4th of July inst., when he admitted that th'ere was a dtfferneo 3,2501. mthe accounts, stating that he bad explained to Appleby 17c$l. of that amount, but that. he wasnot de posed to give any explanation of the remnaining 1,500l. -He complained of Mr. Hartland's conduct towards him The defendant held ten shares in-the bank, and when he ieft in April last a sum of 300. was voted to him by way of con pens.'ion for certain outlay he had been. put too. .The directors azt that timehad nolknowiedge of the deficiency in the accQunts. adrse Mr. Skinner then addreased the Bench,, urgng the absence of all felonious intention on the pert of accused. The prisoner, being called upon, said heesho defence for the present. - . . dreserve Hlewas then committed fo)r trial athe paxt Glocest.e,Airc, Assizes. Bail was 6ffei6d.,
;z- -Lfff~SSURMJCE. - - - Yesterday a General Coutrtof the London life Association -was held, Mr.'C.anEriks in the chair, when there was a numerous ittendanceof mnemberf to take part in the pro. ceedings. - The -principal question brought forward, was in relation to the proposed division of 230,000., ypart of -the capital of the society, and-as the discussion onthis topic it was thought would occupy the chief .attention, it was ngreed to give it consideration be£ore-the ordinary business.. Wi_th the view of reLtdering the question inteUlig2hleit may be stated that at a special General Court on-the 27th of February last, the followving resolution was passed by a majority, although strongly opposed by the directors. " That the clausee 92, 9, and 94 of the deed of settlement, and a3so the order of the General Court passed on the 3d of April, 1S44, su'bstituting new and amended clauses in lieu thereof, be varied to the following effect--vi., that the sUMWof 230,0001. be dividhd among the several assurers who were members of the society on the Slt day of December last, in proportion to the amoumt of premiums paid by them respectively, and be paid to them at their option, e.ther by way of bonus in addition to their policies, or in reduction of their premiums, or in cash." Yeste-rday the directors presented the annexed report, end it vas upon the question of the iUegality of the proposed arrangement that the debate a-ose. " Although the Court of Directors were unanimously of opinion that the resolution was illegal yet they deemed it their duty, indeferenceto the large numberof memberswho had voted for it, to talke the opinion of three eminent counsel on the subject. The whole facts of the case were laid before the Solicitor-General, Mr. Roundell Palmer, and Mr. Diclinson. By the deed of settlement; the Solicitor-General for the time being is specially named as one of the, counsel who are to decide disputes respecting the deed itself, o- matterrelating totheinanagementorconcerns of the society. The opinion of these counsel 'was received es-ly in April last, and the whole case and opinion were printed and forwarded at the time to every member of the association. That opinion, which is short, emphatic, and without reservation, hesitation, or doubt of any kind, is, that the resolution of the 27th of February last is not within the powers conferred on the General Court by the deed of settlement. Late on Friday last the directorsi received a case in manuscript, and an opinion thereon, by Sir Fitzroy Kelly, Mr. Rolt, and Mr. Waley, differing from the opinion given by the counsel who had been consulted by the directors. Assuming that this second opinion bad been as confidently expressea as the fist, it seems to th-i Court of Directors that the General Court sbould not besitate as to the course which they ought to adopt. Three eminent counsel declaiing the proposed resolution illegal, and the samne number of eminent counsel expressing a contrary opinion, itwould follow that, at aU events, the legality of the proposed law is doubtful, and therefore it would be the hsnght of imprudence for the General Court (legislating for thoutsands of unreresented members, any one of whom may dispute the point in the Court of Chancery) to att,empt to carry out the resolution. The Court of Directors and the solAicitors of the association are still clearly of opinion that the resolution is illegal. The directors also are unanimously of opinion that, were the resolution legal, and were it to be carried out, it would completely paralyze the oerations of the society, shake the confidence of the public in its good faith and stability, and thus greatly diminish, if not entirely destroy, its large and increasing business. The directors have received numerous letters from members of the society protesting against the resolutior. as illegal, asid also several notices, that if the directors attempt to carry it out, bills in equity will be fiSed to restrain them from so doing. In making this report the directors have assumed that the statements in the case submitted to Sir F. Kelly, Mr. Btolt, and Mr. Waley are correct; but the directors are prepared, should it become necessary, to point out to the snensbers, that the whole of the case is based on a misunderstanding of the history and roleS of the society. The direotors, therefore, urgentlycallon the members of the society to support them in opposmg a resolution which the Court uanimous3y believe will greatly injure, if not ruin the society." The question of order having been settled. after some delay, M. CoRxmE rose and moved that the resolution for the division should not be confirmed. He said, the questidn raised was one of great importance, not only to the members who were present, but to all who were interested in the affairs of the society, and he hoped deep consideration would be given to a proposal involving such 3nomentous consequences. If the suggestion were agreed to, it would create a want of confidence among aU classes of policyholders, and, instead' of increasing their business, it would tend, he feared, in a contrary direction. (" Hear, hear," and cries of " No !") He was satisfied it would not creato a beneficial influence, and, instead of the public having fuU reliance in the company, it might produce apprehension. The facts of the case as presented to counsel, although they might have been placed in a different form, were in reality the same, and the directors in pursuing the course they had adopted only wished to follow the dicta es of prudence. ("No, no I" "Hear, hear.") The result, if they persisted, would be, that the appropr.ation of 2S0,0001. would comoel the directors to reduce the abatement on premium from 70 to 60 per cent., end thus interfere with the future prospects of the society. The consequences in other respects would be damaging, and. besides paralyzing business, en appeal to Chancery, it was st'ated, would be mad3e, which might produce protracted litigation. (Cries of "No, no !") If the clauses of the deed end the order of the Court of &1S4 could be interfered wiith in this manner, wthat was to prevent parties dividing the whole of the accumnlated profits 9 A motion of that sort might be carried on a subsequent occasion if the present arrangement were acceded to. As it was a very hazardous proceeding he trusted the resolution would not be confirmed. (Dissent, mingled with cheers.) Ir. COSRTETER seconded the non-confirmation of the resolution. Having been insared20 years, and having, since be became a director, regarded himself as a trurtee for very importaint interests, hecould not but view the proposal as one prejudicial to the society. It was understood that aUl parties insuring, after paying seven annual premiums, were admitted to the position of full partners; but since this arrangement wonld create difficulties, and probably lead to Chancery proceedings, he was bound in justice to hiruseIf and the general interests of the society to oppose it. ("I Hear, hear," and "No, no !") M%r. BRxEPv moved an amendment, that the resolution of the 271th of Febrnary last be confirmied. He called upon the meeting to disregard the threats with respect to C'naneery, or the apprehension attempted to be created as to theprejudicialinfluence of the division ofthis moneyupon the business of the society. (Hear, hear.) The amount proposed to be dealt with would not interfere with the prosperity of the institution, and the question of legal proceedings was notlikely to be raised. The opirion of counsel in their favour showed that the proceedings of the directors had not been altogether regular, and that the members could call upon them to carry out this division. (" Hear," and cheers.) Whatthey asked the Cour to do was this-and on equitable grounds they were bound to comply with the request-having for years charged premiums m excess of the amount that was necessary, finding at the end of a period a large surplus, to return it in the same proportion to those who had furnishedit. (Applause.1 The directors themselves admitted the surplus, buttheyproposedanotherplan - vwhich they wouldarrangethe business, which was in consexionwith an abatement of premium. (Hear.) But what would the result of this be?? Why, that those members who were admitted after the date named, if they bad only just entered, would particiate i the beneits derived from the accumulated fund. (Hlear, hear. ) In fact, it would be giving least to those w ho ought to take most, and giving niost to those w ho oug,ht to take least. (Cheers. ) With regard to the alleged oreach of contract which it was said would take place, there -as nothing inthe announcements whichhadissuedfrom the society to justify the assertion. No pledge was held out to persons insuring ex,cept that they should participate in the Teduction of premium which their seven years' payments would produce. He was sorry that the directors, after ascertaining the strong feeling of the members, should have opposed the resolution, aud he might almost say pertinaciously resised the wishes of a large majoritv. (Hear, hear.) As, however, the members had the power to make the division, he hoped they would assert their right, and there was no fear of the question being cerried out of that court to any legal tribunaL (Cheers.) Mr. COEEIE having seconded the anmendment, A lengthened discussion ensued, Mr. Romsmis, Professor E-. and others supporting the views of Mr. Baxter and his friends; and Mr. Young and another proprietor advocating the policy of the directors. Miuch confusion, however, prevailed, and there were constant cries of " Qaeshon !" end "Divide !" A PRoPrE1ErT-I suppose, if the amendment be carried, the directors will, after such an expression of opinion, deal with the resolution as desired. A VOTeE.-They must. (Hear, hear.) The CHAU=rAs said, the directors considered the resolution was so opposed to the interests of the society that the question could not be decided by ashow of hands. It would, no doubt, be taken to the baUot. Another PRopliEroR asked if, afer the distribution of this 2O,OOOl., any further surplus remained as a reserve ? The CHinur=A said, he could only use the word supposed surplns-for that wvaswha t it in realitywvaaa surplus oii:ng from supposed duration of life. He could nt therefore, answer the question except b-; stating that any suech urrpXlus depended upon the fulture payment of the Sexeral Proprietors here tried to address the Courk but were prevented by repeatederies of " Divide,-divide 1" The CIL425.-If you are quite resolved not to listen to further addresses it will be best to divide. The amendment was then put in the following form "That the resolution of the 27th of February last be con- The division then took place, and the numbers were, after some confusion, declared to be :-for the am dment, 134 ; and against it, 3l1; showing a maiority of 2L A result that was hailed with cheers. A requisition for a ballot was then handed in, which was Lhed by the Chairman to take place on the 13th of August. The ordinary business was then gone into, and, on the proposed re-election of three directors, Mx. Baxter and his party sought to obtain a pledge from them that they would carry out the resolution, if it were confirmned by the ballot. Two of the gentlemen refused, statingthat they should wish to exercise an independent judgment, and the discussion which followed was again of 2i storimy character. Evern tually, the Chairman mntimated that, as far as he was concerned, he should feel inclined togive effect to the resolution, if the ballot were decided in its favour, and he had no doubt the dire^tors would do likewise. "he three retiring directors, -Mr. ML Clark-, Mr. G. odagkinson, and Mr. W. Francis were then re-elected, and afteriurtual explanations the proceedings were adjourned.. DRAflcAGE OF: THE SOU~ OF 010.ND`X.-A-:&t meetin, ,f the Mctroolitan"Board of Works, held Testerday at Guildhal; it was xesolved, oi the motion of MEr. ?. Doeulton, bya najority Of 1S to12, "Tatthe engiieer bi diietedtto prmuarea alan, sebtion, and estiatefor extend- 'in'LoiiRI1ach belowlEriwth Q.niid so tato bedis& ^M;i after high wateer only." - i .. , . . S ~~~~~~~-.. .,x:.- - x:.
,-I - ? - - - TO TII REDITORiOP-THTE TIM-- - Sir;,-As n1o one elie hm' coroe foriar4 too i coili. MaodonaldStiSphensorts leter o,n lworlts in:iuai which appeared in your iimiresion of .ise 24th ia, I,venture to take upon mxyself to4do, forI a fldtI ihe -views which it enmnciateks s< whldch he r n should be adopted, would 'bermool prejudicial, amd more than any other course to delay ihe execution ndc 6oia4 pletion of operations adnitted by al :to be of jitjl and imoortance. - - Mr. Macdonald Stephenson considers,- rst;Athatd,-"t Government have gone as faz as they shoul do it gmng guarantees of interet to IndianailwvAys, and that the line-. already sanctionedare the only ones that should havie. tbat benefit and privilege; secondly, that comspeting lines B souldi he carefully avoided; and, thirdly, that after the trunic lines now sanctioned are finish3d branches may be per nitted to be constructed by private enterprIse, asfitey. MaY be most required. It is not necessary now to enter on the questicn as - whether guarantees of intere*tought originally to -iuve beem accorded to Indian railways or not; suffice it to say tuba. the principle has been adopted, and that refusing to continue it is virtually to give a monopoly of India, as regardsrailways, to five great companies, who naturally look on all proposednew lines, even if going in dismetricsly contrary directions to their own, as competing ones, a:nl whc woud use all their power and infuence to oppose fhemanad to keepi in their own hands the construction of all branch lines, No one can feel more strongly thans myself the delay anx. inconvenience incurred by the interference of Gover nentin every detail, especially in India, where constant ieferences and multiplied correspondence are standing subjects> of complaint; but such is the necessary consequerce of a. guarantee; and it is with the full knowledge of all that it entails that it is asked for and required. M. Macdonalc Stephenson is well aware of the dificulty, if not impoesihility, of carrying on such operations as public usorks im. India without the assistance and direct support of Governn'ent; and, his owe on eriente must havp proved to himr. how cften work' is impeded and for athie put a stop to bythe opposition and meddling' of subordinate .offlci-is and, those in atithorityin the districts end provinces, even> backed as he has been by nIl the weight and power of Go. vernment, wielded in the energetic handso thelateG- vernor-General. I have no hesitation in s3yin thanarailway companystarting without a guarautseewould, notwithstanding any statement or declaration to the contrary, be considered asnot countenanced or supported by Government, and that it. world encounter endless difficulties end obstacles, F.o that& the enterprise would very speedily bo brought to a stop, iE not ruined, by the acts of the persons who are JIow intrusted with virtually uncontrolled power and authority_ throughout the interior of tho country. 2Nlo doubt, any injurious proceedings of such a. description would be corrected in time and in due and regular course - but what consolation would that be to the compan y when they had lost the season for completing earthwolks aud maklcingbricka, &c. ? In short, until thlere is more!security for property,-until thereis a betteradministrationcf policet and of justice and improved means of communication,nothing but the positive and direct aCtion of Government authority will enable public works to be carried on in India. To adopt Mr. Stephenson's ideas would be to put a step to, all other railways in Bengal and the north-west rrovinces until the line was completed to Delhi, which wll no t be thLe case until after 1S60. It would insure the contina3nce oE the expensive modes of construction followed by the Eat. India Railway Company, in whose hEnds a minerga singla line of rail (that to Raneegunge) has cost lpwatds of 10,0 per mile, with the laud given in, and it would preirent his greattrnnk line from deriving the benefit which mques. tionsably would arise from branch and other laes being simultaneously made, all of which would-increase th a traffic, and success of his rail, and promote the prosperity, rot onlyof his project, but of the whole countly. I submit, therefore, that to cry out the great ouject oE establishing railway communication throughout Idia. th¢ system of guarantee must for the present be continled to well-considered and approved lines. That systern is universally adopted on the continent, where civilization is more advanced and property more secure than it cal yet bs said to be in India, and to refuse itwill be to sendl nglisha capital to foreign States instead of to ludia. Further, that it will be advisable to intrust the coastruc. tion of such lines to companies other than those ncw constituted, in the expectation that their competition xnay in. troduce improvements, in reduchon of cast and in plactice, so that, instead of slavishly following English custoln and, routine, as has been too much the caso hitherto, wre may. hope to see railways adapted to the counttry, its ploduce, rnd its people. For these heavy rails, expensive engimes, and great sped are not required, but certainty and moderate chrrge oE transport, suited to the agricultural prodace, the simple wants, and small means of the people. A cheaply-oonstructed line having these objects in view would, I firmlybelieve, have a success hitherto unparalleled in railways, and the example if now set may save India from the burden of lines constructed at high cost, which weighs so heaviy on the trat-nc and on the shareholders ofirailways in England. I believe that the common and esarest object of lr. Mae donald Stephenson and myself is to promote the progress oE public workrs in, and the prosperity of, India, anci I a,. knowledge that much that has been done is owing to him, and that great nraise is due to him ior the energy and per. severance with which he has followed out his object; bhtl his judgment must be warped, or strangely uat fault oIL somO points, or he would not bring forward, as he does, tle bug. bear of Government interference being necessary in regu. lating the progress of rail-ays in India, with reference tG the power of providing materials and freight. Ile may rely on it that English ironmasters will not raise their prices much in consequence of any demand for thE lines that may be made in India for the next dozen years; and the same powver of providing shipping and inducement that has taken upwards of 100,000 tons of vessels cvery yeaempty to the port of Akyab, in the bay of Bengal, woull speedily arrange to carry out all the materials that utay ba wanted, witbout its being necessary for Go. jrnmeni to take precautions to regulate the freight or the auautity required to be sentin each year. This is not the time or the occasion to discuss the ques. tion of the form of the government to which it has pleased Parliament to intrast the management of our indiani em. pire; but it is certain that an active anl energetic railway executive here wiiU not find more difficalby in getting well. devised and matured plans passed and sanctioned by the Board of Control and the East India-house than would ba the case with any other Government office; and in th pro. sent President of the Board of Control and Chairnan of tbor Court of Directors wo have the assurance that everythig practicable will be done to facilitate all movements coil. nec-ted with public works, and to improve the internal ad¶ ministr-tion of India. IM,TT.TAAr T'P WPR.Pl-TTIqr4V. 20, L-ghai-plae, July So.
THE JOINT-STOCK COMPANIES ACT. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TFES. Sir,-The observations in your CityArtiele of to-day or the operation of the Joint-Stock- Companies Act, 185fi re. pealing the act 7th and Sth Victoria, c. 110, and thus de. privng insurance companies of the benefit of the Lstter act, axe, I submit, open to considerable donbt. The seeond clause of the Joint-Stock Act expressly excepts from its operations "4 persons assosinted together for, the purpose of b"rddng or insurance." T.1 he 107th cla-,se oE the same act repeals 7th c.nd 5th ctoria in general ter.ms, and wvithout any reservation- but, inasmuch as by the~ second clause the aet iS not to apply to banking or insurance, Iceontend tbsstathe act of 7th andS5th V;ctoria as to these latter companies is still in operation, and that the repealngclause raustbe held not to apply to banldng and insuranc& companies. This, I think. must also be the view of the frainexs of the act, because the first bill as introduced into Parliament excepted banking and insurance companies in the repeal clause- the amended bill omitted the exeaption, and, thLnk.- ing it Lad been accidentally omitted, I Tesote to the Sovernment, drawing their attention to the omission. ence I think it fair to conclude that the Legislatuxe e. are satilae4 that the repetition of the exception would be sirplmsg4 and that the second section excluded from the repeal eection banking and insumanee companies. I am. Sir. vonrs most olPdientli. r.PArKn; 29, Axgyll-street, Regent-str-t, July* °
SALES BY AUCTION. To lmnomongers. Builders, Smiths, and othersa-Postpone nent of S31e TZ R. BILLINGAY respectfuly informs the above T I that his SALE of IRON31ONGERY, advertised to take place this day, Is unavoidably POSTPOXED until Thursday. August 7. By SOUTIHGATE and BARRETT. at their Rooms. 22. Fleet-street, THIS EVENING. and To-morrow EveniDg, at 6, E]NGRAVINGS, Water-Colour Drawings, and Oil Paintings, including the Corlection of tho late J. C. Alen, the en.,ment engraver. May be viewed, and catalogues had. ,arge Walnut-tree Chest, inlaid Marqueterie, and Mliscellaneo-u Property. M,VR. E. THOMIAS will SELL by AUCTION, at JY his Rooms. 35, Leicester-square, TaIS EV\NING, July 31, at 6 o'clock, 001;8, prints, ancient sod nmodern paintings, ear- A and g,It frames, wearnog apparel jewellery, quantity of painters' asles, glazedsashes, &c. On view, and catalogues had at the rooms. Westminster Auction Rooms, Vincent-square, NVestminster. TliBre- kers, Picture Dealers, and others MEESSRS. SCHOFIELD and EVANS will SELL 7rlat their spacious Room as above, THIS DAY, July 31 atf precisely, 300 LOTS of IIOUSEEhOLD FURIITSUEE. fixtures, and numeroes eFet, uander several executions for rent. May be viewed nardcataloeues had. Furniture, choice Cot7age Piano, Pate Brandy, two -light telescope gas chandehlersa fire-proof safes, J st 7R. HENtY FOSTER will SELL by AUCTION, L at his reat Room, 412 , O, 0ord-street, near gt ho-squ-are, THIS DaY a Thusdry), July 31, at 12, a qO ntity of KSeful eiahtoany Sesewrifof walnut-tree, and japasued Pa ttlIdttRE, wi elegant -walnt-tree cottage pianoforte, glass 60 byA43. six caes choice pale 3French brandy.o, a sensington.gTo Clockdmakersa Jewellers, &c. R H. STANTON will SELL by AUCTIONT, on M 3 the Premises, 28, High-street. Koensngton, To-morA v , August 1, at 12 for 1, BROiZED and On -laOpe ly CLGoCKS, eight day ond Americha ditto, a cnpial regul3tor. jeweLlery, co. Maes ho viewed morning of sale, and catalon ea had of a r. L. Ipevs, olicer to the Eheriff of middlesex, ?1 &anccey.lane; and at he actioneer -st t ' ofliPces, 4, Aendele-steeot, litentoovdle. ESSRS. ]BRADSDEnd, WIBTERFLOOD, and beMtefolvlg tog a OLDno Sha ,tIs lraortn, viREEHOLD Br wCOJERf £nthe city of London was Nf OT SOLD at the autn and that hey are now prepared to treat for the same either for sale or letting hy privte cntrat. My b vieed, nd prticlar CTobtie arthe jirs- roies; of Mfessrs. Rob7Cinson anedL Sons. saEotlcitors, 17,aiOrcad-s]thpreet ortmahst-eqare; and of me essrs. uldsder, Winterdlooe and Elola 1,. Ofld Broad-street, City. 27, WeLungtou-square. KSing's-rod,s^f Ctholsea,-Household Fornitnlee lieB. BRAY, Jun., will SELL,, on the Premise, as tb Pre TEis DA Y, July 31st, at 15, modern HOUSEhROLD pebroke, bco,addminin ta3bles, hinmDza agnd glas.carpete, rugs, fenders nod ilro-irons, mahogany and japanned bedsteads, bedsianr bedding. chests of draw4rs, wanhstands, anr the usual assemblage of household effects. h tay be viewe d .and catalogues had on thbe premises; and o: the auctioneer, 1f, King's-road, Bedford-row. TA Statienmers, Printers, and others.-359 reams of Feat Fooli, Letter and Note Paper, Useful Sestionery, 600 volumes of BookY, sis Copying Freses. Lithographic and Copper-rJatePrgessu, stones, f c. ESRSPAGE wTI SELL by AUCTIONL, at the s. th 2om,44, Idorgao-tret To-mSrrow, Augusth 31, atl ToRTIO. r of thef STOCKaof an en portms Stqajti oner, osokseller, ans Printer, comprisig copying hooks and prestesr hank-post, large post, poeti foolscap. 4te. and notopapers, copybooks. 2,000 gross steel pns.6 rnightI England, irror. 30 vetok '!00 copies Be' q ew pm ndond Gu_ide, an fuoulr Languaes; two lithographic presses, stones, two copper plaete presses, a double crown Stanhope, &. To be viewved. Catalogues t the rooms, and at the auctioneer otices, 8, Coleman-atreet. TE,,llgoo and Cl erkenwelL,-To Smll CapitaLists and Eblding Societies. Mi ESSRS. BRlO iS and BEAL are instructed to wSEILI by AUCTIEON, at Carrassay's, on Thes-6day, Augusit 7, -ess 12,the folloeting long ILEASEHOL,DS, In lots, yr2i :-f, Branawicin parade, Rrosbody, ilthnston; also, iitvelydestreble Horue and dPre-mires, with workshops at the rear, suttato No. 6, Corporatoon-Ians tlerke4weL'; and a very desirable corner Shop and Premises, with -tach-house.andstabing at the rearsituate,o.7eCorpeoratIon-row, Cltertcenweli; let to respectable tenants, at a mant of £155 per anesns. ra30 he viewed by permson of the tenants, and partmiclars and conditions or esae ha of Mrr. e rancis reeve Jones, soleitor, 38 New MtrldXe-atreetd B nac igtsar; and of the auctioneers, 209, PiccadillY. anureb-treet. CamaberweDf.-To Buil0erd, Tinberdezlers. and others 1.C. F. SMYRK will SELL by AUJCTION, on hle-AII G PORTIN of the exeeliet MTfERIALS otf YStnfordhousc, also the Surplus Stock- of a Builder; inciudinlg upwvards of 1,000 prime dry white and yeliow out deals and batteus of varsndelenetha and titckneses, prepared joiner' borkain Eliabetha landother sases. -doors and fraiming, 200 squares dry prepalred flooring battens, 1.000 foot ork pavingrand coping. 2.00` Duchessslates, rafter. jorto, and plates, sound old flooring and Sning hoards,amid an inSinite variety of other -useful materials On sine two das prim-or, when catatlogues ma3y be hadl on the premntes; or of the auctioneer, 5, Tufnell-pork-leArace, Upoper - hrea*o-aley, Wiion Stee, St. Leonard's, 8hereditch, 3lidfDe. ,. JTRW. T. ATWOOD) Will SLLL bv AUJCTION, at .JJJthe Martn Fidayt Aug 15 3ant 2 byires is of th;aea6 ExecUtDrs 2-V'rEmrOI-.oDlok.DWzeEupro 1HOSES ofiat apndisin s'aos. 1, lo, m4,3 c^and 6, ,or a'sbuld, Horse-thee-alley, s lt. Lheonedards ffhredilch witha festw orkshops adjoning.Te whale6 prboduigan rark reutal,he of abot £1 peregannu,th m sivbooprople,tte tbes; nowrleaSadt 2wrfrForeman fe-r3term hiexpfringd 2h Decebe, 1a002,at ad ground Azbntof£SpraaPotS, Mnigftay ho siweade,dmy appiaindt theennts,ar fuinda pSatrsitarsomt9Ss baofEsrGedgo stadke So,.,Angeel-ot city ate atdl6 the artor ofa 2rIr. T twood, conetlo irorl and tad aglen,or To Familiersd FurnIdshin, Hoekeprs, eandO o ;Cthees- unmallyfe-6, -sg &7 ab le opportuott -n S2puate Thn D ..L th Ro-,44 tad,. TI DY . ul .h 31s, To I'ianofor & by, %ftrkan. Pictares, Paints', 200 osaces, oatI. 2wlj Out Linen. Hitchern Requisites, anid other EffcCts. (JHNh CKttd GALSWORTHY will SELL by .at1 wthout the lea t rezerve, the whoel of tio k reetrnsds tation,SEout)IWeItky RaiIw.-iromedit for-hola. Ond ta gbe, sth wodms, father bwode idbding MI contais of iv raw rs, CH1-",n OCKdde andtrcres uig GAS ooTH wird, an osinl b ArUCTION.0 ouceto thae, lartedwr. on Mon iery, boosk2s,RI1, glicnen ,icritset,nrqiies,and vefhectsA. cMpay vrewedhol ada pareCedig,-ad. EataloguesG hadres, wthe proisem;audlo theacioeneer, and caitalgnt- t oue, with twlo aeses,nsi,torif iln lt otann iears CHININOCK anad GALSWORTHY hive receivby A ustitost ELb ICTION, a-t the Mart, nMna,Ags 25, tY1, n ramnmlesany, Agran 5atAldrso't.aloctk, t themube railwa cotact. ESATuEg tknow acrs ofplerAsu= g aroud, wmpabling. Ar5 Also tof detacheodctis oe areehold pandur, cndonthariig lave acrus plnain,with vabexrelleagt ta the read,ag andwence adoinntstate fo uling Mayhe view zoed, and pArtclars hoestate isfi 0 aring,feith gentlemenly ~ithecaeical anddcapftal harhsowe. asith early poplssd ithsstondi C HINNOC and GALWORHY an ereeie Cadgan,Agsti Sout Nat 'lock,Vathvauable, arehod cotampacgt EATes tahl Lpesture, and orcar mle.rdm and Clantatinrwthm ecellenytfariohouprse,nBartn1 bacrns, oftl bsheds prnd air !ndw,-and 3gentacesanly Frettage reidenc adoining;esitate prdingterc androted va118 er Atan. Tuhe ettiin nbe aos rbn fec,intrectio t wi the capiutalo rhead elt hghly celn prINgOC ma bhd GALche nighouhod bearl possassounc sn 'beaotaedo the hoRIC e,R andPLN of the fam atbLdy-ay wEnTAThES foristigleone Wedpiesla, Aeci)npktive articLatpers and plansLIllHEDpab ainhd eary, anbae obtained onap to thes prihncipa tune a ptPono, Bu,and Jbsonhepictonrales t h Auctifiason Mart; asad of Gathe wuc- t2rcm, 8 Regent-street, Waterloo-plnce. mdi Cardlganseirl,btouthxtures,nfl Two ewFreeholdoEstatasjoeight,snogs from lampeirt.and t0 Thatilesfrmth arnersandrther se.a tame ComriINN OCK1 acrsonhgldrouv Land,OTH hand3,e aesn ofa Frereod right ofstrueoxs produin ah Mretgagee tof £1,1L per an-. noes, in thre lort, bdieton Monfy theus 25ecutor of tih ate mgeIe.t rnthatUs The sAtrn:CurAB ani PAs of the m sbtnilcaboeteST astE for salooa Wdnit y, Auega ustn20, atd proportion, andelPUbLISHeeyod, dsadritosyi beobratiedon.TeByeo appictinioteas, Ta thae, UMon,is ofen nhd oth cntuon. s rdicihms Asinfrlour 01M.Eand ueias,e of Gath whoibl will pintu the eiisofardiatr- atdtertisemen Lion Ho mtel,catope thede Ivy-housoexHtel.iv anreostablishmenti Belie u isi Hotl tberbutllthg aln a ovyandoMess Cinnaofk isandeGuowrt, audcaablinees. Tnd land onte 28tcont-asestabiseet by Watelopulaccrpn, Lod n, F ,RylCatro ihe oyPoal atioco s n istttof o Sciencetio and Ad,Lietrsiaevelwieth u of luable Panaat, adxture, enliditwono selling-Housecs andjin, for chniale,-roprent tor,i Toaterioa Mnagethmand faotheres, d Cle asIamusc and lectureTH havLadgnmlya Pae been popl orear t instructioeettlnes. frmThe smetirgges to SEmiraby aaptOlOr,a thee Mart,o3N Monday,f Augeart 2o, atC 12hatin magnifient pned upon the bu ldfi n iAOtsCIO peiaresterndvauable aclawedrted, to h asan rchleclrra monmen en ofthedrhie o tnaen odfithe metrpols, Te sruflee s oftheroos sustatia- charcegr,ast deeripionin ecraton.Thestye f achiectreis the Moorishe oft tail ofsot extunive ancoptabhenetah tiravsioothmuidn istouttcan convtey aidestmn of is grandeu andeabitlsThIaop incorporation, asd an intituation ofr the exhnbition, whsic developeent ofggestend and aprt,e anuoldth mohtire offescitudcrr out teoigiandame chainicaf invsnmon s,fu inconuetion,b whith isroenofeures, woud of aore asll aevropeic and rceindrI halleur and generalys plmancfrapop-e lamrcinstuctv ndertainrgoT)entsThe trouctundpladmirablyiadp-ted; they therepurposes, amg oteurs, ofe upwrdsfct,0aing betoflootee eirpafende uon theve buildinge manditopermanentsu and valuable uncessoried, Amonger the anyd imorotaintd n prpet connectaed with the pedifnte tapnsingie unde the denomintion wofl ptvtabe mere ntac.TIolnedte grind orgaln, croeasieg ed tor hean one fa tefntestainsrments.fa binghe wold. It wasdconstreuctedsyMas. Hilt andear Cor.adi onerahof the raopionst aowerfuly indaxitednce.sl consistinglof four manuls,each from Ch main sberidasgwell rts asnleni paerforer, ithis capabe tof pargelurecl thears aaisnupledry rosix berllw workherd% by steas powerhre ioom alfsotef crysta&laortuen orieubaciudtwdeladliing-los exeriments;rthgigaanticR electriclal m Erqin, thelarget oer construceted,thavin aesplanter 10fo Mesns dimterund. va io& nductorn eet sUinlgthr, proMjdrducingoermou eoletsrya 10-ome power, steam enginer8,wt daubhmle boier Southwirk; hydr. aulieande gasd apaatsande olittintor; numerousaxnstreent for snetd withsrs thinoickacope Galwhomarothe kalltoederscaupe,iorsms, instRuctonent-theet daeprtloetofplace,noando at omleatosi desgn f tis oot uefu intiution by whchis eoucs oldb moEfLLyIeeopdS ndrae is to aSEcur anbihy Aeonrtr ommrialthe Sale Ifoog Thes rugeissn lusaboIONsctd at1,they c LIBseRARY otha ers,themerctng a cetr for o h fi concet hal woul he otaine, andat th at atim the prfiesent capbiltis o th srucur wold e eredintact hi loe with the JnrAsinEtSt fCOr TT muical SEntranmns b f A highclss wMl ensurrewaynsena. edntesatreAor.opera-huethe Paopitico iES? Ind modierofLsale may boe obaind atthe Asdti gon ant,cty df t litess GRrwY'u alns, sarWed nesda.uat1, toietor, St.ou l,tpdredcor,ti Poialtey;ofhefHooper, thejudg, adtor,oseBortkheabovecraucis aoutahw FORec. VLiAncEHL andValanE,. seiituaeo.57. 20,osse-street, Sityroand; aNd.2 PofMsrtlCrokand-pGae,law orth-rad auctioneers sand Bnsburvyors 14, To-morrow, i, Barsugust1,ra12 iny lbts thewe byTeRavS of theWd sPectSiI,teints BlartckHors-a3rdebaidgnedHigh-srleset,copisingq. sound stock 1 AbriYcks,rthesand, frcames,Y doos,zz f~looingo and Sn timbeitrs, fixthra.meternalquabutrs, C,ekew Ma beFieederc dayrredingF and mtorain of- asisle,ialstaloget;Mss had Abbtt the.ofices fthauand boer 1o0.citioris, S Ne-ity. rn, Gog rzbro.Fs,slctr Stourbidge,W About,.~c 1,20 Volueays; of d Booksf.JmsSot 2, Wrwi IeLLIS Be denrecedto ELb.UTO MS a the SAleTON omat the Rooms,2hall-dt Bondstrdeyt, Augustrow, Ag ,at 12, the LIBRARYOLECIO of a gentleman,dcsd, remove fomth counry coseoising abWe;ousiti,20 volusemesns hoots the collecion ofd liosn,lor-parfew vamewlu -od.Ddable EnrvnsLpr ase.huolerou aphertis mringetmn ofrae catalogu es at th er roomeca;l tean atnh dr of then auctineer. 1o0 pieri Citym.ta Mo. G1 ODDiAR-street ive Caini stsuro-ThonLese wth pEL- Mb. AMESON SCtthoGosenlArsEL by3vur.k A CTION bewll at, OnaTueway,s on uednsday, Au.1.at 4 125prczl, acapita Elotsdish-squre uEatalrce and werl-srlt-cntiingithreeod pRlous, EeeF draing roms,ad and fou be om,Te peloshaigave of Haopsicd up ortlad-plac, Hrseld r-fromteDke ofnortlandit fren at yh ears, aot onl re0ta year. - say be vewe tl thoue, term ytesars onte piremises; rofn renry Jof'eron,nus, solcito. Also Grea Jaesl-ua oreet Bnouedsrdrw aNds ofM.Jme ct, 2, Wa4 u 0,crlsrwick-_esor-street,Re In hanery-Leis . Dro nd thes.-eeshals.umslnganda rend thI SCTBellEL yACTO,a S% of Pacawa's. anedEnrdayviAgust1, a seatifl, Chfurc lt,pufroan totaecre of thilerHig Court,o Cancuery,s withfth appronationofthe FtOheR LESEoLDs O5SE, sitatfO.rd or-street,erh Cinty-red;.To Norw.2 Potland-lace 1ew pncrthually and c,Pta 10dsad second-arnbuy FRow,TPRk-rad compnctong producin an (lnet g rentmo R101 lis.a-yer cands zoasground-en oand a-yecar o 6 ers, talsrfeuez dnd upo Nsplen,d13 spieti Croteafnt.Priurs mrmthrayb Exhbitaioned fcharlesgLews, graqd, soliito, Alanycour-yad, iccdily; okans, Buto., andaSon, coleltro,Norhamtonsqurr5Cieicewel rbeS,derwck Caraih, '. soiios 8.winnuat Stradnd;gtorge GHaverook. h eq, an sollsiora, Pmredg,Wreesuersise areta Gaoaa'- ;anef6r61me1cot ,Warwik-theMret,.eet-tet ~~ Pa~~hgoda,re ChinaJaand iue,Gl afB.GDDR banreceived 44nstPrucainsut S elL o Theby ION ,a the Yoo ars, a1. Oldy Bn-treet,g To-morrowt. furconenineo.ae;cnitn of specimensr of thes froreign and Engisd scol,aogahr h edo t ee.Sanlte treat. cty. Berkshire,-Genteel Residence B3ray, near Maidenbead, ~fB. PREECP,IiU--l SELL bY AUCTION, on iAThursday, August 7. at the Town-hail, Maidenhoed,at3lInr4, a small UITHOLD ESTATE. comLprising a convenient brick and tdea COttg reidence, desirably situate niear the church sand river Thames, five mlliles from Windsor and one from Maidenhead, consistig of entranre passage, two good parlouro four bed rooms, tw;o kitchems, and Other offices, inluding the fixtures; s-pring end soft crater, tie-estall,stab;;, chaise-house samd other buildings, good garden, and stable yard wihsde entrose. Printed partcnulas and conditions of sale may be had of the auctioneer, Maidenhead, Devoushire.-ImportaLt SaIO,-B7 Mr. WMt. WILL,S, (nespo Viously diepord of by private contract, of which due notice wilteh given,latt te New London Inn, Exeter. cci Tocadzy, 5tht Augatnext, at 3 In the afternoon, either altogether or fri lots, rPH- ATnorof Colleton anid valuable Freehold Esae esirably situate, in the-parile o lklligh and Chweg,on the North Devon lie of railwy whic2 Leosrouogh teChulmeigh estate, end is w~ithin -,asy dtaefrn eCbcJigls estatosi aeut 25 miles from Exeter, 17 fo rdtn n 5fo Bs4cz.atPle ; comPrising the mansion-houseo dltu olfnals fa=T-houzse und buildige, andecattagea, andaotu 4ceogpro 'f9Vk4kdapte-afor prsriggm,utsvetrakofo-hnd 1brfhf0nsreuthe westr onayo loCullbetts fod 'e*celleatetjng,,u;;analthprmeaocaalofgatirv- ment, and MRfes a aeopruiy o netet ritdpriua with pImsof' thepoet,shwn h eoo o;ma ebda the -Now Lend,-ulnaocsd;a ofto;o rmM.WleIf Fuctieseer, oftEBxctr o iwn h rmssi hloe pl to Mrr. Georgfe HwleaatCltn;sastotheinCwlgi,t Itr. Fslwaes ed h e'nttee n uterifrain n Wnted particuassdpsmsas,myh btandfobfeca ymond and ns reyr,xee;M.TeegHshll Sed leigh near liverToma Lno'or,M~: ,T Wiaud r e 2.Lnoes-n'il M -R.11OXON b-eg-s c- t inifom th&pnblIoW'that the --- argerprItioaot there HOUSIM ere ENU 8OLO atthestiitis-n,andmsy betreatedforlsirivately.-St, Martinh-plice, TrifA1gs,c. Cambriam-hovsse. wtheigh aosesof land,at oswood ' OX"N begs to inform the public 'thi,t this .JLETATE w G B UGT IN at the Auction Sale, and may be tnureatd by PiaeCntract.-3, St. Mass's-place,'x-lag- Fccetlo!d Ground Rests, writh early RteversiontoheBc 'ari of dt-amPpet;also Heath-house ageFml Radoe wKikth xenie 'eauGrOuns sdeerHus:tewleprofueeig alout £700 per ammo en h itvoio fteEtt of th lato W. Heathb Esq..a abdhet ie j3R. MOXON1 has rcie ntutosfo h .LLLExecutors to SELL the abDov fireloss PROPERTY at the Auctionx Marl, on Wednesday, -August 6. at 3.2 o'clock. in iots.- The whole i.s freeholdl and laud-tax redeemed, and comprise3 t-ie gren3drents, seensed upos vecrexcellent familyhones.o binMare-street, Hfackney, Casnbrldge-heath, Ash-grve, the Crescent, and the Oral;the loases of whirh having been originally grantedt but for 61 years, fail in a ubicintiuton Asoseerl mal oues Auctiona-. Mayt be of the executers of the lateWiliam rat. Es.. n lon kURTtEINvery pleasant welt-buitt also a ploto Leand,wto 2 fent,forontage satuam, at thole Mrt '~IR. MIOXON waill. SELL, at the Mlart, oct WeduesML day, Aug. 13, ath In, the TWolot,anewrly-b deSTraTleo FROIVE well-buit Dvo netCottageSh nine dos.tro1t. Stanley-road, Kinghld's-rad 45uteama, natl finished, mtand all 4et tovgodequarterlyce tenansts,Par ticulars atteMr; and o the auctioneer, 3, St. Adartiu!e-place,Trfla-qre eligibl Leasehboldr Intvestmts, for pmallo sums ateh Chelsea. MR I. ItIOXON winl SELL, at theAuto Mart,.ooienes Weiday, daugy1. Atg 13, some.TW foloang v~ery T deival te PROER Cn ohelsa PRcOPdEfRTIE2 Per.Partiulas of F.hw n Doman,a., s1l, Gimy.saet; Gofgesstrs.Capell WstdmDnctran th. LAnctoln' in.rt fields; ad the actionet. I,aSt. Mrts'place, Traflartsqare.quxe Lilat Dsn Bver-ronady Inuthwrest Is i rtold -tthe hodFcs of F Hae, Hewbus Gange,d., cutyof Deais-heans, byodr fMrtaeI ~UR. MhOXON will SELL, at the Aucio art, onWees T WdnesdAyg. Aug.t 132 som LASpOLDan FTRI?.ETS inr the shae and otherN. RoPEf I Particlarsoo Mayhurt and Salmon. soilsadofer 3MrS. Morton,st. Mri'-lce, Trafid atgare.saa Great Doerd-rouo adsx, etwrr- eseheilsfomd Le-wsante o 14 Heuser, tt to weekly tereenants.t hIraR.t SEXLL will SELL, at theaays Marl OctnWednesAi 6 atV sla, Aug.o13ts at 12siab LEASEHOLD PROPERTYl, fomr 6 ean beitg or.rd Itwo1, barns,oandacvalGreat Dncovuer-oad inagood reair. Partheculartes of, th. Dixon, produinin.gOl Breweallof sadof th R.Auc(tioer 2 , St. Marti nes-place, aTo-f lga valuable.eef-i fps icklIeod-hursatiSussex.WsveilUa res romt 10israndt1frm. Trighton. JV ESSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) beg to- ceiannune, ithat Ibis tv ery dmble FREEIOND ESat Gaw, con. statngeofay cApiut6l fat1y reidemtnce wth suiabl otices gadisoens,f an nearlyabl0 sane imofrthebet lad n uHOLD ws O SOLDTatute the1 reetuin and is. sowopen. orarivatean Treaty.i Paticuar mauy be obaiedo of e.ight mesns Efro, solicitor fro Bomonus-yulhce and sofnessrs.t Gresien,ce, NOrld Bnd-trelluet. o ad xei ul,o mdesraezebtslypablevefe-oraextandsLand, aEstctadgith earminnerf w-im[eSSS redXrieN (2nd, Old miround-sbytreet aitlaverekacewto SEL bhy 'ar,CTI,enon, a Gldrrad,y'ct,o aeneday,l Aus 6il, it 12l cniomplots' edinesiable COPIIresoLD PriPEch iaoo pristsg withe,orhard,tohm, and ao( valubleh encelosur of maroseow land limste21 ill Fiteld neor thestov, ctagvaes,l ncloThsur ofpasture, niantadcuatiage,toflMrnWilyiamgPoter.outhe10sper anu.s Tinspoiepetientscituatei nd thoesint-uatine is otoftte shout inthree miesy frotm thqe Panerstautionl,ony Xb eiec and fivofrm xfrarm o'fric17z attesin (ear thc Pinearl Station ate pars-away'sretof Edwin Smt.wth. eq.r en- tes- 2or Clismditers Teplsessiandh pofper's Gyresents23 Otsld aodstreet. esaerefordiexeshiveresal enb FreomieldE ithat ofirne-art 1,00aces.mnt itLevresidu insthesionds ton i h SELL byaUtion,oa htly reaspy'tabon Wedanesday.d Augus wh,l ate12nlinot in tesmantimaeren,o diposedsof,a of H0 ereford. eiht etestfrom Boss itreigte fro flleGronnouth andl wthin: stveaa end an hlhoursi poftLondn comprising abot2 handsome romne-builty rsidence, oposithgtothoue neaghllyand dexeensivel bit,o ofe moderate size, butow easilydingpable f-etusnooirnst-and ising in theaidto well-ibertedtroutrivlerln, n surr)rtioundedsbythpee czapitaulfarm knownbl ast fhoir- thereveonnofone.o OlAiD,r Mosbig, s and domi's wield, awomble,srhad and w afood tePnlandsmSaithnecelln thefaref-ord and homnesytheeas.tater cforndgs miol, bottage, ad. theeis esDtatlJbssesse manyheadeaghngeshothe Ianticlyn with sthr mayspect,lany soil,texattentinclimate,andthelsinatosHenmoord.ofhbsrnouthanisloverypitr- esqu Gandwa benttn ountys. The reidnc and home faictrm, Loof 70acrs- fiewhich aneal 100 acsres arem park)Boingrinsedinhdwthtrya dciletldfo Simmedituosesinue, the ropaL ierty d Deeiad itselkas espitL tersdeoftHe y,landsen in thes occupationg Cofpshl.esetal tEna SRSandt. whoEE 2etin and estmatd-srent)lo upardsrof £120cerveannstum.then etat iSEL inerece byCTheN Gron, ah capital trUtcstreambus,cfe, sa a utlying pton comdrisday Abugut 20 acre iso romNITiR.callyisituatehpe ulsntsin tthGr-ase-hill,anddscending tao th vally fof the doraowin affordning ros hlf-a-ymieofrfist-ratshngi thakast clbaetrout ;nol rirchisnygo-a pairtionofrheesatpraesets, gan singularly eoslegy site for thesserectiozn of oneodmr wisingeils, an d iss o wihisky two maitle andmathal of the nuenrouas Stton ,on the aperdaeford ado Abexaveofnn cuailwary. athces counr amnd laboyutndsith, dagelig-t.; crinatesneighourhdood. Parets,inclularslsa tmaeUmay artot,Iishinr, at te pincial otel inRoss Heefor. Mn.othe,iv and Idloer Ptair oflways:of ss ea n o,tlctr,Lnonsin i,ESSRS. GREE (2,OdBonad-stre)hv o ML byve insTrcIONs ato SELb WAUTIn o h rmss DclEldhose,3.1 Ucand 1,Sue.eWensa.ugt2adtw folwndaa t1.the wholechfrtheeofelleMark.SEeach coR b anydfarcte drawing and dianing rooms,lbay onn n rafs rloor,; nobleng cimney-glassen, painedtings, ramuts rn infre costl cohinal andecalass 16doenats ofd polduwines n ako hsy mesticum ofies, onlenasyate, dair n and yeaurs ateeis age -t caurruars mandW ou-oorefbtai , including.teavlliey hait,Iis a poy ene,invaido9 chaise,uigh Idcar, aress,- .;teliead es brEedmuSndR St. thREENpim cows, twdoyalng-s,re20 South Dawn ewnes,deigh lAmbus,7 andon t2p in upward ofVE 0eonsofdetadowd hay and cl'oves-wggn dungw cars, N los.gs, Iron laud roll, anume6rousOthrk animplmnga ronomth greasfag crops on 1 bacrmestofpwenit, into. Maydn bie vieediroos-daspedigae, and capiafie,dlgtaulogusiotuaine at, the irmta ATE OO. REEN (28 OELdBn-tetwllSL MV yar.UCTon, atrs GayArrasr's 7nWdedy uut7 t1 in twHOLIn TWOUSES,ceedHingly el-bul n gnr anishedRon DErN-Ceet,s 14eveand-1strClit,nVla, ax-wck-rad.adjcnts ato let tsofhgl respetbl teantsm, aendorproduing ratcrss %retiualsof £o per Hrge annmhed Bon.lese orlabotm 2yer, atk modera;ptte e aEarnts ma a bh utoee obained of MessidrsColb,Sit,Hntr n R.MnOiOed wineion toSELL by AUCTION, at thrwa,en Wenesdart,o A hug sauust27 at12,in oin SEVE .sei-dtache VILLAfi rESIedENCUES, kow asU 5,.5 Oakl1~,1ad2.53. an, an61, Noahensree Villas,well builteandseryle handsomely finoishd,ea-hrontanin diningl and113 drawfinglroostreakat, roomey ont baseen op12.enindnor gardten fivesbe romsnad capitaln rofie. oss, delghtull Asituae none, ofvthe pbrettiest,hMlthest.end. most accessibl suburbs o pndon baeing wirthin twrofminuiEa'Calk-eo, Eais-h,oiit,rdgh-sare-eotd opallre -with the Wlexpto ofq. solic6tnew vahucaht)row higehlysethbe ten;ants at thealow averaes roniaofs £10 e-nroaunmee.hlo laefraot yero atnemmoderat grunlder Iroute aruand ohmay.obtained o TR.MO R wiBLT wll SELL by AUCTION, atth .t.gh.e 3art, on WThursday, August 7,at12. a% siorooedb chorner Htsbur, wieth siodevent-rancad, gadmen,6e, ilon-streetg Sfa lmoUnglane,wros ner aeneyCurh laret yatd £22 thenant paying ates,Oterm 7 -ears, grund Prent£3 lO artimamrna of Mr. Mason, atnB.iOoles, fevewed, 3,ndewrtiunre,Lnoln's-uedn attheprrnart; andtt ethe sueofthceie autoneies , Mie-enrd-road. omeca-o~at M R.eL-l T.his Freeholdhnasimete ivedingsVteforucMiddlseto hFR MOOREwil SEL b LAUTIO aUTIthe ehir-strct. leveand-tree, Mie-en-see, lt to oldresalyii aot. Near Souied es.I clse sad M.1rESSRS. ORAWE il ELby AUCTION, LIat Garraway' on Thursday. August 21 alt prMeiely, in one tnt, a valuable FR6HLO ESTATE, called Small Gains, consisting of nearly 112 acres of marsh, amable, and pasture land, with farmhouse, and eonvenient homestead, held eon a 21 yeara'llease, for £2.0 Verasnum. by Mr.r.Charles Allen, which will eXPire ina few years Tains prperty is desirble as an investment os-for future occu~ation. may be sewed by permisson of the tenant, and srticulars, with plans, had 14 ayspslos t th elo. at the Innsi at on Iln;a ra Walierr nnr-stheetRoylndoShip otls, Suthend tth ig'fed Bob tord; at G trr re's'o Mrd Cattehld solicitor2 lypae ob SnPofM.S ad HARD Bedfrdrw SoLictr of Messrs., Wait andCole, Martin'se-lane CTueson-dtWeet. esolictors- of M ndH6r, at 12 :oos-gathe-sreeaiin portiona of Mr. vaood,l 8,OC Fcof.et -ARILdEraSdstrees, solpicitor ofezant tumor,47,Lincogln'sin fiaels, soalicitor; sad tNiibo.z49, Sulner-sd vct, SnowhiLDlsso lamps of 21artnemsiaip.enge,%n worl,'o r, uldD the cemainingepotIongof the oaleable STOC of ARICE dol 4v, leo2 Dsseldorf School, exhibited at theflublin ExPi. tIon' tlei id e'e o hs omadn n ~io This ay.-TwRe~lsi?res Zili,--ulen Theatre, wide Tkanserabl Fre&dodeions.fairesoldbr illei of Lb E3fRliilbvs. 1'i .l~ROIN iaistrtocdtoSELL by AUG. itt ION.atib Mat, TIS U,?. ic i,ai two totsQTC RENTEIN SHRES n tIeTheare Ityal.Druiry-1ane, Produncing an a,nul Inome andeac enitle t ir ssra~lsfree adulabolon, c,ate Thie Day--IS Houes. in C~hage%llu- w,lauersnilth. ]J. O-BINS WMl SELL by AYaiN tta MaIrt. THIS DA.Y. at 12, in lots, E laat ml-ie RESIDWNCES, nearly finished, being No,I ,aOanFienfnished Housmes. Nos, 2 lto 30. in Ohancetior-odlel o I er,t low groundxents, FartirularshadatpthuAei's at Sale Tais Day.-Imotn lt fFehl iide ad wil. ELLbyBINLO ,at itie 115 AYMaa2,inlonTaEIISL BUILD 3LNGLND,o an exteeyacatvn impeuutdsriton n road, Kensin3gton-ak otn-il atclrsiala h at Thi Ds.-atubleJeels Rionsri-,Watches,ndlto 11?SRS DEBENHA2M, STORR n iNwl ,LttSELI,,t theirRooms, King-street. Coetarn.1fISDY andietmeisantte,s, braclts, camnd velve rot e. lds n caincs, taeldcains,be ls.ihandl Geatenecsa watee,n h tmk Actions tMarptce, anr dieales, Tailver, n Sh Sideld,ard ecplato, drs nG-cald Tdkt,and othereaercotlyPoet.s.~i he Or-Nole; for Aujete IQGooe.dtie 1,ESS'tS. DEBENHAM1, STORR, andl SON bill .LV rspecLL, atoal theRoms atenRixg-oret.Coe nolt-gaentr. Ta-kerso, suglicitrs execuors-,E s CLO-mths. andssielersc, tod theares Aladesb AndgetlemN's vattirle, silk,ERTin and velvet ndres piencladgmos, careahUvepat, table sebrt inen, ofeather buedns and bedding ttrued ndef- methdpexs Watches, anmCockens, loose browejla, elarildnt Orappiet, Gol,a.d Tinetls, damnd othr cstyamoeety.an blouetalsed in thea year e Xh hemouhSfRAS. w)EHM, bebeToRR adSO o ilL espctuly thoU calteotnlNofte iy. ghen2try ane slcTorsday ehe ntoh, Tlernito n ewelaer, toe 2thei ALSb AUTIONduy ohe aluable PI Tofarusinds on diglos Tive sierpat, thbe serh,ies IfThe huensdand tdhl patteh. h Teldsolae ctemm,ssrenc ocks,e nnetlt, relinzehd chaysbeorstea, watche offothcdupemind slesaer movemens, unet fobdsribuatioemealds,stphreet, rubves,-gandpenrl, diamond ornaS. mens.n lot-i ngetvrey These oforic thenmoat oVeAnetst willl beihldon andDeskdas. Ath tir,h iLies, Wedbne dTate bleh and Bed Linen, SaddleThursda Miscellanies SnELLday the 1th, uedaat teh20oh Thorday, the 14th.Fi*7 h and o Wedesday, the ISle Thoneday, the 25th. Termday ofcmmsioe nh amsnntWeadiesd ay. be obtaiedo aMicaienat, the aIcthoer' fiesFhredy als olentdctoue of forthomitng alesacewaeas4 rady. flouredsorbrti,uon-Kndaypreet. -i-tre,Covent-garden, odo,July IL18L halesofricht Gendoa VInvestmenth Silts,WshfelenedCsn adDoedingon. abottie Iris Linens,fo aBietod Goodte. urntue, dtabee andm BedrLineupn, Sdder,ad Maelne.-uet 88 MESRS.JE DE WSONHba SrRcei and iStutONS tol ofe o AEb ulcAUCTION, at'ter om, ohu Mathe monthugof Augut,(e vareiosydpoed oFf by i aprPrivateo, con theti diy one lt, a tag:rtath ledmot deMoePO RY nd, the 11uth fNrh umedlnesdl, theri gthe I Fet o nday Nebthe Esthtsith oportnity thrines mntth ndisoef and montcmat n r aWednestaythes in3the cony Fridayso the highradfomls we The propety rwos bes vinbewed, andcat igns subtdiviedinonfie dayrior, -wing-sutrbeet Ceure ntdgahenes-eusy iaLh cuaia fbgl ImPortant teand fomnvstsenrt, inar the opay oielandrtanmher oherd ituate ind rthe chelebrated Vlley ofetiell, the parishest of thele%r and Doddintetfond. thabou 10 milkesromBefr, and tirHoae sLame. disrtac ther isafgtffer hey for upwSN ars ofecndeie atinstuctions toe SALE~ ~~~~~~. n by pulcACTO,a terr,snAce nextlunlse poriosly ispoed o by riras c otrsln onrea lot,la Importnt and miost desrabe, PiPn T,i the caihsofuidnty ofnorh Bunheryn, intcomprsn the Flenton sa alertdsbtanc Esttes wthe stheio manorh Lorneptdo manNortof-Fentorn Randlw8ayO. AOp of superiord Resblenmedo, and Upatre lartndsre, TAtzropry-squ eenesan unu Suap aronange esrtlaten th-or t,ioleandh.ig od rn Brvc adatbout rt t ouTmriles ug 7 in brat,anti losubdivdedntto fir farces, withe suitabl houses ofCandcer.meade in thaue ocupatixono highlykeotcthed steblnggantsns,fo ylearto yer,uwho parmythland, &and all othrtaxes andtrates onthe hstgto roes betwee the ropertyof Eanth ettarqi ofeWtlesfuorda theEarlosaneve, ahc iond Sxire, loracenSt.it Pal,art.e irspwecltuive withe game, and inebounded byts the rivero altnd whide thr ds rtgh loftshey oforand wlapead foil abmile,g . Artclaso a ther lecoertymaytert hain ameperatonrto irn Jppee Robrtson-e, of tefod,land; mag enta tofMr Samerl, soictr,e Iot, Guhl-ehaber ;1 Tto Mr. Geruare, solicitor. o Messr,Bcs. tolmr. Loft%dand soluctor 2, New.In ion Mstrand orw tod Ces.rs. Clytn,isolicitoree, Coewat-Lfeon-Te atth theincialt lund may betfviewed oaneappliatio toe Ma.Rbrt anna olr toh tob bando ,r onDawson', land and auction offices,Mrbouhcaes,4. Ialarboroug camberins.t48. Sall-may. PeinmCnanry A~derxoemn . Coe"AFreeholdRsdne and GCopynd Rsents, onteLnonan Norbtonh-WesterngsRailwaTy. As eshl 1U.JOHN D)AWSON ill istreLL byth AUTIONtees TION at the Mart, on Theay,Ag- ,i lt,prun oa re of ho ig Cort f haner,fmae ifa ano of, at1Dixn sv.ralCooke." aSaIta FAEEHLY PREIVAENCE, with o wthos ogarcens, adtreclhod Gtablngdgarents, plasuegound,go7 farmyeard (ao., and sur-b rounded bys somes thood male). land,iconlaisinng thorethyerhaboft3 acren Giuy aqo o th highnoad-room Westmnterd, toliBirnet let of a ge'ntiDawson a letaasentwhich w cisoncepre, aigtoa lawsnt,wtd ag prbapeberen v9 alue lsoi eart os,tocttgs ndgre gon,aDatoIstaon.Folnd Idapesmet for bulingon. As hr leseol ineetlsmepoeryi UpEr LLrtn-tret Fits- roy-quae, rodcinga pof retal05 £71 peranum.Pati clrmabEDhdolSmulBre ovtl. SELL by81 AUrtCkoMesrsTIO.Fe and Coa. 2i, THenIettA-street, Covet-gat2frdn at the WOtford-andtaeet;prdcn ODe atnm-L the bart ckand at Me. oh )ascn'e, land Weoeand aucton oCicesyMrocldoforg-caslngos tem. Fall- mall, und Kingto n. Surrey. rduig;3 pr num ri Pre,sliminary1Adverieaet RuFselholdtres,BoidencesTandeGrond Rets onadLue' Surbilon-hficel. Kingston,cSry-aey l~jFR JOHNodGAWSON isinsae t ructedo thmste ofth EtaeofMrCWlla walr SE nL to SELLCyIAUC 1TION at the ost, o To uesdayw August 1 . at 1 pecsey in sevra lots. E SIXVLL FREO DPRIVATES ReS wtIDnCES Isixemrith adal andt Freeholnd GroungadRents, samounting toe£78 ayear Vilampl seurookby houses Bajsixntmesthero value)n.Particuarsmiayrshrl bed haditon of Johea tuy Rhe. 8Mann on-esro. Waerstmnster, Longm'rand sof'cits 6on awo, lan agtrent Roand Ecasengee, ornesop and iRlabertKnon,h achionebers4. Pall-mhall,cabr,Cp--out erteBnz Dalsora.For nvesmen or CGoo-tret n t heon. o lN isrcostOo SJ,a h Mart, T oI DY,Juyno,t 2 or.Az 1,th Lat e- HOslD,toems DWELLINleHOUSE,iHOgaDen BeSIngNESS. Queen's-fe rac, Qreo-rod, antn itha potofLgoundoanth rear, ngt- auctin ollcee07. hanceo-lae.son 11R.JN ISwl SELLI byAUTIN,aUt LTIN atthGarrwysonT,urTHIS DAY.as 1uly lit, at de12l fu 1,the HLEASEHOLDEBUTNES eprEsinES 1o7, Upper P.n-cth Bneplgravi Oxord- lesatree st,uproduing £8is nprdannum.palovn thbiek-hburhood a- scupageon2r. vestmrelntd-ple, Ciy-oad. heldfoo alogterm . erl yatra emagrnouderaent, andret.Mapabevee o rduandg50per cuannum Paticlr,wtcoditions offW,a saeomybnhda the Prmiarta G=ays; offez't M. Scar ley. solitor a3, GMateey Rossel-toree3, Bedfont-strutaCre;and gatr.en dt Mr. JLuosieyes aucton-hmpoffice,r67eChanert-ane. ToeSall Cld ituvestms.ts, beLoldonsingly,1 smelxthLe aseodoVlasi Isintuae tBrxt MR. REwl SEKN sis eeLLt sbymAUCtopbiON IL AUTItONar, atoGarrawas,ugt onT1 u1, at 1 2peiey i 0lt, THR7 fsmioetanhd bhackbutDELNVONIS ih gardens.,iut n bela itnViss ingrok sol aplyatth Matdoisssaesngan LoGroand.olctos 3OdBrAdsReet ioa xbn rt sIr Roberut edyto, Firt-lasRsiFrenehodIvsmet-o Cabn-re,i h iyo Ltenreo iDsrucin toSL,alhaMr.T-orw.Ar.a e cisel. thse met deirabeFreEHioLD o Uf E~REfSS lastfireyear npwre of 880 as ben epenedantropoprca n repair, and might, if conve~rted into oites,reali athe leat£1pe aunum. Fo particulrs nontagetion ohe saeppygtheMat to reeod. Crerdenc asnd olicior,2w Basndhaze-hirelt oreetoich.-RBy Mrn.n AuctiNEer 1f iChpih-ae,atl-chaece Copth,tT-coDAY,near the Vatanleysret, Fregeholda tathder Leasabehold gresiene with A piGroeme, nt Thusday,a Augusta14,ialrsi1.adesirabcle Lasie-o HOLnd,tinn PROERt,wompcrisin o 7, tednfer-abtieetn Boise-atio soTh, rpleasatlyi situate, in thiwsteridl impnrofin Grewi.chboprk, andh ditions ofisale,ehad onthe premises at thatcwa; ofi bess'zrs.modsleyTaloran Moely. olcitrs 13Bdfod-trezet, Covenr-gaden;e Restaurants, Casinos, and others.-The handsome modern Fittings of Saville-house, recentlyfitted with greattaste,regarlesa of expense, for a CatS and Restaurant, in the Parisian stylie. R. 0 FUBERwill SELL by AUCTION, on Ajterms,eon Saturday next.Aug. 2Zati-TfGrl2preciseotimelou accountof th. number ofloin), the whale of the costly FITTINGS and APPENDAGES of the above, including l5noble gee chandeliers 30 -iagle-light glans bracket ditto, SW0 fret of ottomnan seating. 100 marbletop coffee tables 60 stuffed seats, 7 dozen imitation rosewoud chairs in le-ather and dmask, three lar,ge sine chiumey glasses, two pier-- glasses, SO by 16. a valuable Frenchl manitel cloclk, candelabra suites of rich damrask window curtains. Portiares. two capital counters, with marble tops. about 280 yards ovf new orlelotb, taco valuable Frenczh cooling stoves,rnatic dgower stands,oedestla.b,uset,4 glatssocopper moulds, and requisites for the cuislne,together with the fuxmituie of the private apartmeants, and nLumerous effects, May be viewed to-morrow and morning of sale, and catalogues bad on the premaises, and at the suetion offices, Warwick-court, Gray's-mnn. -The Grove, Neasdon, Willesden. Middlerex, the late Resid'ence of Messrs Henry and Cheslyn Hall. 'IjR ARSHf will SELL by AUCTION, at the ILResidence. the Grove, Neasdon,Willerdes, onWednesday3next, August .and followle. days,at12 each.day. the wole of theexcellent meodemn FU1tNITUs.Ey and FYFECTS; inciudingbed chamber ap. pendages of the usual description, suites for th'e fining and drawin roams, library and entrance hall noble claeees,a 61-octave horizonta grand planoforte by BroadwoDd and Sons, old pairftings by celebrated nasatess, a'Collection of modern pictures. engravinigs and slrawings, ornamental items and articles of taste and vertun ringlo and dsouble barrelled ginis, services of richly cut glass and Chins. l,Ofo ounces of ~It,Icuiga pairr of ma"esr octagon-shaped loe-pails, of zoble egnan slye chared and engravcd,bonght at Strawberey.bill sae,e a beautiful. soup tureen, and plated actecles ;the cellar of old andryaluable wies of the highest chamtracter-ing about 300 dozens,-lneluding Hock, Champagne, Eart India Amnontillado, brown and, pale Freehold Ummnaes, Csstuberwel~ consistingof two Diwelling-'housea i 1inoisrk-rbsdt, anothirin Tlhe Crtsdeht; SutlimufstrAet..A i'i' IUOtroawap'. L11-bAYAUCTION, at FRFElHOLD MdZhaOAGEsi.giving vltes- for the oou y PfOurrv sitateas bse, oth lss-oisofCamervlLThe preuidies awe newlY buil, sat n ecelentrcpjr, et o rspetalle early tenants, and Valuable S5lsoelianeoue Propertyn including Marbe Gro~use d * Irooon,labland M-sorbuezerie.Furniture. OldDrzesdearnd OrienalZ Chinmasfew tictures,T,rxoig Lathe by Hslt7s,Pffel and4Co..Fowling *Pieces and Rtillesby7 Bordey, Btancb, andXloore,aT ngl?Arrut, and other Effects. IN~PHILL'IPS is irstatsted to SELL by A110NP IO,ahiRom,MwSedtre,T-orw Aug.L at Iprecisely, anumberGf beautiful 3iARSfEGllOUPS;andFyGLiFES of Italian workmnanship, bronz-ea decoratire buhl and maseuiterie cabinets, ts, les, old Dresden china, groups, fguree, and ornaments. a, s-en-dune old Orients! enamelled -dinner mse-ine, upwards of 200 l4eoes. ans expensive amacour's 5-inch oentrataths by Holtzapifel, with apparatus, fowliDg pieceg and riflez by Pordey. Blancl. aud Moore and unumeroas effects. StWay ho viewed the day preodugwth2e sae,and eataloges.eh&d at Mr. Phillips's, as above. utns-Two Freehold Houses, with larg aldgre,o u rOPLIS SON iidH DIG wil SELL by TLAUCT?09. at tI at,o hrsa,1th of August ne=t at I t0rdero th rsesfrSla FREEHOUD) PitOnientl edemy; cnrrtig ogse, os covo by 55 feet, sad vWhcmabeccpetoehrosprtlyan ksnown as Vine, Cottae eebruhln,Pro'-re,ado which itnmediate pseso a ea.ifye-eeilteae andopaticulars ha ntepeie;o s.,.Topo,slttr 33, Budblersbnsy; at teMr;ado eE,Sn n asig 6 St Po'scurchad 11g ec,. E&ee.-Deibfl0 ~ esle,ssdnwtit. own grounds,q on tbeeg fte oet bu one m3ile heam the TL6ughton Station e h off TpopLIS, SO an lG WMl SELL by JL AUCOTIOk, at th 1fr,o hrsa,Ags 4, at I punctually,v a COPYHOLD) COTGERSIRC, yoa ion. known as Fair Mood Cottgge, cnann ee e hmes oritnroa and convenient domesi fie;cnertr,coac-os,adOe stall stable, paddokplaregonstselylidu,ktcn tarden ish pnd in alnal he ce.Hl fteMnro tewardstouie, at a ilirno sO, naml u.iabvee till the sale, and par-iculars had nhp esj~ fMse.Rcad and Son. 2, C-rown-court, Old Braste; at the Cc,Epn;a the Mart; and o1 Toplis, Son, an adig 6, St. Pu' hrh-ss Hounslor, Middlesex-.-Freehold villa IResidenices, with large gare and stabling, about one mile fromstho Ralwsay Station. Q1OPLIES. SON, and HARDING, will SELL by JLAUCTIONM, at the Mart, on Thursday, August II, atl pnuctually-, in four lots, by order of the Trustees un.der a Will a FREEHOLD) ESTATE situate co the high B3ath-road ati Hounslow, comojrising a capital detac,hed residence, knownaso BlesbeimHoose-possee ig ever requisite accommodati on for a family of xest-ectabilits-, and has large Pleasure and kitchen garde%ns oach-biouae ind stabling, let to - Knight Es-., at £S0per amum n also Threebanudsome semel-detached Gothic Villa Residences, adjoining the vreocinganddeslgatedx3, bumnem Villas ; each house is judciously asranged, ad-Sn-ched in a superior manner, with large walled gas-den, chaisebouse and stabling. aLnd fit for the immediate occupation of gelnteel famfihes, Mlay hoe viewed tillthbesole, end paticulass-sadof 1yessra. Taylorsud Woodward, 25 Grest,Jsmes-street, Bedford-row'at tho Mjw.ands- Vi Son. and Harding, 16, St. Paul' churcbi-arA. ~ado ols This Day.-Thc important Collection of Works of Art, at the Galleries, in Unive.-sity-street, MIIESSRS; RUSHWORTH and( JARVIS beem to ...anouce that the SALE of the FINAL PORTION o'? the STOCIK of !dessrs. 3irownLe and Co. wil be continued THIS DAY. Cataogues may be had at the Galleries; and of Messrs Rusbworth and Jars-is, Saville-row. Regent-street, and 19. Ohange-alley. Corahmil. Savilie-row.-Modern Furniture large Chimney andPir laes Pianfortes, Piture of Merit, a few lots of Plate and P'late a 9Table, Po.,=!in, C'ut Glams and Miscellaneous Effects, remocfo private residences and the Parteehnicon. M%ESSRS. RtUSHWORTH i:IdJAIYVIS will SELL .2kby AUCTIO N, at their great Rsers. on Tuesday, August 5, and folloinrkg dos-; handsome modern FURNITURIE for the drawing and dining rooms, pianofortes, large pier and chimn ey glasses. book. cases, library tables, B3russels and Tt'nrey ms-pets, Arabian andother bedsteads, seasoned bedding. wardrohe.s chiests of drawers, washstards, several pictures of merit, a few lots of plate and plated ware. ornamental china, table porcelaine. and cut gloss, anid a large variety of useful itemns. To be viewed the da,yprecedingthe sale.and cataloguies bad at the oflices of Messms Rushseorch and Jaceis, Sos-ill-row, Reprent-street. and 19i, Chiange-alley, CorhblIl. Freehold bevestinent, preducing ff93 per amnunu. i%TSSRS. BOND) and SON w%ill SELL by AUCAPLTIO'Nat thoM.Nart. THIIS DAY, July 31. nIh2 fort thfe desirable FREEihOLD PRE2dlSES. 13, Bigh-street. Hoeston, fsr many eascarredei on assa tripedresser's , also, Five capital four-vomed 1;srmd1in-houses situate3 Nes. 1 to 5. Constable-alley. HIgh-sb-eel. Hoxton. 1st to respectable well-Faying tenants, producine a net rental of £93 per annum. May he -viewed by permisson, Particulars and conditions hwl of Messs. Grane. tSon, andL Fesenmes-er, solicitors 33, Bedford-row;: at- the Mast ; aud at the auctioneers' offices, 51, Seymoos-street, Euston-Bquare. Euston-square and Holloway.-Fo nesmn Ar oulon. ThFSSRS. BOND and SONWMl SELb AUCML TION. at the Mdart, THIS DAY, July31atffr aLAE HOLD P'ROPERTY, consisting of three hioue,os t6,an 61. Upper Seymour street, Eusten-squavre, ne.r thTemnsote L ndo and liorthl-Westein Railway, producing a profi etlo 5 e an- lettoweelytennt. podcin aoroitrenalof £6 di. ti-er annum.Maybe vieed y prmision Pis-tcuis-sand conditions had of eror. Gan. on,an Psemeys- slictos,33 Bedford-row; st te Mrt;andat he uctinees' ffies,51,Seyour-street, Euston-' To emall Capitalistat Members of BuildigSceis n tes AuESSRS. BOND and SOIN wilSEL yAC AL TION. at theMa rtTHIS DAY, July ls,a ioI aia private RIEatIENCE, 9. Weedingtonsret Ha-od-tet CsdL con-n, let at £126 per annumi, held for aterm of SO yeses, at r-n rent ; Two Leasehold Houses, Nos S and 9, Uppe_r W elymut-te li tmylboe,hed for aeterm f 60yyears and So reducSEZa net AUreNtao £85 per Tanmes alsoathe oam ofe Sirre ouses, Roberinge Mon .3.sd5ay, fogursrooms ath1 yards, eto toe ligteable weend obrcanies,productn 16 gross reto 11 .pranu,hl forNE GANT a termGS of261i theasPsotmants pEmved rental Roreo ags y be viewedhy crasds catalogueashand onditios_ hsdat the arn; and atother anetioneouthe oftiicers, 5t 0ymur rareet, Eiistrnesaet,oxCaEchne T,aeol s'at,on underthans Dearnors, onpttctors,Wand oth'rs M ESSRS. EVERSFIELD andl HORNE are in- LT structedbyMsr.(ywdanSo to SELL by AUCTION, tteWr,o rdy August 5. ats,in fore1 o oe lotihteranacceptande othefr chares about be yemmaoulyand le),su IV bares.lMaybe vniewedran catalogesha ofin MeIs toys-St. Jand S-trron.iRotherheste pand of the Vausrilleers,d40, peremptarylet Sale.cabl hA ESSES. EVESFIELI) and HrNE Hyel for- ALsrutRed. tO D wSELL by AUCTION,athe ar,o idy m ton th Premdes, FVE wellto-bu ethunifor RuesdENC, being 12 a amsey,tes's-terrAce, inmtedibelpartsson of theVn-haLL-bide road, O e,iat presetoinheand,an thet Cotheroar let torespectabe steantsn, theaswhole producteing wh oenplet G15 pher yeanr,.Held forch6 hearsoe s-ph-e d (rneable byel cuforia £18 ea-s-atr k Maybe . pier-d andgprtiul arsd OhydmofMss. Bhotton, A,?ettfohr, soad-Bottom sroyltors withEm-esscsn-,Teple and the tsam autione,ters0 PnaerFrliamntsreeoft, West.Minster, w and ColEchtanogue. doedypio f3r .W CestyCoy.ad of, Sune.-Leass, of 3a lldntra Residence-ansHusean MR.FRD. GOD WIN wfi SELL by AUCTION, iV ontile Premises, 47,WThonton-hath, enus 20te2fosy, Augus 12,lat EbStRENCIED. 47, Tonon-heath,rlWest Crydno miefmth station Holloway, iadjoining an. Jopen'spohrth,oft the onryhith coadh- hrene,htale, and1 grdmen t hedfr1 s-carons. atnd4 le,d. perd annum A1so,thges Lese fih utre18searsvat prerionusly dsofstedwellingbonean Cym C'RSOp,I8, wlettSoELL byodgen A CroION, withpossssin; a TutesdameAuus tim , the moder Fauabilue of te, vila. ay e ewd, ndm atlo gue adoe dtUprHloay,pie ofbMr.in. W.D Fullr, uctinee 141Hig-steet C roydgeon;13 at t b to xa depth f, Crodon a d o Mr t onwt, 3,e Hadvan-trage,o occuratine-rsqare n 1~/FR FRED. rOthe wraill SEalLreiom by AUCToN,d LVI. ~ ~ ~ u Priuli a on the Prmsspnernay uut2,aIermiees ath wellbul auSDNE No, 2.Thuloombr-square . nhbsyatfrrp ton,holvInngThreemdor ofnbd culohamber, handsome, receti ountroom opeing tese saih ouscoservonatoy los-ge lbary monn and a oyod iousg romns,tandmuablea oLeas,eheld foruv eastmn,Grat£0 gtroundrent; andet at thRsm AItime,L thei captlmoenFrntue.l May bhe Dviseweds1 OmmandnEey, , oBsingoll-Mr.eJolm Dici ig, Thefuasedreto BELLiewe onlyION,theayGrorawotheo sale,sadcatAlogues2 hatd1, indfofurl od-th wiN,E3.INalkindterPoE, I Bei bee-eurfao. u' nth rwo Ulfae-il pperce b h Holloway,-donn t.Jh'hrchd,an in the hihmoad. FreeholdarVillathisidealce, wig;th eynav Groundse ondlgood BuildinogeFrnntaes a witout ressrvtao e,unauta poratermious21 deparswofby s-atpiecntact 1aeala et n o hc h ,-e adacni HoLDagesTATe,n Nons.stin of, Ca stpeyrdr vilarmeslwidnce,r on.lthe hg lgread.. leto the fodusrtmiles stne actuppernHolowa, abdpouttingaupo 408ofret,f andutin additinntomth advatao lo. occupatin peerresentant excell,ent opp 6hotuntyrthe crxePatinofaublaret inomraderby.ground rens ay-viewed,b ev ftetnns and particulars had on the pess;At gas-ca wayso of GMesysrsaDimmoc and Bus-h ney,slCiorsfSfeeolk-lane, CAn. non-street Gee. Lowicto, Req. awrchitret, BChurch-cosurt,Cement's-lante, ciy n fteauctioneer, 42, BBlommbbur-ssuure arxtnd Sop,des-Iswdoirniel ng;oSixeaeodldu Tenments neartnoes thea CaioIn;ant Lheaehoulsdoonvestment, GreuatiPor-tee,Wt iLL . anMEeUtRsRoLMr wohn Duning deeaed AU ToS0LL b AUCION torraways, on uesda, Aug.2, sIltl,ifoss-lOt,th sanGEly Id aoivnd Re IE, ertly situaei h.~~nratd, on ther borow of flibgae-himlenin,o aprgatedaby theHolloway-read, and i the mostnd plvl pr Ofmtibshealtothy villages;theyhave bteenpletso lease thefids-. evergy Penni-1er a mNt.9i e oahg respecta bleean,fr em f2 yeant atwich -willaexpire atd3thechtheras next,eandpforawhic the lssete poveideaceofsi duable pucerremiumxals a house and Shop nearmlyeaoneing;soe Six fo minsptern.hl forla shortln terms, atleow,andould ret, M-.adgbe -y elay e\vewe )by leave ioof thetenants, adphtcfartiuashad at te Angl;, oldso tarraays atelo the Colmn-s Exchang Coffeehouse; of A,e pI msaucti o f. urlLaoneer, 42,.,l2omWhues--squaite. Bnito-rsd-To enoo ad cmmdiusFail Rsienes int oat heeful nd onvnien siuaton, le of Sheppy, lth grand inland and se views, exoellent large garden.and goodprenmnes; a detachedbarm, &c,. and two cottWes andgarden Thewholesituateinthe pasishofwnster, onthelugh zoadtothetownof Sheerness, sbont,SImies distant therefrom, and fromth9sterminusofthepreposedSittingho mne and Sheerres sraway. offering nost secure and elgible prop.-ers3 for investmentoroccup3, tion. Posseson can be had at htibaelmaus next. matirular wihl plans, ray be had at the Mart: at the Iuna at Sheernes T tba CUown Inn, l:ochester; and BUIu, Sittinubourae; of NeuiA hnWge and Hooker, soicitors, 1, St. SwithinAs-lane; of Mr. Edward Hooker, solcitor, Sheernessa and of Meas, Cobb, servesore and land agent, 18. Lincoln's-inn-uelds, and Rochester, Ke rt. Valuable Bowsk, ancient and modern ~Ij.HODGSON will SELL by AUCTION, at his mL. ew Rtooms, the corner of Fleet-street and CbaEwery-lane. THISDAN, Jubl 31, and To-morrow, athalf-pastll, theLIBTRARy of a gentleman, and another collection received from the combns- - comprsing:-In. Follio-Maps of the Society for the Diffusion of Use:o ful Esowledge, 2vols., Cockbus'sPom -ii,later, li-ala, ; Holyxible, 1617 MisHtteri BTblis Y'lyglo`trm,`3 vol1Pe1 ;4ZCapheli's Vitruvrius-Bri. tannlcus, 2 Vola.; the Brit=oni New%ppe. 14 vole. ; the OSadenes' Cbronicle 12l -o; TuOis, Evening ti'yol, unbound, Ac. In Quarto-RBees's Cyclopeia, 4 vets, al-bounu, russia; Grose said -Astle's Astiurziaran Rlegpertory. 4 vols.;- Facclslati Lexicon curS Bailey. 2 vots,, two copies; Gros's Mltary Anti. qulties, 2 vois.; Shakspeare's Hindustamd Grammar aLod Selections, 3 TOle.; Lysons's Environs of London, 5 vols.; ysono's Derby. *hire, Berls, Beds, Bucks, Cumberland, and Cambridgfehe, 4 vole Boys' mitalry~ of Sandwich iRoss's Second Voyag, -reI, keol.Ii Octave, o,-Biegraphle Pus'rerSelsee, ts veSn. Winkle's Brittih Cathes dralS, 3eLs, - Geul's PompeiaLa, 2 vols.; Grangers Biograpical Histor,v of England, 6 vets.; atienal Cyclopr,edia, 12 s-ohs.; Scuit's Noesa, 5 val. *HlBsto of Ecer. 6 vol., two-copies; Browne's (Sir T.P Works, 4 vole. Blore's Monumental Belresns; CanessSWorksSvovis Bsidih ssaysts, 40-soin.; Foxe's Arts and MEonumnents, S s-ohs,; Knight's PitorIal Ehble, 3 vole. H fone's (W,) -Works, 4 s-hs, Barb Dictionpar Hisloriqu e, 16 vole.; L ord Bacon's Works 10 s-ohs.; HAoene on the Scriptudres zS vole.; thedokso Rolllet. Robrton, mPn and ethos-a clsssics,-mathmrs,tc', £e. .A}lu o rn etxc r lbsq9 4O_lQfi - we a -i gaae~1~ SnelsW-Tark 7AdeGselo,D Vo 0 oR BHOLDBUMIDI3VG LILtNit thse:above-- isirtnt frelags ldWn.4 aiid cism to lbae2, 31ARue 151cn IlE LA4.atnate i tThnreh-ad RHozertm, andmrick-.roa, Mcruy -wick, Tanticulars sudlplaeamaynow bebd thofiOdjw Valuable --reebold Building land, ns h ot~ar it -Station. Totterdramr-Vervaupehior Mansion and U acrers 0 esr rns producing on lease £250 per annum,'forwalaor able raeyeriloniry expectancy., R.MAtilA UR YATM n" S Swj 1 uIj6'_,njat to -A-UCTION. at the Mari:To-mo~rrow. Ausgsiit, 3jirhat ,o? Sps. risermodern-built FAaTIY MA~NSION, Planed w0i :,pwar±u Poacrs ef pleeasre grounds, gardeni, &c., anr a IIeable dirtance fr3m shea brigh road. sat Page-green, Tottenharn; "ouiigstlthe~adjmucts of S& sentleersda.estabIlshment, and jety con=sid~red tbhe inrtoomplete reaidenseinthis favonredloca1itY; iswitbmn four mfles of tbe city aneL verynear the ram..y-station,thus p)resenting mast eligible.proeurri forsubiviionin uidinylos o th epiration- of preoent tenauny lasirlas nd iaa t r. athes'oororo Old Jewey. St. To1ufs-w-on,-Loeag Le%seolld Estpt, for. Occupation and lne,st. 1lU.LOMAAX wrill BELL by AtYCTIO LT, at the WitM-art. on Tosaday. August 19, at 12, TWO neat DiW.fLLTNG.. HOUSES, with gardens in front and rear, being Sog. 18 and 15., Hessstridge-place, Ordnanice-read, St. John's-wood: teld for n.term of ?S year unexpired, at a low ground rent; -,prodaciug and of the valuae of;£50periaunum. The prcnmi,tg uy beviewed,and particlulashail at the Ordnance Arm%; of Wessrg. Gray and Bterry. sollcitors,l08, Edgeware-road; at the Wart ; and att Mr. Loninars Oi1hoss 8, Orchazd- tet,ertrean-equare. Hr m irstn"._Demirabe Leasebold Rtesidence, for ?Lnsestm est Tr Occupation. 1IU .LOAMAX will SELL by ALT55O-1O at tae £1I Mart, on Tue,sday, August 19, at 12, a sendi-detaehA. VILLA. with large garden. situate in the Grove, near the High-atreet, SHaiasereroith, sod known as, 25, WoelTure Cottages. It contains nine rooms,s with every cons-enismso for a fesuily, and isbeld on lease for rat unexpired term of 9I y-ersm at a ground e~n't Of £6. and lett s± £2 pet amnunum The Premises maybeviewed. by ticketsIroinsMe. Lma,aand r'articular obtailned at the Castle Inn, Hammnersmrith: of Msr. Gray and Beerys, olisitora l02 Edgeware-road; at the Mart: and atthe auctionecrso-ices 8, orcLrard-tmret, Poeinscn_seuare. Kenshigton.-Leaseliold Irreestmente, suitable to mil capitaljt..s, 1%U.LOMAX will SELL by AUOTION, at the b.U rt,on Tuesday. August 19, at 12, in Sire lots, TEN, brick- bultsve-oomd 110VSES, with neat foro-eoturts, e,-, being Nos. 1., 2,85 6, 7. S. U1, 12, 12, and 14, Orchard-street )follaad-agreet, Hen-- sing-Io" clora to the High-street, Church, and LIdOols. -he Iropesiplibeld On leaseg for UneaPihed tersniof about 87years, at low grouniL rents, adproduces an anual rental orte%120. ayhe viewed bype inision of the csapective tenants, and pacticolars obtained'of Mn,_ Rhury, atN1. 2; at the fuke of Cumbenand, High-street, Xensingto20 and atiTe. Loinesa's oHe, , Orhard-street, P.rtnon-square, No btsrnerlaud-psrkc, TOttenhabnn-AbsotutSaebycdrf h Itortgagems BiI. L0ONAX is instructed to SELL bY AUC-.; a very desirable IEABEEHOLD ESTATE4 beding a pair of semi-iS-- inched villar, with l,arge gardens, the f,urib and ikft Sb Iron the cornerofNortbumberland-park-laue, and close to the eltion of the llortherem amd EastemnEallDway, 'The houses are well built, sand in good tiste, each osDteining airse capitsl resnins, A small entisy is reuirined ta13nisha the Property, which is -held' for an unexpired terma of 94 Lyears, atmnoderate ground rem,ts, and is of the sanaS Talue of £63, May beviewed, and particulars obtained at the 1Rail-ar, Hotel and the Belt and Hare Inn, Tottenham; and in Londoe of Meisnrs. Gray andI Berry. solicitors, 108, Edges-are-zoad; at the Wart; und at me. Lomnax,'or edfices, , Orcm,srd-street, Foxtiman-sqnsre. Mldedrn Furniture, Stock of aChairmnaker,i iicb rrn an i, oy Harness and numerous Effee&s .A ROBERT REID) vil SELL, on Monday - Geor Agusmt 4, Batd 1k preiely,WFUreNT1by including Cssto cahoganyO, Calntleor cnard, cente, fnc, and otuerdtables t2,bokeat, sideoard, cnbe, ad ses ofchars i da ads, qandthicoty Brasljapaned Fnch an othr bdstads clan deddigfsase-hman. kithenreuistes d nmeok.Cusc Services,My beveedoca.ra. and catalogues haraomoandvelet MaE. SRS.ut,-i PICore tE and SON,on Whe Prmses ofbte GergAUCTIOh. onatdee-sreidet are aby dectien tof Same Lath-ha cat,Eat,, Coonleburrdof Inland7,late3. foron,Saturday,LACgiBRI2KSat- 1ng qsaetere of, mnal dust,ongourtonsa ponyWlc buals, cuarti, ofalt-'-, pesm &g thsp e ftent,huseholdnfrnitre an teffecs,a OrdqWer for ots-he1 frniture wil be sol at itpecisely:eater whbeichwte Imhemetsa,(nd,x alt, morn singof3eadn ataeioges 0ad oaln thed cataoguses hof at_ trhesal, ins inth uDeighbotrhoo of plaes- .adJ of.sLinkdotor tioneers,kWars, soeects, 7 f&ze~Eclrbr; u fMs 11ie "dCl Books.Ch Churchl Servcs. e M R. Ws. H. LEWIS hias receivthe s ose 1 SEL LeeLtt on SaCTurda, august 2.r oTurdCay,AgsI ~ t .BNs E' Hisory an vetigibl ecneiz~ardl FrRoaPeaTeY, Dbteis, 91iit Epis:oupal and TiLedali's eony ofiEngatind,1 vets.:a Tpracts, mor the Timbes,5 volrt :1 Foes Matr-tyrsa vOlser Ag7a1sceiltuo Sciety Journal 12 butoa Hotel,~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~t MESSRS. BAICEY atnd CLON will SELL bYyUC StTIOn.aontthursda.ugt,n Tnoaty2fr17.A 50 PL2ACE2'clck5, 29e tlons ouf deisporag aoneby coprang bckrs, L neeubst souss, tltbrildtugil saemialetacand iRonmo ENgEr, a libay poyEbiludees cart, cbaishonun,iic. theMfurnitur. opie h sa requisid-OZ -Co tes , for the 2ea. chaimberos, an itibrngfv rodoms,sa bagatel's board, adWnds chameir,, spectaberpten,andts,satlrnts effecnts, t E pabvesrd anhun day rtic jaandmorndingofs ssle,and ataogeshaa ontheA prenmise; of C. .1 Graham,: EEq., WCoaleran-street ofresha-rewes,t3 and3.of L3nle-lto Pcoand Clork 42, Chanret.erty-lne Freeol DEWscoand EYapeL-L smpriontes a M IR.imW.r H.d FalersT hareistrceied insh Atrctiones to- ,~ Samrt ELL by A.UCTION, at the Mart, ons Ttcdy, August2, 9-at. 1o n Teliy.Agible , eclsasdtica fllPoPETY ( enl riiyEpsoa part35T of thiatrtve ex atersiv RNgpce, Th capl - hich isbithat stolne, is aoustbatiful buiding.cerelent regain.rdesof poinst; Itcontalus ipardsn fchi00 sittopingso,bu is carepawrble o engsMidmbl e-, tlaersmcandata very smallh outlay, there brein, land azjinng secureds witutautview, and Seam pinwellaptedfo theogs eretis of tti pasoagt Printd particulars and cndtalgess,o sale maynbehd atcier,o the,Mr of Messs hade aod SonL, Esq,oliciloassignee, lI).orbury-sqbuxe; o Meeo.= uvirrdno Isads GanruBoy solicitors, 55.01duolJewiry-chambds; n adof lbs auctioneer, 11 , Hartstreet,eBowithoysut re Mais-hlL- esehod iendecc andOies baulrelt of Groude Plasurear Gr__un Urhed.at aGpeper's-ren, edns ldlsx XESSRS HAIE'RYN and SON will SELLLby by flLTIOat at the Mart,nTuesay, DAugsY, atfly 31.latk2 pruesel, prnevoslya disosedp fbypiat otrc, a vootluiableadmot brieirb,ilt emidtce EINE eliibl Hiosed and Seine com10 Hmilteaonmteris~ace, x St.Joh's-oodroad;econtoainn orapwin Eane, dinngrsots, dibrary, wivht be roomics, bdrosilglroom, gandfcmmopiou, beremgreatds frcntarde nd pl'ot, andetrane-hall;1 aextndn in all to about 19fet,l wiretha cach-Il ronm Handpstaeid mewsat rar.bouttei raeesetable basnanr aelet frentsame outn told£'0re0 per annuzy Paxtlensiq lasst Pandcniiosh rofd leadn mayo be han atytNewAucton adt w; of ii. H. enbces ts vlueor bildig- Grpoesthumsipreewt west; rofg Bainle, Toth Prienterso peurchars etbroes for-I Bwuatnkoruptcy. mat MESSRS.ln, iggse ofl'Messnd TEsEL (b,printersn aCo..s citPi2, Aiusetrfand valuters Mare; anotud by thesss Herringees Sof M Pa lmerto StELL byo wCiON, a one thse Premisgrers. rmo-tet tad onerTuesday.eug 19.tandethreefortsith allb ate1.sthn imroemente,t- ,CONtENT o Wanthe exitensies m Plegls FbNIN S ack SHMeNl consdyetos o.iadge framzes, racks,u chasesC-t. 10 ion erees doubtleg crowna Gasandia.:an marhione by order onf th Shore pwri aleegie, tolRs.n tankS. 8-inc toram ne hydalcpeiss,1. glar-ed boa.o, Mnntt ofTL stey pCiping, wetting thegh, gas bee-ttingt, (itwoores, stadin presss ironnsrepos itoy.)e ToMaybew vie.ed at 2,the SaURda nd wtbefdore iarle,ad ctablesoguores,ponth prbinetd acndenGmfDthes nzess, Lawrlence,FOtrs, n as,.thdin M and Bye ibrtrs1,l Jwye arbeec aundifthre aucestioner co BshoyPegtewihot reehld Faily Rsidene, wtheOflioss beautiful Grdes, Pichauro- lEmaretss anoacetble -Offteerscnpevdiing ly aIavlables,clne andt mcostde s0ierablet fRcEEHOLnd ESTATe, landtaxred eeLmoedo and tithe coins- ears gveomid, orchard, tnd padut-Elo,altehr 7H acece,olntarnit, r wih uetibe o lxuintgrwt, elghful stute o Glan'- Auctiots Rooms, egahlielmdlyi foir the Bale iof eye dec:ripsUm of P wTLHousehold luru'ttar oDllections ofPitrsPta BOTO.IR~tel zFe Chy u o Gla.. -X--l u1 natmenta, amii ?Fridayevermng~'mp via~outlhie se7Wdodv hrd~as ,3 SSRS. JO~ Sand ISmue LY,the Inobility, -gentmy, Oxecutosa trvmde, and peblic In Onental thei Aucioim ma5 11,~ IrSA-L o al ndsof HOUS3 to any amount UPon seryt CIAn Of rroT rt, previous to sale, andal m 0, xamr m a au l Ata We of &- anc rien at e dmedes Pictures BARNIS wil SELL by AUCTION, as above Tno-aorraowI1Fday AaAnrrt.andfollowlegday-4jsre rsly the Teinple¶tubens-an Interior.Terbueg-Fr!Ost BmeeneV-ermeue 'View off the Dutch Coas, VamaZervelda ;.Hosne Parr,Wosavermanzi atid_Otberzby- -Toolers Moth vand;rki - cbOr.tab:e - Outsde Etty I P. errnse I -mie 3Bere-bemn Coope -ob - - - Wtt.,_ - n view. Catalocuiaeanaabmg. _WBXiS.mtuyi.d,a6dei on erwysts. scriistsuoflpropertylorpo.lstie and immediate sale,-- 7~; 1,eogent-steeb.-T~o Vannoisseurs. Picture Dealers,and otifm: Impertaa- Coellctiee of It lism'fleisah.'and DokschIrlctrs; liL. GACAwl SL yAUCTIOX, *.s .-..To-morro PiAy w Au us BELL b. Ad UOwlld day, at I ;6s,a Sine CLLEcn-N of talian Therih, iltch and- EssrRsisP TURI, amng wicliili e fond jins er Tane exa3~ai,7t Velartues Ponain Tsishnri:
