DEATHS. On the 29th nilt., at Long Ashtos, in thlecouinty of Somierset, Thomas iliiam Wigan, ilo., Lient.-Colonel in the H.1LI.C.S. On, the l7th inst., at WVooston House, Somnerset,after severe suiffering. cOn Joasiuha, the beloved child of Wim. and Jane Mathews,aged 3 years and?7 months. On the 1S5th inst., Richard Bu3rges Secall, Esq., in the old year ofhis nge. eldest surviving son of the Rev. B. scalE, late v-icur,of Braintree, On the lSth inst, at Som Castle, Ayrshire, Mrs. Somervell, of Hlamilton Farm. 0.% the 16th inst., suddenly, Wiliam Alexander Brander, Fzq., in his 64tb year. On the 18th inst., 'Jr. Charles ChopAin, solicitor, of Finsbury. On the 19th inst.. beloved by aUl who knew her, the wvife of Richard TLhomas. s. of Fen-court, Fenchureh-street. On the 20th inst.. aged 13 maonths tWilliam Wallace, only son of Oliver MitLau.stand, Loq , Leeson-street, Duiblin. On Friday. the 20th inst., at Bedforl Arms, Woburn, Beds, George Atwood, aged 0.-O On the 2-th inst.. at Bryntirion, Andwvch, Anglesey, George Bradley Lune., Esq., solicitor, aged 01. On the 21st i,t., at Brouglh y Ferry, near Dunsee, Madame de Mlontraillant, of Montiellier, in France, nOe Selby. On the 2Est inst., at Bradfield Cottage, Charlotte Anne, widow of the Late Hon. and Rev. Arthur Philp Pereeval., aged 57. On Saturday, the 21st inst. James BRayley Luke, eldest son ofpJames Luke. Esg., 37, L'road-street-buildings. abe~d 27. On the 21st inst., at thoe Palomtbier, near Tours, Maior-General Thouas Peacocke, (.T.S., in the Slot year of his age. On thas21st inst., afterL ashort ilns,at.Newbie-terrace, near Liver.iool, aged 20, Baurbara M1arli, wvife of Robert Wheeler Prestom, Esq., and second driughter of Thxomas Moss Phillip s,Fq., of Penn, in the couastyof Staftordt. On the 224, inst., after a few days' illness, Thiomas Rlobert JamesRag., of the General Poet-office, aged 39. On the 2,24 inst.. at Torguay. Elinabetl,, eldest dlaughter of the late Rev. T. H1. Marshall Victor, of Pontefract. On the 22d irnt * at Sulhara Houise, near Reading, aged 45, Mary, w,ife of the Rev. John Wilder. Fellow of Eton College. On Sasslay, the 224l inst., at 4410, 'West Strand, Charing-cress, Catherine ,Anne, the beloved andI affectiontate wife of H. Memfbury Wakley, Ersq., arid second daughter of the late Frauds Piuknley, Faq., of Whitehall, anti Swansea, Glaruorganshire, deeply andI deservedly lamented. On the 234 inst., at Southamnpinn-street, Strand, Edwin Mfartin Van Butehell, Leg., surgeon, agen 7e.5 On the 2341 inst., at Nou. 6. Hyde-part--street, Hyde-rark, Sophia, the beloved T. ife of Samuel Cohen, Beg., aged 66. On the 24th inst., in Glocester-sireet, Fortman-squiare, Miss- E. B. Crozi er. in her 70th year. On the 24thi inst., at the residence of her son, West Brixton, Surrey, bfrs. M1ason, in the S5th year of her ace.
TO THE EDTTOR OF THE TIS. : Sir,-lThe division-list printed this xaonming contains only 279 names as voting against Mr. Grogan's amendment last night. The tellers, as yo;i are avare, report.ed 282. One of the three whose names sre missin- was Mr. Wilpole. It is thought the division-clerks coucd not believe their eyes when he passed them. If we knew who the other two were, the same explanation would probably apply to their case i am, Sir, yonr obedient servant. M. P. House of Commons, Tuesday 3Iorning. Sir W. CLAY pairedwith Sir J. BAn.Ey in favo=r of-Irr , Fortesene's motion of last evening. Mr. MkSrERs Srnuipaired on Mlonday evening with 91c C. Coo=E
FrcI the lO 0.ZDOlD GAZEITTE of ZTczclay, Ju'tc 24. 1 Tfl,pn ILF.- " Notice is hereby given that Her Majesty will hold a levee at St. Janees' Palace, on Wednesday, the 25th of June xext, at 2 o'clock. The State apartments will not be open for the reception of company coming to Cout until half-past 1 o'clock. BUCKINGHAM PAL CE, JUNE 22. Tbi3 day had audience of Her Majesty, his Royal Mighnessthe Prince Oscar, second snrviving son of His EaJesty the King of Sweden and Norway, attended by the 3aron de Hochschild, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of His Swedish and Norwegian Majesty; To which audience his Royal Highness was introduced by lhe Earl of Clarendon, X.G., Her Majesty's Secretary of :tate for Foreign Affairs, and conducted by Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward Cust, K.C.H., Her Majesty's Master ef the Ceremonies. WHITEITAL, Ju1.s- 23. The Queen has been pleased to direct letters patent to be pssed under the Great Seal, granting the dignity of a Baron of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland unto Btear-Admiral Sir E-dmund Lyons, Bart., G.C.B., by the msme, style, and title of Baron Lyons of Christchuroh, in the county of Southampton, and to the heirs male of his Ibody lawfully begotten. The Queen has also been pleased to direct letters patent t) be passed under the Great Seal, granting the dignity of -Baronet of the 'United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland unto Sir Baldwin Wake Walker, of Oakley-house, in the county of Suffoll, K.C.B., Captain in and Surveyor of Her 3Majesty's navy, and to the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten. ST. JAMES'S PALACE, Jr,En21. The Qneen has been pleased,on thenomination of theRight Ron. Lord Foley, to appoint BenjaininlRemington Williams, Esq., late of the BeDgal Horse Artillery, one of Her Majesty's Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Armi, vice Grange, retired. ADMIRALTY, JUNE 24. In reference to the announcement contained in the Loni7ca GCcette of the 22d of January, 156, that the Lords Commissioners of the Admilralty would proceed within three months from that :ate to adjudicate upon the claim preferred by Dr. James Rae. under the third paragraph of their proclamation of the 7th of March, 150, by which the sum of lO,OCft. wvas offered to any party or Parties, who, in the judgment of the Board of Admiralty, should first succeed in ascertaining the fate of the expedition under the command of Sir John Franklin, and that all persons who by virtue of such proclamation deemed themselves entitled to the whole or any part of the reward in question, must prefer their claim within such time- The lords Commissioners of the Admiralty hereby declare that they bave duly considered all claims preferred by persons deeming themselves entitled under such proclamaation to the said rewards therein specified, and have determined Dr. James Rae to be entitled. on behalf of himself and comnpanions in his expedition, to the rewvard of 10,CCO1. under the terms of the third paragraph of such proclaxnation as aforesaid. BOARD OF TRADE. The Cowmmittee of the Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Vice-Consul at Galatz, reporting a reduction at Ibraila on the export duty on grain-viz., WVhc at, ls. 6d. perquarter; Indian corn, 9.1. per quarter; barley, 4Qd. per ouarter. The cominittee have also received a copy of i despat-ch from Her Mlajesty's Ambassador at Paris, enclosing a copy of a decree reducia" the excport duty on cotton-seed cake to 50 centimes per 100'ldilograsnmes. The committee have also received a copy of a despatch from Her MIajesty's Ambassador at Paris, encosing a copy of a decree fixing the duties on raw wools imported by the land frontier into Algeria from iMorocco nd Tunis, at the same rates assimilarproductsimported by sea under the French flag from countries out of Europe. THE LIVERPOOL PILOT COMMITTEE. I By an ozder in Council, dated June the 24th inst., Her Xajesty has been pleased to approe ' certain by-laws subsnitted for her consent by the Liverpool Pilot Comnmnittee, for the licensing anid governing of the pilots under their jurisdiction, which by-laws are set out in the consent of Her Majesty. I WAR DEPARTMEENT, PALL-StALL, JLT'i. 24. 51 Rtegiment of Dragoon-s-lornet Macdonald Hal to be Lieut., by Iurchase, vice iFtzgerald, promoted. 7th Light Dragoons.-Litut. James Aytouu, tobe Capt., by purchase. Tice Trenerry, who retires. 11th Light Dragoons.-Cornet Robert Arthur Brooke to be Lieut., by Durchasc, vice Potts, who retires. Royal Regiment of Artillery.-Brevet-Col. Piercy Benn to be CoL., -rice Andrerv who retires upon fanl pay: Capt. George Graydon to be Lient.-Col., vice Benr: Capt. Georgo Colcloogh. from the supernumsacy list, to be Capt, vice Graydon; Staff-Serg. George Grant to be (urteraste nd Cenuuissary. 2d Foot.-Ensiga Frasci- John Jessop to be Lieut.. by pDurchase, vice Behild, whoretires; Henry Xchalaz, gent., to le Ensign, bypurchase, vice Jessop. 5th Foot.-Lient. Edward James Tyler, from the Monmouth 3ilitia. Io be Ensign, without purchase, vice Longfield, appointed to the 5th Yoot. ath Foot.-lienit. Richardl WiV. Woods to be Capt., without pur chase, .ice Cruster. deceased; Capt. the eon. Lucius W. C. A. F. Cary, fromn the 2Tth Foot. to be Capt., vice Campbell, 'who exchangeg: Ensimn Frederick Andersen Stebbmng to be Lient., without purchase. sice WVoods; EnsignForsterlonglield, from the 5th Foot. to beEndig, without purchase, vice Stebbing. 2ld Foot.-Capt. Sir George A. Robinson, Bart., to be Instructor of 1fusketry. 27th Foot-Capt. John Ball Campbell, fromtheSith Foot, tobe Capt., sTce the Hon. L. W. C. A. F. Cary, w-ho exchanges. 3I1 Foot.-Lieut. Jobn Tharp Clarke, from half-pay 3d Foot. to be ,i eut., vice Sibley, appointedFayrnaster 4th Foot; Lieut. Johu Tharp Clarke has been permitted to retire from the service by the sale of his commiss;o . 36th Foot.-Cant. Ralph Edward Carr, from the 3lth Foot, to be Capt., vice Ord. who exchanges. 3Zth Foot.-Capt. Augusts WVilliam Ord, from the 36th Foot, to be -Capt., vice Carr, who exchanges. 40th Foot.-Lieut. Thomas BahieyRichards t- be Adj., viceBleckle, -who resigns 'he Adjutancy only. 52dFoot.-Ensign George Cruden Fraer to be Lieut., without purchase; Lieut. WilEam Owen, from the Monmouth Mlitia, to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Fraser. 54th Foot.-Avrist.-Surg. William Armstrong, from the Staff, to be Alsist.-Snrg.. vice Firth, deceased. 11thFoot.-Ensign James John Osmer to be Lieut., by purchase. %ice Gilbome, -ho retires; Pearson Thomas Beames, gent., to be Ensign, by purchaee, vice Osnier. 79th Foot. -Lieut. David Cant to be Playmaster, vice Comes, who rer tres upon half-pay. Slat Foot.-The promotion of Ensign Daniel Weir to a Lieutenancy, by purchase, on the 1-.h of April, has been cancelled. Zd FDoot.-The appointment of Mdr. Jamea Thomson to anEnsigney by purchase, on the lth of iJanuary, 1816, was vice lion. ArthurAnnesley promoted, and not vice Hay, promoted, as previously stated. 95th Foot.-Capt. James Henley has been pD-rmitted to retire upon fall pay. %7th Foot.-Ensign Fleming Smythe has been permittec to resign his comnisrniun. BRITISH GERMA-N LEGION. 4th Li-fat Infantry.-The first Cbristiar name of Quartermaster 3)rake ishEd vard, and not Edmund, as previously stated. 1UNATTACHED. lieut. John Warden McFarlan, from the 47th Foot, to be Capt., by 1urchase, vice G. S. Robertson. Lieut. Godfrey Clerk, from the Cape Mounted ithilemen, to be Capt., by purchase, vice C. Hf. Montresor Snuth. Brevet-Major Godfrey William Hugh Massy. 12th Foot, to have his Birevet rauk converted into substantive rank. under the Rloyal warrnat sif the 5th of October, 1854. HOSPITAL STArFF. The undeernentioned officers have ceased to do duty, there 3being no longer occasion for their services Acting Assist.-Surg. William Leishman, .LD. Acting Assist.-Stirg. William Batley. Acting Asaist.-Surg,. Henry Richard Percy. B3REVET. Uleut.-Col. Henry AtwvcU Lake, C.B., of the Madras Engineers, to be Aide-dc-Camp to the Q reen. wizth the rank of Colonel in the army 'apSt. J.ames Henley. rethied fell pay of the th.Foot, to be Slajor in the army, the rang being honorary orly. raymaster Charles South, on halt pay of the i2Gth Foot, to be Major 5n the army. the rank being honorary only. The recond Christian name of Brevet-Maior G'illunn ast Foot. promooted ybrevet on the 6th of June, 1856, i,"James," and not " H," as zirerionsly stated. The undermentioned promotions and alterations of rank to take pklce in the East India Company's, army, consequent on the decease of Major-Gen. Sir Villiam henry Sleeman, K.C.B., Bengal Infantry, the 10th of Febriary, and MajorGeneral John Drinkw-ater Syers, Bengal Infantry, the 15th Df M.y, 156:-36 To be MIAJOR-GENITMAIZ. CoL Joseph Bash, C.B., Bengal Infantry. Col. James Alexander, C.B., Bengal Artillery. Alterations of Rank. 3Wajor-Gen. P. Budd to rank from the 10'h of Febrnary, 1c^S. 3'dajor-Gen. G. licks, C.B., from 15th Febnmrry, 116. 3Isajor Gmn. Hr. F. Caley, from 1ith March, 156. 3lajor-Gen. HL Dick, from 2d April, 1816. The undermentioned officers of the East India Company's service, retired upon full pay, to have a step of honorary rank, as follolvs:- To be 7%AJOR-GEN-EFAL. Col. Hemy Tod Tucker, CB., Bengal Infantry. To be COLONELS. lieut,Col. John Cooper. Bombay Infantry. Iicut.-Col. Anthony Blake Rathbone, Bombcay Inf_rtry. To be LIEUTENANT-COLONEL. Mdajor Robert Henry Seale, Bengal Infantry. To be MAJOrt. Capt. Robcert Wilberforsc Bird, Bengal Infantry. 'The follosing promotions to take place consequent on the ileath of Lieut.-Gen. Alexander Macdonald, C.B., Royal Artillery : Iajor-Gen. Edward Charles Whinyates, C.3., to be Lieut.-Gcen. Sifajor-Gen. Sir Richarn James Dacre.,;, KC.B., the seniior super'Mumerary,. to be placed upon the fixed establishmsent. 'ol. Robert Adlrews, retired full pay, Royal Artillery, to be MajorlIen., the rank being honorary only., The followving promotions to take place consequent on the ideaths of Generals George Wright and John Francis Birch, D,f the Royal Engineers - Vajor-Gecn Sir larry David Jones, RhCB at prevent sropernumerary fob leplaced upon the fixedI eti; hment, in the vacancy Pccasionecl by Gen. 'Wright's decease. Cel. Sir William G Reid C.B to be Major-Gea. in the vacancy oDccasioned by Gen. Inrchbs deceas-e. MEMORAN'DA. huastermaster Join Mingay, on half-pay of the l2d Foot, hsa been -permitted to resign his- commission. Cap.U S. Robertson On half-paY Royal Artillery, Ins been permitted to retire from the service by the sale of his commission, he )being aboutto become a settler in India. Capt. C. H. 3fontresor Smith, on half-pay 66th Foo', has been per mitted to retire from the eervice by the este of his commn5sir_reo he X,eing about to become a settler in New Zealand _-. COMMISSIONS S;igned by the Lo;PD -LixUxSAT of the County of WoacRCES. <bneen's Own Regiment of Worcestershire Yeomanry Cavalry.- Ctsina 8ir John S. Paki3ngten, Bait., M.P., to beAMajor, vice M1artin resijnec ; ieut John S. paklngton. to be Capt.- vice Capt. Sir John S. lakintD, Bart., H.P., promoted; Comet Cameron Galton, to be LTent., vie Pacington, pronroted; Henry Pideockc, Ear., to be omrnet. v-.Aq$nliOn, promoted; Lieut. Johu Harward, to be Capt., wice licjkman. deceased; Comet Hemny Hickman. to be Lieit., vice larward, promoted- Walter D. Blunt. gent, to be Comet, vica -ilame, nr-siu; Vt$i v ; iZ 4w W. ajwood, to be Iheut., Tice XRut, _sf atted h 1SM- Cenist Chs,rles Michael Baemngton, to be Le'i-f a Stoue, resigned; Cornet E, C. Budge. to be Lieut., vice Gist. leigned; James K;err Moil]ietlt, gent, to be Cornet. i-ira I,yovpromoted;- Cornet rEderick Smith. to be Lient., *ice Hunt. : Pynson Wihot Bennitt, gent., to be Cornet, ;ie e Smith, preenoted; CharlesFreeman Maiden, Eiaq., to he Sinrg., vieRiclkette, resigned; Abraham Hoekias, Ec., to be Asslt.-Surg., vice Walsh, resigned: the Bev. Thomas Legh Claugton, to bve Chap,lain, vice the }Hon. cnd Rev. W. T. Taibot, resigned. By the Los.D-LiuTrwAiT of the West Riding of the County of Yorm and of the City and County of the City of Yorx. Hursar Regiment of Yorkshire (West Riding) Yeomamn Cavalry.- Lieut.William Henry Harrlson. to be Capt.. vice Morritt. resigned i Cornetthe RightHon. Francis Thomas De Grey, Earl Cowper. to be Lieut, vice Hlarrison. promoted; Sir George Orby Wombwell, Bart., to be Cornet, vice the Earl Cowper. promoted. By the LoiD-LR yriTqk-T of the East Riding of the County of Yor.F, and the Borough of KnGsTsorr-UyroN;-RULT, lEat York Regiment of Militia.-Adjt. Richard William Cradock, to serve with the rankof Capt. By the LoRD-TIEuTERAN-T of the County of CoFs.WAxr.. 2d Cornwall Rifles.-John George Cooke llate of Her Majesty'S 53d Regiment of Foot) tobe Ensign, iice Willyams, resigned. By the Lonr0 LrEvT.%4NT of the County of Mo.asroaric Royal Monmouthshire Light Infantry Regiment of Militla.-Jobn, 7anmoister, gent., to be Ensign. By the LoRnI-LrEuTyAsr of the County PALArr%7E or LARcASFrt 5th Regiment of Royal LancasbIre lilitia.-Edward Middleton, gent., to be Ensign, vlee De Visme. resigned: Wiliam Edmonstone Lendrick, gent., to e Ensdgn, vice Rawflusi resigned. The folowing appointment Is substituted for that which appeared In the * Gazette' of Tuesday, the 10th of June inst.:- By the Loau-LiEvTm;.isrT of the West Riding of the County of YORK, and of the City and County of the City of YORK. 3dRegiment (Light Infantry) of 'West York 'Militia.-Joe Drury B.ttomley. gent., to be Ensign, vice Landau, promoted. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVEDt E. Stockton and Co., Bimnighagm. e wellers; as far as regards E. Stockton-Fowkeo,lWoodhead, andfCo, Lthurcb.Derbysbire,ironfounders-Lewis, EBrbers, Chaster. ioinerss-Brough and Bent. Manchester, coachbulders-V. and H. Binder, Orsell, Essex, builders-Nicholson and Camm, Shefflield, steel manufacturers- tatteld and Oxley. Canterbury-terrace, kersford-street, tailors-C. Cockinan and H. Windmil, George-street, Portnan-square saddlers-Darlaston and Co., Birninghama, gunlock makers-H. G. Trend and C. S. Smith, Crowand atnd Eye, LincolnEbire, surgeons-Burgess aad Davies, mnchester, fent merehants-BE and R. J. Nasb, Otford, Kent, millersBilings and Phillips, Balsal-heath, near Birmingham,brassfounders asfar asregardsE B, 1.inUg-PatersonandMiegsitt, Kingston-uponHull, lithographem-Bigrigg Iron Ore Company, Whitehaven: as far as regards W. Corrn.ick-H. H. Campbell and W. Acott, LNvickenhanm, sch oolmastsrs-Walker, Bestvick. and. Co , Salford, braiid manufacturers-Yates rnd WVriht, Stafford, grocers-James and Hardy, Leeds, Thitesmiths- Gartaide, ard Co., Liverpool rwool brokers-H. ad T. Eady, Red Lion-street, Clerken;seD. m.anufacturing goldsmiths -A. Patten aud Co., Greenock, sugar refiners; as far as regards H. T. l'atten, DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDEN'DS. H. CottTnau, Sandgatc, grocer-second div. of 2d., any Wcdoesdav at 3r. Wbitmore's, Basinghall-street. T. Main, late of King-street. Southwark-brldge-road, and AlbertEtieet, lValworth, rrunting machine manufacturer-first div. of la. 3d, any Wednesday, at Mr. Wbitmore's, Basinghall-street. t. Clark, Liverpool, miler-first div. of lOs., any Wednesday, at Mlr. Turnerfs, LiverpooL J. HI. .SuttaU, Liverpool, commission merchant-third div. of 6d, any Wednesday. at Mr.Turner's, Liverpool. J. .Yevisome, Dewabury. wcooen manufacturer-first div. of 5s, any Friday. at .Mr. Hope's, Leeds S. Amer, Bradfonl, grocer-first di,. of 3s.. any day, at Mr. Hope's, J. Wailes, Dewsbury, scribbling miller-first div. of ld., any day, at Mr. Hope's. Leeds. J. and H. R. Halsted, Bradford and Wakefield, woolstaplerisecond div. of al.l, and first and second divs. of 3. lld. on new proofs, any dav, at Mr. Hope's, Leeds. B, Renrick, Frampton, Lincolnshire, shipowner-first div. of Ss., on Monday next, and two following Mondays, at Mr. Harris's, Nottingham. BANKRUTTCY ANNULLED. George Reed, High-street, Saioreditch, corn dealer. BANIUtTS. Chanon Searle. Warwick-street, Pimtico. baker, to surrender July 3, at 12 oclock. August 14, at 11. at the Bankrupts' Court: sollcitors. Messrs. iUleary, Fenchurch-bu'dings- official assignee, hr. Bel, Coleman-street-buildings, Moorgate-street. Thomas AlfredYoung, 1iastings, hotel keeper. July 3, at half-past 11 o'clock August 14, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: .olcitor, Mr. D&wson. Upper'Charles-street, Westminster; official assignee, Mr. Bell. Colernan-street-buildings. George West. Eythorue, FR>ent, grocer. Jel. 3, at half-past 12 o'clock, Aurust 14, at half- past 11, .at the Bank1ruDts Court: soLictors, MIessrs. LinFlaters and Hackv oed, Sise-lane; oficial assignee, Mfr. Johnson, Baelr,bali-street. 'William Copeland Strange, Hentey-on-Tbaues. bricklayer. July 8, at half-past 1 o'clock. ugust 6, at I, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, hlessrs. Surr and Gribble, Abchlurch-lane; official assignee, Mfr. Stansfeld,. James Bentall, Great Bentley.l ;ese, grocer, July S. atl1 o'clock, AugustS,at12.,atthe Bankrupts' Cout: solicitors, essrs. tRixon. Son, and Anton, Cannon.street; Mfr. Pisilboick, Coichester; otticial assignee. Mfr. Graham. Thomnas GeorgeWYatts, 3anor-terrace, Cl apham, coal merchant, July 3. at 11 o'clock, Augulst 1, at 1. at the Bankrupts' Court:- solicitor. Mlr. Shephard, CliffordsE-tn ; official assignee, Mr. WVhitmore, Basing. bali-street. Samuel Bennett, Wellington-place. Camberwell, tailor, July 5, at 2 o'clock, August31, at half-past 12, atthe Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Messrs Fraser and hMay. Dean-street. Soho; official assignee, Mr. Nicholson, Basinghali.street. Thomas Truman, Pontypridd, Glamorganshire, ironmonger. July 7, August 5, atll o'clock at the Bristol District Court of Paukrtptcy: solicitors, Messrs. Leonard, Bristol; ofscial assignee, Mr. Acraman, Bristol. DIVIDENDS. July 15, . W. H. Brown, Little Bowvden, Northamptonshire, dealer, in horses.-July 15, H. M. Marley and F. Reynolds, Old Broad street. silkmen.-July 15, 'W. Gascoine, Hitchin, bu'cber.-July 15, W. H, Dean, Fleet-street, auctioneer.-July 15, J. Brake, jun, Middleton, Northamptonshire, coal merchant.-July 15, W. T. Curtis, Gre-at St. Helens, xnerchant.-July 15, W. Schenk. Royal Exchange-buildings and elsewhere. merchant.-July 16, W. S. WhVite, Handsiortb, Statfordshire, chYmist-July 29, J. Haywood, Derby. iron-founder.-July 29, W. Rigood, Leicester. merchant.-July 15, J. Rushton, Carlisle, plasterer.-Jlly 17, S. M. and N. S. Lotinga, Newcastle-upon-uyne and North Shields, merchants.-July 16, W. N. Monies, Liverpol, spirit merchant. CERTIFICATES to be granted, unless cause be shown to the con- trary on the day of mceting. July 17, R. J. Polglase, Borough-road and Jupps-terrace. Commer. cial-roadeast. mi'dsmright.-Jnlyl 7J. Buey,Addle-street.Wood-street, wvarehouseman,-July 17, R D. Cooper, Bawd,cy, tiuffolk, grocer.- Judy 16, W. Ford, Clipping Lambourne, Berkshire, innkeeper-July 16, J. C. Johns, late of king William-street, city, and Michleham, Surrey, commission agent.-Jully 16, J. Brake, jun., Middleton, coal merchant.-Julyl5, J. La. Dartford, iai0r.-July 25. M Lasker and G. Bitter, Nlw BasinghaU. street, merchar.tse-July 15, Ih l, Hure, Albany-street, Regent's Park, cool.-July 5, B, S Ryder, Goughstreet north, paper-sitaner.-July 17, J. Best. South Shieldls sptrit merchant.- July 17. W. Blackburne. Biverpool. tailor.-Jniy 17, J. Saudi. ford, Hiackley. drsper.-July 29, WY. Fry-er, NXottingham, holesale dvraper.-July 29, G. Philllpron, Stamford, v.ine merchant. SCOTCH1 SEQUJESTRATION. Ift. Gow,. Glasgow., muslin manufacturer, July 3, at 2 o'clockc, at the Globe Hotel, Glasgow-.
SOUND DUES. qp T-r(,iTT.qT?. Al., dlAlkTkTr%lk?Q The committee met yesterday, in Room No. 17, Mr. VnILIRs in the chair. Mr. T. R. Arnott, merchant and shipowner, of Liverpool, and member of tho Chamber of Commerce, read to the committee the substance of two merrorials presented by the chamber to the Government in 1853 and 1855, praying for the abolition of the Sound dues. The subject had been very much discussed with regard to the general interests of tsade, and it was felt that the dues vere a great injury to the increasing trade with the Baltic. There was not a very large trade between Liverpool and the Baltic, but the salt trade between those places was more especially affected by the dues. As far as he had been able to ascertain, the payments by Great Britain to Denmark forthe Sound dues might be estimated at 100,0001. to 1:.0,0001. annually, and there was no reason to believe there was any decline in the Baltic trade from England. By Mr. 31TCHIE7-He believed it was required that a ship should produce a certificate of having paid the Sound dues before she would be allowed to clear her caTgo at a Prussian port; this was certainly the case with regard to Russian ports. M-r. T. Higgins, salt manufacturer and exporter, said he had been asked to give evidence before the committee on behalf of the salt trade of Cheshire, to complain of the operation of the Sound dues. The dues were fixed in 1615 at 24 stivers per last (or about two tons English), and taking that value as a standard the duty was levied at 1 per cent., but at the present value it would amount to 12 per cent., being Is. 2d. to ls. 7d. per ton. Since witness had been in business he did not think the export of salt from Liverpool had increased (he referred to the last 10 years), but if the Sound dues were removed no doubt it would do so, as the amount of ls. 7d. per ton saved on the dues would carry the salt fuither into the interior of the country, and enable the English merchant to sell a much larger ouantity. No less than 100,000 tons of salt were annually exported from England to the Baltic, and the Sound dues charged upon this one article would not be less than 6,0001. The freight varied according to the time of year and the port, but to St. Petersburg at the present time it Mwas 1s. The price of salt at Idverpool was 10s., and at Hull 1Ts By Mr. DISRAEI.I.-The salt from witness's vworks passed dow;n the river WVea.ver, and bad to pay the river dues of ls. a-ton, almost as much as the Sound dues. In return for this charge the trustees of the Weaver navigation keDt it in repair, but this only involved an expense of 20,0001., while the dues produced 50,0001. Mr. Allhusen, merchant, &c., at Newcastle, and a member of the Chamber of Comnmerce, believed that the trade from the east coast of England to the Baltic had increased of late years. The question of the payment of the Sound dues hlad excited considerable interest in Newcastle, and the result of the deliberations of the Chamber of Commerce was embodied in a resolution which he would read to the committee. The effect of it was a complaint of the detention of the shipping at Elsinore, and objecting to the dues as a passing toll, and recommending that the dues should be paid in a different manner. Witness was of opinion that the total charge upon the shipping interest of this country would amount to 200,0001., instead of the actual sum paid to the Danish Government of 75,0001. This arose from the loss of time at Elsinore, and expenses arising out of it. He was aware that a proposition had been made to the Russian Government to allow the Sound dues to be paid at Russian porti, but this proposition had been refused. Mr. John Ormston, a shipowner, at Newcastle, said, he had been in the habit of trading -with the Baltic, and was consequentlywell aware of the objections to the Sound dues. He perfectly agreed with preceding witnesses as to the danger and expense of tlle detention at Elsinore. In fine weatber it took three or four hours for the captain to go ashore with his papers. It had been lately the custom for a boat to bo sent off from the shore, but this was not done in bad weather without the payment of an extra charge for special service. He felt quite certain that not one-fourth part of the charges at Elsinore went into the coffers of the Danish Government. The removal of the Sound dues would not be a greater benefit to other nations tharn it would be to England, and he had no apprehension that the tonmage of British vessels in the Baltic would decline. In fact, ships of larger size were now being built for the trade. In the opinion of the shipowners of Newcastle, the Sound dues snould be abolished iat once, in preference to making any annual payment. Mr. Mlichael Havelock, member of the Newcastle Chamber of Commerce, said he entertained generally the same opinion as precedmg witnesses with regard to the Solund dues; and at the conciusion of his evidence the committee adjourned until Friday, at 1 o'clock.
TO THE EDITORB OF THE TIMBS. Sir,-Permnit me tlrough the col;umns of your wide-spread journal to announce to the public the grateful acknowledgments of the invalids here of the handsome ,manner in which they have responded to tne Rev. Mr. Green's letter, which appeared in Tlte Timers of the 2d inst. Not only the London papers, but boooks and periodicals are forwarded daily. It is truly gratifying to see them attend here, instead of the publichouses, to write their letters and read ethoprcg yo. will insert this, onx the.part of the invalids, I am. Sir. VOur most obedient servant. 'IPITAMAq 9TTT.T.TVAN Late Sergeant 38th Regiment, ind Librarian Invalid Depot, Bt, Mauy's Barrack;, Chatham. Reading-Toom, June 23.
rAJI,AfE2TARY INTELLLGENZE. HOUSE OF- LORDS,-- TuzsDy, Jmm 24. - Their lordsbips met at 5 o'clockc DIVORCE AND UNTRIXONIAL CAUSES BaIL Lord LYNDRUrRST laid upon the table the report of the Select Committee on the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill, and gave notice that on Thursday lie would move tbat the report be referred to a committee of the whole House. The Duko of RICHMOND presented a petition from -Elgin against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill, aud several petitions from other places in its favour. JOINT-STOCK COIPANIES BILL. The lIouse went into committee upon this bill. Lord CAMPBELL hoped the bill would be found to act as beneficialy as was expected by some persons, although he still entertained doubts upon that point. Upon the second clause, Lord OVERSTONE reiterated his objections to the bill, but in so lowv a tone that scarcely any of his observations reached the gallery. The noble lord commented upon the exeroption of bankig and insurance companies from the operatiou of the bill, and asked the President of the Board of Trade to state the meaning he attached to this clanse, and also what were the classes of companies to be hereafter endowed with the privilege of limited liability, and what were to be excluded from the priniple. Lord STANLEY of ALD1RLEY replied that banking companies were excepted from the operation of the JointStock Companies Act, which t'he present measure was intended to amend, and he did not propose to make any alteration in this particular. Up to this momeret no difficulty had been experienced by the absence of a definition as- to what constituted a banking company, and he saw no reason to apprehend why greater difficulty ehould now be experienlced in courts of law in making this definition. Lord 2MONTEAGLE said, the real question was whether the present bill did not introduce a practical difference in the relative position of a banking company as compared with what that position was under the present law. His noble friend had alluded to a company from whoseR advertisements it appeared clearly that their operations were practicaly banking operations, and yet this company proposed to take advantage of the limited liabiltty provisions. The LORD CHANCELLOR remarked that in cases where a definition was necessary there was always a difficulty, and if you were to wait for a clear definition before you proceeded to legislate you wvould soon come to a dead-lock. The Duke of ARGYLL, referring to an attack made upon him by the noble lord (Overstone) for wbat had fallen from him upon this bill on a previous evening, denied that the arguments he had then advanced had been brought forward in a spirit of levity. Those arguments were, he contended, strictly logical, and he was ready to repeat them. The noble lord ad frequently admitted that there was no reason whatever why an individual should not bargain as to the degree of liability which he would incur in any matter of business, and the whole question now was whether you should enable persons to malke that bargain more easily than they did before. On the other hand, how^ ever, the noble lord declared that persons should be liable "to the utmost extent" for all their liabilities. Now, he (the Duke of Argvll) admitted that persons must be responsible to the etent to which they bargained to be responsible, but beyond that he did not think the Government had any right to bind them. The clause was then agreed to, as were clauses up to 17. On clause 18, Lord OVERSTONE appealed to the Governmentw hether it were the proper course for Parliament to pursue to say that they would do nothing for the just protection of the public, but that every man was endowed with some amount of discretion, and that he must take care of himself, and guard himself from the pitfalls which surrounded him. After referring to Lord Aslihburton's description of what had occurred in 1825, the noble lord contended that similar results might be anticipated if the House persisted in sanctioning this measure; and he -warned their lord. ships that when the crisis arrived-as it might do even in a more exaggerated form than then-it was not the imprudent, the rash, and the foolish only who would suffer; but that theinnocent, and even the careful, would be necessarily drawn into a vortex from which they could not escape. Lord STANLEY of ALDERLEY said that the account which the noble lord had read of the occurrences of 1825 was truly descriptive of the evils of excessive speculation; but he begged to remind their lordships that all those evils existed under the present law; and it proved that the paternal system of legislation which the noble lord recom mended wvas not the wvsest that could be adopted; but that. instead of treating the whole public as children who could not take care of themselves, it was better to leave these matters to the judgment of the public, who would then act like grown up sensible men, and would not be deluded by the false security supposed to be imposed by a number of fallacious restrictions which did no good, but, as he believed, encouraged and created the frauds which they were supposed to prevent. (Hear, hear.) The principle of limited liability was no new one; it had been conceded already by three successive Parliaments, and he called upon their lordships now to make the proposed attempt, and not to be deterred by descriptions of results which had accrued from rash and desperate speculation. (Hear, hear.) The clause was then agreed to. The remaining clauses were then agreed to and the House resumed. FACTORIES BILL. Their lordships went into committee on this bill, The Earl of SHAFTESBUJRY, remarking that the terms of the bill were doubtful on the point, asked whether it was intended to continue to males above 1S years of age the same protection which they enjoyed under the existing act ? He thoughtthat the vague and indefinite manner in which horizontal machinery was mentioned would lead to confusion and dispute. It would be far better to intrv duc- ords to the effect that all such machinery, should ba not less than seven feet from the floor. The Earl of DERBY observed that the bill did rnot touch machinery at alL Its sole object was to place mill-gearing on the same footing as machinery. In many of the older factories a large portion of the horizontal machinery was at a less height than seven feet from tne floor, and yet it was perfectly secure. He did not think, therefore, that there was any necessity for enacting that such machinery should in all cases be seven feet from the floor, and he might remind their lordships that the words in the bill relating to horizontalshaftingwere introduced aftermature deliberation, and with the sanction and approval of the Home Secretary. The bill would not deprive male adults of any real protection which they enjoyed under the present act. The effect of the bill as a whole wles, that it relieved the manufacturer from fencng that portion of his gearing which young persons were not liable to approach,, and which the inspector had not declared to be dangerous; while, on the other hand, it extended to mill gearing the penalties for non-compliance with the act which now applied to machinery only. It also gave to workmen the liberty of bringing an action for any accident caused by the gearing or machinery, and it provided that penalties mig ht be inflicted for non-compliance with the act, whether an accident occurred or not. The various clauses were then agreed to, and the bill was reported to the House. POLICE (COUITIES AND BOROUGHS) BILL. On the question that this bill be reported, The Earl of POWVIS moved an amendment, with the view of enabling courts of quarter sessions to appoint conimittees, composed of magistrates, who should have power to investigate complaints against chief constables, andto suspend such constables until the next ensuing quarter sessions. After a few words from Lord WnoTTrxss1y, Lord PANMURE said that, although courts of quarter sessions might, without inconvenience, appoint committees to investigate the accounts connected withthe police force, he thought tbe delegation to such committees of the power of inquiring into the acts of chief constables and of interfering with their administration wuld be most objectionable, The amendment was negatived -without a division, and the report was received. SLEEPING STATUTES BILL. EerlFORTESCUE, in moving the second reading of this bill, observed that the statutes with which it proposed to deal were 120 in number, extending over P. period of about 500 years-from the 13th of Edward I. to the 17th of George III. A cursory view of the titles of those statutes would, he was sure, satisfy their lordships that they ought not at this time to form part oE the law of England. Those statutes had been condemned by the Statute P,aw Commission, and this bill had, he believed, passed the other House without a word of dissent from any quarter. There was this danger attending these obsolete laws,that, although they m3ght be permitted for a long time to slumnbes, they could at any period be called into perniciouS activity. On these gro unds he begged to move the second reading of the L ord CAM lPBEL,L observed that, strictly speakin,o statute ever became obsolete while it remained unrepesled;but by the civil law any law that had fallen into desuetude lost all force and became extinct. This bill w ould help to purge the statute-book from a mass of exerescent legislation, and the noble lord was entitled to the thanks of the public for introducing it. The LORD CHANCELLOR said that a noble lord having asked him whether he intended to propose that this bill should be referred to a select committee, he had replied in the negative; and for this reason, that the measure had already undergone the full consideration of the Statute Law Commissioners, in order that it might have been introduced with several other bills which they had in preparation, and which would, he hoped, be ready to be md on the table before the end of the session. The object of the commissioners had been to discover all those effete enactments which were a disgrace to our statute-book-, with a view to their repeal; but it was necessary to include within the same category notmerelyentire statutes that were practicaUy obsofete, but all the parts of statutes of the same cnaracter. This task was, however, found to be so great that it was deemed better not to delay the introduction of the present measure until it had beer completely achieved. ruch a posonement would have made this a "sleeping billR" (a laugh); and it had, therefore, been thought inexpedient. The measure had his entire concurrence, and, under the circumstances which he had described, he believed that to send it to a select conmittee would be a sheer waste of valuable time. The Marquis of SAflSBURtY,while heabstainedfrom opposig the bill after the explanation just given, was understood to protest against the passing of laws of the highest mportance withouXt the House being furnished with the documents and evidence on which theyvwere based. After a few wordsingupport of themeasure from Lord 31ONTEAGLF, The segond reading was agreed to, The Annuities R3deinption Bill and the Transfer of Works (Ireland)BM psseRthrolugh conunittee. I The West India Loans Bill ws read a third time and: -p se sd. - TME OATH OF ABURATION A3NDMENT BILL. - Th* Earl of DERBY, in maoving the second reading of - this bill, observed that, though the object it was designed to effect would have been atta ned by a. measure which was under consideration on the preceding evening, their lordAips had rejected that measure because it contained another pro- l ofhichtheyhadrepeatedlyexpressedtheirdisapproval. The present bill strictly limited as it was tD the amendment of the statute imnosing the oath of abjuration was Dot liable to any such objection, and deserved to be received with favour. Although some time agohe bha come across a book in which it was stated that certain descendants of the Pretender were still alive and had been recently visiting their dominions in Scotland (a laugh), he had no apprehension that those persons would presume to put forward any claim to the Crown of these realms. They' were beings who had no other than a visionay existence. It was matter of notoriety that all the legitimate descendants ^of the Pretender were now defunct, and, this being so, to abjure them was a mockery. The oath beingno longer necessary, it was desirable that it should be got rid of as soon as possible, and the mnore so as many of their lordships -cons^ientioualy objected to it, on the ground that it was not only superfluous butbl%sphemous. (Hear, hear.) Lord CAMPBELL had long been of opinion that the act imposing the oath of abjuration was a disgrace to the statute-hook. No man was so great a sufferer from it as he, for, unfortunately, it was his duty, when presiding in the Court of Queen's Bench, to see that at was tak-en in due form, even by the judges of the land. Not very long ago Mr. Justice 'Willes came to be sworn before him., and on coming to the 'words abjurg the Pretender and his descendants he became dumb. He (Lord Campbell) had to remonstrate with himn, and his learned brother thereupon replied, that he had abjured the Pretender and his family in his heart. (Alaugh) Butthis excusew wold not avail, for the law required that the words should be spoken. And accordingly they were spoken, for he thouglht it better to make the absmurdity of the oath conspicuous than to sltr it over. The oath was altogether unnecessary, and it was to be regretted that the present bill, instead of amending the statute which imposed it, did not repeal it altogether; for, in truth, an oath of-allegiance was all that was required. The bill had been drawn very clumsily, and was as great a "botch"as hadevercomedownfrom theotherlouse. (HTear.) The bill as it stood directed the omission in various places of "the following words," and in some instances the sub-. stitution of others. Why should it not have repealed the existing oath and set forth that which was in future to be administered? He was quite convinced that the formwhich had been adopted would not prevent the other House of Parliament striking out the words " on the true faith of a Christian." The Marquis of CLANRICARDE thought that. considering the circumstances of the moment at which this bill was introduced, and the result of the debate of the previous evening, it would place that House in most offensive antagonism with the other House of Parliament. Uniless'the measure were materially altered in committee he khould at some future stage move its rejection. The Earl of WICKLOW differed from the two noble lor4s who had last addressed the House, and promised on some future occasion to express his opinions upon this bilL The Earl of DERBY said that he had been induced to pat his bill in its present sbape by a desire to avoid a conflict with the other House of Parliament. Had he ado pted the course recommended by the nobleand learned lord (Lord Campbell) the words " on the true faith of a Christian" would, in all probability, not have been re-enacted by the House of Commons, and the bill would have been lost. The course which he had taken would effect the abrogation of an unnecessary and, therefore, improper oath withoub calliDg attention to those special words with which their loraships were not disposed to part; and he hoped that the House of Commons would not seek an unnecessary conflict by rejecting a bill which effected an object which all desired, because it did not make other changes npon which there vas a difference of opinion between tie tuwo IHouses of Parhament. The bill was then read a second time.. Their lordships adjourned about a-quarter before S o'clock.
HOUSE OF COi3IONS, ToSAy, JuNE 24. The SPEAXER took the chair at 12 o'clock. The following biDs were read a third time :-The Cleobury North. &c., District Roads Bill; the Conway and Ilandudno Road Bill, and the Rhosydd Railway Bil. NAWAB OF SURAT TREATY BILL. Sir F. KELLY moved the third reading of this bill, and observed, that after the unanswerable speech of the right hon. gentleman the member for Oxford (Mr. Cardwell), in the debate on Wednesday last no doubt could be entertained that the East India Company had bound themselves to pay anannuity to. the Nawab of Sorat and his heirs. The Board of Control bad admitted the justice of the claim, and it was the East India Company alone who disputed it. Sir J. W. HOGG rose to move that the bill should be read a third time that day three months, and declared that if the Government had come to the conclusion which the hon. and learned gentleman had intimated they ought to be ashamed of themselves (laughter), for every Government for the last 10 years had insisted upon a totally different view. Lord Ellenborough, Lord Hardinge, Lord Ripon, Lord Brought-on, and Sir Charles wood had all held that this claim had no foundation, either in Lmtw or equity; and that if tC claim was now conceded the effect vould be to -withhold the provision now made to those members of the late Nawab's family, whose rights as heirs general had oeen judicially declared. He had contended, and wa. prepared to contend again, that under the treaty these p2aties had no right to the Nawabihip, and~ that it was never contemplated, that they should have a right. His right hon. friend (Mr. Cardwell) spoke of a compromise. Hle would tell the House what that compromise was, which, in his opinion, rwas mios' discreditable-not to use a harsher term, It had been proposed that there should be given to the present caimant and the heirs general lo,OOO1. a-year for ever. The proposal of the Goverunment was, that the present claimant shonld receive the 15,0001. a-year for his life, but that none of the collateral heirs vere to participate in this arrangement. Both tlhe courts of justice and the Legisature of India had declared that those collateral heirs were entitled by the Mahometan law to the whole that had been assigned to them. Hle would ask the House what they would say if the East India Company, or if Her Majesty's Government were to consent to rob these collateral heirs of their property? Andyet the main point of this measure was to entirely ignore the rights of those collateral heirs. He knew that the House, like an individual, was apt to be acted upon by impulse, but if only time were given he knew that it always came right. The statement of his right hon. friend the chairman of the committee the other evening had its influence; and he was aware of the disadvantage of contending against the report of that committee. Bat there was no oral evidence before the committee; there was nothing but written evidence, so that every hon. member having thoEe documents before him was as competent to form an opinion as to the meaning of the treaty as the five gentlemen of that committee. The committee were, no doubt, placed in a difficult position; by finding that they had referred to them a case which involved considerations of public interest. But the course they ought to have taken wasto report those difficulties, andhave left the matter to the House. They, however, proceeded to discuss and decide the case. They had given an opinion with respect to the construction of the treaty of- 1803, which the Government of India had not asked them to do. It was going beyond the constitution to call upon the House of Commons to construe treaties. Upon the report of that committee, however, the present bill came before the House. The House had been told that terms of compromise had been placed before the Court of Directors; out the Court would have nothing to do with it, because it was grossly unjust to absent parties. It was true he had given is support to the second reading of the bill, for which he was now very sorry, but he had been coerced into doing so by the Government expressing a wish to support the second reading in order that the matter might be afterwards in some other form arranged. He had been deceived, and he never would depend again upon anything so slippery as the support of Government. (" Hear," and laughter.) Lord Wellesley had been accused of bemng guilty of fraud and force in obtaining possession of Surat. The papers relatngz to this transaction were laid before the House of~ Commons in 1S06i on the motion of hIT. :Paul, who was the man who arraigned Lord WeDlesIcy, and if the conduct of Lord Wellesley could then have bsen successfully assailed for the part he had taken with regard to the treaty of 1S00 Mr. Paul would have been most ready, if he could, to convict Lord WPellesley. No proceedings, however, were taken in that h:ouse against Lord Wellesley in 15063, wvhen the transaction was recent; and surely it was not for men 50 years after tm come forw ard and assail that noble lord. .Then with respect to the treaty itself,-between whom was that treaty made? It w as a treaty betwveen the 33ast India Company and the Naw ab of Snrat-hetween two political powers for political purposes; and no one could contend that the word " heirs' in such a treaty referred to collateral heirs, and not to the persons who should succeed tobthe throne. Whbere there was a treaty between twosovereion Powers in which the word " heirs" occurred, it must be consstrued to be a treaty between those who succeeded to the sovereign autthority :-the word could never be construed ta mean collateral heirs. What he contended was that this waa treaty between two political Powers, in which the one power agreedto give 15,0001. a-year to thse otherPower to sup. port and maintain him in his title and dignity;- the person, therefore, who took the one must take the other, so dignity and the stipend went together;* and when the dign,ity lansed the stipendlapeed also. He felt that he had trespassed upon the House too long; hut, said the hon. and learned gentleman, I think there is my excuse (pointing to the President of the Board of Control, who sat alone on the Treasury bench)-"tho last rose of sumnmer." (Laughter.) Every liberalityhad been shown to the famuily of the Nav ab. Mleer Jafiher All Khan, who originally received only 1,200i. a-year, had hatd that stipend increased by order of t'ne C5ourt of Directors to 2,4001. a-year; and the aggtregate allowance to him and the famnilyof theNawahwas8i.ti00rupees a-gear. In the part he had taken in these debates he felt that he had only done his duty, andfrom a conscientious convictionthat the whole of the proceedings of the Governors-General of ]ndia, of successive Boards of -Control, and of the Court cf Directors in this matter had been sound and just. Mr. V. SMITH said, he certainly had not any feeling of shame for the part he had taken in endeavourin'g to bring this question to a close. It appeared to him that"the* arrangement he had proposed was one dictated by a desire to do justice to all parties.- The hon. baronet had told the House that he had - rested upon the slippery support o f Governmnent; but the greater part of the embcarraessment which he (hr. V. Smnith) had felt had certainly arisen from his having rested upon the slippery support of the Cour of Directors. E-is hon. friend was in the hibit of assming that the East lndisw Djregtionl was himself, and thellouseaws in'the habit of attendiingtohimas it -he spokeon behalf of the whole Coirt. He (Mr. V. Smith) in his position had' no means of commanication with the Court of Directors, except by correspondence with the chairman and deputy-chairman, and he could state that in every step he had taken those gentlemen complete agreed. When the hon. gentleman taunted him with receding from the course taken -} precedirig- Govemu'nments, 'did the hon. gentleman irean to say that, when these questions were submitted to his judg-ment, he was not at liberty to form his- QIwn opinion upon th em En that' case all discussion and deliberation would be futile. But he utterly repudiated the bdoctrine. The hon. geatleman had sp-oken disdainfully of compromises, but this question'had been from 'the earliest -time nothing but one of compromise by the Indian Govern. ment; and as a6qestionof cmnirnilse he bhaseen noiason why it should not still be treat&L- But, after all, the whole question lay in a small compass. The only point they had to consider was *hether it ought to be treated as a legal or as a political 9uestion. He contended that it ought to be treated as a political quwestion ;and, therefore, it was that he dissentea from the gentlemen who sat upon the committee, because they had looked' upon the treety as a legal ques. tion only. 'With regard, to the rights of the parties, his opinionwasthat, althouglihe didnotthink-thelndianGovernment were legally bound to pay the stipend to the collateral heirs of the gawab of' Surat; yet he thoegat they ought to deal with bis-heirs and descendantsin a Epirit of the utmost liberality, which he did not think they on the present occasion bad done, ;and hc in a former debate stated that, as far as bevwas concerned, he w-as willngto extendthe boantyof the Indiani Governmenttothefullaniourtofl5,OOOL a-year. As to the matter of comnpro-mise, he certainly dild feel so strongy against the bill being treated as a private bill,- that ble said, If the bill could be withdraw n ~and the thing settled out of doors, it would bc the better course; and that with the sanction of the Court of Directors that was whathe was prepared to do. 'Hviagt always endeavoured to carry on the government of India in concurrence with the Court of Directors. he sent to the chairman of that court the terms of compromise whichle was prepared to adopt; but the Court of Directors objected to the proposition. that proposed compromise was, in his view, nothing hat an extension of a preious compr-omise. If the Court of Directors had been anxious to come to some decision upon this question they would have fairly stated it; but-their rejection of his proposal was so complete that he had nothing to do butt consider the caeeas itstood. The hon. gentleman said, gn a former occasion, that the Government ought to settle the matter by sending out a despatchtto India. There was no doubt' the President of the Board of Control bad the power to enioin the Court of Directors to send out a despatch, but there was one subject which ought to be carefuly guarded against, and that was the subject of money. He w;as not preDared to say that even ulpon that subject, if the 1resident of -the Board of Control- was desirous of exercising his power, he could not do so - but he should be very unwilling to attempt to exercise that power unless it was perfectly clear that it was' his mindbubled right. As to its being the duty of the Government to oppose the bill, he thought it would be a most hopeless attempt on the part of the Government ; neither was he prepared to say, after a large majority had supported it, that the bill should be stopped and not proceed any further. It would go up to another assembly on whose judgment the hon. gentleman could bettor rely than on the jud,ment of the House of Commons. There the question might be re-argued. *Upon the whole matter he could only say, 'on the part'of the Government. that he had acted with the utmost frankness, his only desire beimg that the parties' making this claim should be dealt with in a spirit of the utmost generosity, and he thought that the best course for him to adopt was to leave the matter with the House an-i suffer the bill to pass without opposition. - Mr. G. 3L BUTT said, as a member of the committee, he concurred in the statement made by the chairman of that committee. Much which the hon. baronet' (Sir J. W. Hogg) had addressed to the House had nothing whatever to do with the question that was really before the House. What the House had to do wasto consider the construction to be' put upon the treaty; and considering the representations mnade by Governor Duncan, upon the faith of which the treaty was signed, lookng at his diary, and at the despatch of Lord 2tloraington, it was impossible that any one coulc doub'v, if this wererC a quest:on between A. 'and B, that the construction which the | committee had put upon the treaty was a correct one. It was idle to talk ofthSve construction being different, because the situation of the parties might be different; the construction must be the same whatever might be the position of the parties. Yr. LOWE said, he would offer no opinion on the question that had arisen between Meer Jaffier Ali and the EastIndia Compiy, but -there was another question of great consequence to those concerned in it, and one which involved the reputation of British justice. The case was this: -the Nawab died possessed of a considerable amount of personal property which was tak-en possession of by the East India Company; and by an act of ths Legislative Council (whether wisely or notit was not his busine.ss to argue), the Government of Bombay made a distribution of that estate, and the distribution so made was as final and conclusive, as a decision of the House of Lords wouald be in this country. The Government of Bombay gave half the property fo the present claimant, Meer Jafier All, and distributed the other a'f amnong the widow and collateral relatives of theNawab. The money had- not been paid to those parties, and the committee now, by this bill, re-opened the question, after those persons bad acquired indefeasible rights, to let in Meer Jaffier All to appeal, and set up a claim before the priv-, C. nincil to the other half. He did not think it lt lihi be to the credit of that House if they were to take away the ullowance from those poor relatives of the Nawab. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said, the only question which thea House bad to consider was, 'whether it was jtist and right that the East India Company shonld abide by the contract. they had entered into ? Who were the persons entitled under that contract, whether the coJlateral heirs or the legal heirs, or whether the line of descent had ceased altogether, was not the question which the House was called upon to' consider or determine. He thougght that, with regard to this private bill, it would be laying the foundation of a systrm by w;hich persons in India would henceforth be able to avail themselves of the benefits of British justice, which was the best foundation of our po-wer in that vast empire. Sir H. VWHIOUGE[BY said, there never was a bill concerning which the Rouse ought to be more careful. The distribution mide of the property of the Nawab by the I Bomlay Government wouId he entirely set aside by this bill; but his chief objection was, that such a measure should not be treated as a private bilL After a few words from Mlr. MuqGLES and h1r. D. SEYMOUn, The House divided, when the numbers were For the third reading ... ... ... 213 A`gainst it ... ... 28 Majority ... .. ... -1S5 The announcement of the numbers was received withloud cheers. The bill was then read a third time and passed. The Hospital Dublin Bill was read a second time. The Sardinian Loan Bill was read a third time and passed. The House adjounedat 4 o'clock. The House resumed at 6 oclock. Petitions praying for redress of grievances of Poor Law mledical officers were presented by Mr. HIATEP, from the medical officers of the Wells IUnion; by Ird ELAILEY, from the medical officers of the Tenbury Union, in the county of Worcester; by Mr. H. S=1n, from the medical ofiEcers of the Sevenoaks Union; by Ir. B. STANHOPE, from the medical officers of the Louth UInion, of the Horncastle Union, and the Brigg Union; and by Sir }. DxERxc., from the meedical officers of the Faversham Union. Petitions were also presented by Mr. B. ST,L7xOPE, from the inhabitants of Epworth, against the Mercantile Law Amendirent Bill; also, two petitions from the Dissenters of Iouth, in favour of the Government amendments to the Church-rate Bill; by Sir E. DERiNG, from the inhabitants of lIsamsgate and Margate, against the repeal of the Statute of Frauds; by lMr. DVmREunx, from the inhabitants of Wexford, for reduction of duty on ;ines; and from corporation of Wexford, infavour of the GrandJuries Bill; by Sir H. DAvIE, from the Free Church Presbytery of Haddington and Dunbar, for a better regulation of unlicensed broklers in Scotland; by Mr. WraxN sOK, from 177 electors, registered orqualifed for West Rent, complaining of the conduct of Bichard Ogle, Esq., revsing barri,ter, in not allowing costs in cases of frivolous and vexatious objections, and praying for an altertion of the law; and by Hr. ThosenHIT., from Chesterfield, praying tthat clerks -articled to attoreys and solicitors may pract-e iin the County Courts. AnHon. MEain moved that the House be counted, and, The SPEAKER having declared that only 38 members were present, The House stood adjoumed at 5 mninutes past 6 o'clock until to-morrow (this day) at 12 o'clckl.
She LIGHT CAYALRY 2ARGE at , . _ . . I I S We are requested to publiish the f oo respondence:- . . .., ., ' rorntn s.quue, June l1.^ "Dear Lord George,-A corre-pondencein which;your have taken a part, referrng to the 'battle of -Balaklavahis been brought-to mynotice writhfinhIe l as fer days, and4 lthough I qtuto agree with you that the opinion expres in the letter signed 'Charles Wood' isextremely erroneoWis6 -viz, that an attclc of thb'S1i-Hnars upon sajam cavalry aone saved the 4th Light Dragoons and 11tI Hussars on that occasion, still I do not-think that the-Sti Hussars, defending thenmselves ivgorouy and gelantly against an ove w 'ering force of the enem's cavalry, under their leader CoonielShewell,co ldhivebeen otherwise than advantageous to all the other iments of he bie. Having formed, commanded, and-led the brigade in thatattacl; I cannot allow any written statement oa-the tart of anyofficer present on the occasion which I feel tobe incorrect to pass unnoticed. You state that-the 4th LightDragoons and 11th Hussar fvere under your charge on that; day. The facts ae as folIow:-The-Brigade was ormed by me in two lines; the first line, 13th light Dragoons or-the right, 17th Lancers in the- centre, ~nd the 11-tb .Hs;ars on. the left. The 4th light Dragoons- and 5th -Hussari im second line, at the remulated distanev, and- of which youa were the senior officer. At the mTomit when -the Lieutenant-General commanding the division ordered the Light Bri"ade to attack the Russian force he caused the front to, be iminished, by ordering the 11th H7ssars to. drop bak and cover the 17th Iancers Fromthis positive order Colonel Douglas led the 11th Hussars with great gallantry to the attack, in support of the 1st line; but it appears that the 4th Light Dragoons and the 8th Hussars separated in the advance; the three regimeuts therefore, in support, may be said to have attacked in echelon in successioz. Colonel Douglashasfrequentlytold me thathe led the atackof -his own regiment, and acted quite independently of aniy-sperior officer throughout the affair. He has also informed. -me that, after passing -the line of -the Russian battery-to. the front, the fire of which bad been silenced by the previous attack of t-he first line-viz., the 17th lAnoersanal 13th Light Dragoons-andhe was in the act of retreathug with his regiment, that the 4th Light Dragoons, lect with equal gallantry by yourself, came uip and had immediately to retreat under the nressure of auoverpoweringforoe of RussIn cavalry. I thi k yo will, on reflection, .admit that the momentary contact of- two regiments under such CircumstaDnces could not invest any one officer 'witthe command of the whole. The ratter is immaterial, except that; 'when any statement appears in writing from an officer who was present it is very desirable hat strict correctness should be adhered to. And I would now appea to you whether, under the circumstances of all who belonged to the Light Brigade having been engaged in an. affair of cavalry which, whle it wAs alnLost unprecedente in its daring and its perils, has never been surpassed in,its% glory-whether we, who were so engaged in an attack in 'which every officer and man did his duty, ought not to. adopt the course of treating withindifference the observations of any absent person, eventhough the -writer miayhave served with more or less of distinction in the early wars or the present century. "Believe me, youts truly. "The Lord George Paget, &a."} " CAtDIGAN. "22, Albemarle-street, June 19. My dear lord,-I have received your letter of yesterday's date, and regret to find that anything 1 have said with regard to the battle of Balaklava should have met with your disapproval. "If I interpret your letter rightly, your objections to. mine in the 3foruning Post of the 13th inst. are twofold:- " Ist, that I assume to myself a position to -which I an not entitled when Isay that the 11th Hussars were for a- time undermy charge on that day; and 2d, that my remarks were uncalled for generally, and especialy as they related to the support sustained by the 4th LIight Dragoons and 11th Hussars in their retreat, by the attack of the"8th Hussars on the Russian Lancers. "N.ow, with reference to the first point, iamnatefial in itself, as your Lordship truly observes, and immaterial as it. IS also to me, except in so far as it affects my accuracy, I would beg to remark that I caunotperceive any error in my statement that Ihad charge of the 11th Hussars at a moinit 'when that regimenit and the 4th Light Dragoonsfound themselves in a position of most remark-able difficulty, cut off from the rest of the brigade, and entirely, though inavoidably, isolated from the first line, which, after the most; extraordinary exertions, had been forced to retreat befora overpowering masses of the enemy, I beinsg atthe time- the senior officer with the two regiments, and with regard to, which assumed position I have confidence that Icbuld satisfy you, should you desire a more detailed statement, which you, fromyour positlonon that day, have of counrse tha right to dernand from me, but which Ifear I could not enter into except at some length, especially as I should then desire to make a more detailed answrer to your letter. "With reference to the second point I would observe that, however brilliant may havebeen the con,duct of' one regiment, and however well-merited the consequent praisei of it, it should hardly be at the exensoe of two others, whose exploits were at the least as praiseworthy ; and -that. I conceived, and still conceive, that it was my duty to. point out that which you admit was an inaccuray, and which, coming from awriter the signature of whose narae made him responsible, could noti be ' treated with indifference'-due as that Etatement was to the momentous brisis. through which those two regiments passed, unaided and alone, and fortified asI was bytherequest of thetwoofficers who so nobly commanded them on that day. "Hoping that youwill deem these few remarks satisfactory, "I remain trnly yours, " GEORGE PAGE.T. " Majozr.General the Earl of Cardigan, KC.B." "Portman-square,TJune2L "Dear Lord George,-Absence from tondon on duty has prevented my acknowledging the receipt of your. letter of the 19th inst. sooner. It is not xecessary for mae to re-. peat the opinions which I entertain, and which I expressece in my letter of the 18th inst. I will only add, with regard to the supposed isolation of your regiment and the 11th Hussars atter comingin contactwith each other beyond the enemy's guns at the battle of Balaklava, that the collision of the Sth Hussars with the Russian cavalry, about the same time, would seem to have prevented that state of things; and that the whole time occupied by all the brigade in makiDg the attacks, from the time of moving off simultaneously to the moment when all the ments had re-formedi after their retreat, did not exceed 25 minutes-having passed over a mile of ground in the advance, and the same distance in the retreat ; when, 'the brigade being counted by my order, only 195 mounted men were present, out oE 670 who went into action. I am anxious alone that what. really occ=rred should be known and unaderstood. "Believe ine yours truly, " CC oIGAX. "Colonel Lord GeogePet, C.13., kc."
THB ALLIBD GENTRALS BF?ORE SEBA2STOPOL. Of the many pictorial records of the late war which have been presented to t'he public none is superior in interest to a large painting recently executed by Mr. Barker, and now exhibited at the " German Gallery," New, Bond-street. The assemblage of Generals and other officers grouped. together in this most elaborate work is supposed lo take place in the early part of September, 1855, when the plans were arranged that ledc to the ulitunate fall of the fortress; and the background comprises the MIalakhoff, the M1amelon. Vert., the city of.Sebastopol, and the fleets of the allied Powers. In front of this extensive landscape, which is executed with the greatest care, is the large combination of military figures, the focus of the picture being formed by a group, in which Omar Pasha,PrinceNapoleon, the Duke of Cambridge,Lord Raglan, Sir De Lacy Evans, General Canrobert, anad Marshal Pelissier are the princiDal objects. In the foreground, at the left ext-remity of this equestrian group, stand Sir Colin Campbell (wearing a Highland cap), Sir John Campbell, and General Wyndham, while still further to the left, seated on ax -un-carriage, are Commander Mase, Lieutenantt Chapman, and " our special correspondent," MNr. William Russell. The whole historical mass, if we may give it this name, extends far towvards the background, and, among the prominentb personages, in addition to those already named, comprises General Bosquet, General Marmora, Lord Cardigan, Prince Edward of Saxe-WVeimar, and Miss Nightingale. At each extremity of the picture, skirting the assemblage of portraits, is a group symbolizing the life peculiar to the spot. That on the left consists of a party of French and English troops fraterniziing by a fire; that on the right, which, is completely in the foreground, consists of a couple of Zouaves supporting a wounded Highlander, to whom a French i sandiire is offering refreshment. The oily eivilians in the entire picture are MIr. Russell and Mr. Patvlinson, and the introduction of thd former mnay be regarded as an acknowsledgm3ent by t-he artist of the importance of the press in the great events of tshe modern world. When we state the fact, that as many as 70 portraits are contained in this picture, and that all are conspicuous enough to be easily recognizable, we convey some idea of its comprehensiveness. We should add, that the details are as carefully finished as the general conception is large, and that no less pains, have been taken to give animation to the head. of a horse, and to reproduce the texture of a camel's hide, than if accurate animal painting had been the sole object of the artist. That correct portraits might be obtained, the originals have in some cases s%at to the painter,while in others MIr. Fenton's photogpraphs have been used; but, notwithstanding his conscientious regard for historical- truth, MIr. Barker has most sedulously avoided that fornal apperance which is so often produced when a large quantity of vortraits is massed together If th picture 3is remarkable as a historical record, it is no less sD as an artistic composition. A line engraving by the hand of M1r. Lewis is already commenced, but what will be the mltimate destiny of the picture itself is not yet ascertained. The haU of Chelsea Hospital has been mentioned as an appropriate site, whether the ssubject Qr the merit of the work is talken into c6nsiderations,
YON-Y-MATaanOCILTYINTGELLIwLNOB. Tuesday Evening. Ihe quotation of gold at Paris is about 2 per aile premnum, and the short exchange on London is 25.35 per 11. sterling. On comparing these rates with the lnglish Mint price of 3t. 17a. 1 Od. per ounce for standard gold, it appears that gold is about 5-lOths per cent, dearer in London than in raris. By advice. from Hamburg the price of gold is 423 pex =srk, and the short exchange on London is 13.54; standard gold, at the English Mint price, is therefore about 6-l0ths per cent. dearer in London than in Hamburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' xight is 1097 per cent., 'rhich, as compared vith the Mint par between the two countries, shows that the exchange is slightly in favoui of Enngland, and, after making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves a trifling profit on the importation of gold from the United States. The English funds opened this mornihng at a further advance of an eighth, but the market subaequently showed less animation. Consols for the opening were first quoted 944 to 4 ex. dividend, from *which, in consequence of a few realizations, they declined to 94. 1he last transactions Mwere at 9 to <. P>o]itics nowr exercise no inffuence on prices, and the luctuations which occur are entirely dependent upon the ordinary operations of the public That the balance of these will be on the favourable side is relied upon from the prospect of continuous gold arrivals, and the general tendency is therefore towards improvement. Consol Scrip left off at 34 premium; Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 944 to s; New Three per Cents., 954 to s; Annuities, 30 years, 17T ; India Bonds, 10s. to 14s. premium; Exchequer-bonds, 99} to .4; and Exchequer-bills, us, to 13s. premium. There vwas general activity in foreign securities, but the highest quotations were not altogether supported. Turkish stock w;as freely dealt in at a further advance. Purcbases of the Six per Cents. took place at 103b5, X, 104, 103, and i; and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed at 1044, 10a, and 104X. The other operations comprised-Prazilian Five per Cents., 101X and 100i; the Foiur-and-a-half per Cents., 97; the Five per Cents., New, 100 and 1014; Cuba, Six per Cents., 102X ; Chilian Six per Cents., 103; Ecuador New Consolidated, 14*; Provisional Iand Warrant, 5; Granada, New Active, 194; the Deferred, 7 ancdl ; Mexican, for account, 234 and 22'-; PertvianFour-and-a-Half per Cents., 79; the Three per Cents., 55L; Russian Five per Cents., 109; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 984 to 99; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 47 and47'; the New Deferred, for account, 25-4; and Certificates of Coupon not funded, 64, 6, and 64 per cent. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rate upon Hamburg was a shade lower than last post. With regard to other places there was no material alteration. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 'If. for money, and 71f. 10c. for the end of the month, shoving a recovery of a quarter per cent. At Hambturg and Vienna the markets remain inactive. The Australian gold landed within the last week continues to flowv into the Bank. About 200,0001. is understood to have been taken there to-day, and the total proportion thus far purchased is estimated at about 550,0001. At a meeting of the South Australian Bankingr Company held to-day, Mr. E. Divett in the chair, the ditvidend declared was at the rate of 10 per cent. per anmum, andthe report was unanimously adopted. It was stated that the operations of the bank continue to be conducted on a sound basis, and that a diminution -hich has taken place in the profits is attributable oinly to the general reaction in the affairs of the colony during the past year. In answer to questions, it was mentioned that the present capital is 300,0001., but that there is a probability of an increase being hereafter resolved upon to the full extent of 500,0001. This questionl in connexion with the gradual augmentation of the reserve ftnd, has been under the consideration of the directors, but no definite conlclusion has at present been arrived at. The existing reserve of about 50,0001. is invested in New Three per Cents., railway stoek and debentures, and 6 per cent. railway bonds of the colony guaranteed by the Government. The operations of the bank, according to the terms of the deed, niust be confined to South Australia, and, therefore, in any extension of business, agencies, and not branches, will be established. Subjoined is an abstract of the report - " The past year has shown important fluctuations in the trade of South Australia. The failure of the harvest of 18-4 led to a large reduction of the exports to the adjacent colonies, and even rendered necessary the importation of grain. The markets formanufactured goods have been overstocked, and although commercial affidirs have been free froms embarrassment, they have necessarily been very inactive. Added to these circumstances, South Australia has been placed relatively in the same position as was occupied beforethe discovery of gold; the price of that article notpermitting its import, none of the vast treasures of Victoria are attracted thither. The colony having thus to rely on its own resources, any interruption to the staple articles produced, or any temporary disorganization of commerce, would have acorresponding effect onthegeneral interests, and all classes involved would have to bear their proportion of diminished profits. Consequently the BanL-, although free from other than ordinary losses, has found that its income has diminished, while, owing to the dearness of colonial prices, there have been increased expenses connected with the management in Adelaide. "The proprietors, with these facts in view, vwill be prepared for the position of the profit and loss account, wnich as now subjoined UJndivided profits, a&y 28, 185t5 . .......... , 250,347 0 0 Appropriated to reserved fund ...................... ... 5,035 0 0 453,312 0 0 NSet profits in Adelaide and London for 4 IS55-G .. ... ... ... ... 37,0G1 O O 82,073 0 O Dividend July, 18.55 ... 20,646 Ditto, January, 1856 ... 20,938 lucome-tax ... ... 1,947 - 43,531 0 0 Balance on 26th of May, 1856. 3 ... 3,842 0 0 "The reserved fund will receive 10 per cent., equal to 2,885!. sfrom the declared profits according to the regulations of thecharter. Withincome arising from previous investments and the addition thus made, the fund now amounts to 49,3111. There will remain as unappropriated profit 34,9571., which enables the Court of Directors to recommend a dividend of 10 per cent. per annum clear of income-tax. The annual accounts made up to the 26th of :1 oveniber, 1855, in Adelaide, and to the 26th of May last in London, show the following results:- " LLJ=ILITIES. Circulation .. ... ... ... ... ... 316,903 Deposits anld current accounts ... ... .. 410,464 Debts due to colonial banks and other liabilties .. 83,008 Bills payable. ... ... 54,964 Dividends not applied for. ... ... ... 185 Capital paid up ... ... ... ... 300,OO Reserved fund ........... ... ... ... ... ... 49,311 Profit and loss ... ... ... ... ... 34957 1,049,392 "AssErs. Coin and bullion ... ... ... 383,352 Bills receivable and securities. ... ... 595,929 Debts due from oolonial banks and other assets ... 16,589 Open policie, . .. ... ... .. ... 1,176 Bank premises and furniture. .. 6,955 Investments for zeservod fund ... 45,391 1,049,392 "There is ample evidence for believing that a satisfactory business will be transacted by the company. A sound trAde ressumed both with England and the colonies and the various interests connected with the agricultural, mining, and torapursuitswill offer an ample fiel for the profitable employment of capital." t'hes Lord M or has remitted to Paris this evenin." a third contribution of 100,OOOf., in aid of the asusription for the sufferers by the inundationl The total amount collected in London ix understood to have reac :nearly 20,000 The following allx attention to a clause in the new Joint-Stock Conpanies Bill which seems objetiomble. Its objeot is to render invalid every attachment or execution against a company that mnay have been isued within three months of the presentation of a petition for winding up. Nosuch exemption is granted in the case of individuals, and it is hard to understand the reasons for introducing a difference of principle between the two cases. It is essential for the safety of the public that every creditor should be encouraged to exercise constant vigilance, but the clause in question appears likely to operate wholly in an opposito direction " Sir,-A clause has been introduced into this bill at the last stage in the House of Commons which I fear mnay operate very much to the prejudice of joint-stock com- panes established under its provisions, by affecting their tredit, and consequently preventingmuch of the good that tho bil was intended to secure. " Why it is thought fit te see to have one kind of credi. tora' aw aginst an individual or a partnersbip} and anoTher agaist a company, I do not know; andIamatalotto unders d why the abolished lawr of nearly 20 years ago should be revived ins w orse form. "TliepolieyoC{ our law sto givetothe creditor whois diligent and prosecutes his rights every fair protection, but t',is bill withdraws that protection, and leaves a wide field open to companieg to favour their creditor frfends. "1 The clause I zefer to was marked ' U. S. 78' in the print of the biUl on the second recommitment, and enacts that every attachment or e:ecution, whetber it shall be completely executed or not, which shall be issued against the goods, &c., of a company within three months before a petition for winding up shaU be presented shal be void, except so far as regards the costs of suit and execution, and that the creditor shal refund what he ahall have received underit "Thle law as regards creditors of a private trader is very I different. The Bankrupt Law ConsoEdation Act 1849, protects every attachment against the lands or tenements of a bankrupt executed by seizure, and every execution against hus goods, &c., executed by seizure and sale before the date of the fiat or filing of the petition for adjudication of bankruptcy. Fros the year 18S9 until this act wvas passed the mere levying an execution WAS sufficient without sale, but before 18;39 the lawv was somewrhat AS it is. now sought to make it as to companies, the difference being that the act of 1839 made an execution creditor safe after two months, while in this bill he is not to be safe until after three months. "Ifeel sure that if this matter is made known to the commercial world they will interest themselves to have the objectionable clause struck out, and as tho best means to make it so known I venture to ask you to introduce the subject into your colamns. "II am, Sir, your obedient servant, "A SOLICITOR." Complaints are made of the treatrment of the passengers by the Morning Star, lately arrived from Australia at Bristol. All the requiremnents forproper space, ventilation, medical attendance, and the supply of food are alleged to have been disregarded. The statement comes from an individnal who professes to write at the request of a number of his fellow-passengers. Possibly the owners may be able to satisfy the public that it. is overcoloured or unfounded. The commercial details from Sydney by the late arrivals are generally satisfactory. The subjoined account of the import markets is from a circular by Mesirs. Prost, Kobler, and Co.:- "During the past three weeks our market has improved in most articles of general consumption, such as spirits, wine, beer, oilmen's stores, coffee, candles, butter, cheese, hams, kc., a gradual advance in price having taken place. Brandy (Martell's) may be quoted at 14s. 3d. to 14s. 9d. in bond; other brands in proportiorn. Candles (Belmont's) and other good brands have reached 2s. to 2s. 2d. per lb. In dry goods also, such as calicoes, sheetings. blankets, flannels, plain silks, velvets, &c., an advance of 33 per cent. may be quoted on invoice. Boots and shoes likewise realize a similar improvement. In wheat, flour, and breadstuffs generally there has been a considerable dechne. Wheat is now; 8s. 6d. to 9. per bushel; flour, 261. a-ton. Within six mnonths past flour was 551. a-ton, and wheat 18s. per bushel. Potatoes are about 47. to 5S. per ton ; a Tear ago they were 2St. Our principal supplies are from Nsew Zealand, Tasmania, and some of the neighbouring islands." Out of consignments of 255,0 0M. in gold lately received by the London branch of the Bank of New South Wales, a very large amount is said to have been remitted to provide for draughts in favour of labouring people in the united kingdom, in snms ranging from 5o. to WO., purchased by their successful relatives iu Austraia. The weekly reviews of the Amsterdam and Rotterdam prodluce-markets describe an increase of business, and state that prices generally were rather higher. Few operations had taken place in coffee, but quotations on the average were well supported. Greater activity was noticeable in raw and refined siugar. The transactions in rice had been limited; indigo continued to be maintained with firmness. The annexed letter describes a fresh instance of the way in which Government formalities are upheld to obstrtlet business. The matter has in other cases lid to remonstrances from leading merchants, wlich have been attended with no effect - " Sir,-In full reliance on your usual plan of showing up all systems of abuse and leaden routine an official matters, I bfg to call your attention to a monstrous anomaly with respect to bonds given in connexion with the shipment of nietals contraband of war. During the war shippers of metals willingly complied with the Treasury mandate, but v,hen the treaty of peace was signed naturally supposed that all outstanding bonds would be canceled; but it is not so, and the Customs' authorities are still demanding certificates for delivery at the ports of discharge. " Now, if there were the slightest utility in all this fuss no reasonable person would complain, but, in the name of common sense and common honesty, what is the drift of it ? The war is over, and why should the metal trade of a free country be trammelled vith such antiquated nonsense? Any notice you may taLe of this communication, or any remarks you may deem fit, wilL no doubt, tend to remove the nuisance, and will be much appreciated by the metal trade. "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, " Liverpool, June 20. "A SJUFERER." Subjoined is a copy of the resolution of the Provincial Government mentioned in the American advices yesterday, as about to be moved by the Ffon. M.r. Cayley in the Canadian Legislature, for granting relief to the Grand Trunk Railway Company : "That, for the purpose of enabing the Grand Trunk Railway Comupany of Canada to complete their undertaking, it is expedient to authorize the Governor in Council to carry into efect an arrangementprovisionallyenteredintobetween the Government of Canada and the said Company, based upon the following ternis, viz.:- "' That the railway company shall ba allowed to issue preferential bonds to the extent of 2,000,0001. sterling. The holders of such bonds to have priority of claim therefor over the present first lien of the province. T That such issue shall not. take place until the railway from St. Thomas, Lower Canada, to Stratford, Upper Canada, shall have been finished and in operation, exclusive of the Vlictoria-bridge. " That the proceeds of the said bonds shall be paid over to the provincial agents in London, and zeleased on the certificates of the Receiver-General upon proof of progress of the work. "1 That the said Droceeds shall be appropriated to the aid or construction of the foUlowing works, and in the proportion hereinafter mentioned:- The Railways from St.. Aary's to London and Sarnia .. ... ... ... ... .. ;450,000 TheRailways fromSt. Thomas, Lower Canada, to Rivicre-du-Loup ... ... ... . 525,00O Victoria-bridge ... ... ..0. SOO000 Three Rivers and Arthabaska .. 125,000 To enable the Grand Trunk to assist subsidiary lines, such as the Port Hope, Cobourg, and Prescott. ... ... ... 100,00 2,000,000 That the St. Mary's and London branch and subsidiary lines shall be completed by the 1st Sept., 1857 Strtford and Sarnia ... ... 1st Sept., 158 Arthabaska and Three Rivers . 1st Sept., 1859 The Victoria-bridge ... ... ... ... 1st Jan., 1860 St. Thomas and Rivicre-du-Loup line as follows:- From St. Thomas to Riviere Ouelle ... 1st Jan., 1859 From RPivire Ouelle to Rivicre-du-Loup ... 1st Jan., 1860 " That, in order to restore to the Trois Pistoles-road the guarantee diverted from it by the act of 1854, and expended on the Toronto and Stratford section, there shall be reserved from the proceeds of the preferential bonds as they are paid over to the provincial agents such a portion for the section of the road from St. Thomas to Riviere-du-Loup as shall insure its progress equally with the other works above mentioned. "That the interest accruing on the provincial bonds durig the period of five years, being the time necessary for the completion of the works and for the development of the through trfiic, shal be advanced by the provnce, and such advances as they are made shall be repaid to the prov ince in share capital of the company. "That the lien of the province, subject to the preceding condition, shall rank, as to dividend or interest, with that of the company's bondholders."
2BADE BE,PORT. Tuesday Evening. SUG.iP.-There is less life in the market to-day, and prices are rather easier. Only about half of 6,241 bags at auction were sold, of which the following are the particu. lars :-5,691 bags of 3lauritius, low to fine brown, 39s. to 42a. Gd.; low to good yellow, 43s. ad. to45s. ; very fine strong yellow and gray refining, 46s. 6d. to 47s. 6d; crystalized middling to good yellow, 47s. to 48s. 6d.; duty, 15s. ; and fine yellow, 4'3s.; duty, 17s. 6d. ; 550 bags of Benares low middling white, 47s. 6d. to 48s. per ewt. Of Weet India the sales amount to 1,290 hogsheads. The private busiuess that has occurred since Enday comprises three cargoes of Havanah afloat, for near ports :-viz., 1,356 boxes of No. 12, at 31s. ; 975 boxes of No. 14, at 32s.; 890 boxes of No. 13, at v!s 6d. (insured free of average); and one to-day of 2,144 boxes, the price of which is not reported. Also, two of Perniambuco, ;l,500 bags, at 26s. 3d. fortlow brown, for a near port; and 3,200 bags of white for the Nediterranean at 33s. 6d. per cwt. On the spot, 350 boxes of white Havannah at 39s. 6d. to 40s.; 300 florettes at 36s., and 1,300 bags of Penang at 42a. to 44s. per Cwt. Oors..-Thera waa only one snall auctieos, whici did not alter quotations. ilIcH.-1,365 bags pearly Bengal were taken in at 14s. er cwt., and 90 bags Rangoon, at 9s. d. per ewt. e market oDonod rather quietly. Privately the kansaetiouis on Saturaay and Monday wore extenstvo, from 1,200 to 1,500tons having changed hands, chiefly of Ballsn. and Moonghy rice, at 9s. 3d. per cwt. on arriaL, and 9s. 6d. per ewt. on the spot, which was an advance of 3d. per cwt. To-day, however, the sales ara limited to 200 tons Rallam, foating, at 9s. 3d. per cwt. landed, and 4,000.bags on the spot-middling white, lis. 6d., and good, 13. Gd. to 14s. per cwt. St.'r=rE is held firmly, and the sales are therefore limited. The only parcel disposed of privately was for cash-700 bags at 29s., for 8 to 7 per cent. COCOA.-UT OIL.-14 pipes Ceylon at public sale sold at 39s. to 40s. The market remains steady. COCHiNE,AL.-11U bags Teneriffe went off at previous Irices; ordmkry to good silver, 3s. 9d. to 3s. l1d.; black, 1g. 100. to 4g. 4d. per pound. SAvFLowEm-136 bales Benani mostly sold at 31. 17s. 6d. to 51. 5s for ordinary to middDing, and W. 5s. to 71. 2s. 6d forfineGL. TL.LLOW.-The market is steady to-day, withlem business doing than for some days past; 46s. 3d. is paid on the spot, and 471s. 3d. for last three months. L-zATHE RWD Esnxs.-The leatber-market at Leaden. iall to-day was onlysmoderately sup lied, and a brik tade prevaled f most a artioles. IjS1t W e 1AQg o e 'x- tremely scarce, and realized ,d.&per pound advance. There was also more inquiry for -rops and heavy buttb- -For drssing hides and o ral incre r t were obtained, and stocks are now much reduced. skins and hips of all averages met an active demand at lte rates, and all other goods remain unchnged in value. MArket hideg were in short supply and prices remain as last week. ' .
RA"LWAY-INTELLIG.EN0. BMTitOPOLITAN. A special meeting of this company was held yesterday at theoffice,.Great George-street, Westminster, to consider a bill nowr before Parliment, in consplsuce 'with the stand. ing orders of the House of Lords, Mr. Ayrton in the The secretary having read the advertisement convening the meeting, The CUAamarAN explained that the bill had alreadypassed the House of Commons. The most important object of it was to enable the company to make a branch railway from the proposed main line to the Grmat Northern Railway at the Kine's cross end of the first tunnel on that line. The cost of this short junction would be about 25,0007. It was always understood that a junction was to be formed with the Great Northern line, but there was some difliculty in effecting that object in a satisfactory manner. It vas formerly proposed that lifts should he used to raise passengers ortrains to the level of the line, but now it was So planned; that the branch to theGreat Northern wrould enter that line on the level of the existing rails, and would be of considerable advantage to both companies. The Great Northern would thus have an interest in seeing them progress, and permissive powers were given in the bill to enable them to subscribe 175,0007.towards the undertaking of the 3fetropolitan Company. The other powers in the bill were for an extension of time for the purchase of land. The time alloved by former acts would expire in August next, but the P reseat bill, when passed, would extend the time for another year. That would give them a clear year to exercise th re powrers, after which they would cease. It was not their interest to commence the works until they could see their way to carry out the undertaking with energy and success. He concluded by moving a formal resolution approvmg the bill. Mr. LEx seconded the motion. In reply to questions,it was stated that the Great Northern di ectors had agreed to the arran,gement, and, as they enjoyed to a g eat exctent the con9idence of the shareholders, it was thought no objection would be made to the arrangenient, particn'ar'.y as it would give them a terminus at the General Post-offlce. The directors were assured by their engineer and land-valuer that ample allow.nce hadbeen made in the est mates for contingencies, and they had no doubt the author zed capital would be sufficient. The resolution approving the bill was then passed unanimously, and the meeting separated. DUTCH RHENISH. The general meeting of English proprietors, preparatory to the anmual meeting of the company at Rotterdam, was held at Liverpool yest 'rday,; Mr. C'. Holland in the chair. 2he C&1,1usfr1N said that the general features of the report were of a most satisfactory kind. The remamini portion of the line from Botterdam to 'Utrecht was opened in July last year, and that from Arnheim to Ewimerick in February last, thus completing the whole length of the Dutch Rhenish Railway, the extreme length of wbich was 103 miles. The cost, in round numbers, including excellent plant, was about 2,100,0001., or 21,0007. per mile-a cost which he thou2ht vwould be considered very n oderate when it was considered that the works were heavy, and the line passed through populous countries. The financial position of the company was satisfactory. The outstanding liabilities would be fully covered by one more call, during this autumn, not excoeeding 17. per share. (Hear, hear.) The sale of the forfeited shares, after the deduction of the caUs and interest on them, had realized 20,000?. The balance of net revenue -for the year ending May last, in addition to the sum of 5,0001. remaining from the contribution of Government, would enablo the company to declare a dividend of 2 ldorins, or 3s. 4d. per share, making, with 4s, already received, a total dividend of 7s. 4d. per share for the 'year. The junction at Emnerick with the Cologne and 'Minden Bailway would be completed in September or October next, which wouldagreatly increase the traffic. Their engineer's estimatXe of the weekly trafflc in passengers and goods, when they obtained a junction w ith the Prussian line, was that it would be 3,6001. a-week, or 185,0001. a-year, which would give a clear dividend of 14s. per year per share of 12?. The receipta last weekfrompassengers alone were 3,500l., only 1001. less than the estimate of Mr. Hasledine. He had no doubt that in a short time they would have a dividend of at least 20s. per share. After some observations from Mr. TLN-zm, in the course of wLich he stated that out of 100,000 shares in the company 3,000 were held in Holand, A committee was appointed for the purpose of advising the English commissaries to make such representations to the eirection as should be likely to secure the unanimity and efficiency of the board. I The salary of Mr. Hlazledine was fd;ed at 1,0001. a-year, to comli ence from May 1, 1355. Mtr. Beloe, the secretary, was empowered to hold the English pioxies at the annual meeting. A ioto of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. SALISB1TRY AND WARMINSTER. The Government inspection of that portion of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway lying between Salisbury andWarminster tookplace on Thursday. Colonel Yolland, the inspector, was attended by several officials of the Great Western Rsilway Company, and on the arrival of the train at the Salisbury terminus the party was cheered by a large number of spectators. A luncheon was served up at tho stationC, and the train retulrned from Salisbury at 5 o'clock-. It was stated that the line would in a week or two bo permanently opened for passenger traffic. ABERDEEN. A special meeting of this company was held at Aherdeen on Monday to consider a bill now before Parliament for sanctioning a branch line from Perth to Methuen. The proposed line would affect the Aberdeen line in some respects should the amal" anation of the Aberdeen Company' vith the Scottish Uidland be sanctioned by Parliament. The chairman, MIr. Thomson, of Banchory, moved the approval of the bill, which was agreed to, and also a recommendation to amend the 43d clause so as to permit the amalgamated companies to sell and transfer their shares in the undertaking after the calls had been paid, should they wish at any time to do so. NAMUR AND LIEGE AND MONS AND MANAGE. In the acconnt of the proceedings at the meeting of this company, which appeared in T7he Tgimes of yesterday MIr. Parry was reported to have said, in respect to leasing the Mloms and Mtanage line, that " the offers were such as he could recommend." It should have been " the offers, with certain modifications which he had every reason to hops would be assented to, were such as he could recommend t) the shareholders." 'GEELONG AND MIELBOURvN'E. By advices just received it appears tha't the works on this railway are approaching completion. Six of the bridges had been constructed, and 20 miles of railway completed. A portion of the worling stock, consisting of six passenger engines, and 24 first, second, and third class carriages, trucks, &c., together with 400 tons of coke, had beea landed at the railway pier at Corio Bay, and the remainder of tlhe rolling stock was shortly expected. ROYAI, ASSENT TO RAILWAY BILLS. The Rtoyal assent wazs given on MIonday to the following railway bills :-Cork and Vough; St. Ives and West Cornwall Junction; Alford Valley; Bamnbrodge Junction; Fleet. 'wood, Preston, and West Riding Junction; Vale of Ciwyd; Shrewabury and Hereford; Eastern Counties;t Hampstead Junction; Lowestoft and Beccles; and Midland. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Miles Pas- Mer- Total, Total, F;Allwam open. soegers. chandise. 1856. 1855. Week ending May22L Ont3rio Simcoe, and Huron 94.. 801 . 8 S . 1,616 . . 2,007 Week ending June 1. MaMiaAntonia.. -. - .. - .. 223 ,. 20S Week ending Juno 21. anelUy.281 1 .. .. 367 Glasgow and South-Western - .. - .. - . 6,058 . . 6,206 Week ending June 22. Ke and iuMdermuere - - - -. 268 248 Great Luxembtourg .3 .. - - - - .. 636 ,, _ Wort Loudon .. .9 - - .. 2. 2,3197 The following aro the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways from the 3d the 9th of June:-
STATE OF TRADE. hIANCHESTER, Ju,rz 24. We have had a rather better demand for cotton cloththis morning, and in some cases rather better prices have been obined. The demand has also been of a more general charcter. The distrust which waslately so generalrespecting the cotton-market, andwhich had its origin in the large. nesg of the last croa and the freedom with which it came forward to the ports of the United States, appears now to have abated very considerably. Rore confidence in this respect is undoubtedly one reason -why both buyers and sellers in this market are au iring more confidence. Manufacturers are showing much more frnnmess on this accouint, while, on. the other hand, the general healthiness of the home trade, and an easier state of 4hemoney-market, offer facilities for oommercial opera. tions iich cannot but have a good effect on this, as irdi a' ower markets. Some houss report a bettr bou in 40-inch sbirinip and Ndapollaaas for Indi, and fine , janets for Glasgow, which -lavya roeently bee in little Iequest, are selling batter. In yns llers report a wsy Ifirm market, with a fair busineu both for the home trade and -for- export. - There has been more or less business, in fact, for most markets.- --Manufacturers report that in some s thcy haved h to give a a hade higher for cops. - | eslrs. Joh. Slagg and Co.. report.:-"From Tneeday jlast tk the close of the weeck the market ws again quiet, and prices generally had a downnard tendency. To-day there -i a fi3merr feeling in the market, anda better aid mnore ceneral demand than we have had'for the last week or I to, and a fair. amount of business has been-done at fuLl, and, in many instanceej better pricem thau thoee of tiis day LEEDS, JTus' 2. The fune of the-woollen cloth-mnarket to-dy has been fully as cheerful a on Satnrday 1la In both the coloured and the white cloth halls there has beena good attendanoe of buyers, wrho purchased freely of cloths for the fall trade at pricei rather below those demanded at the commenoeInent oE the presext month. The report of the :Hnddersfleld cloth-market to-day is as I,ows "There hasDuben a moderate attendance of tmycts fr~i rLodon and Dublin in the market this morning,-but t heir purohases bare been limited. The demand for lowr g loods for shippn a somewhkat decrease, man g1Q t
ELEUTION OF SHEBrIFS & I Yesterdsy being 3iidmmer-Fday, common-ha.U ..sa held t the Guildhlal for -the eleion of sberiffs The Uorct Mayor, who was received with enthusiam, presided. here wrer present a great number of aldermen and all tho hIgh Cit officers..- the o BcOuDER, in addressing the Livery, aaidathe-F been called together .acoordinS to annual. custom ,forOthe purpose of exercising their rignt to xppoint two gentlempem operform the duties of Sheif of London and -herEff;oE Ziddlesex,, and they-would proceed at onoo to the busness Of the election. The Co oir-SxErAxT stepped forrd upon the h ings and nsid thefolUowin aldermen erer nexcln rotation for the brievalty-Tz., Aldersman Eagleton nid Alderman ,Lswrene, and Mr. Joseph Xechi ha .beeu. nominatod as a candidate for the office. It was generaly understood that the two aldermen, htvlug bat recently entered npon their magisterial duties, wars siousto let another srear pa5ss before their app intment to the office of the sbhnevalty, but that they were ready to serve if any difficulty occurred as to other candidatzes. 'The Co MoN-SERXA25T asked whether any livery ls was desirous to propose any other candidate. .fr. BucENT.LL (a lreryman) then came forrair and said he felt high gratification in puttinz in nomination for the office of sheriff lr. Frederick Keats,agentleman knownto the citizens of London as a inan of the highest respectability. (Cheers.) By-the exercise of great talents, perseverance, and enterprise, Mr. Keats hadattained to an eminent commercial posi. tion, and was a partner in one of the first houses in the imetropolis. It was very often the case that when a mercaitile man made his forbtne he turned his thoughts to0Ahe enjoymnent of. his property at a distance from the bustle of commercial life. Sach was not the case with -3Er. Eeats. After having realized a large fortane, instead of eeoldn the ease and quieti so much desired by the -enerality,'he came forwasrd to solicit the suifrages of his fellowcitizens to place him in a .cituation in hlich his active exertions misht be employed for the benefit of the communitv. (Cheers.) The large means at his commind enabled him to oomoe forward without feeling-- the least uneasiness about the amount of the expenses to which he should be subjected, and the public might>be assured that those expenses, whatever they might be, would not reach to one-third of his income. (Cheers.) M1r. Mechi aud Mr. Keats were then 'leated, and Sir John Key was re-elected Chamberlain of the City of London, and the other offiers appointed by the Livery were also re-elected. The usual forms havingleon gone through, 1fr. Mrcscr stood forward upon the hustinL-s, and said he hoped the .ivery would kindlyreceive the acknowledgment of his most grateful thanks for the honour they had done him in electing him to the office of shoriff -of this noble and glorious old city. Ho declared that, so deeply was he impressed with the importancoe of tho office that nothing should induce him to xeglect or overloDk any of the duties and hospitalities necessarily attached to the high station in which he had been placed by his fellow-citizens. (Cheers. 11r. KATs returned thanks in a few words expressive of his high sense of the honour conferred upon him. - THE CORPORATION ACCOUNS. The following report of the auditors was aanded in and. ordered to be printed "We whose names are hereunto subscribed, electedaby the Livery in comTon-hall assembled on the24th of June, 1854, and 24th of June, 1855, auditors of the Chamberlains accounts of the corporation and Gresham funds and of the Bridgemaster's accounts of the Bridgehouse -states, do report as follows- "That the account of receipt and expenditure of the corporation of the city of London laid before'us f 9 audit iras the second account of Sir John Key, Bart., Chamberlain of the city of London, frorn the Lst of January to the 31st of Decembe-, 1S54, both inclusive, which aceountwe have carefully and thoroughlY examlined in detaiL, and find that; the balance of cash upon the preceding account wvas 64,6651. 5s. 10id. ; that the receipts of the year 1854, including the ^um of 171,0001. raised towards the formatioii of the nowMetropoltan Cattle-mrarket, were 387,8321. 4s. l'd.- that the expenditure of the said year, as appeared by the several vouchers laid before us by the Chamberlain (including the sum of 17,7061. 2s. applied in the purchase of securities), was 404,7591 6s. lOd., leaving a balance of cash po7nthe3 account on the 31st of l)eeember, 1854; of "n1h the further prosecution of the examination referred' to us we sind that certain debts, arrears of rents, dues, and snterest on Government securities, were due and belonging to the mayor and commonalty and citizens on th O f1st December, 1855 and that they were at the same period answerable for debts, claims for interest, charges in respect of public improvements, prisons, police, &c. The Gresham account lid before us to audit was the third account of Sir John Key, Bart., Chamberlain, being the produce and expend;ture of the city moiety of the estate held under the will of Sir Thomas Gresham, Knight, from the 10th of October, 1854, to the 10th of October, 1855, which we also examined, and find the balanec of cash due by the Chamberlain, atthcoramencementoftheaccount,wasL,146C.16s.2a.- that the receipts for the same period were 5,0171. 10s. 3d., leaving a balance of cash i the hands of the Chamberlain on the account, ending the 10th of October, 18-55; of 2,1311. 1s. ld. We further find that the city's moiety of the Greshamestate is in debt various sums advanced by the corporation and others, and that there are owing to the said estate, besides the balance in the hands of the Chamborlain abovementioned, certin arrears of rents, leaving a cash l:alance against the estate on the 10th of October, 1855| of 108,8151g. s. hAd., -without taldng into account- the value of the (Gresham estates and public buildings. The account of the Dridgehouse estates, laid before us to audit by the account of George Ifedger and Charles Jaiacs, the bridge-masters or wardens, from the 1ist o January to the 31st o December, 1854, we have also carefully examined, and find that the balance of cash in hand on the 31st o^, December, 1853, -asa 5701&9s. d.-; that the rents of the aid estate and other receipts of the year 18I5 were 32,6321. Is. 2d.; that the disbuisements during the said ye.r were (including the sum of 26,1571. 2s. paid under the acts of the 7th of George IV., chap. 40, and the 4th of William IV., ohap. 118, in respect; of rebuilding Lgondon.bridge and repairing lllackfriars. bridge) 32,4591 14s. ld., leaving a balance in hand on the 31st of December, 1854, of 7421. 15s. 4d. In: addition to the said balance of cash in hand, wa found that there were rents dan to the account on the 31st of December, 1854, amounting to 13,9811. Is.. Id., also cash, stocl, and securities standing to the credit of tha Bridge-house estates as undermentioned:-6,8001. 3s. 7d. Consols, and 19,0941. 5s. Reduced Three per Cent. Ainnuities standing in the name of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery; 1,0001. Exchequer-bills in the hands of the said Accountant-General, upon which he had received interest remamingunmappropriated amounting to 141. 14s. 4d.; also 3101. 9s. 7d. Reduced Three per Cents., standing in the names of the Controller and the late Bridgemaster. The charges upon the Bridgehouse estates at the same period consisted of certain terminable annuities, payable to tha Government, amounting to 21,550W. per annum in respect of rebuilding London-bridge; also a debt of 77,4001. remaining of loan raised for the repair of Blacldriars-bridge. " We cannot conclutde this, our report, without testifying to the careful and accurate manner in which the accounts are kept, and expressing our satisfaction wtith the system. adopted by the corporation. We have also great pleasure instating that the gentlemen officially counected with the various accounts afforded us every assistance, and furished us with al the information wec required with referecne thereto. "JSonsr IARrois. "Josniut G. Duzs "Guildhall, June 24." "J~a3snsJ.IwRDN. The Elall was then dissolved.
COUBT OF ALDERMEN. A Court was held after th' election of the Sheriffl was concluded. lI1PEDIEXNTS TO THE NAVIGAT1ION OP TIM RIVZR. Alderman Cumrrr brought 1p the following report.- "To THE RIGHT HON. TiIl ho,D MAYOR .&SD Couns! o0 AiDiRMiEw. "In obedience to an order of this hon. Coust of the 16th of October, 1855, to consider the letter from the First Comnimsioner of Works, &c., relativa to the presentment front the Conservancy Jury for Middlesex as to the impediments to the navigation of the river Thames at Batterses ani Putney bridges, we whose names are hereunto subscribed of your committee for general purpose., do cerot that we proceeded to consider the same, and wrere attended by Mr. lemembraneer, whom we heard thereon, and, baviing directedahim to prepare and send a proper answrer in reply to the said letter, he has accordingly written and sent such letter, 3 copy whereof is hereunto annexed for the information of this honl. Conrt. "WmnLw% CusIT, "D. W. WritE, "Tnomrs Q. yFlssr "M W. CARDEN, "B HIARTLXY ID. "Remembrancer's-offloc, Guildhall, Feb.15. "Sir,-I am directed by the Court of Aldermen of the city of London to aeknowledge the receipt of your letter oE the 3d of August last, stating that you were directed by Sir Benjamin Hai, the Chief Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, &c., to acquint me that he finds that the bridges Batterses and Putney, which are referred to in the resentment sent to him, were built undertle provisions Waofts of Parliament ; that he cannot learn thnat any opposition was offered to the passing of such acts by those who had the conservancy o theThames; and that there ar nofunds at the disposal of the department over which be presides with which the riht of the owners of the bridges in question couldbepurchased. That the chief commissioner-is oE opinion that if the navigation of the river is bstructed the obstructions should be rem ovod by purchase or otherwiso by those who have the eonserancy of the river, and who ihoul& not have allowed the navgation to be interfered with.C " The Court of Aldermen desire me to inform yoe tha ths act for building BatterTa-bridge *a p}ssed in the year 1766,6th of George IIL, cap. 66. "That with refermnoe to 1'utney-brldge the corporxuot. of London presented petitions against the bill to both Houses of Parliament, and were heard by counsel against the bill npon both the petitions, but the act jis notwithsitwug the opvoeition of the corporation to ftinalltg s. "Ihat eith epectto Batter -bridge there do.not appeartoboanyentries in the journils of the corp6ratio. upon the subject of the psing of the act; "That in the year l21 the corporation of London successfully opposed a bi in Parliament for building a bridga over the nver Thames at Lsmbeth, and they have oa other occsions suoeufully opposed bills in PArliamont for bridges over the river Thamea which they consieered would beiniurlous to the na< tion of the river. " That almost every bridge built across theiivc Thnem within the jurisdiction of the corpoatiorr of London-is by their exertions to preserve the free-navigation-of-tI.. river been built with -arches of greater height thai'ouldW other.~ wise have been done. - ~~ - "lIam, Sir, your must obedient servant,- z -"B . TYRnan:Is,.emebheanee The document wa ordered to bo entered in the jouralx o eEtheConrt. and maer the announ.smnit. e tug ddigo e i th wei OQue , badioe*; ; j
LONDON,TVED2NESDAY, JUNEA25, 1856. In the Hlouse of Lords last night, Lord LYND}uRST laid on the table the report of the Select Committee on the Divorce and Matrimonial Bill, and gave notice that on Thursday next he should move that the report be referred to a committee of the whole House. The Joint-Stock Companies Bill passed through committee, after some opposition from Lords OVERSTONE and MONTRAGLE. The Earl of DERBY moved the second reading of his Oath of Abjuration Bill, which is limited to the amendment of the existiDg statute so far as regards the abjiuration of the descendants of the PRE- TENDER. Lord CQi3rEXmL regretted that the bill, instead of amending the existing law, did not repeal it altogether, as it was a disgrace to the statute-book. After some further discussion, the bill was read a second time. Some other business was then despatched, and the Hoise adjourned. In theHouse of Commons the morning sitting was occupied entirely by private business-namely, the third reading of the -Nawab of Surat Treaty Bill, which, in spite of the warm and strenuous opposition of Sir J. HoGG, who moved the rejection of the bill, was carried by a large majority, and the bill passed. When the House assembled for the evening sitting it was coLunted out.
In the days of our youth there used to be storybook-s-where are they all gone ?-of the golden age of English enterprise. There was W3UTTUINoTON, whose master sent an " assorted cargo" to Morocco, and brought back a shipload of gold. There was DRtAKE, who used to watch for the Spanish galleons as a spider does for a fussy, glittering bluebottle. India was supposed to be always overflowing with the precious metals. 'Wherever RoBiXsow CRusoE went dollars, and quadroons, and pieces of eight, and moneys with unaccountable names, were lying in heaps, waiting for the first comer. When the gold minese of America' had brought ruin on their owners the African slave trade revealed a new sLipply of " dust," and the actui saera famies, said to be inherent in the breast .of man, seemed to have its longing. At length, however, there came a sort of gold drought. Guineas became very precious at the beginning of this century, and, had not political economists discovered as a philosophical fact that gold was neither the only form of wealth nor essential to human happiness, nor anything else than a very handy medium of exchange, the world seemed condemned to universal pauperism. There really were people who expected to see the last guinea, in which they also saw the last fragment of wealth, the last element of civilization, the last art and science, the last king, the last bishop, the last nobleman, the last patriot. All the glory of the earth was to vanish as guineas disappeared, and it was only after the conclusion of the great war, when we obtained a little gold and silver with the expenditure of twice as much of our own from South America, and when the Emperor of RussiA was passing rich with a million a-year from the Ural Mountains, that we began to hope the world was. coming round again. The earth had begun to dread eternal poverty. The greatest men of the age busied themselves with devices how to keep the gold in the country, in order that, even if the rest of the world sank to utter barbarism, we might retain for a short time our religion and mauners. In fact, it became a political creed and a religious orthodoxy how to keep the gold in the country, and the balance of trade always in our favour. Gentlemen who knew everything, and who wrote histories in twenty .volumes, made this the first object of their sublimer speculations. So universal was the belief in the omnipotence, the sacred efficiency, and the approaching evanescence of gold, which was to recede from the earth like AsTmR. and the last of the gods, and so profound a conviction was there in the best informed minds that our planet would .isave seen its best days when it had spent its last guinea, that ol-1y ten years ago it was the favourite and only I correct opinion. Yes, even after the repeal of *the corn laws, there were men who held it little else than blasphemy to doubt that we were all on the way to ruin, both of body and soul, because gold was scarce, the supply was limited and threatened with exhaustion, and the British Legislature. rashly neglected the only policy calculated to keep our little stock within our own shores. The fundholder was exposed to an increasing odium. With his fatal gripe on the actual sovereign, he seemed to possess in reversion the whole wealth of the world; and it became an honest, moral, and most reputable opinion, held by.men not at all scoundrels, but rather the reverse, that all honest men ought to join together, repudiate the metallic obligation, and send away the f undholder with an inconvertible bit of rag in full of aU demands. Such was the state of things only ten years ago. There was also another state of things, in a matter, as we are nvw, disposed to regard it, much more important. We possessed magnificent colonies-that is, magnificent islands and shores, which we had colonized with the sinews not of our population, but of our gaols. We had sent there our worst men on the speculation that human nature would recover itself when removed from the corrupting influence of British society and our cherished institutions. No doubt, there was much to be said for the theory in the abstract, but it did not answer in practice. Ye tried to get up an emigration of an ordinary character to these same regions; and in one way or another there did rise up a colonial class with the sentiment of virtue and honour. This proved the ruin of our colonies as penal settlements. The virtuous LOT of the colony was vexed with the evil doings he saw about him, and gave the colony a bad name. So, in one way or another, partly because our Australian colonies were too bad, partly because they were too good, they would not increase and multiply. The industrious and enterprising people of this country preferred the United States, and much scandal was caused by the indecent and almost ostentatious readiness with which people clianged their allegiance from a GEORGE, or a WmrLum, or even a VICrooRA, to a General or a plain Mister residing at Washington. Here we were boasting that we possessed a sort of fifth quarter of the world, yet we could do nothing with it; and up to ten years ago we had not sent to it the population of a London parish or a small Mfidland county. This was a far more substantial and more criminal shortcoming than a short supply of the precious metals. It was a social fact, and a very lamentable fact, whereas the apprehension of universal poverty was only a speculative chimera that had probably derived some of its vitality from the excessive and almost morbid appreciation which certain circumstances are apt to inspire for one of the higher coins of therealm. The fact told very seriouslyon that class of our population which may be said to represent our rising energy, education, skill, and physical power. England was full of ill-paid labourers, ill-paid clerks, shopmen, porters, engineers, farmers, and labourers. They did not know whither to go. The climate of Canada was supposed to be rather against them. The authorities, the gentry, and the clergy would not countenance emigration to the United States; while Australia, besides its immense distance, was conitaminatedc with a convict population. It produced a good deal, but there was nobody to eat it, and nothing could be done even with sheep but to clip their wool and reduce their careases to tallow. It was in vain that philanthropists and politicians pictured to our starving population a country under the British flag wlhere good mutton was burnt by waggonloads, because there was nobody to eat it. The people would not or couldl not go; and, though every village clergyman, churchwarden, and even postmaster was instructedc to distribute bills offering assistance to emigrate, the appeal was in vain ; a few score parish emigrants a-year was all that came of it. We are speakina of anticipations not yet ten years ago. Now the wonder is all the other way, and men ask how it is that with the enormous influx of the precious metals so little comes of it. Have our readers perused the letter from iiMelbourne in our Monday's paper? It appears that from one province of Australia we are now receiving at the rate of 3,000,000oz., or 12,000,0001. a-year. It has nearly doubled upon last year, and is still rapidly increasing. The increase isj against all opinion, for there is no point on which people are more incredulous. It has been said over and over again that these or those dig-i gings were worked out, that machinery never would have a chance against manual labour, and. that crushing was slow work against washing. Every such prediction has been falsified,- and it appears that laws of social progress vindicate themselves even in that rude state of society. Labour finds it worth its while to divide profit with the capitalist. The "rocking " cradle" is worked by the horse, the bucket gives way to the pump, and both in their turn give way to steam. The quantity of British manufactures poured into the colonies, in return for its few but precious exports, constitutes a new andu astonishing feature in our commercial condition. It is true that so much was sent to Australia on speculation that there was at one time great loss; and a class of economists, in their usual search for mares' nests, discovered that the balance of trade was against Australia. However, this is a sort of evil that soon rectifies itself in an infant and prosperous colony, just as a child with a vigorous constitution can soon give a good account of a little extra feeding. A good deal of the supposed excess was invested in the colony for the benefit of new settlers, and a good deal was " sacrificed" at uhe cost of the importers. A little time since there was a redundant . supply of a class of persons who are redundant everywhere,-that is, persons of bothi sexes who expect a competence without much exertion, who cannot dig, and don't know what else to do. The cost of all the necessaries of life became enormous; useful enterprise received a check from the high price of food, and the candle was burnt at both ends in a large consumption and short supply. It is not so now. There has been a great falling off in the immigration; mouths and hands are fewer; the market for all provisions is abundant, and, though wages, are nominally much lower, yet labourers, artisans, and domestic servants are both much more in request and better off than they were.. It is calculated'! that the colony-we are speaking of Victoria, but we believe it to be the same with the other Australian colonies-would readily absorb any reasonable amount of serviceable labour that could now be sent to it ; and it is rather important that the supply should be maintained. At present the rate of arrivals this year iz only about 18,000 a-year, against 50;000 last year, in the face- of the fact that the gold yield is double, all provisions twice as cheap, and the balance of exports and imports very much in favour of the colony. Here, then, is Australia suddenly, by magic, sprung up. into a colony of "wealth beyond the dreams of " avarice," receiving, and still inviting, immense accessions of British labour and skill, giving new impilse to our manufactures, and opening visions of imperial grandeur far surpassing any we ever formed across the Atlantic, or found in our Indian possessions. Within ten years-withill Eeven, we have an influx of gold from those despised penal settlements exceeding the revenue of the East India Company. MIeanwhile agriculture, the arts and sciences, and all the permanent institutions of British and civilized society, establish themselves at the call of the digger, and will probably maintain themselves even if his trade should one day fail. It is not we or our policy that has wrought this change; a higher Power has done it in spite of us; but the change is made, an empire has been founded, and we shall not see the end of it.
A plunge into American domestic politics is like taking a " header" into Scylla and Chaiybdis. The boiling vortex dashes from side to side, sinks into blackness, rises into foam, and lashes itself into fury, while the air on all sides is rent with screams and howls, and strange, uncouth names invade the ear,-" Know-nothings," " Filibusters," "Niggerdrivers," "Anti-Niggerdrivers," "Nigger"Worshippers," " tickets" of all kinds, " De" mocratic tickets, " " Opposition tickets," "compound Opposition tickets," " combination "tickets." All this discord rages, every material of strife within the Union comes into play, and all chaos is set. loose on the approach of the great act of the revolving drama of American life-the election of the President. Now all the forces of the political hemisphere array themselves, and parties, and divisions of parties, and subdivisions of divisions, and crossdivisions, and combinations in and out, form and reform; one is tried and won't do, and another is taken up; the unsuccessful formations are thrown aside as soon as born, like the imperfect infants under the Spartan code, and others are made-all this with immense rapidity and clamour, till every manceuvre is exhausted, every experiment tried, the changes of the kaleidoscope are spent, and the storm dies out with the finale of the new President. First in political importance, activity, and power of uniting, come the Democrats. These, as our lNew York contemporary says, (cnotwith"standing their bloody rows, revolvers, bowie- mknives, and bludgeons, their assaults and bat"teries, and intestine feuds and quarTels, rally "like a band of brothers upon a common ticket "for the great common object of the spoils," which have been, we are told, " augmented " umder our PiERcE Administration to the "magnificent democratic figure of one hundred "million (dollars) a-year." These have chosen their man in Mr. BucuuAw. Then comes a string of parties and factions that want to unite, in opposition to the Democrats, upon some other man, but have not as yet been able:- "First, there are the Pro-slavery Know-nothings, "with their ticket of FIL=oRE and DoiS-oxs. Second,there are theAnti-slaveryKnow-nothings, "who are to determine in general Convention on "the 12th where they are to go. Third, the "Nigger-Worshippers proper, who hold their nomi"nating convention at Philadelphia on the 1Tth. "Lastly, there are the Radlical Abolitionists, with "their banner floating in the breeze, bearing the "names of GERRIT SETH, a highly respectable and "estimable white man, except upon the nigger ques"tion, and FxmnuIcK DOUGLASS, a shrewd and " smart mnlatto fugitive from Southern labour, who " can make a stump speech, edit a paper, or cook " or eat a dish of fried oysters in a style almost "equal to that of our celebrated ' free coloured "' American,' the great T. J. DowmxnG himself." The Opposition side, then, to the Democratic appears to consist of two main parties-one a patriotic religious party, the other a philanthropic religious party. The "Know-nothings" take the genuine Yank6e, as opposed to the emigrant; they are afraid of the fornmer element being absorbed in the rapid growvth of the new citizen population which every day brings over from the Old World; and, so large a proportion of this being from Ireland, the opposition to the emigrant element is naturally combinedc with apprehension of the Ronman Catholic. The "Know-nothings," however, stiffer, as a party, from the great dividing question of slavery, and are split up into " Pro"slavery Know-nothings" and " Anti-slavery "Know-nothings." This is the " Know-nothing" party. The other, or the philanthropic religious party, is the Anti-slavery one ; and this appears. to be split into " Nigger-Worshippers proper, or " the Radical Abolitionists," and another and more moderate section. On a first survey of the field, then, and a prima facie comparison of forces, our New York contemporary expects every one to anticipate that " the united Democratic party will, against ".such conflicting elements, have nothing "to do but to walk over the course, and "walk into the loaves and fishes without resist" ance." But a closer view, he thinks, corrects this certain expectation, and makes the issue more doubtful. The National Council of the "Know-nothings" has, indeed, been wvasting time "ir discussing rituals, passwords, signs, grips, " winks and blinks, and such preposterous rub"bish ;" aiid the first day's session was only attended by " Southern men." The " Northern. " men," however, attended the second meeting, and the attendance has been ever since "singa" larly punctual among the brethren, earnest andI "solemn, like that of the poor Jews in their "Sanhedrim, when their doomed Jerusalem was beleaguered by Trrus." Twvo lines of action, then, have been before this Council and undergoing its consideration. The first is tllat shelving FIImuOmE and DoxzLsox. This line, observes our. contemporary, has its advantage; for it might be possible, perhaps,to find some third nomiinee, who, while not -inobjectionable to "the South," would be more pleasing to " the Northl"-some "f flexible anti"niggerdriving tickef 'upon which all "Northern "opposition would be fused"--some "combination " ticket" which would unite " Pro-slavery Know"nothings, Anti-slavery Know-nothings, and Nig"ger-Worshippers to the end of a dead set "against the niggerdriving democracy from stemn "to stern." The second line of policy discussed by the Council has been that of retaining Mr. FLLMORE as the nominee upon the merits of " his conciliatory and, peace-preserving foreign "policy, in opposition to the rampant filibustering "proclivities of the loose democracy." As our contemporary thinks over the subject, and weighs the different materials of support and opposition, he evidently inclines to the latter policy:-" Let "a compound opposition ticket be adopted in the' "North,. and carry all the Northern States but "two or three, and all that will be required for "Ir. FurulIORE in the South wll be to secure the States of Delaware, Maryland,. Kentucky,i and " Tennessee." Such appear to be the materials of the approach- ing contest for the American Presidency. On Lthe one hand are the Democrats, who appear, contrary to our associations with this party name in this country, to have formed an aliance with slavery, and so to have won the name of " igger"drivers ;" on the other hand is the old genuine Yankee blood, with its hatred and contempt of the emigrant and Romanist, and the anti-slavery cause. 31r. BucaAwA is the nominee of the former party, while the Opposition is compelled, inrorder to conciliate the South, to moderate its hatred of slavery, and choose Mr. FHffmonR "as a " saving compromise between Nigger-Worshippers " and Niggerdrivers." But with this general position of parties cross attitudes and cross relations and interests mingle. The South, which is pleased with the Democrats on the slavery question, is opposed to them on the Englsh and war question. The Southern States would suffer so frightfully by a war that, independent of any real love of peace he may have, we are not surprised at President PIERCE's exceedingly cautious and soft tone on this subject to our Govermnent. " The South" was before his eye when he dictated -these despatches. Not but that even this cross sentiment of the South agaiiist war is itself crossed by another sentiment. The South is so disgusted with Northern anti-slavery fanaticism that one journal has even hailed a war with England as furnishing an opportunity of abandoning the American Union altogether and joining us:- "We are heartily sick and disgusted with the canting and mercenary hypocrites of Yankeedom. This war ill enable us to get rid of them, or turn the tables upon them, and render them a source of profit, instead of expense. It will enable us to regain our own-pilfered from us by many a sharp transaction. It will enable us to build uap our country by the recapture of the milions of which we have been plundered. It will enable us to get rid of Yankee Presidents, andto preserve Anglo-Saxon freedom, by reviving the old connexion with the mnother country. (Who would not rather be ruled over by a lady, like Queen Vie., than anynasal-twangodgcntlcen7a7 that Yankeeland can produce?) It will enable us, with the Tnited States South on one side, in close alliance with England and Canada on the other, -.eryspeedily to bringtheso long-prayered sharpers to their senses, by confining them to the starving soil on which they were born and to the thin air around them." Amid this raging medley of parties and interests which the election of an American President calls forth tse have only one object to keep in -view, and that is, to procture the settlement of our American disputes, if we can, before that election takes place. Mr. P=WRcs great question was the CRA.%mToN one, and, that having failed, he has no interest now in raising difficulties on the Central American one. But Central America is MIr. BucnA?AN's pet question, and, if it is allowed to hang on till he is President, we do not know what obstacles may be raised to a settlemrent. It is pretty well known what 3JIr. BucHxaNAvs card is, and we may have to encounter a policy which will aimi at erecting a proud and famou% Presidency upon English loss and humiliation.
WYhether shall vwe drink or breathe poison? This seems to be pretty much the dilemma in which, according to Mr. SDro2N, we are placed just now. If we do not apply a sufficient system of drainage to our houses, the most noxious and pestilent effluvia are the consequence-diarrhoea, disease, death. If, too, we do not contrive aud carry out a proper system of drainage, we pour our collected filth into the rivers from 'which our cisterns of potable water are filled. We then drink a fecalized and impure liquid, which will produce upon the human organization pretty much the same effect as vitiated air. In which form are we to have it, then? WiU each Londoner prefer to have his daily modicum of poison in the shape of air or water? The less we drain the more we pollute our air; the more we drain the more we pollute ouLr streams. London is not in respect of its water arrangements nearly in so bad a condition as in former years; but Mr. SDxIo, I whose recent report to the Board of Health has suggested these remarks, looks forward with prescient eye to the time when the collection of urban populations above Teddington Lock and the superior methods which 'will certainly be devised for town drainage will render old Father Thames just as nasty and filthy a creature when he is simmering between his banks about Kingston as when he shamelessly wades among his filth and offal in the very heart of the metropolis. For the momentsuch we take to be the spirit of this report-we are very much better off than 'we were, and not nearly so badly off as we shaU be. Such is the nature and present degree of the evil ; when we seek for a remedy, we must look to oiir engineers and chynists for aid. It will be the duty of the first to carry the sewage away into rese-rvoirs at a certain distance from any running stream from which we may draw ouir supply of water; of the second. to deodorize the products in'such a manner that they may be made available for agricultural purposes. The subject is not very savoury, but it is one in which the health and comfort of the British poplllation are largely involved, to make no mention of the enormous losses annually incurred by the fruitless e-xpenditure of most valuable manure. For the moment we confine ourselves rather to the sanitary aspect of the question. How great a share has filthy water in the propagation of cholera, diarrhcea, and the kindred diseases ? In order to give an answer to this question Mlr. Sitor took nine districts on the south side of the river, in which tho cholera had prevailed with unusual intensity. These districts were in St. Savioiur's, St. Olave's, and St. George's, Southwark, in Bermondsey, Newington, Lambeth, Wandsworth, Camnberwell, and Rotherhithe. It 'wo-Lld have been difficult to select in London nine districts less favourably known to sanitary enthusiasts. Now, throuighout these districts two rival water companies had run their mains. Rouse by house they had fought for possession of the districts; side by side their pipes were laid along the streets; but the pipes of one company were charged with filth, the pipes of the other contained 'water in a reasonably pure condition. The first association is knowvn as the &uzd7T iwva?* a7id -Va ux1a71 Co?iipanyj; the second as the Lanmbeth Comnpanay. The Lambeth Company pumped from the Thames at Ditton; the Southwark and. Vauxhall Comnpany took their water at Battersea. The Southwark and Vauxhall beverage is described "as not only brackish with the "influence of each tide, but contaminated "with the outscourings of the metropolis, swarm"ing with infusorial life, and containing unniis"takeable molecules of excrement." It would seem as though the views of certain inhabitants of. this town, who have steadily objected upon principle to the doctrines of Father 3lAMv, are not entirely destitute of a rational basis. Really it is enough to ma!ke the most temperate man forswear the use of water for the rest of his days to read Mr. Smo-o 's account of pure London lymph. The words quoted above represent our drink when taken from the river; now for the wells. " Gene"rally throughout London bad must be the condi"tion of superficial well-waters ; everywhere fiter"ing from a dangerous proximity to cesspools and sewers; everywhereloadedwith nitrates of ammo"nia; everywhere containinrg evidence that they "represent the drainage of agreat manure-bed; and " everywhere liable at any moment to contain " excremental matter only imperfectly oxidized." It is not nice. To return, however, to the comparison established by MIr. SIr{oli between the houses served respectively by one or otlher of the companies named, it was found that the popu-lation drinking dirty water suffered a mortality 31 times as much as the population drinking other water; As might have been expected, on further inquiry, it was found that j-ast as the quality of the water supplied, suc} bad been the comparative ratio of lmortality as between the tenants of the companies named. All other circumstances remaining -the same, and something like parity between the social I position, dwellinghouses, &c., of the. persons selected for comparison having been established, 'it was made apparent that the more filthy the water the more severe had been the onBlaught of the cholera. Such is the gist of the 'valuablelittle repoit whvich has just been presented to the Board of Health by its Medical Officer. There are plenty of facts and plenty of tables in illustration of the main conclusion. The most remnark-able of these is the circumstance that, in comparing the ravages of the epidemic of 1848-9 'with that of 1854, we find the tables completely turned between the two rival water companies above mentioned. The district supplied by the Southwark and 'Vauxhall Company, which suffered most in 1848-9, suffered least in 1854, owing, as it is stated in the report, to the improved quality of the water supplied by that company. On the other hand, the district supplied by the Iambeth Company, which in 1848-9 suffered in a less degree than that supplied by its rival, exhibited in 1854 a degree of mortality exceeding that of the other in the ratio of 3 to 1, owing to the relative deterioration of its water supply. We have certain doubts, however, as to the necessity of marshalling this stately array of figures in support of so very obvious a doctrine as that filthy water, charged 'with every species of abomination, produces the most * injurious effects upon the human frame. If any gentleman should be somewhat sceptical upon the point, we cau only say, fiAtt' &cri7enl.tum, &c. ; let him try the beverage on himself, and note down the effects, for the benefit of his fellow-sufferers. The defecation of London is not a dream, but a thing to be done. We have no doubt that the task will be accomplished if our fellow-citizens would but turn their thoughts to the enormous necessity which exists for exertion in this direction. London is growing, growing every day, and ex-tending itself in every direction 'with a rapidity 'which bids defiance to all conjecture as to its ultimate proportions. The sanitary conditions of the town will become rapidly more unfavourable unless we take the evil in time, and while we yet have the means of dealing w-ith it. Many points of great inportance have, indeed, been carried, but the sanitary Teformer should not rest content until he has swept away our canopy of smoke, with all its sulphurous infliction, until he has provided proper dwellinghouses for the humbler classes at cheap rents, and, finally, until he has transporfed the whole sewage of London to a distance from the town. Not only humanity and regard for our own safety should urge us to be earnest in the matter, but one still more powerful argument remains,-as a commercial transation it is much to be questioned if there be any enterprise in England which would yield a steadier or more ample remuneration to any persons who entered upon it with rigour and sagacity.
G1UNERAL WVIS AT EfRI;ow.-The fir3t stone of the Memorial Aisle of the new school chapel a Harrow (in honour of theHar.rowoflicess 'whofell snthe Crimnea) will be laid to-morrow. (Thursday), after the eches by Major-General Sir W. Fenv,ick Williams of SaaA large assemblage is expected to witness the interesting spectacle. TH EABRVEST in RussiA.-A letter from St. Petersburg ofthel3th says:-"OnrcropspreseDtanadmirble appearance in all our provinces, aud it is certain that Russia can export an immense quantity of wheatto fordign countries by the ports both of the Black Sea and of the kaltic. The latter in particular will supply wheat to Englacd, but our Government notbeingverytwell disposed towards Sweden will throw obstacles in the way of trade with that country. Steam navigation in the Volga and the Don having become greatly developed, the marked differences now existing in the pnces of wheat from our different provinces will be diminished; but it is only railways that can completely put an end to such a state of things. Already has a company been formed at Moscow for constructing a Xailway from that city to the banks of the Oka, and its capital is ready; but the surveys have not yet been made. There is also a rumour of forming railways from Moscow to Riga and Revel, and of establishing one between those two places. The commerce of the ports of the Baltic is extraordinarily active. Riga and Cronstadt are encumbered with vessels of all countries. Odessa and the other Black Sea ports have not recovered so completelyfrom the effects of the war. but at Odessa there is a good deal of animation, and the place is destined to become more important than it ever was, the Government certainly intending to make it a free port, and even to supjpress what is called ' the fifth of the entrance dues,' which it has hitherto levied; the quarantine, besides, is already completely suppressed. Though the cholera appears disposed to quit us, another calamity has succeeded it-namely, frequent incen. diary fires, which afflict several towns in the empire, and have done a good deal of damage." Tun D1mND Foin LA-Bouit iN ELEoUR&E.-It is not skilled labour so much as unskilled that the colony now requires, and will continue to require, we believe, considerably beyond the limit of its probable supply. When Melbourne was in course of erection, and stores, shops, houses, hotels, and offices were immediatelv and urgently required, the wages of masons, plasterers, painters, and those also of cabinetmakers, upholsterers,-of all whose services were indispensable in orderto prepare dwellings and fit themfor occupancy-rose to a fabulous amount, and it was only by the constant sulpply of competition which immigration furnished that labour of that kind was kept at such a yricc as to be at all accessible. 'The reports given o. the wages received by that class of workmen attracted to MTelbourne an amount of sidlled labour which ultimately reduced thc rates of remuneration, and subsequently, when the urgent demand vwas supplied, this description of labour became redundant. For a short time the reduction of wvges which the altered relation of supply and demand indicated as the means o f remedying the existing' evil was. not at all palatable to the skilled artisans whom the report of high wages had brought to Victoria, but ultimately they accepted their new position. Some reconciled themselves to working for lower wages, some went to the goldfields, and some adopted modes of employment suggested by the state of the market, though diffbrent from what their habits best fitted them to undertake. Along with this relief from the pressure of a superabundant supply in the market for skldled labour there has been of late a considerable stimulus to the demand, and a reference to the labour-market reports for Melbourne and Geelong will show our readers how great is the necessity for an augusentation of our supply of labour, and what is the kind of labour most in request. Female servants, agricultural labour^ers, and labourers on the road are in "great demand," although the wages of female servants are 30l. to 401. per annum, and hbourers on the roads receive from Os. to 10s. per day. The same reports show that skilled labour is in consderable demand, as the wages of carpenters, masons, &c., are quoted at fromu 12s. to 17s. per day.-Mlfoourne Arg?s. AN An1; NsAs FIGB.-The parties -met in front of Myett and Moore's store. 3Mr. Rice, in company with his brother-in-law, Dr. Merritt, had been there for some time waiting for Hindman. About 10 o'clock Hi2ndman passed ia company with Claiborne; Mr. Rice stepped to the door and asked Hindman if he was the author of the article in the Democrat. He made no answer, But put his ihand in his bosom to draw his revolver; Rice also drew a single-barrel pistol, and both fired simultaneously. Rice was not wounded; Hindman was strack in the right breast, the ball coming out of his back near the shoulderblade. It is supposed that the ball passed through his ltody, but our informant could not positively say whether such was the case, or whether the baU passed aroundhisbody, being diverted by the bones. Hndinan fired several other shots at Rice, none of which took effect. DM. Merritt was standing in the door of the store, looking on, when Hindman fired at him, the bal ta'ing effect in his back.. Merritt then turned again, and, resting his pistol on his left arm, iired at Claiborne, the ball striking him on his left side, just above the wist, and, passing through, lodged under the akin on the right side. Hindman then stepped back some 12 or 15 steps, and casled on them to come out in the street and fight it out, and Claiborne then raised a cry for "shot gons," which it appears were provided near byin anticipation of a affay. A Mr. Palmer was approaching with a double-barrelled shot-gun, when he was stopped by Mr. Cate. Rice, on seeing Palmer approach, and having no weapon, ran to the house of his friend, Major Baldwin, where e had been informed he could get a gun. On getting a gunhe returned to the street, but had no occasion to use it, the IDposin parties having fallen from exhaustion, occaaioned y their 'wounds and the interference of their friends. Mtr. Rice was not injured, and leftHelena in the evening for his home in the country. MIr. Hindman's condition was considered somewhat favourable, though still precarious. Dr. Merritt and MIr. Claiborne aro considered mortally wounded, though Dr. Merritt thinks he will recover. The recovery of Claiborne is scarcely possible.-Mcmphis Wkig. CAIUSES (HOuSE OF LORDS).-Another return, yesterday issued, shows that in 1854-55 the number of causes presented to the House of Lords from England and- Ireland amounted to 20, the number from Scotland to 13 (making a total of 33) ; the number of causes standing for bearng at the commencement of the session to 59 ; the number disposed of to 56 ; the number unheard at the close of the session (which stood for hearing at the commencement) to 10; the number of causes set down for hearing during the session to 32; and the total number of causes remaining for hearing at the close of the session to 40.
FOBBIGN 7IfTELLIGENCE. THE EAST. [A. portion of the foUowing appeared in our second editior of yesterday:-] (BY SBAIUIi AIND BRISH TGLRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic delpatch from our Mlarseilles correspondent:- "2 iARS3EILLES, JuNE 24, 7.55 A.X. t' The Thabor has arrived, vith adcvices from Constantinople of the 16th, and from the Crimea of the 14th. " Generals NArMahon, De SaUes, Bazaine, and rEmtange, have arrived. "Despatehes left at 10 last night. "Yotur correspondent, writing from the Crinita on the 14th, says "'Lord Gough left on the 11th for England. MIarshal Pelissier gave a dinner in his honour on the 10th. "'The 7th and 17th Regiments left on the ]lth by the Imperatriz; the 23d and 33d embarked today on board the London, towved bytthe Odin; the 84th embarked at Balaklava on board the Prince Arthur; the 90th, 97th, and 77th embark tomorrow. "'The weather is stormy, without rain."'
FRANCE. (FROME OIU OWN CORRVRPANMP%= I PARIS, MONDAY, JtTNE 23, 6 P.fr. The Emperor, accompanied by the Duke Regent of Baden and the Empress, visited the Trianon yesterday, and the cavalry stationed at Versailles was afterwards reviewed by the Emperor. The actors of the The'atre Frangais played last night at the Palace of St. Cloiud, and those of the Gymnase play to-morro-w night. The same honour-s rendered to the Emperor are paid to the Duke Regent when he appears in public. The Cardinal Legate is occupied in paying his farewell visits preparatory to his departtire, which will take place in a few days. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received " MARSEILLES, JuNE 22. "The Alexandre has just arrived, with accounts from Constantinople to the 13th. "The bank of Mr. Layard had commenced operations. "The number of French at Constantinople was 14,000. "Ten English ships of the line had just passed through the Bosphorus. " The fortress of RedoutKa7eh had just been evacuated by the Turks. " Marshal Pe'issier had fixed the date of the evacuation for the 5th July, from which day the mliEtary protection of the inhabitants wil, cease." " JV-E 22, EVEMNG. "The Constantinople journals just received confirm the ne,ws of the demolition by the Russian troops of the fortifications of Reni and Ismail. The officers of engineers have 2,000 workmen employed under their orders, and the stones taken from the ramparts are shipped on board large barges, and conveyed to Odessa. The Turkish journals, in pointing out these facts, call to nmind the declarations of lord Clarendon, that these fortifications would not be injured. "Forsome days before the packet sailed the Turkish capital was disturbed by the committal of a number of misde. meanours, and the Europeans already regret the French police. "Since the Bairam, diplomatic conferences have been going on with great activity. " The Greek Consul at Alexandria has sent to Syra the brother of General Kalergi, who is accused of having nttered hostile remarks towards King Otho." " HAMBURG, JUNs 23. "The Cressy, screw liner, of 90 guns, which is conveying Lord Wodehouse, the new English A1mbassador to St. Petersburg, has arrived off Copenhagen. His lordship will land at Cronstadt." The Bishop of Arras has left Paris for London, where he will administer confirmation. He intends afterwards visiting Ireland. Count Orloff, on his return from the south of :France, onlly remained in Paris a single night, and has again taken his departure, this time for Ger- many, by the Strasburg Railw ay.I The comrnnercial situation of Paris has not changedc during the week, transactions being still paralyzed by the difficulty of discounting biUs, the badweather, and the inundations. The manufacturers,however, received some important orders from Spain and Rlussia, but particularly from the latter. The <orders from the United States brought by the last packets were very limited, owing to the American market being overstocked with French goods, the sale of which -was slow and unprofitable. In the provincial industrial districts, at Rouen and in Alsace, business is aLso extremely languid. Very few purchases have as yet been effected at Rouen for the fair of Beaucaire, which is held during the second fortnight of July. Manufacturers have, on the other hand, been alarmed by the provisions of the bill doin away with prohibitions in the Customs' result of the discus. sion in the legislative body. In the Paris cornmarket prices have again advanced, and on Saturday the best sorts of flour fetched as high as 103f. 60c. per sack of 157 kilogrammes. Very little business, however, was transacted at that price. Wheat likewise increased, the first quality selling at 56f. and 5Tf. the 120 kilogrammes. Most of the provincial markets are also rising. The accounts from all the departments that have not sufferedl from the inundations continue to describe the growing crops as offering a most promising appearance. Those received from Algeria, Spain, and the principal grain countries of Europe, are likewise most satisfactory. Farmers throughout France have still large quantitiesof wheat in store, and if the markets have been so indifferently supplied during the month it is chiefly owing to the continual rain and the overflowing of the rivers. There was a downward tendency in the price of cattle at the last markets of Sceaux and Poissy, and sales were difflicult in the central and southern markets of France. The inundations, by destroying the crops, have caused a considerable rise in the price of forage, which induced many proprietors and graziers to part with their cattle. The wine trade at Bercy is dtul, anid brandy continues to rise. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 85c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 92f.; and the New Loan at 70f. 90c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,350f.; Great Northern, i,127f. 50c. ; Strasburg, 935f.; New Shares, 850f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,475f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1LO90f. ; Western of France, 930f.; Bordeaux and Cette, '52f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 647f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 780f. ; Bank of Credlit Alobilier, 1,562f. 50c.; Austrian R2ailways, 892f. 50c. Cours Authentm que.-PFAIs, June 23.-Cash Prices.- Four and- -Half per Cents., not reimbursable for 10 years, 92f. 5Cc. 25c. 92t.; ditto second Loan of 1S55 (60 per cent. paid), 92f. 50c. - ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 92f. 50c.; Three per dents.. 70f. 50c. 65c. 80c. 70c. 65c. 90c. 80c.; ditto second loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 70f 85c -ditto Certificates (60 percent. paid), 70f. 85c.; Bank of F'rance, 4,OSCf.; Credit Mobilier, 1,550f. 1,545f.1,550f. 1,565f. 1,560f. 1,562f. 50c. ; Discount Bank, 6SOf.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 92f. 91f. 75c. 92f.; ditto Three per Cents., 58f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 90 89. ; Belgian Four-and-aHalf per Cents., 96A; Romans, 85 84A 1 84; Spanish PasGsives, G 7 ; ditto Three per Cents., 46 , ditto Interior Debt, 41'1. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 35c. ; three nmonth3, money, 25f. 21c. A MIARSEILLES, JUNE 21. There have not been so many arrivals of ships of the line with troops from the Crimea since the termination of the war as during the present week. The ship of the line Trouville arrived in theroads on Sunday afternoon, gaily dressed in honour of the Imperial Prince, and fired a salute. The salute was answered from the Chateau d'If. The Trouville brought 1,260 troops from Porquerolles, which -were landed on Mlonday in small steamers, and she sailed again on Ionday afternoon. The weather was so threatening that she found it expedient to strike her topgallantmasts. The ship of the line Wagram arrived in theroads onMondayfrom Kamiesch, whence she sailed on the 1st inst. with 1,290 soldiers. The steam-frigate Yauban, with 970 troops, from Constantinople; the English transport Balance, from iKamleach, with 1,115 barrels of salt provisions; the French steamer Normandie, from Kamiesch, with 500 casks of bacon, 30 tons of tobacco 800 bombshells and eight horses, towing the American transport Celestial Breeze, with 575 soldiera; the Arustrian transports Zia-3aria, from Kamiesch with 65 troops and 78 horses, and the CavaliereBaumgartner, with a-mmunition, arrived the same day. Tle steam-corvette Phlegeton, from Kaniiesch, with 400) troops; the Imperial transport iNievre, from Kamiesch, with 100 soldiers and 100 orses; the Eng,lish steamer Patrick, from Constantinople the 4th inst., with 140 troops tow- ing the American transport Britannia, with 660 troops and a large quantity of military stores; the Austrian transport Giuseppe-Secondo, from Kamiesch, with ammunition; and the Norwegian transport Hermes, from Kamiesch, with military stores, arrived on Tuesday. The English steamer City of Washington, from Kamiesch the 1st inst., with 1,264 men and a quantity of military stores, arrived on Wednesday, towing the Englsh transport Lord Dalhousie, carrying 600soldiers. TheDalhousie was run into in the Sea of MIarmora by a French war corvette, and much injured. The Dalhousie was overcrowded with troops, being calculated only to accommodate 400 comfortably. During the collision one man was killed, one thrown overboard and drowned, and 15 wounded. The captain of the corvette rendered every assistance in his power, and remained close to the Dalh6usie until she reached Constantinople, where she was repaired. The ship of the line Navarin, wvith 1,050 troops from Kamiesch the 2d inst., and the ship of the line Prince Jerome, with a few troops, having landed at Porquerolles the remainder, which she brought from KEtniesch on the 6th inst., anchored in the roads on Thursday. The Austrian transport Antale, which sailed from Kamiesch on the 7th of May with military stores, and the Norwegian transport Baren-Elisabeth, from Sebastopol on the 27th of April with military stores, arrived yesterday. The troops arrived this week are all in excellent health, and, notwithstanding the addition to the population, the sanitary condition of Marseilles was never better. Thanks to the excellent discipline of the French army,the city is as free from noise or disturbance as if it only contained its usual small garrison. The Artillery which were encamped under Fort St. Nicholas left yesterday, it is said, for Paris, to be incorporated vith the Artilery of the Imperial Guard. They are a noble body of men, and their horses, many of which were landed in an emaciated state, have wonderfuUy improved in condition during the few weeks they stopped here. The captainis of steamers last arrived from Kamiesch state that they left from 20,000 to 30,000 French troops still in the Crimea. Those can be quickly transported by war steamers, but the great delay will be caused in the removal of valuable Russian anchors, glns, and shot. The English captains of steamers chlartered by the French Government state that the French authorities in the Crimea lost a considerable time in loading comparatively worthless iron-hoops and worn-out horse-boxes, while so much valuable property remained behind. The weather here continues variable and cold for the season, and fears are entertained for the ensuing harvest. A further rise has, consequently, taken place in the corn-market. Polish wheat for delivery has risen to 48f. the measure of 170 litres, and to 39f. 50c. for the end of the year. 32,000 hectolitres of Richelle wheat have been sold this week, for delivery, at from 33f. to 35f. 42c. the hectolitre; 3,200 hectolitres African, at from 29f. 37c. to 39f. 62c.; 30,000 hectolitres Polish, for future delivery, at from 23f. 12c. to 27f. 81c. ; 25,000 hectolitres Marioupol, at from 24f. S37c. to 30f. 95c. ; 12,800 Taganrog, from 23f. 75c. to 25f. 87c. Raw silk is in good demand, at an advance in price. 400 bales of Persian, on being landed, were immediately bought up. AIUSTRIA. (MOM OUR OWrN CORnESPONDNU.) VIENNA, JusE 20. The almost exclusive topic of Lconversation is the reply of the Emperor to the address of the Austrian bishops, and the general opinion is that His Majesty gave his clerical hearers a plain hint, that it was not his intention entirely to sacrifice the interests of the State to those of the Church. As it is one of the axioms of the Roman Catholic church that all temporal matters must be considered of secondary importance, the observation of the Sovereign, that he wishes his subjects "to enjoy the good things of this world without forfeiting those of the next," is not exactly to the taste of the reverend fathers in God. The increased, and increasing, influence of the clergy is felt in almost every department of the Administration, and nowhere more than in the bureaux of the authorities whose business it is to superintend the press. The Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Chief of the Police are evidently inclined to defend the interests of the State, but the Ministers of the Interior and of Public Instruction are more Roman than the Romans. The Ultramontane party is determined to get rid of all non-Catholics who are employed as teachers in public institutions, and not long since some of the professors in the General H3ospital received a hint to dismiss their Protestant, Greek, and Hebrew assistants. Now, some of the Vienna medical professors are in such high repute that they would be received with open arms in any of the g,reat German cities, and it is therefore very probable that they will take advantage of their strong position and refuse to attend to the suggestions of the Jesuits. The medical school of Vienna has for the last few years been frequented by students of all nations, but its reputation is supported byhalf-adozen individua-ls whose loss would be irreparable. The Bavarians have recently given a proof of their independence which has quite astonished the natives of the other German States. The Bavarian Government has long wished to make alterations in the juridical system introduced in 1848, and the Lower Chamber has more than once expressed its readiness to give its approval to any desirable modifications whichmight be proposed by MVinisters. Rather more than a year since a plan for a new system was broug,ht forward by Government, but it was so reactionary that it was rejected. The Chamber, which was composed of wealthy landed proprietors,lawyers, professors, and employes, was soon after dissolved. The present Parliament, which principally consists of men in easy circumstances, such as small landed proprietors, merchants, brewers, priests, &c., has just had to decide on the merits of another Ministerial project for the improvement of the juridical system. As the new plan was even more reactionary than its predecessor, it was unanimously rejected. The Upper Chamber subsequently expressed its approval of what had been done by "the Commons." Not long since the clergy in the Lower House made a motion that church property should be exempted from taxation'; but the lay members, although stanch Catholics, held together as one man, and priests and monks are obliged to pay in the same proportion as the other lieges. The Pavarians have enjoyed constitutional govermulent since 1819, and there is not a more thriving and contented nation in Germany. A copy of the concession of the Lombardo-Venetian Railroad Company has been put into my hands, and a brief summary of it will now be given. The grantees (founders) are-Prince Adolphus Schwarzenberg, Count Francis Zichy, and Baron Anselm Rothschild, who represent the Credit Bank of Vienna; the Duke of GaUiera, the Dtike of Melzi, and Count d'Archin, who represent the Italian party; MIessrs. Rothschild, Blount and Co., and Talabot are for France, and iMessrs. Rothschild, Laing, and Uzielli for England. There are 67 articles, and their sense is as follows :-The Austrian Government cedes to the abovementioned gentlemen for the period of 90 years all the Lomrtbardo-Venetian railroads and their appurtenances, with the sole ex- ception of the line from rerona to the TyroL The transfer must be completed by December31, 1856. (It is now going on.) The price to be paid for the cession of the various lines is 100 millions of lire (8d. English). Within three months from the day on which the sanction of the Emperor was obtained to the concession, 20 millions of lire have to be paid, and 50 millions in five successive years, at the rate of 10 millions yearly. The remaining 30 millions of lire to be *paid out of the surplus of the net proceeds, if the superdividend exceeds 7 per cent. During the whole period of 90 years the State guarantees a dividend of 5 per cent., after the deulcltion of all expenses and 2'10 per cent. as a sinLking fund. Until 1861 the grantees have no income-tax to pay. The shares are at 600 lire (200 florins, or 201.), payable to the bearer. The company is at liberty to issue bonds, but their number and value will be fixed by Government. At and from the end of the year 1889, Govermment has a right to redeem the railroads by paying to the company a certain yearly revenue equal to the average net (annual) proceeds of the best of the last five years. RUSSIA. (FRor oz OUR BERLN CORRSPONDMZ'T.) BERLIN, JusxE 22. The military periodicals of St. Petersburg confirm the intelligence of the demolition of the fortifications of Kars, not wholly, but in part ; it appears, however, that this work of destruction did not tak-e place since the peace, but, on the contrary, immediately after the town was occupied by the Russians. General Mfoiuravieff, on taking possesxion of the town, caused all those works to be razed that from strategical reasons appeared to him not expedient to man, as well as other portions of the fortifications, which he foresaw, in the event of Omar Pasha's advancing to the relief of the place, he should not be able to maintain. It is stated now as a settled thing that an entire atmee coips shall in future be stationad in the Crimnea,-a much stronger military force than was ever stationed there previous to the war. It is also said that Nicholaieff is to be made the headquarters of an extensive steam navigation undertaking, such as the Austrian Lloyd. The military commission which I lately reported to you as sitting for the investigation of abuses seems to be directing its attention principally to the thorough breakdown of the commissariat in the late war (tout comme chez i02ts), and to propose to itself as a task the collection and sifting of evidence sufficient to settle the question " whether in future there shall be any commissariat or not." In case of the question being decided in the negative, it is proposed to intrust the whole responsibility of the commissariat functions to the colonels commanding. WVith the experience that we have lately had in England, both before and during the war, such a plan would seem to us not very expedient. The Russians, however, put forward some arguments in its favour which are very characteristic of the state of things in that country. It is averred that in this latter case the colonels would enter into direct relations with the army contractots, and that the latter, thus having to be mulcted of a considerably smaller douceur in return for the contract than would be the case where they had to deal with a multifarious board, could afford to supply better articles. It seems to be now recognized in Russia also that corporate bodies have no souls or consciences, and it is argued that, although most colonels would doubtless take very good care of themselves, there would still be found here and there a man of integrity and honour; each of such instances would be a case of clear profit on the present system. The existence of only a few instances of honest application of the funds for clothing and provisioning the regiments would suffice to exhibit the others in unfavourable contrast, and thus shame them into doing what is right; by the introduction of the new system it would become possible for honest nmen to do their duty, which under the previously existing system of Podvade, or army contracts, it was hardly possible should be the case; where the rodv&dschtschil-s themselves did not take the initiative in procuring a screen for their malpractices by bribing the authorities the officials themselves were always ready enough to ask for and receive a share of the spoil. The whole commission is under the presidency of the Adjutant-General Prince Wassiltachikoff, who distinguished himself greatly at Sebastopol. Each branch of the State Administration seems in its turn to be made to undergo a very thorough revision, with a view to reform,orrevivification; the turn appears just now to have come to the church; but what the nature of the proceedings is likely to be seems at present by no means clear, and therefore the more fertile source of conjecture. The Emperor has within a very short space of time presented to several vacant bishoprics, while certain other sees, that have also been equally long, or still longer, unprovided with their episcopal incumbents, still remain unprovided; a number of vacant seats in the Holy Synod have been filed up without any ostensible reason being adduced for its taking place just now. Some infer that the whole hierarchical coq*s is being completed solely with a view to the church being represented as imposingly as possible at the approaching coronation; others assume that the HolySynod is tob calledupontodeliberateonthe matters about to be made the subject of negotiations with the Vatican, or perhaps to take into consideration the terms of a Concordat to be agreed to with the Papal Chair. What the true meaning of the movement is must be left to time to disclose. It is spoken of in St. Petersburg as a fact, buit apparently without any certainty of its correctness, that on the arrival of the first English vessel at Cronstadt this year the Russian sailors indulged in a considerable amount of menacing execration and bitter invective against the Bag, and that when the crew came on shore it soon came to fisticuffs and a scuffle, in which an Engrlishman was killed. W"hether true or not, it is an incident that, according to the private accounts that reach me of the state of feeling in Rumia, may happen any day where our countrymen come into contact with the Russians. In St. Petersburg, I am told, an Englishman is doubtless safe, except in such parts of the town as are inhabited exclusively by the lower classes; in the rest of Russia it would be unwise of him to expose himself, and in Finland it would certainly be attended with deplorable results for an Englishman to travel alone just now. ITALY. (FROM OUn OWN COnRnESPOiiDES.) TUR1N, Jsx3 20. M. Manin has drawn a host of critics upon himself by his letter on political assassination which appeared some time since in D7ze Times, and subsequently in the journals of Turin. His remarks have been generally objected to as illiberal and uncalled for, and his judgment in assuming the office of monitor greatly criticized. The fact is, Al. Manin has always been wore esteemed by his countrymen for his honesty of purpose than for his discretion or talents. This may only be another illustration of the saying, that " a prophet has no honour in his own country ;" but, by the letter I allude to, as well as by some other epistles recently published by M. Manin, declaratory of a modification of his political views, he has incurred the displeasure of the archprophet of republicanism, who addresses him at great length in the columns of the Italiae e Popolo of Genoa yesterday, and remorselessly menaces further communications on the same subject. " More in sorrow than in anger," M. Mazzini laments the defection of his friend from the republican standard, and the loss in him to Ity of another gem from her crown of illustrious names. ffe regrets to see M. Manin associate himself vith a party which has expressed itself by a " memorandum" tshat would teach Governments how, by local improvements, they may delay, if not conquer, the intentions of men who seek the unity of their common country, and declares the Piedmontese monarchy guide of the undertaking. As to the "theory of the poignard," against which M. Manin has written; M. Mazzini says that, although it has been suggested to him that he himself was obliquely alluded to in those remarks, he at once discards the base idea as unworthy of the author. It is true, M. Mazzini says, that he has constantly urged his countrymen to resist the oppression of the stranger, but neither he nor any other Italian ever advocated isolated acts of vengeance; that "theory" was never broached but once-at Ancona, in 1849-and then the republican Government of Rome immediately placed Ancona in a state of siege, and repressed it with vigour. M. Mazzini proceeds to record some of the most notorious casesof persecutionby the restored Governments since 1849, and ascribes to the irritation caused by such acts thevendetta crimes that have gained Italians the unenviable reputation of a people prone to political assassination. "The theory of the poignardhas never existedinItaly,"saysM.Mazzini; "the fact will disappear when Italy has a life of its own, recognized rights, and justice." He concludes by saying that, seeing things in this light, he has not the courage to throw a stone at a people because they presume to represent that social justice abhorred by tyranny, and he quotes many instances from history, both sacred and profane, to prove that patriotism has been held to sanctify what would otherwise be mere vulgar assassination; wherefore, he says, he cannot, I like M. Manin, hurl anathemas on such assailants, neither can he brand them as cowards, or accuse the party of instigating them. The reply of theTuiscan Govermmenttothe Austrian circular of the 18th of May has not been found altogether satisfactory at Vienna, it is said. That reply was conceived in terms too mild to please, and the denial of Sardinia's right to speak in the name of Italy nothaving been re-echoed, while it thanked Austria for her championship of the cause of Italian sovereigns, it was naturally looked upon as a temporizing instrument. It would appear, from this that the conviction which seemed to be breaking on the mind of M. Baldasseroni, when he risked his official position last April in persuading the Grand Duke not to conclude a concordat, that Austrian influence in Italy was on the wane has become stronger with the progress of events. This document, therefore, is a not insignificant token of I the change coming over even the supporters of absolutism when free from the blinding influence of priestcraft; and ; correspondent at ElQrence tliklc it also worthy of observation that 31. Landucci, the Minister of the Interior, had been lately more than usually attentive to the French Minister there, the Prince Latour d'Auvergne. It has been said that the Sardinian Government has edited a reply to the Austriancircular, but this is not the case, and I am assured that it has no intention of doing so, as it has every reason to feel satisfied with the manner in which that circular was received by the great Powers, and the assurances of friendship towards Sardinia which it elicited. From Rome I hear that the views of the French and Austrian representatives regarding the reforms .to be proposed to the Holy See are evidently diverging more and more every day. Six new Cardinals have been named, among whom is Monsignor Grassellini, pro-legate at Bologna. General Broglia, the newly appointed Sardinian envoy extraordinary at the Court of St. Petersburg, leaves this to-morrow for his post, passing through Paris, Brussels, and Berlin on his route. He is at present only accompanied by his son and aide-de-camp, but will be joined before the coronation by two field-officers, Colonel Petitti, of the Staff Corps, and M,ajor Cugia, of the Artillery, besides several attach6s of Leg,ation. NAPLES, JuJnE 19. When I wrote my last report of the political trials I felt confused and dazzled like one who has been attending an astounding spectacle. The figure, the manner, the expression of that monk were before my eyes. - As he appealed- to the crucifix which hung behind the chair of the President, his invocation of God to witness the truth of his statement was finer by far than anything I ever witnessed of stage effect. It thriUed through me and it thrilled through the audience, and perhaps tnere were some points, therefore, which I did not sufficiently dwell upon. As I consider this trial of great importance in illustrating the vwdus agendi in Naples, I must be permitted, then, to retrace my steps, and to make one or two observations omitted by the way. On Mlignona's being asked to account for the papers which were found in his hat and his room, he replied that he did not know how they gotthere, and added that he had signed the police report on the infliction of 30 lashes, accompanied by words and acts of the most insulting, and obscene character. Pierro, the " penitent" informer, had charged him, among other things, with a conspiracy mi favour of Mlurat; but on the trial he contradicted himiself, he introduced new matter and accused fresh persons, so as to compel the President, with a calmness and an impartiality wonderful in a Neapolitan magistrate, to charge him with "dirergeaze esselziale." Another point on which I desire to be more explicit is the testimony of Padre Luiz Peppa, on the second day of trial. A confession hostile to one of the accused had been extorted from him by Campagna, and signed with a false date in the cell of Padre Ruggiero. Peppa began his declaration by saying that he had longed for the day of trial, to tell the truth of what he had suffered before God and man. He had been arrested with Ruggiero; in prison he had been tempted by offers of liberty, and menaces of exile and the ergastolo to confess against Ruggiero. He had signed the report of police without reading it; but all to the disadvantage of Ruggiero was false. " Why did you not make this statement before me when you came to make a second deposition?" asked the Attorney-General. Peppa reDlied, "I was accompanied from my prison (c-ini2w7e) to your presence by the Chancellor, who had been employed by Campagna to draw up the first deposition. On the road he held out hopes of liberation if I would confirm that deposition, and menaced me with fresh brutalities if I contradicted it." That same Chancellor was employed bythe Attorney-General to draw up the second deposition which was inserted in the atto di accusa. The fact was not denied, the Attorney-General confessing that he had employed this man as his amanuensis. You have now the principal facts of the case down to the last day. The trial will be resumed, it is said, on the 25th, having been interrupted in order to take the depositions of some galley slaves in the Bagni of Pzocida. Of course, the incidents of this tial are so much fuel added to the fire, and I believe that nothing but hope in the West saves us from abortive attempts at throwing off bondage. Even the e2npZoy6s are in a most discontented and excited state, and, as one of them said to me yesterday, would take the Sultan or the devil if it was only for a change. We can endure it no longer. Meanwhile there are certain visible proofs, not to be despised, of the agitation which exists. The reactionary effort in Santa Lucia last week was an important fact in a country where we walk upon concealed fires, and a spark only is needed to put all in a flame. On Monday night, too, alffichcs were found on the walls to the following effect:-" Viva la costituzione I" " Concittadini! siamo governati da un Caino, e moriremo come Abele se non ci ribelliamo." Storms, be it remembered, do not come on iu these southern climes moderately and gnradually-a cloud in the horizon, large as a man's hand-a fleecy spot, and down they burst. There is a wonderful resemblance between the natural and the moral world here, and I apprise you of the earliest indications of excitement. WNil the Western Powers do nothing to avert a catastrophe, or will they still prattle about Divine rights, and suffer themselves to be cajoled by Austria ' As regards Sicily, I hear that it is reaUy in a more excited state than this coumtry. Prince Castelcicala, after a protracted absence, returns in four or five days to twirl his moustache and sign superior orders. The Palermitans, with characteristic wit, lately erected to hin a statue of salt. A report goes the round of the city that a petition, signed by many thousand Italians, has been presented to the King, praying for the constitution of 1812. Many other details are added, which I forbear to repeat, as I cannot guarantee them. In short, " al di quh," and " al di la del Faro," there is a tiptoe state of disquietude and expectation inconsistent with all order, prosperity, and progress, and only to be put a stop to by just and reasonable concessions. His Majesty came to Naples the day before yesterday; for a long time he has been living in seclusion, giving audience to no one. The f6te of San Liuigi has tempted him out. We had a grand procession last night, in which the Elite of the Neapolitan army were condemned as usual to accompany cibori4s and sanctuarians and saints and singing boys and singing girls, while their Majesties and al the various branches of the Royal famcily, dow to the babe in the nurse's arms, were to be seen on the balcony of the Palace on their bended knees. Pity it is that the inauguration of the first stone of a railwvay could not tempt His Majesty out, even though he was in the capital; but then St. Luigi is a popular saint, and has many thousand devotees. The recent decrees regarding the price of silver and the exportation of grain maybe alluded to as a proof of the unfair character of this Government. I am confirmed in my opinion, by many others who understand the subject much better than I do, that thistainpering wiith the price of silver is a violation of international treaties. We are guaranteed the same rig,hts, and so are the French, as are enjoyed by the most favoured nation. Now the Spanish dollar is permitted to circulate here at the permament value of 121 carlini, unaffected by any changes in the value of silver, while the 5f.-piece is reduced from 111 carlini to 10 carlini and 6 grains. Admitting, as our Crown lawyers have decided,that every Goveimment has the right to regulate its own Mint, even in the absurdest and most impolitic manner, still it has no right to refuse to one country the privileges which it accords to another. Eere lies the whole gist of the question, and I call your particuLar attention to it as one which materially affects the interests of all British residents. As to the export duty on grain, I will tell you how it acts as regards England. Orders have been received here by British merchants to purchase Barletta wheat at 62s. the quarter on board; but it so happens that the price here is 65s. the quarter on board, to which if be added 7s. the quarter for freightage,we have it in England at 72s. the quarter at the least. Freights are remarkably low at present. In fact, everything has been kept back until no longer needed by the foreigner, and the decree may be regarded as being a great deceit. The exchange on London was fallen to 518. EDuca=Ox EN IREN.AD.-The annual report of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland refers chiefly to points of detail. They have made certain ilterations in the course of stucdies for the candidates at the competitive examinations for the exhibitions or R.oyal scholarships founded by them in Trinity College, and have spent, on repairs and improvements at the different schoolhouses ana premises under their control, such smns of money as the exigencies of each case and the amount of funds enabled them to do. The diocesan schools are, many of them, in the same unsatisfactory state as before, and they are daily begomiing more and more dilapidated.
TUIYiEY., [The foflowing appeared in our second edition of yesterday :-] iFRO?J OUIR OWN CORRESPONF.Nvx I -COSTANTflOPLEi; JUNE 12.. The end of last week was taken up by the visits of the Bairam, which form, so to say, part of the festivities. Among the mass of the people this simple psimitive feature remains as a demoiistation of friendship and goodwilL They send each other small presents, make up little qnarrels, renew old acquaintances, and form new ones. In the official world they form part of the etiquette of the service, which was formerly strictly regulated.by laws and customs. Thus, one of -the exclusive prerogatives of the Grand Vizier, according to the statute of Mahomed' the Conqueror, -was to receive all the great civil and military dignitaries ml their Court dress on this occasion. Now that the observanceof all theseceremoniallaws is no longer so strictly kept up, the visits at the Bairamhaveassumed the character of a political horoscope, by which one can divine the men whose star is rising or those whose star is setting, the first being greeted by crowds, the latter forgotten even by friends. This political horoscope was certainly not very favourable to the present Ministers; exceptbytheir en7ployes,they were nearly deserted, whiletheir antagonists had crowds about them. A good pretext for this demonstration was the absence of the Grand Vizier, the legal representative of the M1inistry, while the Kaimakan is only the nominal head of it' without any power. While the Turks were thus busy -with the feasts and visits of the Bairam, the mongrel population of Pera and Galata became all of a sudden haunted by visions of the horrors which are in store for all Christians in Turk-ey as soon as the last red coat and the last red trouser shall vanish in the haze of the Sea of Marmora. The more imaginative see already colossal yataghans suspended in the air, and all the rivers of Turkey red with blood. MIany who have lived their whole Lves in this country, and who have witnessed, of course from this side of the water, the insurrections of the Janissaries, without dreaming of the necessity of any other protection than that of their respectiveambassadors,ministers,andchargds d'affaires, seem all at once convinced of the necessity of an armry of occupation to guarantee their throats. It is not difficult to see that these presentiments are conjured up from their pockets. Theynever had known before the sweets of an army of occupation and of generous European commissariats, and, as the epoch of their departure approaches,they grow sad, and melancholy is notoriously the mother of visions. For those who have no such visions stories are circulated and invented of horrible murders and robberies, which now form our tabletalk, and the local papers have become criminal records. The only thing which is overlooked in this otherwise not unskilful manceuvre is, that the scene of most of these horrors is Pera and (lalata, aud the authors of them the scumi of the population of those places, and that the motive of all is robbery, and not religious hatred. Excesses of this kind, and a more or less unsettled state, must naturally be expected after a war of two years, which interrupted the regular course of Government, and which will now leave idle many individuals whom it had fed; but these are affairs of the police and of the internal adniinistration of the country. 40,000 zabtecs are paid-at any rate, ought to bepaid-all over the countryforthis purpose; and, if these are not sufficient, there are at the present moment in Constantinople alone between 60,000 and 70,000 men, regular troops, doing nothing. Under these circumstances it would be rather too much to ask from the good nature of the aDies to go on spending millions, to chase away the nightmares of sensitive- Perotes and fill their greedy pockets. As for the idea that the presence of an army of occupation at' Constantinople would be a check to the bloodthirsty projects of fanatic Mlussulmans, if such projects really existed in consequence of the Hatti-Humayoun it is a pure illusion. Indeed, no' better means could be invented to rouse fanaticism thanthe continuedpresence of those to whose agency andpressure tne unpopular measures are attributed, especially as such a presence would be interpreted by interested motives, and take away entirely that prestige which the allies have now established in the eyes of the East by their hitherto uninterested and high-minded policy. Not less of an illusion is it to believe that an army of occupation at Constantinople would be really an efficient means to put down an outbreakof fanaticism throughout the country. Constantinople alone, in such a case, would require 50,000 or 60,000 men; so, unless Europe is prepared to keep 200,000 or 300,000 men divided all over Turkey for years to come, a lesser army would irritate only, but not intimidate. It is by wise reforms in all branches of Govern. ment, which are calculated to bring together the different religious communities, that the uneasiness created by the hasty generalities of the HattiHumayoun can be allayed, and allayed it must be, not repressed, if there is to be' an independent Turkey, as the Treaty of Paris says. The last troops of the Turkish Contingent are arriving from Kertch. There is now only the 12th and part of the 4th Regiment remaining. General MIitchell, who, as you will remember, held the command of the Contingent after General Vivian's departure, has arrived. With the superfluous stores and arms remaining, the Polish Legion is to be fitted out in the most perfect way; what remains after that will be sold here. The French are fast shutting up their hospitals. Out of 16 which they had only eight are kept up. They are hard at work repairing the Russian Palace, and effacing the traces left by its use as a hospital. The Agamemnon passed through last Friday, with the Coldstreams on board, for England. A large sailing ship brought the 2d battalion of Rifles. The Belleisle came down this morning with the down 88th Regiment. The Adelaide brought down artillery, and, having coaled in the Bosphorus, went on. We were disappointed by the last mail; scarcely any letters, and no papers. Not sven' the Queen's messengerarrived. The mail was detained by the inimdations of the Rhone, which made the railway impracticable. The disappointment was so much the greater as the great brevet of the 29th ult. is awneously expected. N!o death occurred at the Scutari h3ospitals last week.
FATAL DUEL.-On Sunday week a fatal duel occurred at Bayou. Sara, Louisiana. A man named Robertson, a native of Ohio, had recently become editor of a Know-Nothing paper at Bavou Sara, and was soon engaged in a newspaper war with Mr. M;arks, editor of a Democratic paper, the Caddo lcKs, Shreveport, Louisiana. Marks finding himself worsted in argument, challenged Robertson to fight it out, which the latter declined. Marks then informed his adversary that, as he was a coward, he should punish him wherever and whenever he found him. Accordingly,- on Sunday week, Robertson went into the post-office for letters, &c., when Marks tapped his antagonist on the shoulder.; when Robertson turned round Marhs declared that he was ready for hin; to whiclh the former replied, "And so am L" They commenced firing at each other, several of the balls taking slight effect. Robertson stood his ground, bu' his adversary kept up a running-fire, whenRobertson was brought to the ground. At this stage of the proceedings: Marks's brother entered the arena, and the duel was now triangular, for each fired at Robertson, he returning on either brother, but he soon received a shot in the scuU which instar,taneously proved fatal. Robertson leaves a wife and child. He was considered a competent editor, and was much liked, although only two months a resident of Bayou Sara. it is said that on the day after the fatal fiht the duel was to have taken place between the parties, No arrests were made.-Avicrican papcr.
TE PENINSULAR MAThS. (BY =3Tic3d TELEGRMCHE) SOU1MAMPTON, T3EsDAY ERs'tig.. By the Penidiular and Oriental steamship Ta9gas, Captain Christian, with the Peninsular mail, we have dates from Gibraltar to June 15; Cadiz, 16; Lisbon, 19; Oporto, 2D} and Vigo, 2L The Tagus bring 59 passengers, 2,20D. in specie, and a cargo consisting principally of oranges, lemons, eggs, and wine. Daring the homeward voyage the Tagus, on the 20th inst., off Oporto, signalled the steamer Qaeen, and off Cape Seleiro the mail steamship Madrid; on the 22d she passed the steam-transport Ripon, standing tothe southward. The Tagus left the French steamer Fenix, and Mr. Boachetti Shea's yacht Star of tlba Sea anchored at Lisbon on the 19th. The Hydaspes, with troops from Balaklava, coaled at Lisbon, and left on the 18th for Spithead. The Lisbon exchanges for three months are quoted by this packet at 54i to% on London; Paris,] S 20; Am.. sterdam, 43A; Hamburg, 49k; and Genoa, 517. The supplies of both bills and money were limited. Stocks and shares had improved after the Ministerial crisis, but the market was again dull when the packet left-say, Three per Cents., 43 to 43A ex dividend. Bank of Portugal shares, 500 to 505 milreis each; and Oporto a;nk shires, IS to 2) per cent. premium. No change had taken place in political affairs at Lisbon. Several congratulatory addresses had been presented to the late Ministers. Exchange at Gibraltar was quoted-on London, 50Q; Paris, .3 3Sc.
COURUT CIRCULAR. The Queen held a Privy Council and Court at Bucldniham Palace yesterdLy afternoon. The 1rivy Council was attended bv his Roy-al Highness Prince Albert, Viscount Palmerston, First Lord of the Treasury; Sir George Grey, Secretary of State for the Home Department; the Earl of Clarendon, Secretary of State for Foreiga Affairs; Lord Panmure, Secretary of State for War; Sir Charles Wood, First Lord of the Admiralty; the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, President of the Board of Contro'l; the Right Hon. Mr. T. Baines, Chancellor of the Dnchy of Lancaster; Earl Spencer, Lord Steward Mm artis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain; and the Duke of Vellington, ILaster of the Horse. Hfer lMajesty having been pleased to appoint the Right Hon. John, Viscount Sydney, to be Lord-heutenant of the county of }ent, hisLordship tookthe customary oaths before the QZueen in Council. The Queen having been pleased to appoint the Right Hon. Anthony, Earl of Shaftesbulry,to beI,srd-Lieutenant of Dorsetahire, the noble Earl likewise took the usual oaths. The Hon William Bathurst was the Clerk of the Council Atthe ourt the Hon. John' Duancan Bligh had an audience of the Queen, upon retiring from his post as British Ifinister to the King of Hanover. Mr. Bligh ws presented by the Earl of Clarendon. Mr. Arthur C. Magenis, the Queen's Envoy Extraordinary and Mnister Plenipotentiary to the King of Sweden and Norway, was presented to Her Majosty at an audience by the Earl of Clarendon, on returning from Stockholm. Mr. Cramipton, late Envoy Extraordinary and MEnister Plenipotentiary to the United States of A merica, was presented to Her Majesty at an audience by the Earl of Clarendon. Viscount Palmerston, Sir George Gray, and the Earl of Clarendon had audiences of the Queen. Her Majesty was attended by Field-marshal Viscount Combermere, Gold Stick in Waiting; the Earl of Mlulgrave, Treasurer of the Household; Lord Ernest Bruce, ViceChamberlain; Visoount Drumlaurig, Controller of the Household; Lord Ri*ers, Lord in Waiting;'and General Sir Edward Bowater, Groom in Waiting. The Prince Consort rode on horseback with the Prince of Wales yesterday morning, attended by Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. Prince Frederick William of Prussia, attended by Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein, left Buckingham Palace shortly before 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon for Claremont, to pay a visit to the Countess de Neuilly. His Royal Highness travelled by the South-Western Railway, and returned to the Palace about 7 o'clock. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited the Queen. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester at Glocester-house. His Royal lEghness Prince Albert andhis Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prussia honoured the Adelphi Theatre with their presence in the evening. In attendance were Lord Rivers, Baron Moltke, Lord Charles Fitzroy, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. Mr. John Wood, Chairman of the Board of Inland Revenue, and Mn. lressly, Deputy-Cbairman, had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday at his official residence in Downing-street. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat yesterday. Present,-the Chancellor of the Dachv of Cornwall, Sir J. Patteson, Sir W. Mule, and Dr. Lushington. The appe from the Prerogative Court, "Earlar v. lane," B as resumed. Despatches were received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Governors of ?N'ew Brunswick and Malta.
DEATH OF Gm-EnAL Sin J. Wnsox, K.aDB.- General Sir J. Wilson, E.C.B., Colonel of the 11th (North Devonshire) Regiment of Foot, died on Monday mornoingt his town residence. The gallant General had seen much active service from the spring of 1794 up to the close of the war, in 1815. Sir John served in the West Indies -in 1796, and was present at the capture of St. Luncie, inCluding the siege of Morne Eortunce; also at the taldng of St. Vincent, including the o erations against the forts in that island. In July folowing lhe was made prisoner and carnied into (luadalouie. in January, 1797, lhe was captured again in the tBritish ChanneL. Inl1795he was at the takng of Minorca. In 1800 he took part in the e.xpedition against Cadi, and inthe folloinug year proceeded wvith the army to Egypt, and vas presentminthe actions of thel13th and 21st of March, and duing the whole of that cam ign. lEe proceeded to tha Peninsula in 1808, and fougft at the battle of Vimiera, where he was severely wounded. In January the succoeding year he joined the Lusitanian Legion, and acted with that corps during an arduous period of service in which he was repeatedly engaged with the enemy, being employed in covering Ciudad Rodrigo anad Almeida. He -was attached to the Portuguese army in June, 1810, and during the subsequent operations against Mfarshal Soult, as we7l in the Nlorth of Portugal as on the Eastern frontier, he commanded an advanced corps of Marshal Beresford's army. In ftril, 1811, he was appointed second in command to General ;ilveira, in the provmce of Tras os Montes, and acted as such during a period of the operations against Puebla da Sanabria, -when the place wvas taken by that General. In September following hewas appointed to the command of the advanced guard of General Barcellar's corps dor7r6, and employed on ;Marshal Massena's rear during his invasion of Portugal, being repeatedly engaged with the enemy. lEe took the field again in April, 1812, in command of the mnilitia of the province of Minho, and was engaodin active operations against Marshal Marmont on the frontiers of the Beira. At his own request he, in June, 1813, joined the main army, and was appomted to the command of the First Portuguese Brigade of Infantry, with which he served at the siege of San Sebastian, the passage of the Bidassoa, and the'battle of the Nivelle, and. on the 18th of November following, being tengaged with his brigade, he was again severely wounded. Ie receied the gold war medal for his services at the assault and capture of San Sebastian, and the silver medal and two clasps for Vimiera and NTivelle. He was also for his services rewarded with the knighthood of the Order of St. Bento d'Avis, and made a Enight Commander of the Tower and Svword, and was in 1837 made a Knight Commander of the order of the Bath. He for some years commanded the forces in Ceylon, and in May, 1841, the colonelcy of the 11th Regi mnent of Foot was given to him by the Duke of Wellington. The General's commission bore date as follows :-Ensign. 26th of March, 1794; Lieutenant, 12th of August, 1795 ; Captain, 18th of January, 1799,; Mlajor, 27th of May, 1S02 ; Lieutenant-Colonel, 22d of December, 1803; Colonel, 4th of June, 1814; Major-General, 27th of May, 1825 * Lieutenant-General, 28th of June, 1838; and General, 20th- of June, 1854. SOCIETY oF AnTs.-The anniversary dinner of the Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce took place yesterday at the Crystal Palace, under the presidencyofLord Ashiurton, wio was supported by the Rev. Dr Booth, Colonel Sabine, General lSir C. Pesley, Mr. D. Roberts, A, Mr. G. Moffatt, MP., Mr. W. Ewart, MY., Mr. T. Salt, MIr. C. VW. Hos'kyns, Colonel Sykes, MIr. J. WVhitwvortl, Mr. J. P. Gassiot, Mr. J. W. Gilbert, Mr. J. Caird, and a large number of other gentlemen interested in the educational and commercial progress of the country. The toast of the evening, "roeperity to the Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce," was proposed in - an eloquent address by the noble chairman, who descanted at length on the advantages of affording a souud practical education to the artisan, manufacturer, and tradesman, with the view of fitting them suitably, not only for their orainary stations in life, but also for promoting their social happiness and advancing our gener1 n mercantile prosnerity. 7Dr. Booth, in responding, intimated that the-society was never in a better postion, either as regards members or pecuniary resources; while its progres -was amply demonstrated by the successwhich had attended the examinations recently instituted, persons in hurmble walls of life-the draper's shopman, the merchant's clerk, and the schoolmaster s assistanthaving competed and exhibitad,the satisfactory results of a diffusion of knowledge. The other speeches comprised those of Mr. Ewart, Mr. Gassiot, Colontel Sykes, Sir C. Fox, &c., all of whom bore testimony to the benefits conferred by the society and the useful influence it has exercised. The company separated early in the evening. TiE GErEADiLR GuARDs.-We are requestel to state that the annual regimental dinner of the Ist (or Grenadier) Guards' Club is postponedfrom Saturday.- the 28th of June, to Thursday, the 3d of July. A P1wnmmAG1E ro)r THE GALLOWGATE o THE GALows.-We are told that three youths from the Gallowgate district went amissing about ten days ago, having left hone, no one knew whither, to. the great aniety of theirrelatives. One of the youlths, a mere lad, has returned home, and states thet he had walked all the way from. Glaseow to Stafford and hack for the purpose of viitnessing Palmer's execution!t Whlether the devotion of this uilgrim to the gallows was repaid by 3 sight of the ovent we. have not ascertained. The other two boys haveo not yet-cs;t np, and the returned lad denies knowici any~thing Or g^hei moYements,-(G1OaeyW Me.il ,
THE BRITISH ARAIY. (&portion of the foUowlag appeaed inour second editlon Afvgera .--l (FROMl OUR SPECIAL CORRPONDENT.) CRIMEA, Ju-sE T. Before the7army has abandonedtheCrimea, Itrust for ever, it may be as well to point attention to the fact that the regimental surgeons who have served throughout the whole of this campaign, from the landing at Gallipoli to the embarcation fronmRussian shores, will return to their country, or be sent with their regiments for further service, in exactly the same position as they were two years ago. WVith the exceptions of Dr. Mouatt and Dr. AI'Gregor, not one of the regimental surgeons hae got a step by merit, the promotions having taken place solely by aeniority. The local rank conferred on Dr. Mathew will soon cease, and it could scarcely ever have been regarded as a step. The regimental surgeons whose case I am stating do not form'a very numerous class -alf the better reason for doing themn justice. In the cavalry there have been a good many changes and promotions, although the assistantsurgeons have in some instances to make the same complaint as their seniors. In the infantry there are only, so far as I know, De Lisle J(4th), Longmore (19th), Aluir (331), and Fraser (Rifle Brigade). I believe that General Codrington especially mentioned Dr. Muir, Dr. Longmore, and Dr. WVatt, of the;23d, after the fall of Sebastopol, in a despatch which has not yet seen the light, and that Dr. Alexander has recommended them for promotion to Dr. Snmith. Tne reason why these gentlemen have been k-ept in the front aggravates the injustice done to them. They are men of too much experience to be moved from their regiments, and their assistant-surgeons, whose average service in the field is two years, are not old enough in the army to be intrnsted with the care of whole battalions. During the active operations of the campaign, when there was, alas! too much work to be done, it might have been right to withhold promotion from those officers, because the step * would remove them from regimental charge; but those considerations no longer exist, and the recollections which once influenced the authorities ought now to be an additional reason for recognizing their merit. It has been the habit of Dr. Andrew Smith to 11l up firstclass staff vacancies which occurred in the field from the colonies or from home, to the great prejudice of the regimental surgeons in the front. They have been deprived even of the pecuniary advantages to be gained by service min the hospitals -which sprang up in the East, or in the Contingent, where the pay was enormous. I believe there is an Assistant-Surgeon in the Land Transport Corps who served as Deputy-Inspector-General of Hospitals in the Turkish Contingent at 50s. per diem and a gratuity of six months' pay at the close of the engagement. The regimental surgeon who went through the cholera campaign in Bulgaria, who was at the Alma and at Inkermann and Balaklava, who has had to struggle through the terrible winter of 1854, and to contend iwith typhus, disease, cholera, and wounds-whose zeal, skill, and humanity after the war had virtually ceased were cruelly tried by the awful explosion of the 14th November, 1855-works on with his 13s. a-day, with no decoration or honour, and no local, brevet, or advanced rank. The Grenadiers sailed in the St. Jean d'Acre on Tuesday afternoon. WWEDNESDAY. Lord Gough arrived to-day at Kazatch in the Terrible, Captain M'Cleverty, "'d received the salute due to his rank. In the course of the day his Lordship went oii board the Harpy steam tender, and proceeded rouind to Sebastopol, where he landed at the Russian Admiralty stairs. He was joined by Sir W. Codrington, General Windham, and several officers of the head-quarter Staf. Lord Gough mounted a horse which had been brought down for him, and rode round the works under the guidance of the Commander-in-Chief, who detained him-no unwilling or uninterested listenerin the Redan, which commands a good view of the ground occupied by the allied armies, while he explained many things which never can be well understood by those who have not seen the ground, for the siege of Sebastopol is to the military what the state of Ireland used to be to the political world -a matter not to be comprehended by strangers and oatsiders. At 8 o'clock this morning the 1st Battalion of the Riffe Brigade left camp uinder the command of Lord A. Russell, and marched down to Balaklava, where they embarked on board the Apollo troopship, in charge of Lieutenant Fairholme, R.N. The Aledusa, Captaia Sherard Osborne, took her in tow outside the harbour, but the wind was contrary, and I fear the two vessels did notmake much waybefore sunset. Five officers are accommodated with quarters on board the MKedusa, but the officers and men oni board the Apollo will be heartity pleased when they get out of her, for she is not of the amplest or most airy order of transports. It would be umLecessary to speak of the services of the Rifle Brigade in this war, inasmuch as they are patent to the world, and recorded in every despatch. If the 1st battalion has not seen so much service as the 2d it is not the fault of either officers or men, and they have endeavoured to make up for lost time on every occasion when they have had a chance since they joined this army. The conduct of the Brigade is the more to be praised becalse they are nota picked body of men, as they ought to be, although they are used as troops 'gelite on all difficult and dangerous duties. It is scarcely to be believed, but it is true, nevertheless, that the Rifles are enlisted like other infantry, and that the Colonel or commanding officer cannot get rid of the stupidest, slowest, most heavy-sterned, stiff-jointed bumpkin that ever took to " soldiering," notwithstanding his hopeless incapacity for ever executing any single function of a tirailleur. The Coidztreams started early this morning, and marched to Razatch, amid loud cheers from their comrades. They had a hot and disagreeable march before them, but they had not so many men falling out as the Grenadiers yesterday. They embarked in the Agamemnon, and set sail from the scene of their glories, their sufferings, and their losses in the course of the afternoon. The advance of the Coldstreams to the intrenchment at the Alma vied 'with that of the Grenadiers in order, and their fire, when they did deliver it, shattered the Russian infantry completely. They had 18 officers kldled or wounded in action i Alma and Inkermann, aud their battalion was for some 'mie engaged with. an enormous body of the enemy at the Sandbeg .attery before they retired to re-form; in that dreadful stkgle they Iost Colonel Dawson, Colonel CoweH, Captain E Riot, (Ap intRamnden, Captain. acid=on, Clptain Bouveriej ieutenant Grerlle, Leieutenant' Dibrowe,.and soveral of those offlers, when wounded and helpless on the ground, were bayonetted by the infuriated enemy. Two companies o-the Royals sailed from Balaaava in the Pacific, and it is expected that the departurea will be very rapid daily as soon as the men-of-war arrive at Kazatch. The thanks of the two Houses of Parliament have at last reached the army. On the 8th of Alay the resolutionswere passed nem. con. in Lords aid Com. mons, and ont the 22d of Mlay, 14 days afterwads :Lor Hardinge wrote the despatch, which was om - znunicated to the anny officially on the 4th June :- "GENERAL ATER.-ORD1B. " Headqurters, Sebastopol, JTne 4, l8&6. "The Commander of the Forces has the satisfaction of pubishg the folowing letter from the Field.M.s. hal COm=n"i-a*Chief, conveYing the then of the two Houses of Parliament to Her lMaiesty's Forcea in the Crimea:- IHorse uards, May 22, 1856. " ' Field-Marshal Viscount Hardinge has great pleastue in communicating to the army in the Crimea the following letters he has received from the Lord Chancellor and from the Speaker of the House of Commons, communicating the unanimous votes of approbation of the Houses of Lords and Commons on the conduct of the officers, non commia sioned officers, and soldiers of the army whohave taken part in the operations of the late war, and for the meritorious and eminent services which they have rendered tar their Queen and country. "'By command of the 'Bight Hon. FieldMirshal Viscount Hardinge, Com2randing-in-Chief, "-'G. A. WETHERALs A.G.- ''- M 4 hay 8, i856. "'Resolved, nem, dis., by the Lords Spirtual and Temporal ia Parliament assembled- " ' That the thauks of this House be given to the officers of the Navy, Army,'ind Royal Marines who have taken part in the operation'of the late: war, for the meritorious and eminent senices which they have rendered to their Queen and country dung the course of the war. 'That this 1oEeuse doth highly approve and ackn.owledge' the services of the petty anud-on-cominissioned offlcers and men of the Navy, Ar'my; andi Royal Marines who have taken part inthe operations of the late war; and that the same be; communicated to them by the c,ommanders of the several ships and corps, who are respectively desired to thank those' under their comhand for their exemplary and gallant behaviour. "'JOHN GEORGE SHAW LEFE'VRE, Cl. Parliamentar.' House of Commons, May 8,1856. "'Operations of the late War. "'Resolved, vem. con.,-- "'That the thanks of this House be given to the officers of the Navy, Army, and Rtoyal Marines who have taken part in the operations of the late war, for the meritorious and enminent services which they have rendered to their Qaeen' and country during the course of the war. "'Resolved, 7en con.,- "'That this House doth highly approve and aclnowledge the services of the petty and non-commissioned officers and men employed in the Navy, Army, and Rloyal Marines, who have taken part in the operations of the late war, and that the same be communicated to them by the commanders of the several ships and corps, wrho are respectively desired to' thank those under their command for their exempL . and gallant behaviour. "'Ordered,- "'That Mr. Speaker do signify the said resolutions, by letter, to the Commissioners for Executing the Offico of Lord High Admiral, and to the Field-Marshal Command-' ing-in-Chief Her Majesty's Forces. "' )DENIS LE MARCHAN'T, CL Dom. Con.'' " B,yorder;, "C. A. WLNVDHAM Chief of the Saff.,' T "Head-qUarters, Sebastopol, June 7, 1856. " Commander of the Forces believes that it will be gratifying to. the army to be aware of the expressions used by Gener-l Viscount Gough, G.C.B., after receiving ths salute yesterday. They were as follows:- "'GzieR.A SIR W. CODRINGTOX. 'H Having just now fulfilled the orders of my Sovereign, by the ceremony of investiture, I am called upon to perform a most pleasing dutY-to express to you the gratification I must, as a soldier; feel at witnessing this noble display before me-a British army of which mny Sovereign and country may well be proud, whose achievements hisl6ry wil record, exhibiting deeds of self-devotion, patient -endurance, and daring, forming altogether a brilliant' example for others to imitate, and to surpass which would b6 impossible. Never have I witnessed a display more cheer. ing to a soldier's heart. The bronzed and ruddy countenances of the men bespeak the judicious arrangements for their health and efficiency. On their return to their native land I am persuaded they will be received by a grateful country with that heartfelt warmth to which their noble deeds justly entitle them. "'To you, General, I am indebted for being able tl perform, with the dignity due to the occasion, the pleasing task confided to me; and I pray you now to convey to your noble comrades, and to accept for yourself, mywarmest thaanks for the cheers which have greeted and honoured mIn n -me, which I accept as an assurance of goodwill towards me, and as a proof of my having during a long career earnestly and faithfully performed my duty to my country.' "By order, C. A. LI?MDIAM, Chief of the Staff." THURSDAY. Two'companies of the 31st Regiment, and the rest of the 2d Battalion of Royals, under Colonel Huey, sailed to-day from Bala'iava. Rx-Brigadier-Generai Craufurd, accompanied by Captain Napier SturtE, Aide-de-Camp, took his departure from the Crimea for England, his brigade having ceased to exisot Colonel R. Wilbraham, C.B., late Assistant-Adju tant-General to tlle Second l)ivision, is also on his way home. This deserving and zealous oflicer has never been absent since his division,, which has undergone so many changes, landed in the Crimea, and, although he was in delicate health when we landed at Old Fort, he has. remained at his post to the last, and has gone through the fire of Alma and Inkermann uintouched. The influence of a new doctrine of rnonn and tuen, not sanctioned by law or by the Provost larshal, is beginning to be felt in camp. Ponies are now considered ferce iataere, and several thefts have occurred of baggagers and hores. The Russians are blamed, but the dingy hard-working fellowswho visit our camps seem generaly bent on exploring dirtheaps and picking up waifs and strays in deserted huts, and I suspect the camp followers are to blame. We have the scum of five great armies floating about us. FRIDAY. The investiture of G.CB.'s, K.C.B.'s, and C.B.'s took place to-day at head-quarters. A scaffolding, or rather the framework of a canopy, was erected at the foot of the flight of steps leading from the house to the vineyards. The woodwork was covered very tastefully with flags and the tricolour and the British ensigna waved at each angle of the building A large arm-chair, dressed in flags, served as a substitute for a throne. The snug house in which the English Cornmanders-in-Chief have been quartered since the commencement of the siege is not unfavourably situate for the centre of such displays. On the present occasion the nature of the ,round andthe cotlp d'eil were consulted by performing the ceremonies of the day in the rear instead of the front of the mnansion. And here by parenthesis let me say that the attempts which have been made in high places to cast. a fictitious glory round de- parted memories have been singularly injudi-. cious, inasmuch as they have recalled attention to the facts and to the past, and have excited comment and discussion respecting events and conduct wellnigh forgotten. In recent speeches at home there have been efforts made to create the impression among L ords, Commons, and populace that Lord Raglan shared the privations and hardships as he undoubtedly participated in some of the dangers of his men, and General Airey dlstinctly averred that his Lordship animated the army to endure its sufferings by his own example and by the influence of his character. Now the truth is, that at no time did wine, fresh meat or poultry, preserves, vegetables, fuel, good beds, comfortable quarters, and abundance of clothing fail the Commander-in-Chief and his StafF, except onthenight of their bivouac on the Tchernaya, which was the only ccasdi on 07hich they were deprived of tho nces-. zaries, or even of the luxuries, of life. At Scutai Lorad Raglan occupied the exoellent and well-situate house of a Pasha, andat Varna he was ina spa ious airyresidence near the sea side, and he did not stay in camp or with the troops in the field- at Aladyn, Kadikoi, or hlonastir. At Old Fort, where we landed, he had a large marquee, and on the very morning after the battle of the Alma was fought I recollect seeing a large table, covered with a snowwhite cIoth, Iaid with silver and covers for breakfast, in front of his Lordship's marquee, within a few yards of the bloodstained field. On the march he occupied good Russian honses at the Katcha (Eskel) and at the Belbek. On the night before we entered Balaklava Lord Raglan slept at the post. house on the Tchernaya, and he lived in a very well furnished and commodious house in the former town till he moyed up to the houseslurounded with Vine- yards, trees, and outhouses, which has been thhead-quarters of the English army to the present day. As to tne influence exercised by hisLordship in sustainingthe spirits of the officers andmenI can only say my recollections differ from those of General Airey, and I can well remember loud and general complaints being made at a time that Sir R. Airey, the Quartermaster-General, and eye of the, ary, could not see, owing to an attack of inilaramatioa of the conjunct.iv, ihich, whether well founded or not, showed that the Conmmander-in-Qhief had in the winter of 1854-5 little merit in the arny for the virtues which are now so boldly ascribed to him. What use do these delusions and misstAtements subserve ? What possible ad-autage can it b' to deceive a nation, and seek to benumbl its faculties, corrupt its judgment, and falsify its opinions? To return to the investiture- -A gardein walk or broad path leads from the door which opens on the vineyards in the rearof the house down to the French road to the QuartierGeneral. Directly opposite to the junction of the path and of the road were 12 guns posted on the rising ground, with their muzzles towards the house. The guns belonged to the X Field Battery and to -the A troop (Major Henry's), and weie under the orders of Captain Cannell, who commanded on the occasion. On the7iight of the path facing the house were the remaims of the 2d and 4th Division and the Balaklava Brigade, their rear resating on the French road and their front on the vineyard. The united bands, 320 performers, were in the centre, aud their formation was bisected by the path to head-quarters. Oin their left was the Light Divsion. In rear of the, bands drawn up. on each side of the path, and lining it from the road to the bands, was placed the 72d Regiment. The garden walk was terminated by "the throne," already described. On the left of the throne, with their line sloping from it diaggonally across the vineyards to the .2d Division, the various regiments of' the Highland Division fi'Ued in the bounds of the view. On the right of the throne, facing the road, were the ScotsFusileerGuards, the Royals, the 31st' Regime.nt, and the 56th Regiment, in similar order.! The formationthusrepresentedan enormous triangle, with the throne and the head-quarters for its apex, the sides being formed of the troop3 just mentioned, the base consisting of. the 2d Division, 4th Division, Balakiava Brigade, bands, .andLght Division, being bisected by the path froia the apex to the base which ran parallel with the French road and the line of Artillery. At a quarter to 12 o'clock the measured salute of a French battery, 'stationed on a rising ground near the Quartier-General, announced that Marshal Pelissier was on his way to our head-quar'ters. HO could be seen approaching at the head of a ve'ry brilliant staff, with Generals of Division De Salles and M'Mahon, and a number of generals of brigade and colonels in his train, and an escort of Chasseurs behind. As the head of the sparkling cortage ca'iiae near the angle of the vineyard one gun placed inside the yard for signals was discharged, and our artillery began immediately to fire a salute of 19 guns. At the same time all the troop3 came to "attention." General Codrington, in full uniform, with the Crimean medal and clasp3 on his breast, proceeded on foot down the path to meet the Marshal. Ha was accompanied by ,Admiral Sir Houston' Stewart, bis personal staff; Colonel Blane, Military Secretary, I and most of the Head-quarters Departmental Stag. Lord Gough remained in the so-called throne-roiom. The Iarshal entered-the square, and dismounted'; another gun. was fired, whereupon the troop3 '" presented arms" simultaneously, and the bands struck -up the French Imperial air, Partant pomur la ,Srie.. General Codrington having welcomed the .French Marshal and Generals as they dismounted, a little procession was . formed, which slowly approached the throne with a tremendous clanking of spurs and sabres, and a glittering and flashing of gold lace and embroidery through an agitated mist of plumed hats and wavinwi feathes, that had a' most picturesque and l martial effect. Lord Gough, the beau-ideal of an ' English soldier, standing erect beneath the canopy, in the uniform of a Colonel of the Life Guards, was the centre figure in the picture, and his frank and graceful bearing was observed with pleasure and interest by all the spectators. The procession, as it approached the throne, niled right and left of its own accord, and' surrounded it with a barrier of English and French uniforms strangely commingled together.1 The Chasseirs d'Afrique, the redHussars, Artillery,.j infantry, ChasseursdeVincennes,the etat-major,the navy-every arm in the service of our allies was amply represented. Under or around the canopy were Marshal Pelissier, G.C.B., General Codrington, E.C.B., General de Salles, General M`Aahon, General Sir H. Barnard, K.C.B., General Lord Rokeby, K.C.B., Sir John Hall, K.C.B., General Windham, 0.B., Colonel Blane, Captain Ponsonby, Aide-de-Camp, Captain Hall, Aide-de-Camp, Major Weare, Colonel Pakenham, C.B., Colonel Herbert, Major Luard, CaptainVacher, MajorBarnston, Lieutenant Fisher, R.E., Inspector-General of Hospitals, Dr. Alexander, C.B., Dr. Mouatt, C.B., Commissary-General Adams, C.B., Mr. Romaine, Colonel Peel (11th Hussars), 'Sir R. Dacres, .C.B.,and Staff. The navy was represented by Sir H. Stewart, Admiral Fremantle, Captain M'Cleverty,, C3ptain Wilmot,. and a number of other officers.. A crowd of military spectators stood behind the' line of sentries. In the rear of the throne, at the' top of the steps leading into the house, General Garrett was visible looking down at the scene below propped on his crutches, which the effects of his recent fall still compel him to use. Having saluted the General, Lord Gough took his seat on the' throne, and Captain Bates proceeded to read the Royal Commission, which was, of course, quite- inaudible. At the close of the Commission. one gun was fired as a signal, whereupon the artiUlery fired a royal salute of 21 guns, which thundered loudly through the square. At the last gun the troops presented arms, and the bands struck up "God save the Qtueen." At the conclusion of the National Anthem the troops received the words "Order arms!" "Stand at ease," and. the ceremony of investiture took place. General, Codrington read with good emphasis and clearness,. and in an excellent accent, an address in French os' the subject of the investiture and of the Order, and Lord Gough in a fine, round, rich, and mellow Milesian dialect of the English tongue, which suffered nothing in his hands, or rather in his mouth, and gained in depth and warmth,: et;- preased the gratification he felt at meeting ttlO allied Generals andofficers on the theatre of their. glories, and the pride with 'which he fulfilled thehigh offioo for which he had been selected. Each of the ,dJco"As, beginning with Marhal Peliaw, was: thenintroduced beneath,the canopy, and reeived the accoladand the insigni -of the Order, as welI aa very warm grasp of the hand from the Royal Cqnmissioper, 'who expressed to each his wish that " he might live long to wear it." The ceremony lasted about half-an-hour. At. the conclusion, Marshal Pelisier, SirWtV, Codrington,LordGough, and soime other officers, mounted and rode down to inspect the troops, who received the visitors with all honouk s; As they were returning towards the throne the wjrd was given-" Three cheers for General Lord Gough" and the request was at once complied with mps, vigorously, an odd " one cheer more" being thrown in by the 88th, and tak-en up by the rest of the regjments. The bands struclk up " Patrick's Day" and the artillery fired a salute of 17 guns. - ' gallant old General seemed extremely pleawedat the warmtth and spontaneity of this comp2iment Sir W. Codrington then invited the E.C.B.'s and C.B.'s to lunch. Thne fourth sgnal (one gun) was fired, and the troops marched off to their quarters. Lord W. Paulet had the command of all the men on the ground. ,Ie wu accompanied by his Stat-Colonel Airey, C.B., Captain Thynne,&c. In the evening LordGoughrodeout with SirW. Codrington, General Wiiidham, and Staff, and isited the LihtDivison ana the 88th Regiment. Sir Richard Dacres- and Staff, with the exg ception- of Major Adye and Captain Niewton, embarked this afternoon for England. Oolonel Waclean succeeds to 'the command of the artillery lefin the Crimea. Colonel Lloyd, R.A., aid Colonel Bouirchier also left this morning for Ehig. -land. The former officer has commanded the Royal Engineers in the Crimea since the departure of Sir' H. Jones-that is, rince tho siegeworks oeased; the'latter has been onithie Staff since the beginnin of the year 1855, land has received very rapid pro motion since he removed from the trenches. General Sir H. Barnard and his son, Captain Barnard, Aide-de-Camp, will embark for England to-morrow, on a short visit home, before he takesup bis command at Corfu. SATUD.&Y. It is blowing strongly from the southward-a dis agreeable feverish sirocco. General Sir HI.Barnard, Lord Rokeby, and a host of staff officers, who will embark to-day for 'England, are threatened with a disagreeable passage across the Black Sea, The nammes of thesc officers will be seen in General Orders of the Oth of June. It is thought that Lord&Rokeby is likely to go to Aldershott. As the Guards were not im the front or do-. trench duty from the period of his Lordship's arrival in the Crimea up to the time of 'the. first assault on the PRedan, he has had: few occasions or'opportunities' of distinguishibg himself in -tne fieldL Sir H. Barnard also came out late. but saw far more service in the trenches than Lord Rokeby. and was distinguished by his zeal, intelligence, and courtesy while Ch.ief ofthe Staff at a most trying and anxious period of the siege.' His "services" date from the old war, wherein he served with the army of occupation of Paris. Both these officers have gained the E.C.B. here, and they. leave'behind them in command of a division plain Major-General Robert Garrett, an officer. who' when he lasnded here was covered with the scars of' wounds received in the most desperate battles of the Peninsula, where he'gained the war medal and fourt clasps, who served as colonel of a regiment, as brigadier, as general of the.trenches unremittingiy, fronm verg' nearly the', beginning of the siege till its close, without misAing a turn of duty, I believe, in spite of his age and of the hard appreuticeship to war he had served in early life. No one grudges'rLrd Rokeby or' Ger'i~al Barnard their honours; but I declaeW most triily that I have not heard one singlce officer speak on the subject who hass not said, in so many words "It's ashame to see Garrett without anything, for his. servicds." - Now, I have never exchanged 20 words with General Garrett in miy life, apd r know nothing of him except what I can Pead in the 'Army Lis4, haveseen out here, and have heard from others. There can be no nailitaryreason against his becoming K.C.B. so far as comparison of services in the field goes, but he is not even a C.B., and i do. not suppose any Minister would presume to offer tzaf to him. The State has noright'to accept the scrvices of any of its subjects as a soldier, and then when he has done his dity in that capacity refuse him his just reward on grounds whici"have nothing to' do with inilitary considerations. That principle cannot be refated, and yet it is o'ften' violated, but I am by nQ means prepared to assert that it bears mi any. way on the case of General Garrett. A considerable force of artillery will embark in' the Candiaw, hich'is 1 x, cted to sail this afternoon, and the City of Aberdeen wil also proceed homewards 'with rediiu6eStuf officers and detachments.' It is' decided, as the brigades are broken up, to attach the last remaining regiments to the Fourth Division, which will be'the last'in the Crimea. The 18th'and th arelikely to be therear-guard of the British 4a0ny'o0 n usSn theground. The French hasve still 40,000 mcn on the plateau, but they calculate with confidence.on clearing them all'awayby the last week in this month. The sanitary condition of the allied armies continues to be oxcellent. Cases of fever are slightly on the increase, and a mild type of ophthalmia is not uncommon, buton the whole the health of the arniy is' exceedingly good. The pestilence continues to snite the cattle. There are now about a dozen bullocks and cowrs lying dead in front of mny quarters, which have _Ifallen out of a herd, and lain down and died in a.fe'w mo'ments this morning. One Divisional Cornmissariat buried 25 head of cattle vhich died in the samne way yesterday. JUNE 10. The.Rodney, London, Belleisle, Princess Royal, 'and othe'r men-of-war, hav(t now arrived and on this day week not more than 10,000 soldiers, not includig' t'ie.'Land Transporit Corps, which musters about ,O000, will remain in the Crimea. There wiUl be enormous quantities of stores to be shipped. By areference-to General Orders it will be seen that the Purveyor at Balaklava had a very nice little 'nest-egg of creature comforts for the army.. Such of these stores as' cannot'be sold will ibe shipped for home, and the beef and pork, 6f which ' there are Iarge,qiaatities onhand, will be shipped as speedily as possiblc, and some is already 6n its way homewards. Saw--mills, engines, and'heavy gear of all kdnds havo been put on board ship, so as to clear 'the ground, and get them out of the way; and light - articles, such as supern umerary subalterns, arei being embarked in detachments, in order that the 'men-ofwar acting as transports may not be overcrowded. The large steamers which took the second division of the Sardiniains may be expected back this week' and the artiUery horses, &c., will then be shipped and 'cleared out of the''Criimea. The cartandsurplus horses of the artillery have been handed over to the Land Transport Corps, and Colonel M'Murdo Is busily engaged in looking out for a market for them. lt is very likely' that he will p'roceed to Odessa to open,sales wit the Rulssians. All the Conumissariat cattle 'vessolse are now used as transports t6ocarry the Land Transport Corp3 animals to the southest coa't of the Black Sea, where the Direetor-General has 'established horse fairs. Amiid all these aiguis -of 'activity it is. to be observed, ho:wever, that _:o steps .~e bee, .ak'en to .eduev ah ,u ~~~no,1,- stcps_ hSve ben21- oreueth un ber Pf clerks in the departments undergoing reductions and diminution, and it is to .be feared that there will be a great rush of to're keepers without stores, store receivers, temporary aud permanent- clerks, civilians in public departmeits,interpreters, Ac., at. the close of the e4'a. 'cimii6n- The .15incipal reductions in the Itreigthof. departmerita lave taken plaoe in the Ooinii> aiatsad several officersnhaye beenseint downiti, Costantiople an:ld 'wall proceed io Egland as roon. a's the.M have obtained Mr. AndAe"iflca*eear Constantinople. There were last Saturday only 23 vs6sels in the port of Balaklavz,:all of '*hich- wer e:0mbrkingr stores. A dmiral. iaitle disjphiys thqgreiest energy and zeal, as weilas a p4r >~_cwpacity43fr tpe duties of 'i post whichreqpires-no' boiAdinaiy application and 'abiliaty,'nd he has brought the larbour of Balaldava into sgood. orderias'lanyocninLond6nor Lierpool. --. . o in I_do or d 'Tlhe delq. whiCi fias takien place in, confirming 'A6 fhe.triae. such men as Horn, 20th; Adams, 28th; Strau'benzoe, '3d; Lawrence, XRifle Brigade.; Cameron,. .42d; Lysons, 23d-has created -buach'- diasiisfaction ,and disappointment, pAr`icu. -larl-a(-^this- eriod; 'en General Barnard and Th3d'iokIy re-2 just receiving high lionors. ...Adam C t.B. i s said wenjt Ubcka Ak regiment deeply hurt. Indeed Lord Panmure, or LUord Hardinge, or somebody or other called ;"they,"' possesses the art of huriting feelings to an extraordinar degree. Colonel Trollope, of the 62d, is- not liely to be in a better frame -of mind or more grateful for the consideration of the authorities. Brigadier Van Straubenzees Brigade is in the throes of dissolution. Brigadier Lawrenceos Brigadae will soon follow. Is the Brigadier to become a Colonel t As to Briadier Camieron, he might as well have been listening tol the bagpipes in his native glens as soldiering out here; nor have two years' servico in the Crimes brought him anything but a temporary rank. , We are told that Colonel Lysons was informed that his appointment to the post of Brigadier was to giye him no claim to the rank or to promotionwhy, one is- at a loss to understand; but if he took thO post on such terms he has nothing to complain of, and "they".have made a good bargain. Colonel Horn, 20th, commanded the 1st Brigade, Fourth Division, at the Battle of the Alma, and continued to ao sO till he was superseded by poor Brigadier Goldie on the 24th of September, 1854. He commaunded the 20th and a body of Turids.h troops in- the plains of Balalklava on the 25th of October, when the Fourth Division was marched down ;and'at Tnkermannhe returnedfrom the field as senior officer of the whole divsion after having had his charger- shot under him and received two wounds.- This meritorious officer has never been *absent from a day's duty, and he has been in command of' a brigade of the Highland Division for nearly a year. * ~~~~~~~SUNDAY. The 2d Battalion, Rifle Brigado, under the command of Colonel Percy Hill, marched off their old camping ground to-day, and proceeded to Balaklava, where they will embark on board the fine clipper King Philip.. Colonel Hill came out here after the war was all over, and did not participate .in the dangers and glories of the Rifles. Tevertheless, by-efiecting an exchange from the Canadian Rifles with Lieutenaut-Colonel Bradford, he is enabled to talke home -this distinaguished regiment, and to pass over .the heads of such gallant officers as Lieutenant-Colonel Macdonell, C.B, and Lieutenant-Colonel Woodford, who have seen hard service in the Crimea, whereas Colonel Bill has scarcely seen a shot fi:ed out here, except on practice days. This is the way to encourage officers to .stick to their regiments in the field. It is true that both Colonel .Macdonell and Colonel Woodford- held staff appointments during a portion of ;their service here, but they have both been mentioneafer gallant conduct.in despatches. No one blames Colonel Hill or Colonel Bradford for effectiDg an exchan-e s5 agreeable to the feelings of each. Colonel Bradford wanted to go to Canada, we suppose, and Colonel Hill wished to see service, and so nothing, was easier than to make a " swop 1 of the regimental ''commands, no matter whose feelings suffer. 'One may say it ought to be a matter of indifference to the officers who com-mandsthem.so Iong as he is fit to do so, but officers are men, and they feel acutely if they see placed over their-heads persons of very inferior en periexce, although they cannot complain in cases where their superiors have eqlual service with them. selves. This is no sElght matter, and if the authorities are wise they will closely examine into such transactions, when an army is doing duty in the field. The 2d' battalion Rifle Brigade was the fist British reginent which sailed from Malta and landed'in Turkey. They arrived and anchored off Gallipoli on the 6th of April, and disembarked on the 8th, and inmniediately proceeded to Bulair, where the famous .liiiies were begun for the bewilderment of posterity. The followingwaa published this day- "BRIGADE M.tORINIG ORDER. "June S, 1856. - "The departuro of the 2d battalion Rifle Brigade for England this day conunences the dismemberment of the 1st Brigade Light Division, than which none has been mnore distinguished in the late war. Brigadier-General Van Straubenree had not the goad fortuno to be associated with the early struggles and successes of the army, but for nearly a twvelvemornth he had the. proad honour to command this brigade; he cannot therefore allow his connexion with it to be severed without-the tender of his best thanks to allto commanding officers for the ready support he has ever received from them, and for their anceasing attention to tlieir respective corps, to which he gladly bears testimony; and -to the officers, non-commissioned officers, and soldiers I for the prompt and villing obedience they have given their superiors, to which combined the Brigadier-General attri. butes the state-of efficiency and discipline the brigade has attained. - - - "To the Brigade-MIajor, Major Pretyman, 33d Regiment, the thanils of the Brigadier are especiaUy due for the zeal, energy, and address he has always so happily and successfully exercised in the performance of his duties., " The Brigadier has also to thank the chaplains, p1rote- tant and Roman Catholic, for their efforts for the suppression of vico, arid: earnest attention to the duties of their calling: also the officer in charge of the Brigade Commnissariat, DeputyA-ssistant-Commissary-General Baynes, for the satisfactory manner in which he has conducted the duties of his department. " The Brigadier-General wishes al a happy meeting with their friends, and that every success may attend their future career. I IC. T. VAN STRNUBENZEE, Brigadier-General" These encomiums are well deserved, and the services of the Rifle Brigade in this war cannot be over-estimated. The heat to-day was intense, the sum scorching hot. Dr. O'Connor, one of the Staff surgeons, in a state of mental aberration, has committed suicide. XosNRY. The heats of yesterday have been succeeded by an abortive attempt ata thunderstorm. We may be sura| the unsatisfactory nature of the display will 'only add fuel'to the fires of the next demonstration. It thundered and lightened over Balaklava very fiercely, -and the ganite cliffi of Baidar sent back their echoes to let us know how ruthlessly they were bombarded. Large blotches of rain fell over the parched camp, and wvere sucked up by the dry earth with all the zest of a toper long debarred from a draught. The plateau is still very thirsty, and the large crops -Df 'wild Mowers which grow out of the dVgNis of the army are' looking out anxiously for maore rink. -. ' t:6o'clock the Connaught Rangers rched off f', ELaztch to embark for home on board the Belle- isle, and were played off by the band of the 77th, aimid the most vociferous cheering of the Light Division. aind -many a hearty leave-tiring beween old comrades. This gallant and eccentric reg?inent orrLfeoroiments have their individualities, like,elderly gentlemen-has seena much service zince it arrived in the East, and has addod same glorious nanmes to 'the long list of victories embl7Zoned around the "Earp and -Crown.' By a blunder wthe weie formo& into squar to receive imaginary c0yalry at. the Alms, and thus lost an opportunity of distinguishing themselvess; bat it Ixkermianin they' had the good fortune to be fii the thi&k of the fight, and to save our arms from disgacea by retaking three of our guns, 'iahich the enemy ad captured in' a sudden. ruah on our -extreme left. In the brilliant attack .and cipture of the Quarries on the 7th of June they erte severely engaged, and the command of the assablt wa given to their colonel (Shirley), who received Lord Raglan's "highest commendation" for the mode in which thiat -very arduous service was performed. jIn.thisaffair they lost no lesethanfourJ officers; Niz.Major Bayley, Captain Corbett,Captairt 1W%`rti anddLieutenant Webb, Illed, and had three bffibc&r', Captiifi:Maynard, Lieutenant Kenny, and& ia4tenaiti (Irier, wounded; 12 men were killed .ad sere wonded,several of whom died of theig woun3.: On.' he 18th of June, the fiz4t at- tack on the Pledan, they were not engagods but on the gth of September they formed a portion of the assaulting columns, and they had no less than eight offlcers returned 11 "s everely" wounded. Thewe were Lieutenant-Colonel' ,aiwell, Captaix M<auleverer, - Captain Bereeford, iaeutenant Lambert, Lieutenant, Hopton, Lieutenant cott, Lieutenant Watson, aid xnsiga 'Walker. They lbst 13 men killed and had fniless than 105 men wounded, many of -them mnortallyilb Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell, who commanded them on their leaving the Crimea, was seventh Captain in April, 1854, and tne junior Ensign but oni4t the latter date, E. D. Radcliffe, is no0- 1thA Captain. The junior Lieutenant of Apri], 1854, J. W. Riley, is now eighth Captain.' -' TUESDAY. The Jurs and troopship London 'will receivi on board nearly the last of our artillery. Twentyjsix supernumerary or junior officers of the Light Div. sion will embark on board the sane vessels, and: the Scots Fasileer Guards are under orders to eubitk at Kazatch, on board the Princess Royal, to-morroir morning. The camp is fast becoming a dirty-Sahai. The following is the list of officers who w*ea invested by Lord Gough on Friday, and the &der in which they approached the throne FREicH.'-' G.C.B.-Marshal Pelisier; General de Salies: General Ml'ahon. K.C.B.-Generals Mierry, Pate, d'Herbillon, Bouat, d'Aurelle. tC.B.-General Bazaine; M. Blanchot, IntendantGeneral; GeneralBeuret; M1. Bondurand, Intenda-nt; General Borel de Bretigels; Colonel J.arris; Colonel Raoult; Colonel de Waiibert; LieutenitColonel Lallemand; Lieutenant-Colonel Rensoin Colonel Anger; Colonel de Francois; General Oaffini4res ; M. Serine; General Jannin; General Goie; Colonel de Vernon; Colonel de Bentzmann ; Geneial hefebvre; General Duhesme. G.C.B.-None. KC.B.-Lieutenant-General Sir R. Dacros; Sir Jomhn H-i, Inspector-General of Hospitals; Sir H. Barnard; Lord Rokeby. C.B.-Lieutenant-Colonel Turer; CommiissayGeneral Adams; Dr. Alexander, Inspector General of Hospitals; Dr. A. Gordon, Deputy-Inspectorgeneral. MarshalPelissier seemed very much gratified; and expressed his sentiuents in a short, and energetic speech, which Sir Hugh Rose put into Engelish, and in it he took occasion to pass a high eulogiiiinon the gallant veteran Lord Gough, " vi gycur dts P11110ha.13",,II,vlzw 2 df
GENERAL ORDERS. Hea-qYuarteirs,0 SeatpoD, I ne.3 No. L Invalids selected Iy the principal medic fficer for removal to -the Bosphorus will embark in the- Gibraltar, to-morrow, 4th inst. J%ominal rolls and No. 1 reports wi be sent before 12 o'clock on that day to Stafi Paymaster Macdonnoll at Balaklava. Nominalrolls and ration certificates will also b>e sent with tho soldiers at-the Itime of embarcation, to the officer in military charge of the detachments on board the Gibraltar. No. 2. Tke follwing interpreters have been grantad: an increased rate of pay :-Second-clas;, C. Lombardi, 12s. fd. a-day, from 1st of May; Second-class, H, Sammut, 12s. Gd a-day, from 1st of June. No. 3. Leave of absence is granted to LientenantLander, Land Tzansport Corps, to 20th of June; and in extension, to Lieutenant il, 1st battalion, 1st Regiment, to 215th of June. By order, C. A. WINDAI, Chief of the Staff. Memorandum.-It having been telegraphed for general information, it is notified-that Ellington was the winner of the Derby. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Juie1i5 No. 1. By Her Majesty's command, General Visount Cough, G.C.B., will invest officers of the Frenehiaud English armies, by commission, under the Sign .anual, vwiil the insignia of the Mlost Honourable Order of the Bath. The investiture will take plaoe at head-quarters, to-morrow, the Gthinst. Knights and Companions of the most Hon. Order are invited to attend. The whole of the troops will parade at head-luarters, in review order, at 10 am. Major-General Lord W1illiam Paulet, C.B., will be pleased to take command of the parade. Officers-who attend the ceremony will hopleased toenterthe.squarcathead-qaarersfrom the north, near the tlagstaff; and they are requested''' to bring orderlies vith them to take caro of their horses. A 1- staff-officer from each division will attend at head-quarters at 9 a.m., and will receiveinstractions rom the Chief of the j- Staff Ii No. 2. The Field Marshal Commanding in Chief has beel pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of a medical board, to Major C. Murray, 42d Regiment, to the 14th of July; until the destination of their regiments is known, to Major LordaG. Beauclerk, 10th Hussirs;iLleu tenant Thompson, 82d Regiment. k. Nro. 3. At a general court-martial held at head-quarters, Sebastopol, on the 4th of June. in pursuance of anucrdtzr of General Sir W. J. Codrinr,ton, H.C.B., commanding tho Forces, dated the 2d of June, No. 3,406, Private Corndlls A'Hern, of the 41st Regiment, was tried on the following charges :-L For having on or about the 26th of July, 1855, misbehaved beforetthe enemy, by deserting when on gnard i the trenches before Sebastopol, and for not having returned until brought back by an escort on or abhit the 25th of May, 1856. 2. For having, at or about the tinie of his desertion,, as stated in the first charge, and in Camup befori Sebastopol, made awvay with, or lost by neglect, the followving articles of his regimental clothing, appointments, and 3necessaries; namely, one foragecap, withregimentalnmhber and bugle, one shirt, one pair of regimental cloth trousers, one pair of boots, one pair of socks, and one pair of brace& *o ohich charges the prisoner pleads that he is " Guilty." Sentence :-Tho Court, having found the prisoner guilty of thehebarges preferred against him, which being in breach of the Articles of War, and having received evidence of. his general very bad character and of previous convictions, does now adjudge him, the prisoner, No. 3,406, Private Corniels A'Hern, 41st Rlegiment, to be kept to penal scr,itude for the term of eight years in such place as one of Her Majesty s Principal Secretaries of State shall from thne to time appoint! Signed at Camp before Sebastopol, this 4th day of June. W GERGESTiAUNBETDON,rigBnad6ier General and! President. - Confirmed and approved, J. W. CODRIN'GTON, Goneral Commanding. Sebastopol, June 4. No. 4. The general court-martial, of which BrigadierGeneral Staunton was President, is dissolved. No. 5. The head-quarters of the 14th Regiment and a detachment of the 31st Regiment will embark at Balaklava in the Ottawa. Detachments, to be detailed bythe Quartermaster-General, will embark at Balakava in the Bahiana. The Quartermaster-General will make the necessary arrangements. No. 6. Supernumerary officers and soldiers who remain in the Crimea on the-embarction of the 14th Regiment will be attached -to the 82d Regiment, and those of the 31st Regiment to the 56th Regiment. No. 7. The 44th Regiment will be transferred to Brigadier-General Warrcnb brigade from to-morrow, 6th inst., inclusive. N'o. 8. The undermentioned offlcers of the staffwill roceed to England, the force to which they were attaced having been broken up :-Brigadier-General Cratifurd, Colonel R. Wilbraham, C.B., Assistant Adjutant-General ; Captain C. Start, Grenadier Guards, Aide-de-Camp ; Re;. Mr. Evelyn, Chaplain. No. 9. The Regiments of the First Divison will report direct to Lieutenant-General Lord Bokeby, K CB. No. 10. Leave of absence is granted to Brevet-Major Hon. W. J. Colville, 2d Battalion, Rifle Brigade, to 31st July - Captain H. C. Fitzgerald, 33d Regiment, to the 31st oi August; at the reommendation of ,a medical board, to aptain C. Kirke, 1st battalion, 1st Rlegiment, to proceed to England, On rrival he wuill report himself to the AdutantG eneraL No. IL A medical board will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Assistant-Surgeon Luca, 73d Regiment. The principal medical officer will give the necessary direac tions. - By order, C. A. WINO)Ai, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebatopol,JUe 6. - No. L The following officers of the saff will prooeed to England, the forces to which they-were attached having beeu '-roken up :-Lieutenant-General Sir HL. Barard, RCXB. - Lieutenant-General Lord Rokeby, I.C.B.; LiotenantGeneral Sir P. Dacreg, E.C.B, R.A. Lieutenant. C4oeuel T. X. Uoyd, R.E.; Liautenauaatooel lard A, Hiy, Grenadier Guards, Assistant Adjutant-Guersl; Brevet Lieutatnt-Colond B. Barcier, C.B., :.E. ; Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel S. Gordnj..LA., .&iie--d*CmP; Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Sankey, 47th regiment, -Aistant Qurtermaster-General; Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel-Higginson, Grenadier Guards, Major of Brigade; Braret-majeo -he eon. W. Coke, Scots Fusileer Guards, Aide-de-Camp; Brevet-Major E. P, Newton, Royal AxtiUery, Aide-e. Camp; -Brevet-Major F. B&ring, Soots Fuileder Guards, Deputy Assistant Adjutant-General- Brevet-Major W. Bellairs, 49th Regiment, Assistant Quartermaster-Go6eral - Brevet-Major Sir C. Russell, Bart., Grenadier Guards, Depnty Assistant QuartermaAter-General; Brevet-Major C. Eart, Royal Engineers, Major of Bxigade; CapC inthe BOn. A. Egerton, Grenadier Guards, extra Aide-de-Camp ; Captain Barnard, Grenadier Guards, Aide-de-Camp; ieatenant Donnelly, Royal Engineers, Aide-de-Camp. L lNo. 2. Detachments of the Royal Artillerv, to be detailed by Lieutenant-Genteral Sir R. Dcreg, KC.C., will emoatk at Balaliva in -the Candia. Detachments, to be detailed by the Qarermaster-Genera, will embark at Balalava int the City of Aberdeen. The Quartermaater-General will mnale the ne'eaey-rrangementt. -No;3. Officers-desirous of purchasing any of the ruedios comort forthe-sali- of- -which notice hsas been gives wil irtk M1i. Fitigerald, Purveyor to the Foroes atBala. kiava, 'wlether they can lhave whit the require,. after wh1ce l thy w il~ay Ua tl o aeytf X an, Q04W
TTBE ARMAY IN THE CRIMBEA. WAR DEPARTMENT, Jm2iE 24. Lord. Panmure has received a despatch, of which the following is a copy, addressed to his Lordship by General Sir WVilliam Codrington, K.C.B. - "SEBASTOPOL, Ju.\ 7. "Iy Tord,-Viscount Gough arrived at headquarters on the 4th inst., and the investiture of the Vrder of the Bath took place here yesterday. "M Marshal Pelissier and the other French officers attended at the English head-quarters at Il a.m. The Engglish officers who were to receive the insignia of the Order, the English and French Adniirals, and many officers of both nations, fleets, and armies were present. "The regiments remaining at Sebastopol, nmmbering aboutl16,000 men, were assembled on the garden sidc of this house; a sort of tllrone decorated with fiags, formed the place of investiture, and the troops w ere placed about the confned space in the manner best calculated for them to see and be seen. "Having proceeded to the French head-quarters w"ith an escort, I accompanied Marshal Pelissier and a Large number of French officers to the groiund. The LMarshal was received with a salute of artillery and of the other troops. " The warrants of Her Majesty having been read, al! present joined in the Royal salute which was given. An address was read by Lord Gough to the officers of the English and French armies who were to be invested. The investiture began with bfarshal Pelissier, who was introduced by Admiral Sir Houston St-ewart and myself, the rest of the officers of both armies in succession. " At the conclusion of the ceremony Lord Gough and Marshal Pelissier rode down the front of the regiments, and, returning to the upper part of the ground, Lord Gough received the salute of the whole army present, the troops giving three cheers to that distinguished officer. "The parade was then dismissed. "I have, &c., "W. J. CODRlUGTON, General Commanding. "The Lord Pannure, &c."
RE-OPErNry OF CARLISLE CATiEDRA,.-This venerable edifice, which the Ecclesiastical Commissioners have during the past three years been ende.avonring to restore to its ancient splendour, was re-opened for public worship on Sunday morning, the 22d inst. The building was crowded in every part, anong those present being the cathedral dignitaries, the mayor and corporation, and the officers of the garrison. The Hon. and Right Pev. HL 31ontague Villiers, Lord Bishop of Carlisle, preached an able and practical sermon on the occasion, takina his text from the 10th verse of the 10th chapter of St. Panl'sEpistle to the Romans. The service, Best in D, was for the first timeperformed in this cathedral; and in theauthem "0 give tbanks," Mr. Ford, the organist, displayed the power of the new organ which has been erected. In the afternoon the Very Rev. A. C. Tait, D.C.L, Dean of Carlisle, preached an eloquent sermon from the 122d P'salm, 1st verse. Mozart's "lead Thou my cause," and Handel's chorus "Lilt up your heads," were performed in an effective manner. After the sermons collections were made in aid of the fund for erecting a church for St. Mary's parish in lien of the present inadequate building. As a.lready observed, the restoration is the work of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, upon a grant of 15,0001. by the Dean and Chapter. The improvements extend over the entire building, which has been renewed by the able contractors to whom the task was intrusted-Mr. Dove, of Sca-borough, and Mr. Vasey, of Whitby. At the east end of the exterior of the structure the statues of the four Arostles- St. John, St. Paul, St. James, and St. Peterw"hich had been almost entirely obliterated, have been restored by Mr. Theodore Phyffers, a Belgian artist of eminence, who has also executed the oak carving of the interior in the first order. The great east 'window, a work of the 14th century, which was considered the finest in England, has been renewed by Mr. Wailes, of Newcastle. In the centre of the south clerestory a neatly coloured window, representing the crests of some English monarchs, has been put in at the expense of the Eev. Canon Harcourt; and an effort is now being made for the erection of a memorial window to Archdeacon Paley, wshose remains are interred in the north aisle. The most striking feature, however, is the ceiling, w-hich is of a concave form and magnificently decorated. A full view is now obtained of the splendid proportions and beautiful details of this part of the building, so long disfigured bv a covering of plaster. The colouring, principally blue and gold, is remarkably rich and harmonious, and combines well with the soft red tint of the stonework. In viewing the choir from the vest end, the absence of stained glass to subdue the food of light which pours in at the great east window is much felt. This is partly remedied by the re-insertion of the ancient glass in the tracery lights; but the perpendicular lights are uncoloured. It is to be hoped, however, that active steps will be taken to remedy this defect. The mellow light from the clerestory window shows how much the solemnity of the choir might be increased were the other windows conipleted in a similar manner. One great improvement in the interior is the removal of the heavy modern screens between the main pillars. This, while it brings more into view the architecture of the side aisles, will also be the means of affording increased accommodation to worshippers-a want long felt by those who attend the cathedral services. Th:e sew organ, by Willis, of London, is allowed by judges to be the second best in England; but it is to be regretted that, from the want of funds, the instrument has not yet beenl cased. :BIBES.-In 185556, the sum of 9,0947. was paid i England for drawback on paperused inprinting rib e. Testaments, and Prayer-books, and 1,2091. in Scotland. In l654-55, 9,958' was spent in England1 and 2,068?. in Scotland,
TPrINGS Z INERROR. ITATTAR AR TnRT'R .Tm N4. B3JSH V. S1R CkAIRLES FOX, ANDO6r.URS. ' . - air. WCeMer appeared for. te plamtifm ,error, and 5r.- Hindm&arsh represented the defendants in error. - - - The proceedings in error in fihis -case were brought uponuA judgment of the Court of Exchequei Chamber, affirming a judgment of the Court of Vxcdbequer in:aa action for the infringement of A patent. The action was brought- by the plaintiff in error, Willi BuhB , as grantee of ietterf patent, dated the 21it of September, 184 for *f certain invention of-" improvements in the means of, and& in the apparatus for, buildng and working underewater," against the-defendants, Sir Charles Fox, John HIenderson,and John Hughes, for an alleged infrngement of the Eaid: letters patent. To the declaration the defendauts pleaded several pleas, only the third plea, however, which denied that the invention wras an invention of a certain mannUer of Dew manufacture as aUeged in the declaration, being materiaL At.the trial, the letters patentand specification having been put in and read, the plaintiff in error was caled and exammned as a witness. He described his invention to consist in a particular mode of buildizng foundations and structures under water, and in the use and adaptation of a caisson and apparatas for that purpose, such caisson becom: ing part of the foundation of the permanent structure. He complained of what the defendants had done in laying the foundations of Rochester-bridge as ath infringement of his paatent, andhealsostatedthathehadheard apaperreadbythe defendant Hughes at the Institution of Civil Engineers giving an account of the operations of the defendants at Rochester, and that paper was then put in evidence. In the course of his cross-examination the defendants put in evidence the patent of Lord Dundonald, granted to him in October, 1830, for "apparatus to facilitate excavating, sinking, and mining." The plaintiff stated the object of the said invention to be different from his own, but he admitted that the mode was similar as to the use of compressed air. Another witness, called on the part of the plaintiff, stated, that the invention was new, as applied to constructing foundations under water, but that in the case of the Goodwin Sands, in which there are 18 feet of water above the sands, having got down through the water, the operation, so far as working in the sand was concerned, would be exactly the same whether it wasworked byLordDundoaald'hortheplaintiffsinventiop. At the conclusion of the evidence of the last witness- the Lord Chief Baron interposed, and directed the jury. that if they believed that evidenco the invention was not an invention of anymanner of new manufacture, and they must find a verdict for the defendants upon the third plea, aud upon this direction the jury returned a verdict for the defendants. The Court of Exchequer Chamber having decided that the direction of thelearnedJXudgd wascorrect, the present appeal had been brought on the ground that it was a suestion of fact for the jury, and not a question of law for thle Judge, whether the invention described in the plaintiff's specification was the working or making of any manner of new manufacture. At the conclusion of the agunments a question was submitted to the learned Judges to the following effect . Whether, looldng at the record, the direction of the Lord Chief Baron was correct in point of law. The learned JUDGES were unaninmously of opinion that it was correct. The LORPD CHrAcr.wosi then said that in his opinion the decision of the Court below was correct, and that there was no foundation for the writ of error. Judgment of the Court below affirmed.
JUDiCIAL COMMITTBE OF PR2: Y COUffCri, I ~~~~Afonday, -June 23. BROWVN V. PRATT A.NlT OTATTrV (Before Mr. PE2NBERTOY IEGH, Dr. LUSHLNGTON, Sir J. PATTrSOx, and Sir W. H. MAxxE.) This was an appeal from the Prerogative Court of York. Mr. 'fhomas Palmer, the deceased in the cause, died on the Ist of October, 1854, and probate of his last will and testament, with two codicils thereto, was on the 16th of that month granted to the appellant, AIr. T. Browm, Jun., the surviving executor named in the will. The respondents as the residuary legatees in trust under the viUl, caUed in the probate, in order to ascertain the validity of the codicils. The Court below pronounced against the validity of both of them, but the present appeal was instituted with reference to the first only. The question at issue was -whether or not it had been duly executed according to the provisions of the Wills Act, by both witnesses being present at the same time w.hen they attested it. Dr. Addams and Dr. Spinkas appeared for the appellant; the Queen's Advocate and Dr. Bayford for the respond- Dr. LvSIn?\orTOi delivered the judgment of their Iordships, and pronounced in favour of the codicil, buht made no order as to costs. TUESDAY, JUNE 21. FARLAX V. LANE. This ease, which was partly heard yesterday, occupied the attention *f their Lordships the whole of the day. At their rising the further hearing was adjourned until Thursday next.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COIuRTS. TJE- 23. 1nflrrn A T.V r I . T I (BMfore Vic-Chanceltor Sir R. T. XmDimsLy.) This case was argued some time since, and noticed in 2Thc Times, when his Honour reserved his judgment. The bill is filed by Mr. Dimsdale against his father, Baron Dimsdale, Mr. Applcyard, his solicitor, and certain other parties, seeking, in effect, to set aside certain instruments by which a resettlement of the family estates tosk place, upon the marriage of the plaintiff, who had a life estate, with a present annuity of 4001. per annum, and powers of jointunng,withtrustsfor hischildren, substituted for the estate tail which he originally took under his father's settlement, a portion of the property being limitedto Baron Dimsdale in fee, instead of for life, as he had previously held it. Some years elapsed, and the plaintiff exerciEed his power of jointuring, created encumbrances upon his reversionand the annuity, and now filed the present bill to set aside the instruments constituting the resettlement, on the ground of advantage taken, of fraud, and unfairness, and supported hl case by a long allidavit, in which he went in detail into his early cazeer, givingas an excuse for a course of dissipa tion the lruxury and indulgence inwhich he bad been broaght up, and asking relief founded upon the allegations in the ML. Iee and Mr. Prendergast appeared for the plaintiff; the Solcitor-General, Mr. Bailey, and Mr. J. H. Palmer, for Baron Dimsdale; Mr. Glasse and Mr. Boyle for Mr. Appleyard; Mr. IHawkins for members of the family other than the Baron; Mr. Mlilne, Mr. Giffard, and Mr. Bird for encumbrancers of the plaintiff. The VIcE-CH.ANcELLOR now referred in detail to the situation of the family, the clauses in the deeds sought to be impugned, and the charges in the bill, observing that the plaintiff had allegedby his bill a case of fraud against various parties, and had not supported those allegations by the evidence he had adduced, but had, in fact, disproved them. With respect to the conduct of the plaintiff m relation to the transaction in question, many years after it had taken place, and when another solicitor had been employed, when he had not only affizmed it by his acquiescence and by his acts, but given other persons rights under it by means of the rights which he himself possessed and bad acquired, he sought to set itaside, and having so dons, and having exercised his power of jointrling, he had, in fact, rendered it imyossible that this Court could give him the relief he asked. The plaintiff, by his dealings with the property, had likewise put it out of his power to restore to the Baron the rights he theretofore possessed, and had therefore put himsel^ out of the pale of the maxim that "he who seeks equity must do eqnity." He had mortgaged, he had exercised pwers with the full knowledge of the very person who had hled this biUl for him, and whom he had not thoulght fit to examine as a witness. Under these circumstances the only thing that the Courat could do was to dismiss the bill with costs as to all the defendants. (Before Vice-C7nancello, Sir J. STUA.RT.) BABE V. THE N^ORFOLK RAILWfAY CO?.IPANY.- This was a suit for the purcse of obt^aining payment to the plaintiff of the sum of lO.being the purchase-money of land formerly belonging to him, and taken by the defendants, the liorfolk Railway Company, for the purposes of their undertaking. There was no qulestion now as to the plaintfP'sright to the above sum, and the only point was as to who should pay the costs of the suit. The case occupied the Court almsost the whole day. Mr. Selwyn and Mtr. Beaumont appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Bacon and Mr. Speed for the railway company; and 5Mr. MSalims and M1r. Toiler for another defendant, Mlr. The VICE-CHACELLOR, after stating the object of the suit, said that the bill alleged that the plaintiff had several years ago executed a conveyance of the land purchased by the railway company, and that they had had possession of It, but that he had not yet obtained payment of the purchase-moneyian consequence of the claim of another defendant, Mlassey. The bill also alleged that the ether defendant had no claim en the purchase-money, and it demanded payment of it from the company. The railway company, in their answer, entered into a long history of a purchase of propet, about which there was no question, and they stated that, in consequence of the claim of Miassey, and the non-withdrawal of it, they had declined to pay the money to the plaintiff. He thought the plaintiffhbad, completely established his case. Before iMassey was made a defendant he was told by letter that the railwvay company had objected to paying the money in consequence of his claim; and that, unless such claim were withdrawn, the letter so written would he made a means of fastening him with the costs of the suit. There was no offer on his part to withdraw his claim until after he had been made a party, and then only on condition of the plaintiff's not insistsng on the payment of costs by him. It was much tobe regrettedthat Mr 31assey had not before he was msade a party taken the niewnow taken by his counsel, that his notice w as nugatory, and that it ouight to be viithdrawn. .Althongh in point of form the railway company were justified in not paying over the money so long as the notice by Lassey was not withdrawn, yet he thought that if theyh~ad made those in- quiries respecting it which they ought to have made thepresent litsgation might have been avoided. He should therefore direct the sum of ISOt. (which had been standing since December, 1846, in the joint names of the plaintiff'a solicitor and of the solicitor of the railway company) to be Xidth t1te plaintiff, andthe co0ts of the suit to- be paid by the rilway company aind-Msey . (Before Vice-C incllor Sir T; 'P. WOOD.) BRAY VT. TRE RTI-TE7. I&RAWAY COaMPIkYA AN2D ,Ti'ase cimt-before.the:Court on exceptions which had b'neeitaken 'by.tle:pl4intiffto jthe answFers of tbe defendants.- Tue' bill-is filed by the ~pIaint'l 'a iailway contractor;' ag;X-sDsftbe'Koith'-EasVerni Con'panyas snow- representing tbeXorhial L edsian& Thirek- Rairray Company and some - *itEers, which wereall analgamated together) foran account *at a transactions ibeteen himi and the Leeds and Thir3k Coxpiany in respect of contracts entered into iiith them for the formation of certain work by the plaintifT, and whichhel legesto have been retrded by the company, and for payment of what sliall be found due on the accounts; and lie also claiins to be 'entitled to compensation in respect of: sach "retardation." Tothisbill (which consists of 160 quarto pages. of print) the company are paties defendant in their corporate capacity; and the chairman, secretary, accountant, and a director are also respectively made parties for dis-' coveryfrom them of niatters which theplaintiffalleges to b4 raaferial to his case preliminary to taking a decree for ac-- count. To this bil the company put in an aswer under seal, admitting some facts, denying some, and ignoring others. The individual defendants put in short answers,' stating that they had 'read the company's answer, which the believedi to be true, and stating that they were notpersonally cognizanit of the-matters alleged in the bill, and~ *=ere unable to give any further discovery respecting them. Tothe ComPanj'S answer 7a exceptions were taken; aiid to the answerof thse other defendants 395 exceptions, being, in fact, an exception in respect of' everv -interrogatory wvhitch they had been called on to answer. In the course of the jdiscussion it appeared that the plaintiff had been driven to followr the beaten track in drawing his exceptions by reason of the'defendants having declined to aiccent themi inna short [*forin, which had been' tendered for their' approvaL. The ease, wvhich on its opening seemed likely to be of formidable 'duration, was considerably shortened by the present discussion being agreed to be limited to the principle upon which 'the exceptions were founded. Mr. XOLT, 3Mr. DAxELI5 and Mr. ROGER4, for the plaintiff, contended that he lPaS entitled to insist; on a full ans ver 'fron the individual defendanits, and that it was quite inr formal for them to put in an answer referring to the answver of the company. The object was to obtain discovery on *oatb which they could not get from the corporation, and as to sulch facts as the companyhad 'ignored, the effect of -the other answersvwas merely an assertion by the individual 'defendants that thev believed in the company being unable Ito give any answer t-o those facts. The right of a plaintiff to discovery from the officers of a company or corporation was now well established, but the whole object of making them parties would be frustrated if such'a form of answer - ere allowed. Mr. WaLECOCK and Mr. T. STE;VZSS, for the defendants, contended thatseveral of the matters as to which they wrere interrogated were wholly immaterial, and that any discovery which the individualoBficers might give wvould house. lessto the plaintiff as against the company itself, andthis alone show;ed the vice 'of the principle ulpon which, in cases likce -the present, ofiEcers were allowed to boemade parties to suits. As to one of the defendants, moreover, the chairman of the company, he had only become so since the original bill was filed, and therefore could know nothing of the matters comsplained of. TheVrcE-C}AsmCnu.on, afterreferring to some particular points of the plaintifP's ease, as illustrating the possible mnateriality to him of obtaining a specific answer from the individual defendants one wiay or the other, as to matters upon which the company in their corporate capacity stated their ignorance, said that he was clearly of opinion that the aujswers of those defendants were not sufficient;* and the best order to make would he this :-Bet the exceptions staudover, and, theCourt beingof opinion that the ansver3 already put in are insufficient, let further answers be put in, without prejudice to the question whether the defendants are hound to answer all the* interrogatories required to be answvered. (Before Vice-Okanccl2on' Sir W. P. WOOD.) CO); V. SU'rroy The arguments in this case, which involves a question as to the construction of a bequest of 2,000Z. Consols., and certain accumulations of interest, w ere resumed, and occupied:the greater part of the day. At the con,clusion of the arg,ments his HoNoirn reserved judgiment. Mr. Relt, Mr. WillcocL-, Mfr. Daniel, MIr. Chandless, hfr Shapter, Mr. Iewin, Lfr. Walford, Mr. Giffard, and Mr. C. Ej. Hawkins appeared for the several parties.
COURT OF QOUJS BENCH WES-S rT}LT 9- S AT.T..172 Y_ TTP.N'L'Fq- (Utfings at Ni.Prius, before Lord C,01PBELL and a Coon momn Jrm Mr. ML Chambers, Q.C., and MIr. Hawkins appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Warren, Q.C., and Mr. Lushfor the defendant. This was an action brought to recover damages for the breach of the warranty of a horse. The defendant denied the fact of the warranty being given, and he also pleaded that the horse was sound. The action was tried on Saturday, and occupied the Court till a late hour. The plaintiff positively swore that the defendant had warranted the horse sound, for the price of P0 guineas; but he did not call a Mr. Bark, in w hose presence -and by whose intervention the purchase had been effected. It appeared that the horse ta carthorse) was "fdat footed," as admited by the defendant, who contended that that did not constitute unsoundness, nor interfere with the advantageous use of the horse in drawing heavy loads. ThrAe weeks after the sale the horse turned lame, and, after'notice to the defendant; the plaintiff sold the horse, and brought this action to recover - the difference between the two sales, together with expenses. Mr. WAxRnn called the defendant, who positively denied the fact of the warranty. He added, that he told both the plaintiff and his agent Bark that he would not warrant either that horse nor the best he had in his stable, ,and that he had never warranted any horse. Bark was caled, and his- evidence went to support that given by the defendant, who was also corroborated by other witnesses who were present at the sale. The learned counsel also called several witnesses to show that the horse was sound, though "flat footed," but it seemed to be doubtful whether the horse was not also " pumice footed," which was an undoubted unsoundness. Lord CAimPBELL, in surnuing up the evidence, observed on the inconsistency of the two defences, and the probability that if the horse was sound in the defendant's opinion he could have warranted it as such. The jury, being unable to agree, were locked tp; but, at a late hour they returned into court and found a verdictfor the defendant on the issue raised as to the warranty. Verdict for the defendant. (Before a Special Jury.) BEATTIE V. TH LONDON, BRIGHTON, AND SOUTH COAST RAILWAY COMPAUNY. The Attorney-General, Mr. Watson, Q.C., and hr. Hindmarsh -appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. 13ovill, Q.C., Mr. Webster, and Mr. Aston, for the defendants. I - The plaintiff inthis action was Joseph Beattie, the patentee of a patent granted on the 16th of December, 1833, for " certain imnprovements in locomotive engines, and carriages, chairs, and wheels foruseon r.ailways, and certain machinery for use inthe construction of parts of such invention." The present action was brought against the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to recover damages for the infringement of that portion of the plaintiff's patent which related to a lathe to be used in the construction of improved railway wheels, by which two wheels might be bored and turned at thc same time. The plaintiff 's patent had expired, but no application had been made for its continuance, and the present action was brought against the defendants, vwho, it was alleged, had made use of it, to recover the same amount of royalties as the. plaintiff had required from other parties to whom he had granted liceosas tonusethe patent. The defendants denied the novelty of the plaintiff's invention, and also that there had been any infringement, it being contended that the maohine used by he defendantswas constructedona differentprinciple. The defendants also contended that even if there was an infringementehey were not the parties who ought to have been sued, hut the action ought tohave been brought against the person who made and sold the machine. The trial lasted the whole day, and was not concluded when the Court rose. TuESDAY, JSE: 24. (Sittings at Nisi P-iuss, before Lord CAMPBELL and a Special Jury.) SEATTIE V. THE LONDON, BRIGHTON, AND SOUTH COAST RAILWAY COMPAINTY. The trial of this cause was resumed this morning at the sitting of the Court, Mr. Bo-iLL then addressed the jury, and simmed up the defendants' evidence, and the ATToRNEY-GENERAtL replied. Lord CAmPBELT, in summing up the evidence, said he could not atV all approve the plaintiff's conduct in bringing the action. He had for several years been aware that his patent was infringed, but he had chosen to lie by, and brought an action two years after the patent had expired. He then brought the present action against the defendants, and he was aLso about to sue nearly all the railway companies in England for the infringement of his patent, though he had made no claim or demand upon them to prevent their infringing his right. Still it was the duty of the jury to do him justice, and if his patent was valid he was entitled to recover damages from those who had infringed it. His Lordship then proceeded to sum up the evidence with great clearness, and advised the jury to retire and consider their verdict. After an absence of about half an hour the jury returned, and found for the plaintiff on all the points. They gave as damages the amount usually charged by the plaintiff as a royalty, viz., 10 per cent. on the cost of the machine, which in this instance was 1,2401. Verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 124. PAYNE V. PROUDFOOT. Mr. Knowles, Q.C., and Mr. W. L. Thomas appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Hawkins for the defendant. The plaintiff, Christopher Payne, was formerly in the coaching business, hut his attention had recently been directed to the business of a licensed victualler, which he was now carrying on at the Three Horse Shoes, in Milford-lane, Essex street, in the Strand. The defendanw t, John Proadfoot, wras the clerk of .lr. Ruabbury, an attorney, at No. 2, Surrey-street, and he was sued by the plaintiff for damages for a false representation of the value of the business at the Three Horse Shoes which the plaintiff had ot long since purchasad' of a person named Wilson. Wison was apparently the tenant of the house and the defendant was the landlord, and, according to the plaintiff's statement he had purchased the business of Wilson for the sum of 1921., on the representationmadeto him by the defendant andeilson that the takingws ot buiess amounted to 10wsa a-month. This rpresentation the plaintiff now said was false, and that the overage takings since he had been in the house were ander 30L. a-month. He had thus lost the money which he had paid, was unable to Support his family as he expected, and the defendant had seized his goods under the pretence that rent was in arrearrfrom WYilson, who was an uncertifiented bankrupt. At the close of the plaintiff's examination, Lord CC,zrnEar StrOngly urged the parties to make some rraDaigement, aingdthitEiff oti & u hb&l Un ise difticuTt in hhowing the ac;cntcr, thIt e representation was false to the defendants knowFledge. It was ultimately arranged that a juor should bwithdrawn,,and'tlhat the plaintiff-should giveu the house withoutibeing hlable for aniyrent in aear, the defendat- totake the stock and fixtures ata umctnCi..- .
CO1UT OF COM(ON PLEA.WzLTMns.Tu-z 23. JSittngS atNisi Prius, aZ W--cstrjnstr,; before Lr CfqiTief Justice JEPVIS and Conzmon4 urke- ) Tne Courtsat a short tima thignorning anadispo-ee ofthe common jury caises in the list; after which the Court adjourned. This was the last day of the sittings at Wes minster. TV3MFDA.Y, 31NE24. (Si#ungs at Aiui Pr1u,Lonlo, aftr e: eoe Mr - Justice Wsusand c6mmon Juriea.) - - - This was the fist day of the London sittings. The caus= list contains an unusullay large entry, there being in- it the names of 9S cause ;- of - which 39 are marked for special The day was occupied with the trial of ar action for the breach of a contiact for the purchase of some oil, of no public interest.
COURT OF EXCHEQuER. W3s>TR JUxx 23. 3)UCIAL}Di V_ RTAN'MV: liBefore the Lrnpn CmVP 'RAPAV -1 .1 g,Wi % ' *3 r. Edwin James and Mr. 3fetcalfe appeared for the plaintiff, Sir F. Thesiger and Mr. Clarkson were counsel for the defendant. The plaintiff in this case w-as - a printseller, ana it appeared that his house was entered and all his papers seized, upon the ground that they wereobscene prints. This proceeding took place-without a search-wvarrant,andproperty~ to a large amount was taken awagy. AlthouRh sonme of thei prints seie wvere of an rextremely objecthonable naturte,: many prints of ani unobjectionable character were conveyed awray, whereby the plaitifi, as be alleged, suffered serious: The defence was that the goods seized wereobscene books and prints. The LOBD CIEr BARoN suggested that the inquiry should take place before aii arbitrator in private. and not in' apublNi court of justice. - -Some-discussion took place between the learnedcounsel 'on either side. It was at- last agreed, to refer the case,t which was done accordingly. I I I - - ' -ARras -V. }3.nAxF\DALE. Mr. Wilde, Q.C., and Mr. Wollett appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. C.- Pollock and Mr. C. Warner Lewis wrer counsel for the defendant. This was an-actioh brought by the plaintiff, a painter; to recover damages from-the defenidant; -who is the head of the irm of '- Pickford and Co.,?' the great carriers, for injuries which his apprentice boy received in September, 1854i through the negligence of one of the defendant's carmen, whereby the services of'the boy were lost to the plaintiffj T'he boy was sent with a pot of paint to theterminus of the Great Western Railway, and as he avs walking down a narrow way leading to 'the goods department, one of the waggonsof the defendant was being driven up at ther ate'of about SiD mies an hour. There was-a woman on the-op site side of theboy. The. driver-avoided the womanhut struck the boy with the *heel,- kniocked him down, and seriously injured his head. He was conveyed to St. war's H6spital, where he remaired for some considerable time, fand is up to this moment an ot-patient of that institution. The master of the boy was called, and statedthat he was a quick, active lad, and that he paid him 8s. a-week waes and considered he was worth to him at least 4s. a-week. .Mr. CHARLES PorlocK said that he-thought the defendant was well advised when it wtas 'suggested to -hini that a jury ought to assess the damages he had to pay, if any, rather than let M1r. anrris, the plaintiff; and the boy's master estimate -them- for himself. That the defendant, when hbe heard of the accident behaved in a most humane and a most liberalmanner. Being anxious to alleviate the sufferings of the boy, so far as compensatiors in money could compensate -for severe bodily injuries, thb defendant had given the boy 251. in money, and greedtb allow him 10s. per week for'the next 10 years. The injury which the bov had sustained occurred in 1854, and now, in 1S56, they were trying thd present action to ascer'tain how much the boy's master ought- to pvt into his pocket. He submitted that if the plaintiff *as entitlod to anything at all, which he very much doubted, he was onlyg entitled to estimate his danages from the date of the accilent up to the time of- bringing the present action; that, after the liberal manner in which the boy had been treated, he thought the action ought never to have been brought. Tzhe LORD CHin BARON in summing up said that the action was free from all questions except the dry one of damage. The jury, afterla few minutes' deliberation, found a veidict for the plaintiff-Damaages, 201. - HARRIS V. uorKwsox.- MUr. Edwin James and Mr. Hawkins were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Watson and 'Mr. Lush appeared for the defendant. The plaintiff complained that through the negligence of. the defendant a wall had fallen upon, some houses of the vlaintiff and destroyed them, whereby he was Prevented from carrying on his business 'as a chandler and carpenter. The defendant is the well-knowin pianoforte-manufacturer, and it appeared that inJanuary last a fire broke out upon his premises, gutted them, but left a wafl about 50 feet high standing within a few feet of the plaintiffs houses and that no means had been adopted to secure the wall from falling. The premises were insured in the County Fire-office. The office di4 nute claim- their 'ri ght to rebuild; vut llaid -to the defendant the pmrunt opsthe insranoe vii,; 5,o0h iut Many witnesses were chlled a h e the part ofrte plaintiff; who stated that the wall was in an extremely dangerouls stzate, and that it fell upon the houses one night, killed a- woman who was in bed in-one of the houses, and destroyed several houses in the row. MrT. WA&TsON proposed to contradict all the plaintiff's witnesses, but as soon as he put the district surveyor into the box he put the learned counsel out- of court - he was. thus compelled to submit to a verdict for the plaintiff for
EXCBEQUER CAMBER., TUESDAY, J3E 24. (Sittings in Error.) The Court sat to-day for the purpose of delivering judgment in two Cases. WAXTER T. mtRTLETT. This was an appeal from the judgment of the Court of Common Pleas, which set aside a nonsuit, on the ground that it was the duty of the defendant to cause himself to be registered as the owner of shares in a mine. The plaintiff was the owner of 500 shares, worked on what was called the costbook principle. The plaintiff sold his shares to the defendant and delivered himna document, by which he corld have had himself registered as the owner of the -shares. Thetransfer of the shares was made, but a*lank as left for the name of the transferee, which was for the benefit of the defendant. The plaintiff had afterwards been obliged to pay up the calls. The question was whether, under the circumstances of the case, the defendant was bound to causc the transfer to be registered as his own, or whether there was an implied agreemen' to indemiiify tlheplaigntiff., T OURT thought there was no obligation on the defendant to register the shares, and, on the second' point, the principle had been decided in former cases, and therefore the plaintiff was entitled to a rule absolute to set aside the nonsuit and enter a verdict in his favour. Rule absolute. wASLETT V. UPUT. This was an action for an alleged breach of covenant. The lessee had erected a plate glass window for the purpose of Inaking the shop more convenient. It was not fixed to the house by screws or nails, but by wedges. The lessee had covenanted not to remove any fixtures, &e. The question was whether this window was a fixture. The Coup.T held that it was, and could not be removed. Judgment affirmed.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Basinghald-strce4 June 24. -M I'M RE:. J. 'RR FZ.T. lBcfore M[r. CoMM;nSionY vF.vA-,q The bankruptwas the landlord of the Tower Shades, Trinity-square, Tower-hill. His accounts show unsecured creditors 85g1., and assets 105Z. in the form of good debts. He takes credit for losses to the amount of 2371. by bad debtors, the whole of whom, 27 in number, are Germans. lMr. J. EVANS, for the assignees, objected to the bankrupt passing his examination. 14essrs. Elliott had distrained for rent, and possessed themselves of the whole of the bankrupt's propertv. There was a customer for the Shades, but possession could not be obtained. Messrs. Elliott referred the assignees to the bankrupt, and the bankrupt referred them to Messrs. Elliott. Each professed a readiness to give up possession with the consent of the otner, still possession con.d not be had. Mr. L.J i,scr, for the bankrupt, recommended him to give up the reqrured possession. His HNIosEla passed the bankrupt's examination, wvith an intimatio,n that protection would be granted from week to week- only until the assigneeS were put i possession of the Shades. IN RE B. XMKEL. The banLimit was a merchant and importer of foreign clocks, of Gould-square. His accounts show-debts, 3,4001.; assets, 400!. Mr. PoITr1:, for the assignees, did not oppose, and Mr. OnDLEY, for tbe bankrupt, asked for a second-class certificate,which was granted, after three months' suspension, with protection. IN RE W'. rInLEy. The bank-rupt was a tailor of Aldermanbury. This was an examination meeting. A creditor opposed and Mr. essupported. His Hon o1R said he could not believe that the bankrupt had made clothes to the amount of about 1,3001. without any profit. There would be an adjournment for a month for a goods account, that the bankrupt might show what had been done wsith the cloth.
XIYSOLVEMTDEBTORS' COUPT,.Tune 24. ;5- ZtE %VTT2ItOTT MAL\!TMO. (Before Mf2. Com7missioner Murnp=.l This case, before reported in 7hc Times, was now conchded. The complaint on the part of Messrs. Grindley, army agents, was that the insolvent, who is the widow of a surrgeon in the service of the East India Corapany, and as such entitled to pensions for herself and children, amounting ini the whole to 2.55?., -which were received by power of attorney by teopposing creditors, came-from France and received person3ly the last payme2*. They then arrestea1 her on a Jndge's order for a balanoe due to them. The judg. mnent of the Court bad been deferred, with the view to effect a settlement, but Mrs. Macolineon was unable to pay a sum bf money donand alo arrangement wasmade, Aques- > -e~Mrasd whetbr.~wtl.er Sire Ao_ es Grnndley alterea the cm. Mfr. -Commiissioner XtiOzAVAdid mot Consider tbat the guarantee -affecte& the OMO.* It was a cme for the fuU perod of the diaeretionay tlae on the complait of I=esinsdGn ldey.; Theinso'vent b e diharged when she had beeu in custody six months from the vesting order.
.POICUE. IMSToN-3ro0us--David esad was charged before Sir R. W. CAmDEN, isith having *obbe4;a young mannamed Filmore,' in the justice-room of:'the 3fsiion-house. The complainant said, lie 'resided at BrighWton, and having visited- the city he deternnnaed to eallat ehe principal policecourt to witness the mode of administeingjstice there. The prisoner stood next to him among the crowd, andabou half an hour afterards he missed his handkerchief, which had been safe in his pocket a short time previously. He looked suspiciously at the prisoner, who looked another way, and then told one of theofficers present of his loss, and his belief that the prisoner was the thief.. The handkerchief was found in the prisoner's pocket. - Foulger, the detective officer, said, the prisoner, on beilag accused, stated that he had-no handk-erchief about him but a little white cotton handkerchief'which was his own, and refused to allow him6elf to lie searched witheut the exhibited authority of the officer's warrant. The warrant was accordingly produoed, and the officer imniediately drew from the prisoner's pock-et the handkerchief which belonged to Mr. Filmnore. -- The prisoner.-Well, this is thefirst time Iever heard that two things were exactly nanin every particular ali-e. I :swear that I purchased that handkerchief, so that it could not possibly be -the gentleman's- This is, tny Lord, a very serious thing to me; it is caie6lated to do me' great -deal of mischief. The very inputation is very injurious. - Sir R. W. CAxD1r.-YOu are perfectly righb. It is cal. culated to do you much injury, for nothingappears to me to -be more clear tharthatyou.committed the robbery. It will operate saginst you, too, that you had the audacity to come into a court in which we -are in the habit of punishing 7offexiders who transgress the laws. I think so much of the, - charge that I shall send it to be tried before a jury. Connitted for triaL - - Several persons were -during the day committed for different periods to .olloway prison- for petty thefts -Bow-sTREnT.-Mr. Swinburne, of :lew Oxford-street, wai,ted upon the presiding3-agistratet-to request his advice under the following circumstances :.=le stated that he was the employer of i youth named Blackto, who was clarged last week with tearing the penny adhesive stmps -from newspapers andletters osted- at the -receiving-house kept by him. The boy was fned 5., but, in consideration of his being an orphan and -amost destitute of -friends, he was alloweda&weektopaythe-amount. -The weeLkexpired on| Xonday, the fine remaining unpaid; and, on inquiry at the -boy's lodgings, it appeared that he had left them, -with the supposed intention of going to some friend in the country In the meantime a gentleman called atbhis-(Mr.Swinburne's) shop and left 51. forthe purpose of saing the youth from I imprisonment. - The gentleman did not state his name, and -he(Mr. Swinburne) had no means-of communicating with him at present; hut, presuming it t4 be desired that some steps should be taken to rescue han from further crime, he was anxious that the warrant issued for the boy's apprehen. f sion should be suspended for a, few days, until his present| abode could be ascertained, - ' Mr. JARDME said, the case was heard by a brother magistrate, but, doubtless, the applicationi having a very good object in view, would be readly grated. A labouring man named Charles Clark, was chared with having a nugget of Australian gold, worth 81., in his possessfon, without being able to account for the same satisfac. torlly. :It appeared that the nugget wau offered to Mr. Clark, the pawnbroker, of Long-acre, who thought it right to -conmunicate 'With the police; the defenidant having- simpI; stated that he picked it up in Covent-garden-market. A sergeant of the F division, who had knowvn the defendant for ma3ny years, as a labourerin the market, havingr given him a good character, Mr. J.uini?ssX discharged the man,and directed an inquiry to be made respecting the nuggetJ and advertisements to be inserted in the newspapers for the owner. Wns3MXsSTER. - John Mason was finally examiued. charged with rescuing a notorious thief aud ticket-of-lave nian ifrom the custody of thepolice. The daringattempt atfelony,out of whichthe present com plaint arose, was detailedinour impression of dondaylast. n gentleman named- Ktibbin, was paSsing along Victoriastreet,. atll1 o'clock on the morning oE Wednesdaylast, when a notorious thief named Andrewus, attempted to steal his gold watch and guard, for wrhich he has since been committed for trial. He was apprehended~in- Duck-lane, when the constable, Thomas Gregory, 6S B, who had charge - of him, was surrounded by prisoner's associates and other bad characters, beaten, kicked, and trampled upon until his prisoner was rescued. The defendant was foremost in the attack, and repeatedly assaulted the constable. Mr. ASNOLD regretted that the ful punishment he had the power to inflict was inadequate to the offence.- -- Prisoner was committed for a month to hard labour in the House of Correction. A travelling tinker, who give his name Thomas Eveland, was charged with shocking cruelty to his child. The object of prisoner's brutality was an intelligent looking girl, stated by her father to be not more than 10 years of age; the lower part of her person was enveloped in rags, and the upper portion only covered - by an old shawl which was wrapped round her. The latter being removed, her arms, oulde and back exhibited numberless marls of the lssh of a whip which hadin several places dravn the blood, -and it ws represented that the same appearances-existed to the lower part of her person. A stout gutta percha horsewhip was the-instrument with which the injuries had been inlifcted- It appeared from 'the evidence of several- witnesses, including-the child herself, that between I and 2 o'clock that morning, the defendant returned home partially intoxicated to his lodgings in Maidenhead-court, St. Ermin's-hill, and, havingdragged the child out of bed in a perfect state of nudity, charged her with having lost some money, and commenced'beatingher with the whip. Her cries, which were of the most distressing character, completely alarmed the neighbourhood, and a woman an the spot interfered with a view of inducing him to disoontinue beating the child, but she received the brutal reply that, he would beat her all night, and the child's screams were again heard for some time, when the police came to the spot, and she was rescued from further violence. She was found bleeding *rom the shoulders and the back-, and a neighbour having wrapped her in a shawl, she and defendant's- other three children, all of whom were younger than herself, and were in the most filthy and deplorable condition, were conveyed to the workhouse. Hr. AXonLD inquired whether the children had any mother? ' The police replied, that she was in prison, andhad been there for some weeks. In answer to inquiries from the magistrate, two of the witnesses who resided on the spot said that durig the twso months that the Drisoner lodged in the house, they had never previously fieard cries from any of the children, to whom it was their impression defendant was generally kind, and the girl herself said that he had not beaten her before. Defendant, in reply to the charge, admitted that he had been very severe, but said that when he came home he found she had lost 5s. which he had left on the mantelpiece. Mr. AR}OLD said, he must admit he felt some difriculty in knowing how to deal with the defendant for the very crael assault of which he had been guilty. He was probably not aware what terrible blows and dreadfiul pain such an instrameut as the gutta percha whip produced would inflict upon the naked flesh, and it was but fair to the defendant to say that he was not, generally speaking, of an unlind temuper to his children. The inffiction of punishment upon a criminal was not to avenge the offence, but to operate as a warning to others, and, after looking at the lamentable condition that his por child's back exbibited, and taking into consideration that he must have been inSlicting the cruel torture for three-quarters of an hour, he (the worthy magistrate) thought he should be wanting in his duty unless he inflicted a severe punishmnent npon the offender. Hfe then committed the defendant for four months to hard labour in the HIouse of Correction, and directed his children to be taken to the workhouse. Won.ssr- ss'rnr.-Efis Berry, a German Jew clothier, in the yew-road, St. George's-in-the-East, was charged before Mr. D'Evi;couaiT with feloniously receiving 30() yasds of velvet, value S0l., he well knowing it to have been stolen. - r. Eobcert Marshall, a silk manufacturer in Spitalsquare, was in the habit each day of locking up his-warehouse for about an hour while he went out to dinner, and did sO on WVednesday, the 20th of last February, but on returning, after a shorter absence than usual, he discovered that the premises had been forcibly entered-by thieves, that the place had been completely-ransacked in that short titn-, and that silks and velvets to the e,xtent of abeat 2,00 yards, andwvorth more than oOOI,.had been carried off. Information of the robbery w as immediately given to the police, who discovered that the house and the prosecutor's movements had been carefully watched daily for more than a fortnight' before by two men, who stationed themselves with a horse and cart dow n an adjoining by- street for the purpose, and who were seen to suddenly drive off at the exact hour in question. The description the police had of these men was not very exact, but Sergeant Jackson, of the HI division, accddentaly met two men w.aLking together, named Stewart and Hfopkins, and, feeling convinced he was right, took wboth into custody upon suspicion, notwithstanding the indignant den.als and remonstrances of each. Thes,e men wrere afterwvards tried at the Central Criminal Coulrt, convicted, and sentenced respectively to seven and 14 years' transportation, but still not a singfe yard of the property itself had been recovered. A few days since, however, Jackson was induced to cll at the house of a jobbing tailor named Goldstein, in Goodman's-fields, and there found about 19 yards of the stolen velvet. Goldstein, after some evasion, admitted that he had purchased the velvet of the prisoner, to whose house accordingly Jackson went, and there, upon searching it, 'which he did with the prisoner's permission, he discovered four boxe3, containing amuc larger quantity of velvet,which, on being shown to Mr. Marshall, he at once identiged ashis, as closely as a thing of that kind could be sworn to. aThe prisoner's account of his possession of it was, that the whole had been sent to him by a woman named Jacobs, living in a court at the back of Whitechapel Chuch, with directions to mnake all of it up into waistcoats; but on going to this womnna's house to apprehend her she was found to have gone to Gravesend, and no further clue conld. be obtained about her. Mr. Bcwis, for Berry, now made much the same defence for his client as the latter had already done to the officer, and contended-that not the slightest idea of a guilty knowledge had been proved against him ; but Mr. D'EY-coURT waS of a different opinion, and remanded him upon bail.-the prisoner himself in 2001., and two sureties in 801. each. I CLERRFEiWELT-Benjamin Dalliston, William Roberts, Henry Jones, and George Irving, the four men who have been several tiles before Mr. CORRnE on the charge of stealing a qnautity of silk pieces, of the value of 50I0., the property of Messrs. Heyward and Evans, of the Waterloo -houej-attle-tridge (teparticulat of .wbicI. 3-ve alietdy appared in this journal),were agan remanded until Mondar, niexbt 1r the productionof further evidence, bailbeingt aflfor Irving in tie amount of-100.- -- -- --X-enra Mur io,- aged 2A -Janes-Creamer. 26, Joeph -IrGrath, 32, James Broughtow, 231 IRobert Hall- - 'man, 24, and Dennis lHyes, 26, shipwrights, were proukbt befre Mi. Srisx, charged unAder the 4thof GeorgeIV.-, cap., 34, that they, beingrtificers, to Biit, sdipwrghts, a having entered into the service of Messrs G. F. Young Son, and y; shipbuilders, aid, oh the 23dday of June inst., unlawla y absent themselves from the servce of the. Pir. Giffard, barrister, instructed by the tfirm of Desborougb, Young, and Desborougb, conducted the proaecution; M r. Pelham and 3f. Chies Young, both of Avboursquaz~e, A;tepney, solicitors, appeared for the prisoners. Mr. SELFF asked if there wvas any ~mode by wrhich tbe dispute between Messrs. Young a their workmen could ba iettkd by arbitrtion? -. ir. Pelham would admit there was a good d.cil of kindz ness and liberality exercised by the prosecutors, but the sbipwrights felt that- old rights and privileges had beeni invaded, and he was afraid nothing wouldsatisfythem but a legal decision. It was very ineonvenient cerainly foi these disputes to arise, and, although the shipwrights generallyhadagreatrespectfor the-firm oMes Young%and Cb., they yet felt themselves quite as good citizens as tbeir emnloyers. Mr. SZLu would rather sit as an arbitrator than a judb in this unpleasant matter. He asked if there was nOt some gentleman acceptable to both parties who could bi lected to settle all matters in disputa; a conviction wOld not settle the question. Mr. Giffard.-Kessrs. Young and Co. wouldllaii r fall in with the suggesfion. They feel, as you feel, that a conviction woula not settle the question in dispute. - -Mr. George Frederick Young, -the head of the shipbuilT. ing firm; and formerly l'p. for Tynemouth, and afteirwards for Scarborough, had no dedire to send working mnen to prison. He saw workmen for whom he had a great respect who were on strike, and who were listening to the proceedirgs, and he had no objection to accept theiprodmise that the defendants should return to theirwoik-an)d fulfil their-agreements. Mr. Charles Young said, the men had been given intp tstody and locked tup all night, and he asked what was the useof briging theuto that court if there was not to be * legal decision . On the part of his clients he was willing -to mseet the case -.- - ' -~ Mr. SELFE very strongly urged. a -gqettlcment, and that an arbitrator should be appointed. Mr. Giffard <aid, Mlessrs. Young, Son, and MAignay would abide by any award of a respectable arbitrator; but the defendants' solicitors could ntO get the people by whom they were instructed to stubmit to anything but a legal decision. The defendants were not consulted at a1l in the matter. The case was finally proceeded with, and Mr. J. -T. Winter, an agent of the prosecutors, was called. to. prove that a man named Denton, a shipwrght, for whose apprehension a warrant had been granted, had signed a contract to serve Messrs. Young, Son, and 3agnay for -2 months, but that case could not be gone into. becmuse the warrant had not been executed and Denton was not present. The six contracts entered into by the pxisoners at limerick were p roduced, but as the attesting witness was not present and Mr. Charles Young and Mr.7e9ham would not admit the signatures of the attesting witnesses, the magistrate said he could not receive the contracts in evidence. Yr. itobert ])ally, the prosecutors' foreasan was then called, amd he said theprisoners arrived at Limehouse-dock in the Mfangerton steamer, fromn Limerick, at 1 o'clock on Sunday afternoon. On Mtonday morning he directed the six defendants to take their tools out of their chest and set work out for them. Soonafterwards they disappeared and did no' go to work at al Mr. Charles Young took an objection that the defendants had never entered into the service of Young, Son, 'and Magnay, and could not be punished for absenting themselves from a service which they had never entered. Be read the clause in the act of Parliament in support of his view. 3Er. Pelham folloved on the same side. ae agreed with his friend that the service was never enteredulpon at all. Mr. Giffard said, if the warrants were dismissed Nessrs. Young, Son, and Magnay could proceed against the defendants on the written contracts when the attesting wit. nesses were ploduced. Mr. SEzLE hoped there would be no mnanifestation of feeling, no applause, and no hissingat what he was about to say. There was no proof that the sax men had entered upon tho service. Me wished he could have settled thd unhappy disputes existing, instead of giving the shipwr:ghts on strike atemporary success. Hedeeplyregrettedthatthe defendants had violated the contracts they Ihad entered into. It was not hir and. 1 Umu iesfoa masters to voliate contracts entered into- wita worknenI r,- for workmen to violate contracts enteredinto with masters. Ve mustfrepeatt at he was sorry there was a temporary s0oceEss,and wished that the dispute with Wessrs. Young andl their workmer haad been settled by arbitration. The interests' of 3nasters and workmen were insenarable, and those who told the working classes the contpxry, and endeavoured to set them in hostile army againat iaeir employers, were ihbir greatest enemies. He hoped soon to hear of an amicable arangement between Messrs. Young, Son, and Iagnyznd their shipwrights on strike. The defendants were entit ed to the benefit of the legal objection taken, and they inust be discharged. Mr. harles Young hoped the dfendants' tools o4t board ship in Iamehouse-dock wvould be given up. z. Giffard.-Mfessrs. Young and Co. are in the hrnds o counsel whowill advise them wFhat to do. Ir. G. B. Young.-Oh., give them up, certainly. I will take no advantage of working nmen. T'he inmnense crowvd then- retired. LL.mExTrH.-Henry Osborn, described as a carpenter, of 30, Commercial-road, lambeth, and George MeduS tailor, of 9, Iattle Charles-place, Lower Marsh, were placed at tbe bar before the Mon. G. C. NOF.TOnX on t charge of conspiring togther to defraud George Hook of 451. by means of a forff policy of insurance and false representations.- Mr. eale, who appeared for the prosecution, requested a remand to a future day to have the witnesses from the Bank and the insurance-office in attendance, and mr. NORTON granted his request. lr. Wordell, on the part of MedusI applied thai that person might be admitted to bail, but his application was refused. M. NoRTON requested the aclclowledgment of the following additional sums, received on account of tbe poor blind man, Thomas Scholp0lo:-From "A. 0. I ," IOs, - " . MX,"1 5s; " W. S. IC," 5s - " G., 1L - " J. JP. G ,'; lOs.; C. and J. White, lOs. "A non."(IBrighton), 5s.; ';L J. .," &a.; "A. and N." (Fordiubridge), los.; W. Brown, Yeovil, 1. l0s; "A. S.," 10s. " R. C." (Bucklersbnry), 4s.; " AnAmerican," 51.; "A Gentleman," 5s.; ', W. Everingham," 11. 10s; "F. C. P.," Os. ; " J. J. W.," lOS. only, though the writer mentiOned :lSs.- " E. N. $.," 5s.; "Goldsmiths' Arms publichoutse, Southwrark-bridge.. road" (collection), 19s. 3d., and a letter dated from Knightsoridge, and signed "F. Ashley," requesting that "the enclosed tri'de might be applied to the use of the poor blind man,' but its contents were foundtohe less than a "trifle" -it contained nothing!
THE PUBLIC H EALTH. (From the Register Genera's Report.) In the week that ended on Saturday the number of deaths registered was 963. In the corresponding weeks of the ten years 1846-55 the average number was 950, which for comparison with the deaths of last week, that occnrred in an increased population, should be raised by a tenth part, in wvhich case it becomes 1,045. It appears that the deaths in the present return are less by 82 than the number obtained by calculation. Of the total number now returned 515 were deaths of males, 448 those of females. There died 192 infants who had not completed their first year, and only 33 men am!n women who had attainedthe age of SOyears or more. Taking zymotic or epidemic diseases in theaggregate, the number ef deaths referred to them is 235; the corrected ave.age of corresponding weeks being 250. It may be inferred, therefore, that at the present time there is even less than the usual amount of those diseases to which the younger part of the population are peculiarly liable. Seven young persons and 3 who were 20 years old or more died of Emall-pox, 32 children died of measles, 23 children and 3 adults of sc-rlatina, 44 children of whooping-cough, and 12 of croup. Sixty-three deaths, of which 36 occurred between 20 and CO vears of age, were caused by typhus; the average is 48. A seventh part of the whole number occured in the London Fever Hospital. Two children died on the same day from typhus, and both after 14 days' illness, in a family in Lant-street, Borough-road. With reference to a family at 1, Bit-alley, St. James's, Clerilenwell, which has lost fire of its members within 1S months, the fifth, a cos'ermonger, having died on the 14th inst. of bronchitis and low fever, it is stated by Mr. Goddard, their medical attendan', that the "miserable dwelling they occupied is quite unfit for human beings, and he 2zcribes the mortality, in some degree, to its bad condition. A house im Staples-inn-buildings is mentioned where five children have been ill ef scarlatina, and two have died. Last week the births of 812 boys and 758 girls in all 1,570 children, were registered in London. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 184-55 the average number was 1,441. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the wee;k was 29-734 in. The highest reading in the week occurred on the 16th, and was 30-01 in. The mean temperature of the week vwas ;5-6 deg., which is 4-1 deg below the average of the same week in 38 years (as determined by r. Glaisher). The mc.n daily temperature vas below the average throughout the week. The highest reading of the thermometer in the shade was 72-9 deg. on Wednesday; the lowest was 44 deg. on Saturday; the range of the week was therefore 28-9 deg. The hEghest reading in the sun was 93-8 deg. on Ionday; the hghesgt on Friday was 65-adeg. The mean dewpoint temperature was 49-5 deg., and the difference between this and the mean temperature of the air was 61 deg. The mean tern' perature of the water of the Thames was 63-3 deg. The temperature of the river varied from 61-5 deg. to 651 deg. The wind blew generaly from the south-west. Rain to the amount of 1-20 in. fell on the last three days, of which go much as one inch fell on Friday. A very severe thunder. storm occurred on the afternoon of that day. At that time rain fell to the depth of half an inch in Eve minutes, and 7-_1ths of an inch in 16 minute. ees were struck by lightning on the east and west sides of the Obqervtory, and during the storm the temperature fell from 61 deg. t4 51 deg.
.'ATAL AND TJTARY IEBLIG2CGE,, The ste7m trsport Euphemus, No. 121, .a>.vea at SpitleMi yesterday morning from the Crimea, -,4th 188 Russian ttns, 36 gun carriages, 3 mantlets (ropp,, 352 empty powder barrels, 43 casks of accoutrements% and 31 chests of arms (621 stand). 'te Lilydale, No. 17, saiMng-transport, brought 57 guan 2undxy mortars, and a. quantity of shot ard sheU from the Crinea, which she has proceeded to Woolwvich to land. The Etna steam-transport went into Portsmouth harbour zyesterday morning to land the Militia she arrived with the day previously from Cork-, consisting of 28 officers and 714 men of the Middlesex and West Norfolk. Her Majesty's steama troopship Urgent, Commander Phillips, left Spithead on Monday night for the Crime,, to bring home troops. The Britannia, No. 2, transport, left Portsmouth yester2ay for Plymouth, with about 100 of the 96th Regiment. The steam-transport Khersoneso, No. 10, left Portsmouth yesterday for Cork with the 94th Regiment. The steamship Great Western was paid off from the transport service at Portsmouth yesterday. The Kangaroo steam-transport, No. 29, arrived at Spithead on Monday night with Royal Horse Artillery from the late seat of war, whom she wvent alongside the dockyard to dissembark. A letter from Simon's-bay, dated April IS, to our Portsmxouth correspondent, gives the following as the latest intelligence from the squadron on that station --"In Simon'sbay the Penelope, 1, steam-frigate, Captain Sir William Wiseman, and the Seringapatam, receiving-ship. The Castor, 36, Commodore Trotter, is on a cruise for a few days only, and it is said wil shortly proceed to the Mauritius and Mozambique. The Frolic, 12, Captain Nolloth, is in Table-bay, having afev days since arrived from the Island of Tristan d'Acunha, it having been erroneously supposed that the islanders (the descendants of the corporal of Artillery and the two or three man-of-war's men who had volunteered to remain in 1824, when the British left) had become too numerous for the means of subsistence afforded by the island. There were 72 persons on the island, about hnlf of whom wish to be removed, with their families and some of their property, cattle, &c. The wives of the first settlers were negresses from St. Helena, but the present generation are well-grown, good-lookingpeople, with scarcely any sign of black blood in their veins. The corporal died .about three years ago, and some 30 of his chil(Iren and grandchildren migrated (with his widow) to the United States. The Dart, 2-gun brigantine, second-uaster M'Cluue, is in the Mozambique, and it; is hoped that she will bring back Dr. Livingstone, the missing traveller, who undertook in the middle of 1854 to cross the vast continent of Africa, from San Paolo de Loando, a Portuguese possession, on the west side of Quilimane, on the eastern coast of Africa. All goes on well as far as Caffre matters are concerned. Sir :eorge Grey is doing all he can to raise them in the scale of civilization, and it is to be hoped that he will be as successful in his endeavours as he was with the aborigines of New Zealand." The Acorn, 12 guns, sailing-sloop, Commander A.rthur WV. A. Hood, yesterday had her compasses adjusted at Black. stakes, and is under orders to leave Sheerness to-day for Plymouth to-teceive orde2ifor her future destination. The Acorn is fully manned. The EL';, 12 guns, sailing-sloop,. Commander Charles H. Hamilton, is ordered to have her compasses adjusted at Sheerness ready for sea. She is now 30 hands short of her complement of seamen. The Merlin, 6 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, Commander Cecil V. Buckley, was inspected yesterday at Sheerness by the Commander-in-Chief, Vice-Admiral of the Vhite the Hon. William Gordon. The Merlin is to proceed to Plymonth, there to await Admiralty orders. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant the Hon. W. C. Talbot, to the Hannibal; J. Molloy, second master, tothe Blenheim; E. P. Bedwell, second master, to the Victory; R. C. Dyer, additional master, to the Impregnable; J. P. M'Ewen, master's-assistant, to the Dasher. Mr. A. F. Hart, mate, has been promoted to the rank of Lieutenant- ,M3r. G. L. Brid-es, Mr. d. C. Seymour, and the loiriJ: B. Vivian;, mates, to the Victoria and obert tolycbhtrJ:lffW.-F.:Harvey, navalcadet, to thVs-Damntless; R. P. Purdon, naval cadet, to the Dauntless; C. C. Starr, naval cadet, to the Dauntless; VW. F. L. Elwyn, naval cadet, to the Tribune; C. WV. Beaumont, nasal cadet, to the Majestic; W. B. Littlehales, naval cadet, to the Royal Albe ; and P. A. Davies, naval cadet, tb the Royal Albert, t' .ear date June 28s; V. Thresher, naval cadet, to the in7dove, W. nL Moger, naval cadet, to the Wanderer - b. x. Hewitt, naval cadet to the Mohawk, to bear date J'Une 24; H. Hodge, assistantclerk, to the Calcutta; W. H. J. Aitken, assistant-clerk, to the Calcutta. The whole of the non-commissioned officers and men belonging to the Chatham divisioin of the Royal Marines Light Infantry are to undergo a course of instruction in the use of the Enfield rifle. Major G. B. Rodney, Royal Marines with tlsree non-commissioned officers, who have *lualifeL themselves as instructors in musketry at the School of Musketry, Hythe, have been appointed instructors to the corps. The following circular memorandum respecting the distinctions of the legion of Honour conferred on British soldiers by the Emperor .iapoleon has been addressed to the officers commanding regiments and depots at home and abroad:- "Horse Guards, June 7. "Commanding Officers of regiments and dep6ts are requested to cause a nominal return to be prepared on the 1st of January in each year of all oficers, non-conunissioned oflicers, and men appointed to the Legion of Honour, who havedied withintheyear, and transmit the same to the MIltary Secretary, in order that it may be forwarded to the French Government. (By command, kec.), "G. A. WETHERALL." THIE MILITIA. The following General Order -was issued yesterday " Horse Guards, June 9. "The Militia forces having been directed to be disembodied, the Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief, previously to their return to their counties, desires to offer to the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men his best acknowledgements for the zeal and discipline which they have shown during the whole period of their service. They have not only performed every duty which fell to their share with the cheerful obedience of good soldiers, but they have in large numbers gallantly volunteered into the line at the most critical period of tlse war, and by thus reinforcing the British army before Sebastopol have essentially contributed to its success. " Several Militia regiments volunteered their services for the garrisons of the Mediterranean. "The offers of 10 regiments were accepted, thereby liberating an equal number of regiments of the line to proceed to the Crimea. "The Queen has been graciously pleased to mark her sense of these valuable services by signifying her commands, through the Secretary of State for War, that the following M',ilitia regiments, which volunteered their services abroad, be permitted to bear the word ' Mediterranean' on their colours-viz., the Royal Berkshire, East Kent, First Royal Lancashire, 3d Royal Lancashire, 3d Royal Westminster (Middlesex}, Northampton, Oxford, 1st l;ing'sOwn Stafford, the Royal Wliltshire, and 2d WVest York. The Field-7Marshal Commanding in Chief congratulates these regiments en the distinction thus accorded to them by "The Field-Marshal has received constant reports from General officers, both at home and abroad, of the excellent state of discipline of the Militia regiments generally, and at this moment of their returning to their homes he desires to express to the officers, non-commisioned officers, and private soldiers of every regiment enibodied during the war his thanks for their good conduct and his best w-ishes for their welfare and happiness. " By command of the Iight Hon. Field-3Marshal Viscount Hardinge, Commanding-in-Chief, "G. A. WETHE1RALL, Adjutant-General."
TIiE TiRON MIT\s OF ERxoooR.-The recent diswovery of iron ores in the uncultivated vwilds of Exnioor Forest, Devonshire, is expected to produce a complete revolution in the iron trade. Already has the district around felt the advantages in a commercial point of view, 'which an agricultural population contending against such adverse elements could not otherwise have obtained. The district has been taken by three of the largest iron companies m E ngland, and their steam machinery and appliances, 'which .are in a forward state of completion, 'will, it is estimated, raise from 200,000 to 300,000 tons of iron ore annually. The most remarkable specimen of ore yet obtained is the new pathos (white carbonate), which is used in the manufacture of steel, and for wvhich Englislh makers lhave hitherto been chiefly dependent on Sweden. A sample of this was dug from the moor, and sent to the Great E.xhibition of 18a5, by Mr. E. Smith, of the Granige, Southmolton, where its value was quickly ascertained; but at that period it was scarcely believed that the lodes were rids enough to pay the cost of working. There are also found in great abundance the red and brown hzematites, puddling ores, and the clay-bands peculiar to the districts of South Staffordshire and Wales. A sample of ore has just been analyzed by Messrs. Schmieder and Co., who have charge of one section of the mines, and found to contain 1;9.S8 per cent. of metallic iron. The proprietors of the Ulverstone ironworks, Lancashire, have secured the principal share of the mxioor undler a lease, and are rapidly sinking shlafts by steam machinlery to test the depth of the lodes. The remaining sections are in the hands of two South Wales iron companies from the neigh. bourhood of M!erthyr Tydvil, vi., the Dowlais Company (late Sir Jolui Guest's), and the Plytioutil Coni pany. The Illverstone Conlpanypossess one-half o' the soutli moor, the Dowlais about 2,000 acres on the west, and the other about half the latter quantity to tlle cast-ar,. Tise impetus given to the employment of labour in the r.eighhbirhood, and the settlement of a large popu lation on the sPot, has caused the Erection of a church, which will be opened in August . and it is not a little remarkable that in dligging thc foundations a new lode of iron ore of rich quality aud vast extent was found. The Ebb..r Vale Company are at present working the iron mnines on Brendon hills, Somerset, a little to the aast of Exmoor, and have obtained an act of Parliament for mnaking a imineral railway to Watchet, which has been commenced. Two lines of railway, one fruLn lExmoor to the sea coast and Lynmouth, and the other to Porloeck, have Leen surveyed, bet whizh wvill ntitnately be adopted is as vet a matter of uncertainty.
THE TUBKISH COOYrINYGENT. The following general Order respecting the Turkish Contingent bans been issued:- " London, May 1. "The Lieutenant-General Commanding' desires to express to the troops of whom ho is now to take leave his great regret that he is prevented from doing so in person. Enabled by the armistice to quit KSerteb for the restoration of hins health, he has been honoured by Her Majesty with an appointment which detains him in England. "'The Lileutenant-General must therefore, however tinwillingly, content himself at a distance with assuring all classes of the force of the great satisfaction he has felt in commanding such a body of men. "The Lieutenant-General wishes most emphatically to acknowledge the great zeal and energy with which all the departments of the Turkish Contingent have discharged their duties, and to offer them Iiis best thanks for their unceasing attention to his orders, especially to Colonel Wetherall, C.B., and Colonel Morris, C.B., who have successively held the office of Deputy-QuartermasterGeneral, the former during the trying period of the formation of the department; to Lieutenant-Colonel Crewe, Deputy-Adjutant-General; Major Stokes, commanding EngineerDepartment; Dr. M'Pherson, Inspector-General of Hospitals ; Commissary-General Adams, C.B., and Major J'ohnstone, Director of Land Transport, as well as to Major Vaughan, who for some weeks actively discharged the duties of Acting Deputy-Quartermaster-General. " Tho Quartermaster-General's Department have throughout displayed great foresight in providing for the comfort of the troops, and most valuable activity in all their duties from the early difficulties which they had to encounter at Bnjukder6 to the present time. " The Adjutant-General's Department, by their perseveranc, tact, and skill, have in a very short period reduced the miscellaneous force thrown together to a high state of discipline and efficiency. The order and system in this department are evidence of the great power of organization possessed by its chief. " The Engineer Department have evinced a zeal and promptitude, an ingenuity and industry which have overcome all obstacles and have provided cover for men, horses, and stores before the severity of the season was felt, at the same time that they placed the extensive position of Kerteh in a condition to repel any attempt of the enemy to carry the place by a coup-de-mann. The excellence of the small Engineer Corps, and the completeness of its equipment, carefully prepared in England by the Commanding Engineer, contributed in a great degree to the success of this department in achieving so Large an amount of labour in so short a period. " The Medical Department have, by the care and attention bestowed upon the health of the men at all times, but especially during the severe visitation of cholera last summer, gained the affections of the Turks, and have thereby contributed in no small degree towards producing the good feeling which at present exists between them and their British officers. The organization of the hospitals and ambulances is most creditable to the Inspactor-General. " The commissaiiat have at all times supplied the force excellently; and, at a short notice, provisioned Kertch under extraordinary difficulties, which nothing but the zeal and energy of their chief could have effected. " Thebirector-General of Land Transport and his officers have efficiently organized their corps, and have been able to furnish a large percenta^e of its strength at all times for the numerous duties that fell upon it. Their exertions to collect forage and convert the shelter put up for the animals into excellent stablin_ are deserving of great commendation. "To Major-General Cunnynghame, C.B., and BrigadierGeneral Nefil, commanding divisions of infantry, and to Brigadier-General Evans and Brigadier folmes, commanding brigades, the Lieutenant-General desires to convey his warmest thanks for the unceasing support he has received from them since the commencement, inthe organization and training of a body of foreign troops, whose present state of disciplie is the best comment upon the exertion of these officers. In the command of the garrison of Kertch Brigadier Holmes has shown much discretion and judgment in preserving harmony among the many discordant elements exising in that town. "The Lieatenant-General desires to congratulate MajorGeneral Dickson, C.B., and the officers of artillery, on the efficiency of their branch of the service in all its parts, and to express his best thanks for the aid he has at all times receivedfromthem, which are particularly due to Brigadier Hall, who for so long a period commandad the Artilleiy. The care bestowed by the Turkish officers and men upon their guns and horses has maintained the high character borne by them in the Turkish army. "The Lieutenant-General is anxious to express his sense of the zeal and ability displayed by Major-General Shirley in arming, clothing, and disciplining the cavalry, at the came time that he mnust assure him of his regret that the numerical strength of his command fell so far short of what was anticipated in consequence of the inability of the Turkish Government to give over the full number of cavalry. ' The Lieutenant-General desires to record his sense of the services rendered by the officers commanding batteries and regiments, and to thank all the officers who have come forward to assist him in the formation of the Turkish Contingent for their services. "The Turkish officers and soldiers of all arms have displayed great merit in the cheerful devotion with which they have laboured through the winter to render their position as strong as possible. The Lieutenant-General assures them of the high opinion he has formed of them during the period they have been under his command. In their military ardour, care of their weapons, obedience, sobriety, and patience he sees the noble qualities which led, under proper direction, to the brilliant defence of Silistria and Karsqualities which he feels assured would have conduced to similar results had the Contingent been engaged under their British officers. "The command devolving on Major-General Mitchell, C.B., Lieutenant-General Vivian desires to assure that officer of his appreciation of the many soldierlike qualities which he possesses, and of the high estimation in which he liolds his zeal, energy, and devotion to his duties, while he thanks him most cordially for his untiring efforts to meet the Lieutenant-General's views at all times. " The Lieutenant-General desires to express his high sense of the ability and value of the services of Colonel Graham, who has been his military secretary during the whole period of his command, and to convey to that officer his warm thanks for the unremitting attention he has given to his duties. "The Lieutenant-General cannot omit to thank Major R. Brett, Commissioner to the Ottoman Government, and commanding depOt at Constantinople, for the indefatigable zeal with which he has carried out his arduous duties. "The Lieutenant-General having selected Mahomed rasha to remain at his head-quarters, he begs to thank him for the assistance he has rendered, and to assure him that he will not fail to bring to the notice of the Turlish Government the valuable aid he has received from him. His lanks are also due to his Turkish aides-de-camp Hussein Bey and Arif Bey. "In conclusion, theLieutenant-General assures all classes of officers and men whom he has had the pleasure to command in Turkey, of his sorrow that the bonds which have united them to him should now be broken, while at the same time he heartily bids them farewell. " By order."
THE PBOPOSED SITE, OF THE NVATIONAL GALLERY. p TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-My attention has been called to a letter in your paper of yesterday, signed by Mr. E. Bowring, secretary to the Royal Exhibition Commission of 1851, in which he says, "It is undeniable that theprinciple of removing the National Gallery to the Kensington-gore site was affirmed by a majority of six to three, and not by 'the single voice' as spoken of by you." This statement Mr. Bow-ring supports by reference to a resolution which was moved by Mr. Milnes in an early stage of the proceedings of the National Gallery Committee of 1853, and which wasto the effect that a paragraph should be introduced into the report, recommending " That, considering all the circumstances of the case, the offer of a site at Kensington-gore, for the erection of a National Gallery of Art, made by the Royal Commissioners of the Exhibition of 1851, should be accepted." It is undoubtedly true, as stated by Mr. Bowring, that this resolution was carried by a majority of six to three; but it is no less true, as stated by you, that the substantive resolution which was embodied in the report, and which determined the acceptance of the site, was only carried by a majority of one. Upon this, andnot upon the former resolution, the question must be considered to have finally and definitively turned, for, if the substantive resolution had not passed, the report of the committee would not have recoimnended the acceptance of the Kensington- gore site. Mr. Bowring further says, "A motion by Lord Elcho against the site was negatived by a majority of seven to four." Mr. BoN-ring must, I think, have mistaken the purport of my motion, which was made not against Kensington-gore, but in favour of another site. The division upon my motion cannot, therefore, be taken as any test of the feeling of the committee as regards the Gore site, for I, and those who supported me, might with perfect consistency have voted for it upon the rejection of my resolution. It appears to me then, having regard to all the proceedings of the cormmittee, that you are perfectly justified in having said, " That the general conclusion of the committee in favour of the Kensington-gore site was in reality only arrived at by one voice." I have ventured to offer these explanations, as it is, I think, desirable that the public should clearly understand the position in which this question of the Kensington-gore site stands, as far at least as regards the decision of the committee of 1853, before my motion comes on on Friday next for an Address to 11er MU.ajesty, " praying Her Majesty to be graciously pleased to issue a Royal commission to determine the site of the new.National Gallery, and to report on the desirableness of combining with it the fine art and archeological collections of the BritishMusemn, in accordance with the recommendation of the select committee onthe National Gallery in 18S.5" _ I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. ELCHO. ;!5t. dames's-place, Jnne Z4. THEADMITrA EsTIrN TEs--The Select Committee have prepared the militia cstiumates for the current year. The number of men required for the disembodied militia is 18,OSS, and the charge is estimiated at 228,9501. up to March :S1, 1857. The numbers last year were 11,916, and th charge 109,200?. The chwarge for raising and training thc militia is 176,3aOt. the charge forretired allowance3 to officers 27,600L, the charge fur local moilitia adjutants ,600., and -the charge of out-pensioners of militia and local militia 22,400?.
IBELAND. (FRO,x OUR OWN CORILESPONDENTA DUBLMI, TUESDAY MOPUAING. THE EDUCATION QUESTION.I Although the majority last night may be regarded as a tolerably decisive expression of opinion upon the question of mixed education, the acceptance of :Nlr. Fortescue?z resolution by. the Conservative party leads to the suspicion that the National system is not yet safe from the assaults of its opponents. The terms of the hon. member for Louth's motion are described as vague and feeble, and it is felt that it would have been the better course to meet the case in plain language which would admit of no ambiguity or doubt. The Freernan7s Journal, with a fair show of reason, observes:- " Mr. Walpole wants that the public funds shall be available for the use of the Church Education Society. Thls demand ought to be met with a plain ' yes' or ' no.' The society that now numbers at its schools, accorping to its own boast, a greater number of Catholic children than the whole of the National Board Schools do of Protestant children-Catholic children who notoriously are coerced by landlord andLady-Bountiful influences to attend these schools and readthe Protestant Bible there, wants money from the State to extend the proselytism it is so stealthily carrying on among the children of the Catholic poor. Shall it get this money orshal it not? is the real question at issue. That societyis an aetive working body, not an abstraction, and It is with that society Mr. Fortescue ought to have grappled. It professes, indeed, not to coerce children, and its friends wll therefore accept the resolution of the member for Louth; but there is no man in Ireland who does not know that the parents of the unfortunate children are coerced to send them to these schools-that Protestant teachers alone are employed, and that the Protestant Bible is daily read as a class-book, and that the conversion of the children is the end sought. It is for this society Mr. Walpolewants the funds, and we look in vain to Mr. Fortescue's resolution for any direct, open, plain, manly denial of the public funds for this society, the only one contemplated by MrWalpole's motion." The Derbyite jonrnals here are quite satisfied with the result of the division, and console themselves with the assurance that the resolution of the House for an address to the Crown in favour of the Church Education Society remains in all its force, and that "Lord Palmerston is effectually checkmated." THE IRISH CHURCe. The deanery of Kilfenora, vacant by the death of Dr. Armstrong, has been conferred by Lord Carlisle upon the Trenerable MichaelJ. Keatinge, Archdeacon of Ardfert. The appointment is extremely popular. Indeed, the same may be said generally of the Earl of Carlisle's disposal of church patronage since his arrival in Ireland. No party, high, low, or broad church, has been able to find fault with it. rTH AMrRrcAN DIFFICULTY. The following copy of a friendly address from the citizens of Dublin to the citizens of New York is in course of signature here. It is already signed by the Lord MIayor, members of the corporation, and several of the most influential merchants andtradeers of Dublin- "We, the undersigned citizens of Dublin, desire to express our deep regret that differences have arisen between the Governments of the United States and Great Britann which have been made a source of public irritation. We wish to express to our brethren in New York our entire disapprobation of the inconsiderate language in connexion with this subject which has been used in both countries by some persons. We would assure our American friends of our sincere goodwil and earnest desire for the preservation of those amicable relations which have existed between us for so many years, and which we had hoped were becoming increasingly secure. Although the political views which have of late been popular in the United States have produced a coolness towards foreigners, and towards Irishmen in particular, we cannot forget how many of our countrymen have found a welcome among you, scope for their energies, and reward for their toil. Nor do we think with other feelings than those of the liveliest gratitude of your overflowing generosity in the seasonof our dire necessity scarcely ten years ago. England and Scotland have transmitted friendly addresses to your shores; we believe tho feelings of Ireland towards the United States, and towards -New Y~ork in particular, should exceed iu affectionate regard the sentiments of either of these kingdoms. The rumours of war fill us with distress; religious and social duties combine to urge us to promote peace, and to avoid all agency likely to cause harshfeelings, or stir up the martial spirit. We cannot but believe that you, as well as we, must deprecate in the highest degree the barest possibility of a war between England and America; and we trust your desires for peace are as ardent as our own. We would therefore entreat you to unite your influence with ours in endeavours to prevent so great an evil, and we caU upon you to let your weight be felt in the right direction. Begging your acceptance of this manifestation of regard, we are your friends." THE FUNDS. Three per Cents., for account, 8th of July, 94' 8 4 ; New Three per Cent. Stock, 91 x -i; ditto, for account, 8th of July, 942 8; Mlidland Great Western Railway Debentures, 4.h pr cent. of 1,0001. 99; Dublin and Liverpool Steamsluip Building Company, 46; Grand Canal Company, 39A; lMining Company of Ireland, 148t
TnE OuTRAGE nraFo Mn. Su3nJt.-The following remarks were made by Mr. x W. Emerson at a meeting at Concord, May 26 :-" I sympathize heartily with the spirit of the resolutions. The events of the last few years, and months, and days have taught us the lessonsof centuries. I do not see how a barbarous community and a civilized community can constitute one State. I think we must get rid of slavery or we must get rid of freedom. Life has no parity of value in the free State and in the slave State. In one it is adorned with education, with skilful labour, with arts, with long prospective interests, with sacred family ties, with honour and justice. In the other life is a fever; man is an animal, given to pleasure, frivolous, irritable, spending his days in hunting and pTactising with deadly weapons to defend himself against his slaves, and against his companions brought up in the same idle and dangerous way. Such people live for the moment; they have properly no future, and readily risk on every passion a life which is of small value to themselves or to others. Many years ago when Mr. Webster was challenged in Washington to a duel by one of these madeaps, his friends came forward with prompkt good sense, and said such a thing was not to he thought of; Mr. Webster's life was the property of his friends and of the whole country, and wvas not to be risked on the turn of a vagabond's ball. Life and life are incommensurate. The whole State of South Carolina does not now offer any one or any number of persons who are to be weighed for a moment in the scale with such a person as the meanest of them allihas now struck down. The very conditions of the game must always be the worst life staked against the best. It is the best whom they desire to kill. It is only when they cannot answer your reasons that thev wish to knock you down. If, therefore, Almsachusetts could send to the Senate a better man than Mr. Sumner his death would only be so much more quick and certain. Now, as men's bodily strength or skill, with knives and guns, is not usually in proportion to their knowledge and mother wit, but oftener in the inverse ratio, it will only do to send foolish persons to Washington, if you wish them to be safe. The outrage is the more shocking from the singularly pure character of its victim. Mr. Sunmer's positon is exceptional in its honour. He had not taken his degrees in the caucus and in hack politics. It is notorious that in the long time when his election was pending he refused to take a single step to secure it. He would not so much as go up to the State-house to shake hands with this or that person, whose goodwill was reckoned important by his friends. E[e was elected. It was a homage to character and talent. In Congres3 he did not rush into a party position. He sat long silent and studious. His friends, I remember, were told that they would find Sumner a man of the world, like the rest; 'tis quite impossible to be at Washinton, and not bend; he will bend as the rest have done. W ell, he did not bend. He took his position and kept it. He meekly bore the cold shoulder from some of his New England colleagues, the hatred of his enemies, the pity of the indifferent, cheered by the love and respect of good men with whom he acted, and has stood 'or the North, a little in advance of all the NTorth, and therefore without adequate support. He has never faltered in his maintenance of justice and freedom. He has gone beyond the large expectation of his friends in his increasing ability and his manlier tone. I have beard that some of his political friends tax him with indolence or negligence in refusing to make electioneering speeches, or otherwise to bear his part in the labour which party organization requires. I say it to his honour. But more to his honour are the faults which his enemies lay to his charge. I think, Sir, if Mr. Sumner had any vices we should be likely to hear of them. They have fastened their eyes like microscopes now for five years on every act, word, manner, and movement, to find a flaw, and with what result? His opponents accuse him neither of drunkenness, nor debauchery, nor job, nor peculation, nor rapacity, nor personal aims of any kind. No; but with what? 'Why, beyondthis charge, which it is impossible was ever sincerely made, that he broke over the proprieties of debate, I find him accused of publishing his opinion of tle Nebraska conspiracy in a letter to the people of the United States with discourtesy. Then, that ne is an Abolitionist, as if every sane human was not an Abolitionist, or a believer that ail men should be free. And the third crime he stands charged with is that his speeches were written before they were spoken, which, of course, mnst be true in Sumner's case, as it was true of Webster, of Adams, of Calhoun, of Burke, of Chatham, of Demosthenes, of every first-rate speaker that ever lived. It is the high compliment he pays to the intelligence of the Senate and of the country. Wben the same reproach was cast upon the first orator of ancient times by some caviUer of his day he said, 'I should be ashamed to come with one unconsidered word before such an assembly.' Mr. Chlirman, when I think of these most small faults as the worst which party hatred could allege, I think I may borrow the langnage which Bishop Burnet appliec to Sir Isaac lNewton, and say that Charles Sumner 'has the whitest soul I ever knew.' Well, Sir. this noble head, so comely and so wise, must be the target for a pair of bullies to beat with clubs! The murderer's brand shall stamp their foreheads wherever they may wander in the earth. But I wish, Sir, that the high respect of this meeting shaU be expressed to 31r. Sumner; that a copy of the resolutions that have been readmay be forwarded to him. I wish that he may know the shudder of terror that ran through aU this community on the first tidings of this brntal attack. Let him hear that every man of worth in New England loves his virtues; that every mother thinks of him as the protector of families; that every friend of freedom thinks him the friend of freedom. And if our arms at this distance cannot defend him fronm assassins, we confide the defence of a life so precious to all honourable men and trae patriots, and to the Almighty Maker of men;"
THE AffAOGY OF EDUCATION IN ENGLAND AND IRELAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The question between the pretensions of the Church Education Society and the rules of the Irish Board wil survive the majority of three to one by-which the amendment of Mr. Grogan was negatived last night. The hopes of theparty will take shelter in the confessions and avoidance (to use the language of a cognate art) wherewith Mr. Walpole and Mr. Disraeli met the plea of Mr. Fortescue. Lik-e protection, or the well-known eagle, this relic of other times, will not leceive its deathwound until its own feathers wing the fatal arrow,-a doom which Lord Derby's last Administration presaged, and which the next will probably accomplish. In the meantime, we must never forget that, however soon the forlorn bird may promise to become interesting as a stuffed specimen, it retains, while it lives, the power of renewing its swoops, and that the ultimate tale of our Irish chickens may depend very much upon the continued vigilance of our eye upon the hencoop. Irom this point of view, you will, perhaps, permit me to recur to the dgregious, but plausible and popular fallacy of arguing from the education of Great Britain to that of Ire. land. You take, it is said, religious denominations as the basis of your organizationinEngland; why not, then, in Ireland? You act among those denominations upon the rule of laissez faire in England; why not, then, in Ieland ? For this reason, among others, if you divide the population in England, first, according to religion, and, secondly, according to the power of each religion to maintain schoolsfor itself, the results was not very different in the two cases. The Registrar-General's Census of Religious WVorship (p. 155) estimates that, out of every 1,000 worshippers, 520 attend the services of the established church. This census notoriously underrates the attendance at the services of the established church, and it is equaUy notorious that the mere roll-call of attendance is a very inadequate measure of those who (politically, at any rate) rank themselves among the national churchs sons, and are prepared to support her influence. However, taking the official numbers as they stand, the established church clams rather more than half the population; the rest is distributed among 23 different sects, witlhout reckoning 18 subdivisions. The Census of Education gives 15,518 public dayschools and 1,442,982 scholars (p. 14). Of these schools, 12,708, and of these scholar, 1,188,786 are connected with some religious body or other, either by way of endowment or voluntary subscriptions; and out of these schools and scholars so connected, 10,555 schools, and 929,474scholars are connected withthe established church; the rest being distributed among the other denominations in proportion not very dissimilar from the number of worshippers attributed to each of them.-(Ibid p. 124) Now, what is there in Ireland to answer to this state of things ? Divide the country according to religion, and you have seven Roman Catholics for one Protestant. Divide the country according to schools, and (putting aside-as you must do in such an argument-all that the State alone does) you have, on one side, nearly all the existing endowments of education, nearly all the most able contributors; and, on the other, seven-eighths of the whole, and the whole of the poorest population. Yet this is the principle on which it is said you ought to distribute your grants in Ireland, because, forsooth, it is the principle on which you distribute them in England. Was there ever such a Procrustean foninukS Why, the same reasoning would oblige the Admiralty to clothe sailors in seal skin, and feed them chiefly on meat at Barbadoes or Singapore, because the money of Parliament has been largely expended in these items at Melville Island. All that can be said of the system of education which exists in England, is that in the face of almost every conceivable objection a priori-of constantly recurring difficulty and embarrassment in administration-of manifold shortcomings and inequalities in practice-it works better than might have been anticipated, inasmuch as it works at all. The cause of partial success, however, or of the absence of complete failure, lies not in the system-which ha, been the growth of necessity, not of choice-but in the verv peculiar circumstances under which it is set to work-such as the balance of religious bodies, no one of which has ever been able to keep the rest, or any one of the rest, fairly down; the energy and spirit of the people, which lead them to respect those qualities in each other, and not to desire the extinction of a rival so much as to keep well ahead of him ; above all, perhaps, that preponderating body, in wealth, number, and intelligence, which amid all the seeming conflict and diverity, is of no party, or of all parties in turn accordingly as the scale has to be weighed down against extravagance, from whatever quarter and of whatever kind. These are not the eircumstances of Ireland. They proc niise to become so in time, and at last. Should such a con? summation ever be realized. it will be soon enough then to import a duplicate Committee of Council on Education, unless, as may be hoped, the elder sister has, in the meanwhile. exhibited some better nl.tforn fnr a-+nnt-nn -na tha younger learnt to appreciate it. CKRDO.
CHArFEEL ISLANDS' BREED OF CA TTLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THEB TIMES. Sir,-Allow me to endeavour to rectify an error most common in England-that of calling the Channel lslands' breed of cattle Alderneys and Jerseys. There is an enormous difference between the breeds of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, the first being by far the best for the quality, quantity, and richness of their milk and butter ; the second presenting frequently more symmetry than the Guernseys, hut being very inferior in qualiity;* and the third, when pure, being of very diminutive size and not remarkable for the quality of their produce. In your report of the Girad Cattle Show in Paris you laboured under the common error, and called the prize cattle of the Channel Islands Alderneys and Jerseys. Now, this is how things stood at the Exhibition :-The Channel Islands presented 16 heads of cattle-Guernsey, 7; Jersey, 9. The prizes awarded were as follows:- Buls. Ist prize.-Mr. Fowler, Jersey. 600 2d prize.-Afr. J. Rougier, Guernsey .00 Cows. lEt Dze.--r. G. Torode, Guernsey 500 2d prize.-rr. 3. ougier, Guernsey . .. .. 40 3d prze.-AMr. Fowler, Guernsey .. .. 300 Besides two mentions honorables-oue for Jersey, OeC for Guernsey. You now see, Sir, that on nine heads Jersey had only one prize and one mention honor-able, whereas Guernsey, on seven heads only, obtained four prizes and one mnc7tion 7tonorab1c. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant. R1.NRY F.- ATARkOTTA Guernsey, June 23.
SHOCRwG IuRRDER NEAB DERBY.-A most brutal murder was perpetrated on Monday evening last on the turnpike road between Derby and Nottingham, in the parish of Spondon, about two miles and a half from Derby. lt appears that about 8 o'clock on Monday evenimg Enoch Stone, glove hand, aged 47, residing in Church-street, Spondon, left his home for the purpose of going toODerby for some dirty linen belonging to his son, who is lving as servant at Appleby-hall, and who was in the habit of sending his clothes to he washed at his father's house. About 12 o'clock the same evening Stone was found lying by the side of the turnpike road near to Spondonvillage, having been most cruellyltreated and robbed. The man who found him is named Davis, and is engaged as watcher for the Derby Anglers' Club. On finding the body-life not being extnct-Davis placed it near to the hedge, and then hastened to Derbytogive information at the police-station. He afterwards returned to the murdered man, and, his features being recognized, he was conveyed to his oun home. Mr. Cade, surgeon, Spondon, was soon in attendance, but at once despaired of his life; and he died about 6 o'clock on Tuesdaymorning. Be never spoke, but remained insensible from the time he was found until his death. The illtreatment the deceased had received was brutal in the extreme, his head being completely battered in. There were no less than eight deep wounds, which had evidently been inflicted by some blunt instrament. There was a large pool of congealed blood on the turnpikeroad where the body was found, and about eight yards nearer Derby were two lesser pools, and it is supposed that deceased was dragged from the latter spot to the former, where, no doubt, his murderers left him. At Cjherry Blill, about 200 yards nearer Derby, was also found a pooi of blood by the side of a stone wall, wnhile one of the stones had marks on it that would have been caused by the firing of shot. That plunder was the object of the murderers isevidencedby the fact that the murdered man was robbed of his boots (odd ones), and there is no doubt that they took the linen he was carrying with him, as an empty hamuer was found on the turn ike-road about 200 yards from where the body was found. er. Stone was a quiet, harmless, inoffensive man, and has left a widow and five children to lament his sad fate. At the time of his death he was suffering from a stroke which he had 20 years ago. Information of the murderwas given to Ir. Jones, superintendent constable of the district, who early on Tuesday morning apprehended a woman on the road near to Spondon, who had been seen in the company of two suspicious characters late on the previous evening. She gave the constable such a contradictory and incredible account of how she had passed the night that it is strongly suspected she knows something about this foul transaction. The inquest had just commenced before Mr. !MIozley, coroner for the district, when our report left. From the nature of the wounds inflicted there is no doubt wvhoevercommitted the murder is bespotted with blood; and from the great activity shown by the police there is no doubt he or they will be speedily maptured. The greatest excitement prevails in the neighbourhood. There had been a great festival at the Derby Arboretum on Monday, and which was attended by between 20,000 and 30,000 people; consequently numbers of poople -were travelling on the road that night. It is supposed that the murdered man was attacked between 11 and 12 o'clock. CRYSTAL PA CE.-OhNE S1EL=U,DAY, Tuesday, June 24.-Admissions on payment, 8,112; ditto, by season tickets. 626; toW visitors. 8,738. [Advertisement.}-Mrs. Shepherd's prxty for Friday, June 27th, is unavoidably postponed.-7, Mansfield-street.
TH1E COJBN TRADE. T.TV-PT.Pnnr. .Tr'T- -S The arrivals from Irelandandcoastwisearemoder.te. From roreign ports re have received 17,24M quarters wheat, 437 quarters barley, 2,735 quarters beans, 2S,127 quarters Indian corn, 9,020 sacks and 43,61 barrels flour; and from Canada"966 quarters wheat, 915 loads oatmeal, and3,23 arrls lor. he xprisin hesame time comprise 1,233 quarters wheat, 1,4S3 quarters oats, 61Z quarters peas, 12,569 quarters ndian corn, 3,041 sacks and 3,040 barrelsflour. There has been a Tgood business doing here in all articles of thetralde since this das week, but as importers have been freely meeting the demand, nO material advance cann be quoted, except en Spanish four, whfich is no worth 60s. ibsdnosummer weather. At this day's market there was a small attendance of the town and country trade, andonly a moderate consumptive demand was experienced for wheat, at a general advance of about 2d. per 'Olb. on all quialities, Flour was in. fair request, and American brought 6d. to I s. per barrel more money. Spanish was held for an advance of Is. per sacl,61s.to62shbeingaskedforbedtmarks. Oats and oatmeal, ith a fair sale, may be quoted d. per 4Slb, and Gd. per load dearer. Barlay being very scarce, brought 2d. per 70tb. more moneY- and beans and peas, although a slowv sale, mustbe quoted rather dearer. Indinn corn was neglected, and the iew smalU orders on the market were filled at ls. o ls. d. er uarer fr bst orternyelow,and l1e. Gd. to l, f.tor best white, being a reeduton tof abtout Gd.per quarter onprices of this day weekl. L S, TuEs5DA. JuN3E 2L We have a moderate supply of wheat, which readily fetches Sg. per quarter advance on the prices of this day seRmight. All other articles realise more money. The weather continues wet and cold. MrIVAT4 rflCfE TfTlI DAY ;7r BRISTOL, JuN-F 24. We have had a goed supply of English wheat offering the pastWeek, for which there was a good demand at 3s. to 4a. per quarter advance. GoedforeigLheidatabeutthetareineiprovement. Flour in demand at 2s. to 3s. Pcr tskc dearer. Barley acarce. and in request at Is. to 2s. per quarter higher. Oain and beans it. to Os. per quarter dearer, and inquired for. Butter-very littMe doing in Irish or Welsh, fresh being plentifuL. Potatoes, new, eontunue in large stupplies. W#heat.-Engiish w,hite, 9s. to &s. 9d. per bushel; red, 3s. 6dJ. to &s.6d. ifaiEe.-3.s. to 53g. Barley.-iWating 40B. to 44s. per imperial quartcr; grinding and distillng, 36s. to 3s.aper 4001bg x3our.-English, a. to 53t, and Irish, S4s. to S3s per sacl, 2801b. A,merican barrel 33s. to1$2. perl96h*. Bran.-6 to 26 Ss. perton. Mait.-Bristol, s. to lOs; country, SB. to 9s. per imperial bushel. Oatmneal 15to 014i0s. olcake,_l10Oto LU perton. Oats.-tinglish, 24s. to 2is. per imperinl quarter ; Irish. potato, 26s. to27se. per 5201b. ; ditto black, 24s.btd. to 25s6 Cd. per 301b.; Welch, potato, 26s, to27t. per3201Ib. - ditto, black, it. toGds per 30ilS. Beans-E nglish, Ss. Gd, to Os 3d.,; tick, Ss. 9d. to Os. 3d. Per imperial bushel. Peas.-Boilers, Ge to7t. per imperial bushel. Piutter.-Cork, 1tt quality, 109g. ; tecond quality, 109B.: third quaality, OTt.; foust3hquwalty, bo.; Welch, lOd. to lid,per lb.; Detect, 10d.1to Cheee-English, 70s. to 90s. Welch, 3S,. to 4OB., Amnerican, SOs. to 3Ot.; Dutch, SOB. to 70s. per ewt, ILrd-Bindder- Irish, 75s. to 8S keg. O3t. to 72t. Per cwt. Bacon,-Inghish, 74g. to 7Ss.; Irish, T4., to lOs,; American, SOt. to 62s per cwvt. Arrivals for the wveekc endig Juae 23.-Wheat.:-Foreign, 1,6S0 quartert; Irish, 310 quarters - cosatwise, i2 quartert. Barley :-Irish. S63 quartets. 'Oats:-Irish, 1,040 quartere. Beaus :-Coastwine, 12 quarters. Plour :-Irish, 79 sacks; coattwime. 1,125 tacks. Averages for the wreek ending June 23.-Whbeat, 016 quarters, TOt. Gd.; harley, 335 quarters, 24s. lid.; oats, 24 quartert, 04a. 3d.; beans, 39 quarte, 45g.d }RElGN,IOIg OF E3ISEOPS.-We irnderstaaad that Dr. Blomfield has sent in his resignation, owFing to continued ill-health, as bishop of the metropolitan diocess. We lear from geed aulthority that the Bishop of Durham contemplates thle immediate resignation of the see 'which he ha5 occupied for fo many1 years.-Mo,'aing7 ,7po,r.
SHIP NEWS. T.TVm~PfV. r.- .I -Wmra,-N. W. AxrIv_ed.-The Rubin, from Moulnein-the Llliee, rSo 8t. Jobnr, New Brunswick-the Dauntless, from ApaIachiool-theBeWYounf,; from St. John's, New Brruawick-tie Capitol. from BAltimoro-tbC anmtascatka. fromIio lache-the Majestic, rom Bonny. Off.-The William Miles, from Bonny. Sailed.-The Wild WaTe, for Corfa-the Judith, for Calcutt&-tha 0stenvald, for Mlalta-the Flora, for Newfoundland-the Scott% for Valpwaiso-the Amna. for Pillau-the Norweia, for Alesund-th% FrederickBohmn, Frederick der Grosse, and Angust, forDantla.i The Eagle, from Charleston, with lossof bulwarisand stanchions aoo port side, haring been in contact on the 21st inst.. with a lage ahiP be. tween Cork and WVaterford, has anived here. The schooner Euily. of Carnarvon, laden with coal, boundI for Franoe, has put into the Hiver Dee, after being on shore, LoNDOre, June 24.-W'md at noon, westerly, light breeze, Ana cloudy. BRTSTOL, June 2L-Wind, W.N.W., fresh.-Arrired.-Tbe Elizabeth Yeo, from Quebec-the Tinlf a. from Trieste-tho Lady Helms, from Cork-the Victory, from Port Talbot-the Neath Abbey, fro. Neath-the Queen. from Hayle. Sailed.-The Montague, for LiverIool-the Shamrock forHaverfordwest-the Cornwall for 1ayle-the' Juno. for flfracombe-the Psincess Royal, for Bideford-the Pdane or Wales, for Swansea. F-eaouns, June 23; wind .N.Z.W.-Arrived, the Erangeline% fFot Syra-the Anandas, from Gslatz: both for orders. Sailed--Tia steamer Ondine, for London. CaO.tsyApr. June 17-The Savanna, arrived here to-day from. Blyth, had been aground on Nargen, on the 1Ith of June, andh#4 thrown some cargo overboard. BouToorne, Jtune 23.-The cargo of the Nienrod, from Arklow, for 'ewcastle, on shore south of Etaples, is being discharged, There is. little hone of getting the vessel off, and the water isfdowing out oflher on all aides, her rigging and materials have been sared. 3'rAT. nune 18.--TheFenice, from the Danube, for England. tme in here on the 9th of June lealy, was sunveyed, and is transhippnge cargo into the Southampton. SvruK, June 14.-Else EnterPrise, fromLirerpool andthe Alfin. from Troon, are reported as airived in this gulfon the 10th of Junej having grounded on the sandbamnk new Pelican Spit, andwlllhab to dischare part of their cargoes. GRA.=SEND, JuNem 23. (By SUBMARI sAND Brress TE tAr]L) IFrom floyd's.) Arrived.-The Naparima, from Trunidad-theWllliam Shipton, fron: Singapore-the Sir Charles Napier, from Pernambuco-the Alma; from Christiania. JutE 2. 9 30 a.m.-Wind, S.W.; tide, four bours' ebb* fresh. Axrived.-The Sabrina, from Snmta C;ra-the Indian Chief frOm. Colombo-the Rachel Lotinga, from New York-the Eliza, from Calcutta. Sailed.-The Union, for Cadiz-thc Jennie, for Canaries-thb steamer Paris and London, No. 1, for Paris. 1 p.m.-Wind, S.W., tide, I hour's filood; fine. Arrived.-The Jubilee, from Guernsey-the Stuns, from the Xa-co tius-the PrDsperous, from Caen-the Dievendians, from Groningei. the Clydeside. from the West Coast of Africa-the Caroline, from. Hamburg-the Fortitude, from Guernsey. Sailed-The steamer Albion, for Boulogne-the Elise, for Ieghomr-the steamer Dublin, for Bremen. 3 p.m.-Whnd, S.W.; tide. 3 hones' lood; fine, Arrived.-The Inca, from Barbadoes-the Frederick and Ann, from Faaborg-the Ienrietta, from omnrovia-the Mlayllower, from Calcutta-the Beann, from Groningen. 7.30 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; tide 2 houres' ebb; fine, Arrivod.-The Elizabeth Sophia, from Frederickstadt. DEAL, JutE 23. (By SUcMXn1NZ AND Enesse TBxxrn,l (From Lloyd's.) Passed.-The Thomas and Joseph Crisp, from ShieldIs for Messina.- the bark Rambler, from Shields for Berbice. JuxE 24. 9 amr-Wind, W.S.W.. moderate. Passed.-Tho Sarah Sands, screw steam transport, 283, from the' Black Sea, for the river. A&nchored.-Tie Dumblane, from Newcastle for Goree. Sailed-The Limehouse and Fifeshire, for London. Noon.O-Wind, S.W., moderate. Passed in Channel on the 23d.-The Wilbelmine, from Ansterd&DD for Surnnamn-the Surinam, from Newcastle for Tonlon. 2 p.m--Wind, W.S.W., moderate and fine. Passed-The Robina Mitchell, from Calcntta for London-th&e serew steamer Paris and Lonion, fromLondon for Paris. Passed Beachy-headonthe 23dL-The sbip Adirondack, from NeW Orleans for Antwerp-the Atlanta, from Galatz for Amsterdamthe Maria Catherina, from Brindisi for Rotterdam-the Goode' Schwestern, from Amsterdam for Patavia-the Chiabera, from, Genoa for Newcastle-the Louise, from Havaunah for Stoclhoolm. 7 0p.m. Arrived and i'assed.-The Racer, fromBceghorn-tbe Leander, feom Hfavannab-the ThaEia. from Mnuritlun-the Nancy and Emma from Galate for London-the PLita, from Smrinamn for Arcateedam-thoVictory, from SSien for -theAtaanta, from GalatzthbeElisabeth and Jacoba, from Bango,wanee for Ansterdam-tho- Ema, from Sinnapore for Copenhagen. Arrived and Anchored.-The ,Uargaret CouneL, VESSEIS Sroa:n Wrs. The George Arthur, from Liverpool for Adelaide, South Australia,. June 16. in 1at. 43 H., long. U1 W. The Roscoe, April 15, in lat. 27 S., long. 53 B. The Thomas Dryden, from Masulipatam for London, April 28tb, in long9. 35 S, long. 23 E. The Victoria, May i, in Lat. 12 S., long. 15 E. The Xoh-i-Noor, from Ceylon for Liverpool, May 11, in lat. 14S.,. Ieng 7 W. The James Lumsden. from Singapore for Liverpool same day The Baroness, from Penang, May 27, in Lat. 10 N., long.28 W. The Dubliu, from Sierra Leonefor Plymouth, June 4, irn Lt. 29 N,. long. 38 W. The Mayflower, from Calcutta for London, 18th, in tat. 4 N., long_ is W. The screw-stesmer Victoria, eteering E., June 5, in Lit. 36 N., long.. is E. The brig Pactolus steering E., June14, in Lat. 37 N, long 15W The Anerican ship White Eagle, stecring S.E, 17th, in lat.-365N., long. S W. The transport Colombo. June18, in lat. 3S N., long. 9W. The bagrk Enmma. o6fNorth Shields, from Sincafor Lorndon, June 10, The Danish ship Adele, from Liverpool for the southward, June14,. in lat. 43 N., lon-t 12 W. The ship Pedestrian, from Liverpool, June15, inlat.4GN., long.. The bark limoene, from London forAlgoa-hay, June 16, in lat. 4 Ns long, 9 W khe bark E miiy. standing S.W., June 16, in lat. 44 N.. long. 13 W. The Napleon II., from London for Sydney, April 24 in iat. 30 S_. Tie Orbona. bound S.E., 29th, in lat. 25 S., long. 241V. The Ocean Telegraph, for New York, 30tb, in lit. 24 S., long. 24W. TheDauntless, from Bonny for Liverpool, May20, inLait 301N.V Tb Marathon, from Penang for London, May 30, in Lat. 24 B., long. The Sarah ayse, from Akyab for Falmouth, April14, in lat, 34S., long. 30 E. The Augusta, from Calcutta for Bremen, April 11, in lat. 34 T., long. 29 B. The Meesey, from Calcutta for London, Feb. 23, in Jat. 1 N., long_ Ss W. The Fawcett, from Maryport for Quebec, June11, in lat. 45 N., long, 0W. The deeaspore, of London, bound S., Msy 4, in lat. 18 S., long. 27 W. A largeblack ship bomd E., June15, in lat. 4S N., long. 30W. A Ehip. withlblackball in topsail, bound W., June16, inlat.448N.,. The Caroline from Sydneyfor London, in lat. 33 W., long. 42W. The Neptune, fromnFalmouth, for New Yorl, June 1, in lat. 43, long. 58. The Fraucisca, from Liverpool, for Galveston, May 26, in lat. 27 X., long. 09 W. The Lady Elena Brue, from Cape Comoriu, for London, May10, in lat9S., Iong.16w. The Atalanta, from London, for Calcutta, May 22, in lat. 1 N., IoDg. 24 W. Tb Adoir1 Janu Evetoen, from Batavia, for Amsterdam, Mjay28,. ininat. 15N., long. 34 W. The Shakipeaxe, from England, for Jamaica, May 4, in lat. 21 N. T Campbell, from Bombay, for the United Kingdom, May 13, in 1at. 43 N., long. 290I. IIGH WATER AT LONDON1-BRIDGE THIS DAY. Mornin .. 51 min after 6I Afternocn .. 18 mm. alter 7
TO THE EDITOR O THE, TE1rES. Sir,-In your police report of Thursday last there appears a narrative of an application to Mr. Elliotta the ma- istrate at Lambeth, by a blind youth mamed ThomasScholfield, of Atherton, near Bolton. Permit me to statethatthis youth wasadmitted an inmate of Henshaw's Blind Asylum, lanchester, in February, 1848, and was dismimed. therefrom on the 21st Of June, 1S56, for breach of discipline. During the whole of that period he was chargeablet to the Leigh IJnion. For upwards of fom- years previous tohis dismissal Scholfield was instructed in basket-making, and, cousidering the time he was thus engaged, he acquire*. a fair deg,ree of profiCiency. It is Just to add that hiis conduct generally was satisfactory. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant. GEORGE FAT,KNTRn Eon. Secretary, Henshaw's Biind Asylumi. King-street, Mancnester, June 9.
SALES BY AUCTION. Freehold Ground Rents, in the county of 3iddlesex, amounting to about ZS0 per annum, and several Freehold Houses, let at rack 7TESSRS. WINSTAINLEY have received directions VTI rom the Executors to S=L by AUCTION, at the Mart, n Moinday.June 30. and foUowing da3y in numerous lots, an e-xtensire and aluable FREEHOLD PtOPRATY consistring of about 300 dweling-houses, pubUc.bousesm shoms and wibarves, situate on the Tilekiln and Coldharbour stitates, in the Ilackney-road, viz. :-in Trafalmr-place east. Cambridge-place, York-place, Tuilerie-street and place, Boston-street, York-street north, Cro2s-etreet, Great ard Little Cambridge-streets. Eerbert-street, Edith-street, WVindmill-street, Brunswick-street. WVeymouth-terrace, Ctumberland-street, Kent-treet,WVaterlao-place, Bath-pl.ace, &e.: some of the leases have only short terms to run: the grounmd rents are elle secured, and the lots vary from s5 to;!50 per aunum, and amount to about 500 per annum. Particulars ill bo zeady 14 das previou to the sale, to be then obtained of Harzirwn Rhodes. Eg., solicitor, Daviea-street,Berkeley-ounre, Mr. Boston and atthe Na6'YE ead,in the Itacaney-road; the place of tale; and of MUessrs. Winstanley, 10, Patemoster-rowr. Now on View, at 11, 21rontagu-square.-The excellent maodern Furni- ture and Effects. ^IESSRS. RUSH WORTH and JARVIS tvill SELL W by AUCTION, at their great Room, Saville-row, on WVedesday, July , at l', (a sale noet being permitted on the premises,l an elegant DRAWVING ROO5 SUITE, comprising rosewood chairs, couches, and ottoman covered in crimson and green dgured sllk, carved rosewood too, card,and occasional tables,a finely carved rosewood conmnode brilliant chimney and console glasses, ad elegant gilt console, chandelier, velvet pile carpets, a fewv pictures and frmed prints, a set of a psu eor Spa mahogany dining tables, a finely carvedsideboar1, t ino niner waggons, 20 chairs with stuffed backs and seats in maroon morocco leather, Turkey carpet and rug, a bookeaso with secretaire : in the bed chambers are handsome four-post, Arabian, and other bedsteads and damask hangings.with superior bedding, capital owardrobes, washltands ith marble tops, cheval and toilet glas.=es, kitchen requisites, table china and glass, and variouxs ellect, which may now be viewed at No. 11, .Mfonta-square. wrhere cainlognes may bceobtained; and of M'essrs. Rtushworth and Jarvis, Saville-rowv, Regent-street, and 19, Changealley, Cornhill. Cheshire. near Macclesfield and Congleton. MR. FERGYSON has received instructions to sub- a mie to AUCTION. at the Lion and Swan Inn, at Congleton, on Thrsiday, the 3d day of July next, in several lots, TWO sigbly desisable- FRtEEHOLD FARMIS, ralled Crossley and Lowe Farzzs. comprising above 312 acres of firat-rate arable, readow, pasture, and wood situate at Buglawton. near Congleton, and five miles from Macclegfield. including many highly desirabie building sites immediately contiguous to the town of Coneleton. The farms are occupied by very rspectabletenants,at moderate rents. Printedparticularandconditionis of eale will be ready for delivery 14 days Prior to the day of sate, ana maybe had of the auctioneer, at his office, at Congletan,; of Afr. Ieech, Iand eurveysm, of Leek, Staffordshire; and the Lion and SwFan Inn, Congleton ; of Mlesses. Vs lson and Mborhoure, solicitors, Congleton: and of Mfessrs. Eanken, Ford, Lonebourne, and Vic'kerman, of Gra'sinn. Liondon, In Baukruptcy,-ILong Lenseholds, near Canonbury. Is'angton. jIySSBS. HASLAZII and BUCKLAND are ill- sLx tructed by the Assignees of Mr. J. B. Pearse a banlsmnpt, wvith th;e coenrrence of thne Morthgagee,to SeELL by UCION ant the either for occupation or investment, held for an unexp)ired term of 97 years, at low ground rents, consisting of four substantially.builit eightroomned residences, being .Nos. 333.35,3. and 36.in the Oxford-road, Islmngton, let to Mfessrs. Stedman. Wheeler, and others, at rents Resoetnces, hea;ldt forasiilar ltnerm,-being N-os. 26,27, 28 and29. inthe Camb idge-roa.d, Is'angton, .and of the estimated annuaf alue of 150. May be viewed bypermission of the tenants, and particulars, wiath conditions of sale, bad sof E. H . Cannaxa, Fsq, official assignee. 1S, Aldermanbury; of John -W-zckrell. Lsq,, solicitor. 35, Cannon-street west;< of Job C'onworeh. Fsq., solictor, 32, Hatton-g.aden;P or of 5fessrs. Hastam and 2ncls2nnd, auctioneers and surveyors, at Reading, and 89, Cannon -street west, city. On Saturday next.-M.agnifccntly Carved Sideboard, representing the Anlo-French and Turkish Alliance, unique in design, elaborate in esecutEon, and unequalled as a sPecimnen of the art of wvood-carving : also various other specimens for which the Society of Aria and the Mfarchcatersociety respectively awardedthr goldand silver medast. 1IjIII EDWVLN FOX2 is directed to SELL by AUC. ,kJ.TION, at Robinson's Rkooms. 21. Old Bond-street, on Saturday next Jnne2S, atl2 valuableSPESIMEfNSof WVOOD4ABVT,NG, emi-oracing a beautiful sideboard of solid oak, 9 feet in leneth, with carved ;canels of lime tree, comprehending the union of the alliec, equestrian roedallons of the Sovereigns, portraits of their most Oistiugnishe generals, representations of the armY and nary, and finely wvroaght allecorml and emblematical devices. M a ispecimen of wood-carving jtt ispronosned unequalled, wvhile as a work of art, its elaborate extecution, beauty of design, and correctnes of detail, render it perfectly uni,ise. The other carvings are 22 in nmUlber, and include the Battle of Waterloo; Battle of the Bridge. after Rubcens; Battle ot tbe Granicus ; Led and the Swan; Nymphs Bathing, *c. May be viewed at the l2aeeof sole privately, byorders onl y,on the26th. and publicly on the ,7th aud moraine of sale, and catalogues bad at tho roomns; and ae 3Mr. Edwin Fox's offices, 41, (Colemsn-street, sanlr,; Growing Crops Grasa-IVPles` on. Middles,ex. f-1HINNOOR and GALSWORiTEiY wvil SELL by ~A UCO, onthe Premises. Iloundwood Farm. Willeid.is. bagli n ha i amil oof the Royal Oak, 0fredn-re.o the Harrowroa,d. THIS D)AY. June 21th, at 5 precisely, in lots, the growing CROPS of GRASS on 10 acres of rich cmeadow land, in a hgighy pr,mit-log state, and containing excellent herbage. May be viewed; and particulars obtained of the bailiff, on the Premises; at the Rtoyal Oak; and of the -auctioneers, 28, Regent-treet, WOaterloo-place. In Chanoery.-Xsy v. Johaston.-Oakr House, Felthani-hill, M1iddlesex. -Valuable Agreement for a Leatc, with Power to Purchase at a fixed sfum. CIHINNTOCK and GALSWVORTHY will SELL by 1JA'UCTIPON,. upon the Premises, on Tuesday, July 1, at 12, pursuant to a Decree or the High Court of Chancery. made in the above cause the valuable AGREEMENT, for aTLEASE orseven year,of the excWellt RESI)EXCE. Oak H1ouse, Felthamn, Middlesex, seated in the centre of extensive park-like grounds, in a fashionable andbealthful locality. The niouse contaius superior accomimodation, and is in every w'ayadaPte for the reception of agenltleman's family. A large outlay has been maade in the building of a corlserrato ry5 Sfretlong, constructed by Weeks and Co., who have introduced alltheir modern hot- wter aPParatus, and patented appliances for circulating air of a proPer temperature. The groiinds are extensive and.tastefully lad out, thbofruitgasdeos, ic.. wellatocked. Theagreementforleasecontaios powr t puchae a afixd sm, nd illbesold, including allthe unpoveeot an oulaymad l~ th prsen owers Ma be. Tiewed by ars nl, ndpariclas stind o Mssa.. ndW. "asworhy,solcitrs,12,OldJewy-cambrs;W,Turquand, Esq., re- kieantandcosly urituse. OrnamentalChn,elrofaube Wins, arrsge, hgh-redHores,Cows,. Plants, and Out-door CIHINOOKandGALSWOETHY wvill SELL by ~JAUCION, n thePremines as above. ont Tuesday, July 1, and follwin das, ursantto a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, madein te an of"Nayv. Johnston," all the elegant and costly EFFETS o theMANSON, ncluingz drawing room suidle in macone tigured satin, marquere caiesand consolesi carved gilt fraecon,chiez,priedieuandrecumbenitciiairs;the diningroom,libraries and morning rooms are furnished in a corresponding style, and incine a setsof well-made walnut tree extending dining tables, 12 ditt chairs, asuperb sideboard surmounted by large plate o,f glas, morocco sofas and onchbes, antiqLue library chairs and bookcase, a 81 horizontal s..-t"d pianoforte by Broadwoo 1, elegant or-moulu chased chandeliers, lofty pier and chimney glasses, Saxony pile and Persia cames, bronze ball figures and timnepieces, proof engravings; Dresden hina ornaments, A-c. TOoe contents of the sleeping apartments comprise a modern carved oak canopy bedstead 'with figured satin furniture, orsnamental brass bedIsteads, handsome dwarf and winged wardrobes, marble washstands. todets, and chamber appendages. The wines are of the highest class and very choice, and consist of East India Sherries and Madeira, old Port, lafitte Clarets, &o. The carriages comnprise a newvly-built dog cart, an open raUl gig, and a mail phaeton worty th attntin ofnoblmenand entlmen Maysrbe view dtw Mer.j AUCTsON,a theGalawrth, scitors,n 12,uolday Jewly-3chatbers PLOcnTS and AdamHO, soLcors 17GLnOUnslN-eDs; of Mess Gaaortofthy,autinerthMst28,aRegent-stree,Watberloo-place.ai occupying some of the highest ound in the nieighbourhood. commandag- extensive views of a ric~ diversifed country, extending to Sydenharni and the Surrey Hills. The plots vary from a quarter of an a,creupwards, andwillbe sold with themusta restrictions, which have been so conducsve to the general advantage to parties buying plots en thijs estate. The sites ace approached on all sides by good roads, the 5outei gravelly, and the situation within 10 minutes'of a railway station on tho Richmond line, and contiguous to the noble avenue skirting Wimblodon-park. Villas of a moderate character on this estate meet with immediate puireoasers and ready occupiers, rendering the properly eligible for a sale and profitable investment, Plans andL particulars may be obtained of Messrs. Batty and WhiMtehosuse, solicitors, 28, Chartes-street; of C. F. Cundy, Esq., solicitor, Carlton-ehamberg, 8, Regent-street; and of the auctioneers, 28, Regent-stret, First-clas City FreehoIds Lower Thames-street, close to Fish-stret- bill;- Ground Rent of 80 per annum, secured by a newly-erected property of great value ; Two capital Houses, with large Shop ; and a valuablelWarehouse of three stories, in Pudding-lane, adjoiningproducing together X5ef0 per annum: ver eligible investraenst for tnust moneys. VIIINNOCK and GALSWORTHY aye instracted NY.s to SEIJ. by AUCTION, at the Mlart, on Thursday, July 3. at 12, valua-ble FREEHOLD ESTATES, comprising the newly-erected range of warehesdses and shoPs, situate and beinig Nos. 121. 122, and 1221, Lower Thames-street, with the warehouse premiises in the rear, let at the lowi grudrn f0pr ann-um, thke rack annual valuoc being 380; la two substantial hours;s with large shops, vaults, and him nunsspremises being Nos. 123 andx 124, Lower Thames-street, and a valuable warehouse of four stories, vaults, &C.. situste in Pudding-lae, adjoining partly let or. lease, and producingzC440 per annum. Th le lst portion OF the Property possesses great capabiliti-s for securing an us. creased rental by rebuilding. May be viewed by permisslon of the tenants, and particulars obtained at the Mart, city ; of J. Clark, Far., selicitor. Sessions-house. Old Bailey: of Geo. Wales, Esq., surveyor, 8, Great St. Helen's' orof Messrs.Chinnock. an d Galsworthy, auctioneers, 28, iiegent-street, 'Wterioo-plaos. Tlazts.-Stourcliff, close to Boumnemouth.-245 scuem of Freehold Land wi-th a mile of coast, a sh Imn estate for a marine residence. fHINNOOK an'd G'ALSWORTHY wfi SELL by CAUCTION. at the Mart, en Thursday. July 3. at I, in two lots, the above important FREEHOLD MARINE ESTATE, compriseg 245a. of landof a highly undulating character, covered with plantations of larch, pine, and other deciduous forest trees, occupying a roost comm anding porition, situate on~I rulme from Boumrneouth. St mules from Christ church, and?7 from oo e. The property iv bounde;d by the residential estates of General Sir P. D. SheUly, Admiral Pophacn, and Wadham Locge, Esq. The views from the estate are delightful beyonid descrip tion, extending from Hurst Castle to Corfe Castle and the I urbe hlsincluding thelNeedles, and a large portion of the Ise of WIgbt ~together with the lovely Vale of the Stour and Avon, and bounde by the Picturesque hills of Wilmesbury and the New Forest. The estate may be treated for Privately, either enintie ermi part; it is equll well adapt-ed for division, and offers unusual opportunities to ln societies, for building peculations, residence in this loeadity being most diffiteult to obtain. Particulars may be had of T. Itingdon, Esq., solicitor, Bousmemouthj- of C.Creeke, ENq, aichitect, B3ournemouth; of Messrs. Chinnock and Galssworthy, 28 Eeent-street, Waterloo-place. Wimblodon-common. (park side).-Important Sale of Freehl Build- intites, of from one and a half to four acres. IN K and GALSWORTHY Wil SELL by R- UUN at the Mfart on Thursday. July 3, at 12, numnerous very eligible EEERhOLD- BUI'LDING PLOTS, especially adapted foi the erection of first-class vilas, which let and sell in this loaIty immrediately or before they are finisthed. The land1 forminig this sale com-. prises the Durhamn-hill portion of the beautiful domain of Wimbledonpark, eminently distinguished as the moost healthful neighbourhood in the environs of London, easy of access, being only six miles from Hyde- ~at?j and near the Wimbledon, Putney. and Wandsworth Rmail, OmTesEtate Is well MnPuoId wlt pu~re -eteefrom as ses well, lighted on its outskirts by gas, andisunsurpasFed foritsguesqueo Ceuery antI delightful drives, These Plots maY be approached directly from the commoni by the New-read, adjienitng the grunds of Belmont house,by theenimns nearthe Wibledo Statiorn, also by the lodge driveat7Parkey-heato, through theplntato, whunich leads- to . thebo of he il, comPlemanding th natralaphitheatrcformed bytese verum elgblAUCTdION a sthes DecitvMart. iculdarsandy p vlanuayble ob-] tained ofprMesss Batty ND WhTeose, srolici gtors 26 Charlescsteet, S7I2. paes's C.nra P' Cundy from. foliitr, (varton-hmsbers96,7,8, Regntstr entiuan oftesrsace RegennocpakaOs and shaorth, 28, Jegent-street, woty 5 eetsre,Waterloo-place. [Re-terrs-ake-mprdedPark.und Rents,eaounteiengesIa 73ort eami annum,in aml Recurdayl ofoprty rodcing37 paeLaero annuvemer, (IHINNOCK and G.ArSWORTHY WiM -SELL by %-'AUCTION, at the Mart, ody July 7 . t1,-, h valuabWe wefJ secure improved GROUNES beinTNs. 5 amonting tora n etrincmd 73 pffier nu, ar'disingt froma foresprivabetent houses being , a 97, 8, an a1 Bniuck-'terr onaie s Reg-ent'-ak ae hoouse,n shop 38,g-ohn-s,threet adjmsoininheg,oand a lcor,ach-hom ewithtabliang,te wole d roducing apat rentale tof abgoucten371t13 per annumPrtcuar maybe -ob tiedm of ar Peaceey,sion, sol(Pricitora17 Salisbur-squae;hofusr. hIsle, 4,o Wetor 3,LingoInsin-rear, S s Jonswo; and of Messr s. Chinnock a nd aliry Galsworthy, an2 aE5 Zetv2, Regent-street, Waterloo-place, Oxforde-terrace, Hoe-ar,--oLeseol esidenes P etifortersdems rpeodctablRenart,al d of ingf212 annum. SaeLesodInetent, (IHINNO OK and G~fALSWOTYwill SELL by k- AUCTION ,a h at on Monday uly7, t l,ya7th Mart1, TWO excel lEnGTde b L PAIHVATEHOU Rf en DNEs. formand t1,Ohoe-chearrac thye-prk,tneark Susex-garens.N.7onpadgtains13 oto,oms and nus annm fr 5 ont,elpanndinstevaen bedco aroms, twoc daccngommodathren rooamsion thesgrounde flsoor an a clix rangesostbignh of ardomestcamar. mantsm and toe ailgoedotenant,a 138 tierec anum Held for-terms of abotIeyars, unexpired, at vederlte ground rents. May be viewed b ems by emsin n atclr ad of Jac. Pehocsy EsEsq solcitor,1 aibr-qzc;lr -e 16 icl'-n-ils n fMessrs. Chinnock and Gale-worthy, ~R~in-tee,Vzr;0Pam-. Sothaller anUd ladgentsx28 Reet gtentet niat lyErb psoe.c,pa lenick-eGruncs, rleazrbckng Gget ard~engts Friarto Resdence ande o Six h ranesdof ig cifyi thewa oortation pofrhighl reelighib admropery eithertoreinvelmentoriOccpation CTH911O0K and GALSWORTHY will eL by, fa COure aitt intheMrut,o to, on Mody. AUCTION, ot2 n lorsda, EIGHTesimIePRVATE ESIDNCES faning tedchiey psriv-t iga, fine viwove h pr,ad aiganoaeta ersere cachfaoucey rsdences it i agsfsalgi h ero ae Thke wholed whenull Ocupe wil pcresod uca stof4pe hah ulum, atnd they Wilbsd in lots subenct tol estorterm avi yer,fo 87 tvery lgefona owt grun rens. Mayrtcuowedeby pernis-h stenion of theltenans, thweiecsin pandtsay tme,and pbariculars 4ThWellingtown-roa, Esq., dnswod Hat the Auctio at. a, Mssrs.t o ChneorgWand Ga s-othy.o2, RGetsreel t, m Waelopace SathealleMddneersofieL-opstr,ol etemny2eiece ak l TeG ouns TuPleasure and Ka istchnGrdn,Frm.ad andot17 MESSRSK andLE ,dL HORTHY aeinstetboo faordt t ismtost SELL by AUCTION,wtotr3e, on thursda,ml, lat the residense Grof , Mrs therhesithLwsstae near t hi-4I olr,g road, TAR DSotal.compRYisingacoedn w s cur ppuil fmilyEnhouse, Stapa, oble o coachhouse d5treligeahtfulplaure andp ktchpentn gardens, fis 700d parkwike goroun edswel fioubr ped, wrm and 1acesor superior ppears land ina higho r cutiateIon; w the whole lyng inca an dpvroringen, Th esdtate havingu castteniron oef holderns, eematcust-ronit plans. mayr-ove pobtainedof Thomneasd brogin, svral, rosolbicitor, k, Hurtn-cut Tprer.andsmoedestreet;g of iGergetua, Efour surveyor,d Girea t ';ada T cws T0 urpentine and TarDistillers,e and other is, en,i M~~~~;jarton,Ro14iro-bondsilbutsthit br,wcock, -le, eams an wiht.thou hrsesev, ton thgonsremtwo of thetilate Matr., ob n-eard th a Ploe Dock. tothe DAY, uno 2. at , inlts, te I' JuTno a 6h TURPNTN dozndo TA DSTLLRY icldig w cppr elin pen,aaable RTW of four coper worms and bak,o o tarotll ~~~~peds ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ hswiei bisofchoi old crusted Port, from four resir to seven years in bottde. Thompson and Croft's, Burmeeters, Sandeinan's, Forreester's, a&a other shipper.; three pipes of Poet win, recently bottled, shipped by Quarles, Horna, and Sons; 300 dozen of superior Sherry, including Eome old brown Convent Sherry; 40 dozen of Mledoo Claret, and 30 dozen Bucellas. Samplos may be had at any time by Paymaent, The wines are lying in ceDars, 25, Tokenhoure-yard, in the saol custody of the auctioneersg who are thus enabled to pledge themselves that the wines shall be delivered strictly in accordance with the ramples shown. To be viewed and tasted in the celars on Wedneday previosu to the sale. Catalogzues maybe had at the Mart; sod of Messrs. Fuller and lHorsey,Biillter-treet, city. RIOt-v. ^FESSiTS. FULLER and HORSEY are instructed L to SE,LL by AUCTION, at the CasUe Tavern, Mark-lane, on Monday, Juno30, at 2 for 3precdsely, inlets, ,6i0barrels AMERICAN FLOuII,sundsynmarks,oex Bouthampton. from New York, ying at Messrs. Alddis and Son's, Freemans-wharf and East-lane. To be viewd i huk til te sle,and samplsenatheutier' offices 13, Bil'dtergstreet, Cataloguaesmamy be ha3dat the harfs;mat the, Castle: and at Merers. Fuller and Homsey's, Billitersatreet, city. Artificia Stone Garden Ornaments R. HENRY FOSTER will include in his Thurs- L ds's Sale, To-morrow, the 26th. at his Rooms, 410. Oxfordstrseet, near Soho-square, the remaining STOCK of FOUTNTAMINS and VASES, for garden decorations French Artistic Pottery, !V N. HENRY FOSTER will include in his Thurs- day's Sale, To-morrow, toe 26th, at his Rooms 410, Oxfordstreet, near Soho-square, the remalnant COLLECTIN of ORNAMNIENTS in French pottery, from the Antique. Collection of Engravings, Paintings, Caes of Stuffed Birds. &a. 'LR- HENRY FOSTER will include in his Theurs- .L r day's Sale, To-morrowv, the 26th, at his Rooms. 410 Oxfordetreet, near Solho-square, about 100 modem n3GRAVTJag framedf and glazed, paintings, and effects, b y order of the Admninisimtrat No. 22, Park-road, Regent's-park--Gennine Fur e, Paintins En gravings, walnut Pianoforte, Wines, &e. W BOOTH will SELL, on the Premises, 22, Park- v Y *road, opplosite Hanover-gate, on Friday. Juno 27, at 2 o'cloclr the nearly new entire FURNITRE71i, rosewood and inshoganysuitoi. Brseels carpets, glasses, beds, bedseads. clean bedding, he. On viewr Tursday and mominmg of sale. Catalogues had at Booth's house ageney and auction offices, 27, Portland-terrace, and 22, Abbey-road, St. John's-wood, The villa to be let at 78 per annum, and the fundlure maJ bie purcaed sivately before the 25th mnt+.. A Fsmall e1Uantity Of Plate. Decorutive Fu,rniture, Bronze-- Clocks, ONd PirTt WIVnoaid Brandy., PlatedIVsre,Jewellery, Indian-Scarf, linen, a sIra'll Phaeton. an1d EffetiCt R. P I LI Pwivll SELL by AUCTION, at his Lom. ew ilond-strett~ To-morrow, 2GLthns at 1 Precisely, sa. all SEirVICE of PL&Th, includiNg eot.Ce an other ' dishes, 53A tas andl forts. ladies, salits, tea eupg,candlestickzs, wies krn ai I askatt aud vatious plated goods; -hlndsome jewellery, consisting Of VtCatS, chaine, diamond and other' rings, bracelets, Indlian o-es- ttai is:- scarfs, t.ble and chamber linen ; a town-bault small Pbaeton fir' ne or twvo homes ; about 10 dozen of very choice old rort, mn 3* se lin bottle, and a ft:w dozens fine old Cognao : costly decorative ceolis its, tables, bronzes, clocks candelabras, and other effects, thegyo per, N of a gentlemnan gonje abroad. Mtay be viewed the day prescuing the sale at Mr. Phillins's, and catalogues then h3Ad The wines to he tasted at the sae.- A ,masll Collection of capital Italian, Spaish, and Dutch. lictures, from Ireland. JThNR PHILLIPS boos to announce that he wfll IISELL. byv AUCTION, at's Gallery, New Dond-treet, on Toesd,,v. Juily 1. at precisely. a COLLECT10ON of valuable ANCIENTP FfCTURFS. formed many years ago, by a geiatlcman. deceased; ineluding wvorks of thei ItAlian, Spanish, aud Dutch Schools, in particular uit, be mentioned St. John ansi the Lamb in the Wiflderness, a fine work by blurillo- a Vision of St. Teresa, by Iiudos-ico Caracci:. the ~,lad:nua and dhid. by Corregglo; a Read of a Jewish Rabbi, by E-emnbr.andt: a Landscane. Cattle. and Figures, by A. Cayp ; a View ul Liflo, on the Schcldit, by A. Yanderneer ; anid examples of equal -trit by- P. Veronese Rubens Wouvermans Sir J. Reyn71olds Pi,,trodaVecebiO D). Teniers Van der Hagen Rt. Wilson Barocpio Backiuhnsen Locatelli Gainshorough Dam'nmchlno Claude Boutt&Bodwyn Poussin. May he viewedI SAturday and Mlonday preceding the sale, and cata"s-ues thea hadl at Mr. Phtillipe's.as above. A Collection of valuable Italian), Spanish, and DutchL Pictures, the pro- p,irty of a Gentleman, formed during a residence abroad. JI.R. PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his LVIGallery, Now Bond-street, on Tuesday, July 1, atll precisely, a COLLECTION of valuable A-NCIES'T PICTURES, formed froma the Italian, Spanish, Dutch, and Flemish schools, by a gentleman, during a residence on the contiient, comprising examples by Domenichino Orrente Wouvermans Waterloo Caravego Subleyras Vani der Neer N. Maca Cesare daSesto Ethera Ruysdael Breughel l'iaturiOcchO VelaqUeZ D. Teniers De Heem. May be viewed on Saturday and Monday preceding the sale, and catalogues then obtained. Victoria-rarkn-Four recently-erected Dwelling-houses, producing 92Z per annumn.a ~p . PAGE wil SELL by AU Tose to the slo WaeVlcoria.-park: allltLt especdEtabetenants.dToheg viewedy.Par- unnum. ~/[RPAC~ wil SEL b3'AUCION, at the Mart, tJnTeuiy,Juy 8 a 12 i oe 1t.aneligible PROPERTY conistng f ivesuhtatia hoesandchos,distinguished as Nos. 17,8,9, 9~ an 2. licmod-trrce.Tht-sret,Walworth; and Sevn Cttaes n Ochad-pace imeditel intherear, numbnered 2,57.8 9- 10 an U;als a iec ofGrond ar heerection of two morecottgel Tub viwed.Partculrs o W.3, Mlt,Esq, solicitr, 3, hatanaplae, lacfrirs;at heMart; n at the auc- The Freehold Manorial Estate of Hordle Cliff, near Lymaingtou, Hamp* 'hre omprsin anexcellent Residence and 500 acres of land. 1U~E~RS. G EEN,28, Old Bond-street, beg to ilL nnouce hat he aovedesirable ESTATE, advertised fo:r sae by auction on Wednesday, the 25th inst., has beenx this day DISPOSED OF. by Plriv-ate Contract.-Auction and estate agency offices, June 23. Caxaden-townt-To Cabinet and Pianoforte Makers, Coachbuilders, Carpenters and others. R.LEE will SELL by AUCTION, on the hA. remises, Stanmore plaoe, Clarendon-street, Gror-e-street near Pr-tetonMonday, June 30, at 12 for 1, 20,050 feet of DRY WIEP E BOAIIID and MAHOGAN-Y, 300 yellow pine and spruce planks, deal, anid battens, 2,000 feet of quartering, 10 squares of uoormg, dry out stuff, workisenches, sun blinds, loose wood, old range, stoves, slate cistern, stone, tubs, &c. To he viewed on Saturday prior to the sale, when catalogues rosy be had on t-he premises; and of the auctioneer, Cardington-street, Hampateadl-soad, 11 Soleyv-terrace, Anawell-street, Fentonville.-Superior Furniture, few lots of Jewellery and Plate. MR. TINDALL will SELL by AUCTION. on the Prmss TI A,Juo2,a 1, FURNITURE, comprisng ron nd apaued edstads bes and bedding, cha3st of Brussveldshcarpoad,andrus,rchinoa,dglass,ganduitcen rtequ1ii-TesdOn excellent Fixtures. Fittings, and Effecteof a Grocer, Chneesemoncr and Oiman.-Albsoluto Sale,.by order of the Proprietor, who is. MeI- 1~rSSR. REE an SN wllSELL by AUC- iLLTIN. otho remies. s abve, o-morow.June 261, at 120 fec 1 peciel, 31 oteofthegenin wel-elete STC,together with theenprio fxtues ndfiting o a rocr,cheesemonger, and oilman,May e viwedthe ay pior nd Omiug of sae, and. catalogusbaossthe remses at he uctonees' ffies,18, Rlattongarde; andat thir Sae Roms, 4, Paringdo-stret, cty. Winding-upSole for the Season.-To Gentlemen. IFlorists,and othtrs. _MuLsSRS. PROTHEROE and MORRIS will SELL ILby AUICTION, at the Mast, on Friday, June 27. at 12. a firstaate COLLECTION of DAHLIAS, including the Axcisbishsop of Can- Oeruri Miwrs. ant'Spot, LHuseorddRagln,ictury, Oimnncbtlng,1ogente, hen, eaiuso ndth othmier pD'lKnt-trae.in To-oro w withua large arscet oF reanentaml plantes fr edding roesding pwats, bes, Onview-the mornitngdfsalie.vaalndogues hadsa tes Mart,andcof he aiuctihes,er,tees ri,canurser, a eytonstuons Essex. cimey1%sM inols On Vligtor-Rgnoul'ca-nleerk,-ousehosd Furnituell s, CotPamentings ints, Premises.ed au ca 0o,e oentteraned Tontep-morrow Thanda at t o puctull all the gucnrooee F urwoITURaE, cSomparksing fo,Urpast a3le-light orfmonn mchnier, OluPaitie,ontes clocs,nedb ramgentalchins leaving England. to the Royal Asylum of the St. Ann's Society, with power to sell in aid-of the funds of the Chatity. IM_R. TOW,VNSEND is iuastmueted -by the Committee bjAUCTON t the Mart o IV,ey Jly 8 at12 the abovo vaiasb OLETO Of PXZ5VURES, incluinitg spoolmess of Guido CorP 'Collier Backhur-evi Paul Veroneso Rubens Molinaer &C. T. BrLghel Beaumont Jurdiv,xs Catalogues of BR F. Leeks, Esq., solicitor. 2, Charlotte-r-ow. Miansionhouse; at the Mast; or of the auctioneer. 9Noloon-street. Greonwisls, Modern Furniture Grand Pianoforte, -a fewv old Paintings, Plated Articles Chins, Table Clock. two0 Gray Parrots and Cages, 14-feet glared Show Cate, and other Effects. 1%R. ROBERT REID will SE'LL, at hie TRooms, ,LM Great Marlborough-street, on Monday. June 10, alt-U for 12, FUIINITITrRE; comprising walnult, rasewood, and mnaheogany lee, card, centre, occasional, fancy, -and other tables, sideboerds, seats Of chairs-anddining tables oak winged bookcase,large chimney and pier glasses, Brussels and other carpets, -hear-thrugs, fenders and fire-irons, Teigamouth, South Devon.-Deslsablediesidence for Saie.--By Mr. W._ COTTON1\, at Veale's Royal 'Hotel, on T-liusuday, the EStha dayofJoty next, at2-for3 o'clockinthe atternoon, A LL -hit deirableand 'dU~htfoly sitate 'Rest- *C3,ence -knwn s No1. Dn-trras, frntig the Dn promensilo e vls o a lT he a ib e a h d e a e t ' n tere a r o fl f the r ep rn ec edte r ogf o m , 3d January, 10I determinable on the-desth of the sviooftroee fr male lives aorletively.38,.37, and 12, at a rudetfil, whereof 1TAlOs willbechna'rgc~d-on-the-sesidence, adS.o-h ee ment. Apply-to Messrs.ToarrandCo.,seolcitors egmuh LAttleboumne, Eent. -Valuable Fr.eebdildVillaResidence, with ofc-es, pleasure groundls, garden, ead ochrlid, withi immaedlaeo possession. MESSRS. CO OPER, have received insteructions to offer for SALE, at the Auction HSar-b Freemasons' -Tavern, Canterbury,-on Thursday, July 5, at2-fsr 3 in the aftemnoon. in one lot, .all that -substanti1al and newly ere-ted FAMILYd RESMDENCE, detaahed,.plessanfly situate inits owii,crounds, in the-village,of Littleboumie, on tho Canterbury and -Deal -turnpiko road, within as distance of the-city of Canterbuiry.anduthe principal 'towns in Kent It containsnumerous bed chambers,- dresssing room, breakfast, dining, anddrain roms f oodproerian, etrncehsil,kitchen, ni necssry omsti-ofics,andcaita cllas,she ft -orstable and chaie-huse flwerandkitheugarens auvery proeuctive orchard andpeser lad.Thewhle onlinng pwrdsoffour acres, and now n te ocuptio ofMr, ansy, artculrsmasy be bad-off Mesrs.Mout ad Feldng,eaifltor,-o ofsilser. Cooper, estate Attracttve Leasehold Investments% Greet Dover-street. Southwvark, and Smith-street, St. Panemrs. MiESSRS. PUDGHE and Co..aze instructedl to SELL by-public AUCTION, at the Mart-4n Tuesday, July7-U, at12, in late, THtRa'EENT PRITVATE HOUSE, Nos. 50 to 62, D6-ereell-street; a corner.-Chop andtone, other, Nos. 88 ard 409, Dererell-atleect; and a small Hence, No. 23, lawson-street- -the-whole situate contiguous to that leadlEZgthorouglhfexe Great Dos-er-cizeet, and let toe,establishol tenants, atreents amountling to 38 par anmnu, and held for an unexpire.dterm nt38,years, ala lowground rent'. Alsoa Leasehed Ground Retand House, Noc. t5 and 28, Smith.Gc~eet, near the tarminus of the Great Nerthemn Railway, a locality rapidly improving in. value,. Thee por-stis ae o -ebetntll eecton,in excellent repair, well occpid,an peset tath sallceslolstgrat-atatons for .35,ld BoadnIcet.: t te Mat; ad o -thoautioees ilesers, -No. 32, Kildare-terrace, Weetbourne-park. EsaWwater. near thoe oyal -Cak.--Genuine Rurniture, Paianoforte, Enigravings. Plate and E-lated Astieles, China and Glass. ~IESSRS.WELSEORD and Co. have been favottved IJwith instructi1ons to arange for SALE -he' AUCTION, on Enlday,.Xurne 27, at 12 foci, the acapital FtfRNlTliftE of the above reel-deucae; comprising tbe clean, secondary furniture ifec the upperroonee lacludeig iron bedsteads, two Arabian bedateadeznod heddin,.w~,T r.be, eheval, toilet, and dreseing;lasses, drawers, &r. : for the llraw= rooni, -22 sa!perior roazw-ed. chairs covered in rich crimson -Uteh velvet, itwo couches, easy chiair, ,bc., cheffonier, custains and carpiets, -chandLelier, two noble and brillant plate chimney glasses iSby 40,- to .cabinets, birenzes, and ornazenen'a" items ; the dining soom comprusez schairs, coeches, tables sideboard, two chimney-glasces 50by 40;, the owe sitingroomwit appoprite urniure stew engravings, a capi-teleletro-saed at o for dshesforingeigt hs-ihadcover, flover.-For thec Benefit of Underwcitcee-To Linendrapeirr, Masters, .Haberdashers, Clothiers. and othema-Itrportaut and extearive Sale of valuatble Linensg, Woollens, Draptcg'_ Hosiery, Haberdashery, Wearing Apparel, Atc. MR. THOMAS ROBINSON rnespectfullyannouztces ivlthat he has receired instructions from Capt. Nott. RNW.. esetald agent to Lloyd's, to SELL by-XAUCT IO _XT_HISDA anT-rrew June 25 and 26, at the United Club Blouse Hotel, Deover, at 12 yr cisely, avecyIarge quantity of DRAPERY, boelery, haberdashery,. linens, woollens, and gentleeaen?a wearing apparel, and other articles: part of the cargo recovered from t-he wreck of tMe Josephine WMiis. consristing of blankets, sheets, 70 monkey jackets, 19 new frock-, coats, -il pairs cloth trouser. 70pairs cord and tweed ditto, large ouantitty of cotton stockings, and 15 doz. pairs of socks, five dor. of ladies' under garments, night gowns, a quantiy of superior baby linen, children's peliseg. several gross of silis. threesf and Berlin gloves. ui-'ht eara, 2' doz. black lace, 180 dee, silk braid, 40 doz, silk fringe, 20 soz. ribbon 1and situtaeternea travkellinucap, pIllcasesa, pocke Hareuedh nArhief numeroabustiselan metada varietyrof thef d valuabet atocns. Goobrdse onviwthedayn precein the sale, fnrom 10fi theE o mLorningh untlf o'clocke inin the aTernoon.eCaalpogutes maybehdo the aucAt)tionBEer,b at u Is ech ArUtTI-N,abeM to prch-asers ate r 1 r. dgen-s0aTreet, y ul Uxha2.idgonelt sugaeveLandSSAct,er 185-auabeForMeehOld Meado calldCnd,uitut near, Varlceybs, Ickenhamn heando IMenameieddingMid beinginex,about aomileiand anhalf fromt thesimarket Btowne otf Udge bideand 16amiesfromd iondon,rseso aeiedadYkma e ofwbci otreas MbROunexie has behen favouredt withe lnth , ra,forngrom taHtheLrsinerutfofrbheManor aThepoprtyghlof poxebridtu eiang the Treste mbappintoedythkesaidtepAct)at SELtb caluedCondutbmead i tareysua ic-nhamer Meado,bkenhaewedddypiors atdthe All(tmnt&s,econPtai)nigapltoeathernta,r.Woodp.orthereabots, being inhexcellenticond.ition,an andemeatde,may siuae betweeno a the boridg and Horsfeld h.ink k the paris es oH Are sIn,Hlfeld ad:kna e Cainberell roail. Rnrrc-y. XESSRS. DAVIS and VIGE RS will SELL by Mt AUCTION, at the Nfr oni We nesday, July 2, at 12 for I. in twolosSRTWO COTAGEV I)NC '.IS and 17,Mar Bnsrunwck-d to Ito 5riawe rvnotr.prkc, nea tCrnbamgenronte h-ght woalibrini andoln to resptaorle tenantsg atrnt aggeouerntang tof 09 per annum. eanda siulmer ranted diet f romn th reeh older7 fopr annunepired permoferty Wybeasfo Chiswdty emis,s1o5n moderategrund. I'rteuil.arsaiculars an oditions of sae tow be bad of Mesrs. T. Dake,C sogect' soic.torsbh'Wrook atn the Mr;ad uc ctiouaeecs offices, 3 Frederik&e-place, Old ewy TnrLeaseeh.-Laleosd for ItvenmvtTot b m14dleext. AFSS DAVIS and VIGERS are dinsructed to Motae oSL y AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednsa.Jl2.t Juy2 farl 12 fore lo, iVE forEos. UAGE senidetShOdPS,eIngNs bIu to 5,Lantero , incluri,nhilmogrheb o therrhigorhumoaderomlon Ttotenthord, clodseing ane PagregSateoo rhenl Nofrt7ern annm,an Rammrlway, at aUe frou ndon rednteoar ts. phe annum. Thteprnerty hayin beviewed bypermsst h ion b ofmntbeuteants Pariulwars anld fon.a dtermo of sTeae maym bhe 2ad ofMers Juneand C. otersg solicit ors Xanc6st 4 er.abumldiage,-each.~ aot th e undcrhorsepaTrmat-erlen;, aWbro atthe Mart; and a the auctioneerss offices, 3. Frederc'-pae ldJwy Leasehodi. for orInteztmenottornh Occdpltien. 11 i ESSS. DVISand VIGERS are dinsrectedcb the LM orggetSELyACIO,a h Mart, oni ly WFedesODay Jule2.atbe 12fr1,ioou.os EI3HT aeudplaeee RE apIDEnCE, bomriing Bs Eee -o1 nlv,Wlogb Teromc,N2rthumbye6t rlawingrk railway, imi by frm t. ndon andasartohe rillmeso Totdbenl,and having constantcaccess appoathedt by aomnibus and railway;f hWed fter a termof chns yutear'sfo pTthy capthao June, 1151,. atde,&r a grondrento cor5 eIC.Id.e ncr anu each,omea lrot toene unde a weaned l-easbe,hand, each-stall liable anrit oownh-houennnithof,oe,i onlyeTeroertyacbed viewed, and particulars and conditions of sale had of P. Drase, Fsq., 38, W harlokasthe-Mrtw; anat theMat audtactioneer'sofcs' o,friesderics'uplace. Old Jewry. Treold.Contactors, ore Inv uesmeant ortOccuatn. TYESSRS. DAVIS and VIGERS are instructedI to itSELL by AUCTION,oattheFMrtmse, in Euly. atreeHard.Bw detacred-lAneI.y CrkeSIDelonE Th o.da Juy3, uandpflaowengclapyo, comRisn evenR bedproosin ,0 diningploom, aud b If. d rasingeEo rloomin andt bylatc; boreakna, room andt tofrepae rooms,godinhall, an0-df handsome Staircase, appoachdu mbyaporcticroman ighsoftlstzon sthees t,ws;oaktchEnavs, buter'scant, capta winob ella, lardoter,plauks sanftrciourt,anclosedbyagohandoe ircaaongfesh,aondthwled gades;nbehind, the-sauliosapeeand oo-offcsa3 ~ ederiths-lae lof ovewr, non etce Te-ry whole-2in Chnerfe ustnlaanenHueodFornametalrep ~arir.Ma be~ iewedand prticuars l andcnditironsl offecsa. a fF ete. soictoer,o,Chrotterow hatnthe olfn c o of thyex Juen,t 1Guarane Socet, 3.e ChaRloTtRErowf at- theouart and alothe utineews ofatices, 3, ge toea' contactors, uinluderBssapners, and other cres.seso maboSgany d AVIS l anad othr abeR s taire inkcstructimedyt =tL Eap byl UCTION,r onqistheFees, Ch uerry-tree-yard, May w- hggenln,g prioenwemomin onfhusday.Jlye , and faaollowin h day.th saufctionros eachday, the weulseaonedSOI offi Wawik-our,GraNYsodn FIR TIMeRnlae Stamprisingt2o0 pn.Te Ideawsoand deas,ir0lbloe Vla,d whi linoote das ,29ylo and whilen btest10surs of proparednce MoRin Cnd matchBoardig 5h00 beetno pnsreparedl mouig SE LLb feofSAnishON anondue raniscmahobany coutrom IS moinths thre e Wrg. pantihe laths, land sundr usdful nextu, Malylbe viwdth day porteviouses andmoringdof curaleind, caalges hatdsonte prnselsaapet and a theautioneerbls' books,cenrvngs , ~cdreksplae, Olatd aJiewryh. aldlas Earlysome.S chambery-appndg ofSpansehu Furognytr, WexaringeApwardroe, capta parel, o dawders,oneal Eanects.teglsMmae ste EL yadsCTIuN,o fathe It,theFUNITREof eoal hurs ad asathe sentew fiting rofam glases,capial amer rquiites an iueros. eThes Mayremie aucton oom; ad a th autio ofice, Wrwik-curnt,uray's-inn. The reunlane Stoe Nwingon.-he Laseofnadetosfsiable, ilan ture.miantoforte,andconents oeth Residenceih tbUg MJR. C. FURBER his benstructred to SELL by A C Works nthe Green-anes, on Thuesdaynx. July 1, at 12 for 1 (the po FURNi, REI, compristaeRdbin g rosew3oddrW I-ingsuto. ua e, ilneplae himneyvru gs,d accomaismoatiog fod a genteeltfangso an heto fr telerscp ofr0amesinngtables, pdrestTetalsdboard, theeariphaosstsrofhared, woild letbfer, books,a tengronretlavingsplt,lae aticeschinaudglare.Th handsoe m hambervewd appndpagesof- Spaith mahltoany, se mi-wbtinged wardroe, cmssapto~l cet fdawrs,c; vland heutoiletf lasses, marbilecut,p wihstns Aaia n fu-os edtas,speirfet baedstadedding,o thu nasalresuisiteestofxtelservants bnedtan rofa ciluveniuensis outl-dooreffet, ndgnumeousiemhOs.thupepreorn.e ma TbIewedatan time parior ton Thursdale. Thul17at2 furitre the a priranmonnofsl.Prticulars, with conditions of salba f esmMle, aondo andterste0,Xi3ogi'trs,a22,Bedford-row; s rasdateutonor-s es,Inuareatt L-ut wn tteato ofcs nWnick-court, Gray's-inn. Brnwll-qareto-Excaell-entec Residnce,ou withelo Sablnguepie j34Th C. FURBERwi s nbstrce to SECTIOby atUt- atteMart, on Thursday, J uly17, e at3l2for (thuver pofro-bl FAIG-LYOUSE DY, situate and being No. 37.WimiGtnsure,t onostraeetg vea odaccommodation,n ofor a genteelpofanlly. andtherd for ooupward hinousnestamt ay be newel- anRd particulars, with conditionsofse,btuo oni thepreses;3 rat'- the M ; .t-ieNart; andI at the auction offices nWwc-, cort (Iray'sk-cirt Gay&n m MTainconhetrsu. Nout I Chn-Aarles- Vieee forScle.-Bnvsten of a. TIROTEOY,ant teMalesrt,Hoe, on Thursday. ul17yaJ1 fr ,athe sfound and whell-uite DELmGHUS,itooghsbtata anHEcortie rempailel forand unheriranede of an1i yars, tata pBY epplewor and; =wA havuing reety Catindagnerathoroughe rouepar cmay beestimatd anprduc 70 prooannua, liay bedros viwed; and particulars,ibl qcbhu with cniosofale,hdoft ovesrs. Feldo esr.Johnso, and Masers solicitors, 22Dumukstret rsvarsoae tth at andouthDevrton- don.-esAi Wearwck-court,f (heysd-innc.wthGre adLw,toglerm aofut yeaes at-n6po Laond,rent. as-aPsm Fled cedFicet:11will~ nebai hlonACTO, a tdwthnm thUeo Royal Hot.ninTehunorh,onThrsay, July 17,si,1 fra,t vrycofortal 3 7in th RfESioDpENCEl, stct n en o2,GetCm-tet accmmdaion andoffler an Inesiranleoportnt either for thefpa- tio or-ingvestment.raybe viewed;-an particuAllars,withlconitaions VilsalRe, stiened oxathedpretmises of thesss occupatb. earg, aendnetb Etolil.s , delghtuly s-itnuate 1- lawn,suroulr nde at the aucsornbbeics;an inowegardick-court Grmay'sinn. xesv iw ofIl a h ia THegn a end s~ ad heit eo and s16 alol that L out2 Althes god inngan u Pnicgrooms, ive bedrLooms sendcoin- 'roo anddoube cuch-ouse it lof ovr.appl qtPor uitya toruny 'and 4~~~o, solicitors.TzerTaignaanoolthi SoThe raevond-gerdnuin A deace Vilola Rsiene withard Garden andatwn,.togepuertabout dsin,.a fir.lyp be Lad, aned allaso-ria Patue Fiel cualled thret,pdil,-rty fthate nerJaldon,Carndwltb-one,l of er Roa Hotel,in T hOgm ash,bonThursay, ouly l wath2fo 3m stheuatieaons promteeeutr s heltgeslCyi,Z . ofH Bemfsee.t -SJmpl and ACIOheritance Rof d1 Old th fo- strelowng. rsryJulysmratle.Poetyhis l ta well-bnu ndeceiglt MIarine ViLLa ECTIdeON oPCnleioTUhiES, in thet ocupratio nd'O GergleHengt, ardot, delightfullystatd,exeinedn law,psrroudedwihe -ishrubeteffrisand floweu ad-nd commryandingextenofsivjecview -treatedinsa the rOwn Teuigo anwamcen-o= t and cmpstriy sum%icuing theila In.lp fland talnirgaboth. onh-acread af bspteo'niocuain ol GeorgeHeae t'~t,s .ads Hardmial Badgai todfore buplds,Ing slie plae f eiumthsvn miescrmTre e.-n i fromth tepatiecular myto iLbie fro Mesbrs. AUTIor andth Coar,soici the rarnondho -genunex'oletio f"oluii-pad 10i nuOERmbr. s-which,ifrom theibr exelhlent preervatin,trutaund atiEbe jjinrtusoftihon , fremothedeectrsof ates~terz ,.forsale Curlingout of Bemoade t Si, Aby AUCTION, atRoo Roms, ad121, OldesteotxetEVEt,n RINsGJoy1. at l,urtabi wel-monande quceeingly ofaHUabECOLLECTIONo ICTURE , byn EFEThatvir-brariedand torulyRglt, arnist, eog P oland, execufoted. at afpetseof-ahenthslestn deffortss justlyobvied fror-him a world-wtidamerfame;aont hihwilb fondS~SRiSe of ever ariet Bof sbjIt-rete win-SLiLaow AscliArC-Iharacterisirgetc om,1 and matrl 2as,icldn Lfather'Htreet Toaorr, thenintger, O'th Har BxeWat drgan,HO'UhsiSierO, Unnocnc Ala6 rmedc, tPeant, ish,iontn, thenMsledGatherads, ithe LrandSorm ,anrd gothes-eaually b?erdoos,bar an olreadyl.ttrweo-es publi-fro thoes,ppua c agravof inawes, Ma evimdomldesa,t esb, b tickts oig, nd pblcysonthe to folowng dayss,ind catalwogeoh hirlu2ed hlotrewood,msahogantyth offce of cazat cailrta,soauctioeaher,1, andeaw Bond-stree, phomse3the Clearendodrs,,iggaw~sd'or- -cefiirs,igokages t SEL byn o pulaicrUTon, athheMat, otaeiano fothemnt of July and xi other .brveta hutighcolectipnofrnt e and vlo PROPERY, sitate ismne Lnsdownroacoic;atnerh.rodethran thuBinsIdrod, tocwel; onsstig of n -xtnsivewnnred groud, adotor rues oisig frm 2laudofmeTrest desritiall 'dnay evenzngs thIronhu th ea.a 6 to tb Vzinute. _ESSERS. JONES and 09IA31I beg to asoqnaMt _VJ tsso oSisty, gentrY. executors, tra and public in general, Sheir Auctiun Rooms, D. 12 and 13. Lelcester-streitvsalcester-sq3are. are the most elgble in london for the SAE of all isinds of HOUISE. HOlD)EFFECtLS, stockainfrade, audarticlesofvertu. Coshadvanced to any amount noon every classof property previous to tale, and all balances pati the foIowng morniog. n.B.I nxntoriesandvaiuationz masde for executors and others, and sales effected at private residences. JR. EDWINMfrF 13 eremptorily SELL by AUCTION, without reserve. at Ms Rooms ,170, BishopsgateAtrMAtwithout, To-morrow. June26, atlfor2punctually, tcoversan advance, fashionable HOUSEHOLDI) FURNITURE, including 3 very elesarosewrood andwan- drawingroomsutate,tastefslly phelsterd in richco-mson3 andczeen relsetand Frecch challis a due-tone li-octave cottagpanorel, t3n walnutaby Allion alnd aAllson, bnoble chins and dining room appointments, mahogany wing and other Uardrobes,, an iron booL-case,usaln chamber fems, and effects, Viewr day prior,I and mOorning of sale, wfhen catalogues may be had.j Hent.-Wilrslugtou-Hal,lwith its far famned hepgardena late the pro- perly, and for many years the resid3ence of George Russell, Rsq, deceased. Also a small Farm, Cottages, and sundr icso adI I the village of Vimngtou r iee f adi flJESSRS. H. BROWN and T. A.L ROBERTS, have I Ll, received instructions toSEhlL by AUCTION, at the Mat inI *JuI, inlets, vmlessanaoaceptable offer shill be previously made, the I -valuable estate of Wslmington Hall, wFhich is pleasantly sits-te on the - borders ofDautford Heath, about twomiles from the Dartford altalI way Station, and cempitau a most cemfortablemaasonof a moite- sate Sire, and inexpensive sae, lying secludedt in a rich Sark-lik;e paddock, ornameslally timbered, and contains eight bed chamabers, dressing rooms, servants rooms, four reception rooms of good proportions, connservatory. biLliard roomn or nurs7ery, excellent domestic offlices, Capital pleasuresand walled gardens, banging wood, wi.th tesraceuwalksl, atabling, loose boxes, ice house, entrance lodge, and all nees sary appurtenances for a gentleman's es7tablishment; also0 a valuable farm, writh- osat-bouses, fitted with patent kilos, an7d all requiste buildings. 1billiff' house. labourr cottages, sand in all about 70 acres of land in high cultivation;* abou3t 3 acres are7 planted wvith goldln hops, of well-knowfn excellence, and which have alwys commanded the highest p rice in the markret, pouesslon wvill be given: likewses a small Farm and fruit plantatlen, situate in ths village of Wilmington, containing about lOacres7; alo five brick-bu7tt Cottages, este'sWshsop and cottage, and four analt pieces of l3ad-the whSole Is freehold and laud-tax redeemed. To bee viewved by cards only, which with printed Patcr oyb brb a t!e6blBoa soil T, A4, Roberts, Z27, Tbn-gmDoston-street, city, Westwood, mem Colchester, Essex.-Desirable Frechold Estate, wit% I'%iansi(,n. MR. W. IL GLASrER hogs respectflu.y to announce A that the above ESTATE 'was NOT SOILD a' thze late auction, andI that he is tberefore openu to TREAT for the SAL'Z by Pxivate Cont-act. Particularnsamy beobtadned of Messrs. Harrison and Finch, solicitors, 2, Gray's-inni-square;and of the auctinneer, 411, Charing-cross. 1'cmlicD linprox ement,-Building Materials.-King's row, Pi1mli c%. WLR.~. R. (GI~ASIIiR is instructed by the Coin- Ls.L issioners of Her Majesty's Works and rublic Buildings to SELL byAUCTIO;NT,on tbePremise, on Mfonday. July 7. atl2 oel the BUILDING MATERIALS of FIVE large HOUsiES. being the Yremises formerly kunown as theGnat Public-house, Arabella-rew, aind Nos. 3,2, 3. and 4, Kjog's-row :three manli houses intAxabsLla-row. and seven small hoisets izn Queeni's-court, at the rear, comprising obouD 500000captalstok bick, sverl tns f lad, in gutters, pipes fi%ts Fananupai tiehldotaes, stoehcpin, SorkireyVo nd other pavin, a. theR uulfRxtuOLes an OTTinGES,a bleasiewed thetSaterdatyClrioraand Moyrneieg ofsale,ermdsstonloaudeatuas hadatheOle of F.Titetork, 12q. sGarrtwry's, CThargeCrw-ley,uaonoilughe ath Garemiayes; and of theac autioneer, 41. Charnug-croas, Fe-our areehOld Conttae,Ehr, d-rreyholdaneaseford tHeounty. 3 R. W. R. GLASIER will Seeiel bystructions,t BLbyACI I,at Garmawaa's. on Thursday, July 10, at 1 o ,i w os 12forl uR 1 o h oloigeiil FREEHOLD COTG laatystate d aCLEAy-aE, MayD bVie PEk y: permiss sion,gn paticularydshadbof F. idtenc, 7eq, soliciaxter,r1c,Thre -Crownsqure vt Bor- oughsterrwys and ofClei the e twNewl-curtosse,NsI and 2 Hnr-od Old Kent-road.rehdanLasol Houses 1O1/I R.W L S,E m ast recesaivlyedrenstruions toean SleL, byACTO,ats Gasrawiha'sgh on Thoursay Jhuly in a thOLu RPsthe comprisin the vedfry wihnhesabe riesidence,i ce sevenhue, of. ftoo,mElzabeh-terac , Aslumroad, twohaichgw lhop,erodcn a renailw of 26 peronnurat, and 2el y leaes ofo hod ouES,R BoEt,CArELe-te, and SNoS 6toe 10.cBurt-lace, Crlsstraeest, ASyLumrod Old Kent-road. ay bhe viewo Tesdaby.r mission t Non7 Hartchar-terraes i. by e cards ony) a ydfartiuls-sDeonf EMMesss lal anatd Snow,a stoictocs, 22, Coledige-hill, Cannoemn-sret ansdeofcth auct insoneer a1, laring-coos.nn vr eqiieone Dlmevonithir Onef Darid-our Plasrest rounds axelnt Rles-idece witche codn,aMospcmlete Fam uidigs hmostsuetadta erected inth prstent piand lielatouerectae, and u13wacrs of GrssLnd3wt acregh of Truturehn land slpn othe river Dart, inbcirm theraihfLdord,wihi thre miestae ofd Panwhch toen, ninexofUn Taitroutcn. 1 from Plyoueth,i (Etutwee wicha twoo sporterngadestrict.witiasy distnre of coenstructon, andx2homils ofd bates ESSrSicuEaDr L and codtosofsl.NSithav receivedi i- structioatprioLr UtIoN,h rateo thes Mart,l ond Tuesda, July2. at12, n on lth er Aco!1Mpact;adO S ATe,sknow Base Prnce Eshire,wlbladped forvastmetom-frm,adincuing a vemFry o gentlemaly reiece ful inrstoe andL sate cobnn cvr rqiiecne niece,wit tatefllylai-otplaure gronds and wahled-i. ice [aile,mStR.BAE copeafnmdesc erecte byate preseentlpro-. setr egarlesofrost,handof approvede pricipes,otailiets cottage, av laeurca'cotage, ad uwars o t11 dacre of pasure. land1 thee i exellnt rou fihin. Tis roprtyissituate inmagoo spotin ditrit, ithn esy istnceofthemet ofu fox-hounds and hurers Patiulr andcodtions of sale, ihltorahcpas ma eotainedof 14am ayportthsaeoMessFrelanSn, ratnDeosreatteAcinMr;and of Messrsmede n UneservedgSale.InVestmbenEtatcomprsinguat compath Farm,l of 120uacre ofuo th raLigh and Pasturemland, Sallon Fre tehoLd. onTl ~IP S'SRS. BEADEL ana SOiNS 'have receivediACiON,tratctheoMat,on TuesdyA theatheday ,ofnJuly,aty, 'clock, atn2oneloneavlotadeiableREfkD POESTAT, situnate immedaistelyadjnin theeod vitage ofeadroh mawthea countyoferssex, andex wihnotws asSaers ofarm, compisn o Rayesidenc,lutbidingfr-ose,an lIds, Ic ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~58,O. 9. of amablnepsue,adi heorptino is odr milesl th tow andportof Ligh,w mles orom nitheiSothBerforeet, and uthndlailwy. artiulae an cediatoe pofsslesso may beotaindofJamsFaten,Ecu, slictor,41,Elyplae; batue thie Mart, andof esss.Beael nd on, 2, Geshm-ires, onon. on daerley, in the cutyo Ex within six milees of theBso Storthend, andfox foure of the EleighandSuhBmme Stations on the Lotm ondon, Raiw1- WESRSH BEFADEL and SONS have received Iiinstractaors to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, oni Tuesday, Jul 8,at 2 i on lo, adesrabe POPETY,known as Hotiares Land, patlyheehld itute aar Dws-eath Thwerlladpeyd fosea bailffs ottae, nd sitabe otbuiding, w th a.lOl,p cofntabinigw pastre,andwoo lad, fferng neigileGppotuity , etherforti- mlwes.n or ocuptin andes of whic immedi ate o possessindmasb had,Partculrs, ithPondtionsoflale, mayibe it obthi.ainead of Mesi Compot an Greamn, doflicitors,.RCbftordns;atd theAuctionh ~~~~~~~Mart; and of Messrs. Beadel and Sons.25Grha-te,Lodn BoxraResience, withpCottaesad 170un aRest of Arabper and asure MES SS. BEDEOHNdSONS ha aeved received isrciNset SELL byraUCTIOn,dtteMr, on Tudesday, Jl ,a prodctie ktchn grden ah captol covee Mhmet, c0ontanin two dy) barn, anthenecesar stable mand cate occommodatofKng to ot tgsofiveor teeet, Lawrndce-lane. 2heap of ecellen atrhepabeandfpastue 450of the. puchaese omsoney caeain tloneraerau mortgagefo ageter at H5 rmecha-street, Gaeed Grae avdesend-,s improved Grounieasd ReTaov0erannum MR. CHARLES JOHNSON has received instrucY.tions from, the Executors of MrsB. Jones deceased, to SELL by AUCTION, at the New Inn, Gravesend onWednesday, July -2, at 3 exact tme, an iproved GRUNDRENTofn as0 pher annu,pfrilt the ter of 96 years rom th 25th o MarchrlSaltermwof das) Partiularsand cnditen o salemay renotaie of -45Ki ngdn,Esa -,~~~~~~~~~~~Fs. solicitor. 3, Lawrec-ae hasd,cty ttepaeo ae Harmer-street, Graves9eHaadr.Eteet Graveseud, Kent.-To BFdree Caiaicesed Taven.tes %1r. CHARLES JOHINSON bhts received instruc. flon'rees thle Executors Of Mrs. F. Jones, deceased, to SELL byAUCTION, at the New fuss 'Gravesend, on Wednesday, July 2, at3 exactW timtim,aRe, LHREENSI HOUSE kown asTOL thUSILDrNGh Zaluable1 bar fittns wilbeicldd inec othges sale tHel foraxteyrmofd nd 1,eaxs,frorn'the2ith a green sfo 3 fe o22 fi-ondtios o sae o- ssngon, Esq.. solctr3.Lw renr-las.-Ceapide Lonon;at te paceof sale;ndfChre Johnso, ansonear,value, and estate agen,3,Hre-tet Graesebd. K rent,-T Bulean aiaiss n tes ESS-SCH A GLE JONSO a eevdisr Mby AUCTION at the Ne oTn,Gra-eday uy, onWdnsay.Jlt .a WE'Locl -xaTN tUime, THREE andOT e ofCREOLTTAGE IN Agree,"-wo 40cosfeet anMedow Cc frontagelesantoy stheD yra n Iramniaeto te ion the rearL, frnd vsrying in eertifomp13 feettoai eald thiest Prmsituatio ihenstgbonehod and wilTs i andc ea f ditnc 'o he crt Ken RaysPiway Slxetsnaledthupers Parti cular anJonuditatondof salecimay s beobtanoosby-squagd onf Msq. Foictr,a 3,liLaw-r 2.Charies Johnson,uaretonend,o 'Miesr, . and Crn a ent,oI, larmer sznt adesiroyrab6t-le PreoI andbCopyhadnProperty UJU1ESSRS. PAE annd CAAlBROIN hil eL bye .DnLVIY AUCIONU, at th, unes Part,ionsl Friday,Juled5 tf ypinat lotsb -tdrect,ot ofic the nectors wlth lae illiam Poolea PAtRTl. FR1q, h WEOLL - NGTO OUOICHOLDE andTie CnoTTAG adjoining, inut -tahealteyreof lbareouh rlehold neaside lage and Psremi onHdley-in fineen,ctsof Enloues of uteadowsLand,n plousntly, sIta at mesheenandoter parkonses. andwittinean Part icuastandceeofSttions of sail anrd-Blarand, solicito,rn,al d Greaby- Northe;oMr. Raciariys. It ollcioi p50,- dhresrhobse-square; -tandiofi iess. Page arndamern,a launda ageth andth surey.ors, ar.OdedBroed strt,ablnd St.Allhnuse and Batnet out-bildlgs~ ad abert5 s and Mdlsaerx.prmZik edwad ondn-veeriged ewith intheucetions aof S aLby AUTINatom Ma r U, at12, (nlessprevousytisosed ~of bprvtcon- in aheathy eiSboerseo, ner -he vllae of ageofElstree,adh0 dae isas ofthebeauifu-surouning counry only Ui F smllesfcied Hy e-parkcner. an -wthin ranuteasy disance, oftb Stations.n h T_dn n Dorth-Wester en an ratvourtern'it Riwas.tractonwiNthkichEnLb gArdn riladetached Crabwngoel,oci-hous aTdo-heo .ou,-buldngs2, andaot 30 Ul - acrest eoffsuerior piarkie meadowat can. tacnd)inrigfne Otoh exceptioy-gbl ne ofb abotial-bfour LcEASorehold anSDttE-frEei mheadowclund,tion-tfhegcentresofecthebvllae ofelantspree. duhichareatl partiuutleiilefrb~ing to_1:~rpurposes,t and-wll beom.d in alo sfport moerti.Tu-seidence-cey fbevieed by -cgrdls obo ebtainse, ir of- anPermanct ionksnnd parieticular andrt cinditiins loc ale,y bith plans sonxredes, -th adt1 dasys-priorto -the smetf Mecars , Merted uith,ery andux Cor9,ysliitrs, ujc SoWsure, grincoln's-inn ; atbunedart:y andied Me1r.rl2g nd Catmtero. ladagbents anwdbysurvyors,t6 Ol iread dastreet an Sto.h ae re PUbn'.odFastsyrts mYb a fW..- Erith, 14 in tocoutreef Finsbr. -onPair of r wel.ul sem-aleacheuse L s-4 ithsidncesa witingfnte rin. 'wlko-hSain TJ1HLL.andSN hase beenaoured withlinstructions t by Eto-LELLCbyPAUITION, at the Crw roel,nih.n To-meg -rowe, Junegor, anth counles an accepable offersbe dadby rvthe c-on-dB of Jly,DtBIOEcloc in the occupaton, ofigl repecAble~ ETeAnTs,po whucig-cirenisl mutn to be.e f te rs fannum,d inthe ampley aofAogese-tand foargmertorsimn of anlios, esteediup regatrdess of expensae,ofr wingha permaeqent and safe inestmtent,a pros aoperty inti o alitybing Jr ach in-rheqet wrinmthaesy. acesThe maninis of,somes ftxted up with copentrly ,stve, lsus,blls,. and heldfo h aomodto for an unexpiofredt Ie-Pncus of 4 y heas subjet ors groaundarnt omfor , abndantly pnriud c.Pa "`t m sinen sOft wtherMa bes vrPriewed blevofthe t-cenat gavde d dsro -toilh sale,A w nhe pas-iccfuit treaybohsdofe WiarE--en ffq 4 Kigstreet, Fiwn of y.eLoudaautof EdMed.'WitBeadle,ly thSacioeR"aadndstat agndthrb, Bornger, wh Kenig,fct ngeo sey.tohcin iewasgOwy uMansmion, inpaeTu raolled rEnglish style nete 'ithae esaidefne arly ofSacres of evceryesctipatureond wrah , Lendt withinling fenCochowe. e n efcl elddi or yro-Thel, anger,ynstatheouteydof C ernearve7,0n3acrsa.te 10tihlaidy cenil buil, an suied for the acommoation hoftad failyofe cres moarie, 1ivemiles fromdarnarvon, acid2It miles from HelYhead. Hosoaudi hunttheneigbouhoo, Th uanery has capit al preserres, antl is weu1I stocked with game. Also th zhubor 1'wr property,eesi5trz,, of 73 acrs of capital land, situate one mifle from Pliasgw7n, -which cciii be dcf-'ed in two lets. having the ad-untsgeO of eligible buildingasites forynilaresidences Adrawingoftbe mansion, withblithogr.pbic niash) and particulars, maay behad attherPenshyTn AIrmiasotel, Bangor th,e Royal Hotel, Holyhead: Reyal Hotel. ChIester ; MerCUry OdIco Liver- paCiy-undrdau offecetManfo hestr Sheraliff.-ice, Hrmouses~ ofromgab 2ne well Benneztt Fel,ad Hauseond solicitore, Lincoln'sinn, Twaors;L1 Mr. octam, esttate Pagnort,i CzeveBran,ic vnglretiey an MEsrasPoe, Caowell, andai Pees solgcitors, n Cabnavon etan Trom hl nd sonesCarved wagenutts,eantidonoee,lnod andtimeslrg va.luers biswSetrvicels, Irn Manio unshcla-d cetoandy tornaenbtalne Ffrom Mr.Haim Carreg Bran, Anglesey. -Qnenstaet.(t -w ~~~~~~ro We nwalnut-free and reswo uts lreGsseClsSrie, Iron , Repositor, and num rous o useful and ornaerntal Efetab s. -a 11i1Th LEWIS carets t annorunce heo bisdirec-ted cto-s SELL by UCT roN,fa pithWaeois, el5an chimeen-sret (tonzl sam-ed, To-morwinow an da,u oreandb,atl.Ini each ada conuprsnw ostydaigro suitesing roomlant-tireeand rfueniture 'ascredinvle ndatn ith chffing ervfted with plae-glass e lonile,hnsom a-doln moro.cco. ands otfietuffyed-bb-s,ksverald isaofercesa colci ndo ro prnto, eleat eteyp and cDadnsile tables,.adoe aoo sideboard and cheffonier, a few oil paintinzg' wrought-mreeitP Base tcrps, de. ; the principal be~d ratini furnituremcuehn'sm ndrchly carved Piiiar foui'post ann - Parsia bdstad, wth amsk aning, mrne gooe and down feaherbed.. obl:wnge plin nd oilt ardrobes, dIrawer and washotnds, dnl~aadsingle obera and dessiggaes hdt,c, pets curains ce. hal andbaseent Equrts loce tes r Adrowaou mear Lodon, .R A CONA .be.S to g2 that .the AD- WS0N of the _IaCTORYo SItRLRba enBB PO'-RD OF, b.y private contract.-Offices E. John-street, Adelphl. 7', York-gate, Rsegent7e-park.,-Inmiture and Effects. -'r lifE.ANCO A is-nstrctedby the -Executors of i!.Lhelae . iner E~.loSEL y UTIO.pon the Prmss 10. orkgat. ieget's-arkn Mnda', uly14, the genuine HUE HOLD FUNITUXEad EFFECr, chia, glass, hooks, and about 1.01 oures o plae, &~ Fitls~rticl Km wi ppeazr ind futudra adverisemets, ad caalogus o tsts. her.Greville, and Toose, olcior, S. witin'-lne o a te ffce ofM. Anconaa Advowsoa. beautifully situate in Hants, R. TA-NCO2NA is instructedl to SELL4 on F'riaay, m Jul U, a theMart runess previously sold by Private Cotac)'he ADVOWSON of the RECTORY of GRATEIiHY. beuiulystuate abonat five miles from Andover. within moderate distance of Winchester, S-al-isbury,. and Stockbridge, and clowe to a rallsay station- The situaition ismost healthy, end offers excellent sone-ty. The churchis in admira'ble repair, ad tbere isa gDod sbool. Population about ItO. wholly agricultural. There iz a Dommuated rent. ,barge of 273 5is., and about 42 acres of exceilent glebe. For furtbeg a,, rticulars apply to Mr. Ancona, urvreyor, S, John-street, Adelpi York-gat, Itegent's-park.-Ver desimabe Leasehold Xesidence, let onx Lease MR. ANCON~A is instructed by the Executors of -11the late-J. Finder. Fsct..to SEL'L.attite.Mart. on Friday, lth J uly, the L,E ASEHTOLD RSIDENCE, No. 4, Yoik-gate, Regent?spark, one of the most desirable hiouses in this much sought after locality. It contains well proportioned drawing rooms, dininig room, anSI libary to foor o be roms an sitaledomestic officer. The houe i wll uil, f hndomeeleaton,anwell adopted for a yentleen' faily Itis et n laseto . F Bets,Fza., at 130O a year. andis eldforen nexire tem o abut 5 ezrs at a ground rent of 40 er anum Maybovewedithcard bypermission of the t-enent, andfurhe paticlas otaiedof esss.Tucker, C.reviile. ansi Testr. oliitos, t. witiul-lae; r a th otfices of M-r. Aucona. York-gate, Regent's-park.-Very desirable Leasehold Resdence, with possssion, lIAR A-NCONrA is instructed by the Executors of the LLlate J. Finder, Esq., to SELL at the Miart, on Frxiday, 1lth July, the LEASEROLD RESIX)ENCIl, No. 10. York-gate, Rerent?*. part-, a very desirable famiLy residence, aud for which immediate p00. sessin may he arranged. It oontains well-proportioned dratvinH. r"ooms-,,diing rooms, and library, two iloors of bed chambers, anid usmtable dmestic offices. The house is replete wills every ronvenisoce foe! afarnily, and ofcomsman ding elevation and style. It is heldfor an am expired term of about 40 years at a grouna rent of 40 per ann%um. Amay be viewedl and further particulars o'btained on application to Kmesms Tucker, Greville. and Tucker, solicitors, St. Swithlna!s-lane, or. at the offices of Mr. Amoona, 8, John-street, Adedpbi. Fullham.-Valuable Building Laud. 11Jr?. ANCONA is instructed to offer for SALE b~ jLAUCTIO.N, at the Mlart, on Tuesday. thle 1,1th of July, at I, Wnales Wously sold by private contract.) a Tery valuable COPY- AT, part of which'is known as BaLgley's nursery grounds'. held unuder the manor of Fulhwn, suibject to trifting fines certain, that make it equal to freehold, end haying a frontage of nearly 400 feet to,the high road from North-end, Fulham. to THammeramith Church, a firt-rte ocait fo asbuidig Secuatin.The lendI extends top. on pplcaiontoMesrs.TukerGrvile,and Tucker, solicitors t Swstan'.~lan; atthe art;an4 t Mr Ancna'soffices, 8, John- - Leaseholds.-Loodon-road, near the Elephant end Castle. IA RANCONA is instructed by the Mortgam'ees Lunder power of sale. to OFFER by AUYCTION , at the lY?Art, on Friday, July11.-atiprecisely (unles oure snly sold by private con- tract)a valuable LEASEHOLD ESTAT, situate near the Elelshantd. and Catle (a first-cate business locality), and being Nos 55. 56, 57, 58S. 59. and 60, Loudoreroad. also some stables and four smallhoumsrsrn the rear of th-s- premises; thewhole well let, to responsible tenauntti. on eas. aaneeut oryealy enacy,atrentals producing 4313 a yer. Tisprpertished fo an nexpredmt of about 10 years at retalof 164lOs pe anum,whih lavs awefl secured profit rentlofbou1D 1saarTeportnay. bendeOd beg ter ansinofuthethaeteat,d ofute ariuasn cni,on oen s haregesd&.,w ppa -NNeues s Tuci soictoars,aSt. Swatin'uleneattheoMf;fni tM.non' ffos Pieonste c.A e Gocid, AtieanMsclne. JfESSRS. DEBEINHLA3I STOR1, and SON be t atGraAySE rtcuar at theirRs ofices,trein Covent-garden. T-cro Enire Thre Pianofor,thlets, ocf riemgoled frsetwttines,g-hld; calns, Pn b o aiece GmeoofsAtie and othsref.llav...ce g j~JESRS DEENH?SI STRR~and SON will theiaesbry Roostce, Kiy-treet Covrt-garden, toS H iS DAYJUneI25, at th, CoTHS Monda,Juny, Atir, at1-.; als netheu sern torveandeittings of at loadies scool removsuaed fromweti-hll,ra: cont ]e atin oftreenpianofortespe byum Brandwodd fSonsth Gdemrismad St. pairhoflobes, cHosimneyfo and dnepredsngglses,n lof dinin"a an lothe tables setsof chirseorswedsb andmisdiongof 10- treui,i cand pres. bedsads,line, chns,titchenr obtenisned effeThms. Onlo view.,o Jeweier, Wtchs, lat. 11) b. f coic and Mrt geu nelForeig Cigars, ,te.-Odon-bview. IJESSRS. G.E.BENtAMSTONR and SONS (lae o TIO, aEt a thei3frt Ron m M io sretMoet-adnaT-oro eThursayb,le instanOLD ENOGLVIS4H P and (5inE 3ot AtChe foloin silvespoon and orks,trinkts o linegeldye withngems,ttgol chedns dendp,itb. of Re:anias,Epetogrors,and tother lne tavnnxad,bcigars. Apparg-ouel, Piece goods, capital Funitr. PiAnoforteldg, FAm. st~reet,lslwrthD BNH;I SO and acneertsx mclR sOdnce win be deiaoleLL loalty oteir Roos.ikn-street, Covent-ordsten, onFaidftay. the 2The ina.BOAD CrOeTHSir andleta)OdSrate siksatins,o oldadiea andspentaletenbantti re;draigcoming rnga rooI10.pr utm, andbd habs hedfurniue 'armodserms panoforte and effecrets. Onaie the dayweprior 1JESSRS. KEMWP hav 2reciAvead SOnstructeon fof Mith Bucutenbrs o aeinstramod,yas tEs. dortgaged, to BEL,L b3 AUCTION, at the Mart. ons Monay.Jhuly Ki,j at 1angTeat andsu-mr stant ialy ,an built LE ASEHOLD 1 ReaIEch dythwelly manuactuli tI convNIeTUREandheb loclit o Kincuigis-softy,or-ot O di-ron, altnd oleasbedat aenad. l o 4eranbedngm,wne anded fomther GdovernorsofaSt eaosjt the rsale. andpirticnlasotie of th uhousbd bmas Traye drawingo roe lter,4 SeeWa-yard,Lnarim Cdno-treto,; catd theitart; and occa Meisrs Mltegason oo andSos w1 inge William-srtooreet, pondon-bcridgem Prf L esasehoC.ld netments fror,smallfCaptalists. meabes sideSSards. and set of chis baSyOrtgtbe.w e and SONS lateo b uolcaklershury)earinstarructed bnthPoprdieh-tord L.;toSItben rC. QustION atd the Msart, onfct onday Jul14 srants offinrlos, the frollwngare rolbler eo LEASesOL PROPEigrTY gare egneatl arngdCttag,fie oesttrees,wibarand sbu3Dplacios fr ontage to the fixtunresof h anbiGnN.' Dwy elln-home. wthe gaypirden, berings o. We, Cataloguesongs Eat-e streeit, aoftH. end RearcoveientIa. soix- orooe 7GresIene,inu thae: desdrableeaocalieerof BrunJuic-street, Stamfordk-stureet.irsas resectabl tI RAenans,prdu ing r hental ar of R81l g er nnum, uandi held for vaiou %idomseativery lpow rtunit frens May bes-c Ivieedsin day preious to thEL byi aUCINd.particlr th atobtane ofness Thurs. Pool. andy Woo, solciors2 , aalbe BlacfrsrE-OLDMAd ofmpessr.Ma anderitalsoitor a(omdos, r7.sidncln's-inn-fiel; at the Marth ande ofmt anEhod Collole Gasse Tan larg dtimnsi-CpyonsndEffntd alseol thve ait AUTO , on the aboems, PaRk-oueP Knintn-oe,Y,mp row. June25.ar ant folowig ay, atdo 12reaCh day,the7 well-mnufcturt. FUld adItUree andOe(fo EFE TS,rincludigloftyor-pot), irnan roomtsuis, ofcohe.ar aydtt,in,cr,wrtn,an ca potoi sTaOnd, oc n the dreis, oinron,stf etnigfame thabl sIdeboars, andtusets, ofcans, lbarec , wriin t abewn ed adslnl bokaes,rpin eaybeman'swardrobe, enlsewabtud ie;kieene alisifthes andcthoe uuleffct oftesrvns2ffcsw iron gux arde. rollers, melonfra ers, Shan-ihs,gre engne kamnfools, lenorn tree, WNd abou SOplNt win pes blsyh AJxTurs OfNth matnn tayeviewe thes dayporie-r and morningsrof, sale CataHlorusAonth premises; SOf K ll.200 dozensc hoft Fe. solitor., Ghr ray'sinnsuare and oawthern auc e-tio eers, 37 Jddsteet, brunsicksuar pea.,prm valubleE ngravinE hav beenin favom urted it eiCUnstrD M R.3 t LLSiOdrnse to SELL oy AUCTIONatheMr,Lno,0Tus.Y day,nJul17,ng t1,uavalubt e 2GEE h,D ESTIE, comrising. draperior-eto and comdOuseresidnc,situateoneathe nrt bas ides ofRe gencysquer. Bri hton,numbre t36, cmanding man unaafinterrupte viewan ofheirsea and containes eoveryd accmmoatinhilotana orafmiyof. thel h tghestespefctarilts;leo lese at Caveta ofsca 160 peranm. Perarticulare 10en daspirb h aette Olewd Ship Brighon;th Mart, Lorndong of Mess.Geor,G egory,mSir es and oci ato,e Fr5hel Vila nd an atStanes-Coyhodnnd Letaniehsd nes M .C. byTN AE,TI )AYC IO ath great ROBo S Nwl EL,a i om -a on-treI o-oro,Jue h 2t, t 2 FR NITURE,owhic compie h eustsfrtevrosaainse chnaad las edefecs Mybeviwd hedy rorZadcam PREDERICK A. 2MULLETT ontis favotnrcT wit nstructonsYtotSLLbyACPO.o ah Przuersfe a abv,on Tuesday, July th 3e,a 2 o'clock- the modern FUR.- N IRE and FITTLN'GSof the RE1IDE~NqE,comprislingthe usual bed chamber appendages of asuperiordescrption,a roEewood drawing room suits in crirmson tabaret, with curains for three widowxs Ioo,, occasrional, and fancy tabics cheffonier 'with plate-glas,6 back.a 7-feetpcdestal sideboard, set of extending; dining tables. dirner wagg-o 12 dining sooma chair. dul fistgdto rm" dT furnitue. blins, glis, g kitebnYeqi rtp,dRea,aybe ,viewe the dartprirndoringsofsale. Catalogueshadon thec-. nidce; a d a t the autoers offices, in AIion-psce, Hyde-pear-.so. ufolk.-IMportant Freehold and IPart Coryhold Estates, in the several Plarishes of Thoradon, RisLa-inges ldlrkfeld, Debenkam Stoulham Aspal, and Stowepland, and the M anor of Ri,shagle al Of which are in the coun I of Suffolk., annx near to the two plizelpal market towns of Stewmar et and luawich. lIR. SPURLINGr respectfully annoumces hbe Iag .L4received instructions from the Deviates in T~rust of the 1ste Ricbard Dalton, F~us,, deceasedl, to offer for SALE by AUCTON,f on Friday, the 27th day of June (unla-es an aceptable *ffer bepe. vioua]y made by Private Conatract.), at the 'Fox T-Tera. StOwniar et. the foillowiu~ RfiT,&TES in lots :- ot 1. The.Ledge Farm in th* parishes of Torndon end Itichangiss containing lOia. 2r lip, Of capital 2amble and Pasture land, with farmo-bouse and builldints, now izs be occupation of Mr- Wmz Rerry. Let 2. HestleY-green FarM, in the parishes of Thorade 'aand ris angles, ronEsiLID9 of I5S&s 2r. alp. of good arable and pasture land, with farm-house and build.. ings-, in the occuPation of Mrs. Cock. Let 3. The Manor oE Rihnmotherwis. hangles and .t-ortham with its mnerberg Lo .eMickleld Farm, situate in the pariRier of Mlckfeltd sai Del enham, conrtaining 252a. lr. 25p. Of verv fine arable and paakxre~ land, with farm-house and buNidng, ncw n the occpation of Mr.. Rot ert Simpson. Let 5. The Aspal StOshain FArn, rOusistigage fda. Or. 22p. of very superior arabic and pa~sture land, fasm-hOllse, As4 M the ccapatonOf MrY. Willia M aliener. Lot S. The comrisng 42, 2, lp,Of firt-rate arabie andt teoldp pastur land, wopiithgfr4m-hos and bPidirls, in the osccapation of Ms. yma. Pssesio oftheaboe esates ean be bad at Idieatls nxt,wit th exenton f lll,which in unader lease that expresat ticielias 189. artculrs nd onditions of sale, WiUt p lnaof heseera etats,ar inreasaio, azdwil be ready foe
