: ~~DETH§S. On-the 15th of Mray. I, aged 34, Robert, eldest eon of the lte Mr. John IM-efDonald, of losd's. He wes drowned while on a voyage frourblanila to S5dney, when the ship Ceylon foundered in a typton. On the 5th of May. at Meerut, Captain George Clapcott, of E.yX 01h -Royal Rides, eecnd son of George Bunter Clapc4ot, Esq., of Keynmtone, in the cownty of Dorset, aged 33. On the 3d n., at his mother'3 residence, Lient. George Conway 3fontague Senter Johnston. Trhis gallant officer served in his regiment (the 11th Foot, in the last Bnrroese war. lIe was sole heir t* the lRarztsu of Anaae, end eon of the late gallant and venerable Lient. Souter Johnston, Commndant of all H.hL's Royal Marines. Hte was sincreyloved audhononred by those. who knew his wvorth,orhad served1 On the SIlth nlt., at Chilton Polden, Sarah, the widow of the late John Ring, Ezq., of Bridgewater, in her 74th year. On the 25th nIt.. Thoma Glis3an Esq much r-gretted by all vho knew hin, at the residence of hii eOrn, Sargeon James Glisan, Leonxrd-nluare, Finabury. R.LP. On Tuesday, the lst inst., at Cologne. the Hon. Mmfs, J. J. Whaites, soangest daughter of the late Lord *Yodehonse. OD the 3d inst.. at Abingdon Villas, Ke-i gt4r John Frederick Woae; Esq., aged 7i. Oith Sth inst., it GranvMle-plocei Blackheath, Jull'ette, the wife of Jehn-WhIchcord, sun., Esq., F.S.A., aged '9. On the Zth inst, at Newt3nailla, Finchley.road, Jamese Wgliam eldest son of the late Dr. Smith, of Stevexnuge, flerte, and the dearly loved stepson of John A. D. Cox, Esq., aged 12 years. On the Cth inst.. at Waterton, near Aberdeen, Ann Logie, wife of Alexander Pirie, Zeq. *n the 11th inst. at CliFton. the Rev. Charles Leeson Bingham, only eon of tho late Charles Bingham, Esq., of Liedeld, in the 25th year of his age. On the 7th inst.. of consumptiong Elsabeth Alkin, second daughter of RIchsrd Alkin,Esq., of Harthilll, rnear Atheosoe WVarwichahse On the 7th inst., at 13, Eten-terrae, Edinburgh, IMary Hamilton, indent dan5hter of Comoraceder AKgnew, R.d Cn the 7th last. ,Ads iouisa Norton, the beloved and only daughter ef 3 omes Horton Sith, REs., of Fairileld House. WForthing. On the 7th inst, at 8. Yurk-terrace, St. John's-wooad Henrietta, widow of the late Thomas Oldham, Esq., engineer to the Bank of England, in the 57th year of her age. On the ith inst.. aix weeks alter his return from the Black Sea, at Great B srifield, Emferx,whllo on a visit '.o his brother. the Bev. Rtichard Ifirwan. l'et Lietenadn3t RBoyl Mari]ne A3rdtilery, late of IL3LS. Hgh. drerithird haenrd3youngest arcn of the late Cap tain Richard Rirwan, 7th On the Eth inst, at St. John's, Bedford, Miss Etier. Or! the S:hin-t., at Ker-, Eliabeth, second daughter of Mr. Lewis, Surgeon. Spital-squnre, agedl 8. On the 5thi inst.. at Cumberland Ledge, W-indsor, Albert Frlesen, Sfthi en Of rthe Hon. Colonel and Lady Mary Hed, aged four days. On the 5th last., at Ctorenee.plaoe, Clapham.rise. Laura Isabel, the eldest daughter of Thee. J. Foord, Esq., in the ith year of her age. On the 1tGh ii, Emniy Julia, the wife of Mr. G. A. B. Hewitt, ot No, 2, Adulfngton-place, Norwcod. aged 36 years. On the 5th inst., at his residence, S. Glocester.creseent north, Paddinston, t e Brathaite, of Barbados, aged 69 yese.
PARLIAZNTABRY INTELLrGBNCE. I HOUSP OF JULY 9. The HoDse met at 3 o'clock. Petitions were presented, by Mr. CEirLD, frorm the board of guardians of Wolstan ton and Bursiem, Ztaffordshire, against the Vaccination Bill, and from Ipstonec, Staffordshire, in favour of tho ratirng of mines; by Mr. MORRIS, from Carmarthen,agairist tShe performance of bands of music on Sundays; by Lord MuLRtAvE (for Mr. J. Juff), from the members of the Strathbogie, Turriff, and F'ordyca Associations of Free Chur-h Teachers in favour of the Lord Advocate's Education. BELs; by Mr. HDIrmLD, from a numerous body of inhabitants of Sheffield, complAining of the declaration annexed to the treaty at Paans affecting British maritime rights, and also of the mode in which the misunderstanding with the United States of America has been brought about, and, therefore, praying that a solemn squiry and investigation of these mnatters may be instituted by the House; by Mr. Bxoscxn, from the coimmittee of the [ipon Institution, in fiv.iur of the Scientific and Literary Societies BiU ; by Mr. W. M. SMITH, fromij the Poor-LUw guardians of the Tunbridge Union in favour of the expenditure of the county rate being placed under the direction of a board elected on the representative system, instead of being controled exclusively by magistrates; and by Mr. P. O'Btxls, from over 5Woinhabitants of the p-arish of Rynagh, in the King's county, in f.vour of tenant right in Izeland. CiVIl" SERVICE. Lord GODERICH having moved that the IHouse resolve into committee on this subject, The CHANCELI1OR of the EXCHEQUER rose and s;aid, he wished to give such an explanation in reference to this question as might induce his noble friend not to proceed with his motion for going into commuittee. At an early period of the session his noble friend moved a resolution with the view of making more general the examination by open competition for admission into the civil service. A diaS cession took place, followed by a division, after which the question had been postponed till the present time. Since that discussion took place the system thcn in force had con. tinuedinoperation,andaconisiderableadditionlnumberofexaminations and appointments had taken place. He would state the numberof examinatiorsandappointmenitssince theexisting system was introduced in may, 1S55, up to the 30th of June in tne present year. The number of candidates nominated was 2,390, and of these 1,055 were examined in London, and 693 in the provinces, making a total of 1,748 persons examined. Certificates were granted to o54 persons on the London examinatiorn, to 445 persons on the provincial examinations; and to 61 persons on the reports of heads of departments, making a total of 1,070 persons to whom certificates were granted. The number of certificates refused on the London examinations wa, 318, and on the provincial 238; making a total of 556 certificates refused against; 1,070 granted. Therefore the result was as nearly as possible that two personsumcceeded in obtaining certificates to one who failed. That had been the practical result of the esisting system up to the present time, and the House would see that it had the effect of separating the worthy from the unwortby candidates. His noble friend proposed to carry to a still greater extent the system of open exnaminations, so that whenever a vacancy occurred in a public office any persons might offer themselves as candidates without any qualification beyond that which appeared on the examination, and if thev happened to be the best they should be accepted. The plan at present adopted in reference to the superior departments of the Government, such as thosis of the Secretaries of State and the Treasury, was that, whenever a vacancy occurred, several candidates were selected by the head of the department andsubjectedato omnpstitive examinationto determine who was the fittest person to fill the vacancy. Now the head of a department, thongh holding office by the precarious tenure osf political power, therefore being only temporarily in his department, yet always had a strong interest ia obtaining efficient servants for the conduct of the affairs of the department. He was, moreover, surrounded by permanent officers, who by their adviee confirmed him in that feeling. Any gentleman acquainted with the spirit which now animated the heads o:r public departments would be satisfied that, m reference to the appointment to vacancies, it 'ouId he the study of those heads to present such a number of candidates as would enable the Civil Service Commissioners toselect pesons fullyadequate to disebarge the duties they wonldbe called on to perform. The House, therefore, wouldseethat the system now introduced offered satisfactory securities for good appointments. He would now take the case of those civil servants who performed functions the least responsible and important. There is a numerous body of these persons in the Customs, the (Coast, the Excise, and the Post-office. The House would understand that any system of competitive literary examination was wholy unsuited to civil servants of this class. To discharge the duties of a tidewaiter, for instance, a man of sobriety and honesty was required, and it would bo absunrd for Government to require any superior qualifications. (Hear, hear.) Let the House consider the case of a letter-carrier in the country. The wages of that officer, if engaged every dav, amounted to l2s. or 14s. a-week; and, if engaged for only three days out of the seven, his wages were not more than 6s. a-week. Now, anythi.ng of an extensive competitive examination in respect to this class of persons, with questions proposed by examiners, would have an air of ridlcule attached to it, and the Houss must admit that such a system was not applicable to them. (Hear, hear.) There was, besides, an intermediate chnss, and he admitted that the principle advocated by his noble friend had great recommendations in respect to that class, comprising many - -ons in the intellectual branch of the Revenue iepartment and clerks nominated by the Treasury. With respect to the Secretary to the Treasury, that officer, not being the head of the department for which his nominations were made, was not interested to the same extent as the head would be in obtainig efficient ser-ants. Therefore that class of appointments required some additional security to that vwhich now existed. (Hear.) Hlaving communicated with the Civil Service Commissioners, who were most excellent public officers, be could state that the result of their experience was that examination by competition, where the number examined was noto considerable, did, on the whole, rproduce more satufactory effects than any other kind of examination, and the candidates were more efficient in the Performance of their duties. (Hear, hear.) Their expesience was in favour of the gradual and calutious extension of the principle of appointments by competitive exam inatiorL (Hlear, hear.) The question, then, was by what means and in what form that principle should be estended ? The House must see that there was a difficulty in laying down any universal rule, which would operate so that all candidates for office in the publio service should be brought up to London to undergo a competitive examination. If the examination was merely For the purpose of ascertaining that the candidate possessed a certain prescribed set of qualifications-that he had attained a certain standard, thAt examination could be conducted in any part of the unitei kingdom by proper arrangemaents. Bu;t if every appo ntment was to be made on the principle of competition. it would be necessary to bring every candidate to one place, just as at a horserace all the competing horses must r.n over the same ground. Supposing that the three capitals -London, Edinburgb, and Dablm -were selected as the places for examination, a great advantage would thereby be given to persons living in or near those cities, and a person resident in Wales or Cornwall might not be willing to incur the expense of a long journey on the uncertainty of the result of the examination in his case. The consequence would be that, under such a system, a sort of monopoly would be given to persorns residing in the vicinity of the tbree capitals. (Hear, hear.) Therefore there was considerable practical difficulty in the way of laying down any universal imperative regulations on this subject. (Hear, hear.) He thought that means mightbefoundfor having examinationsin differentparts of the country and for affording facilities for candidates to conme forward; but he did not think it would be fair inimediately to lay down any such universal regulation as would impose on all candidates for public office the necessity of coming up to any one place. (Hear, hear.) He quite admnitted, however, that experience was in favour of the pi-inciple recommendedby his noble friend, and it would be the study of the Government, by gradualmeans, by feeling their way as they advanced, by avoiding those difEiculties the existence of which experience might point out, to give as much extension as co-nld with safety and propriety be done to the principle advocated by the noble lord. (Hear, hear.) EHi trusted that this explanation would satisfy the House that it was the sincere wish of the Government to carry into effect, and to give as much practical extension ascircumstances *vould permit, to the prnciple of competitive examination for ap,pointments in the civil service, This principle was adopted last year, and had afforded to the public the greatest amount of security for efiiciency- in all the branches of the civil service. (Hear, Sir S. NORTHCOTE submistd$to the noble lord whether it would not be desirable, after the explanation made by the Clancellor of the Exchequer, that the order of the day for a committee on this subject should be discharagd ? The position of the question was now satisfactory to those who esired to see tne system of conpetitive examination further but cautiously extended, and it would be unwise to press the mnatter too hastily. It would be better to leave the matter in the hands of the Chancellor of the Excheqner with the u.derstanding that the systeni would be carried out in the spiritindicated. (Hear.) Lord GODERICE said that? if the Chancellor of the Exchequer had on a former occasion delivered such a speech as the one just made, he should then have left the question in the hands of the Government. He felt bound to say that nothing could be more gratifying than the right hon. gentleman's speech on the present occasion. (Hear, hear.) In the address which he moved on a previous occasion he took care to use terms calculated not to tie up the hands of the Government, because he felt then, as now, that they were of course far better judges on such questions than any private member. He was most ready to thank the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the promises contained in his speech, and, though the measures Government proposed to take were not specified, yet he was glad to hear that the right hon. gentleman adopted the principle enunciated in the address as a sound principle, and was ready to act on it in those branches of the Civil Service to which he thought it applicable. (Eear, hear.) He therefore did not propose-to proceed any further with his motion for going into committee, especially as it would be useless to do so at thepresent period of the session. He was willing that the order of the day should ba discharged, undertaking,. however, to bring forward the subiect again if he found that the hGovement did not act inVie spirit of the Chancellor of the Exchequer's speech. (lear, hear.) iMRr. TIT; expressed his cor.currence in the course taken by-the noble lord in withdrawing his motion. He thoulght the principle mighst he carried out qusite as far as the noble lord intended when he £irst brought forwarrd his motion, hut at the saint time hs was alwasrPaijJto cpb.wo the hlonest and earnest promises of tbe Government. IS would be unreaonable not to cnnour in any extension of t?ae system of competitive examination, which might be carried out prudently, cautiowuy, and wisely. -Mr. R[CH said, he also aciepted the compromi8e of the ChanceUor of the Exchequer, but he looked upon it as only a step in advance towards the attainment of the ultimate end-fuU and free competition. The Dean of Hereford, perhaps the highest authority Dfl national education, in discussIng the advantages of open competition for public offizee, said, in his pamphlet on the reorganization of the civil service, that-- " If established by legislative enactment, it vill do snore for the advancemuent of education than a Parliamentary grant of many hundred thousands a-year, or than any hill for theextension of it which. the country is prepared to adopt at the present time; it idll do this als on the best poseible grounds, by'holding out motives of an honourable * d to al classes o society to educate themselves, and wial show them that good character, knowledge, industry, and fitness for the discharge of offimfial duties, in whatever rank of life, willnmeet with their appropriate reward. It will be the vei best education biUl which Government can bring forward." He entirely concurred in these opinions, and hoped the day was not far distant when they would be adopted. (Hear, hear.) The order of the day for the House resolving into com. Inittee on the civil service was then discharged. I TENANT RIGHT (IRELAND) B?IL Mr. XOOBE, in moving that the order for going into committee on this biU be discharged, aid that, considering the late period of the sessior, and following the advice whichhe had received from various gentlemen whom he had consulted, he had come to the *onclusion that he should not be doing justice to the merits of the question if he were to call upon the House now to go into'committee on this bil. If the session, however, had not been so far advanced he should not have been deterred by the singular expedient which the Government appeared to have adopted of calling upon the hon. member for Northamptonshire (Mr. Stafford) to go shares with them in the blame of rejecting this bil. He had too much reliance on the shrewdness and sagacity of that hon. gentleman to thiak for a moment that' he would allow himself to be :made the cat'spaw of the Treasury bench in getting ri. of a measnre which they themselves were "w wiUing to wound, yet afraid to strike." He did not think that the hon. gentleman was the mar, to lend himself to helping the Government out of the predicamentinto whichtheir own intrigues had brought them. (Elear, hear.) The interpolation of the Nswab of Surat Treaty Bill into the private business on two successive Wednesdays had prevented his 'bringing the biUl on before, and the abridgment of to-day's sittiug, coupled with *the state of business in the house, did not allow of any hope that it could be &atisfacto:rily disposed of in this session. He should therefore leave the Government in full possession of the advantage which they had so honourably achieved, though it was no great exertion of chivahry or generosity on his part to say that he did not grudge them one particle of the credit which their proceedings in this matter had gained for them in that house and in Ireland. Of the personal explanation w?ich he had been fortunate enough to elicit fromn the Irish Secretary it wvould be superfluous cruelty to say one wvord, because, though it was most exceptionalintone and tempe:r and -was rather offensive than defensive, to attempt to relate it would be something like the undertaking of a well-known alderman ',to put down suicide." (Hear.) If the right hon. gentleman should on any future occasion feel it his duty to oppose any measure of his, he only hoped. that he would accompany that opposition with arguments and statements such as those whichhe had advaneed against this bill. According to the explanation which the right hon. gentleman had been ordere; by the Government to make, the Governtment had voted for the second readinz of this bill because they acknowledged the justice of its pnnciple; but they opposed itS further progress because they wished to preven. that principle being carried into operation. It might be said that _.he had no reason to complain of this course, because it was precisely the course which the Government adopted with their own bills (hear, hear); bat, as nobody that he knew of took the slightest interest in their biUs, while a whole people took a deep interest in this biU of his, he might be pernmitted to object to the parity of proceeding. Therighthon. gentlen2an found amplesatisfaction for his own intellectual shorto3rnings in dwelling on the stateof destitution towhich,he said, the IrishTenantLeague had been reduced. Though the Irish Executive might be bankrupt in sense, the right lion. gentlemean found consolation in the fact that the Irish Tenant League was bankrupt in circumstances. That was not a very strong argument at best, but its strength was very snuch dimuinished by the fact that it was unfounded. The st;tement miade by the right hon. gentleman on a forner occasion wvas to the effect that the Tenant League was so banksipt that six of its mermbers were obliged to club together to guarantee the payment of but he had been uisled partly by a typographical blunders and artly by ms own vriltul indiscretion. On the death of Mr. Lucas a temporary suspengsion took place in the operations of the league, and it being foutnd that two sumns amounting to 541. and CO0. (not (t3.)were owing, the payment of themi was guaranteed by several of the members of the league, but at the next general meeting the whole miatter was settled. How the right hon. gentleman used the argument which he drevw fromu the 'weakress of the league he could not see. If it was good for anything it was an argument against the second reading, and not in favour of it. (Hear, hear.) The policy which guided the quunntua sczentiawas, that when tenaut league was strong and active the just principles which it advocated must be paltered with, but if it was weak and inactive the principle might be trampled on. It was to be ho ed that during the recess the right hon. gentleman 'would devote himaself to a study of the geography of Ireland and of the habits and wants of the Irish people, of which he seemed profoundly ignorant, and perhaps nest sesseon bewould be able io furnishthe}House with some ideas of his own as to thie justice of the principles on which this bill was foundedL Inmtead, too, of engaging himself in importing into Ireland a scheme of English legislation which was as unacceptable an importation as himself, he might well employ his leisure in devising some scheme for the reformation of thoseIrish isenbers bywhom he wasatonce supported and besie,ed. (Hear, bear.) The lion. gentleman concluded by movitg that the order for the committal of the biU be discharged. Sir J. WALSH protested agaiiist the opinion that this bil was asuctioned by a majority of that House because its second reading liad been carried by a mere snap division. Owing to the very anomalous course taken by the Irish Secretary on that occasion, many hon. members were provented froim voting who had intended to vote against the bilL If the division had been taken in a fell House, he was convirnced there would have been, a large majority against the bilL. Mr. KEIMNEDY said, the majority of Irish members was six to one in favour of this bilL He put the English and Scotch members out of the question, for they could know comparatively little of the merits of the question. Mfr. MIAGUIRE said, a bill of this description ought not to be introduced by a private member, and he hoped the Government would make up their minds next session to introduce a measure which should satisfy the just demands of the Irish people. Mr. M'MAI ON did not think that such appeals -were of much use. It was for the peoplo of Ireland to take the settlement of this question upon themselves. by sending at the next general election no members to Parliament who would not pledge themselves to pass a full, complete, and comprehensive measure of redress. Mir. VALNCE denied that the entire body of Irish members was in favour of any such bUls at this. The agitation in favour of this bill had been raised at a timse of groat distress in Ireland, and it had been prolonged both in and out of Parliament merely for electioneering purposes. Mr. POLLARD-URQUHART expressed his regret at the course taken by the Government on this bill. He entreated the noble lord at the head of the Government to direct his earnest attention to the speedy adjustment of this long-vexed question, and thereby to remove wvhat might prove a source of serious embarrassment to the proper workmug of our representative system. If this social grievance remained unredressed the people af Ireland might be forced, in sl-defence, to return a class c,f members to that house who would subordinate every othe r question to the attainment o£ an equitable settlement of this controversy. Lord PALMERSTON.-The course which Her Majesty' Government have to pursue in regard to this question is, I think, suficiently clear. My own opinion on the relations between landlord aud tenant has never been concealed ; It was plainly expressed in the committee of which I was a member some years ago, and it has also been fully expressed in this house on former occasions. On general principles I think it undesirable, and indeed highly objectionable, that Parliament should interfere with the transactions between parties who may snake bargains with each otlher. (Hear.) There can, I imagine, hardly be two opinions on the proposition, that it is most hurtful for the law to interpose between landlords and tenants, or betwieen buyers and sellers of any description, and prescribe to either en what conditions sneir mutual contracts shall be bassd. But we have felt and have avowed that, in the very peculiar position in which Ireland stands in regard to the rlatioiis betveen landlord and tenant, an exception might be made to that general ar d just principle. On that ground, dealing with tbis matter as an exceptional case, we last year undertook the charge of a bill which-although we might not approve in the abstract all the arrangements it proposed-we vwere still led to believe would, if passed into law, put an end to thoso loca disputes 'Which have disturbed the tranquillity of the country and orevented thatharmoony which ought to prevail between different classes. 1We did o ar best to settle this question lastsession, butwe were disappcintedin ourexpecations. Owing to the conflict of opinion between different parties as to the provisions of the measiue, that bill failed. Wre come, ihen, to the bill now under discussion, which is certainly very different in its character and scope from the measure which we declared our intention t last year to sup port. My right hon. friend the Secretary for Ireland did not deem it his duty to oppose the second reading, in order that ample opportunity might be afforded for a full expression of the opinion of the House ont the biLI but I cannot regard the measure as one which ought to pe passed into law, and, as we have now arived at anoeer kz"e of its progress, I shall certaW ya Jl't.ight to-J jgti' noble lord was interrupted by.Mr. Hor;man, who amid the merlimnent of the House informed him'-that the bill had been withdraw.] The noble lord continued.-I was not awaxe of what occurred earlier in the discussion, having been detained elsewhere by other busness (hear, hear) : but, as I learn that the bill has been abindoned (laughter), of course the debate upon it ought to close. The proDOsers of the measure are entitled to insist on the obervrance of the maxim, "De mO-iui.s niz nuii Z0onum." (LAughter.) If it is dead, let us be silent on the subject. [The noble lord at this point appeared to have concluded, but, receiving another hint from Mr. Horm!an, aftera brief pause he addedl-A -oid as to the intentions of the Government respecting this question in the next session. I have already stated our opimion on the general question* and although we do rot thinkc that in the p resent temper of Parliament there is auy likelihood of anyC hill on. this subject passing which we might be disposed to bring in. we shaUl of course reel it our duty to igive the most respect. fuleconsideration to any measure wihich any independent member may introduce. ("Hlear, bear," and a laugh.) . The order was then discharged. JUDGMtENTS EXECUTICI, &c., BILL. On the order of the day for going into committee on this bjll Mr. F. FRENCH moved, as an amendment, th.t the House go into committee that day three months Mr. WM'LHON supported the amendment. Mfr. J. D. FITZGERALD said, tbat the principle of this bill had his support, and that of the Solicitor-General and the Attorney-(6eneral for England, ias well as of the LordAdvocate. in committee safeguards against abuse might be introduced into the grovisions. Mr. NAPIER thought the attempt to render this a useful bneasure quite hopeless. There was, moreover, a strong feeling in Ireland against the bill, espeoially among the commercial classes. Colonel DUNN-E hoped ihe House would not go into committee until it was in possession of the amendments intended to be proposed to guard against abuse. htr. WHITESIDE also protestedI against the bilU as highly impolitic, and calculated to produce much practical mischief and hardship. It would give no jurisdiction to the courts in Dablin by which relief could he grantedfrom a judgment fraudulently obtained. Mr. CRAUFURD defended the bill, explaining that it did not seek to alter the existinig law as to judgments, but merely to substitute a mode of registration for an action at law. Mr. MCANN supported the amendment. The House then divided, when there were- For the amendment ... ... ... 69 Agaust it ... ... , ... .. 74 Majority ... ... .. - On the question that the Speaker 7eave the chair, lAr. VAN2CE moved the adjournment of the debate. Another division took place, the numbers being- For the amendment ... ... ... 63 Against it .73 Majority.-10 ... ... -l0 Mr. 'WHITESIDE thought he hon. gentleman (Mr. Cranfurd) would only waste the time of the Rouse by pressing his bill, and recommended him to postpone it until the next session, observing that the measure which the Attorney. Gsneral for Ireland had intimated that it was his intention to introduce next year wouild probably effect the objects the hon. gentleman had in view. The LORD-ADVOCATE; said, that hon. gentlemen opposite seemed to approve the principle of the measure, and he hoped, therefore, they woull allow the bill to go into committee that an opportunity might be afforded for considering its details. Mr. HENLEY thought the proner course would be to go into committee pro forind, iu order that the clauses which the Attorney-General for Ireland proposed to introduce might be printed. Colonel FRENCH objected to the bill, and was addressing the House when, At a quarter to 6 o'clock, the S3 EA.lER, in conformity with the standing order, declared the debate adjourned. Tle Lords' Amendments to the Grand Juries Bill were c onsidered a Od agteed to. Tbe IJnladful Oaths (Irelaod) Bill, and the Tumpike Acts Continuance (Ireland) Bill, were read asecond time. ASSESSED TAXES ACTS. The House having gone into committee upon these acts, Mr. WILSON said, he intended to move a resolution to effect an alteration in the duty upon racehorses. That duty was now 31. 17s., and it wvas imposed upon every racehorse which was either kept for racing or in training. Complaints were made that, under the existing system, the owners of racehorses were frequently defrauded by persons in their employment, and he roposed that the law which vas formerly i force should be re-enacted, and that a certain rate of duty should be charged upon racehorses every time they ran. The hon. gentleman moved a resolution to carsy out his object. The resolution was agreed to, and was reported to the House. APPELLATE JURISDICTION (SALARIES AND RETIRING PENSIONS). The House having gone into Conutnittee, The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved a formal resolution. declaring that provision ahould be made out of the Consolidated Fund for the pavment of retiling pensions to Deputy Speakers of the House of Lords. The resolution was agreed to, and the House resumed. The Consolidated FLnd (Appropriation) Bill, and the Militia Pay Bill, were read a second time. INDEMNIY BTLL. Mr. MASSEY obtained leave to brinig in .a hill to indeinnify such persons in the united kingdom as have ormitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to extend the time limited for those purposes respectively, which was read a first tim P. EPISCOPAL AND CAPITULAIi ESTATES. Sir G. GREY obtained leave to bring in a bill to continue the act to facilitate the managenient and improvement of episcopal and capitular estates in England. Read a first time. BOARD OF HEALTIL fr. COWIPEB obtained leave to bring in a bill to continue the General Board of Health for one year, which was read a first time. The House adjourned at five minutes to 6 o'clock,
TRADE wiT CENTRAL ASA.-The copy of a 'Despatch from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Governor in Council at Bombay, dated the 4th of June, 1856," is worthy of attentive perusal in Manchester and LiverpooL The export trade of England with Central Asim and the provinces of -Northern India is yet in its infancy, and a perusal of this despatch shows us that to a new trade in this quarter of the world, capable of indefinite extension, there are only the obstacles of an improvement in the harbour of Eurrachee, the completion of the railway from Kurrachee to Kotree, past the delta of the Indus, and the gradual extension of main roads to Ehelat, Candahar, and all the Scinde countrv. The fair at Kurrachee is rising in importance, and presents a capital medium for bringing the British merchants and the native Indian traders together, and the importation of manufactured articles in exchange for wvool, cotton, indigo, saltpetre, &c., which are all staple comlmodities of the Punjab. The trade of Afghanistan, and the Pumjab has rapidly increased in recent years, and its snore rapid increase has only been retarded by the wvant of steamboat accommodation on the rivers; the number of boats is altother insufficient, while the heavy freights, the result of this state of things, act as n great dmscouragement to the native traders. l'here is every probability thatthe countries adjacent totheInduswill draw more andmoretheir supplies from Kurrachee, the nearest point. The Goveramenthas now adopted liurrachee as the natural road by which troops are forwarded to Upper India, and the railway and the river navigation wil send commerce more and more in the same direction. It isnot merely as a valuable opening for a general commerce with'Central Asia that we msay use the month of the Indus river. It maN also to Lancashire become as important a cotton export depot as N ew Orleans. Encouragement to native produedrs and railway facilities -will do much towards increasing the growth of cotton. The despatch gives a stateinesit, by Mr. Edgeworth, the commissioner, that a large quantity of cotton might be sent down the river from Moultan, but that its bulk is so great,. from imperfect pressure, that it cannot be stowed in steamers. lTe recommenxds the establishment of a screw press in Moultan, and Mr. Frere, the commissioner at Kurachee, makes the same seg8estion for that place; and these presses, the despatch informs us, have been ordered to be pro ided. We have stil more substantial assurances of the growth of commerce in this quartser from private enterprise. The Seinde Railway Company have just obtained permission to survey the route from Moultan to Lahoro and Umritsir for a newv rail- -way, a distance of 230 miles, -which, with steamiiers of light draught on the Indus, will connect with the Scinde line. By this means Central Asia, the Punjab, and part of the N orthWest provinces. ivill obtainaccess to the Arabian Sea by the port of Kurrachee, which is contemplated bv Mr. Andrews, the chairman of the company, as the Indian port of the Euphrates transit.-Manchastrr Exaiminer. A FEROCIOUS Hoais&-On MIoiiday morning two splendid cathorses-an enitire horse and a mare-which had been waiting a little time in Vauxhail-road, Liverpool, suddenly set off at a rapid trot. Half-way dowrn the street they were met by a police-officer, who seized the mare's bridle, and brought her to a stop. tIer companion inmediately rushed at the officer, seized him hv the wvrist, and hurled him into the middle of thle_treet. The animals then pursued their fhght with accelerated speed. A little farther . n a labouring man stopped the niare, but with the same unfortunate consequences to Iiimself as had befallen the jeliceman. The driver came up as the animals were a-gin in ful trot. He gave an imperative order to "Boxeri5 to stop. "Boxer" did stop; turned round, and charged his driver with great fury. He seized hina bv the collarbone, threw him down, and knelt upon him with the evident intention of killing him,-a result which lie would speedily have accomplished had not a crowd collected and beaten the infuriated beast a6way. He was then secured, and conducted 1 o his stable. The officer (E:3ton, 491) is so much injuref that amputation of the arm, it is feared, will be requirel, and the driver is sufferin- from stvere contusions. -They are both in the Northern eospital, Liverpool. ARCHDEACON D]YmsoNN'S CAsE.-The Bath and Cheltenham Gazette states that the proceedings in this case will be commenced in the Gu ilhall, Bath, on Tuesday, the 22d nst., and wll, if permitted to go on, extend over several days. It is e~eoted, however, that the whole a'air will go offin technical legal difliculties. Dr. Robert PhiUimnore, iLP., will appear for the Arebdeacois, andit is understood that he wll at the outset of the inquiry snbmit to the Court that the Archbishop of Canterbury, the promoter of tbh suit, has not complied witgtQose preliSinary gulations which entitle im to proce4,
- I -.. PA.TJr rAETA3rY 02fCA& HOIJSE OF GOMXONS-TRdRSiD.jt. Amrx 3Q - ORDrFg Or TWX M.1- acnainAt 12 o'Cock. - nllLftion BihgiL-Cor,mitteo.- tt 2ftdslsnces' irovd d. l Soolsidl. No. 2 Bill.- mittee. lTnIafkl Actsa (Itel:and Bill,-oUmn,ittee. Continu Ire and) (_I,Crtland), BiL,-Ilouunie,e. Aewlued Taxes Ae*oRetic toheretusass Billn cunite, aiApP0stO Julisdic(tion Hosue of logos (S&larie and tetirin Pean Report thereupon. Iilila PayB ,-Coounittee . orro.tions ., of Parshes Bil,-Coimlttce. (Progressnmay3.) GTand Juries Bill-Oneidertion of lds' armerdment. Crn Justioe BIII-Comnrnittee. - XorrcII or xoToro. At i2 o'Clock Mrr. T. Duncombe,-Ou motion for going into cominittes oh vaccl-nrtion Bill, to move. "That this Housewill, upon this day tiu-e uobths, TIreolvo itself into the mid coonittee-" ORDEYs or }HE DAY. At thu Evening &ittiag. Coussolidated';mnd SlApropr tim1M.UNMtte e App lbte Jturisdiction Hoouse of TI;t. EB;D._C,mmjtte_ Corropt Practices' Prevention Bilt-Seeod reading. Partnership -Aineadment (No. 21 Bill,-Coosidemision aw amendled. tevenue, [tlaefer of Charges) lR.-tesd reading. erre celtspeansnuaUorB iU.r-Comlto-tes Thmb red atsrelaradlvDlLThrd reading.r Customes (No. 21 g, d Bi SieS rc_ding, Maden Hosre ital. Dath. BiUor S"-Third r_ 1Sdin - EndowdS chuol t eoul-on Bl ttee.-ltwireat nz CurtlGofndsteain Chancery (Ireland) Bil0.OonstderttionTas a m en d e d .i S b V p d z e X - h s [eae)Bil4-ThirTd reaing. Hlospitalms (DifbhnI BiD,-CommIttee Btrail Grounds (Ireland) BilL-Committee. (Progress 50th o' Jr ne.l Bau-u ptcy axvi Insolvency ilrelond) Bill,-Vommittee. Poor Law Amendnent (No. 2) BiIl-Adjouri,ed debate o second reading [3d of .Iuly]. Ieaeae and aLies of Scttled Estates Bil fTords]-Secondr.ug - Crimninal ApgpnoprUi`io of Trust Property BiSL-Secondxean WAlSs and Aslsint5teatoO5Bitl-Committe, Indemnity Bill-Seond reading E:piscopal .and tait LrJEtaLtes' Continuance Biil,-Secondreaing tercantile Lra , neudment Bil tLords].-Secondreaotng Dublin University BilL-8econd reading. Poor law (Irelaud) BiLl,-Adjoucneddebte on scndreu.1sth off June). P.eformnatory Lnd loduetrial Schools Bill-Consicderation orlords' anendments. Judgments Execution, kr., BiSL-Adiourned debate on motion for Mr. Speaker to leave the chair [9th ofJulyl iconcrLs or Doxio_s. At the Evening Sitting. Sir F Perry,-To ask the President of the Beealrd of Control whether heconteu,sle btering 'ing in abill to provide a judicial triunsatin India, WithL apPeal to the Privy Council in England. for the niveetigatrouand decisionofesuhcLaims on theprivate rigbtsof thenative princes and graztees of Governme.t as are now derided bythe executive Goverunent without bearing andin the abeurce of the pasties. ColonetlDtwne.-Toask ths First Lord of the Treasurywbether by the Treaty of Pris. wlhich provides for the openiug of the navigation of the Danube. any persons other than Austrian subjects will be allowed to poasess Steamers and navigate that river above the frntiers of Austrir. on the same terms as rutiietesoftbst empire. Mr. Mncartney-To ask the Atorney-General for Ireland the name of the magistratc beore whom any infornations were sworn, the dAte of the same. and the dLnyupon which. a warranit uwa issued for the apprehension of Mr. J3- es Sadleir. M£r. Cheethamn-To ask 'he Presidentof the Board of Control if hig attention his been caded to the $reit inconvenience at present sostainedby the comercial classes tr India from thea scarcity of a metelgi specie e thatrcounsry, and whether it be theintention of the Indan Governuest to talke any measures to remedg the easue. by the oention of a gld coinage easd lebr l tender in acdition to the sJiver coinsee now cunatothere; And if he is ale to laiy on the table of the mouse a report of the extent of ralwait odunidmcatian noeach yerom r to h r of con- lIr. ditrnon.-To ask the a nst lord of the Treasury a question ewith regard to the istdructions andcpowe to ho givenk to the conuniselonere abouetoeappouttedobyteCroas, intreferenc todtho seleceionof a cite for the ner l, atioal Ga.lery. An imsd Wilissnv,-Returns of the amount expended on barracks in tho united ingdom in each yeatr from 1121 to l both in. der.ive, distingutishwing ehe amouut expended on wcch lats-event, radreslairs cf barrack -b i of ne en Of tbe amount o otea d for bao-ac o in ihe united vingdoml in ealh of the years l854, 1855, and 18So6; And of the amount expended for hutst in the unitediingdom in each of those years. Mr. W. WBklincel.-Adeturns showing the amount ot capitl onfwhico the dsevera rates sf legacy duty have beern paid in Great uritCinaed in 'ireland n the years 1854 and 18SS, with an addiional colnm5 showing the amuhnet of tax receved on asci of the several ratest also the amonet oaf duly irn the abstract on each of the severl rates; And of the total aimount of revenue seceived in the united kingdom pineachofrtie yeesr 85t adrks 1 for stanp dutiesothlem cies, [ probates, administration,, and testamentawy inventories. Sir Gk. Broo,ke Pechell,-Addreee for retuIrn of the number of vialters admitted to see the apartments and pictures at ampton Court< and tbegardens at ewKr during the yeas- IES. Thin Chancellor of the } xcbeqner,-Bill to redone the stamnp duties on certaint instrumnente of proxy. andio amend the law s relating to the stamping of articles of clerkship to attorneys mndotliere The Chancellor of the Exchequer -Bill to ,rnt relief in asesing the income-tax on lands in 6icottacoi in respect of certain public burdlens charged theseon; to alter asnd regulate the anuwxes~ to clerks 1o the C'osomiesionere of Income-ta-c; and to avmeud the 1aws rehating to the redemption and purchase of theland-tas. hlr. Headlam.-Bill to abolish certain ecelevintical courts, and to continue certain temp5reryeresisions concerning ertestettontsa jurisdiction in England fora limnited period.
HIGHWAY ROBBERIES nT YORnSeIIRE.-YCStorday and on Tue3day the West Riding miagistrates were engaged at Bradford investigating the ciucanmstances of two highway robberies, accompanied with considerable personal violence perpetrated in that division of the West Riding. The facts of the first were as follow :-Joseph Fletcher, an elderly man, employed at the Low Moor fronworks, left Buttershaw-house, an ibn in the neighbourhood, at midnight on Saturday, and on proceeding along the Halifax and Bradford highway toirards his home he observed four men walkng in the same direction on the opposite side of the road. Three ofthese men were George Woodrow, a shoemaker, Joseph Bairstow, a miner, and Eli Fletch2r, also a miner. The latter is a returned convict, and narrowly escaped convictionL at the last York assizes, when his confederates were transported for savagely attacking Mr. prson, miller of Bralford. and robbing binm of 2501. The four men walvked on, followed by Fletcher at some 15 yatds distance, and vhen he got SOO or 400 yards on his way Woodrow crossed over, stared him in the face, and rejoined his companions. The fourth man leftthem as Fietclserwas goig to tiun dowvn a by-path to Low Moor, and Fletcher Ispoke to Woodrow, who, without replying, tripped him up. turew him apon his back, and all four attacked him. He screamed out, bait he w.as seized by the throat and nearly strangled, .and dirt was thrown in his eyes. They turned his pockets inside odut, stoslehei^ns knifne,aland. t Whes be recovered himself he sent inform.ation to fr. S. Bar tow,lh oanstable of the district, who took the assailants into custody. The presiding magistrate, Mr. L. W. auchsn, co-mmitt-ed themf for trial. The second andI more seios robbery occurred1 between Cleckbheaton and lowor Thomnas Gilmour, a brush hawker, residing at Bradford, quarrelled withfour men at a pseblichouse at Cleckheaton. on Tuesday week, and they carried off some of his brushes; these were returned, and they snbsequently dranktogetherat a beershop. Gilmour then left them, and pyroceeded along the road from Cleckheaton to low Mor. The anen overtook him. knocked him down and seriously inaltreatecl him. They robbed onh of 4s., all the mnoney he had, kicked him all over, and then one of them imcaimnedl. " rll give him hlid death blow," and gave huei another hic'k with all his force in the eide. Hle scrambled to the LowM oor station on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway when he had partially recovered his sensibility, and was sent to Bradford by the next train. He has since been under the care of 1r. R. O'Leary and Mr. Gordon, surgeons, who find the injuries to be of a most dangerons cbaracter. Three or four of his ribas ares injured. M1r. C. Inghain, the enperintendent constable of the division, took immediate steps to secure the apprehension of Gilmour's assailant-, a-nd Mr. Thornton, the constable at Cleckheaton, apprehended Saiinel. Savory, a tinner, and Benjamin Taylor. a labourer, both of Cleckheaton, who were immaediatelyidentified by the injuredman. The surgeons at the end of the'week certified that Gilinour had "eceived injuries daingerous to life, and lay in a 3most critical state ;" on Sunday he was somewhat better, but in the evening "the syanmtoms assmed a more dangerous character, inflammnalon of the In1 supervened." Yesterday afternoon Mr. W, Cheesebrougi, anzgistrate, tooi Gil. mour's deposition, the nfortunate man being still confined to hi bdinv a er pr-ecarious atate. He clearly identified thewo en n cstoy, and described the manner inv.'hich he had been so shhekingly kicked on the side, M. Lees, the grisoners' solicitor, stated thaAt there wabsa .er aosag feeliim of sympathy exiting in Cleckheaten for the men ing cutonsisando caoled silrea, many -witnesses toprove an alibi. Teresult, honever was thaen botpriners D were comn- RoYAL Boxuic SocszTY.-The thHr exhibition' this year of the Royal Botanic Society took place yesterday at the Royal Botanic Gsrdens, :egent's Park, and the show both of flowers am;d fruit was so goo, that many prize's, consistinz of gold,` silver, and aiiver.rgilt mnedals, were awarded. Prinice Owm of -Sweden, the Duke of Cain.. bridge, the Dukes and Daechesses of Sutherlaa and qt. AlItin'., and other meimn b aft4r bility vere presents
I . . T!M: BPRAZLL& tA summry of the folog, reeay,ea y electic t graph, appearedin ou:r jecosdeditioe o f yserdy :- ; -- SOUTHXPTO1 JULY 9 * ~ 1y the Royal Iffil teamship Tay, Captain BlrJdge4, with the Brazilian and River Plate mails, we have dates irron Buenos Aye, May 28; Montevideo, 31; Bio Jamr, June 14; Bahi 17 ; Pernambnoo, 19; St. Vinent', 27; Teneriffe, July 1; Madeira, 2; Lisbon, 5. : * The.Tay brings 132 passenges, and on freight about 10,031. valuie in specie, 4501. value in jewelry, and a taxi consisting of 103 Berons: of coehineal, 550 bales of tapio 32 serons of ipecacuanha, 3 quarter-osks of Teneriffe e and 11G packages of sakples. Intelligence from Bnenos Ayres is to the 28th nlt. TIn I local politics there is iothing new beyond the arrival- f Mnr Christie at Montevideo on his way to Panama. The French Minister, I lerebre de Bioonr, had not yet arrived. This mission had caused some sensation at Buenos Ayre$ W it was likely to strenglhen Urqulza. It was thought thfb 5ome attempt wauld be made by him to oblige BuenosAyrc5 I to rejoin the confederation, he having already, in anticip. tion of this mission, concluded the treaties formerly made. Both sides of the river -were perfectly tranqui and iz Montevideo the Oribe-F;lores influence wa stil predomin. aUt. The import-market lhad undergone no essential chage but it maintained a healthy -ton. The deaundkduring the beginning of XMy, both for the local nmrket and the inti. rIor provinces, was stewy and active, and but for the illansorted state of the dry goods' market a still greater amount. ni;ght have been done. There ws a scarcity of suitabie British manufactured goods. The Saladeros were killingery little, and everything except tallow maintained its price, Coal realized 15 to 16 hnrd dollrs per ton on board; salt, 10 to 10A silver reals pter fanega. Freights were quoted a£ 42s. Gd. to 45s. and 5 per centm for England. Exchange, 65s. to 65s. Gd. perdoubloon. The following British merchant vessels were at Bueno3 Ayres when the mails left :-Ocean Spritc, Fortuna, Ade' miral Napier, Ist"a, Ja mes Carthy, Johrn Bitson, SalaiaVenus, Annetta, Charlotte, Mfelody, 1elen Sophis5 Itoero, George Ann, GlenTilte and Ocean. Our dates from Rio ae to tho 14th inst. The empire continued healthy, snd the statements of the existence of yellow fever having apPeared are said to be false. The note addressed by the Minister of Great Bziti, to the Minister of Foreign Affairs had caused a great senstion. Her Majesty Queen Victoria's birthday wa% celebrated at Rio with great enthusiasm. Her MajesWs brig Express, we learn, had lost 32 hands and the first lieutenant from yellow fever. Exchange on London was quoted at 272 to 74.; Pars, 348 to 352; Hamburg, 655. The total amount upon london was calculated at 400,0001., of which 80,0001. were talken by the Treasury. In coffee business was veryrestricted; very little coffee had come down from the Sierra, and the new crop would be much later than in previous years The effects of a crisis which was about to take place in exports was being felt. The cholera had destroyed niany slaves on the plantations, andL some farmers had sold farm-slaves for fear of its ap. peariig in Brazil again and ruining thenm Coffee had become scarce, but prices were lower. The quotationr are :-Supericr, 5,200 to 5,400 per Tamar; 4,900 to 5,0ooo per Tay; first good, 4,V00 to 5,000 per Tamar; .1,600 to 4,700 per Tay; irst ordinary, 4,600to4,700 perTamar ; 4,400to 4,500 per Tay; second good, 4,200 to 4,400 per Tamar; 4,100 to 4,200 per Tay; second ordinary, 3,700 to 4,000 per Tamar; 3,400 to 3,600 per Tay; new, 5,200 to 5,300 per Tamsr; 4,750 to 4,950 per Tay. Discounts were S1 to 9 per cent. outside the bank, andE S per cent. in it. Freights to Antwerp 55s.; Channel, 55s, to 60s.; Hamburg, 50s. to 5Ss.; Bavre, 40f. ; London and Liverpool, 45s. to 50s.; Mediterranean, 55s. to 70s. ; ULited States, 70 to 125 cents. Stock, 6 per cent., 1In to 110. Provincial, :103 to 104. Shares.-Bank oE Brazil, 126 milreis premiun; Rural Bankl:, 185 cash; 2(X) end of the year; Don Pedro R-ilway, 2 premium; Generil Insurance, 86 (this day); Steam Packet, L140; Sovereigns, 9,000 to 9,200 reis. At Bahia a steady business was doing in dry goods and certain descriptions were selling at renmunerating prices. Shopkeepers, however, only bought for their immediate wants owing to the season for sales having far advanced, but an active demand for the north was expected for the coming season. Stocks wvere moderate, but the anticipated arrivals would amply supply the wants for the next two or th-ee months. In produce lit'le was doing owing to the scarcity of supplies, and after the news per Tay reached sugar, cotton, and tobauco had advanced, especially the former and latter articles. The quotations are asfollowsSugar, 2,400 to 2,600 per cwt. browns; 3,000 to 3,20D. whites. CottonsO-5,00 to 6,100 for Maceios end Babias. Tohacco-4,000 to 4,200 for seconds amd thirds, and 5,000> to 5,200 forfirst. Exchange, 271 to 27z. Freights, 50s. for the Channel and united, kingdom; 55s to the continent, witih extras to the Baltie. At Pernambuco there had becu limited arrivals of dry goods, and an improved demand. Sugars had advanced 50 to 100 since the Tay's arrival, but entries were small [owing to heavy rains. Whites -were quoted 3,300 to- 4,400 reis; browns, 2,1500 to 2,550 for Channels, and 2,WO to 2,900 for better qudlities. Shipments since thelst of Movember last, 47,500 tons against 50,400 during the same period of last crop. Cottons, 6,250 to G,45orcis; sales, of P;ariabas to some extenat had been miade at 57 f.o.b. and of Maceios, a t 6,600; hides, 200r. per lb. Freigats. -Cotton to IAverpooL, ild. and 5 per cent. per lb. sugar ballast, 10s. to 15s. Chamnel, 32s. Gd.; exchange closed for this steamer at 271d. cash. Intelligence from the Cane Verdce Ilands state- that the inhabitants continued to suffer much from famine and. sickness, and numbers had, left for St. Yincent's for the purpose of obtaining food and. employment. At Moontevideo were the British brig Star, United State? frigate Savannah and corvette Germantown, the French steamer Flambeau and brig Beaumanoir, besides several Brazilian men-of-war. When the Tay left Lisbon the French steamerPhdssix was the only foreign ship of war in port. The Finance Committee of Deputies had reported in favour of the bill for the loan of 330,0C01 for public works, and the Government had brought in another bill to be allowed to lend out of it 459. contos, about 100,0001., to the Santarem Railway Company, taking as security 5,000 unappropriated shares. Cholera. cases continued to appear, but it had not assumed an epidemic character.
T.HE FTRE,&CH TARIFF. TO THE EDITDOR OF THE TIMTES. Sir,-In yotir Satarday's (5th inst.) paper I was very much pleased and astonished to find the seemingly official news& copied hereunder as an extract from the Ga-Ctte. The immense importance of such a change from the abso. lute prohibition prevailing -sp to at present is obvious, and, having myself a special itnterest in it, I should feel obligeab by your giving some further explanation about the affair. I am, Sir, y our obedient servant, X. y. Z. I landnester, duy Di. " The Right Hon. the Lords of Privy Counei1 for Tradc and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Ambassador at Paris, enclosing a copy of a French. lTnpsrial degree fixng as follows the dutiie upon the nndermentioned articles:- *-Fabrics of cotton (other than nanlkeens), 85 percent. ad alorcsm. Fabrics of wool, 30 pei cent. ad raZorem. "To be converted into :1 fixed duty, to be determined by the C.'isultative Committee of Arts and lianufactu res. *Wearing apparel, 40 p3r cent. ad raZo ei."
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIATES. Sir,-In The !iimes of this day I find a repetition of the principal pointls of a leading article which appeared in the Aanchesfer Guarditan of 'Saturday last, to the efect that there was an extraordinary practice prevailing almong the druggists in Bolton-vi., the making up of large, quantities Of " tartarized antimony" for the parpose of selling to women to administer to their hus. bands "when they have been drinking." Wi.h all due respect to the editor of the AManches-er Guardian, I beg leave to say the statement is not correct, and had the editor of the .Mandtcster Guardian been aware of some evidence gis en by the principal vitness (but not stated at the inquest) he wvould have hesitated before maaking use of sluch sweeping remarks on the Rdulton Druggists." It A-as to this effect, that she had applied at one druggist and grocer's shop for the powder, and was refused, and to myh Lsiwledge she or some young wvoman applied about the same time at another druggist and grocer's slop, and they did not even kmowwhat it -Was. Row, why the editor of the Manchsctcr Guarndian shouldS throw dirt on al because one, two, or tiree grocers anid druggists in Bolton should do that which is derogatory to their standing as tradesmen puzzles me. And I furthermore state, as a Bolton druggist, I should not, and niever have sent out-any such quantity of tsrtarized antimiiony or other drug of such poisonouis smatre without a surgeoc's order, much less without wcitten or printed directionls. Miy reason for writing yen is that such stattements whern published in a paper like l'hc TPires are calculated t-o do me serious injury, and respectfully request youir publication of ths in your columnns. -. , BLAI. I 39. lIarkek . t Rrf-in -Ti- V X'S.-I send you - copy O-. ue -3010n Qwonice ; CoxiTY ColJTs.-A return, moved, for by Mr. - WViS(nS, M.P., showrs th&t the e8timt-ted cge -aPn the tub1io fuds to be entailed: hy the Cotunty Courta BUll, ori teforo Parliament. armount4: to 170,0004., of wbich 77,70TW vil1 hs paid out7 of the consoidate Luld, and 140,0j out of Pa:rL±xeutary j rrant&
asQY-MP.KTaud VITYINTE1LL,wY CDE. Wednesday Evening. The English funds opened steadily this morning St tlh final quotations of yesterday, and, although an improvement which saubseuently took place was mot fully maintained, the macicet closed wvith a firm ap:Mew=nce. Consols for money were first quoted S fo i, whence, in consequence of a few purchases, the advanced to 95. Some transactions comnected wsth the arrangement of the accodit, which takes placa to-morrow, then checked the tendency to fniniation,andthelast prices Were 95a for money,and 9G to i for the 7th of August. Consol Scrip left ofn th4 to ck-premium; Bank Stock, 217i todt18 d- radaced, 9S to n; ewt 4 per Cents.. 97 ton; annuities, 30 years, 18k; India Stock-, 233 to 23a; Inldia Bonds, 18s. to 22x premium; Exchequerbons;li, ioq- to As; and ExSchequer-bills5 16s. to 19s. Srexnium. In the Stock-Exchange there isa moderate demantd for money at 4& per cent. The discountanarket remains wzithout alteration. The paymaent of the dividends commenced to-day, but the applications were not numerous. Foreign securities were rather firmer this afternoon, bat the operations were no' extensive. Turkish Four per Cents, were more freely dealt in, the bargains for money being at l049, and for the account at 104,t, -, , and -,. In the Guaranteed Six per Cents, the operations were at 10Q, 106, and 1061. Tho general business comprisedGranada,_Deferred, 70: Peruvian Three per Cents., for the account, 57z; Sardinian Five per Cents., S93 and 92-1; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 24; and A ex.-div.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97; Duitch Four per Cent. Certificates, 97'; ramd Four-and-a-Half per Cent. Peruvian Dollar :Bonds, 5 and 61. The closing price of the French Three per Cents. yestsrday afternoon on the Paris Bourse exhibited a fall of a-half per cent. This evening the quotation zfor the end of thei month was 7. 60c., showing a furtier decline of an eighth. The letters from Paris mention the stoppage of -the banking firm of Messrs. Aliez, Grand, and Co. Their house was considered a respectable although not a leading one, but they have lately been much mixed up wnth new companies, the shares of which have proved unsaleable. This event, together dith a rumour of some unfavourable news from Aloiers, had produced the heaviness observable on the Bourse. Gold continues to be taken from the Bank for the purchase of silver, but, at uresent, in trifling zamounts. Larger sums will probably again be withdrawn, unless the demand should be met by Australian arrivals. A meeting of the shareholders of the Alliance {English and FRrench) Bank took place to-day, Mr. Alderman Eennedy in the chair, wvhen Mr. Stol;es, the ge- ant, made a statement wnith regard to the progress of business. Having explained the constitution of the company under the French lawv of -corandite, and referred to the dissent expressed by proprietors in this country who have not paid their calls, he mentioned that, with the view of satisfying all parties, the directors have considered it advisable to volunteer information. Operations have been commenced in Paris and London about -four months, which already exhibit a considerable profit. Relations, also, have just been opened - between London, Paris, and Constantinople, but -their results cannot yet be stated. The London and Paris business, which is connected wvith exchange transactions, the collection of biUs, the receipt of -dividends, and other ordinary banking facilities, shovws a gross profit of 8,0061., and, after deducting general current expenses of 7901., leaves a balance of 7,8161. Alowiing for a proportion of the preliumnary expenses incurred, stated roughly at 1,1S91., -the net profit would appear to be 6,6271.,-equal to -a dividend of 10s. per share, with a surplus of 1,6261. as the basis of a reserve fund. The points brougaht under consideration were the propriety of recommending the payment of a dividend by the French directors, who possess the management in Paris, the forfeiture of shares in arrear of calls, :and the increase of theEnglish council, two or three of the members having reired since the organization of the original board. In answer to questions, it was stated that the arrears of calls are about 12,0001., 88,0001. within a trifling amount having been paid up. Complaints were made by shareholders that they had been induced to subscribe on -the faith of certain names in the prospectus which were shortly afterwards withdrawn, but it was explained that in one case the removal arose from the party having onerous duties to attend to, while in the other there had been a mutual misunderstanding. A lengthened discussion ensued, and it was eventually determined to recommend the French -directors to postpone the'declaration of a dividend until the end of the year, to forfeit the shares upon which the second call has not been paid on and -after the Ist of August next, and to strengthen the English board by the addition of further names. One shareholder protested against any forfeiture, and urged that as he, with his friends, had been deceived, the call they had paid should be returned to them. The majority, however, expressed satisfaction at the statement made by the ggrant, and promised co-operation to support the undertaking. With regard to the absence of the quotation of the shares from the official list of the Stock-Exchange, it was represented to have occurred through some informality in the first application, and another application to the comrnittee was recommended. At a meeting of the Colonial Bank-, held to-day, Mr. Marryatt presiding, the dividend declared was -at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, and the report 'was unanimously adopted. It was stated that operations continue to be carried on with success, and that -the profits are steadily increasing. The loss by the forgeries at Trinidad, and the expenses attending the renewal of the charter, which is now granted in perpetuity, have been liquidated out of current returns. The amount of outstanding bad debts is 210,0001., to meet which there is an accumulated fund of 168,0001. The directors under the newv charter propose to place the accoumts in a form to -show the balance due on that item, and they hope eventually to be able to annoumce that the total has been provided for, and that their capital has been re-stored to its original sum of 500,0001. Annexed is an abstract of the report:- " The directors have much pleasure in reporting that the accounts of the half-year just terminated show, as far as they go, as prosperous a state of affairs as those of the corresponding penod of 1855. They therefore recommend that, out of the profits of the half-year ending on the 31st of December last, which, after maling provision for income-tax and for current doubtful transactions, amount to 20,68l., a dividend be made of 21 per cent., being at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum on the paid up capital of the corporation, which will require i2,5001., leaving -S,36S1. to be added to the fond to meet bad debts, which will then amount to 168,0801. It is with regret that the directors have to state that the bank has been a sufferer to the extent of 2,0267. by forgery in the island of Trinidad, vhich was discovered in the early part ofthis year, and that all endeavo..-s to ascertain the perpetrator have been hitherto unsuccek_ful, notwithstanding a reward has been offered by the bank, and a free pardon by the Governor of the colony, to any one but the actual forger who will give -such information as will lead to the conviction of the delinquent. The entire loss arising from this fraud, incladiag legal expenses, has, however, been provided out of current profits. In reference to the charter, the directors have to state that on the 29th of April last, being one day prior to its expiration, the act of Pariament forits renewal received the Rtoyal assent, and of adding that the expenses attendant upon their attempt to procure a simple renewal of the charenand those of obtaining that act inaquestion have aLso becen provided out of current profits. "DEBTs. -Circulation oh. ... 2 s. d. Deposits and other liabilities. ... 1,121,621 1 11 Faid-up-capital ...... ... ... ... 500,000 0 0 Fund to meet bacd ebts ...0 0 ... ... 159,71 12 6 Profib ... ... ... ... ... 20,88 11 6 £2,034,166 12 7 £ S. d. .Zpecie .. .. ..228,219 1.3 3 .Due to the bank in the colonies. on bills discounted and purchased, including those past due ... 849,615 7 2 Due to the bank in the colonies, on cas7 credits and current accounts .. 106,475 17 11 Due to the bank in London, on bills rexaitted, cash at bankers, &c. ... 842,931 9 9 Bank prenaises and furniture, in Lendon and thecolonies ... ... ... ... 6,904 4 6 £2,034,166 12 7 The Tay from Brazil to-day has brought 50,0001. The Catherine Adamson has arrived from Sydney, but the amount of gold she brings, if any, remains to be ascertained. The advices by this opportunity vill be nearly three weeks later. The amount of gold by the ic -Admiral Gobius fromHobart Torwn is stated to be 50,000O. lThe amount paid into the Treasury of the East t India-house for bills' on India, from the 25th of June to the 9th of July, was 59,0941.
RA ZLWA YANID MTiYIZG SHARES. Wednesday Evedng. The railway-Insaket was generally firner to-day, and prices in the later hours exhibited a further tendency to advauce. The leiading descriptions, including London and North-Western, Crledonian, Brighton, South-Yestern, North-Eaitern, and South-Eastern presented a more favourable appearance. Indian share were. well Xupported, with a fair amount of business. French and Belgian show7ed little variation. Riga shares experienced a further advance, and were last quoted 5 to i pm. Australian land and bank share were carcely EO well supported. In miscelaneous securities there was no material change. Ottoman Bank left off 3a to 44 pm.; Bank of Egypt, if to X pm.; NationaI Discount Company, 1. to I pm.; Pernambuco, 1W to t pm.; Lo)mbardo.Venetiauy 6ito a pm.; Ceylon, 1 to - pm.; B3ank of Switzerland, par to +pm.; lasternBeng~al, Ato2ipm.; Euphrates Valley, i to: pm.; and Metropolitan Guaranteed, 4 to I* pm. oPRD)IAfY SHAiT3 3~I 8O&S.
TBRADE BEPORT. Wednesday Evening. SuGa-There is still a good deal of inquiry, and the orders from the countrv to-day aro extensive. Sales in many instances have been made pri vately, at an advance of 6d. per cwt. on yesterdafs rates. There was only one public sale of 312 hhds., and 180 barrels Parto Rico, which sold as follows:-Middling gray, 45s. 6d. io 46s. G; middling to bright yellow, 46s. Gd. to 4£s. 6d.; 599 hhds. West India have been sold. Privately a floatinig cargo of Havannah, about 3,000 boxes, has been disposed of at 32s. 3d. per cwt., for the united kingdom for No. II; a cargo of molasses has also been sold. COETEE.-Shippers continue to b-ay freely, and 243 casks and 132 baos plantation Ceylon sold at full rates-viz., 60s. 6d. to CA8. for fine fine ordinary to good middling. sicE.-The market is firm, but little offering at present prices; 2,200 bags and 460 pockets Bengal were chieflytaken in at lils. 6d. for middling white, sad Os. 6d. for Ballam ; 560 bags (Lombock) Java Were also bought in above the market value. Privately 4,0 bags have been sold; Bal. lam at 9s. to Os. 3d., and Bassein 9s. Sd. to 9s. 9d. per cwt. SALTPEThE.-In good demand at againhigher rates; 700 bags having been sold at 33s. to 34s., 5} to 2 per cent. refraction. JuTE.-Of the unusually heavy sales brought forward, comprising acarly 12,000 bales. about half found buyers, in some instances at a shade easier rates, 13!. to 22/. per ton for common to fine. INDIGo.-(2d Day.)-Passed this morning, 1,712 chests, of -which 785 are sold, 537 withdrawn, and 390 bought in. More steadiness has been shown this morning; importers have given regular support to their marks, and prices have ranged from May rates to 2d. to 3d. per lb. lowve; buyers acting with confidence. COCurxasi.-82 bags in auction mostly sold atfirm prices; 33 bags Teneriffe good silver 3s. lCd. to 3s. lld.; 29 bags black, 4s. 2d. to 4s. '7d., and 20 bags Honduras silver, 3s. 9d. to 3s. lid, for ordinary to middling. TAas.Iow.-The market has been firm to-day, in consequence of the advance at St. Petersburg; 49s. to 50s. is paid on the spot, and the sameprice for the end of the year closing, sellers at 50s. for that period.
STATE OF TRADE. NOVURSTGRAAL JULY 9. The lace tade is quiet, but for articles for home consump. tion there is a fair demand, as also for narrow silk edgings. The trade in plain nets still continmus healthv. Some orders from the United States are now executing. In consequence of the high price of silk manufacturers will not speculate at the present rates, and some are altering from siLk to cotton. En hosiery there is less doing. The cotton drawers and pantaloon branch is 'dat, and the operatves are not so well employed now as they were a few weeks ago. Upon the whole, however, there is a fair averae business doing in both the lace and hosiery trades, taking into consideration the season of the year.
RALWAYsN INTELLIGZNCE. ' - ITMT.TxT A Wn wriflTrnMr The report of the committee of shareholders appointed to investgate the affar of this company states that the sum of 41,9341. for the expenses of the act of incorration, as well as the sam of 7,2651. under the head of Dahlia and Kingstown ailway,whichb.long properly to theDublin. Wicklow, Wexford, andWaterford Company, wererincurred in the year 1846 and have boen more tbbn liquidated bythe smm received by the company for shares which have been forfeited and extingaished, and which form no part of the resent capital of the compay. The siUnII. of .36,235?. Parflamentary and law expensesrbaa engaged the anxious consideration of the committee. They find thata sufi of nearly 20,000?. has been paifitoM3esars. Huntand Co., theauolicitors of the company, 3,850?. of wrhich. they received in shares, and that no effort has been made to reduce their demanda or even to examine or test the propriety of their charg; a further srun of 10,6951. remains to be paid to Messrs Hunt and others under the head of Parliamentay d law expenses, exclusive of costs due to Xessrs. Hunt for business since August last. The committee tecommend that steps be taken without delay to close the solicitors account and 'tosubmit the costs now furnished and unpaid, amounting to 5,797?. to the eammination of a competent person. The sum of 2,3071. is charged for a proposed bill to extend the railway from Wicklow to Woodeubridge, and Parlia3mentar' broceedings incidental thereto; Mlr. Bruners charge foi the same is 411?., making together 2,700?. This expenditure was useless, as the bill, though lodEed in Parliament, was not proceeded with. - With reference tothe item of 20,22714 for engineering expenases the committee express a hope that this costly source of expenditure will be closed before the next half-yearly meeting. T present annual expenditure under this head amounts to 1,4wl., including 300Q. a-year to Mr. Brunel as a retaining fee, in case his services should be required at any time. T'he expenditure for office expenses and direction, amounting to 17,327L, appears to have been on a scale quite unsuited to the object, extent, and position of the comnany. The committee find that the entire sum under this head amounts to 20,000?., of which the secretary has received 6,900?., the London office 3,000?., and the directors 4,300?.; and thevare of opinion that considerable reductions may be made in this branch of expenditure. The salary of the secretary, including the rent of his house, amounts to 7401. r annum, and the sum of 550?. is allowed to the directors, of which 1001. is paid to the chairman, who resides in London, besides his travelling expenses, whenhe goes to Ireland on the business of the company. From the result of most careful inq,uiry the committee are of opinion that a sum of 150,000?., m addition to the presert capital of the company, will cbe required to meet the liabilities of the company and to complete the line. This includes the cost of the extension to Harcourt-street and the constraction of a terninal station there. The committee recommend that thu business of the company be entirely carried on in Ireland; that the outstanding accounts be settled with the least possible delay, especiallythe solicitor's claims - that the remuneration to the directors be 5001. a-year, Payable according to the number of director'si attendances; and that the payment of 100?. a-year to the clhairman be discontinued. They recommend that the future saLry of the secretary be 300?. -year; andthat the engineering epenses be reduced to 2001. a-year-thus effecting a saving under these two heads of more than 1,500?. a-year; and that the permanent way and locomotive departmentsbe placed under the control and management of one officer. The committee recommend alterations andimprovements in the half-yearly statement of the accounts. They state tuat the differences with the Dublin and Kingstowu company have been arranged, and that possession of the line was to be given on the 1st of July, which was obtained accordingly. On the execution of the lease of the Dublin and Kingstown line thefollewing sums would have to be paid-namely, 16,0001., or one half-year's rent, in advance; 5,000., the expenses of the Kingstown station, as completed; 2001. for the cost of the lease; half the deficiency on revenueto 56,000?., for the year ending the 9th of July, 1855, which amounts to 2,825. as well as two annuities of 7001. each to Messrs. Pim and Bergen, to commence on the execution of the lease. The commuittee warn the proprietors in the strongest manner against pernstting the funds of the company to be squandered in extension schemes, such as that to Woodenbridge, already mentioned, and consider it probable that the landed and other interests of Wicldow and Wexiord will themselves unito to form any railway that may be required to accommodate their district in connexion with the main line of tho Dablin and Wacklow Company. They are of opinion that the policy of the board should be for the present to foster their own undertaking, and devote all their energies to develone its dormant resources, discountenancing all projecs of extension on the part of the directors at the expense of the company, and avoiding the fatal course that has led in as many instances to the ruin of railway companies. The committee, in conclusion, express their confidence in the ultimate value of the line and the certainty of its paying a remunerative dividend at no distant period vwhen the legitimate traffic shall have had fair opportunity and adequate facility for its development. DARLINGTON AND BARNARID-CASTLE. Thb ceremony of opening this railway throughout from Darlington to Barnard-Castle took place on Tnesday, when a special train, consisting of 11 carriages and two vans, containing the directors and many of the shareholders, the directors and shareholders of adjoining lines, and a number of influential gentlemen from various parts of the countzry, proceeded alone the line amid general demonstrations of rejoicig. The train left the station at Darlington shortly after 9 o'clock in the morning, and the dsy being extremely fine a beautiful view of the country was obtained. The station at Barnard-Castle commands al extensive prospect of the surrounding country. On aniving at BarnardCastlo the directors and their friends were met by a procesbion of the inhabitants, who accompanied. them through the streets to the magnificent structure erected to the memory of the late Thomas Witham, where a splendid dijcsun- vwas provided. 3Mr. Kirby, solicitor, presided ;and, afterparraking of this substantial entertainment, the directors and their friends returned to Darlington. The line is worked by the Stockton and Darlington Company for 50 per cent. of tho gross receipts. The line is a singie one, 16 miles in length, and has been constructed at a cost of 120,0001., or an average of 8,000?. per mile. Provision has been made, in the construction of the bridges and other vorks, for converting the line into a double one as soon as the traffic of the districts has been so far developed as to justify the additional expenditure. The heaviest gradient on the line is 1 in 83. The population, isicluding the townsat the te±adni ofthe line, amounts to about 20,000, w ho will now find three passenger-trains daily placed at their disposaL. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. Mnes Faas- Tcr- Total,Tetal. tailwsays. open. asgers. chandise. I550 155i. Week ending June 26. MariaAntonia ... -. ....... .. - 307. 250 Week coding June 28. Cirka and eandon .. .. 20 .. - .. - . 29D .. 239 ErAnburgh and Glasgow -- 142 . . .. U263 .. 46S1 Week ending June 29. Caaedonian .. .. . 191 - .. -. 2,220 .. 11,12 NorthStaffordshire* -- 233 7- . - . - 7996 - .6935 Great Northern -- . - 23 .. 321,257 .. 20,656 Week ending June 30. North Devon -. -. 35 -. -22 5 Week endIng July 5. CorskandDandon . . .. -- .. 310 .. 262 Cark, Blackrock, and ras- sage -..-.. -.. -410 214 Belfast adBellnena . - .. - . - -. 3148 933 Week ending July 6. London and South-Western - ..16,250.. 4,050 .. 2D.29i -.16,S37 LondonandNorthlWesterut 633 .. - .. - . 66,14S .. 63,653 Manchester, Sheffield, and LincoDlshi-1re 3 .. .. 173 - - - 10,006 9,171 Belfmst and County Down - - - .. 321 301 t Exclusive of traffic due under agreement amith the London and North-Western Railway Company. t The returns from the 1set of July. 1856. induCe Ihothin the present and coreesyonding wveekel the traffic of the Buckiachainehire and North Union Lite,. hut not the traffic of the Rluddereflead Canal, tShropsehireUnion. reston and Wyre, South Juratuon, and Mrauches,- ten and Boxion RailwayndAt,,nhani t InClUding half of the ganehester, south Junction, andAcltrinptsm receipts, Grimeshy Dock duties, and Chester3celd Canalreeeipts.
Advertisementj-Day ancl Son's Gallery of Fae-simile rEtngs byemientIiingMasters.-Engouraged by the apprba. tion acocorded to the imany imiitation drawings latl ypuhhbelBWoand feeling that the process is capable of far higher results, Mewes Dlay andSom. litbograpbers othe Queen. desirous of carryiug-the chrmoe. lithograpie art to its utmuost liita, have resolrsed upon issuin,fm time to time, perfect fac-simaile3 of well sele-ted exanmples of th bmed living miastems it is intended that the chromno.Ilthograpajo facBisimles shall be of a .Aie, and possesaed of power of colour suitable for framing as pictures usually ara framedl. and from the great care. labour, alnd excease that vileoincurred in the production of eachL exaLmPle, the resemblance to the originais ws-il, to2 the most mainute glrtinClh&Mbeo perfect as to deceive, not alone, the unin-itiatest eye, uttose of tho amnateur and the artist. T2535, then. all lovers of MSt in its own colours," 'wil at a emall cost, be enabled to hang upont their walls (aud gradually form picture galleries)aoonuterparts of work that have cost smum sraxing frm on,1 to 3.tDe guineas. T'hsftolowing ait-ins aenweady :.-Louls Haghe, "The Happy Trio." size, ~1x2A; oa mont,30 + 37; price, £3 33, or profs. £6 OS.- W. V Prth, t.A."Olly Vardeo." oral Sime lIX X 148:; on a mount, 22)c 30; p Ice £t ., or proofs +;2 2s.-J. liant, " vlavinis, oval size,6lxlsa: n aount, 22 X30; price, £2lIs, or proofE, £2 2. Te flloingamong othiers are preparng -:-P. F. Pools, A..I.A. "Te RggePath," size, 19w+ 23A: on a mount, 27 X 35: -prce.£22s. orProfs £ 4s.-Louls kaheb frosm a dmraing painted for he uee, ad Hr Majesty's Prpreprt, "1The Contirmation of her oya Isighu te rincess Royal" sie,1 x 18; on a mount, ect redes..I 3.,or proofa, £02 2s. The wliole of the above sub. in fac-ennileby Mr. C. Itisdon. Dlay and Son, itorheeto the Quen 6,Gate-street, Luoaain~ls [Avrieent.} e new novel" "Evelyn, 31;%nton." by the antheor of " Emilis Wyda, snw sdpr at alt the libraries in 3vol&. OpHoins o h rs:"Oeofth hrbitter elau of thisi writeces novelo."-Examiner. "The auto ha made in ' TelIx Yacstan' a considerable adTince over heb ae8 lton.-lettr " A sorettfe. cA2m ietthe beUte lproductions of the auth.r.--Johu ul 'vlnMeao'i stl of surcess, froin its brillilut style, ita deph0 ~eit n nes interest."-Sun. Als, to-morrow, in 2 ioe,"h on od"1 the authog og "Thu Dliscplinx ofLL,ae u adleet
BAIK OF zo.ADoy. I Head Baning-hoaxi Tb.Mdmee. - Stweot; 1 BM&an At ~~~~(o. 4.50, Wea Stumd. .At ai Gebrl leetlix of the SraboIdm. hld at the Iondou TATM. Disha te ekn. on Tuesdy. the 8th ofJuJ, IS5. F= =r e a r J Viflie,. 8helIy Pirt. M,L.,n tbe chair. - And upwards o D ieto Alte sanuheatession ot the Register of Shareb , by ing tbe Common Beat o the com1pay, the following repot Wred b thefiecretar:r- " The hAier Of Iacesr'peton tied to the Bank pevideuthg tbe accounts be made uptothe 3hof.June andtbe 3id toeeex in each year. The Bkn baring commenced butines on the 22d ot ABd; 1855, tho frt settlemet of the accunts took lacIe euthe mat *ot Decemberinthat rearr bet the tme wrhich had then eard sies the eniny ws rito renio>derti desirable 1oct11 the mopretrye T4 en montnare o pe sine the commentement of busnes, anfithe D iretr lars the pllemasre of meeting tbe fthrcec4derms resent their siat aspect, w^ith a statemenetof aconsw to the 30tih of d une, 1i§S6. " The progress whichx the Dank ha bmadne in the acqudtolton of bust. ness has hoen me t aatiufcto,-rWhether it be conidered in referenoe o te amount of that bWnes, or its stey an coutimued increse to tho present time. On the 3lrtoe Deceuber, 155, Il e., after four moLtbha traing) the amount due by the Bank on current and other account was £611,948 10k. IOkL: three mouths later, viz,, onthe Slst of March. 186, the amount stood at £956.9CS 3d.W ; while on the 30th of June, 185, it amounted to £,IttJ9S1it 1,la The accounts noir presented to the shlreholde.s howthat, fter PaYmento tcustomers ox a aum of £1,8 2. Id. for interest allowed on their balances, there remains a sum to be carried to ' proDt and losa' of £37.417 1SL 7d The apisroirtlon of thin ameouzt has received the attentive consideration of the Directo " By the Charter of Incorporation they are required to form a reserTe or guarAntee fund to guard against contingenciex, and are empowered, if they shal see fit, to abetain from declarlng any dividend for the rstyear,and to carry all the prodia to the reserrs fond. Booking, however, to the satisctoy crnemmencemeatwhichRhi boon mae, the Directors feet iout notneseoeacytoreort to the p -car - tino eonn h hoeoftefssa' rft;* thesaame timethey desire to act with all due caution in making the present appropriation; and aft2er mzature deliberation, they hare arrived at the followin concluions, which they have the satisfaction to announce to the shareholders. *Ithasbeen resolvefithat outof thesum of ;£17,4l711e. 7d. carried to profit and loes ccount there be appropriated the sum of 6,720 12s. 7d. for current expenses, income-ax, and for bad and doubtful debts - that £6,265 12f. . be cmned to profit and loe new acconut, asreobat ofinterest on bilts discounted not yet due: that£l,000 be appled towards writing off preliminary and buildin exPenses th3t out ofthe sum remaining tbere be now paid a dividend afkr the rate of £5 per cant. per annum (free of income-tax from the dnte of the commencement of busines -: that£8,08 be applied asthe basis of a reserve fend: and that the balance, £l868lC0s. 7d, be carried forwArd to account of he next half-year. "The charter alsorequires that the auditorz now to be elecied by the proprietors shall be allowed 28 days for the performance of their duties, and an adiourment of the meeting wiil conEequently be netessary. As it wil be oheiously conveient that in future yearn the audit of the accounts should precede the decleration ora dividend, aresolution wiU ho submitted to the meeting for their approval, enabling the directore to caU the annual general meeting at some period between the Ist and ISth of August in each yer, by which meAns t'e accounts to the Ith of June annualy maybe presented to the sharaholders. duly oerifiea by the auditors; such em arrangement is impracticable on this occasion in cosequerone of the provisions of the chartcerrequiringthe ifrst meet. ing to b held before tlle 10th of July, I5 "The three Directos whowiil retire in compElance with the provisous of the BankingAct, wiU be Jeremiah Groatorex, Rsq.. Charles Joyce, Rsq.. and HenryfMorris, REq.; as, however, an adjournment of the meeting is neeaeary for the purpose previouoly elted it is not proposed that such retirement shall take effect nmt,l the adjoumned Meeting. " It ist e intention of the Dlrecton in fnture to delare a dividend half-yearly,prodided the profile of the Bank shall justify themin so doing, the DDrdtaporo;rtation of the y's profits being declared after the 39th June in eachi-ear. Ito s gratiyindg tou thaD ; 0tos to ac wledgoth0cve ande7e benefical oO-operation of the shareholdters in the acquIrement of hen-w nse,s and the Directors, relying upon such continued exertions, assre theproprietoro tha ttheir best energies shall ho devoted to making a safe and profitable use of the resources of the Bank]' BAils OF LOIIDONf. Dr tabIlittia ad Assets, 30th of June, 1856, To capital psld up .. . . . . .£3500,00D O O To amount due by the Bnlk on current aneL deposit accounts .. . . ..36S Sil 17 3 To amount crried to credit of' profit ani losne account (afterpaymentto customers onf£9,56 Sos. Id, for interest on theirbalanre. 37,417 15 7 C_. £1,701,259 12 10 By investments. Tvrz-. In Government securities .. .. £112410 911 lu other securties ........... .0. ° 37 IS 7 .- 78 133 8 6 By bills discounted, lenin and cash .. 1 81 3 By Bank premise, Threadneedle-street ifre-hold) ..... . . . . 68,50 0 0 By building expenses,furnitre, dfittiogs, &c. ThreadneedleastreetandCharing. cross .£7,89 14 0 Bypreliminary expen#se viz. deeadof settlement, charter. advertising, fe. 7,385 1D 1 15,196 9 I PIROFIT AND L083 ACCOUJ. To current expenses, bad and doubtful debts, income taz Sc. , .27 Torebate of interest on bis disc sntednot 3t due, £7 carried to profit and loss new aomunt .. . . . 6,265 12 5 To amount written off building and preliminary ex- penses I,000 0 0 To a dividend attherete of5 perent.perannumsfcom the opening ofthe &o 3n} .. . 128 0 To amount carried to resere fond,. .000 0 0 To umappropriated profitscrriedforward tonext half- year .285 10 7 £37.417 15 0 Bybalancebronchtdownn .£57,1715 7 The report having been read, It was moved by the Chpiewnsn, eeconded by Mr. Samuel Sn dena movedysupportedsby r. Thomas HBronne and JamesEIughes nderdon, Esq.. and carried uanimously;- "That tbe report now read he recpined at they eepand e eopm of to acie proprietor." announcedriveddnd prnte and sent The Chxirman sged aimd mna that the dividend wtoud be Dayable on and after Tnesday. the olthinst, at the Head Bsaning house. in Threadneedle-st.eet. The feeting then prooeeded totbe election of Auditors, when it wnr movedby James heghes Anderdol merq., RecondedrPo sae 'i,Go emanEsqn.. ond esosead sdoCntusuedya "*That three Audino-be nowr appointed: that they bcplsdtheeum of 20 guineas each for each half-y2arly audit, upon the account being examined and signed; and that in the event of any audetor becoiing bankrupt or insolvent or otherwnse disqualifying, his plac be filled up at the nea t ensuing meeting, whether suehd meeting he special or generaL" The olDowing shareholders wMere nominatedrfor the offli of Auditor, viz, Charles Wshetarn, Sanmbet Emero,rted Porter, George Thomson, John; Johnson. and Willam Tredway Clarke, £equires;anda showlo hand being tkaen the Chat an declared RobertPorter, eiq. Gteorge Thmson, e q.. and John Jobnon Esq., duly elected. It was moved by Edward TyrreLo <eq.e City thepembror ert and Iecondedby Pobert Porter. Esq., and rtsoltedunanlmofsly; *'That the beet th3n!;s of thinsmeeting are duo to the Directors for their judicious and s uccesful administration of the affairs of the Blank pnd that the sum of £2,500 be appropriated t or their remuneration during the past esr~ and that £3,101 per annum be paidto them in future, until it ihall be otherwise determined by the preprietory." It wan resol edc unanimously.-" Tht the thanks of this meeting be tendered toSir John Vlliers3 Shelley, Bet, M.P., for his abl.eand impartial conduct in the chair? It wos also resolved unanimously,-" That the thanls of the meeting begivento Matthew MarIsL jun., Esq., manager. and to Benjamin Scott Eiq., secretary, for thozeai asd ability which they have exbited in the performance of their duties zo the Bank. It was then moved by the Chairman, and seconded by W. G. B. Gonton Eq '-Thst this meeting be adQoumed until the 8th day of August. at 12 o'clockprecisely, to receive the report of the Auditors upon the accounta now eubmittd to the proprietoes and to proceed with the remaining bhsiness of thib meeting.", The meeting wan then declared aejboumred accordiRgly. Extractedfron 1the minutes. BENJAMIN SCOTT, Secretary.
TErE Ro31 HunrA7, SocrETY.-A half-yearly general Court of this society was held yesterday, Mr. B. B. t:abbell, Mi.P., in the chair, wrhen the honorary silver medal of the society was awsarded to the followving oersons, w ho had show n exstraordinary courage and humanity, by riskingt their own live3tosave those of others :-To John Dickson, fireman of the steamer Iona, -who sayed a child aged six at Kyles of Bate, Argyleshire, on the 9th of October, 1855; Mr. W. Howarth, acting mate of Eer Majests ship Blazer, who saved Patrickl iyan, A.B. of the same vessel, at sea, off Gottland, on the 24th of August, 1850; Lieutenant HL E. Belson, r.N., of Her Majesty's ship Neptune, who saved Villiam Mortimer, ordinary seaman of the same vessel, in the river Tagns, Lisbon, on the 1st of December, 1855; Lieutenant H. Martin, R.A., who saved J. Twiggs at Argistole, Cephslolu, on the 21st of October, 1855; Comnmander C. Wake, :.N., and James Pingle, AB., of Her MTajesty'sshioE anniba}, who saved MIaurice Hood, a seaman of the isnme vessel, at Smyrna, on the 12th of December, 1855; 31r. . Marillier, master of Rotherhitho Grammar School, who saved Easter E. W. Craigie at Harrow-park on the 21st of December 1855; Mr. Joseph Wallis, master of Her Mfajesty's ship Alarm, who saved Walter Jackson, a seaman of the same vessel, in Stanley-harbour, FalkiandIslands, on the 10th of November, 1855; Mr. T. E. &orges, medical stuldent, who saved Gsspere Guaarnerlo in 1'lenix-park, D ablin, on thne 14th of January, 1858; the Rev. Henry Robinson, hL d c., Chaplain to the Forces, who saved sBilliam Evans in Valetta-harbour, at Mlta, on the 1st of February, 1856; Lieutenant H. P. Beresford, ceN., of Her Majest's ship Media, who saved Private Robinson Royal Mrines, of the same vessel, in the Bosphorns, near Constantinople, on the 5th of February, 1855; and Mr. Robert Hudson, jun., 'who saved a young man mn the Coves~ at Ilfracom'e on the 27th of August, 185a. DivocEx &em MarnmxoNxu CAUJSES Br.-Feow persons, however disinclined to thenshudy of st atutetlaw ill beindifferent to the fate ofrteflivorce and Matrimonial Causes Bill, just hiought dowrn from the House of Lords for the sanction of the Commons. The act will come into operation next Nlew-year's day. The jurisdiction nowr vested in the ecdesiastical courts, in respecm of divorces a e asd ona thero, SuitS of )nullity of marriage, of jactitation of marriage, for restitution of conjugal rights, and all juisdicthon in matuters matrimorial, is to cease and deterniine, aDd anerw " Court of Divorce' is to be established. The Lord Chancellor, the Lords Cbief Justices of the Court of Queen's Bench a ena Cmm^o Pleas, the Chief aryTon of the Exchequer, and the Dean of the Arches *ill he the judges of the said court, and any three of them will form a quoram. The Dean of the Arches (anho mnst alwys attend th courtas one of the judges) will be called the "Judge Ordinary" of the Court of Divorce, and have full authority without theconctrrence of any otheru fdge,to he radetermine all matters arisiabtherein,exoeptuetitionsfordissolvinr any marriage. The MLster of the .olls, or anyisuperior judge, may act in the absence of the Judge Ordinaty. The Conrt of Divorce is to proeeed and givre relief on the principlea and r-ules of the ecclesisastical courts. The Court may ordertpayment of *limony to wives, and pronounce divorces a Aner4 ATW Aoro, in wThich latter case the wife will be considered, witi respect-to properati as a femme solc, so long as the separation continues. -The Court may dissolve mar riages on the ground of a wife's aduiltery or a husband's commission of inceAst, biga"my, or adultery-with crueltyF, on the petition of tl.e parties. In this case, also, alimony may be secured to the divorced wiFe. Alter a decent interval the divorced paties mayre-marry, hut with the -express provision that itwill not be lrawfull for the adulterer to intermarry with the wem ai by himn sduced, or vi*e 'i'-5 . To -the chUldren of guilty pawrents is secured the privilege of the protection of the High Court of Chanccery, if the Courtt of. 'Divorce see fit-to apply for it. Questions of fact may be referred to a common -jury, if the C ourt 5ee fit. Al adVocates or proctors, as wle as all beuiters and solicitors, will be entitled to practise in the -new court. An appeal from the decrees of the C'ourt of Divorce wvill lie to thte HIouse of lords. tAdvertiaement.J-The Royal Agricultural Societyr of Englad', ShlseTo I1^ernrs, Ar,iculturai Implement3akerra nd General AdyerUaerse Sta-l'he "6aday Cijaca. the ltesg.eekly praper in Iondon, wilt centain a fulvllePert of the great, sfeting at Ch2lm9iford sar1dv;5grAn aceountof the 'Trial of tbn4emnt nhAb the Puriz Cattl. ad ev ery inirmonatiora saiatseg to argncituese Twro pri7escfllb5eivcl'y tlmerropristora of ib iSsaday Timee for the prr ayrtteutell*ae Steaeter{t a*l tbcssrr. O,8n8-- ssext conlz tit: ain fu5x,17 ofte Laiases. all the ltetin iMgees.e oftbew5.sy appliratiUfarnurtoriron of iIlusSraedbU'ti*iate. t; tS UW l glee1 atu
t THE BT2AMBOQA COLUSION fOTHNKE -Zr. INQUEST ONT THE BODIES. LIVERPOOL, ULY-9 The inquest on the bodie3 of the i unfortunlaerish.. men who died from injurie suained in the collision of the ion siteambots Mail and Exeel%ior, on the lta on. Sunday mornIng, was continued to-day before Mr. Cur and a respectabe ary, in te Crown Cou, St, George's-hall. Mr. Blair, burister, instructed by Nesws. Dunean, Squar)y, amd Duncan, watthed the caae on behalf of the owners of the Mail; Mr. Aspinall, inatrted by Mans. Iow (les, Bateson, and Mibinaor, for the owners of thw Excelsior; M1r. T. S. Raillae instruted by Mr. Jenz Yates, jun., for the representatives of the deeased - ad Mr. B.remner, attorney, for Brewer, the pilot who was in. charge of the Excelsior at tho time of the collision. Captain Cooke, superintendent of the pilots of liverpool and 3Mr. Hodpon, larbour-mnaaer, sat on the bench, assisting tho coroner and the jury with models and chet show. in the po6itions of the vessIss sathe evidence proceeded. The court was crowded, and the greatest interest war manifested throughout the liaring. The jury hatving been to inspect both vessels, for tha purOe of making theaselvts acquainted with the position. of tneh g.i Josehe ailey, the captain of the Mail, Wa swo. Hei suid,-_ vam nLmter of the iron screw steamer Mail, 194 tons register, plying between Dublin and Liverpool. The crew,, including officers, consits of 16 men. 'There are two en- mines of 30-horse power eacb. We sailed from Dublin co Saturday, at 155 p.m., with 76 deck-passengers, eiht, catle-dealers, and four cabin- ngen We hbd a fair wind, but took the sails in. The chief-officer (White) wa on the first nightwatch, which consisted of chief-officer, carpenter, and two salors on the look-out on the forecastle. One of the sail'ors was at the helm. When the night set iza we had our usul hts all right. We approached the Mersey by the Rock channel, all going well till we got there. We rounded the Reck light at 1 30, half au houir after entering the channeL At that time the boatswain, Thomcs Curney, wras in charge of the helm, and all hands were then on deck, in accordance -with cuatomn on. coming into port. We kept as close to the Cheakira shore as 'we could get. Immediately after roundrin the Rock light the chief officer reported a steamer coming down the river, about half a point on our port bow. We were going at faUll speed at that time. I then distnctl observed the three lights of the steamer. The hea"4 of the Mail was S., a little westerly. I was tdin close to the man at the wheel, in the cuntre of the vessel. which was tne most commandling plceo for a look-out. The strange steamer was then about a mile off. It was a little cloudy, not to say dark. Tbre position No. 3 on the Ad. miralty Regulations is the nearest approach to the positions of the steamers. My lights were properly placed, and had. been trimmed about half-an-bour before. l donot know, of my ov- knowledge, that they had been trimmed so recently, but was told so. The other steamer was coming stem on, a little on the port bow of the MaiL Immediately I sawher I gave direchions to port the helm, and it was ported. I was standing alongside the man at the wheel. The vessel immediately answered to the helm. The effect woul4l be to allowr the other Tessel to pass on the port; side. Thel chief officer reported a ship at anchor right ahead, and I gave orders to steady the helm in order not to pass over her, and the moment we had cleared her on the east, or Lancashire side, the helm wan again put to port. I lost sight of the red light (on the port. side) ol the steamer; and, knowing from that that he musS havest arboardedhis helm, Igave ordersto "slow" and"stoo' at one breath. I then saw the other steamer coming rig=t on our port bow about a quarter of a mile off. My,chie£ officer was close by the forem;ast, on the spar deck, which I should think is six or seven feet above the maii deck. I heard t;he chief officer hail the steamer to port his helm. There was no reply. The way of the Mail was deadened a good deal. We ha not time to reverse, as the collision occurred within about a minute after the engines were stopped. At that time I believe tho other steamer was going full speed. She stbuck us on our port bow, and rnm the cutwater to -within three or fest of our foremrst, tearing up the dsck and cutting through the iron nearly to the water's edge. The windlass was upset, and forced through the hatch on to the people below. I went and rendered every assistance below. T he moment she cut into us we hailed to know her name, and the answer was, " Excelsior." The collision took pltce near the Cheshire side, abouts a quarter of a mile from lowrwater marl. At the time of the collision it was within fiver minutes of high water. We might have gone closer in, but vessels lay at anchor, and we could not do so with safety_ The bower anchor and chain of the E3xcelsior got over our pawl-bit, and became entangled. They hauled up -15 fathoms of their chain, unshackled it, and left it with us before they could get free. They also left their bower anchor with us. After getting free the FEcelsior stayed a short time off the old maganes, at New Brighton, and then went on. The collision took place about three minates after we had passed the vessel at anchor. That vessel was the brig Maria. When the vessels struck the Mail uras; heading right for the Cheshire shore. I saw then the Excelsior's green light, and that only. After the vessels had' got clear of each other I saw that six of the deck passengers had been killed and a number of others very badly hurt. I went to Clarence Pier-head, andx landed them before going into dock. The dead bodies wera taken to the dead-house, and the wounded were removed -to, the Northern 3iospital. 1 have had todo with steamvessels about 20 years, during five of which I have had command of one. I had not a pilot on board at the time. I have not acertificate to pilot my ovu vessels. When apilot hails me I take him. I am not compelled to take one, if he does not offer his services, I have a master's certificate of service from the Board of Trade, and also one for competency. No pilot offered to take charge of my vessel, or made a signal for that purpose. 'his witness was under cross-examination when our parcel was despatched at 5 p.m. Several other witnesses wonld be heard, and the case would then be adjourned until Saturday at 10 a.m. The body of one of the deceased, Isichael Dovan, who,. with another man on board the Mail, was in charge of 15(1 sheep, was removed to Dubli to-day - and this morninz the remaining seven bodies in ihe dead-houss at the Princesonay were buried at the parish burial-ground (St. Martin's). The fimeral was followed yIT a very large concourse of , people.
SBVEKF GATsS.-SmEAJs, Tuesday -Wight.-A. severe, and, to those who had not observed the fall of the barometer, a sudden gale of wind from the north-east; broke upon the Northumbefland coast a little past midmight to-day, and blew in fearful gusts until about 9 o'clock this morning. The storm of wind was accompanied by a heavy fall of rain. There were a considerable number of sailing vessels off the coast and some fishing-boats, and douing the morning the greatest anxiety was manifested for their safety, as the sea rose with great rapidity. A bark, named the Spring, of North Shields, ran ashore near to the Trow-rocks, onthe south side of the Tyne, but the crew weret brougit to land with comparatiDelylittle danger, and shortly after,7 'clock-a schooner was^ observed bythe SouthShield-s pilots out at sea dismasted, and drifting from the north, about the same time, a fishing coble vithseveralmenon board. A Powerful steamer belonging to the pilots immediately dashed through the heavy sea nhat was breaking across the bar, and rescued the men from the fishing boat. She proved to be the Sarah, and had five men and a ladl on board. The gale had caught her upon the fishing ground 1 miles north, and had canied away mast, rudder, tiller, jib, and everything in the craft, and the poor fellows had been driving before the gale for several hours. The, steamer having got the fishermen and their boats into a place of safety put off again, and got; hold of the schooner, which proved to be the William, of South Shields. Her crew had been obliged to cut away her masts to prevent-her running ashore. She was brought; into the Tynein safety. During the course of the morning another fishing-boat was observed drifting along thec Northumberland coast, rudderless and without a mast. 2dessengers were sent off to Blvth for a steamer, which put off and rescued the crew. Great anxiety is expressed for tne safety of fishing boats, which were known to be ats the herring fishery, which ha3 just commenced on our coast; a boat, with her crew, is missing from CnUllercoats, hut. it is hoped that they, with other fishermen, have escaped to Nevwbiggen, which is considered a safe roadstead. Much anxiety was expressed lest a full-rigged ship, the Edmund Graham, belonging to a gentleman of that name residing in Ncowcastle, might drive ashore during the morning, but she rode out the gale, and has been sffely brought into pest this evening-. Some colliers have iarrived with. part of their sails blowrn swa r, and there is ever reseon toa fear, from the exAceeding vicIence and force of the gales whbich was more violent for twvo hours after midnight, thati mnore serious casualties will have to be reported as having occurred in the North Sea. Wherever vegetation has been exposed to the action of the gale it has quite a blighted appearance; and the experience of last might is an6ther evidence of the importance of attention ta "Common things I -where life and property are concerned. If good barometers had been placedm an ame conspicuous ' lace in all the fishing villages on the coast, probaLbly not r& r,oat wvould haLve ventured ont to sea last night, for sevenl. hours before the gale came con the glass wasobservedto b fallin g with alarming rapiditr. The weather is now modeI rate, and the sea is fialling. 1BPDmsn Assocmox.--Acfive preparations arm being maLde at Cheltenhaam for the reception of the members of the British Associationfor the Advancement of Science, who hold their annual country meeting this year in the Week eiDmmencingWednesda,r, the 2d of AuLgust. A liberal subscription (headed by EAs Fitzhardinge, who is a donor of MOJ.1, has been entered into for defryinz the necesr expenses, and among the saibacribers arEarl Dniae, the Earl of Wemys8, Earl Batturst, Lord J. Rusell, Lord& Northiick, and Lord de Sanmarez. and local committee consisting of moet of the Xuvans of the district have beert appointed. The meetings wil be held*at tbeQeen'sHotel, one of the handsomest hotels in the Idngdom, which is being paite, -ad decorated for the occasion. It is nndrmc that Prince Lucien Bonaparte will be one of the ViitOrs RoYAI CO=rGp OF ; SxsGzONs.-The fbOllowing members of the Collere, hatinl undergone the meosar3' examiirations, were admittecl lecentiates in midwifery at the meeting of the Board on the 8th in*. :-Maers. Oliver Lemon, Pembhoke-terrace, Caledonian-road, Ldlington; Thomas Henry Turney, Ovenden, near HLlifar; Herbert Gillan Wootton, Canterbury - John lAster Pool pugh, Halifax, Yorklshire; Samuel ffesru Greon, New G,mtt, Manchlsster; Charles Henry Slaughter, Arnirgham, Rent; Williacm Pown., Fow o, Corn=wll; Ar Xesdo ipswic3l; William Wil ia, Festiniog, l;orUt Wales; William Groom, Wisbeac, Camnbridgehire; JSae.Greewwood, Queen?s-road, Dalstn; Rustomiee Byrauxjee, Hon. East ldia Companys Serice; Clee Evan luniel, NSorwitlh; Charles 3eksn ZiElin, Beod-atree-buildin2s, city; Phinea6 John XendH.cl:. Birmingham; John Ursa a Webb, Shafteehury.creacesnt, Pimlico;- and ThonasCarhew Gillet, Truro, Cornwall. Cr1!na PA.CL-OIn SHTLTG DAY, Wedneds Jly 9-Adlmi n pnsent, 6~,23; dteb, a ssaeor I,osuox GFza Oxmus Oovwr.-af resels, four t!w._ ?i44ag Jsal 5, 1916Q7L 3. 1le
LOAVDON, TRP.SDAY, JULY 10, 1856. In the House of Commons yesterday, on the order, moved by Lord GODERnica, that the House resolve itself into a comnmittee upon the Civil Service, The CH.A2CELTOR of the ExcnEQuERt rose to give such an explanation as, lie thought, might induce Lord C-ODERICH not to press his motion. Since the discussion upon the resolution of the House, he said, a considerable number of examinations and appointments had taken place, and the practical result of the system up to the present time had been that two persons had succeeded in obtaining certificates where one failed. Lord GoDERicH proposed to carry the system of open competition still furthter, so that, wheneve;r a vacancy occurred in a public office, any person usight offer himself as a candidate; the plan at present being, in the sunerior departments of the Government, that, whenever a vacancy occurred, candidates were selected by the head of the department, and subjected to competitive examination. The House, he thought, would see that this system offered securities for good appointments, it being the interest of heads of departments to obtain the mostefficient subordinates. With respect to the Secrettary to the Treasury, he, not being the head of the department for which the nominations were made, had not to the same extent that interest, and that class of appointments required some additional security. Having consulted the Civil Service Commissioners, he could state that the result of their experience was that examination by competition, where the number was not too large, produced, on the whole, more satisfactory results than any other mode, and it favoured the gradual extension of the principle of appointments by competitive examination. There was some practical difficulty in laying down one universal rtue that should require all canndidates to undergo examination in London, an(uhe thoughtmeansmigght be found of having examinations in the country. He trusted that this explanation wvould satisfy the House that it was the sincere vish of the Government to give as much effect as circumstances permitted to the principle of competitive exanmination for appointments in the civil service. Lord GoDERicH said, hearing this statement, he should not proceed with his motion, and, after some remarks by Sir S. NoRTitcoTE, Mr. TITB, and Mr. RIcn, the order for going into committee was discharged. On the order for going into committee upon the Tenant Right (Ireland) Bill, :fr. G. H. looRE, thinihing, he said, there was no reasonable hope that time could be found for considering the details of this measure during the present session, moved that the order be discharged. The motion was not opposed, but speeches upon the subject of the bill were delivered by Sir J. WAsr, MIr. Km;nvEDY, r. MLiGUEon, MIr. M'MAHON, Mr. VFzcE, and Mr. POLLARD-UERQUHART. Lord PAiraSrTox, who had entered the House during the discussion, and was therefore unaware that the bill had beenwithdrawn, proceeded to argue. against it. His opinion upon this question, lie observed, had never been concealed. I'pon general prnciples he considered it undesirable and highly objectionable that Parliaament shouild interfere in transactions between parties who made terms with each other; but the Governmnent, feeling that, in the very peculiar situation of Ireland, an exception to these principles might be made, on that ground last year took charge of a bill on this subject, indulging the expectation that, if passed, it would put an end to those local differences-which disturbed the tranquillity and harmony of that country. They found, however, that they had been mistaken in regard to the opini'ons of different parties as to tlho provisions of that bill. Then cams the present bill, tho provisions of whichl were very different, and hIo did not think it was one which ought to pass into a law. 1eing here warned that he was infringiing tho rulo de ortuis, & hc., he simply added that it wotld be the duty of the Government respectfully to consider any measure upon the subject which niight bo brought forwyard next session. The order was then dischExrged. On the next order, for going into committeo npon the Judgments Execution, dic., Bill, moved I'y Mr. CRAUFURD, Colonel FRPCHnt moved to defer thoea committoe for three months, and this amendment wan eoondeod by lr. M'MAHox. Mr. J. D. FrrzosRALD supported theo motionl for going into committee upon the bill, the principlo of which was approved, he said, by tho A'rroiuNim GEsERAT, and the LoXD-ADvocATE, as woll an by himself. The bill was opposed by MIr. NArivsn, Colonel Duivs, 3Ir. WV}xT SID E, and Mr. M'CANN, and defended bylMr. CRAUJFURLD, who thought its object musb have been misapprehbnded, since it merely pronided a short and easy p::ocess for carrying jfudg- ments from one part of the united kingdom over to another. Upon a division the amendmaent movedi by Colonel FF.RFcCH was negatived by 74 to 69. Mr. VYscs then moved thtat the debate be ad. journed, and this motion was negatived by 73 to 63. Mr. WMTESDE Uirged Mir. CRAUnUMD, under the circumstances, not to persevere with the bill, but to postpone it until next session. The LoRn-ADvocAT begged the opponents of the bill to allow the SPEAKER to leave the chair. All admitted, he said, its principle to be good, and the details might be improved in the committee. Mr. IENLEx thought it hard to ask the House to go into committee upon a bill to which clauses were to be added not yet printed, and which could not be known until all the other clauses had been agreed to. It was then proposed that the bill should be comI mitted pro formd, that the ;new clauses might be added to the printed copy. This proposal was supportec by Mr. MALis, bat resisted by Colonel F:xEvci, whose speech was intemrupted by the "time," and the debate stood adjourned. Several bills passed the second reading -without debate. In a committee upon the Assessed Taxes Acts a resolution was agreed to for changing the duty upon racehorses. In a committee upon the Appellate Jurisdiction (House of Lords) a resolution was agreed to laying a formal foundation for the clauses in the bill with that title granting salaries and. retiring pensions. L;eave was given to introduce a bill to indemnify such persons in the united kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; a bill to continue the act to :Eacilitate the managemeut and improvement of el)iscopaI and capitular estates in England; and a bill to contnue the General Board of Health for one year. The House adjourned at 6 c.clock.
London saw yesterday the closing scene of a var which for the display of Britisb. energy, courage, and endurance, as well as for the results, will stand comparison with any one, even the last and greatest that England had ever knownt. The oldl familiar Guards, 'whom we had known so well as a part of the Royal pageant and the garrison of this metropolis, passed through our streets on their return from taking no inglorious part in the siege and capture of Sebastopol. True to their name and their character, they have been employed not in any idle scheme of conquest, but in the protection of an ally and the preservation oa European liberty. W7hat they seem to be in our streets and parks, in sunshine and holyday, they have also proved themselves under the most terrible circumstances of war. They marched yesterday with the regularity of machines, and formied in Hlyde Park with the solidity of stone walls; and there were possibly those among the spectators who thought it might be otherwise in the tumult, and thunder, and deadly storm of war. Bit 'week after week, as news came from the field, it was always the same tale-that the Guards abroad were like the Guards at home. At Alma, as we have been lately reminded, the advance of the Grenadiers up the glacis of the intrenchment was as regular as though they were marching at a field-day, and their colonel halted and formed them for the attack as coolly as if it had been in Hyde Park. Atinkermann they behaved with equal courage aud determination, and, though obliged to retire for a while before overwhelming numbers, 'with a slight support they returned and retook the disputed position. E1ven 'when half destroyed in that unequal encoLnter, they stiml " speedily reformed" when assistanlce came. With their numbers thus dimainished they took their share in all the dangers and horrors of that wNinter's siege and that sad campaign. Like the rest, and even more than some Divisions, " the household troops" sickened, and pined, and died under every form df want and suffering. Fine fellows we used to think them, and if ever we imagined them in the real work of war, it u-as in the trial of strength with some mighty equal, crossing bayonets with renowned battalions, or standing in solid square the charge of lance and sabre.' Another fate awaited them not less glorious, and another part they played not less heroic. Night and day they stood their ground in the trenches till their once showy uniforms hung loose about them; till their full honest faces became " pale, wasted, and anxious " till they stood only " the ghastly skeletons of "giantic forms," and their great bones and sinews protruded starkly through the tightened skin. Hunger, cold, and nakedness, the muddy bed, the almost incessant watch, and the intolerable food, that even famine itself could hardly devour, almost annihilated the Guards' Brigade, and the remains had at last to perfcnrm a ghastly march to Balaiklava, till it could be recruited from this country. Then it resumied its duties in the trenches, and continued to suffer severely from the fire of the eneny till the fall of Sebastopol. It is needless to say that the enthusiasm of the Londoners fully justified what some military authorities seemed to think the hold experiment, if not the serious innovation, of a triumphal entry. E'verybody who could find time went to some point where the procession was to be seen, difficult as it was to catch anywhere a good length of it. From the titled lady in her carriage to the maid of all work, and even the old dame wlho, may be, had once had a son in the service, and a stiml wider range of the mala population, none were ashamed to be catching somewhere a sight of the show. The material was not much, but the sentiment gave it heroic dimensions. Happily, the day, notwithstanding the sinister auguries of Tuesday, turned out very fine, and the look of the Guards as they repoised on the groumd, waiting the arrival of the QuEuy, with tneir arms piled all about, carried the imagination to those distant vallies and hills wvhere they had thus expected the coming foe, aud thus rested after his retreat. We need not ask what proportion of these Crimean heroes saw the beginning of the 'war, or even Alma or Inkermamn. They who marched before the Palace had all seen the Crimea, and had nearly all taken some part in the siege. They saw that actual war which all. soldiers say is inconceivalble to those who have not seen it, and vhich leaves an impression of reality and seriousness which no description can convey, no imagination, be it ever so powerful, can invent. NYo doubt, however, that feeling is contagious, and the infusion! of the Crimean elemont will stimulate and at the same time chasten the miind of many a recruit fresh from home and green fields. WYe have great faith in military trimdition. Every regiment has its peculliar spirit, ,rapidly as the members may change. The men ontor yotmg, when they are quick to imbibe, and as quick to communicate, feelings and ideas. Tho many stories of the Crimea 'will long survive thlose who now tell them; and much more that manner, that tone of voice, that earnestness of wlhich the possessor is less conscious than his comrades, and 'which they associate with the real soldier. So we are glad to believe in the virtual identity of the regiments 'we sawyesterday with thosa we saw departing two years ago; and glad are we to believe that for many years to come the Crimean names on the regimental colours will express not only the history, not only the traditions, but the actual character of the regiment and the prevailing spirit of the men. There is one remark which we have to make, in which we expect the concurrence of a more than usual proportion of our metropolitan readers. The review in Hyde Park wvas a grand military spectacle compared with most -things of this kind so near home. Ai far as we 'can venture to compute the -population in the Parl;, and flowing thither from all quarters, at least two hundred thousand persons of all clases had devoted a considerable portion of the day to the pleasure of seeing a review of real Crimean soldiers. Of these two handred thousand about 1 per cent., or two thousand, saw something of what they came to see. About that number had the good fortune to occupy the front ranks, and -therefore saw as mIuc as could be seen by a spectator on a level with the soldiers, and through the horses of the cavalry keeping the ground. Nobody had a good view, but two or three thousand persons had some view,, and the remaining, 99 out of 100l had no view at all, except of the helmets and shakos of the cavalry keeping the ground, and here and there the fortunate glimpse of a gold-laced bat, shoving that HFa MAJTSTY 'was not very far off.. The whole of the British aristocracy, to al appearance, after having their expectations wrought up by the possession of tickets of the most exclusive air, found theemselves pacing to and fro between an inner and an outer mass of would-be -spectators, but seeing no more than we have described. Of course they looked very cheerful and pleasant, as they always do, but, as none of them could possibly give their friends at home the least account of the day, they must admit the truth of -what -we say. The fact is that Hyde Park being a mere plateau, though -wel enough for fireworks, is not a place for a spectacle of less aerial character. Now we have made the discovery that we ought to be in some degree a military nation, and must be so, unless we would open every war with a series of mishaps. But nothing is so necessary to the development of a military character as military spectacles and the opportunity of seeing them. Every eity of antiquity had its Campus Martius, and when our neighbours across the Channel found that they would have to fight it out against all Europe they found their newly made Champ de Mars of the greatest utility. That famous space is half a mile long and a quarter of a mile wide. Mlore than a hundred thousand soldiers can be mano3uvred in it, and an equal number of spectators can stand on the sloping banks and have a good view, each row looldng well over the heads of the row before. There are situations in the suburbs of London offering great facilities for such an amnphitheatre. The same genius and enterprise that have carried the Crystal Palace from Hyde Park to the crest of Norwood-hill in less than eighteen months w ould very soon give us, at a much less distance, a Champ de Mars equal to any review -within our means. iNo one who saw yesterday the immense masses filling the line of march andpouring into Hyde Park at every opening can doubt that we possess the universal taste for military shows, and, as we believe, a more than ordinary share of military spirit. it is not sufficient that this spirit should pervade the aristocracy and penetrate the middle classes; nor is it sufficient that a large number of persons in the lower ranks find the army a refuge from destitution or other difficulties. We want a genius for -war in aU classes, if we are to avoid for the future the disagreeable necessity of ransacking the earth for military adventurers.
The English have been for a century and a-half such an adventurous people, they have acquired or assumed rights of sovereignty on so many points of the earth's surface, that very few years elapse wvithout oiur Govermment being brought into somewhat hostile relations with some State or population. Within the present century England has, we believe, been actually at war with every territory on the globe except Portugal and Japan, and seldom do twelve months pass away without some difference which causes the assembling of frigates and corvettes, and a notice to Governors of Colonies to hold their garrisons in readiness. Wlhether our opponents be Frenchmen in the Pacific, Americans in the Gulf of Mexico, or Caifres and Burmese in their respective latitudes, we look on the recurrence of territorial disputes as a miatter of course, and no more a subject for excitement than the discovery of a newr telescopic comet. The theory that the age of colonies is past has hardly yet been accepted by Englishlnen, if we may judge fron the yearly occuipation of new points, and the transfer of Britishl royal -and political names to growing cities in the miost distant regions of the world. Some of our possessions, hovwever, are, it would seem, unlnown to the most patriotic student. The right of this country to Ruatan and the Bay Islands is now the subject of a serious dispute with the United States. Probably very few of our countrymen had a few months ago heard of Ruatan, and fewer Inew how far it had been declared formally a British possession. It was to tlhe public in the same category as the islands of Polynesia, many of -which may be British property, as having beeni discovered by British captains and visited by British whalers, but of which we lnow little, except from the reports of some enterprising missionary. Great Britain and the States have been for some time past in hot discussion as to the title to Ruatan, and it was thought that when these two Powers were satisfied. the affair was over. But now another State appears on the stage, and proclaims its right to be heard. Honduras has accredited a IEnister to the British Court. This gentleman, Senor Don VicToi HERRSnA, has arrived in London to urge the claim of his Government to the territory in dispute, as formmig adependency of the Central American Republic. Now, as a general rule, the addition of a third party to a discussion is apt still urther to coniplicate matters, but in this casethe Honduras Envoy seems rather a good genius, whose presence will render possible a solution dishonourable to no party conicerned. -One thing -we may premise, and it will probably be denied by no one. Great Britain has no wish for territory on the Central American coast. Our own West India islands 'are fkst relapsing into primitive savageness. When the rich lands of Jamaica are being yearly abandoned, and when in Trinidad and Guiana cultivation has almost ceased, it is not likely thatngland vwll care to extend her sovereignty further over tropical territory which can only be brought into use by a system -whiclh has been solemnly condemned. The sole object of this coultry, therefore, is to settle this difficulty honourably and forever, and a proposition will not berefused because it involves the relinquaishment of some worthless islancds, of our right to which few even among educated men were aware. We may liste:n, then, with impartiality to the state|ments of the Honduras 31inister. His plea is tha't Englmad has never established a right to these islands whichlt ca bar the claim of the Government wrhich le represents. They belonged to Spain, and when Spain ceded her right of sovereignty over Honduras in 1821 they passed into the possession of the new Republic. Since that time acts havo been comiitted by British officers whic1h show that England claimed the islands, and r was determined to hold them, but which in nio wray afected the strict rights of Honduras. The fSag of the Republic has been several times hauled down by the British, and several times re-hoisved. No treaty, however, has determined to whoam they belong, and it is for the two Governments Inow, if they choose, to settle the question. With regard to the legal right, we leave the discussion to ;the legitimate authorities; but swe thilk that this country might ielf vaive any claim -which it may possess, when there * is the- chance of a settlement so entirely- satisfactory. It is proposed that Great Britain shall restore the Bay Islands, Honiduras reognizing all rights of . property and inteiest which may have come into existence during British occupation. The population of Ruatan does not exceed 1,700, most of these being liberated slaves, and it is proposed that they should have the light of becoming citizens of Honduras, or remaining in the island as British asbjects, settlers in the country. Honduras offers this solution of the 'dispute between. England anda iAmerica, at the same time that she urg6s her own claims, aud declaes that no settlement arrived at by these two Governments, whether throujh'arbitration or otherwise, cain be allowed in justice t6bar her rights. The Republic does not, however, stop here. Willing to give proofs of amity and goodwill, Honduras is ready to cede to Great Britain by treaty a right of 'way through its territory from sea to sea, and to make the ports on each ocean at the extremities of the proposed route free ports. A similar offer has been made to the 'United States, and it is Eaid will no doubt be accepted. 'Whatever value, then, a commuunication across the territory of Honduras may possess will be at the service of the Governments swhich are most concerned with the traffic of the two oceans. When the questiDn of the Bay Islands has been disposed of the other matters connected 'with the Central American qclestion may be easily settled. It must be remembered that under his new inI structions MIr. DA1EMs is a plenipotentiary fully empowered to bring this tedious controversy to a solution. That there is a desire on the part of the American Government -to end the dispute 'we full7 beleve. IPresident Prxncx has been rejected by the Democratic party in his oln country, and has nGo hope of re-election 'to the high office 'which he now holds. He has 'therefore no object in delayingr a solution, or in preserving an attitude of hostility to this country. If he settles a question of such importancehe will retire into private life v'ith the reputation of having achieved an important work. If he leaves the set;tlement to his successor, he will merely have been a raiser of difficulties' which he did not determine. It is not without some hope of an end to this dispute that we see all the element.s of a solution at hand. Lord CIAPnoo and the Ministers of the United States and Honduras may bring the affair to a conclusion 'when they will, and we trust they wmill prolong as little as possible the present disquietude and suspense.
The opposite tastes of England and France have given a corresponding tenour to their respective labours, experience, and fortunes. While, in spite of revolutions and disturbances, shaken dynasties, andmshattered Governments, Francehas still remembered the art to which she owes so much renownwhile in the midst of peace she has continued to study the principles and elaborate the resources of war-while she has accustomed each of her great cities to the pomp and excitement of the *amp, and trained the youth of her people in the recurring lessons of military discipline and military combination, England has been prosecuting her own studies on fields of more congenial adventure. While France has never ceased to prepare for the day -when she should. revive 'the martial splendours of the Empire, England contented herself with battling against the doctrines of a commercial theory which she felt to be strangling her energies and hampering her progress. Protection was the Austria and Prussia of her domestic campaigns. The Corn Laws vere her Austerlitz; the other protective duties her Jena. Engaged in this conflict, she averted her gaze and her thoughts from those more dazzling and imposing objects to Which France devoted herself, and the result is to both 'what both might have expected. When a war, not of theories but of rude material force, breaks out, England, roused from the quietude of 40 years, finds herself at first unequal to the duties of a nnew position, suffers in her mnatriel, suffers in her military reputation, imtil she brings her full energies to bear upon an organization which she had too long n_eglected. France in war finds only the practical application of studies to which she has long been devoted. A campaign is, in the majority of its incidents, a repetition of the life in the cantonments and garrisons of home. But, war ended, when she recurs to her industrial labouis, and seeks to find new fields for her conumercidl energies, she has to contend with the sarme difficulties that menaced us, to learn the lesson which -we have long since conned, and to win the victories which we achieved years ago. At this moment France is repeating our old. conflict of Free Trade and Protection. All that by yearly and monthly discussions was hammiered into the English mind until the whole stock of commonplace arguments on either side was as familiar to every average Englishman as his relations or his creditors they have now to handsel. The French are a quick people, but the -eenest vwit and the clearest vision are blunted by the fogs of mist3ken self-interest. Judging, then, by our own experience, we may sulppose that they will continue to hear and repeat among themselves for the nest eighteen months those formulas of belief which ten years ago flaunted on the bauners of the Bond-street Association and agricultural gatherings :-" Protection to native industry,"" No foreign competition,"-" Charity begins at "hoine,"-" Our own interests before those of " our neighbours,"-" France needs not the pro"ductions of foreignL States; she is sufficient for "herself," &c. Such for months to come, 'we may infer from our own experience, wll be the shibboleths of French Protectionists. The only difference between their English prototypJ and them will be that, as the former represented the territorial jealousies3 the latter impersonate the manufacturing fears. But we do not oboerve that this makes any diffeience either in the vehemence or the reasona'bleness of their claimours. Mutato 2mnninlC, all else is the same. The imanufacthurig is in -no degree superior to the agricultural mind; and if the EmsPEoR proceeds-as some persons expect that he will proceed--reso_ lutely in the direction of Free Trade, we rmay make up our minds to hear or read numerous and hearty declarations that "the sun of France will set for Cc ever,"-"' the glory of the empire will depart,"1 "-the descendants of the heroes of 31arengo "and Austerlitz will sink into slavery," fromthe moment that French. housewives buy usefiul and durable croclery or hlardware of foreign make for about half the money that they are now forced to give Ior kLives that won't cut and plates and cups that are always 3alling by their own grNvity, and never fall without breakdng in pieces. All this we have ourselves gone through. We knowD the worth of these predictions to the last penny; and, if it will be of the slightest iue to our French friends, we will make them a pres'ent of our own experience. We need hardly repea4t the terrble prophiecies that were prompted by the coming repeal: of our Corn LaPws. 'Who does not recollect the land that was to go out of caltiva_ tion,-the untiUed acres which were to be the grave and monument of a once Tppy bu. nowr famiished peasantry,-the decadence of our naort ilhastrious families,-lhe extinction of the species "country gentleman," with the exception of a feYw 'who were to be preerved in some favoured dih. tricts, like the dodo at the Mfauritius or the mnega-
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. The 3Monitew:- of yesterday publishes the following Cc"arious journals in Erance and abroad have for some time annottnced and endeavoured to spread the belief that the Emperor intends proceeding shortly to Arenemberg, and thence to 13regenz to meet the Emperor of Austria. This annoincement is totally devoid of foundation." The Moniteztr publishes the followin_ telegraphic despatch fromVice-Admirni Trehouart, Commanderin-Chief of the Mediterranean squadron:- "O N BOARD THE BRETAGNE, JuLy 6. "Yesterday, July 5, the definitive evacuation of. the Crimea took place. The Marshal embarked on board the Roland, which immediately got under way. "1 The Bretagne, which has just anchored at Beicos, left Ramiesch with tahe last vessels that were there, and which are e:pected to-morrow in the Bosphorus." AUSTRALsIA. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) IIVERPOOL, WEDNESDAY EVENnG. Thc Royal mail ship Oliver Lang, one of the Black Ball line of packets, is off the Point. Shae was expected to leave MIelbourne on the 2i'th of April, and will bring three weeks' later advices from Auwnstralia. She is also expected to bring a large amount of gold on freight.
COURT CIRCULAR. His Miajesty the King of the Belgians too k leave of the Qeen yesterday afternoon on his return to the continent. is ajesty vwas accompanied by their Royal Higbnesses the Princess Charlotte and the Count of Flanders. The Qneen,with the Royal family, accompanied herRoyal uncle to the Grand Entrance, and there took leave of the Zing, thc Princess, and the Count of Flanders. His Royal Highness Prince Albert wient vwith the Kbing in lusa carriage to the Bricklayers' A rms station of the SouthEatern Railwray, and after the doparture of H is M[ajesty for Dover returned to Buckcingham Palace, attended by Lord Charles Fitzroy. The suite of the King and the Princess Charlotte com prised the Countess d'Yve, Madame de Bov6e, Colonel de hicerlkerke, Captain Bnrnell, and Dr. Koepl. His Majesty aud the Royal party quitted the Palace at 4 o'clock in three of the Queen's carriages and four. ' Lord Camoys, Lord in Waiting to tho Queen, and Colonel Francis Hugh Seymour, Equerry in Waiting to Prince Albert, proceeded w-ith the King by the railway train to Dover. Mr. J. Hillyard Cameron, from Canada, had aninterview With jr. Secretary Labouchere yesterday at the Colonialoffice. ThesJudical Committee of the Privy Council.sat yesterday. An appeal, IThe Queen v. Hildebrant" (the Aline and Fatuny) prize, was part heard. Present-The Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall, Sir J. Dodson, SirJ. Patteson, SirW. Madule, and Sir E. Ryan. Thefollowing deputation had an interview on Tuezday with Mr. Wilson at the Treasury-viz. -Sir James Fergusson, MLP., county of Ayr; Mr. E. H. J. Craufurd, MLl., Ayr uiurgis ; the Right Hon. E. P. Bonverie, M.P., Kilmarnock Burghs; Mr. James Baird, M.P., Falldsrc; Mr. Archibald Hastie, M.P., Paisley; Mr. John Fergus.' MP., Fifesbire - Mr. Alexander Smollett, M.P., Dumbartonshire; Mr. Peter Blackburn, M.P., Stirling: Mr. William Stirling, hLP. Perth; Mr. James M`Caai, M.P., Drogheda- Mr George ;iacartney, M.P., county of Antrim; Mr. H-. M;Calmont Cairns, M.P., Belfast; Mr. J. J. Richardson, M.P., Lisburne; Sir Robert Ferguson, ALP., Londonderry; Mr. John Vance, ILP., Dublin city; Colonel Taylor, M.P., county of Dublin ; Mr. Francis B. Beamish, M.P., Cork city; PRght Hon. H. L. Corry, M.P., Tyrone; Right Hon. Joseph Napier, M.P., Dublin lUniversity; Mr. William Brown, M.P., South Lancashire; Mr. William Tite, M.P., Bath; h{r. W. S. Lindsay, M.P., TynemouthColonel Hamilton, Convener for the county of Ayr; lord James Stuart, Mr. Alexander Oswald, Mr. Will1am Lnw Ogilby, hIr. J. G. Magan, of Belfast, Mr. Robert Henderson, of Belfvst. MIr. John Barr, Provost of Ardrossan, H-. John Paul, of the Portland Shipbuilding Company, Mr. John Mloffet, MRr. Robert Gairdner, Sir Archibald Camhell, M P. for Ar'yleshire. From the Town Council of "lrnnrnoch-Mr. Jobn Dickie, Provost; IMr. Hugh Wilson. Senior Bafle; acnod Mir. Archibald Finnie,of KU:-
TEE RETURN OF T'HE GUARDS. After an absence of nearly two years and a half, during which they have had ample experience of the perils and vicissitudes of wFar, the Guards returned to London yesterday, and were received with such a display of popular enthusiasm. as has seldom, if ever, been witnessed. The three battslions,.Grenadiers, Coldstreams, and Fusileers, comprising in all about 3,200 men, left tlim camp at Aldershott at an early hour of the morning, and travelled to the Nine Elms station of the South-Western Railway in four special trains, each containing 800 men. The railway arrangements were excellent, and much praise is due to the station-master at Farnborough for the rapid and orderly :imanner in which so large a number of soldiers, with their heavy arms and unwieldy baggage, were accommodated in the carriages, and conveyed to town without a single casualtyz The balance of weather -was nicely maintained, and if Tuesday was dismal and dreary, Wediiesday was so bright and genial as to restore the prestige of the Royal barometer. Long before the hour appointed for the arrival of the troops the interest and excitement oq the occasion had attracted to the Vauxhall-roaZ. and the adjoining localities a vast concourse .-f spectators, all actuated by the same pardonable ambition of getting a " good place" 1 from which to view the approaching spectacle. The spacious enclosure within the precincts of the station seemed to be one fluctuating mass of Lfe. Presently the drums rolled, the bugles sounded, the men fell into lines four deep, and precisely vJ the clocks were chiming 11 the whole brigade, divided into its three regiments, marched out of the station. They were received with a rapturous shout of welcome from the immense crowd assembled in the streets, and the sentiment of the scene was softened and acquired a touch of domestic pathos from the tender strains of the bands, playing alternately "Aluld lang syne" and "Home, sweet home." The men were in heavy marching order, with their greatcoats over their knapsacks and canteen a-nd haversack by their side. Such of them as wore long beards and four-clasped medals were objects of particular attention, for these were the men who had stood the iron brant of war during the whole campaign. But, indeed, the entire bligade challenges admiration for their soldierly bearing andadmirable discipline. There is no finer class of men in the military service of any nation in Europe. In weight, stature, and strength, in stateliness of form and majesty of deportment, they are just the men to carry on " the big wars that make ambition virtue." 'Without at all intending anything so unfair as to institute between the Guards and the other regiments in the Queen's service a comparison prejudicial to the latter-for, in truth, all did their duty with equal devotion-we may be permitted to mention a few statistical facts to show that the Guards are not undeserving of the cordial welcome which awaited them on returniDg to their head-auarters. At the Alma the Fusileers lost 11 officers and 170 non-commissioned officers and men, the Grenadiers 3 officers and 126 non-commissioned officers and men, and the Coldstreams 3 officers and 27 non-commissioned officers and men, killed and wounded. Of the 2,400 men which was the strenath of the brigade at the Alma there were 350 killed andwounded, or one-seventh of the whole number. At Inkermann the Grenadiers lost 9 officers and 223 non-commissioned officers and men, the Coldstreams 13 officers and 1378 non-commissioned officers and men, and the Fusileers 9 officersand 169 non-commissioned officers and men, killed and wounded. Thus 581. men and officers fell out of 1,350 in action. Of the 31 officers killed and wounded 14 welre killed on the spot. The brigade also sustained some loss at Balaklava; and of their sufferings from famine and sickness it is needless to speak. The column-each regiment preceded by its band -moved along the Wandsworth-road overVauxhallbridge, and then, turning to the right, took its course through Crescent-road, New-road, Milibankrow, Millbank-street, Abingdon-street, to Old Palace-yard. The bells of the various churches rang a merry peal as they maarched along, flags and banners were flung out to the breeze, and the enthusiasm of the people was unbounded. The favourite line of tho:roughfare which forms so important a portion of the route of most Royal and public processions, and wlhich extends from the Houses of Parliament to Charing-cross, indicated in a marked degree, by the number of eager and anxious spectators who thronged it, the pride and interest which all classes of the community take in the British army, and the gladness with 'which they welcomed home the heroes of the waimea, on whom such signal honours were yesterday conferred. An excellent opportunity is at all times afforded in this spacious thoroughfarefor obtaining a favourableview of Royal progresses, and the number of public offices audgoodhouseswhichoccupyitssiteinvariablyexhibit a large amount of enthusiasm on the part of those who obtain possession of them. The windows of the Houses of Parliament were crowded with Peers, Peeresses, and members of the House of Commons; and the whole line, from this point onwards, presented an extremely animated, not to say brilliant appearance. The balconies of every house were made available for the reception of visitors; commodious stands were erected on the grounds of Montagae-house; from the windows of all thepublic offices emerged the heads of clerks, officials, and their friends. At Lady Dover's a large party was assembled. The Horse Guards -always a point of interest-was literally besiegedwithlspectators,andthe roofs, aswellas the windows, were crowded. The ChapelRoyal and the Admiralty were equally adorned with living freights, and the "finest site in ]Europe" 'was never so thronged with those "mass s" of people which so much strike the eye of the foreigner on visiting the great metropolis. Opposite Downing-street the Guards were met by a squadron of the 2d Life Guards in their glittering, uniforms, which, glowing brilliantly in the sun, contrasted strangely with the faded clothes of many of the more veteran heroes of the Crimea. The long and interesting procession, hailed as it approached with continued cheers, reached the Horse Guards at 20 minutes to 12 o'clock, and they were precisely a quarter of an hour in passing the spot. A number of General officers had here assembled to meet them, and at a 'window of one of the buildings we observed the Duke of Cambridge and a large party of ladies, who seemed to talke a deep and earnest interest in the scene. His Royal Hlighness frequently bowed to offlcezs whom he recognized in the procession, and as he and the other General officers were distinguished by the soldiers thle cheers of the Guards mingled with the voice oJ the public added to the enthusiasm whieh prevailed. The bands as they approached this spot played " God Save the Queen," the "British Grenadiers," "Home, sweet Home," and "H er3' ff a health to all good Lasses." The ladies, in recognition, as it were, of this compliment to their " hearths and homes," showered bunches of laurel on the warriors, and the general demonstration which here took place, in the shape of waving of hate and handkerchiefs, huzzaing, and the like, wus something enormous. In fact, the scene at the Horse Guards, which may be considered as the official residence of the heads of the army, was probably one of the mosit interesting vhich occurred throughout the whole lne of march. . IDS Cockspur-xtreet there was a fair -how of flags, and more. than one balcony hang with scarlet cloth was flled with elegantly-dresse ladies, whose adiliration of the gallant Guardsmen, and satisfaction at their return, n1 one who witnessed thn waving of their handkerchiefs, or beheld the smiles which they showered upon those brave men, could for a moment doubt. Thecrowdinthe 3treet was very dense, and its behaviour presented no exception to the general rule. In Pall-mall there -vas but ]ittle bunting displayed, but the street was tbronged with peoplo, and the windows of all the clubs and private houses were crowded with spectators. - The balcony of the WYr-office and those of some clubs and private dv;ellings had been hung with red cloth, and aU were occupied chiefly by ladies. WVithin the clubs, also, accommodation had been provided for the members and their frie:ads, and the windows of all of them, especially those of the United Service and Army and Navy, of the Reform, the Carlton, the Travellers, and Oxford and Cambridge, were occupied by groups of ladies, rising row above row like the roses at. a flower snow at Sydenham. Long before the head of the column appeared every eye was turned towards the end of the street from which it was to approach, and as it wheeled i'rom Cockspur-street into Pall-mall there arose a continuous shout, which rolled on with the progress of the troops until the crowd along the whole line of the street were participators in the demonstration, While the crowd outside shouted, the ladies and gentlemen withinthe houses and. upon the balconies waved hats and handkerchiefs with a zeal which- showed how deep an interest many of them felt in those they thus honoured. Amid all these acclamations the troops niarched briskly along, and, passing between Mlarlborough-house and 8St. James's Palace, entered St. James's Park. From this point up to and in front of Buckingham Palace the crowd was probably more dense than along any other portion of the route, and the shouting vwas proportionately loud and vigorous. Hithelto the line of march had been kept by the 2d Life Guards, but at St. James's Palace and thence to Hyde Park-corner this duty was discharged by the Horse Guards (Blue), who, wvith the assistance of a strong body of police, under the immediate direction of Sir R. Mayne, Chief Commissioner, kept open a passage along the Mall and to the south gate of the enclosure before Buckingham Palace. During the -whole morming crowds had been collectmig in great numbers on the large space of ground at the end of the MaU all and also on the broad causeways before the Palace. Asthetime for the arrival of the Guards approached the crowd at these points became so great and so eager, that the police and the troops experienced much difficulty in keeping clear the space necessary for the progress of the heroes cf the day. indeed, at one time their exertions were but partally successful. Within the gates of the Palace there was manifested as eager and as inltense an interest as without. The balcony over the principal entrance had been prepared for the receptionof Her Majesty, the Royal family, and her illiutrious guests; and for at least an hour before the rattle of the drums indicated the approach of the troops the Queen herself, the King of the Belgians, several of the younger members of the Royal family, and some of the ladies and gentlemen of the suite could be seen through the windows immediately behind the balcony, eagerly watching for thLe appearance of the bayonets which carried the heights of Alma and withstood the flower of the Russian army at Inkermann. There was no want of incidents to amuse the crowd and while away the time before the event of the day came off. In addition to the usual accidents and occurrences which are to be -witnessed in all crowd3 there were several Royal or illustrious personages to be gazed at and cheered. First, Lord Cardigan rode past the Palace, and down the Mall, on that famous charger which carried him into and out of the desperate charge of Balaklava, and was received with shouts of approbation, mingled with only a few- hisses. Next, his Royal Highness Prince Albert, wearing the uniform of the Grenadier Guards, and attended by his aides-de-camp, rode cut from the Palace and along Constitution-hilL towards Hyde Park. The cheers which greeted the appearance and pro-. gress of his Royal Highness, though faint, were un-mixed with any expressions of disapprobation. Not less unanimous, but much more loud, were the shouts which were elicited by the appearance of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, who rode through the Park accompanied by his aide. de-camp, Sir J. Macdonald, and whose claim to share in the triumph of the day no one seemed disposed to dispute. About 12 o'clock Her Majesty, accompanied by His Majesty the King of the Belgians and their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, the-irincess Charlotte of Belgium, the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Mary, Prince Oscar of Sweden, the Count of Flanders, her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, the Prince of Wales, Prince Arthur, the Princess Alice, and others of the Royal children, appeared in the balcony, and wcs welcomed by some shouting. The people, however, were now in momentary expectation of the arrival of the Guards, and seemed disposed to reserve their breath. Her MIajesty, who wore a white dress and blue bonnet and ribands, took her plate about the centre of the balcony, having the Prince of Wales on her left hand. At this moment the front of Buckingham Palace presented a very animated appearance. IH the enclosure before the Palace there were assembled a considerable number of ladies and gentlemen, many of the latter of whom were in uniform, and aqlmost alL the windows were occupied by ladies-and groups of bearded warors, whose uniforms, together wi',h the gay dresses of their fair companions, introduced into the scene the element of richness anc variety of colour. For some minutes the eyes Of Sovereign and people were alike directed to that point at which the Guards were to enter the 1Mall, through Marlborough-gate; and when, about a quarter past 12 o'clock, the sound of the drums of the Grenaier Guards heralded the approach of the column, the dense crowd was kept perfectljyilent by the hush of expectation. In another minute or two the head of the column wheeled into the Mall, and then the silence was broken by the shout with which the people welcomed the troops to the presence of their Sovereigu. Hearty and unanimous, it was a true expression of the feeling whichi the people of England entertain towards the army, of which these reOiments were for the momeni; the representatives. At the same time HerMIajesty Isant slightly forward over the balcony, and the satisfaction with which she welcomed her brave Guards was manifest even to those who were without the Palace gates. With bands playing triumphal airs, and theirtattered columns fluttering in the wind, the troops for whomthisovationhadbeenpreparedmarchedbetween the ranks of a crowd which pressed upon them almost to closely to allowtheir passage. At the end of the Mall they turned to the left, entered the south gate of the Palace, and passed under the balcony, in which the Queen and the R3oyal party were standing to receive them. AI the troops entered the enclosure Her Majesty waved a'wite handkerchief, aid as they passed before her she further testified her pleasure at their presence, and her gratitude for their services, by bows and smiles, to which the troops responded by cheering most heartily. After the Grenadier Guards had passed from the end of the Mall there was a slight interuption of the line of march, owing to the crowd breaking in upon the reserved space, -from which the utmost exertions of the police and some Life GWards, who were stationed at that point, could not immediatey drive them back. The result was that a considerable portion of thelusileers had to pan this point in broken formation, and then torun on in order to overtake their companions, and reform the column to pass before the Queen. Witlh this exception, the progress of the troops was uninterrupted, mid this did not interfere with the order of their march before Her Majesty. The three regiments marched through the enclosure, each experiencing from Her Majesty the same gracious reception, and I each responding with the same hearty cheers. Nor was it by the Sovereign alone that these expressions of welcomoe were accorded. The other members of the Royal family, and the ladies and gentlemen who were in the windows, or in the front of the Pala3ie, -Mere all zealous in the waving of handkerchiefs and hats, while the crowd outside rent the air with shouts and hurrahs. After p before Her Majesty the troops left the enclosure by the north gate and proceeded -along Constitution-hill to Hyde Park- The crowd was not so dense on Constitution-hill as along the 2EI1 and before the I lalace, but both within the Green. Park and on the other side of the road there were amembled considerable numbers of persons, who cheered the troops very warmly as they passed. Her Majesty remained in the balcony until the rearmost rank of the troops was outv of sight, and -she was theii about to leave, when she was recalled by the shouts of the people, whlio cheered for the Sovereign almost as loudly as they bad just done for the Guards. When this cheer was raised Her Majesty returned 't tbhe balcony, and bowed. frequently. and. most graciously. Although she could not be surprised, she looked miore than pleased at this demonstration of loyalty. After the passage of the troops the greater portion of the crowd followeed them to Hyde Park, but a considerable number of persons waitea to see and cheer Her Majesty on her departure froma the Palace, which she left shortly af;erwards, accompanied by her illustrious visitors and attended by her suite, in seven carriages. The scene in Hlyde Park, where circumstances combined to invest the ceremony with a singular degree of interest, was animated and. picturesque almost beyond description. Longbefore the pageant reached that advanced stage of its progress every partof the enclosure commandiny, a view of the spectacle about to be witnessed was occupied by a vast mass of people of al ranks. 'The stringent regutlations prohibiting on this occass?6n the entry w.tthin the Park of all persons in canmagea or riding on horseback reduced tho whole body of spectators, without distinction, to the position of pedestrians,a state of things which gave rise to not a few amusing neidents, though it was considerably mitigated in favour of the aristocratical and wealthier claEses by an arrangement which admitted them, on the production of tickets issued by. the Quartermaster-General, to a nearer sight of the review, and under circumstances comparatively free from the pressuire and.inconvenience to which the greater part of the multitudinous assemblage were exposed. Following the natural configuration of the Park, a large oblongr was marked out as the scene, of the review, ana jealously'guarded throughout the proceedings agaist the admission of any part of the crovd, with the exception of an exceedingly limited number of privileged persons, whose high rauk, or position, or the functions they had to discharge, gave them a right of entry. Midway between the Apsley House entrance and the iMarble Arch, along the side of the quadrangle running .parallel with. Parklane, was the saluting poiit, distinguished by a red silk banner, andthere, as the position assigned to Her Majesty and the august personages by whom she was accompanied, and as that at which the highest degree of interest therefore centered, an inmense concourse of the gli.te of the aristocracy were assembled, most of whom occupied positions in front of the line of barrier separiting the crowd from the square, while some few, as an especial privilege, were admitted. into the interior. The Duchess of Glocester, attended by Lady Georogiana 33athurst, who arrived early, witnessed the spectacele from her carriage, close to the salutin,g point. Thereo too, were stationed, among others, Lord and Lady Palmerston, Sir George and Lady Grey, the Dake of Newcastle, Lord Xobert Clnton, Lord Stanley of Alderley, Lord Robert Grosvenor, the Earl and Countess of Elesmere, the Sardinian Minister, the French Ambassador and the Countess de. Persigay, the Countess of Wilton, Mrs. Gladstone, the Earl of Dalkeith, the Earl Of Airlie, and the Earl of Euston. Awnings covered with bright pinlk or crimson cloth were erected on the tops of many of the houses in Park-lane, from which, and from the windows beneath, hundreds of persons commanded a view of'the. exciting scene, which, if it lacked the distinctness vouchsafed to a closer inspection, had an inmmense advantage in the magnificent coup d'eil which it afforded. A more limited but not less eager group of spectators crowded the top of the MIarble Arch, -while others, almost countless in number, clustered upon the housetops or occupied the windows of the long line of terraces bounding the northern side, of the enclosure. HElere and there, within the Park, a temporary scaffold, with its full complement of occupants, reared its outline above the surrounding crowd. The fall of one of those overladen structures unfortunately caused two women injuries more or less severe; and just before the arnival of the Queen a poor woman in humble life was carried away by four policemen bleeding severely from the fracture of one of her legs, occasioned, it was said, by a kick from the horse of one of the cavalry soldiers employed in keeping the ground clear. Theopen space assigned for the review was maintalned by detachments of the Horse Guards (Blue), the 2d Life Guards, and the 3d Light Dragoons, stationed at intervals along the lines, and under the command respectively of Colonel Forrester, Colonel Williams, and Colonel lJnett; and in this duty they were assisted by a large body of the Metropolitan Police, acting runder the personal superintendence of Sir Ric}ard MVayne and Captain Labalmondiere. Shortly after 11 o'clock the 1st and 2d battalions of Grenadier Guards, the 2d battalion of Fusileers, and the 2d battalion of Coldstream Guards, which had been stationed in London and at Windsor, entered the Park, and were formed in line of quarter distance colunus by the Field-officer in Waiting, Colonel Wood, of the Grenadiers, right in front and facing Park-lane, with the rear of the line resting on the clump of trees in the centre of the enclosure. His Royal Highness Prince Albert, who wore the uniform of his own regiment, and rode a magnificent light bay charger, appeared as Colonel at the head of the Grenadiers, as di(d also his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge as Colonel of the Scota Fusileers. Lord Strafford, eolonel of the Coldstreams, was unable to accompany his regiment, but he was present at the review, and occupied a seat in the carriage cf Lord Pan- nAure. In this order the four battalions of Guards awaited the arrival of their (omrades from the Crimea. It ought to be stated that Lord Hardinge, the Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief, was prevented' beipg present at the ceremonyby the attack he experienced at Aldenihott on Monday, and fromwhich he is but slowvly recovering. The Quartermaster-General, Sir Richtard Airey, was also unavoidably absent, owing to a mishap which has afflicted him with partial blindness. About half-past 12 o'clock the heroes from the Crimea entered the park by the gate at Apsley House in the order in which they had traversed the route from the station at Nine Elms, and were greeted by an ovation as enthusiastic as that with which they had been welcomned along the whole line of march. On reaching the open space set apart for the review they were marched by Major-General Craufurd, under the orders of MajorGeneral Lord Rokeby, and amid the strains of martial music, to their appointed place in the intervals left in the line of columns previously formed by the battalion- of Guiards who hal awaited their arrival, and who presented arms as they advanced. At the conclusion of this manceuvre the, whole Brigade of Guards, consisting of seven battalions, and including in the aggreDgte about 5,500 rank and file, stood collected in one body; and the circumstance is remarkable, as the entire brigade was never assembled together in one place on any previous occasion. They then stood fronting Parklane; and when the amalgamation had taken place among the several battalions the Crimean brigade was still easily distinguishable from all the rest by their soiled and dusky uniforms and their weather-beaten look, which rather heightened than detracted from the appearance of high health presented by their whole body. Major-General Lord Rokeby, Major-General Craufurd, and the Field-OfEicer in Waitig havingA formally handed over to the colonels of the respective regiments the battalions composing the whole brigade, the troops on the ground for the rest of the day remained under the command of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. His Royal Highness Prince Albert then proceeded to meet Her Majesty, and to conduct her into the Park. 'During the mnterval which elapsed before the arrival of the Queen some little msusement was occasioned. in the vicinity of the salting point by the efforts made by several members of the nobility to procure admission w,ithin the barrier, which the authorities who kept the ground in many instances declned to concede, in ignorance, doubtless, of the high rank of the applicants. Sir George Grey even, the Secretary of State for theHome Department, and Lady Grey, remained for some time among the crowd so excluded, and it was not until he appealed in a good-humo=urd way to some gentlemen inside the barrier, in attendance from three of the morning newspapers, one of whom he recpnized, and to all of whomihis lerson was well lnown, that the H ome Seretsrr was relieved from s position with the novelty of which he himself appeared not a little amused. Lo::d Pahlerston appeared shortly afterwards on foot within the circle, and he, too,. may have- experienced a similar difflculty of access. Lady Palmerston, by whom he. was accompanied,; was, at ill events, indebted to the courtesy of Lord Paimur. for a seat in his Lordship's carriage, by which 'sne was bnabled to witness the review freo from inconvenience. At half-past f o`clock the Queen, accompanied- by a -numerous and august. party, entered the Park in procession, escorted thither by a detachment of .the Royal Horse Guards. Her Majesty 'was received by the Trince Consort and a numerous staff at Hyde - Park Corner, and thence escorted to the saluting point, a- detachment of Life {Guards leading the way. The Duke of Wellington, as MIaster, of the Horse, rode icmmediately behind the carriage which conveyed the Queen and her illustrio-us guests, and a brilUiant group of General officers on the Staff followed according to their rank and seniority, with a number of other General. officers who were present, but not upon the Staf:. Among'the distinguished personages compo0.ng the escort were his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, attended by .ieutenant-Colonel Macdonald, Colonel Tyrwhitt, and M5ajor Clifton-three officers of his staff; Adjutant-General Sir George WVetherall; the D6puty-Adjutant-General,. Colonel Forster; the Assistant-Adjutant-General, Colonel Douglas; Lieutenant-Colonel Reynolds; Colonel Gordon, DeputyQuartermaster-General; Colonel O'Brien, Assistant-Quartermaster-General; Lieutenant-Colonel Addison; Major Kearney; Major-General Sir Charles Yorke, Military Secretary to t-he Commander-in:Chief; Lord Cardigan, Inspector-General of Cavalry, and his Staff; Colonel Cotton, Assistant-Adjutant-General of Cavalry; General Sir Hew Ross, Adjutant-General of the Royal Artillery; Lieutenant-Colo:ael Bingham, Assistant-AdjutantGeneral of the Royal Artillery; Lord Lucan ;Lieutenant-General SirHenry Bentinck ; Major-General Gore; four Queeif s Aides-de-Camp-namely, Colonel Wetherall, Colonel Lakt, the Mlarquis of Donegall, and Lord Dynevor; General Gore, the :Earl of Wrstmoreland, Sir F. Davy, MIajor-General Craufuri, MHajor-General Lord' Rok-eby, General Bentinc;, Lord Gough, Major-General Fox, and General Beatson, whose peculiar red helmet created some sensation, mingledvwith amusement. Her Majesty, from the moment she entered the enclosure till she reached the flagstaff, was greeted by the populace -with one continuous cheer, which was repeated again and again during the rest of the ceremony. The Princess Royal also attracted considerable attention, and frequently elicited the generous homage of the people. On Her Majesty arriving at the saluting point the troops ulpon the ground presented arms, and the bands of the several regiments played the 'TKational Anthem. The Royal party then drove along the line formed by the troops, escorted as before, amid the cheers of the spectators, and returning to the flagstaff, - the horses were detached from the carriages composing the Rcoyal cortige, and his Royal HXighness Prince Albert antd the Duke of Cambridge took up a position near the carriage in which H[er' MISajesty and her illustrious guests were seated. The scene will not soon be forgottenby thoseswhose lot it was to witness it. The group of G-eneral officers ranged themselves in line a short distance from the Queen and immediately opposite the flagstaft, with the bands of the several regiments, which had been now formed into one,stationedinthemidstof them; and the whole of the brigade marched past Her ajesty iln open column and quick time, the band playing the spirit-stirring air of " See the conquering hero comes." Throughout the v-hole of this manceuvre the gad'lat bearing of the troops, the phalanx they presented, and the marvellous precision of their movements excited marl;ed and general admniration; and at intervals, when the colours of each regiment were borne past, many of them tattered and torn, and iinscribed with the immortal names of Alma, lnkermann, and Sebastopol,.added now to the older watchwords of Corunna, Barossa, Talavera, Peninsula, and Waterloo, the deep emotion of all present was visibly excited, and the crowd gave vent to their feelings again and again in cheers which thrilled alike those who heard and - those who participated in the touching ovation. The troops having resumed their originalposition, the Duke of Cambridge gave the 'word of command, and the whole brigade advanced in a body at a rapid pace towards the fagstaff to the Royal salute; and, this ceremony over, the troops raised an enthusiastic and prolonged cheer as Her Miajesty prepared to take her departure, throwing up their bearskin caps into the air or waving them high aloft on the points of their bayonets. In the midst of this demonstration the Royalpartyleft the ground, attended as before, on their return to Buckingham Palace, fiom the balcony in front of which Her Majesty had again an opportunity of witnesbing her gallant soldiers as they proceeded to the quarters assigned to them in the metropolis. After she retired from the Park an incident of singular interest occurred, for which none seemed to have been prepared. A vast crowd of the humbler classes, Iwho ha been pent up for several hours behind the barriers alona the northern side of the enclosure, spurning all further attempts at control or resistance by the cavalry and police who kept the ground clear, brokle the ranks at a vulnerable point, and, shouting with a wild kind of delirium, rushed at full speed towards the Crimean heroes, who were still formed in squares, and seemed not a little at a loss to account for this ebullition of'Popular enthusiasm. Buat the long-cherished desire of hundreds to meet amnong the troops relatives and friends whom they had not seen for so long an interval of time, and -who had undergone vicissitudes and privations and earned renowvn in the defence of their country, explained it all, and with this spontaneous and touching exhibition the spectacle teriunated, w;hich wrill long live in the memory of all who 'witnessed it. (From the Court CircuZlar.) Her Majesty the Qneen, accompanied by His Majesty the inagof thelelgians, and their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Princess Charlotte of Belgium, the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Mary, Prince Oscar of SSweden, the Count of Flanders, and al the Royal children, viewed yesterday morning the Crimeanbattalions of the Foct Guards fromn the balcony of Buclingham Palace, as the troops marched through the enclosed space in front of the Palace on their route to Hyde Park. His Royal Highness the Price Consort went from the Palace to join hs regiment, the Grenadier Guards, in Hyde Park, and to receive the Queen upon her arrival.. Her3Maijesty left Buckagham Palace, vith a numerous pary in procession, for Hyde Park, about 10 minutes past 1 o'clock' The first carriage and four conveyed Her Majesty the Queen, His Majesty the King of the Belgians, their Royal Highnesses Prnce Oscar of Sweden and the Count of Flanders. -The second carriage and four conveyed their Royal High,'esses the Duchesses of Rent and Cambridge, the Prince of Wales, and Prince Alfred. The thira carriage and four conveyed their Royal Highnesses the Princess Royal, the Princess Alice, the Princess Charlotte of Belgirm, and the Princess Mary of Cambridge. The fourth carriage and four conveyed their Royal Highnesses Prince Artliur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa, the Countess of Gainsiborough, and Lady Caroline Barrmgton. ThFe iftXh carriage and four conveyed the Countess d'Yve, Field-Marshal the Earl of Strafford, Colonel of the Coldstream Guards,'and Lord Panmure, Secretary of State for war. The sixth carriage and four conveyed the Hon. Caroline Cavendish and the Hon. Flora Macdonald, Maids of Honour, Colonel de Moerkerke, and a Gentleman in Waiting to Prince Oscar_. The seventh carriage and four conveyed lady Anna Maria Dawson, Lady Geraldine Somerset, Captain Burnll, and a Gentleman in Waiting to Prince Oscar. The Aides-de-Caump to the Queen and the Equerrics to Her Majesty and Prince Albert and the Royal -family attended on horseback. A detachment of the Royal Horse Guards formed the escort to the Park. Her Majesty and the illustrious party returned to Buckinghan Palace at half-paat 2 o'clock.
ThE M i.-SOuniAmTOY, July 9.-The Royal mail steamer Tamar, Captain Jellicoe, sailed this afternoon -with the mails for the Brazils and River Plate, 63 passengers, 104,19S. in specie, 50,0001. value in jewelry, and a full cargo. The Peninsular and Oriental Company'ssteamer Sultan, Captain Cook, with the 3nails from Vigo, Oporto, isbon, and GibralLtar, is expected about the 14th inst. The MaArid, Captain DntshawY, will convey the next outward mails to the Peninsular ports on the 17th inst. The Royal mail steamer Tyne,CaptinValer is expected with the next West India mcl Pacific mls about the 16th inst. The Solent, Captain Bevis, 'i convey the next outward Mais to the West Indies and Pacitic on the 17thiut. The lUnited States' mail steamship Aago, Captain lines, 'with the French and English mails, from LeW York to Havre, is expectad to arrive olF Cowes to-miorrow. The Wasbhinton, CAptain Cavendy, w-l sail from this Iort for New York-, -with the German, French, andc English mails, on Wednesday nexct. AMERmICAN MAus.-The United States' mail steemship Ericsson sailed from T4verpDol at 1 p.m yesterday for lNew York, wvith five passengers and the semiweel;y mails for bkrtth America. -
- . COMADRrM-INCIF TO THE EDITOR OF THE- TT .ES; Sir --The state of railitary mt;tters- is criticaL We Lave a commission investigating the purchase system, with a -view to its modification or removaaL Public -attention, which- in - time of peace rarely fii:es itself on the concerns of the army, has been excited by Crimean disasters and kept alive'by Parliamentary debates. The subject has not yet lost its interest, nor has any more exciting controversylturned -away the public mind from it. There is no' conflict of political parties to impede the passing of good measures; and should Tpecuniary sacrifices be necessary, either to buy up vested abuses or to provide iieans of lefficient militaty training, they will be moie read'ly acceded to by the REouse of Commons in its present temper than they 'would have.been at any former time -witbin my recollection; Never was there a moment w hen the cause of army reform seomecl more likely to make progress, if onily the supp art, or, failing that, at least the neutrality, of those in high authorit cold be relied on. Under these circumstarices, the public learns with regrets but not -with surprise, the inevitably impending retirement of Lord Ilardinge from public life. The fact, I fear, is certain; assuming it, to be so, two questions arise-who shall b'e his successor; and ontwhat terms shall the office be held? I assume that a certain illustrWous personage has relinquished, if he ever eriously entertained, . fte idea unfortumately suggested by the late Duke of Wellingbon that he should himself occupy the public and responsible position of Commander-in-Chief. I assume, also (which, indeed, is so notorioris as to need no apology for naming it), that no effort will be spared on the part of those about the Court to pLace the real direction of military affairs in the hands of that able and distinguished individual. Many circumstances combine to reader the accomplishment of this = rpose easy. The mea;ns used will be, of course, the elevation of the Duke of Cambridge to the vacant office. 'his prince is generally esteemed, has seen some service, has taken no part in promoting army reforms, stands aloof from political parties, and, having few, if any, private enemies, enjoys to the full that respect which in England is always paid to a member of the Royal family. These are -very real advantages, and it- must be added that, in the army, -where professional rivahly is strongr and deference for rank- not less so, an appointment of this nature would, probably, better than any other, reconcile the conflicting claims of Crimean generals. As re'ards personal qualifications,theDuke's character is, l believe, very generaILy admired by his countrymen. Frank, kindhearted, brave in action, careful of his troops on service, popular in manner and address; but indiscreet and impulsive, he is judged fitter to alorn society and to make Royalty popular than to serve the State in office. Big nommiation to command the army, however, I regard as nearly certain; and that fact gives double interest to the other question raisednamely, on -what conditions is he to command it, and what are to be the relations existing between him and the Minister of War? The latter is a great officer of State; he is, or ought to be, supreme in matters of military orgfanization; he is responsible to Parliament, and, being so responsible (I lay stress on this as important), he is able to plead his responsibility as a valid objection -when any attempt is made to coerce or influence him in a quarter from -which advice is equivalent to command. It seems clear on every ground that the present division of authority between two high functionaries ought not to continue. It arose out of accident and necessity; Lord Hardinge possessed de facto much of that power v-hich the Duke of Newcastle was appointed to exercise; possessing it, he could not in courtesy be asked to surrender that which he had not forfeited by any fault; the new Commander-in-Chief, be he -who he may, will have no such prescriptive claim; and it is now, therefore, that an cffort should be made to put the two offices on a right footing. They cannot be coordinate-a Secretary of State and member of the Cabinet cannot descend into a subordinate; but if he'can be neither equal nor inferior he must be superior, and this is, in fact, his trae and rational position. 'What I say, then, is this-that all patronage, -all authority, as regards matters of organzation and general arrangement-everything which does not relate to discipline and purely technical detail, ought to be -ested in the MIinister of War. Let that Minister, if need be, have a professional board to assist him. In that board let the Commander-in-Chief hold the irst place, subject only to theMinister; but let there be no collision, no clashing of authority, no bandying of responsibility backwards and forwards, else all will be confusion, and everybody's business be left, as it proverbially is, undone. MIy reasons for suggesting this change are few and simple. It was contemplated -when the Secretaryship of State for War was instituted. Any other arrangement renders the existence of such an office anomalous and absurd. It is necessary if Parliamentary responsibility for the conduct of military affairs be anything more than a fiction; it accords wish the practice of the navy, in -which abuses are undubtedly fewer than in the sister service; it affords the sole safeguard against indirect and dangerous infLuences; and it secures the intervention in military administration of at least one mind free from professional prejudice and trained to the management of civil affairs. Those who know how stubbornly, as a class, military veterans adhero to the system under which they have served and fought, scarcely even aware of the objections which may be brought against it, -will not consider this last advantage as one of small moment. If the two offices be readjusted in the manner I propose, it matters comparatively little to v'nom the command-in-chief is assigned. The Duke of Cambridge, I take for granted, will be chosen. His appointment I accept as an inevitable event. The seleetion might be better, and it might be far worse; all I contend for is that a statesman, a civilian, a man of cool judgment and independent mind. shouLd be placed over his head as a guarantee of mailitary reform, and still more of opposition to umconstitntional influence. A CIVILIA'. I,ondon, July._ _
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-About a weel ago I noticed a paragraph in your columns statimg that the mildew which has made such havoe among the vines on the continent had also attack-ed the currant grape of the I.evnt, but that the vines had been treated with sulphur most successfully. No informatiDn, howeVer, was giren as to the mode in which tiMreuedy was applied. :May I, therefore, be allowed a, Corner of your paper, to inquire of some person -who may be informed on the subject, in what manner the sulphur was applied to the vines, growing, as of cousse they do, in the open air? Having had the misfortune to suffer from this destructive disease, year after year, in my own grapery, I am, in common with mnany others, deeply interested in discovering a remedy, and shall feel grateful for any information which may be elicited on the sabject. I remanam. Sir. Yours obedientlv. A NORTICULTURIST. july &
Uh.IVEESITY CormGc HospriAL.-Mr. - Henry Thompson, F.R .C.S., has just been elected assistant-surgeon to this excoellent charity. - B Tfl Cno-Ro.aD.--Yesterday (Wednesday) afternoon, about half-past 1 o'clock, a Sre of a very extensive character, and which was not wholly extinguished atT o'clock last evening, happened on the premises belonging to Me-srs. Green and Co., cabinetmakers and tinibermerchants in the East-road, City-road. As to the origin of the disaster nothing positive could be obtained, but there is no reason to suppose that it was otherwise than purely accidental. Tae total loss is very considerable, and though Messrs. Green's premises are not entirely destroyed a axst amount of property has been destroyed. Fortunately the irmn was iwnmred anthe Monarch Fire-office. The premises of Mr. JIouchin, egineer, in Craven-street, and those of hlr. Gearis, ironfounder, in Park-street, have both sustained damage by fie and water, but not to so serious an extent as to put 3 Stop to their business. - We are requested to state that the.gentleinan mentioned in the case of French, -at the Insolvent Debtors' Court, Yesterday, in 2'7e Times, is not Mr. Thomas Bolt, son of Mfr. Rolt, MY.P for Greenwich. BRISTOL SuGAR MrAREM, Wednesday, July 9;-A brsk b-tsiness has been doing this week in groers' sugrs, at an advance of 6d. to Is.-per cwt. The brOkeri& offiOes ae cleared. No sagars suitable for refirs are on show, but they are badly wanted. Rnm re-aun "dy. WMEs-From a return, moved for bv Xr. Oliveira, MP., it appeas that the quantities of wine re- aininig under boid m the United kingdom on the 31st of March, 1855, amounted to 11,180,171 galons, of 'which 239,129 came from Southa Africa, and 1,971 from other coloIsis. 'iB9,849 from iFrncs, 5,442,484 from- Portugl 3,628,8C3 fronm Spain, 29,373 from Vdeira, 50,149 from HIolland, 9,704 from tbe Canary Islands, 2,708 frojis the Mores, 256,255 from Naples and -Sicily, and 432,74S gallops froma other countries,
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (r1MOM OUR OWN CORRIZSPO7DZNT.) [A pertion of the foowing appeazed in oursecond edition .of ssarr-_ ±.V S, 1TUESDAY, JULY X, 6 P.M A telegraphic despatch froim Em'1s announces the death of M. Fortoul, M1ini- ter of Public Instruction. 'The melancholy event took place suddenly, as the deceased was conversing with Mf. Magne, his colleague. M. Fortoul had been taking a bath a few minutes before. He left Paris some days since to enjoy a-brief repose after laborious duties in his department, and he intended to spend a few weeks at Ems. Though apparently im good health and robust, it seems he had suffered for some time from fainting fits, which latterly came on frequently and -occasioned uneasiness to his fanily, who were, how-ever, far from apprehending such a result. Al. Fortoul was only in the 46th year of his age. A despatch from the Crimea announces that the portions of that peninsula occupied by the allies were given up officially by Marshal Pelissier to the Mussian Commander-in-Chief on the 7th instant, snd that from the 8th every one still in the place was under Russiau law. A captain of the French Staff has been Ieft as sonsular agent for France until a regular functionary is appointed. The complete evacuation has been, therelore, effected two -days before the date I anticipated. The Borysthelne reached Marseilles on the 6th instant, w;ith the Levant mail of the 26th ult. Onehalf of the division of General Chasseloup Laubat, the last remaining in the Crimea, had been emharked, and the 51st and 69th Regiments of the L ine, formning the brigade of General Chanfroi, had pasaed t-hrough tha Bosphorus on their way home. The onl1y French troops then in the Crimea were the lGth battalion of Foot Chasseurs, the 33d, 44th, and 94thReginuents of Infantry, detachments of the lYaggon Train, and persons attached to the Commnissariat. The English army was reduced to 3,CCO men. Balalava was to be given up on the 2d, to the Russians, whose police advanced posts were still at Karanyi. The railway materials had been shipped for England. Six English steamchips, fitted as transports, had passed up the Bosphorus, going to the Crimea, to embark the remainder of the English troops. The whole of the Anglo-Torkish Contingent had returned to Constantinople. The 10th Regiment, which was left at X:ertch until the reoccupation of the place by the :Russians, landed at Constantinople on the 2tli. The Piedmontese troops vere to have completely evacuated the Crimea at the end of June. The lailing frigate San Michele, and the steamers Costituzione, Tanaro, and Authion, were there, loading the var stores of the Sardinian expeditionarycorps. 5,C00 or 6,000 Bashi-Eazouks, lately organized in Rouumelia, were being marched by detachments to Varna,where they were embarked on board English steamers for Sinope, Samsoun, and Trebizonde. The Porte has fixed the amount to be paid by its -ion-Mlussulman subjects for their exemption from military service atJ2,000,000f. a-year, a very mode-rate sum considering that the number of males -of the different communions is not less than ,00,000. This amount, however, is only temporary, until a general census of the population shall supply data for fixing it definitively. Tnm-n mediately after the ret-urn of t.he Grand Vizier the Divan was to discuss the affair of the Principalities. Except the union of the two provinces, the Porte seems inclined to accede at cnce to all the proposed reforms; but it is feared that a consider-able time will elapse before matters are finally settled. Turkey is represented as perfectly tranquil at present, and nothing is heard of disorders -anywhere. During a recent excursion of the French Ambassador along the shores of the Sea of Mlarmora he put in at Rodosto, and reeeived a visit from the - consular body. The Greek Vice-consul made a speech -full of the most ridiculous charges against the -Turks, relating to acts of atrociouis barbarity which i -he asserted had been committed in certain parts of the province, and expressed a wish that diplomatic intervention might put an end to the savage atrocities -which prevailed. When he had concluded his address M. de Thouvenel asked him if he received news regularly from Greece, and what was the date of his last despatches. 'The Hellenic agent replied that he had re-ceived no advices for a month. The Ambassador then related to him all the crimes committed at Athens and in its environs during the same period, and told him plainly that when a man had the misfortune to belong to a country where such crimes were committed with impunity at the very gates of the capital he had no r.ght to censure whiat passed -elsewzhere, especially wihen he had no proof to offer in support of his accusations, w;hich were known to be false and malicious inventions. It is said at Constantinople that the A-usirian Consul at Tenedos has been suspended from his functions, for having, by false reports, excited great alarm as to the situation of the island, and accused the Mussulmans of assassinating his son. It appears that it was on the authority of this agent that the captain of the Austrian steamer Imp6ratrice circulated a rumour at Constantinople that the Turks had risen against the Christians, the only ground forwhich assertion was, that a young fellow had received a few blows with a stick for having almost killed a Turkish girlby riding over her. The Coun-ier de isar-scilles says " The arrivals of war mat&-iel from the Crimea are very niumerous every day. In addition to that of our own army they comprise cannon, mortars, and other trophies taken from the Rtussians at SebastopoL But what particularly attracts attention is an immense quantity of singular projectiles emplosed by the Russians in the desperate defence at the latter part of the siege. Some of these are long -tubes of cast iron, dosed at the end by -wood, and containing -as much as 150 kilogrammes of ball and grapeshnt; others are masses of ball and grapeshot packed in canvass, covered wvith a thick and strong tar, and of a cylindrical forni, of -about one metre in length; others again are bags of sail-cloth, containing the same charge, and made to fit guns of the largest size. These strange projectiles were only destined to be thrown a short distance, and in many of them in'dammable materials are mixedL" The following private telegraphic despatches have been received- " MARSEILLES. JULY 7, E,vNznTG. "On the 24th of June,when the powers of the Hospodars of Wallachia and l Moldavia expired, no resolution had been come to relative to their successors. In Mroldavia Prince Ghika has placed himself at the head of the movement in favour of uniting the two Principalities, and neglects no mcans of exciting opposition to the Porte on that point. *The Greeks, Axmenians, and Jews have arranged to pay 'the Porte an annual sum of 62,500,000 piastres for exemption from n;ilitary servicea. "I The troops sent to Nablous and Maratch advance so sowly that the guilty parties will have time to escape. " The Commissioners named to regulate the organization -of the Principalities are to take their departure as soon as -diploreatic relations have been restored between Turkey and Russia. " The JVowUaZl de ConstantinoVle says that English and XIrench Consuls are expected shortly at Kamiescb " at a grand banquet given at Kertch by the Russians to the English officers the utmost cordiality prevailed, and the persons present drank to the health of aU the Sovereigns in reVIENA, JuLv 7. "A telegraphic despatch from Constantinople of the 4th states that the Grand Viier Azli Pasha had arrived there." The situation of Spain is sufficient to inspire serious uneasiness, if not alarm, among those wvho are desirous of seeing that country strong and prosperous. The late, excesses afford sufficient evidence -that the revolutionary spirit has infected a part of the population. One cannot but be struck with the simultaneous character of the recent excesses perpetrated on points distant from each other, and without any pretext to justify them. The destruction of manufactories in various parts, and the attempt to burn the standing crops along the line from Valladolid to Santander, show the very stupidity of ci-nme, The crops were burnt because bread vas dear, as if t-he destruction of the material of which bread is- made womld render it more plentiful. I mentioned that, according to the official despatches, no disturbances had taken place in Barcelona, and Captain-General Zapatero did not apprehend any. But it has beenl ascertainled that incendiaries quitted Bar- celona for tae mountains, and have attempted to burn another manufactory near the town of VIchL Theze thinmg can hardly be considered as mere isolated acts of outrage, that may occur -in any state of society. There are evidently traces of a preconceived plan, and the official journal of Madrid stated lately that the disturbances at Valencia wera involved in great mysterv. Each party will, no doubt, cast tho blame ,on the other;- but whether it be Socialist or Carlist, orreactionary in the Polacosense, it is certain that the state of the country gives cause for great disquietude. "The Emperor," says a letter from Ploinbilres, " continues to enjoy good health. EHis Mai makes frequent excursions in the ueighbourh1bd . and also takes a, good deal of walkingexercise." - Letters from Vienna anno-unce that the Austrian Cabinet is ready to offer tho French Governmwnt every suitable reparation for the murder of the French soldier at Ui-rgevo. Some weeks ago t]ie'Municipal Council of Nantes offered a residence for the Imperial Prince in that town, and the old palace of the Dukes of Brittany was spoken of as selected for the purpose. The Emperor has not thought fit to accept the offer, as will be seen from the following letter addressed to the Mayor of Nantes by the Minister of the Interior:- " Moisieur,-The Einperor has be5n dulY informed of the deliberation by lwhicb, on your -,rpeition, the Municipal Council of Naistes request His jeity to be graciously pleased to acc Mptthe offer of a residence for th. Pxince ILperial The :Fmer was highly gratified by the feeling which prompted that deliberation, and has charged meto express all his rTatitud6 to vourself, Xonsieur, and the Councillors of your good and loyal city. Bqt the realization of this idea would be attended with Considerable expense to the town, and His Majesty desires that such an outlay should not be incurred, especially since the terible disasters caused by the overflowing of the Loire. His Majiesty cordially thanlk the town of Nantes for this mark of attachment to the heir of hia dynasty, and begs you will make known to your fellow. citizens li)w highly he appreciates this new proof of their affection and devotedneas. Accept, &c., BILLA1FLT." The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 71f. 60c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; and the New Loan at n1f. 65c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,402f. 50c.; Great Northern, 1,095f.; Strasburg, 957f. 50c.; New Shares, 870f.; Paris and Lyons; 1,450f.; Lyons to the Mlediterranean, 1,800f.; Western of Franoe, 967f. 50c.; Bbrdeaux and Cette, 775f.; Great Central of France, 682f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 810f.; Bank of Crddit Mcbilier, 1,567f. 50c. ; Austrian Railways, 875f. Cossra Auzthe e--PAas, Julfy 8.-Coals Prioes.- Fourr ndta.Half per Cents. (not reimbuble for 10 years), 94f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (65 pfer cent, pid), 9F.; ditto Certificates, (65 per cent. p.aid), 94f., Tbzee TerCent. 71f. 4Qc. 50c. 45c. 40c. 4-;c. 50c. 55c. S0c. 25c.; dftto second l oan of 1855 (65 per cenlt, paid), 711. 45c. ; dito Certificates (65 per cent, paid), 71f. s5c. * Bank of France, 4,150f.; Credit Foncier, 6S0f.: ditto Obligations of 600f., Four per Cents., 4°0f. * ditto Three per Cents., 3S'3f.; ditto. Tenths, Four per Cents.,90£* ditto, Three per Cents., 76f. 25c. Prom. Obligations of 1,OOOf., Three per Cents., 930f.- Credit lslobiier, 1,670f. 1,56-f. SOc. * Discount Ban3k, 700f.;* Pied3330ntese Five per Cents., 94f.; dittD Three per Cents., 5Sf.; Austrian Five per Cents., 88X- Romans, A- Haey. tian Loan, 525£.; Spasli.h Three cer Cents. 45V, ditto Interior Debt, 39t. Exchange on London, at sigeht, money, 2Sf. 25c.; three months, money, 24f. 973c. TURKEY. (7IoM cOn OwN co]EsPONDI) T.) CONlSTANTINOPLE, JuNz 26. I wrote to you in my last of the commission whiclh has been appointed by the English Government for reforming the English consulates in the Levant, and that this commission originated in a memoir sent by 3Mr. Hornby, the English loan commissioner,to the Government. Mr. Hornby was some months ago appointed judge to the consulate at Constantinople, and had thus an opportunity of making hnimself practically acquaintedl with tlle existing system. Being himself a lawyer, he turrned his attention more especially to the consular judicial system in Turkey, the result of which is some admirable suggestions. Before speaking of the judicial part of the consular service, I must say something about the position of Consuls in general in the Levant. The consular system in the Levant is one of those institutions 'which have outgrovn themselves. Originally instituted for the protection of commerce, in 'which quality alone thley exist in most other States up to this present moment, circumstances have changed the Consuls of the Levant into so many semi-independent authorities. To the discretionary power of arbitration in matters of commerce an illdefined judicial and a nearly unlimited political authority has been added. This change was gradual and nearly imperceptible. As long as but few foreigners resided in Turkey, and the communication with Europe was confined to one or two maritime towns, even the judicial authority was in the hands of Ambassadors, and it was only when these latter no longer sufficed for the pressure of business that they abandoned this part of their authority to the Consuls, reserving to themselves only the power of appeal. The political power of the Consuls dates onlv from the new reforms, and it forms part of the pDlicy of the European Powers in Turkey. Right or wrong, it was assumed that the reforms were rather concessions to the public opinion of Europe than the conseouence of a want felt by the rulers of this country ;thisassumption was, moreover, strengthened by the corrupt practices of the Turkish officials, whose excesses were considered as arising from an unwillingness to carry out the reforms in a fair spirit. To obviate this ovil the consular power was extended into a kind of political censorship. This change of the consular power would have natorally required a different organization and different engines to be effective. and most of the other Powers have long aio changed this primitive imperfect consular system in the Levant. They have made of it a special service, with a strictly defined organization and a class of cnployJ specialy educated for this purpose. England alone has remained behind in this respect. Its consular system has been biult up according to the emergencies of the moment, withot a plan and 'without an organization, and has become one of those antiquated institutions whose culmbersome formas are continually in collision with thewants of the present, and thus impede that energy and nnity of action which are so necessary for their efflciency, especially at this mnomnent, 'when the probable large increase in the relations of England and Turkey will still more raise the importance nf the Consuls. ITnless something be done in this respect English interests will never be properly represented in the Levant. There are chiefly three poinlts to which I should like to draw attention. The first is the exact demarcation between the ambassadorial and consular power, with the view to a union of the consular body in the Levant; the second is the regulation of its judicial powers; and the third is the choice of officials. As for the first, it is scarcely possible to imagine anything more vague and confused than the position of the Consuls. They are supposed to be subject to the jurisdiction of the Ambassador, whose support they require in many cases, and yet they correspond regularly writh the FBoreign-oftice, and receie often direct instruetions thence. With such a divided command collisions, delays, and failures are inevitable. The first thing to be done seems, therefore, to put an end to this irregularity. But this alone would scarcely be sufficient to establish the necessary unity of action. To do this it is indispensable to unite the consular body as such. No attempt at such a unity existsnow. The Consul-Generals are nothing more than Consuls in larger places with larger salaries; they do not form, as in the consulates of other Powers, a connecting link between the Consuls and the Ambassadors or the home Government. The, consequence is that the latter lose themselves in details, without getting a general idea of the state of the country, 'which would guide them in their policy. The settlement of thia point offers the greatest difficulties, for, if these intermediate links are made too independent of the Ambassador, they will be an imperieum in imnperio; if, on the other hand, they are made too dependent, the consular body as such 'will cease to exist, and only form part of the Embassy. But even before this point can be settled, it 'would be very useful to put all consular affairs of the embassy into one hand, and to appoint one of the officials to have exclusive charge of them. Inthe appointment of Consul-Geneials the provincial division ought to be taken as a guide. The provinces of Turkey are so different in their condition and their interests that they form, -s it were, distinct units, in each of which consular activity ought to be concentrated. Thus how widely dififerent is Syria from Asia MIinor, or the latter from Rlumelia! Each requires a Cons,ul-General, or there must be confusion. The second important point in the regulation of the Consulates is the organization of their judicial functions. MSr. Hormby proposes to separate the judicial from the consular functions. The want of professional knowledge and the want of time make it impossible for the Coisuls to perform this important duty 'well. Mr. Hornby proposes therefore to appoint a consular judge with one cir two clerks atConstantinople, who should -be intruisted witlh the formation of a megular civil and crimnual couit, while the Consul would be the execuitive magistrate, or soniething like a judge on a circuit and the sheriff of the county En the provinces this judge should hold circuits once or twice a-year, to ju(dge cases of greater moment or £it on appeals fronthle decision of the Consuls, in whose hands cases of minor importance could be left. But the judge would not be sIfficient 'without a code of laws and a system of procedure. English law Mr. Hornby thinks not :zpplicable, on aWcount of the relations with tie native Government and the aubjects. of foreigu Powers. The Maltese or the lonian code -rould form, according to Mr. Hornby'a opinion,,a good basis, and on this certain principles of English law should be engrafted, which would have on many subjects a far more general application than the French law from which the two codes were taken. As for the procedure; that of the Coumty Courts of England should be adopted; in smal cases oral proceedings, for large ones printed forms in two languages for plaintiff amod defendant. For criminal cases of smaller importance, or, more properly, police cases, the Consuls judge and decide at present, whereas for eases of greater importance no nearer tribunal is at hand than Malta or Corf u, where the witnesses have to be taken. Bsaides this difficulty, the Co3suls follow the system of always defending their subjects, whether guilty or* not. This crininal jurisdiction Mr. Hornby would likewise give to the consular judge, in which he would be &ssisted by a jury of the leading inhabitants. With reference to suits between subjects of different Powers Mr. Hornby would, if possible, do awaywwith the mixed cotrts, which are objectionable and partial; he proposei that the plaintiff's Consul, or locum feneso, should attend, and have a consultation. These are the general features of the plan which Mr. Hornby proposes for the regulation of the judicial functions of the Consuls. They are as good as they are practical; they are more-they are very necessary in the present state of the consular bcody, for the appointment of a consular judge of high standing would supply not only the want of knowledge and time to the consular body, but likewise of a more essential qualty in which unfortanatelyasome of the member are accused of being wantinag. This brings me to the last, but not the least important point in the regulation of tho consular system intheLevant-viz.,the class of employes. In this England is perhaps more behindhand than in any other. AR othergreat countries consider the consular office in the Levant as iraportant enough to require men specially educated for the purpose. England is still given to select trading Consuls and native ViceConsuls, and, moreover, she does not choose them always well. Many of Them belong to the mongrel set of Levantines whohaveno tieeither tothe country to which they nominally belong or to that in which they were born. It is true that lately an anxiety hasbeen evinced to clear t heConsulates of the Levant from this element, or rather to let it die out gradually, but there is nothing to substitute. Although the relative position of. the Embassy and of the Consulates has been left as undecided as before, a very strong line of demarcation has been drawn between the consular anc! diplomatic emnployes, and whoever of these latter enaters once into the consular serviee has, soto say, lost caste, and has, exceptin extraordinary cases, no chance of getting a diplonmatic appointment. There are therefore only few- in the diplomatic service w ho decide to take this step. The abolition of this distinction would furnish at once the means of recruiting the consular offices. The education ought to be rather practical than theoretical; for instance, young men of the Foreign. office who wished to enter into the consular service should be attached to one of the large Consulates, where they would soon gat a knowledge of business and of the language. AXter this has been done they might be employed for some time at the Embassy, to learn likewise that pait of their profession, and when once thus qualified they would be fit to take charge of a Consulate. One would thus be sure to get men who could be trusted, and who would likewise have a previous knowledge of their duties. It is now nearly certain that the Ottoman Bank will carry off the palm from its competitors. It has found favour with the MJinistry, and will now be submitted, for a final decision of all the points of detail, to the Council of State. The usual form in these things is this-the question is submitted in principle by the Government to the Council of State; tben the Ministry works out the details, which are again submiitted to the Coimcil of State. The latter, having adopted them, prepares a report to the Sultan, to whom the final (lecision in this matter wsill be referred. It is like the last leap in a steeple. chase-namely, the most difficult; for the oppositioin which, from one cause or another, did not show itself openly, works all the more energetically in secret. Aali Pasha is expected every day. Telegraphc news has reached of his departure from Vienna to Trieste on Sunday last. Fle will probably be here at the end of this or the beginning of next week. I need not teD you that he is anxiously expected.$ The Turkish military authorities seem to have vowed to the poor Contingent that deep hatred which outlives the tomb. All the promotions made by the English officers during the. time they commauded bave been cancelled, and the regiments broken up. They seem anxious to eradicate every trace of the Contingent. The dissatisfaction of the soldiers ha3 brought out a feat;ure which proves better than anything else that the Contingent was successful-they turn in these bheir adverse days to their former commanders, the officers of the Contingent, and seek redress and protection from them. The last troops of the Contingent have arrived and have been given over. AUSTRIA. (FROM our. OWN Coicar.oNnxrT.) VIENNA, JULY 5. Odds and ends of isformation relative to the misunderstandirng between the Duchess-Regent of Parma and the Austrianis have already been forwarded, but it is now il my power to lay before your readers a connected account. of what has happened. As the Duchess Louisa observed thtat the Austrians were resolved to hold the reins of government as long as the trials of the political prisoners lasted and the state of siege was maintained, shecommunicated to the Austrikn General, Count Crennevile, her wish that the persons who had been arrested on suspicion of having been guilty of assassination should be brought before the regular criminal court, and the state of siege abolished vith- out delay. The Austrian commander demauded. instructions both from Vienna and from -Marshal RadetAky, and the latter at once sent off Count Tahum, his civil adlahrs, to Parma., Trne Austrian statesman endeavoured to persuade the Duchess not to insist on the prisoners being tried by non-military courts, but she remained firmn, and besides declared it to be her will that the state of siege should be abolished as soon as possible. The Marquis of Soragna, who was President of the Military Commission which was to try the prisoners, made common cause with Counts Crenneville wanid Thnn, and represented to his Sovereign that she and her son would be exposed to great danger if the protection of Austria were withdrawn. The Duchess replied that she was resolved to rule in her own house, and expressed her intention to declare the Military Commission "incompetent." The Marquis thereupon tendered his resignation, and after some' little delay it was accepted. M. de Soragna had a second interview with the Duchess, and it mu st have been somewhat stormy, for the Marquis lost his place as Marshal of the Court, and was put onthe pension-list as a Field-Marshal-Lieutenant, wbich is his rank in the army. . The end of the matter was, that some of the prisoners were liberated at once, andthe others transferred to the civil authorities, by. whom they are to be tried. As soon as the trials are at an end the state of siege is to be abolished By their conduct the Duchess of Parma and her official advisers have become objects of suspicion to this Govermnnent, and it is here firmly believed that, should any disturbances arise in the dvchv after the' hustrian troops have fallen back on Piacenza, the Sardinians wil be called in to restore order. The fact is, that the Parma Government is composed of men who feel as Italians, and consequently prefer the Sardinizns to the Austrians. All the Ministers approved the conduct of the Duchess3 Regent, with the exception of M. Lombirdini, the Chief of the FinanCe Department. As Austria suspects that there is a secret understznding betweer. the Governments of Turin and Parma, it will be no easy matter to induce the Inperial forces to withdraw from the interior of the duchy. All classes are now so intent on watchiing the movements of the Ronman Catholic bishdp'- that they trouble them-selves coniparativgly7little about other matters. The people coiaplain generally anud Iitterly of the grasPing1,. spirit displayed by the Roman Catholic clergy, aid' aver that the reports . sent in of their pecuniary losses are greatly exaggerated. .. The prevalenjt opinion is, that the authors3 of the concordat svill, Foon have occasion to remark that a great political'. blunder was committed when the church was midd'. a power ir the empire. Within the last few :sonths-a new corps, calle., 'the Adjutanta' Corps, has been formed in kustria. It consists of,.Genoral Cout. Grilnne as cef, of one field-marshad-lieutenant, five major-generals, 10 colonels, 18 lieutenani-colonels, .22 majors, 34 senior captani. of cxlairy, 12 juxuor'cap. tains, and 20' fAnt lieui'enants. fhe Tcorps is a highly 'privileged oile; :and consequently an object of envy, and dilike to the Irest of the army. The Austrian army has been greatly reduced. since 1855, hut still the number of h-gh officers is enormnous, ati you will see by the 'following list :-Fjvefeld-maralmls, 44generals of artillery, 192 'field-marshal-lieutenants, 277 majorgenerals, and. 518 full colonels. A fewdays since -we were told by one or other of the daily papera that several military edifices were not to be carried out on such a mxn!ificoent scale as was originally proposed, and information haa nDw been given me that the observations applied more particularly to the projected buildings at Wieiner-KN'eustadt. It was found that the - various colleges for the accommodation of military students of high and low degree 'would cost some 10,,OO,Off. . (1,000,0001), and a ciever reckoner calculated that each student was likely to 'cost the State about 700fl. (701.) a-year for lodging -alone. It is stated that Baron Brrck was the person who first objected to an outlay vhich the-State is so ill able to bear. The military architects have just given a striking proof of their total want of taste. iL very handsome gate, called the "Franz Joseph's Thor," has been built between the city and the suburb Weissgraben, and on each side of it -has been placed a caserne of such enormous proportions that the gate is completely buried. The inhabitants of Lombar;lyhave suffered a very severe loss, as only one-third, of the usual quautity of silk has been produced. A disease appeared among the silkwrorms 'which carried theml off by thousands just beforethey beganto spintheir cocoons. On an average the value of the rawv silk produced in Lombardy is 40,000,000 florms. ITALY., (mROM oUR oWNa CORSrON-DUNr.) NAPLES, JuY 3. In a former letter I mentioned that a political prisoner confined in Montesarchio was ill with a mortal malady, and yet in chains. I asserted that my statement was true beyond the possibility of refutation. I have now to add fresh particulars of the unfortunate Alfonso ZeulE. On the 25th of last month, in almost a dying state, he was taken from the prisa, and transferredto the hospital at Capua. His chain had been taken off a few days only before his departure. Of tho weak state to which this victim of political vengeance had been reduced you may formn some idea from the following facts:He waS SO ill that he could not bear the movement of a carriage, and was taken, therefore, to Cancello in a portantino, and was accODmpanied by the physician, and, I believe, the chaplain. The mercy which was shown to him, theni, amounts to this,that after his body has been consumed by persecuiion in chains and damp prisons for many years, every preparation was made for the decent appearance of his soul in the presence of Him who is King of Kings and Lord of Lords. It is an edifving instance of the high religious feeling of the Government, and it is to ho hoped WMll reconcile to their fate those who are now sLiffering or who are yet to suffer. As to the arpearance of Zeuli, I am informed that he was reduced to a shadow, without an ounce of flesh upon his bones, aznd, thus spiritualized, he is at length taken out ot prison, with a priest at hand ready to secure him an entrance into Paradise. At Capua no friends await his arrival to close his eyes. Poussports have been hitherto refused to his relatives, but, as much interest is being used to get one for his brotner, it is to be hoped that. he will conme in for the closing scene. I must, in justice, say that evervthing necessary had been prepared for his journey, and that by the local authorities he was treated with the utmost attention. Sympathy, though dangerous to those wvho show it ,eo much, is one of those sentiments which the Government of the Two Sicilies has not as yet been able to suppress. I have called more particular attention to the case of Zeuli, not for the reason that it is one of an extraordinary character, but because the details have' been brought more clearly before my eyes. The wonder is that so many .are preserved alive-the more so -when it is remembered that out. of 500 political prisoners immured in the Bagno of Procida for political offences since 1848, 80 have died. This, and the political trials, are pleasing facts, and very pregnant with meaming at the present crisis. They slhow how great are the enormities which may be sazlely practised by the Government,and how great is its disposition to yield to the " friendly representations" of other Governments. They, have asked for bread and received a serpent. As Cicero wondered that the augurs did not laugh in each other's faces, so we vwho Nnow aples wonder that statesmen do not laugh when speaking of friendly representations, aud of their hopes that they wmill be listened to.. Is: it the first time that such representations have been made? Are not the archives of the British Legation full of such futileremonstrances? It is an insult and au injury to Italy, in the face of a host of facts,to confine ourselves tosim.pleremonstrances,the only probable result of which will be to irritate the petty despots of this country and to embitter yet more the position of their subjects. Once having decided on the principle, whic'h Lord Clarendon appeared to have done wlhen he spoke of " exceptional cases," and something more tban remonstrance became necessary. That something iore need not be lmuch. I nowv send you in conclusionl an address fromr the Neapolitans to Count Cavonr. It is important as shoinig the incr3ased inifluence which Piedmonit has gained by recent events, and the greater approximation which is being effected betwveen the Italian nationalities:- "THE NxE.AroLITAS TO COUNT CXVOWU. "The Parliament and the aniy of Piedmont have made maLifest to the world that civil iurudence and military valour are the patrimony of Italiani, a patrimony wvhicbl falls not benieaththe sithe of time nor Nvith the vicissitudes of history. This vwisdom and this courage ro longer suffering delay, you have lknown how to engage in the great affairs of nations and in the struggle of giants in the Crimea. Those deeds now bear upon them the impress of the Italian arm, and your name will never he blotted from tho pages of human gr3atness. Those who once regarded your counsels as rashiness now applaud you with astonishmnent. They have bean enabled to perceive that privileged minds pierce deeply into passing events; that happy results are almost alw.ays the effect of wvise preparations,- and that therefore the intellect of. nman makes even Fortune obey it. The Piedmontese soldier carried with him the he.art and the well-wishes of the Neapolitan people. His triumphs and his glory were a ray of living light, which penetrated into the innermost soul of the Neapolitan soldier. We have seen him tremble with indignation at the unhonoured ease to which he is condenined. . Praise be to your name ! those were the testimonials which you brought forward for Italyyou afterwards undertook to prepare for it. amid the nations a third glorious life, to create for it a more -robust existence-a more wonderful civilization; and now we, and those of the other Italian provinces, though impeded in body, have begun to live, it may be mid, in this third Italian cradle, Piedmont. This is the newr impersonation of Italy which you with infinite dignity and firmness have represented-in the presence of potentates, and for which we are loved and hated. In this way bave you asserted the right of us all to live as Italians in our great and 'coveted - country. Eternal glory be 'to. yourf name ! The sentiments of Neapolitans for such benefits do not find terms sufficienitly strong to ,ive themexpression. You; most distinguished citizen, while sustaining and defending your country, would have a feeling of repugnance that it should proffer to you, by our lips, though we are your 'most oppi'essed fellow-citizens, w-ords of g,ratitudo;, on'& our hearts are so deeply moved that silence- woulc oporess us still more. Aocept, then, at least oneact of our deep affection and of our profound admiration. If we Neapolitans nowv live in Piedmont, yon live also in our hearts, and our children shall ever repeat your name Nith love and veneratioii. Your nsme, as it is, is a terror to those v,,. oppress us,-to thoEe who envy us our independehce, mur liberty, our mo.ality-eo is it hopa to the orspressea, comfort to the wea, and a support to the bold. And this name, which sounds not less revered in tho palaces and in the w ritings of free aind enlightenednationsthis name, we trust, will be also, and that before long, the herald of the, well assured indepIndence and union of SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid ,rem of the 4tlh inst. The inquiry into the causes of the recent Socialist movemeiit in Castile was proeeding at Valladolid unnder the direction of 31. Escsura, but hitheito its origin has' remained a mystery. The execution of two or three woomen ;who were tobe placed in capil&a had been suspen'ded, in the hope of obtaininj from them inportant disclosuwes. The red crosseswith which the h ouses doomed to destruction i and plunder. had bsecn marked had reappeared, and ancendiary placards' had been 'po'sted up thirouili the towl. The Natioiial.Guard (of Rioseco had been. Tdhsted by. order:of .a. Escosura. .. The cholerahmd again broke:rout at Se.ille. Ont the 30th ult. nunerous cascs pccurred, and all thew ealthy inhabitants h od abandoned the city. t' A telepphio deapakt aoum hes ariaL
DAVIDSOZV'S DIVOBCE. . .' -, HlOUSE- OF LORTA .Tm.-r 9 Their Lordships remed the ie4isg of- this ae at 3 etclock to-day . Xr. Wood, li. vidn's father, was recalld, and he stated that he had had a conversation with his daghter respectg L. FAnile Ialouatte remaining in herw aperenta sllzight. Hehad-told-her,howwrongit wa. fe believed she wI nfeteCy innooant of the crime of adultery, but gul E^reat misoontuct. Eblibh Carrr waa called on haholf of Mmrs Davidson, snd stated tlat ihe had formerly been in the Denioe of -Mrs, Wood. She was acqunted with Mrs. Davidson, and bad been esamined on bel f oMr. Davidson in the proceedings in the Consistory Court ainst his wife. Size the commencement of that 'suit she had;had a conveation with Mary Anin Denman on the subject of M. Davidson's supposedgnilt. She said she was very sorry forthe family. and Mary Denman said she belieyed Mrs. lavidson was not guilty. She said, what a serious thing it -would be if Mrs. Davidson was guilty, and Denman said, " Yea, but abe is not guvilty." Crms-examined.-She had been in the service of Mmrs Wood for fLve yeas. She had been thre up to the 5th of October, 1854. Her present business was that of a dres. maker. She had slnce been employed by M Woods family and by Mrs. Davidson. She had been abroad with the family before MrsDavidson'smarriage. 3m Davidson was left for six months at Boulogne to perfect her in the Fiench language. She recollected seeing a picture of NL Enlle Lalonette in Mrs. Davidson's pocket. That was about sLx or 12 months before she left mrs. Wood's serioe. She did not hear whose picture it was. She was not aware that there had been any inqiry made about it by Hr. and Mrs. Wood. She heard noig about any letters. There wAs a disturbance about the portrait, but sle did not hear what it was about. She did not know that the ladys parents hadinsisted upon her returning the picture. She would not swear that Mary Ann Denman did not say, " I never saw any guilty act on Mrs. Davidson's part; I don't Inow that she is guit." She believed Mary Ann Denman might have used those words. Mary Ann Denman told her that M. Lalouette had passed the night in Ini. Davidson's apartments. She did not say npon that, "Then she is guilty." By Dr. TnASS.-She had discovered the picture in 1853. By 3r. Serjeant W "ANGnA .-She first heard the name of Lalone'ts about six montha before sho left in .854. By Dr. TwIrss.-Mary Ann Denman told me that the reason HL Lalouette had passed the night at hEM Davidsou's apartments was because he was taken very ill. Denman said she had not left them alone during the night for more than a-quarter of an hour at a time. By Mr. Serjeant Wr%NGOHL-She was quite certain she had heard the name of Lalouette before she left Mrs. Wood's service, bnt whether she was told it by Mrs Davidson or saw it upon a letter she could not say. She had not heard of the name during the time she was abroad with the family, Mrs. Davidson wvas, at the time she was at school in Boulogne, 17 or 18 years of age. Mr. Serjeant WRAINGRAV, in addressing their Lordships in reply, contended that there was sufficient evidence to warrant their lordahips' reading the bill a second time, even without taking into consideration the testimony of Mary Ann Denman. All that could be suggested against that witness was that she had sometimes been of one opinion and sometimes of another with respect to Mrs. Davidson's guilt; but on no occasion had she contradicted herself upon a matter of fact. If their lordshins believed her evidence, there could not be the least doubt remaining upon their minds as to the guilt of Mrs. Davidson. He therefore prayed the House to read the biU a second time. The LouD CH". CELLOR then, after going through the facts of the case, said, that he saw; no reason to doubt the evidence of the witness Denman, and if the facts as stated by her were to be believed there could be no doubt that Mrs. Davidson had been guilty of the adultery charged against her. If that witness was believed, then it was made out that this lady had formed an attachment for this young Frenchman before her marriage; that she had corresponded, with him secretly subsequently to her marriage; that she had persuaded her husband to talce her to ParIs for A week, she all the time intending to remain there for some considerable period; that having got rid of her husband she had received this yonug man into her apartments; that lIe had undressed and spent the greater part of the night in her bed, she all the while Idssing and fondlinghim ; that, asfaras human inference could go,he was a person with whom ii she had the opportunity she wrould commit adoltery. That opportunity had been afforded her, and in his (the Lord Chancellor's) mind there could be no doubt hut that she had availed herself of it. Under these circumstances he had to move their lordships that the bill be read a second time. The bill was accordingly read a secondtime.
JUDICIAZi COMMITTEE OF PBVry COUVCIL, W edncsdk?,, July 9. THE ALME AND FPAMNY-AflSSION OF FURTEr. PROOF F1rAM (!TPTflPR (Before Afr. PEIMERTON IGIH, Sir EDWARD RYMA, ,si42 Jo Px FATnESOIN, Sir JonYe DODSON, altnd Sir W. 13. MAULE ) This was an appeal from a decree of the Judre of the 1igh Court of Admiralty,reftising to allow the captors to bring in further proof, and rejecting the certificates and reports of Lieutenant Ituxton,- Lieutenant Stubbs, and Captain Stewart, and decreeing the simple restitution of the vessel and cargo, without costs and damages. The Aline and Fanny, under :Luheck colours, sailed from Lubeck on the 24th of October, 1S55, with a general cargo, hound, according to the depositions and pavers found on board. to Haparanda, in Sweeden, and. was captured on the 14th of November, 1855, as stated by the ma-s-ter, between 63 and 64 degrees of north latitude, about 20 English niles fromn the laud, and just within sight of the coast of Finland; but, according to the statement ofthe captors-rejected by the Court of Admiralty-about seven miles N.N.W. of Jacobstadt, in Finland, by Her Majesty's ships of -war Tartar and Dragon. The vessel was captured for breach of the blockade of Jscobstadt, and the captors offered to denose to her having apparently ran for the anchorage of Jacobstadt, about three or four miles from the Dragon, then at anchor inside the island of 'Maskar, off that town, and that on opening the point of that island, which gave a full view of the Tartar and Dragon, she set her boom-mainsail and hauled out on the port tack, and that she was constantly thereafter kept in view by one of Her Majesty's ships, who chased and actually captured her about seven miles N1.N.W. of Jacobstadt; whereas the master stated that she first saW the Tartar at a distance of 16 miles from the coast of Finland, and he denied that she ever attempted to break any blockade. The learned judge of the court belowr refused to admit anv evidence on behalf of the captors as to the place of actual capture, or as to the circumstances connected -with the attempted breach of blockade, and the flight and chase ensuing therenpon. Against this decision the present appeal was prosecuted by the captors, to which the claimants adhered on the ground that the property ought to have been restored with costs and damages. 'IThe QuEEN's 'ADvOo.xE. on behalf of the captors, said, this was the only case in which the Crown had prosecuted an appeal during the late war; it was, however, a case of so much importance as to principle that it could not be passed over sTub site ttio. Since the Declaration of PLris the case had become of vastly greater importance than it was before. If the principle involved in the Aline and Fanny was to be adhered to iln future blockade would be an empty ceremony. No blockade would avail if, because a neutral vessel captured came l ith what might be called a clean bill of health, the captors were not to be at liberty to answ er it. The principle laid downin the judgment in the court below w as, that where there was no doubt the captors' evidence could not be admitted, but in special cases in which there might be doubt it might be proper to admit it. What, however. was to be done in those instances in 'which the claimant's case was quite consistent, but where it was deliberately and knowin"ly f'lse? If a claimant, in a blockade of the Baltic, swore tilat he was taken in the Mediterranean, and the captor offered to prove that it was in the former and not in thelatter, surely the captor would be allowed to "ive evi dence, notwithstanding the consistency of the eTaimant's case. The principle was in considerable doubt; the practice could be shown to have been not always consistent, and the consequences had been most extraordinary. Suppose, in a cargo case, the claimant said that the cargo wvas sugar, and the captors could prove it was -gunpowder, would they not be allowed to establish that fact ? The Ostsee had introduced a new and material alteration in practice, and the claimants in the present case adhered to tha appeal, and prayed f'or cots and damages. It seemed almost monstrous to condemn captors in costs and damages without allowing them to show that the wrhole of the statement of the claimants was a falsehood. When a claimant asked for and obtained further proof sinaptidier it did not let in fuirther proof on the part of the c.ptor, but if the claimant asked for it by plea and proof, then the captors were entitled to the same privilege. The relevancy of the evidenice which the captors proposed to offer could not be disputed. The only book of practice and the best authority-Dr. Pratt's edition of Stereys Priec Practiceclearly contained no passage to show that captors could not be permitted to bring in further evidence as to the place of capture; on the contrary, it adverted to their capability to do so. 'lThe. sunn and substance of the following cases proved that in one form or other captors' evidence was ad. mitted :-The "M ariae (1, C. Ilob., 340); the `' Skrah" (S. C. Rob., S30) ;,the "Der Friede," cited by the learned judge in the court below from Dr; Barnaby's MS. notes; the " Glierkti-heit" (6; C. Rob., 58); the "Xomeo" (6, C. Rob., 352)-,the ". Apid" in 1810 (Printed Papers),the ISally,"(1 C-allison, 400) ; and the "Bothnea and Jahnstoff" (2Wheaton. 169). The " Haabet"(6, C. Rob., 57), uponwhich the learned Tudge of the Admiralty Court relied, seemed to him (the QLueen's Advocate) to be distinguishable from the " Aline and Fanny," and the decision in the "Romeo," 'qualified the case of the "Haabet." In tbe .Rapid"Ithe real point was the place of capture, the paes ioined msue and brought in their proof. There was no such inflexible role as would induce their Lordships to shut their eyes to evidence so ma. teral as that offered in this case. The Aline and Fanny had on-board an- orthodox catholic cargo, whlich would have been acceptable 'in any port. She had put into two Swedish pata in theaharrowest part of the Gulf, where it-would have been easy. to coiiimuiuca te with the enenmy. The excuse alleged for going there-was stress of weather, but it did not appear from the log that there was any ground for it. Although the admission of further proof might not lead to the condemniation of the vessel, yet it would justify the captors in her detention. If the learned bjudge in the court below had thought it a case free from suspicion, why did he not condemn the captors in costs? Ho trusted, however, that, upon a review of the whole of the case, their Lordship 'would reverse the decision. DIr. DRAx-N followed on the same aide. Dr. AmDuI.s, on behalf of the claimants, said,it hadheen nrg6d by the Crown in several cases that they were entitled 'to give furtherproof, not to prevent a condemanation in costs and danmae, hlt to procurea 1condemnation -of 'the ship. -Itwi ormly'1e0055a7to cite the "4Maria" Stpiak's& dmiraty Prize Can, ,trt ii, 321). If ever there'wras a nsa znomi fron all posble doubt and suspicion it La the one now 'before'their Isordsi pa. - That appeared froia the jUdginent appealed fro3a, and fror4 maxtters wthi adzitt4 of o contradiction. The learned judge had aid thst, so farP Ati biUs of 15ding and documents of that description coula- tiit to prove deAination, theyallpointed to Hapruanda. Tks were no I"s than 41 lls of lading to that port, d yet it wAz m ow sUppo4.ed thastthuy were sl conoectl nfri~d Lfoistl ToMe! flt Luhec-, and that her obect was to go to Ja64stadt He would not; go ito the ote d the weathe or * condition of thelog. If thcre were any doubte on those quej tions, the captors might have asked for the attendance of Trnity Maste in tLe court below. The master de that at the time of capture he ws" 20 es from F u n he appeared to be a respectable man, and what motive oudd he haye had in perjuriughimselfon a point with regard to which he miight expect, if his evidenoe was untrue, that 1r would be contradicte4l by the cnptors H He could not have been acquainted wvith the technical rles as to the admisaon of captors' evidence. It was morally impossible to concei'o th evesseasailing for acohadt. Thecases citd on th other side had DO direct bearng on the question t issue. Itr wasnow almost admitted that if the judgment was correct as to the restoration of the property there win mo ground for refusing the claimant's costs ad damugas Comparin this ce with the -:Fortuna" (SpinkXs lrize Oae, 307), he conidnotconceive why costs nd damrge should not be given. Therepy was adjoulrned until to-imorrow (this day).
LAW REPORT. COURT OF CEA.NCERI, IaNcomils-Uy;, Ju 9. _. - FyARMA V. lLVERPLOCiK. [Before the lOltD CNCELTT.f)R_l us1a par;-neAva appeal trom Vice-Chanoellor Wood, was this day concluded. The bill stated that, in the year 1709, Johbnn Maria Farina invented eaon de Cologne, which shortly afterwards became well known and in great repute with the public. In January, 1841, all the right and title to the secret of the invention and to the business of the manufacture, as carriod on by the inventor and his descendants, became vested exclusively in the plaintiff, Johann Maria Farina. IL June, 1852, the plaintiff, who bid for many years previous been engaged in assisting the other descendanuts of the original inventor in manniacturin; eau cle Cologne, invented for the purpose of distingnaiSnig it a certain label on whicNh vns engrved "Johann 1Eali Farina gegenilber denm Juichs Flatz," ,ith a peculiar flournsh, and also a seal or staanp. This label was wrapped round the bottles, and had beenln nse ever since as tie trade mark of the plaintilt The plaintiff then saUted that he had recently discovered that spurious eau de Cologae wvasbeingsold in bottles with labels an exact copy of those used by the plain'tif so as to defraid purchasers and greatly injure the repute of the genuine eta do Cologne. The def endAnt, who w as a printer of labels, had been in the habit of printing and seLling large numbersof labels, wihich w-ere copies of, and contained a similar signature, &-c., to, the trade nark of the plaintiff, to purchasers who had pasted them on bottles containiDg a perfume not nmanufactured by the plaintiff, and thatbysuchmeans a very large number of suchbottles had been sold, and a large number was now in the marklet for sale as containing the genuine eau de Cologne manufactured by the plaintiff. whereas, in fact, the sazme contained only a spunious man de Cologne of a very inferior quality. The defendant, having refused to desist from such printing and selling, the plaintiff filed this bill for an injunction to restrain him from so doing. The afidavits of the defendant denied the title of the plaintiff to the sole and exclusive right of nanufacturing ean de Cologne, or to the trade mark claimed by him, which was exactly similar to or closely resemnbled the signature of several other mnanufacturers residing in Cologne, and using the name of "Johann ari Farina." The defendant also stated that he was a printer of labels for the use of dealers iAn medicines, &c., and that he had carried on busine;s lor 25 years; that such labels, including the labels complained of by the plaintiff, were printed and published bybim bonl fide, and without any combination or collusion with any person. and publicly and openly sold'at his warehouse; that this branch of business had been carried on by many persons for the lastlO10 ears, wv as a we lknown trade, and was indispensable for the convenience of retail dealers, who were frequently obliged to replace th5s4 wrappers and labels which were soiled or spoiledL by exposure in the shop. The defendant also denied the correctness&of the description, " Gegenhber Jilichs Platz," as applied 'to the premises in Cologne occupied bythe plaintiff. Theplaiutiff had filed further affidavits in reply, in one of which it was stated that a clerk of the plaintiffs solicitor had called At the defendant's warehouse, and asked fo. labels for "Rowland's Macassar oil," "Atkinson's essence of spring flowers," Ike. The question vas asked if he wanted the names ons them, to which "Yes" having heen answered, one of the defendant's shopmen said, " We don't keep them with the names on; if we did ve shouldsoon ba in or it." The Vioe.Chancellor granted the injunction asked for by the bill, and the defendant appealed agaiint that decison. la. WnLcoc.i andar. Burronwere heardforthe appellant. hir. DIAxN L and Mr. HErsET saGTox- supported the order of the Court below. The LORD CHANCELLOR, at the conclusion of the arguments, went through the facts as above given, .nud bsated his opinion to be that the judgment of the Vice-ChanceLor ought to be vamied. He a7greed with the principle laid de. n by that Judge as to the power of this Court to go to the fountain head to stay an injury, but did not think that that principle was applicable to the present case; which _was one rather of fact thmanof law. The evidence proved that, the plaintiff was entitfed to the trade mark claumed by him aud the only point, therefore, was whetherthe defendant had say right to print labels with that trade mark upon them. Now, with respect to this, the affidavits of the defendasnt stated that many labels were sold by him to persons for the purpose of replacing spDilt labels on bottles containing the genuine eatu de Cologne, and this allegation was not satisfactorily disproved by the plaintiff's evidence. If, thereforc, the defendant wererestrainedfrom selling any labels at all the Court would be preventing him fromi carrying on a legitimate trade, while stopping an illeitimate one. UJnder these circumstances, the judgment of the Court below must -be varied by dissolving the injunction and substituting the following order.:-Retain the bill for one year, with liberty to the plaintif to bring an action at law zo establish his right. Re3erve the question of costs. Liberty zo (Before fc LDunS Jusrcs o APprEAT-) BADDELEY V. nBROOKE. Mr. F. S. Wrinmcs applied in this casse, in which the bill had been dismissed with costS by Vice-Chancellor Kindersley, that the plaimtiff's petition of apueal might be received and set dowvn far hearmig without The usual deposi-, and that the plaintiff might be at liberty to prosecute the same infor mad pau1perr. Lord Justice NtIGaI BRUhCE.-Why is the application made to the appeal Court? Why not apply at Tne Roils ' Is it Ce parlc or unon notice ? M r. Wri.nsis said, the application was made tx porte on the authority of aen order made by Lord Lyndhursc in tle ease of " Heapsv. the Church Building Society," on the Sth of Juine, 1So. With regard to an application at the Rolls bhere might be a dilficulty, as thejudge there might not feel at liberty to dispense Nrith the deposit. Lord Justico ExNcGnT litucn.-According to my own imprension, the M1aster of the Rolls could cercainly aake the order. It is an order of course, if not upon notice. Mr. Murray, Clerk of Records and Writs, stated that it had not been the practice to make such orders at-the Rolls after the dismissl of a bill. He had seen the affidavi' of the plaintiff on which the application was grounded, aud it appeared to be quite regular. Their LDonrssirs, after some further discussion, iiade the order as asked, Lord Justice RxsoGir BEsscEintinsa.i*g his clear opinion to he that no resort was necessary to the appeal Court. The signature of counsel bwas, isnis view of the matter, amply sufficient, aitd the order could as welt be maide at the Rtolls. If, how.ever, the parties had a peculiar fancy for this court they might, w ithout harmt, be- indulged. The order might he taken as asked. LAtFKE V. SCiuTrox. The further hearing of argwinents in this appeal from a decision of the Master of the Rolls occupied the remainder of the dtay. Mr. Rounde'a Falner and Mr. Erskine support the decree of the Master of the Rolls- Mr. Roupell and Mr. Sheffeld are for the sippellants - Mr. Chapman .Barber for parties who did not appeal; Mr.1. W. E. Forster Appears for the Earl of iXevon.
COURT OF QiUEEI BENCH, Gxmin AT, JULy 9. SOCINT-ri ,oniT1-r, I __ __ ALTLN V. ltYSSENAEFtS. (Sittings at Yin Prous, at Guitdhall, before Mr. .Tuztc I EPIE and a Specida Jur?.) nil'. w Sl sonand .lr. IMnisty were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Atherton andr. Barnrd for the defendant. This was an issue frDm the Court of Chincery to ascertain whether the plaintiff was interested, and, if so, to ivhat extent, i a concessicn granted by the Dutch Government to the defendant for the establishment of a submarine elec. tric telegraph between England and Hollamd. The case on behalf of the plaintiff, as it appeared front the statement of courhel and the evidence of is wuitiesses vra, that he is a sciertific gentleman, formerly residing st Edinolurgh. In the year lt;0 he took out a Patent for ani electric telegraph. Being desirous to bring his invention forward, he obtained an act of Parliament in August, l 85. to authorize him to dispose of his ptent to an intended company, to he called the "United'igdon. Electric Telegraph uompany;" he tben endeavouredto obtain a concession. aivm tIne Belgian Government for a telegraph to Os-tend; but,beingunsruccessful, he turnedhis att,t,itionto HOlsted, and was introduced to defendant, a Duitch gentlesuau `wh0' was then in Londo,. After some meottltioi it as arraged that the Dutch patent, obtained by the plaimituf, ahould be transferred to the defendant, who was to proceed to Holland to obtain -a concession from the Dutch Governnitn. For certain reasons the plaintiff did not wish his n3ame to appear, and it 'was terefore azreed -that the concession should be taken;in the name of the defendant only; he Wasto be manager in rolland, and sll his ex]peInse 'were to be poid. he aomrdingly proceeded to Hoiand. tiff foluowed hims, hut only remained a short time. liowhtvrte e vdoat Thi raoaluoe adlas the lay B.e then forwarded defendaiso hs od and plans torlay before the Govert nment. On the grth of Mlay, 1S52 the DcICeSSIOn Wa granted by the Dtth Government to the defendant, 'who then returned to England. Several interiew took place betireen the plaintiff and dt.feudaat and me gentlemen who represented the intWud cthelanny. ofThe t defendant wasaz vr anxions to h obtain soe ready imoney foir hisintesas in the concession, osed appeared to have finr.ued a ery exagterated -idea of the value ct Uit; plaintiff agreed So allow:hint h-alf ofwhatever they-eceived. Thelpromoters of tlesew compan offered aL roalty of Is. on each message, -which 14o abut 12 pr oent. on thgrou proceeds, asth Dutch Governmenti hdfixed 8.L 4d. as tli muaximuma char_ fora messae -While matters zwere in this state plWntiff va4 ob liged to go to Etolyhead, to aup,eriutend the,layingX xlown of the wirinto Tx*land, & n .maabeenceheaaw& paragraroh in 'ke 2Irnacr, MA that ieendaut ha dispoe aftm ofoewouioxto Mr. =hcardo, wb eprseented thze -d UC Telsgrajsh-Oo-P&eaw Plailitiffat oee retined boLnos e-wa.ndtab1e to btain any aetiafactory exhnation ftont the dekfendaut, aud ierefore fLd a bill ir 4 fsl rj tea moiety ofth coneaion,
CO'URT OF COMMON PLEAS, GuIDATiT JTVY 9. OAPESTE V. PA*1ER. IBefo,e Lord fPhief J2jvfjpp TF.RC -,, - r T... i *tr. ESerjeant Byles and Mr. Brewer appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Watson, Q.C.,. and Mr. Stammers for the defendant. This was an action for a breach of covenant, and the pre* mises were described as Cherrymount, in the county of Waterford. The plaintiff had taker. a lease from the defendant in the year 1843, and subsequently some proceedings were instituted in the Encumbered Estates Court, from which it appeared that, previous to.the lease, a mortgage of the premises had been made by the-trustees under the marriage settlement of the defendant's father for securing the sum of 10,3001. The plaintiff therefore received 751. from the mnortgagee for soune improvements which he had made and, having left the premises, which were Eold underan order of that Court, he commenced this action against the defendant for a breach of covenant, alleging that he had expended various sums of money upon the property. After the case had proceeded some time, the LoaD CmxFv JusncE suggested that a special case should be stated for the opinion of the Court, which was agreed to. ClARLTON AND WIFE V. BARER. Ths was an action for damages for an injury sustained by the plaintiff's wfe. - Mir. Montaga Chamber5, Q.C., and Mr. Lush appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. zialcolu for the defendant. It appeared that the plaintiff and his wife, who reside at EWalworth, -were driving home baetween 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening in the month of March last with their infant child, when the defendant's van, driven by his mnan who seemed to have been indulging a little upon the evening in question, ran against the plintiff's cart, and in the jerk the plaintiff and his wife were both thrown out, and the latter -was munen hurt about the collar-bone and shoulder-blade, and altegether so much shaken that she had been for some time confined to the house and obliged to havethe attendance of a medical man ever since the accident. It had also been necessary to have a nurse for some weeks. The defendant had Vaid 10E. into court, but uoon the plaintiff proving that the doctor's bill alone amounted to 101. 10s., independently of other expenses, Mr. SerJeant Saiw, upon the part of the defendant, expressed his regret that the accident should have occurred, and adaed that in paying the sum of 101. into court the defendant imagined that it wrould have been sufficient to Cover the expenses the plaintiff had been put to. The learned Serjeant then yielded to a suggestion from his Lordship, and a verdict wvas taken for the plaintiff for 201. CflIIt S V. PHILLpS. Mr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. T. Chitty appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Meior, Q.C, and Ar. Unthank for the defendant. This was an action for damages for dismissalfromthe defendant's service; and the question was whether the agreement between the parties constituted a hiring for a whfole year. Tihe plaintiff was a bonnetmaaker and milliner's assist-ant, and the defendant a mercer, and formerly proprietor of a juvenile millinery establishment, in Regent-street. The plaintiffhad been for some time engaged as assistant in a house at Manchester, and, being desirous of obtaining a situation in London, she applied to the wife of the defeadant, who accepted her services, at a salarv of 251. peranuum, with board and lodging; and, according to the terms of the letters which had passed between them, the engagemeat was to be for a "permanency," the plaintiff having objected to come to London for a short time. er the plaintiff had entered the defendant's service it became necessary, for the sake of his wife's health, that he should give up the millinery establishment; and the plaintiff, in conjunction with the other assistants, seven or eight in number. had notice on the 23d of November that her Eern-tes would not be required after the 23d of December, that being. as the defendant contended, the usual notice adopted by the trade-viz., a month's notice or a month's salary. The plaintiffmade no objection to the notice, which Was a verbal one, at the time it was given to her; but upon the defendant handing her a check for ther salary on the 23d of December, the day fixed for her departure, the plaintiff objected to the amount, and insisted that nuder her engagement she was entitled to a quarter's salary, or to have another situation provided for her; and in support of this view it was urged that where engage3nents aniong milliners assistants were meant to be temporary they were hired for the season only. Upon the part of the defendant, various witnesses were called to prove that the monthly notice vwasthe usual custom of the trade. The CMxv JUsTIca-Brother Shee, I think the word "permuanency" means a distirctiou from a mere season engagemuent, and unless you can alter the facts as provedi I shall direct the jury accordingly. You have the custom distinctlyproved.. Mr. Serjeant SsEE.-If that be your Lordship's view, I feel that it twould.be useless for me to address to thejury. TheCHxv JUsTca.-Thecaseis a.tanend. Gentlemen you will fmd your verdict for the defendant. Verdic- accordingly.
- COUJT of BANKRUPTCY, BawnghallUstre4, TuZly 9'. IN RE E. NWVNDLE COLE. (BefTem Mr. i --n W I wn"- - narllpt was a merchant in Birchin-lane. Mr. L.nRzuNcE appeared on behalf of Messrs. Laing and Campbell, in support of an application that a dividend wvarranit for a sumn exceeding 700L, as at present detained by Mr. Graham, the official assignee, mnight be given ap to Messrs. Laing and C am jbelL. M1r. Bagley, for MesSSrS- BaileY and Sadgrove, anLd Mr. Chidy.ey for other creditors. opposed the application. The CaeaNssMiON.-nt -Was there nlot a special reservation in the case of this PiOf'? Mr. GsRA1ss.-Tere was. Mr. L,AWRANCE said, the amotnt of the warrant was comparatively of secondary or no considerationto the annoyance felt by his clients. Having realized property in their hands of corsiderable amount, and shown that their transactions with the bankr-upt were as clear and proper as could possibly be, the proof was made 12 months ago, a time at which it was important to test everythmg connected witn the bankrupt's affairs. Mr. Laing was one of the assignees, and as to the bons ftdos of the debt of Messrs. 1aing and Campbell not a word could be said. The fact of a dividend warrant being withheld from a merchant of the city of London occasioned a feeling which ought not to be permitted. Mr. Laing bad devoted a great deal of valuable time to the investigatiun of the bankrnpt's business transactions, and whether that had caused other parties to op pose this proof be would not stop to inquire. Three weeks had elapsed since the last meeting, and he felt that the Court would say that there had been sufficient delay. Books had been furnished that had nlledthe roomin which the Court sat, andthe proof had been most clearly and satisfactorily established. Ar. BAGExY said, his clients having moved in the matter, were ready to incur any costs consequent upon the course they adopted. Messrs. Laing and Campbell's proof had already been reduced thonsands of pounds. In October, 1854, Lr. lAing swore a proof for 11,8551., and in Tar, 15, the proof was adnlitted for 7,1591., showingsa difference off upwards of 4,0001. Mr. I.aiag had since admitted that another sum was to be taken off the 7,1501. There bad been another mneeting at which Mr. ILaing wans the only witness. Creditors h-ad come to the resolution of examining other witaneses with a view to contradict the e vidence of Mlr. aing. TIhey believed that so far from Mr. thLig being entitled to any dividend -warrant whatever, his din was actually a debtor to the bankrupt's estate. The present position of affairs partly arose from the destrzction of documents that creditors thought probably ought to be in the Possession o-f Mr. Lairg Andother cause for delay was the obstruction cpnse quent upon obtaining thet bashnkrupt'sevidencehe being in atthe Ise evidence aththe oulasnt meting wsh, nut conclusive. .roeewnsglad to hearl frem Mr.ed tsrance thatthe with. holding. ofTherdivienld warrant causedtno pecuniary inqoin- vcnec toay thilens There wer oteuanlerecl independet crdior whdow were desirous tof takechesmater up. -Mr. CeLIDLEY, as representing othier creditors to the amount of upwards of 2,0001., alsVo resisted the application and ask-ed. for a sitting on the question of othier proofs. His HoNour. said that, as the inquiry was not concluded at thle last sitting, he could not cut it shurr, but it maust proceed with all possible speed, the, vacation being approtch"ng. There would be a meeting for further iniquiry on Thursday, the 24th 6f July. INf lRE S. WOOL.DRn)GE. Th :e banlwup-t (a widow) was a buLtcher of Winchester. lIr. Iavni'A?cn, on he-r behalf, applied for a certificate of the fiistclas She had been in business 35 yca,atnd would be now'solveut to the amount of 8001., instead of deficieet 7001., but for incurring liabilities on behalf of her son. The latter was abookoiler at Winchester, and l'adtaken a part in political matters which had not resulteda'ccording to an' ticipation. He had subsequently been established in ths Strand, andhad promoted thepolitical and religious viewE of persons in high ,osition. Mis. Wooldridge had brought Up g filv. This ws her fist -failure. She had the good opinion of ill persons in 'Winchester her bankers were almost her only creditors, asx " unavoidable loBS and Wnisfortune," upon which he relied for a firast-class certificate; 'Was the lisbility incurred for her son, in addition .to advances made to him. His Hoxoun said, he should have been very glad -if he could grant a fist.cbls certificate, the cae being a really meritorious one; but improvident; advances, even to a son, ought to be restricted within the limits of justice to other creditors. In a moral point of vi-w that victimized class, brothers, aunts, and sisters, ought not to make advances as a mere stopgap, but take due care that wben such advances were made they were characterized by wisdom, pradence, and a fair and reasonable prospect of beneficial results. In nine cases out of ten these family advances never did any good. Although he could not, solely on Dccount, of these advances and liabilities, grant a first-CasS e.ertificate, he would say that he never took a more favourabe view of any case in hich he granted a certificate of the second class. Great merit was due for the good book lkeeping. He had often adverted to the admirable manner in which' the women on the other side of the water kept their books, and he honed that the practice would be more generally i mitated in this country. Second-class certificate accordingly. IN RE BERJAM REDGE. The bankrupt was an apothecaryr of Putney. His accounts extend from J'anuary 1, 1853. to Mtay 28, 1856. They com'menco with a deficiency of 621., and close with unsecured creditors, 8,5011.; creditors holdieg security, 1,6411.; proprty beld by secured creditors, 2,6001; other assets, about Er!1* Tlaere are losses to the am;nunt of 6,2481., including 1,331. by webbing manufactory, '41. by Tin Vale Min Ing Company, 1,3771. by Rowlev's pate&t leather, 4671. by .patent boiler, and 2,416 by the Dennis Consols China Clay and Tin mine. Mr. LWItANCE said, the assigaees did not oppose, and the bankrupt passed his examination. IN RE T. E. PO.ONS. The bankrupt was a timber dealer of Reading. Mr. Link. later opposed, and Mr. Bagley sipported this application for a certificate. His HoyoUsPconsiderecd the case one that called for a suspension of certificate (third class) 12 months from the examination meeting, with protection.
SUMMER ASSIZES OXFORD CIRCUIT. ABINGDON, WEDNESDAY, JTLY 9. Mr. Zaron Aiderson and1 r. Jrstice Wightman left town yesterday, at 10 o'clock, by the mail train, having previonsly given notice that the business of the assizes would be proceeded with at once, after the usual formalities had been gone through. But the "law's delay "has long been proverbial, and yesterday the Great Western Railway Company delayed their Lordships so long upon the line that gentlemen who left town by the 11 o'clock train overtook theni at Didcot, and came into Abingdon by the same train. Their Lordships having openedthe commission, and attended Divine Service, took their seats in court soon after3o'clock, Mr. Baron Alderson presiding in the Civil Court, and Mr. Justice Wightman in the Crown Court. The cause list contains on entry of only three causes, one. of which is marked for a special jury. The calendar contains a list of 16 prisoners, chnrged, -with one exception, with offences of a very light character. CIVr CounT.-(Before Afr. oanro ADsERtsox and a Common .T-ary.) TERRY V. VA!TMORE. Mr. Seating, Q.C., and Mr. Gray, appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Skinner for the defendant. This was an action to recover compensetion for trespasses on the plaintiff's land, for cutting down and appropriating his underwood, driving his cow, and assulting his person. The defendant pleaded the general issue, and eeitat the land in question wvas the plaintiffs. It appeared that the plaintiff-vas entitled as tenant in common to one-fouth share in 10 acres of land at Swallowfield. The defendant's father was entitled to threeeighths, and his uncle to the other three-eighths, but this latter portion was morlgaged. It seemed that the defendant and hls relations had for. some time disputed the plaintifl's title. The plaintiffsent his cow to graze on the land, but the defendant drove the cow awav. On another occasion the plaintiff went on the land to claim a share of the urderwood, which the defendant had cut. down. The defendant was already there, armed with a willow stick, prepared to resist the plaintiff's claim ; and, as soon as the pl3intiffrnadehis entry, the defendant, with his willow stick, struck the plaintiff on the head, smashed his hat, and ultimately beat him off. The hat was produced in court, and certainly appeared to be in a sorry state. The plaintiff's counsel desenbed the hat as a particularly strong one, and hence inferred that the assault on the plaintiff had been most violent; while, on the other hand, the defendant's counsel said it was only a 's. 6d. gossamer. The hat, however, spoke for itself, M1r. Baron ALDEnasoz observed, that if this affair had taken place on the other side of the Atlantic, the defendant might have had a cow presented to him by subscription. (Laughter.) The plaintiff was so exasperated by these proceedings of the Watmores that he rushed into Chancery, and applied for an injunction to restrain his co-tenants in common from similar acts in future. Be aiso filed a bill for a partition of the land. Mr. Baron AtDERsoN said, that, in the language of the '"ring," this would probably be caUled putting a maen's head in Chancery. (Laughter.) The defendant continued to dispute the plaintiffs title, and atlength sent him in a bill, charging him with pasturage for his cow. The plaintiff was so aggravated by this last proceeding that he determined to seek a speedier remedy for h is vrrongs then he could get in Chanceryj and, accordingly, he brought the present action, and now caUled uo jury of his countrymen to vindicate his rights. Whle the plaintiff was detailing the stegs which he had taken in Chrancery to procure redress, Mr. Baron .AvnnRsos told. t,he witness he thought his head must have been cracked before he went into Chancery about such a matter. The whole land was only 10 acres, of which the plaintiff claimed one-fourth After all the law was over the plaintiff would have as much left as would cover the palm of his hand. Mr. SimNNER, forthe defence, complained that the plaintiff had persecuted his poor neighbours with this action at law, in addition to two Chancery suits. When a Lchfield proctor criticized rrene, on the ground that the first four acts exhausted every variety of human sorrow, Dr. Johnson told him that he had reserved a still greater calamity for the fifth act, for he would put his dramatis persoins into the ecclesiastical courts. 1'hat only resource nowl re-- mained to the plaintiff, and those courts, long disused; would probably soon expire in a blaze of glory with "Terry's case." The learned counsel suggested the smallest coin in the realm would be suficient,by way of damages. Mr. Baron AIDERSON, in summing up strongly remark-ed on the defective state of the law which drove aman into such a tribunal as the Court of Chancery, where the property in question was so small as in the present suit. What. ever might have been the plaintiffs foUly, that oueht not to doprivem of his rights, and the jury would give him such damages as would vimdicate those rights. Mr. bua% found for the plaintiff, with 40s. damages. n ALDERSON granted his certificate that the cause was properly brought in a superior court, so as to entitle the plaintiff to costs. (Before a Special Jury.) PARSONS (CLERsI) V. Grasox. Mfr. Whately, Q.C., and Mr. Gray appered for the plaintiff; Mr. iSeating, Q.C., asid Mr.eW. Cooke for the defendant. The plaintiff, the Rev. Mr. Parsons, was the perpetual curate of Sandhui, and he brought thepresent action against the defendant, the lorl of the manor, to try, the title to a scrap of land, consisting of about 20 perches, which the plaintiff said was part 0o his glebe, but which the eefendant said was waste of the manor. The cause was referred, and we have since learned that it has been settled hy the defe:ndant paying SOt. inL respect of costs, anud being -allowedtoretain a portion of the disPuted piece of land. - The only other cause was an undefended action of ejectment, in which the plainatiff obtained a verdict. Mr. Baron AsmLDistsoN then assisted in the trial of prisoners. CRDXrAL COiTn.-(Before Mr. Justice WIG}nr,x.) Maria Tarraut, a married woman aged 25, was charged with the wilfulmurderof Charles Tarrant, herinfant child, at West Shefford. Mr. Skiuner appeared for the proseeution; Mr. Williams defended the prisoner. On the 12th of May last the body of an infant child, was found in a field, near a spot pointed out to the police by the prisoner herself. It was proved that the prisoner was a married woman, but was not li ing with her husband, and bad been delivered of the infant in question in the month of December last at Breatford, ishere she was then- lodgin She took care of the child at Brentford till the .16h of March, when she carried it to Mortimer, toi the house of a woman named Hannah Moss. She left with the child, then inr good health, on the 17th of March, but the ehild was not seen again till the 12th of May, when it was ploughod up in a field near to Chaddleworth, in the parish of West Shefford, tt appeared that on the 12th of May some inquiries were ma do about the prisoner's child, and the nolice went to her and auestioned her on the subject. Shewasthen living at hermotlershouseat Chaddleworth. She at first said she had not had child, and that she had not seen Hannah Moss for 12 months, but she afterwards admitted that she had had a child, and said it had died of the thrush, and that she had buried it in a field, which she pointed out. The field was searched, but no child was found. A further search vasthen made with a plough, and at length, near the spot pointed out by the prisoner, the body of a child was turned up. The body was extamined ya surgeoo, MIr.H A LDoncan, who nowrstatedthat is appeared to have been a fat, healthy child, and that its v iscera wvere all healthy. One side of the head was found to be siinashed in, and, from the circumstance that there wfas extravasated blood about the wound end that thie loth which covered the wound was saturated with blood, the witness irifrred tbht the skull had been sisaslbul in during liFe. The ploughman who turned up the body said he was sure theploughshare had not touched the child. The surgo n--uas not asked. whether the child might not have died of thrush. T Mr. WiLLt irs, for the urismner, said there was only the opinion of the medical manto show that the injuries spoken o had been inflicted during life; and he coitended it would be unsafe for the jury to convict the prisoner of such a charge as murder upon sech dvidence. If the prisoner had been richer, she might have been a.ble to call witness6s who would have given evidence of 5k contrary character. Mr. Justice W1G11TeIAN SUmimed UP the case with great minuteness, and left it to the .jury to say, upo,n the evide nce, wvhether they wore satisfied, bey ond all reas-onable doubt,that the child cAne to its death by woundas wilfully inflicted by the rmothier during life. - I: The jury, without hlf a miutee; con uiderAtion, found the Mr. JusticefNGV TMat then put an the black cap, anui in a most impressive manner prononncM sentence of daetli. The prisoner, who dia. not exiMbit any signs Of feeling, was then remnoved. - During this trial the seats bcside the learned judge were crowded with ladies, most of them being young ladies in tb,iir teens. This concluded the bnsiness of these assim's at a, little after 3 o!cloek.
MLDTANIb PTR(flTTP NORTHAMPTON. JuLY 9. *rXle comMissions tor the countyandOtwnot Notytampton were opened yesterday afternoon before Mfr. Justice Cresswell, wlo this mornng proceeded with the trial of prisoners in the Crown Court. The calendar contains only the namnec of four prisoners, charged respectively with the offences of manslaughter, rape, perjury, and concealment of birt't. On the cifil side there is not even a s-.ngle cauEe entered. and the whole business of the assizes vwas concluded before 3 o'clock this afternoon. CROWX COUuT.-(Before Mir. .TV,s!kC CRESSWSELL.) Joseph Burton, 28, las charged dth aving committed a rpe upon Sarh Steele. Mr. Merewether was counsel for the prosecution, and Mr. Cockle for the defence. The prosecutrix, ani aged and infirm woman, -was passing through Easton Neston on the 31st of May last, on her return home from the house of hezbrother, with whom she had been spending the day. As she wall in the act of getting over a stile she saw the prisonercoming towards her with his dress in adisordered state. Theoldlsdywasituchstartledat his appearance, and hastened across the stile into the road. When she had proceeded some 200 or 330 yards on her way she turned round and saw the'prisoner still standing by the stile. He alm-ost immediately ran after the prosecutrix, and in coarse and revolting language mkde improper over. tures to her, which she indignantly repelled. le then en- 1 deavoured to effect his purpose by force, and at length succeeded, despite the resistance which the prosecutrix ineffectsally offered. The old Lady, in tears and great distress, sought refuge with a .Urs. Big am, to whom she at once comeplained of the outrage to, which she had been subjected. The prisoner, who lived at Stoke, but who had been seen at Towcester during th, day, was shortly after apprehended, and identified by the old lady. Wei said that he returned from Towcester by a diffirent road to that along which the prosecutrix was passing; but this statement was contradicted by sevsral witnesses, who proved that he must have been near the stile at or about the time that Mfrs. Steele was supposed to have crossed it. The jury Convicted the prisoner, who was at once sentenced by the learned Judge to four years' penal servitude.
qOTTTTf 'WA r.V- tlm h¶TTVT CARDIFF, JULY B. (teporc Mr. Justie UROMPTON.) James Price, 1S, David Brown, 18. and John Burrell, 17, boatmen, were indicted for burglarionsly breaklng and entering the dwelling-house of one Joseph Bartbolomew, at Cardiff, and stealing 3s. worth of copp?ers, his property, on the 15th of April last. The circumstancesof thiscase pCssess some public interest, as Bartholomew is' a respectable toll collectcr, and the burglary was committed at a tollgate with considerable audacity. Mr. D. T. Evans conducted the pro;ecution. It appeared that the prisoners broke into the old man's house at a turnpike gate, and, after treating him very roughly and blinding him, they proceeded to ransack the premises. Some persons called outside " Gate, gate F" and the gatekeeper made sOme useless attempts to attend to his duty. Three shillings worth of coppers, three penny-pieces, and a new wvaistcoat, belonging totheroll collector, and two gate tickiets filled up, were Etln flis LORDscnr having summed up, The jur,vreturned averdict of Guil.!yagainst aDl the prisoners. The jury also found Price Guilty of the subsequent felony, and he was sentenced to four years' penal servizude; the other prisoners were sentenced to six months' hard labour.
CB272RZL CrMINA L COU1T, Ju.ly 9. or.n roTrn.' (Before Mr. Juastice COizcUnE,) John Wilson, 28, a deternrined-looking man, w.-as indicted for feloniously cuLtting and wounding William Middleton, with intent to nmurder him, and in another count he was charged with intending to do the prosecutor grievous bodily harm. Air. Bodkin and Mr. Clerk conducted the prosecution; the prisoner was undefended. Mr. EODKLN in opening the case to the jury said that the charge against the prisoner wasi one of a very serious character, and which would require their best consideration. The offence imputed to the prisoner by the first count in the indictment was stei capital, and it convicted upon that count his life would be farfeited. The learned counsel then proceeded to state the facts. and said he believed that the only question in the result would be whe. ther the prisoner really intended to kill the prosecutor, or whether they would be justifid in taking a more merciful ,iew of his conduct, and convict hint only upon the second count in the indictmenit, which would not involve his life. The following evidence was then adduced:- William Middleton deposed that he was a warder in the House of Correction, Coldbath-fields. The prisoner was a convict confined in that prison on the 24th of June, and witness had him under his charge for about a fortnight. On the evening of the 24th of June, when he gave the prisoner his allowance of bread he complained that the loaf was not the proper weight, and accused witness of picking hini outi the smallest loaves. He told hima that he might see the governor about it, and that he would not allow him to make such accusations against him. The prisoner then said that he would see the governor, and witness weighed the loaf he had given the prisoner, and then locked it up. The loaf weighed six ounces. The prisoners were allowed 20 ounces of bread a- day, and three of the loaves, wbi6h was the prisoner's allOwan,LDCe, mnade uLp that quantity one with the other, some being lager .than others. On the followvng morning he went with the prisoner before the governor, taking the loaf with him, and iso informed the governor of what had occurred, and the prisoner then said that the officers of the prison had anantipathy to him. The governor said he would not allow such charges to be made aginst his officers, and if he had any complaita to make ho should see hin, and he said he should order him to be leprived of part of his dinner as a punishment. He then took the prisoner back to the dormitory, which he -was emploved in cleaning, and locked him in. This was about i1 c'ciock in the morning, and at 20 minutes to 1 he returned to see if the prisoner had done his work. The moment hLe unlocked the door he saw the prisoner standing close by it, and, without saying a word, he rshled at him and stabbed him in the forehead ever the right eye. He struck at hiss with all his force, and gave a "grunt" at the moment hemrade theblov. Witness was endeavonring to abut the door w hen the prisoner struck him again on the hand, hut he could riot see whatit was that he strock him with. Witness manag,ed to shut the prisoner, in and then went down to the hail and saw the doctor. During the struggle with the prisoner his eap fell off, and afterbe had left the prisoner cut the cal into pieces, andthrew them into the yard. The prisoner declined to ask the witness any questions, but, in answer to inquiries made by the learned judge, the prosecutor, said that the prisoner was aware that he would come to the dormitory at the time he mentioned. The loaf he took away from theprisoner would, in the ordinarv course, have been used for his evening meal. -* 1. G. Hoare, the chief warder of the prison, deposed that after the prosecutor was found to have been wounded he weint to the dormitory, and upon looking tlhrough the inspection.hole he saw the prisoner standing close by the door with his hands behind him. Witness opened the door and put his hands round the prisoner, at the same time saying that he had something in his band, ad hbe asked him to give ithim. The prisoner said, Ido notw'ishto hurt you, Mr. loare,"and gavehim the' knife whiclh he now produced. It was wet with blood, and there was a quantity oif tow tied round the handle in order to gieagreater .purchase. Witness asked the prisoner how he could do such a thing, and he replied that Middleton might consider 'himself a'Very lucky fellovw. The prisoner had no business -to have such a knife in his possesicn, and when witness asked him where he got it from he acid that w-ould be ascer'tained by-and-by. Benjamin Morris, a sub-warder in the prison, proved -that a box in the dormitory belonging to him, and which be kept locked, had been broken open on the morning of the occurrence, and the knife that hal been produced taken -from it. It was one that he used at his meals, but the end; which had beern round, was. now ground to. a sharp point and the handle had no tow round it when it was taken out of his box, The prisoner would have had opportunities of seeing hlim put the knife into thebox. The knife n-might have been ground to a point npo:n the stone step of the dormitory. MIr. Wakefield, the surgeon of tbs prison, said that when he saw the prosecutor be was bleeding profusely froin a wound in the forehead. The weund penetrated to the bone, and was about three-quarters of aninchlong. There was also a wound upon the prosecutor's band. Neither of the injuries -was of a dangerous character. The prisoner, upon being called upon for his defence, replied, in a sullen tone, that he was provoked at Mhiddleton having reported him and deprived him of his food, anid he said he cestainly did intend to retaliate upon him, but not to take his life. Mr. Justice COLERDGE having sammed up Thejury, after a short deliberation, acquitted the plisoner oftheceapitalcharge, but found him Guilty of wvounding the prosecutor with intent to do him g&rievous bodily harm. MIr. Bo Di said he was instructed to state, for the information of the Court, that the prisoner was convicted of burglaryin 1852, and sentenced tD six months' imDrisonment, and during his imprisonment he w as twice prished forwounding the warders of the prison. Be was again convicted of burglary and sentenced to 12 monthhimprisontfnt in 1855, and in 186 ho wai convicted of the s-sne offence, and was undergoing a sentence of a year's ifprisonmeat at the time this affair occurred. lMr. Justice CoaxwmoG1, in psadsig sentence, said that without at all fin.ding fault with the decision the jury hai arrivedat he couid nothelp stating; that it appeared to hin that urn the evidence they would have been pefectly jus tifled an convicting the prisoner upon that count in the 'indictment awhich charged the cmatisiors of a capital offenceHisLordship thenremarkeduponthe enormity ofthe crime tire prisoner had committed, and cu ndluded by passing upon bunc the sentence of trasnportation for 20 years. William Coonsbes, 28, w as indicted for feloniously setting fire to a building used in the manulfacture of ripe, with iritent to inure William Mrorgan.t Mr. Bodkia and Mr. Robinson appeared for the prosecution. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Metcalie aid MIr. S3figh. The prosecitor was the proprietor of a rope manufactory at Rotherhithe, and the prisoner and a n umber of other mieiiand boys were engagd :on the eilliMubnt,& d lt'ap peared that shortly before the ire occurred the 1risoner had complained that he -wai cct p>id h-wagee, of a first-class worman,,'to which ba conered himuelf ntitled. The fire took place on the night of the 11th of' Juine, and it se6ined that the prisoner was engaied in hii work with a number of other men and boys,- andnthitthe fire comimenced in a tar house, near which the prisoner was. employed. The principal- evidence agaist him, in' addition to the fact above stated relating to Ibis complaint about the wages, consisted of the testimony of -A boy named White, who sEtated that he saw the prisoner go:into the tar house witli ah piece of lighted yarn in is hand, .and that he observed him first make a pretended attempt to light the gas, and that-he then threw thie lited yIain into a heap bf flax, which immediate2ly ignited and caused the conflRgration. -This boy, however, admitted that- when he Was first ouestioned lIe said that he knew nothing about the matter, iandit appeared that he did not make the statement relating to the priEonezi until after he had been taken to the police -court, and thIreatened to be himself charged with the commision of the offence. The Jury, upon these facts, returned a 'verdict of Nfot Guilty. Keziah Osman, 33, described as a widow, was indicted, -for feloniously attempting to k-ll and murder her male *illegitimate child. Mr. P'latt prosecuted; Mr. Sleigh was couniel for the defence. The prisoner, it appeared, was in the FerKice of a lady at Acton, and on the morning of the 7th of June, in conse-quence of something that transpiried, a privy upon the promises of the prisoner's mistress 'Van searched,ndthe body of *a male child, alive, was taken out of it. There was no doubt that this child was one of which the prisoner had been just before delivered, but there was no evidenoe to - show that it had been vwilfully placed where it wasfound, 'and the medical testiinony rendered it very probable that the child had come into the privy by accident. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE expressed an opmion that the evidenee was not sufficient to support the charge against. 'tlle prisoner, and the jury therefore, under his lordship!s. direction, returned a verdict of Not Guilty. lEW COURT. (Before the IIECORDER.) The eases disposed of in this court during the day wver principally burglaries, and the evidence adduced in support of the charges did not possessany features of public inteb -rest. IEs onOsnas', in directing periods of penal servitude, told the prsoners that, in- consequence of the way in which the systemn ot remitting portions of such sentences had been abused, the prisoners so sentenced woruld for the future not -oliberated until the entire period for which they were ordered to be confined had expired. THRD COURT. - ((eforc the CommoN SnwazAN,'.) John Willmott, 30. and William Anderson, 26, two well - dressed men, were indicted for stealing a desk and other articles, valued at 6141., the property of John Sparrow, in his dwelling-house. Mfr. Ryland prosecuted, and Mr. Thompson defended. It appeared, from the evidence of Westbrook, an officer at Woolwich, that he saw the two prisoners come into that town abont 1 o'clock in the day, and that, being known to him, he followed for some short time, and then lost sight of them;but, about3o'clockthe sameafternoon,bhe sawbothon board a boat for London. having the property in question in their posession. IJpon his making inquiry about it, they - deniedl that it belonged to them, stating that it was the property of someone else thern in the boat, and, findimg that the officer would not take that for an answer, tried to escape. It was then fornd that the property had been stolen about an hour previously from the house of the prosecutor, a solicitor at Woolwich. The jury found themn both Guilty. It was stated to the Court that theyLad been kne u to the police for five years, but had all that time escaped conviction. They were sentenced each to six months' imprisonment. Samuel Jones was indicted for wilful and corrupt perMr. Ryland prosecuted, and Mr. Sleigh defended. The circumstances which gave rise to the prosecution were these :-At the last sittings of this court a young man named Paulton was tried for stealing a gold watch, on the loth of May, from the Plough Tavern, Fore-street, city. Paulton upon being charged admitted the theft, and stated that the prisoner,vwho keeps a jesveller's shop in Crosbyrow, Wnlwrorth. had bcought the watch of him. UJpon this Irs. Stanton, the lady to whom the wstch belonged, went with Belle, a city officer, and prisoner was given into castody for receivngz the watch. When taken betore the alderman he said he know to whom he had sold the watch, which he admitted havingbought of Paulton. Theprisoner wee thereupon admitted to bail, and wvhile so out of custody hc called upon Mrs. Stanton, and said, if she would give him three guineas, the amount which hs had given to Paulton, she should have the watch. To this she would Inot accede, and prisoner giving up the 'avtch at the police- court was discharged, and bound over as witness against Paulton. W'hen examined upon that trial before the Recorder, he distinctly swvore that he had never applied to Mrs. Stanton for the three guineas;- and upon this perjury the Court ordered his detention and prosecution. Paulton. against whonn the prisoner was chief evidence, was. atouittea ~ ~ ~ ~ o to- a Mrs. Stanton and another witness swore that prisoner bad a pplied for the three guineas to he given to lunm and he would give up the wiatch. Mr. StEanto for the defence, contended that the prisoner at the time of Paulton's trial might have been so confused as to have forgotten the circumistance The jnry Acquid.d him.
MfIDDLESEX SESSION.S Wa,d-sday, Ju7y 9. (Bcfosc Mfr. PAsTS Y, ec, AssianszTJudgc.) Alfred Rugless, a diminutive lad about 12 years of age, was indicted for stealing a nmuber of brass bearings, the property of John Henry Maculin; and Samuel Neile, . reapectable-looking elderly man,was indicted for feloniously receing the same. The boy pleaded " Chdilty.'' Mr. T. Atkinson appeared for the prosecution, Mlr. Sleigh for the prisoner Neile. The prosecutor carries on the business of a trimmin" mannufacturer in Tavistock-asley, St. Luike's, and the boy, who was in his emplovment, was detected stealing bearings from the machinery, ivbich it appeared he and a brother of his had been in the habit of selling at aimarine storeshop kept by the elder p3risoner in Church-street, Shoreditch, under circumstances which led to his being charged with receiving the articles, knowing that theyhaid been stolen. The price given was 6d. per pound, about a Denny under the market price for old metal, but the bearings were in good condition and bright from recent use in machinery, so that any person muight have reasonlably supposed that chey could not have come honestly intothe possession of a boy like Rugless, to be sold asoldanduseless metal. el'ele received avery exceLlent character, and it w as stated that it wTas his wvile vwho conducted the business. The jury found him Guif4y, but stzongly recommended him to mercy. The ASSISTANT-JUlDGE sentenced the boy to two years' bard labour, with the view of his being sent to the RIeformnatory Institution at RedhilL. As to TNeile, he observed that, duly considering the character he had received, the recommendation of the jury, and the fact of the wiife having had a share in the transaction, he should pass upon him as light a sentence as he consistently could for suck an offence; that sentence wras sixi months' hard labour. The remainder of the day was occupied in trying a case of assault arising out of a squabble between two mmemubers of a Jewish family, residing in Green Dragon-yard, Whitechapel, the details of which were of no interest.
POLICE. MAxsrox-norss-William Crisp and Edward Garham vwere charged, the first with having stolen, the second with having received, a watch, well knowing that it had been stolent. Mr. James Crisp, of No. 2, Fyefoot-lane, Upper Thamesstreet, said,-The prisoner William Crisp is, unfortunately for mie, my brother. I had a watch in my room on the firstfloor front last night, about 10 o'clock, and a seighbour told me as I was standing outside the house, that my brother had gone into the house and come out again. I went to lookfor him, and on my return I missed my watch, and, knowing that he must be the person wvho stole it, I went out agai and met hiri at the bottom of Hiolborn-hill with another man, and I caled out "Polics " and my brother wan spprehended. The other man escaped, and my brother, in goirg to the stationhouse, told me tbat he had taken the vatch, and given it to "Nat Symes," who is Ithe other prisoner. I went and gave the other prisoner into cutody, and he told mse that he had been to my plane with my brother, wiho had mentioned to him that 17 was about to give him a coat, but that he knew nothing whatever about the wvatch. My brother has been in the habit of going to the hoase and stealing everything he can lay his hands on. The prisoner Garham here loudly asserted that he knew nothing of the watch. Sarah Blaekmore said, I live nest door toMr. Cris's house. Isaw the prisoner Crisp come out of his brother's house at the tie acovemenioned and go and speak to a man on the opposite side. They went up the lane together, and I told the last witness of the circumstance, bet I do not know whether the second prisoner is the sam,e person. Cannovan.-Tbe prisoner Crisp was given into my cilstody by his brother for stealing a watch. He said he had stolen the wateb, and given it to "Nat Symes." It, has not been found. The prisoner Cgrtp-I own that I was at the house, but I assure your ordship that I never took t'he watch. I know nothing ahout it. Sir Ii. WV. CAnnn.D;.-Why, then, did you admit to your brother and time policeman, in going to the station-house, that you stole it 9 The prisoner Crisp.-I did not know what I said, I was so Sir PI W. CADMng.-I have no doubt that you owe your present situation at that bar to drink. Y'our appearance as well as the robbery you have committed indicate tbat. I hope that others will profit by so dreadful an example. Yoa are committed for trial. As for the priscser Garham, there is not a tittle of evidence against himi, Garham was then dischasged, and WiMlliam Crisp committed fortrial. Charles Johnson, a native of Denmark, who had served in the Cmimea as a seaman, was charged w ith having stolen a doormat fronm the house of a gentlenan in Eastcheap. The-I risoner -ias appreheuded with the mat on his shoulder, and there vas no doubt of his gtilt. His discharge from thevesselin which he served stated that he was of good character, and had acted during the two :ears and four days he had been sat the Crimea in adt snesceptionable mnannerL Sir Pt. W. CARDYEN .On aentencinug the prisoner to Holloway for 21 days, told hin that if it vwere not for his good conduct at the Crimea, his senltene would be imprisonment and hard labour for three nLontha. GtmLDhlA.L-EmanuelSharland. ayonngmman of reslsctable appearance, vas placed at the bar before Sir J. Dtgz,: chared with stealing 20 yards of silk, value 4L, the pro- perti' ef-Year. CokSnn -fSSuC yad, ba employerL The prisoner reserved his defence, and was fuilly eowesnitted for trial. Hle theu mde asapplication to be admittc4 to bdil, but it was ruised. Bowr-sTrsrr.-- considerable.number of pocket.picktng cases, arising from the crowded state of the streets during the public reception of the Guards, cane before Mr. ha-tRY jnd were disposed of chiefly by summary conviction. They were of the character usuall occurring on -imilgr occaion, and included two charges of wAch-stealing. Most of tbe prisoners were old offenders. A carter, nzamed William Dixon, in L' em loy of Xr. Dale, builder, of Wesnarster, was chauged wictK ruedty t'o a horse. A. sergeant of the P ilivmion of police, No. S. deposed that he wag marching a body of his men along the Birdcage-wiLk wlhen defendant atternpted to drve through the rank. He Vas desired to keep back tUl the _constables hbad passed; but he persisted in driving on. Two of the men-held the horse's iead, upon which defendant began beating the animalTwith cruel severity about the neck and head. The defendant' enmployer appeared toustify his conduct, and. the answer to the chage was, that he was desired to w!;ipthe horse on by his muter. Mr. Hr.ey fined hima 20g. William Sunnets, who stated that ie was an upholsterer, was zhaged with uttering a forged 5i-nlote at the Sovertign publichcuse, Upper:st. Miartins-lane; The case was remanded for further inquiry. MAInaB3ossouoH-smEn-T.--Hirams 3Giil, a boy, wa brought up for final examination, charged with vilfully setting fire to some premises, No. 10, Little Earl-street, Seven-dials. The singular pert of the case is, that A short- time ago the same premnises were wilfullyset on fire by a lodger namod! Moore, who was tried and convicted for the offence, the chief witness against him being the prisoner. George SinL-ins examined.-I am a carpente6, and live at No. 2, Tower-street. ind am landlord of' No. 10, Ittle Earl-street, where I have a workshop. The prisoner's; fatheroccupied a shop andparlour in the house, and prisoner lived Zth him. On the morning of the 22d of June, about half-pat 5 o'clock, tne prisoner-knocked at my door in i Tower-street, and, when I loolied out of the window, he said, "Your workshops have been set on fire again." Theprioner -went away, and I proceeded -as quickly as I could to Earl-street, and found that -thu fire was extinguished. The partition of the shop was mulch sco-ched. A quantity of shavings had been piled on the floor and were consinned to the extent of half a busheL A board had been put on the shavings, as if to increase the fire. On the previous evening when I left the workshop, about 5 o'clock, everything was safe. I asled the prisoner, who had got back to his fathsr's, -whether he bad seen anyone about the plaee' He said hehad seen a woman in the yard, who, w hen discovered, rushed along the passage into the street, and that immediately afterwards the fire broke out. The prisoner said this was anout 10 minutes before he caled on me, and added that he did not see the woman's face. James Donovan, one of the lodgers, said-When the alarm of fire was given he went to the workshop and found the shavings bla7ing. He assisted to put the fire out. Charles Southard, anotherlodger, said, the prisoner fetched some water after the fire was discovered and belped to put it out. A plank had been removed from beliind the waterbuttand placed on the lighted sbavings in the workshop. Richard Bannister said,-On the Thursday befoZe the fire the prisoner was in the yard, and he pointed to some shavings in the workshop, and said, " Wouldn't it be a lark if these shavings were made intoa bonfire 9" Police-constable Billimore, F 71, said, he heard an alarm of fire on Sunday morming three weeks, anld on going to 10, IittlelEarl-street, befoundtheprisoner there, who told hina that he had got up to go to the yard when he saw a womnan run down the passage into the street. The prisoner afterwards denied that he made such a statement. Inspector Mitchell said, he questioned the prisoner And received very contradictory and unsatisfactory answers. Mr. Sinkins then gave the prisoner into custody. The prisoner denied the charge, and was fully committed. Several pickpockets were charged with robbing gentlemen of their watches. James Clark was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for robbing Mr. Robert Ballard, of No. 45, B?ark.street, Grosvenor-square, of his gold watch. George Gray was charged with stealing the watch of Mir. Henry Bates, of Duke-street.-Remanded. Joseph Herbert was remanded for sterling the watch of Lieutenant-Colonel Lefroy, of the Royal Artillery. Several other thieves were committed summarilyfor being about the streets with intention to commit felony. WEST=ntSrTE.-Sfr. P'sTER, thepresidingmagistrate, was occupied a considerable time yesterday in hearing a complaint upon summons, preferred by the parishes of St. Margaret and St. John, Westminster. against the Chartered Gas Company, Horseferry-road, which alleged tha they did nnlaawfully break updend open thehpavement and soil of a certain street, for thepurpose of Iayingdownnew mains of pipes, without the consent in writing of the district board." hlr. Bodhtin, instructed by Mr. iRogers, vestry clerli of St. Margaret's and St. John's, appeared in support of the complaint, and 31r. Hfuddieston attended for the gas company. No evidence whatever was offered, Mr. Huddleston not attempting to deny that the ground had been broken, but contending that the company were perfectly justified in dOing EO. Mfr. PAYyrBI, after some conversation with the two learned counsel, said, he would give his decision on a future day. SorTTnwav.a.-John Parkinson, a young man described as a general dealer, was brought before MSr. 'BECKErE, charged with uttering a forged 51L Bank of England note to William Stevens, the keeper of a travelling booth at Hampton Races. On Tuesday Mary White, a Gipsy, was charged with uttering the same note to a clothier in Church-street, Southwark, on the 21st of June, for some smill clothing supplied to her husband, the particulars of which apoeared in this paper yesterday. Mr. Chipperfield, -her so'icitor, stated that she received it from. another Gipsy, named Bishop Stevens, for money lent, and she was remanded on bail to enable her to find that person. After they leftthe courtthey sought out Stevens, wrho baving stated that-he changed-the note for a young man at Iampton Races, the prisoner was apprehended and given into custody on Tuesday evening in the Comtmercial-road cast by Stevens as the person mentioned. Onthe prisoner being placed in the dockl, Stevens said that he had a refreshment booth at H2ampton Races, and the prisoner and another man came into his booth and partook of dinner. WItness knew the prisoner in ILondon as a general dealer. After they had their dinner the Prisoner came up to him and asked him whtether he vrould change a 5I.-noteforthegentleman. withhim. Witness replied, "Yes," provided he aOlowed him ls. in the pound for doing so. The prisoner then left him, and shortly afrwards returned with the 51.-note, when he handed hum 4l. 15s., end put the note in his pocket. SEt. A'BsCsurx-r said, it was a singular business to charge ls. in the pound for changing notes. It must be very profitable. Stevens replied that it was usual at races to do so. Sometimes gentlemen and others were glad to give Is. for change for a sovereign, owing to a scarcity of silver on the course. When he took the note he did not k-now the number, but he had none other, and shortly afterwards he paid it to WVhite for money lent, and most likely the note produced was the one. Mr. A!BECIsFTT here asl-ed the prisoner what account he had to give of the note? The prisoner said that on the lth of June he went to Hampton Baces, and while looking at the horses two gentlemen came upto him, and, afterconversing together, one of them asked him whether he would partake of anything to eat. He replied that he would, and they went into the reireshment booth kept by Stevens, where they were supplied with refreshments. The gentleman then asked himl to get a note chaDged- for him, and he then went to Yir. Stevens, and told him that the gentleman dining with him wanted a 51.-note changed for hin. Stevens said that he would change it for a shilling in the pound. He (prisoner) thon returned to the gentleman, who agreed to the termus, and he took the note to Stevens, who gave him 4L. I5a, which he handed over to the gentleman. The latter then said -he was going round the course, and wrould come back to him in a short time, hut he never returned. - Mr. A !BECiEXT said that the prisoner's statement tallied exactly with that given by Stevens, end he was surprised that the latter shuuld change a note for a stranger, not knowing whether it was a genuine one or not, for a sbilling i in the pound. The prisoner moust be discharged. Stevens observed that he knewv the prisoner as a general dealer in London, and he thought it was a genuine Bank of England note when he changed it for him. however, he should be more careful for the future. - Mr. Chipperfield, on behalf ef t.he Gipsy vomnan White (who waWs present), asked ihis worship to discharge her from her recognizances, as she was entirely exonerated. Sir. A'BxCxrn-r, having sent for Mr. Sanders, thie tradesman to wihomn she uttered the note, related to 1irn the whole of the circumstances as above given in evidence, when his worship discharged the recognizances of the woman. At the same time he told her that her husband was liable to Mr. Sanders, and Stevens was liable to her husband. It would then be for Stevens to find tue person wvho sene Parkinson with the forged note he so foolishly changed. The parties then left the court, threateiing to bring actions against each other. D LASUuEmTH.-Mr. Daniel William Wade, a commission agent, residing at 4, Lorimore-terrace, Wealworth, was brought up on remand, and fuially examnined, before r-. ELIrrTT, on a charge of felony, in inflicting a deep and dangerous wound on the head of William NZowland with a sword, and also violently assaulting irs. Julia Strickland and Ymr Elizabeth Lock, respectable married women. The clerk to an attorney, whose name did not transDire, appeared for the prosecution, and hlr. J. P. Doyle, the barrister, iustructed by YMr. Pecknam, fur the defence. The injured nman (Nowland) was in attendance, he having been brought from Guy's Hospital, and looked very much better than on thn las; exa:mination. His deposition, taken on the former dZy, was read over te him, and, by the direction of the medical officers of the hospital, he was taken back there. Mr. Hunt, a surgeon, residing at 17, Sutherland-s onare -Walworth, said that, on the afternoon of- the 26th of last montb, the last vitnews (Nowland) was broughtto his house, and, on exanmining him, he found a deep and dangerous incised wound on his head, from which the blood w-a ra idlyflowing. The wound, which had evidently been inRicted by a cutting, instrument, such as the sword produced, was three inches in length, and Inot only extended-to the boneof the skull, but the bone itself wapa-rtly cut, and, -after dressing it, he considered it of so seriouis and dan-erous a. character that he at once sent the poor man to the hospitaIl. Williama lMorgan, a witness before examined, and wio was the hrst togo ,tO the assistance *f the women whom the prisoner as horsewhipping and ill-g, -was called -and llo oun tber ntbwi i i -Wl.i ilV e. l Ad,.w fhe otPr dmched - IeI 4iedhit!:, .id hti'd a scuffle, of which he (witej) )a-the-best. and the priooes then rushed stain and retued with the xword piod*Ae i hii6 band, and the uieit t Miiig ie myrnN'owLadutir lisa head cutt. Ir. ELioTT.-Had-you.,'j anybelyd-elm, used any -vio. tziae tords thep)rimoner? o Wfitr;ess.-No,fSir. W.e hadaiufl, sd fiiding thatlI had rathertihe best of him he ne. upstairs' Mr. Doyle.-Oh, you had the Net o,'him. low, hedyo` nW&itn .- No, Sir, not u.fight, only a.swaIc After hl seized me I laid hold of hiM4 aud I had the bkt of the struggle. I did mo 3trike thee arioer. Allen was at [eq door, but I can'tsay whetherhei hrem d the thruh6ld,or Alfred Allen corroborLted- he.testipeony of the ast 'Itn aeng, ud also aid he saw the prnoera strike Ms Stricklandc andXrs.Lock with a riding w:hip The witness further Eaid he raw the p.isoner nake two chops with the sword at Nowla'd's head. * rs. Julia Strickland repeated her former evidemce aid added that. such was the vin(ene with which the prisoner had lashed her with his riding whip that the wheals were not even yet obliterated. He also eciradpher by the throat,, ad enadeavoured to tear her earrings from her ears. - Mrs. L-ck depw,ed that rhe witnesed the prisoners. *iolence towards the last witDew, and that she had hetself been frequVntly truck by the prisoner with the whip. The evidence having terminated, Yr. Doyle addressed the Mnagitrte, for the lrLsoner, and attributed the unfortunate occurrence and the violence of his client to madness, produced by intoxication. The fauth he said, was, that t prisoner lad wholly abstained from the uare of al intoxi.- cating oiqbors for rto years, ansd onthe day in question had from usmt cause or other, nfortunatly gisen, way to drink, wtich prodwuced a Wt of perwLet anadnets, durnm g the paroxysins of wvichhe hada oi tedhinelin thene stated. 3Mr. :Errrzorr observed, that th;e prisoCner'S intoxicatiog could not be jadmitted as any justification for his offenoee, nod he must take his trial on both charges-that for felony it cutting and roundndg lSowlasd, and thsat forateult for lil sca1ndatlous violence towards 3Yr. Strickland. The witnesses were bound over to Sppear at the next 014 Bailey Settloruse .M1r. Doyles appEied to the magstate, and strngly urged the importance to hisF client of being admitted to hbail, but Mr. 1Biaor"r pereanDtoriliy refused to grant the application, telling the lenrued couns el that he might apply to.a judge if he thought proper.
XMILARY AND YAVAL INJBLLIaGNOZ. The following changes are consequent upon the recent trivals from the Crimea:- - The 1st battalion Grenacier Guards has left Wellington Marracks for Aldershott Camp. This battalion marched direct from Hyde Park to tha Waterloo station alter the ;eviow yesterday. The 2d battalion Grenadier Guards left town yesterday 3i-flr the review on their return to Windsor, where they wMil remain for the present. The 3d battalion Grenadier Guards, which marched from Aidershott yesterday, last from the Crimea, has gone into Wellington Barracim St. James's Bark. Thelst battalion Coldstream Guards, lastfrom-the Crimea, lans gone into barracks at the Tower of London. The 2d battalion Coldstream Guards, which up to yosier4ay were quartered in the Tower, left town after the review, for Aldershott, but are under orders udtimately to proceed to WindsOr. The Ist battalion Scots Fusileer Guards, last from the Crimea, are gone into St. George's Barracks, Charing-cross. Tho 2d battalion Scots Fusileer Guards, up to yesterday occupying St. George's Barracks, left town after the review, for Aldershott. TThe Portanan-street Magazine, and the Kensington and Buckingham Palace Barracks, will be occupied by detach-ments from the three Crimean battalions. One battalion of the Grenadier Guards is under orders to proceed to 3)tbliu. The lst Royal Dragoozns are under orders to leave Aldershott for Woolwich to embark thence for Dublin. The 4th Dragoons are to hold themselves in readiness to proceed at a short notice from Aldershott to Sheffield and Leeds. The 6th Dragoons now at Aldershott are under orders for Shorneliffe camp. The Ist battalion Rifle Brigade, which arrived at Aldershott from the Crimea on Saturday, are under orders to proceed to Dublin. The depOts of the 1st and 2d Rifle Bzigade, now at Alder shott, are to be removed to Winchester. The Ist battalion 1st Royals left Aldershott on Tuesday, to embark for Ireland. The 80th Regiment is under orders to remove from Alder5hott to Manchester and the northern districts. The depOt of the 91st Regiment is about to proceed to Berwick-upon-Tweed. The 15th Husasrs and the 7th Hussars will continue for the present to occupy quarters in the north camp at Aldershott. Major-General Crawford will, it is understood, be ap pointed to the command of the Brigade of Guards at Alder. shott. The following vessels passed the Bosphorus oa passage to England on the 1st, 2d, 6th, and 7th inst. :-The Charity, 700 men, British Swiss Legion ; the Stamboul, 900 men, Biritish Swiss Legion; the Calcutta, 11th Hussars; the Australian, 200 men, Iand Transport Corps, and 200 men, Army Works Corps; Her Majesty's ship Resistance, 50 men, Land Transport Corps; and Her Majesty's ship Sans. pari, 72d Regiment. The stcam transport Queen Victoria, Captain Peatt, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East--Malta 20th, and Gibraltar 30th of June-ivith the foLowing officers and men of the 1st battalion of the Rifle Brigade:-Captain Duller, commanding officer; Ensigns Allaire and Russel, and 244 non-commissioned officers and privates; 30 noncommissioned officers and privates of the 47th Regiment; CaptainsHeathcote and Trent, LieutenantsPigot, Wilkinson, Prior, Campbell, Gibson, and Pennington, Ensign O'Brien, and 93 non-commissioned officers and men of the 48th Regiment; Captain Smythe of the 14th; Captain Bennett of the 20th; Lieutenant Costen of the 14th; Ensign Super of the 4th; Assistant-Surgeon Smith of the 21st; StaffSurgeon Cole of the 18th; 145 invalids of different rei ments; total, 515 of all ranks, - under the command of Captain Bennett of the 20th. She came into harbour at 6 o'clock last evening to prepare for landing them. On the 30th ult. the Queen Viotoria passed Her rnjesty's ship Himalaya off Tarifa; July 2 spoke the steamship Tiber in long. 4-46W.; same day spoke the ship Sir Colin CampbeeU, of Belfast, from Malta out 20, days, bound to Miramichi, in lat. 36-39 N., long. 9-5 W. G The sailing transport King Philip, Captain Mudoch, arrived at Spithead Yesterday afternoon from the East, with the 2d bat'alion of the Rifle Brigade, consisting of 861 noncommissioned officers and men, and the following officers:lieutenant-Colonels P. C. HiU and C. Woodford, Brevet, Major C. F. Warren, Captains H. Wilmot, and M. DiUon, Lieutenants Lane, l7icholl, Sotheby, Baillie, Eyre, Thomas Luttrell, andDeedes; Paymaster IL Court, Adjutant Hey-rood, Quartermaster G. Rogers, Surgeon J. Fraser, Assistant-Surgeons Brown and Reade, Dispenser Farneil. The Korswiejen (Norwegian bark) arrived at Spithead yesterday, from Balaklava, with ordnance stores. The East Anglian steam transport arrived at Spithead yesterday from Devonport. The steam transport Peninsula arrived at Spithead yesterday, from Balaklava, June 16; Constantinople, 19; Malta, 25th; and Gibraltar, July 2, with the following officers and troops:-Major T. White, Brevet-Major and Mrs. Rocke Captain J. Hopkins, Lieutenants Coen, Savary, and Davies, andAssistant-Surgeon Hannan of the 49th (the Princess Charlotte Eof Wales, or Hertfordshire) Regiment; Staff Assistant-Surgeons Bucldey and Turner, Purveyor arlheR, 17 Commissariat Storekeepers, 192 non-commissioned officers and privates, 3 women and 4 children of the 49th Regiment; and, as cargo, 6,826 Russian shot, 457 English ditto, 120 bales of coats, 1,000 blankets, hc. Off Lisbon she passed the Prince Arthur, and left the Jason and Lady Russell transports at Gibraltar. The following letter from our Malta correspondent is dated a day previous to that which appeared yesterday, but it supplies additional military and naval news:- "The Colombo screw steam-transport arrivedfrom Soathampton on the 22d of June, and left for Corfu and Con. stantinople on the 24th. '"Her Majesty's stcamatug Shearwater left for Gozo on the moming of the 27th, havingon board the Commanjderof the Forces, Leutenant-GeneralSir John Pennefather, CaptainEllison, aide-do-camp; Colonel Pocklington, Duputy Quartermaster-General, and other staff officers. " The Norwegian bark Sjofna, in the British transport service, arnved on the 21st from Constantinople, from which port and Balakiava the Jason steam-transport ar rved on the22d, bingin Brngadier General Lyons, 0ajors Field and Bettyman, Lieutenant-Colonel Hlervey, and 50 other onffiers of the Royal Horse ery. She left for England " The Lady Russell, sailing transport, arived from Constantinople on the 2'2d, and left for Enland on the 23d. " Her Majesty's steam-frigate Odin arrived on the 23d from the same port, brinatlng S officers and 300 non commissioned officers and gunners of the Royal Artillery, and having intowtheLondon, line-ofattle ship. Both left for EngLlsd on the 24th. "Her Majesty's steam-frigate Furious, having in tow Her MEajesty's line-of-hattie ship Rodney, arrived from Constantinople on the 23d, and left on the 24th for England. "-The Orinoco steam-transport arrived from Scutari on the 23d ult., and left for E ngland on that day. " The English bark Panama, from Sebastopol, Kharatch, land Const3ntinople, arrived on the 22d, and left on the 27th for England. " The Chanticleer steam-transport arrived from Constantinople on the 23d, and left on the 25th for England " Tne Ayrshire sailing-transport left for England on the 21st, followed on the 22d by the Akbar, another sailing transport. "Her Majesty's screw steam-transport Transit arrived from Constantinople on the 24th. "The Indomitable steam-transport left for England on "Her Majesty's steam-frigate Terrible, conveying Captain Saunders, four other officers, and 453 non-commissioned officers and gunners of the Royal Artillery, arrived from Constantinopie on the 24th, having in tow Her Majesty's ship of the Ime Queen, having on board Colonel Campbell, 21 other officers, 657 non-commissioned officers and pnvates of the 90th; 4 officers and 204 non-commissioned officers and privates of the Royal Artillery; 5 officers and 177 noncommissioned officers and privates of the 42d Regiment; and Lieutenant-Colonel Stenton, 22 other officers, and 737 non-commissioned officers and privates of 77th. Both Vessels left for England on the 25t-h "HEer MIaiesty's steam frigate Sidon arrived on tne 26th from Constantinople, bringing Lieutenant-Colonels Hay and the Hon. AL {ope, 22 other officers, and 714 non-commissioned officers and privatsof the 93d, and left for England on the same afternoon. "The sailingtransportSohl-iinour, fromBalaldava,nr'the Allies screw steam-transport, from Constantinople, w'ith Commissariat stores, arrived on the 26th. The ltter left for Eng'Lad onx the 27th. "Her Majestys steam line-of-battle ship Majestic arrived from Constantinople on the 27th, bringing Lieutenant. Colonel Edwards, Mlajor Call, 33 other officers, and 790 noncommLssioned officers and privates of the 1st Royals, 18th, and 49th, and left forEngland on the following day. "' her Emajesty's screw steam line-of-battle ship Brunsweek arrived on the 27th from Constantinople, bringing T ieutenant Colonel seyland, 26 other of ficers, and 548 noncommissioned officers and privates of the 75th; 8 officers and 363 non-commissioned officers and privates of the 30; S of the 55th, and 3 of the 30th; and left for England on the 28th with the 95>th Regiment, and four offcers of the 20th.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~h 2d "The Empress Eugenie srew steam-transport arrived on the 27th from Scutari. ".The Ermouth screw steam ship of the line arrived from Constantinople on the 28tht "The ady Jocelyn screv Steam transport, in the French service, arrived from aarseilles on the 223, having in towthe Champion American sailing trarxport, in the samne service. Both vessels left for Sauuieseb on the 23d. 'rae French steam-frigate L'Lqley atrrived from ToulIon on thu 25t-h, and left for Constantinople on the same day, *'The Deauesne, French screw steam ship of the line, arrved from Loulon on che 26th, and left forConstantinople on the 27th. 'The Charlemagne, French steam ship of the line, arrived from Kameisch on the 22d, bringing 1,200 officers, non- commissioned officers, and privates, and left for Marseilles on the 234. * "The Fleurus, Fie'rnchscrewsteaa ship of theline, having on board General Vurdlle, 55 other officers,' and 1,250 noacomnissioned office:rs and privates, left for Marseilles on the 21st. " The Vlm, PreDch screw steam ship of the line, arrived from Eamiaesch on the 26th, with 1,260 officers, non-cornmissioned officers, sad privates, and left for AIgies on the 27th. 5The Indus, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamr et, anived froma Alexandria on the 2Sth. The Indus leftton the same aEternoon for Gibraltar ancl Southampton. " Her Majesty's steam ships of the line Centurion, with the 20th, and a deta^hment of Artillery; the Colossus, with the 44th and the Qaartermaster-General; the 'Pacific steamer, with the 71st (for Malta); the Tonning, the Herpes the Lion, the Edina, the lTicholas Wood, and the Countess| of Darhamc, all trcop-laden, have also arrived froml theI SCrimnea; end, the litromboli, the Ripon, and the Clyde I steamers ar, just telegraphed from the westward."l esterday morning 58 non-commissioned officers and then belonging to various regiments, the whole of whom have been invalided on acrount of sickness or wounds received in ihe Crimea, were removed from St. My's Barracks, Chatham, to Fort Pitt, for the purpose of being uedically inspected. The new, lanatic asylum erected witnin the line of 'ortifications at Fort Pitt, Chatham, has been opened for thereceptionofthat classofpatients, and a large number of insane non-commissioned officers and soldiers have already been received for treatment, nearly the whole of whom have been sent home from the East and West Indies, and other foreign stations. A detachment of troopS, to the number of 280 men of all ranks, arrived at Chatham from the East Indies on TLesday evening, having disembarked at Gravesend from the Earl of Balcarres. The detachment comprised troops from the 3rd Light Dragoons, 9th Lancers, 24th, 29th, 53d, 60th Royal Rifles, 61st, 70th, and 75th Regiments, and the 87th Royal Iish Fusileers. Most of the men are suffering severely from the effects of the climate, having been stationed in India several years. The troops came home in medical charge of Dr. Brown, and, after disembarking at Gravesend, were conveyed to Si. Mary's Barracks, Chatham. The Wanderer, hirad sailing transport, arrived at Spithead last evening fram Malta, with Captain Dyer (commanding officer), Lieutenants Travers, Webber, Mlaycoclr, and Presgrave, and 207 men of the 17th Regiment; also, Assistant-Surgeon Hooy, of the 63d. Mr. Richard B. Pym has been appointedpaymaster to the Osborne. cThe screw steam-frigate Emerald, of 50 guns, and 2,8S2 tons burden, will be launched from Deptford-yard on the 19th inst.; and on the 21st will proceed to Sheerness to be masted and have her machinery put on board. The Flag of Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, K.C.B., Commander-in-Chief at Portsmouth, was struck yesterday morning on board Her Majesty's ship Victory, Captain the Hon. J. R. Drnmmond, C.B., and that of Rear-Admiral Sapuerintendent Martin hoisted at her mizen pro. team. Her Majety's ship Duke of Wellington, 131, Captain Caldwell, C.B., flag of Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir R. S. Dundas, K.C.B., left Spithead yesterday afternoon, for Plymouth, where she will be joined by the Conjuror, 101, Commander Fellowes; the Forth, 12, screw mortar ship, Captain Lord John Hay, C.B.; and two gunboats; andwithlthem take a cruise as faras Queenstown only, according to present orders. Her Majesty's screw corvette Highflyer, 21, wastaken into the steam basin at Portsmouth yesterday for refit. Her Majesty's steamvessel Medusa, Captain S. Osborne, C.B., left Portsmouth yesterday morning for Woolwich. Her Majesty's steamvessel Alban, 3, Lieutenant Blaeqauire, left Portsmouth on Tnesday evening for Ireland, with Coastguard men, paid off from the fleet. Her Majesty's screw despatch guanvessel Coquette, Commander Risk, left Pertsmouth on Tuesday night for the westward. The Thames steam transport, which arrived on Saturday night from the East with invalids and nurses from the hospitals, went into Portsmouth harbour on Tuesday evening to land them. She was not taken in before owing to the very boisterous state of the elements; the sick, &e., were landed yesterday. Her Majesty's steameloop Driver, 6, Commander Cham. bers, went into Portsmouth harbour yesteday morning. The 1st battalion of the 1st Royal Regiment of Foot, which left Portsmouth a few days ago on arrival from the East, were sent down again yesterday froma Aldershott to embark for Cork. They were put on board the floating depOt ship Britannia to await a passage. The screw steamship St. Jean d'Acre, 101, Captain King, ,was taken into the basindock at Devonport on Monday to have her copper examined and repaired. The sloop Elk, 12, Commander John F. C. Hamilton, is hourly expected at Plymouth to take a mail for the Cape of Good Hope. A detachment of the 13th Light Dragoons, from Exeter, arrived at Plymouth on Monday, embarked on board the screw transport Queen oi the South on Tuesday, and sailed yesterday for Queenstowa. The steam transport Marley Hil, No. 169, Captain T. M. Mlitchell, made Woolwichyesterday at3 pm., andlandedher passengers from Balaklava, Captain C. T. Bull commanding officer; Captain G. A. Hier, Captain G. W. IH Hepburn, Mrr. J. Ringland, surgeon; Lieutenants Morris, Nicoll, and Campbell, and 120 men of the Army Works Corps. Captain Mitchell, in his report to Sir Joseph Paxton, stated that the whole body of men havs conducted themselves throughou t the voyage at sea, as well as in the ports where the MarleyHill has touched, in the most orderly and exemplary manner. The vessel has been 27 days at sea, including two days' detention at Lisbon to repair her machinery. The screw transport Imperatrice, No. 220, arrived at Woolwich about two hours after the 3Iarley Hill, and imh diately made preparations for landing Ordnance stores The Imperatrice wasimrnediatelyfollowedby the Golden Fleece No. 75, Captain J. Seales. The freight of the Golden Fleere consisted of Royal Horse ArtiBlery, the whole of whom were landed and housed before nightfalL The space whichintervenes between the vessel and the landing-place is now so slight, by the facilities which the new pier affords, that the troops and horses were marched and led ashore with little difficulty. Yesterday morning four batteries of artilery and a number of heavy siege guns, d-awn by 12 horses each, were assembled on Plumstead-common, where a course of drill was carried out under the command of Colonel Anderson. Two troops of Royal Horse Artilery were at the same time exercised on eoolwich-common, and fired sundry rounds under the inspection of Colonel Hardinge,; H., actingcommandant of the garrison. These exercises are to be continued daily (the weather permitting) until the review.
PRI VCE ADALBERT OP PRUSSIA. PLYMOUTHI, JuLy 9. ILn consequence of the severity of the weather his Royal Highness Prince Adalbert. of Prussia did not visit the ships in commission on Monday; but yesterday, the 'weather baving mnoderated, he went on hoard the screw steamnship Conqueror, 101, Commander Charles Fellowes, and the receiving ship Imp:lacable, 72, Captain Arthur Lowe, when the usual salutes werefired, butthemanningofyards wssconsider. rately dispensedawithby the Royal visitor. F-rom the Sound the Prince proceededato Devonport Dockyard, took luncheon with Admairal Superintendent Sir James Hannay Plumridge, and then went in thle Pert; Admiral's carliage to Plymouth Hoe, where he was receivea by Mr. Kelly, the Mayor, and by Major-General Eden, commander of forces, who was attended by Brigade-Major Ibbetson, and acm ned by Colonel Budgen, Royal Engineers; Colon.11"elPsUleer, Royal Artillery; Colonel Campoell, Royal Marines Colonel.1aw, 66th; and by Colonel Maxwell, 66th, fieli officer, under whose commaand the 54th and 66th Regiments wereoput throuigh various evolutions in the presence of the Prince, who expressed his ontire satisfaction with their discipline, and desired that the men should ho informed of his approhatson. The officers of the Dauzic were hospitably entertained in the evening at Devonport by Major Moffatt, and the officers of the 54th Regiment. To-day Prince Adalbert receives the Port Admiral, the Genieral, the heads of departments, naval and military officers, &-c., on hoard the Danzic, which will probably sail for Falmouth to. mnorow (Thursday).
ELEION OF GENERAL WILLIAMS FOR CANE.- General Sir W. F. Williams, Bart., was yesterday rea turned without opposition for Calne, in the room of Earl Shelburne. The gallant General was proposed bv Mr. W. Wayte, and Mr. B. Baily seconded the nomination. In returning thanks the now member, who was much cheered, said that in ofiering himself he had no personal or Eelfish motive, but he wished to serve his country in her present state of transition from war to peace, by advocating the preservation of those mili. y inst'itutions, which had cost so much bloodandso much mortification to establish after the commencement of the late war. In his opinion, we ought zealously to watch over our military institutions, and to keep oursolvts in a position to preserve that wealth which the industry of ages ad collected in this country. He had been anxious to enter ParzLament that he might he enabled to render some serviceto a country for which we had spent so much treasure and spilt so much blood-he meant Turkey, which, he was convinced, possessed great vitaity. Ile was sore it was the intertion of Ministers todoeverything'hey could forTlurkey, in conjunction with our gallant a31ies, the French, and if those whom he thus addresged could only have seen the heroism displayed by the Turks who had stood by him in the hour of danger, they would agree that they were worthy of all their esteem and sympathy. At the conclusion of his address the grilant General was again warmly applauded. EvAcuAnos OF Tutscgy.-A copy of the convention agreed to on the 13th of 31ay between Her Majesty, the Emperor of the Frenci, and the King of Sardinia extends the term previously stipulateol for the evacuation of the Ottoman territory to the space of six months from the day of the exchange -of the rftifications of the general treaty signed at Paris on the 30th of March last
.I RELAND. YUTNY OF THE =PmPRY 311xm.& (FRIOM OUR OWN 0ORAPTRo1lnTrAl - DtBLIN. WEDSDAY AOEnv.' ±1u0 .UUluIerluWK Papers re0e1veaQ Sf1 mornIng 3ring accounts of a mozt disgraceful series of outrages which occurred at Nesagh on Monday and Tuesday, consequent upon the preparations for the disemnbodimecit of the ]North Tipperary Militia now stationed in that toyrn. The .eportcr supplies his version of the affair:- "Nenagh, July 7. "For tho cast week an order has been received at the barrae" that any soldiesv who chose might, on applicationt6 thecolonel, obtainhis discharge. An order having alsobeen received to take up the new clothing issued to the militia in April last, yesterday morning, a sergeant commenced to tako up the clothing froni the men, whenL some few quietly gave it up. One man refused to give away his black trousers, whereupon he was sent to the guardhouse. In a very short time afterwards the company to which he belonged (To. 4 company) came down to the guardhouso to rescue him. The guard was ordered to fire, whichthey did not, I believe, owing to their having no ammrunition. The men, however, desisted, but, in a very short time after, the five companies quarterel in Pound-street barracks came to Summerhill barracks, is is their custom every day, for the purpose of being drilled. Hearing that the man was confined, they simultaneously fixed bayonets ani rushed at the guardroom, flinging the guard away, and with their guns and stones they broke open the cell doors, and let out all the prisoners, at the same time demolishing the windows, doors, smets, &c. The colonel (Maude) came down, and, I am told, 2a soldier attempted to stab him. They all dec3red that they never would part 'with their arms until they should be, paid the residue of their bounty, and also be let talke their clothes with them. After some time they were brought into line by the colonel and major, and addressed upon the enormity of their conduct. The Rev. J. Scanlan,PP.PofNenagh, cameupatthe time andaddressed them. The address of the rev. gentleman had a good effect upon the militiamen, but they, at the same time, firmly de. clared that they would not give up their arms until their bounty was paid. A11 this time the barrack gate was shut, and no one was admitted. When the men stationed in found-street were returning to their barracks they 'were loudly cheered as they went through the streets. The greatest excitement prevailed at the time, but since the Rev. Mr. Scanlan has appeared there aU seems quiet. When the men stationed in Pound-street were about being marched to Summerhill-barracks tlhey refused to go without their arms. "Monday Night, 10 o'clock, "Of all the scenes, real or imaginary, that an inha. bitant of Nenagh ever saw or read of, that of this night threw them all into the shade. At 10 o'clock the militia stationed in the Pound-street barracks broke out of the gate, knocking down sergeants and sentries. Carrying with them their gtas, with fixed bayonets, they 'went through the town, to the terror of the inhabitants, yellng and shouting. They first attacke3d the police barrack In Surnmerhill, the windows of which they quickly demo. lishedwithtones. Theytheninanirregularbodyproceeded to Summerhill barracks, the gate of which were closed, and commenced to pummel it with the butt ends of their muskets. In this way they quickly opened the gate and bTokeinto the magazine, from which, with a 'wise precaution, the officers had removed the ammunition. Not finding it, they forced out the band, who played them through the Streets, 'which tended to keep them in a regular body. They first marched down to the police barrack in Barrack-street, firing shots at intervals au the way. When they arrived at the police barrack they demolishedthe windows with stones, together with the house of Mr. Bull, petty sessions' clerk. The band played them back again to the Pound-street barracks, where they halted for a short time, and again played down Barrack-street, firing at intervals of a minute aU the way, to the terror and dismay of the inhabitants, not many of whom slept all the night. The militia were followed by a large concounse of the townspeople who kept up a regular cheer. They continued marching through the streets in this manner until 12 o'clock. It is thought they purchased powder and shot during the dayinthetown. When they fired it was inthe air; allthey said they wanted was to force the authorities to give them their bounty. It is said that a regiment of the line is to arrive here to-morrow to quell the mutiny. The militia say they 'wil ke^p their arms, that, if such be the case, ther will fight to the last, and that they may as well die at once as die writh hunger after being disbanded without a shilling in their pockets. During the whole time no officer or sergeant dared ap. proach them. Sergeant Ccle was knocked down with a blow of a firelock when the party first left tho round. street barracks. It is believed that the ammunition had been removed to the gaol when the rioters were leaving the barracks. They seemed to have their vengeance particularly directed against the police, who very wisely kept within their barracks. "nTuesday Morning. "A great many of the soldiers are going about the town this morning. I learn that they did get ammunition in the magazine last night. Before going home they attacked the gaol, smashing all the glass in the large -windows over the drop. The appearance of the two police-barracks this morning was frightful; not a 'wholo Pane of glass was left in eiher; the sashes and shutters were smashed to pieces, as were also the windows of Mr. William Bull's honse, adjoining the police-barrack, in Barrack-street. The house of Xr. JohnKennedy, in Silver. street, shared a similar fate. "There was a great number of balls picked up in the streets this morning. The militia are certain that there will be artillery in to-day to put a stop to the ricting, and are preparing to resist thlem-if such be the case there will be awful bloodshed. The town is greatly excited. When the regiment was coming from Tralee all their ammunition was taken from them, which acecunts for the guard not fring yesterday when called on to do so. When the officer told them to load they answered., 'What will we load with ?I and allowed the prisoners to be taken out of the guard. house. "It was while coming out c-f the barracks with a havre' sack of ammunition that Sergeant Cole was knocked down. The scene that was enacted baffes all description. The men did not sleep in their barracks all night, but remained up 'watching. There are plenty of guns and bayonets smashed. Some foolish persons posted notices on both barrack gates, telling them to leep their ground inside, and that the people would mind the outside. " The rioting continued all the day." The Lime7ick Observes- has the following account from the scene of outrage, dated 5 o'clock yesterday evening:- "Intense excitement prevails respecting the accounts from Nenagh. Some go the length of saying that 11 police. men have been shot by the rebellious militia; but this we only give as the prevailing rumour, not undertaking to answer for the accuracy, though we were informed at the police-station in William-street that the messenger who arrived on a car at half-past 4 o'clock this morning stated positively that they had firad into both police-barracks aidA demolished-the-windows. A ielegraphic despatch reached Major-General Sir James Chatterton at half-past 4 oc'lock to-day, when he immediately imued orders for the squadron of the 17thTancerswhich had arrived from Cahir toact as a guard of honour to the Lord-Lieutenant fo-morrow to be ready tomarchl to Nenagh within 15 minutes. The General and his aide-de-camp, Major Foster, 4th Royal Irish Dragoon Guards, proceeded instantly in a carriage from Cruise's Hotel to Nenagh; the buglo call was at once sounded through the eity, and -within a quarter of an hour the full troops hatl assembled at the Artillery Barracks, under command of Captain Sir George Hector Leith, Comets Cleghorn and Waymouth. They fell in with admirable precision and regularity, and rode off by the Palmerston road to Neenagh as being the shortest route. The Protestant Lord Bishop of Limerick, the Mayor, the Rev. Pryce Peacocke, Mr. William Gubbins, J.P., and a great number of respectable citizens were present at their rapid muster and departure." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 95'2 '8; ditto, for new account, 12th of Augu,st, 960 4; * ew Tlhree per C:ent. Stock, 95bZ 96 96g ; ditto, for new account, 12th of August, 96i;; Bank Stock, 226;- Grand Canal Company 100O1. paid), 41; Wicklow Copper MIine (51. paid), for accentt, 30t. Railways.-Dublin and Belfast Junction (451. paid}, for account, 464; Dublin and. WVieldow (101. paid), 6X; Ditto, for account, 6'; Greas Southern. and w estern, Eighths. six per cent. nrc- ference (61. 5s. paid), 74; Iish Sauth-Eastern (121. paid), for account, 61 ; Killarney Junction ( 101. paid), 10; * M1d. land Great *estern and Royal Canal, half shares (2I51 paid), 2Gg; Waterford and Limerick, six per cent. preference (101. paid), 10. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) DUBLIN, WErD>NESDAY LEVr VG. The following later particulars of the mutiny at Nenagh was received in town this evening by magnetic telegraph:- "12XEN.AGH, TurSnAY Nsosr. "At 4 o'clock this evening 520 men of the 30th, 41 st, 47th, and 55th Regiments, under command of Colonel Hart, arrived from TemDlemore, and Imarched up to the Summerhill 3asrracks, having previously loaded their pieces. Contrary to expectation, the gate 'W3 thrown open, when they marched in and forred into line in the barrack-square. The militia hawing formed oppo- site them, they were asked to give up their arms, which theyr refused. The Riot Act was read and the square cleared of all civilians, and both Farties stood opposite one another, the militia remaming firm in their determination to keep their arms. Ih the meantime a-body of militia who -had stopped straggling about the town commenced firing outside the barrack-gate. One.man fired a shot. through the keyhole of the wicket, and killed a soldizr inside. Another body went round the walls, and. fired several shots at the' troops, three of whom, ,it is said,- were mortally wounded, and to others slightly.: A part of the troops were then sent to chase themn away, but -the militia got into lanes and noo;s, arnd fired at the troops as they passed. "c General Chatterton arrived at 8 o'clock to reinforce the troops from Templemore. The police barracks were strongly barricaded, and none of the police stirred out. They were reinforced early in the morning by men from the stuTrrouding districts. The firing of the militia and troops continued up to 9 o'clock. Five or six men were wotunded and one killed. In Pound-street three of the militia were killed. An industrious man named Gibbons, in Pound-street, was shot dead by the regulars. At half-past 9 o'clock all was quiet, and at 1 1 o'clock a troop -of Lancers arr.ived from Limerick. The militia were taken prisoners; they have lost three killed and eight wounded."
SPORTING INIE'ILIGENCE. I IVVERPOOL JIJLY MTETINTh- W.n-knAv :rhe promise of sport presented by the programme was not realized,and the fields dwindled into insignificance. The proceedings did not commence until a quarter past 2, and they terminated at 5, the spectators having littbe to excite or sustain their curiosity. The morning was dull and lowering, btt towards noon the dark clouds rolede away, andI the rermainder of the day was favourable to the enjoyment of the sport. Despite the heavy rain which haA fallen since Sunday, the course was in capital running order. On Friday the sport is likely to be wounld up wito much celae, for the card for that day il: the most attractive of the meeting, and inthe eveningthe Earl of )Derby has invited the jockeys, triners, and race officials to a supper at Knowasley. The sabjoined return of the racing requires no commen The CroxTETH STrAs of 10 sovs. each, h. ft., for 3-yr- olds and upwards. One mile and a. quarter. 7 subs. Mr. T. Parr's Fisherman, by lJeron, 3 yrs, 6st. 101b. (Quinton) ... ... ... .. ... walked over. The MIxRscrSTAS-mxs of 15 sovsy each, 5ft., with 50 added, for 2-yr-olds; colts, Sst. 71b.; fillies Sast. 41b. Winners of 100 sovs. clear 31b. extra. The second to receive 30 sova out of the stakes. T. Y. C. 21 subs. Mr. Arnstrong's Dusty Idiller, by Malcolm, Sst. 71b. (Quinten) 1. . . . . . . Mr. Copperthwaite's Sprig of Shillelagh, Sat. Tib. (Aida Mr. T. Parr's Apathy,8sat. 10ib. (including 31b extra) M1r. J. Osborne's Glede Haw,; Sat. ;h. (J. Osborne) , 4 lord Derby's Mona, Sat. 41b. (E. Harrison) ... 0 Betting.-5 to 4 on Sprig of Shillelagh; 5 to 1 each agst Glede Hawk and Apathy; 8 to I agst Dusty Miller. Before the race 25 to I to 1001. was.taken about Sprig of Shilelagh; andl1,000 to 20 twice aboutGlede Havk for the Derby. Dusty Miller made all t,he runni, and won by a length;* three-quarters of a length between the second and third, a!length between the thinrd and fourth, and about three lengths between the fourth and. fifth. The LANCASUIME OAKS of 10 sovs. each, h. ft., 100 added for 3-yr-olds; fillies, Sst. 1b. each. Certain penalties and allowances. The second to receive 30 sovs. out of the stakes. Once round (a mie 712 yards). 35 sLbs. Mr. J. Merry's Uzella, by Sweetmeat, Sst. 21b. (Ash. mall) ... ... ... ... ... ... ... t Mr. Copperthwaite's Oltenitza, by the Flying Dutch- man, bst. 7nh. ... ... ... ... .. . + Mr. J. Osborne's Miss Tiff, Sst 71b. (J. Osborne) ... 3 Mr. Meeson's Emily (late Staffbrdshire Nan), Sst. 7Tb. (Wells) 4. . . . . . . Betting.-6 to 4 agst Oltenitza, 9 to 4 agst Emily, and 4 to 1 agst tixella. A fine race in wvith Oltenitza and Uzella ended in a dead heat. Miss Tiff was about two leagths behind the first two. Emily was beaten off about half a dozen lengths. Deciding Heat.-BettinS.-6 to 4 on Oltenitza. Won in a canter. Tne Bx2"msNcc; TETEioNren, a Handicap Sweepstakes of 10 sovs, each, h. ft., with a piece of plate of 1O0 sovs. value added ; for 3-yr-olds and upwards. Certain winners extra. The second to save his stakes. Mile and a-half. 28 subs. Mr. Merry's Wild Huntsman, by Earkaway, 5 yrs, 7st. 71b. (Basham) ... ... ... ... ... ... Mr. Copperthwaite's Early Eird, 5 yrs, 8st. 21b. (Ald 1 croft) ... .. .. .. .. .. .. , 2 Sir C. Monck;'s Van dal, 4 yrs; 6at. 121b. (Cresswell) ,,. 3 Mr. Saxon's May, 4 yrs, 7st 61b. (J. Forster) ... *... 4 Betting.-6 to 5 agst Early Bird, 6 to 2 agst Wild Huntsman, 6to 1 a, st VandaL. Wfon by a length and a half; three-quarters of a length bbeetween the vsecond and. third. My finished about a length MATcH for 300 sovs., h. ft., Sst. 71b. each. Three-quarters of amiale. Lord Glasgow's colt by Surpice-Clarissa, received. forfeit from Lord Derby's Athlete. (BY EoCMC a LIuGRAGH.) The SE=G STAKES. Salmon ... ... ... ...1 ... . I Icarus ... ... ... ...2 ... ..2 Five ran. The TRSAm-E' SAscEs. Prince Plausible . . . 1 King of Scotland.. . 2 Meigh Dair ... ... ... ... 3 Only these ran. LIVERPOOLh WEDNESDAY NIGHT, 12 o'CLocR. L&LEsT Cup BzrrGro. 5to 2 agst Typee 6 - 1 - Brother to Gray Tommy. 7 - 1 -Marchioness. 10 - 1 - Lady Tatton. The Cup will be run for at half-past 3 o'clock.
PRoFEssor OWmnx, F.R.S.-.This distinguished naturalist, -who for nearly 30 years has been connected with the woya College of Surgeons, as conservator of the oHnterian Museu and Professor of Comparative Anatomy, has just resigned his appointment ad entezed aor eatensve scene of usefulness at the British Museru, as superintendent of the natural history department. AaEDs MrnIDm 3unaj Bn1DPonOBTO Mon1day evening an inquest maosheld a Mr. Samuel Skinner, coroner for the western division, of the county of Dorset, on the body of John Antony Brownu, a labourer, who died at Birdtsnoregate, near Bridport, on Sunday morning, July 6. From the evidence adduced it appears that the deceased was a common labourer aCCuIStomed to drive a horse of his own, which was aw very vicious one. On Saturday morning, at anl early hour, he left Bir-dsmoregate to go to Bleaminster with a load of poles, a distance of seven or eight miles. His wife saw nothing more of him until 2 o'clock on Sunday morning, when she heard some one groaning under the window of her cottage, and on going to see whence the sound toriginated she discovered her husband in a very weak state, bleeding from wounds in his head, and faintly exclaiming " The horse 1" She then got him with great difficulty through a passae into the cottage, but the deceased held so firmly to her dress that she was unable to extricate herself or call for assistance. At 5 o'clock she got from bimn and wenb to a relative's about 100 yards from er residence, but on her return the deceased only breathed twice and expirecl. She had no doubt the bruises on his head -were caused by the horse. Dr. Hounsell, bowever, asserted that it was highly improbable that such braises, which werc on the top of the head, could be caused by the kick of a horse, but had un- doubtedly. been made by some, blunt instrument.- There was no doubt that deathi resulted. froma the fractures of the slkull. The Imay were requested particularly to notiee the fact that the woman had dragged, I according to her own evidence, the deceased, who was a tall, athletic man, more than Sixr feet high, through a long passage whilleblood was flowingecopious ly through woundsI in his head, andyeft not' dropof beeo could be found ith the passage. The fact, also, of the wife having waited three hours before she called assistance looked very suspicions, especially as it was not sought until within a few moment6 previous tothe death. 'The jury therefo:re returned a verdict of " Wilful Murder" against some person or persons unknown.
SA ^LES BY AVOTIOI. 11adknCy.-_Exelet Invest,ment in Siteight-roomed Dfellnlthoties of thbe Talue of £178 Per annum. ]IjfR hESSITER mi SELL by AlUCTION. at the- I.Ledifa,t on tloiody. J7ly 21. at 12 for 1. in oue iot. siX eight- - rnoonedl) LLING-nouJsLs, situateanlbeimglxoe.5 .6,7 8.9 and 10, Eleanor-road, ltichlond-road, Haickney: held on leace iVr sboutt 90 y-3rs direct from the freehoLder, at a ground ront of £4 e&chbobne. Particulars and condition3 of Wsae obtained of u 1e3sor Cobbold a Patterson. solicitors, S. Bedford-row, London; the Queen }Zeanor. clmos to tho property; the Mart; and of the auctioneer, at his auction and estate officos. 24, Acton-plw%e, Kingdsand-road. near the bridge, Victor-perk, closet vDst-Elainweekly and shop proety, of Ilseles of £248 45. per annum. TO. ESSITER is instrmted to SELL by AUC- _TION. at the S MIt, on londay, July 21, at l2 for 1. in four lote, TEIRTEENTlonz LESEHOLD HOlBSE, situate and beingNos, 19. 20,, 2l2,nd a Dairy, in Cranbr;>ooktreet.,(Old Ford-road - No3.1 2 3, 4, X. and.6, Park-olacs; npd 2m. lu.nd 2, JSing-otreet. Old'Ford-road leading to the eriacipal entrance of Vlcloori-nlrk. traces wVilt be grasteddirertfromthefreehosderat mlodert ground rent, ParEWnlas and conditions of sale obtainodof - lepra H eudson and ranciu, aelicitors, Tolcenhouae-yarj Lothbb ; the CitY of Paris, elode to the proty; the Mart; and of the auctioneer, at his estate oices, x Acton-plae,Kinrebsedn-scad, ose totebridge. To3Printers and Prtnters' Broiser . i LEWI]S and SONT, prnnoors appraisers and aunc- elt von wa41il SEBLLb,y *XUlN atS, 31ed Ioe-aoae, Ineet-street , To-morrowv. July II, at 11 for 12 pre&ily, PIILNPU4G idATERtUiLS, cons' ofpo tTe from four-lino to ruby, wood lettas, frames raccs, chases, nion andanarble surfaces, seven Albiox and ColumbLan preses. cslindrical inking tables, three litho2raphic ,reres, two cutting:machinrs arming pzees, Athol press, cePital Sin. bylraulio by 3 minoon and Copa glazed boardsc gathering boards k. To be Tey teday preceding and- morning of ra:c, Catalogames, ith printedrspe:imens Ofthetigo, yboladon thel premisesandof the auctioneer, 21. Fionch4-e, r PreEton. L- 7y .MH. C. aLON, at his Sa3e 3Eeoms n , FiEhercate, Prston, on Satnday, July I9tb, at-2 for ', JlLIGiEBLE Freehold Buid g Land, with excelent Ebrickearth, containing &bout I2%a Ir. 15p, well adaptedfor brick makingpurpowee orforthe erection of factoriesand cottagesin Preston. The rbove valuable estate lice between Eibbleton-lane and the Lhorpidge 3ailvay, and abomnds itth brick earth, Printed astnicaers and pans ofEthe estate may ho obtained in loadon of W' J. Holt, E5so, _oliditor, 1S. Chathsmpla-2ae, Elslcfdria5 3,H. ANes, Eq.. Szolicitor. 25, ino2n's-inn-felds; in 3Preston of 2dessrs. 3ers and Veres, land agnit6 arnd suarveyors : ancof the nslltioneer. 67, Cadogxnzedace.-Fnrilture. G'EORGE BERRY will SELL lby AUCTION, on the Premises, as above, on Thur-day, June 17. at 12 for t precisely, all the well-manufactu-ed EHOUSEite[LD F IJPE oomimwg Arabian, Frencb. and iron bedsttads, feather beds Ma beduio, hir and wool imattreses, cbests of drawers, weamebtands. dressigtabEec, mahogany and jap;nised wardrobes, a drawing room suit in rosewooA, embracing winged eheifonuer with shaped marble top and aaied glas panels, eighs chairs, e o'a, card. wit, nd oc- Dasional tables; chimney glasses, cottage pianororte by C -d and Collard. eet of S-feet wide Spanish mahogaDy dining tabke, 12 wellmade chai. in leather, a fewpaintni; and engravingplated rti' thina, glas, kdtchen reqoiEitea, and numerous ifects. May be vield the day prior and morning of sale; tod catalogues bad on the premises; and st the auctioneer's ofcde., B a, ldoteomb-streat, Wepgiavia, An immenro assenblago of capit&l Setond-handTlmrniture, Otlire Pit- tngs, Piancorter, a doulble-action Ears, small quantity of Plate, Plated Atcle., Includig a solendil Set of Dflh Covers. Wer pare, ;d nuerous usefudl rid ornament a issellan;ie, ESsIS. OXEXMw wilSL y PfO at their 3BIoms, 333, Oxford-etree, near the Patheon. -Tea=r-- vovw, t 1 fUUrI pnuctualIly, an immense assemblage of capital secondhand ZUEB3IlTl th consisting of Arabian, four-post, and iron bed- stads a n n, with bedding cololete, wnged and otherwardrbes, waahstands, dressing table, s- nut-tree, mahogany, asd aewood chbas. sofas conce, and eaFy chairse suites of curtais Joo. card, ooasicnal and setS of dininc tables, grand cottage and piscolo pianotortes y 3Broadcwood and otber eminentnmakere, a doue-acti3on harpbyS:ltumpff,pedeital idebob , dnner wMag,- chinmey and pier glasses, capital librry ables, coping machiLo anUof ce fttirg., bookcaes, hul and mdamqueterie ctunets, small quantity oE plate. Eiated arta induding a pendid se-I of dish ceav, china, sl's., the medtsrOquaites,aeving sapparel, hdunmerous uteful and ncatenWt ef:cs, M3ay beh ewed onTheradAyand morning of ile, aid Bev}s,-.2he 3Midrbam htate, with Halt Court, a mat compact Yreeholdomnain of L30 acres, including the Mansion and Park, several Farns, umnerous House and Cottiges. with the Manor of 3idgham,situate ontheIunger!ordDine of theGrenSWesrtnlialsy almost coutygoiws to the WoolhamnDton Btatien, and 11 imSe fizom 3:SSBS. XHUMPREMY8 and WALLEN have IN esoois-ad instraotions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, On Telday, JulY 29, in one let, the above Importast OMA0LX, -bwht foinnr ono of the most complete daD 'tir, estates foe reteh e-an.-investmnent in the comuty, lying as it o entirelY vWithin iL airg fence thu nsse rd aknal nt~ ete tbefosmera oommolis i reindamse. adnipt fora ne a in or e n- le bn' statelyent,and the laUer beatifoll unduag vsdtb7hstatdylbsr arid*iridsplent:tions, andby *a a etiowates. toeaaeug Prn5 in f ur direetises l y gnodoadsleadiagthcah the faes and woods au to ir proertt; the t- ,insoan andlo ! DlInchn&t,emof a se s re being tor br sout sadan uanaghn efi s u tbe alleY of tsoeeensttie the b aeWOodgoftWaing s.dHhlas,wthwtbHfampa--e-AWlihir s. ]3ow be isatedisbue: te farmsnsmas.a souse othe rehbet hndin bs eon-, and belgle, atowet. ts *SPerior clas 0 katry; the hlmw asd motbs hartawksg,iaiiair ee, of the 1ae Car- Andde. sc these bnelgt tharether attractions of exeaflest troaV mw_ a h~r in the n ci i 'Isod, The whole of th _ba, Jbfre _. h macr 1 s. br&aa tew1h inetUded intbe _m s The, Me.ds as le , 1s X Chead, d haf Of fiee Besifcaq* Ua ineal d it d Ldad i'zbaa ad yb -uyX [s ; s, d UI o,Utn ard,oh. I f a* d Web bMem l,pry adWUa WCU .o
