DEATHS. On the 5th of April, at Calcutta, Ar. MJatthew James Bell, of the Beng3l Pilot Service, aged 29, deepiy regretted. On the 7th inst., at her residence. Calvert-street, Norwich, aged 6S, Mrs. Davey. relict of the late Jonathan Davey, Esq., of Eaton HaU, rear Norwich. On the 10th inst., at Leyton, Essex, Mrs. MaryGregory, aged 63. youngest surviving otughter of Capt. Augustus Manning. On the 11th inst., at 19, IVirpole-street, deeply lamented by her family and friends, Anna Maria, relict of Antony Bourdois, 'q., eldes- daughter of the late Charles R. Burney. Esq., of Bath,and granddaughter of the late Dr. Barney, of Chelsea College. On the 12th inst., at 7, Beanfort-buildings east, Bath, aged26, Mary louia, the wife of David Lees, Esq. On the l3th inst., at Oxford, Procter Clark, of theParks, Evesham, youngest surviving son of John Clark, E:91., Lanes3eld, aged 26. On the 13th il3t.. at 36. Foley-place, Portland-place, London, Mr. MaacQueen, late of S, Princes-street, Edinburgh. On the 14th in4t., Fre;;erick Albert Tipple, aged 11 months, infant son of F. A. Tipple, Esq., surgeon, of ''iteham, Surrey. On the 14th inst., at 1. Norland-terrace, 2Notting-hill, of bronchitis, Mrs. de Mornay, in her 73d year. On the 14th inst., at Slough, Ann MLargaret, thirddaughterof William Knocker, Esq., Lient. Rt-. On Thursday, the 15th inst., at Lechlade, Glocestershire, Captain W. John Cole, RN.. K. ., deep4- and deservedly lamented by his family and all who ever knew him. On the 15th inst., at 21, Hyde-park-gardens, Joseph Hall Baibridge, only son of Joseph Bainbhidge. Esq. On the 15th inst., at St. Peter's-street, St. Alban's, Miss ELuabeth Appleby. On the 15th inast., at 7, Bertimer-pince, Kingsland, Susan Mtary, orly daughter of Captain Martin Broolk, aged 4yeajs and 7 months, On the 15th inst., at Tunbridge-welIs, Mrs. Eliz.abeth Gibbs, of ilurlem-place, in the n1st year of her age, after a short illness. On the 15th inst., at 16, Osnaburgh-street, Regent's-park, John A. Ro'certson. Esqt., Late of the Island of it. Vincent, and of Frant, in the county of Suszex, aged 62. P..LP. On the 16th inst., suddenly, at his residence, Keunington-road, Samnel Fletcher, Esq., aged 69 years and 9 months, late of B3reningtonpark, StoeSport. At Kenyle. coLZnty Gaiway, in the 63th year of his age, Henry Blake, EsI., J.P.. late ot Lehbich, county of Mayo.
SlJICIDE 01? MR. CHARLES RUSSELL. Mr. Bedford, the coroner for Westminster, held an in rest yesterday at 2 o'clock on the body of Mr. Charles ussell, late chairman of the Great Western Railway, at his late residence in Argyle-street, Regent-street. Mr. G. L. Russell, of the Chancery bar, identified thebody as that of his brother. He knew of no cause except mental disease for his committing suicide. Robert Howard, valet to the deceased, deoosed that hehad two or three days before complained of pains in thechest; and on Tuesday morning had calledfor a cuo of tea, -a fact quite uuusual with him, and still complained of the pain he was labouring under, and said he had sentfor medical adfice. He left him at 10 o'clock at night, and went to his room at a quarter before 7 on Thursday morning. Hethen found the deceasedlying onthebed in hisdressing-gown, on his left side. Hisfacewascovered with blood; two pistols were lying by his side; he was not dead at that time, but breathing hard. He (witness) ran for the nearest medical man, and Mr. hl'Oscar, of Tyler-street, attended, and a physician was sent for. He heard no report of a pistol during the night, and no one was in the house except the deceased, witness, and the female housekeeper. The pistols found on the bed he had never seen before. One had been discharged, the other appeared to have missed fire. The deceased never spoke, and died abont 2 o'clock. Mr. J. 2dLOscar deposed that when be -was called to see the deceased he found him bleeding from the mouth and nostrils. The blood on his face was quite hard; and, on examining the month, he found a large fissure in the centre of the uslate, evidently caSused by a pistol-shot, the bullet, in all probability, lodging near the brain. He was perfectly unconscious and had no powver of motion, and the act might have been committed one or two hours boefore he was called in. He had no doubt that death was caused by efmusion of blood on the brain from the wound, and that the deceased committed the actihimself, which a 'peared, from the direction of the w.ound, to lhave been done wvith the left hand. In his opinion, from the marks of blood on the 'door, the deceased mus have fired the pistol standing, and then thrown himself on to the bed. Both pistols had not been discharged, but, one being unscrewed, the powder had dropped out, the bullet remaining in the barrel. 3Mr. Morton, ofE20, Stanhope-place, surgeon, said he lhad known the deceased for some years; he bad latterly been suffering from oppression on the chest, which would tend to depress the brain and cause mental derangement, After somne further evidence the jury returned a veedicti of " Temuorarv insamitv."
MIZSS A. GODDARDS CONCERT. After an absence of two years, during vhich she ha visited necrly all the principal tvowns of Germany and Italy, giving concerts everywhere, and everywhere with the success to which her merits entitle her, .iss Arabella Goddard has returned to England. Her first concert took place yesterday, in the Haaover-square Rooms, in presence of a host of connoisseurs and amnateurs of the pianoforte. *What kind of pianist Miss Goddard was before she under- - took her continental tour it is unnecessary to recall to our mnusical readers. She has lost nothing by travelling. On the contrary, change of scene, familiarity with unknown persons and things, and contact wvith the most distinguished foreign professors have been of the highest benefit, if -we may judge by their influence upon her talent. Her voyage 'Was evidently not a voyage of mere pleasure, but one of studv and reflection. Vhat she has seen and heard has supplied her with new resources for the attainment of that perfection in her art vhich -we believe no young aspirant ever sought after more assiduously. Nor has Miss Goddard been tempted by the "modem romantic school" (as it is roman- - tically entitled), now in such high favour abroad, to forget the common sense which governs musical taste in her owzn country. She has not abandoned for more dazzling and superficial productions the works of those great masters to her familiarity wvith which she wvas early indebted for her reputation. A glance at the p-ogramme of yesterday's concert will be enongh to establishthis: PART 1 Symphony, No. 4 . .. .. . .Beethoven. Concerto, pianoforte, in D minor .. .. Mozart Overture, "Son and Stranger" . Mendelssohn. PART IL Grand Sonata, litanofore and violin .1. Bethovea, Rondo, in B isat, p!anoforte .Mendelssohn. Overture, "* eli . . .. Meaon. The above selection might, perhaps, be rated as too exclusively " classical,"-more especially for one like Mliss Goddard, -who has all the fantasiasof the " romanticists" and 6n2aia composers " dans scs doigts" (as the French say), and executes them to perfection. -But, this being her first publc appearance since her protracted absence, we must applaud the judgnent wvhich induced her to reject every ad c{aptanlunt means of display, and to rely solely for effect upon ^Mozart. Beethoven, and 3endelssohn. To nlay the music of those uncompromising masters well is, we are - aware, a far more difficult tasL than the other; but by the multitude, who look for show, it is not always so readily appreciated; and it argued a bold and earnest spirit in so young an artist to have been able to resist the fascinations of ephemeral success for a triumph more sclid and durable. The concerto of Mozart, though written nearly 70 years ago, has never been surpassed by any com- - poser. It is one of the masterpieces of the master of masters. No ordinary player should attempt it-since it contains nothing that lends itself to ordinary interaretation. lEss Goddard, however, was never an ordinary player, andis now less so than ever. The two years that have passed since she was last heard in ingland have not so much addedto her mechanical proficiency as they have developed her mental resources. If we may so express ourselves, her mind is a more despotic iuler of her ingers than before. She now both thinks and executes like a perfect mistress of her art. A more unaffected and noble reading of Mozart's magnificent work has not been heard from any pianist in our time. It was the master who spoke to us, from first to last-not the pianist, wvho, modest and retirina vas too ha'pp to shinebythereflectionof sogreatalight. lnMendelssohn P Rondo-one of the most sparkling and animated emanations from a genius as impulsive as it was inexhaustible-Miss Goddard-vasequallyhappy. Here an amount of manual dexterity is required which in the days of Mozart was unknown. How the old composers wouldhave been astounded by our moderm tours deforeee! In their time the pianoforte was a different instrument from what it is now. But real genius Teaects the age in which it lives; and Mendelssohn availed himself. -with consulnmate art of every modern discovery-hiniselfr bythe way, amongthemostprolific inventors of novelineans and appliances. The Rondo in E fiat-while regarded implyfrom a musical point of view, an inspir-tion-is. crowded with purely mechanical difficulties. It is a -morccohubrillant"-abrav-tsra,inthe strongest signification of the term. Miss Goddard's performance of this was as marvellous for its accnracy as it was eminently graceful. The cantabile phrase that, here and there, arrests the r-ahingtorrent of notes-one of those felicitous contrasts with which Mendelssohn, like a great painter, knew so well how to relieve what might otherwise have been questioned as the vzono!ony of his prnestissirno movements-was deli-- vered at each time of its recurence with some new touch of feeling that imparted to it a fresh and congenia - charm. Therapidpassagesof scalesandarpeggios, in which the rondo (inconveniently) abounds, were executed -with astonishing facility and a command of the gradations of" force-from forffssirno to jfit7sissi77w, and ricc rscns-of which very fewv pianists have ever possessed the secret. In the sonata of Beethoven-the grandest and most difficult of all his compositions for violin and ptano (the one in Azinor, dedicated to Kreutser)-iss G oddard enjoyed the invaluable assistance of Herr Ernst. we do not renember a more perfect execution of this familiar wo-k-the ch7t-cw de batsic of all ambitious players on the twvo instrumentsfor which it was composed. Herr Ernst appeared to tIeo more than ordinary pains, and played so superbly 'bat at' the end of almost every phrase there -was a murmur of applause from the audience. The andante with variatinn6, of course, gave the greatest satisfaction to the majority; but the first and last movements were equally admirable. In short, Miss Goddard-to employ the phrascologyy which belongs to descriptions of the Italian Opera-could not possibly have made a more successful re ntrc. The singers were M1ademoisellelrall and Herr Reichardt, who both distinguished themselves favourably-th e lady in the lovely crotiasa of Agatha, from the second act of Dcr FreiscAidz; the gentleman in Ba3fe's spirited setting of Longfellow'sserenade, "Goodnight beloved," The band was that of- the Orchestral UJnion, which, under t'ceable direction of Mvr. Alfred Mellon, performed the sympIhony of Beethoven and both the overtures inl first-rate styv3e.
I| TO THE EDITOR OP THE TIMES. Sir,-Your publication of to-day contains, in the letter of your ' own correspondent" in Ireland a statement vhich, having been adopted by him and promulgated by you, is entitled to attention. It is to the effect that the resolution which I recently submitted to the House of Commons on the subject of E-ars was moved without the concurrence and against the remonstrance of the Earl of Derby and of Mdr. Disraeli, and that their representations of the propriety of holding bac3 were imet by a declaration on my part that I would never again vote with the party if I were not supported, and that on I would go, even should I not have a man to stand byme. This statement is without foundation. The motion to which it refers was confided to me by the leader of the party in the House of Commons with which I have the honour to act. No such remonstrance was ever addresbed to mue by Lord Derby or 2,fr. Disraeli, but, on the contrary, the course I tookl had their nimform approval and encoviragenment. I have the honour to remain, Your obedient servant. JAMES WYTTFcRrm- Carlton Clrb, Mfay 16. LThe " statement" was quoted from the Dublin Evcning uagil.] _ _
A VESTRY 1EsTLrioNiA.-At a meeting of the vestry of St. George's, Hanover-square, which took place yesterday at the board room, 2dount-street, Grosvenorsquare (the Rev. H. Howarth, the rector, presiding). a handsome silver salver vwa presented, 'with a purse containing o07l, to 3fr. T. B. Chappell, as a t+e$smonia3 from a number of the nobility, gertry, clergy, parochial officers, catepayers, and other inhabitmnts of the parisb, fcr his faithful and valuable servioes for 40 years, during 28 of which be fiLled the responsible office of vestry clerk. Word& to this effect were inscribed on the salver, which was hznd*& to Mr. ChappeU by the rector, 'who acknowledged in ver complimentaryterms the -merits of thategentleman, anr srtaed that he had 'oeen the means of savmng tothe parish hundreds upon hundreds of pounds through his vigilant care and experienced advice. SouTHA3iPToN, MIay 16.-Her RoyalHighness th6 Duchess of Kent will embark from thedoeka to-morrow on board the Eoval yacht 3airy, }on. Captain Denman. on a visit to Her M!ajesty at Osb,{orne. It is the -intention of her Royal Eiehness to be -r,reeent Xn- Monday at the la;ing ofla the foundatinn stone br the rew m ilitary po,o+ S: erected near lNet1ey4bbey.
jf,Vy-iWABKTc.nd CITYINTELIGECE.- Friday Evening. The English finds opened this morning at an advance of au eighth upon the official prices of last evening, and, after a temporary reaction; conseouent upon the extreme pressure for money to prov.de the deposit of 10 per cent. on the application3 for the newy loan, the market closed with an appearance of great bioyancy. Consols for money wera first quoted 93i to , whence they declined to 93k. In the afternoon numerous purchases were maade, under the impression that, from the extent of the demand, the allotments for the loan woould be individually small, and a steady rise occurred to 93E to for money, and 94 to ; for the 4th of June. .Bank Stock left off at 211 to 213; Reduced, 92* to ; New Three per Cents., 927 to 93; Annuities, 30 years, 17 1-16; Indlia Stock, 228 to 230; India-bonds, l0s. to 5s. discount; Exchequerbonds, 981 to g ; and Exchequer-bills (MlIarch) 4s. discount to par, (June) 8s. to 4s. discount. The pressure at the Bank of England for advances was colntinuous throughout the day, and in the Stock-Exchange and out of doors very high rates were occasionally paid. It is believed the applications for the loan exceed 20,000,0001. Foreign securities were firn, but the highest priceswere not in all cases fully supported. Operations took place in Buenos Ayres early in the morning at 61 and 62, but subsequently there was a sudden advance on favourable intelligence alleged to have been received bv the Brazilian packet, the final quotation being 65 to G7. Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 9S8, ;, and Z, for the account. Bargains in the Four per Cents. Guaranteed occurred at 102 and 102; for money, and 1025i for the account. The general business comprisedBrazilian Five per Cents., 99, 99k, and J-; the Small, 99 ; Grenada, New Active, 18:'; the Deferred, 7 ; Mexican, for money, 23L, 1, and i; and for the account, 232 and J; Peruvian Fourand-a-Hallf per Cents., 771; Portuguese Four per Cents., 50x ; Russian Five per Cents., for account, 105j ; the Pour-and-a-falf per Cents., 95; Spanish Three per Cents., 45x and 3; the New Deferred, for account, 25- and 25; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 94k. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon there was rather more demand for bills upon Amsterdam and Hamburg, and the rates were a shade lower. With regard to other places, there was no alteration. The corn-market was again quiet this morning at former rates. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows some irregularity of prices, but a steady tone at the close. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 75f. 25c. for money, and 7Sf. SOc. for the end of the month, showing an improvement of an eigthth. The Hamburg letters state the demand for money to be unabated, the rate of dliscount being still 7 per cent. On the Paris Bourse the supply is comparatively good. An adjourned meeting of the creditors of M1essrs. Syers, Walker, and Co., largely engaged in the East India trade, who failed on the 4th of April, was held to-day, 'Mr. C. Dearie presiding, to receive a report from the committee appointed to examine the accounts, and the proposal of a composition of 4s. in the pound. Four out of five of the committee have agreed to the following recommendation, but the dissentient, Mr. Warner, intimated his opinion that further investgation is requisite previously to any definitive conclusion " Your committee, having obtained such information and explanations as they could collect, founded upon Mr. Coleman's pro forml statement of the affairs of' Messrs. Syers Walker, and Co. (which statement and investigation are by necessity imperfect, from the books not having been posted since July, lS-55), have come to the conclusion that those gentlemen could not carry out their proposed composition of 4s. in the pound. Mlessrs. Syers, Walker, and Co., still believing that, with the assistance of their friends, and that influence which they could exercise over those persons having business transactions with them, by themseLves administering the estate, offer to pay a composition of 3s. imthe pound-say, Is. on the signature of the deed by three-fifths of the creditos, Is. in six months from that date, andls. in 12 months, the last instalment to be guaranteed, your comnittee recommend that this offer should he accepted, or that the estate be wound up under inspection, either mode promising a more favourable result than bankruntcy. Your committee are unanimous in this view as to the composition being more advantageous for the creditors, with the exception of their chairman, Mr. Warner, who advocates inspectorship as the most desirable course-R. 'In, B. M. EBSwoRTE, J. BXgrscSO, and W. S. GCEvU." Mr. Warner explained his views with regard to the estate, and according to his estimate it may produce a larger dividend than the amount proposed under the revision of the committee. Instead of 3s., or even 5s., the sum shown by Mr. Coleman's pr ofornz4 statement, he thinks with management 6s. or 7s. can be realized, if the produce be not forced to an immediate sale. Re also believes it wvill be necessary to look further into the books and correspondence to ascertain the actual position of affairs, owing to the absence of due regularity by the partners in the arrangement of their transactions. A protracted discussion followed, in which it was stated that the firm were anxious to follow the twishes of the creditors in every respect, and that they had been induced to make this specific offer, believing it was the wish of a majority to arrive at a direct settlement. After mutual explanations, a general desire was expressed to have the estate placed under inspection until the books shall have been made up and the correspondence examined, and the annexed resolution waas eventually carried - "It is the opinion of this meeting that inspectors should be appointed for the period of four calendar months to direct the making up of the books, and to superintend the relizaton of the assets, and to receive and examine the correspondence; and at the expiration of such time, or such earlier period as they may think- fit, to report to the creditors the state and prospects of the estate. That the following gentlemen he requested to act as such inspectorsnamely, MIessrs. A. Warner, C. Dearie, and J. Beatson." The colonial produce markets duing the week have been fullly supplied, and in many articles a good business has been transacted. In the sugar market the operations have been rather extensive. The demand still continues good, exporters, refiners, and the trade, together with speculators, butying very extensively. The advance obtained is fully 6d. per cwt. The private transactions have also been increasing. A cargo of Mlanilla and one of Tauritius have been reported for Plymouth, and one of Paraiba for the Clyde. The Datch Trading Company's sales went off very briskly, and established a rise of fully half a florin on the valuations. Coffee has been freely brought to sale, the good and superior classes realizing very high quotations, although the inferior have experienced an occasional decline. The lower descriptions of rice, forming the main portion of the enormouis stocks on hand, have suffered a fall of 6d. per cwt., but the good quialities are in request at fully previous quotations. Saltpetre continues extremely depressed. The indigo quarterly sales commenced on Tuesday, and have gone off very heavily, a fall of 3d. to 6d. per poumd on the good and fine Bengals being submitted to. Kurpahs are not mi much better favour, having declined 3d. to 5d. per lb. The q-uantity passed amounts to 3,870 chests, of which 2,050 have been sold, the remainder having been bought in and withdrawn. Only a small amount of business has been transacted in tea, and no change in rates has occ-urred. Large public sales will be held on the 21st. According to a return published to-day, the total revenue fro'mn the fire insurance duty in the united kingcd.om during the past year was 1,341,2421., being an increase of 28,0191. on 1854. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 10th of May gives the following results when compared with the previous week:- Publc deposits .. £3.033,583...Decreaze £83S,211 Other deposits. .. 10,613,914...Decrexie 192,176 Rest ... ... ... 3,233,367...Increase 25,697 On t}he other side of the account:- Government securities ... £12,662,652...Decrease£l,092,431 Other securities .. ... 15,297, 277...Decrease 14S,989 Notes unemployed ... 3,690,990...Increase 260,115 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,942,8301., being a decrease of 282,7351.; and the stock of buliEon in both departments is 9,778,5821., showing a decrease of 28,2981., when compared with the preceding return.
--PAILVA?-AAND MIING -SHABES. Frnday Evening.| There was greater animation in the railwaymarket, and prices on the average showed an improvenment of from 5s. to los. per share. Belgian and iFrench were also higher, while a reneweed inquidy was made for East Indian, Australian land and banking shares exhibited Ettle alteration, the transactionis having been niport. Miscellaneous securities in some cases suffered though sales. Bank of Egypt receded to a to i dis. Ottoman Bank left off i to 1 pm.; iiga Railvay, 1i to > pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, 6 to i pm.; Kationai Discolnt Company, -. to - dis., Westernof London, 5 to 4 ds. ; London anc Paris, 4 to 2 dis.; and Alliance Bank, 21 to 1,- dis.
RAZLW,Y INTELLIGENCE. RAILWAY REFORML A. meetiug ot thie members of the Reform Association was held yesterday at the office in the Strand to consider the-provisions of the Easterri Counties Railway Bill, as passed by the House of Commons, authoriztng the raising of additional cagital; Mr. MaIns in the chair. xrBrowne, the secretary, read the advertisement convenng the meetmng. The CHLUnLAa stated that in addition to the adverisement circulars had been sent to the proprietors. The last day for presenting a petition to the House of Lords- was the 27th inst., and the Present was the latest peried they could conveniently call them together to consider the ubject. The sassociation had been exposed to considerable opposition from raZlway companies, and he hoped the members would not fail to make any suggestions they thiought proper, writh a view to carry out the objects the association had in view. They found that other companies were prepaed to assist the chairman and directors of the Eastern Counties Company in opposition tothe efforts of the Peform Association. A code ot by laws for railway companies had been prepared by Major Court, and, if generally adopted, he be'aeved it would confer a great benefit on railway property. The financial position of the association showed that they had funds quite sufficient to meet any expenses that wonld occur. They had resolved not to get into debt, but to close their affairs if not supported by those whose interest it was to do so. Every member of the associatior might feel assured that no liability would be incurred for which they had no funds, nor would they carry on proceedings one atom further thaa their means would ^alow. It was proposed that theyshould apply to Lord Dalhousie to become their patron. It was well known that he had made valuable suggestions in respect to railway legislation, which, if adopted, would have conferred great b'enefits on railway property. If they could obtain the assistance .of other noble lords it would have the effect of overcommig, to a great extent, the opposition with which the association had now to contend. With regard to the bil promoted by the directors of the Eastern Counties Railway Company, they should bear in mind that the House of Commons did uot recognize shareholders in a company appearing against the directors, as it was presumed that the directors represented thei company and consequently the whole of the shareholders. The only mode of opposing a bill was in the character of landowners, but on proceeding to the merits of the case they would be immediaStely stopped by the committee on the bilL The bill contained 25 pages of recitals of former acts of Parliament relating to the comnany, from which it ws impossible to unravel what those acts empowered the direetors to do. The only chance of opposing the bill with success was in the House of Lords, and they would call upon the promoters to show what powers they had byformer acts, and what powerstheysouglit by the bill. Although the directors bad stated in their last report that they wanted nothing more than to consolidate the powers of the company, it appeared the object'was to enable the directors to raise a further sum of 800,0001. on mortgage. It weas by no means easy tounderstand the bill. The borrowving powers of the company were exercised to the - extent of 2,420,0001., but it appeared they were to be ex- ~tended to 3,195,0001. In order to accomplish this object it was stated in the bill, among other matters, that the capital of';the Eastern Counties Company now consisted of 1,180,4001., Northern 'and Eastern stock; 641,8001. six per cent. stock; and 5,854,0151. ordinary stock; whereas, in fact, the rn and Eastern stock was not a part of the Eastern Counties capital, but na first -mortgage of preferential debt on the entire profits of the company, bearing interest at 5 and 6 per cent. per annum. It was a most injurious course towards the original shareholders to increase the* preference charges. The promoters of the bill said these figures gave the amount of their capital, and that they 'were entitled to borrow money to the extent of one-third of the total amount. The Northern and Eastern Railway was leased for 999 years by the Eastern Counties Company, and they had no nower to borrow money on account of that company's capitaL By withdrawing certain clauses which were orgina51y in the bill, such as giving authority to the Eastern Counties Company to lend money to the Elastern Union and Norfolk companies and to sanction all former acts of the directors, it 'would not he necessary to hold a Wharneiffe meeting,- at which a minority holding one-fourth of the capital represented at such meeting would have power to reject the bill. After alluding at considerable length to other matters connected with railways in general he concluded by explaining that he had retired from the chair and the board of the Metropolitan Railway Company in consequence of his connexionwith the Reform Association; and said that, so long as he was sapported by the members of the association, no consideration would induce him to forero his exertions in carrying out the object they hadin view. _Vr. ITCHxELL remarked that it had been very truly said by lMr. Hadfield's committee on the affairs of the London and North-Western Company, that the shareholders should understand that augmeitation of capital meant reduction of dividend. If the directors were Oowed to pass the bill, the effect would be that the increased preference charges would swallowup the small dividend on the ordinary stock. He concluded by moving a resolution to the effect that it was necessary for the protection of the original stock to oppose the furtherprogress of the bill. Mr. GAIRR,Tr seconded the motion, and it was carried unanimously. Resolutions were also passed to the effect, that the petition againstthe billbe presented to the House of Lords, and that the Railway Defence Committee he requested to continue their oppositon to the bill, and receive subscriptions to defray the necessary expenses. Acordial vote ofthans'waspassed to the chairman and committee for their unremitting exertions in the promotion of railway reform. The meeting then separated.
RAiLwAY AcemEir xER MoLD.-A serios accident occurred on Monday on the railway between Mold and Chester. A special train, consisting of about 35 carriages laden with cattle, and two carriages occupied by dealers, &c., returning from Gold fair, was met bya coa train from the Tryddyn Collieries, at a somewhat steep incline. The collision was a fearful one, resulting in inju. ries to several of the assenger6, especially to Mfr. John Darbyshire,.acattle daer, whowas severely bruised. One cow was lklled, and many of the animals were hurt. TIL SCOTCH CouRT Or EXLnEQmm.-A Govermmenit bill proposes to remedy the inconvenience of the prac- t!ice and procedure in the Curnt of Exceheuer in Scotland; by t.ranferring its powver, authority, and jurisdiction to the C rtofd esion7 which wcill now be also the Conr; of Excbzeqner..
-LORD BROU1GHAM'S-BILf FO- -AMlrDIRG-THE| : LAW Of llA:rASE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-This important bill has been recently delivered and readasecondtirae. JIregrettofindthat,forreasonswhich have not been satisFactorily explained, his Lordship, though -deaing with that country- has not attempted to amend-the law of Scotland, as to the eonstitution of the ;uarriage tie, in cases which are known as irregular- marriages-tnat is, non inmfacie eedcrise. Thie bill, so far as it goes, is most excellent, and 'ill subplv a very cardinal defect in L6rd flardwicke's Act, which admits of much mischief to parties and much scandlal to the law in England. But, combi6ed with Lord JohnRussell'sAct, its operation within the realm of England is now as complete as can well be expected, but it admits of the easiest evasion by the simple expedient of crossing theborder, and talking advantage of the fatalfacility of contractin mnarniage in Scotland by a simple declaration of consent. This will now in a great measure be prevented. Several other inportant provisions are introduced. To these I need not at presentadvert. I wish rather to dwell for a brief space on a provision which it does not introduce, and with the importance of which no lawyer, and. certainly no legislator, has ever shown himself more deeply impressed than Lord Brougham. The English public have scarcely a notion of the great social evils which result from the existing state of that branch of the marriage law of Scotland by which marriage may be contracted by simple consent. No proclamation of bans, no parson, no registrar, no registration, no witness even, is- necessary (although vwithout a witness and in the absence of writing the transaction cannot e5sily be proved). The lordly aristocrat in the boudoir of his beloved, pours forth declarations of marriage; the poor hind, or the illiterate mechanic, makes the same declaration to his sweeheart pro tempore in the nearest pothou&,- ana they are irrevocablymarriedas firmlyasif the contract hadbeen witnessed by an archbishop, assistedbyawholearchdesconry. Itmaycosta costly lawsust to establish the fact, but there is no question as to the law. Children of the respective ages of 14 and 12 are just as competent to enter into this contract and in this way as older children of 21 and upwards, although at the former ages they could not mortgage or devise a single inch of their real estate. All this was most eloquently pointed out by Lord Brougham himself in his celebrated judgment in the caseof "Campbell and Honyman,"veryshortly after he came to the woolsack. I simply ask-Is this a state of law which eught to endure in any civilized community-above all, in one which claims such eminent advancement in religion and morals as Scotland? The maxim on which it is founded is that of the canonists-consensus, non concuZitus, faeeit 7mtr*moaium. It is a fatal maxim. I believe it would have been better for society if it had been precisely the reverse. Still, it is the basis of the law of lurope. Bnt as the Divine law has prescribed no form of matrimony, most States have, of their own authority, superadded some formal ceremonies or checls. The Council of Trent--required the presenceof apriest; but this is not de escsntidof thecontract, andthelaw of Rome seems at the present day to be identical with the law of Scotland. It is well known, and is now an established historical fact, that the Pope pronounced the marriage of George Prince of Wales with Mrs. Fitzherbert valid, though not celebrated in presence of a priest of the Roman Church; and therefore, holding his subsequent marriage with Caroline of Brunswick, though infacie ecdesie and in conformity with the Royal Marriage Act,-which the first was notto be void, enjoined the lady to consort with her husband after the second marriage. One word astothe consequences of such a rule presently. England, under the guidance of a great lawyer and a great man, enacted conditions which deprive the law of the means of doingthe mischief which it theretofore permitted. It may seem indecorous to speak irreverently of a law which has prevailed so long; but I speak simply to facts. That the mere consent to be married people may lead to a happy union fand honourable issue is undeniable; but that is among honourable and truthful people. M\Iany instances may be given. The strongest are those where virtuous people have reason to conceal their marriage for fear of giving distress to relatives, orforfeiting pecuniary advantages which the disclosure might effect. But IS this a state of lawv for the community? Are all men, in the heyday of passion, honest and truthful9 They may be at the moment; but, alas ! the moment may soon become the past. In the case of " Campbel and lonyman," which I have noticed, where the marriage was constituted by promises and an interchange of letters-a lady of much accomplishment and unspotted virtue-"nsy dearest" and " my adorable " in 1813-Is " thatbitch of a woman that torments me " in 1S2L These are the very words of the report. The lady eas then the mother of his children, and the transformed lover endeavoured-but in vain-to suppress the marriage. He thoughtthat because no eye but that of Heaven witnessed the interchange of the conjugal vowhe could get clear;buthe hadforgottenhisletters. In 14 Lord Campbell carried, through the House of IDrds, unanimously, a iiU which required some public symbol to authenticate the marniage. This bill dld not, however, become law, to the regret of most men. It was opposed by the church of Scotland - but solelv on the ground that, for the first time, it proposed by statute to legalize a marriage before a registrar. Lord Cam pbell did not in the slightest degree discourage marrage hy a clergyman. But the church of Scotland did not support the existing system of irregular marriages, or assert that it was conducive to the benefit of society. There is no institution more devoted to the support of morality. Let no establshment abnegate its own ritual; but let all churches agree as - to some rite which will give publicity as well as vaEdity to the contract. Let it be remembered that this is the most enduring of all contracts-that of all others by which consent can bind, but which no consent can unbind -that by which, as Jeremy Taylor- says, heaven itself is peopled. Surely, the constitution of this contract should not be confided to the whisperings of a private chamber, the interchange of loveletters (often going infinitely farther than the parties intended,) or the revelry of the lowest slums of an overgrown manufacturing town. It might be offensive to mention any particular town; but hundreds who peruse these lines wilknow to what a fearful extent of vice these disreputable marriages have led in very many quarters. It is most fitt;ng that all marriages should take place in presence of a minister of religion. Still, it is a great advance that a marTiage should be ratified in presence of a civil functionary, as the law persists in holding that it is simply a civil contract. It can do no harm to the innocent; it would prove a most serious check to the guilty. The base seducer would probably find himnself caught in his own snare. The virtulous girl wiould find her stronghold in the knowledge that she could only be married -by a public celebration. The debaucher would know at what prsce he was to purchase his prise. A A would bealed to think as well as feel. But why alter a law under which (it should rather be said in desphite of wich) society has flourishedfor generations? The evils of the law are now so clamant and so notorious that amendment is indispensable. Herein I speak, not as an advocate, but as a witness. The books are filled with cases demonstrating the evil workings of the law; but there are cases innumerable which do not find their way into the courts or into the books which point the same way. A great proportion of the cases are decided by the Lord Ordinary, and formerly by the Commissary Court, and these are rarely or ever reported, and are therefore unmnown to the public. But they disclose a mass of mischief, of immorality, and crime or which the public has little conception. It is to be regretted that when Lord Campbell brought in his bill in 184 Lord Aberdeen's motion for a remit to a select committee was rejected. In that committee proof could have been given, infinitely stronger than is ap parent from the reports, of the direful worldkg of the law. The subject has always beentoo gingerly treated by the Legislature. MIembers have been afraid to dwell on, or even point out instances of great ilagrsnc. It has simply been taken that the law is bad anthough the House of Commons did differ from nt rs on this aa int. The latter without adissentientvoice resolved on amendment, yet, incomorehensibly, the most reforming and improving mind of the age, and the most indomitable, retreats fromthse struggle to carry It out. He is debarred, it is said, because the bench and the bar of Scotland are hostile. I do not believe it; but thouIh every judge on the bench and though every barrister onthe board, were agarnst the amendment, there les an apreal from their judgmqent to the power of right reason. This washthe appeal of a very earnest and enthusiastic Scotch judge, in interpreting the Scotch Habeas Corpus Act, which he styled a "gulhinlzkiaof nonsense" :-" There is apower above ealeacts of Paricament, and to it I will tbow." Sch a statement on the bench was manifestly unwarrnotable, and drew down the severe wrath of the House of lords. But is the sentiment untrue9 The nresant is not a question for jurists-it is a question for society at large, and especially for the pegislature inall its branches. Right reason resolves-whatever the gown or the cof may hold-that the securityof nnoperty, the descent of illustrious rani, the honour of families, and the happiness of homely privacy, shall not be intrusted to the interchange of a few words (the real meaning of which may be, and not unfreaquentlyis, misunderstood) beween a couple of yount swans, or an aged dotard with a designing bawd. UInder the exiisting law in Scotland marriages ~have been k;nown to have been contracted in brothels, and that by men of external good conduct and most respectable relations, whose lives have been embittered by sueh unholy union. I have before me at this moment a note of such a case. I do not give the names,.because relations maybe still alive; but I am prepared to give the most ample verification of my statement. The case-hich is of modern date-is not in the books, because it never wrent further than the Lord Ordinary (Fullerton). It was that of a gentleman of ancient and aristocratic family, who had filled the highest municipal offices in one of the most considerable cities of the kingdom. At 70 years of age this venerable dotard (but writh mind enoigh to contract matrimony) aas seduced by a woman, who eitEefvas at the time or very soon after became a common prostitute, and declared her his wife, When it cameto be matter of question, no one could doubt that the marriage was valid. A divorce was then thought of, as the woman continued her prostitution. In regard to proceedings in divorce the law of Scotland must be deemed much superior to that of England, as it gives to the courts a power of divoreing not only a znen7sd et toro, but a 2inculo siati,7wonii-a power which the English will only concede to the omnipotence of Parliament, or, in other words, denies to the poor altogether, and makles it a great grievance to the rich. A suit of divorce was brought in the name, but really at the in-stance of the distressed relatives, of the oldgentleman, upon grounds which seemed unanswerable, but for the plea of the woman, Icnocinium, She pleaded her open adulteries, which mnust have been known to her husband, and that plea was on the poit of being successful, when all difficulty was terminated by the great solvent of most difficulties-a good lump of money. I ask again, is that a state of law wh-ch ought to be tolerated in a civilized community ? Let me advert to o7n or two other cases. It would be mere pedantry to give even a moiety of those that might ie adduced. I refertothatof "DalrympleandDairymple," because it is that whichis bestknownto the people of 3niauld. There, a young Englishman, heir to an earldom, to which be succeeded, being o the mature ageof 19, goes down to Scotland with his regiment-in a month or two falls desperately in love with a Scotch lady-promises marriage; marital in, tercouse ensues (which is equivalent to a declaration de prmsenti). As usual in such cases, there was no proclamation of bans, no appearance of a clergyman The pamon soon -fie.sff -ol; e young man, known enly asa* tngle man, and - probably believing that he was such, publicly marzies into one of the first familie inE ad-tesstrc' uhs. What is the result.? Sir ,t ott found himself constrained to set -up the first mge, to -plai :he ewni hapless wife in a degraded position, her unoffending isise in a state of illegitimacy, and noble fffiiles-n the I ee nisery. Sir William Scott felt all this m,,ta,,e J; s only course was tho enrf?o.ee the law. Shouldtbis 3tat&of It not uufrequently hap-e+us, -particularlyn, thelfoiecrks of ife, that partIesw b-o rctnmonr-b - '-ple. declaration speedily repent themselves of their ,foi ! vould fain undo what they had so- eaiy done. T yi the bant case ;3f " Craigangllare" something of this kind 5.5 brought. out. The proprietor of alarge lauded enauaid:est,t ish . ing to disinherit the right heir and to legitimat# hie natural children by a womun. who was living in -th house with him, called up a couple of servants, andt in their presence declared tha' the woman -was hiswife. If he was sane, there could be no question tba& this declaration constituted matrimony. o be sure, the poor gentleman had been insane some short time before but it did not folow, and so the judges held, thathe-was not sane at the moment of the declaration. But what ensuead In the course of the afternoon the unhappy man went to. -bed and blew his brains out. This looked likeimsanityor repentance. He was in great affluence, and held in high respect by the first men of his county, who ll Ucine forward to testify to his sanity at the time of the declaration. TalkiDg of that case in the subsequent and very distressing case of " Solly and 3Gregor," the LSord President Hope, one of the most-eminent men thathasndornedtbe benchof Scotlaid, says, "No doubt it is true that both parties seem Afterward to have repented of the marriage ; but repentance, howev soon it follows, will not do. Inone case there -were the nost tremendous symptoms of repentance-in the case or "McAdam" (of Craigangilau). In that case there wa only an acknowledgment before servants-much less solemn than in the presenoe of a clergyman; but it war, found that the most instantaneous repentance could not endE the marriage." The case of " Soly" was this :-A man courts a young wiIoman, the daughter of an eccentric old geutleman;persuades her to go through the ce remonyof marriage; a nd there is an. end of it. No consummation ensues. The wvoman is after. wards lamfully and publicly married, with the entire know. ledge and apparent Approbation of the firs wooer to another. By this marriage she has a considerable family. Meanawhie she succeeds to the nro erty of her father. Then, and then only the husband onmes forward and claims her as his wedded wife, but necessarily declaring that she was an adulteressand the children of the public marriage were bastards. The Courtof Session,with muchreluctrz-ceand the deepstregret, could not get over the declaration de T a:Cllti, and by a majority of three to one found the first, though secret and clandestine marriage, was good, and, of consequence, that the second marriage, with all its results to an unoffendmg husband and guiltless offspring, could not be maintained This decision was reversed in the House of Lords, under the. gaidance of Lord Eldon and Lord Lauderdale, who tookx different view of the evidence, and held that the pleadings were fatally bad. This is another instance of the evils towhich a concealed marna,ge may lead. Another evil resulting from the existence of this is, that. the cases which it embraces generally exhibit a greateramount of perjury than those which occur in any otherdepartment.. "Farrel and Bavin" was a case of an alleged. marriage by a Peninsular veteran-the proprietor of a good. estate-in a notorious brothel, to the mistress of the same. The mass of perjured evidence, the taking of which occupied. in all many months, is scarcely credible, and remains P. striking memento of the excessive pollution engenderel bysuch cases. It is another and perhaps unavoidable evil ofE the law, that the suits may be brought after the principaL parties are dead-when evidence has vanished-an eviL which would be entirely prevented if marriage be. fore a clergyman or registrar were inmispensable. It is: the knowledge of the law as to the constitution of matrimony in England which has prevented in most instances the social e-dls here that have occurred in Scotland. When the law is disregarded, the most tremendous consequencesmay, andhave, ensued. "The Berkeley"casemayber referred to without indelicacy, because itis matter of publie record. It is the opinion of the most eminent constitutional. lawyers, that under the Act of Settlement and the RoyaL Marriage Act the marriage of the Prince of Wales w;ith rs itaherbert, an avowved Roman Catholic, constituted a forfeiture of his right tothe throne, and, in terms of the law, absolved the subjects fromtheirallegance. The evidencei of the marriage was only suspected to exist in 1820. Had. the facts which have recently been disclosed-had the documents now known to be doited in Coutte' banl been them known and accessible, in the state of the popular mind at;. that time the country must have been on the very verge of a disputed succession. True, the Fitzherbert marriage wasvoid. But the law of all Europe supplies instances where: an act done may be void; but the wrongdoer shall, nevertheless, forfeit his own title. The entail law of Scotland funishes a familiar example. The contravenerof an entail may perpetrate an act vnich is notworth the paper it Is written on, -which, being, void in law, cannot damnify the inheritance, and yet theperpetrator shall forfeit his own right. The case is thesame mWestminster-hall, -where a tenant for life attempts, though ineffectually, to enlarge his estate. It is needless toprosecute this matter. Happily, the perils of a disputed. succession have oulybeenrisked, and not declared, while the, Throne is nowv founded on a rock more enduring than anyfoundation on which it has beenlaid since theRevolution orthe Act of Settlement. My proposition, then, is, that while the law in Scotlandi as to regular marriages requires no amendment, the law astoirregular marriages requires, if not total subversion, at least vast improvement, and Ihumbly submit that this latterobjectwould be effectually attained by tho enactment oflord Cam pbell's bilL. Ihopetheimportance of the subject to which I haveadverted may prove some excuse for the space which I have occupied, and 1 am, Sir. your haumble servant. ALEXANDER IPN'T.T.. lff, a nclester-buildings, Westminster, May 16.
SUNDAY fUSIC IN THE PARK. TO THE EDITOR OF THE, TIMES. Si-,-An impression seems to have got abroad that tho, di-continuance of the music in the Park on Sundays is. owingto the remonstrance of the Archbishop of Canterbury. Now, whether that be the fact or not Ihave nomeans of knowing, but it is at variance with the belieE entertained by some of the Scotch members of the House oE Commons, who have been boasting, in circles where theyimagine their conduct -would be considered creditable to. them, that it is they who have coerced Lord ralmerstort. into a compliancs with the demand of the minority. According to their statement, a representation was madeo to Lord ralmerston, that unless the music in the Parks on; Sunday were discontinued the Scotch members vould pursue, the course which had proved successful when the Irish bra3ss band leagued together aggainst the 3finistry, and would, regardless of their own opinions, vote against the Government; on every question brought forward or supported by it untit they had driven the ulinistry out. They allege as their reason that the feeling in Scotland is so strong against what. is there considered a profanation of the Sabbath, that theirseats are not safe unless they take this course and moulh their consciences to the scruples of their constituents. If this be true-and I have very good reason for believimtg that it is-I cannot but think that it is only necessary itshould be known, for support in the House to be found sufflcient to counteract that which would be withdrawn by the conscientious members for Scotland. I am sure everyonewill agree, whatever his opinion may be on the subject oE the Sunday music, that a victory so obtained is extremelydiscreditable, and is calculated to do a great amount oE mischief. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. 1? Temple, May 16.
YBADB REPORT. Friday Evcning. SuGAIP-The market closes vith much firmness to-day; and prices during the week have advanced Gd. per cwt. on. all descriptions above 40s. The public auctions were as follows :6,423 bags IMauritins sold-low to fine brown, 36s. to 41s., low to good bright yellow, 42s. to 45s. ; good bright. small crystal, 45s. to 45s. Gd.; and good bright bold crystal, 46s. to 46s. d. 2,39S bags native Madras found buyers4 low ltumpy brown, 35s. ; low brown, 35s. 6d. to 36s. 6d. ; good brown, 37s.; low to very good bright yellow, 38s. to43s. 6d. L086 bazs Benares and date were withdrawn. 623 hhds. West Inia have been disposed of, making 2,263& for the week. Privately 3,500 bags clayed ManilLa aae reported at 42s., and 1,000 baskets Java at 41s. to 44s. COrFEE.-The sales to-day were again large, comnrising 532 casks 740 barrels and bags plantation, and 200bags native Ceylon; the former went off at yesterday's prices, and the latter at 51s. for g-od ordinary. 250 bags of Costa. Rica realized 60s. per cwt. RICE.-1,250 bags and 1,800 pockets of Bengal were partlydisposed of at 7s. Gd. for Moonghy, and 500 bags low barley Madras at 8s. to SS 6d. Prices for the week are lower, especially Moonghy, which, at 7s. Gd. per cwt., establishes. a decline of 6d. per cwt. SALTPETr.-6SO bags of Bengal were taken in at 32s. 6d for 11 and 12'. per cent. Market ilat. I,NDIGO (F;urth Day's Sale).-The sales have progressed since Tuesaay, and 3,872 chests have been passed to this. time, of which 2,055 chests have been sold. 4F6 chestgwithdrawn, and 1,411 chests bought in. Out of the 1,051 cheste. passed today 511 have been sold, 325 withdrawn, and 215chests bought in. There is little alteration to report in the course of the sale since the comnmencement; a great want; of animation continues to be felt, and holders afford little support beyond buying in, only 406 chests having beer vd-t drawn to this time, while 1,411 chests have been bontgt; in. Prices rule for fine qualities of Ben'gal from 4d. to d, and for middling ditto and consumers 2dL to 3d. per ponnct below February, the clean shapely middling shipping rca-lizingthe mostmoney. Good arn line XupahMIadIas hassoldr at 4d. to Gd., and ordinary to middling 3d. to 4d. decline. Dry leaf Madras has gone irregularly, good qualities, both native and Velore, 3d. to Gd, and inferior about 3d. Per pound lower. The B cataloge, containing the indigo im second hands, will be proceeded with onMondaynext. DBIED FBuis-At public sale to4dy currants of all ualities were bougnt *reely at a further advance in price. FIne1851Buttsboughtinat 10s.; 15s. re The business done this week his been on an extensive scale, cbiefly in Cephalonias, 1855, from 85s. up to lQQs. Of raisins 50 tonsof back shipping offto-day to Paris. All other descriptionS. are also becoming cArce, TALow.-The market is quiet at 45s. 9d. to 46a. on thel spot, but for the end of the year 45s. is accepted, cloemi tather buyers thereat. CodHAL.Of1~bags in auction today the greatW portion were bol in at previous rates. Low ordinary ta good Teneri nre si1vex3s , ; UNks '
SA ac LOXDOI GAZE.TTI of FrWay, May 16. CROWN-OFFICE MAY li M6F ER returned to serve in the present PARLIA- MENT. County of Longford. Jenry George Hughes, of Cornadrung, in the county of ]ongford, Esq.. Queen7s Counsel, in 'the room of Richard kfaxwel Fos, Esq., deceased. BOARD OF TRADE, WHITEHALL, MAY 15. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Consul at Naples, enclosing copies of Neapolitan lLoyal decrees, extending the period of tne permission to export wheat, Indian corn, barley, oats, b ans, and lupins from the Xeapolitan donninions until the 15th of June next, the e.-port duties being reduced one-half, and proloneing the period allowed for the expo* of maccarJni of ah' kind1s and biscuits until the 3lat of July next, 4`ie export duties npon these being likewise reduced to onehalf of their present amount. POSTAGES TO NATA.L. By a Treasury warrant, de+ed May 12th inst., it is ordered that all packets of books, publications, or works of literature, and all packets of printed votes, &c., of the Imperial 'Parliament or of colonial Legislatures, niay be transinited by post between any jart of the united kingdom and any part of the colony of Natal at the rate of postage of 6d. if not exceeding half-a-pound in weight, aud if oxceedini hialf-a-pound in weight such additional rates of postage as are directed to be paid under the provisions of the Treasury ,warrant of February 22, 1S55. WAR DEPARTENT, PALL-MALL, MAY 16. cth Regliment of Dragoon Guards.-J6on WiliaU- Doering. gent., *to b e Cornez, by purchase, vice Bruce. promoted. 7th Dragoon Guards -Christopher Bartonu, ent., to be Comet, witir ,out purchase, vice Nicholl, promoted. 3at Dragoos-Coroet Godfrey Thomas MSallif&x has been permitted 'I retire fn i the service by the sale of his commii-on. 33th light Dr.goon;.-Robert DunmoreNapier -ent. to be Comet. by purchase. vice Cockburn. promoted- Thoma;s R.:rshaiU CockeriU, Miq.. to be Paymiaster, vice Heei, appointed Paymaster of a Cavalry Depot. 12th Light Dragoons-Cornet John Charles Le Quesne, from the 14th Lidgi Dragoons, to be Cornot. without purchase, vice Goff, apT,ointed to the 3d light Dragoons. 12th Light Dragoon,-Edmund Buckley, gent., to bh Comet, by pur-chase, vice Walker, promoted. Royala P.egiment of Artillery.--Lieut. James reattie Morgan, with temporary rank. to be Lient., with permanent rank; Staff-Sergeaut &hooimaster Charles Wharry to have the rauk and Lay of a (luartersaua-ter of Poyal ArtiUery,. on being appointed Superintendent of the tRegimeutal Schools at Woolwich. Royal Engineers.-Sccond Capt. Francis Fovke to be Capt.. vice srevc: Lieut.-Col. Burmester. deceased; Lieut. Robert BLann Parsons tobe Second Capt.. vice Fowke. CUoldtream Gnar.ls.-Hon. Yilliam Henry Bruce Ogilvv to be Ensign aud ieut.. by purchase, vice Rose, promoted; Hugh Granvi-le For*tcscae. gent., to be Ensign and Lient., without purchase, vice Whitahe 1, promoted. 5th Regiment of Foot. The undermentioned officers have been permitted to resign their -conmmissions:- - lieut. Andrew Fitz James C. RoDo. 3eut. WlMiam Henry Itainsford. 12th Foot.-Ensign Frvneis Augustus FitzGerald to be Leut., by purchae vice Aesins, who retires3 William Edward Whelan, gent., -o be Ensign, by purchasc vice FitzGerald. 2dFoot-Charles Watkins, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice -Carter, vio retires. 11th Fool.-Brevet-31ijor Frederick English to be IMajor, without purchase. vice Tedhie, who retires upon full pay; 1ieut. Samuel F, Illth to be Captain, without purchase, vice English;I Ensign Richard T.men to bh Lient.. without purchase, vice B41th:. Licut. i'obert Eill Ross. from the Sth Middlesex Militia, to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Trimen. 42d Foot.-3;ent. Rothes Lennox Daubar to be Captain, by purcase., vice J. G. Camnipbell, xrho retires. 5!d Foot.-Enisgn Stephen M1urphy to be Lieut., by purchase, vice Craswe, promoted; Thomas Simpson, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Mtiurphy. 54th Foot.-Eu i-s Sir C. W. Burdett, Bart., from the 55th Foot. to be Ensign, vice Whyte. who exchanges. 5-5th Foot-Ensign George Lewis Whyte, from the 61th Foot, to be Ensign. vice Sir C. NV. Burdeltt Bait., who exchanges. 56th Foot-Major Rt. AV. Lacy to be icut.-Col.. by purchase, vice *Sox. who retires; Brevet-Major John Jamues Bul to be Major, by I urchase, vice Lacy. 0oth Foot. To be ENSIGaNS, whithout purchase. Lient. Stanleyblortimer, from the 5th Middlesex Mrilitia. L;e,:t. VlVliam Jo0u Eereml Poole, from the 2d1 Somerset M%ilitia. En:sgn. lfredl Spencer Henth^ote, from the 1st Surrey Militia. E3d Foot.-Ma;j,r John KeLsall to be Lieut.-Col., wvithiout purcha3, vice Brevet-Col. YV H. EL w. wihr retires, upon full pay; Capt. Ch3ares Vi!soun Atuten to be blajor, without purchase, vice Iels.-tl Lieut. Samuel Rese to be Capt.. without purchase, vice Austen- Ensign Peter Clfford Browne to be Lieut., without purchase, vice Rend. ith Foot.-Ensign WiLUiam Henry HE,rsard has been permitted to resign h:-- commni'sion. Ride Brigade.-Iient. WVatson Stott has been permitted to resign Isi commission. Go:d Coast Corps.-Edmond 4lorphy Elgee, gent., to be Enign, withiout pu-rchase, vice Laz-nby, promoted. LAND TRANSPORT CORPS. To he SECOND (Aw'rAT-R TO Ve IAEUTENANTs. Cormet George HP;I I Comet James Pettigrew. CAVALRY DEPOT. Paymaster Joseph Hely, irom the 11th Light Dragoons, to be Pay-naster. U2KATTACHED. ueut. P.Odney P.aye O'Shea. from the 75th Foot, to be Capt., with-out purchaze. The commissions of the following officers appointed to the British Germnan, British Swiss, and British Italian Legions to bear the dates opposite their respective names, 5'iZ.:- BRITISH GERMAN LEGION. ftli Light Infantey.-Major James Bathurst to be Lieut.-CoL Com- n-d-at Ar-,,,h lo I7t BRITISEH ITALAN LEGION. Enrata il former Gazetta. Ist Regiment. For CCapt. Liugi Fabuzzi," reaa " Capt. Lui"i FabriziL" For Capt. Givolano Filaretti." read ' Capt. Girolamo Filarettl}" For Capt. Carlo Felice de Gorg41" read "Capt. Carlo Feice do C:ior. For " ieut. Givahimo hlundula," read "e Iiut. Gioracbino hlan. For Ensign Carlo Decristoforim," read "E n sign Carlo De Christo. loris." For "Quartermnater John COrren," read "Quarternaster John For "Surgeon Porrhus Santini," read " Surgeon Pyrrhus Santini." For Disvpenser Guiseppe Calandla," read " Dispenser Giuseppe Calandr.0 For " Lient. Frnceoca Lingu~va" read "mLieut. Yaneeoco Lan- gaddara. ~ ~ ~ Enia iam For "lLeout. MiuisflBavaszza,"m d lie^nS. idelo CaThD2i." For "Efl5gn IbX3ziO Firga," read " }in Giacoiao Tar 2D P.ZEGh-T. For ".Major' Cbavalier Pvaslo Candiani d'Oliavala, read "Msior sron io Candiani d3'volUa rd For " Cap. Lmanuell Dolt&.' read " Cap. Eannaele Dotta." For "1Capit. Assendro Bruinett d'Uaaux,read CaxPt. Almsandrn BCen3etta E1'112seaux." For "Capt. Guiseppe Busechetti," read "Capt. Giuseppe Bus. chettL" For "Capt. Cniseppe Bezzati," read "Capt. Giuaeppe, BezzmtL1 For" Capt. Gaetano FautiV, read " Capt Gaetanso Fauti." For 'Capt, Giovan aatista Marco," read. "Capt. Gioyaa Batti3ta; For "Lieut. Guiseppe Patemo," read "Lieut. Giuseppe Paterno.' For "Lieut. Baron hilcoli Sa5ire," read "Lmeut. Baton Nicolo Saurs " For 'Lient. Guiseppe Teccio de Bajo," read "Lleut Giuseppe Teelo di Bajn.' For " Iieut. Norceto Romolo CeadV," read "Lieut. Romolo Ceva di hoceto." I or " Lient. Guiseppe Fillipo att, read " Lieut. Giuseppe Filirro Matto ." Eor '-Ensign Carlo Granfelice," read " Ensign C^rlo Glanfdlle." For " En1S;,n IL Livro."read " Ensig Lnifi iore." For " Eusign Cerare SiamarUlno Do Obiesa," .read " Ensign Cesaro Sannartinodo Cliesa."-- 3D RzGnuIN-T. For "Major Guiseppe do lvoreoti," read "I ajor Ginseppe de For " Capt. Galeazzo Conte Visconti," read "Capt. Coute Galeazzo VibConti " For "1 Capt. Laudi Conte Trancesco Lanardi," read " Capt. Conte Francesco Zanardi LandL' For - Lieut. Fautoni Eugenio." read " Lient. Carlo Eugenio Fantoot" For -- Lient. Juliuan ileon do Fulton," read " Ieut. Giuliano MEIon do Peillou." For -Ensign Luigio Adolfo Wolff," read "Eu2ign Luigi Adolfo Wolff., For" Ensign Charles Crowther," read "Ensign CarloaPhilip Wyatt Crowther." BREYET. Capt. Charles Vincent Bowie. Bengal Artillery, to be Major in the Army. The undermentioned officers who have retired upon full pay to have a step of honorary rank as follows:- Brevet-Colonel William HenryLaw, retired full pay, 83d Foot. to be Mlaior-Gonexsl. Mlajor Jamns Tedlie. retired ftillpay3SthFoot, to beteut.-CoL Quartermaster EAlward Patou, half-pay 42d Foot, to have tUe honorary rank of Capt. W)ITEHALT, AtY 16. KENT. Her 3Malesty the Queen has been pleased to give permisSion for the East Kent R.egimeent of hMounted Rifles to be called " The Royal East Kient Mounted Rifles." CO0MSSIONS Signed by the LonD-LIUrsTY-A of the County Palatine of LA£tcanrxn. Robert Barnes. Esq., to be Deputy-Lieut. 6th Rlegiment of Royal Lancashire Militia.-Lieut. Richard W'helan to be C-apt.. -ice Dnnd(a,L deceased; Ensign Wiliam Edward Whelan to be Licnt., v-ice Whelan, promoteL. By the DEruTY-L15UTXN.UsTs appointed to execute the office of LonD- LxxuTFmuaA,- of KnwrT. Kent Miiitia Regiment of Artillery.-First Lieut. Walter Thomas Waring to be Capt.. vice Webb, resigned. Second Lieut. John Stannard to be First Lieut., vice EDison, appointed to Her Majesty's 41st Regiment of Foot. lWest Kent Regiment of Yeomanry Cavalry.-Comet Wiliam Webb Hayward to be Lienut, vice the Hon. Edward Vesey Bligh, resigned. WiUiarn Smith Nicholsou, gent., to be Comet. *ice Hlayard, promsoted. The following Commissions signed by the LoRD -Ln uTL-AarT of the Cot'nty of ST.AFORD, notifications of whichappeared in the " Gazette" of Tuesday, March the 11th, have been cancelled, viz.:- Ist Regiment of King's Own Staffordshire Militka.-Ensign Arthur Fitzgerald to be Licut.. vice Allan, resigned; Ensign Frederick Severne to be Lieut., v.ice Hickman. appointed to the 60th Foot. And instead thereof. the following Commission has been signed by the Lord-Lieutenant of the County of Stafford - lst Regimentof King's Own Stafford-hire Militin.-Ensign Arthur FitzGerald to be Lient., vice Hickman, appointed to the t0th Foot. This" Gazette" contins a notice that the folowaing place has been duly registered for the solemnuization of nmarriages therein iNonconformiat New Chapel, Walthanistow, Essex. PARTNERSHIIPS DISSOLVED. M. Smith and Co., Ainwick, spirit inerchants.-SkeBy and Smith, Almwick. brewerm-J. and E. Goodwin. Liyerpool. grocers.-Wcbter audGreenwood, Bradford, Halifax. and elsewhere, cement dealers.- Cottam and Hauinell, Much Hadhanm, Hertford, buildes.-J. Redfera and H. Rice, led Hill, Ratcliffe-upon-Soar, brickmakers.-Blagbrough and Mortimer. llradford.York3slre, woolstaplems.-L. A. Homnfra- and W'V. C. Wvebb, Neveport. Monmouthsbire. coal-merchants.-Beid and Cox. Reading. barge-ownerm-F. 3. and E. W. Score, North-eastpassage. St.George's-in-the-East. smiths.-J. Sangsterand R. Fletcher, Patemoster-row, books--llers -P. and G. Towner, St. Thomas-in-zheChilTe. near Lewes, and Newhaven. Sussex. drapers.-T. Storey and Co., MlaacLu,ter. brassfomuiders.-J. Brooke and Co., Mlorley and Leeds, general coseinission agent.-J. Barlov. .and Co., MEanchester, commis. mien agenta.-J. Dell and Co., Adam-street east, Fortman-square blackingx manufactnwrees.-&ott and Son, Mfoore-place, Lambeth. ba!;erdL-. Corah and Sons, Leicester and Birmingham. hosiers.- Gibson ant Bnust, lVo'lwBich, dr.apers.-H. and WY. Rewum. lYalker, anld Co.. Rot=herbam, Yorkshire. engineers,-Simeight and Simpson, Wak.efield, jinmers. DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDEiNDS. T. P. Wills, Portsea, trader-third and final div. of Ild., on Wednesday next. at Mr. Lee's, Al le-manbury. Lt. T. Fitbhett, Hanover-street, talfor-first div. of 3s. 11d., on Wednesday next, at Mr. Lee's, Alderusanbhuy. NY. liart, Old-street. licened vietualler-first div. of 2s. 24l, on WedLesday next. at hMr. Lee's, Aldermanbtry. 3. Balkwill. Exeter. bootmaker-second div. of Sd., any Tuesday or Friday. at Mr. ilirtzel's, Exeter. J. Ffooks. Stherborm. brewer-further div. of 7Td, any Tuesday or Friday. at hMr. Eirtzel's F.xcter. IV. C. Bodley, Exeter. irozfounder-second div. of 6s. 7d., any Tues. day or Friday, at M'r. Hirtzeli's, Exeter. J. H. Gedber. F. Godber, and J. W. Howes. Eastweod, Nottinghan, drapers-second div. of 'd.. on Monday next and two foliowing Mondays, at Mr. Harri?s, Nottingbam. W. Mloss. Ripley. grocer-first div. of 4s. Gd., on Mlonday next and two following Mlondays, at 3r. Harris's. Nottinghab . H. Thomlsoun. Ilkeston, tailor-first div. of 3s. 6d., on Monday next and two following .Mendays, at MIr. Harris's, Nottingham. G. Poyser, Derby, boot manufacturer-first div. of 2s. on Tonday next and twvo folloseing Mondays. at hMr. Harris's, Nottinhbam.y J. ltichardson, Cockermouth, brewer-first div. of Is. ad., any Saturday, at Mlr. Baker's, Newcastle-upon-Tyne. T. Walton, haverto4-hill, Durham, glasm manufacturer-first and final dir. of lOdL, any Saturday, at 3Mr. Baker's, Newcastle-uponTyne. BA.NIKRUPTCY ANTNULLED. Mfary Carolina Bloxsome, Cheltenham, wine merchant. BANK1 RUPTS. F.pifanio Thalasso, Bury-court, St. ary.axe, merc'hant, to surrender Mlay 27, at 2 'clock, and June 24, at 1. at the Bankrupts' Court; sotcl:ts, Mlessrs. Lasv.rauce, 'lews.s and Bayer. Old Jevry-chambers; offlmal assi'nee. Mlr. Edvwards, Sambrook-coort. Basingb3a1-street. Wiliam %smC.s Stemofhager, Gracechurci-street, 2tavem keeper. Mauy 4, at I o'clock, and June 27. at hfalftpIst 11, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. Stopher, Cheapside;oftvcia; ssiOnee 31r. Canena, Aldernuanbury. Thomas Baille, late of Old Jewiry-cbambecs, cvil engineer, Mfay 2i June 27, ci half-past I o'clock, at the B,ank-upte' Court: solleitor 3fr. Mlarshall, Sion College-gardens, London-wall *ofilcial assignee, Ir. Wbsitmore, Basinghall-street. M1atthew Wise, St. Martin's-court. Ludgate-hill, fishmonger, Mfay 30, at half-past 12 o'clock. and June 27, at half-past 1, at the Bankrupts' 0Curt;: solicitor. hir. 'Broughton, Felcon-square; official assignee, Mr. Whitmore. Basinghall-street. John Lamb, Liverissl, dr-3altcr. Many 23. June 23, lat 11 'clock,r at the Liverpool Distri&t Court of Bankruptcy; soLcitors. Diessri. Andem0n and Collins, Liverpool; offlcial assignee, Mr. Moegan, Liver- George Smith, John MoLachlan, and Willim Blackburne, 1iverpool. tailera, Mfay 29, Junoe19. at 11 o'clock. at the Liver,oool District Court of B3nkrum,.tcy solicitor, 3rr. Bauner, hivcrpool; official asignee, Mr. DIVIDENDS. June 9, J. W, H. Schafer aud V. HL Brown, Fenchurch-street, merchants; also on the separate estate of W. H. behafer.-June 9, F, Futvoyc, Regent-street and Beak-street, Westminster. jeweller.-- June 9, C. HalL Orchard-street, Portman-square, bulder.-June 9, P. Leicester. Birchin-Lmne, Cornhll, iron merchant.-June 9. 0. Munkett. Dies. Norfolk. chymbnst,-June 6. T. Selby find S. Norton, Town Mlalling, Kent, scriveners.-June 7, 5. M. LHawkes, Britten-street, Chelsea, brewer.-Juue 12, A. HaU,13anchester, garden net manufacturer.-June IS, J. Robisont, Birmingham, bootmaker.-June 6, J. H. Nuttall, Liverpool. merchant.-June 9, NY. Sherratt, Crewe, innkeeper. CERTIFICATES to be granted unlens cause be shown tothe oontr3ry on the day of meeting. June 6, P. S. Dounelly, Twickenham. huilder.-Juns II, S. Sheen, Norw.ood, victunller,- June 7. T. J. Coomab3, Portsea, baker.Jnme 7. VW. Ashton, Sloane-strert, C.hehlse, chymist.-nme 20, J. Prout, Sutton, near Mlacclesfield, slik manufacturer.-June 19, J. Snutfi, Rochdale, groc,r.-Juno S, 5. Moo0re, Liverpool, shiphroker. ~~A__ . __ . _9 The Average PlricsofBrown orMuscoTado Sugar, computed from the ret.nus made! in the week ending the 13th of May, exclusive of Customs' duties paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain From the British posessionsn America 28 Oir per cvt. From the lrauritius 29 Se *m the East Indies . ..re 29 8 ani?exlusiyo of duty .. . .. .. 28 52 By authoritJr of Parliament, Thucsar BR2YBICLr C rk of the Grocers' Company.
DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZE .Iro27EY. - Department of the Accouintant-General of the Navy, Admiraltv Somenet-hnnm, Mf' l-i - (Frnin FAI-sv' a-D}-D I' -N~otice is hereby given to the dfficers, seaifnen, and Mlarines, and to ail persons interested therein, that the distribution of proceeds arising from the Norwegian schooner JohnnaMara, aptredon he 5thof May, 1854, by Her Majety' shp Ache, wll ommnceon Exziday, the 30th of ay,in he riz Brnchof he epartment of the Ac. counantGenralof he avy Adisnty,Somnerset-house. Thefoiwui ar th shresdueto n idividual in the The distributioikof pro-ceeds arsg from the Netherland galliot Jeannie Mai,cptrdo tghe 30th of May, 1854 by Her Mfajesty's ship Archer, will comrnence on Friday, the 30th of May, mn the Prize Branch of the Departnment of the Accountant-General of the Navy, Admirialty, Somerset-house. The following are the shares due to an individnal in thn- ---I.o ---,,, - 'the distribution of proceeds axising from the Norwegian ship Nornen, csptured on the 1st of June, 1854, hy Ier Ma. jcstys ships Archer, Amphion, and Conflict will commence on iFriday, the 30th of Mfay, in the PrizeBranch of the Department of the Accountant-General of the Navy, Admi- The following are the shares due to The distribution of proceeds arising from the Danish sloop Fortuna, captured on the 3d of JunO, 1854, by Her Majesty'sship Archer, will conence on Friday, the 30th of Mlay, in the Prize Branch of theDepartment of the Accountant-General of the- Navy, Admiralty, Somersethouse. The followng are the shares due to an individual IAdvertisement.i-The new, interestng ana succesfutL seria. John Cwll's Educational ODual og. land2ofwhichrar now read, price IYd each, to be oontinued weekly is aworic that adl c1ames should powsse. The course conunences with " Scence ropularly Explained or 4,COO Questions on scieaiae subjects foiyand clealy anwwered. "John Casell'a Educational Course" will form one of the cheapst, mat istnzcive,and ppu w rar Lamised.- Each De.. her contains ,2 page octavo, with diagras.For 2g. the subesrjbr will obtain a voluno replete with entertainment and instruetion'on the laws and properties ol matter, mechanicw, fluiacoustie, hi meteCO - eoley, lighlt, electricty, gavnim ma btim bcUr-mlex' Coauf tdordo, gelog. mineralgy P4 ande-t agrcroall an rung co
:THE sTANDARD LIFE ASSURANCE COMAZNY. rkdrarffiementAt Proceedings at a General Meeting of ths Standard Lifel ASuSiraL Company, conyened in terms of the Acts ofFParliamenLt by whbich-thp Comny is oconstituted, and beld withi the Company's office. Ednburgb, on theist of ' 1856, for thepurpose of receiving the Report by the Directors npon the inreagtion 0* the Company's affairs as at the 15th of Noyember, 1855, and aviaion'of profite. On the motion of F. LBRoy, EAq., of Nenthorn, Georg Moir,EIaq-, Sherff of Ro3a and Cromarty. was calUed to tho Chair. The Chairman stated that themeetithad been dulyconienbd, and was properly constituted, in acoordance with the Acts of Parliament granted for the regulation of the Company's aftaira. The Manager read the variou' statements and xreoras prepared by the Directors for the consideration of the meeting, The following are extrcts from the reports:- PROGRESS OF THE BUSINESS FROM 1850 TO 155. The success of the Comnpany durinr the period referred toinakes~the duty to he performed a very agreeable onie, Piud the Directora have no doubt that those whom they addres-Willthare equal satisfaction with themtseves in the results of the management. That the circumstances and eventa of the period of time which:the report embraces have not been ofthat character which tend to foster proyident habits you are all aware-theincrease in the taxation of tho country and in the ordinary expenses of iinng baring, no doubt, frustrated many good intentions, and occasioned many to Postpone m3ing that provisioa for their familie vwhich in other chcmstances they would.haye done. But with all these adverse circunmstanes, and with no larger field of operations thanduringthe previous period of five years, the Directos rsegatified in having it in their power to state that the new ansurances have been greater, bythe large number of 1,172 during the period from 1850 to 1855, tha u m 1845 to 1850. The following am concisely the reaulta of the Deriod:- aELsWurWu0CS .., XZ. a 2,O1 JLa V, Zz,sIT.mt o I , 1. lAP The assurances in force were in 1850 . .. . £4,13,8658 5 6 And in 185, after deducting all lapeed and surren- dered policies, they amounted to . 5,558,106 17 4 Increase 4i. . £17,23s 1 10 Therevenue, whichwainl . .. .. £169.151 16 4 Amncunted, at 15th November, 1855, to. . 37,450 1 9 Incree r. . £63,293 5 5 The fund* have been increased during the same period byhalf a milijonsterling, The reports bytho Board of Dhrectors to the Annual General Meetings of the Company have no doubS prepared the proprietors for these results the progressive prosperity of the business having been well marked; hut the Directors think itright thus to recapitulate the Conepony's advancem ent ae pert of the imuportant question the proprietors are this day met to conaider-vi&, wvhat progress has the Comupany miade, and what havebeentha results of the business during the last five years2 The Dctors trust that the Company's advancement, as regards extent of tusinem and general satisfactory progress, during these five Tears, hs been clearly established; but there was one fact aluded to atthelate Annual General MSeeting which probably conveys the im- of gese more thanany other, and the repetition of which tof place,-YiZ., that during the lst year of the Combperha noperation the Directors have transacted a larger extent of other assurance office in GreatBritain. POSITION OF THIE C1OMPANY. STATISTICALLY, AT THE 151=E OF NOVEMBEIt- 1855. Before proceeding to report the results of the investigation, and the means taken to make that ordeal as thorough as possible, the Directors think it right to place before the proprietors some further particulars bearing on the actual position of the Company as at the date of the quinquennial balance, and with that view the following tables have been prepared, showing the ages of tho parties assured at entry, their present ages, and the amounts assured at different ages. Various tables foUov.wed, containing the information referred to.) These particulars may not coDvey much informatlon vhich is likely tobe retalned in the memory, and the Directors have not been in the practice of submitting to their co-proprietors information on the points embraced in these tables, but they are anxmios to make the present report as complete as possible. with the vew of showing tho Company's statistical as wel as its monetary progress, and they propose to have similar tabular results prepared, to be submitted to each annual general meeting. During the earlier years of an assurance company, the.conclusionsdrawn from a small number of lives are not to be depended on; but when the transactions of an office reach the extent of those now on the boo'ks of this Company. and the numbers are sufficient to give correct averages, it becomes, in the opinion of the Directors. an imperative duty to investigate their statistical results periodically; and in future those records wilo form the basis of an annual calculation by the manager, showiug to what extent the resulba keep pace with thoe alculations. And that report will not be a ague statement, which is stereotyped in the reports of many assurance offices, that the claims of the year are below the calculations, hut will show at each age the comnarative results. For some yearsthe Direc. tore have, in the medical department of the Company's statistics, had the velusle aid of Professor Christison. the- Company's physician, in the arrangement and classification of the deaths, and that record has alrady been highly valuble as bearing on tho selection of lives. Each year w ill add to its value as arsunulating additional facts, and the report to be made by the profesor this day, added to his valuable rommumicstion made in 18i1, will show the proprietors theimportance and increasing value of such observations. The records of ages now submitted fl of course greatly tend toincrease the practical usefulness of the returns of deaths, and to euhance the value of the conclusions drawu from the results, while the whole statistical record wiiU be made st:ll more complete by a particular return as to the c1sculated and realized rates of interest which the manaSger has also established. (The abstract statement of the Company's assets and liabitics was here inserted) (The report then proceeded as follows:-) PRINMIPLES OF VALUATION. The Directors have, on former occasions, availed themselves of suels opportunities as the present to explain the sound pri.ciples on which they proceed hi making such a valuation, and those present are probxably aware of the mode adopted; bait, as it cannot be too much uirged on the consideration of all parties intetrested in the institution, the Directors do not hesitate to repeac it. The table of mortality oa which the Company proceed in the valuation of their awaira is that known as the Carlisle Table ; itwas oriiunaUy the result of certain ob. servations made at the town of Carlisle, but it has nums been placed, by confirming testimony to its accuracy, virtually on a far rmore extended aud satisfactory basis : more recent observations have aU tended to prove that it is tobe entirely depended on, and, as it has been adopted by all the best writers and ompinptors as the basis of most extensive tables, it has a donble claim on those ivho have to asaka choice of a foundation for life calculations. it is a more correct exponent of the value of blie tban the Northampton Tables, and has almost entirely superseded them. Of equna, if not more. importince thau the mortality table adopted, is the rate of interest assumed in the calculations: and in that respect, aLo, the Directors bhve endeavoured to pla:ce the institution on the firmestbasia. Three per ceut. is the rate at which they have assumed they wMil be able to accimulate the great mass of their funds, derived 3ndtobe derivedfrom the scheme pa:t!aipating in the nrofits ; sud 3S per cent. has been assumed, in connexion with non-participating assurances. Those who are unacquaiuted with the results of calculatiens at different rates of interest cannot form any adequate idea of the effect of compound acrunmilation, and it may not be oot of place to iUustrate the results of differeint methods of valuationi. talkng the values of policie3 at different rates of interest, in orler to convey a clearer idea of what is meant. (Here foUowed Narious tsble3. showing the comparative restuts of valuation on different tables. and at different rates of interrst.) FUTURE PRT-OFITS. The Directorihave also ou former occasions explained how entirely they carry out their principles of -v1nation. by leaving all perocntages or additions made to the net premiums for profitsand expenses unvalued at the investigation. The annuil amount of these lercentages isnow verylarge, and theymaybe fairlyeexhibitedl ass asre fiid of futture benefit, irrespective of those profits which may arise from interest realized above tie calcilatedrate. selection of lves, urrrenders, rc. The annual sum thue set aside, and on wbich the Company have placed no value, amounts to .. .. .. .. -. £e069 18 3 And if £l per cent. on the (Company's funds be assmned rus the probable profit from interest, say .. . O 0 0 There appear .. £45,589 18 3 as the annual available fumd arising frons existing busiises, wiithout calculating on future increase of irvested capital, and v.sithout taking into accomunt the general profits of the business from other sosirees, The Directors. under aU these circmnstances, are satisied that they have proceeded on the vary soundest basis, and tbat, while they have amas,sed a large surplus or profit. they have in no degree encroached upon the future resource3 from which the requiremests of the Company and its profits are tobs derived. SPECIAL INVESTIGATION OF THE COMTPANYS INVEST- There is one other importUnt point on which the Directors have to report, which is comparatively a now feature in such investigations as the pre-ent. It is a report on the Company's investmenta. Without such an inquiry it i3posaible thatallthe calculationsmight be falsified; for, if the realised fond be not secure, the ttatements b3aed on the assumption of ita security fall to pieces; and the Directors consider this part of the investigation of very great importance. It has been conducted by three professional gentlemen whose names are a suiffcient guara3ntee that it has been thoroughly and efficiently done, and it is only necessary to record their report to ab'sare the prapsieters of the complete manner in which they have accomplished their tasl5- "e Rpert by James Robertson, W.S.. Thoma3 Grabam Murray, W.S., and Alexander James Russell, C.S., a committee apPointed by the Directors of the Standard Life Assurance Company to examine and report on the securities of that Company, as at the 15th of NSovember, 18S5. "In compliance with the remit by the Board of Directors, the Manager of the Company laid before the committee the following documentl:- 1. Thewhole bonds, mortgages, bills and other writings constitu. ting the securities held by the Company, as well as the title. deedsof thepremies3 andotherproperty belonging to them. `2. The investmient record. containing an abstract of the grounds of these securities. 3. The Company's ledfter and balauce-cheet, as at 15th Nov., 1855. Your committee took, a4 thl basis of their investigation, the balance-sheet of the Company at 15th November 185, which vas certified by the auditor and a commitee of Directors at 15th February Iast, in terms of the Company's acts of Parliament, and proceeded. with the assistance of the manager, to examine the securities for the funds tlherein stated, so far as these caine within their province under the remit. "Your committee have now the pleasnreof reporting that the funds of the Company are invested in loans upon the security of land, in the form of ordinary bends and di3positiouin3 mecuity, mortgages in the English form, and redeemtable ammmfties heitabb secured, lauded propoeYto, covermment secrties, loans uponpohtcies wihe the Company wonithin their value, end other eligible securtes. "'dThe whole of theeCinvestment are of thevery bet andrsafesto d cripotan, and youreommittee have nohesitation in hlatin g their beief thattherei es artoneif them hichronldnot be accepted as arecurityif it was nol to be proposed to the boardfor the first time. " Your committee have also to report that they compared the sms contained in the bonds, mortgages, bills, and other documents and arouins0or debt of the Company, radfounm these to corresondm ith those stated in the lodger and balance-sheet, The whole of the deeds and other papers are in the moat perfect order, said are carefully and correctly Clased and kept. "Your committee ha-re further to report,that. while the funds of the ComPanY, which have attained so large an amount, are secured in so satisfactory amanner, the yearly returnfrom them in from l to 1i per cent. above the rate on which the calculations of the company are based. Cirumastances may posibly diminish, to a small extent, the interest onsome of the investmen_s, but yoar committee do not anticipate any material reduction on the average return from the whole funds oftheCompany. (Signed) "-JAMES ROBERTSON. I T. G. MRRAY. Edinburgh, 10th April, 1856. " ALEi. JAS. RUSSELTL" The Directors hope they haTe now 3ucceeded in explaining the prin-, ciple3 on which they have proceeded in conducting the investigation, and that the result brought out may be considered satisfactory. (The declaratton.of the nones followed, and the additions,made to tho Company's poUices are exhibited in the followine table -- TABLE OP BONUS ADDITIONS TO POLCIES. - Addition to pOiisaevsetiCite oiishv eni Ug enceforire 75655from thldateof the side onemencing. - The boons tOthe POlicy-holdeMs It wil be perceived, makes the early policiesoftbA.COiiPany3xnore thasadouble, and all derivelarge benefit.f accodioftoteirunej -Thie rate of laeecuilation is not quite so, raapid"u.nerthe later policles asuniider the older classes but it iz still a high rate of addition, and the Directors awe erns-inoed that it wrill he qluite aRtwisctory to the policyhoIde. lIlW 11tOLuTioNs As TO THE POREITTJBB AIND REVIVAL-OF POLICIES.. At the specia ineett,' of I851 anininoned for thes Pupuo Of .receiving areort frorathe Directors on the fourth divisionof profits at the 25th Of November, 1850. the Directors introduced the system of "Select Assurance,"' under which policies of five yeari7standing. might :e rendered unch&allieagble and indefeasdble on anlyground whateyvir save paYmeont of the annual premium, and mosft of those Present will rccollect the word in which that importarit systemmwa promulgated: by the learned gentlecman who morecL its approval., It is Pirobably thea best proof of sunceesa when a good examiple is followed bY other reason- abeandrmdent Persons, wise know the importasse of the subject. sealvewit ;nin that respect theeCompany may congratulate thensEpy ste Prnciple has been adopted, it is understood by all the other bctch Oltices. In Englanidit has madeosnoProgress,and it isone of thos features of improvement and of facflity iu business which will, mark and distinguish the liberal management of Scotch offices. HaTing advanced so far in makin a policy uncbaUiengeablo and indefeasible, the Directors now propose to take a further. steil in the same dirteeiont 'so as to mnake a-life assurance policy with. this oDmpany a still inore seenro basis of moinetary transactions -frooluggit, iuas fa,r as practicable, of al Possibility of forfeiture even from omission or neglect. The only ground on Which a forfeiture can take place at present under the first class of select. ass-urace is non-ymnt of the ordlinary pro-.1 mium, and it Jis to provide as far as = le against such acninec that the following resolutions are proposed for adoption : 1.L That Polcies ofitive yearei duration, etfected for the whole term of life at a uniform rate of prensinun', shall not be forfeited in conse.. quenco of non-D6),ent of ay ordinary preussum,notwithstanding the elpiryof the, hry days of grace, pron-ded payment shallbetelidere before the expiry of 13 months from the date of such premium falling into arrear, reckonin'g, not from the end of the days of gracm but from the regular date when the premaium fell due; and no evidence of health shall berequired; buteietr haorcev amn faysc arrar except, witha fwe of Suexr cent. per month on the Premiums in arrear. At the expiry of sue period of lilimonths the policy sallU be entirely forfeited, audthe Directors shall calculate the ralue of such. asaurance according to their usual-practice, and carry the same to a, I Forfeited Policy Account,' to the credfit of the persons wiho were into-' rested la the assurance so forfeited. to remins' there to the und of fivee years from the regular aate when the premium fell due which was not 1d.But if no claim shell be made find substantiated for such caIrn- ne alowithitnthe said periodof live years, the samie ahall be carried "IL That ass other polilcies onw *c h the ordinary preminum mazy not he paid within the 30 days of grace allowed for payment shall be forfeited, but may be revived Py thie Bloard of iIrectors within thrree months from theregular date of such Premium falling dule,if theDirectors ace satisfied with the explanationagiven as to the cause of non-paymentm-the parties proling it to ha-ve been An oversight ;t and if the Directors are thua satislied, mnedical evidence as to the health of the party whose life is assured sh-alibedsispensed.with;1 -but the Directors shall impese a fine not exceeding 10 Per cent. on the premisumin arrar. If the Diretors ae ot satistied,frmmthe circusfi. stances stated, that the forfeiture of the policy was through oversight, orif the period of arrear exceed three months, thqpoUiiry may stiUll e revived on evidenice of health and habits satisIdetorY to the Directors, proxy led application ha made within 13 months from the dale Of the premium fellin -into arrear, reckoniing, not from the end ofthe days of tbutf.romthe regular date when the premiunifelt due; but, the ircosshall impose a revival flee not exceeding S per cntpe month onthspremiumsirtarrear. The Directors to bethe sole judges of the evidence relating to) healhb and habits, andl entitled to decide accordingly." If these resolutions are approved, an assurance will truly become whatits name express,esa;andthe Dire,ctors feei confidestthattheywrn have dons mnore by these resolutions and the resolutions of 1851 to benefit life assurance as a reliable contract, and to in-crease its practice. than if they had striven to make reductions in rates, or place before the public cemptations to assuxre based on theo advantage of the present mnoment at the sacrifice of the) futulre. La conclusion, the Directors only ask for a-continuance of thathearty support on the Part Of All intereted in the Cominys~ which has enabled them to mnake, theB Standard What it is-one0 Of thle most FroSperous institutionis in theo kingdom. These repoits and statemuents were received with much applause, and the foliowing observ-ations were snaale thereafter by gentlemnen tiresent:- George Mloir, Eeq., as Chairman, then addressed the meeting. He sald.-Theoreport to which we have just listened is one which, I feel sure, mnust be Peculiarly gratifsing toevecygentleman prumnt, exhibiting as it does such highly favourable resultg, after an investigation of te affairsoftche Company, not merely fennel and perfunctory,butecondar-ted inider the strict;est profesional scrutiny towhich it was posdbsle they could be subjected. As to the progress of theCompauy, the extent of business transacted during the last five years n isahuiost unprecedented and the Standard bids fair to attain the first position ameng the assurance offices of Europe. As to the investigationof itsaffssis,I trust the report noweubmaittedwill satisfy YoUthat the Company isin th ot satisfactory slate; and asregard,sthe CompaIny'slprinciPles, a materof still more importance, as the kisis on w6hich the whole bustamas rests, theretos ample testiiniony to their soundness in the whole recorded operations of the Society during the 30 years it has beeni in existence,-a period sutficient to test the priniciples ofUanY institution. It in not my intention to trespass On the timoeof thxe mwting with anylengthsued observations, as the report is so fell and explicirt ; there are, however, one or two pointson, wvhich IwNoxild like to say a few words, Looking back over the period during which the CompanY has existe,an tracing its advancoement fromn thu email beginninig made in 1825 till, we faind it so prosperous in 1815, aliconnectod wi Llhit have goodreason to be proudi of thleir coanexion wvith the Standard. During at1 these 530 years. we have been gradually improving our positicu, andl1am biappy to add that etch succeeding y ear hias ouly ateeleratedthepace of th'at rmprov-rwent. It w-as thlepractice offormerdslaystoDenter withsomnedegrQs e prudence on the establisliment of a life-office ;--care was- talen tokeo-P downexpesesto wlk astiusly an tofno character by degrees, andin uc maner Ibeleve al eistngScochoffices have worked thei wayto pbli conidene; ut nw-a-aysit is painiful to contest,- wound up i hney I do not miention theeaawihave merely to draw a cnrs to our advantage, as our Postoreiesn such extraneous aid; but in examininbg, as I have dn aey h cautious progress of this Comipany, I could not avoideaknhw 1very differently suceh things hav-e of latebenm agdpatcaryi another country. That ageneralreaction ilcm hri odut but when,-although even now wie seu thu evil results of h ytmfe quently occupying the public attention-it is diillcult to state;' for in the affairs of anassiurnce comlpany the receipts ought to exceed, and even under bad manag.ement, wIith a moderate share of business, may exceed, the expenditure for miany years, and it ma-Y thus be long befote anwtaclntdeficiency showvs itseid That the positionof assuranCe companies is in this and other respects quite dlifferent from othier. joint-stock companiez there is no doubt. GoverLument interference is loudiy called for to afford some check on their recklesm formation, but the diflicuilty of that jinterference is yearly increased, as the check vill now have to be applied in a t,reat many instances, not at the origin of a company, but at an advanced stage of its affairs. By- adopting from the first a totallY OPPOsit line Of Policy to that whiMch characterizes modem assurances, and by continued and enlarged libe-. rality of mnanagement, we now reap the rewyard of that policy.-every Qninquennial Period indicating- a miarked imiprovement upoii its Predecessor. At the closeof the first Qauhquendniul n 830, though the state of the Couspany's aifaiss was highly- favourable, the Directors of the Standard didnot declare any division of profits, Preferring to wait until the lapse of other five years should test by its e-xperience more fully the. accus-,sy of theircalculations. W%e arenow able-tossay,b$wiiever,thatt every successive Quinquesilal period has served.to oxtenstand fordnfy our positioii,-the realised profits bein.,stefidPq oti thlc inC,-3easIs7laf85 the amount of profit divided was five timesgreater thnnthat whichi was divisible in 1831, nd in 855 it is14 tisnes that amnount.Of course the increase of profits springs to a large extent from the accumulation of bsusiness with wvhich the Company has been favoured. but a large additionial surplus also arises from the dimainution of exPenises on the increased business, as comnpared with the Comipany's more limited resources in earlier y'ears. last year the new assurances amounted tonfoless3than £603,323 7ie lst, sehiie the company's whole risks at the 15th of November, 1855, e_xtended to mere-than z£S,Si0,0 DDa sum so large that one might almost feel staggered at the liabilities of the Company, did they not kniow, -from the most indlubitable an-'thority, that all its obligations are fully provided fer; hideed-the. extent of these liabilities may ho taken as an indlication of public contidence in iltrnstingsolarge asum to the safe keepingof the Socie ty. Tile extent of the Company's transactions has enabled the beard of Directors, froma time to time, to do much towiards placing thiewahole que-stion of assurance upon a mere liberal basis, and I may say it has been their good fortune to have Originated changes which have been. acknowledged to be great improvements in the business of life assurance, and have thus advaniced the interests of the general community. La IS51 the Comapany took the bold and decided step of declaring all policies on which the pre miums hadheen paid for five years admi-ssible to a ela s of " select assurances." in whicLh they might be rendered in' disputable upon any groand whatever, except failure in payment -of premium-a step which, bald theough it wIts, subsequenit events have fuly justified, and which has contributed materially to increase the ma%rket value of the policies of the Standard and the policies of all coinpanics which have adopted the system. A person enjoying the fullest privileges of that class may now go out of the country to any part of the worldwithont the fear that some dlisPute regarding his clains upost the Company mazy subsequently arise, oat of neglect, real or imagined on hIds part, to comply with forms of whicha he mighit, through mere inadvertence, beignorant. To this liberal boon to theassured the Directors this year propose to mnake A very imnportant addition, as stated' n therepor,. the resolutions proposed inathe report are adopted, Policies otfiveyears'duration, effected forlife ata uniforinrarteof premium, wili not be forfeited, rovided Payment of the premium bemnaslde within 13 montbs from the date of such ipremiuEa falintg doe, A certifiate of good health in to be dispensedwith, but such a fine in to be imposed. as wfl debar any one taking advantage Of the rule as a matter of convenience, Again,theComnpany arenot to take advantagec of theo value. ol forfeited Polices in this9 class till five years have elapsed, thus allowing all parties interested full time to makeo their claim. At the end of five years thermatter willbe entirely closed, As to policies of lumthan rive years' standing, anid other policies, the Company also PrOpose mos0t liberal conditions, andl have Pleasure in referring to them, as showing a further move in the right direction. The following oxtract from the report of the Investigation CoDmmnittee on the subject will stisfyyou of the necessity of improvement, and of the care taken to inqxuire into the probable resuits of such a step as the present before it was Pro- "Th_e Manager took this opportunity of bringing before the committee the results of the 'select afiurance' plan adopted inL 1851, wliich bad been entirely successul, and which had bern followed by all the assurance companes in SotlaPd, -He further explained that he thought the contract of assurance miight be miade still more certain if the forfeiture of pocines throngh accidental failure tops1iy the renewal premiums were placed on a better footing. He exPlained the p rsent practice to be that, if a premiium was not PaidisVithin tha 30 ydasof grace afterit ielldue, it becamneentireyfritd-w thrt had existed onie or 50 years, and that the office and the assured Stool. in this anomalous position, that a policy for which £1,000 would haive been given for a surrender, and on which the Companv would -the day before have leint £0J50. was declared firfeited in cLonsquence of theO non-payment ofproDbably£40, or other sum ofsanuilamount. Again, as to the means by which aL revival of tho assiusac oDuld be brought about, the rule was that a medical certificate of- unimpa3ired health mnust be- produced. Now, the older the policy the mnore difficult it would be to produce this certificate, and it is hard thata partywhowas in bad health when the renewval premium was accidentallY Omitted to - be paid, should he, according to rule, deprive fbnpoet eas ho could not Prove himself in good healthi;nothttereisticl enforced by the office, but such in the rule as it stands. He confesse hieliad great difficulty in dealing with, or making any suggestion in the matter, but he had attempted to throw together his views in the sha-pe of proposed resolutions,anid these he submitted. ' The Maiageralso submitted, in connexionawithtbls subject, i-srious statements, els-olag tl,e number ofpolicies allowed to lapso ithe ComPany's experience within one to ten years of their existence.y After due consideration, the proposed resolutions w-ere adopted by the Investigation Comm-ittee, who were fully satisfied as to the soundnoess of the -dews of theI Manager. I have nio doubt that the resolutions new proposed will be speedily followed, as in the case of the resoluition of 1851 as to " select assurances," by other Scotch offices, and that our liberal policy wil be amply justified, not only by success, but by the concurring testimony of those who, following the same inquiries as we have dead, may adopt similar resolutions, andl thus bear witnes to. the Fsoundness of that liberality. Brilliant aS has been the past career of this Company, the future on which we ae eterng s sill oreencuraingandpropitious, luch depeds,howver onthecosbinsl xerion ofall connected withi theinsituionto romte ts elfre,whih,I trast. will not be awatin. no laveth reor inyorehnsm btIcnntcn cldethsecogrtuaor rmakswihot eemerngtht o h William Moncreiff, Esq.-As Chairman of the Conmittee of InveatFation I beg to sate tat alloints of importance com ected with this mnvestigation have been fully explained toth commttee, andhave been very maturely considered. The commuittee entirely apove of the principles on which the liabilities and finances of the Crpany bave been valued and ascertained. They believe them to be souId and to afford the mlost ample security both to the insured andIo the Company. i may add tbat the responsible duties which have devolved on the oumnittee have been greatly facilitated by the distinct statement3that have been laidbeforethem, and by the explana-tons afforded by the Mauager James Iobertron, Esq.,W.S.-Yon have heerd the report o. the comaittee on the O6npany's investments, and, as I had the honour of bei the haiman of thatsnomittee, I beg to explain the manner in .hia tho securities of the Company were examined. The ledger acoDunts, showingthe Company's funds, asexhibited in the balancesheet certified by the auditor a.n three of tehe Directors, were taken seriatim, and the Manager produced to the committee every deed and ground of debt for the particular items of investment. These were separately examined by the committee, and the principal deed marked by the intials of the cbairman. Eachl membe- of committee hbl at the same time a separate list of the investments before him, and made note on the smites as they were reported. Attle close of the invetightion these notes were compared, whon it was fumd the comrmittee had in every iustance agreed in opiuion. Finally, the whole a`ma were cbhecked off vwith the sums carried to the investigation statemeats, The procedume was to me most satisfactory, and I am authosized by my colleagues to say lt.-as equally satis3facto to tbem; and the result, as stated in the report, is that the Company's large fend3, abmountjieng dto above1,250,00D, are most amply secured and profit- CMhauies Pearson, }sq,C.A.-As Auditor of the Comrany. 1 hare had better opportuniy 'than any other gentleman present of making myself acquainted with its atrair3, and 1 may therefor bealloWed to be.r teStilyo he distinct m'nner inwhichthe whole books and' cco,unts are lept, and to the efficiency of the variors checka, as ngon the atisfactory maimer in which its affairsgenerall are Conducted. The greatest fac iatf is always afforded me by the oftioers et the Company in examining the transactions theousbghly, and the 1ouchere are etamped With the auditor's oficial seal, bearing the -dfatehorysro audit; all explanations required byme inthecouese of the audit are mUost readily given; aud I can s With confidee at it would be alm.ost impoesisle, frc the exiamnatio and' the system cit checks estabuLhed, for any eDrror to0 ecape notice. Tae audit isa sWtiy pjeeiono one, aud I haye entered- $hus IntD detati jm IamAw tb In.ameassurance, od5ee (I do not allude to lcbtrh practioe) the audit is conducted in a very superficial maaner by nonfosons auitoa, howould iiot devote the time necs ytoa _qW the Toucher& and documenta Isid before them, aj,.e ofroam winaetasoreacher iocannotiiexpected,ttoana a,thorDugliknowledgeof the ilnum,rous and-intricatetransaetieeaot *s'c .4bDmpW.y As a member o(-the,-lnTestigAtion -Commuittee, I may also be allowed to Ray a few words sas to. the clear andl ~~ numer s0 which the Manager exPlained at our meetings the Piafciples upon which, he bad couiducted the investigation, and I, can ot let the oppo itylleepseft alsoexwsngh at Ytifco n amy opinion th9*epsicpleas-. All loading, orpretages added to the niet calcah&d PremliuS, Ar% , aStSti ii tlia report. thrown off before valuation, and the 2)et rwsmitomS alOne taken into Account; vwhile on the greaS hullk of the Company's tsscissasrne withprodts-thoe yun-modesAt.rate of. per cent, as been assumed as the retur expec1zdfrODnFIWW accumulatiee of fqnds~ From these and other sources of peufit, yjeeisum ofprwobsly not less than from X450toidi0,Q0W%s beeni. ustiaosehed-ihe developmtent of which. during the next quinqMe,,ialperiot7 forms a verynraterial guarantee to the pollcy-holderx, and! th[oseVbO-m% assure with the C'ompany iu the Interval, that alarge, bonue-Wil ho~ added to-the policies at nert inTestigationl. George Patton, Xizi., Advocaft~-MBY friend the Chaleunasi, in his -opening renmarks, has left LttIefbrmoetoadd in moving,.aaI now do, the adoption of the report . fjd- certai that that report has more Ithanx realized the cerpectatisg of aIt preset; and while it is iathe highest degree gratifying to oucelee [beliee I may may that it-will proe almost equally so to paitlesuneco5wectedwithithe Company. but interstd inmte progress and extensionssof iffe As-urance cenerally. The extent of business done duyingthe last-five year has heen rery , t;during thelastyearithasattainedtruLy ODO-l aIrOPOrtiocs. It jins so chanced thatIhihave had practical knowledgce of the mode i which the business of the Company bas been carded ss andl can safely teftif that this result has beere attained without any departure having taken plce, in the selection and acceptance of lives,fzomthe strict rules of cautionL which heretofore h-ad been obserred by the Boa,rd. It aught not unnaturallybhethought that, torech an amount of husinewe greater than that which ,hn been done by any -other Ascurance Company within the same perodl, as was the case with referenoB to our business of last year, somerelaxation had been permiltted of the Principles of strict scrutiniy and care ins the seletion of th bivs ut I cam assue the meetin- that, this was not the fact; and that throughout, the same cauio nd prdence have been .exercised which haLve uniformly charceizdte proceedings of the Company Nor have any extraordinary inducements been held outhe yond te perfectlyfafrandsegitimatoprospectofshabaing in the proposed bonus. The CompanyhavTe now attained avery proud peal-tion. andlIthik weomay safely say,that they haeTattaiLned it by the fairesteand miost honourable meoanu-by the -fairnes and liberAlity of their dealings-and by the energy ability, and perseres-ncewithwhich the affairs of the Compnxy have been managed. The addition.made to the policies, especially to the earlier policies. isyTery great.- In listening to the satDements which have been made. e~siecially by Mr. Pearson, I have been almost tempted to doubt whetherthe Directorsmnay n3ot haveerred on the sde ofcaution. It appears that intheocomputation of futuro Premiums, they have Onfly taken into acoDunt 'he net premiums. that is, the Premiums payable, -after deducting the percentages added for expenses and profit. Every one knows that these percentages were fixedL01 on Tery liberal scale, at sa time when it was impossible to anticipate the great amouint of business whichi the Company have been ena;bled to do, and ~by which the proportion. of expense zipplicable to each risk is, of course, much diminished, In other companies, manly of them well regulated and long established, it hass ben customary to v-alue the gross premaiums, maki ng such deductions only by way of reserve as may have been thought, according to the views, sometimes capricious, of each company, to be sufficient, it is obvious that there is great 'danger and iittle effectiv6 control in aninvesftigation in which such license is allowed. This Companyhasrejected the practice altogether. Then we havebeen. told by the eminent professional gentlemen who examined-the securities of the Company that the investments are actually producing from I to l1s per cent. over the estimated return. another source of profit to which effect has not been given. There is unquestionably a differencea in th coDntract of life assurance from any other, whicht is, that the contractimay remain in cisatence for half a century, and in that long period mnuch may happen to disturb calculationi, however skilfullyfrasned. Thins reconciles me to what miay appear excess of caution, and I am also reconciled to itby reflecting that there remain unexaustd, sd redy t beboughiutoplayin ftuture distributions. soucesof roft s lage nd o podutiv.I have said that the repot. bside cenaiuigmaterofhehihesinterest to Proprietors an tolicyholers,containsalsfaettert ofdeinrstoalpris interbesedn lnsifuedasurnce;y6r andry to. first beaueqhegra etnt ofbuiess don 0hae proese ao geexitdralnextaeninothprccef loiife ofuranc,and,f thseondly. bcauseiproves that rfeec o h parteo absslurersytoold-etabihed pandiwellonsartittdcmaisoe scherne'wareanhomerainosto itienortdailspiglt p.hem referred Hteto the etorinatyrferectea 228 copnetohlfsuac noathesthau go30lhave ceasdtob xis drig the sameps riedt Theg, scees bre.aondhowrdequato tounfertunat evictl wlowremdupad byithem. H ithrt they winterfrene pof,ter saegilaurhs onevi trasthrthantod by cloxthinvegatothese companieswithbaeporndtohleis Lative sainctaion, dtebandgvig prpo e-to tteminsured p a t morchthstrn gentand. effetiv systemd if onle trolghe in pthe - esirbe.em ind thnis parte of the puslanirc apl re omayoc itiiu ntttos buMeajre interestroe wthol seound tofReces, i endeavoing thto aut the echleupnt tebformationstof bubble crompne wheir evteerChtaisheau Bedforeoncludiang.I beg torifertdo ntheveryoaeutahandweimlYcosideore atherationwbinf hadourofensueswichal hoas eensgetente.eot IThei thatoit wil,sik then fppormer reaatoff.h rls ofoe- rhesdne bea ofon Fadequyate tomhae oetthe evilinteded of be remedied. ptinseasmuto rhel forfeimplementd thevcontract poUePitouen thepotfinues reached, but ill bstand,nce posibe, stailla higerai the esteemand letroand- propsedteresluronse tromscn the careot an:- dtat fe h Itoandtfro thfe Paettgon,thewol Sado nothiurngoe thmansipy supThort the,asI T mtonbwichd hoattends abtil lyarpsed. wicbs smwa The Drecean of macuety wsetdowhav fove thet dappy a fth eu tiouneesndeog t edm as to the" forfeiture and revival ofpoiesinrdcdnth rporte.bun Thipopsabs-enetheChimeanexrleadtoef.lowauletterinand MyoraDearwithth egricpetoetreemel tht i wlleatAsubueaimopower toattend lfthenuena meeting,o heSandar Assuranc Colompd,anyI ondThrs-ad une-allethed toffi e, bee setlud donforhaamy corduceithiepucipl ofthe che eaofselret y suchace dota byealltee tofdepiceine Softland. ue o prpry.I.hn 'nThact valuabeffctPolicies shorldnotb alO ostb merfeoiste on from mr premiumt, itis nyndu betterthatsmtebe santctihoned bymdetheplanw conideratioansyot ofd justeaice adsoa,n truepoicondeve then.t dires pecuniaryinthe Drestsof th eXofiearCeb nOf maTUnsPrejudicedibysuchtoa rane, hto whven it doeatrsehappeny thnd mayl enue to th oiisayf thet the paireyto woul neotm cnonhentofthke advkantag ofch atmereoissint eyry Aelet toheprave onme,o ithi insqurted fcvalrable propierty.ainst then,o snbplitsa effect. indlient areg-zaint benalio edabeforfentedurom mere i nudeglet i i ereyArmdtthseerstoatthlepractiu soldlb maoivEhdeb thela wifuldlyi the paompanyPemum, and syteaizdso as,Teon the onnad,taew -away from the Din ectorythedex oercieofraverycunpleasane dsceton They mbytreonvi nganiother f the risha. adtowhec aeoltiponse everyn toiney is texrportb 9 ircoswreaotd a t ther a saone ttimei isompuyitelanecssarytmerged idk,gaingttheosltbiityeathiinducontireulation oftb eportabumaeliandSo- ndurIthavei piucadvertency.ind thi semsto bea requetullyAccmpisedt byro thepropolse cain e s,thihwl mp l asc a formysatluteetarymcek tgingstuan wstifulbdelayi thae paymenthof premutsiumoastrc, and alsohpllvntithene rnulefro thavin asnytcndeny to gencorage caprelssinoftess, geso the Withui bethwishesmfortheantidprtent.eesfyormctn OF THE ThAsNDARs-IFEASUACEC- "JOHN INGROS. THE motio was unaniMousyarIe, and THe re5ltioi QF -onP-) Thie deathe rnlueportib the Direcrsettorstwereiadopted. - enela Prtofesorember.ism.on- have been nubr.qnsLi' theDprevious toigveyer athort accounts of3.The Compawny' caimrorbemuerg edarisks,dringtel laserthfie Fayears, i Rconinuatio A lyi of therptImde QinquSe,ndIum haved muc15h pleasuremincom1l5ng wIthapas that rqet ra ato h 'Eta deiscnntb sated infctouch afoms as toiners a. mee. such4 astis; butlshav the rownth reutnoaotatand sie . I shal give9 a muc iotem as wil cone aes genetral imprsesclsion ofth progrsso theComanyes ofthisimortant o dep~artment.4 Theseaths icue intioeropcfo the fiveieogas ..,. year .enddth Diseaof esovember uSiS.are 43 ndnumber.aIn the prevous five year Grsadualofderaveaccounts ofor. th- . 14tuin.- Epideic mld infaecton. dsass .3 Diseases ofuthebrtainan speat(ne . .in8hoe1 slr Dis eases fof ntuerganso dciYcoustatution . 40 enmnaiilo Dliseseo the ovrgesrgiancy oftnlocomotionce.o 3qul tr Diseasso the dieage espcttiveorgns .5ie;teacul 3uvvnc en Dis7earsesofsthea urinar and genpertativn eorm.ans ol ag ritk Digepposeasehs.ofderaedehabthsuofthe constitution . eWaD Vaion6lent d9ereaths .. t. tlmrtliY m ..tba 20e waic the average survivancY, af ter accnteptane,now ~iqerualsmoisur p93yassesntedof1. the average expectation of life; the aculmrvvnybing 12,7 ,ears,dinsteado11.o. thegexpectationeterm, Thepoldyaaedrisksya largeaproc thsthe seondead,tPheudths h-Poedad,m oramcngthsosre wof acceptedlatyo tafinther6,preYfewlPerithan lathe lasdt qluq,nius oingt thei rcationaofu10 to,197percent. of thetoa mortality amng the eassuerpedio andu theavrag sevndets-iagab fth 42l in te pr heesrlent uinquennitun i -9.3 years, inteadcofn1,8uthe% avrae ot'expcgtatjuions of alfe.iTemains toauses operathnamong old age rascs homavebehenapopexyand paialsy, aftroacceptisandcpeamonia,0 canddse edheartly .4 er ntedo- 1 Und aerathe sectiondhad,typhus hasnprovedia lrevossqfrequent orce oft wsuorvent thanvinth prev2iousterid, Thrt dets wngt.ti cAusopexyamontd per adchntnif thkae mor tality,ath bae rierpeionel 37 damuted, toa s 126 per cenLot,hasri whlortbaiusyfevngexa,thowtee, tropteoprations of ahe aseios ancuenompany.The average sarvriancy afe ceLneamong 4hm9m106 ease a ny . er instead of 3123.hi ~raoePetto the ive,whexpectatonmofolif;eandpinthela p)reious qunquenniemigth- 64dethe , that is,o1urpercent.ofathes whole5 m hortlyPr being ex sctlyth s,picuous in this listare, landed proprietors and clergymen, who furnish 18- cawsesIn nearly equal proportioo. . Delirium tremens hasinereased from 2 in thie former to 8 in the latter perio. Oa.Inal the s-Smc hich led to it wassatisfacloriyaert ed not to have existed at the time of sooeptance. There has been apparently an lacrosse of deaths from diseased heart, vis,, from 16 to 37, or from 534 to 8.33 Per cent. Notwithstanding th e inbeth periods, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ inth - Cosumpion-hemotimortatof licaeesofrdamth in their relationto ssuanc, ha ocasinedan icrese-rom29 to 611 from one perid t th oter-hatis,fro 110 t 180 pr cnt.The causes of thi inreae ae woi nuber Fo, irs. te hsin'sof the Coin pan, icresin ina gomericl rtiodurngthelestlO years, throws intotienewr prio a argr popotio ofthese causes of deathi consmptin uder 5 yars f ae 12 inteadof-iIn the latter than Iintisoeirlierquinquennium. Noimproementhastakenplace in the mnuvivancy of the asured who have died of this disease. The GOsurvived, on an average, only 5.7 years instead of 32.6, their average i expectation of life-being a trifle more than a sixth of the natural term.L Inthe last quinquenniunm it was exactly a sixth; so that it is probable that the Company must count on- a loss of fivesixths of the expectation of life in the case of every aestred paison who dies of consumption. There is no class of caaes, therefore, ag to whoh so much eare in selection is necosary. Violent death increasel from 9 tolD in the last quinquennium. shows a remarkable predominance over the - proportion in the former period.- Seven have arisen from aocidental injuries oneftrom poisonlng with monllcashod, one from suicide by, hanging, and the renainiDg 11 fromts drowning. The lat cause has occasioned the principal increase; and the t nquency of loss-armosg asssenger-vessels accounts for many of oe-two haTing beest loat in the City of Glasgow steamship, one in the Arctic steamidfp, both bound for. America, and one in thew-Iowa for 'Melbourne,and anotherin the Madagascar on her voyagehome from Australia. The Unasoertained Deaths have been redoed to, 9or two per cent.: and a further reduction may be expected wen medical meni in returning certificates of death, abaudon the common term aropsy, and substi. tute the disease of tho heart. iddueys liver, Ac, which causes that affection, astdreallyeausesdeath. Andrew Wood, M.D.. President of the Royal Coilege of Surgeons, inmovinga vote Gfthanks to the boerd of Directoe said.-From vwhat we have hard to-day, we mast be sBtied thatthis Company has attained to ah eihtof prosperity asl -sieswhch has placed it onsa level at least wit the most ssaemesl bmoopanies Of thdOT Soa other country. The attainment of thi 'poitlon is owing, ll mY opinion. to teveralcauses, 1. Thesound en whichtheOomny is foue 2, ThesafeandprudentwyiawabicbatTand on tras actionsareconducted. 3. Theeergy and enterpriac wichhave been uniformly diared in itmea gement. nd which haye led to the introductionoEnew,and,1znwaysay.stttigimprovements,bothimprin- iple sand detail. conreeted with life awuranea, which exPeriae has bowveveerpeovedtoheaoundandjudiiou=nsadwrhlchbavebeendoptec. byothecosam eAbeieandesewrhere YOrTtherestseteft asd great Indeedto tbDirectos, who have brougbt to the manement an ainoAt o Z'aL ienot, flnce and pe the.fuitafs whicb a those erip5scted with - Company are reaping this dav The high etnding of th getlement in their wn repective a**ra0ff is L g.Ithr.&eO for their didency aDirecors-fforIhave s lwas obaRed tbt tl' e men who ane most uccessful ia the manaatent of teiTr own ff&is arealso thcewhrtointhe iaaeinent of prelSic companies i aaVt',5 Standard are meet truatouthyand moat eificiant. 1 amnre . E.at all present will agree mads cordallyr in pasing a ote cit thans to 'the Directors for their valuabe services toth. Compa ny.- - I T.G.Muray. Ese,. W.S., moved the thanks ofthe meetingto the 'london Bord of Dietos -Having; been 'lately a memOs of the lEAinburh Board, he could bear testimony to the energy and zeal hDacdxb*Bo dmaplayoth3xsrt'.&t% 4latd tWb~ltaite -Tins does not inolud(e Survivorsbip Ameur uiee5 Jom~in yi and& SurriYorllip)Assuranero, and amuranes o whichaDy portion ot ti2relsiumS raay be allowed to remain unpald as a debt onthe policT. ; t A deCdration on tbe subect to be mnade beXore a iust1ve otf U TQtaw W ? torn to borpZ4vi byUtiof OMN. - f . of the 8Sadad. He thought the Comacy 6ryforuoate-in-bein representedin the m trompolisbya bo*d comPrDn of gentlmen of so - much inlue e and pitionD, and-wrh rwcvg1cy erot eokq Ofthei timetoa f eriug its irieres.' - , JobScott, Esq. of L ndo nthe of th nod of mae I appear ou ts occio as the Solek i fti Bsd ; but I can awareyouiLws matterof mzehwepR t o er.-entemenwlho were.toihave formed the deput*tlors nwer bSba lTJinet unawo.zdably preveneed ansompanyic,%maA.tujir eaj ratif)ing to kDaW that our-exertiouB haye ben arposted, em&o wigie me thOlhghest pleasureto coTeyto my thelet many healocof theirservi r which hea betn gir to-dy. MA-MawU Inqi~e. Eeq . nasked leaTe to propose a vote ~of thanks ,tothe DubliseDo}iL He, ineoimonwith the otherproie lvert that the deutrlon waa not go merous on this occai.on Xs;tjey wre led to anticipate. btst they were the more indebted to the ventiemeai who hadtaxen the troublae oC ttendingthis ieete andlSe had-.no doubt that the otheS scmee of thde aub tioei badheen detain d by some unforeseen. cause. Ho fsat peculiar plearure in making. the roposal he -d dne. ad on occaion of a recent vit-to' ublin he ha an oppmtunity of witnessing the zeal and abliAV witbh whicirthe member of the alnb'o Boud discharred their duties. He wa soe that ibeotberinemerseo the Fdiabrgh Boax4by whom he was= aoompnied at tha imnewoUld onur in wrbthtI had noW said, andstt tbtyewud alobeartiarony to the coprte with which they hod beenreceired by the individual mcmbirs of tre Dabhni oard, and nore particularly bMr. BoYc -who At that t-ine heldthedistingnishcdpeaition of dI Myorof DLblin, andwhomlsy was happy to see now,present. Ar. ingUs move'd,tbatthe thauk'of thbz xeeting be now given to the Dubli Io1:1 for the Ligh11 emIent manner in which it hax discharged itefoieuaduEe ' Joseph Boyce, Esq., 1): I.., Dubln intrnio thank, on behalfof the deputation from Dublin, statedthat he happyijabeing present to hear recorded the properity. of the St l Corpa ;iaodhab further pleasure in xeporting.4nat theyt ha been a ie and teady irerase in the Irish business, which aroaW in IsisP oenin intoli inonsequence of tbe iyrnrned cond- tion oS' thu Siste r Isle- cicc;n tzance which he bed no doubt would be g=tifIytotho.eSotcb; gentemen who made thAt cDuntry the acene of their larial opo. tios. Asa furthertest of leland's improved cordli)ioo,he need onU mention thb t at excess or ov2rz20-per cent. haW been. pid into thx Treasury for Income-tax for thepast year beyond the Chanceborof thy Exchequer's expectation. Inconclion. Mr. Boyce sted - thatthat Staudard Company stood aecond.to none inI relancr, and he -was surv-J the advantages secured to those joirnl&it uldcontinueto be appe esated bythe public atlarge. WilliamWod. Baiq., _ -,C.S.E, n oved t hanf thaf 1.anagerof the Compay. andto the-SeretinEdibl,I End Dublin. In doing sohe bore-testimony to the,efliciency of these) afferi and paid a compliment in5be name Or tS rl of Dirct loMr.lltaomsonforbls snoceasfulmanaeentithetlorM3any'aaitaori durng he ast20 ear. ndongs; h reerrd.to the niumber De seotiemen now hoidiag high positions intheasmnuse.warld of busit neses who ha,d pased their aPprentic7 sbipin the Corn iaofdce. Y9ithr resectto he ecrtares.he as urehe ans o f tlireaeingth opinion of the whole Boardof the Bireetors,-. °he saidiha they' w,ere every way dtted for the diechargo ofEthe duties oSfthesirr'rio- mopoCitions, and that il of them tol5ed the tontthce of-their the Com might be said to be& labowof love with him, ther was so mucL in connexion -with such work to interest the pro-i fessor of medical scince, and throwlight rpea sofm Of the morepep1an,o Dand recondite problems oDnnected wi he S T Profeor hore testinmony at the inae to the luable services rendered to the Compny by Dr. TwLedie, of f ,ondon, anfDr.- Neliga, of Dublin. Of the former, as hiaprfeionat senior and connexion, hewould sayno more; but of thelater, as onewbose profesgtonal career he had always watchedwith inert. held addthat Le had formed at an early period tho highest anticipaktion of his future eminence, and h7 had not been disappointed. Alexander Gibbon, Baq., of Johostone, moved A Toteof thanks to Ihe local Boards of the Company. In doing 9o, hpaia wawarm tributeto the zealwith which these boards disharge theirdutieL. Howevereffiient and energetic, he said, the manarget mightbeatthe central. s.titution, upon these local boardss the D3rect usMst ita large meainto depend for informtion, and for the peoeeueof the business: end looking at the care and the energ,y which the brought to the disbhargse of the duties devolving upon them,he thotght they fully incrited heir wrarmest thanks James Simson, MlD.,movedavote of thankstotheConspany's agents en whose exertions thebusiness of the Company ao mainly depends. _Willhiam Fraier, jlun. Esq., W.S., moved a vote of thanks to the Ihairmans for the admirable manner in which,he had discharged hii The Ciatrman acluowledged the complment, after which the meet.ig separated eBy order of the Board of Direetore, WILL. TROS. THOMSON. Manager. H. JON-IES YILLIAMS, tesident lecretary. -ondon, 82, King illisam-street.
TESTAMENTABY JUMSDICTIO. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-You did me the favour to insert a few weeks ago a letter on the subject of church discipline, in which I mcidentally referred to the schemes proposed for the reform of [he testamentary jurisdiction. Since that time, the Church Discipline Bill has met with thefate which I predicted; but the Solicitor-General's Testamentary Bill remains in statel quo. An addition has, however, been made to the mat-erials for discussion by the House on that subject. There are now three hills before the House, one introduced by the Solicitor-General, one by Sir Fitzroy Kelly, and a third by Mr. Collier. By the last it is proposed to transfer the jurisdiction to the County Conrts. I will not, however, dwell upon that bilL The report of the Chancery Commissioners and the general feeling of the country are so strong against the fitness of those courts for the transaction of business of this nature (however suitable for their present business) that I cannot think there is any serious intention of pressing that bill. I confine myself to the two former bills. Both entirely a'oolish the jurisdiction of ecclesiastical courts in those matters; but they are based upon two very distinct principles. The Solicitor-Generalproposes to transfer the jurisdiction to a newv court, which, though not in name, is in fact to be closely connected with the Court of Chancery- - its practice simila, its judges interchanged; and he proposes that the entire testament4ry business of the country, as well in common form as in contentious cases, should ba e transacted in one central office in London. Sir FitzroyKelly, on the other hand, proposes to establish a court en- tirely distinct from every other court; a court which shall - be empowvered by rules and regulations of practice to adopt just so much of the systems of all the present courts- equity, common law, and ecclesiastical-as may be deemed - advisable to-insure the prompt, inexpensive, and simpleI transaction of the business placed within its jurisdiction. He also proposes to establish district offices in- convenient parts of the country for the transaction of common form business. On these differences the bill of Sir F. Kelly has this important claim in its favour-it is substantially based upon the report of the last commission apointedt upon the subject, and in the establishment of distict offices it has also the sanction of the present Lord Chancellor, whose bill of 1854 contained a similar prov sion. U Ipon the first point of difference I need not make any lengthened rem,arkis. Popularzfeeling is strong for a reform. of existing modes of procedure. IMuch has already been done, but much still remains to be done ; and to establish nowaneweourt connec'tediththe courtwhich, of all others, is the subject of public autipathy-the Court of Chancerywould be so wilfully running counter to public opinion that I am astonished that, for the sake of indulging a crotchet of his own, the Solicitor-General should risk the credit of 2- passirg a measure of reform whichhas foiled so many of his - predecessors. The main point to which I wish to draw your attention. is the centralization by the Solicitor-General of all the - testamentary business in one office in Lndon, instead of - establishing district offices for the transaction of common form business, as recommended by the commissioner4, and adopted by the Lord Chancellor and Sir Fitzroy Kelly. Though myself a resident inthe country, I do not join, on, all occasions, inthe clamour whichis raised aainst the establishment of central authority, audI am an advocate for acentral court for contentious testamentary business; - but I do say that before business nowv transacted in the - - country is transferred to London, it is imperative upon the promoters of the scheme to prove that it cinnot, under an improved system, be retain&i in its present channel, and that its transaction in London will be attended with less ex- pense and more convenience, regularity, and promptitude1 than if so retained. I have carefully examined the details of the Solicitor-General's Bill, andI feel assured that the machinery by which, in lieu of district offices, the -country; business is proposedto be transactedis such as must involve' delay, confusion, increased expense, and danger of fraud. At present about 10,0() probates and administrations are annualy issued from Doctors'-commons, and about 15,*0 from the local courts. If, therefore, this bill should pass, about 25,000 grants (without taking fature increase into account) must annally issue from one central office. - We have, in our late war, had melancholy experience of the delays and confusion prevailing in large public departments, and can your readers doubt that similar delays and confusion will arise in the huge establishment to be created (under the Solicitor-General's scheme)for this particular purpose? Again, as the bill stands, every will, however- small the property, must be proved in ILndon. It is-true that the -bill provides that this may be done without the intervention of solicitors, and,. in places beyond the limits of the London district post, mnay be done by letter. Bet who that has had -any experienco in communications with large London official departments wi believe that it can be done without the intervention of solicitors ? and, the official fees being the same in both cases, nesd I add that the expense must be increased ? I believe that, in a large majority of co;ntry cases-rwhla generally relate to sm properties-tho expense Sill be it; east 50 per cent. mora than it would be in reformed local, coutts. As a solicitor, it is not -to my interest to take this ground; but I think it due to t'he public that they shouldbeenlightened on the subject, and be asked whether they' wvill quietly acquiesce in a scheme wrhich, in order to gratifythe centralizing spirit of the Solicitor-General, will involve them in a large additional cost in matters which,' sooner or-- later,affect them all? Iamn aware that the Metropolitan Lawf Association are in favour of the scheme, and that theyhave suggested to their members in the country trpetition for it; but I could produce a letter. emanating from them, which discloses-that they urge their interests s the groundwork of the movement; in fact they see, s I do, that here is an opening for supRlyin? the los which the London agency offices have sustained in the-removalto the country of the business before trunsacted in London, and now in the. County Courts. But is that a reason wkya statesnian shouldinvent such a schenae,. and is it a reaso in which the local public-will sympathi2e ! I think not, Once more. -ae there be a dotsbt that the opportunty' wihich will-be.afirdeby this btill to persons from all parts of the couitcy to tranast testaieatarybusiness, personally ar by lette;. wlsalargoLondon esablishment, uot one of the of ficers of which can baive the slightest persona knor.~ ledge of the-apprants, will also afford a wide opening £or fraud, not orly in the proof et fictitiou wills, and ever, tlw'false representation of the deaths of partie5, but also in every kina of deeeption to -wEch such matters r eiposedV There are recorded cases of such acts in ' Iondon eourt asAitalready exists, and, notwithatandng,th. comparative safeguards afforded by-the large stffed rscpnized of ficial through whom apilications must nowbeaade; the proposed newcourt almos1invitessuch acts on a;mr. extended- sealsb- ( Ihave-muchmoretha. I coul say, but Imust,u9 tree.. pass further upon your space. I knowr from expex*Rce yoa cohirtesy in such matters and your-wllingness te,ilrert any) coaeunrtioas on subjects- of public interest .-¢.ritteu. ix a fair sprit, otherwise I would nothavtentredto tvnble-yot, as I nowr do, writh a request to i b - - - T. s Rr vfnn tnlw,l.nut o,wrr*va'. A COVNITRX W,OF OR. I-Mal5. rAdvertisment. -" John Ha1ifaxs et1tew3z.' by ilha t ofo "Itho lead oS the M&mily." &Q, 'la thlree TO is L bIished. 'This is a -ery good and sa e ercstig B°YeL Oxa Sigmedtawoe the caer from bwhood age of a Zwrf,el Ut . Christian gentlemen, and it boundcL incidea, botbhwellianWhit _Wmugbt. Throughout it is ncoeived aiahigh Sw:n andwiW ,^th greait ability, better than any former rwork, we thiuiu of its dwrW?(Ur .auceulauthor. There ismiehvic pathoe,ttMberose thAereI touches of nature scattered about. there 5r.X reny pictute5- hon tlrenee,acenes Of loTe in the becchwood, or of the doetC o e be, eoadtiu the-ii; mlperSC - -re Caget - 1, wealthb- hine.o, ii 210wl hr zuYNy Z~t5fVA" t~,A~ cinebi
LOST, on Friday bettween 3 and 4 o'clock, a GOLD BRACELET, withairoutslde, between37.Gower-street, andthe corne olfGoode-street- onoetaks ittotheporter,at37.Gower. rtreet, will be handsomelyR RWARDED. -BANDS in the PARKS.-The Committee forPro. motinh the Saturdsy Half Ho:yday are communic tinw with Government in order to obtain the SERVICES of the BANDS on Usturdayateeoog, and they invite all well-wishers to the industrious c_ to unit tith them iu forwasding the Half Holyday Movement. (Signed), JOHN LILWALI4 Hon. Sec. Officea, 33, Ludgate-hilL. HIE MJESTY>s TRIEATRE-d nAloni. Anxna, adam LlonIisa, Mdlle. Ruzzi; Teresa, M.darmo Grama; lvino, Signor CaLzoLari: .lesio. Signor Varro andCountRodolph Si'norBenentano. Tonclude with bale divertiseement,LE fAR SAON. nurdyetMy 22 (a SebecriptinNgt nle fStra.Ag 8.wl epr formed Douizetti's opera, La Favorita. Leonora, MadameAioni Iez. Madame Berti; Fernando, Si6nor Salviani (his first appearance; hMooao S or Beneventasuo;eanc" Bbaldarssasrae.igneor Bollhettz. lisereux, Katrine, Galby. Pienron, Rosa, and M1. Yaudris. ADPI;C3taonn for boxea and stalls to ho made at the box-office of the theatre, FNCOEIJt TH1EATRE,-Madame Ristori.-MIr.Gye ..E.J beB3 meot respctfully to announce that he has made an ce- ent wit,h the celebrated Italan tragidienne Madame tISTlII, Sogether with her Italian Dramatic Company, to give a series ot pcr ormancee at thg Lyc6um Theatre during the months of June ad uly. adac Ristori will make her irst appearance in London on WVednesday, June 4, The subscrption will ho for 1p performances-fuU partecuLus otfwhich will ho dul announced. IRURBY.LANE.-English Opera.-The unbounded applause with Chich Iossini's opera CINDERELLA, or The YaiIy and the little Glass SLpper. has been received inducs the Directors to announoo it for repetition every night until further notice: supported by Miss Fanny Iuddart, Mis Dyer, MIessrs. Henry Harztk Manvers. Durand. J. Halford. &oc~ To conclude with THEC WANICEE HOUSEKEEPER in whih 1Mrs Florence will slug the already remarkably attractive songs of "BRobbing around' and "F olly. 'wonCt you try me ohi' These wonderful American productions are 1rociferou3ly encored nightly by audiences cramned to the criling. ROYAL, H4AYILARKET.-THIS ~P~~~ING5 lthniht of the new comedy of THE EVIL E(the Evil Genius). BMr. Bucktone; ladyRlnawood Mis Reyold. After which, the renowned Spanih daner.Peee ena wth anulrerez and a complete Company of h °~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~f 9 g fi~~~~~~~~~~~~i EVnEhNorpIeNG in the briliatbaleent tomime ofE TAM. WINTO.S TEEich wLleon ded by g a reett Ares Keazee ded by THEBAGSIA ANro vIADHA. n whi r Bocatne il sstan is~riinl harctr nd iss Ta~vltytwl Bundy, inchs highandTh7 yewansod, wghoIl sincceMnnel Andolh I) GYAL PINbeSSe erMa V TH ATRe.Lk -n Tnlike WINTER'S TAL. LVeontes. by r. C.ri t,eand :Hermioe by M8s.- 0. ea. Precded b atE Iecond prc,anQdISHEDiu4ea. every ERvening:Mr. B. Webste mr. W ri an Badamrd. And elY p 3t S Robtail Berd Mrg C. S alyta M,adame EitY h RGNT RsVATELALAIS._ Foratu Dtthe BNMWrhT: Jof Junalr. GOGA. WEBSEdford.andM and Positively thte Last Night of Mr. Charles Dillon and of the Dramatic Seascu.-Mra. CharlIes Dillon. Mr. George Tedder. James Rogers, Mdlle. Cassier. MissJane CovcneY-,Mr. Geo. A. Webster,and Frutessor Andemonforthis night ouly. -Mr.Charles Dillon will apWoar sasClaudeAMelnotte in THE LADY OF LYONS, and Citazren Sangfroid ini DEEICATE GROUND (his first appearance in London inath-esecharacters). bMs.C. Dilon asPauline anidthe Citizen's Wife. Plrofessor Anderson as Wandering Steenle in the romantic Scottish d-=3n of THE ROSE OF ETTRICK VALIL-THIS EVENING (Sat'urday, Ma3y 17). Boxea, 2s. and 3s.;- pit, Is. . galler-', 6.1. ~ADLERs.WEL S..Engish Oera ori MNonday ~(~uax. May I-Unde th aaeentof 11r.HowardGClover.- in Eglan thee for yers).Musial Diectr,M. 2655 Mn. .~~~~~~~ ,~~~ "IA HER bAJTE'S THEATRE. 'Madame Albon.L TEIIS EVEN-MG (Saturda-y. May 17) will be performed Ro,,ini'S opera. IL BARByEERE Dl SIVIGLIA. Rosina Madame Alboni 5 ertha. Mdfe. ISerti; 11 Conte d'Almaviva, Signor Calzolari; Bartolo, Siguor Zuccomi; .aslijo. Sisnor BaiUlon: and Figaro, Signor Belletti. In theLesson SceneMadame Alboni will introduceHummel's Vari- tioni. To conclude with the successful ballet divertissement LE qtA1 rE BAISONS: by Mteedamee BeoUon, soachetti Lisereux, atrine. I'ierron* and 3L Vaurit=s. A$pplicationeor boxes sod stalls to to ad a~th bx-ofie f te hetre Clonade. Haymarket. ROYAL ITALTAN OPERA, LYCEUJM Third Appearance of Sio Mario TEIS EVE hING (Saturday. Mfayl7 be rfor; ed(for the third time thi.s eaon Donireti's celebrated opers. LUOREZIA JIORG. lucrezia Borgia, Madame Grii: Mafflo Orsini, .llle. Didile Don Alfonso. Signor onniGaea..ZegrRuigeo,Signor ISoldi; Gubetta, S Signor Gregonoa en lnao igoMno odutrM.Csa To conclude with the divertisement enttled LES HAMADRYADES PrEncipal characters by MdUea Eper, Genat, Conba, and Emma: Mr. Payne. and M.Dslacg. Coienea Thbxofice isnside 4b grand entac. tinder tphe trtlo. nWedUgton de. Centow make her fdst appearance this season on Tuesday next. DRIJPRY-LASE.-E.GBLISH OPERA. -T EVE SIG, Th ini's opera of CIN;DERELLA or. The Fairy and Litlte Glass SIipper. MMHaaFannyudart, Miss Dyer: Messrs lenry Haigh, Manaers, Durand, J. Halfrd, kc. To ccludewithTIHE YAEKEE HIOUSEIKEESPER. TEIEATRE OYAL, HAYMARlKET. Under the Management of Mr. Buckstone. TRISEVENING THE EVIL GENI-US. -If Buckstone,Comptn: . es Reynolds. Swanborough,&o. After which Senora erea Wena aud the Spanish Dancers. With GRELNMSAW, BAGSHAW. A-LD BRADSH&W. Concluding with TOM THUMB. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the Management of Mr. Charle3 Kean. THIS EVEMhNGwill be presentedTHZ VICTOR VAN.QUISHED. Afterwhich. ShakMre's play of TEE WN-TE'S TALE. Leontes, by Ir. C. Kean; Hermione. by Mm C. Kean. THEATRE ROYAL. ADELPHEL Proprietor. Mr. B. Webster: Directress. Madame Cele3te. TSlIS EVENING, LIKE AND UNLIKE: Me3srs. B. Webster. Wri-h', P. Bedford: Mesdames Celeate.Wyndhamn, &c. WVith utRGElfN-T P RVATE AFFAMflS: Me ss.Wright. P. Bedford; Misse3 A.Keeley, -Arden. &c And KY PRECIOUS BETSY: Mr.Wright. Commence at 7 ROYAL OLYMPIC THEEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Alfred Wigan. TEES EVENING. a new and original romantic drama, called METRIBUTION-: Messm A. Wigan. Emery. G. Vining. G. Murray. Zeaie; Mish Marston and Mmss Herbert. To conclude with STAY AT HOME: Meezrs.Emery and G. Vinig; issTernan and Mrs. Stirling. Commence at I part . ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Iesaees, Messrs. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EVENING. JACK S EPPARD. Jack Sheppard. Mrm. Keeley. Thames Darrell, Mr. C. A. Calvert. After which. YOUR LIFEUS IN DANGER. John Strong. Mr. Keeley. To conclude -with BESY BAKEIt Mr. Mouser. MIr. Keeley; Mr. Crummyn hXr. C. A. CalTert; Betsy Bal;er, Mrs. Keeley. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHTHEATRE Lessee and Manager, lr. William Cooke. THIS EVENIZG (sLxth time), an equestrian spectacle called TE MORSLE OF THE CAVERN; or, Tho Mounted Brigands of the Alrn= i Novel equestrian effects. The Scenes in the Circle (new -aeziesi. And Grand Tableau Equestre Finale. TO CORlRESPONDENTS. 'Oar readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5Id. is 4the price of a copy with the impressed stamp -2ffixed. Under the amended reg,ulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. -fo notIce can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not neeessarily for publication, but as a gurantee of his good faith. We caanot undertake to return rejected communications. -S hs puication of THE Tinzs commenced at 5 oclock yeaerday morning. and finished at 9.
ZONDON, SATURDAY, JfAY 17,1856. Towards the end of the middle ages, when --feudalism was dying out and arms became a profes- aion in place of an inheritance, the adventurers who had devoted their services to contending Powers employed their intervals of occasional leisure by embodying the res-ults of their experience in precepts, or by comparing them in discussion. The example has been partially imitated by some of the :,more peaceful combatants of modenm political war- -fare, who season the quietude of involuntary repose by a theoretical discussion of history, after they 'have ceased to be prominent actors in it themselves. Thus we have now-as we have had beforeLord J. RVSSELL refreshing h}mself ab Stroud after his repose from the labours of the Colonial and Foreign Offices witn a lecture on history; not, indeed, that of more modern times, in which he himself has borne a part, but that more general rnd comprehensive study which includes both the past and the present. Perhaps this divergence from the example set is wise; at all events, it is convenient, and Lord J. :RussELL may console himself with the reflection that it is constitutional. A lecture on the Vienna Congress or the "Present " State of Diplomacy in Europe" might be a more awkward topic to him who gave than uninteresting to them who heard the lecture, though whether his mode of handling it would render it more profitable is another question. Vhen a veteran statesman who has led the House of Commons, who has been Prime Binister, and who has almost exhausted the cycle of office, installs himaself as a gratuitous lecturer before the audience of a country town, the world expects that he will tell it something that it never heard before, or something that it has heard in an muntsual way. In this case we can hardly congratulate the ex-Premier on the novelty of his manner or his communications. We think we have heard before that HiRoDOvuS and TuvoyDIDES had few or no antecedent historians to consult, or MSS. to collate, or authorities to reconcile; that they wrote either from personal observation, or immediate tradition, or public report. But Lord JoHN has omitted to notice that the admissions of both regarding the prevalent misconceptions of facts the most recent, and the confu. sion of personages the most famous, have suggested the most curious comments on the sources and the value of historical testimony. Nor has he done | sufficient justice to that spirit of analysis which the writers of antiquity infused into the description of persons and events with wlich they were contemporary; a spirit not often caught by modern writers,who possess the advantage of many menoirs, histories, and discussions on the transactions which they narrate. Again, when availing himself of so wide a field as all history, to jump from Greece of the 5th century B.C. to Italy of the 11th century A.D., Lord Jon.,, we think, has omitt,d to tell the citizens of Stroad that in the first germ of Italian liberty there was a canker fated to destroy it, and that over the earliest achievements of Italian prowess there gathered the shadows of the early night in which its glory was to set. The jealousies of State against State, faction against faction, and family against family; the sanguinary cruelty with which one victorious city pursued its vanquished rival; the anarchy and the injustice which made a foreign Podesta a State necessity,-all these things point a moral which might have been inculcated with greater effect-viz., that the foundation of civil security is individual character, and that an aggregate of personal egotism or party licentiousness can never constitute a permanent nationality. Nor should Lord J. RussxLL have omitted this important lesson-viz., that the age which witnessed the greatest ferocity of petty States and petty factions also witnessed the greatest exhibition of the devotional sentiment as distinct from the religious principle-of that sentiment which proposes the worship of the DEiTr rather through the forms of a Fetish adoration than through the practice of i those virtues which reflect His goodness and bless Ilis creatures. A cause similar to that which produced the degradation of Italy might have been cited for the decline of Spain, with an additional element which need not have escaped a Vhig of the house of BEDFORD-TiZ., the narrow exclusiveness of its nobiEty, which neither enriched itself by the opulence of the wealthy, nor strengthened itself by the intelligence of the wvise, but intrenched itself in the contracted limits of a caste at once jealous of vulgar contact and incapable of popular sympathy. Of the American war Lord J. RUSSELL speaks as it has become the fashion for all to speak who have judged the contest after the issue. But he might have remembered that many great jurists, both before and since, have agreed as to the abstract right of the Imperial Parliament to tax an Impsrial colony; that BuRxE placed the conduct of the Home Government on its true footing when he condemned the inexpediency and impolicy of the taxation, rather than its unjust or despotic nature; and that the great errors of the Ministry consisted, first, in forgetting the origin and early training of the resisting colonists, and then in irritating that resistance into revolt. Any one who had read the early history of Massachusetts and of other colonies, and their continual conflicts against home authorities, ought to have foreseen that a struggle once begun by them against the Imperial Government must be of the bitterest and most obstinate kind, as no one should be surprised now that, the struggle being ended, a people so composed as they are should contain members who sedulously repeat the process of fostering hatred to England as a principle, a habit, and an " insti" tution." While we doubt whether Lord J. RusszEL has, or indeed in one lecture could have, done full justice to the theme which he has taken in hand, we will not censure or slight his useful essay; for, indeed, however performed, it is useful. Whatever diverts the attention of our town populations from the engrossing pursuit of wealth, or the agitation of petty contests or the ignoble bickerings of sectarianism, to the exercise of study and reflection, is so much gained to their moral health and dignity. And no study is so well calculated to raise their thoughts and improve their civil condition as that of history. Citizens of a free country, for whose benefit they are invested with great political powers, they cannot afford to disparage or dispense with the recorded teachings of past times. Thoughtful and reflective, and apt to turn meditation to a practical end, they are not likely to be seduced by false lights, or to be lost in the maze of false inductions. To them history can bring both amusement and instruction-amusement more lasting than the excitement of trashy fiction or rabid Iocal politics; instruction which wiu not weary by tediousness, or repel by want of purpose. They may read its details with varied interest and different impressions; but its general lesson will be the same on all thinking and dispassionate minds. History may not be now-perhaps never can be-a perfect science. It may not have recorded all those minlte circumstances which combine to makle the character and conduct of nations. It may not have revealed the mysterious conditions of race-the affinities or repulsions of blood-the modifying effects of climate. It may not have cxplained how one race may prosper and strengthenunder thefervent rays of that tropical sun which exhausts or emasculates another; it may not have demonstrated the conditions under which different stocks of the human family may, by amalgamation, produce another race equal or superior to themselves, nor those under which fusion ends only in degeneracy and decay. These points may hitherto have been unrecorded or disregarded. But still it has treasured momentous lessons traced in strong and living characters. It has taught, by the example of nations numbered with the dead, the vanity of material wealth or refined skdll without the accompaniments of national conscience and national courage. It points with emphatic gesture to the sands which bury the fragments of what once was Carthage, and the dank weeds which stagnate on the palatial steps of what still is Venice, as perpetual warnings against the cowardice which prefers national existence to honour, or the corruption which paliates its own infamy by the pretext of some more malignant vice. Pointing, also, with equal impressiveness to the glories which lie extinguished under the unseemly weight of Mussulman fanaticism, or blushing with a mock revival under the uncongenial pressure of a Bavarian despotism, and to the splendour of Italian liberty, so soon shrouded by the baleful presence of Austrian or Papal rule, it records its immortal protest against the factiousness which convulses and the self-seeking which betrays a nation. It tells of glory lost, shame courted, justice violated, goodness persecuted, for the gratification of avarice, vengeance, or ambition; and it records the doom of the ambitious or factious citizen in the fate which at one epoch stifled the inheritance of Eastern civilization, and at another eclipsed the dawning promise of Western freedom. In all its teachings 'it inculcates unmistakeably the doctrine that self| reliance and self-denial in the individual, preference of honour with labour to ease with indulgence, is the vital principle of a healthy commonweal. To those, therefore, who direct the attention of the people to such subjects-however they may illustratQ thogE subjecta by their elog.uence-is - due-no slight gratittde. Such gratitude is due to Lord J. R1ussFr, and those who imitate or excel him.
It is now six years sinee Central Amaerica became the subject of an important treaty between our Government and the United States, the objecc of which was to convert that isthmus into a channel- of communication between the two oceans, and thus to give an incalculable push to the commerce of the world. All nations were invited to join in that treaty, and to second England and the United States in neutralizing and securing the complete independence of a ship canal across thia Isthmus, which was thus to become one of the great thoroughfares of the world, and the common property of all -States and countries. Already commercial prophecy was active, and even the rigid and disputative " blue-book"rises to warmth and enthusiasm as it pictures the effect of this new junction of the two hemnispheres, not only upon the trade of the world at large, but upon the Central American isthmus itself, which would thus be brought ilto immediate contact with the commerce of the world, and gain a market for its goods which wouild equal any other on the high seas. Already, to the eye of the commercial prophet, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, and the other States of Central America were, under the sunshine of an active and peaceful commerce, growing into important and prosperous communities; and Greytown, at the mouth of the San Juan, the Atlantic, and of the new canal, rivalled the Hanseatic Cities of the Old World. A Hanseatic constitution was suggested for this port, as most agreeable to its situation., and to the relation in which it stood to this new commercial thoroughfare. A conipany was already formed for the construction of the new canal, and everything appeared to be in rapid progress. Six: years have elapsed since the adoption of the CLAYTON-BULWER Treaty, under the protection of which this new order of things was to arise; and now what is the condition of Central America ? We refer our readers to the accounts which we quote from the correspondents of the New YorkTimes, the Neo Orteans Delta, and other United States journals. Central America is a scene of confusion, anarchy, and bloodshed. Two hostile States, Costa Rica and Nicaragua, arrayed against each other upon somepetty dispute about territory, are fighting upon a principle of mutual extermination; butcheries which disgrace humanity are the order of the day, and the Isthmus exhibits war in its worst horrors, disengaged from the restraints of the military code, and abandoned to savage excsses and simple barbarism. An American, General WAZx, has possessed himself of the Nicaraguan government, not, it would appear, without protest from the native authorities, and wields its name and authority. He has invaded Costa Rica with an army composed principally of American citizens, and has, it appears, lately suffered some signal reverse. The Costa Ricans take advantage of their success to retaliate fearfully. After the battle of Santa Rosa, in which 127 men on WALKER's side were shot " in three minutes," WALKER " Withdrew his troops from Virgin Bay, and San Juan del Sur when the enemy marched into the abandoned towns. . . . e took the back track, and was just in time the following morning to see tlhe inhabitants he auud abandoned shot in the streets, and the village reduced to ashes. . . . When he saw the burning of the nezu pier at Virgin Bay, and was informed of the murder of the peaceable citizens by one who had miraculously escaped, he directed his course to Granada, a distance of 55 miles, and, disembarking his men, commenced a march on Rivas with 600 men. These 55 miles were accomplished at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 11th, and, withoat even halting, the order toattack was given while the enemywere drawing up on the Plaza to receive them. It is trme the Americans fought bravely for near 12 hours, but, as might be expected under such circumstances, the highest glory they could achieve was to prolong the fight till the darkness should cover their retreat; and they once more returned to Granada, leaving 15=of their comrades in their dying agonies, to be coinmitted to the earth by their enemies." The American Minister protests, in a letter to the President of the Nicaraguan Republic, against "the acts of murdering in cold blood unarmed "American citizens," adding- "Rumours have also reached me that some 14 or 1l American citizens, four ladies (one with, an infant), icei recently murdered by your troops at Virgin Bay. I am slow to believe so diabolical an outrage." Two letters in the New Orleans Delta-one " From a Man who wasn't Shot," the other " From a Man who was Shot,"-confirm the ac- counts of these horrors. The former says:- I " The situation of Walker is critical. Costa Rica has sent 3,000 men against him, and Iaam a good wcitness that these soldiersffight like tigers. From Honduras there are now 1,000 men near the frontier of Nicaragua. From San Salvador on the 14th of this month there marched 2,000 men, and at I the same time 3,000 or 4,000 are coming from Guiatemala. The natural result of this will doubtless be the complete overthrow of WaLker in a very short time." The latter, a prisoner of war, writes just before his ! execution :- " At this very moment we are receiving the last exhorta. tions of the Costa Rica-a priests. It is now 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and at 4 we are to suffer the penalty of death. God have mercy upon us !"I According to some accounts General WALKElt was recovering from these reverses "With a force of six hundred lie has put to the rout two thousand Costa Ricans, and is nowo at the head of an *army of twentyf ive hundred men, one thousand of w7io7n are Amercans. The Xicaraguians, instead of taking advantage of his late reverse to revolt from his rule, have, it would seem, yielded himn their effective support; and the neigh- | bouring republics of Honduras, San Salvador, and Guate- mala have received his commissioners in a friendly manner, i and relinquished aU design of joining in the war against him. If this is indeed the real condition of affairs, it is hard to doubt that Walker will, if he lives, hold his ground in Central America, and, at last, bring our Government to the necessity of recognizing his administration." Now, who is responsible for this deplorable state of things in Central America-for this reign of i anarchy, horror, and blood, in the place of that smiling commerce and peaceful prosperity which the j framers of the CTAYTo.--BuLwLm Treaty contem- I plated for these States ? Certainly we are not. We have done everything in our power to fulfil the promise of that treaty, and secure the great cornmercial object which it had in view, and which, if gained, would, besides the advantage to the trade of the world, have given peace and pros. | perity to these States. We have been ready to make every concession. Was oiur Mosquito Pro-.| tectorate objected to as interfering wi* the perfect neutrality and independence of the newv passage across the Isthmus? We professed oluselves ready to give it up, as soon as ever the safetyof those Indians,! to whom our honour was pledged, could be obtained by any other arrangement. Lord PAlSAxLoN, Lord MALxFsR2r :Y, Lord JoHN RussELL, over and over again made this proposal. Lord CLAMTDON no sooner came into office than he repeated and urged on the American Government a final settlement of this question. WVe have done all we could to make the CLsA'rox-BuLwx s Treaty work, but American jealousy has interfered with thle fair operation of this treaty, and, instead of giving it its designed use, has only treated it as a material out of which to extract claims tendinog to British loss and humiliation. The United States have looked at that treaty in one point of viewZ-viz., how much they could make us kise by it; how much British territory they could, by any pretence, fair or unfair, bring undOr the prohibitory clause of that treaty-tbe clause which forbids our occupying any part of tUentral America. -That is the one aspect in whitll the United Statea' Government has viewed this treaty.--an aspect wholly opposed to the fair, wide, universal, qom- mercial object for which that treaty was framed, and one simply suggested by national jealousy and self-aggrandizement. The treaty has thus been wholly diverted from its original design, and that design, consequently, remains unfulfilled. One of the two parties who were concerned in it has ceased to attend to it, preferring its own private national objects to the commerce of the world, and, in the disunion of the two great Governments, the petty States of Central America, left to themselves and to their own guidance, fall back upon their old territorial feuds and constitutional confusion.
It seems that we are never to be indulged with a sPell of tranquillity within and without. Scarcely had we done with the foreign foe than a set of internal enemies started up within the heart of the capital, and we are once more delivered over to anxiety and alarm. If we have no longer to fear for the lives of our friends in the Crimea, the apprehension must now be for ourselves and for our -property. Stones in place of shells, and bludgeons in place of sabres, will, according to all appearance, play their part; and to-morrow, unless the people be better advised, we have to apprehend a repetition of the dismal follies of last year. We have received a numuber of placards of an inflammatory character, in which it is recommended that the people should assemble as usual in the Parks. Nothing more is said, although everything is implied. "Little birds" in melodious whisper have informed the authors of these proclamations that "the people will be the " stronger," &c. Now, it is needless to say what the end of this will be. There wil be a great I assemblage in the Parks, especially in Hyde Parjk. The thieves and vagabonds of London will introduce themselves among the honest and respectable portion of the population. A disturbance will follow. There wMil be rows, and conflicts with the police, until at length even the persons who wish best to the cause forwhich the people are contending wiU be compelled to admit that it is better the Sabbatarians should enjoy their unlucky triumph over common sense than that the town should be given over to riot and disorder. One would have thought, that the experience of last year would have satisfied even the more advanced of this party that the attempt to impose the Edinburgh Sabbath upon London was not Ekely to be crowned with any very remarkable success, but the feeling of disgust at the bigotry of the men who would interfere with the reasonable liberty and enjoyments of their fellow-subjects wil be 'ncreased a hundredfold by the consequences of any riot, be they what they may. Having said thus much, we wil venture to offer a few words of the most serious and earnest advice to our fellow-subjects and fellow-townsmen. There must not be any riot or disturoance in the Parks or elsewhere to-morrow. Every respectable person who may find himself at any of t'nese places must reckon himself as a special constable there present to maintain, not to violate, order. There is nothing the fanatical party so eagerly and intensely desire as a violation of the peace, and in this hope they must not be gratified. It will be highly to the honour of the Londoners if any thief or vagabond who endeavours to cause confusion in the Parks to-morrow be instantly collared by the bystanders, and handed over to the custody of the police. Above al, there must be no attack upon the constables, who are there for the maintenance of order, and who must do their duty, at all events. We say again, most emphatically, we trust the Londoners will not give to the bigots that triumph which they seek. The cause of Exeter-haU must not for a moment be identified with the cause of law aud order. It is not with stones or bludgeons that this battle nust be fought, but quite in another way. The reason why the Exeter-hall Faldrs have triumphed is that they have had an organization, where the people have had none. This has been the triumph of a theological phalan overaamoboflaymen. As to theParks, the Exeter-hall people signed, but didn't go; the Park people went, but didn't sign. Which is the greatest proof of conviction? The Exeterhall people have a perfect organization, always ready for any emergency. They have in their own sense carried out Sir RonuznT PEE's direction" Register, register, register !" Wi,hat wonder that at any given moment they clear the Parliamentary field before them, and astonish their fellowsubjects with the spectacle and results of their union and intolerance ? This contest must be decided in a peaceful way, or it wmill be decided to the disadvantage of the people. There is an additional reason why we earnestly deprecate riot or confusion to-morrow. Next week Parliament will be sitting, and there wil be an opportunity of putting questions to the Minister, which may, as we trust, lead to a peaceful solution of the difficulty., This week, unfortunately, there has been no possibility of dealing with the question in this manner. Now, we would have our fellow-townsmen consider how entirely they will strengthen the hands of their enemies if they put it in their power to say -" The public peace has been violated. Order " must be maintained. The populace out of doors "must not be suffered to trample upon law and "authority, or where is the end to be ?" At the same time we will add, that it will be the fault of the people if they do not carry their point. They aust unite and petition, as their opponents have united and petitioned, and then, no doubt, the authority of the majority will prevail. We think we can promise the aid of well nigh every respectable journal in the kingdom, if order be preserved-not otherwise. Let the people do their part as we will do ours, and we have little fear of the result.
COUBT CIRCULAB, OSBORNE, MtAI 16. Lieutenant-Colonel'Jeffreys, commanding the Depot Battalin at Parkhurst, had the honour of dining with Her Maiesty yesterday. Viscount Palmerston arrived in town vith Viscountess Palmerston yesterday evening from his seat, Broadlands, irants. Despatches for the Governor of Canada and also for the Governors of the West India colonies were sent last eveni-g from the Colonial-office.
- Weregret tolearnthatLord AdolphusFitzclarence has been seized with another paralytic attack, at Sir: George Wombwell's seat, in Yorkshire. The attack, which was a very serious one, occurred onThursday_ It was currently reported last night in London that intelligence of its fatal terminatitn had: been: received. Some of the Calcutta and Bombay papers brought I by the last mail state distinctly that orders have been sent out to India for the annexation of Eyderabad, in the Deccan, as soon as the Oude arrangements are complete. The date of the despatch of the Court of Directors, with all its details, is given by the Calcutta Citizen, and quoted, with acceptance, by the Bombay Times. The cir.cumstantiality of. the story will probably obtain for it general credence in India; but we are enabled to state, upon the best possible authority, that no such despatch has ever emanated from the Court of Directors, and that there is no truth in the entire story. It is also stated with much confidence in the BomlDay papers that the preliminary steps have already been taken towards the absorption of Baroda. We are autho. rized to state that no such rmegaiure has ever been ordered, or even contemplated and that this story is as destitute of foundatioun a the other. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the seeond half of a Bank of England note for if, (mar3ked I-Y j,324), for inoome-tax, frnT '1)C. PW"
LATEST -INTEGENCE. i (NY H83AR1Z .*x Z=LSH TLGP.APH.) THE EAST. We have received the following telegraphic deptch from our Vienna correspondent:- "Ad "VIENNA, THURSDAY E%-vxsn, 3LDy 15. Advices have been received here from Constantinople to the 9th inst. "Energetic measures had been taken to suppress fanatical outbreaks in the provinces. "' A Turkish army, under Omar Pasha's command, will be divided into flying columns. "Several large French barracks at Douad Pasha have been burnt down. " Accounts from Anapa of the 29th of April say that hostilities have recommenced between the Russians and Circassians."1
SOUTH AMBRICA. SOUT A PTOrZo, XAY '. By the Royal Mail steamship Avon, Captain Revett, with the Brazilian mails, in charge of Lieutenant Pearson, R.-N., Admraiilty agent, we have dates fromBuenes Ayres, April3; Montevideo, 6; Rio Janeiro, 15; Bahia, 19; Pernambuco, 22; St. Vincent's, MIay 1; Teneriffe, 6; Madeira, 8; Lisbon, 12. The Avon brings 145 passengers, -among whom are Mr. R. Callander, Her Majesty's consul for St. Catharine's, and family, from Rio; and Mr. W. Vredenbergh, Herl Majesty's vice-consul for Paraiba, from Pernambuco. On freight there is specie valued at 6,5421., and one package of golddust, value not stated, 43,0001. value in diamonds, and a cargo consisting of 133 bags of cochineal, 10 barrels of tapioca, 2 serons of ipecacuanha, 3 auarter-caks of wine, Land 132 packages of sundries. IDuming the homewardvoyage the Avon experienced very strong headwinds. WVhile leaving Lisbon she saw the Royal Mail steamer Tay, with the outward Bzrazil mails. Intelligence from Buenos Ayres is to the 3d inst. Otur correspondent, 'writing on that date, says:- "Sincethe arrivaloftheSouthamptonmailbusiness in coumtry produce has been completely paralyzed, and is likely to continue so until we have further news respecting the pending negotiations. Upon the whole our situation, present and prospective, internal and external, is farfrom flatteringor enviable. A serious question has arisen between the Government of Paraguay and the French Consul respecting the treatment of a colony of French settlers, and we fear we may have some difficulties with our own Italian colony at Patagones." In commercial matters, the British Paccket says that the general market of Buenos Ayres presented a more animated and healthy aspect, and confidence was once more in the ascendant. Payments also were more punctuaL The importations during the month had been very small, but the stocks on hand were superabundant. In articles of daily consumption there appeared to be a general scarcity, although an inventory of the deposit stores would, it was suspected, lead to a diffierent conclusion. The arrivals compared with those of the preceding months were very small, but the stocks accumulated were suflicient to meet the demand. Common Spanish wines were abundant, and difficulttoberealized atredutced prices; those of superior quality were scarce and in better demand. Yerba and tobacco had also declined in price. Sugar, rice, coffee, and tea minaintamed high prices. Coals, lumber, and building materials in general were plentiful and in languid demand, with little prospect of improvement. In exports, with the exception of wool and jerked beef,. the stocks on hand were barely adequate to meet pending contracts. The news from England of a probable termination of the war had deranged all calculations, and a temporary suspension of saladero operations appeared not unlikely. ln the money-market exchange on Enngland was quoted-highest, 66; lowest, 65. The following British vessels were at Buenos Ayres on the 27th of March:- The 7 de Marzo, Crusader, Onda, John Eillman, Anm Best, Julia, Kathleen, Ilidia, Kyle, Ocean Sprite, Prince Woronzoff, Isabella, HIelenla, V7ictory, Cimbria, Antelope, Water WYitch, Anne WorraUl, Favourite, Duna, Evangelist, Summer Cloud, Fortuna,Caroline Chisholm, Velocidade. Our dates from Rio are to the 15th -lt. The affairs pending between Brazil and Paraguay had terminated. The plenipotentiary of that Republic had signed a treaty of navigation and commerce with the empire. This treaty opens the navigation of the Paraguay river as far as the province of Matt Grosso, one of the richest in the Brazils. This will form a new emporium for colonization and commerce, the development of which has, until now, been almost entirely prevented for want of proper arrangements. A ca-rgo of 300 Chinese immigrants which arrived at Rio last month from Whampoa had met with very little notice, it being in accordance with public opinion to object to any race of immigrants which is considered a little civilized. The markets;, especially in coffee, had been very inactive. The news received by the Avon, being considered unfavourable, had not infuenced either in favour Df the exporters or of the coffee dealers. The latter, however, maintained their prices. Little coffee had arrived in the market, which was attributable not only to the bad condition of the roads, but to the actual want of slave labour, which was daily decreasing. This fact would, it was Feared, prove that the quantity of coffee supposed to be in the interior did not exist. A large crop bad been calculated upon, but very little had yet been exhibited. The sales which -were made from the 1st to the 14th ult. were 15,200 bags; stock, i'5,000. The quotations for washed rangeed from i,600 to 6,200; superior, 5,400 to 5,600; first good, 5,000 to 5,200; first ordinary, 4,800 to 4,900; -econd good, 4,400 to 4,600; second ordinary, 3,700 to 4,000. Exchange on London was quoted at 2Th to 27k; France, 348 to 352; Hamburg, 652. Stock, Six: per Cent., 106to 107; Provincial, 100k to 103k. Freights.-To London and Liverpool, 40s. to 45s.; Antwerp, 50s.; Channel, 50s. to 55s.; Hamburg, 5Os.; Havre, 40f.; Mediterranean, 50s. to 55s.; United States, 70c. to 90c. The following British merchant vessels were at Rio :-The Homely, Christopher Newton, Markwell, Aurora, Clymene, Eclipse, Windermere, Valleylield, CNonquest, Helvellyn, Courier, Hugh Ballment, Prince, Larissa, James Stewart, Alarmn, Sebastian, and Panama. A circular thus describes the state of the coffeemarket at Rio since our last advices:- "Daring theinterval fromthe 15th,dateof the departu of last steamer, up to the 2Md ult., 31,000 bags were sold at - -- -- - - )mbv - u fu iVw aL oin Tue sower descriptions. The receipt of very recent and favourable advices from the American Union, sating that prices had not only remained ver firm, but even slightly advanced, although sto&ls were lrge in tho seaports, and notwith. standing a severe winter having for a length of time intercepted all river communication with the interior, caused the market to become very active towards the close of last month, 90,000 bags having been sold from the 23d to the 31st, at gradually advancing prices importing a recovery to their previous value. The tritling amoun' of transactions for Europe for several monthspast w-asnot likely to meet with any increase be. E ore a material decline takes place here, which, however, is doubtful so long as prices are upheld in the United States. The advicea received by this conveyance of laige stocks and receding prices in Europe will necessarily act as an additional check to oprations for that quarter, tempting as may betheproepects or improvement in the markets, owing to the great falling off in the clearances thither during the past nine months, which is upwards of 24,000 tons as compared with those from the Ist of July, 1854, to the 31st of Ibrch, 18.55. 'This month, so far, very little has been done, the sales being only 15,000 bags. E all since last steamer they reach to 13G,000 bags, of which 77,0D0 for the United States, 37,000 for the noxth of Europe, 17,000 for the 3tediterranean, and 4,000 for the Cape of Good Hope. "The supplies have lately been but moderate. Stock, 80,000 bags. "In last monthwerecleared-101,886 bags for the United States (against 112,413 in March, 1855), 3,700 for the Channel, 1,604 for England, 3,430 for Hamburg, 3,016 for Havre, 8,238 for Sweden, 7,730 for Gibraltar, 7,352 for Marseiles, 3,000 for Consantinople, 375 for Portugal, 3,200 for the Cape of Good Rope, 683 for the Elver Plate - in aU 144,30 bags. I n last month were sbipped-163,925 bags of coffee (against 209,084 in Mfarch, 1855), 239 cases, 2 boxes, 120 barrels,k4bags3sugar; 16,557hides,200 tanned half hides, 22,520 ox and cow horns, 857 rols tobacco, -39 ba3s rice, 517 barrels tapioca, 1,020 planks Jacararnda 17,7921b. ipecacuanli. At Bahia about 100 bales of cotton bxd changed hands at 5,400 reis per arroba for Pougal, bUt no tranmactions of importance had otherwiset pired, and quotations were almost nominauL n sugar purchases for the Swedoh market were effected at 3,300 per arroba for lwhites, and 2,550 for browns. Owmng to vessels on the berth Lhaving completed i their cargoes there 'asa momentary stoppage in I transactions for whites; for browns there was a fair demand at 2,400 per arroba for Superiors; 2,300 for regular, and 2,200 per arroba for ordinary sugar3 and several sales had been effected. Supples of coffee from the interior had nearly ceased; from Caravellas there had been received about two mil. arrobas, mostly ordinary qualities, which were sold by public auction at 5,000 to 5,050 per arroba for washed; 4,900 unwashed flrst3; 4,60 to 4,750 seconds; 4,100 to 4,40( ordinary, and 1,100 to 3,800perarroba for triage. There was less inquiryforhides, and prices were declining. Rum was without alteration. Tapioca in brisk demand. In freights, -with the exception of a charter for Bremen direct at 60s. per ton for tobacco, without obligation to give ballast nothing had tramnxired. Exchange had gradually settled down to 27V per mil., at which rate consider. able transactions were effected. The Bernza, from Liverpool, and the British ships IKetherton rnd Ann Laurie were at Bahia. The Nimrod had sailed for London with the cargo she took out. packages, enough forl2 months' consumption. The following British merchant vessels were at Pernambuco --The Imogene, Jane Clark, Canilla, Partisan, Janet Pitblade, Bonita, Ithuriel, Belle, Titania, Volant, Eliz3, S. Anne. At Pernamnbuco the prices of cotton had increased about 11 per cent.; the reason attributable to the rise was, that chartered vessels in the port, havin to receive cargo, and but few days left, had obliged their consignees tobuy severalsmall lots held on hand wi.th a limit. In reference to sugar a circular says:- "¢The estimatedsbortness of the crops of Brazilthis season is from 20.000 to 25,000 tons, owing to the cholera having carried off between a fourth to a fifth art of the slave population, and it is more than probable that the decrease in the forthcoming crop will be more than double that of the present, notalone on account of theplanters beingshorthanded, owing to the deaths of so great anumber of their slaves, bat also owing to no work having been done for the last two or three months by those slaves that escaped; and there is but little preparation made towards the new crop. For these reasons, although the news from Europe has been of a most unfavourable nature for this article, the prices here have advanced from 200 to 400 rupee per arroba ; the entries have 'been a little better lately, being, since our last, 28.2D0 bags and 73.330 bags during the month since the sailing of the last steamer, viz., 33,145 bags by land, and 40,185 bags by water.-Paaba!'s. very little exists in this port, and sales have been small at 2400 and 2jOOreis per arroba, f.o.b. ; the crop is considered at an end." Rides had declined about 14 per cent during tho month. Very little had been done in freights. Exchange, which opened at 27d., had increased to 271 and 27s for cash and credit. The total amouut for the month was about 65,0001., of which 18,0001. was quoted at 27', 8,0001. at 271, and about 37,0001. at 27-1,, at 60 days' sight. The bank rate for discounts throughout the month was 10 per cent. per annum for six months' bills; outof doors, 12 to 15 per cent. Money was scarce. In inports the demand continued flat, and owing to heavy arrivals and a limited consumption, prices had declined. Recoveries were very back-ward, and many shopkeepers were unable to meet their engagements. The stockl on hand was estimated at about 10,000 Cholera and yellow fever were prevalent at Rio, particularly among the shipping; also at Bahia. At Pernambuco it was on the decrease. St. Vincent's, Teneriffe, and Madeira are reported healthy. The following are the stations of the ships of war: -At Buenos Ayres, the French steamer Flambeaux; at Montevideo, Her Majesty's ship Star; French brig Beaumanoir, United States' corvette Germantown; at Rio, Ier Majesty's ships Madagascar, Express, and Rifleman. The Phantomn sailed for England on the 11th ult.; Her MIajesty's ship Spy also left for Bahia on the 13th of April. The FrenchF 50-gun frigate Poursuivante and corvette Thisbe were at Rio. At Bahia Her Majesty's ship Syren.
THE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT RUGELEY. TRIAL OF W. PALMER. CENTRAL CRDHfNPAL COURT, MAY 10. 1:1te court was quite as full at the commencement of the Proceedirgs this morning as it had been upon either of the pteceding days. The Earl of Derby, Earl Grey, and other noble lords were again present. The jury took their seats shortly before 10 o'clock. The learned Judges, L,ord Chief Justice Campbell, Mr. Baron Nlderson, :nd MEr. Justice Cresswell, soon afterwards entered the court, accompanied by the Recorder and SheriTi, and the prisoner Was then placed at the bar. He appeared rather more anxious than on the two previous days, but was still calm and collected, and paid the greatest attention to the evidence. Counsel for the Crown :-The Attorney-General, MIr. L. James, Q.C., Mr. Bodkin, Mr. Welsby, and Mr. Hud. dieston; forthe prisoner :-Mr. Serjeant Shee, hlr. Grove, 4.Ca, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Kenealy. The next witness for the prosecation was Charles Joseph P;oberts, examlined by Mr. E. JAIES.-In November last I was apprentice to Mr. Hawkins, a druggist, at Rugeley. I know Palner. On Tuesday, November the 20th, between 11 and 12 in the day, he came into Mr. Hawkins's shop. He fast asked for two drams of prussic acid, for which he had brought a bottle. Iwas putting it up when Newton, the assistant of Salt, came in. Palmer told himn he wanted to speak to him, and they went out of the shop together. I then saw Brasington, the cooper, take Newton away from Palmer, and enter into conversation with him. Pahner then came back into the shop and asked me for six grains of strychnine and two drams of Batley's solution of opium (commonly called " Batley's sedative"). I had put up the prussic acid, which was lying upon the counter. He stood at the counter when he ordered the things, and while I -was preparing them behind the counter he stood at the shop door, vith his back to me, looking into the street. I was about five minutes preparing them. He stoed at the door tiU they were ready, when I delivered them to himthe prussic acid inthe bottle ho had brought, the strychnine in a paper, and the opium in a bottle. He paid me for them and took them away. No one else was in the shop from the time when Palmner and Newton went out till I 'delivered the things to him. When Palner had left Woewton -cane in, and we adsome conversation. Ihad at that time been six years in Mr. Hawkins's employment. Palmer had mot bought any drugs at the shop for about two years. I 1now Thirlby, Palmer's assistant. Ife had started a shop about two years before. By Lord CA3rnBxnL.-Thirlby was carrying on business :. a druggist at the time. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant SIIEE.-I did not make entries of any of these things in the books. Re-examined.-When articles are paid for across the counter I am niot in the habit of makdng entries of them in the books. The ATorro y-GEsxR2L stated that Dr. Bamford was seriously ill, and unable to attend, but his depositions would beread. hir. William Stevens, examined by the ATToxEx,Er-GENELkL.-I have been a merchant in the city, but am now out of business. Was stepfather to the deceased Mr. 'Cook. I married his father's widow 15 (or 18) years ago, and have known him intimately ever since. I was made executor to his grandfather's will. I was always on friendly terms with him, and constantly had the care oE him. He had property worth altogether about 12,0001. He -was articled to a solicitor at Worthing, in Sussex, but he did not folow the profession. He had been connected with -the turf about three or four years-perhaps not so much. I -did everything inx my power to withdraw hiia from that pursuit. Lord CUIrPsELL.-Bat you still remained on friendly terms? Witness.-On affectionate terms. The last time I saw him alive was at the station at Euston-square, about 2 on gthe afternoon of the 5th of November. I think he told me he was going to Rugeley, but I am not quite sure; he looked better than I had seen him for a very long time. I was so gratified that I said, "M My boy, you look very well -siow; you don't look anything of an invalid." He said he was quite well, and struck himself on the chest. I think he 3dded he should be quite right if he was happy. In point of appearance he was not a robust man. His complexion waspale. Daring-the previouswinterhehadhad a sore throat for some months. I first heard of his death on the evening oe Wednesday, November 2L Mir. Jones, of Lutterworth, I ,called at my house and informed me of it. The next day I went down to Lutterworth with Mr. Jones for the purpose -of searching for the will and papers. The day after I went -to Rugeley. I arrived between 12 and 1. I asked to see the body when I got to the inn. I met Palmer in the passage. I had seen him once before, and Mr. Jones introduced me to him. He folowed us upstairs to see the body, and removed the sheet from it to rather below the waist. I was -much struck with its appearance. I first noticed the tightness of the muscles across the face. There did not appear to me to be any emaciation or disease. We all went down -stairs to one of the sitting rooms. In a short time I said to PIer, "I hear from Mr. Jones that yoe know -something of my son's affairs. Can you tell me anything nbout them 1" He replied, "Yes; there are 4,000!. worth of bills out of his, and I am sorry to say my name is to them; but I have got a paper drawn up by a lawyer and signed by him to show that I never had any money from them." I expressed great surprise at this, and said, "I fear there won't be 4,000 shillings to pay you." " But," I asked, " had he no horses, no property 1" Palmer re- lied, " Yes, he has some horses, but they are mortgaged." I said, " Has he no sporting bets, nor anything of that sort-2" He mentioned one debt of 3001. I wvould rather not state the name of the person who owed it. It is a relation of his, not a sportin- gentleman. (The witness wrote dowin the name and handed it to the counsel on both sides and the Judges). Lord CA.MPBELL.-The name is immateriaL Examnination continued.-Palmer said he did not know of -nny other debt. I said I thought his sporting creditors would have to take his sporting effects, as I should have nothing to dov ith them. I added, "Well, whether he has left anything or not, poor fellow, he must be buried." Palmer immediately said, "1 Oh! I'll bury him myselF, if that's all." I said, " I certainly can't think of your doing I that; I shall do it." Cook's brother-in-law, who had come to meet me, was then present, and expressed a great wish to be allowed to bury him. Isaid, "No; as his executor, I -shall take care of that. I cannot have the funeral immediately, because I intend to bury him in London, in his mother's grave. I shall be sorry to inconvenience the peo- le here at the inn, but I will get it done as soon as possmVle." Palmer said, " Oh! that's of no consequence, but the body ought to be fastened up at once." He repeated that observation-" So long as the body is fastened up, it is of no consequence." While I was talking to Cook's brother-in-law Palmer and Jones left the room. They returned in about half an hour. I then asked Palmer for the name of some respectable undertaker at Rugeley, that I might at once order a coffin and give directions. He said, "I have been and done that. I have ordered a shell and strong oak coffin." I expressed my surprise. I said, " I did not give you any authority to do so, but I must see the undertaker to let him have my instructions." I think he told me the name of the undertaker. I ordered dinner for myself, my son-inlaw, and Jones, and I asked Palmer to come in. We all dined together at the inn, at about 3. I was going back to london that afternoon. -After dinner, Palmer being still present, I desired Mr. Jones to he so good as togo upstairs and get me Cook's betting-book, or pocket-book, or books or papers that might be there. Iiad seen him with a betting- ook-a smal one with clasps. Mr. Jones then left the zoom, and Palm-er followed him. They were away 10 minutes. Mr. Jones said, on their return, "I am very sorry to say I can't find any betting-book or papers." I exclaimed, " No betting-book, Mr. Jones ' Turning towards Palmer, I said, "How isthis?'I Palmer said," Oh, itisnomannerof use if yout indit." Isaid, "No use Sir! I am the best judge of that." He again said, " It is of no manner of use." I said, "I am told it is of use. I understand mv son won a great deal of nioney at Shrewsbury, and I oght to know somethiiie" about it." He replied, " It is of no use, I assure you. WVhen a man dies his bets are done with. Besides, Cook received the greater part of his money on the course at Shre%%sbury." I said, -' Very well, the book ought to be found, and must be found." Palmer then said, in a quieter tone, " It will be found, no doubt." I again said, *' Sir, it shall be found." I then went to the door, and, calling to the housekeeper, I desired that everything in the bedroom should be locked up, and nothing touched until I returned or sent somc one. Before leaving I went uostairs to takc a last look at the body. Somae servants were Mn the room, turing over the bed-clothes, and also the underaker. ± had given im instructions before dinner to place the body in the coffin. He was standin" by the side of the shelL The body w as in it, uncovered. I ?cnelt down by the side of the shell, and, taking the right hand of the corpse, I found it clinched. I looked across the body, and sawthat the left hand was clinched in the same manner. I returned to town and communicated next morning with my solicitor, who gave me a letter to Mr. Gardner, of Rugeley. I returned to Itugeley, where I arrived at S o'clock next evening (Saturday). I started from Euston-square at 2 o'clock, and on the platform I met Palmer. He said he had received a telegraphic messsage summoning him to London after I had left ,ugeley. I asked him where Cook's horses were kept. Ho told me at Eddisford, near Rug-eley, and Eaid he would drive me out there if I wished. When I got to Wolverton, where the train stops, I saw him again in the refreshment-room. I said, "M,r. Palmer, this is a -very maelancholy thing, the death of my poor son. happening so suddenly; I think, for the sake of his brother and sister, who are somewhat delicate, it might be desirable for his medical friends to k-now what his complaints were." Cook had a sister and half-brother. Palmer repEed, "That can be done very well." The bell then rang, and we went to our seats. He travelled in a different carrisge till we reached Rugby, where I saw him gain in the refreshment-room. I said, "M 3r. Palmer, as I ive at a distance, I think I ought to ask a solicitor at Rugeley to look after my interest.' He said, "Oh, yes; you niht do that. Do you know any solicitorP" I said, " o." I then got some refreshment, and went back to my cariage; I found Palmer sitting there. I had no conversation with him before wereachedl Rugeley, bat continued talking to a lady and gentleman with whom I had been conversing since I left town After we arrived at Bugeley Palmuer said, "Do you know any solicitor here " I said, "sNo, I don't, I am a perfect stranger." He said, " I know them al intimately, ahd I can introduce you, to one. When I get home I must have a cup of coffee, and I will then come over and tke you all about." I thanked him, as I had done once or twice before, and said I wouldn't trouble himn. He repeated his offer. Altering my tone and manner, I said, "M Mr. Palmer, if I should cal in a solicitor to give me advice, I suppose you will have no objection to answer any question he may put to you." I altered niy tone purpose y; I looked steadily at bins but, although the moon was shining, I could not see his features distinctly. Ee said, with a spasmodic convulsion of the throat which was perfectly apparent, "Oh no, certainly not." At Wolverton I had purposely mentioned my desire that there should be a post mortem examination, and I ought to say that he was quite calm when I mentioned it. After I asked him that question there was a pause for three or four minutes. Ee then again proposed to come over to me after he had had his coffee, and I again begged he would not trouble hiniself. I went to blr. Gardner and then came back to the inn. Palmer came to me and began to talk about the bils. He said. " It is a very unpleasant affair for me." I said, "I think it right to tell you that since I saw you I have had rather a different account of Mr. Cook's affairs." Hle said, "Oh, indeed! I hope, at any rate, they will be settled pleasantly." I said, "His affairs can only be settled in a Court of Chancery." He asked me what friends Mr. Cook visited in the neighliourhood of London. I said, "Several." The next day (Sunday) I saw him a-gain, between 5 and 6 in the evening. le said, " You were talking of going to Eddisford. If I were you. I would not take a solicitor with me there." I said, "Why not? I shaU use my own judgment." Later in the evening he came again to my room, holding a piece of Paper as if he wished to give it me. I went on with my writing, and said, "Pray, who is Mr. Smith 9" He repeated "Mr. Smith"twoorthreetimes, andI said, "I mean a Mr. Smith who sat up with my son one night." He said, "He isa solicitor in the town." I asked if he wvas in practice. He replied, " Yes." I said, " I ask you the question because, as the batting-book is lost, I should wish to knowf who has been with the young man." After a pause, Isaid, "Did you attend my son in a medical capacity i" He said, " Oh dear, no." I said, " I ask you, because I am determined to have his body examined; and if you had attended him professionally I suppose the gentleman I shall call in would think it proper that you should be present." lHe asked who was to perform the examination. Isaid, "I cannot say. I shall not know myself until tomorrow. I think it right to teU you of it; but whether you are present at it or not is a matter of indifference to me."1 On the Friday, when Palmer gaveorders for the shell, did you perceive any sign of decomposition in the body, or anythIng which would render its immediate enclosure necessary? -On the contrary, the body did not look to me like a dead body. I was surprised at its appearance. Cross-examinea by Mr. Serjeant SuE .-The last time Cook stayed at my house was in January or February last year, for about a month. He then had a sore throat. I do not remember that it was continually sore. He had not the least difficulty in swaaUowing. I did not notice any ulcers about his face. In the spring he complained of being an invalid, and said his medical friends told him that if he wvas not better in the winter he ought to go to a wvarm clmate. No communication was made to me aboat insaring his life. I was dissatisfied about the loss of the bettig-book. I desired that eve thing belonging to the deceased might be locked up. en I returned to Rugeley with Palmer I went to seek for Mr. Gardner. I saw him on the following (Sumday) morning. I have once been in communication with the police-officer Field. That was a fortnight or three weeks after my son's death. Field caUed upon me. I never applied to him. By Mr. Baron ALinEnsoN.-I nevercalled upon Mr. Bamford, but he dined with me at the Talbot Arms. Mary Keeley, examined by Mr. WELSBn.-I am a widow, living at Rugeley. On the morning of Wednesday, the 21st of Nfovember last, I was sent for to lay out Cook's body. My sister-in-law went with me. That was about 1 o'clock in the morning. The body was stil warm, but the hands and arms were cold. The body was lying on the back. The arms were crossed upon the chest. The head lay a little turned on one side. The body was very stiff indeed. I have laid out many corpses. I never saw one so stiff before. We had difficulty in straightening the arms. We could not keep them straight down to the body. I passed a piece of tape under the back, and tied it round the wrists to fasten the arms down. The right foot turned on one side, out. wards. We were obliged to tie both the feet together. The eyes were open. We were a considerable time before we could close them, because the eyelids were very stiff. The hands were closed, and were very stiff. Palmer was upstairs with us. He lighted me while I took two rings off Cook's fingers. That was off one hand. The fingers were very stiff, and I had difiiculty in getting off the rings. I got them off, and when I had done so the hand closed again. I did not see anything of a betting-book, nor any small book like a, pocket-book. Cross-examined by Mr. GroVE.-It is not usual to tie the hands of a corpse. I have never before used tape to tie the arms; I have used it to tie the anldes together, and also for the toes. I have never seen it used for the arms. It is usual to lay the arms by the sides. If the body gets stiff the arms remain as they were at the time of death. If the eyes are closed at the time oZ death there is no dfficulty in keeping them closed. It is a common tling to put penny pieces upon them to keep them closed. That is to prevent the eyelid drawing back. The jaw is generally tied Dsp shortly after death. Re-examined by the A TronscsY-Gxsrsi.-I cannot say how many bodies I have laid out, hut I have laid out a great many of all ages. I never knew of the arms being tied before this instance. It isuual to lay the arms by the sides within a few minutes after death. I was called up at half-past 12. It was half-past 1 when I went upstairs to the room where Cook lay. Sometimes the feet of corpses get twisted out; it is then that they are tied. That occurs within about half an hour after death. I have never known the eyelid so stiff as in this case. I have put penny pieces on the eyes. In those cases the lids were stiff, but not so stiff as in this instance. John Thomas Harland, examined by Mr. BoDKN.-I am a physician residing at Stafford. On the 26th of November last I went from Stafford to Rugeley to be present at a post mortem examination. I arrived at Rugeley at 10 o'clock in the morning. I called at the house of Mr. Bamford, surgeon. As I went there Palmer joined mein the street. He came from the back of his own house. I had frequently seen him and had spoken to him before. He said, '" I am glad that you are come to make a post mortem examination. Some one might have been sent whom I did not know." I said, " What is this case ? I hear there is a suspicion of poisoning." He said, " Oh, no; I think not. He had an epileptic fit on Monday and Tuesday last, and you will find old disease in the heart and in the heal" We then went together to Mr. Bamford's. I had brought no instruments with me, having only been requested to be present at the examination. Palmersaid that hehad instruments, and offered to fetch them and lend them to me. He (Palmer) said there was a very queer old man who seemed to suspect him of something, but he did not know what he meant or what he wanted. He also said, "He seems to suspect that I have got the betting-book. Cook had no bettingbook that would be of use to anyone." Mr. Bamford and I then went to the house of Mfr. Frere, who is a surgeon at Rugeley. Palmer did not go with us. Thence we went to the Talbot Arms, where the post mortem examination was proceeded with. Mr. Devonshire operated, and Mr. Newton assisted him. There were in the room, besides, Mr. Bamford, Palmer, myself, and several other persons. I stood near Mr. Devonshire. The body was very stiff. By Lord C.uwxsnu.-It was much stiffer than bodies usually are five or six days after death. Examination resumed.-The muscles were very highly developed. By that I mean that they were strongly contracted and thrown out. I examined the hands. They were stiff and were firmly closed. The abdominal viscera were first examined. - At the suggestion of Lord CAMrnxnBL, the witness read a report which he prepared on the day on which this post met-tent examination took place, November 26, 1855, and transmitted to Mr. Stevens, the stepfather of the deceased. This report described the state of the various internal organs as being perfectly bealthy and naturaL The material statements were all repeated in the subsequent examination of the witness. After reading the report, whe witness continued.-The abdominal viscera were in a perfectly healthy state. The were taken out of the body. we exammed the liver. It was healthy. The lungs were healthy, but contained a good deal of blood. Not more than would be accounted for by gravitation after death. We examined the hoadL The brain was quite healthy. There was no extravasxtion of blood, and no serum. There was nothinm which, in my judgment, could cause pressure. The heart was contracted, and contained no blood. That was the result not of disease, but of spasmodic action. At the larger end of the stomach there were numerous snial yellowish-white s ots, about the size of mustard seeds. They would not at an account for death. I doubt whether they would have any effect upon the health. I think they were mucous follicles. The iddneys were full of blood, which had gravitatedcthere. Theyhadno appearance of disease. The blood was in a fluid state. That is not usual. It is found so in some cases of sudden death, vhich are of rare occurrence. The lower part of the spinal cord was not very closely examined. We examined the upper part of that cord. It presented a Perfectly natural appearance. On a subsequent day, I think the 25th of January, it was thought ight to e.xhume the body, that the spinal cord might be more carefully examined. I was present at that examination. The lower part of the spinal cord was then minutely examined. A report was made of that examination. This report was put in, and was read by the witness. It described minutely the appearance and condition of the spinal cord and its envelopes, and concluded with this statament:-" There is nothing in the condition of the spiral cord or its envelopes to account for death ; nothing bau the most normal and healthy state, allowance being made for the lapse of time since the death of the deceased." Examination resumed.-I am 5till of opinion that there was nothing in the appearance of the spine to account for the death of the deceased, and nothing of an unusual Idnd which might not he referred to changes after death. When the stomach and intestines were removed from the body orn the occasionx of the first examination they were aepately emptied into a jar, and were afterwards plaoed in it. W. Devonsaire and Mr. Newton removed them fzom tie body. They were the only two who operated. At that time the pnsoner was standing on the right of Mr. Newton. Vhile mDevonshire was opening the stomach a push was given by Palmer which sent Mfr. Newton against scr. Devonstire, and shook some of the coatents of the stomach into the body. I thought a joke was passing among them, and said, "Don't do that." By Lord CAaBwDELL.-BEght not Palmer have been impelled by some one outside him '-There was no one who could have impelled him. What did youobserve Palmer do ?-I saw Mr. Newton and Mr. Devonshire pushed together, and Palmer was over them. He was smiling at the time. Examination continued.-After this interruption the opemng of the stomach was pursued. The stomach contaiD about three ounces of a bromvish flnid. There was nothingwarticular in that. Palmer was looking on, and said, " Tey won't hang us yet." He said that to Mr. Bamford in a loud whisper. That remark was made upon his own observation of the stomach. The stomach, after being emptied, was put into the jar. The intestines were then examined, but nothing particular was found in them. They were contracted and very smaL. The viscera, with their contents, as taken from the body, were placed in the jar, wlich was then covered over with two bladders, which were tied and sealed. I tied and sealed them. After I had done sol placed the jar upon the table by the body. Paimer was then moving about the room. In a few minutes I missed the jar from where I had placed it. During that time my attention had been withdrawn by the examination. On missing the Jar I caUed out, "Where's the jar?" and Palmer, from the other end of the room, said, "It is here; I thought it would be more convenient for you to take away." There was a door at the end of the room where he was. a was within a yard or two of that door, and about 24 feet from the table on which the body w as lying. [Before making this last statement the witness referred to a plan of the room which was put in by the Attorney-General.] The door near which Palmer was standing was not the one by which he had entered the room. I called to Palmer, "Will you bring it here ?" I went from the table and met Palmer halfway, coming with the jar. The jar had since I last saw it been cut through both bladders. The cut was hardly an inch long. It had been done -with a sharp inistrnment. I examixed the cut. The edges were quite clean. No part of the contents of the jar could have passed thirough it. Finding this cut, I said, "Here is a cut; who has done this ?" Palmer and Mr. Devonshire and Mr. New ton aUl said that they had not done it, and nothing more was said about it. When I was about to remove the jar from the room the prisoner asked me what I was goin- to do with it. I said I should take it to MIr. Frere's. lle said, " I had rather you would take it to Stafford than take it there." l made no answer, that I remember. I took it to Mr. Frere's house. After doing so I returned to the Talbot Arms. I left the jar in Mr. Frere's haUl, tied and sealed. Immediately upon finding the slit in the cover I cut the strings and altered the bladders, so that the slits were not over the top of the jar. I resealed them. After going to Mr. Frere's I went to the Talbot Arms. I went into the yard to order my carriage, and while I was waiting for it the prisoner came across to me. He asked me what I had done with the jar. I told him that I had left it at Mr. Frere's. He inquired what would be done with it, and I said that it would go either to Birmingham or London that night for examination. I do not recolKect that he made any reply- When I re covered the jar, I tied each cover sepa. rately, and sealed it with my own seal. During the first post mortem examination there were several Rugeley persons present, but I believe no one on behalf of the prisoner. At the second examintation there was some one there on behalf of Palmer. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant SsEme.-In the course of the post mortem examination Palmer said, "They won't hang us yet." I am not sure whether that observation was addressed to Dr. Bamford, or whether he prefaced it by the word "Doctor." I think that he first said it to Dr. Bamr ford in a loud whisper, and afterwards repeated it to several persons. I had said to him that I had heard that there was a suspicion of poisoning. I made notes in pencil at the time of the post mlsrc7n, and I wrote a more formal report from those notes as soon as I got home. The original pencil notes are destroyed. I sent the fair copy to Mr. Stevens, Cook's father-in.law, the same evening. They were not pro. duced before the coroner. At the base of the ton'ue of the deceased I observed some enlarged mucous follicOes; they were not pustules containing matter, but enlarged mucous follicles of long standing. There were a good many of them, but Ido not suppose thattheywouldoccasionmuch inconvenience. They might cause some degree of pain, but I think that it would bs slight. I do not believe that they were enlarged glands. I should not say that deceased's lungs were diseased, although they were not in their normal state. The lungs were full of blood and the heart ompty. I had no lens at the post mortemn, but I made an examination which was satisfactory to me, without one. The brain was carefully taken out; the membranes and external parts were first examined, and thin slices of about a quarter of an inch in thickness were taken off and subjected to separate examination. I think that by that means we should have discovered disease if any had existed; and if there had been any indication of disease I should have exanined it more carefully. I examined the spinal cord as far down as possible, and if there had been any appearance of disease I should have opened the canaL There was no appearance of disease however. We opened down to the frst vertebra. If we had found a softening of the spinal cord I do not think that it would have been sufficient to have caused Mr. Cook's death ; certainly not. A softening of the spinal cord would not produce tetanus-it might produce paralysis. I do not think, as a medical man investi. gating the cause of death, that it was necessary carefully to examine the spinal cord. I do not know who su-gested that there should be an examination of the spinai cord two months after death. There were some appearances of de-.. composition when we examined the spinal cord, but I do not think that there was sufficient to interfere with our examination. I examined the body to ascertain if there was any trace of venereal disease. I did find certain indications of that description, and the marks of an old excoria-: tion, which were cicatriced over. le-examined by the ATrR.NEY.-GENIERA.-There were no indications of wouuds or sores such as could by possibility produce tetanus. There was no disease of the lungs to account for death. The heart was healthy, and its emptiness I attribute to spasmodic action. The heart being empty, .ofEcourse death ensued. The convulsive spasmodic action of the muscles of the body, which was deposed to yesterday by Mr. Jones, would, in my judgment, occasion the emptiness of the heart. There was nothing whatever in the brain to indicate the presence of any disease of any sort; but if there had been, I never heard or read of any disease of the brain ever producing tetanus. There was no relaxation of the spinal cord which would account for the symptoms ascompanyg Mr. Cook's death ,as they have been fact, there was no relaxation of the spinal cord at all, and there is no disease of the spinal cord with which I am acquainted which would produce tetanus. Mr. Charles James Devonshire, undergraduate of the University of London, and late assistant to Dr. Monckton, examined by Mr. HUDDLESTON.-I made the first post mortem examination on the body of Mr. Cook in November last. The body was pale and stiff; the hands Were clinched, and the mouth was contorted. I opened the body. The liver was very healthy. The heart also seemed healthy, but it was perfectly empty. The lungs contained a considerable quantity of dark fluid blood. The blood was perfectly fluid. The brain was healthy throughout. I examined the medall'a oblongata and about a quarter or half an inch of the spinal cord. It waS perfectlysound. I took out the stomach and opened it with a pair of scissors. I put the contents in a jar, which was taken to Mr. Frere's, the surgeon. I obtained the jar from Mr. Frere's on Monday in the same state as it was before, and I gave it Mr. Boycott, clerk to Mr. Gardner the attorney. Iexamined theobody agai on the 29th, and took out the liver, kidneys, spleen, and some blood. I put them in a stone jar, which I'covered with wash-leather and brown paper, and sealed up. I delivered that jar also to Boycott. Palmer said at the examination that we should find syphilis upon the deceased. I therefore examined the parts carefully and found no indications of the sort. Ialso took out the throat. Thepapiilm were slightly enlarged, but they were natura, and one of the tonsilswas shrunk. Cross-examined by Mr. GROVF, Q.C.-Tetanic convulsions are considered to proceed from derangement of the spine and from complaints that affect the spine. These derangements are not always capable of being detected by examination. In examining the'body of a person supposed to have died from tetanus the spinal cord would be the first organ looked to. About haf an inch of the spinal cord, ex. tenor to the aperture of the cranium, was examined on the first occasion. I was not present when the granules were discovered on the second examination. The learned counsel was proceading to cross-examine this witness upon some minute points of a scientific nature when Baron Awxso?RS, interposing, said,-When you have all the medical men in Londont here, you had better not ex amine an undergraduate of the University of London upon such points, I should think. Dr. Mlonckton examined by the AToRNERY-GETERAL.- Iam a physician in practice, and reside at RIugeley. On the 28th of January I made a post zortem examination of the spinal cord and marrow of the deceased, J. P. Cook. I found the muscles of the trunk ina state of laxity, which I should attribute to the decay of the body which had set in; hut that laxity would not be at all inconsistent, in my opinion, with a great rigidity of those muscles at the time of death. The muscles of the arms and legs were in a state of rigidity, but they were not more rigid than usual in dead bodies. The muscles of the arms bad partially feexed the fingers of the hand. The feet were turned inwards to a much greater extent than usuaL I carefully examined the spinal cord. The body was then in sucha condition as to enable me to make a satisfactory examination of it; and if prior to death there had been any disease of a normal character on the spinal cord and marrow, I should have had no difficlty iD detecting it. There was no disease. I disn covered certain granules upon it. It is difficult to account for their origin, but they are frequently found in persons of advanced age. I never knew them to occasion sudden death. I agree entirely in the evidence 'which has been given by Dr. Harland. This witness 'was not cross-examined. Mr. John Boycott, examined by lMr. WEaSnY.-I am clerk to Messrs. Landor, Gardner, and Iandor, attorneys at Eugeley. On the 26th of last November I received a jar from MEr. Devonshire, covered with leather and brown paper, and sealed up. I took it to London, and delivered it on the next day to r. Taylor at Guy'sHopital. On asubsequeit day I received another jar, similarly secured, from Mr. Devonshiro, and I also brought that to London and delivered it to Dr. Taylor. I was not -resent at the inqcuest on Cook's body, and did not fetch Newton to be examined there. On Tuesday last, when at the Eugeley station, previous to my depature for London, Newton came and made a communication to me. He knew that Mr. Gardner was not there; and when we reached London I took him to Mr. Gardner, and Iheard him make the same commupxua. tion to Mr. Gardner v'hich hehd made before to me, This witness wa not croasaexamined. James Myatt, examinOdl by M r. JAME- -In Novam . ki 11s I wu posboy at tA albQt Amu at RBvt%1, I know Palmer, the prisoner, and I remember Monday, the 26th of November last. I was ordered orn that night, a little after 5 o'clock, to take MLr. Stevens to the Stafford shtion in a fly. Bafore I started I went home to get my tea, and on returning from my tea to the Talbot Arms I met the prisoner. He asked me if I was going to drive Mr. Steveus toStafford. ItoldhimnIwas. What did he say to you then ?-He asked me if I would upset. them. "Themn" Had anythingbeensaidabout ajar'?-He said hesupposed I was going to take the jar. w'at did you say then 7-I said I believed I was. What did he say after that ?-He said-"Do you think you could upset them 7 What answer did you make ?-I told him " No." Did he say anything more ?-He said, "If you could, there's a lt. note for you." (Sensation.) What did yowa say to that ?-I told him I could not. I then said, " I must go, the horses are in the fly ready for us to start." I do not recollect that he said anyt more about the jar. I said, that if I didn't go somebody else would go. He told me not to be in a hurry, for if anybody else went he would pay me. I saw him again next morning, when I was goingHto breakFast. He asked me then who went with the Ily. I told him Mr. Stevens and, I behieved, or,e ezf Mr. Gardner's clerks. Cross-examined by Mz. Serjeant S1IEE.-Were not the words thae Palmer used-" I would't mind giving 10. to reak Stevens's neck." I don't recollect the words "break Well, "upset him." Did he say, " I wouldn't mind giving 0!. to upset him 7"-Yes; I believe those were the wor,s. Ido not know that Palmer appeared to have been drinking. on't recollect that he had. 1 can't say that he used any epithet, applied toStevens-he said it was a humnbugging concern altogether-or something of that. I don't recoUect tat he said Stevens was a troublesome fellow, and very inquisitive. I don't remember anything more than I have said. I do not know whether there was more than one jar. Samuel Cheshire, formerlypostmaster atBugeley, whohas been sentenced to two years' imprisonment for tampering with letters in connexion with this affair, was brought up in custody, and examined by Mfr. JA=S. He is an extremely respectable looking man, above the middle age, and was dressed in black He deposed as follo-s :-I was for upward of eight year.s postmaster at Eugeley. I come now from Newgate, where I am under sentence for having "read" a letter. [The question was "opened" a letter.] I "confessed" to having done so. [The question was, "Did you plead guilty to that charge ?"] I knew the prisoner William Palmer very well-we were schoolfellows together, andI have beenthree orfourtimesinmylife atraces withhimI never made a bet but once in ray life; but I was very inti matew ith Palmer. laccompanied him to ShrewsburyRaces in November, 1855. I returned to Rugeley on Tuesday, the 13th,the same day onwhich Polestar won thehandicap. On Saturday, the 17th, IwenttoseeMr. Cook, who wasin bed at the Talbot Arms Hotel at Rugeley. I lived at the postoffice, which was 300 or 400 yards from Palmer's house. On Tuesday evening, the 20th, I received a message from Palmer, askidng me to go over to him, and to take a receipt stamnp xwith sne. In consequence of that message I went to Palmer's house and took a receipt stamp, as requested. When I reached Palmer's I found him in his sitting-room. He said that he wanted me to write out a check, and he produced a copy from w,hich he said I was to write. I copied the documuent which he produced. He said that it related to money which Mr. Cook owedhim; and he asked me to write it because, he said, Cook was too iU to do it, and Weatherbywould know his (Palmer's) handwriting. He said that when I had written it he would take it over to Mr. Cook to sign. I then wrote as he requested me, and I left the paper with Palmer. Mr.Weatherby was here called in order to trace this document. In answer to Mr. JAmsss, he said,-I am secretary to theJockey Club, and my establishment is in Birmingham. I keep a sort of banking account, and receive stakes for gentlemen who own racers and bet. I knew the deceased John Parsons Cook, who had an account of that nature with me. Iknew Palmer slightly; he had no such account with me. On the 21st of November I received a check or order upon our house for 3501. It came by post. I sent it back two days afterwards-on Friday, the 23d. I sent it back by Post to Palmer, the prisoner, at Rugeley. Boycott was recalled, and proved that ho had served notices upon the prisoner and upon Mir. Smith, his attorney, to produce the " check or order" referred to; and that it had not been produced in pursuance of those notices. Prisoner's counsel did not now produce it. Examination of Samuel Cheshire continued.-As far as I can remember, what I wrote was, "Pay to Mr. Wiliam Palmer the sum of 350!., and place it to my account." I do not remember whether I put any date to it. I left it with Palmer, and went away. That was on Tuesday. On the Thursday or Friday following Palmer sent again for me. I do not remember what day it was, but it was after I had heard of the death of Mr. Cookat the Talbot Arms. I went to Palmer in the evening, between 6 and 7 o'clock, in consequence of his having sent for me. When I arrived I found hin in the kitchen, and he immediately went out, and shortly after returned with a quarto sheet of paper in his hand. He ave me a pen, and asked me to sign something. 1 asked what it was, and he replied " You know that Cook and I have had dealings together; and this is a document which he gave me some days ago, and I want you to witness it." I said, " What is it about?" He said, " Some business that I have joined him in, and which was all for Mr. Cook's benefit; and this is the document stating so." I just cast my eye over the paper. It was quarto post pa per of a yallow description. I looked at the writing and I believed that it was Mr. Palmer's. When he asked me to sign it I told him that I could not, as I might perhaps be called upon to give evidence on the matter at some future day. I told him that I had not seen Mr. Coolc sign it, and I also said that I thought the Post-offiee authorities would not approve my mixing myself up in a matter which might occasion my absence from my duties to give evidence. In fact, I did not give any e-xact reasons for refusing to sign it. Palmer said it did not much matter, as he dared say they would not object to Mlr. Cook's signature. I left the paper with Palmer, and wrent away. I believe that there was a stamp upon it. I did not read it all, but I cast my eye down it. INotices had also been served upon the prisoner and his attorney to produce this document, but it hadnot becn protuced.] Witness continued.- I remember the effect of it-it was that certain bills-the dates and amounts of which were quoted, although I cannot recollect them now-were all for MIr. Cook's benefit and not for Mr. Palmer's. Those were uot the exact words, but that wasthe purport of them. I know that the amounts werelarge, although I donot remember them all, Iremember, however, that one was for 1,000!., and another for 500!. There was a signature to that document. It was either "IL 1?." or" ". P. Cook." I don't, think the word "Parsons" was written; but either 'I. P." or "3J.P. Cook." Palmer was in the habit of calling at the post-office for letters addressed to his mother, wrho resided at Rugeley. I cannot remember that during the months of October and November, 1855, I gave him any letters addressed to his mother i nor can I say whether in those months I have given him letters addressed to Mr. Cook; but Cook has taken Palmer's letters and Palmer has taken Cook's letters. I remnember the inquest upon Cook. I saw Palmer frequently while that inquest was going on. He came down to me on the Sunday evening previous to the 5th of December-the date to which the inquest was adjourned-and asked me if I saw or heard of anything fresh to let him know. I guessed what he wanted, and thought that he wanted to tempt me to open a letter. I therefore told him that I could not open a letter. He said that he did not want me to do anything to injure myself. I believe that was all that passed upon that occasion. The letter for reading which I am now under sentence of punishment was from Dr. Alfred Taylor, of London, to Mr. Gardner, the solicitor of Rugeley. I read part of the letter, and toldPalmer as much as I remembered of it. This took place on the morning of the 5th of December. I told Palmer that the letter mentioned that no traces of strychnine were to be founLd. I can't call to mind what else I told him. He said he knew there would be no traces of poison, for he was perfectly innocent. The letter I hold in my hand, signed "W. P.," andaddressed to " W. W. Ward, Esq., Coroner," I believe to be in the prisoner's handwriting. Captain Hatton, examined by Mr. JA3IS.-I am chief constable of Stafford. The letter now produced I obtained from the coroner. The Clerk of Arrigns read the letter in question. It bore no date, and wa^s to the following effect.- "M3ty dear Sir,-Iam so. to tell yo that I am stiUt confined to my bed. I don't thinkit wvas mentioned at the mnquest yesterday that Cook was taken ill on Sunday and Monday night, in the same way as he was' on the Tuesday, wfhen he (ieds The chambermaid at the Crown Hotel (Masters's) can prove this. I also belxieve that a man by the name of Fisher is coming down to prove he received some money at Shrev,sbury. Now, here he could only pay Smithr 10!. out of 41!. he owed him. Had you not better call Smaith to prove this ? And, again, whatever Professor Taylor may say to-morrow, he wrote from London last Tuesday night to Gardner to say, ' We (and Dr. Rees) have this day finished our analysis, and find no traces of either strychnia, prossic acid, or opium.' What can beat this from a man like Taylor, if he says what he has already said, and Dr. Harland's evidence? Mind you, I know and saw it in black and white what Taylor said to Gardner; but this is strictly private and confidentil, but it is true. As regards his betting-book I know nothiig of it, and it is of no good to anyone. I hope the verdict to. morrow will bo that he died of natural causes, and thus end it. "fEveryours, 'tW. P." The witness Cheshire was then cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant SEEE.-I knew Cook very well. I did not know his handwriting. I have seen it, but am not sufficiently familiar with it to be able to identify it. I have seen him write. When I refused to sign the document which Palmer presented to me for signature he observed, " Oh, it is no matter, I dare say they will not caUin question Mr. Cook's signature." What Palmer asked me was, "w hether I had seen or heard anything r" I said that I had seen somethin but that it would be wronr for me to tell him what. Be theninquiredwhatIhadseen. Imthink thephrase heused in speaking of his own innocence was that he was "as innocent as a baby." I remember having been told by Palmer, the Saturday before Cook died, that the latter was verv ill. OnthatdayIsawCook. He ras ill and in bed rsaw Palmer about midday of Wednesday, the second day.of the Shrewsbury Races. I saw him at Rugeley on that day. TolMr. JaES.-Theduration of thejourneyfrom Stafford to Shrewsbury is upwards of an hour. Ells Crisp, examined by Mr. JAmis.-I am inspector of pohce at RuPgey. - On the 17th of Decoember I assisted in searching th e prsoner's house. There was a sals of his furniture, E on the 5th of January. The book nowproduoed I found in Iis house, and took it awray. It was being sold, and ltook it avay. tAlaugh.) Cross-examined by MWr. Serjoant SH.-It was b)ronght Out at 'the sale w ith a lot of other books. There were aseveral medical books in the house. There was no attempt to conceal the volume I seized. T!he Clerkd ofiigns read from, the book referred to this sentnce, proved by the witness Boycott to be in anaer's writing-" Stryohnia kills by causing tetauic fiin of the rospsiratory muscles." J. .Burdgn, examined, by .dr. J4hiss.Ths iauscri^nt book I found in the prisoner's house on the 16th or 17th of December. I am an inspector of police in Staffordshire. The ATToly-GxNP-R&L read an extract frem the book in question. It related to strychnineandalludedtothemode of its operation. ILord CQmNEI_PBXLa.-That may be merely a passage ex- i tracted from an article on " Strychnine" in some encyalo-] p;esha. The ATron -sE-GizmTAL.-No doubt it may. Iput it n for what it is wrorth. ElizabethHawkes,examined byMr.HUI)DasroT.-I keep a boarding-house at 7, Beaufort-buildings. Strand. I lmowv Palmer. Hfe was atmy house on the 1st of December last.) He asked my porter to buy some game and fish for him. I I purchased some fowls for him on the 1st of December. They consisted of a turkey and a brace of pheasants. The porter purchased the fish. I packed these things up in a hamper. I had noconversationwithPalmerabontthese things. Ibought thembyPalmer's order, convevedthroughthe porter. I sent themsomewhere. I directed them myself, and gave themto theporter, who carried them to the railway station. I have n3ever beenpaid forthem. Palmer came to my house onthe evening of that day, but I did not see him. The direction on tne hamper was "W.W. Ward, Esq., Stoke-upon-Trent, Staffordshire." George Herring, examined byllr. WELSBY.-I live near New Cross, and am independent. I knew Cook, and met him at the Shrewsbury Races last INovember. I put up at the Raven. He appeared in his usual health. I saw him between 6 and 7 on Wednesday, the second day of the races. I had a private room, with 3Mr. Fisher, Mr. Reed, and MLr. T. Jones. It was next the room occupied by Cook and Palmer. On Thursday (the day following) I saw Cook. I do not know that atthattime hehadanymoneywithhim, but I saw him vith Bank- of England and provincial banknotes on Wednesday. He unfolded them on his knee in twos and threes. There was a considerable number of notes. He showed me at Shrewsbury his betting-book. It contained entries of bets made on the Shrewsbury Races. On Monday, the 19th of November, I received a letter from Palmer; I have it here. The Clerk of Arraigns read the letter, of which the following is a copy:- "Dear Sir,-I shal feel much obliged if you will give me a call at 7, Beaufort-buildings, Strand, on Monday, about half-past 2. "I am, dear Sir, very truyyou., Examination contmued.-I received this letter on Monday, and called at Beaufor'-buildings that same day at half- ast 2 exactly I found Palmer there. He asked me what Iwould take? I declined to take anything. I then asked himhow Mr. Cooklwas? Hesaid,"He'sallright;hisphysician gave him a dose of calomel, and advised him not to come out, it heing a damp day." I don't know which terma he used, " damp' or " wet." He then went on to say, in the same sentence, "What I want to see you about is settling his account." 'While he was sleaking he took out half a sheet of note paper from his pocket, and it was open when he had fmiished the sentence. He held it up and said, " This is it." I rose to take it. He said, "You had better take its contents down; this will be a check against you." At the same time he pointedto some paper lying on the table. I wrote on that paper from his dictation. I have here the paper which I so wrote. [The witness read the document in question which contained instructions as to certainpayments he should make out of moneys to be received by himat Tattersall'sonaccountofthe Shrewsburyraces.] Palmer then said that I had better write out a check for Pratt and Padwick-for the former 4501., and for the latter 3501., and send them at once. I told him I had only one form of check in my pocket. He saidI could easily fill up a draught on half a sheet of paper. I refused to comply with his request, as I had not as yet received the money. He replied that it would be all right, for that Cook- would not deceive me. He wished me particularly topay Mr. Pratt the 4501. His words as nearly as I can remember them were, " You must pay Pratt, as it is for a bill of sale on the mare." I don't know whether he said " a bill of sale," or "'a joint bill of sale." He told me he was going to see both Pratt and Padwick, to tell them that I would send on the money. Previous to his saying this, I told him that if he would give me the address of Pratt and Padvick I would call on them, after I had got the money from Tattersall's, and give it to them. He then asked me what was between us? Thero were only a few pounds between us, and after we had had some conversation on the point he took out of his pocket a 501. Bank of England note. Hle required 291. o't of the note, and I was not able to give it; but he said that if I gave him a check it would answer as welL I gave him a check for 201. and nine sovereigns. When I was going away I do not rememberthat he saia anything about my paying the money to Pratt and Padwick. hie said on parting, "When you have settled this account write down word to either me or Cook." I turned round and said, "I shall certainly write to Mr. Cook." I said so because I thought I was settling Mr. Cook's account. He said, "It don't niuch matter whichyou write to." Isaid, "IfIaddress 'Mr. Cook-. Rugeley, Stafford,' itvillbecorrect, willitnot1" Hesaid, "Yes." Afterleaving Beaufort-buildings I went to Tattersall's. I then received al the money I expected, except 101. from Mr. Morris, who paid me 901. instead of 2001. I sent from Tattersall's a check for 450?. to Mr. Pratt. Iposted a letter to Cook from Tattersall's, and directed it to Rugele. On Tuesday the 20th, next day, I received a telegraphic message. I have not gotit here. I gava it to Captain Hatton at the corouer's inquest at Rugeley. In consequence of receiving that message I wrote again to Cook- that day. I addressed my letter as before, but I believe the letter was not posted till the Wednesday. I have three bills of exchange with me. I know Palmer's handwriting, but never saw him write. I cannot prove his'writing; but I knew Cool's writing, and I believe the drawAng of two and the accepting of the three bills to be in his writing. I got them from Fisher and gave him cash for them. [The witness Boycott was recaRled and identified the signatures on the biUs as those of Palmer and Cook.] Examination continued.-The bils are each for 200, One of them was payable in.a month, And when it fell due on October 18, Cook paid the 1001. on account. He paid me the remaining 1001. at Shrewsbury, but Icannot tell with eertainty on what day. I did not pay the 350?. to Mr. Padwick. I hold another bill for 500? [Thomas Strawbridge, manager of the bank at Rugeley, identified the drawing and endorsing as in the handwriting of Palmer. The acceptance, purporting to be in the writing of Mrs. Sarah Palmer, he did not believe to have been written by her.] E-xamination continued.-I a7m sure that the endorsement on the 5001 bill is in Cook's writing. I got the bill from Mr. Fisher. I paid 2001. on account of it to Palmer, and 275?. to r. F?isher. The balance was discount. It was not paidat maturity. I have taken proceed. ings algainst Palmer to recover the amount. Cross.examinedby 31r. Gr.ovx:.-Several people were ill at Shrewshsby on the second day of the races. They suffered from a kind of diarrhoia. I was one of those so affected. I had my meals at the Raven, where I put up, as also had my companions. Theywerenotill, buta gentleman who dined with us one day at the inn w-as. Palmer did not dine with me any day at the Raven. I saw Cook several times on the racecourse. The ground was wet. I remonstratedwith him on Thursday for standin on it. That was after he had been taken ill on Wednesday. I waswith Palmer for about an hour at Beaufort-buildings. Frederick Slack, examined by Mr. HuDDnsEso?.-- I am the porter at Mrs. Hawkes's boarding-house atBeaufortbuildings. On the 1st of December I saw Palmer there, and he gave me the direction to PUt on a hamper containing game. It was "W. W. Ward, Esq., Stoke-uponTrent, Staffordshire." He told me to buy a turkey, a brace of pheasants, a codfish, and a barrel of oysters; and to buy them wherever I pleased. He said he did not wish the gentleman for whom theywereintendedto know from whom they came. I saw him write the direction in the coffeeroom. Igotthe hamper and put all the things in it. I sewed it up and took it to the railway. Mrs. Hawk-es bought the fowl, and I the other articles. It being now within five minutes of 6 o'clock the Court that to proceed further with the case thtevening. Lord CAKIPBEI.L suggested that some facility of breathing fresh air should be afforded to the jury before the aitting of the Court on the following morning. Were it not that he made it a practice to take a walk- early in the morning in Kensington-gardens, he should himself find it imp3ossible to endure the fatigue of so arduous a trial. An omnibus, or a couple of them, ought to be engaged for the accommodation of the jury that they, too, might enjoy similar recreation. MEr. Baron A.LDxsox.-Why should they not take a walk in the Temple-gardens? There could be no more tranquil spot. (A laugh.) The Sherffs intimated that tney would attend to the recommendations of the learned judges. The Court then adjoumeed at 6 o'clock until 10 o'clock this day, the jury being conducted, as on the previous evening,to the .London Coffeehouse in charge of the Sheriffs' Mlcr.
THE MUTINY OF THE THIRD GERMA2 JAGERS. FLYMOlJH, W xEDNESDAY. Colonel John Kinloch, Inspector-General of British Foreign Legions, visited the quarters of the two companies oi the 3d gerCorps, stationed at Devonport, at 9 oclock tius morning; atl10 o'cloclhe wasin Flymouth Citadel, and at 2 this afternoon he was at the head-quarters of the corps at MIaker Heights, near Mount-EdgecnKie. ColonelEinloch informed the men that he had 'een directed by the War Secretary to stata that in consequence of the disorderly conduct which prevailed inl some oft te companies the wrhole of the 3d J.iger Corps wavs to be disbanded They were, howrever, expected to obey orders nap to the last msomeut of tJheir service. The Government bad determined to give each man 12 months' pay, and provide themwith free passages either to Germany or Ameriea. Excepting a small advance to purchase neces;a.ries previous to embarcation, the w hole of the pay w.ould be given to them on anriving at theplaca of their destination. It is stated that some days sinas t.he offlicers werer informed, by a wuitten communicatien,, ;.hat they would receive three moenths' pay wrhen the crc ws disembodied. A general Court-Martial was eld to-day at Governaaentv. house, 3£ount Wise, on Sesgeant Collins, belonging- to Captain S. Von Scuarlzenhoeifs Company No. 3, statonr4 at Drake's Island. He is aeud of personal acts otipsSuordination on the parade aX MSaker towards the Conilnans of the Forces in the WesWMal^or-Genera1 Eden, andXtoisads hiS oVn comDmanding off her, aolonel woles. The-sentenoe is not yet peomnigated. The prisoner is coufnfou ai4.ker . The men of No. & £mpany wsho refused, o'oedAee to Captan AJxelVon Josa, at Bovisand, have noLb,a& their armna restored to them, but continue unbr aTXs~ in t.ha CitadeL t n mes of ge.StlSa tzn who passed toIr exaination in the science and practice of mnedicine. and recnived certsicate torpactise, on Thuraday, May 15 :-arrX elsey, C orley, Surrey; Robert WaLker, Wendta, Wesinorelande Ptoichard Coles, Cerne Abbasn DorsWire; l neBiel ShelswTl, Sherington,otynturo Oxon,e James Faish Bersonl Alders. ,,ate-street, Lononn; Jates PBtts Dackvenftel., Cheshirearaniel ereemadt Stevems, St. I'es, Cornweall; James Ciw .ther, Potherhamt; ana LMoseTMorgan, Ledon. On ae oirlt of thepublicmre hoigsthelutinrtion xwill boe postponed Arom Tpractdas, tho !9h od May, to TrllA ir the 3Dth iolt.
COYCERT A r THE CRYSTAL PALAC9. The first really grand musical performance in the Crystal Palace since its inauIguration ws given yesterday, wlien the Royal Italian Opera company, vocalists andinstrumentalist,' took part in the programme. The success was triumnphant. If the reader can imagine a fete cluampgtrc under cover, he may have an idea, though imperfect, of this charming eRtertinment. lNorth of the great central transept a vast porion of the nave was converted into a qaim theatre. At one end there was a stage and proscenium, constructed after the faslhon of the Cafes CUantlantr in several of the continental towns, only on a mauch larger scale. On the stage were raised seats for the chorus; andfrontiDg the stage, in a less elevated position, an orchestra;, capable of holding upwards of 100 executtants. The_3afa&250 feet in length, by 130 in breadth- wan calculated to accommodate upwards of 4,000 persons comfortably seated. The whole of the stage and orchestra was surmounted by a sort of canvass awning, suspendedbycordsfromtheroof of the palace. On both sides, from end to end, screens of canvasw stretched on frames, and painted blue,were erected in the departments immediately above the courts, with a view of modifying the reverberation, always so perplexing in the tran. sept, and consequently so anti-musicaL At the further extremity, in face of the orchestra, lage white curtains, bordered with red, were hung from roof to base, and ex-. cluded the transept. The arrangementswere admirable,. and the effect exceeded anticipation. Of course, there was still considerable reverberation, but this could only be pre_ vented altogether by shutting out the courts from the nave, which would render circulation impossible, and cause the greatest inconvenience. The conditions of sound were further consulted by carpeting the aidles and all the courts in the immediate vicinity. Thus everything was done that could by any extent of ingenuity be contrived; and a fair chance was afforded for the realization of a scheme-first suggested by 1i. Julien, who has great experience in such matters-for the institution of musical performances of magnitude and importance commensurate vith the colossal size aid imposing pretensions of the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. IdL Jullien was ridiculed when he hinted the practicability of such an undertaling; but the sequel has proved he was right, and, like Plato, " had reasoned welL" So far as the music is directly concerned, other improvements might be. and doubtless will be, projected; but, on the whole, the result surpassed anticipation. The arrangements were on the most liberal possible scale,, and a musical entertainment of extraordinary attraction was provided, under the auspices of Mr. Gye. The orchestra alone was a temptation. This comprised the whole of the band which used to elicit such unqualified admiration at Covent-garden Theatre-the finest in Europe-together with some 15 or 20 recruits, including in all 100 performers (or thereabouts), under the direction of Mr. Costa. One of Weber's most magnificent overtures by this immense assemblage of competent players inaugurated the novel enterprise most auspiciously, in the presence of considerably more than 3,000 subscribers. A more brilliant audience was never brought together, and a, more brilliant performance has rarely been heard. MrCosta was loudly applauded on taking his place, and the overture was listened to with profound attention, ani loudly applauded. The programme, however, -should be given at length:- pA.BT L- Overture (Oberon) Weber. Air (with chorus), Herr Yonnes. Die ZaubeSfotte.. Mlozart. Duet, Madarme Grist audSignorTaglilaie-Don Pasquale . . Donizetti. Madrigal, " Down ma lowry vate" .. Festa. Aria, " DeUa sua pace-Signor Gardoni .. . Mozart. SCena (Der Freischutz)-Iladame Jenny lNey .. Weber. Solo (with chorus). " Inflaunatus"-Miaame Grisi .. .. .o. .. I. . .. srin.L p.ABT IL OTerture(M"ssanieu.o) Auber. Cavatina ( lIanai involanin'l, Madame Bosio .. VerdL Duet (Linda di Chanouui, Mdlle. Marai and Signor Gardoni. DonizettL Brindisi (Lucrezia Bor-gia)b Madalme lantier Didiee .DonizettL Serenade (" Comn' 6 gentl"), Sinoer Mario (with cborus). DonizettL Aria (1 Trovatore, Siguor Grazinm.. VerdiL Duet (I Puritaul). Herr Formes and Signor Gra- naul.~~~~~~~~~Bellir.i Finale (I Conte Ory-Act ) .. .. .. .. nossIuL It will be seen from the above that this was essentially a fashionable concert-a concert for the exclusive delight of a certain class unwilling to devote its intelligences to the consideration of anything better-anything, in other words, which, to appreciate thoroughly, would involve a greater stretch of the attention. It was not, for all that, the less fascinating, under the circumstances; and how much itwas erjoyed may be gathered from the fact that o lees than four pices were unanimously encored and repeated-viz., esta's lovely madrigil, the " Brindisi," from Lucrezia (sung by Iadame Didiee); the serenade from Don Fasquaz& (Signor Mfario); and thle somniferous barytone air of the Duke froTiRfl'rorafore (by Signor Graziani). In addition to' these the im'ost enthusiastic plaudits were bestowed upon Madame Ney, in the great scen= of Agatha from Der Frcidchitz; Madame Grisi, in the " Inflammatus," from Rossini's Sftaat Mater; Herr Formes, in the splendid air of Sarastro, from Za4u5crj?4tc; and Madame Bosio, in Elvira's cavatinza d'intrata, from Ernani, It was surprisirg how the voices penetrated to the utmost limits of the temporary enclosure, and even to the lofty gaUeries above-where the orchestra -was better heard, by the way, than anywhere else. The overture to Moasniclo, which was admirably executed, affordeI an opportunity of testing this. Not one delicate nzuance was lost, not the loudest f*ssinw confused- Tolisten to the orchestra of the late theatre in Covent-garden once more unidivided was in itself a source of gratification, but now it was invested with an interest apart. It woudd take more time and space than we can devote to the subject to criticize the various pieces in detail; nor is it necessary, since they are so universaly familiar. Nevertheless, as an instance of effect to be produced by legitimate singring and a proper method of giving out the voice; we may allude to Mario's " Co-m'e gentil," which, though delivered with exquisite softness, was heard distinctly everywhere, from the first note to the last. Such a voice as 21-ario's (and it was in first-rate ordor yesterday) does not require forcimg to be rendered telling. Every tone that proceeds from it is a genuine musical sound; and aU the straining conceivable would have failed to create the same delightful impression as the nmost sublued passages in Donizetti's grace ful serenade, sung as they were by Mario, in the Crystal Palace, yesterday. The concert was not too long-a manifest advantage. It commenced at 3, and about half-past a the audience began quietly to disperse. As only the holders of twoguines tickets are admitted to these performances, there was & somewhat aristocratic appearance about the saf7c. A prettier sight, however-as beheld from the galleries-could scarcely be imagined. The trees and sbrobs, the pistes andfeazdes, the sculptutredimages,andt;e varieeattd colours and diverse effects of art and commerce in the visible courts on either side-the whole set off in an enchanting manner by the light and fairy-like edifice whieh was its firtmework -gave an unprecedented aspect to the wedl-dressed tiousands crowding the stalls and reserved seats, and merdly spnink-, ling the more plebeian benches in tne immediate neigbbourhood of thetransept. To conclude-the new experiment.was eminentlyssccessful, and the Royal Italian Opera Concerts, if we maay judge6 bythe outset, stand a chance of benefitig alike the projectors and the Crystal Palace Company.
CRYSTAL PALACE.-CON2ECR-DAT, Fi&ay, May 16.-Admission by season tickets only, 3,,447. THE CAxA.r NEWSPAPiS Ps&v-Jppoiatlbrepeling of the newspaper stamp duty. several cheap daily newspaperswereprinted and issued&.lmotkingasmn I a shost timemost oE them decline:;.not evb. he gret fintevs attached to the War in the Crine coUL; keep tbsu aSlime_ The most spirited pper, however-theDmily 7recssm as was called, publitea a alfpe9ny,-survivee and wan printed daily until Wed&esday. Ismt wben it a1so. iie& In. the "parkig words" of thi4as.munbenrthe edte 1emacs,. after s eak-ng of its sacesaup.to ih spreneet n ant and also of its usefulness, that the retson.wby it i.not cmtinuel is-"simply,because thereis no aoedforit2' "Andherwa one says, 'Why not divert thelJtopmus inbo.tics eof gmen2:l interest?-tobecanrid,"says the editor, "we&de'tthink it wiliy to do s2;- and wh.is.the.usewcf being r tKo QVr whm > timORm o o 01P P EAs-At a aeling of the. . Tow3 Council c Birmixjianm -helQ yesterday a con'gratslatory addc-ss to Hex 3Ajesty upon tle conclusion iof the war :-th Rtuseia wa# caaried by a masiority of 31to 6. After considerzbli* discossion tbe fellowg form ws adopted M-.-' May it please Your E:juw>,-We, the, Mayor, aldei aen, and ba;osse GA t he bozbo of IlrBmingham, in the q,unty of >Rie1>,iz counci assmbled desir to approacbh your Majeaty witA the expaesel of our-loyhJL and dutiE'd attachirni to your 1F~a~ eson, and a tender oar congrathtiona on. the eromnation of t1rs late wa;i Believing,. es 'we do; tYaai liberty and .Ailizatiom are dlos Qansected 'wtl national ijlcpende, we e dwe symnathiai with the jut au& righti-os caue -use :k tne w wM nndertaken. We liav.watched w;X1 deep interest aiu admration the koi6 bra-ery and patie ensdurance s uering whi inflder tV.% eventful snow endeda s eminently dis}*i,hsed aizr4Majesty'i fc3byland a a Weespedia9ltail thy tteaty of ]eWca.s a solemn recognition of the p,ciplevsL national o*nep#dence, a as a compact Jeuxopc Powers tc cYPr a commop. ssistance to agigon 5 honounrs -.h your Ma jesty has been plessd to.coni on the gallsat defender 2tars, and the graious Cserfis of the PRoyal clemency towards politicl of P dersby-diioh yout lajesty has signahiaed the retutn of peaV Mre tended to deepen t1e affectionate and }-,al adrion of zwer Majesty's s;bjects towards -a erign . is ever ready gracefully to ennoble and grsuisl.sy to i,ou. .f ferrently pray tohatunder the bpnign inflnr.oe of Se your ajets subjects mayby the blessioSDivine s?o ridence contmnae to advance nvpolitical ,llghtennent,.i commiorcial prosperity, xA in social pr ." !ie a. dress is to be presente4 - The Mayor and I essrs, AWud t Pabuer and Blldwi% e umover sTnd soconder,
(IMOX OUR 0". COM32SPOINDEN-T.) PARIS, T xD.Y, XMy 15, 6 P.Mf. Some rarprne is expressed that no Russian Arabassaorbhas been as yet named for Paris, and the displeasure excited by the Treaty of the 15th of April, and perhaps by the suspiciozn that there is aomething mnore behind, is considered as the cause oftho delay. It is certain that the Russians make no-secret of their feeling as to the manner in which they have been treated, and they look very sulky when the subject is mentioned. M. de liIomy's nomination as Ambassador E3xtraordintary (or extrcediary Amnbassador) has been long before the pu;blic, but has not as yet been, respondfed to as it ought. Baron Br3unow will, it is said, come to Paris as ad i im Ambassador un3til such time as a regular one be appointed. Al. Chreptowitsch, as you are aware, goes to London, 31. Boutenieff to Constantinople, and M. Budberg to Vienna. It is ntot true, as a Berlin paper states, that M. de Hatzfeldt has refused the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour, for the simple reason that it was not offered to him. M. de Hatzfeldt is only 3linister Plenipotentiary for Prussia, and it is not usual to confer the Grand Cross on persons of lower rank than Ambassador. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received "VINNXA, l%& 14. " The Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian is charged with tihe mission of offering to the Emperor of the French the mortal remains of the Duke de Reichstadt. The ashes of the son of Napoleon L will be conveyed to France with great pomp, should the offer be accepted." "t BERLIN, MAY 14. "PrincessPasldewitschdied yesterday in one of the hotels -ct this city." The Countess Walewski, rwife of the Mittister for :Foreign Affairs, has received fiom the Queen of Spain the Cordon of the Order of the Noble Ladies -of MIaria Luisa. After the baptism of the Imperial Prince a grand banquet will take place at the Rotel de Ville, when M. Hausmann appears determined to surpass himself. 300 persons will be invited, and it is hoped that the Empress, who is still in very delicate health, will be able to attend. D. Pi6tri has addressed a circular to the Commnissaries of Police of Paris, drawing their attention to the letter of the Mlinister of the Interior, published a few days back, against persons falsely arrogating to themselves a certain amount of Government influence in order to induce dupes to join them in speculations. The Prefect of Police calls on the persons serving iuder him to exert themselves to the utmost to put a stop to such disgraceful proceediDgs, and to have the guilty persons severely punished. It is the duty, he observes, of everygood -citizen to co-operate in putting down such immoral practices, but above all of those in Government situations. The Dia-io de Barcelona announces that the authorities had ordered the arrest of Al. Barbes, one of the political prisoners pardoned last year' by -the Emperor. AL Barbes embarked in the war corvette Villa de Bilboa, which was to conduct him to Seville, the place assigned to him as a residence. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 45c. -for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per -Cents. at 94f. 85c.; and the new Loan at 75f. 70c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,432f. 50c.; Great Northern, 1,170f.; Strasburg, 992f. 50c.; new shares, 915f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,464f.£; Lyons to the MeAiterranean, 1,700f.; Western of France, 956f. 25c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 815f.; Great Central of France, 7 55f.; Lyons and Geneva, 815f.; Bank of Credit Xobilier, 1,887f. 50c.; Austrian railways, 943f. 75c. Cours Au tzquc.-PAuIS, May 15.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94W. 94f. 50c. 25c. 10c.; Four per Cents., 8Gf.; Ii%Yee per Cents., 7Sf. 75f. 15c. 5c. 15c. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 -(55 per cent. paid), 751. 30c.; ditto Certafcates (55 per cent. paid), 75f. 30c. ; Bank of France, 3,995L 4,000f.; Credit Fondier, 700f. ex div. - ditto, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 43Sf. ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 87f. SQc.; 1rom. ObD4,ations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.- C3redit Mobiher, 1,87.5f. 1,877f. S0c. 1,S7f. 5Qc.; Discount Bank, 697. 50c. 700f. ; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f. 9N. ; ditto, Three per Cents., 60f. 75c., Austrian Five 'er Cents., 91f.; Belgiarn Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 961; Rente de Naples (Rothscnild's), 112f.; Romans, 921; Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 25J; ditto Three per Cents,441; ditto Interior Debt, 41 41t. Exchange on london, at sight, money, 2f.5 S7Nc.; three months, money, 25f. TEE MEDIRMANEAN. (FROE OUIP. OWN CORRESPONDEMr.) MARSEILLES, MALY 13. The troops from the Crimea which have arrived withinthelastthreedaysamounttoabovell,000 men. They were brought bythe ships of the line Jean Eart, leurus, Napoleon, and Tounille, the frigates Albatros, Canada, Darien, Eurydice, Magellan, Labrador, and Panama, and the hired steamers Assyrien and Mentor. These vessels have all left to fetch mnore troops, and the port of the 3oliette is comparatively empty. The only Government vessels renaining are the sailing frigate Reine Blanche and the steamers Conte di Cavour and Byzantin. The screw steamship Tourville made an excellent passage from Xamiesch, whence she sailed on the 1st inst. She brought General Yerge and 1,200 men of the 6th and 82d Reniments of the Line belonging to the 2d Brigade of the 2d Division of the Army of the East. They wrere some of the first to sail from France, and were present at the battles of the Alma and Inkermann. They took a distinguished part in the attack -on the Mamelon Vert, which they held for three days, under a tremendous fire from the Russians. Their brilliant charge with the bayonet at the battle of the Tchernaya contributed to the suc-cesa of the allies on that occasion. The troops that have landed at Marseilles appear to enjoyexcellent health. I have recognized regiments which I saw embark here in April, 1854, and they are much freiher than might have been expected from the severe campaign they have passed through. Themen are proud of the Yictoria medal with which they are -decorated. A few mules and artilery waggons have liiewise arrived from the Crimea. ThXe Marseille corn market has risen considerably in consequence of the unfavourable accounts of the, crops received from Algeria. The wheat crop in the soutlh of France has suffered from the continual rains, and preeents a.very unhealthy appearance. Private letters received by the Indus, which arrived this afternoon, bringing the Constantinople mails of the 5thinstant, announce that the -price of wheat has risen, and continues to rise, at Galatz. Private letters from Constantinople of the 5th instant announce, that the religious disturbances at Ismid, announced in the papers. prove to be a pure invention, at which none are more astonished than the inhabitants of Isn-id themselves. TURLET. The Constantinople papers of the 5th. inst. publish the text of the Treaty of Paris. Its p receded by a manifestofrom the Sultan, in which, afterexpreasing 1i.a warm satisfaction at the conduct of his oW subject3, without distinction or exception, the Sultan continues as follows " To turn to the advantage of our country the happy e,ee&,ich km just been concluded, all classes of our sub. jects must unite in bonds of common love for our country, in the same manner in which they so harmoniously covp6kd during the war, which has just been crowned with a Pr succes; and I truat that all our functionaries wi elmAhay greatest zeal in realizing in sa efficaciotp , confornablyto m y firm degixe, the organization S,d refor=s, tko base of which I have laid with the aid of 3Di m P-rovke 1 trut thus that, with the blessings of .W AIMW and the aid of my people, our country wil ilte xthe word m ore glory and greatness by the prog He"~i prompeAty and well-being. ctproqh Q f friendsnipad dgoodwll given to u on this &o u gu 3llies wllI never bo forgotten. Grati. O - place in the hearts of the Ottoman , -aiS ftheir-hericC soldiers, l who have shed their :sd{prO $ iind have covered themselves with im- the iaeld of battle, have the same place i'r 9 ie pages 'n+ u historys in their ow,"F AUSTRIA. (FROt OUIt OWN coansPoXDrN.) VIENNA. ,A 11. : A few days since you learnt from me that an "uunatisfactory" reply had been given to the -Proteatant Consistory when it complaned to Govern i ment of some of the recent ordinances of the Bishops, and the following further informaation on the same subject has now been acquired. The Consistory ViaS told, that though the civil authorities could not prevent the publication of such- ordinances, they would dio all in their power to settle the matter to the satisfaction of all parties. Such a promise means neither more nor less than that a separate piece of ground will be allotted to the non-Catholics as aplace of burial for their deceased relatives. Some of the German papers continue positively to deny the existence of the Archiepiscopal circular of the 25th of February, but you may be assured that the translation of it wiich you received from me about a fortnight since was perfectly authentic. ht. UJrban, the rector of the parish ;of Matzleinsdorf, a suburb of Vienna, neither permits the parish pall to be used for deceased Protestants, nor the church bell to sound their funeral knell. The rector of Raindorf, a village just outside tho lines of Vienna, a few days since refused to permit the church bier to be used for the corpse of a Protestant. In the very face of such occurrences the, Roman Catholic hierarchy boasts of the spirit :of' toleration by which it is animated, and declaresthat it has no intention whatever to interfere viith' theprivileges of His Majesty's non-Catholic subjects! It may be considered a settled matter that the Austrian Steam Navigation Company is no longerf to monopolize the Danube, as Govermment- hasoffered to give a reasonable indemnificeation for any injury which it may sutffer from the loss of its exclu-~ sive privilege. YCesterday there was a general meeting of the shareholders, and a committee wasformed, whose duty it will be to settle with Government the amount of indemnification to be paid. It was also resolved that a communication should be established between Galatz and Odessa by means of the company's steamers. One of the most important resolutions taken by the shareholders was, that a loan of 6,000,000fl. should be negotiated, as the present capital of 30,000,000fl. has been found to be too smalL There was much more " speechifying " during the meeting than is usual in this coiuntry, and some of the orators talked a considerable deal of nonsense. One of them,observed, that even if the privilege were annulled " the vessels of the company must, in case of need, be placed at the disposal of Government;" upon wlhich another speaker drily remarked, that during the late war the British Government cuarkered the vessels of the Transatlantic Steam Company. Yesterday a nmeeting of the founders of the Theiss Railroad Company was held, and the following administrative council was chosen :-Count George Andrasi, Count Georges Apponyi, Count Francis Zichy, Count John Waldstein, AL von Szogyeni (a Councillor of the Empire), the Aulic Councillor von Zsedenyi, 3I. Maurice von Wodianer (the richest Hungarian banker), the Aulici Councilor von Wirl;ner, Prince Felix Hohenlohe (the President of the Darsmstadt Bank), 31. Maurice von Haber, Count B3arkeezy, Count Chotek, 31. Jonas Ki6nigasw.rter, Mv. Frederick Schey (the two last -ae lienna bankers and merchants), and WI. Steiger, the Charge d'Afures of the Swiss Confederation. The choice of the founders has given such general satisfaction that the premiumn on theTheiss Railroad shares has already risen 2 per cent. Theiss Railroad shares to the amount of 3,000,000fl. were set aside by the Minister of Commerce for the Hungarians, butthe sum alreadysubscribed is above 15,000,00fl. People talk about the Bank resuming its cash. payments as soon as itsstockof specie is90,000,OOOfl., but it cannot safely venture to do so, as its paper circulation is still above 370,000,000fl. An English company has asked permission of the Austrian Government to construct docks at Trieste, but His Majesty desires to see the plans before he gives his consent. Mr. Tuson, the representative of the company, is now gone with Baron Bruck to Trieste. The prices of corn have fallen greatly at Galatz. At Galatz and Brailow there are about 300,000 quarters of grain of various sorts ready for exportation. The Auistrian dredging-machine works well at the Sulina mouth of the Danube. PRIUSSIA. v}?RoOUR0 OWVT COPRESPwMPNDBU.) Bri hIJIN, MAY 14. Prince Windischgci-tz arrived here yesterday, ostensibly depated by the Emperor of Austria to attend the various spring parades, but, as it is shrewdly suspected, covertly in the hope of his arrangit some treaty of alliance in connexion with v hat may possibly arise ouit of the recent triple treaty of April 15th. This new treaty woulld then replace that of April 20th, 1854, concluded by the two German Powers, and which expired with the conclusion of the war. In the King himself these overtures on the part of Austria always find a willing hearer; with his Ministers and the people at large, on the contrary, there is a great degree of repugnance to enter upon any step in common with Austria; the Prince's covert mission, therefore, if that be it, will not commence under any very favourable auspices at present. The departure of Prince Friedrich Wilhelm for London is now fixed definitively for the 17th instant. He will be accompanied by General Baron von Schreckenstein, Conimander of the 7th Army Corps, and several other Adiutants; his stay at the Court of St. James will probably extend to five weeks. The visit of the Prince and Princess of Prussia to London is, on the contrary, by no means fixed; some expectations are entertained here in connexion with this projected visit of the Prince and Princess that Queen Victoria will be invited to attend at the ceremony of the marriage of the young Princess Louisa of Prussia with the Prince Regent of Baden, which is nowl definitiveiy fixed for the 20th of September. ITALY. We read in the Piedmon&ese Gazette of the 12th instant:- " Yesterday the eighth anniversary of the promulgation of the Constitution was celebrated at Turin. The King accompanied by the Prince de Carignan, rode to the Church della Gran Madre di Dio. The population, as usual, cheered him on his passage. The. Senate, the Chamber of Deputies, the diplomatic body, the authorities, &c., attended the religious ceremony. The military cortc was opened by a detachment of troops just returned from the Crimea. The inhabitants gave those brave soldiers a most cordial reception from the Square of tho Fo to the Castle. Their. march was a real triumph. The sight of their sunburntfaces flled all hearts with joy and pride. It was afamily, a national fete. In the evening, the city was brilliantly illuminated. The public edifices and the fronts of the Palace Maduma, the Palace Carignan, and the Hotel de Ville were resplendent." The debates in the Piedmontese Parliament on the 5th and 6th inst. on the Italian question have caused considerable agitation in the Legations, and addresses are being signed in several towns thanking MIessrs. Cavour and Villamarina for having warmly defended the Italian cause in the Paris Con- gress, and stigmatized the policy of Austria in'the note of the 16th of April in becoming and energetic terms. The memorandum or verbal note of, the 27th MIarch did not g-ive the same satisfaction., Everybody was aware that the Pope would never consentto the separation-that it would consequentlvyI have to be imposed by force, in which case a general conflagrationwouldensue. Thepeoplewiselyresolved to await the result of thediplomatic conferences about to be held at Rome, for the purpose of devising means of enabling the Pope to dispense with foreign assistance, without danger to public order. The relations of the Holy See with South America have been of late very active. - The Republic of Bolivia has accredited a resident Minister to Rome, and made choice of the Bishopof La Paz. Peru has followed the example of Bolivia, and appointed to represent her at the Pontifical Court one of her wealthiest citizens, Canon Herreras, who was sent four years ago to Rome to regulate the ecclesiastical affairs of the republic. Monsignor Talbot, of Mlalahide, had retulrned from the island of Trinidad, whither he had gone to carry the pallium to MIons gnozr-Spanapietra; who displayed great zeal in defence of the interests of the Church at' the Court of the Emperor Sulouque but without auccess. A number of men belonging to the Anglo-Italian Legion had recently passed through Rome on their way home to Piedmont. That legion having reached Malta, after the conclusion of peace, was to have be'en disbanded. It appears, however, that its regiments have been ceded to the E:ast India Company, and that they are to be employed in reinforcing the garrisons of the. lately annexed lingdom of Nude. The term of enliitment was one year. At Malt; the mien were offered to extend it,to five years; and those who- would 'nof entir-into th'at engagement were to be allowed lto rehtui to their country. Oat of the 3,000 men-coinipo"ing the Legion, 150 only preferred this last alternative,- and have just aassed through Rome, proceeding to Upper Italy. Military services being better- paid by the kst India Company than by the Government, the soldiers are to receive an addition31 pay of 6d- per day and a'bounty' of 31. Major Pinelli, a superior officer in the service of Piedmont, has been promoted in the - Anglo-Itlianl Legion to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel of the :1st Regiment, and he now enjoys a pay of 20,000!. (S001.) annually. The Pope has just entered his 6Sth year, having been born on the 13th of May, 1'192.
TR1T. A NDft (vyzRn ATM OWN CORP..SNTF. . DUBLIN, FRIDAY 3iORND(G. THE TIPPEI:A:Y BANK. No judgment yet in the case of the English share. holders. Counsel on their behalf has stiU to give his final reply to the arguments put forward on the part of the official nianager. One of the southern papers states as an ascertained fact that, as a bankk, the operations of the Tipperary swindle were at one time eminently successfuL They had suet with some heavy losses a few years since, but morerecently they had been doing a safe and what ought to have been a profitable business; and, were it not for the maligulinfluence ofAthe great archforger, the concern might have this- day been in a highlyprosperous condition. A London letter in one of the Dublin journals states positively that the Crown has surrendered all claim to. John Sadleir's property, and letters of administration to his estate will .be immediately granted; the matter to be placed in the hands of Mr. Norris, a solicitor of Bed-ford-row, who was well acquainted with all. Mr. Sadleir's affairs-tliat is, his legitimate affairs; and. heSre is every probability tlhat between 80,0001. and. 100,0001. will be realized for the benefit of claimants upon him. The decision of the GGovernment was onlymade known late on Tnesday afternoon. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 92j ,; ditto, for account, - June 9, 92- ; New Three per Cent. Stock. 923 1 - ditto for account, June 9, 92- i; Bank Stock, 294*; Aibernian Bank of Ireland (251. paid), 31.t; National Bank of Ireland 221 lOs. Paid), 32; Consumers' Gas Company (71. paid), ,General Mining Company of Ireland (3.. paid), account, 3A; Mining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 13a4 j. Railvay.-Cork, Blackrock, and Passage, (201. paid). 13; Dublin and Drogheda (75. paid), O3f; Dablin and Wicklow (1Ol. paid), 5t 4; Great Southern and Western (501. p aid), 51l, ; ditto, 4 per cent. pnref. (121. paid), 10, M?i(lJand Great western and Rtoy 1 Canal (501. paid), 5O0 Waterford and Tramore (101. paid), 9. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) DUBLIN, F1ItAY Ev&iNoG. THF TIPPERARY BANK. An important motion was made to-day in the case of " Carroll v. Kennedy," which came before B*ron Greene in the Consolidated Coturt *- "' Mr. HsRO', en behalf of the plaintifi who obtained a judgment in the month of March list for 1,3oOI. against Mr. Wilson Kennedy, one of the managers of the Tipperary Joint-stockBank,moved, under the 18th section of the3ank-. ing Act, for an order for liberty to issue writs of scire feaias against such individual mem7Rr* of the copartnership as he should think proper; he (Mr. Heron) moved on the affidavit of the plaintiff, stating the facts as to the obtaining of the judgment originally, and the abortive proceeding in the Court of Exchequer last term to set aside, and also upon an attested copy of the Stamp-office return, dated the 21st of February in the present year, which proved the existence of the bank as an acting bank, and set out the names of thecopartners. The list sTowed thiat there were altogether 37 copartners at present, and by wha'. had occurred in M1aster turphy's oJfice- it appeared that some of them had assigned their shares within the past year. "BlSaronGnr.zmz.-ShouId not the Coart be satisfied before granting you liberty to issue writs of scirefacias, though your client has not any immsediate probability of being paid ? "Mr. HF.RoX.-No doubt ; andI have therefore anaffidavit stating that certain proceedings are going on in Master Murphy's office to wind up the affairs of the bank, that im. portant questions are raised before the Master, and that it is generally believed that, no matter how the Master may decide, there will be an appeal to the lfaster of the Rolls from his decision, and afterwards to the Lord Chancellor, and subsequently to the House of Lords; these facts are sworn to, and it is also sworn that the plaintiff has no immediate prospect of being paid. " Baron GRFlNF..-I think I should give you a conditional order, and let these parties, whoever they are, have an opportunity of showing cause why writs should nob be issued against them. "M 3r. HxRol.-I am now, my Lord, prepared to state the parties we shall proceed against. We wil ask a conditional order for writs against James Sadleir, MP., Robert Keating, M.P., Leonard Reating, Henry Devereux, M.P., Francis Scully, M.P., James Scully, Jobn Scully, and- "Baron GP..EX7E (interrupting).-Let the names to be inserted on the conditional order be marked on the back of your brief, Mr. Heron. It is not necessary to mention them, and perhaps you may be embarrassed if you include too many. too r. HEROX.-We will only select certain names, but we wfil require separate writs for each. " Baron GREENE.-Certainly, there must be separate writs. Let the conditional order be that-writs of scirefacias shall issue unless cause be shown to the contrary within the regular time. "'A fortnight was allowed for the service of the conditional order."'
THE EMPRROB WiAPOLEONs pLAy AGAINPST SEBASTOPOL. The following .re assigned by 3!. de Bazancourt as the reasons which kId to the non-execution of the plan of campaignl, proposed by the Emperor of the French in thie lettor of HisMajesty published yesterday -II I I "5 If the Emperor renounced with regret the ideaof his visit to the Crimea, it was also with profound grief that the zrmy, which attended his arrival with imnpatience, learned that that hope was to. be given up. When Commandant Fav6 brought the Emperor's instructions from Paris events had hurried onvwards - and already there appeared the germa of those difrences jwiiich afterw-ards arose among the commapaders of the allied troops. "4 The plan of operations was, according to the orders of the Emperor, comnmunicated to the generals-in-chief, but General Canrobert, by a presentiment which soon after was realized, did not shut his eyes to the difficulties which were about to arise; and in consequence hedespatched thefollowing private despatch:- "'The three generals-in-chief are abort to be called on to assume the offensive aginst the exterior anmy, their point to proceed against being Simpheropol and iBakshiserai; but, in these grave circumstances, I cannot help de, ploring here the absence of a generalissimo, some man of great authority, high position, and sufficiently old experience, to dominate everthing.' " That will always bc in every army the essential point, as from the want of unity in the chief command must always result delays, hesitations, and differences. That, it cannot be denied, was the great stumbling-block in the way of the Crimean expedition; it existed alays, at evey moment creating obstacles and delays, and throwing insurmountable difficuties around the expedition. " Lord Raglan had a decided dislike to the plan of operating onthe exterior. At first he desired, in concert with Omar Pasha, to operate by Eupatoria; but the disadvantages of that movement were so evident, so incontestable, and so clearly enumerated in the plan of cam;paign, that the allied generals were constraied to yield to the just observations of the French generaL "Then arose in the council a new difficulty-the road from Alouchta to Simpheropol appeared to Lord IRaglan too exposed, and he considered that from Baidar to Bakshiserai preferable. But it was evident that Lord Raglan yielded from weariness of discussion, and not from conviction; and the consequence was, that at each instant, and in every; question of detail, the tacit opposition of his mnind made itself felt without his intendin it. " In face of the terrible and onubtful chances of a general assault, and of the perpetual menace of the north side of the town, which our attacks could not attain, and which would alvays escapte from us, General Canrobert, after so many disappointed hopes,and so many unexpected and unfavourable events, attached to the projected operation so. great an importance for the success of the campaign that he did not hesitate to make the sacrfice of himiself to what he regarded as the capital point of the situation. 's morder to arrive promptly at a successful result he proposed to Lord Raglan to give up to him (the English general) the supreme command, and he entreated 0°mar Pasha most earnestly to follow his exampleand to act utnder the orders of Lord Raglan. ",His Lordship was for an instant astonished at this proposition, for there was in it a self denialfor the public good, 'often difficult for even the most elevated minds. It WaF, besides, a heavy responsibility, the sudden weight of which perhaps terrified the English general. He at first refused, then esitated, then accepted, and afterwards demanded that the French troops should undertake to occupy and defend the English trenches. "That strange proposition could not be accepted. The development of our lines already demanded for daily guard ? large number of troops, and it was not possible, without serious inconvenience and an increase of the daily loss of life, to augment the number. The English trenches could alone be occupied by the English. The general refused... Frrom that moment there were no means of coming to an understanding. Two conferences, the first of which lasted nearly seven hours, could not vanquish the repugnance of L.oid Ragglan. The first blow sustained by the good relations which until then had existed between the two generals in Chief was the recall of the Kertch expedition; and the refusal of Lord Raglan to co-operate with the plan of attack proposed to him by General Canrobert was the last. In consequence of this refusal the position of the general in chief of the French army, with respect to the troops whom he commanded and to the chief of the allied army, became almost *untenable. "The resolutionof General Canrobert in this circumstance was speedily taken; he did not hesitate to sacriice himself for the public welfare, and to descend, of his freewill and in the interest of the common weal, from the elevated ranik to which he had been raised by his Sovereign. If GeneralI Canrobert kept the real cause of his sudden determination secret, by ascribing it to his ill health, he stated the truth to his Sovereign. He thus writes to the Emperor on the 19th of May :- f' 'The little relative effect produced bythe numerous and excellent batteries of the allies against Sebastopol; the nonattack of our external lines by the enemy ; the reopening of the fire, an aggressive measure which had appeared very, probable, and n which I had founded hones of a success more decisive than that of Ickermann- the arduous difficulties which I have experienced in preparing the execu- tionof the plan of campaign of your ajesty, nowbecome, nearly impossible by the non-co-operation of the chief of the English army; the very false position towards the English in which the latter has placed me; the sudden recall of the Kertcli expedition, to which I have since discovered they attached a great importance; the extraordinary moral and physical fatigues to which for nine months I have not ceased to be subjected-all these reasons, Sire, have P6rop duced in my mind the conviction that I ought not to direct: in chief an immense army, the esteem, affection, and confi- i dence of wlich I have been enabledto obtain. Froim that mo-: ment my duty towards your Majestyand towards the country was to deluand my being replaced by the general for whom, in his intelligent foresight, the Emperor had confided to mie a letter of commander-in-chief, and who united the conditions of capacity, moral authority, habit of conducting great undertakings, with the energy necessary to bring to a fortunate and serious result the vast enterprise with which the death of my predecessor. and the will of the Emperor had charged me. The soldiers and the officers are all well acquainted with the warlike qualities of General PFlissier; they will give him all their confidence, and the co-operationt of us all is secured to him; and I know that your new zeneral-in-chief has the strongest faith in his success. Your Majesty will allow me to observe that my name is too well known to the troops, whose confident affection has never ceased to do me honour, for me under existinz circumstancer nuei xo reuanm in zue mxlst or them, in order, in their fatigues and dangers, to set them an example of devoteduness to the service and glory of the Emuperor and of France r, therefore, reouest your Majesty to allovv me to command a simple division in this fineand heroicarmy, the conduct .of vwhich has conferred and will continue to confer so much honour on France.' "To the Minister of War he wrote thus "' The army which I leave to mny sulccessor has come out of the rude and perilous trials ithas had to undergo, fuller of ardour and confidence than' ever. It is a glory for France, and has never ceased to be to me a source of conso. lation from the devotedness which it has shown towards me up to -this day, and it is ready to accomplish the greatest undertakings which may be enjoined for the glory of the Emperor.' " After General Canro'bert had despatched by telegraph the communication recorded above, he requested the presence of GeneralP B1isserinhis tent, towhom he confidedh7s intention of laying down the chief command. The language of General Canro'cert greatly impressed General Pclissior, whoin vain attemptedto shakehisresolution. ',General,'exclaimed the latter, 'I implore you not to carry out youir intention; later. you will bitterly regret having done. so.' General Canrobert simplyreplied, ' To have performed my duty can never become to me a subject of regret.' lIe then described to his successor the position in which he was placed, auid the difficult relations which existed between hlim and Lord Raglan, and which rendered his further presence at the head of the French army almostimpossible. General Pdlissier listeated to his late commander with emotion, and once more requested him-to delay the execution of the step he had decided on. 'The deiptchhasleft,'replied General Caurobert, and he handed to niasuccessor a coty of it. General Plissier read it, andthen, in silence, shook the two hands of Geneial Canrobert, and the generals separated. - "The next day thefollowingtelegr2phicdespatch reached head-quarters:- --- , - i "'The Emperor accepts your resgnation. His Majeatyregrets that your health has suffered; he congratulates you on the feeling -which made. youzequest 'to remain with the army; you will there take the command, not of a'division, ut or tbhe corps of General Pdlissier. Give up the command-in-chief to that generaL' " Gencral Trochu, first aide-de-camp, -and Colonel Waubert, were alone acquainted with the decision of-the general, which up to the last moment was kept a sebret. " On quitting, the command-in-clief- there -remaired ij. General Caurobert to fulfil a duty which his heart dictated to him; it was to tak-e care of those whovere attached to.- him. At an early hour in the morning he called thet officers bf his staff to hin, and announcing to them that lie' va about to leave the command-in-chief he proposedto' each hvat he thought best suited to him. Every one b6wedi his head with a feeling of'deep regret, but also withwarmm gratitude for his baving thought of them at the' last *noment. - - 's2 Meaitwhile General Pelissier, who had been sent iorby' the general4in-chief, -proceeded to 'head-quarters orn the mnorning of-the l9th, Acqompawded only by. his aide-de-c&mp,-. Liieatenait.Colonel Cassaighe. General Canrobertknforne4 hint that hlis - rination had been accepted bv the Eijierirror and that hIs !ajesty had designated himr(Gesie ral? dier)-as his -siecessor. The commanld-ii-chief -is given up to himin the' course -of the niorning. :&t half-'mast 8 o'clock Geheral 61isaier was at the quarters of 1,ords Xiaglan, with whom-bhe had a 1on '-conference, for this greatV event would ievidently oien the field for new' procedmgsAbout n'oou'GeneralIelissier>lhad retiir-ed to bead_uar-- ters. The gererils~ cailsmmning tha corscr'amd u and the other generals had been convoked and -asmbled in ai Jzrgo hut which General inrobeft :ad Ciu,edto le constructz for his effices;-aTher`, siundect by th eoMfcer of his tff, :nd with4that t,reftss cVf chiArcter'anhad thi' candour 6f"-eehwhich ar-epb6lUliSrtolhnm,Ghera]V C%;:dbertaddressidhm'adieuxtthbhief'of-tat filiant anny hchi.helhad Jo ong comJhdneddi6uirhch fuclied'every lis t"'i brvgt Weazrs-mto everyi'e ere" -Boi0'e ins Wah-nd tirm T i I wh -'ewh o iftmorb d 1iou, sii { aa6 in m rmniationl, 'i ikkiWl'tb ydkall fdr-isEretuplcayar vice. 'I9elii a anai fie will le'itcicto" ;'ya i ral l gve 'ilr 'sesrmytfortstdb gTeir rei& t n w a e throuJgh.- 'Pomy owiinpirt,--iae gsce ftsfi Kmeot; and now desuaind of oS und* icanubde~ni chief~ riot the honour of2*he cemniand2of en' importwant cou:ps -dai,to which-theEiSmpe'drohas appSointe*dme,buQthae og s ,s, i;Ir_ . . -j;- 1 i 4~iin1e. .chi f A d~d ?C The emotion created by the latter -woidi -w interse ani>ns -creased when General PBlisMier recalIedth6 signal seAices rendered by General Canfobert to '.+W.annmFand to his country. The interview then came to an end' .
THE CRBrMAN OAB?D OF -NQUIRY. This 'hoard asembled yesterday 'it the usdiahour' Ths attendance of the public, which has contipualy diminised since Colonel Tulloch's compulsory absence, was yesterday confined to a very limitednumber of persons. Mr. Filder resumed his statement, and proceeded to argue that had the forage which he demanded been sent from England he should havebeen able to supply the iegiments of the cvalry, and to maintain an effective transport. which his inability to feed mnore animals had prevented him from doing. Since he had left the Crimea his successor had not obtained forage from any place to which be (Mr. Filder) had not sent, and, if that officer had sacceeded in obtaining more forage, it must be remembered that he had had the benefit of 16 hydraulic presses and two screv presses, which had been sent out at his (Mr. Filder'sl requisition. The commissioners had stated that 2,7051b. of tea were lying in the: Commissariat stores in December, while no issue took place untill the mnouth of February. In both respects the commissioners were in error, the issue of green coffee to the troops having ceased on the 24th of January, during which month full as much tea was issued as in the following month. The commissioners had been misled-in that matter as well as in regard to. lime-juice by relying upon documentary evidence, instead of availing themselves of information that could have been deriveed from narties on the spot. The commissioners had also commeinted unfavourably upon the arrangements by wbich the hay presses-were erected in the neighbourhood of Constantinople,' but that- arrangement was adopted from the necessity of the circumstances. It didnot need the presence of the commissioners in the Crimea to bring about the excellent system of supplies which had since prevailed there; that system had been established, not in COnSeqUenCe of their suggestions, buthad been'broughtabout by measures adopted from time to time as experience proved the necessity, and all those measures were in operation before the commissioners arrived in theCrimea. Mr. Filder concluded his statement by submitting that he had given explanations upon the moreimportant pointsin reference towhich charges of mismanagement, neglect, and improvidence had been either directly or by inference brought against him by the commissioners. He had not considered it necessary to enter upon a detailed explanation of each particular subject, being sensible that his conduct must be judged from a larger point of viewv-such as whether he was to blame for the deficiencies of forage, to which all 'theother deficiencies were mainly attributable; and whether he had availed himself of all the sea transport that he could have obtained for the conveyance of forage to the light cavalry. He hoped he had shown to the board that in neither respect could blame be justly imputed to him The commissioners did not arrive in the Crimea'nntil the difficulties of the army had ceased, and they came at a season of the year vwhen it was impossible for them to form a just idea of what those difficulties had been, consequently they failed to make allowance for circumstances which were beyond human control, or to appreciate the unforeseen contingencies which thwarted all reasonable calculations. Neither was it difficult for the commissioners to suggest improvements the necessity of which had beea already indicated by experience; but the commissioners might at least have satisfied themselves by inquiry whether -what they had suggested had not been previously adopted, and, had they done so, theywvould have found that there was scarcely one remedial measure recommended by them which had not already been adopted in the Crimea, or which was not conformable to the established custom of the Comniissariat with an army in the field-whenever circum- stances admitted. It had been made a general clharge against him, perhaps not expressed, but certainlynimplied, that he had onlv followed the beaten track to obtain supplies, and that he was as incapable of originating any measure for that purpose as he was of availing himself of all the means which were 'within his reach. He begged to ask the com- missioners upon what grounds theyrested those imputations, there not being, as far as he 'was able to discover, any evi-- dence to that effect, and the charges being, indeed, inconsistent with fact. -The commissioners had- indeed admitted that he' and the other officers of the Commissariathad acted' according to tlbe measure of their abilities; but he declined for himself and the other officers that palliation of imputed error, improvidence, and mismanagement; and, without claiming for hi offlcers or himself any undue: measure of capacity for the discharge. of 'their duties, he thought he could safely assert that not only had they done their best buteha they had done the best which the nparecedented and -wunparalleled circumstances permitted tem w o d. H aving endeavoured, he hoped not unsuccessfully, to show that the heavy charges brougeht agaist him by the commissioners were devoid of real foludation and would probably have been owithheld had a fittn' oppor-- tunity of ex;planation been previously afforded to Thii, he begged to adda few words in regard to the aparent hard- ' ship-to-hich his casenhad been sabjected. Ee would' firstd observe t5at the arduous charge wrhich he held 'with the expeditiouary army was unsought, and devolveda upon himxas a professuonaLduty, froe Chichd hisi log and -ehbo-- rious service's mig,ht perhaps h'ave been 'expected to ' excuse. him. He, however, undertook the duty, notwithstanding the manfest aldequacy of the then existing means of exe-- cution, inthe confident hope that that deficiency would gradually be removed, and that in the meantime due allowance -would be made in 'considering the necessary ceasequences of such deficienty. Considering what that defidc - ency was, both as to number and experience of those through whose agceny. he was to conduct thenumeron s and dissleim ar branches of dtieswhichitbendevolvedupontbeCom3missariat and the absolute ndn-es istence oF vainous scbordinate establishmests necessary-for the effcient discharge of those duties, he did not believet the manner whichthe functions of his department had been discharged was suchpas to render him justly liable to the imputation of neelect or in- capacity. To the disastros connsequences which, rilted from those deficiencies he, no doubt, must ascriboe the taunt vhich he had undergone in a public and offlcial document that his incompetency was the chieE cause of those conse-. quences, and to those consequences he also looked for the eason of his being summarily superseded at a period when the disasters were at an end. For the same reason he supposed it was that l head been deprived of all acknowled - meat of his otherwise unquestioned services, which, in t,he shape of honorary rewards, had been gramted'in all parallel cases, and even to the officer w ,ho had succedede him in his post when it bad become by his (Mr. Filder's) exertions freeed from all serious difficulties. Iad he been convicted of actual delinquency his offence could not have been visited w ith a heavier peuslty, but he denied that-any. penalty had been muerited by' any p roved misconduct on his part, and although he could not askc that board to redresswhat he deemed to be a grievous wrong, he confidently pub-. mitted his case to their iinnartial consideration, and' requested them to pronounce whether or not, in their opinion, the allegations against him had been sufficiently established: to reuire that they should be referred to a more formaltri- bunat. If they had not been established, then he trusted that bis previously irreproachable services during more than 50 years, of which 40) had been spent out of his owvn country, would entitle hin to expectthe withdrawal of such severe and unnieritedcensure. In answer toquestionsfrom the BOAPD, Mr. Filder stated that Lord Baglan was always satisfied that he. had provided a full supply of everything except forage. He (M L. Filder) had proposed to form a depot at M Walta, but the requisitions caine in faster than the supphe, and the intention wsabandoned, - Mr. Filder then-expressed a wish to make one or two additional remarks upon evidence which had been given by officers in the course of the inu2rY. Lord Cardi-an had referred to a statemsent of the Duke of Canbridge before the Sobastopol Committee to the effect that he had been oblied to destroy in one murning, in October, 21 ammunition ponies on account of the -want of food for them. Mr. ilder; then handed reporta of boards of survey held upon the animals of the First Division, on the 12th and 21st of Octo- ber, in which those conid emned were described as useless on. account of glanders,-sore backs, and other diseases. There was no want of foram in October. General Aireyhad -rematl;ed that he, tMr. lder) in his explanatory letter, had stated that until ifteiF'th first bomibadinent he had not -knownwlerethe aniayws,ti cwinter,butiddedSirRichard -" he could nothave ftintdTe4Ito 6cnve y that that wviAthe conseqiience of any reserve on- the part of Lord Raglan." ;He (Mr. Filder) was anxious to state, that he did notmean -'to inpute any reserve to Lord alan, with whom, on the contrany, bhe had ulore ponii nnication than probably; 'any officer i-his positiosibadeverbefouie had with a cornnmander-in-chief. Colonel Gordonhad stated that the Commissariat drew upon the Quaitermaster-Gemeral'3 stores withoul any-Tequisitieo to. t Quarterrmastw-Genreaal, 1A $ that su'ch drawings accounted-partially for the deficiencies. He (Mr. Filderj denied thiat, h, had ever authorized snli drawings, e-cept upon -two -ccasions,. when asnoe old blan-. keta thliat the'soldiers'-would not take and a few kettles were dawn from the Qiuartejnnaster.Genera, s stores. t In Aswerto.quiesti6ns fronmtheBOAnnD,Xr F.,der stated itha th heComrnissagiatkDepenrtment was only reaponsible for jthe custody and issue of quartermaster-general's stores upon. Ireqmii,ftio,sapproved c'by thalitlter'defirtment. 2N'o mo - ,plaint w ,s made of treen offee until -Noveraber. He- ha - seiit:home a requisition for-routed coffee in the beginning of- Otober, "hut ,he'Adid not reeive any asimtil the.24th-.of -January.. Mad his uiiti6to the Trea ~ry for hav to 'oe'sent from F,nglandbentended tohe-ould hive lieen table ' So --hae beter neans; of'. traWsport in- th l Crifiea, , his means of trasspoit *erelisimited, not on-acount of--a- deficiehay nf -aninals butof. th m eenato feed more. B He gdid noit .onsider t'n-a answer which' Sir C. Trevelyni hid- ;givehiompits h ras ira sufficlent answer. 'Colonel Gordon, i±h:r,ply tequestion from 31r. Elder; caid, in'Oetober llthe hogse transport were placed at the jdispo:loEf the Comuissnto enable i 6 procareupplies oE cattI4, 'aid again -iT Dicenaber the .-essels -were plced at Xr. Filder's-disposa: ' ' ' -' 2-b:,Jilder expluiiied,_as we -understood, that the transsports thus givenhto ins wee i equired for otler pnrpos- ; one off hheia'oeog-dp with- ch¢ro, and -another with tiuber'ihd:'iepjed stz 'r. ':: s J:The,JuDGs-:A:Ds6ciTs'idthat D. -BAfour had lumded t;fifpurtiorting>o. e obeen dictated by Coloniel T llch,i-.in. refereice1hColo'nel Gordouls remarks upon cr t,ieice-tikenib' thensi iorst±sweich was omitted from' their7report; -Tbbo-;d'*eremwingto reopen a ae-~bicbh ad;eb uinglit to a cl06o , but Colonel Tulloch's statement ou.this suhjc rould be received. and CiloiaG 'oiadoiohi bly4or*ard:i.wntten reply, so tlit thebi rd et itohotisideration. -Dr.~ Balfdnzaid,' 'hr sil furnfih Colonel- Gordon with a'cfjof''Colodel-Tmi6ch's eplinlation '-~':' r-^feJ:2botsi that. CaptaiA Hleifth,l,N. liadap~Ai~? pewrmasan todappcar and aniih rer cerin endene, men CM6}opelGoidon before the comisiohers elat'ivr6his:&dnt is frau ttagai at Bava.w :The lii*rinclin M t&gi /CaPtain-HethFacuopportinnit of e-itenAiiij,'asud J -'niisrpose -irould adJourn unt Monday ierxt ;-: i -> - -.I -= - : - r *-: rM.JIderbs1i6bed'tliathe biad-nolurther Bstateiient to M hidCofthte 'dTjoilnintll Mondiart 1 o'clock. 4 j I i I
CENTRAL AMERICA. The correSpDndent of the rev Yok Timnes, wiiti from the seat of war -in Central America, give3 the following graphic description of the proceedings of Walker and his party against the Costa :Ricans. Writing on the 12th of April,. he, says " Owing to the irregularity of communication your-cor. respondent is more an observer than a chronicler of events for the past month. But These events must soon come to a close. Walker has met with three defeats in as many weeks, and in these defeats he has lost his future chanoes_of success. His forces are reducedi his sources of supply cut off, and the best portion of his territory is in the hands:oj; his mortal enemies. " At the battle of Santa Rosa, in the 8departEneut Guanacaste, 305 men, l nderthe command of Colonel Schles. singer, were defeated in a three minutes' engagement, and put to rout with the loss of 127. men. ;4After two w,tkes Dreparation Walkier, with all his forces,- arted floml ig. lead-quarters at Rivas, on the Gth of A=ril, and got; on 'board the lake steamboat San CarIos, for the pre., tended purpose of invading Costa Rica, by way of the Serapaqu3e River; but scarcely had he withdrawn his troo, fromV rgin-bay and San Juan del Sur when the eueiny2 marched into the abandoned towns, and beheld from thee lakle shore the departure of the steamer. When Walksr got to Castillo, halfwaydown the San Juan River, he altered his mind on the Serapaque subject, and having despatched1 46 men to-take possession of its niouth where it enters thj San Juan, 30 mniles from Greytown,: Be.took3the.baek_trAei4 and was just in time, the following morning, to see the inhabitants he had abandoned shot in the streets, andthe vi;. lage reduced to ashes. San Juan dol Sur shared the sane fate, and the city of Rivas, which one- day before was thi,' head-quarters of General Walker, withouta a single shot,;! fell into the hands of the enemy; thus easily have .they got a basis of operation on the most approved military science, and a line of defences wbich, while it secures theii own communication, at the same time cats'off allhope of' relef or retreat on the part of the foe. In order to recover-: from-the results of this great error, with the blindness, Di Ca. madman he falls into an error even greater. When he saw - the burning of the new pier at Virgin Bay, and was informed of the murder of the peaceable citizens by one who' had miraculously escaped, he directed his course to Granada, a distance of 55 miles, and, disembarling his men, coin menoed a march on Rivas witb tf0 men. These 55 miles were accomplished at 8 o7cl6ck on the morning of the 11th, and, without even halting, the order to attack wS given, while the enemy were drawing ap on the Plaza to receive them. It is true the Americans fought bravely 'for Dear 12 hours; but, as might be expected under. such circumstances4 the highest glory they could achiever was to prolong the £fght till tbe. darkness would cover their retreat; and they once more iturned to Granada, leaving 150 of their comrades in their dyingagonies, to D-be committed to the earth by their enemies. -he second.: battle of Rivas does not more strongly prove the bravery! of Walker's soldiery than it does the incompetency of their-, commander-in-chief. The reports of this affair in the El. licercguense state that Walkcer gained a great -victory, and-' kIdlled 500 foeswitli the loss of only 30 men. Isuproseeyoi ' are aware that that paper is Walker's property. lhe typse was seized from its lawful owners when Walker entered Granada, andfor the benefit of the Government was confiscated. Walkerfarms out the printing for $100 per week to fve of his soldiers. " So tenacious is General Walker of the freedom of the press that he would not allow Colonel P. H. French to_ start a paper, after he had brought out all the materials for the undertaking, a few weeks ago. So the Colonel has returned with his types and press to New Oxleans. It is not generally known in the United States that no one can travel in NTicaragua withoult a passport. Yet such is the fact, and in consequlence of this fact some at least of the persons murdered at Virgin Bay were victimized, and in all probability the next news you hear from this place -will bring, you the details of such another massacre at Castello, on the' San Juan River. I knowv there are four American ladies at1 that place and some six men anxious to get away with their lives, but the instmetions are, 'L et none depart without,^ a psssport signed by General Walker;' and, as there is no communication with Granada, there is no getting Walker's signature, andatherefore there is no escape, although the) enemy ishourly expected there. Castillo is the key of the San Juan River, an(; the company posted there, imuner com- - mand of Captain Kely, seize on the property of any t-s- sengers who pass, and appropriate it to their own use, t eir'ustification being, as Walker gives them neither pay nor food, thev must live how they can. There is a general dix. rontent among the soldiers, zad desertion where it is possible is-becoming quite common. A few days ago there was. u.other brush with a party of Costa licans and some 46 men, 10 miles from the mouth of the Serapaque. The Costa Ricans were cutting a waggon road ifrom San Joe6 to the river San Juan, along the banks of the Serapaque, and had come within ten miles of the former - river, 'whenthe Americans surprised thom wvith one volley whichis said tohave killed 20 persons, but beforetheycould, reload they had to fly, leaving the lieutenant in comtand - a corpse on the ground. In two days after 12 of this party'j deserted, taling their rifles and ammunitionwith them,ann I floated down the iver on a raft to Greytown. Two of thecaptains who fled at Santa Rosa are now on leave to thes States, Creighton and Thorpe,-tho first on leave of absence7 toattendhis trial in New ork, tim last on French leave.:: Nearly one-half of the passengers by the last steamers werr left on the river and invited to cut their way through, and, of course will have to take their chance of life or deathThe balance retarn to NOw York after spendiii_g their money and losing their time. These steamers7 refuse to take Walker's order, and the inhabi-l tants of Greytown had to enter, into a subscriptions to send 31 persons to New York, ho -were starvng in3 that city. T'he English are said to be sendin a fleet to Greytown, and have given notice of the blockade of the river. This is a great act of charity, if carried out to save, some of these deluded men from destraction. Captai Scott refuses to deliver up the property of the Transit Coin p any on Pnnta Arenas to the agent appointed by the coi-n pany. He says he holds it in the name of General Walker, who seized on it some weeks ago. The American Consul was applied to, but he could do nothinig; theEnglish Consul wov.rd nLot interfere in American matters; so things stand..: Scott holds the rank of Colonel in Walker's army, and is in all his acts 200 years behind civilization. Latest repor' left Walker sick at Granada, where all his troops are con-. centrated. The Costa Ricans have encamped on the S Juan, above Castllo about 12 miles." General Mora had issued a proclamation that all . Fillibusters taken vwith arms in hand should be subjectto death. " But all the Fillibusters who have not used their arms against this Republic, and give' up out of free will their arms anud persons to officers of the Costa Rica army shall be pardoned." Appended to this proclamation is a list of the Fillibusters shot. Walker, in retaliation, had issued a notice to his men that "' no priioners were to be . taken. The following letters, published in a New Orleans paper, will show how many of the Filibusters had been deceived in their anticipations of grants ofland, &c. The letters which appear in the New Crleans Delta, are as follow:- " FnOM A MAN -WHO -WASSt SHOT. "LETTER FITOM IILLIP E. TOOHEY, rPFsoNEr. In LIBE- liA, TO JOSEPH B RDfAXN, ESQ., EDITOR OF TEE 'XiW`' ORLEANS DELTA.' "Liberia, 3March 26. "Dear Sir,-I have had bad lock since my last letter, in which I informed you that Walker was about to send a force of SO0 or 400 men to Costa Rica, under the command of Colonel Schlessinger. The Fillibusters arrived at Ssnta Bosa, and at this point fell in with the Costa Rican troops. After a sharp but brief contest the Fillibasters were completely defeated. Being in a proper position, I was a witness of the fight; and, while tr&g to join my com. panions, I received a shot in the left arm, which has since bcen amputated. At present I remain in Liberia, where the CostaRican army surgeons are curingnmeperfectly. 19 prisoners-who were taken prisoners with arms in their hands-have been condemned to death 'by a Council of' War, and, at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon, were shot inthis place. "As correspondent ofEyour joatual, I-was saved by tho President of Costa Rica from suffering a similar fate.1 ! 4 I beg you and Mr. Segar will fonrard me a letter, reco5OAsiimg me as your correspondent, in order to prove that' I am not a Fillibaster soldier. -"I am very desirous that you should employ all your influence to prevent more Americans from joining WalkIer.- Al these poor-wretches, instesa of receiving 250 acres oE' land, areforced to take arms. "_' The situation bf Walker is eritlcic Cohta Rica hassent 3,000 men against him, and IU am a good witness that these soldiers fight like tigers. From Hunduras there are now 1,001 men nearthe frontior of Nicaragua. From San Salvador on the 14th of this month there marched 2,00X men, andat thesametime 3,000 or 4,00D are coming from Gu atemala. Tho natural result of this will doubtless be the complete overthrow of Walker in avery short time. A nronuncuzamento of the inhabitants of Nilcaragua ugalustb Walkeris very ,orobable. They only wait the arrival of the allied troops to ~Join their ranks. Moreover, Valker cannot receive supplies by way of San Juan del Norte, since the Government of Costa Rica has taken means to prevent auy' steaner from passingthe river. San Jan del Sar, in my, opinion, in a very few days will be in the hands of the Costa Ricaane. "No more at present. " 1 remain your sincere friend, "FIIPnn' E. Tooazy." "FROMt A M%N %-Ho WASS SHOT. "LErTBE FROM PEXTER GONXNA, WHO WAS SHOT, T(A ,- JOHN cONSOLLY._ "Liberia, Costa Rica, March 25. " My dearect Cousin John,-You cannot imagine with what anguishi I wrrits this t inforinou of my fatal destiny. I svastaken with16 others. Atthisvery moment weare receivingthe last exh6rtations of the Costa Rlican priests.. It is now 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and at 4 we are to sEffcer. the penalty of death. ' God have mercy upon us!I "I eharge you to 'say to all my relatives and friends in, general, and yarticularlvt Thomas and his friends, that: theymust not come to -lcamgua, because, for them and for! man;F others, itis much better to remin at home. Nobody: reeives the 250 acres of land there, but every one is forced, by Walker to takce arms, whether they have money or not.- lIbelieve that Colmanind DavidFerrier hai e scaped. Nii' more at present, from' your most affectionate cousin, "[Very similar to the above are all the letters which thef remaining prisoners' haYe written to 'their families, and: which will bo forwarrded imnediately.] . THE POST-OFFICE ON VA''S-2&y.-4 0Od2 ing to the Postmaster-General's report, the number ot valentines which passthrough the Pos-office is upwds of $00,000. Of these the largest proportion is in England antd Srotland,and inbath these aSo the kndam thenu.taser is increasin g, bult in Ireland it 'is o3 the decrease,4'vi
HISTORY OF GBBECE.* _Mr. Grote has been unable to redeem the promise made in the preface to his 11th volume. Plato and Aristotle are reserved for a separate treatise, "devoted speciallyto an account of Greek speculative bilosophy in~ the-fourth century, iB.C." The 12th volumeis, therefore, thelastof this great work, nor a e we disposed to complaim thatthe events from the death of Philip to "the close of the generation con-femporary with Alexander'v have not been com-- Dressed into a smaller compass. The historian has exercised a wise discretion in allowing the curtain to fall at this epoch. Even at the commencement of Alexander's reign " the Hellenic world has ceased to be autonomots ;" after a fewyears of conquest, " instea4 of Hellenizing Asia,he was tending to Asiatize Macedonia and Hellas ;" after the battle of Ipsus it m3ay truly be said that "-- Greece, as a separate subject of history, 'no longer exists." The government and forces of the " Diadochi" were hardly more Hellenic than the army of General Williams was English, unless militiray organization and official language be the essence of nationality. Nor did the Achtean League satisfy " the ancient Grecian sentiment of an autonomous' Hellenic world as the indispensable condition of a dignified and desirable existence." It does but bridge over the chasm between two periods of degradation-the period whenAthens trembled before the generals of Alexander, and the period when ve no longer hear of Greeks north and south of Thermopyhe, but of "Macedonia" and "Achaia." Demosthenes didnot add Arbela to the list of PanHellenic victories in his memorable oath, nor is the portrait of Aratus placed on a level wvith the ancient worthies of Greece in the historical gallery of Plutarch. We are not surprised to find that MNr. Grote, whose leanings, when he does not " atticize," are decidedly Pan-Hellenic, should describe with little relish the course of " that non-Hellenic conqueror into whose vast possessions the Greeks are absorbed, with their intellectual brightness bedimmed, their spirit broken, and half their virtues taken away by Zeus." Not that any of Mr. Grote's great merits are absent from this volume; his amazing familiarity with Greek politics finds ample scope in the party contests, not now between the many aud the few, but between Philo-Macedonians and Anti-Macedonians in every independent town of Greece; his sound judgment unravels the intricacies of Alexander's campaigns and estimates the results of his conquests; his patient research digests A rnian, Diodorus, and Cteius, as it formerly digested Rerodothus, Tituwydides, and Demtostheoes. Butt it is useless to conceal that it is no longer a labour of love. MIr. Grote travels over the last days of Greece like Xerxes' soldiers " under the lash ;" he writes with the air of a man who has a sad duty to perform. Yet there is a certain rueful satisfaction (such as Bias might have felt after the reduction of Ionia) in his description offlthe evils which befel those little States whichwould not follow the course which he, who loved them better than one of their own citizens, prescribed. The mildness and incorruptibility of Phokion fare no better than the respectability and religion of Nikias, for, " in Phokion's patriotism" "no account was taken of Athenian independence-of the autonomy or selfmanagement of the Helleric world." And so Grecian liberty perished. He stands over the wasted frame, declaring that, if his advice had been followed, it would never have happened. But he has not the heart to attend the obsequies, and we sympathize with his feeling. But while we do not yield to Mr. Grote in admiration of the Greek republics in general, and Athens in particular, as the'birthplace of a noble type of character, and the conservators of a freedom, disorderly indeed but sublime in its idea, which they illustrated with an unrivalled literature, we cannot but see their incapacity to exercise direct influence on the destinies of mankind. Perfect as working models (so to speak) of city government, they were fitted, like some ildividuaLs, to instruct rather than to lead the human race. Great instruments must be employed to effect great ends, and, to say nothing of the enormous evils which attend such constitutions, cities cannot beneficiaUy administer imperial functions except in that kind of combination which Greece repeatecly and signally failed to realize. It is this factthe intrinsic smallness of Athens, Sparta, and Thebes-of Oreek States, in short, which, by Plato's confession, would cease to be States if they should contain above 100,000 citizens-that must qualify our grief at their suiecessive subjugation by the power of Macedonia and Rome, and explain the contempt of Alexander when he characterized the campaign of Agis as a battle of frogs and mice. fr. Grote's sole idea of Alexander's influence on Greece is "compression,"-" free development" being the life of republican institutions; but we cani imagine a point of view in wshich " expansion" would seem the more appropriate term for the change wrought by Alexander on the narrowness of Rellenic policy. A similar bias leads Mr. Grote to attribute to peculiar circulmstances, and to the perversities of individuals or particular States, what was, in fact, the operation of a general law-the ascendancy of :M cedon3ia under Philip and Alexander. It was not merely that "Greek citizens were not like trained Macedonian soldiers" (just as the feudal contingents could not stand against paid standing armies), nor that Alexander and his father had engrossed to themselves the inexhaustible energy once the characteristic of the Athenians ;- the sufficient cause was that of which modern Europe supplies illustrations to superfluitythe want of cohesion in the Hellenic body, rendering it unable to resist either the arms or the bribes of its stronger neighbour. Jike the Scotch clans of a century and a-half since described by Mr. MIacaulay, these self-governed townships could not be united except under the comm and of a foreigner; even common hatred proved too feeble a bond. One year made Alexander absollute master of Greece. The prevailing feelng at his accession is registered in Mr. Grote's pithy table of contents as " Discontent in Greece, but no positive movement." The autumn of the year B.C. 336 witnessed the Cmnvention of Corinth, which " recogrnized Hellas as a confederacy under the Mlacedonian Prince as imperator, president, or executive head and arm." During the winter the spirit of the treaty was constantly infringed by the intervention of Macedonian officers in the afairs of the contracting States, and certain aggressions at sea, which led to commulications between Athens, at least, and Persia. It is rather humiliating to hear that " even down to the eve of the battle of Issus Demosthenes and others were encouraged by their correspondents in Asia to anticipate success for Darius even in pitched battle." We have no intention of justifying offensive war, however ultimately conducive to civilization or supported by the pretext of ancient wrongs. Nor do we deny that Athens might legitimately, however contrary to prudence, invoke the aid of Persia " against the dominion of another foreigner, at once nearer and more formidable." But we cannot admit her right to tamper with Persian gold while she knelt in homage beforo Alexander, and after he had tWiCe been recogniized in a Pan-HeUenic Synod as the Generalissimo of Greece. It was not the weakness, but the baseness of his subject-allies that made Alexander treat them, not now only, but in the rescript concerning exiles but a year before his death, with less respect than he had shown to the churlish Diogenes. Mlr. Grote evidently approves of the plot hatched at Thebes during Alexander's expeditions against the Thracian Triballi ar.dIllyrians. But whenhe whom they fondly believed to be dead swooped upon that city, the patriotism of which paid the penalty which its treason had often deserved, he found nothing but obsequious and cringing instruments. If the fall of l'hebes and the cruel revenge of the conqueror remind us of Frederick Barbarossa at Milan, there were not wanting rival cities to act the part of Pavia and Cremona by insulting her ruins. Sparta alone is exempt from the sharme of this deplorable duplicity and vacillation. She had no cause to blush when the 300 panoplies taken at the Granietis were presentedto Athens from "Alexander, son of Philip, and the Greeks, except t7e )Lacedfemoians." And as Philip acted justly when he- spared Athens but punished Thebes after Ch<eronea, no one can fairly complain because Alexander treated his Persian prisoners more leniently than the subjects of those States which had solemnly sanctioned his expedition. To that epe dition we hasten, the more readily because Mr. Grote does not seem tousto havefully ippreciated the prodigious space which it fills in bistory. Thrice only in historical times has any permanent con quuest been made by Europe in Western Asia, and the tide of invasion that sets so steadily from east to west been reversed. .'The first. war due to the individual genius bf Alexander, as the second to the national genius of the Roman people; to " devour the whole earth" was the one aim and destiny -of either, and Sparta was the Cato whose "fierce soul" remained untamed amid an obedient world. The third case is that of the crusades. We have not Mr. Grote's. scruples in considering the exploits of Alexander as an essential part of Helteaic history. They were achieved by a prince of Hellenic descent and Hellenic character, the acknowledged general of an Hellenic congress, and to gratify Hellenic antipathies. It was the Greek language and civilization that were spread by them; and few can doubt that, while free institutions are the imperishable legacy of Greece to posterity, her actual influence on contemporary history was never so great as under Alexander and his successors. The i.nner life, and with it the self-consciousness of Greece,, is indeed all but extinct; all is darkness there from the death of Demosthenes; but to the surrounding nations the prodigious physical energy now concentrated and thrown outward upon Asia must have appeared more dazzling and commanding than the moral grandeur of the age of Pericles. The philosopher does not proportion his interest to the magnitude of phenomena, but it is thetowering cliff and the earthquake shock that arrest the attention of common observers. Those whose political experience is so extended as our own, who have witnessed the rise and fall of empires won by the highest military talents and consolidated wNith profound sagacity, can ill imagine the awe with which a Greek regarded the Persian monarchy. The terror which the " Great Turk" inspired in the half-fledged Powers of medieval Europe, the tremendous prestige of the " Grand Monarque" at the end of the 17th century, the abject reverence of the native Hindoo for the East India Company, inadequately represent the overwhelning impression produced by the "Great Ring." As the Ionian gazed on that road which led from the prostrate metropolis of the Lydian princes to the Royal city of their couquerors, more distant from him than the Pillars of Hercules from Western Peloponnesus-as he thought of the mountainchains and rivers which it traversed, too vast to be contained in Greece, yet serving only as divisions between Persian satrapies,-as he calculated thetreasures of a monarch whose pillow was more valuable than the whole revenue of a Greek republic, and one of whose capitals (Persepolis) was found by Alexander to contain nearly 28,000,0001. sterling-he might well feel that, however such a Power might fail in its more remote schemes, the seat of empire was inexpugnable. As in J ewish history Egypt and Assyria assume gigantic proportions, -whether in their friendship or enmity, so in the family squabbles (such they must have seemed to a Persian satrap) of the Greek Confederation, the dark and colossal form of Persia looms in the background, filling the whole Eastern horizon and the greater part of the known world, no longer dreaded as an aggressor, but aUpowerful as an ally or patron. The conversations of Xerxes with Deemaratus, of Darius Codomanus with Charidemus, irresistibly recal to our recollection those of the King of Brobdignag and Gulliver. The punishment of the great king is placed by Plato, somewhat as the fall of the Assyrian oppressor is in Isaiah, as the consummation of Omnipotent justice; and ffEschines introduces as the crowning wonder of his age, too great for posterity to believe, the astounrding disasters of the successor of Xerxes. Such impressions have not been falsified by the results of modern research. The empire of Cyrus, similar in its rise to aU Oriental kingdoms, to that of Saladin, Genghis Khan, and Timur, greNv with the rapid growth and wild luxiuriance of a nomad government and absorbed into itself all other Asiatic nationalities. Although, as Heeren has shown, it never progressed beyond supreme nomadic maggnificence, with its periodical migrations from Ekbatana to Susa, and from Susa to Babylon, its provincial parks and "paradises," its tribute levied in kind from the various satrapies, the Persian M1onarchy displayed much of the intelligence of a modern despotism. Al the despotic vices, it is true, flourished there-the inaccessibility of the ruler, a cumbrous offlcial system, the petty intrigues of the seraglio, the jealousies and frightful vindictiveness of rival favourites, the absence of any control on the Administration save the precarious influence of the priest-caste. Nevertheless, what Philip de Comines mentions as the peculiar happiness of England was in some degree the fortune of this lawless and heterogeneous empire; the conseaquences of the evils fell principally on their authors, while the mass of the people enjoyed tranquility. A rigorous administration of justice, enforced by penalties of such cruelty as " despotism alone can either devise or execute," the separation of civil and military power in the provinces, the vigorous encouragement of agriculture by law as well as by the religion of Zoroaster, had produced a state of material prosperity which was incompatible with the incessant political agitation of small communities. WYe imitate Xenophon and other Greek authors in directing our attention too exclusively to the "upper crust" of Persian society, to the Pasargadaa, neglecting the other tribes,-to the military rather than4to the financial or physical resources,-to the relations of Persia with Greece, withoiit regard to her dealings with her own subjects or with other nations. It was against this stupendous Power, the scale and organization of whiclhpresent moreanalogies with the great European monarchies than with Athens at her proudest moment, that Alexander now advanced, after a solenin sacrifice (like that of Hannibal at Gades), to the hero Protesilaus at Eheus. It was 80 years since an armament scarcely inferior to his had set sail westward, amid the prayers and cheers of the Athenlianpeople, to conquer an island which might have been assigned as a fief of office (such donations were ordinary in Persia) to a dignitary of Darius's household. With a force of about 35,000, in which the highest posts were held by native Macedonians, and with a scanty military chest, he invaded an empire the wealth of' which was inexhaustible, and which numbered in its army, coUected fronm aU parts, but officered chiefly by the conquering Persian race, more Greeks than Alexander could muster. Mr, Grote reminds us that the strength and discipline of the Macedonian army, as well as what he calls the "W War-office arrangements," were due to Philip. So Gibbon disparages Charlemagne because he succeeded to the military system created by a line of heroes. But Mr. Grote himself would admit that the general who " surpassed his age in provident and even long-sighted combinations," and who handled kingdoms with the ease of Napoleon, would certainly have formed such an army had not his father already done so. Military history, to be understood, muist be studied in detail. Mr. Grote follows the. earlier busigness-of Alexander in his own clear ancl bcpigneslke oAanner, gives fresh interest to the well-known names of Granicus, Issus, and Arbela, and developes the less obvious but no less masterly operations by which Alexa-nder reduced every Power capable of annoying his rear. It is quite refreshing, to strengthen our faith in generalship, shaken by the events of the last three years, with the account of battles in which valour was always supported by skilU; sieges in which the best mechanical resources of that agewere employed, not only with rare perseverance, but with unfail- in success ; [marches in which the greatest natural difficulties were overcome with very small loss. Sometimes the Homeric hero, sometimes the scientific strategist predominates; but caution or boldness is equally fortunate, because exactly adapted to the emergency. The proverbial good fortune of Alexander is no more than the " fortuna Populi Romani," or the constant good luck of Pompey, which Cicero alleges as a substantive reason for appointing him to an important command. The sieges of Halicarnassus, Tyre, and Gaza were works of immense laboiur, and the last two would infallibly have misearried in hands less able and energetic. The battles of Granicus and Issus were carried by a dashing charge, though not till after careful reconnoitring, but the dispositions before the battle of Arbela are those of a consummate generaL The Cilician and Syrian gates were left, it is true, almost undefended, and the posts at the Txian and Susian Passes were surprised by a neglected mountain-track, like the band of Leonidas at Thermopylie; but the Rock of Chorienes, which, Mr. Grote says, " he was also -fortunate enough to reduce," was not taken without a combination of measures which, Dr. Thirlwall justly observes, "would have appeared to a common eye utterly iinpracticable." Mi. Grote does not willingly or consciously extenuate the greatness of Alexander. He sees it, but he does not feel it. He describes effectively his victories and their consequences, he examines Hist0ory of arecco. By George Grote* -Fz. Vol, x& oiiginal authorities with "a fidelity whioch so far as we have been.able to test it, is inmpenchable.- But he does not altogether rise to his subject. His narrative is adequate, but tot stirring. We miss, i short, theheartfelt interes'- which shed lustre on the Lst greatsiea-fight.of the Athenians inl the har- bour of Syaue We would xeadily sacrifice the impattiality-which we -have gained for the enthusiasmn which we have lost. " Eehenism, properly so called-the aggregate of habits, sentiments, energies, and intelligence manifested by the Greeks during their epoch of autonomy"-is " stagnant and suspended." True. It has done its workin the world, and is soon to be superseded by other and ruder agencies. But there is a sublimity in graideurof effects, aswell as innobilityof sentiment; and, in this point of view, all Hellenic conteats and even the exploits of Agesilaus and the Ten Thousand are mere forays or trials of strength compared with the death-struggle which, as Alexander told Si5ygambis, was to decide "the mastery 'of Asia." The surrender of Babylon and Sum, with the demolition of Persepolis in the beginnig of 3.c. 330, forms the natural division in Alexander's career between the conquest of the western and that of t1he eastern provinces of Persia. The latter is described with less minuteness by Mr. Grote than by Dr. Thirlwall. According to him, the projects which occupied this " insatiate aggressor" on the banks of the Jaxartes, the Indus, and the Hyphasis can " hardly be regarded" by the historian of Greece "as included within the range of his subject," and in this judg- ment we acquiesce. Suffice it . to say that the last seven years of Alexander's life display the same untiring activity and rapidity of thought and action that place him with Bonaparte andTimur among the foremost of human conquerors. He pursues Darius till this true type of an-Oriental Sultan, who owed his crown to the eunuch Bagoas, was raurdered by Bessus, follows up Bessus as he had followed Darius, and Spitamenes as he had Bessus. He assaults the hill forts of Bactria and Affghanistan, and the mountaineers of Mardia and Par etacene from a pure intolerance of adversaries or obstacles. He sacrifices the loveliest district of Socgdiana to an impulse of passion, and restores the rich territories of Taxilus and Porus froman impulse of generosity. The red line on Mr. Grote's map that begins at Pella, ends where the greatest Asiatic empires have begun, on the banks of the Jaxartes in one -direction, while in another it traverses the Punjab, and is only cut short on the Sutlej, because the Macedonian soldiers could not keep pace with the restless ambition of their General. Yet, they had more than once reposed, while he with the picked corps of " Companions" was scouring the surrounding districts. One Alexandria had been 'founded on the westernmost mouth of the Nile, another commanded the approach to the Pass of Bamian, between Cabul and Balkh, over which Alexander had passed by a route longer and probably more hazardous than that of Hannibal over the Little St. Bernard. The descent of the Indus and the frightful march through the Gedrosian Desert, complete the campaigns, but not the toils of Alexander. He had already revisited all his three capitals, punished with pitiless severity offending satraps, reorganized his army, and crushed an alarming mutiny; superintended in person great commercial designs on the Tigris and Euphrates, and conceived schemes so vast as to be abandoned in despair by his successors, when death, a deathwhich " afected either the actual condition or the probable future" of every existing nation, overtook him at Babylon. lIn his dying bequest of the kingdom " To the ablest," we read the history of an heroic life. The luminous reflections of Mr. Grote on the character and deeds of Alexander will form an appropriate preface to the events which followed on his death. (To be continued.)
TiE BRITISH COMMONWEBALTI.* The object of the writer of this compact work is to give a clear and compendious description of the powers, duties, and rights of the different branches of our Government, their functions, and the mode in which they are discharged. This comprehends the action of what is called the State; combining with it an equally succinct description of the rights and powers of the governed, the people. It is a gigantic theme for a single volume; but, startin" with a clearly-defined plan before him, Mr. Cox has avoided the two perils that beset all who undertake such a task. Ile has not been drawn into the diffuseness to which writers are so often tempted by opportunities for abstract disquisition; and, dealing with intricate details, he is not entangled and overpowered by them, but exhibits a faculty of analysis and compression for which the reader cannot be too ,grateful. There is something national in this self-control, which forbears to say all that might possibly be said on a given subject. The qttality may be traced in our political system itself as well as in our writers on it. lNo estate of the realm ever exercises to its fullest extent the power it in theory possesses; and, happily, no expounder of our constitution has ever yet attempted to exhaust everything that could be said or imagined of its merits and defects. That attempt a German commentator would certainly make. Ms pen would take possession of his soul, and lead it away, captive and slave, through whole realms and reams of speculation, with a result, in point of bulk, perfectly astonishing. In such hands the matter of this volume would have been expanded into ten, with an appendix of a few more to supply omissions. But, much as MIr. Cox, with such vast materials before him. must have condensed, he has not omitted anything that properly came within his plan. He has prepared for the student an excellent and useful manual of the British commnonwealth, its constituent parts, their relation to each other and to the community; it is at the same time an admirable work of reference for explanations of those numerous and often perplexing details in the practical working of our many offices, courts, rnd administrative departments which are not to be found in larger works. In the portions of the work devoted to the ballot, Democracy, the relations of a State and its colonies, social evils and pauperism, the leading principles involved in these questions are tersely stated and developed. They accompany or precede those descriptions of the working machinery of the elective system, colonial administration, the Poor Laws, and every branch of our Government-fiscal, judicial, and ecclesiastical-which give the book its practical utility as a guide through these official mazes. It is not intended to supersede the elaborate works that may be found on many of the abovenamed subjects ; it has a distinct purpose of its own, and that it fully achieves. There were commentators on our law, before Blackstone, and there will be historians of our constitution after Hallam. But from time to time works less voluminous are required, embodying the changes by which both laws and constitution are continually modified. The British JCommon'weaUh contains enough of the historian and the essayist to entitle it to a place in the library; while its exact and minute information on points of detail will make it a valuable aid in the labours of the counting-house and the public office. * Th7e Britisht ConrnwaweaWL; or, a Conwmuntary on the Institutions and Pri7ncipes of British Governuent. By fomersham Cox M.A. Longman.
LOCAL DUES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I do nob think there will be found an instance of greater injustice in the exaction of local dues than what presents itself in our trade with rlnd. We import thence agricultural produce chiefly, which has to compete in the markets of I ncashire and orkshire with that of the EngUlsh fanner; but the Irilsman, besides incurring necessarily greater expenses for carriage, &c., finds his produce rated with the Liverpool town dues in addition, from which the English farmer is exempt. These are not a trifle in the agregate they cannot amount to lessthan 8,000i. or 9,000. early, and from the fact of most Irish produce being sent here on consigmLent they fall almost exclusively upon the producer, who derives no benefit in any way from them. It is a fact also worthy of note that, while the Liverpool corporation levies tribute on Irish produce imported chiefly on Irish account, according to certain specled rates, in general only one-half of such rates are imposed on English produce sent to Irdland. Manufactured articles imported from Ireland into England are every year increasing in importance, and the same remarks apply equally to them as to agricultural produce. As to the almost universal effect of these dues upon our manufacturers, I may instance the case of a merchant at Dundee. He buys his iute or East India hemp in this market; it has previously been subjected to town dues, he ships it offto Dundee, and it is taxed again; probably he ret-urns it to ns in a manufactulred state and it is again taxed, and if the property is soldhero for exportation abroad it is taxed a fourth tio i I can hardly conceive aything more degradingto a conscientious member of the House of Commons than to consider himself compelled from his position with his consituents to advocate and support a system of tribute hardly worthy a half-civilzed people. TI am. rpmerfnllv. I Liverpool, MaylW.
LAWF RPOR. ADMuIALTk COMM F=XT. M* 16. - HE-7IEGOATU-COLIOM. '- ' -(Before Dr.-LUS=GTo j.l ThiS was an action brought by the smack Chang of the burden of 64 tons, against the brigLegatus, of the burden of-265-tons, to recovek the lo aising from a -collision -be. tweentheniabout7 a.i.- ointheh3d'of lovember la- The smack vas bouid on a Esfig- Voyqe* from Greenwich to the North Sea, and, having taken someefish, brought uP in 1wowestoft Roads. While riding at ingle anchor, with a second ready to let go, she observed the brir, as she alleged, at a distanice of two miles, standing tow her starboard bow, until she was within 160 fathoms of her, when Lthe brig ported her helm, but almost isnm6diately afterwa-is strboarded it, and ran into the smack, doig her-counsidera bledamage. Thebrigwas-rocelingin bat from oundon to Newcastle, and, in con,equ. of tho violence of the wind, had brought up offthe come: of Sugblk but the chain parted at the hn-awse le, und he-- then ran for Lowestoft Roads, vwere, as she said, she foiund that a large number of vessels had r', in for ahelter frm the humcane, and tbrt 'be whole ro.ubead was in a state of the vildest coiJf ., anld terror. She -adopted every precantioiary, ea~~ fc iii her powct; but, in )consequence of the state Otfe Va 1.iid ali tide, uanvoidably came into contact with the smack. lDr. AnDD£.In ani I)Dr. qwss were heard for- the -siackDr. B * r oxnD anld Dr. D1wAS for the borig The learned RJUDGE inquired of the Elder Brethren .whether they thought the*(1hange was to blame, whether it was a case of inextable accnr, or whether the Legatus wvas in fault..- The ELDune BnrjBm3 inputed the sole blamne to the Legatus, and The COtUT pronounced accordingly. THE QUEEN DOWAG .-COSLLrON - This was a suit, promoted by the brig Friend's Increase against the schooner Queen Dowager, to recover for a total loss resulting from a coDision between them, at 2 30 a.n*., on the 4th of February last, about, seven miles from Scarborouglh. The briz, of the burden of 76 tons; coal laden, was bound from Shields to Ipswich; the schooner, of the burden of 120 tons, in ballast, was proceeding from Gravesend to West HartlepooL The night was dark and hazy, and thebrig, according to her plea, was closehauled on the starboard tack. On descrying the schooner distant about a quarter of a mile she exhibited a lightb but the schooner continued to approach without altering her course, aud having thereby rendered a coLision inevitable, the brig, in order to ease the blow, porsd her helm, but the schooner cut her down to the water's edge. The schooner in her defence alleged that no light was visible from the brig until she had approached within 50 yards of her, and that even then the vessels would have passed clear, if the brig, instead of heaving in stay had continued her course. Dr. ADDAIIS and Dr. TISvS were heard for the brig; Dr. D.4,NE for the schooner. The ELDER BRmrHREN were of opinion that both vessels were to blame, but that the collision was occasioned by the Queen Dowager not porting her helm when she frst descried the Friend's Increase. The COURT directed the damage to be divided.
COURT of BANVEUPTCY, Bantnghaastrcee y 1&. I IN RE SAMPSON LT1AE AP.XT.T v (Bdore Mr. Commisioner FoNBLAiw The bankrupt traded as a merchant and commission agent in Skiner-p.lace, Sise-lane, London, as S. I Sanville' and Co., and at iEioJameito as S. and IL Sanville. The accounts, whlich have been already published in cx. tenso in nfle Times, show, in substance, debts, 4,000t, and assets 2,6001., commencing on the 1st of October, 1854, with a surplus of 95t. Of the debts 35 O0. arise from liabilities on account of the Rio Janeiro house (also insolvent) and held to be proveable against the estate here. An adjournment was ordered, without discussion, to admit of an investigation of the bankrupt's transactions with Myers, Jacobs, and Co. (Bdore Mr. ComMWissOnCer FAS.) I?F RE J. =SCOCx. The bankrupt was a boot and shoe maket of Brook-street, Holborn. Ifis accounts have been published. This was the cerificate meeting. Mr. Parry appeared for the bankrupt; Mr. Stopher for the assignees, and Mr. Denny for threa creditors. It was objected that Mr. Denny's clients had not given notice of opposition. The COURT overruled the objection upon Mir. Denny stating that the opposition was on the ground of concealment of property, and that information of the alleged concealment had only recently come to the knowledge of the opposing creditors. Mr. Hayton deposed that a statement made by the bankrupt of his having mortgaged the lease of his premises in Brook-street to him for 1951., and received the money, was a pure fiction. The bankrupt, examined, said he had sold a horse and two carts to a ve rescectable person, a relative of his, at Epson, for 30_ ehe . had not been received, and no mention was made in his accounts of that sum being due to his estate. That was the only property oft at bad not been disclosed to his creditoxs. The sale took place fonr or five months before his bankruptcy. Mr. PABRy.-The property cannot be of much value now. His HoNour.-You think that the horse has bythis time about eaten his head off. There must be an adjounment for further inqairy. (Before Mr. Commi&soner EvA:s.) Di RE CRUTOILEY. The bankrupt was a partner in the firm of Burton, Gabb, and Crntchley, church funishers, of WMigmore-street. He 'was now granted a second-class certificate. A certificate of the second class was also awarded to C. Bowen, tailor, Cullunr-street.
IYSOLVENT DEBTOPW COURT, May 16. IN RE JAIES iRviNG SCOTT. (Before lr. Commissioner PHujps) This insolvent, described as the editor, proprietor. and publisher of the Reposrtei' and the Londont Evening lNewcs, was further heard. Mfr. Reed opposed for Mr. Conner, a bill-discounter; and two creditors appeared in person; Air. Macrae sup ported. - Ths case occupied some time, and in the course of the inquiry it was stated that the insolvent was the first to start a penny newspper, which he said was suspended in consequence of his imprisonment in Whitecross-street Prison, where he had been confined since February. He was the editor and proprietor of the Peporter, which had existed ten years, and on the type of which he had given two bills of sale, on which some farther evidence was required. Mr. Taylor, one of the creditors in person, was a creditor for printing, and wished to prove a vexatious defence, but his attorney was not in attendance. The other creditor, Mr. Jones, a licensed victualler, carrying on business near the insolvent's offices, held two checks, signed by him on the Lendon and Westminster Bank for 121. odd, which he had cashed to pay his men. The insolvent said he did not send the cheeks to Mr. Jones, but his foreman took them, in order to get money to pay the men. He believed he had about 251. in the bank about that time. The checks were not paid. Mr. Commissioner Pn[Prs examained the banker's book, and said it appeared the insolvent had money in the bank at the time. Ultimately the case was adjourned to produce evidence as to what had been done under the two bills of sale. IN RE THOMIAS TIIGGIS. This insolvent, a tailor, who had been proprietor of the Mhelsea and Kensington Observer, and who was on bail, applied to be discharged. There was no opposition, and the learned CowseussioNxE remarked that it was a queer thing to join a tailor and a newspaper proprietor together in one person. After the insolvent stood down preparatory to his adjudication of discharge it was mentioned that seven days ago the detaining creditor had lod-ed the discharge at the prison, and the question was wTether the Court had juisdiction in the case. During a pause on the point a person, who said his name was Reeves, claimed to be a creditor for ten guineas for writing in the newspaper, which appeared three or four times, and then ceased He declared that he wrote the whole paper-even the " Paris corresponidence." The insolvent denied that he owed him anything, and he only ap. peared because he would not advance him to-day half a crown. This allegation was denied, and a scene of excitemnent occurred. A female friend of the insolvent declared that what was written by Reeves was " rubbish," and the p7a3tr failed. par Commissioner PHuxars remarked on the deceion practised on the public-a person writing as from. aris when he was in London, and asking to be paid. Reeves said he did, and he took the idea from the insolvent. (laughter.) Reeves handed up two letters, which he said he had received from Lord John RusselL They were hauded to the Commssioner, and he refused to have them read, as the object w,s to parade certain higbnames before the public. The case was ahout to be adjourned for Reeves to produce some letters which he said would prove his case, and the Commissioner sent the question as to the discharge to the Chief Commissioner. The opinion of the Chief Conmissioner was that the Court had no jurisdiction to hear the case. Mr. Commissioner Purarrps informed the insolvent that he bad no jurisdiction to hear his case. The insolvent expressed his re ret, seeing the six weeW imprisonment he hadundergone=ore he got bail and tha expense he had incurred. The case was struck out, the Court having no jurisdictionm
POLICE. GUILDHIALL.-A younx mnan named Bolton was charged with stealing a gold watci, a gold locket, and a har gcxd, valued at about 307., from the Plough publchouse, in Fore; street) Cripplegate; and a nmn. named Jones carrying on the busmess of a jeweller, at Croeby-row, Walworth, was charged with reeiving the gold ratch, knowing it to have been stolen. .fr. Beard, from the office of Mfr. Buchanan, appeared for thepnrisoner Bolton. -Mrs. Stanton said she kepttheFlough, in Fore-street, and cnmew both the prisoners about the same time. Daring the last fortnight -Bolton had freoiTented the house, and on Tuesday lasthe was in the biliard-oom, from between 10 and 11 o'clock in the morning until about ten minutes past 12 at noon. After he was gone she missed her gold watch,gna.rd, and locket from her dressing table in her bedroom-on the second floor. 'The billiard-room was en the first lloor, .and while the servant was attending, to the fire Bolton left thie room. for a short time and theeiretanred. - The bedroom doorwas open, having been left nnloclked for the servant to do the room. When witness - -missed the watch she sent for Bull, the detecive efficer, ind told him what she hxd lost, and that.she su=,ected Bolton;' On the followingaorming Bolton:- 3leda >iikeda lef why she accused him of stealing her watch, andashe told himn because hee'Nas *the only eson itebliiard-room at the time when she lost it, ndleft theoxmfo.r a short time. -She asled him to give her back her tch and hc replied that he had not taken it. Me, ow_eve,o ver, soon.retracteid his denl and mnade a full confession, in wil&hhe stated that he took I the articles above-nm=ed, ann, after hrowing the gurd and locket away, lhe sold the- tffi-for 31. Ss. to the prisonerI Jones. The 'watch Was'- very-, IWAuable one, Ithe work.' nanshap. alone- having- cost U gdineas. Bolton saidt was b3s first offence' and' shovld: he his lat; andt begged to be fdrgiyen. *Witness_then locked thee. prisoner up in a room, having pre,viously made arange.- DlePtS to supply him. wit;h food and company to -keep him: from being dul, while the wen - to see the prisoner Jones.. She .sed Jones if he hsad bought the l watch, and lie replied that he:?had, and WIA sold-l either the snake' .me or nn,mnber, or the name and audr-s of the j},r .- sold-the watch to. He made two. diffGrent stateiments as to the time Le sold it, and she then told him that if she dia zot get her watch she woial give h3im into custody, as 130tc had informed her that he had=beei to him (Je es) a,1 'askedlim to keep it alldar;d, as the. officers were after bia. She uisedevery-argoment toinduoe, Jones to give up the watch, hut was unable to get any -in. formation about it, &ad she therefore gave lim into cus-- tody. She promised notto proseculte Bolton if she could avoid it, providing lhe told her the whole trath about it, and - he confessed evesything as soon as it was possible. Bolton. did not attempt to escape;- an repeatedly said he had no wish- to do so. She thoulght the Person who bought the wateh ssB msore to behblamed thanol 30ton, whom she could - not help pitying, -although he stole her watch. The prisoner Jones denied hanvig bought the watch knowing it to have been stolen, and entered into an explanation of the circumstances attending the purchase. Sir PETFE lArserm, however, rmanded. both pnrsoners until Monday, to afford time to the officer to trace the watch. Bowv-STr=ar.-A letter-sorter in the General Post-office, named Henry Barttelot, was charged with destroying news- Ihprisoner was detected in the act of tearing off the directions of different newspapers and throwin" the latter down a shoot or spout comnumcating with anotier department. There appeared to be no motive beyond mere wan. tonness for this extraordinary conduct,. and the psoneri s only answer to the charge was, that he had been lately fined' for missorting papers, the fact being that the directions were illegible, and therefore he threw them aside altogether. The addresses torn from several papers were found in is pocket. Mr. Willis Clare, inspector of letter-carriers, said, it wasusual, when directions of letters or papers were written ille. gibly, to hand them over to a person who was called the "blind-sorter," who studied them more carefully and made them out as well as he could. It was stated that a variety of betting-ofEce tickets were found upon the prisoner, relating to approaching races. Mr. JARDN E commnitted him for trial. 'THAIRS.-Bernardo Henriquez, a Portuguese seaman, aged 23, was brought up on remand before Mr. SET, charged with the wilful murder of Vusilia Caligar, a Greek seaman, by stabbing him with a dagger in a lodginghouefor foreign stemen, 31, Weliclose-square. It appeared that Henreques and Caligar had been for several days boarding inthe lodginghouse, whEich is kept by a Greek named John Seymour, a very respectable man, and aw relation of the deceased. On Thursday, at noon, tl4e deceased and another foreigner were playing at cards in the* coffeeroom of the lodginghouse. MrsSeymour(an English woman) had just gone out to market and locked the outer door. The prisoner, wvho is described to be a sava_ge, iLltemupered man, caAme to the door and knocked loudly and violently, dem-anding immediate admission. He w;;as informed tha3t the door was looked ana was requested to go to another door, but he refused to do so, and continued in the street knocking and licking at the door as hard as he was able. l his rage he broke a pane of glass at the side of the door. Re then went round to the other door to which he was first directed, and entered the coffeeroom. Some of the lodgers remonstrated with hiin, and a fight took place. Caligar, who 'was playing at cards and took no part in the quarrel, rose from his seat, and mildly endeavoured tomake peace. The prisoner instantly took a new dagger from a sheath suspended to his side, and- lun'ed it into Caligar's belly, withdrew the dagger frbo his body, and stabbed the 'unfortun3ateman a econd time Caligar fell, weltesing in his blood, and the prisoner fed' from the room and ran downstairs. Caligar was raised by several mariners, and it was discovered that his bowels were protruding. A woman named Stephanoff7 living in Wellclose-square, put them back again with her hands, and assted the poor tellowto the surgery of M. Stuckey, close by, who, observing the seriounmature of the wounds, advised that Caligar should be immediately taken to the London Hospital, wvhich was done. Mr. Ross, the house surgeon, considered the case hopeless when he first saw the patient. There was a severe wound about three inches in length on the upper part of the abdomen, and another wound on the right side, which had taken a slanting direction; it was about four inches in depth. The unfortunate man lingered until 3 o'clock yesterday (riday) mornng, when death termiinated his sfferings. e Prisoner was found concealed behind the door of the kitchen in Seymour's lodginghouse directly after the occurrence, and on being taken into custody by police-constable Cm;, 1SS H every foreigner in the house drew his knife and would have killed the prisoner had not thelofficer beaten them off with his truncheon. The situation of Cox was very perilous for some time, until Seymour came to his assistance. The lodginghouse-keeper said a few wvords to the foreigners, who threw their knives on the floor, and Cox was allowed to take away his prisoner. The dagger was found by police-sergeant Foay, 7H, under a sink in the kitchen. It is amost fornsidable, double-edged weapon with a sharp point, aboat 10 inches in len_th and 2 inches in width. Mr. Ross, the house-surgeon of the London-Eospital, after informing the magistrate of the death of Caligar, said he would make a post 7aorfn examination of the body as early as possible, and requestd that his attendance might be dis- ed with that day, and that he might be allowed to the court mmediately, as he was subpoened as a witness on the trial of Wiliam Palmer, at the Central Criminal Court, and he did not Inow how soon he might be called upon to give evidence in the case. Mr. S=XrE observed, that he could not complete the case until after the post mortem examination, and MIr. Ross might leave at once. The prisoner had already been identified by two witnesses as the person who stabbed the deceased, and he did not intend to go further with the case that day. Soon afterwards the prisoner was arraigned in the dock, and the magistrate directed Mr. Abraham hMdola, the interpreter, to inform him that Caligar wvas dead, and that he was now charg,ed wvith wilful murder. The prisoner receied the intelligence without the least emotion, and said it was not he who inflicted the wounds, b7ut another man. Ins.pector Gernon of the H division said, the deceased identified the prisoner in the London Hospital as the person who stabbed him. At least a dozen persons saw the wounds inflicted by the prisoner. Mr. SF.LE observed, that he had no hesitation in remanding the prisoner on the charge of wilful murder until Thursday next. This is the third case of stabbing among foreign seamen in the neighbourhood of Welldose-square this; week. LMsULsnTIL-James Rogers and John Charles Keeling, well dressed persons, were placed at the bar before the Hon. G. C. NOPRTO on a a charge of being concerned, with two others not in custody, with burglariously breaking into the premises of Messrs. Butler, mercers and drapers, in the Old sent-road, and stealing therefrom propertv to the amount of 2501. The prisoners denied the charge. Rogers said he was steward on board the Adelaide steamship, a transport just retrned from the Crimea; andEKeeling said he was a tailor lving with his parents in kenton-street, Brunswick-square, Both were remanded to a fEture day.
BRiLS,0oL SUG xR- 3IARKET, Friday, May 1G.-Both refiners and wholesale grocers have been very free buyers this weeL, and considerable transactions are reported in West India, Mauritius, and foreign descriptions at prices fully Gd. to ls. above the crrency of last -week, the market closing wnith much firmness and with very little offering. Piefiners' produce has met with a good sale at an advance of Is. ; and, had the manufacturers been disposed to contract for forward delvery at t'is improvement, a much larger bumsiness coulld have been tranete. They declned, how. ever, to sell, excepting at stil further enhanced prices. Ram continues quiet, but is not lower in valne. [Advertisement.]-Isyour homefurnishedvith thatneverfailng source of entertainment-an Aquarium If so, purchase Dean and Son's Is. manual on the snbjeet. Should yoe desire to baTe your dinners properly drea,-ed and scr-ed. then pnschans "Cookeryv Made Easy" for ila. rest free 1.la d. ThisbooX not only tells your cook what t-o do, bathow to do it. If youvos'a your horse to look wveliand bo properlyattended to, "IPcalI Directions on the Choice. Treatrnent/ and Management of Horses," by Mills, 3LV C.S.. is the book onosht not to be vwithout; Is. Hare you a g,arden, and like it to oak well, and keep it sO with hittle trouble? Then obtain W D. tirnihiS "I'ractieat Guide t4 the Cuilture o£ theo Gaden '" la. poet free, lrd. London; Dean and Son Printera pabihess, Bible and wedding stationery warehouse, 31. Ludgat-bl ,Advertisement.)- The Da erof Nlight," a Tale of th6 Mdows and the Loom, by S.W.InlnEq;nw dio, tpicoe s. l d. boards ; coth,b 2s. 6d., post free st roerfll told and tifanatiug tale."-John BulL "It erlibits an unquestionable skill and nmastery of the sabject"-Eaminer. Also just radyt " TheOldEnglishGentleman ;"byJohniE14 Ee,; Price lSd cloth.2s. "These iniroitablesketchesofeountrylieilheadwt Pleasure and profit -Examiner. Also. by h -ae ..u?or,tThe Briefiess Barrisr," price Is. 6d. boards;, 2s. 6d. coth. " tale of exkaordinarvinerestandbeauty.t-Exa. A new edition of that re- marabl1naantle,"Xickof the Woods- or the FightingQuaker," bE, FL n Bird, price s6d; clotSh.&e Warldand LocLk.I5& fleeret . [Advertisement.]-"' idshipman Easy," by Captain Mars-Et, Vrice ls G Thegreaftcharm of Mrarry;t's writiags consists in their freshness, Readers never tire of ais charming oa"er - and thig wll acontt for the extrordinary suecess of his booka 20 ~copiesor "Midshipman Era' have been cold in a few days. New edition of "Peter Simple sudn" The King's Own" are again ready. -Axong the late volumes of " The Allway Library," v.e notice " The Stories of Waterloo," by MsxwelI-equnalto any of ljeves works - whtlerecent events baTe given to Albert SmithYs " amrbioness of Brinviltiers" (the poisoner of the 17th century) an unparalleled interest. London; George Routledge aud Co-, Farctugdon-stret [Advertisement.J-The editors ofthe " CottageGardener" are ismanga series of "manuals for the Many," admnrably adapted for self-Instruction in the pursuits upon which they treat The folll.- lag are aovwready:--Io. 1, -Gardenisrgforthe YDany," price d; No 2 1. Atlmoent Fsrmingforthe3iany," prie 3d.;N2o. 3, "Bee-keeping fortheMan." ric 4d ; o. , "reehouesfor the Many." giving directionsfor the cOnstruction. beatin, and nngement of greenooses of the smallest andlarect dimsnsionsith a monthlycalcudar of operations, price 6d.,-tobe followed by other practical manua3s on kndred subjects. An allowance will he:nade to gentlemeneand clesymenrequiringanumberoEcopiesfor distribution.Noslto4,free hypoat, for ls. Ed. London, Cottage Gsrdene-o lflice.2D, Pateenoetr-' fAdvertiseeient.P-Jnlcs C4ersrd's "Lion Eunting int Algeria" is, in consequence of the great demaud ior tbe book.c ao-. reprinted in a cheap form, preice 7is, mn fiacy board. This werkE which is of a meat exciting and extrsordioua3 nture, is a-copyrlattr-.zala ilon ofth "q Liona Killer's"Srist and most celebrated iwoductio n, .t-Lj. si"exwIion 0h lin boatminhmg ansd sphorting .lidfe.l amog-the Arabs of -AlgeriL Its success on pobliration in Iarls -was so gsettAs-t :0nduo5 .ibe authoe,afhw months later, to issueauotherwcsckufhe same sobices; but, as this aecoms! book is entirels defirietin the ivird an,ten. ca re should be taken to order"era«rd's LionHunlmt°iniriaodh wpotn Life inAltreria2' -CheaP -edition, piricels., or illutated-srlition,-in Goth, 2s, Gd. Addey andl Co.,: HEnieetta-sreet, Coventnjrdgu, rovi~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
TO THE l.DIfOB OF HE ZMES. Sir,-I have read vith considerable interest, in your paper of yesterday, a communication from Mr. whitfield, of zt. Thomas's Hospit:l, together with one of your leading articles on the hospital accommOdUtion in this metropols. I -do not fully comcide with all the opinions there expressed, andf must thoroughly dissent from the statement that St. raneras parish " seems to be especialy willing to xelieve itselg at the expense of bygone charities." I feel assured, fro-your uniform desire to do justiceto all parties, that you will allow mne a short space in your columns in explanation.. There can be no question that the workdhouse and infirmary of this parish have been very much too full, and that there has been ample occasion for complaint in regard to many of the arangements; but, in justice both to the formerandto the present beard of directors, let it be allowed that they have not, in reference to medical selief, laid themselves open to the charge of leavmg the expense of thisto neighbourmghospitals For someyearstheyhavecontributed largely to the funds of the University Volle3 Xospital for accommodation there supplied to their sic paupers, and-w.bet4duringlastwinter,thepaishinfl iry as especially full, the offered lOs. a-weelk for every case that the hospital authorities were willinz to take from their wards. In addition, they have always paid Ithe BSmailpor and Fever Hospitals for those -of their paupers ho:have been treated in these places. They are also ping five district medical officers, by no mneans illiberally, fo vist the sick poor at their own d.wellings; and they not onl,y furnish their out-door paupers withmnedic~al advice-and drugs,-but, on the recommendation of the -medical men, they supply such remedies as mutton chops, beer, wine, &c. The 2iault in St. Pancras has mot been-in filig to furnish sedical relief, but in administering it too idiscrnimnately. &more complete system of visitation, which is now about to be adopted both for tEe prevention andthe cure of disea will, Itrust, in a great measure chec2k this. Sofarum I from thinl:ing that in :St. Pancras patish there have been many persons in hospitals vho were fttled only for the parish infirmary that I believe there'are many cases in the latter which -might withravantaje be m-rthe former, not, however, without the payment of -he expenses by, the paaish. There is a !arge number of cases in -the infrmaxies vhich-would be of the greatest valueforthepiurposes of clinical instruction ; and it is very desirable that' orme =rangement should be miae between-the jparochial and-the hospital authorities by-which the -parish might have the advantage ofthe medical ikill of'thc .'h6spitalsitff, ,an'd'-t'ie students o}.the hcspital-hive' the benefit of Studying 'the paroch'ial caies. - i-- - These remarlmsnore especia-ply to plaeeswihere hospitals- are sm;;ll and the pariahnfirmars lar;ge,--and et to places where there 're such large hospitasr ~s St. Ba tholomewv's, Guy's, or St. Thomis's.;f~,,,<7_r Apologiring fortreszpassngon yonr indultefce, lain, S.r, 'your obedient servant. '^- Tyro3LAHs dCi. ja.u. -s j Medical OMcer of fledWth to the-3sa. or. St. Panras, 3AU-Xteesideitt MeWii Romer i Th- iJversix Collegeoepital ' 21, Upper Gorwerstreet, Bny 16. - 4 , * .
-YA,VAL AND MLITABY INTELLIGENCE. 40- The Imp&rieuse, 51, Captain B. B. Watson, C.B., A.D.C., u-ill leave Portsmouth on a cruise next Thu-sday, to further ti,ss the furnace valves fitted to her fireplace doors by Mr. Frideaux for the prevention of smoke and the economy of fueL On her return, Captain Watson will have the cormand of the squadron of steam despatch gun-vessels. Tne steam-transport Cleopatra embarked yesterday at Tortsmouth Dockyard the Cavan, or 101st Regiment of Milia, for Dublin, with whom she sailed at 5 o'clock last e vening. The regiment consisted of 2 field officers, 4 captrins, 11 subalterns, 3 staff, 36 sergeants, 26 corporals, 16 drummers, 374 privates, 21 vwives, and 29 children. The Victoria steam-transport, No. 72, went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday morning to land her invalids from the Crimea; she is ordered to revictual and coal, and leave again immediately for the Crimea to bring home troops. Her Majesty's steam-sloop Driver, 6, Commander Gardner, left Spithead on Thursday evening, towing two mortarboats for the Eastward. The Sampson, 6, paddle-frigate, Captain Hand, was inspected yesterday at Spithead by Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, preparatory to proceeding on further service. The Falcon, 17, Captain Pullen, returned to Spithead from Portsmouth harbour yesterday. Her Majesty's steamer Transit, Commander C. R. Johnson, left Spithead yesterday for the Crimea to bring home troops. Her Majesty's steamer Seahorse, 12, Captain Heath, C.B., tried her speed at the measured mile yesterday. Her Majesty's steamer Geyser is expected at Liverpool, w hence she will take the recently-launched gunboats BlosEom and Gadfly, built by Mr. Laird. The Garland wMill be launched from Mr. Laird's yard in a few days, and it will ccmplete his number. On Tuesday a gunboat will be launched from the building-yard of Mr. Miller, at Liver1)00. The new hydraulic cranes recently erected on the platform of the new pier in the Arsenal at 'Woolwich by the hlessrs. W. G. Armstrong and Co., of Newcastle, wvere yesterday morning tried for the first time, and were worked in -the most satisfactory manner. It is already known that this new pier affords the facility of admitting fou r vessels alongside at the same time for the purpose of loading or unloading their freights. The manner in which the process is carried out is remarkable, the vhole apparatus being under the control of one man, who by means of the valvelevers, which he holds in his hands, can either raise, lower, or sloe the enormous weights suspended to the chains with great rapidity. The cranes are worked by means of water pres-sure stored up in a cylinder, termed an accumulator, by means of a 30-horse power steam-engine. From this central accumulator the water pressure is distributed in nlldirections-into the storehouses, along the wharfs, and on to the new pier; also to work an apparatus for heaving the cargoes out of coal-vesseLs. It is likewise to be emp)loyed in forcing w-aterup to animmense reservoir, situated on Shooter's-hill, to be used for extinguishing fire, and many other purposes. There are 12 cranes being connected with the accumulator, so that the power of the War Department to ship and unship stores is by this means enormous. From the rigid manner in which the new regulations for the exclusion of strangers from the Arsenal are enforced few persons were able to obtain admission to view this most interesting ceremony of the opening the newv hydraulic machinery for its intended purposes. The means of working it are of the most practical and easy kind, requiring the smallest .amount of labour possible. This preliminary trial of the huge machinery was carried out under the superintendence of Mr. Anderson, the inspector of machinery in the Arsenal. In the list of naval promotiors on the 10th inst., instead of " George 0. Weller," Commander, to the rank of PosCaptain, it should have been " George 0. Willes," of the Dulke of Wellington. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-Coleman Z. Hammond, to be Second Masterto the Euryalus; Henry J. Sutton, to be Second Master, to the T'histle; Derisley Mrartin, to be Clerk, to the Meander; and William R. Jelly, to be Assistant-Clerk, to the Niger. The Oneida screw transoort steamship (numbered 222), arrived on Thursday at Kingstown harbour, having on board 400 men and 150 horses of the Sth (Royal Irish) Hussars, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Sewell. On the ship coming alongside the pier the troops -were received with a hearty cheer by the crowds of people assembled to vitness their arrival. The mounted section of the men, 150 in number, proceeded to Dublin. 2;50 more of the men arrived on Thursday morning. The Oneida is under orders for Malta, to bring home more troops from the seat of the recent war. The new lunatic asylum, which has been for some time in course of erection at Fort Pitt, Chatham, having been completed and ready for the reception of this class of patients, an order has been given for the military lInatics to be sent to that establishlment for care and treatment. An order from the Horse Guards has been read to the -whole of the troops belonging to the provisional battalion at Chatham, three successive parades, inviting candidate, for the corps of Permanent Instructors in Musketry now in the course of organization, the names of such men who may be found eligible to be furnished to the authorities at the War-office. The candidates are not to be imder 2 nor to ex;ceed 12 years' service, of active habits, intelligent, and perfectly capable of receiving and imparting instruction. Each man, before he can be selected, must be able to write accurately from dictation, understand the use of forms and returns, and have a competent knowledge of arithmetic, includinga ulgar and decimal fractions. Such young men will be sent to the School of Musketry at Hythe, for thepurpose of undergoing the regular course of instruction in the theory and practice of musketry. When qualified they will be re-attested for general service, their previe-as regimental service being allowed to reckon towards pension. Mlarried men are not to be admitted as candidates. A very large proportion of the non-commissioned officers hitherto sentto Hythe fortrainingthis corpshavingbeenfound unfi' for such duties, the Commander-in-Chief recommends that commanding officers should confer, as to the qualifications of the candidates, with the regularly appointed Instructor of 3Musketry of the garrison. The pay of the second-class instructors wfill be 2s. Sd. per day, and that of the third-class 2s., in addition to which they will enjoy other advantages agreeably to the Royal warrant of the 8th nlt: The men appointed to this corps will be transferred to different regiments or stations at the pleasure of the Commander-in-Chief. The candidates will be entitled to promotion and eligible for the superior advantages attending employment in the first class at the head-quarters established at Hythe. All the candidates are to assemble at Hythe on the 24th inst. In consequence of the instructions issued by the authorities at the Horse Guards, that the whole of the troops belonging to the depOts at the Provisional Battalion, Chatham shall undergo a cour-e of instruction in the use of the Enfield rifle previous to their embarcation for foreign service, the following non-commissioned officers and men have been selected by Colonel Jervis, the Commandant, for the purpose of being placed under the direction of Captain W. Nott, S3d Regiment, the instructor in musketry at Chatham garrison, to be perfected in a knowledge of the theory and practice of that weapon, viz. :-Sist Loyal Lincoln Volunteers-I sergeant and 11 privates ; S3d Regiment-10 privates; 84th Regiment-10 privates; 86th Regiment-2 sergeants and 10 privates; 87th Royal Irish EFusileers-11 privates; giving a total of 3 non-commissioned officers and 52 rank and file, the whole of whom will be released from their ordinary barrack duties while under the instruction of Captain Nott. The 51st, 94th, and 13th Light Infantry are expected to arrive in Cork from Gibraltar within n fewv days, to be stationed in that garrison. Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel Smnyly, 99th Regiment, has joined the depot in Cork barracks, and assumes the command. TEE MILIT.I. The 4th West York- Militia arrived in Leeds from HuU gesterday, under the command of Major Cairns, and went into billets for seven days. It is rumoured that the regiment has come to Leeds to be disbanded. The following is the strength of the regiment as they marched into Leeds:2 field officers, S captains, 1S subalterns, 37 sergeants, 37 corporals, 12 drummers, and 589 privates.
Tfs NiyV MIaITAuRY ROSPITAL AT HUMLE.- 'The ceremony of laying the fonndation-stone of this new Sanitarium by the Queen on Monday next will be one of the completest interest. The time officially named for the cerermony is 11a.m. Her Majesty's ship Arrogant, 47, will prooced to moor off the spot this day, and will bear the flag of Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, X.CB., the Commandee-in-Chief at Portsmouth, on the occasion. A squadron of *-me importance will also attend the Royal flotila, consistiagof CaptainCodrington's (red) squadron ofthe gunboat flotill (47innumber). 'These, and numerous other ad. junct. to the fleet, will moor;off the royal landing-place, man yar4s, rigging, and dress Ehip. The 22d Regintent of Foot, with their splendid band, will proceed from Portsmouth tobe upon the ground, and also the 7th and 23d from Winehester. The arrangements are under the direcxtion of Lozd Panmure, and the snilitary arrangements -xder the command-in-chief of Major-General Breton, Lieutemnat-Governor of Portsmouth and Commander-in-Chief of te sBouth-wesg district. Steampacbet will run from 'op02outl1th, Soatbampton, and the Lile of Wight to the men= of interest. Major-General Breton went to Osborne I,,er av mornin to take the Royal pleaure as to Monday, a afterwards hi Royal Highness Prince Albert emblrked in the Fairy, =A crossed the Solent to ingpect Fort Moctnn i tlie new work4sdjacent. Her Majesty expressed 71er intentio2n to Major-Ge;naal Breton of inspecting the militia in Vo.t.qponth gaison on Tuesdaynext.
27rVIERSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD. MAY 1R The University sermons on Sunday next are appointed to be preached-in the morning, by the Rev. H. E. Moberly, of New College, et New College; and in the afternoon, by toe Rev. C. Baring, of Christ Church, at Christ Church. The Ellerton prize for the best English essay on a theological subject was this day awarded to Henry Stewart Byrth, B.A., of Brasenose Clege. A prize of 101. for the second best essay was at the same time given to Henry Leigh Bennett, B.A., of Corpus Christi College. An examination will be held on Friday, the 30th inst., at 9 o'clock, and the following days, in the committee-room in the Clarendou, for the purpose of filling up a Hebrew Scholarship, non vacant on the Kennicott Foundation. This scholarship is open to Bachelors of Arts of this University, who on the 3d of June shall not have exceeded one year from their admission to that degree. Candidates must bring to the Vice-Chancellor, on Thursday,the 29th inst., at 12 o'clock, certificates of the consent of the Read, or, in his absence, of the Vicegerent of their respective Colleges or Halls, and of the- time when they took teir degree. They are also requested to call upon the Regius Professor of Iebrew on or before Thursday, the 29th inst.
BATIAVG OF TITHE COMMUTATION RENT- CHARGE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As the principle of Dr. PhiUimore's bill for a more equal rating of tithe commutation rent-charge in the hands of the clergy has been adopted by its second reading, it is of great importance th.at tho question should be accurately stated and understood; and as both professionally and personally it has often been under my observation, I venture to ask a short space in your columns in reference to a letter in your impression of today, signed "H. ID." " H. D." is evidently well acquainted with the subject, but I think he takes an erroneous view of the Parochial Assessment Act and the way in which it is worked by the parochial authorities. The object of tnat act is not so much to make a perfect rate as to lay dowvn a rule for equal rating. This rule is the landlord's profit, under the namne of rent. It is the rentof the land, the rent of the tithes, the rent of the tithe rent charge, which the landlord orowner of each, after making the deductions allowed or required by the act, receives and nets, and which is in the act caled the " net value." The argument that the clergyman shows his cards while the farmer does not is a fallacy. The owner of the land shows what in truth is open to the assessors of the rate aud to the parish at large-viz., the extent and quality of his land, its capability for produce, and its comparative value with other lands in the parish and district. From this the rent at 'lhich he is assessed is estimated. The rent actually paid, as "1 H. D." rightly observes, is no element in the calculation. That is a matter of private bargain, and in the very obvious case of a landlord occupying his own property it does not exist. It is the estimated rent which the Parochial Assessment Act requires, from the ingredients for assessment which are patent to the whole parish. In like manner the Act of Apportionment of Tithe Commutation. Rent-charge, which is deposited in the parish, shows the extent and amount of the tithe rent-charge, the nunber of payers, the facility for collection or its difficulty, and from these elements the assessors of the rate havo to estimate wvhat rent a solvent tenant would give for the rent-charge, taking it from year to year, paYing the rates and charges upon it; and also having the risk of the annual variations in the corn averages, by wvhich the rent-charge is governed and paid in each year, the cost and risk of collec tion, probable losses and ex.penses, and what would be a reasonable margin for tenants' profit. Taking all these into account, he estimates and finds a net rent for the rent-charge, just as he estimates and finds a net rent on which to levy a rate on the land. It is not, as some suppose, a mere poundage or commission for collection which is to be allowed, but a tenant's remuneration who is responsible for paying the rent of his rent-charge half-yearly, and must in most cases pay a collector as part of his current expenses before any profit can accrue. When worked out, the estimated rent of tle land and the estimated rent of the rent-charge will be found to stand as nearly on an equal basis as the different natures of the property will admit of. It is the confusion of mistaking "rent-charge" for "rent " itself, and " estimated rent" for " actual rent," which so widely exists, and has given rise to such well-founded complaints, not the inequality of the mode of rating, wvhich is the real ground of complaint. But the special hardship on the clergy is of another kind. In estimating the deductions from their rent-ebarge no distinction is dravwn between the titheowner who holds his rent-charge subject to payment of a curate, or instalments to Queen Anne's Bounty in respect of a house which he is compelled to build in order to fulfil the condition of residence, and the owner of like property not clogged with such charges. It is contended by the Poor Law authorities that these are matters chargeable on the net rent of the rent-charge to which the owner is entitled, just as an owner of land is to the interest on mortgages, annual payments under settlements, and the like. Here is anotherfallacy, arising fromi one of the elements of rating being overlooked, while others are rigidly adhered to. All are to be rated to what is the assumed profit they gain, or might gain from the property assessed, and the property is to be assessed to rates which tend to increase its value, or which arise from the burdens incidental to it. }Now, an owner of lay tithes, to which no duty attaches, receives the same rent upon a day estimate as an owner of clerical tithes, -who has to pay a curate, or to do his work, for which he himself might be entitled to a llke payment if lie did the like duty elsewhere. He cannot hold his rent-charge except subject to this deduction. It is compulsory on him. So also is the paymeut to Queen Anne's Bounty, arising from enforced residence. These burdens are inevitable, and he cannot command a profit rent tiUl they are deducted. The landowner who has interest or family annuities to pay is not in the same category, for they are voluntary and private charges, and not charges incidental to public duty. The owner of property subject to this kind of duty is, then, clearly entitled to the deduction as against property not so charged. Of course, where lay-tithe is subject to a like burden of a stipend the same reasoning applies. fNor is this novel doctrine, for in the case of sewers' rate ecclesiastical tithe rent-charge is not by law liable. The reason is that tithe rent-charge cannot be profitably increased or improved by drainage-a principle embodied in the sewage acts, where the land pays only one-third or onefourth of the amount assessed on the houses. Justice to the owner of tithe rent-charge therefore deniands that his rent-charge should be allowed these deductions, and that the estimated rent after such allowance should be the rule of his assessment; and as to any fLxed percentage, so often deducted for contingencies by the assessor of tie rates in a parish, the like deduction should be made from the estimated net rent of the rent-charge as from the estimated net rent of other rateable hereditaments in order to carry out the object of the Parochial Assessment Act, of making an equal rate on the tithe rent-charge and other liereditaments included in the same assessment. I am. Sir. vonr O --i+it D JOE[N ZIEADOWS WIfITE IV, IV mtenau-place, xiay lii.
DISCHARGED SOLDIERS. TO THE EDITOIFOF THE TIMES. Sir,-Our troops axe now rapidly returning from the Crimea; among them will be found many maimed and disabled for further service. These poor fellows, after being landed at Portsmouth and elsewhere, may be sent to Chatham for suiwey and discharge. l\hen discharged or granted leave of absence to see their friends they have to find their own way by railroad to their destination. Last evening a scene presented itself at the Euston station of a very discreditable nature. A number of these poor fellows with loss of limbs and otherwise maimed in the service of their country wereleft in a state of intoxication to get their tickets and find their way to Manchester, Liveool, and elsewhere. Two men had to be carriedaway bodily by the police to prevent disturbance and annoyance to other travellers. It was a sad si"ht to see these poor fellows. The railway authorities did thieir utmost to assist them, but they were powerless. What is evidently required is a non-commissioned officer to be stationed as a temporary expedient at the London ter. minus of each great trunk railway, to assist these poor fellows in procuring their tick-ets, placing them in carriages under the guidance of the railway officers, and giving instructions to the train guards as to the stations where they should be set down. Such an officer would have con. trol and command over those poor soldiers. A word in time in your journal may induce steps to be taken in this matter ere it be "too late," as the return of the troops to this country is only now beginning. Your obedient -ferr,ni V. 3May 1G.
VACANCIES, APPOINTMIENTS, AND PROMOTIONS INTHI CIVIL SERVICE-The Home Department.-The Lord. Lieutenancy of the county of Dorset has become vacant by the death of the Earl of Digby. Inland Revenue Departnient, Stamps and Taxes Branch.-Mr. Francis S. Allan has been appointed Surveyor of Taxes for the counties of Kirkcudbri-l't and Wigton, in the room of Mr. ,U'Crackan, retired; 'Sr. George Webb has been removed from Totness to Bury St. Edmund's; Mr. A. G. Day has been removed from Hastings to Brentwood; Mr. Thomas C. 'aitby has been promoted from Bury St. Edmnund's to Totness; 3Tr. H. C. Strickland has been promoted from Huntingdon to Hastings; Mr. William Tiller has been promoted fom Hexham to Huntingdon; Mr. Browne, supernumerary at Wolverhampton, has been promoted to Hlexham. Customs.-4fr. Henrv Chambers has been promoted from the third class of clerks in the legal Quays, London, to be third clerk at Plymouth, vice Mr. George Batten, who exchanges; Mr. William Smith has been promoted from third to second searcher at Bristol; Kr. James C. Heavenr has been promoted from fourth to thir searober at Bristol; and Mr. John C. Rose has been proi4)td from locker of the second class to be superinternde,t locker of BristoL. There is a vacancy for a fourth class lgyj waitcr at Bristol; salary, 1501. Ireland.- Captain Wrliam Carpenlter hM been appointed harbour. 2nastecp he Port of SDublin, vica C~tam Rob,rt Eemptson, dece^>e4=.(avit .Service Qdrctte,
SALES BY AUCTION. Handsoine lofty Mhahogany Show Cases fitted wvith plate-glass, S dozr Shop and other Chairs, Furniture, and Effects JENTOMI and SON wll SELL, at 191, Sloane- strects, nightsbrid"e, on Tuesday, May 20, at 21, by order of the Assignees of MIessrs. Stock-er, EFFECTS, compus3ingEs-encls bedsteads. bedsaanddbedding, winged wardrobc, washatands, carpets, mahogany bookase, tables, ndother property. Slaysbeaviewedithe morninv of .sale, and catalogues had of the auctioneers, Angel court, Throgmorton- Elegant modern Fzuniture, 61-octave Cottage Piandoorte inewatnut- tree case, Pasmtms Proof Engravings, and Effects. ITENTOMi and SON will SELL, at the areat V Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street, on Wednesday, Mfay 21, at 11, cormprising mahogany and iron bedsteads, beds and bedding, wbingeo wardrobe. chzeslo of draw ers. mar-ble-top washatands, chimney, cheval, and toltet glasses, zets of rosewood andt mahogany chairs eavered invelvet and morocco, reclining library, and devotional di'tto, sofas, damask and mulshas curtains and comice3, Brussels carpets and nigs, extencting dining, ilo, occasional, and card tables, three chsrsoniers mantel and upright clocks, wrax bests of the Queen and Prince, chiumey ornaMrents chia, glass, and other valuable item,s Maybe viewed the day precedng the sale. Catalogles had at the rooms and of the anctiosseers, Angel-court. Throgmorton-street. Eirst-class Paintings for Umeserved Sale. rENTO1I and SON willSELL, at the Sale Rooms. V 21. Old Bond-street. on Wednesday, Msay 21, at 2 for 3, T anTd original P'AINTINGS, tw o of which are of gallery sire, by the following hughly-esteemed masters:- hMurillo Pynacker Paul Veconeso Berghem Wonvermans G. Dolci G. Do anw Van Bloedian Claude May be fiewed the day precedig and morning of sale. Descriptive catalogues had at t.he rooms of Messrs. Turner end Sons, solicitors S Mount-place, Wbitechapel-road- and of the auctioneers, 7, Angelcourt Throgmorton-street. Freehuid Ground Rents.-By Miesrsl VELTO, and SON, at tao Mart, on Friday, May 23. at 12, 1 REEEOLD Ground Eents of £191 Os., £31, and e£tO lOs., secured on a rental of £1,400 per annum, and Building Ground, judicouply vlotted for the realization of ground rents of LSees.. £22 5s., £75 lOsi, £S3, and £36, situate in Grove road, Upper Efolloway. Partichuars and plans may be had of MIr. Green, 2, on the oest side of rmitford-road, conntigous to the property; of Mr. D. Haghes, 13, GreHham-street, Guildlaco; at the suctioneerr' ofSlices, 7 Angel-couurt.TTrogmorton-street; andattheMart. Freeholds.-Old Kent-roa.d. B ENU GTOM and SON vill SELL, at the Auction Mart, E and imporidayay 23, at e2, by order of the Meortsagee under a wer of sale, in one lot. SIX substantial newly-bilt FiReEd Oda mESIDEbOCES, numbered 1 to 0, Norfolk-terrace, MIanor-street, OldBoent-road, withimashort distance of the RisngSun; also four Cottage Residences, numberedl to 4, Stokwvel.-street, co"tsguous to the preceding. The neS annual rental of the pwhole is about £170 Dlay be viewred six days prior to the sale. ParticuTars had at the Rising Sen, near the estate- omesrs. Suro and Gribblce, sotlicor, 12, Abchurch-lanen cty; Ventem and Son, 7, Angel-court, TCsrogmortostreeS and at the Aucion M sars. Commodious light BusIness Premises, London-call, city. aTENTOMI and SONt will SELL, at the Mart on VPFriday, MIay 23, atl12, the unexpired term in the L.EASE. for20 ears, at the tow rent of £77, nf those very desirable andspacions PxeItl S,S ?o. 41. London-wall, city, w.ithin a few doors of Mfoorgatestreet, wellUadapted for any fancy trade, having a glared fronted shop 55 feet deep, with counlting-house, large show room, and domestic accorunnodation. Included in the purchase wrill be aUl the newr and valuable fittings, house and trade fixtures. MIay be viewved six days prior to Ith sale, from 10 to 6. Particulars had 4o the premaises of eessrs. J. ard J. H. e int- ater and Hiackwaood, soltors, Sis-Lane; and of ventom and SOn, 7, Angel-court, Throgmorton-street. By SLIUTH1GATE and BARR.ETT, attheirRooms, 22, Fileet-street, on Monday evening, and two following evenngs, at 6, ND RAVINwGS and Books of Prints of a valuable and important character, by order of the Executors of the late W5. B. hCooke, Esui., the celebrated engraver. Miay be viewed and cata- Biehlre-place, Brompton.-Third and Last c ay's Suae of the Effects of Mrs. Ellis. deceased. nex TfOl. onthePremiseOC o. S. ThurloT-place. Brompton, TIhIS DAY (Saturday), 17th Mray, at , the nearty-newv COTTAGE FUcaiITURE, for tbe dining room, bed rooms, and kitchebn the china, lass, andhlnen, and 'ho 6droctave cottage pianoforte. Catalogues on itio remises, and at MDtessrs. Foster's offices, 51, PaL-malL Lmeasehold Estate, for Investment or Oenpation. 1' R. A. BOOTH ]ill SELL by AUCTIOns at the 1TJ M Bart. on Thursday. Mlay 21, a detached VILA REStDENCe, being Xo. 10, Grosvenor-villas, Junction-road. Lnol 9d years, groundrent £3 lOs. Estimated to produce a rental of 60 fmneas Per annum. hlay he viewed. Particulars at the Mrart, and of Mr. Abraham Booth, auctioneer and house agent. 1, Carlton-hill-vilas, Camden-road, opposite the Brecknock Arms. Twickenhams, otviddiesem. 11,lR. GOATLYwull SELL by AUCTION (if not ±11 pBreviously disposed of.) at the Prince Blucher Inn. Twickenharngreen. on WVednesday. Mfay 21, at 4, a PAIR of UJNFINISHED semi- etached VILLAS, of handsome elevation, lvelo drained; also several. PInot of eligible Building Land, delightfully situate, and a few minutes' of the railway station. Fobrfurther particulars aplslyto Nathe Martin, Esqi, l, Queenhitho; the place of sale; and of the auctioneer, Twickenham-green. ' 1hursdaylnexts-To Builders, Fieture] and Furnfture Brokers, and others.- MrR. T.SASMITH will SELL by AUCTION, at Ts, 23, leadenhall-street, on Thusday next, May 22, at l precisely, OFFICE FURNITUIBE and FIX;TURES,comprising two pulPit desks, pedestal library table, paPer caoe, irve 1and 2-dsp desks, in wlainscot and zahogany, and miscellaneous eSfects. Maybe viewed, and catalogues hadat the Booms; and of MIr. T.p s SDmith, z, ,lom'card-street, and UJpton, Essex. Twio Dys' Sale,-Tmi o Stocss.-To Draper, Eides ers, Outfitters, and grindey~foureamsert Shipapersad.OO)imnIwmns n thROot and SON w.aillo SELL by AUCTION, at ,LJ their Booms. 2D, Fore-street, city. on Tuesday and Wednesday next, the entire STOCK in TRADE of MIr. J. A. Brown, Tottenhamrout-road: also of mr. iodge, Islington :1,100 lots prime calios. Drints, stufs, blankets, carpets, lnens, sheathngs, ibandst, siks, 1,6CO monte hose, gloves, shurts, drawers, ties, and other goods, m good condition. On view M'.onday, 19th. Temple Place Estate, Strood, F ent. RR.ROBERT KIDWELL has been instructed to DEN S u te Ofpublic AUCTION, at the Angel Inn, Strood, on Tues day, Mray 20, at S for 6 in the evening,the-above valunble FREEIIual ESTATE, in 20lotts, and also a i lfehold Estate at Stood aforesaid, in one lot, Particulars and conditions of sale to be had of the auctioneer, 31, High-street, rohesater; atSthe tewRin, gaidauone the Prince of Orange Inn, Gravesend;* the place of sale;* and of Mr. Cairkhon, sotlcitor. Strood. Leeishan uenthdGenuine Household FirniuSre, iahogany Cheffo- nier, Iahogany sweep-haek (bates, 6u-oetave Pianoforte, in rosenood case by Aidridge, Rosewoodlioo Table, 20 fine Prints and numerous Effects. M R. J. W.THARD will SELL by AUCTION on the Gremises, 3, Chcsth-grove, hack of the Old Chereh, Mye1isham, on Tuesdiay. MIay 20. at 12 o'clock;. by order of the proprietor going abroa, about 130 lots of hOUSEgnOLD RbinbeITURE and EFFECTS. On view the day prior and morning of sale. Catalogues badontheGpremises; and ofNthe auctioneer, 7,aiworit-roa No. 143. Aldersgate-street,-To Leathersellers and Shoe Mlanufacturers. JaJ[R-SAIL. JOHLNSON will SELL by public t S LON, at his ROOmS as abeve. on Wedaesdayt Slay 21. at 2.ar largCe STOCK of SLOE, Coach, and Bookbnders' LEATIHEIR - comPrisg 30 cwnt. prime kips, kip butts and calf skins, 12 a -ua shes ;niddslmsz5 20 ewt. kip grain and russet, 330 crop butts, 19 cwt. Fron bellie§ 100 dozen patent nmd enamelled calf, sen a and goat skins, ki and icemel cal, grain goats and hard grain persiaps, 300 dozen basel, binders' and smiths' aprons, 14 chaise hides, aifew pots mgrBeryan& grindery, four reams cartridge paper,and 7.000 pair men's,women's. and ehildrensbootshand shoes. raybeaviewed, andtalogueshad of the sue'ioneer. 143. Aldersgate-street. Oxford and Cambridge roads. Islingtony-LoWgIeaseholds. byyESSRS. HASLAsSIhand BUCgLd ND rse in1O s o stredto Se L byarI, at the Mart; or oM art, in the ensuing month. FiOUR convenien t and subetantially-hulit eight-roomed RESIDENCES, in the Oxford-road, Islingion, let to MIessrs. Stedman, Wsheeler, and others, at rents amounting to £3172 per annumn; also Four eight-roomeds edences, inthe Cambridge-road,Islington,of theannual valuewou£10 Bothpropertie are loasehold, fori.7Syearsat low groundrents Particislars and conditions of sale may be obtained of John Fackrell, Esq.. noleCitor, 33, Cannon-street west; and of Messrs. HaIslm and Buekland, aetioneesT and surveyors, at BCtaing, and 89 Cannon-street west, city. o. ooer Household Funimture, Drawing Boom Suite in Sgurcd damask large Glasse, and Effects; under dWstrn-rvt for rent. R.. ilEORELE, W SELL by AUCTION, at a Ust Dlwy, 3S, oeipester-siuare, on Monday evening. May1l, ath6, F lRNITuRE: comprising mahogany Arabian bedsteads, iron ditto, mattresses, beds, and bedsing, marble-top aheaetands, chests of drawers, wardrobtes, drawing room suite of cutains, rosewood chairs, cou3ches and easy chairs, loo, eard, and fancy tables, cheffonier with plate-glass hack, handsome Dattern Brussels and other carlts, mahogany chairs in leather and hairocoth, couches, sofas, parent lining tables sidebmards, pedestal library table, bookcase, handsome china dimner cervsie, dessert,and tea ritto, plated ware, ehina, glass. and kitchen requisites, On view, and catalogudes had at the rooms Win es. MuR .GEORGE KNIGHThasreceivedinstructions _to SELl,at the Mart, on Tuesday, the 20th iest, at 12 forb, a large STOCRof b'oTTIE WIaFS. tbe4whole Iyinguvmderhis eontrol: comprising Sandeman's old crusted Port, six years. and QuaTsIl Harrs's, four years inbettle;* Ofidey, Webber, andG Co.'s cruse Port, and about 100 dozen of fine fruity, 1331 vintago w ino, reenmtly bottled,, Fico's, Miss, and Garvey's nabe Sherries; gold and brown ditto,.of Gom!aler' and Dubesq', and? Paul and Dastis' shifpping;* Binet, File, and Co.'s fine sparkling Chamnpagne, and a superior growth Claret.' The whole without reserve, to realise advances, Also 20 cases of the finest old pale Brandy, and 12 dozen IsLay Whisky. Samples3maYbe had by payment. or tasted the morning of and during the sale. Catalogues of the Secretary, at the Mrart; or of Mfr. George Knight, 29, Crosby-halt-chambers, city. NRow on View.-Dulvwick.BPy order of the Sher,iff3-Superior and modern Furniture, noble Chiainey Glasses, clegautwalnut-tree DrawvtogH Room Suite covered in greon velvet, a 63-otave Cottage Pianoforte in handoceso case, a(deoublo-barrdlledGun by Lancaster. rich China and Glass, Bod and Table Linen, Proof Engiavings, handsome Clocks, and omnamental Items, and the contenSs of the residence. mU[RzEoRGELEWIS wil SELL, on the Pre1 nassDliwich-road, opposite the Grayhound, on Tuesday. May 20. at 1Iprecisely, the wshole of the well-manufactured UItNIsTtTRE. which in eludes Arabian and other bedlsteads. mahogany chests of dranwers, washstand5 antd dressing glasses, and the appendaLges of thee bed chambers, wfalnut-tree drawineg room suite in velvet, sofas, coaches, lounges, and other chaiss, suites otwi dowv curtains to correspond, loo table, choffomier wit'h plate-glam hack mounted with marble toP occasional table, pair of or-monulcandelabras. and other oma3mentas items~. handsomnemahoganysidecoard, extending duining room table, diniog room chairs in leather, library table. rica pattern carpets, a billiard t sble. by Thurston,wi tls'balls,markingboard, and cues complete. and tbae furniture and fittings of the domestic offices, a nd numerous effects. Mays he viewed on Thursay and morning of sale, Catalogules may be had on the promises; of Messr. Simpson and Son, soliciors, 14 and 13, St. Bsvithin's-lane, Cannon street- of Mr. Phillpotts, Sherilt' officer. 13. Bollalley, city; at the anStionecr.4 offices, 13, Fore-Street, eity; and at the Crowin Inn, Dutwieh. In BankruPtcI.-To Jewellers Watchmakers andothes SSRSDAVIS aUdJOHNSTO-E are emtuce LVJby the Assignees of Mr. J. Edadsio EL y sUtrON.cte the Rooms, High-street. Southamptoni, on Tuesday, May "0. at U for12prciel, te hoe f he xcllntSTCK Of WATC~IF and CLOCS, cmpriing33 gld ad slverwatces,24 brwlet, hall, Ameica, ad lng asecloks,a vlualeassortment of jeweliery, in oldan siverchins rigs brochs,penicil cases3, studs, pis wath kys,seas; ls a mal, bt wll elcted, stock of silver and platd gods,conistig o ~etfraes, andesticks,to3st racks, butter kniesserics nd inerwar, qanttyofWatcbm-kerne materials andmisellneos efets.Maybe iewd ne day preceding sae, and Particulars obtaine on th rmss fWlimBl,Rq,official aesignee, 3, Coleman-ctreet-bldag;ofWi.Jn,Es,nlco.23 1-iug's Arna-yar,d, Moorg t-sret nd o h utoer 8 ak lane, London, _-Baukernetey and General Clearance Sale. MESSR.S. DAVIS and JOHNSTONE will SELL by AUCTION, at the Rooms2.Chneyln,o Mod, May 28, at 12 for 1, a COLLECTIONofvlbeOL 5ETNa incl.ding several larne gallery and cabinet 'pictures by esteemed masters, some engravings, and a library of English adfrinhos comprizing several hundred volumes of standar rtsl wrs n upwards of athousandecopies ofthe bestFrench andGraathm also 60 dsozen of firt-class sparkling and creamingCh pan,ote choicest vintages,.which willbe soldin loin suited to prvtprcse. May be viewed on day preceding and morning of sae n ctlge obtained on the premises ; and of the auctioneer,6,m ar-ae Bankruptcy and General Clearance Sale. ~JESSRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTONE mfil SELL M~by AUCTION, at the Rooms, 28, Chancery-laen, on Tuesday, May 27, at 1 lfor 12. the excellent STOCK of a FANCY IMPORITER, comPrising upwards of 180 American and Dutch clocks, together weith a quanitity of weighte, cbains, pendulums, and elockmaker's materials, a few barometers a well-selected assoxtment of statienery, comprising foreign pest, note, and other papers, envelopes, pcens, ink, pencils, andi other items; of this description of stock, an extensive collection of china and glass ware, consisting of upwards of C0 dozen wine glasses, 129 dozen decanters, finger glasses, confectloner'stableomnaments.plateaus. &e. ; also a very useful stock of trouseriugs and vestings, in doeskins and angolas, sumimer vestings of cashimere and marseilla, and the usual tailor's trimmings ; likewise a small quantity of office fittings and farniture. a maho31gany winged wardrobe, and a hall clock. M4ay be viewed on morning of sale, and catalogues obtained on the Premises; and of the auctieneers, 6S, Mark-lane. Sale of LifeAanuuities.-Ujoder Bankruptcy M ESSPRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTONTE are in- strctebytheAsignes f r. ohVirtue to SELL by AUCTIN,atth Mrt o Fidy,Jue1. t 2,TWO LIFE ANNUl- lv Softwoharens aued Cos andiS respcy.Thely rarZticas may he Dorking, Surrey. li/ESSES. DAVIS and JOHNSTONqE beg to an- nounce that they are instructed by the Assignees of Meas,rs Straban, Paul, and Rates, and With the concUrrenCe fteMofes to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, London on FridayJue a 12, the important and ornamental ESTATE, 6zown as Alsurst, otherwise High Ashurat with isB beautiful villa residence, late the seat ot Mrx. Strahan, delig1htfully eituate in a most picturesque country, abeut fivenmiles from Epsom, and three from Dorking, Surrey. The estate is fre,ehold, nearly all land-tax redeemed, and a portion free frxom great tither, and comprises 682 acres of arable, meadow.-wood, and other emsmnental land. There are 2 complete farm homesteads in most substantial repair, and a tnsrd used for the gainekeeper's quarters, The residence stands upon the brow of a bill shellare from the north and east, and, although at a ~at elevation, is approached by an easy trotting road, The accommodations afforded are 24 princirpal andsecondary clhambera dtessing rooms and nurseries, ladies'b~oudoir opening on to a deli&ghtu conservatory, a gentleman's study, a very unique drawing 3room colnmunicating with the library, a spacieus hall and billiard room, and a leftY dining roomn ; the domestic offic6s are of a most oomplete character, and contain every appointment requisite for anobleman'slor gen. tlerman's seat; at the rear of the domestic offices are the stabling, coachhouses laundry, and other out-offices, The ladies' conser-vatory opesa upon the flower garden, beautifully laid out hinparterres and terraces, commanding most extensive and delightful views over this picturesque pertion of Surrey, There amealso orangerie.3and graperies, and a roduchive lutehen garden. The whole ofthe propertyisainhband, andis, like most of the neIghbouring estates, farmed omanmexntally by the pro. ritrPa-culars areinrcourse of preparation, ~nd3may beobtained aPlcaion to NWillam Bell, Esq., ofricial assignee, 3, Coleman. street-buildings; of J. T. Coolmey, Esq., solicitor, 8, Lamb's Conduit. place' or Messrs.Lawrence,ePlws, and Boyer, solicitors, 14, Old Jewrychs6r,London; of G. Ciarter Morrison, Esq., solicitor, Iteigate; at the Mart; and of the auctioneers, 68, Mark-lane, London. Eligible Leaseholds, for Investment,-Southwark, 1WYSSRS. DAVIIS and JOHINSTONE are inStructed .LJto SELL by AUCTION, at the Marl, on Friday, June 20, at 12, a desirable LEA i3EOLD ESTATE; comprisng two houses, with shops, No. S and 9, Church-street. Southwark, and six brick-built dwelling-houses. in £angor-court, adjoining, and producing at moderate rents £170 ncr annum, and hetd for a term of which 1.9s years were un. expired at lady-day last. May beviewed by pernmison ofthe tenants, antiparticulars obtained of Messrs. Lumley and Lumnley, solicitors,41, Ludgate-street: and of the auctioneers. 68 Mark-lane,_ The Furniture and Efects of Ashurst Mransien. 'IP SSSRS. DAVIS and JOIINSTONE have been instructed by the Assignees of Messrs. Strabsan and Co. to SELL by AUCTION, on the premises, on Monday. June 23, ana following daYs, at 11 for 12 each day, the costly APPOINTUMETS of Mrr. Strahan's country residence, comprising the complete equipments of 24 principal and secondary chambers:-Mahogany dining roomanid drawingroomsuit,es,elabomraecarvings inwoocl;byltogers,for theindies' boudoir, slateobilliard table, valusblehaliclock, Brassels andvelvet carpe-ting, damask and chintz draperies, brilliant plate chimney and pier glasses, valuable paintings and water colouLr drawings, an extensive libaryof hoce ook, sdeoar ofmodrnPlate, Sdvres andlresden chin, ves ut-las, clla ofexcllet wne;the fittings of domestic offies;hothoue pant, ad mscelanouseffects. Mlay be viewed thre dasprcedng ale bycatloges,is,each, to be obtained of Mlonthlyl Sale.-Auction Roosris coiner of Senygen ieed read, I4R. OORE wil SELL by AUCTION, at his .AVR ooms. an above, on Wednesday next, 21st, at IZ about 200 lois of FURPNITURE, 50 loin of miscellaneous articles, and other effects, also a slate bagatelle board 10 feet by $feet 3 complete, a nearly new shower bath, and an excellent iron lathe with 3 feet 3 bedand gear complete. On iewmomning of sale,from 9o'clock-,and catalogues had the dLay previous at the auctioneer's offices. Mrile-end-road, To lokmaer. Siphanles,andothers, "R . MNOORE will SELL by AU0CTION, on the Premise, 14,on B urrstee,Wapp~ling.urontriayneT,Wid -int.ro ate 2, withou reserv, byrrdem o the execuasSttiors,o Mr. B.X2 Page, deeaed the6 remaining, SetOC in TRAD fch artM-arST and BLoCK MAke .z sonliewimorning, Ofd sale,gandctalgeet sa at the lauctioneer'sl offces tione-endrlsoadce, M - od Niear-end ria-road,.F L su statal-bulds ntheFr reehldan Lemansehl Rsaesdne, for oneten n ccupation. MR. MOOR-E WMl SELL by AUJCTION, at the iJMart, n 'Monday, June 2, at12 in four lots, TW elist-roomed DWLIGHOUSE S ,Oktrc, wihSarden'slae, 60 and 61,Lincoln-street,fv minurktes' alk.e fom th ae Bow Rala Staio, letoatd £28 ; each,tr 90.tem3 years, groundrn drenh and Two siiarh Freholda thoues 62te solticitor. 26, OldeBreehlngton-street; at the Mart ; andat the ac tioneer's offices. Mile-end-read, Miear-en ria-ed,-OdFod LadSeaney.ld,ong teshel n Mer ee h ompany's- Estates, for ivsmn n OccupationanIvetnt R.M1OORE will SELL by AUCTIO N, at the iL M-art, on Monday, June 2, at 12, in fourt lots, aInix-rOomEd HOS,6 6oktrac,S e'-as etatc£18 aw siilreehouEss, 12 Yrk-errae lt a *518s'a crne Hoes,a shop eand pwremies 8, Yok-trrce,le onlese t ~2 trm th eas gbroun reont£ each; Partculas atMercrs~~all,Cheaside ratthe Mr; and at t-ehel actioneer's offices, terMoile-end-road,ow Mile-endl, OldrFordndsy atened CambeLrwehld-Lanod, Freeolu Es- tates e anu, for Oruainadinvestment. A/FR. MORE will SELL by AUCTIO-NT at the .ALMart, onl Monday, June 2, at 1.2, in eight lets,m FiVEhtroUSed HOnSE, asop, neafrlypladcinn, inutDevonshireo-sreet neast,e Gloe-road Bec,let at £30. term 61 years, ground rent £3OO ach Twoefroomeldshoome ad housees,w32ndh3s ya-rod, Olda Fordag, salet atd loft each wort South Hafoureen pLog ofLeaenold g'roundt, inrthe cing XMilton and Belerad,a oalt freiingvedten grond renuptsio nd. eodcr nerpl t,o gouMnd,awth, brick-built carcass1 lhero,ian Sgt. nnsroomd, REw-commN-laE. Pvt articulsarslofgJ Thr.pp Esq.,1 ralicitor.t2aWinlhes t er-h erldin'u;mers Rihado n andde dier, N solicitor, 28, Aoldeny- I laet at te6Iteart: and yat th auctioneer'st ofices Mile-end-oad.ose onthwarko Thrermondses, No.1 7and Canbrwl PLageh'ls produin at m:ter 9 ye£200 n p reannum for investmente -,sr. Bolt,on anMonda, Juneito 2, at 1 nfourthmpot-s,un eih-romed ThompsE,an S2, n, sfrd-iseeo 9,SGth orkbige-sresd, rnurear theQ uee' Benchr, lEtsaq£3, slcterm 278 yearlns-igroundrent £10;art annedrome thoe andcaiwheelwrofights, yae-ndrd,wt ottg,salenot,4,Bd Hrford-place,ltAo lease, eltlexprig180 ate£ar uerketnat £80, ontherm2 yEarS, rudReSt l SED WIC thredsx-Ome homes 8r,90,vad91 Princsrad, Byrmondtey, lnoet aot3, Term 68UyEaS, groundertbenat £3 each;land nixdweing-homges,t1et 6.en Reget-street, Southamptonstrdeen, Ctamble, let-ouat £62. tlerman32 yetars. gound rent£steach. ontepeie.Particulars atMeaey'Ha,C enp badeo Wt F.e FRmser,n Es wn.oi cit.obr, l S GCeapsie, Cheshas. Wirewand hl, sicitrsors, St. S Ithin'lHlaone; at lthe Mart sand; the autioeersofcsMl-n-od cioWtod num ofr inestmentl and ocption. adadtme i/FR. AOORE-Ai will SELL by AUCTION, atth diMret,ionofM eondaygJuem2,att12, in llnlute, an ih-omead2 RESIDENCE, wi3OLTh gRden, SIOab ong the, deo. of Pag' Cotgs l5he,tratot£10tperyannumb;To RTAesidncsNowna4 and5,uAlbtanyplace, Terrace-road, let aTw£28keach;ani elight-roosed Houshe, No.a6 Etation-lc, intells-stret,o reta £28 Fivten Hose.s teandthp, Eaton-pe trale, let at fam6; term 94 yefoars groundlemnt wofe alusltheabove house ateq£63: termd9ncearsngound ret isoDyhldfothe whoe.Prticulawrsto Messrs.llBeoltnadiSn,hreeoicte. 2 Thsa,ndromrtasexptenqntstuatssrs Trorhompson Mand eSon, ed(lotersh9,Gerdestreet),aMnopriesularshdl Turner, larl., solcitR,st47, Liaciorns,Brntforld ; at the Mart; an fa theArbas auctioneersofce , Kie-end-roandad. ofosofteac tineTiknorh-WsenRala,wtherypossin No. 7, Blomfield-crescent, Westbourne-terrace north, facing the rail way bridge.-The vsry superior modern Fumriture. in beautiful preservation, Paintings by the ancient and modern masters, Pastels, 1,000vols. ofBookA, elegantly bound, Ornamental Objects,anduumerous Effects, j°iESS- aOXENEAMand SONS Will SELL by .31 FA CU ACTION, on the Premises, on MIonday. May 19. and foUlow ng day, at 12 o'clock each day, thevery superior modern FURNITURE, in beautiful preservation, including a trly elegant walnut-tree drawing room mite, most complete, covered in satin damask, with curtains en smite, splendid chimney and console glaeses, also 6irandoles several of which were purchased from the Great Exhibition of 1DlS1 the diWing room, library, and morning room fumriture of choice Spanish mahogany includes a noble pedestal sideboard, set of dining tables, chairs, sofa, and easy chairs covered in morocco. bookcases, writing tables, &c., proof engravin9s after Landscer, paintings by the ancient and modern masters, incluiding choice specumens by 3llerls, Decker, Wouvermans, Eancret, Etty, Hart, Allom, Pether,Aadrews, and other celebrated -asters,1,0oveis, of books elegantly bound, embracing the works of most of the standard authors; the bed chamber furniture of the usual description, mantel clocks, articles.of vertn, and numerous effects. May be viewed on the Friday and Saturday antecedent and mornings of sale, and catalogues had; also at Mes. Oxenhans's offlices, 353, Oxfordstreet, near the Pantheon. Oxfordshire.-Valuable Advowson, Tithe Rent-charge, Farm and Lands. 1/FESSR;S. l'RANELINX and GALE Vill SELL by 1 AUCTIONT, in lots, at the Star HoteL Oxford, about the middle of June (by direction of the Right Honourable tbe Mlaster of the Rolls) theADVOWSON and NEXT and ALL FUTURE PRESENTATIONSto the Vicarage of Watlington, in the county of Oxford; part of the Rectorial Tithes, or rent-charge in lieu thereof. on lands mn the prish of Wateington, belonging to the Bishop of Chichester, Colonel ne, and Mlessrs. Painter and Taylor, amounting at present to £71153. o1.d. per year; part of Watlington Farm. comprising house and fArm premises, Nith 2Qba. 3r. 25p. of land, all in the parish of Walington; Windmill-field and Atmar.a-field, in the parish of Watlington, containing Sla. Ir. 37p., with a right of way through the lands of John Barnes; a messuage andpremises in Coiching-street, Watlingtona; the Knowles and Paraonage close, inWatlington, containing 6a. Ir. l9p.- the Gooseberry-bush field, in the parish of Britwed Salone. containing 12a. Sr. 27p.: lPope's-close andBarn-close. in the garish of Watlington containingl9as.2r.19p., in thre occupation of T omsPainter; ana Pope's-wood, in the parisih of Watlinglion, containig *2as, lr. 21p. FelU particulars ill be elortlyarinouneed, and meauwbiefurther information may hbe had of Messrs. Bramce and Colt, Sturrey-street, Strand, London; 1%Iesrs -Rickar-ds and WValker. 29. Lincoln's-ini-fields, London' Mlessrs. Smnith. Stenning, and Croft. 3. Saesinchall-street, L;ondon; G.' .3. Nicholson, Eq.. 5. Rarysoud-bmldings, Greq%-mun, Lnden ;nnd of the auctioneers, Ew^elme and Carsinstoiz, Oxen. Lee. Kent.-TreeholdEstate, comprising the spacious famnilyiesidene3- formnerly in the occenDatiou of the late J. Slsdanl, Esq., with gardens. Pleasure groundsa, paddock, two oottage residences, &c.-the site of the whole comprisingupwards of iS acres, abounding with brisk aearl and~re sanldj and presenting enoet valuable buildinge frontages. tf SSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) beg to U&announce that this, valuable FREEIHOLD PRO EIERTY was nol wdat the auction. aLnd may now be TREATED FORL by Private Contrct : or the mansion, gardens, and paddock wil be let on leaase,-23, Old Bond-street. U~pial lng Lasehld ro~pr~ fo eence orluemet--Bos fd ialM !da-bll. iJESSRS. GREEN (28 Old Bond-street) hiive re- M jzceived instrustions to SEE.by AUCTIOSY at Garraway's. on Wedjmeada. June 4, at 12 (unless previous4 lgy d f),a --'b iong LAEHOLD PROPE EY B co . yZ MC .a aual g ;com~~~~prismg emost excellent aoI subst.ll.icum dtached Ianucy Tesidence--, 1tnown as Randolphhoue, ostplesanlysituate in tiomfield-roed, in one of them mst delghtul,heathy fahioabl, adaceinblsuburbs of town. with lare grdes, onsrvaory gren ouss,detached billiard room. etalin. &,: he hol inperectordr. heouse contains entranace porico stne-ave hll,din , dawiiLand breakfast rooms, conseratoy.sixbe chmbes,1~srom, ndvery excellent offices Taee geien a lid ut ell grat ast inlaw anProducttive borders, well stoced aduronebyltywlsThsoPerty preente a capital familyrsdneneie hc tooe anmPle spacefor the erect'ion of extesv tbigadapi fvla,havTing a depth of 311 feet. with a capital frontg toRnop-ed tis hield for an unexpired term of nearly82 yeasatanmalgodet of £4. Particulars may be obtained of esr.Tmpo,Ibnha,ndBrown, solicitors, Salters'-hall, cit y; at Garaa';ad fMsr.Green,23, Old Bond-street. Wiorth W-ilts. within four miles of three Market Towns.-Valuabia Freehold Manorial Estate, with atone-built Mansion, Plantations, and Grounds, and 535 acres of rich Arable and Pasturo in a ring fence with Entrasce Lodge, Farm-house. Homestead, and Cottages. 1IL SSRS. GREEN (28, old lBond-streetj) have reLY.L eived instructions to SELL by AUC.'1ION, at Garrawas-s, on Wednesday, June 4, at 12. (unless in the mueantime disposed of) the valuable MAXORTAL ESEAE (feehold, and land-tax redeeme4) of Blurscden St. Andrew, Pleasantly situate 'within three miles of the Swindon Station, and about fouir miles froma the market towns of Swindon. Cricklade, and Highworth, comprising the capital fanMiy rosidence known as Blumaden. House, approached by an entrance loda.. and delightfully placed on the southern slope of Blunsden-hill, comnmanumng exteunsve and varied views, with farm-hence, homeateA, and cottages, and 515 acres of rich arable and pasture land, in a ring fence surrounded by excellent roads, and Producing a rental of about £6001per annum, besides the mansion,offlces,gardens,and planrtations, whicbhare in hand. This property offersacapital investment, and preaents besidesmany attractions fo.rce-si&enoe. especially to a eportunan, being situaLted iso the centre of the V. W. H. Hunt, and within eas reachof theDukeofBeaufort'sondtheB3erlnlcirelhounds.audofnhepnn cipastaionon te GeatWestrn ailay.The buildingsas are sin goo reair th lads n ecelentculisaion uder tho occupation ot a hghl r~abe ad rsposile enat.and the mansion is in evey wy aaptd fr te rsidnceof contygenxtleman, Plarticalar my h otaiedat arawy'sofMesrs Muins,Daubeny, aced auctioneers, 2S~~ 91d Bond-stnteet. MSSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bondl-street) hkaving dcspose of the estate. wMl SELL by AUCTIOsN, upon the P-relowinig day, at 12, all the excellent HOUSEHOLD FcURItITURE. Turkey and Brussels carpets, chintr window hangings, Sue-~toned square pianoforte by -itodart. ttnce-pieoe by, Bcrwise, china, ornamental and numerous mciccellancous items, a few Pictures and books, powerful microscope, china and glass, casks anid brewing utensils, garden seatg, lihsand tools, iron roller, well-buiilt pair-wheel omanibus or sociable (nerlynew, Iishcar, invald chair, two prime cows in calf, useful cart, ancsene Dusot-Soor effects. Mlay be viewed one day preceding the.sle and catalogues obtained at the pnmcipal inns at Leatherbead, Ep:som, Dorking. Kingston, do, ; and of Messrs. Greeb, auctioneers. 23. Old Bond-street. The F'reehold 31anorial Estate of Hode Ol, eaLymigin. Hmp shire, comriaiiing an excellent FaIRylyResidence, sad about 550 arms. great-tithe free M~IESSRS. GREEN (25, Oldl Bond-street) have re- ILceived instructions to SELL by AUCTIOIN, at Gar7eway's, on Wednesday, June 25. at 12 (unless in the meantimne disposed of), tho above capital FiIEEHOLID MANORIAL ESTATE, consisting of the excellent family residence, known as Hordle Homse, with its pleasure gr.ounds, gardens, entrance lodges, &o.. as recentlv occupied by tihs late, Dr. Chambers, with capital farmicouse, homnesteads, cottages, andl aboutl 550 acres of arable and pasture land, all lying compaculy togetber,within easy reach of Lymsington and the Brook-enhurat Stationt on the South-Western. Raltiway. The agricultural lands are principally in the occupation of a respectable teniant upon a yearly holding, and in addition thereto, the estate comprises an extent, of sea. beach, extending firomi Hordle Clif towards Hurst Castle. This prorerty combines a good investment, writh an admirable country and mar-ine residence, having great facilities for thne enjoyment of yachtinig, hunting with the forest hounds, wildfowl and other bshoting, andl the neighbou1ring coantry abounding with gentlemen's seats, The homse is approached by two entrance ledges, and is placed upon a bold lawn extending to the sea aind opposite to the Nol of Wight and the Needles, of which it commands uninterrupted views, embracing also Yarmouth, Hurst Castle, the prtt3y vilage of Miiford, and the town andl bay of Christchuroa, ymigton. nowr much resorted to as a fashionable watering-place from its saubrity of climate and great facilities of commnunication. 'with the Isle of VWight, is within3 3J iles audt i cofienty aticpaed hathe aiwaywl soon be extended fromBrekeniurc tohe own,Paricuarsmay shortly be obtainedl at heRoyl ote, outamtonofMesrs Morean St. Barbe, solcitrs.Lyninson;of esrs.Piuege an Wikinon solicitors Tue Important F'reehold Estate and M3uor oJfR~ydl-ghuret, a=bout sevenumilles fronsGuildford, insihly Ypicturesque country. 1/ESSRS. GREE,N (28, Old Blond-street) will SELL IiLby AUCTION, at Garraway's. on Wednesday, July% at 12. (uless in the mean time disposed of)I, the valuable and importantt FREEHOLD ESTATE and MANsOR of RYDDIGGIUltST,. situate on the road to Brighton, five miles from Shalford, fiv-efrom Godalmiog, seven from Guildford, and in the most picturesque pai-t of the county of Surrey, consisting of anexoellentand very compact family residence, of Elizabethan archite-cture, possessing every accommodation forea genltlemanls famrily, with excellent stabling, newly-erected entrance lodge and baliff's residence, conservatory, green and forcing houses, all in the meegt perfect order, standing on high grouadc, in rich p ark-like land, commanding extensiv e and beautifuMvews, and surrounded by a highly cultivated and well-timbered domanin of nearly 1,300 acres, with complete and extensive homesteads, a portion of the estate being at present in hand, and the residue in the occupation of responsible tenants, but the rental of the whlole may be estimnated at nearly £91,300 per annum, The mansion is ineverwa suitable to the estate, hot and cold water is lad on to tue bess bd habers, anid it has recently been fittd u anembllihedthrughut n te mst ompeteand perfect mannr. he peasre rouns ae ofmodrat extnt,andthere is a capial alld ktchn grden Th lads re f kownexcellenci, andwel-socedwit gins Prtculssareinprpartin,and may shotlybe btane atGarawa's an ofMesrs Gren,estteagents First-class Shop Property, producing £90 per annunm. lIF.ROBT. KNYO-N will SELL by A'UCTION, LVI.. a the Mart, on Monday next, ati precisely, excellent LEASEHOLD BUSINEss PREMISks. situate N a.735. George-street; Bakerstreet. Portman-squarx, contalining ashop andl16rooms,in capital copai, cnsderbl snnof moneyhaving rcenutly been expendedupon. them heldon lese athe very low grun ren of ri7 Per arnupin. Foe partiular appy atthe art;or to M. Rolbt. Kenyon, auctiquDeri, 1. Cpthlt-chmbee, Cophali-ourt near the BaEmilt. Capital leaseold Shop Property, Botolphl-late, city, producing a uet Rental of £31 per annum for the whole Term. NiR. ROBT. KENYON will SELL by AUCTION, 53 at the Mart, on Mfonday next, 'it I precisely, a capital LEASEHOLD COFFEE-HOUSE, situate No. 28, Ilotolph-lane, in the city of London, let onlease for the whole term, at aprofit rental of £31 per annum, Forjcarticulars apy at the eMars to Messmr.Paterson andLonma, sliitos, 0,OldBrad-strert. Royal Exchanige; or ito lMr. Rtobt. Kenyon, auctionieer, 1, Copthall-charribers, Copthall-court. near theBraick, Avery desirable Private Residence, producing £42 per annum, lIrl. ROBT. KENYON wMl SELL by AUCTIO NT, LVL t the MEart. on .Monday next, at 1 preciely, that very respectabIeLEASEHOLD PRrVATE RESIDENCE, situate No. 24a, Halseystret.Cadganterac, Soan-steet cntaining three bed reams, drawagrom. inmrsom reeptinrom, to ktchens, wash-house_ andnet grdn n te ea plntd ithtresand shrube. Held for alog trm,at he owgrond entof 0 ls.per annum, For particuIsne pplyat he Mrt;to F Rig, El.,solicitor, 3, Bare-ad hers, Copthall-conrternear the Bank Great Bookicam, Surrey.-The truly valuablIe and compat Freehold Estate, of about 50. sores, it a substantial Residence, known as 1,Illield-bouse, surun(ldtdby beautiful gardcr-s, and well-timbered andpark-like grounds. lIR. FREDERICK JONES is instructed to SELL byA IN at Garraway', on Wednesday, May 21, at 12, (un- lespeiusdlydisposehodofb Private Cond rc. h nr eial esate arenwrewady' forT distrbutin,and may be hapfSme thnes eistae ae-n-t.27, Milk-street CMoheap teid;ado h utoer 72, Park-street Grosvenor-stuae. fo Mlddisex-Froehe'dest ate dapResdene f tosriorb substntialVILL RES dvanC aes, recntly bit,haicnseai ot by te lte ohn iles, aq.nd then Ecanbethansyeacoieet homsted, litcotags, ndo6 cresr, of, Cancc mdtoe an ffrt twen Alifrd nd eltamwet adapted fwor uligprccso Tetmnt w theprospective dantaGes,tan witnLhingoehorsriso teMeRopls PaNRtY a andTE plasca biee hd14dl ir to the b sa AUoCT ION.Dyson. slitor,ns3n' Chancery-, ldn;a Bondstreey'os TusatyM.icbns,te 20bailiff, atvr cbolefras(whosilloshow the estoate); th acnd seupa USHlnsti iDso muRiche=,StuEs, i anwtell Festhapprove and ofdesrts.e Crawler, sureors land magesntof d aho.,b5, Bedford-row,an Tn o ol th aUe Nblt an vnomdGentry Furnshin.-te omrsn Oeea N, eidbWantchmn. Rbinon'sRole 2, OlatdgiBond-streeat.on Tedyth20hin atdclyd st.,e famverys oc a ssembiflage of, gilt. deoai0 petandlusefulHOsEHOLD trpos,crbITlle E, irces n dth mosthaprdcrtvedmietasite,remove from sutheso chairsi sofafas,be,io Fnah dawest-endhone and ino solde patoerealhisant7dvancermaden b ad glegtcoees compriste, exseveral bobleadbilant chimney, cobnesoepir and chfoiersndelcsnglases inhapertsiallweigned froo amecsand beautifuly cgver,wt consolerand French muslin rong curtains, ..c. For the salle il manger, library', hall, &o, will be found a spr plate-gl~ass back sideboard. 7 feet 6 long, and one other 7 feet lung, extending tables, pedestal writing tables, plate-glass beakease, sets of chairs in moerocco and Utretht velvet, curtains of the most expensive r-renth fabric in exquisite taste, velvet pile carpets, &a. ; also the effects and appointments for 3 best bedl rosussandWld' room, partinilarly two plate-glass-door wardrobes, a lace toilet table "and gilt glass ft iXmrp6ratrioe. three fashionable bedsteads, walnut dressing and washing tables with toilet appmudapges large choral and toilet glAsses, do. likewise the furniture for scoondary rooms, and mnany other superior items ; all in the n2icest possible coLdition. Also a valuable cottag piano by Alisonanedsa vory choicea pfrcoloby Woraum- On view th dny'before ana morning of sale, Catehegues at the p lace of sale, and at Mlr. Foster's, 410. Oxford-street, who will forward the same on written applications, enclosing a postage stmp. Valuable Freehold Estate atRipe, in thecut of Sussex.-By Mr. BUSHEY, at the WVhite Hart Iunn, inLwsine county of Sussex. on Tuesday, Junel72 at 3 in the sieaso A LL that desirable F-reeholdFam situateo about -Z- erpmosfiOOoml5,OOnwessixO5mE5l amand threefrom the Berwick SainonteBihtnadELUg awa,i h parishes oRieand Selmeston, wti the Rape of Pevensey, in the county of Saoewx, comprising lOSs,.fOr. 22p,, be the same more or; less, of excellent ambrle, erad:fow, andl pasture land;, together with all that very supe- rirrsdenc belone gt h i am siuaemmediately onnosite, toe ciurel nd paronae nthe vaillagme o ipuae,inm ls h f the cbmrchand parsonage, in the villageof Pipe, ---- 31o-hg£rm buildings, comprising barns, stable, cowhouse, cattle lodges, piggery, cartaadwav on lodge, granary and cottages for labourers, ana gardens. The ahoTe mentioned farm and premiLes are now, and for many yearspast,havebeen in the occupation of Mr. WiViMam Hoimden, as yearly tenant, at the very low rent of B374. The titnes have been commuted, and the land-tax redeemed. The estate will be sold subject h an annual payment of £51 12s. Od. during the life of a lady ed S0 years in June next, and also to an annuityof a100duringthoLfeof a lady aged Sl year sm December next. The eetate may he viewred on apphleation to the tenant,and plans aod particulars 'if the propet may behad atthoBristol Hotel, Brighten; or of the auctioneer, at P.nsrmgton, or at his offices at I.Lvewo Xrnmdd and Worthinz; of Messrs. Clarke. Gray. and Woodcocl;. soascitors, 20. 1incoln s-hm-s.eids, london; MAessrs. Hornby, Towgood, and Tuke,s olicitors, 31, 8t., Svithim's-lane, London; and of Messrs. Savery, Clark, and Fusel, solicitors, Bf stoL St. Helen's Coal Field. South Lancashire.-To Capitalists, - PubUa Companies, Coal Merchants, and others.-Most important and valuable Freehold Ilfineral Property, extending nuder unward o 1,100 acres of land, with the Manorial Rights ofthe entire touw.p of Sutton. R. CAPES has received instructionS from the Il Proprietor to offer for public SALEF, at the Clarndoes Rooms, South John-street, Ltverpool, on Friday, the 30thha of cdo instant, at I o'clock. in two lots, all tho extemv in oeedh ingly taluable MINES of COAL arid other MI. ERuS, lying under upwards of 1.d10 acres of land, in the township of Sutton, near St. lieen's, together with the Manor or Lordship of Sutton, and the Manorial EightD of the entire Townthi tendiog over 3,728 acres. Thoe3 valuable minesasrerichinsweltnoewxn veins andwsams of coal, and adjoin the rapidly-inmcraieng town of St. Helensa, with its numerous glass,chymica, oand other importantwork.Te ThLiverpool ald Manchester section of the London and North-Feustern Railway, and the St. Helen's Canal and Railway, Intersect the disti-et, affording direct and rapid means of transit to the ports of Liverpool and Runcorn, the river m lersey, and the docks at Garston and Birkenhead. coets; Bouxnes and Robinson are inow working a sm;ah portion of thu mines, at a minimum annual rental of £60. The Rtushy-park Mie, the Higher and Lower Ravenhead Delfs. the .astion Miun. the St. Helen's Main DelI, the Foutr-foot Mdine, the Cannel Mine, atnd tha Burtonlcead Main Delf, hare been proved to exist in t-his ImiPariSis coalfeld. SndependentLy of existing collieries ther are sevrera eli5ibls sites3for theestablishmen3tof newworks. The coupsetncassofthecoaldfiel, is aranaquus osiion an th alostuneslushlld faciliti-s of .~asit redertin miera ditrit einetlydbecrriulr the attentioni of apialim, ubic ompnie, oalmerhans,and others; such an oppotunty or roftabe ivesmen raelyoccurring. Partlustars, with mabehadofessss.Eceaon ad Cross, solicitors F-ree-. cot- .Biskhure. sinig eninee.Oldham; the auctioneer. 12,frites-ateet Macheterandof r.Alexandler Baunerm3n,
