DEATIIS. On the 1th Iult., at West street, Dorkilg, Surrey, Mir. Jarman Hope, 2need 69. On the 7t iust.,at Ciertsery, Miss Sara5h Smiitl, in thie 8 l year of her age. On tie 0thi inst.. at Great, Yarmouth,' Norfolk, Elinibeth Margaret, ehiest child of Robert lIaoGn LoSge, Eaq., N.I.A.., alter a fortnight a ,evere illlness, aged1twvo Years. Ou the 12tt; inst., at P'aris, Iewitn Fielding, Ftq. Ont thec 32th Inst.. at Biruges,. rhUipi Staurton. Fsq., formerly of Mounttoy .juare., Dubhiu, Irelandl. On the 13th inst., at Bnurisidekqnauae, Bristol, MNiss JanD Tominlson, aged 93. On the 14thi inst.. Ca-roline rowenes Luttrell. secondl dnsught2r of Cotonel Luttrell, of }ilve Court, Somerset, igedI 27. On Tuielay. the 1Itl Inst.. at Dungarvan. t1cepiylamented,Cavoline the nife of Edwanl Quin. Fq,of Dungarvan, and eldest dauighter oi the late Rer itenry Bhar, rector of Draycot Come, and UJpton Scidairleoe Wilts. On the Nfths Inst., At Coton-hiill, Shrewsbury. Harriet, hldest daughiter of the late N. Egerton Jeffreys, Esq., agdl 64. (hi tile 16th inst.. at his resldera.., Countcr.hill,' liew.crosr Deptfora,3 Thes. Burbery, Hal,.g ged 56. On the 17th inst., at 9, LansctlowcrsrescenVtheltenhmar %fr Ann .loyd, widow of the late Atwviek Hametre, of looanie, Esq. On the 17th inst., at liis residence. 13, Cravviey-steoto Oakey,.sqiare, .To,s!ph Haydn, E~q., auther of " The Dictionary or Dates,'" moih Bool of Dignities," and ot:er standard sorks of litersture On thte 1t,th inst., greatly respcetcd, 31r. William Gilburd, of the Pier Hoatel, 336ir-iton, aged 70. On the iS5lE inst. at Vetneor. Isle of Wight, tURev. HIenryBarromw Evans, MA,of Itygrise, nlear Glecester. On the Ibtl inst.. at iorthlanijt,on, in her fouirth year, Ada Julia, the beloved child of 3Mr. John Ikeeke. On t110 10th iost., at Saint Vincent's,, Addingtrn.park, Kent, Sarannc Ceorge Dennis, Eer., of Beauo3, nt, lsoog, hi 2 gretc, by Isis family and friensto. m t er,del o On thc 1thll inst., at the Rectory Hfouse, I3loxham, Oxon, Leonud. gosrgst hid t tleRev Jme Hogsn,agst tyearaud2 months. On the 1tlihinst.. at Thorisford Rectory. Dorset, Alice Maud, the infanit daughter of tile R1ev. lhnrles R. Daimpier. On the I0th inst., at Migbhgate, Mr. George lrickett, of 34, Southraptrn8ebuildings, Chancery-lanie, aged C0. On °thle 19th inst., at 6, Cobbarm-placo,Clapton, Robert Daweson, Eq., in the ith y = of hsisage. On, di lAth tinst., At Wells, Somerset, In the 4st year of his age, Ch,arles Esward Foster. -a;q. (hi the 19tht inst., att 27i. Canbsrdge-strcet. rintulico,of consumption, George Christian Key, Esq., aged 12'). On the 19th inst., at 5, Clarenee-gajrale, Southsea, the house of bar noii-in-law, Commninder Lewis 3faithldu,. R1.N., Henrietta, widow of the late Sir John Iiewbolt, formerly Chief Justice of Mjadras, agc&Q6. (las the .2001 inst.. M&is Jula Leary. of Abhiigdon-stecot.Wes,....i., On the =3Jth Inti., at Tootuayv. Flora .'lary, the infant daughter of Alfred Lfnldzy. Esq., aged 10 ruenthns. On SunLny. the 20 th inst., at 90S Piccadilly, Jenifina, wife of Mr. Oeeori Larmbtert. of 14 Coventry-strcet, only dlauightcr of Mrs. Hill, On Sisay night, the 20th inst, at the ridlenco of her son-in-law ,Ashieypplaee. in her' 81t year, Mrs. Fielding, the venerable mother of Mrs. 8. C. Hall. On the I2th inst., at afaenlisad. at tho residence of eiar son Fmrc,s Gelolden, Ee,1., Mtary Ann, relict of the late Ihebard GEs1dq, Es,z., F.L.S., surgeonl, aged 68. Onx the 2-0t1hinst., at his house, Felcourt Lodge, Tosrquay, Sohin Clementisen, E-sq., aged 76l, wvho heldthe oilic, of DeputySbegeanhatit A nus of tLe House of Cemmsou3 for 2S yenes. On Sunday, the 20th lust,. EMlzabeth, the Trie of lHenry Hil, Esq., of Red Iose. tcheond, Surey. On the 20 th inst., at his residlence, 10. Lower rhillimore-place, Jr. r 1, mnany years an inhabitant of the High-smet, Kensington, in his 74th year. 'On the 21st inist., at Hamprstead, after a shiort illness, Haqnnal,, vwidow of the lnte Samuel Henre, Faq., in the S7th year of her age. On he IstIns.. t te huseof er em-n-lw, 1, Cogsenhagen-street
M RbYr-MAFK-Tu CITYINTELLIGNCWE. Monday ETening. In the complete absence of any further political news, the En2lish funds hve been influenced today only by the ordinary transactions of the -2noment. Consols for money, which left off on Saturday at 89g to -1, opened at 891 to mad .idvanced to 89k. This improvement was not maintained and the last official trar,C tions were at 89- for money, and 89i - t - for the ,'th of February. After reSilar hours some bazgains were entered into at a reeovery of an eighth. Bnk Stock closed at 20J9 to 210; Reduced, 890 to 90t.; New ree per Cents., 90k to #; Long Annites, ?4 ;Annuities, 1885, 16 5-16; India Stock7> Z1.tVo 220; and Exchequer-bonds, 97j to i. India Bonds and Exchequer-bills enhibited more firmness than has Lately been observable, and the final quotations were os. to Is. -discount. Foreign securities were, on the average, well xupported. Shortly after the coTnmmencement ef business there was some little heaviness, but, purchasers again appearing, a recovery took place before the close. ln Turkish Six per Cents. the operations for the account were at 88, 87-T, 8SS, J, g, i, 87k, and 88. The Small were nego. tiated at 8S. The Guaranteed Four per Cent. Scrip was bought at ,1, A, 1, i, and left off I to l dis. The otheransactions comprised:-Brazilian, 100; Ecuador New Consolidated, 14k; Granada XewActive, 19 and 20; Granada Deferred, 6,; Greek, .j; Mexican for money, 20; for the account, '20 and 2(O3; Peruvian, 76 and 77; the Three per Cents.,54A, Portuguese Four per Cents., 48; umian iFour-and-a-Half per Cents., 90, 91, and 90; the Small, 02; Saxdinian Five per Cents., 86k, 86, Ed}, 87, and 86; Spanish Three per Cents., 40 for money and the account; the New Defelred, for account, 22i and {; Pas.ive, 6Ai; Spanish Certificates of Colpon not funded, <; V=enezuela, 27; and thc Four per Cent. Certificates, 95i. On the Corn-Exchange the views of buyers and sellers are of the most extreme description, and the market still remains in a state of suspense. In some of the transactions which took place this morning a fall of 5s. was submitted to. Ths closng prices of the French Three Der Cents. en the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. 3Wk for money, and 67f. 70c. for the end of the month, showing a reaction of a quarter per cent. At Vienna, also, the market is slightly less firm. At Amsterdam Dutch stocks are a little lower, but ;Russian, Portuguese, and other descriptions-main,tain their late advamce. The continental advices continue generallyfavourable, although at Paris the rate of exchange has experienced a slight decline. At Hamburg money is rather easier, and the echange on London very firm. The recent advance in Russian stock has been followed by some considerable sales there. In 1olland the exchanges are well maintained. The trade reports from the provincial towns for the past week show that, whilethenew vfrom Vienna has created considerable animation, the feeling is nnanimous throughout the country not only against any premattue reliance being again placed upon Russian professions, but also against a discontinuance of the war except upon complete and unequivocal terms. At Mlanchester the notification 'was followd by a sudden influx of telegraphic orders from all pnarts, but althlough business was carried on to a hla extent, it was partly checked by the demiands of holders, and, the excitement having thus bee allowed time to subside, a calmer tone subsequently prevailed. At Birmingham it is considered the restoration of peace would f.vourably influence prices, since the demand for Goveniment armaments does not compensate for tbe prohibition of the export of iron to the nortSh of Euro;pe, and the general limitation of domuestic undertakings. For the present, however, tl.emzuz3et, which was previously healthy and firm, rcrnvainls without variation. In the genera-l occup,ationsof tQhe place there is fair employment for the onseEprng trade, but foreign orders are not so goodl as had been anticipated. The more favourable expl)ectations lately entertained of the assets of fhe Lichfield Bank are stated to have been diminished by a defalcation of nearly 8,0001. on the Tart of.a clerk, ancd other causes. From Nottinghiam the accounts are very satisfactory, piuchases on American account being still kept up, although the -wants of that country were supposed to have been fully supplied for the season. In the wooIlen districts al1so confidence is well maintained, and in the Irish linen-markets there has been increased ;activit. A recent trial in the Court of Queen's Bench of an insurance casce at Lloyd's has excited much attezition, the verdict apparently being little calCULiated to increase the confidence of mercantile men, whether at home or abroad,[in appealing to :Eiglish law upon points which depend in any way npcn commercial custom. Mr. Engelhardt,hof Iognot, on accotlt of thenetherlands sugar reSnery in Amsterdam, bought of MIessrs. Goodall, Olilltoji, nnd Co. a cargo of sug,ar w,hich had just arrived eff Plymonth from Bahia. On the cargo reaching Anisterdain it w;as found to be damaged. Lloyd's agent at that place immediately took the usual| steps. on the part of the underwriters; the injury Was duly ascertained to have been caused by seawater ; and the captain made the requisite declaration that itwas owing " solely to thelabouring of tbe ship and the gales encountered during the voyage." The loss amoiunted to 1,6681., or about 19 per cent. The underwriters for some time took no notice of the claim, hut after a lapse of three mcnths announced that they would contest it. An action 'was accordingly brought against them in the Court of Queen's Bench. The ground of resistance was, that, instead of the sugar having been damaged by the voyage, it was in a bad state at the timie it was shipued. The bill of lading disproved this, since it certfiied that the sugar had been " shipped in good orderandwell-conditioned;" butLord Campbellruled that "this was no evidence at all against the underwriters," and hence, as M1r. Engelhardt had mot simmnoned from Bahia the shippers (who have since failed and left the place) or witnesses fromI the plantations where the sugar was grown, the jury declared the claim to be invalid, and the underwriters free from all liability. The case was especially hard, because on no interpretation of it slould the loss have fallen upon the buyers of the sugar. Either the damage occurred during the voyage and the underwriters were liable, or the sugar purchase(d of Messrs. Goodall, Chilton, and Co., on the faith of a clean bill sf lading, was not 1, .- ading ___?I LU Die vncier these circumstances, 3Ir. Engelhardt has draln upana.ative of the proceedings,pointing outtohisbrotlier merchants the serious results involved in the decision. The chief of these is, that it mnust for the future weaken all reliance on the value of a clean bill of lading; but there are also two other points of only slightly lessUimportance-namely, the iDlustration it affords of the technical obstacles which may be interposed to the recovery of claims by buyers umder policies of insurance on floating cargoes, and the way in which nnderwriters at lloyd's wil disregard or set aside the acts of their own public agents. in this case, observes MIr. Engelhardt, "Lloyd's own agent at Amsterdam was a principal witness, and camie over to England to testify to the perfect regularity of the survey, the sale and all other proceedings in reference to the cargo, and to his firm belief in the justice of the claim." In conclusion, it is to be remarked that 3Mr. Engelhardt and his correspondents have been urged to appeal against the verdict, or try a new action. With their experience of legal technicalities and delays, however, they shrink from a further expenditure of labour, time, and nioney. " If the underwriters, r any of them"' they say, " are disposed to submit the case to practical comniercial men, whose decisionx would be prompt, just, and inexp?ensive, we are ready to join issue with them again, but not other7ise."' 't a meeting of the Union Bank of Australia, held to-day, MIr. X. J. (Yammins presiding, a dividend was declared at the rate of 27 per cent. per annum free of income-tax, and the.report and accounts were umaniuously adopted. It was stated that the prdence. exercised in maniagement has prevented any Leeous loss, and that ample provisionrhas been made tormeetbad and doubtful debts. Althoughtherecent dlepr'eson in the colonies has interfered with ana mncrease of profits, thelatest advices indicate tha i steady recovery is tang place wvhich will again give healt-hy stimulus -to anling -and mercantweoperations.- Snbj6inedisanabstractF;f the reporyt- e state fcomnnrciaidepression noticed in the last anmal report continaed inthe Australian colonies with verky Iittfniproveaient np 'to'-the clOsE of the -hal-year now rep&rtedon, eadinkt e-3Oth:ofjnmela4. andlhis reqirea ear.e pfiart of th& iik the constant exercise of a trudent anitcaidu resthicti6n of its a;dvaices. Thispoicyj WhiHe> A ttzleiig id EGme degre to G'inlie proE asoubt - ., a- t,ds bprofitsb. . . . "In compliance with the terms of the St. Katharine Dock Act, the annual accounts have been accessible for the last 14 days. These show the results of operations of the past vear to be as follows.:-Gwross earnings, 295,8347.; axpenditure, incgding interest, 195,019d.; leaving net e.arnings, lOO,S157. At thc halfyearly general meeting in July lnast a dividend as declared at the rate of 2pler cent., amounting to 3S, ,96L, and a bonus at the rate of 10s. per cent., amounting to 9,699L., in addition to which the sum: of 5,000!. was authorized to be appropriated towards the cost of cons1tuction of thehydrauimachnery and of the improvef entof theCntler-street warehousest these amounts, ma-dngein the aggregate 53,4957., deducted fron the net earnings oef the past year as above stated, leave 47,320L., which, added to the balance SO,2867. broudht forweard from the year 1w§i, after payment of the dividend for the second half of that year, declared in January last, giCes a present ailable balance of 127,6067. The directors reeonmuend that a dividend be nowr declared for the. half-year ended the 3Latoaf December lastiat the rate of 2 pJer cent, upon the capital stock of the company, such dividend to be paid fFee ot inco;ue-tax If this recommendation be auprof~ed, a baLance wcill remain to be carried forw.ard to the present year ofSS,S101. The additional floors to the Cutler-street w arehouses, the construction of which bad been suspended Xduring the winter months and was resumed in the spring, are now completed, and it is anticipated will afford a valuable increase of accommodation in that department to the China trade. At the half-yearlygeneral meeting in January, 1852, the completion of the south-west wing of F warehouse, at a cost of about 7,000!., was authorized by the proprietors, but the directors postponed the construction of that building until other orks which they deemed of more immedliate importance should have been finished. During the pst hi*lf-yesr it has been found that the requirements of trade render additional v-ault accomruodation in- these docks desirable, and the directors have therefore contracted for the completion of the abovementioned building with its vaults, and of vaults under the cart areas adjacent thereto, at a cost of between 10,000!. and 11,0001., which works are now in progress. The following is a comparaMtivestatement of the quantities of goods landed and in warehouse in these docks, and also of the shipping and tonnage that have entered the same durng the years 1853, 1854, and 1855 respectively GOS GOODS. 1853. 185£M 155. TonWL Tons. Tons. landed .144,38 .. 132,548 128153 GoodsinaVarchouseouthe3lstDec. S3152 79,440 62,638 The British Empire, Captain Vaughan (late the Demerara), has arrived at Queenstown with a cargo consisting of upwards of 4,000 tons of guano, the largest cargo ever imported in one ship. It wiD be remembered this was the ship that was ashore in the Bristol river two or three years back, and was said to have sustained irreparable damage. The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have comprised five vessels, two to Port Phillip, two to EobartTown, and one to Sydney,with an aggregate capacity of 3,419 tons. The rates of freight exhibit scarcely any alteration. A meeting of railway shareholders is proposed, by advertisement, to be held at the London Tavern to-morrow (Tuesday) to consider the state of their property, together with a plan "then to be propounded" to arrest further depreciation. less proteced the banlc ktom los to wbich it would otherwise have been PXpoWed. The reserves made to cover badand doubtful debt,s con1 derably exceed the utmoet esimate of probable loss. "T he adv:ces eceived from tha branches since the half- Y m-ounts were made up reach down to the 18th of Octob°r: and are more cheering in their charcter. General ra ,evisendentlyrecovering its former activity; internal 3.introvements are everywhere vigorously proceeding; the agricultural prospects are good, ad the supplies of gold fully sustained, while new and valuable discoveries continue to be announced. The directorsproceedto submit the statemuent of accounts for the sir months now reported on,which presents an mount of net profits of 119,S., from which W has been deducted for income-tax paid, leaving110,9381. for division. This admits of 110,700L being appropriated for the purpose of dividend to apply as interest on. the paid-up capital, and the same will furnish a dividend by way of interest at the rate of 134 per cent. for the half-year, ceing at the rate of 27 per cent, per annum on the amount paid up in respect of sach share in the capital of the comany, pay.able m London, free of income-tax, ont the 12th of rebruary next, and ir tbe colonies, wvith the addition of income-tax, as soon as the inspector shall fix afteg the receipt of advises. STATMEMET OF - ILtAMITIES AND ASSETS AT Tl}E BBMit&ESs ON THE 30M OF JUTM, AND AT TiE LoNnox-OzmczE ON THE 31sT OF DECEEER, 1855 UAITES. Circulation ... ... ... ... . 465,919 0 0 Deposits .... . ..t.e . 2,854,40119 2 Bills payable and otherliabilities 534,442 2 9 Balance of undivided profits 119,234 0 8 Rescrve fund (invested as per contra) . £200,000 0 0 Paid-np capital . 820,000 0 0 I '- *- ' ~~~~1,020,000 0 0 I 4,993,997 2 '7 STATEMENT OF I'ROMS. Balance of undivided profit at June, 1855 2131,295 19 5 To which are now to be added the profits of the past half-year, ending at the branches 30th of June, and at the Bondon-office on the 31st of December, 1855 ... ... ... 119,988 16 9 Deduct income-tax paid for half-year, on the average of the last three years ... ... .. 9,050 15 6 HlU,SMS 1 3 £242,234 0 8 Amount of interest paid to proprietors at hlidsummer, 15 ... ... ... ... 123,000 0 0 Baance of undivided profit at this date ... £119,234 0 8 Al'SEIM Specie on hand, including bullion and cash balances ... .. ... ... ... £1,536,217 211 Bank premises and other property ... 44,563 5 4 Bills receivable, Government stock, and other securities. ...... ... .. 3,213,216 14 4 Investment of reserve fund, New Three per Cents. (late 34) ... ... ... 200,000 0 0 £4,993,997 2 7 RESERVE FinD. As reported at June, 1655 ... £. .. 8200G000 0 0 The half-yearly meeting of the St. IKatharine Dock Company took place to-day, Mr. J. IV. Cater in the chair, when a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum was declared, and the report was received as satisfactory. A proposal to increase the distribuition to 21 per cent. for the half-year, owing to the development of business, and the large total of the reserve, now 88,8001., although meeting the approval of several of the proprietors, as not generally supported, it being explained both by the chairman and Mr. £:1yn that the prospect of competition and other contingencies rendered caution for the present necessary. Annexed is an abstract of the renort:
BAILWAY D MININGHARE& i Monday ELsalng. There Was increased fihmness in the railway. market, and the operations in some cases were on a more extended scale. Midland, North-Western, Great Western, and York, Newcastle, and Berwick showeed the principal acivity. The shares of the Australian land and banldng companies were steady, with a moderate amount of business. In Canadaland, transactions took place at 137 and. 135, and they were finally quoted 133 to 138. 01ther descriptions exhibited littile change, miscelLaneous investments being generally neglected.
THE CORN TRADE. MtARK LANE, MONDAY AFT}!BlOm, JAN. 2L The arrivals last week consisted of a fair average supply, exports being limited to 7256sacks of flour. Of homegrown wheattherc were 6,141 quarters; of foreign 11,958; about 2,000 being from India, 5,000 fron Egypt, and the remainder from Spain and the Mediterranean. The supply from Essex and Rent this morning was fair, with the condition greatly deteriorated by the damp weather. This circumstance, with a continuance of Friday's paralysis, occasioned an alniost total cessation of:business, the low terms offered by buyers being deemed by holders below the necessity of the case-say 8s. per quarter; but a reduction of fully 5s. would have been accepted. There was a liberal supply of country flour-viz., 16,070 sacks, with 675 sacks and 6,275 barrels foreign. Norfolks were offered at 64s. American not pressed, both forpign and town-made quotations being nominal. Of barley there were 5,886 quarters English, with a fair sprinkling of samples this morning. The offers made were too low for acceptance, but prices may be generally con sidered 2s. to 3s. less. The sale of malt being stopped by events, quotations.were held nominally as last quoted. The supply of oats, without being heavy, exhibited great variety of samples. There were 11,023 quarters foreign, 4,656 quarters Scotch, 8,472 quarters Irish, and 6,252 quarters English-in all 24,822 quarters. The few sales made were at a reduction of Is. to Is. 6d. per quarter for foreign and British, and inferior Irish 2s. Of beans there were 1,678 quarters, rather more than half foreign. Of peas, entirely English, only 416 quarters. Both beans and peas were offered at 2s. per quarter abatement. Linseed from India was again plentiful-viz., 7,183 quarters. Prices cannot be relied on, but there was no pressure on the market. The cloverseed trade finds some movement at full prices for foreign, there being no English on show. Caiaryseed, bempseed, rapeseed, and other kinds much as last quoted. %U=U±tSNI ±'RWES OF BRITSH GRAIN AND FLOUR IN? MAIUK-LAN41 Ditto, new 60t - 76 87oS Ditto, red, old .7 7 $- -i Ditto. new.. 5 - 73 --- Norfolk, rineolusbirs, and Y'orkshire, red, old .75 -SI 2 -395 Ditto, new.. 58 -72 - EalyMaltig nw. 5-38 Chevalier * 3 s- 4 D1istiling * 34 - 6 Grindig. . a- 3 Malt- Es,Yook,a;d Sufiolk 74-36 - -32 Kinstn,Waead town-made 753-78 --32 Brown * ~~~~64 -69 Gaa nlsieed 26 -27 WoVti . .27-33 Scotch feed, new:: . . . . 28-30 Ditto, old . . . - Irish feed. wite 24 2'a fine 2 Ditto, black 2 -2 --27 Bein a ew . -- 33 7 -38 Higeon .. 59 -43 real- 'Whito boller.45 -48 Maple .. 6- 9 flour- Town-miade, per sack of 20h70 72 Households, town6 6 Ditto, outy55 58 Noflk and Suffol, ex ship 83 5 FOREIGN GRAIN. Wheat-Dantslc., mixed 69 to 91 bihmxd--9 x. o9 Konigsberg .. 84 -86 -i l to 97 Ero-,now.. 82 -86 fine 90 94 AROsr=anwhite 88-9 red803 Pomnera.,Meckb., andU1~ckerrk ,,t 84 8 85 89n Sfllesan, red .. 81-8 ht 5 8 Drnish&Holstein 74-80 - 80 84S Odlessa, St. Peters- burg, &RIiga 75 -77 fine 79 -32 B3arley-Grinding . .32 - 4 Distiling.-4~~ Oats- Dutch, brew, and Polands 29 1 2 Ditto, feed ..-. .. 8 Danish and Swdish feed ..27 -29 Beans- 41elnadloaen. 2 -04 Xonlgsberg ~~~~~41 45 Egsptian. ,,8-~~~~~~~39 Pesa- Feedrn~~~~ . . . S46- - Indian COrnWhte41 - 414 per sa 6 -k. Ameica, yur,pebar-el . . 38 -39 Ditto,wetdtt .40-42 dO. tO. Taxesvuwinter, wrrbusbel .. SOtoT7fi Coriander, pere-wt. 20 - 24 Caraway, per cwt., new .. so - - Wle$ per ton X£14170 15Biapeseed, perqr., new . .85 - 98 Oake, per ton .. £10 ;esHeureced ;~ FOREIGN SEEDS, toc. 3esc prqn-Smanal.5- - Coriander, perewt.. . 5 - 20 ..wa4-2 - 46 prqr.'-Ba1tio.:75 - 78 lBomay80 -85 M,per ton.£7 10 85-1
I B bWAY 7INTELLIGENCE. - * I R(Vt.nFTQ:T f(2vvP ArT. The -directors of this company have enterid into a working agreement with the -Edinburgh, -Perth, ana lDundee :C9mpsany, and as -into angarueroentwith the Ec1inburgla Thend udasgoiory oftscompanyfor the UeC of the d-v$idrs branch of that railway, ana the station h at SighthiL T.hey atso propse to obtain the authority of the shareholders to eld shares for toie caupaly t the amont of g 13,4 0t . ill the Dunb',ane, Doune, and CallanLder Railwy, when sanctioned by ParLiament. MAJWDLESOROUGH AeD gcUSmO}OUGH. TRhe directors of this company have declaroda dividend-at th3 ratedof per cent. per annum for the half-year cnding ,the 31st of December 1ast, 0nder the working agreement With the Stockton and Da19 ngtoniRailwy Ccr y. The net expenditure on.capita account durng the half-year amounted to 1,214!. -outhl Ps- -- -e, Ea~~ilway~ ese.eaenCndS - 15 Week ending3an 14. D - £ lWorther lotfRance .. .. -..... .. - .. - .. 12,075 .. 29,OSG Week endin Jan 19. Lodon,Bdito, a4d SoutJh Clast.. . . .- .. 7,127 .. 2,412.. ,SB9 g.. S,97STouth-Easten *.. .. - .. - .. - .. 12,922 .. 13,183
BAI KNO'E FORGERIES BY THE ANASTATIC I ~~~PROCESS. tAdvert5seme:nt3 TO THE EDITOR OF THIE TIMES. Sir,-Mr. Appel, in his letter of thel4th, inanableto refute our statement, refuses to prove 111s words unless we throw out a challenge of 2001. to the world to forge banknotes, a course which wre deem immnoral, if not legalliy crimzinal, and to which w e cannot consent. He states that he has successfuly reproduced one of our banknotes, and that he enclosed you, Sir, a copy of the initation. It is not your province to pass judgment on such points, or we shoild be quite willing to forward you a copy of the original, and then to leave it to yonr decision whether the print sent yon was a successful reproduction; but we are content to give the opinion of Mr. Granville Sharpe, the author of the work (Prize Emay on Bankirnj), which contained both original and copy. Mr. Sharpe requested us to funiish him with specimens of our work for insertion inhis Essay,. We sent him India proofs of a banker's note as a specimen of our ordinary work; we also informed him that, although the amateur forgers by the Anastatic process had nothithertobeenablesuccessFullytoimitate engravedcnotesof a su]Verior quality-and we did not believe they would-yet, as it wvas possible they might eventually attain sach a result, we had devised and patented a plan by which we could put them at defiance; and, sending him spedmens on bankmote paper of the same note, with this security added, all of which appear inthe work itself, with lr. Sharpe's comments as follows: -" Mr. Appel, from severe illness, being prevented from attending to the matt'er himself, the copies already taken have tured out a failure. If tine permits a second set will beprepared-itmust, however, be filiynnderstoodthatthese copies are taken from notes which have not been faced upon Messrs. Perkins and Co.'s newprocess, asshownat No. 3 A." The writer who cals that a successful reproduction which is thus characterized, needsanew dictionary. Whether the imitations of the postage stamps, a few of which were sent through the post at the instance of a Parliamnentary Committee, were equally successful, we cannot say, as we were never mnade awiare of the fact, had no opportunity of seeing them, and no reference was made to them either in our examination before the committee, or in the published report of that committee. As, however, we are quite willing to challenge Mr. Appel to prove his words on fair andreasonable terms, we hereby agree to deposit the sum of 2DO1. lwith any London banker if MIr. Appel will deposit l001., on the conditionthat if Mr. A. reproduces within a specified time (say one month) a note similar to that published in Mr. Granville Sharpe's book, as intended to defy the Anastatic precess, and of which many thousands are in circulation, to the satisfaction of an umpire of undoubtedimpariality andrespectability, he shallreceive the-whole stakes so deposited, but that, if he fails, we shall receive them; and, moreover, that if on receipt of an ordinary banker's check, printed on the patent green anti-Anastatic paper, such as Mr. Saunders, of Dartford, now supplies to the public, with Glys and Ap peI's name as the watermark, we do not transfer and reproduce that check in the presence of the nmpire, we will forfeit any sum Mr. Appal may name, provided he will forfeit an equalsumif we suceeed. We are. Sir. very resneetfllv. von,' nlwA5nipn ca'vnf, P PER1RTS. BACON.X mCG. I t. , bleet-strect, Jan. 1l.
BANKEOTE FORGERIES BY THE AXASTATIC PROCESS. Advertmentl TO THE EDITCOR OF THE TIMES. Shr,-I hoped that I should not again have been forced to address youen the above subject, and confidently nwaited the acceeptance of my offer to bankers partitularly to thos for whiom 1fr. Drak-e prints. to fucoish them gratuitously wsith facsimiles of their notes in circulation, and to produce the plate on which the transfer was takeen, and from whieh they were printed. This course, as is evident to any unpreiudeced mind, would be the best proof of the truth of my assertions, and the mtoot searching as weU as practical test of the danger of the anastati pro0es, as applied to forgery. But as Mr. Drake, in his letter of the 19th inst.. reiterates with the most extraordinary perversity assertions already disprovea, taill, in order that the public may fairly judge between us. recapitulate as shortly and clearlyas posible the main facts of the case, as publisbed in your columns:- Mr. Drake first wrote to "Tho In my reply of the 29th ult., Times" on the 29tlh Ult., stating- L Iis disbelef of my oath be- 1 I sent for your own inepecfore the police magistrate thbat I tion a foesimile of the note traushad reproduced a Bank of Eng- ferred for the Bank of England. land note. 2. That, although lithographs 2. 1 tated that I had exhibited or fresh copperlats engravings facsimiles of a copperplateengrmib ereprouced, yet it was ving 340 grass old, and TLthaemu impossible to transfer and reprint reproduced in 1854 the elaborate impressions from cospperplate if copperplate mals of Russia and the ink was alowed a reasonable Turkey, printed in Vientia in S19. time to dry. both of which, together with the plates and the transfers still hereon, I offered to show lim, 3. Thattheinsurmountablediffi- I I told him in the most munqaculty in the way of the anastatic lided manner that any substance forgerwasthatfacsimlnlesconldnot suitable for any other mode of be printed on hard-sized or hank- printing was equally suitable for note paper. the auastatic method. On the 11th inst. messrs. Perldns My reply on the 14th inst. stated and Co. published in " The Times" that I had reproduced byauthority their conviction that a banimote, p go-stamps, printed by Messrs withareasonable aunountof engine rerkius and Co.. which facsimniles tamed and other workuponit,was passed trndeteted through the secure from forgery by anastatie Post-office; and, further, that I means-necessarily assuming that hadtmnsferredand reprinted their their own engraving, the extieme own elaborate specimen banlmote, beauty0ofwhichhas longbeenthe a copy of which I enclosedto you. admiration of aU practical men, was a certaim protection. On the 16th inst. Mr. Drake On the 18th inst.I offered to -agan wrote to you admitting that furnish gratuitously, under proper he had seen a transfer, among authority. to those bankers who others on tissue paper, from one employ 3Sr. Drake facsimiles of of fessrp. Perkins and Co.'s notes, their notecs including toe waterin the American style, issued by mark, and emphaticallyrepicnted an English joint-stock bank, but that no banlmote at present in recording lswould-beacutenotion circulation ons safe. - that the paper in these notes being dededly not hard-sized I accounted for it. And now, in answer to MIr. Drake's letter of the 19thin-tLI a-am reiteratethe fact I have so often proved. that copperplate,as elae lithe phic pnng, no matter how old. has been and can be transforredto a sine plate by my process; thatfrom thetrinsfersoobtained impressions can be printed on bankuote and hard-sized paper, n lines, parchment, or velumn, with eqoual faclity as on India tr= tiss papes. nd,lasoy. hatno cp lte r oher engraiving is secure from ransfr unlss prnted atentpaper invented by me, butinwhich, as have altreadyUsMtnated inpatpreviroulelttser.Ihuelonge FO artedssjth any pecunIary interest; .tnd I hereby defY M&r. Dlratceor his fneadls, who refesE;toconsiderit useless, to obtainatmansferfron it eiter n m~siorstoe fonshic ipresios nnbe taken, without re-engraving,if t°heink ofothme orhigcina bte dry,and Istake my reputation on the result. eoe ylf oteaattcpe For more thau 20 year Ihavedevotodmyhietothe natit cess, and I can with the strictest truth and confidence assertthat. although I have given to the world . bane in that invention, I have counteracted its bad cffects by inventing a secure and certain antidote in thepatentpaper. Ileave this plain statement of facts to the nmprejudiced judgment of the public, and bankers in particular, to whons 3 again repeat my offer to prove gratuitously the insecurity of their notes; - but wIl ocup my time mn eperi menting for any one who has dealt an unfairly as Mr Drake has in this correspondence, and whose sole object appears to be to depreciate me and my inventiens, while he beouts of the security-of bis own remaly agn'st a danger hesafects toignore. I remcaL Sir. vour obec3ient servant. RUDOLPI APPEL. 3, Gcnwd-shreett SBbo. Jam.. 2L. -
. . . IRELAI . (7oxi otn OWN COk?rOxDMmj.t, DUBIN, MoN-DAY Monnrw . --- DZcLThE DO: ZmOCiuuii _- The we jouislsontinueto notice a ni*ke decine in the nuiber of' emigrans from 'thxat. quartei of'the kdngdom. According to the Tuant ferald, very fefw,as compared sth former aeos are leaving, while,- on the contrary, xeveral personS are retmrning home with the intention: of investing the capital they have amassed abroad in industria puirsuits in the oId laud. The umDber of the-hkttet us, no doubt, incons6iderable, but the return of those few is said to have produced a stron,g mi. pression upon the public nin(r ., TIM F.LX CROP OF 185. 'The annual meeting of the RoByallax Fnprove& -ment Society was held in elifast on Friday it -Robert-Bateson, in the absence of Lord-Dow;are, presidiiag. In presentbig tfheir report, the comD ittee -express their regret that, from- a combinatioh o£ adverse circumtances, the rish filan crop of 8s55 has been considerably lesthanthat of the preceding year; but this temporary chewk did not diseirtei them, and they had no doubt that ere long £ fi impulse would be communicated to a branch of agriculture which naturehad pointed out as so peculiarly suited to IrelandL The report then prooceds to point out the causes of the deficient crop aq follows . -11wll bie bornein namd th4t the Irish flax erops of 1853 and 1854 were both considerablyunder an average as to yield and quality; indeed, since the foundation o2 thesoeiety, none havegiven sncb unsatisfactory results, The natural consequenceor farmers havine been badly remnme. rated was to render them vomurable to the .abstitation of other croU for f1ixin tho sprXn of 1855. thels fadxW yielded bdyand frinishea V40S prolit, the cerssl bad ven a fairproduo, and, owing to tte war, sold a' prioes My equal to those obtained -in thefamine years.- The potatohadrecoveredto a great extent its former healthminess and roots and fodder of all kinds conmnandel high rates. The foregoing circamstanoes alone would have been suM. dent to inflaence the Irish fanmer to reduoe,-or evem to suspend for a time his flax culture, had not another imlortantmatter fnally decidedlmany waverers to -apply their soil to other crops. The usnal supply of Russia liaxseedfor sowi, obtained during the tume of peaoe direct; from Riga, had to be brought byway of Prunsia, and,,the flrs choice of the land transporb across the Russian frontier being given to more valuable articles, great delay occurred, sothat much of the quantit7-in itself smIll-which came forward, did not amve until the end of the soivng season. In 1854, the spply of nev Riga seed being also small, oldc and inferior seed=ad been in numerous instances sown ana. esulted in dissappointment to the grower. Farmers,.therefore, warned by this, were unwilling last spring to ruan the risk of a similar failure; and, although a larger proportion than usual of home-saved seed was put into the ground, it. did not make up for the deficiency of foreign. Assas fully anticipated, the returns of the area sown with lar showed alarge fa1ing off. In 1E15 lB,403 acres haa b'een sown - ina155 only 917,192; being, in round numbers, a reduction of 35 per cent. But, although the fiures for 1855 appear very unsatisfactory, when placed beside those for the thre3 preceding years, during which flax cultivation made such a wond,rfully rapid progress, we find that they are only 1( per cent, under the averaAe of the eight years endedlS54, while, compared with te 53,863 acres of 1848 and the 60,314 of 1819, they are even verysatsfactorv. 'The crop of 1855 is afew thousand acres over that of 1850, so that we are, in fact, thrown back just five year3 by the untoward causes already detailed." 3A1L fl T5 GRf_MA r. As might have been expected, the prospect of peace has had the natural effect upon the Iri1h corn-markets, and already there has been a seriout fall in the prices of all kinds of grain. In some instances the recent continentl intelligence created a panic among the dealers, and sales upon any terms could hardly be realized, A few extracts from the notes of the leading country markets will show tha state of feeling:- "Corsu,.Jau. 19.-In the cornatrade in this citvthere was an utter cessation of business during the day. At the corn-market yesterday morning business was completely checked. Wheat fell 4s., and oats and barley 2s. per boarrel There were scarcely any purchases made, and sellers, in most instances, stored their cormn." " LEss.1cm, Jan. 18-In the grain-marlket this morn. ing, in consequence of the intelligence received yesterday, no grain was purchased, with a very partial exception, up to 12 o'clock, the buyers awaiting news either in confirna. tlion of or in contradiction to peace by magnetic telegrph. A large qunutityof lrainappearedinmarket, but the greater portion of it remained unsold. The quotations for oatss show a decline of from l3d. to t10d. per stone from Tuesday's prices. Barley, wlich lately sold at 173, was dis. posed of at l3d. per stone; and in red wheat we notimcd a considerable decline, although -verylittle except an odd loal appeared inmarket. This sudden fall in the prices of grain has created much sensation, and large quantities were brought back to the country unsold. In all descriptions of busineis a great dalness-indeed, we may add, a_partial paralysis-3revails; while the utmost excitement prevails among all classes of the citizens-the humbler classes, in particular, being overjoyed at the prospects of a speedy peace." "Bzarasr, Jani. 21-The corn trade, which had been receding for several days past, has got a final barrier placed on its operations by the report of peace. We were prepared for a change in value and a lessened disposition to puh but certainly couldnothave anticipated that,,even-were it; certainthabt all our antidpations ofthe cessationof war were fully realized, there should have been such a complete stagnation of trade in breadstnffs." "1 GAIWY, Jan. 20-The market this day was Unusually large, and abundantly supplied with grain. 'Up to a late hear few orno sales of any consequence had taken place, both buyers and sellers being utterly puzzled as to prices, caused by the news of Russia having accepted thepeace pro. positions suhnitted to her. After 2 'clock some stocks begantochange hands' slowly, but at considerable reduct:ons. Sellers are still holding on, and purchasers are f mid. The fact is, we are threatened, with all the reaction of peace prices, without any certainty of peace itself Inwheat there was a reduction of . 6d. per cwt ; in oats a fall of Id. per stone; and in harley a decline of is. 6d. yer barrel."
M1ETBOPOLITAN CAWTLEf-ABEET, Jar; 21. The arivals of cattle and sheep iato the port of Londonfrom tlo continent dming the past week chs been vesytsifling The Custom-house return gives one entry of 69 oxen and 93 cdjve5, mainn a total of 162head only. The state of trade was to-day again very bad, for notwithatandliE that the supples were moderate, the demand s very dul, and pricto werelower. MIany things were turned out unsold. The supply of beef comprised 3,776 head of bea.s of fair arerago quality. but the butchers eere excedingly slow buyers of anything at any pice. Agenraul reduction of 2d. pe stonewas made. and in omeiuancesthesalesmen were obligec to submit to a stil iuthEr reduction, and even then business remained singularly dull. Tho extreme prices were 3s. &L to s &L per stone of Elb. Of sheep, about 20S,0 head onl were on offer, but they dlid not all sell many being turned out unmol There were fow calves on ole, but pig-s were in plentiful supply, andmet with a dunll sale.
1V XE S- 2 /aUllg ff 2"L& CRYSTA.& PALACE CO,lPABY. [Adver metnt ladlies and Gentlemen,-To the four hmdired and eighty twvo shbv holdecr who have done me the honour of recording their independent votes inmyfavouratthelate electionof four nev. directors Ibcght Offer my most smeere thanks. The eircumsance of my not having been t-em elected clM in no wav dimimish the great interest I have always talen in the success of tha company. To those shareholders who have adhered to the too preralent cnstom of voting for the candidates nominated and supported by the inflenoa of thre Board of Directors I have onl to xrespsvssy hope that orn some future occasion, whe I may again rolicit tho honour of theirupport,vupon peTfectly independent princples, theystill reothataaa election conducted upon those principles is the fairest mnd xoes; effectual way of securing to the shareholders that which theyorw legally entitled to-viz., the right of choosing their own representatives at the board. I have every reason to be much gmtiled lwith the support of aearI Sie hundred Ehareholders, and with my sinere acknosledgments for the scme. I have thehonour to be, Ladies and Gentlemen, your vry obedienit and obliged servant, S. rii SOTHEBY. 7heWooaland% -orwool, Jam 21. 18.
A RAmrLwY Roe&ci A -A singular affair ocurrecl on the Wear Valley Railway (Dnrhm) the rday. gentleman from Binniriigham found _it_e_E seated m a fistwclass carriage, his is-a-ris, and the onlyoteherpasseager in that compartment of the carriage being a bloominglay' ansering to the alliterative description of -fat, fair, Zan forty." The train had scarcely moved 100 y-ards from the sta. tion before the lady suddenly leaped from her seat, and exclaimed to the otherpassenger, "How dare you, Sir? Wvhat do you mean?' The gentleman astonished, replied thlt "he did not understand; he had done nothing to harmr aer." Anain and agaimshe sprang from her seat in apparent terroand rage, and declared v-ith vehemence that her neighbour was a "villain, and she would have him talken into- custody at the next station." The gentileman protested his innocence, andaskedwhat he had done; htthe eccentrie Mady still kept leaping from her seat, raving "uinst his treatment, till the gentlemuan decided that 'she wats mad, aan resolved On the arrival of thc train at the niext statiosa to give her into cusody. As her eccentricitv did not; abate, nor her rage either, he, on-the arrival of the train at one of the stations, was about to carry his resolution into action, when she suddenly sprang to the door and screaed -out " Guard-! Guard d" at -the top of her-'ic, and presently collected not only the , but a crowd of people around her. - She then commenced her accusatiouni wordr, both loud and deep, protesting that the. gentleinan had i=properly pinched-her legs, and the gentleman, horriied at the charge, protesting, with equal vehemence, lila perfect innocence. At this juncture, when mattersoo6kedsexiou% for the gentleman, the ,uard happened to recollect that hb had placed a basket under the seat of the carriage contain. -;ing a live goose; and, pulling it ou, the mystery as'e plained, the bird being-the crimini, ind having capsed tho 3ady's fears and the "-entleman's apprehens,or. : This cxplanation was reeeitedith petfect eood7umonut and satis' ,action-by the paies coiicerned, and She train renewea it, journey wmd the coiulsiovelanghter and 4plaRuSo f th' assemblex aultitude. -
TIE CAPE ;-F GOOJYOPE. We have Teceived filea of papers from the Cape of Cood Hope to the lit of November inclusive. Ihe FrSnen of the reeate p~ublishes the following report of a conference between the President, J.' l, Bcehoff,'Esq., and the Batafisief, MIoshesh, his ExcellencySir zOg §Greyibeing present. lt took pIaeo on the 5th of 5ctoberaa3t: "Tre Prtsident.-Ina very gld to see Mfoshesh here in the plesence, of his Excellency Sir G. Grey, on the first cical oiopprtunity-w have had of meting in the Free 13tate. 7 thoik itwell that we should often meet, as per. socul visits are always much more satisfactory than corexpondencebyletter. Aswe meet now personally we bad isetterspeak of business I have often heard that Mosbesh iss rantof peace and isdesirousof holdingpeacewith the whites. tam alsoa man of peace, and now in the presence of his chief men I wish to show him on what terms we may yn,kepeace andfriendship continue. As the best mode t 4 do so myview is that, as I am chosen on one side, and. Koehesh on the other, to see that peace is not interrupted, -we should, in case any disturbances occur, let each other $mow our ninds freely. I shall therefore tell him at once'that I have, on my arrival, been very sorry to hear of many thefts having been committed within our bounaryby wicked -people from the- other side. I would be glad to convince hin that such things mnst beput a stop to, or the consequences will be that they will put the country in a blaze, and dogreat harm to all. These are all the com- haints } know of as yet. Mr. Ford has alreadyrepresented She case to him, snd lhe has promised to punish the thieves, and putastop to the steaing. I have no doubt that he will prove hiamself aman of his w ord, and male his chiefs Isephim to carry outhis promises. " Mfohesh.-Feace is the mother of alL I admire what your Honour has mentioned. I would ie glad to hear any remarks of M1r. Ford's in confirmation. "President.-We will await your answer. "3foshesh-If no one dsespeaks it niayappearas if these were the words of only two people. "President.-I anc the rsepresentative of all my people, and my word is theirs also. T wish to hear the mind of )Iosheshls people through him as their chief. "Moshesh.-May the things we speak of asceid to heaveni! ly nuind looks on the twopersonages present as the first fruits of a newyear. I do not mind faults being mentioned, but I understood this to be a meeting of friendship. I met MIr. Ford about the faults now brought forward. I do not deny that some of the things have gone in our direction. I do not know the best means of stopping these things. lVhat has the Governor come for? Has he bseen sent by his master? Is there not a word of advica and wisdomn" I cannot bear the weight of alL You come from the Land of Chaka. If you have not seen him, you may have seen prints of him. He was ruined by his relations. Yon have wisdom to build beautiful houses of clay. We got all we have from the wh.tes, can we not make some p2an by wh'ch.we can enijoy what we have and keep peace Dr. Philip wrob to the E;nglish Government when we were in trouble, anl it aseistedus The complaints have not been sufficiently established. If you can show me the c.ause of dissatisfaction let me knon-. There I end. "President.-I wiMl take him up at the last word. The cause he must know, but the way is this,-his people come in and steal. The missionaries have been long enough in the country for them to know that stealin is wron. I believe that Moshesh has enough good men among his people to help hina to put down the wicked men who steal. I am gladto hear that he wishesto get advice. I wantit also. If we can both get adLice, 1, for my part, a.n ready to take it andlbe guidecby it. If hseis viuhngISt tako e advice from ihis E:ccellency, I am also. I wil state the cause of comnpLuint, and if he has any. I hope that he will state any ho anay have, and then if I can Iwvill remove it. I wvill- tell hima cIcarly in as few w ords as possible w.hat we complain ef. The thefts commnitted in 31r. Ford's district within two tears, as carefully collected by him from the field-cornets, amount to 297 head of breeding cattle. "a ,osheshl-I have already agreed avith 3r. Ford that I ras convinced that some cattle had been stolen, and I have made him promises. Can you not give me sonse advice? "President.-IfjlMosheshwillhisten will just tell him the zrmbers. "Moshesh.-It is jast what I wanted. ''Prcsident-Oxen and breeding cattle together, 363horses, 294: sheep, 112. I was not satisfied with thesinmplreturns of the field-cornets, and have instracted 3Mr. Ford to get statemnents on oath from the owners of stolen cattle. This is not yet completed, but is considerable. Sivce the numbers in the statement of the field-cornets have been accertained many more cattle have been stolen. When thefull amount is ascertained I will let Aloshesh know. I do not want to do anything unjust. I will examine the list mnself, and find out those for which Moshesh is answerable, and when this number has been ascertained I vill tell Moshesh. I have now ordered the Lamddrosts to send in monthly retarns of stoln cattle, with aU theparticulars of the theft, instead of allowing the list to accumulate for two years. I vwll teU hin also that it is not only from Yr. Ford's district that complaints are masde. I have received reports also from Mr. Orpen that thefts of horses are committed on the Winburg border. Some of the horses have been found with Molitsani, and some have been given up; others he refuses to return, siness the owners come to fetch them. This must not be. Xy people cannot be put to such expenses. He ought to have sent the stolen horses and thieves to inhbur", -where they would have been punished by us. SteMsing vwill never cease, unless the thieves are punished. 1ietaking stolen cattle from the thief is no ptnishment. He ough' also to he fned or receive corporal punishment. If the chief refuses to give up the thief he makes himself responsible. We put thieves in prison, and punish them wvien convicted. If he did so we would not have any snore stealing. He need not tell me that he has no power to lunish those who do wron-, for if they carn retake the stolen cattle thev can punish the tldef also. It is complained that MolitcaniharboursBushmen-anudotherthieves; oL&o, that Letsela occupies the lands of the farniers and makes gardens there. These are the very people whom Uoshesi promised Hofrman to remove last January. Molapa's people have also encroached, and Molapa, though he has promised to remove them, has not done so. I mention these things to show that they give rise to qu.arrels. MWy people will not submit to it any longer. NOwf, as he has asked my advice, I say that if his people wvill not obey bias he must m.ake thema. He must take his people against them. Those things that they shouldi not wishI us5 to do he must not do. He wroul>d not be satisfed if I said I could not help such things, if committed iyT my people. I Inow that they can do it, because sometimes for months long no thefts were comnitted; so, if they could stop the tlieving once, they could do so again, and there are other chiefs who never steal. I conclude, therefore, that those chiefs who will exercise their power can stop stealing. "Moshesh.-Can the names of those chiefs not be given? "President.-3oroko, Jan Bloem, Lepui, Adam Kok, and Waterboer. " Moshesh.-You mention those things, his Excellency eiing present. We must remember that wve are on a friendly -isit. Your honour must remember that you have Ijeen only a short time in the country. The Landdrost and . I, whohave long lived here, know better. The sword of the mouth is grievous. We had better not speak so, but separate in peace, aswe have met in peace. *' President.-I think the best way to secure peace is that friends meet and speak their minds. I have stated anl I have to say, and I wat 31oshesh to state any grievances he has to speak about. " hMoshesl.-Not to-day. "President.-Very good; I shall always be happy to hear from him about anything that is done wrong by my people, as wrar would only break us all down; but if there is any other thig, as his Excellency is present, of which he feels greved, I should be glad to hear it. o310shesh.-Not to-day. Let us go home. We can corHaspond by letter. "President.-Would he likehuisExcellency to give us wsome advice ?I "Moshesh.-It is not the proper day. His Excellency is sot hiere to hear dificulties. We can correspond by letter "President.-I thought Moshesh would wish it. "3dshesh.-Advice to a chief ought to be given in pri-ate, and not in blic. " President.-! en occasion is trgent we seize the first opportunity of meeting, and, if Moshesh postpones the conference on these urzent matters, some accident may occur, for which we may bfe sorry before we meet again. It may be long before we can meet again; it may not be easy for us to do so. We can write, but we may not understand each other so Mwell as by conversing. I have therefore spoken to him in his Excellency'spresence, in order that he might give us some advice, and that we might profit by it; and it would be a satisfaction to go home with the mutual conviction of having come to an understanding to correct what has been wron3g. "M 3osiesh.-I did not expect that the matters already settled with 3fr. Ford, and towlhom I have already given an answer, would be touched upon; and I have also given a paper to MEr. Venter, that people suffering from thefts should be sent to me. I am ready to hear advice. " President.-I k-now nothing of Mr. Venter's arrangement. He hlad no right to make onc. I w-as then in the country. Such a proposal as yours, that we should go into your country and search for.our property, could never be entertained. Mr. Venter was appointed with three others. The directions given by all to Mr. Ford were good, and ought not to have been broken by one. If I was to send my eople ian thlat way into your country, it would only make usputess, and break our friendships. 'Mosheh,-I did not come.to speak of business. "There seemed to be some misinterpretation of the Chief's meaningt in this last sentence, vrhich had been interpreted in English bylNehemiah, MSoshesh's son. " His 31xcellency Sir Gaiorge Grey then asked the Rev. 3Mr. Arbousat, whro was acting as interpreter, wrhether he thouh 7'oesesh 7rQuld Like- to hear wshat he thought he esuebtto do.~ ~ ~ ~~h r1z. Arboussetreplyig in the xmative, is E xcellency addrs6ed Moshesh ae follows,:-You say that we are se people in being able to build beautiful houses of clay; ns s doee that i resected by others, hut a man who raises barbvarians in the scale of civilization is admired y aes. You are rr the builder. You have collected tome barbarians and mazd a kind of nition. Theo question 310w is ahethe you re to succee or faiL Not onl i Iouith Africa looking on, bu many other pats of the world toe. Every sood man i wling t>aseist; no one more so thanthsel'resulent. Ilsave'hadan opportunity of hearing ldis views, and I am sure he is anious to help> Me iheh to aucceed. It is impewible that a civilized nation can allowr a, scztice of thievea to remain on their bcoundary. The esident andI Iare dy to pt them down. I would be to see yoa more cordial to accept the Pident's offer eayou have seenied ; and, as am now goin; away for a cousiderable tm, I shold be glad to be certain that Iwould devse some plan for the future. In such a plan 1 rill aifstafar as the colonial bounday isconcerned. It mst be atlf ow toyour own enerj that yen have zaiEdd yourself to the poeition you no, ho d, and I would advie yolt to trust to that energy i future, and notto bad advisews. I trustthat before I leaveyou willgive oume proofs that yoe will put down stealing, and allow your tribe to prosper. I am sure the Preident's remarks will be appresiatd; I have been particularly struck with their jstess. Thope before leave tht you willproiise to put an end t such pMacticegs those-that have -been cirried on'. ' Aoshesh.-We ought to praise his ExceUency for his words, though we were not aware, vfhen. caled to Vsit, that such things would havo been brought-forward. I - "president.-If he is not prepared to %pek on business, wl ho appoint aother meeting, or wil ho go home and consider, and acquamntme with tne reult, -and in the meantime-try with his chiefs to put a stop to stealing or otherwise consequences may ensue that we may all deplore. ' Moshesh.-When I met MIr. Ford at Sefahi's I made an agreement with bin that he shceld. make alist of stolen catle, with the- particulars of theft, in order that I could call on the guilty chnefs, and show them the accusations £gaiist them. ; Mrh. Fordexplained that tholist ws in tho course of formation. "Moshesh expressed himself satisfied, and said that the -measures adopted to settle the thefts on the list would go towards stopping any fut,re thefts. - " President.-Wi]i the chief give me some promise that he and his chiefs wil endeavour to put a stop to any future thieving, or else the hists wil only continue to ix. crease? " Moshesh.-I cannot bind myself to say that there will be no more stealing; thieves do not tell me when ithey come in orj go out. Did I not at the meeting with Ford, atefal's, teU my people they must not even stea a goat? You must give me time. I hava eaten the Governor'e meat, and it wiU be easy for me to vomit it up, but it is not so easy to make thieves disgorge what they have stolen. " Presdent.-I prise Moshesh for the manner in which he met Mr. Ford. " Moshesh.-The sooner the papers are Teady the better. I will make my report on them as soon as possible. "'President.-I wiU now go away satisfied. I shall always be very glad, withhin, toremove all difficulties, as long as wo remam'in the same situations. "Moshesh.-I feel as you do.. I came to bring some words to my peop3le. Peace and tranquillity by all mears! They are the ouly thmngstobe relied on. It must be the wvcish of both. e must by patience OvercOme eviL P " President -I amnver glad to hear wfhat he says, andl I wil remember his words.- "His Excellency the Governor.-Work away building this house." We have also received additional files of papers from-the Cape of Good H3ope to the 25th of November. Everything was going on prosperously at the colony.
SHOCKING MURDER. BATHT JAN. 21. Great sensation has been created in this city by the per. petration of a brutal murder on Saturday night, when a woman named Eliza Howell, living in Avon-street, was licked in the abdomen by her husband, and her death ensued from h.emnorrhago in a few minutes after. The case is the more shocking from the fact that the unfortunate woman was very near her confinement, and the lifo of her child as well as her own has consequently been sacrificed to the brutaity of her husband. The prisoner, James Howell, was brought up before the magistrates at the Guildhall this (Mionday) morning for exasuination, when a zreat crowd of people were assembled in the market-place. lIoweU, who is about SO years of age, is a costermonger, and is wvell known about the streets as a hawker of ovsters, nuts, &c., under the sob'riquef of " Ferret." His wlife also carried about turnip greens, &c,, andwas aboutthesame age as her husbandbywlom she was so brutay murdered. Four children have beenthe fruit of their marriage, but they are all dead. The foUowing evidence was taken- JohnBrown, of 14, Avon-street, labourer, deposed,-I occupy two rooms on the garret floor, and the nrisoner and his wife the remaining room, adjoining my bedroom. The prisoner's room is separated from my bedroom by a wooden partition. Last Saturday night Iand my wife went to bed about half-past 11 o'clock. About half an hour afterwards 1 heard the prisoner come in and go into his own room. I heard hinsay, " I wil Idill the--cow; I will kill the some siefalso said, "God strike me dead, I'll do some miiscif an l oad drown myself." A bout 10 minutes anwen. heard the prisoner's wife come sairs, and v;hen outside the door she said, "Are you insie, Jim l" The prisoner replied, " Yes I am, you---- where have you been all night ?I His vife replied, " I was Llooking for you, but could not findyon." The risonerthen appeared to come out on the landing to push her into the room. He pushed her into the room, and heard the sound lof two blows. After the blows I heard something faU heavily, and the prisoner's wife cried out " Oh !" and said, " Jim, you have killed your child, and you have killed me." She then said, "Jim, look about and see what you have done." After she said that I heard the prisoner runnng downstairs as hard as he could, and his wifecaled out to my wife, ":Missus, for nierey sake, come in to me." My wife jumped out of bed and went into the prisoner's room. She screamed out, upon which I went to tha door, and heard the prisoner's wife saytomy ife, "He has kiDed me." My wife called out "Murder!" and I saw the room floor covered with blood. The prisoner's wife was lying on the floor. I was very muacl frightened and took my wife away, and then called out to the neighbours and the police. Prisoner.-Did I not, after coming in, take off my clothes and -o to bed? Witness.-I cannot say, as I was in my own bed. Prisoner.-Did I strike my wife when she came in? Witness.-I canmot say. I heard blows. Prisoner.-My wvife was taken very ill- The magistrates stopped the prisoner, and cautioned him that he stood in a very serious position, and had better not make any statement. Mary Brown, wife of the last witness, confirmed his statements, addinlg that she heard the prisoner say, "I'l give thee something and his wife, when she cname in said, "MfydearJim, areyoucome; areyouinside9? The prisoner said, "Yes, and El give thee something." His wife then wrent into the room, and I heard a noise [ like a kick; but did not know whether it wx-as against the bedside or w;hat. I afterwards heard the prisoner run downstairs, and his w-ife called out to me to come into her. I went into the room and saw the prisoners wife lying on the floor on her side, betweenthe bed and the firepLIce, and there was a quantity of blood about the room. She said, " Jim has killed me." I said, "I am sorry for it," and called out "Murder ' wvhen my husband came and pulled me away. The neighbours and the pohce afterwards came I have since seen the prisoner's wife dead. MIr. Hughes, chief of police, here applied for a remand till Wednesday, which the magistrates acceded to. It appears that the prisoner and his wife had been drinking together in the course of the evening, and had quarrelled at the Seven Dials publichonse, when the prisoner gave his wife a backhanded blow in the face. -He afterwards left, and the wife went away with another woman. After the affray, which caused the death of the wife, medical assistance was sent for, and Mr. W. A. Cox and Mr. J. Berrett, surgeons, were soon in attendance, but the unfortunate I woman bled to death in about 20 minutes. Her body was completely blanched, as was also that of her infant, whose life it was attempted ineffectually to save. The coroner's inquest has not yet been held.
FRiGHT-tuL MlluDsars- BY- -A M&IAc.The Werlchven (U.S.) J'ouirna gives full patclr fa rost frightful case of double murder atWodige(onc ticut). It appears T-hat a crackbrandflo ae Sanford (who had een several ti3nes in a lunatic asylumn), waylaid a gentleman named Sperry, as he Nwa travelling in a sleigh, near a gloomy piece of woodl, contigaous to a crossroand, and murdered inun with an axe. It would seem that Sanford with the head of the axe struck Mr. Sperry on the temple, inflicting a severe wound about three inches lonin ahorizontal;diecton over the righteye. It is supposel that this felled him to the ground eside his slei-h. Sanforcl then struck him agan po the baA,A of ile head, cutting a fearful gash behind theea. As he rolled in the gutruontenrh ieo,he road Sanford proceeded to cut hstrat, which was evidently done with hsis axe. While the murderer was thus despatching his victim, the horse belongqng to 1r. Sperry quietly wZalTs on towards the turn p keRe murderer then went on to the house of M1r. IchahodUmberfield. He went into thle kitchen and ther foundlilsDleming, a -womanx that doesthe housework formr. UJmberfield, washingthe floor. He put his arm around her waist, and told her he wanted her to go into the entry or hall, where he had deposited his axea and a hickory club when he caine into the howse. She slapped him across his face with her hand, and imiedliately left the room. He then went into the entry, aud took the axe and club and passed into the other room, placed them upon the floor, and sat dovin by the stove. A little gIr in the room ran into the bedroom, an& lifting up the sash called out to M1r. Uinbarfield,-"1 Charles Sanford is in the house 'with an axe, and he is Zay-.yDIu mnust come imi. M1r. Uinberfield caine inLto th hUse immediately, and s down by the stove. Ho spoke to Sanford, asked Y how he was, &c. Sanford made no rxeply to Umnberfield, but sat inL a sullen mnood, apparently for about two minutes, and then arose and took up his axe and club (as the peoplo in thle room supposed) to go away. 'He passed behind Mr. Umberfaied, towards the door, then suddenly turned around, lifted his axe and struck him a powerful blow upon the head. IMr. tTmberfleld fell to the floor with a groan, when Sanford struck another blow, and then deliberately cut his throat with the axe, nearly severing his bend fromi his body. Only about four inches of skin po the front part of his throat, and his xwindpipe., were alltha eonnected his head with his body. The firAt blow probably kiledhbim, as itfracturedhis skullextensively. The blood iflowed freely upon -the floo-, andl the room looked like the den of a murderer. The little girl screamed and ran out of the room, and be followed her across the floor, saying, "So ornoise, or you'l all get your 'heads chopped oWE" BR =g Dsnnopened the door just in tijne to see the murderer strike the last blow. Sanford went- oub of the house to wineoaff the blood fiom bisaxe upon the snow, and while be wis doing so the; inmnates of the house fastened the doors andl preventedl his comning back sagain. H Ie then left the kowse, passed out into the xoad, and following it but a short distancei soon struck off into the woods at the foot of West Mock. Theruffiasawaspureued,andcapturedafteradespernte effort. One-.of the -atwho was armied with a pitchfork thrust i't into Sanordl's chest, And held the mnaniac atf bay for amioaman, uintil ahaother struck him wit'h a club and knocked him down. There were eight men in the party, and it was with the greateat difficulty that they could secure and bind-himi. 'He fought desertely. They fialygt him secured, and took hint to the cs f3r mberleld and thence be was taken to. gal byofcrD lite He said be turnedl to go back to kl the whole of Mr. Umberfield's family, and would probably have done so if he had not been immediately.arrested. He sad, on his way to gaol, that be kIlled Mfr. Sperry because he "1had, a cramnp; and he kiLld the mnt vet the cr-amp killig him." He talkedi in-~ coleretlyl te tme,andI when he arrived at the gaol presnte th apearnceof a raving mnaniac. (Aderbeien.~.."Nolan',s llustrate History of the commndes, nsr,ed byspecial emrc rmoiia itrg
TIiEt1SEOP OF gXETEB AND DR. L USHIMG2ON. TO TIE EIDITOt OF THE ITIES.& &ir,-I have seen ir the public papers some extracts from the Bishop of Exeter's letter to Dr. Lushington, by which it appears that his Lordship, like, I believe, the great majority of Churchmen, approves and concurs in the general course and chief points of the learmedJudge's very ablo argment; but Iam sorry to find that from one prorainent topic of the judgment he has thought it necemsary to publish his elaborate dissent. Imean the question of what is called the " credence table"-a new-fangled foppery which, under an affected respect for one of our rabrics, a certain party have endeavoured to introduce into our churches. I have a great respect for the Bishop7s personal character, as vrell as for his eminent dignity; but that feeling only makes rne the more anxious to endeavour to convince him, or, at least, those whom his great authority might influence-asl have already convinced myself-that neither in the rubric, nor in the dictionary, nor in common sense, is there to be found any justificaticn orexcuse for this absurd, but mischievous (because mischievously intended) innovation. His Lordship seems to be at a loss to understand exactly either the origin or the precise meaning of the term " cre. denoe-table"'-very naturally, for he has never, I dare say, found it in any English author, nor in any English dictionary, nor, assuredly, in any English rabric. But does not the ignorance on such a point of so accomplished a scholar and so learned a divine almost decide, imo fac%o, the question against the side that he espouses? Oar Liturgy is nearly 300 years old, and th rubric in questgon about 200, but never, till the recent attempts, is this -strange word or now-fangled thing to be heard or read of in the ecclesiastical history of the church of England. Wheatley, indeed (misunderstanding,-as I think, the rubric), hit what he thought a blot in the rubric nearly 140 years ago ; but ho proposes no remedy for it, and makes no allusion to a credence table. He does not seem ever to have heard such a term, but he states that the same practice as now prevails was then also general and uniform; and we knowthat so it has continued to our own days. Wheatley's objection, therefore, has this value, thatit shows that ithas been for nearly140 year vvell known and utterly disregarded. I shall presently endeavour to show that both Wheatley and the Bishop of Exeter have probably misunderstood, and certainly misstated. the rubric, which is, in mny opinion, quito sufaicient to warrant that which has been the practice of the church ever since thdBrabric has existed; but I must here observe that even if the rabric were imperfect or inconsistent, the device of a credence table would not remove the supposed difricalty-it would only add a neow one; it would be placing the elephant on the back of the tortoise without finding a footing for the tortoise; it would be an attempt to support the rubric by the help of a credence table without having the shadow of an authority for the credence table itself-iynotuum per ignotiuss. Let us now see wvhat the rabric is which has given rise to this difficulty,-hlow. it has been, as I think, misunderstood, and by both Wheatleyand the Bishop of Exeter misstated. After the rubrical directions about the collection and disposal of alms there folowvs :-" And when there is a communion the priest shall then place upon thc table so much bread and wine as he shall think sufficient." Itmust be admitted that at first sight, and by ordinary construction, this would appear to mean that after the alm ! had been disposed oi the priest should then for the first time place the elements on the table; and the question raised is where the elements are to be previously deposited; on which point the rubric says nothing-a silencs' which Wheatley. who notices it, does not supply, but which the Bishop of Exeter would remedy by having within the rails of the ehancel and close to the communion table a sideboard, which they call (after the occasional practice of the church of Rome) a credence table-a practice which, as there is, we repeat, no colour for it in the rubric, it seems strange that the stickders for rubrical precision shonld be the parties to introduce. But let that' inconsistency pass, for we have to complain of more than inconsistency. Wheatley, in entering on the question, begins, more suo, by quoting the rabric,which (not more suo) he does inaccurately-tuius - " And if there be a communion the priest is then also to place upon the table so niuch bread and wine as he shall think suflicient." While the Bishop of Exet'er quotes it thus " And when there is a comniunlon the priests shall then (after tmeoeferto-synneneces) place upon the table so much bread and wine as he shall think requisi,in" I wil not accuse either Wheatley or the Bishop of unfair interpolation, though when the question was one of verbal criticism they certainly should have taken care to copy the ipsissi*nvercrba of the rubric; I acquit them of any intention to deceive, but I must say that it so happens that the alterations they lave presented-Wheatley by adding thse word "also," and the Bishop by introducing the parenthesis " after the offertory sentences"-have so changed the rubric thnt if-their version had been the trae one I should have been of their opinion, while, on the other hand, I am persuaded that the genuine rubric is perfectly consistent with the established usage. The point or gist, as the lawyers caU it, is the point of time at which the clements are to be-placed on the table; this I have said at first sight seems to be after the alms have been so placed, and Wheatley's addition and the Bishop's interpolation confinm, and would, indeed, establish, that construction; but what right had Wheatley to couple the alms and the elements by the word "also," and what right had the Bishop to explain the word " then" by restrictingit to the point of time immediately succeeding the sentences ? The usaal custom has been, when there is to be a communion, to place,hbefore the service begins, the vessels containing the elements at the back or inner side of the table, covered with a white lien cloth, -which, not immediately after the offertory services, but after the disposal of the alms, the priest removes and places,-that is, exhibits and arranges before the congregation; and all this is in perfect conformity with the rubric, if the word " then" be taken with reference to the antecedent " when,"-that is, when the fact of the communion being tobe administered hasbeen decided, which, as we are told by another rubric, and, indeed, by common sense, must be before any part of the service is oegun, for tha preliminary rubric to the whole service states that:-" The table at the communion time shall have a fair white linen cloth upon it ;" and it is " then"-that is, when it is settled that there is to be a communion, and that the table is preparatorily covered 'vith a fair linen cloth-that the elements are placed at the back of the table, to be uncovered and brought forward when the actual ceremony of consecration is about.to commence. Thus all becomes clear and plain; the two rubrics are reconciled and explain each other; not a word nor a letter of either is altered, and tho whole interpretation is consistent wvith, and further explained and corroborated by the universal and undeviating practice of the church ever since the rubric has existed. If this solution be admitted,-and it certainly is a possible and even a probable one,-there is an end of the question, and I need not examine another solution 'which would, hoivever, also warrant the general practice-namely, that the elements are directed to be, not carried to, nor put on, the table, but placeed-that is, arranged in the proper place for the ceremonial which is about to begin. Such an interpretation of the word is surely more rational than to assume the silence of the rubric as an authority to introduce the mysterious, though mnechanical novelty of a credence table. But if neither of these solutions were satisfactory, there is an all-snfficient justification for the present practice,- amely, uninterrupted usage. a Every one sees that the rubrics were not intended to be a full and perfct code.. They are in many important pointg very inconclusive-in some obscure, and even contradictory -and would be, in fact, a very insufficient guide in the administration of the Liturgical service, if they were not l elucidated and explained by the usages of the church; and inthis special case the undeviating usage is, we repeat, as old as the rabric itself. Even the strictness of our common lawadmits-as a maxim that communis amro facil jus-so that eve;i- if this interpretation were erroneous, it is so Common, so universal, so hitherto undisputed, that it may be taken on that wide gfound to be now the law of the church. Would a lawyer be fora moment lstened to who should attempt to pick a hole in the Habeas Corpus Act on some point which had been recognized and practised every dayandby every courtsince tbe first passing of the act ? Having thus,: I think,- shown that the verbal difficulty, if not altogether fitile, may be explained without any violation of the ordinary import of the words, and that, at all events, it is overruled by usage, the paramount interpreter of all law, I might here conclude, as I wish my sense of duty would permitxne to do; but I am sorry to fLnd in his Lordship's volunteer and extra-episcopal publication two or three corollar statements which, s I have attempted to auser any portion of his argument, I ought not to permit to pass unnoticed. His Lordship is very solicitous about the irreverence with which the loaf whicb is thereafter to become holy may be treated before it arrives at the holy table. He has heard, psolsjniiorf that such a loaf iwas once "broughttothe church in i churchwarden's pocket-handkerchief." This, I must be permitted to say, is an argument ad odium unworthy his Lordship's candour. Will he deny that it is the esenoe of the Anglican Euzhaist that the bread before consecration is ordinary bread, and liable to all the mauipulations and accidents of ordiuary bread ; but, above all, will he tell us howthe credence table is to obviate any such irreverence ? The bread would be supplied to the credence table by the chgrchwardea exictl' a it isa ow supplied to tho Gomz. maiosotal,e. I need not add a word more on su aestion * lpfly. invidious and illogical, except to observe that he rnight equally complain that the other element was brought iAn a common black bottle by the dirty hands of a wine merchsnth porter, and that, again, in a chureciwarden's pocket, to aU which accidents the elements would be at least as liabld on their way to the credence table. Such suggestions as these lead, I venture to think, to much more irreverence than the accident of the churchwarden's pocket-handkerchief, which may have been, and probably was, a fair linen cloth, but which, if not so brought, nmust hive como by his hands, or those of the baker's boy, as the loaf does for his Lordship's breakfast or dinner table, and as it must do even for his own credence table at Exeter. uBut, leaving, as I willingly do, these, I cannot but think, unhappy and irreverent fatilities, we arrive at a graver matter. His Lordship says that when one of his clergy consulted him as to a credence table, he, instead of discountenancing an admitted imnovation, bad advised him to " keep the table, but change the name." I cannot but think that in this short sentence the Bishop made more than one serious mistake. In the first place, it seems hardly consistent with frankness or good faith, nor at all in keeping with the bold and manly character of the Bishop of Exeter that he should not merely sanction, but suggst to a parochial clergyman to pass off a practice that was objected to by asuppressionor deceptive change of an obnoxious name, while the really obnoxious reality was maintained. The Bishop tells us that he deHberately thinks that this was wholesome and conciliatory advice, as it would give a triumph to neither party. His Lordship seems to think, and, indeed, says, 'atherepigrammaticaLly,thatthecriterion of a just judgment is that it should satisfy nobody; his. Lordship forgets that a judge who should award to in. justice, faud, or chicanery half what it pretends to may dissatisfy the knave in some degree, bnt he excites stil more strongly the indignation of the honest man who sees himself sacrificed to the judge's weakness- or prejudice. I do not subseribe to his Lordship's misanthropic doctrine, and, on the contrary, would conclude that a judgment which, as he confesses of his own, pleased nobody must be radically wrong. But, however that may be, his Lordship must allow me to say that this observation does not, in this particular case, show his usual sagacity, for I cannot conceive how the not using a name which never was and never could be used in the hearing of a congregation was in any degree to compensate them for the ostentatious intrusion into the holyplace of a material, visible, tangible piece offurniture, which (and not its name) was the point in dispute. But his Lordship's advice involves a stiU greater inconsistency, and seems to be the very reverse of what, for its professed purpose, it should have been. He wished, he says, to discourage any imitation of Popery; it seems, therefore, most illogical to proscribe the very innocent word " credence" while he sanctions the thing in a place and forapurpose peculiar to thePopish rituals. As the Bishop lays so much stress on the wvord, though he professes not very clearly to know its meaning, it maybe as vdellto inform hisLordship and remind your readers of what the commonest books ofreference tell us of this term-viz., that credenc, French credenza, Italian; )-redenkts, German; and ci-cdcntiO, Latin; all mean, primarily, a cupboard, press, or pantry, and, though probably derived from credo, crcdendimi -a place of trast-has no more reference to any religions creed or credence than the very analogous Eng 3ish word " safe' (though derived from salvo) has to spiritual salvation. Whether the cupboard, or sideboard used in the Romish churches derived their name from the domestic safe, or it from them, I know not, but the lexicographers seem to incline to the former opinion. We find in Baretti's Itatia1, DictionaryV, " Creden_a, asrn0rio, dore si ripongosn Ic cosc da massgyiere,-a buttery or pantry." No mention of any ecclesiastical use. Cotgrave translates " Credence,-siver plate, or a cupboard of silver plate." Menage, in his Dictionnaire ERtynmogiqzc, gives us " Credence-a buffet or sideboard on which silver plate is placed; of late, we say in France a credensier for a butler, and it is to be found in that sense in Baedelais. Credenft, in German, signifies a buffet." Ducange distinguishes the primary and secondary senses:-" Credentia -abacus, taeideca scu menea, iN. qua rasa, ad convrivia repo2zunttur, vel etiarn menisu7 se vasa a7taris colitilete," And even the Cerenmoniales Ronanum carries the matter no higher :-" C"redcntiaxm appellant ineensam, sutperI ouam vasa argentea sire aurea, ad conviriue opiportana. lnprarasitur: et similiter in dirinis, sulira putamn ad sacri.fcian,lie necessaria continCent1u:." You will not fail, Sir, to observe that these authoritiesall except Cotgrave, Rlomanists-distinctly refer to the Cessels and only as plate; there is no allusion to the elements, for which, therefore-the unconsecrated bread and wirc--the Bishop of Exeter would have us pay an ultraPopish reverence. And that this is the real motive of all this absurd fuss about a credence table is proved by the declaration in the concluding portion of his Lordship's letter, in which he enthusiastically avows that his main concern is to establish "the great Catholic doctrine and duty connected with the oblation of the elements." I have neither time, space, nor desire to enter into the doctrinal question of oblation. I will consider it only as the Bishop himself has introduced it, in its practical relation to the rubric and the credence table. An oblation is defined to be an offering for sacrifice, by which the thing offered acquires a holy or sacred character ;-that sacred character the Bishop, it seems, wishes to confer before the consecration on the elements, which, on the contrary, our church considers up to the momeLlt of consecration as mere bread and wine in their ordinary state. But if by " oblation" they obtain a degree of sanctification, it is obvious that the subsequent consecration must carry the sanctification a step higher-that is, in plain words and honest truth, to transubstaitlation and the real presence. This is, I am convinced, the clue to the whole affair. When the elements are placed on the communion table privately before serice begins there can be no offering up, nor any pretence of a preliminary sanctification. To afford a colour for that the Tractarians have tried several devices; sometimes the priest would leave the chancel and walk down or across the body of the church to a distant vestry-room, whence he would return, accompanied by his curates and assistants carrying the elements in a solemn procession. This prevailed for a time, but was so manifestly illegal (as the Bishop of Exeter ad. mits) that it was soon stopped, and after some other expe. dients the credence table is resorted to as a kind of subsanctuary, whence the elements are to be corami lpopuZo removed by the minister, and transferred with considerable state and solemnity to what these performers would willingly call the high altar, wherebeing presentedthey become sanctifi6d as an oblation, and have thus made their first step towards the glory of transubstantiation. This seems to me neither more or less than sheer Popery, and hardly in disguise. But where, after all, and in point of fact, can there be found any pretence or colonr for this theory of "oblation?' The Bishop answers "in the rabric, which directs the disposal of the 'alms,' and in the subsequent prayers for the Church militant, which provides for the disposalof 'alms and oblations;'" SO that there is, he alleges, a distinction between the alms, already disposed of, and the oblations, which can be nothing but the bread and wine. This is ingenious and perhaps plausible, but no more. The context of the offertory sentences, the rubric, and the prayer, offers the much' plainer and more natural explanation, -which the usage of two centuries has sanctioned-namely, that "alms and oblations" do not mean (as the Bishop assumes) different things, but one selfsame thing, under two-not different, but distinct though combined characters. The contributions of the commanicants to the poor are strictly and properly called " ahnds'-that is, elcemosynary relief-charity to our fellow creatures; bat when they have. been carried to the holy table and placed there in honour of God, it wouald be a solecism, even in language,, to call them' alms only, and they are, therefore, now more properly denominated " alms and oblation'-alms to man, oblations to God; and mark how clearly this double object is combined in the offertory sentences during the reading of which the alms are collected:- "That your god wol;ks may glorify your Father which is Ineavei." "To do good and to distribute forget not, for' with such sacrifice God is well pleased." ''"Hethathath pity on the poorlemideth tothe Lord.." What is all this bhat saying, as I ayv -just said "AIm5 to the poor, oblations to God " : Neeed I add a word more? Neec I rermind any reader of the numerous instances in' cominon parlance, and eveu in lcgm1 strictnesSw where- a single, object is designated by dis. ticnt aud yet concordant attribute3 And can any example bo produced iu which ancb a distinction and co mbination' ard more logicaUy necessary or more clearly marked than in the- uso of' the word " alms in the first rubric, and of "alma and oblations in the second? Icaunot but wonder. tbAt the Bishop of Exeter shouid have overlooked what appears to be so plain and natural an inteipretation of the passages 'in question, bmt Ishall' -ronde;stinl more-if, when presented to his critical and saga. ciotsiinnd, it does not coumand his -asset, as not merely the easiest,' but, I may venture to y, the only mode of sol,ing thme whole dificulty,9f lustfying the, compilers of the Liturg and rubrics, and of accouting for the un broken usage of- our Church ever 'since it has assumed its . 1-1 D.C.L. piesm tot=. * CLYS~A P S D , MIo--dayr, Jm. 2-Admissin o n O b dittoby-se2qo tkket 17. Ta, - BID
IA£ BAAGHT, if.P., ON UAEPITAZ PWV7?I.EhX?. (From the Nandwser Exmnd.cr andE TMe.) iA public meeting of the ir,abitanti ef Rochdalo ws held -iie Town-h3JL on Friday evening, for ti2epurpose of hear. .ing alecture from MKr. Dymond, secretary Jo the Assoiation for the Abolition of Capital Punishm t, In fUvour of ,the principle advocated by the association. The 2:ttendance was numerous, and MIr. John Bright, 2LP., praddet^. Afr the lecture the hon. chaimian invited discuon, but, 's no one manifested aiy desire to speak, Mr. BlIrss hiMself rose and addressed the meeting. ThS hon. member ad,-I dare say if I were to ask Mr Dymond whether, In the varous meetings he has attended in this country during the last few years, he has not found that those meetings generally heartily went with him, he would answer in the affirmative. For myself, I have come to the conclusion, from watching this question for some years past, that the people of this coantry, except when they feel excited by a particular case, are not in favour of hanging, and never have been in favour of hanging fromn having made themselves masters of the facts and arguments on the subject. Nearly all we believe has clungtousfrom the days of our childhood-for it is wonderful how few things we have found out for onrselves-the traditions of past time, the siperstitions arising from them, the reverence for things no t worth reverencing, the laws, the reading of newspapers, common conversation, for instance; and it results from all this that. we admit things as trmths which, if we were truly to examine them, we should be horrified to find that we had ever given any sanction to. It hasbeen so at all times, and it is so now. In various countries things are practised as necessary that vwe should shudder at-that a woman, for example, should burn herself; upon the death of her husband; that a person should throw himself under the wheels of a car of some god that he does not know the name of exactly; that persons should undergo torments inflicted on themselves of the most terrible character, under the idea that theywere thus doing things that would be acceptable oto X,-all these things exist among people otherwise inteligent, and who could do various things in arts and sciences that perhaps some of us could not do, and yet because they have been brought up to believe in them, they have never called their truth or propriety into question. Now, just let us look at this hanging a that way. It is a veryold custom, puttin7 people to death in one form or another. Torture-not s nPlyhauC - ing, but torture of every description was practised in this country not very long ago, was the lawan Scotland not more than 100 years ago, and in manY countries it is now practised to a fearful extent. Don't let us suppose that because it is so old-for there is nothing so old as iniqtyit is worthy of veneration :ad respect. If I meet -ith a man who argues in favour of hanging, and listen to his conversation, I find that he uses exaetly the same arguments that were used 30 years ago in favour of hanging for all those offences that hMr. Dvmond has described. I remember reading a speech of Sir I oweil Buxton's in the House of Commons, in which he said that if a young man murdered his grandfather, or if he cut down a youngtree, then the law imposed just the same penalty for each offence. Some years ago more than 200 offences were punishable with death. A bloody and a horrible system of law grew up chiefly since the Pevolution of 1088; and durng the tine the present familyhave been on the throne of this country-and we have been under the government of an aristocracy assumed to be very enlightened, and a Government much more free than we had before that revolution-more than 200 offelnces, such as the stealing of a fowl, or of 5s. worth out of a shop, were punishable vsith death. Only conceive how per.^erted men's minds must have become by this commion custom of hanging to tolerate such things. I reco31eet hearing of the case of a woman w-hose husband had beenk kidnapped by the presegng and she stole something from a shop m Ludgate- g.we,for the sake of example, and to paresrve the property of ludgate-hill shopkeepers, she was hanged, and nobody at that timo was shocked at thematter. I have read the memoirs of Elizabeth Fxy-an excellent person, whom I consider it a happiness that I have been acquainted with-in which she describes that for the issuing of a bad half-crown, or a bad pound note, Persons were in Newgate in great numbers; and out of 20 or 30 convicted, the custom was to select a certain number-three or four, or eight or ten-and doom them to the gallows. This was common-at that time almost every week, in London-and the people passed by Newgate every week, and saw human beings strung up, sv. nging in the breeze, and separated after the xeseutioni; and the great statesmen of that generation never asked scarcely whetherthis horrible custom might not be mitigated or abolished. The werld, howrever, was not all in that darkness. There was one country in the world where the law was not so brutal,-a great country on the other side of the Atlantic, sprmgmg up from colonies founded by ourselves. In the year 10Th William Penn founded the state of Pennsylvania-that is, in the reign of Charles IL Consider how long ago that is. Now we are accustomed to fancy that we have made prodigious strides in science and everything else since that time; but when William Penn drew up the laws of Pennsylvania, assisted by the great and good men who were his helpers, they did not carry with them the 200 capital offences we had here, but stuck them all out, with the exception of one, that bein" the one we are now chiefly discussing-namely, capita5 punishment for murder. They retained that punishment for only aggravated cases of murder, and Penn is understood to have retained it only in deferenee to the wishes of others, and not from any belief in its necessity or propriety. The State of Pennsylvania is now a great commonwealth, and during the whole of the time that has elapsed since its foundation no person has been put to death in it for any crine save aggravated murder, and for even aggravated murderin extremely few cases. But your.great statesmenthat yon read of in your histories-the men that shone in the House of Lords and the House of Comumons-what were they doing then9 WVhy, extending this law for scores of offences ; and sinee William Penn's time many thousands have been ban-ed in this country for offences that never were espitsilypuamshed in Pennsylvania, and for which the p cut of death has since been abolished wiithout the slightest injury to any one. All the3se ersons, if the law were as rational as it was in Pennsylvama, would not have been executed, and I am satisfied tt.at it would have been of enormous advantage to the country if it had been so, for it is impassible to bring a human being into a street, in front of several hundred per*sons, and hang him, with all the indignity that you would treat adog with, without doing damage to the moral sense of every man and woman who shall gaze on that horrid spectacle. While such was the rtate of things in Pennsylvania-I take that merely as an example, for there are other countries I mniht mention-men were han;ed in this country needlessly; and during all that period yon had great authoritiesi for what you did. I recollt in Dublin some few years ago, and sitting> at table ne.xt to a judge on the Irish bench. I wfas discussing this question with him, and in the course of our conversation he said to me, "NTever take the opinions of judges on a question of that nature. They are accustomed to the thing. fl~hey'are brought up to look upon it from aparticular and peculiar point of view. If judges only had been consulted, you wouild probably stillbe hanging for horse stealing and shee p stealing, as you were a fewyeasrs age." I am happy to say there are, and have been, of late years not a fewv judges, and some of thehighest in character and repntation, who havehbeen quite willingthatthepnnishmeat of death should be abolished;i and we may e.xpect that the experience they receive, if they aremen of ordinay enlightenment, must bring them more and more to that conclusion..* But Governments do not like -to jart with any powrer, and they do not like to part with auy power over the lives of their subjects. For offences against the Sovereign, or the State look at the horrible punishment the law enacts. Hanging, cutting up, tearing out the heart, drawing, quartering, every description of cruelty was, ntil within a very short time since, the law, and a portion of these horrors is still the law with regard to offences that go under the name of high treason. These persons don't examine this question. Politicians are quite willing to do nothing except what they are driven to, and to make their gane of politics in things as they are if the people do not force a change. 'With regard to this question of hanging for murder, it has come before me in connexion with' a great number of cases in which I am glad to be associated with Mr. Dymond, more orless, in applications to the Home-office for a commutation of sentence, and in some of these cases there is the greatest inequality. I don't say this to bring a charge against any Secretary for the Home Department-an office I would not hold for the world, if I had to decide upon those cases of public executions con-. stautly brought before the holder ofthat office. Just observe the inequality. There was a trial lately at Darlington, in which, very properly, in my opinion, the person who was brought to trial was acquitted; but you all, I suppose, saw the -paragraph in the newsp:1pers to the effect that it cost several hundred pounds to niae his defence. The rich man, or the man of moderate means, can have the best counsel and the best care taken to have evidence in his favour, but the bullk of the men who come to be tried are ignorant, poor men, outcasts often, and they are brought before the judge in his 'official grb, and before all these lawyers into the comat; they ve been taken out of some prison in which they have been shut up, perhaps for weeks, without seeing any persons they knew; they have no counsel or no ittorney, or their friends may have subscribed the little money they-could raise, that a-defenee may be made. 'The judge asks one of the counsel, Mr.- So-and-So, to watch'the case'on behalf of the prisoner. Don!t you know perfectly well-that in the question oEf the guilt orinnocence-~-that in 'allthe, oonditions under which that man is brouaght to trial- ereasagreatnequalty, and' thatoneman tried underaI certain *set' of circumstances would .be xacqtitted,-and an- other man-tried under another- set 'of 'circumstances would infalliblbe convicted? How much depends onjurors-on their calmness, their clemency, intelligence, clearness. bene-: volence; nay, to descend to lower causes of difference, look' at the'very condition of their health, their stomachs, their tempers, at the time. Then you have the judge. There have been cases of this nature that have been urged to a sudden conelusion-the judge did not wish to go further that'nighVor hle id iot to have the trl postponedor adourned-until to-morrow. Juges ae men, notwihtaand-. ing thit they have wigs and gowns. - I know a good many of the jutdes, and have seen them on many occasions, and rm sure tey would be the lxs to deny that they woruld be effeoted by' all those influences from which none of us are exempt. - Then youome to tho Home Seoretary, and vish to nake an appeal to him. He, too, is liable to err, *ith the moet honest intentions, and is veryvaryingin temp6rinlthe consideration of these ases. I have gone' to inany:Hiome Secretaries in cases of this nature, and ia many instwices Ihaveofound that the convict has had his sentence comauted, 'and not be banged; while ofteni have found 'cases, 'as far as'I coild judge, not nearly so bad,in which the 'puishbment had been inflicted. I must say I bave found all the F.one Secretaries I over appied to willing to isten, ~andahiousthink. to'judge:nghtly; and,.altho uh, as you Euowr,'I am no friend, politically, to the pres,ent Prime >i~.iter,yetIwill say,' when hevwasEome Secretary,.I r'un( him on-more than one occa,sion very wvilling to lIteo. mad, in case of anything being abated that he thou,,hft would allow jim so to do. to z t the extrme pquieus of the law. Yet,2wtstnhi a owits4ningaU lis itcannot be for a moment denie that the degrees of the diferenc ofo t lt In cases Of2nurder are very wide-.that zot only is the diffier. eniou guiltver varyd, but that the difference of root is verY great; ;snd yet the, law, if it be mufored ata n pumabt s ent which is asl Onet argneial ms aboluntoey irreovica'jle. Whaf itis to an am nocent main I Youcan only do hat the maost guilty- and sotne of youd o of. that. I do. But to bring an innoet and say, "You murderea your,agtr"asi h ae of e ilnat Shaw, orbi the ca ofe m o det sad Eive yas ag for the murder of hi, wife at Aslatnra Stalybdidge, or someer an e lie . Doesrneod Eand the thanler believing bim, as they o et did, l ,cent, an sme that nan hged in therfaceof §hcs of vtizens, the very executioner beuieving hinm t be isnocent i e ightof God, Iw sh you, whatis there oeompae t, mUrocerlimkethat? There thre w esl ansngro rligou ktovIege tathlno if Pmio3 thnobdy to be yindictive spainst, in th sho aw reatoanditsb wretch.-. It is a cruel, merclless, bloodstained law thab sedx thim inte rother world, not able to demonstrat s guilt, and the offingl CDeemored believing hin to be mnocenta. One argsme ady amiost poten t ne , in convincigmemthat hanging was a bhlunder is t and I asH your attention tvc it for one momfind What -we all want is to make huma-a. lifO as secure as posrible, and there ane teo raodeo by which it is proposed to effect is. Omie is by punish. ment by the law-the lw hopes to deter snv X frighteu men. The other is by inculcating everywhere a deep reverence for human life. Does anybody i3a England believe that human Iefe is not moe seture ite England now than it was 100 or 200 years s t , whetn there was far moro hanging than there is now? Te hrrssDo whywe feel more secure is because we know there is a les rekess, .savage, and brutal character amAong all classes nowthan there was then; that there is more politeness, gentle. mess, courtesy, benevolence, and kindness of every description now than at former periods.. -Theft is a greater belief, arisingfrom religious klowledge, that human life isa than, of in fiit estsmation w i thee es of the Cetor, and it wii this greater reverence forhit whi thered i mser the grouylue security for a life ilpomt. I doubt ittat the prehended han g enha the et o deterrinlgsomebod in some plae, a s time i some degree, fro the crime of u ommny do wsve reaso n of hap ning, icesd rvrnefrhmnlf?Dotyo think that the reverence fo hu lfe thatsta poic preventing m urdinterli than t ear of the gallows? ut if7it shkould apenthat the lsyst emo "hangng yowtever. sexent imeinshe lthe reverence for huma on t you tlhnk that what it does in deterring s far ss th hat it does in destroying, by diminishing thesnio hua fe? I in perfectly certain-I Inow from my o elia .. and from bll humau history-that to in horo he anyt kndfamiliarizes the heind to n't we know the whenthe news of the dattle of the al was received people shuddered when they read the acount of the losses of that short hut bloody hattie? Don't you know that nowf we can rend of losses far greater without being affected ba fhem? It is so with everything of the ind, and' W it's public executions. That man who mourdered his master im Drury-lane some time ago was a caso in point. The vrery day that man was ade irehendel I happened to be at the police-office,inWestuiine, wherelIwent with agentlcmais, now a membde of the House of Coeamons, to give notice of a person who had run away with 200L. or eiv. belonging to him. In the office -there ws a police.t mean, miore intellgent than many of that class, aho addressed me by nome. I asked, "How do you audw mel -aumow youpvery we, ev saidhe; "have yournover seen me in the lobby of the Hiouse of ommons `" " Yes, I recollect you now," I said, adding, "You seem to have hal some ve bad cases latterly; c seae a lad has comuiitted a, nud er." He said "Ay, Sir, as lon as there's hansging there will s ot n murders."f Ithy,b t a t watthoiswuld have been excelleat for a judge, and I wanted to know hoiz he go otat conclusion. "1They don't care about it,?' het said. "-tWhy, what did Weeks do (that was the name oE the man who com nitted the ourder)? He went to see a mhan hanged at Newgate in the mornin_g He ran atn halpa9 'clock -the same mornig to se a -woman hanged at rodrse aonger-lane, and what he said as this, 'Why, ist nothing-it's but a kbick, and it's over in a mnutb ev '. Atint the effect the sight of an exection had upon that Ihasappy individual was in degree the same that is produced on hundreas of thousands; and am perfectly certiain if I could conceive nyself to he all the people, and therefore subject to alL the danger people would run from the abolition of capital ,unishment, I would abolish the pnnishment at once, and cel life and prerty and everythiing more sfe by reason of tl her abandomth oftls pE t be atBesides, let us be for one moment only an conasider what the taline of.humau life is; and, unless it could be demonstrated be3 yond aU doubt. to be absolutely necessary, I think we shol shrik from taking lifem. Idont deny that society hasthe right, and is permitted by the Deity, to do upn.g absolutelS necessary for its own safety; but al the books;, reasoning philosophy--all we gather from Scripture, so far as tIM new dispensation is concerned, goes to this conclusgionthat whatever is sav-age, barbarous, or wanton in privato pctc,in legislation, or law is not calculated to poueaproper ztate of m iind; and. as re-gards this qusinof capit3l punishments, I am of opinon that iti sgeta bl'Miner as it is abhorrent from everything tha ishumneand everything,that is Christian. Ishlallsay' no miore. Thu facts and the arguments. brought before=u byM,r. Dyniond appear tome,taking eve~ hing thesame light as he, and as it is reasonable I shudW otc"n n calculiited to have a great effect upZon the nind oail -I-' hoqe that, by petitions to the House of Commons, in conversation; irhereveryou haveinfluence--and yon have influence at all times,-you will do what you canto bring men's minds to what I believe to he a rational view of this qunstion, ancd that we may hope that, before long, andl in the lifetime of manyhere th galows hal be ut dwn,nev-er to be reereted an th la beasimiate tothehumneprinciples Chrstiniy soud efore n lgilatonas -well as in the Thu on. entlmanresued hs sat iam applause, andE
MANCHESTER COMAtERCIAL ASSOCLATIOX The annual meeting of 'this association took place yester. day, at Manchester, 3rr. 3. Aspinall Turner, the presideat, occupying the chair. Mrl. FAuiIMo, the secretary, read the annual rg'ort,' which detailed the proceedings of the association dUA4ing' past year. The CffuH nia, in the course of some observations in reference to the report, said he felt assured that the members of this association, while regretting the dire evils of tha war in which we were engaged, bad been fully sensible of the justice and propriety of this country entering into the contest. (Hear, hear.) The people of M1anchester had. borne cheerfully the sufferings entailed by the struggle, and be was quite satisfied that if there should exist any necessity for vigorously prosecating it still -further tlis communiqty would continue to exhibit tlek same feeling. (Hear, hear.) He sincerely hoped, h6wever. that the present hopes of peace might not prove illusory, and that-we should receive back our enemnes to terms of friendship, trusting that they would perceive the errorxc they hid committed, and learn-that there could be no true course for the security of Europp but that of muthal forbeasance and the desire for thc prosperity and liberty o£ other n.ations as wrell as their owfn. (Hiear, hear.) Tie. state of mercantile affairs during the past year-had not been so disastrous as miht na 1 pectedL Althouoh the exports from this countrj uring the past year had not been generally remunerative, this was in some degree mitigated by the generally favouxablerenilts of returns; and he believed the merchants, at all events, had not had a very unprofitable year, although in some quarters there might have been diaiculties and loss. To our mnanufacturers he thought the result might have been- different; but to the operative classeshe believed ithad been a comparativelyprosterous year, for, although provisions hadl been hngh mn price, employment had been pretty constant. He then referred to some statistics of the increase, of our exports duting the last year which recently appeared in the Economist, and expressed a hope that any peace -which might be concluded would not deprive Us of te great advantages that had been gained bythe onening of the Bllack Sea to our coromerce. In referenceto Indiahewas glad to see signs of progress there by theaotrtion of railwrays; but he feared we had not yet ins author ity the right class o7f men to develope thes resources of the country. (Hlear, hear.) He recommended to the attention of -he directors for the ensuing year tha'c some endewvours should h7e mnade to pDrocure a modification of the excessive charges in the M1anchester Court of Bankrup?tcy. He had the authority of -M.fr. Comraissioner Skirrow for saying thatthe messenger of his own court hal received, betveen the 1st of January and 18th of December, 1S55, above 2,0001., out of which there actuallywent intoc the messenger's own pocket at least 1,4001. (Hear, hear.) The duties of such an oflhice certainly did not require a col- legiate' education, hut the talented person who now filliedit Wa5 receiving a larger income than many fuIlbencficed. clergymen in this country. ("H}ear," and laughter.) .- On the motion of Mr. W. R WooD, seconded by .r LAxizAr, the report was adopted; but a subsequent reselr tion was also unanimnously agreed to, correctir; the term "aggossiv6 war," in oieofth gaph sappliiti our invisioa of Russia, by strng out the first word, isin-. appropriate. The directors anl officers -for the ensuin yrea, were them appointed, .and the proceedings terminatck &
~g 1s UIMEjS o te EIAT 0 the UItVIERS1TY of T Tiveisen ugedin the most ft-ttering manner by a ,~vreIngonumbr ofyour body to off~er myself as a candidate for ~ left vacant by the lamnented deathL of Your lata ~~~~~~~o far I bW.hott of whit your re resentative tiihtto ie I ee pusudethAt the Opinions which I h d are those Cf the ns yourbody. I sex not &,%are that there is any proba- forwardwho will repr~eanythmpnions Sxee5tmaelt Itere presumerrto wk for your suyport. Ee(er staing m OpiIos Iwish it to be distinctly understood that, ~ aseleced, mosgo tothe disharge ofmy duties unetteredby kegaw Ichhold to he unonsotitut,ionsal ad mischievous, tainarncrenember of the Crhurch of England, andcIneDalder it *a tlscosct Imotatuinctic. of the University to educate the clerw WAl gontry, se,d through thLem all classes, in the principles of true teisgion, I san entirely free frLom all tics of past and from party views. MY CTilnions generally are liberal, but Conseritive. The ability and M en'wthwhilteafaofth countrybave beensaminisitered 'Pem Governmentiumouot fyng times would renderm e Sizousisgive them my support.- Oc tho quesotion fwaror peace. itwouldbe impossible for me. at Iliismbment, tD CXPresaany oDinlou whichz the evenits of the next few S5eha; thsght not racdify. ut I may say. generally, that for thxe safe ty *And hono0ur of this country, and for the good of mnkiond, I earnestly lioge that mo effartj willb spared to prosecute the -aer with vigour INllasolldandweIm deupobebtined. Whensauch apeace hbas enconclCuded. I cuwt that tho Government of this coumtry will M"'be allowed to suffer our military and naval establishmenetsto fall Itothe low ebb to which they had sunk at the commencement of the Xelseldglaly upprsuch measurs are would best enable the Uniiteitytoerryoutitsowkn prcgresatve imlyrovement and aid its telCeay a a rea intruentof liberal education. I am howeyer, alnO!eyatac1edto hesyseno abody oef independent oes fe termallunneersry xteral ontol ritelrfereuce. ItlOgIbo ispsedto onaderfavourably any sound and welt-con. Uldted,ls fo giingto heUniversity a real and comPlete rePre- Ihvthe honourto be, 11,E~tftplace South, tendon Jan. 19, 1816. 1A51IBRTDGE UNIVERSITY ELECTION.-Mr. LONDONs COM3f1TTXU will MEET1 DAILY at WeorsA=grHoeel.speing.gardens, to which V*6to allcommunications CIAMEIDGEUNIVERSITY ELECTION.-The ~Jolowig gntlmenconstitute Mtr. DENMAN's CA-MBRIDGE ~.WUTIS,wit pwertoaddtother umber: CliaL-an-The11ev.Dr. CATMLL bhter of Christ's College. PsofeasorAbdy D.C.w ofTrinity Hall If. ~~Wood a Faq., D.C.L e' tions Profqaseisroe, ., enior F wof Trinity College. W. IDeoser, on..lD. Frelow of Christ' College. Plnfrisorwillis, lLA. Ca t. Jollege. . Profiu,s~ Aes,M.A TrDoniny College. Rev. 1W I Fealsn,l oAw?eo of T &nty Johns oleg,eubi R1ey. M. Eomlly XA.. SenirFlow and Tuintyc0 Chr ollege, tgsrr. J.iros PrestAon, lIL,, ellow of Trinty Calege. Rey. Jos. r hAmb lLA. Felow of Caiint' Colleege RWillEam Walton, e. FllowandTuoro TrinityCo Eege 0.0v. X iot LMaor,Eq, ALA., Feo fSt. Jobn' 'sCllege. Itev. T. Teropn, M.1L,. Fellow of TriJon'ty College. ]E. Wale. ZHodpont FelblowofEq. .. Trinity College. Je. S. ahew,Gunon. ISLA, Fellow ofCand Hallo Crstsolee Rev. aiarjd' Feriuso. A.A.. Ferowof S. Petbroke COlleg. Rev. F r- Theb. M.A.,Flo SroFowof Ca ng!& Colege. REv. W. Wathaon, lILA.. & FellowanTur ofTrinity Co all Rev.. i. J ao,IA, elwo t.Joh's olee. CR.F.Oero, Ya., feltw, St.A. Jelcmhn'Colueg Few'.K EL.. ' Jee. MUNARO.Senio Fellow andKing'setlelle ,, Trinity College. Tao jl SuS. 'X0 the MItMBESS of the SEXATE Of the UNIVERSITY Of Gentlmen, CAMBRIDGM. CesisuellncoofnumeflIrollsanctriete toLl fohromi the resident and pota-residentrnembers 6 the Senate Itr iS aPLmot.nels for me to state m political opinions and prinCipios,may bebetter judged of by my votesz and my conduct tlsatbecsnbby ny rofeious of myown. Butbelieving. as Ido, IhatIhesregenraly e accord;&nce with those entertained by thLe Un~yalar7e fewhingeouldgvemogreatergraiificatiin than So hsd hatitsmemersshold eemroeworthy Of thec very high I a, Gnteme, wthmuch respet oufatfland obedient servant, Eslin& JAM. 19.155. I IL WALPOLE. CAM1BRILDGE UNIVERSITY ELECTION.-The C ILONDON COMMUIiTTE for prmting the ELECTION of theitiht on. SPSCEt WLI'LE~Ig~DAILY at the Union Chaiman-he Lrd WAEII 85.., LD.,St. John's. TiceCh,rrrn-RoBEr C. ILDYAD, Fa., MI., MAA, late Thetigt Hn. hie Baon ollcIc IL.,late Fellow ofTiinity. Theiliht ion th Lrd ustceurnr,M.A.. late Fellow of The Ilaihttl .LordJohn Manners, 85.P.. ME.A.. Trinity. Mhe ftiaht. Ren. Viscount' Newport, ML.F. M.A., Trinity'. The Ifoe. fds, Baront Alderson. MA., late Fellow of Coins, The oElm Mr. Justice Croeuwell, M.A.. Emmanuel. Thie Efose.lr. RarouPlatt, M.A., Trinity. Tae Prorcet of Eton. Amnpliett. 1. Praul. Ese.. ALA., late Fellow of St. Peter's. Aatrobue R1ev. John, MAL..9St. John's. 3%u=%elIhy. Riebard, Esq.. M_A_. late Fellow of Calins Rally, Jobn, Faq.. Qt., BEA., late Fellow of St. Jobn'n. Bariew. F.. Faq.. M.A. ltae Fellow of Trinlty.hailL 3ate,M Thomas, Faq.. MA.&, late Fellow of Jesus College. 3atee, the Rnev. William. 11.D.. late Fellow of Christ's College. M3ayfoed, Augustus Fi. Faq.. L.L.D., Trinity-hail. 8entin0r, G. A.F. C., FAq., MA.,Trinity. Chapimar. BenedirtkL, Faq., lILA.. Fellow of.Jesus College. (lookeAley. t:e Iev. W.G.,MA.atFelwo ig. CLarke. George Rochfort. Ese.. ALA., St. John's. Cite, Wbelet. Faiq.. 3I.P.. M-A., St. John's. Cery, AL.T., Faq.. M-A.. Fellow of Pembroke. tIurrey. ther Rev. George, BRD.. late Fellow of St. John's l'reacher .8 the Charterhouse. Dcn the Rey. C. M1. MrA., Corpus Ohristi, Ftce,Dunnington, ALA., Cor.pus Crsi Puat.Wn.Faq., BLA.. Iat I edow of TrLinity. Goc. as, ewton, Faq, MLA., Fellowof Queen's,. Hagr,J., Faq_. LL.D.. late Fellow of Trinitybtall. Hege ,Oliver. Fail., M.A., Triut-. Ifrimlten Edwad,Esq.. MA., taleo Fellow oi Trinity. aod,W. FarerRq. A.Tity Hope. erTom, q, A,Tiiy Humhe.te e.F ies,R. a e ow of Trinity, Vicar Jereser. Herbert, Es. LD. lIain Fellow of Trinity-hall. xjoyt FA 3., Faq., X . lL. Trinity. loAthr, Ca.Ptain. .l., MLA.,Trinity. Macaulsy. luruneth, FaO.M. ALA.. Jesus College. Mkatthew,m Wilkinson, F.. Q.C., AT A . late Fellow of Trinity. Oakee,.Henry Porteous, F., 8M.P., MA., EmmanueL, Peroeval. 91pencer. Faq.,MA., Trinity. Perereval Charles Spencer, Fa. LR, Trinity Hell, POwock. Frederieck. Eeq..MA.rity Rankin. W. Iirut a. .. t ahrn' al Selwyn..,C apr e. A.Tiiy omsayo the Uni- Stoith. tthe Rev. Jolhn. .D., St. John'a. Mess-or, Charles Ceucil. Faq., M A.. St. C'athierine's H1all. Waso, hoas FRAq., D lAReTFllo ofA. St.nJohn's owan Wehees'.Thoas. aq.r1.lA.,Trinity.oee AWhdting.Rev.J G. DMA.. Mams.efEaulClee MMBar Faq D-A. Trinst o ity.. oUge Guee RLFAdw EN6ElRLL. Pser fCVaiusLR Foelloe o Sa K,Rr. WALPORD.,St.Jh' CAMBR egB CMarfa'1'Er:-srO -Cazrlra&-r.v.. FAD.TinCIS MARTIN PrfeAo, Snor Fellowman * BusoRy.T. M A., Trinity College. lma loesro Axidal,& Rev W.G D) Mas., o. f Feane Cw2d trOllee. Mne (lekoo. Iev. T,.. DL.'D. Master ofSt PetD Colege. Aterie. Rey. GL DE.D. X.,MSatoroFJesUsollege. yCllge Ree v Rv.1. Di.,PrDo e1ostofKig'sColleg ole. e Ess,Edi.Fq.,ALL.D. aster o Fellowo gs Coll ege. Vty,Ee.1.D. X t. John' College Mnd atrgarQetPoe7sso ofle Jlr.R-.1.. AM.D.KTinits College, rfeo fAaoy Chli J e.3., MA. T-irityCollowge, TPitmia PDrofessro Gnesn,ie.,W.&. SenAo, Fellow and CTutor of Lemaurelo Re .T.MA., St, mbroleCollege. Alioei,it BEL .A.,.,Sno Fellow of Trinity ColUege . Allay,Rev.J.RD.,Faelow and Tutor of St. Cohn'siCollege, Buibngtn, Rv ~RD ellwnd Tatarohn' St.ollege cle Barard Jon, aq. M... enof rinFellow fKigsolee Chapmn. 11v. 3 .A, Kng'sCollege. E vr-eel Day,11e.A G. MA, Snio Felowathrnd Cal,ausca eChiturer o Dune. 3., Faq., lILA., St. Jof St.olleee hIl.Rev. A. A. ILA.eloo Trinitys Colleege FnAt, Rv 3A.,3EIA., JellowCollKiege.Uge F~wck ey. G., XRD.Flo and Tutoiri of Copu hrai olee WlfRv .. D.Flo n Tutor of St. Jaohn's TrtCollege OterRev. J..MP., MP Chpaoin nity College * Godfry, H., lILA. t. ohn'acollee AEstant Te-torodel. u liedic J e. C, EA..'FellowoCanTorfLitherine al n hitian Je y ev. T. MA., Fellowo and Ssig eane of riitge ole Heplia, W, Faq, lIA.. S. Peer's College, aoreBdl fiocean.Rei' H.J.. A., ellw fTrinty Jollege. lege Jnesaee,ReLJ,F. ., Fellww and Aseistant Tutor of St, CatheLgitfot,Rev 3.ii, M.,Fellow and ssstn Tutor of Trinity oee IAe,.,Rs.,lLA.,Fellw o Kin's of leze. Wl If intl, Re. W., .A,,Fllowo StofPter'Jolleg § PEiYTandS-igtazdDane.tewDe IL SOy.AD P lenreare,scdlr Yor HoeLlFli ORand IBAIO1 -crsh mall aai-sete isru ntfrda niel alolest, Pesregmm lI~btog of th in bis e ~ sciiMi vec le, podued,strataithn he as en Ur sescLoUr A asteakn zn' teP tbe.Itale ef esn ~%6~ralecnsessJoa toheardroiistla hurhaietpb CO1N'rRAoT for 0"bL720. - DEPARTMNENT of the CO3IFTROLLER for VI(M,UA GIN TI(H Comissones fo excutig te Office of Lord LHig Admral f th Unied Kngdo ofGreat Britain and ire' landfdo heru~iventieta nMna.teItf a ~ok conrtineR scof at Plenot l uhqatte fTL and. together with sample,a h 1c fteBrakMse.N tender will be receieuafr1 ocoknrtedyo ray o n 'noticed unless madeontepitdfrpovddorheprs,ad which may be obtaindo apiaio tte si fie Every tendermuth drse oteSceayo h diat and bear in the Ieft-ncorner the words"enrfrCais,an must also be deiee tSomerset-place 3DEPAItTMIINTof teTOtKE RGEEALof the ANVY. r ~~~~Somerset-place, January 3. I85. 1T¶H Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Hfigh Admrnal of the United Kingdom ofGreat Britain and Ireland do hereby give notice, that, on Tuesday. the 5th February next, aLt 2 o?clock. they will be rayto treat with sinch pawrns as maybe willng to CON`RA CT for SUPPILYN G Her Mr iestya several Deckyards with 4,740 loads of ENGLISH ELMf TILMBER. and 16 Elm Trees for Pumps, felled between the middle of November last anad the end of February next, and to be delivered (at prices including all carriage and other oxPeoses) by the 50th November next. Tenders ma he made forthe supply of any one or more ofthe Yards~, or for the wheie of them. A distribution and a form of the tendermay be obtained at the said ofice. No tenider will be received after 2oclock en the day of treaty, nor will any be noticed unIessthe partyattends, or an agent for him duly authorized in writing. Every tender muwt be addressd to the SecrtaTy of the Admiralty8 andibear in the left-band cornur the words " Tender for ElmnTimaber, and must also he delivered at Somerset-lace, accompanied by a letter igedhby two resonusible persons engagin to become beuna with the person tendering, in thesurumof4£1per load for the dueperformanceof the contract NVEV WIETROPOLITAN CATTLE MLARKET.- Tavlaerns to be let. - The MEarket lImprovements Committee will meet at Guidhall, on Thursday. the 24th Instant, (insteadl of Friday. the 25th as previously advertisedi, at 1 o'clock precIsely, to receive TENDEE~ for the TWO TAVERNhS at the New Market, viz. the Queen's Arms and the CityArmn, The particular tavern require mustbe specifiedain the tender. Tenders must besealedand endorsed "Tender for Tavern." The Committee do not hind thbrmselvesto- accept thehighest or any tendler Plns may be seern and part c oh tained at the Architect's office, Gulidhall, any day (SuntLysexen=d, between thehours of 10 and 5.I EI W H I. GuildThall. Jan.?., 1856. C HORLTON UNION.-Nurse for Females in the Lunatic Wards.-WANiTED), a PERSON of experience, by the Guardians of the Peer of the Chorlton Union. to nurse and take charge of the female patients in the above wards in the Workhouse at Withington. Salar£6 per annum, to beincreasdto£Sdafter aprobation of 12 months, with boar and lodgig in the Workhouse, Apply by letter to me, statitug ago, and wheth~er married or not, anid enclmosig testimonials. on or before Thursday. the 24th inst. WILLIAM BURDETT, Clerk to the Guardians, Urnion offices, Crosvenor-equare, Manchester, Jan. 9, 186. yVEOVIL UNION.-Master adBarnAatd X -WA~TTEa MASTER and MATRON,.for the YeovilUnion house. A roan and wife, without encumbrance, will be preferred, They must be able to write well and he coniversant with accounts, .And cadls AppleIcations, wfBith tetimoia,to he sett heCek on orbefor Mondy. te 4thof Fer.aJ. an th leton ttk Y BUILDERBy.orer, sons desirus Yo COerk TO-AT L fr RVIIN ndIIG ACT, S8OP, CAOT of CmPETEnCY tenra Rpeirfor the douties Nof30 distrit-streyor wit! se place atnhemospeofictheionstituthe, No.1.nGrsvenoTu~r-stree, Groovesor-square beon eluesday.athe ecth cla of Janursary instnt,.t_ Friay Thea1the ofa January ainstt semPnd an application, wMehichdmus baCcompanied byelc an sadtemn,acodngtr formteesig er n toh prevt ioul oebtieds at th omthe henea Cnstitute. ntero fsi on.otb roatin.Adn3. e shub 1856. C.ha C. e GOnera Hon.niSee,s. FcomTleand makninger Genepralcepair to theouse.nato. 1and eleetistreet cty,ma see planstteandbspecifctons renbytheGpemieaAs,stllThusdy, 24t ist Tedes o e dlierd tO'cocF o Thursday. Sevrening. Ff~EATE RYAL, DRURY-LANE, Jness17 T LIOEIAsTT-Noth.e is herebdugen,rithataGE ItbAst LtraSesEMoL of, theg Thearone6nel-l rr-an.pCoseumpanyo Prgeopretos2will herheld i thrce Uaboonrfithe TeareormneTho-moryroth 3(stdnest..),at 1 oo'clock. in t;Mhe aternon preiey chorernivof thestaemetao CaccontdfonianAslu woMmittend to eletaneadis rfs the erndpnsuringea.-h andrtormelet i memerslo tofwt the Genralcommteedian adthe momt Bof sx goantoutby evrelaton.cAnd noticeis hereb gvleen, tatrte Goiieneral booknrtteirs copleted ar in numer,n wil proceednto Thefnominat ionan eletionl ofg thnea.u-Comittee to bhe then cnonfiredqytenef GeneralAssembly. T'HEATRE ROYAL COVUR T-GAXED-eNse D ram.E,T.Sre th-Therieduced . c-es athstetep aceasrfessor: evegryanit.Gr,oogieat pruscensuiArn W andt uwbx aso. galleries,c thousans.-Sea mustboxecrees,rI.S,; firstoromi cirle,as, nd, dess TIHSEvkS (usdy.Jm 2, n To-morrow (Wednesday),atokc, ROn wOYToh occasonwte idren ofe gte Roaldmof Cauedonl Dasylo wLell atten tof wieClo the ofGod.TrandpoJumve.TNihts pronhrmdance terinate every eveningay ate pebipacsti ocomkmenwing wth the ightly govgerows to wiosath poulrstancomeiane and th e heAt Boys'Pantomieevern GoodHumodulale and yentldeme arte sloliiedo tole boo theiro lowd b th Scttih odi sappoitmcent. The fRee. l obtois en Peronfessr--erso . e pen c.tgr onsequence of the greatk Dapp use aond - luHteribestGoweduon: tihlegwOderfl epeiments ofr Sthet. F1ncsd Ofsthelato,W bylr. thore nlerrsqil ntte The Gog 1re.atr Gunar3oick, THISbEVEithG will he peCormedl THile GREAT GUNe TRICK bly withthgrandissCutshbrut.mTh prantoie HtrreY hIDa L DlemorDfoE;t Cor,. Barmequfn Ring NonsesealondaieSvnAes Brw of Mt an,lTheiscener painte byaom fr.rWitsa uBeverey d To Hariequi. The Cowlumbines Two PardntalPoppy two Spritpoedfrafvds, tw Cows a otnsoquande Tom Mathews.emePrinecipalmdntocr,iotdimyth Rosnpresgit.tDoor ote Rot haf-as. 6 andrcommener yumathafps?.eoet.Irvt boxM E3 3s SuccessX of. atnb Roy gandth Graond, Os;uperai gregr.-Uanious pproatin ofthe orgous codirhSectiacle. ROB RY. Tbe fllowd b~the reatandust successful panito- T Hda,znd StaTRrtu'ePrdasy, the p'erfrmncA"esAVonmKFinTG with-dthe most grgeouseclandymosTHpopularpan .Tomm Go eBli Allacer,Mor Hare- lowehy he cotish perticspetacl ofRoboy.Ro coyPro-,ud non MssHarit Grdn:Bisthegh shldslrtMr Setua Dorancisn IDOs YAiLo, r GergNeSPe7sn THE uATREM.-Harr Phursday a%jo Gnexrt, Ja r. S4. threwill;b Bail SCNiDlave MOR. IGoPrlay attibe, Miss aot halfpat . The sra antmevnime thas Theatre wfor its Clowe n. Bcrnesforeits PataeoynCarlPesrformnce for itsoHrleun Cande MisEni Hucs.Corsedforis uequalledHi Coubndoe.ltyohe neoeasofx istheIGranden Puppyespuesaned Cora fe dayom se in W conseuenceof THeItremndousectmn occasioTL ed' bOYAth representatio fRob Bob.la dooirsopentevely tevinast)ho atfrpayt6 coment,cmenac7Pivgate2 bloxesk£ Is., £2 I.,h the Is., and lhis gand bacomcpny,omimupero boxes, Is a hTh EORGEstl.I, AN pit, Ds.AGalleory, l7s. Second p rie a9o'loc-Bacon, 3& uper oxe, I. S.e ier Is. galery. Sd,~fh he-oficein pendaiy fom 1 tll , uderthe dieto ofet Moarnin Repesntainoth extraordnar and h sucssu Dramto PEANSE ROYAL,PORAYENTARKET.-Arrnge mea ts foreth Piearoroz-trWee:tHIbestoW r EVEIN nTocady, ahe rehvdoomeady fa eatHe BeAUX'otRAAGdRiLto Arhe,w r.Hoe A ANwe ING. . FAr;Sllthnen,ar.Chipashendable:Srb Mr.ABCkstone;lrs.Suinth VissoReynolds DoGH aa,tli SuurunboTough; AChDE.Miss B. CGopelln. r -ordrAulwcandonThurdayan SheuSoosdto Coenquer fridaytU andSaurda. Te BeauxstraWegesday andlter wic foneachtight thaek t uarter pasenhefothedaNtie.-FutadLs Moang IfomNG, ofth PaNtomim onlhnd tayniExt. Dooope at ha flld-pstI,tomeneatI, Fiand-conclude Intruto4t.yoat klthnewt an. 14,o thermewl eL a SECOiNDc MORnINGt PER daeoenay af-atI And thrdYevnn~ enllsditc evening theThatre wll bea WithUREGET PRIVAESAFAIRS aTaAeid th grandebrtowqnr s3adk comic. pantotmim ofJACKmAth) THE BE eckSaLK;-ry, Carle-. quin ad M,othrwGose .npatH meAanJckndHrquin. Miae-Co adamirew Cnexete; MtherGoose. aondColmbie Mss WPndhatem,On Fridyb . net"AN.25IbyGeneAl dsiendtheAreUT adbnyocair.,aGrandf Moldt erformance ofivthe GZi insthe Yand omaic PTantomime, with etheaEnertAinens t comneat IUhul,t iclock. te' A ynn T HE ONLY EQUESTR-ilAN- M y f EANTOIME i IXN.ADGERYliath hourof Abnouncmg to the feradut ldle, i wichclas tey aveth opprtunity mofurning z DVNCING SUBeSCITRAND PACALEMY ft DACIG,37EStrn,ajiING-CRiESer-haI, an lte IZ Priat lsses t ll ous,and uevenngosats orterutoen h TWO POUNDS REWARD.-LOST, last evening, about half-past 6 o'clock. between the Greeham Ares, Gresham. Btreet. and the Letter Box, General rost-omfie, a rOCKEr-BOOK, co9tren tro pert r Any pe raon delivermg the a3mo at the erbeve tavern dshll receive the above rewrard. THEATRE ROYA14 DRURY-LANbE. Lessee, Mr. E. T. Smith. THIS EVENING. THE GREAT GUN TRICK. Characters by Mes C. Mathews, Tilbury, Templeton, Ashley, and miss Ennis To conclude with H DIDDLE DrDDL TBEATRE ROYAL4 COVENT-GARDEN. Lessee, Mr. J. H. AndersoeL THIS EVENING, ROB ROY. Characters bY Mess. Anderson. stuart, G. Perrin S. Cowell, Gourlay, and. H. Pcareon; blmn J. W. Wauack- and Ms H. Gordon. To conclude with YE BELLE ALLIANCE. THEATRE ROYAL. HAYMARKET. Under the bIanement of bIr. Buckstone. THS EVEN-ING. THE BEAUX' STRATAGMr. ByMesRs. uckstone, Howe, ChippendIlC, Rogers, E.Villiers, Lc.: Kisses Roynolds. Swanboronush 2 e=laCopelnd. M Peyncer. a To onclude with THE BUTT FY'S BALL AND GPASS HOPPER'S FEAST; or. Hlarlequin audthe Genius or8pring. ROYAL PBROESS'S THEATRE. Under the bIanagement of Mr. Charles Kean. THISEVEINRGwillbe presented KIGEHENRY VII. Queeni Katharine, Mrm C. ean; Cardinal Wolsey Mr 0. Rean. To conclude witn HARLEQUIN AN]D THE MA AN'D THE MAGPIE; or, The Fairy Paradisa and Hanky Panky the Enchanter. THEATRE ROYAL. ADELPHL p Proprietor tr. B. Webster; Directress, Madame Cdeeete. THBIS EV1IG will be presented DOMESTIC ECONOMY. John Ormnly Mr *right Joey Miss Stoker,- M Shackles, biss Kate Kelly; W&rs Grumly. dss iVndham. A'ter ,which, URGENT PIVATE AFFAIRS. To conclude with JACK AND THE BEAN STALK; or, Harlequin and Mother Goose at Home Agai ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE Lessee. Mr. Alfred Wzan. THS EVENNG, THE JEALOUS WIFE-Mr. G. Vining and Mrs. Stirling. THI DISCREET PRINCESS; or, The Three Glass Distaffs. Mess. F. Robson, Emery. Danvers, H CooLerI, White, Clifton: Misses Julia St. George, Tean, learston, aell, and Stephens. Commence at J past 7. THEATRE ROYAV. SADLRS-WELLS. Under the Management of Mr. Phslps. THIS EVLENING wll be presented THE TEMPEST. Propero. bMr. Phelps; Alonzo, Mr. H. Manston: Caliban. Mr. Barrett; lerdi. nand, Mir. F. Rohbinon; Trinulo, Mbr. Lewis Ball; Steran, nLr. Pray; Antonio Mlr Lunt; Gonralo. Mr.T. C. Harris ; M1iranda Miss Eburne; Arie, his Dyer. With HARLEQUIN AND PUSS J2N BOOTS. ROYAL SURP.EY THEATRE. lessees, bessrs Shepherd and Creswiclc TmS EVENING will be preaented P.ARIS I 1792. To conclude with A PRINCE OF PEARLS; or, Harlequin and Jaue Shore. ASTLEY'S ROYAL ASPEHITHEATRE. Lessee and Manager, Mr. W. Cooke. THIS EVENING wl beo resented HARLEQUIN ANhD ST. GEORGE AN] THE DRAGiON; or, The Seven Champions of Christendom After which, the Scenes in the Circle. with Mr. Cooke's Performing Elephants. To conclud with ROOKWOOD; or Tmrpi's itide to York. TO COBBESPO1DENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Tixes is reduced to 4d., and that 51d. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regalations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous commrnnications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the nae and address of the writer; not necessarily for publicatioL, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. £r The publication of Tcs. Teres commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday mornig, and finished at 10 minutes to 9.
LONDON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 185. Our foreign intelligence still runs in one current. Ve learn from Vienna that Russia " simply and unconditionally" accepted the propositions made by Austria and the Western Powers as the fundamental conditions of the fature treaty of peace. It may seem ungracious to ca-il at so gratifying an announcement, but stil we confess we should have been better pleased h4d the terms been offered to Rissia in a shape which would have admitted of their being made, not into the foundation of a treaty, but into the substantive treaty itself. It is very possible that in this we may be quite wrong. We respect diplomacy much, and should respect it a great deal more, had we not had such recent and rueful experience of the errors which it is possible for the most learned professors. of this occult .'and intricate science 'to commit. WVe have .not yet forgotten. the Vieina Note, which was to have delivered Turkey from the interference of Russia, only that, by the confession of its talented authors, it happened to have exactly the contrary effect; and we are still struggling in the meshes of the CLAYTroN-BuLwER Treaty, which, we are told, was intended to save rights that it does not save, and has added tenfold perplexity to an already intricate question. There Viight have been difficulties which we do not see in tendering to Russia a treaty for her execution, just as the seller of an estate tenders a conveyance to an unwilling piur chaser; but certainly no good reason couldbe given for the intentional circumlocutions and ambiguities with vwhich the terms are encumbered. Why could we not say in so many words that English and }renchConsulsmust be allowed to reside in the ports of the Black Sea, instead of talking about " institu" tionssanctioned bythe law of nations ?" and why could we not demand at once an undertaking not to fortify the Aland Isles, instead of veiling it under the pompous periphrasis of reserving to ourselves the right of proposing ulterior terms? These are merely verbal criticisms, but in such cases words are things, and things of immense consequence when they serve to retard a settlement which it is of the last importance should not be delayed for an unnecessary hour. The terms are accepted, purely, simply, and unconditionally. About them, therefore, if good faith is to be observed, there ought to be no dispute, and all that remains to be discussed is the best method of carrying them most effectually into execution. If we once depart from this simple and obvious rule, we shall be involved in interminable wranglings and discussions, and end by being either completely mystified, or perhaps cheated by the pen out of the advantage we have won by the sword. If we adhere steadily to the con- ditions agreed upon the matter can soon be closed; I at all events, we protest, after our experience Qf last year, against the necessity or policy of an . armistice. It is clearly our interest to have the question of peace or war decided as soon as possible, and we ought to take care as soon as we can that Russia shall have the same interest. Bnt t.ais she will not have if we once grant an armistice. Then it wiMl be worth her while to negotiate for the sake of negotiation, and apply all the wily arts of which she is the mistress to protract the breathing-time allowed her, and to use threats, promises, and intrigues, to sow i divisions in the councils of the allies, and among those German States whose allegianoe to their patronJandaprotector is-beginning perceptibly to waver. To us it is of no very great importance 'whether we have peace or war,. but it is of the very lasV impo;tance. 'thAt our councils should r:ot be diatacted. nor our attention diverted -by a statW of th#igs' which - is neither the one nor the other, but the whole advantage of which is with our enemy anad:gainst us. The best and first proof that we can ask of Russian sincerity is that the CzAB should be content to negotiate without requiring a suspension of hostilities. This will be a proof that negotiation is not to him an end, but a means, and that the' object he has in view is peace itself,' and not intrigue or delay. We may express a hope also that the,con-' ference may be confined to the belligerent Powers and to Austria, through whose good offices it was brought about. We hear a great deal now about the immense influence which Prusia has exercised at the Court of St. Petepsburg, and how it is by her instances, much more than those of Austria, that the chanOe in the dispositions of the EmpEROR was brought about. There are States, as well as individuals, who will witch a man struggling in the water without making the slightest en4eavowr to 'save him, and when he has reached the shore encumber him wvith superfluous help. If the worl of Prussia be thus all powerful, why has' she withheld it till now t Why has she been deploring aud making money out of the war, which a single earnest appeal from her would have been sufficient to stop ? In what capacity conld such a Power be admitted to the conference? Not as our ally, not as the ally of Russia, for she disclaims both characters; not as impartial, for she has been at no pains to conceal her predilections; not as a great Power, for of a great Power she has deliberately abdicated the honours and duties. E3er presence could only perplex, mystify, and protract, and give colourand encouragement to any attempt on the part of Russia to evade the obligations she has undertaken. Prussia has mediatized herself, and in the conference of great Powers there is no place for shams. We may also express a hope that the place of the conference will not be Vienna, nor any town of Eastern Germany. If it is to be neither Loildon nor Paris, let it be some such place as Frankfort. Franlfort is free from Pru3sian or Austrian influences, and is easily accessible to all the contracting parties. We should there breathe a freeer atmosphere, and escape the Russianizing inflience which occasioned so remarkable a transformation of our Plenipotentiary in the course of last spring. Indeed, as to this point, precautions, ought to be taken to prevent the country from being a second time exposed to discredit by the ignorance, the incapacity, or the vacillation of its representative. At a European conference like that now impending there is but one man who could worthily represent us,-one man in whose hands every Englishman would feel confident that the destinies of the country were safe, who would speak with an authority such as no one else could command, and in the presence of whose long experience and firm x resolution no diplomatic toutr de fiorce would be attempted. If the negotiation is to be long, it ought not to be entered into at all; if it is to be short, no man is so fit to conduct it as Lord PAUNEEISTOX. The Prime Minister of England, the leader of the House of Commons, is also at this moment the complete representative of the feeling and spirit of the English people, and in that, the highest character of the three, we trust he will not refuse hIis services to the nation which he has saved from disgrace and conducted to victory.
For the honour of our country, for the proof of our earnestness, and for the consoLation of the unfortunate people more directly visited by the scourge of war, it ought to be known that we also pay what may be called forced contributions. We may fairly place ourselves in the same category with the Christian villages of Bulgaria, the Tartars of the Crimea, and the natives generally all over that part of the world. It is true that we are not suddenly called on to entertain a corps of Turkish Irregulars on its march to the wvorld's end; no Bashi-Bazouks seize young Master HornvuL from the arms of his nLursemaid, and hold him over a cauildron of boiling oil till his father has paid more money than he ever possessed in the world; our arabas and mules, our stacks of hay and corn, are not seized and carried off, with no other return than a bit of paper, to be presented a thousand miles off, and taken into consideration at the end of the war. No doubt, it is an advantage to people nursed as we are in the warm lap of civilization to be spared these rougli processes. Yet we are substantially harrowTed and fleeced; we pay as heavy a blackmail as ever lowland grazier to the barelegged. occupants of the neighbouring pass. A personage of the miost iUustrious and predatory extraction winder the sun, the representative of- sea kings and Norman barons; aud conquerors, and crusaders, anid church spoilers, and HiglUand clanships wvitlhouit number, rends hei trusty agents, neither in armour nor tartan,,: nor yet in the simple majesty of the Pict, but with steel pen, inkllorn, and notebook, to demand a round sum in the coin of the reahm. It has been fixed by a secret tribunal of those wvorst of all assassins, yourrespectable neighbo,urs. Shouldyou demur, you are summoned to the Inquisition-the key of your treasiure-house wrenched from your hands-your hooks opened to intolerable lightyour credit, youzr prospects, your character placed at the mercy of your most candid friends; in fine, such an apparatus of scientific torture displayed to yolur eyes, that you give in at once, and pay the most iniquitous demand. Contrary to the first principle of natu=d philosophy, that out of nothing can come nothing, you pay a positive Income-tax out of a negative income, and go forth both plundered and dishonoured, inus7ts your mnoney and your self-esteem. It isvwith the greatest propriety that this is called a war-tax. The greatest extortions can plead an historic origin. "PnETE's pence" arise out of tlhe Crusades, and another tax out of the redemption of Christian captives. Danegelt waas levied at first to keep the Danes out, and eventually by the ]Daaes to keep themselves in. We paid Income-tax first to help the Russians against the French; we are now paying it to help the French against the Russians. If the war goes on we shall have to pay a good deal of it out of hand to our present allies. Its ultimate destination -we forbear to speculate uponi. Such is the forced contribution we are paying, in company with our fellow-reEgionists all over the East. So we must confess to a chord of sympathy with our inconvertible corTespondent, Mr. Mu-Tz. We cannot but agree with every wGord he says as to tho hardship of the Income-tax as now levied, or rather extorted. No ordinance of man, not excepting the Act of Confornity or the Thirty-iiine Articles, ever made so many hypocrites. . It makes them, too, the worst of all hypocrites-against themselves. It is a matter not only of known fact, but of evident necessity, that Income-tax is continually paid by insolvents and men on the very eve of bankruptcy. Thus, we have no doubt that Sir JoHw D. PAuL and Co. paid a good Income-tax to the last-of course, at the cost of their unfortunate creditors. In the late war we know the particulars of a case where a merchant in the Baltic trade paid for several years on an income of 10,0001. a-year, andcthen suddenly failed, paying -aomewlhaer about 6d. in the pound. He knew very well that his return would be whispered to every merchant in the trade. That is the gre'vaneq on: .-hich .Mr.. LMUNTrz most dijlates tie~ro7sm, -its pretended confidenc.e,. its : refined - ypo. crisy, and itfs real pressures Then) thesionly; mswer is that the tax cannot be collected in any other way. This Bashi-Bazouk's plea,' indeed, pervades the whole tax--the scale, as well as the manner of coUection. You are always told the difficulties are insurmountable. It is impossible to capitalize income, and everybody who has tried to devise a-tariff for the purpose has either com'mitte suicide or gone mad. The impossibility has become the strong point of the case. Those bold bad men, the Chancellors of the Exchequer, like Prince GoiTseHsxorF, intrench themselve3 on the plateau, of an incorrigible Incometax, and say,.s Mend us if you can." We may answer, as the farmer did to An xAwDEn Popp, that it would 1be eaier to make a new one altogether. But in these days the financial diggings have been so thoroughly exploitedc that it is not easy to find iirgin.soil, and people don't like going back to an old tax. So what is to be done? lWe have done our utmost, ad i at this moment have a very natural reluctance to dry up the sinews of war. We look to the Income-tax Refornn Association to do somethina for the cause besides mere taling. It can collect facts,-that is, of men who ought to pay the Income-tax, and do not; and of those who ought not, and do. Facts are sure to come in handy some day or other. The association suggests that rettrns be made on oath, as a substitute for the examination of accounts. But in these days people don't like taking oaths, especially when they are not quite sure it is the truth they are swearing to. - The Legislature has recently abolished thousands of oaths. Till lately it -was an ordinary thing for the captain of a ship clearing at the Ctustom-hoase to have to take dozens of oaths, all of them more or less false; he had always done so, and everybody else did so, and everybody knew the oaths were false oaths ; so the responsibility was thrown upon Government. Now, we doubt whether the Legislature will saddle itself with the responsibility of all the false swearing this change would give rise to. Notwithstanding what Mr. MuTrz and Mr. ScHozxsaxr.D say, and notwithstanding what we say, as to the exaggerated returns, it is plain and undeniable that the bulk of the returns are false in the other direction. They are too low, and the demnand for a capitalization of income points to that side of the grievance. That this is the general character of the returns fiom trade appears by the very sorry figurte they mal;e in the aggregate, comapared with returns from land and fimds, and by the comparison of the returns for whole shteets with simultaneous returns for compensation under improvement acts. When there is atalk of oaths, it must be remembered that we have to deal with the clasticity of the commercial conscience in its mnost elastic direction. We have to suppose a tradesmilan extricating an available income out of all sorts of drawbacks and all sorts of difficulties. He is sure to have fify itenms of expendituire which he will put down to his business or his private account, according to his own viewv of the subject. Now, if all is to be left to the security of an oath, we distinctlyforesee that from a dozen men with precisely the same income, and in the very same profession and circumstances, there wiU be all sorts of retuns with erery variety of conscience. We should be sorry to sanction a remedy so much wvorse tnan the disease. But, for the present, the association had best confine itself to the collection of facts. Let them remember that Clhancellors of the Exchequer always come down heavy with facts. With all the returns in every possible form, and an immense staff to foage for them, they are sure to overwhelm the unfortunate agitator who presents himself with his " view," his theory, and his sentimental appeals. We have not the least doubt that the Treasury could produce at a day's notice 10,000 cases of returns manifestly below the truth, yet accepted on the word of the taxpayer, and never questioned for a moment. Of course, there is too much reason to fear that, had an oath been required to backl up these returns, it would have been tendered without much hesitation. As to the project of capitalizing income, that is another affair, and the association can do nothing better than draw up the clraught of an amended Income and Property Tax Bill embodying this principle. No one will be more grateful to it for this service than ourselves.
From a far distant land we have tidings of a negotiation from which Vienna itself might borrow lessons of dignity. We can hardly hope that our readers will remember more than the name of Mosmsl, the great chief of the Basutas. In the days of profoumd European peace, when the arrival of a hippopotamus or the destruction of an applestal in the Park were stirring events, there was a certain number of persons who followed with something like interest the details of the Caffre -war. As the.state of hostility in those regions appeared to be chronic, and was the cause or pretext for the continuar ce of some unpopular imposts, the finaacial reformers were, of course, ready- to expose any failings in the conduct of a war or in the policy that led to it. .. About three years since they had a great opportunity for declamation. Englaud had won a Pyrrhic victory. The soldity of the British veteran had scarcely the advantage over the barbarian cavalry of the Orange River. The story of the campaign was as follows :-General CATHCART, whose name is now so well remembered in connexion witha fiercer and more famous struggle, entered the Orange River Sovereignty to settle disputes between AIosuxsH and the far-mers of the sovereignty, who complaineed of his depredations. The case had been, it seems, previously investigated, and it had been decided that MO1sISExs should pay a certain fine. The Governor arrived in the district, and commnanded the chIief to send in within three days 10,000 head of cattle and 1,000 horses, threatening in default to take them himself, or to make reprisals. MosUsEH came into camp next day in a con-] ciliatory spirit. Be had a " parley" with the i Governor, and. promised to do what he could. In a few days his son Nr.Huixirl came in with 3,500 head of cattle. The next day, as no more appeared, preparations were made for war. Several names, now known in connexion with events on; another field, were mentioned in the despatch re-; lating to the untoward incident whieh followed. Colonel Emsnu commLcanded in chief, the Hon. LmECsTvm CuVaZO led the Rifle Brigade, Captain PERCY HmErBERT the 43d Regiment. MbosEsr, though unwilling, was not unprepared for war. He ruled the most numerous and fiercest race of the plains north of the Orange River. Our conquests over the Ghikas led us to the territory of the Tanabookies; the subjugation of these only involved us with the Basutas, over whom MIosHEsE held sway with all the power of a superior genius. At "the battle of the Berea" he brought 6,000 horsemen into the field. The British had MUniM rifle and a demi-battery of artillery. Yet the battle lasted from sunrise to 8 o'clock in the evening. The enemy suffered severely, yet the continuance of the struggle seemed so unadvisable that the Governor receded from his demand for the 10,000 cattle, and was content with what had been surrendered and what had been captured after the combat. Three years have passed since this event. The Caffre war is almost forgotten. The burdens which it-laid on the nationseem trivial when compared with the enormous expenditure of European warfare. Statesmen have wisely judg,ed that little was. o be gained by the annexation of desert tracts, -:popi ated Witif tribes. 6qualy fierce, ;cunning, and dishonest. The -British Rla has retreated from beyond the Orange River; the :iuntry of the Basutas is far from the colonial frontier, and IosussU may rule and N=E- IAH eucceed him without interference. from us. - The Orange River is now independent; the property of the British Government, comprising the Legislative Palace and the Courts of Justice, the Barracks, and. the Pos-office, were made over to the inhabitants' for little more than 907., and the descendants of Dutch boors have organized a republic, wbich now appeam for the 'first time in the world of diplomacy. On the 5th of October last a conference took ;place betWeen the President. and MosHrH, the British Governor of the Cape, Sir G. GRFY, being present as a comMon friend. It is needless to say that -the Europeans wished to come to some conclusion on the great subject of cattle-stealing, and MOSHESH met them as a M'GaxooG or CA&bnox ~might have met a general of Cxomw9E or WrLLIAlr. It is not difficult to see thatthe 73asacheeftain is quite a match for his civilized brethren. When the-7> President speaks and then asks- for a reply 7 *MOB11PS will say nothing until the Goveraor expresses his opinion. MOSHiESH is higbly pious .r and biblical in phrase, but not to be out._. done in worldly shrewdnems. He has, no doubt, `profited much both from the teaching and example of the missionaries. "Peace is the mother "of all I admire what your Hononr has men- tioned. I do not deny that some of the stolen "things have gone in oLrr direction. I do not "know the best means of stopping it. Has the "Governor no words of advicer' The Gover- - nor, however, would not interfere, and the Peaident proceeded to urge his complaints. He said he could state the exact number of cattle stolen.. MosHnsH would be delighted to- hear it. It was read, and a positive assurance required that such delinquencies should not be repeated. It waould seem that the President's manner here be.came somewhat warm, and that DlosBRsu grew stil more polite and sententious. "The sword - "of the mouth is grievous." " We had better "not speak any longer on these things. We "came here on a friendly visit, and did not ex- pect to dispute." The President urges him to -- reply, and to state any grievance of his own. " Not to-day," says MosEnsu, " let us go home;. " we can correspond by letter." He stands on his dignity, and will hardly even listen to the Governor. "Advice to a chief ought to be given in " private, and not in public.", However, hi is willng to hear, and the Govemor delivers a lecture, in which he praises .MosnsSH for having, raised himself to so high a rank, and become the lawgiver of a most powerful nation. He hopes that the chief will " raise his barbarians in the scale of " civilization," trust to his own energies, avoid bad advisers, and leave off stealing cattle. "s We ought " to praise his Excellency for his words," is the cautiouls reply of MosHEsH. He then consents that lists of the stolen cattle should be nmade out, and promises to lay therm before the suspected delinquents; but he cannot bind himself to say that there shall be no more stealing, and concludes by preaching resignation to the plundered boors in a Pauline text, " We must by patience overcome " eviL" On the whole, his Honour the President and his EAcellency the Governorhave got verylittle out of MoSIESH. If there be comparison between the genius of civilized life and the untutored vit of the savage, we may find in the Basuta monarch some traces of the craft possessed so eminently by the countrymen of NassELRoDE and GonrTcsHAorr. To reply calmly to demands more or less warmly -urged, to ask on every possible occasion for eight-and-forty hours to consider, to deliver phrases of high-toned morality, and to assume an appearance of injured innocence, seems to be common to the policy of St.Petersburg and the capital of the Basutas. Sir G. GEYs, however, made use in the " parley" of a few words which will probably balance the diplomatic skill of his opponent,-" We cannot suffer a - nation of thieves on our borders. The Presi"dent and I are determined to put them down." The consciousness that this threat can be enforced will probably have its effect ; and to a similar feeling must we be indebted for the preservation of peace in more important parts of the -world.
There is quite enough of mystery and horror connected -with the investigation into the poisoning cases at Rugeley without any fresh complication. Difficult, however, as it is to anive at any satisfactory results from the very nature of the means probably adopted to cause death, and from the length of .time which in two of the cases has elapsed, a fresh class of incidents has been brought to light, almost as surprising as the alleged atrocities. We have been in the habit of believing. that the various post-offices of the* kingdom could be relied upon for the confidential transmission of the most important conmunuications; we have been in tlie habit of imagining that, whatever might be the occasional errors and prejudices of judges and juries, the stream of justice in these islands floweed on without intentional contamination. En both cases, as it appears, we have been in error. It now seems that the Coroner who is presiding over, the inquests which must primarily determine whether or not Mfr. 'WmLLt& PALMER is to be put upon his trial, and the Postmaster at Rugeley, through whose office the most momentous documents connected with the prosecution are forwarded, are in constant communication vith Mr. PAnnxm, and have been acting in his interest. The case as it stands against Mr. WViuo WEBB WAPrm, one of the Coroners for the county of Stafford, is bad enough; but as the investigation, as far as he is concerned, has not been completed, we will abstain from -ll comnment upon his conduct. Enough may be gathered from the brief statement of facts which we subjoin to show the nature of the charge against him. The Postmaster stands in a different predicament. In his case the evidence of the nitnesses is complete, and he has been committed to take his trial for a misdemeanour. The facts, as they were elicited in the cour-se of the investigation before the magistrates, were, then, briefly as follows M1r. GARDNEr., the solcitor for the prosecution in the case of Mr. CoorK, on the 2d of December last wrote to Dr. TATLoR, of Guy's Hospital, on the analysis of the dead man's intestines. Dr. TAYLOR received that letter on the 4th, and on the same day he wrote an answer, which he posted with his own hand in King WIlliam-street. Dr. TAYLOR mentioned that in the course of their analysis he and his colleague had not found, in the viscera traces of strychnia, prussic acid, or opium. He added, that it was beyond the reach of his s3ill to determine whether any strychnia had or had not been given just before death, but that tartar emetic might destroy life, if given in repeated doses. Mr. GAnDNER supposed, as he had a perfect right to suppose, that all Imowledge of this communication was confined to tho two physicians and himself. It turned out that the contents had been imparted to IPim, and by PAnsu to the Coroner, in some iBicit manner. Mr. GARDNEpR.S suspicions -were naturaly directed to the Postoffice at Rugeley, and he went there to aaako inquiries of the Postum.ter, Mh. CREssME. This person for some time hesita4ed, but 4 length said,. "The letter was lying open on the:table. I looeled at it,- and saw there .-was no poison "found. I - was so elated 1at I read "that prt of the lettei, .ai told it -b t "C Mr. P ": . Dr. TAYLOR, it -appear-d, had - used a common adhesive enveloie, -which, 3 he positively swore, 'Was w-e1l fastened when he potE the letter. The envelope was also gecurely gumn. med down when delivered to Mr. G"RD-,XP. CEnssnu, according to his own statement, went to P&naW's house with his letters in the morning of the 5th of December, and then commnunicated tohim the contents of Dr. TAsoges note. - As far as' the case against-the Postmasteris concerned it may be taken pro cobfcsso, and hiat person must abide* by the consequences of his misbonduct; but herofoloWs thle strangest part of the story. As soon.x as PALIXEL. had received the information he sent' for a farm servant in his employment,,named BATE, and chairged him -vith three letters for X Stafforl. One was for Mfr. WAUD,. the Coroner,- - anotherfor one Fa&wrz, a desler in game; the.. third we will pass over. Mhe subject-matter of the first is as yet in doubt, but the objct of the second _ was to ordera basket of game, which was to be given
COURT CIRCULAR. His Roy-al Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by the Coant of Endcr, weit out shootixi this morning. the P.ev. Dr. PhflpOott toeok his depCarWtue ingfor Cambridae. 3at0 u-tie et ido ya specoial tratien ofdthe London emL r oute for Brussels. Viscounmt Palmerston returned to London yesterday from St visit to Her Maljesty at Wrindesor Cat°e° yst erde.ro Desptees from tihe G°overneoras othe Cape of Good Eloe, he amia,Siera eoe, nd heGold Coast, were received yesterdtay at the Colonial-office. Deseatchest fr the f GtovernorsofAusitralia and Mata were sent ast eeningfrom he Coonialoffie.
PORTUGAL. LIVERPOOL, J.t. 2L lihe 3linho steamer brings 1isbon letters of the 16th inst. IOar Correspondent writes.- " The weather has again become so very stormy that further damnae is expected to ships navigating off the coast e>! Portngal. Public prayers are ordered to be offered in the churches for a cessation of rain, which bas already produtced mnuch distress. " The Peninmlar and Oriental Company's new steamer Der, with the English mails for Alexandria, expects to get her mactinery made good in time to get awnav from this port *bont the 1sth inst. "_TF.e delay of several mails from Spain, attributed to the state of the roads, has given rise to reports of disturbances in 3ladrid which are held tobc greatly exaggerated. It is even revorted that a republic had been proclaimed, and, although it Is not believed, it is satisfactory to say that the PortuVue-e seem little likely at present to imitate the Spaniards in any political movement li-ely to disturb.the Peninsula. "The English steamer Arabian has just come into port from Alexandria and Matlta for coals, bound for Liverpool, jSnd the French steamer Louise, from Greenock, also for coaLs, goingo to 31arseilles. " An English bark, name as yet nknown, got on shore iis morning below Belem Tower, and has justi been towed <off; all saved, by a Portugutese steamer-of-war. " Foreign Ships-of-War in Port.-Her MIajesty's ship St. Georgc, C:aptain Eyre. French steamers Newton and Gassendi."
WFe have received the foreitLrof yesterday. I aoes not contain any news of interest. The Green Riband of the Order of the Thistle, viacnt by thedeath. of the Marquis of Ailesbury, has been offered to the Duke of Argyll. The Address in the Commons will be moved by the Hon. G. H. C. Byng, M.P. for Tavistock, and geconded by Mr. W. . Baxter, ALP. for Montrose. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first tw-o halves of Bank of Failandnotes, together valuedat 200l., being arrears of income-tax with interest, fronm "; the Hundred of Browtowe." THE 2MIEErInG O'PAxRnAatxir.-Lord Palmerston has isied the following circular to members of the House of Commons understood to be favourable to his Governnmental policy - " Downing-street, Jan. 12. 'Sir,-I have the honour to inform you that the meetig of Parliament having been fixed for Thursday, the 31st of this month, public bisiness of creat importance rilE be brou ht forward without delay after Parliament has net. I beg leave to express myiearnest hope that it m&y he consistent with your convenience to be in attendance in the House of Commons at the 'opering of the session. I have the hononr to be, Sir, your obedient and faithful servant, PAERSTOY " Scmre is every raen to believe that Her 3Iajesty ;wf ipep Padiament m person on the3lst. - TE iATC Sm W. ioLzwoanTr.-Lady Molesworth, replying to an addireis f condolence fram.-the tenantnr or the late SirWVllliam, observes.-"Mfy feeWle pzen can bt inadequtely express all Ifeel-aIi that is due to him who is takenfrroms t iugjBn another, who, from his greatI taknt; amd noble nature, is no mean iudge, has borne testimooy to his sterling worth. L ord Palmerston, in the letter he addressed. to me on the occasion of the satd lblow befalling me, made use of the fol10owing words :-' Eor singleness of mind, Ihonesty of purpose, clearness of judgment, faithfuIness of couduct, courae itn difflculties, and eqaint in success he neverwas srpassed~ and deeply must any nation laent the premature JOkt oE sutch a man; for voids so created are not easily replaced.' SUCh wordj from such a man prore how jutstlythe kind. friends I address have formed their opinion."-LEspreu*.- Tm;g l3osLi EXrLosro?- AX' L}i BRoot.Or,The !nquesi on the bodies of the men, Michael Gannon, Edward Powell, and Williamn Hubbard, who were kIdllcd, by the late esuslesion of a boiler at Iea Brook, Staffordshjre took plhce yesterday before Mr. Hinrhdiffie, coroner. Another man, James Hickman, has died since the adjourn. meat on WRednesday, making five deaths from the accident. 3ifr. Brou5h. a Government inspector of nunes. was present, and questioned the witnesses with a viewv to elicit the cause of the accident. Among the facts it w7as stated by a witness that at the timc when the hoilef ex;ploded there was a pressure of 35Th. per inch upon it, which the witness said ws snnentmra6cinary wteight. The intquiry was not eonQ'.uded alien our report was .ent offC
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES OFFICE, Tuesday .Morml1w. I EXPRESS FROM PARIS. - The following is the letter of our Paris corre. spondeut, dated yesterdSy, 6 p.m. . Now that we are supposed, rightly or wrongly, to be approaching the last stage of our troubles in the Russian question, a desperate effort is being madeto exalt the merits of Prussia; and if you believe her partisans it is to her decision and courage (I !) that we owe the pacific soltution -which, we are told, i3 imminent. It is no doubt true that, at the last moment, when the crisis was believed to be at hand, which Prussia could neither retard nor hasten, her Envoy at St. Petersburg received instructions from his Government to supportbI. F.sterhazy; to desist, in fact, from the support and encouragement he had previouisly given to Russia.. Prussia will try to squeeze herself into the Conferences that will soon be opened; but I doubt that she will succeed. Having said these few words, thefollowing letter fronm Berlin, under date of the 19th inst., will be easily understood:- I wIish to speak to you to-day only about Prussia, and that but in a fewwords, though the subject is not without interest. It cannot be indifferent to you, now that youa have th6 imporant news of the acceptance of the preliminaries of peace by Russia, to know accurately the part that Pmrssia has played in the negotiations which preceded and prepared this important act. That part has not been so anti-Western as many of your journals have descnrbed. At the last moment Prussia assumed a firm tone, and her representative at St. Petersburg supported the Austrian iUltimatli6n. This is certain, whatever yon may have heard to the contrary. Prussia modified her old policy from the moment she entrusted to Count Muanster the delicate mission of which you are alteady aware. During the interval which elapsed between the date of that mission and the King of Prussia's letter to the Emperor Alexander, her policy underwent various and very natural changes, so much so that it was at one time even supposed that Prussia, breaking definitively with the West, was about i to ally herself more closely than ever -with Russia. It was at that moment, that a portion of the English prems spoke fire and flame against Prussia, against her Government, and even against the King. These attacks were not likely to bring over Prussia, and had the intention been to complicato matters, and to fortify Prussia in her Russian tendencics, no better means could have been found. Fortunately, common sense prevailed. If our Government has been hurt at the censures passed on it, it has not allowed that feeling to be seen. It had not recourse to angry recriminations, and it lstened only to moderate and peaceful counsels. In reality, this tardy return to better sentiments, tardy but sure, on the part of Prssia ought not to surprise us. She postponed it as long as possible, and she only decided on adhering to the action of Austria when the irrefragable proof was before her, that the moment had at Last arrived to declare her sentiments. The moment which had come for Russia had also come for Prussia. "The Austrian sd1imatum, which fixed a short date for the definitive rupture of diplomatic relations, left no room for tergiversation. Russia, consulting her interests, accepted isurely and simply the vl4issolaum as preliminary of peace; and Prussia, on her side also, out of regard for her interests, supported the Austrian udtiasatuan. She supported it by the letter of her Sovereign to the Czar, and by the words of her representative at St. Petersburg. " The French Government ought to be satisfied with that co-operation at this decisive moment, all the mere that being so long delayed it must have produced great influence on the decision of the Emperor Alexander. I do not mean to say that the ultinatumn, without the support of the King of Prussia, would act have been accepted by Russia, but it is reasonable to suppose that the Czar, on seeing an ally, a friend hitherto so blindly devoted to him, and so unchangeable in his amity, speak in the same tone as Austria, felt that Germany had ceased to be a protecting barrier between hiis empire andtheWest,andthat thenceforth it was prudent to make concessions, which last year were declared impossible. The co-operation of Prussia has, therefore, a real value, which it would be ungraciouts to lessen. It ought to be acknowledged and appreciated. I cannot say whether it will make you forget all the hesitations that preceded it, but I believe that the Powers wi have due consideration for the difficulties of her situation, and which were rendered still greater by the bonds of relationship. " I repeat, the language held at St. Petersburg by the Representative of Prussia on the arrival of Count Esterhazy was firm and precise. Prussia did -not, it is trme, announco like Austria that she should recall her Ambassador on a certain day if the ultimativa waS not unconditionally accepted; but I learn in an excellent quarter that she caused it to be understood that the rejection of the uUirmatimn might, to use her ovtn words, 'compel her to adopt measures which she should much regret.' " As for xL de Nesselrode, who is clever at discovering secret thoughts under diplomatic forms, the hint was safficient for him. Prussia had never gone so far. The change was for Russia the loss of the last of her dearest and most cherished illtsions; she felt lierself alone, and she had no alteemative but resignation. Thus the wish expressed by the Emperor Napoleon in his appeal to the loyalty of Germany became realized. "And now, will Prussia have her place in the conferences wvich are about to open ? This is the question asked here in aU quarters. I do not venture to answer it." I do not think there is much difficulty in answering that question. It is not likely that a Power which not merely stood aloof from us in our greatest diffictLlties and dangers, but encouraged our enemy, and to a certain extent assisted him, should be admitted to share in the important negotiation because she had received notice from Russia when the moment came to simulate a zeal she never really felt. MIany people believe that the danger which impended over Russia appears to be passing away, though some doubt it. A good deal is said in one or two political circles of the mighty plans which had been matured and which were to have been realized in the nextcampaign. I do not vouch for the accuracy of all, or even a part, of what is said on the subject, though I do think it right to allude to it. Austria, it is affirmed, was to have put her armies in motion, and to have joined us in the field in April next. The day the first answer-the non-acceptance one-of Russia was known, a diplomatic agent of Prussia, then at Vienna, left in hot haste for Berlin, and it was stated, on high authority, that when the delay accorded by Austria to Russia expiredwithoutthe unconditional acceptance, a military convention between Austria, France, and England was to have been signed. An independent kingdom of Poland was to have been erected, composed of Posen (for which the permission of Prussia would not have been asked), Gailicia, and all that part of Poland now held by Russia. At the head of this new State an Austrian Archduke was to be placed, and, in addition to this inducement, Austria was tobe indemnified with the annexation of the Danubian Principalitiesi perhaps with the nonlinal suzeA.aindg of the Sultan.. The Italian Duchies;werest first to have been given to Piedmont, but Lombardy was not to be touched. This, however, Austria would not listen tp;, and she resisted-ny change:whtever i Italy.l The caumpaign, for which- England was well. prepared, was to have comprised the completae destruction of Cronstadt, tha. of the Russian- fleet, and the occupation of the provinces contiguous. We were to avoid repeating the great mistake of the first Napoleon; we would not have penetrated into RCussia, anld our head-quarters for the next winter would have been Waraw. If PRssia still held out, and refused the conditions which smem woultd have entitled us to expect, St. Petersburg would have been taken, Finland restored to Sweden in recompense for. her co-operation, and Runsia 'would be deprived for, an incalculable period of the power to intimidate or attack the weakest State. Such is said to bethe out- liunof the great plaunwith which the year wasto open.' I repeat that I do not guaantee its accuracy, but I should not be surprised if a part of the project was really in contemplation. 'I, as is affirmed, there was more than a fair prospect of sucoess, -one can easily iiaderstand the di&iappoinbtnent felt by those who were determined to finish once for all with the Riissian quetlon. It is said in some quarters that M. de Moray will be the Plenipotentiary for France at the coming Conferences, supposing them to be held abroad. I much doubt the correctness of the statement; it is to be hoped it is not correct. Such a nomination could hardly ho approved. M. de 3forny, it is said, takes no pains to conceal his sentiments respecting England and Englishmen, particularly since the news of the acceptance of the Austrian idtimnt'i4, has been known; andon morethan one occasion he is said to have expressed these sentiments in a manner not very flattering to our Government or our people. M. de Morny is, it appears, desirous of peace at any price; and, if the sentiments attributed to him are reallyentertained byliim, such aPlenipotentiazymust go to his work prejudiced in favour of any solution which arrests the war, and envenomed against the ally of the Sovereig'n he would represent on the occasion. His position at the Court invests hin, in the opinion of the public, with an influence which is doibtlessx saggeratedc; and when he inveighs against the Government still in alliance wvith his country, he is supposed by the ignorant and unreflecting to speak the sentiments of a still higher personage, and much jealousy and suspicion and illwill may be the cons.squence. Of his nomination as Plenipotentiary I doiubt, though it was one of the rumours on the Bour.se and elsewhere. A letter from Kinliurn of the 5th inst. announces the arrival in that fortress of the French General of Artillery Le B(euf. The General had visited the fortifications of the place and the means of defence afforded by the flotilla, and pronounced the plaece to be in a condition to repel successfully any attack of the enemy. According to the report of deserters, an attack was to be made on the 6th. The Russians, they stated, had concentrated 1G,000 or 18,000 men at Oczakoff, and had assembled another corps close to the isthlmus of Kinbourn, so as to attack simultaneously on two points. The first was to cross over on the ice, with 20 pieces of artiUlery, while the other was to attack in front. In the night of the 3d two English armed boats proceeded to reconnoitre the coast of the Isthmu ,, on the Black Sea side, but, after exchanging a few shots with the Cossacks, they returned without having been able to ascertain the position or force of the enemy. In the morning of the 5th, GeneralLe Bceuf proceeded in the MIilan steamer on a reconnaissance in the same direction, but without discovering any large body of troops. On the 4th the Phldgdton explored the coast of Oczakoff, and perceived no hostile movement. The garrison and flotilla, however, were on the qzi tire, and well prepared, and determined to give the assailants a wvarm reception. On the 5th a funeral service was celebrated in honour of Admiral Bruat, on board the Vantour, on which the Superior Commander of the Statiou, M. Paris, had hoisted his flag. The acceptance of the Austrian nIffi:mo,tu by Russia is too recent to have produced as yet any beneficial effect on the trade of Paris, but most sanguine expectatio-as are founded on the consequences of that event by the mercantile classes of that capital. Commission agents seldom renew the,r purchases before the latter end of January, and their importance vill necessarily depend on the result of the negotiations for the re-establishment of peace. The mannfacturers of tissues are busily engaged preparing their patterns for spring, but they have hitherto received few orders. The price of cotton andI woollen cloths has not materially improved, while that of silk continues to increase. The Lyons manufacturers are aetively at worlk, and the American agents have been obliged to extend the delay they had assigned to them for the completion of their orders, which, from the press of labour and want of hands, could not be executed within the stipulated time. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received 1 MARSMEILES, JiNr. 20. "The Jourdain steam packet has just arrived, with news from Constantinople to the 10th. General Bazaine had returned to SebastopoL "The accounts from the Crimea are to the Gth. The cannonade from the northern forts was still kept up. " The wveather continued very cold. "An expedition into Georgia, under General Campbell, was seriously talked of. "General Williams is still at Tiflis." "Z MIASEIMLES, JA?r: 20, EvxmxNG. "The accounts from Constantinople state thatGeneral oouravieff, after having destroyed the advanced works of Ears, bad left a garrisont of 1,000 men in that place, well provisioned, and ordered the main body of his army to march on GusurL "There are at Trehizond a force of 15,000 Turks and Egyptians, the greater part of whom are on their way to the relief of Erzeroum. These troops endure the most severe privations, and more particularly suffer from the bad state of the roads, which are mluch encumbered with saow. "AtRinburn the sea is frozen to adistance oftwoleagues; the gun-boats which are frozen up will, in case of need, act as detached forts round the citadeL " The rnpture of relations between Persia and England is confinned. The Shah declined the mediation of France the moment lie heard of the fall of Ears. The English Minister, on his side, refused to make any concessions, and has left Teheran with all the English Legation. He arrived on the 6th December at Kious, near Mossoul. " The Prince of Servia has dismissed the editor of a Ser. vian journal for having published an article extracted from the Northern Bee of St. Petersburg." The Emperor and Empress yesterday received several foreigners of distinction, who were presented by the Apostolic Nuncio, the Ministers of Austria, Bavaria, Wirtemberg, and Mecklenburg-Schwerin. his Excellency the British Ambassador presentedto their 7Latjesties Sir William, Lady, and the Misses Clay, General DervilIe, and Lieutenant-Colonel Airey. The EmpeTor yesterday gave a private audience to M. Olozaga, the Spanish Minister, recently returned to Paris from Spain. The Moniteur contains a decree for organising the artillery of the Imperial Guard. Instructions have been sent by the Minister of War to the Generalse ommanding military divisions and sub-divisions, for the distribution of the English medal to military men of all ranks who have taken part in th6 campaign of the Crimea, and who are now in France. A decree in the Moniteur fixes the import duty on raw wool and articles composed of wool as follows :-Common in greae, by French vesels from out of Europe, 5f. per 100 kilos; other countries, lOf.; by foreign vessels, 15f.; fine, 10f., 15f., and 20f. respectively; washed, commnon, 10f., 20f., and 25f.; fine, 22f. iOc., 32f. 5Oc., and 37f. 50c;.When imported by land from frontier coun- tries tife duty is'the, same as when brought by, FrenFcl vessels, 'nd. from other countries the tame. as by forein vessels. Thread of pure worted in grease, 321., 56f., and 801. per 100 kilog., according to weight and fuienies; washed, - 40E., 70f., ind 1001.; thread of fine wool and silk, containing at least 85 per cent. of the former, 90f.'; thread of fine wool' and floss silk or other substances containing at least one-ha]f wool, 6..; cloth kreseymeres and similar tiisues, according to weight and fineness, 70f., 105f., and 150f.; light tissues, 60f., 85f., and llM., blanketsand counterpanes, 45f., 55f., and 65f. ; Oriental hosiery, 120., 13f., and 150f. ; woven goods of woolmixed with other substances, according to quality and the proportion of wool, 25f.; 35f., to 90f. The prospect of peace with Russiahasoonsiderably depre'sed our corn market, on'which a strong up. ward movement had manifested itself in the begin. ning of the week. In Paris, as iVll a3 on the principal provincial markets, buyers have -withdrawn, and ,ellers 'in their anxiety to dispose of their stoclc have been compelled to make immediate con_ cessions. Thus in Paris the fall in the price of flour amounted to between 4f. and 5f. per sack of 157 kilogrammes. The supply at the Balle excceds 25,000 metrical quintals, with a tendency to augment still more, which induces bakers to abstain from concluding any bargain on speculation. Little business is doing in wheat. A downward reaction took place in all the country markets on Saturday, but the retrograde movement was not so decided as that of Paris. At Chairtres, however, there was a fall of 2f. per liectolitre. On otherpoints sellers refused to part with their grain on the terms offered by mnilers. Most of the markets were abundantly supplied. On the same day wheat declined 2f. per hectolitre at Marseilles. The price of flour is now oily 5c. above' the assize bf the ldogramme of bread, which the city of Paris maintains at 50oc. Next fortnight it will, in all probability, have fallen below that assize, so as to compensate the city for the inimense sacrifices it has thereby incurred for the last two years, and whlich it would be impossible for it to continue much longer. The 80 economical food kitchens, established at their own expense by the Emperor and Empress, have admirably succeeded. Placed under the direction of the Sisters of Charity, they sell, or rather distribute, food of excellent quality every day, from 9 o'clock a.m. to 4 p.n., to a multitude of indigent consmners. The philanthropic undertaking of M. Delamnarre, known -by the name of " Cheap Life Docks," where every necessary of life maybe had, genuine, umadulterated, and on reasonable terms, has comnmnenced operations under the most favourable auispices. The price of cattle still maintains itself high. There is no change in the wine market at Bercy, and no abatement is anticipated before the period when some idea may be formed with regard to the result of the next v%intage. The Afonitewr publishes the returns of the principal nierchandize imported into France in 1855, together with the Customs duties levied thereon, which amounted to 189,704,690f. Compared with the receipts of 1854, there is an increase in 1855 of 39,117,387f. The salt ta.x produced 35,195,117f., or 1,914,460f. more than in 185. The nmiiber of vessels which entered the French ports in 1835 was 23,016, measuring 3,304,765 tons. Of those vessels, 9,574, measuring 1,247,452 tons, were Frenclh, and 13,442, measuring 2,057,313 tons, were foreign. In the same year, 13,810 vessels, measiuing 2,034,655 tons, cleared out of the French ports, viz., French, 5,756, measuring 934,598 tons; and foreign, 8,054, measuring 1,100,057 tons. The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways:- The Three per Cents. closed to-day at G7f. 70c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; and the new Loan at 68f. 35c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,185f.; Great Northern, 895f.; Strasbiurg, 912f. 50c.; New Shares, 775f..; Paris and Lyons, 1,1 7f. 50c.; Lyons to the MIediterranean, 1,295f.; Western of France, 788f. 75c.; Bordeaux and Cette,. 700f.; Great Central of France, 585f.; Lyons and Geneva, 700Lf; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,432f. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 782f. 50c. Cours Auwhentique.-P1An, Jan. 2L-Cash Pice&s.-- Four-and-a.-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 vyars), 93f. 25c. 5Oc. 94f. 93f. 60c. 50c.; ditto second Loain, 185 (35 per cent. paid), 93f. 75c. 94f. ; ditto Certificates (35 per cent, paid), 93f. 75c. 94f.; Three Per Cents., 67f. 40c. 45c. 50c. 55c. 60c. 50c. 35c.; ditto first Loan of 18S5 (65 per c^nt. paid), .67f. 40,. 60c. c. 0.; ditto second Ioan of 185a (35 per cent. paid), 6Sf. 67f. 9Oc. CM. 10Oc. 25c. 40c. 25c. 10cI15c. 10c. ; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 68f. 67f. 90c. Of. 10c. 25c. 40c; 25c. 10c. 15c. 10c.; Treasury Bonds, 5 per cent. at three montlhs; *Bank of France, 3,250f. ; Credit | Foncier, 53Sf.; ditto Obligations, of 500f., Fouir per Cents., 410f. 412f. 50c. 415f.; ditto Three per Cents., 6Sf.; Credit Mobilier, 1,430!. 1,440f. 1,450f. 1,445f. 1,440f. 1,4^5f. 1,437f. 50c. 1,432f. 50c. 1,435f. 1,432f. 50c. ; Discount Bank, 625f. - Piedmontese Five per Cents., 85f. ; Austrian Five per Cents., 183f.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 9af.f, }eute do Naples (liothschild's), 111 50; Romnans, Sf 83; Spanish Deferred Converted, 22; ditto Interior Debt, 85k-X 36 861. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 87Ac.; throomonths, paper, 24!. 95c. ; money, 24f. 921c. AUSTRIA (rROMI OUR OWN- CORE3SPIONDENT.) VENA, JAX. 18. During the last two days the representatives of the Western Powers have had frequent and prolonged conferences with the Austrian Ministerfor Forei¢n Affairs, and it is known that the following two questions are now under discussion :-On what terms is the armistice to be concluded, and how long is it to last ? 'When and where is the Peace Congress to meet? Naturally no positive information can be given on either subject, but it is believed-as has already been stated-that the armistice Will be concluded on the principle of "u tipossidetis," and last until the end of March or middle of ApriL Either Brussels or Aachen (Aix-laChapelle) is likely to be the seat of the future Peace Congress or Conference. The propositions of the Allies, duly signed by the Russian Government, are already on their way back to Vienna. Nothing has transDired relative to the letter which Count Stackelberg is said to have brought from the Czar to theEmperorFrancis Joseph. P'rinceGortachakoff received the news of the acceptance of the propositions of the Allies while he was at table with Colonel MIanteuffel, who was his guest. The Russian despatch containing the important intelligence did not reach this city until nearly two hours after the arrival of that from Count Valentine Esterhazy. The high finance, which is still in a state of complete inoral intoxication, does not for a moraelit doabt that peace will be concluded before the spring, and nsy quotation of our old adage, "There's many a slip 'twixt cup and lip," was yesterday evening very i;l received. Various observations which have reached my ear during the last four and twenty hours- induce me to believe that Austria is of opinion that Russia has a right to retain all her fortifliedplaceson the differentcoasts of theBlackSea, and if such should prove to be the case] it is feared that a serious difference of opinion will arise between the allies. "Russia," says a very well-informed person, "hasbeen obliged to promiise not to have arsc?wls in the Black Sea; becanse they wouldfupply her wii tiiemeans fagrssion, but her forts are necessary for the defence of her territory." The upper pait of the back of Austrian heads, where the orgaiu of self-esteem is supposed to hie, .must be unusUllyo -developed; for it is here stoutly.maintained that. tie diplomacy of the Imperial. Cabinet has dehe more towards the solution of the Oiental difficulty than the arms of the Western Powers. This overweening conceit is not confined 'to the lowerand middle classes, and therearenenof high standing in ihis city who firmly believe that at the present moment the fate of Europe rests exclusively in the hands of Austria. Severalof the; -daily papers have had leaders written in the spirit to jhichalhision has been made, but the OesterreekAisc7e &7nrespzdemzz displays more tact, as you wll see by the following article,which bears trtue Foreign-office stamp:- "Glad tidings are now circulating throuaghout EuropeI Russia has unconditionally accepted-the propositions of the allies as the basis of the fature negotiations for peace., Loyally offeredl and loyally accepted, we' have a right to hope that they will lead to a peace which shall b lasting and honourable for all parties I. "The moaeration and disinterestedness which the Decemberallieshavenmanifested during the war-which-has not been waged with a view to conquest or from' selfish motives-will doubtless be displrtydaduring the negotiations for a defnitivo peace. We can confiadently say that the lwperiasi Russian Cabinet, which has now so honourably listened to the voice of Austria, will manifest thesame spirit during the future negotiations. !" The fundamental principles are- , "That the Ottoman Empire shall be under the guarantee of :Europeanr international law, and its integrity secured against =ny future menace or danger. The condition of the countries under its protection shaU be satisfactorily settled. All the banks of the Danube (of its different arms) shall be open to the trading world. The security of the rights of the Sultan's Christian subjects shall be confirmed, and that by his own voluntarv and magnanimousmarrangerhents. "By the settlement of such greatand important matters the interests, the peace, and tho welfare of this part of the world will be so furthered that all separate aims and plans will bc frustrated, and even the Emperor Alexander will ba richly rewarded forhis magnanimous resolvoby theblessing of his own nation. " The Austrian may look- with pride upon the part which his fatherland, by its attitude and policy, has taken in recent events." The article, in conclusion, refers to. the co-operation " in principle " which the Federal States are "sure to give" to Austria; but everything connected weith the Bund inspires plain-sailing Englishmen with such, disgust that your readers will probably feel grateful to me for suppressing the para, graph. On the l7th, in the morning, the following despatch was received from Berlin -_ "?russia has employed al1 herinfluence at St. Peersburg in order to bring about peace, and it is to be expected that the Enssian Cabinet will not be deaf to its remonstrances." As it is notorious that the news of the unconditional acceptance of the conditions of peace by the Russian Government was telegraphed to Berlin at 8 o'clock in the evening of the 16th, the foregoing despatch has led to some very caustic remarks on the "2iachhi,xende" (hobbling or halting) policy of Prussia. General Li;ders hasbeen appointed Connnander-inChief of th:e armies in S6uthern Russia and in the Crimea. "PrinceGortschakolffis to have another appointment." In General Lilders the allies will find a verys kilfulandenterprisingcommander, and on reading the forugoing it may perhaps occur to you that wwhen the Russians first crossed thePruth, you learned from me that he was one of the most distinguished officers in the Russian service. My authority was ani Austrian oflicer, now deceased, who often used to say " that Luders was by far the best man of the lot." Many changes have been made in the Austrian army. The Archduke Charles rFerdinand has. been appointed Adlatis to Coumt Wratislaw, the commander of the 1st army, which has its headquarters in this city. Prince Edmund Salhwarzenberg is to be Commander of the 3d Army-Corps, and Count Leiningen, of Constantinopolitan celebrity, is to command the 2d Army-Corps. Prince Edlward Liechtenstein has the 4th Axmy-Corps, and Baron Alemann the 10th. According to a telegraphic despatch received here yesterday, the firman relative to the Kostendje canal, was signed by the Sul-tan on the 11th January. When the Emperor appeared yesterday at the opera he was received with such prolonged applause that he was obliged to rise three several times. It appeared as if the audience wished to express its approbation of the recent policy of the Monarch. The Jesuits have purchased a pretty little castle and estate near Vienna, and are about to establish a seminary. The union of Moldavia andWVallachia into one province is still spoken of. We learn that the rear of Omar Pasha's army, which was under Ferhad Parsha, suffered greatly from the attacls of the Russians while retreating towvards the coast. M%Tajor Stewvat has succeeded General Williams as British Conmmissioner to the Tnrkish Army in Asia M-inor.. Things are progressing more smoothly in Greece, and some of the most dreaded robbers have been taken and executed. _ PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR ow0 COR ESPONDEN-T.) BBl;Ra, L.'r. 20. In spiteof eyeiy disavowalthat has proceeded froim Paris, and even..from Dresden, oin the suibject of Baron von $eebach's mission or journey to St. Petersburg, I think it right to nention the subject again, as being not without interest with reference to the approaching conferences. I have already informed you that he was understood, on his return, to be empowered by the Russian Government to "continue his endeavours for peace in the French capital on the principles already advocated by him at St. Petersburg." He is since then reported to me to have been empowered, in the event of conferences or a congress being brought about, or for the purpose of bringing one about, to make still further concessions than Were contained in Russia's first conditional acceptance. This plan has, however, been frustrated by the peremptory demand of an unconditional acceptance of the five points by Austria, maldng it incumbent on Russia at once, if she would not see the Austrian M1inister leave St. Petersburg, to accept them unconditionally, as far as words go. The result is, however, practically the same: whatever the words may be in which the preliminaries have been accepted, there must be conferences held to settle the adjustment of the details and application of the principles, in which it will be competent to Russia to bring forward new propositions and endeavour to malke them plausible and acceptable. The attitude observed hitherto byRussiatowards theAustrianpropoositions renders ithighlyimprobablethat she intends to saubmit to them in their presentform; and the nat re of the fiftlh demand, containing as it does only the unknown germ of various (officially) uncommunicated demands, is such that Russia cannot have accepted it unconditionally inthefullest sense of the word writhout actually surrendering at discretion. We shall find that Russia on inquiry in Vienna as to the nature of the demands involved in the fifth point, v.w.x% assured by Ausria thatthey wdre "of no great importance." When she ascertains to the contrary, we shall see that Russia has not so unconditionally accepted; she will reply that these demands are not made "in the interests of Europe," and will refuse to enter into any discussion on the subject. The last unconditional acceptance, with the reservation,v wil be found to amount to no more than the conditional refusal -with the subsequent concessions w6uld have been ; the "u nconditional' form of acceptance was merely adopted from the necessity of avoiding the diplomatic breach with Austria, which would have made any further conferences. very. diBicult: the actual result will remain the same in botheases. In a ddition'to the'lespatch formvaided to Prilne, :Gowhakoffi in.Vieiina by. the Russian Cabinet, 'CountEiaeTha 'hwas enabl,ed'to telegraph to hia own Governmint on the 16th inst.. that Count Nesselrode had lianded himan official. memorandumto the effect 'that Prince Gortschakoff was instructed to acempt unconditionaly the Austrian proposals; a preliminary convention, of . which they woiald formn the bases, is to be concluded in Vieniia.' Vienna 'letters, - emanating from good FOullls, mention the unmistakeable willingness of the .Emper'or Niapoleon to accept moderate conditions of peace as having been the influential1 motive at the last moment that induced the Russian Cabinet to .take the decisive step of an uncondito acp ance ; and,.'n wi th tol accept- d conneson . this deonstation -on- the pir of. the' Eperor of the French, the. :probability of Paris* being chosen as the''seat of the I coaferencies ie put forward. . -Whatever the actual issuef may be, the above remarks .will showrthat the mission of Baron Seebach has not been without intention or effect. c 'ount Benckendorf arrived here on Thursa.ay morning, having, like Count, Stack-plberg, been. much detained on the road, and, lie bi to, he was the bearer of despatches- and commnications which had long been suNerseded by the rapidity of the telegraph and 'the urgency of circumstanees. On the previons evening also Prince Labanioff, the Secretary of the Russina LegVation, arived here, brnging d f Petersburg; .nd within an hour of his irrival a courier was despatched back to the Russian capital. Those who profess to know somewhat of the tenour of the various despatches received on these occasions by the Russian Embassy, srate that they by no means favour the idea of an unconditional acceptance of every point that may be -brought forward at peace conferences., It is true hcwever that any sucnl despatches miust have been drawn up previous to the resolution having been taken in St. Petersburg to accept the proposals uncondition0lj. I am of opinion, however, that the use of this latter expression -will make verylittle difference in theactua results. Since the coirier above-mentioned was' despatched, another was sent off on Friday evening, in the person of Herr von Poggenpoul, the Russia;i' officieux contributor to the Nord, and who was to .have been the editor of that. paper if' the Belgian Government would have permitted him to reside in Brussels. SPAIN. (FrOM ounL owN coruinroPUnrs.) I mentioned yesterday that Senors Escosura and. Lujan had accepted the Home office and that oF' Public Works; Senor Arias hria, a deputy for Gallicia, and Presidenite de Sala of the Audieucia Gourt at Seville, has accepted the Ministry of Grace and Justice in place of Senor Fuente Andres, and. these three new Ministers were sworn in last night. The other, departments of the 3TEhiistry remain in the same hands as befoie.'' The members of the Cabinet presented them-' selves in the Cortes this afternoon, and 'the DuXe de la Victoria addressed the Assembly in a short speech, in which he stated that motives of delicacy had induced his colleagues to send in their' resigniations; that the Queen had deigned to acce&j)t those of three of them, and to approve of their successors, and he added someremarksabontthedesire. of tho Cabinettopromote the welfare of the country, &c. ; in short, he intimated that the policyof the :overumient would be the same as before. Senors I;asernaand AlonzoMartinez gave some explanation on' personal matters; and the latter said that he had left theMinistry because he disagreed with his former. colleagues on some points. It is understood that he particularly referred to the outrage committed on the dignity of the Cortes by the National Guards on duty there on the 7th, which he considered ought to have been dealt withl in a more enelrgetic and summary manner, an opinion pretty generally entertained here. The Assembly commenced at the close of yesterday's sittingg, and continued to-day, the discussioin of the report of the committee on the proposals 0of the ropresentvtives of the Credit Mobilier Company. and others for the establishment of an anonymows Company or Bank of Credit, which will, no doubt, be adopted. Another report in favour of a similar scheme, proposed to be carried out by various' Spanish and other' firms established here, W.as read and ordered to be printed. Some journals, both Spanish and, foreign, persist in stating that Lord Howden is on bad terms with. France. I am assured that this statement is withiout foundation. Hi lordship will have -a gcra&tdinner party on the 22d, including 40 guests, the' banquet being entirely 'in honour of the 'Frenbc. Ambassador and Anibassadres, and the day chosen by: themselves. The Committee on the Budget has approved: among various points an item of 5; mnillions of reals, to be paid to the French Govermnent, as indemnity for a vessel unduly captured, the amount being in conformity with the award of the King of Holland, to whose arbitration the matter was referred. The funds have been rather flat to-day. The Three per Cents. were done at 45.1, and, the Deferred at 22.15. THE WAR COTTTL.L.. (nY =0TRaIC TEmaGnAPAL) DOVER, Tu=- v, 6.10 .tr. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, Gleneral della Marmnora, General Airey, Sir Ilarry Jones, Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, and Admiral Dundas, arrived at Dover, on their return fronm theCouncil of War at Paris, in the Admiralty steani yacht Vivid, Captain Smithett, at 5 this morning, and proceed direct to London by the express mail train at 5.36 M." EL;ECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FrOoIe OUR OWN COREMSDO10NrTS.) SOT 3 07IPTON, TuEsDAY Mosua%m. Arived.-Despatch, steamer, from Jersey. Sailed.-Wonder, steamer, for Jersey; Edwa. and Mary, for Jersey; Alliance, steamer, for Havre. The steam transport Severn is leaving the docks for Cork. LIVERPOOL, TuEsDAY Mo1un2=G. Wind E. Arived.-Lavinia, from Cassabianca. Off£-Sappho, from Paraiba. ' - QUEENSTOWN, JAY. 20. 'wiuaE.Sx.E 'Arrived.-Biaeford, from Syra; Robert lVhite-way, from Valparaiso; Sfar, from Caniso; IDuke of Bronze, from Maulmein. HOLYHEAD, J-%u. 21. Wind N.E. Put in.-Europa, from Aicante; Mary Louisa, from Palermo; Flora Deniza, from Pernambuco. DUBLIN, Jay. 2L Wind E.N.E.' A ived.-Admiral G. V. Marden, from 4Assterdam; Avon, from St. John*s, New Brunswick; Invoice, from Marseilles. (BrY suMAnRx 'n% s.) GRAVESEND, TuESDmS, 10.40 Am. Wind N.E.; tide, 1X. hour's flood; weather. cloudy. ' - Arrived, Jan. 21-,Jnion, from Buenos Aytea; -reedom, from Messina; Britannia; from Tavira; Clii1, from Lisbon.. -Sailed..-Ocar, for: Constantinople ;:Boyne, -for MBoinbay. ; : . -: DElaT 'TUEsDAY, 10110 ZA:. ; md N.E. by N., m-oderate. Passed, Jan: 21.-Sir John Easthope, screw steamer, 152 itmsport, from London, £or 4.he' Crimea; Reliance, from London, for Bosto,. 'from London, for Barbados; K ajo'g b :Iondon, for Alg&oLBay; Mangerton,screwsteaumer"' from London, for Limerick' TaIm?, bom:il: - month, for Habirg. : _ -Sailed.-Her ZIajesty'sguboit Banteirenii Fortifude, Adele, Cleopatra, British Empire, Wt. custa, Cornelius Grinnell, City of Mladras, 'with nearly al of the outward bound; Wmn. Wlatson, for Hamburg._ 'STOCK EXCHAONGE., T- 'T nv lxTommm, l >CALO* Consols for Money... . ... ;.. t9 o to - ConsolsforAmcbuiiti3'. 7) ; .. 89M to' ' TurldshFo-ir per Cent.Scrp .. 1 to t
_, - OREIa2NIRLLIGENCE. - F"UgLib" fIWjljoftior thie foliowing appeetrd in our aeoonaedition ~yt~ erdar. ] (rvIov w7R OWNI CORREDPO1D1nr.1 BE -JAT. 19. -The all-engrosing topic here, as doubtless elseViere, is tho approaching peaoe conferences, and j, sorts of conjectures and assumptions are hazarded a to when, where, and undor what circunstances theywill be held. Anything more than aconjecture on any of these points would, however, certainly be pemature, seeirg that the offtial announcement of the RIusian acceptance of theAuatrianproposalsonly at i oennatyesterda. This announcement isproIMbly accompanied by a suggestion on the part of Austri a that a truce should be proclaimed between the armed forces pending the conference? wehich aihe will at the s3ne time invite kiland gan PRrance to attend. The place wvhere may sfely be assumed to be Vienna, as neutral 3rolnd and the capital ofthe qtanmediating Power. SkewQ are persons here so desirous of peace, and so aughine m their c:pectations, as positively, in spit&of all past expenence, to look upon the openSUg'of these peace conferences as though they were peace itself, or necessarily and inevitably leading to St, overlook-ing that already Russia's first grand vbjed - is attained by the Austian Mffinister otlhahnvg left St. Petersburg; while a secocll is in a fair waay of attainment-viz., Uhatof preventing Austria taiing any step further-as yet, and keeping her fixed in her present stoditum. In addition to the sanogune ones, . who, like Charity, "hope-all things and believe all things," there is a aufliciently numerous class of penimists here who have no doubt that Russia will continue to accept everything that may be urged upon her with sufficient emphasis is the three Powers in coalition, but are as certiin that Russia will avail herself of the first ootunlity to violate any and evewy treaty she may feel it imperative on her in the present crisis to con- lude. One reflection at least wil not escape any di&aassionate Englis-hman, that Russia has not yet beena i fficiently beaten (more particularly if looking at the status quo from the Russian point of .vripw) to mnake it imperative on her to conclude a. pete at present on terms dissatisfactory to herWUf;L and, therefore, if she does so, she must be driv.en to it by the consciousness of inward weaknes, which should inpel us to continuo the contest; orelse she is makiing amental reservation, and determining, " on somte fair future day," to evade any treatiei of peace that may be concluded on the pre'sent occasion, and therefore that we should not draw r.daSback fronthe work until its successi put beyondthe power of bad faith to futize it. It will aloo be highly necessary for ourCabinet to have a full atatemient of all the postulates included at present in the loose omnitmn gatherums of the fifth point drawn up and agreed to by the Russian Plenipotentiary, before proceeding to debate and procure the Russian adhesion to those first four points that are ' mainly of Austrian interest; otherwise, should this latter- Power find all its requirements in the first four points fulfilled by Russia, she will be little likely to remain stanch for the vindication of such lagatelles as- may chance to affect somebody eLs' interests in the Baltic. As Russia has not rejected the Austrian proposals the citation that it wvas intended to issue to Prussia, C%lliWig upon her to adopt the five points and to make the continuance of diplomatic relations with Russia dependent on their being accepted, will of course fal to the ground. On the other hand, tht: Cpening of peace conferences may probably cause thie question of Prussia's being invited to participite in them to be mooted. You wil find it atritly consistent with all that I have hitherto rritten yoa on this subject if I state to you my firm belief that this Government wil not only take no steps to procure admission to them, nor accept any invitation to participate in them, if made dependent oni its incurring any obligations or guarantees for the future. At the same time I cannot see what would e gained by her entrance into the common councils, seeing thiat the terms on which it is proposed to snake peace are not consonant with her interests, have not attained her assent in advance, and would Probably meet with but very faint advocacy on her part, if not absolute opposition. When articles of peace have been drawn up and settled and signed it wouId be time enough to invite Prussia's adhesion, as addidgi some small amount of moral validityand securitytthem, but, asI said above, this Government will certainly decline to accept any obligation in connexione with them. It has been bruited here that the Russian reply in acceptance of the Austrian pro. 3zosa stipulated for the admission of Prussia to the peace conferences thence to ensue; not only can I hear nothing in confirmation of this idea, but idil so much that is improbable in it that the report may be cancelled at once and put out of circulation. Just as unfounded is it that P:russia in its representations at St. Petersburg held out, that in case of Russia's refusal it would manke common cause with Austria and bring Germny at her back; all the urgent representations ahe has of late made in the Russian capital (and I ihear thlat as late as the 16th instant the telegraph conveyed one last very stringent appeal) have been entirely disconnected from Austria and the Western Powers, and were dictated by the motives indicated to you. in my letter published in your, Thursday's impression. SPAIN. . .(PROX ouR OWN COl;RsREO1 hKN'r.) -. e M RI>BAD, JAN. 15. Itwas expectedthat the Gazetiewould haveenlightened usto-day onthemsubjectofthene-orrecomposed Cabinet, but it is silent on that matter; the Duke de la Victoria liad conferences yesterday at his own house With various influential deputies, and last night General Infante, Senors Luzuriaga, LaSerna, Luxan, Gonzalez, and Postilla were summoned there and sat till a late hour, and the semi-official organ, the A'acio,e, has the following to-day:- * "The crisis which the Cabinet has been in since Sitarday appears now resolved. t 3 a., the hour at whlch we Mitc- its v3riousof the deputiss of most i-fluence, belongingP to the mrority of the Cortes, have just left the residence of the Dake de la Victoria. The new Cabinet will apparently lie coyposed of persons of great authority, whose names we shall not state, being ignorant as yet whether they will accept the portfolios which have been offered them." The Espana gives the following-list as spoken of Jsut night Ehpartero, President of Council, as before, without a portfolio. O'Donnell, War. Brul, Finance. Anlo7nio Gonzalez, Foreign Afairs. La Serna, Grace and. Justice. Rs&osura, Home De'prnient. Luxan, Public Works.- General Zabala, Marine. Major-General Santa Cruz to go to Cuba witlh the rapk of Lieutenant-General, and the charge of Naval eomnasnder-in-Chief at the Havannah. The'retiring Ministers attend to business as usual, teir feignrtions not having been formally accepted as yet, but it is probable tha't theclday will not pass overwithout something being announced. Senor 1DIoyan6 made an allusion to theMinisteria'crisis yesterdayduringthe discusiionon othe buddget; butSenor Alonso Mlartinez, the expenses of whose departxnent (Public Works) were under discussion, threw mo light on the subject; merely saying that the Miniaters were at their posts, and that there was no danger of public orderbeing disturbed. The meetings at the Congress between the Commiitee on the Tariff-and the Catalan Commissioners contifnuc, the latter-going into details all directed to one point-the necessity, if the Catalan manufactories are to be kept up, -of a great deal more retriction than the Tariff Board and Senor Bruil have proposed, and, in short, against tariff reform altogether ;bult the main thing of interest now is * -M report of the committee after the parties have 3sa :iluly heard. Some of those who came here Jra, eTen home; the cotton tariff is still w4w -dibenson between those remaining and the 4s-itth, the Govemment being further reprepi y Iy-members of the Tariff Board. £.p..i.-Nothinghsbeen smad publicly aboutthe in the Cort( , which have been occupied waihe sew bank law. In the Salade Conferenciaa, 1raWever, it is-Stted as certain that Senor EScosura has accepted the Home Department, and Senor Luxun.tfiatof Publicw orks. oNother appointments lave yet been boisferred. It is exected that Senor Corr.di will be Qifered the post of Spanish Envoy at lisbon, left vacant by Senor Escoauras entering the Ministry. There appears to be no doubt whatever *f General.O'Donnelrs remaining at theWar-office, and Senor Bruil continuing at thi& head of the -$inance Department; the hief difflculty*ithregard $ his doiigYo wshis strong opinion- respecting the xei,mposTtiosi of the Excise duties on prouce, but it js sad that hie lias given ay o.n that point to a ~rain extent. .
I THE ARMY IN THE CRIMEA. (FRON OUR OWIN OORRESPOHDE. CAMP BEFORBE SEBASTOPOIL J". 6. Yesterday was a model of a fine winter's day. The long icicles that fringed the eaves of the huts glittered inthebrightsun, the rays of whichtemperedasharp frost. It was the very day for pedestrians, and, not. withstanding that tho snow lay a foot deep on the ground, numerous walking parties were out, officera' ponies getting an unaccustomed holyday. Groups of younggentlemen,armedwith fowlingpieces andre. volvers, were seen saUying forth in pursuit of imaginary game, and returmnng with empty bags, having been, gratified by the distant view of a flock of bustards, by an overhead prospect of a flight of wild geese, or by a glimpse of a remote hare contemptuously observing them. It was a fatal day for the sparrows and larks, and, despite of standing orders, there was much popping of old Russian muskets and other futile firearms al about the camp. The Russians took advantage of the fine weather to hold a review of a large mass of infantry on the heights above Inkermann; and the LightDivision, having no foe to combat, divideditself intotwo brigades, and had afuriou3battle with snowballs. The engagement was hardly (not hotly) contested,and,althoughnobloodwas shed,l4officers and alarge number of men were made prisoners, and released only upon payment of a ransom of half-a-crown each officer and one penny each man. At night the cold increased, and this morning it is very severe. There is no wind, so we feel it the les, but still it is tolerably intense. Early ablutions were a struggle with nmasses of ice and towels stiff as boards, and which needed thawing ere they could be used. The water froze in the basin as one washed, and there is now at my chimney-corner a pail of water which has been there for some hours without becomiing entirely liquid. This weather, however, sharp though it be in such imperfect dwellings as most of those here, is far preferable to rain and mud, which constitateespecially when wind accompanies them-the se plus uZera of wretchedness in the Crimean camp. It is better, too, for the health of the army. We of course have some cases of frostbite (most of them trifling), and Ihear of a death having occurred in a tent, but I believe that, in many of such cases, the cold alone is not to blame, but often the intemperance of the sufferers. At the same time, a tent is unquestionably a very insufficient protection against such weather as this. The men of the Land Transport Corps are, from the nature of their duties, some of the chief sufferers from frostbite, their hands being much exposed to cold in harnessing, and unharnessing, and their feet to the frost and snow in their rides to and fro for stores. Sleeping in tents gives a great many men colds; these they often neglect or are unable to attend to properly, and hence spring bad catarrhs, pneumonia, and other diseases of the same class. The cold weather has not yet lasted long enough forus to judge of its effect upon the general health of the a=my, but the men are so well fed and in such fine spirits that it is to be hoped, notwithstanding canvass coverings, there wil be no serious increase of disease to record. At present the sanitary state of the army is most satisfactory. By an error of calculation, I stated in my last letter the amount of sickness as about 10 per cent. It does not exceed 6-i, or, at most, 7 per cent. There are particular corps which are less healthy; thus, for instance, in one division of the Army Works Corps there is considerable sickness; the other is healthy. The difference between this year and last is very striking. To take the Light Division, as an example; it is about 6,500 strong, and has 433 sick, no cholera, and but a small proportion of serious cases. In December, 1854, there were 258 deaths in that division; in December, 1855, there were only eight, and three of those were from wounds. Of course the absence of trench duty'goez fora good deal in thisenormous difference, but not a little of it is also to be attributed to the shelter, warm clothing, and good food the army now enjoys. JAN-. 7. A Greek has been for three days in confinement at head quarters on strong suspicion of being a spy. He was sent away from Karanyi last August, and warned not to come back. He lately returned to the Crimea with a French passport, but instead of remaining in the Frenchlines went to Karanyi. He is to receive 25 lashes, and be sent home to his own country, with due notice that if he shows himself here again he will be hung. There has been considerable excitement during the past week among the masters and officerm of transports in Balaklava harbour on account of the Eecond officer of the Star of the South, a large steam transport of 1,800 tons, having been flogged by the Provost-MarshaL It appears that he was taken to the guardhouse on Sunday night last by a policeman, who ebat-ged him with being drunk. He had resisted capture, and his clothes were torn and soiled in the struggle. The next morning Captain Frayne, of the Star of the South, and Captain Champion, of Her MIajesty's steam transport Melbourne, went to the guardhouse to intercede for him, and to request he might have a hearing, as he denied having been drunk, aud said he could produce witnesses to prove his sobriety when taken up. Their efforts, however, were in vain, and hereceived 18 lashes; and one of the two transport captains having been overheard bya soldier to remark to his companion that this was brutal treatment, he was threatened with the like if he did not go on board his ship. A complaint was made to Admiral Fremantle, and some correspondence has taken place on the subject between the naval and miltary authorities and Captains Champion and Frayne, who, as highly respectable men, holding very responsible situations, and well known to and esteemed by many officers out here, natirally feel aggrieved by the menace of a disgraceful punishment. The second mate's friends deny that he was drunk. It appears that he stutters, which may have contributedto a mistake as to his state. However, whether drunk or sober, his case is a hard one, for, besides the lashes, he loses his situation, which he at once gave up, feeling himself disgraced and that lhe could not in future expect respect from the crew. The office of Provost-MIarshal in Balaklava is an arduous one, and the officer who now fulfils its duties does so, T have been assured, in an efficient and satisfactory manner. Without severe measures it would be impossible to maintain order among the motley floating population of Balaklava. In the above case; if the mate was drank, the Piov3stIMarshal did nt exceed his duty, although perhaps a preiinry investigtion migt have been allowed when asked for bythe prisoner's owncaptain, who wasreadyto speak to his subordinate's good conduct during many months that he had been under his command. I believe the correspondence I have referred to is not yet brought to a close, but I think it unlikely, from obvious reasons, that it will lead to anything. The Wffair is to be regretted, especially if it should result (asit is to-be hoped it wil not) in a bad feeling on the part of the transport service towards the offlcers of the arny. There arefewniEtarymeninthcCrimea but have beenfrequentlyon board transports, and indebted for many little acts of attention ma idndness to their captains and officers. The Star of the South and the Melbourne have been long out here; and long commanded by their present captains. Mr. Doyne, chief superintendent of the Armv Works Corpe, goes to Engiand this 'week, to urge upon the Government the necessity of a different organizatioh of that useful establishment. Ii isconsidered-desirable, I undertAnd, both byGieierai Codrington and 3r. Doyne that, before aiotheir campaign opens, a greater- control shoucld be- established over the corps than is aforded by the agree.- ments the officers and men have signed, and which do not bring them under the action of military law. There is consequently no sufficient check on them in- cae of insubordination, and the want of power of restraining and punishing them might prove not only inconvenient but perilous, should they be called upon to march with the army in the JA. 8. To-day we havo a gale from the south. The snow is rapidly melting away from the plateau, and the ground is in the transition state from the dry and crisp to the deep and muddy. To-day it is simply sloppy; to-morrow-unless another shift of wind brings back the frost-it will doubtless be in that agreeably tenacious state so often described, but the abominations of which mock the most vivid description. The bal de l'Qpira, once so celebrated, finds rivals in the Crimea. Lithographed tickets surmounted by a group of officers and ladies in brilliant costumes and graceful attitudes, were yesterday current in the camp, price 10f. each, for a bat pare et coStura to be held at the French vilage of Little Eamiesch, on the Woronzoff-road. Notwithstanding the dark night and the deep snow, and the various drains, pitfalls, and other perils scattered about the camp, the attendance both of French and English officers was very numerous. Unforitnately, the fair sex formed but a small proportion of the throng. Up to a late hour there were but two ladies present. Between vivendi*res and shopkeepers, I believe that the figure of eight was at last attained, but there the influx of beauty stopped. Nevertheless, the fun was kept up till an advanced hour this morning. There was great cordiality between the French and English officers; three cheers were given for the Emperor, and as many for the Empress, and responded to by three for the Queen. The national airs of France and England were played and sung, and the consumption of an effervescing liquid, dig. nified by the name of "champagne," was considerable. The band of the 35th FrenchRegiment was in attendance, and the music excellent. I have received letters from Kertch up to the 4th inst. Nothing note-worthy had occurred since the cavalry skirmish in which Captain Sherwood lost his life. The severe frost which set in on the night of the 17th of December lasted up to the 3d inst., when there was a slight thaw. The Contingent and other troops were well supplied with warm clothing, and set the cold at defiance. The Turks were contented, well-behaved, and in excellent health. I lately saw, by the by, in a London newspaper some very gross misstatements respecting the Contingent, which my information, derived from various sources, enables me to contradict. The troops were said to be still under canvass when the snow set in. The truth is, that they were hutted almost immediately on arrival, and long before the snow commenced. Rape, robbery, and plunder were said to be the order of the day, and what remains of Kertch was represented to be in rapid process of destruction at the hands of General Vivian's soldiery. These assertions are completely false. One of that General's first acts on arrival was to put a stop to spoliation. The account of Major Guernsey's affair is also incorrect. The facts of that unpleasant business were as follows :-Major Guernsey was Provost-Marshal; he saw three men coming out of a house with empty bottles, and, without inquiry, attempted to take them prisoners. Two escaped; the third he captured, and flogged him without further investigation. Flogging him at all was contrary to the express agreement with the Turkish Government, by which it is stipulated that the Turks shall be punished by their own laws and customs (much more severe, by the way, than those of the British service.) The Turk shouted, " Help to a Mussalman l" The cry was promptly responded to, and Major Guernsey 'would have been, probably, murdered had not assistance come. It was for his conduct in this affair that he was sent home. Captain Hall, of the navy, is also dragged in for censure, and accused of riding Government horses. The horses Captain Hal rides are his own. General Vivianns staff is said to be inefficient, and to have been selected merely because the officers composing it belonged to the Madras Presidency-General Vivian's old presidency. On the General's personal staff there is no Madras officer. On the Head-quarter's staff there are four Madras officers, three Queen's officers, one Bengal officer, and the highest posts are filled by the Queen's officers--General MIichel, C.B., who is Chief of the Staff; ColonelGraham, Mtilitary Secretary; and Colonel Morris, C.B., Deputy-Quartermaster-GeneraL I have not time, nor would it be worth while, to dissect minutely and disprove the misstatements and distortions of truth of which the letter in question is composed. They are so numerous and systematic as to give the letter, which is entirely unworthy of consideration, the appearance of having been wuitten by some disappointed or dismissed officer.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TES. Sir,-We have all read in the papers lately how a court' martial has been held on a second imaster of pur fleet in the Black Sea for cowardice before the enemy; how he was by the court-martial sentenced to death; and how that punishment has been mercifully commuted into transportation for ife... lZot many months ago, we all read how a young man of high rank, bearing a commission in a Highland regiment, had objected to take his tour of duty under fire in the trenches; how he was not brought to a court-martial, but vas allowed quietly to sell ouLt. Whether he had been guilty of cowaidice or not is still a moot point, on which I should be-very sorry to pass an opinion; but he certainly had leen guilty of conduct which was considered to render him nmworthy of bearing the Queen!s commission any longer. I am of opinion that in such Tare cases it is far better merely to turn the delinquents adrift, without any other punishment save that social damnation which their guilt entails upon them; but I thinkl it is but right to bring these two cases into contrast, -when we find the oommon fellow visited by the Admiralty with the punishment awarded to many convicted murderers for precisely the same kind of crime which the Horse Guards overlooks in the Earl's son, on the not unwelcome condition that he shall cease to be a soldier. Surely some of our legislators will step forward when Parliament meets, and plead more forcibly than I can do for this poor second master. Pray, Sir, in-the name of fair play and humanity look to this. - I am, Sir, your obedient servant, IL..IJUSTICE TO ALL CLASSES.
JEN1;T ;Lp Aw-D Tm WOF.rXG MEN Op LTvimroo]U--short ne ag,''dunngfi her recent visit to L'ver- ,the working men of .this toigt go 'a memoriaf to gia ue~ Gwoolr4chmaidt Tennyul ind), ubahicl, after express: in-g. their. high admirationof her great talents, ana -the pleasure they 'woild ex eience' i he rig them exeseised' theypodeutths o1ingtothe necessari, high prices' ch rged for admission to her concerts, none ot the working classescouldenj6r the'invilege of being deiihted, like their rtcher bretaren,by her wonderfu oala -They beg edher, therefore to-consent to gve a concert for the wordg classes solely, it -prices which would not debar the most' humble- from' parcipatiag-in the rich treat of' heiring her iheaven.- "nI voice; andl they respectfully nugesteA, in case of heragprovyl of their.request, that 'tfie entertainment'shoild-tce -place ins the Concert-hsjl,% Uord Nelson-stireet, as being the peculiar locaZp of the cheap *Ad:popular conoers in this town. The memorial was duly presented, and the fair cantarice h-as, with her usual good nature, accorded the'b6on-asked liut conditionally on;' esisbes ig,talken to secue theadmission to the concert of members of the-wvrking,classes only. Madame Lind lsO intimatea an-objection-to ting at the Lord -Nelson-street Lhal and suggested that St. George's-hall might easily -bea ;o edaforthe purpose. .She also expressed a desire that price of admission should rot-'be lower-than 2s.-6d1Tksarageen; t svaiis~in c6uise cf being car~riedi out, .Am thr,e concert will prohablytake plce in a week or two at St. George's-ha- -It'i,tto be ho that those who are not really of the "-working cIassed, 'will have too mnuch good~ tastufand proper feelin to attempt to take advantage of Mahfdame Goldschmsidt's Isindness, to the e.xclusion of tliose -for whomlt i'erygeneruusly intesidad.-Idrcrj,oo; J'ournc.L
- . STATE OF- TURKEY. (PROX OUR OWN COLUMSrONDMM I : CO)OTANTINOPLE, JAN; lO. The storm which threatened Omar Pasha seems to be blowing over. Up to last week, wherever one went nothing was to be heard but wailing over the fall of Kars, and a burst of indignation at the supineness, want of srlll, and even sincerity of the Generalissimo. However freespoken the Turkish people in general may be, their officials cannot be accused of want of discretion. The suddenrise and fall of political influences teach them caution, and, whatever may be their private opinion, they never, express it, unless they are sure not to be compromised by it. This general expres. sion of discontent was, therefore, an infalible barometer, indicating that a storm was brewing against the Sirdar Ekrem in the highest quarter, and that his disgrace was more or less afait accompli. The sending of aIlim Pasha, known not to be too partal to him, to Baeoum to make an inquiry into the state of things there, the councils of war, which showed their disapproval of the plan of Omiar Pasha's operations by adopting a new one, and the committee of inquiry formed for the affiairs of Anatolia in general,-all these circumstances told the same tale. Besides all these, signs of Omar Pasha's approaching, or rather decided disgrace, were evident already at a time when we were still uncertain whether he would not reach Kutais, and thus secure a base of operations towards the interior of the Transcaucasian provmces for next year. Since last week a change has come over this dark cloud which threatened to obscure the Sirdar Ekrem's political fortunes in Turkey. The faces of the Turkish officials have assumed again their stereotyped placid expression, and they have found that Omar Pasha was not so much to blame, after all; the committee of inquiry, which was no secret before, was denied,-at least every one pleaded ignorance of it; all the confidelntial insinuations about the Generalissimo's recall suddenly ceased, and the whole intention of laying open the secrets of the fall of Kars seemed entirely forgotten. Yet all this change was made with such a bad grace that there could be no doubt of its having been the consequence of pressure from without, and not th" of a conviction acquired by a better knowledge of facts. As the change took place just after the arrival of the two British commissioners, civil and military, who had accompanied Omar Pasha's aimy into Mingrelia, it was natural to suppose that this arival wam connected with it, especiay as it was well-known that Colonel Simmonds, the military commissioner, having taken a prominent part inthe direction of the military operations, was inclined to represent them under the most favourable light. But, in order not to jump to an unwarranted conclusionrabout the nature of the influence exerted, I must say a few words upon the foreign influence in Turkey, which is so often misrepresented in Europe. Since first the intricate question of Turkish politics attracted the attention of Europe we have heard of nothing else but English, French, or Russian influence. Such a Turkish official was the humble servant of such a foreign Minister; such another wished to uphold himself by the influence of such an Ambassador; such another was sold to such a Court, and political combinations and speculations were based on these premises, which turned out true or false as the case might be. All this time it was assumed that political influence in Turkey was nothing else but a stake played for by the Aiubassadors of the great Powers, who were thus represented as the promoters of every step taken in the maze of Turkish politics. The fact of the matter was, that we looked through our own medium, and entirely ignored the quiet, but powerful action, of native influences, beeause we could not see them so plainly. And yet it is -these- influences which must account for most of the fanciful eddies in the turinid stream of Turkish politics.' Foreign influence certainly does exert itself, and, owing to the peculiar position of Turkey since the beginning of the war, it has in some cases, for instance in the question of the occupation of the Principalities by Austria, imposed itself in spite of the opposition of all native influences; but, as a general rule, even at the present moment, it does not exist independently, but only as far as it allies itself with one or the other of the indigenous powers which strive for supremacy in the Turkish Government. These native influences are three-the court, the civil, and the military government. I don't count what is usually spoken of as the old Turkish party. Such a party, exerting political influence, does not exist. It is one of the many bagbears on whose shoulders, of unknown breadth, it is often convenient to heap a goodly lot of peccadilloes and disappointments. With the exception of a very few white or green turbaned old gentlemen, from whom it would be rather too much to expect a change of views which they have entertained for more than half a century, everybody sees and feels that changes are required, and must be made, or else the whole structure will fall to pieces. But a difference exists between the discretion of these reformers as it is understood in Europe and in Turkey. Europe wants to make a fac-sirnileof itself in the East, whereas here there is a desire to modify Western ideas. according to the Eastern character and the existing differences. In one word, Europe wants to proceed in the reforms theoretically,-the Turks historically. This difference of opinion is the origin of what is caUled the old Tnrkish party, but it is wrong to callita party, because it comprises the whole nation, without, perhaps, any exception. Thereremain, therefore, onlythreeinfluenceswhich exert- themselves actively in the course of Turkish politics. They are the influences which make themselves felt in every State, as they are inherent in the nature of every Government. Naturally in a despotic State like Turkey the Court influence, if exercised cleverly, will always more or less carry the day., The strict line of demarcation which has been drawn since the reforms of Sultan Mahmoud between civil and military power in Turkey has, on the other hand, favoured the development of a contrast between - the two. It is in this contrast that what' may be called politicall Efe in Turkey comes into play. Each of the two parties, civil and military, tries to win the ear of the Sovereign through 'the' influence; of the third party, and the seeonda,influeice of the foreign Powers. A look-at, the leaders' of the two rival influences will show the truth of this statement plainer than any'thing else,-Eedsahid and .Aii YPasba are on one siae; Chonsw, Rim, .and3I ehemed Alf Pasha on .the other; When the -ideas of the -former were upported by the RVestern Powers the latter sought help in Russiau influence;and before the war the position ` V55 clearly' enough defined,-the civil government of lTurkey -represented by Redschid *Pasha, , -alliedl.'with. the ' Westerte Powers, and the 1itary gove,r,ent .r.epresented by Riza Pasha, sUpported by',Russia. -Since.the be ng of the Wr the, withdrawal of-Russianinfluence and the mpometrtary sacrifice of individual interests to the dignity of the empir- thiew the parties into confusion, out of which-they are. now beginning to emerge. The influence- of the VQurt party comes now more and more into- play, and-it is through this that1 the ri7val partiesstrive ±6 carry their point. The iste obect taed in-this directionis 'the uiion- of-the thrc militr depaitments-the Seraskierat, the Ordnan.cc,and the lfavy-iu. tlhc ah~idaof' iixenmof ftie sameobpiniois-and'nterests. The fall oEf a ssas a good opportIuit for a trial of strength.. The question waswho should bear the blame-OmarPasha, -or the Government, fornot having supplied him-'with-the means to insure suecess. -- f the former was decided, the Government would have its own man at the head of the best pait of the army; if the second; there was a chance of getting, the Seraskierate. out of the hands of Mebhed Ruschdi Pasha and giving it to llehmed Ali or one of his allies. -Untilnow neitherone northeotherpartyhas gainea its objecti thoroughly; Omar Pasha remains and Mehmed Ruschdi Pasha remains. The inquiry is huashed-Eismet, tho allies, the weather, and who knows *ho else, are responsible for tho fall of Kars, but it is very likely some of the smaller culpable3 will be seized upon and suffer for all. Europe will not be much wiser, and thingawillgo on pretty much in tho same way as before. And yet Europe has the right to know who are the guilty. The question concerns not only Kars and its heroic defenders,-if is one concerning the whole management of the Eastern war. What is the use of gaining victories on one side if we are exposed on the other by a mismanagement which is hushed up like a famrily concern ? It is at the same time nothing but fair to the individuals who were implcated in this t6nsaction that such questions should be asked as " Who prevented the Turkish Contingent from being sent to Asia?" "Whose fault was it that Kars was unprovided, or that the diversion in Mingrelia had so little success?" The re-assembling of Parliunent will, it must be hoped, bring forward explanations on this dark subject. In the meantime it will perhaps be of interest to your readers if the subject be a little sifted from the sources which are accessible to a correspondent. First of all as regards the Turkish Contingent,a subject which yoiu took up in one of your leaders lately. The facts, as far as I could ascertain them, are as follows General Williams's letters about the wretched state in which Kars and in general the defences on the Anatolian frontiers were found left no doubt that the invested town could not hold out or repulse single-handed the Russian army. Lord Stratford proposed, therefore, to GeneralVivianthat he should go there with the Contingent. The General wiUingly acceded to the proposition, anxious, as he was, to show by a success that the task which he had undertaken-the formation of the Turkish Contingent-was feasible; but before he could make any arrangements it was necessary to have some knowledge of the ground on which he was to operate; he sent, therefore, General Smith, late of the Bashi-Bazouks, to look at it. The report of this latter was that with the force which the Contingent then numbered,-namely, 8,000 men or so, -no successful diversion for the relief of Kars could be made. General Vivian therefore applied to Lord Stratford to have the number of the Contingent raised to 10,000 men, and said that then he was ready to undertake the task. The Turkish Government, to whom the proposition was submitted, made some difficulties about the completion of the Contingent, but expressed its readiness to place other troops under the command of General Vivian, or any other General, so as to make up the number to 35,000 or 40,000 men. This proposition was likewise accepted by Lord Stratford and General Vivian; the proposal was sent home, and repeatedly urged, but the answer of the English Government arived, which was to stop all proceedings in the matter. Through what influence this answer was returned we don't know here, but that it was the English Government from whom the refusal proceeded I believe to be a fact. Another question which has been mooted in consequence of the fall of Kars and the ill-success of Omar Pasha's expedition in Mingrelia is the working of the Loan Commission. If Omar's army was ill-provided, why did the commission not overlook formalities and supply the sinews of war ? The commission arrived here in the beginning of September, but the money did not arrive until about a month later. Nevertheless, the commission set at once to work to establish, in concert with the Ambassadors of Frauce and England, the basis of their control; it was impossible to give money for the expenditure of which they were responsible without some preliminary arrangements about the nature of the control they were called upon to exercise. Besides, the Turkish Government made no application to them for money until much later, -at any rate, too late for the relief of Kars. In order to establish the nature of their control, a project was given in by the two commissioners, with the approval of the two Embassies. This project elicited a counter-project from the Turkish Government; this latter again a counter-project from the commission. All this would have been done, however, in a few days had it not been for the Turkish official slowness, which put off the thing from day to day, and thus several weeks were lost. The propositions of the commission were-first, that a kind of statement of the finances should be given in order to know what the resources of the country were able to bear without foreign aid; secondly, that a kind of voucher should be given to show that the money had been really paid; and, thirdly, that all the principal contracts should be brought to the knowledge of the commission before they were concluded. The stumblingblocks were the two last conditions. To the first of these it was- objected that it was not the asage in Turkisll affairs to have any vouchers, whichit is notdifficultto believe. The point, however, has been more or less settled by the declaration that'the commission would be satisfied with any vouchers which the Turkish Government could give. The last point is at this moment unsettled, and yet it is, of no small importance, as you will best see by an rexample. There is an unwieldy threedeckerinthearsenalcalled the Mahmondie, which the Ministry of Marine, in its budget, whichit submittedto the commission, proposes to have converted into a screw liner, at I don't know how many thousand purses of expense, to be paid out of the loan. Now, besides that we know by experience the converting even of very good sailing men-of-war into screw steamers is a very hazardous experiment, it is not so much screw line-of-battle ships as transport power wvhich is required from the Turkish navy at the present moment, when the greater part of the Russian Black Sea fleet lies at the bottom of the harbouir of Sebastopol. This will show how necessary'tis to put acheck on-the fancies of a Turlish Mnister who is ment u6pon sining mn his depart- ment. It is especially the 3inistry of Marine which. seems to indnlge'in'th n:and it is very lkely due to; !this 'circumskmice ', 1hai the -Govermnent of Cistantiz'ople -has- 'aetennimid to keep' the ac-' counts- of: each; Miistry separte, whereas until nowr it ras" the Ministry: of 'inance :which was chaiged with all of them. In spite of these difflculties, whi ch are still pending, the conmission- has taien upon itself, without any materl ' guaan in its - hands, to pay the Turkish Ioveriient iearly 'a milion of 'money, 361 'tiat, with the- 600,000. which tho Rothachilds advan6ed, they have got ,500,0001. -It would be thus scarcely fur to charge -the Loan- Commnisson .withu'nwlliTnigesF to iimterpitliberalytheiinsttuea' 'tions 'but, at the same -time, they are responsible forth&expenditure of- the'money, and cannot run bindlyj into it.- - - Onthe other hand, we;ust not-e to hardupon -the Tiifks. It ls their first step im fiuancial trans'iectionsbf :i Euiropean character. They are asked to * give a statement of their expenditure since the be ginng of the wrar t hrzy give it. I sent you an --extractof-it some time-xgo. It-is; I -think,-zotbad for begiimers. - - I hive 'seen since thei some of the enclo- 5 which ase, of course, too -voluminousto have genera1--3 interest.' 1 therefore-call your attention only to' tho fiist, which is given by the 1inistry of Finanoe, - and is said to contain the general aocounts. From n the wording one -wold- conclude that This genera!: statement comprises the expenditure of an the de- partients. But this isniottihocase, as I knoir, sinco - I have seen the enclosure. -It confines itaelfto:t'oeme- penditure of the War, 'Navy, and Ordnnce IDe- -. partments. It is impossible to judge what the internal resources of Tlkey are able to bear '- until we know what the other departments absorb, and whether part of'tlis expenditur6 cainot be applied to the' purposea of war, or* othier internal - resources created; but for the moment all awe must expect is that the proce of the loan should be -, applied exclusively to the purposes of war. Letters from Trebizonde speak of the continued arfival of Turkishtroops, especiallyEgyptias, from i Eupatoria. They are destined for Erzeroum, but : the communication isjustnowimpassablefortroops, and they willprobably have to remain hiTrebizonde until the weather changes a little. The accounts - from the interior speak of caravans dispersed by snotstorms and of wanderers lost in the drifts. Mr. turray is said to have' pass-ed the Persian frontier on his way- to ossouL. All attempts at mediation made by M. Bour&e, the French Ambaasador, failed. The Persians are anxious to bring their ea-usa from their own point of view before tho ' British Government. Having no Ambassador in - London, they submitted their whole correspondence to Lord Stratford, to have it sent home to his Go - vernment. They are said, at the same time, to -have asked for the mediation of the Turkish Government; but this is an on dit which cannot be impliitly believed. That they ame anxous to have the difficulty arranged as soon as possible can, however, scarcely be doubted. One of the most curious features in this affair is that the Persians look upon it as a personal quarrel with Mr. Murray, which does not affect their relations with the British Government. The Gazdte of Teheran has a paragraph in this respect, in which it distinctly states that this lamentable quarrel will not at all affect the strict neutrality which the Persian Government has hitherto observed on the Eastern question.
PEERAGES FOR LFE. TO TME EDITOR OF TIE T S. Sir,-Alost of your readers have, no doubt, observed in the Gazette the announcement that the Queen has been pleased to raise the Right Hon. Sir James Parke to the dignity of a baron of the united kingdom, for the term of his natural life, by the style of Baron Wensleydale. The unusual wording of thispatent, though it haa as yet attracted but little attention, betokens an important novelty in the exercise of the Queen's preroI gative. It is, in fact, the creation of a peerage for ife, vthut as hitherto, a remainder to the heirs maleof ebodr. The dignityfwill therefore become extfinct on the death of Lord Wensleydale, in the event even of his leaving male issue. There can be no doubt that in thus limiting the dignity Her Mlajesty has only exercised her prerogative according to precedent, though we have to lookbaack many centuries for sucha-precedent. Lord Coke says that the Kin may create a man or woman noble for life, but not for years, because it might go to executers or administrators; and he gives as an instance thlat Richard IL created Robert de 'Vere MIarquis of Dablin for Efe. Again, Henry IV. created Thomas Beaufort, Earl of Dorset, Duke of Exeter without any limitation, from which Dugdale concludes that he was only tenant for life of that dignity. Henry VI. created Sir John Cornw.all, wvho wvas marred to one of the Plantagenets, Baron Fannop for life; and in Later times James L. created Lady larvret Compton, vwho was mother of Buckingham, Countess of 33uckingham for her life. In more recent times there are several instances of dignities granted to a person for life with a remainder over; the latest, I believe, is that of the Marquis of Londouderry, who wascreated Earl Vane for life, -with remainder to the issue of his second wife. Of the law on the subject, therefore, there can be no doubt. To a man of Lord 'Wensleydale's age, and without a son to inherit the title, it can signify little w hether the peerage be granted to him in the usual manner ornot,forthe probabilitieswouldbestrongly in favour of itS being extinct in any case; but, viewed as a precedent, this creation may assumr. a far more mportant aspect, and I therefore presume that it is not without mature deliberation that Her Majesty's Ministers have recommended to her this exercise of her prerogative. In the event of the precedent being followed up it is worth while to consider what will be its effect on the augnst body which it relates to. The hereditary transmission of dignities has hitherto been considered one of the dearest privileges of the House of Peers, and 'will, doubtless, not be discontinued in future creations without a remonstrance from that body. It is at once coeval with and the excuse for primogeniture and all those family arrangements by which the wealth of the family is centered in the eldest son. Indeed, property is an essential qualhfication to an hereditary Upper House, and so much so that no one can doubt that the flouse of Lords would cease to exist if its members were to lose their reputation for wealth, and the influence whichthey derive from it. In feudal times this was a matter of more importance even than now, and dignities were not merely personal distinctions, but annexed to lands, so that in parting with the lands the feudal baron parted with the dignities that appertained to them. Thus we read of a certinn Brian Baron FitzCount, in the year 1141, whose two sons being lepers, and he and his wife betaking themselves to a religious course of life, the king seized on his barony, and thereby extinguished the dignity; and, again, an unfortunate Duke of Bedford was deprived of his title in Henry VIL's time on account of his poverty. But, as these modes of extingnlishiingpeerageshave faDieninto abeyance, there arises this difficulty-thiat, in creating a peer, the country must either give an apanage suitable to the title, as it has in many cases done, or else its choice must be limited either to men of forttue large enough to endow a peerage for their successor, or to men who are not likely, from the circumstances of their age, to leaveanheirto the title. Henceforward there need be no such difficulty, and the only danger I can foreseetotheHouse of Peers is that the peers for life-of wvhom, necessarily, a largrer number may be appointed-will be considered the more honourable and influentiali part of the House by all who do not think that qualities of mind are heredlitary as well as rank and wealth. It may perhaps result that it will be necessary for the House to invent some mode of weeding itself of some of its more useless members-its imnb.cilles and mw7vais suFjefs-by treating them, it maybe, in the same way that the Irish and Scotch peers were treated at the union of those kingdoms. On the whole, I can imagine no measure which is mote likely to raise the influence of the Upper E:ouse.in the questions of the day, or to restore the eqa3?iibririinu which a fn r extension of the suffrage in the 'elections for thte Lower Iolse is liely to disturir. A D - . - Iam,'Sir, youirs;c, -. -i JU T.
The Lord President of the Council, Earl Granvile, isleader of ihe Mlinisteriul ps*y in the House of Lords, gives a full-dress lanquet on e 30t, to Which the -folloing peers ae invited a-TheLordChanceflor theDuke of IyDl M the DNke of Wdflington, the M.ii of LA. 'downe, the Earl of Claxendon, the Earl of Harrowhy, 1arl Spencer,-tie Earl of Bessborough, the Warquis of BresdalVane, VihcountSydney, Lord Starley of Aldeley, IordPanmure, Lord Foley, Lord Wodehouse, and -the mover and seconder of the addrem apon the Royal Speech. VIscount Palmerston -gives full-dress PafiaxnexdnWy banquet on te 30thinst, to the fo1lowDo :-Tho pakerofthellouse ofConmmons,SirGeorgeGrey,t eRight Hon. Henry abondiere, ithe Might Hon. h T. Balnes, the Charidellorof the Eicheqo.er the Riht Hon R. Vernon Smit4, Sir CharlesWood, thBS cretarifor Ireland,tlhe3iUht lIon. W F. Cowner Sir BeWni i HS1, the Right non. R. Lov,tbe]i Hton.E. P. EuTverie, the Earlof Mlur-grave,'liordfrest Bae,ru Lord;AfrudPr t VicorntDan. can, Viseountgrnilabnrg, the Hon. H. Brad, iSir Maurice F. Eefrkeley, the ight Hon. G. ltH. Hter, the Attorney, Gexier;i - if Solicitor-General, the Lord-Advocate, tEa Jiidgi-Advocate, Hr. F.Peel, Mr. B0. Osborne, Mr. Mor. u,- s ov and seconder of th
WE ALLEGBD FOiSONiNGS AT RUGELE. tedetday the prisoner, TWilliam Palmer,. wys taken I . fore the Court of Queen's Bench. at ,mnstm r-haU,. under a writ of haeas cosups,to'give evidence in an act$oi br-oughtbyaMr. Padwick against Mr.lnler, his mother,' residingat'lugeley, to recover the s nnof 2,0001., due on a .bi1 of. exchange. The prisoner, as tatea in ourimpression *of yesterday, was brought up on sunay from tbe gaol it ' taffbrd, in hich he has beeu confimed for some time, in the custody of 3Major ulford, the governor of the prison, and two warders, and- lodged in the -House of Detention it ClerkenwelL. The action in which lie appekredl ia witnes was appointed to be heard yesterday ' Morning, at 11 'clock, before Mr. Justice Erle ind a juy in the Lord Chancellor's- court; and as early as 9 o'clock a crowcd began to aseemble outside, epposite the -u- private entnce to the court, and in front of the public entrsnce in Westmister-halL The prisoner arrived - in a cab, about hal-pAst 9 o'dcloc, in the custody of Major XSulford and two assietants, and on alighting was conducted * through3the private entrance of the Rolls Court to one of the robing rooms, where he remained until called as a vitness - &body of police was stationed at both the pablic and private entrances to the court to maintai order. By that - time an immense concourse of persons had -asmbled in Westminster-hall, and the number was greatly augnented when, after the arival of the prisoner, .. the - crowd that had congregated outside moved round into the hall in the hope of gaining access to the couit. There they stood, a dense mass, in front ef tU.e entrance to the coUrt, for nearly an hour and *-half, ntil U o'clock, when the doors were opened, and a terrific struggle for places ensued. The police who guarded the door tried to admit two or thrce at a time and in something like Order, bet the impAtientcrowdyelled and shouted hi remonstrance at the.delay, and an impetuous rush for admission was de, which overpowered all resistance. Thecourt, not much lager than an ordinary dining-room, was speedily - f}led almost to saffocation, ad the Judge then gye directions too losethedooml,whenhundredswhohadjoinedinthestruggle for 3dminion were excluded, and remained for some time in disappointed groupe on the floor of the halL AnotheIrlarge assemblage tood outside in Margaret-street for upwars of two hours, awaiting the return of Palmer from. the court, and eager to catch a glimpse of him as he was borne away from the door. Itwassupposed that hewouldihavereturned by ihe private eQtrance to the Rolls Court by which he entered, and there the crowd was very dense. Between l and 2 oclock a cabras drawnup infront of thatpart of thecourt, and while the crowcd pressed around it to see the prisoner as he emerged into the street, another cab was simultaneously stationed at the judges' entrance to the Court of Exchequer, through which, by a successful iswe, he was passed into the vehicle and soon conveyed out of sight He was taken. to the Euston-square station, and returned to the l t Stafford in the evening in the custody of Major'or. The proceedings inside the court will be found in our law report.
WOOLVICH JMILITARY ACADEMY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMS. Sir,-In reference to Mycom aunication of the 10h inst., which you did me the favour to publish in 1e Ti'nes of the 12th inst., and in corroboration of my statement as to the moral condition of this institution, I send herewith an abstract of irregularities conmmtted the six months preceding Lieutenant-ColoneliWilmot's promotion andofthe six 3nonths foUowing thIt event, in what may'be considered the order of their moral delinquency:- Nature of Offence. sPreix,m. Subiequt Appropriating an article of dress be- longng to another cadet ... ... - ... 1 Desertion and obtaining money under false pretences ... ... ... 2 Falsehood . . .... ..2 ... ... ... 2 1 'Playn at Cards ........... ... ... 7 .. Fund in a publichouse playing billiards ... ... - 3 Drunkenness ... ... ... 2 3 Smohing......... ... ... ... ...6 .. 7 Oppression orbullying... .. .. - ... 4 Insubordimation .16 ... 15 B7reakin his axrest.1 1 Wilamage.. . ... ... S . . 54 Unasteadiness at drill .3......... . . ... 4 45 44 Thesc offences have been carefully taken by me from the defaulters' book kept by the two officers commannding the Cadet Company; from Febrary, 1854, to July, 1854, and from August, 1854, to December, 1854; out of 200 cadets, of the ages from 14 to 17, many of the offences having been conlmitted more than once by the same person. The following statistical details are of importance to the poent at ise-the moral state of the Royal Mitary Academy:- In September, 1855, we had the sons of 9 noblemen and taronets, 30 clergymen, 94 private gentlemen, 4 medical men, 8 officers of the navy, 3 East India Company's service, 10 artilery, 10 engineers, 25 line, 2 civil service, 5 unknown; total 200. Of these 34 were Scotch, 35 Irish, 108 English, 4 Welsh, 1 foreign, 15 unknown; total 200. The contributions for the maintenance of the establish. xaent were,- 19 at £125 I. ,, so 2 ,, 70 19 ,, 60 20 ,, 40 8 ,, 20 Sent direct to practical cla ... 31 ,, 12 Tota ... ... 200 A d the cost of the establishment, includinginstruction, clothing, feeding, and pay of the authorities, comes to 1001. for each cadet within a small fraction. In this mixture of rank, country, and payments, no distinction is made, known, or felt; the orphan is as well treated and respected by the cadets and authorities as the gentlema of the highest rank in private life. And many of the candidates come here not very highly gifted in moral and intellectual endowments. It is impossible to say how many may have been deteired from sending their children to the academy ty misrepresentation and gossip, but this I kiiow fromn authority, that there were upwards of 400 candidates on the Master General's list, besides a long one for Carshalton when the Ordnance was transferred to the War Department, 92 of .whom, above the age of 14, Lord Panmure sent here for examination in November last, and he allowed all that were found qualified, including eight from Carshelton (39), to enter the academy. It is understood that at Midsumner the vtimmim age will be 16, and the academy open to public competition, and at some future period the institution will be wholly for what is termed instruction in the practical duties of both corps. In my former conunmication to you I forwarded an abstract of the course of our studies, prescribed by the regulations of the Master-General, which I had hoped you would publishf in order that the public might judge of how little is taught but what is special and professional. And it will be found, I think, after the chauge is effected, that the public schools and colleges are unable to send candidates sufficiently welltau-ghtinthetheory of artillery and fortification, in the languages and the several branches of draving necessary for ourprofessional duties, besides the time necessary for inculcating discipline, and a course of military exercises of equal, if not more value than a course of severe studies. These facts are better understood and valued by old and experienced officers. The following removals from the Royal Miitary Academy have taken place the last two years, in 1854 and 1855:- Promotions in the Royal Artillery ... ... 1 Promotions in the Royal Engincers ... Promotions in the Line ... ... 4 Remored, having failed in their examination 6 Removed from misconduct ...12 Withdrawn ... . . Died ... ...1 Total in two years ... ... 205 Hence it is that this rapid promotion rendered it necesay to inxvite candidates to thepractical clawsrithout passing through the theoretical branch of the academy, but which was only intended as an expedient, to cease when the two corps are filled up. WBth many apologies for trespassing upon your aluable eolacIns, I am, Sir, your obedient and obliged servant. G. G5. I.gWIS, Major-Genera1. Licut.-Governor. IRoyal ,Ulitaxy Academy, Woolwich, Jan. 17.
MELA1-Hory SHn'wrEmG.-We-stop the press to 2nnforUce one of the most melanicholy circumstances which it haa for sonic time fsllen to our lot to record, namely, the loss of the shiip Tory, of Sligo, with all hands. The Tory was bound for Shugo from LiverpGoL, and, having struck on a vaef ofrocks at th island,of-Roughly. O'Beirno,i izmmediatel afterwards -went to pieces. The owners, Mr. John Mogson and 3&. James Brown; both inhabitants of Sligo, hLaving been on some business on the coast of Donegal,'and perceiving the Tory in sight in the hay, hoarded her with' the intention of returning- td hugo a short time previous to the mnelancholy occurrence. We haive this moment read a letter from- Mr. John Flodgsoui ina which he states that, through extraordinar prsne of -mind, hi leapdovr boazd oni the vessel- fst h-tiking, and was immedatel- washd ah~re whnce e 'itnesedthe destruction o f
I ~ - - -- LA1V-REPO1BT. ' COURT ', -T sI. . 2k ERosnmoNq V.-_ KLW1RaIo ' - - - 1 J%orc c .LORDsGIsrczs or AppEpmL :- Mfir. }Roundell Palmer, r. Follett, Mtr. * n~t Mr. Wickens, and Mr. Canrns are the counsel engage >- Their LARmiHens ith e LiI consent of the i -the directed that the case should be head beforete fall C-ort. ROLT.' COU1RT, UC fERY-MY-LE, 3rAN. 21. WVIE V. CIABD Theobject-of this suit was to set asidethe devise of an estate, on the ground of the gift embdieinthedevise eig too remote. The testatorvethe edate in question to,trustees pon trust to apply e oincomet ishsister.for life and afterhr death for the benefit of her ebhdrld unti the youngest of thema should sttiin-the age of 25. The estate was then to be sold, and the proceeds diiided eqnaUy awnong the sister's children, the isue of such of them as should have died taking their parent's share. The contention was that this gifl wis void underthe satute for remotcness and His HoNouR held thatitvwas so. Mr. 1. Palmer, Mr. Lloyd, and Mr. Batten appeired in the cms.
lVIOE-CACELLORS' COURTS. TAX. 2L - - HOLROYD V. GLrEFrHS. (Btfore V*t-Chanacor Sir B. T. KmRsLyr.1 ±Lrns OiLS was filed to establish a lien on the proceeds of certain indigo in the hands of the defendants, under these circustances --The bil stted that in Marsh, 1840, the plaintiff nd a person named Dickens consigned 221 chests of indigo to the defendants to sell for them by the ship ncurgh; topay certainbills for 50000. to the Eaat India Company, the medium through R hich the consiment was made; and to hold the balance, after tayn r the chaeses cf salc, forthe plaintiff ana Dicken, w'th Them the wefendants had an account, aud there as this pmstrity t to that letter:-"Mckens and self have shippe this in equaln oities, and I have allo red Robert Thoas to have Rhalf iterest n my half; you can therefore carry to all our respective accounts thirds of accounts equally." The inio|a sZtTold in r=lzanury, 1842,ndthe authority to I gthebils tere was 99,OOOL. odd inl favrour of the plaitid,l' Dlekns,andThoas,and that -ras carried to their resplective accounts inthirds, and Thomas dealt w.ith his share with Messrs. Bri and Co. The bills were for 100,000 rupews each, and Komas, as the plaintiff alleed, havn . cepted one, and having failed topayhisshare of 5,00rupees, they were partners as to this transaction, and the plaintiff ws entitled to the ordinary partnership len on the renmaining proceeds in the hands of Griffiths and Co. (they having paid Dickens andl the plaintiff their shares) in respect of the default of Themnas, and -the plaintiff ask-ed for an account and a lien on the balanico in favour of Thomas. M1r. Swanston and Mr. G. L Russell appearedl for the plin'taiff; Mr. Baily and Mr. Pole f or Messrs. Griffiths* Mr las forr. Thomas and Messrs. Brigga and Co,, who claimed under him; and Mr. Mfoney for other par. tiles. The VrCE-CHAsCeLor thought that the plaintiff, by the postscript to the letter of March, 1840, had disabled himself fromi establishing the lien he claimed, it ben a direction which had been actedupon, antdby which ThKomIAS was enabled to - deal with the money, and had dealt -with it; and he was likewise disentitled to any account or inquiry. The billrmust be dismissed'with costs.
COURT OF QVEENS BENCIL WX zst r21. JAN. 2 HAWKES V. T,MELL. Vttctngs va Ban7zco, beforc Lord CA3n'rB . and Jwtidis; COLERIDGF, Wari&. and CrOmPnON.) 'this was an action brought by the administratrix of a master of a merchant vessel against the owners, to recover the amount of wages due to her deceased husband. It appeared at the trial, which took place at -Durham, that the ship had sailed from Alicante, and while on its voyage it went down at sea. The defendants, under thesecircumstances, contended that no wages had been earned by the miaster, likening his case to that of an ordinary seaman, 'whose wages, according to the common law, did not accrue unless the freight was eaimed. The plaintiff, however, obtained a verdict, but subsequently a rule was granted, which raiscd the question whether the common law role applied to the case of a master as wel as to an ordinary seaman. Mfr. Atherton, Q.C., and Mr. Digby Seymour showed cauase against the rule, which was supported by Mr. Temple, Q.C., and Mr. tinthanlc. Lord CAdPBELL said the question is whether the rule in question applies to the master of a ship. The master of this ship had been employed by the dekendants at a -salary of lOl. a-month, and he had been four months in their service at the time when the ship sailed from Alicante, after which it went down at sea, and was lost. The question is whether his representatives are debarred from making that claim because no freight was earned in consequence of the loss of the ship. It has been urged that there is no express authority to exclude the master from the maxim, or to distinguish him from an ordinary seaman. But the reason for that mayhave been that it was understood that the rule in question did not apply to the master of a ship, and the claim of the master was never resisted, so that there was neverany occasion to bring an action. In the books it is taken for granted that the rule does not apply to a master- and there is also the express decision of "1 Chnmbre, J." tiat it does not. The 7th and 8th Victoria and the 1Ftth and 18th Victoria, c. 104, show that in the opinion of the legislature the rule does not apply to a master. The 7th and 8th Victoria, which restrcts the common law rule in favour of seamen, points out no mode by which the master can be relieved; and the 183d and other sections of the 17th and 18th Victoria,4c. 104, make it quitclear that the Legislature gave no remedy to the master, which it would have done if at had been considered that he was within the rule. The seamen are engaged for the voyage, and the earning of freight was by the common law a contingency on which their wageswesre made to depend. But the wages and fm)etions of the master are different. The master is not engaged for the voyage. Before the voyage commences he has to engage the seamen, and when the vessel has arrived at its destination, and the cargo has been delivered, he is still the master of the ship. Hec is,or ought to be,actuated by higher motives, and it is not to be supposed that he-vwill reLssxin the performance of his duties, or that hc will be urged to perform it by the apprehension that he will lose his recompense if the voyage is not succesafoLh IMr. Justice COoaxswxr said that in considering the question the Court ought to look at the situation of the parties. In the case of ordinary seamen it was necessary, as it were, to put on the screw by subjecting them to the loss of their wages if they were not both honest and zealous. But the same reasons would not apply in the case of a master, who was in a different sitnation of life, and would be likely to have more respect for his character. It had been decided that a mariner couId not insurehis wages, but that runl did not apply in the case of a master. Mr. Justice WIGHsTnAs expressed himself to the same effect. Rule discharged. BUsm-SS OF TIWE COURT. Lord CA3PBELL said it would be convenient if he gave notice that on Wednesday next, after taking the two cases which stood in the Crown paper, the Court would proceed vith the cases in the specdlpaper. BTA COURT. (Sittings at Nisi Prius, before Mr. Justia Ens. an9 a Co-mon Jur-y.) It being known that WilliamPalmer, who is charged with the Rugeley murders, would be examined as a witness to-day, every avenue to the court was crowded long before it sat; but, a large police force being in attendance, the doors were kept closed until nearly 11 o'clock, and then a limited number of persons were admitted; so that the court was not inconveniently crowded. At 11 o'clock Mr. Justice Erle toolk his seat, and then the case was ca1led on:- PADWICK V. SAR PALM Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Macnamara were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Wilkins and Mr. Gray for the defendant. This was an action brought by Henry Padwick against Sarah Palmer, as the acceptor of a bil of exchange drawn by William Palmer upon and accepted by Sarah Palmer for 2,0001., dated the 3d-of July, 1854, payable three months after date, and endorsed by William Palmer to the plainn tiff. The defendant pleaded that she did not accept the bilL The witnesses were ordered out of court. William Palmer was understood to be in an adjoining room. Mr. Js, in addressing the jury for the plaintiff, said they would have learnt from his friend the nature of this action, and it devolved upon him to state to them very briefly the facts. The plaintiffs case would be extremely simple. Mr. Padwick wtas a gentleman of considerable property, and of the highest respectability; and William Palmer was introduced to Mr. Padwick in 1854 for the purpose of having an advance of money upon a- billof exchange. The action was brought against the defendant Sarah Palmer, the mother of - William Palmer, upon a bill which was dated Rugeley, July 3, 1854, for 2,000?., at three months after date, for value received of William Palmer, payable at the Lothburybank, and was endorsed byWiliamPalmer to the plaintiff. It would be idle to endeavour to conceal from them that this case was- brought before them under somewhat peculiar dircumstances,-and Mlr. Padwick desired that the matter,so far as he was concer-ned, should be most strictly investigated. William Palmer, of whom he would not say a word, was the owner of a considerable number of race horses, and he got into pecuniary embarrassments. Mfr.- Padwick advanced him 2,000Z. upon this bill, and William Palmexhadpaid - a sum of 1,0001. in reduction of, it, and had given two checks in paymint of the residue, which were dishonoured.- Mr. Padwick was-therefore a creditor ior I, 0001. for -which he liad a warrant of attorney, under. which heissued execution,'and William Palmer ras arrested on the 12th of December. During the time he was so in custody those investigations. had, talken place which had necessarily attracted the attention not onily of this countr,Mbut of the nole world, butof which at thetimer Pad_ wick had not the slightest notion;, but it so happened that, being in custody under 3fr PAd*ick'e writ of execution,,he was taken from the custody of--the sheriff and removed into crnmnal2cuatody. : ' - i ---- - fr. Serjeant W-irs sain bethought, in-caidour t6lfs friend, it W.s right to-state thit at present Wwas iot hi1 intention tfo call William.Palmer. * I. -; Mr, JTAXYe8 said- his friend hiaing madLtha oemanie -- So== tion would conduct his cSd vrith his usual ability. 3fr. Padwick was, extremely Ammious that when, on the oso hand, it should not be tliought he was pursuing a mln under such cirnmnatances, rumours having reached him thikt th billws a forgery, e -thought it. -right to-adbpt thoe honourable courseXof lettinga jurxy test whether Willin Palmer had forged the name of his mother or not. This, he trusted, would: be thought the most straightforward course, and he therefore brought the action Against the mnother. Iet the miatter be fully investigated by a jury, and if ho had been defrauded by wiliam Palmer he must' put up with the consquences of the fraud; the jury woiLld therefore have to find whether the acceptance was a forgeMr. Before Mr. Padwick advanced the money he thought it right to make some inquiry as to the handwriting of Mrs Palmer, and he wrote to Mr. Crabb, a soicitor, and clerk to the magistrates at Rugeley, and that gentleman certified that he knew Mrs. Palmer tobe aladygworthabout 50,000., and he believed the acceptanee to be in her handwriting. and upon that Mx. Padwick advanced themoney. That part of the case would be proved by lr. Crabb, a gentle. man of great respecability. Should the jury assume it was not her writing, there would be evidence to show that Mrs. Palmer had paid other bills which-had been accepted in the saine hand, and had therefore given her saunction to hills being so accepted, and that would be the plaintiff's case. This cause had been postponed upon the application of Mrs. Palmer, in order that her son William Palmer might be pro.. drced here as a witness. He-knew his friend's discretion; he had brought the son here, but what motive might induce the defendant to shrink from putting him into the witness. box he did not know. If the result of the trial should be that Mr. Padwick had been defrauded- by William Paimer, he must Put up with the loss; but if such should be the defence, he fearedWilliam Palmer wouldaddto his catalogue of crime. The followingevidence was then caLed for the plaintiff:' Frederick Crabb.-I am an attorAey at Rugeley, aA& am clerk to the magistrates. I know the defendant, Mrs. Palmer, and have done so 12 or 13 yearsm She is a lady of property residing at B.ugeley. I am acquainted with her handwriting. I believe this acceptance to be in her hand. writing. About the timeof the date of that bill vwrote'aletter to Mlr. Padwick. By M1r. Sezjeant WILE32m-I cannot recoLect that I ever saw her vrite. I cannot charge my memory. -Upon my solemn oath, I cannot answer the question. Ihave seen her name attached to leeds; it is impossible to say to how ma-y. I should think two, but I cannot say. I don't re. collect ever corresponding with her. I have seen what I supposed to be her writing on biLls of exchange not long ago. I should think within the last month. I have heard they are disputed. Re.exarnined.-I have no interest in this matter. The deeds were from persons who borrowed money of her. I have been solicitor to William Palmer. Irecollect one deed, and might have seen more. George Palmer is brother of William Palmer, and money was paid by my client in respect to that deed, which was handed over to me. It was a mortgage deed, which would not have been handea over to me, I apprehend, by Mr. George Palmer acting for his mother. The signature was acted upon in that manner That is the only instance I recollect particularly. By Mr. Serijeant Wnrrs.-The bills I mentioned are in thae hands of a relative of maine, who would be very glad to obtain his soney. I have not had any hint that if I have mnade misrepresentations an action will be brought against me. L. Palmer's name was attached to the deed. By the JRJDGE.-The deed was handed over, and the money paid. It was a deed to her. The JuaDoL-Then, her name was of no importance. 1 don't know why her name should appear to the deed. Witness-It is generally the practice, where powers of sale are, that both parties sign the deed. John Sergeant.-I knewWiLiam Palmer. I havehad money transactions with him, and introduced this matter to Pad- i wick. I am the holder of a bill drawn by W. Palmer upon his motherforl,0001. inI852. Itwaspaid to me through the bank. It was returned to Wiliam Palmer. It was paid by a cheek from Mrs Palmer. ByMr. Serjeant WrxNS.-The check wasrforwarded to me by WilliamPalmer. By Mr. JA3rs.-George Palmer, I think, had the settling of the matter, and he caUed upon me. I paid the check to my bankers'. The plaintiff had advanced the money as my solicitor, and the check was drawn payable to him. A discussion here took place as to the validity of a notice to produce aU checks. - H. R. Hopkinson.-I served the notice to produce oxl the plaintiffs agents at 20 minutes past 2 o'clock on Saturday last. Cross-examined.-I delivered it to a clerk at the office. Mr. Serjeant WILSs.-We have not had time to produce this check, if such exists-it was not reasonable notice. The JUDGE said he would admnit the evidence, with leave to move. Mr. SergeantVs evidence continued.-The plaintiff was an attorney. The check was signed "Sarah Palmer." The plaintiff handed it to me. I saw Ceorge Palmer on tho subject of the advance of that money for which the bill was given. That check paid the bilL The bil had not beenpaid when due. I saw the -handwriting to the check, and I should think this acceptance is in the same writing. Mr. Serjeaut WIaXns submitted that that was not evidence, as there was nothing to show that the check was in her writing. Re-examined.-It is Like the signature. This closed the plaintiffs case. By the JUDGE.-I never communicated with M Palmer on the subject of that check; it was apon the Rugeley bank. The JUDGE thought the evidence admissible, as the check produced the money, and that was a means for his knowledge of the handwriting. Witness.-I believe the handwriting to be the same. Cross-examined.-I believe it from the sidmlarity of the writing. Ar. Serjeant Wnacis then addressed the jury for the defendant. But for thewicked, unconstitutional, and cruel attempts which hadbeen made for weeks past by those who ought to be the protectors and guardians of our liberties and rights-but for the moat infamous calumnies heaped upon thehead of a manwhose name appeared in this transaction, this case would not have occupied more than ten minutes; for when they heard what the case on the part of the defendant was, unless they had allowed their minds to be prejudiced-unless they had taken for granted that the infamous statements which had-been circulated were trueif their minds were free from prejudice, and they were prepared to act towards a man as they would wish men to do to them, a clearer case for a defendant was never presented to a jury. There was one observation with which his friend had concluded his statement, which he might venture to sayhad inadvertentlyescapedhislips-he saidinadvertently, because his friend was not the man to stab a falling man, and when his friend had said that if the defence -set up was trae William Palmer would add to the catalogue of his crimes, he thonght it was an observation which his friend wouId not repeat, and one which as a man, alawyer, and a gentleman he could not justify. It seemed to him that his friend wished to place before them as dispassionately and calmly as. he could the facts of this case. He should call Mrs. Palmer herself and several members of her family, and one and all would tell them that it was not the defendant's writing. He should call bankers' clerks well acquainted with her writing, and he would also call' an expert in handwriting, and he would tell them his opinion. If it was not her handwritingthe otherpart of the plaiitiff's case must fail, for Mrs. Palmer could write very well, and there was no reason why she should delegate to another the placing her signature to a bilLl No doubt, it was an attempt to imitate her writing, but they would be completely satisfieditwasnothers. At presenthewouldsaynomore, asthe qaestion was merely one of handlwriting. . He was so pressed with the difficulties 'which had been thrown in the way of al1 the members of this family that he entered upon the case with more anxiety than in cases of larger amount, and involving circumstances of greater interest. John Smnith.-I am.an attorney at Birmingham. I am wel acquainted with. Mrs. Pamer's writng. I have seen her write 12 or 13 times. I do not believe this acceptance to be the writing of Sarah Palmer. Qross-examined,-I am not the defendant's attorney. I am assisting him. I amn aware William Palmer is brought up here. I am defending the proceedings for him. He is I rought up here, but I do not mknow by whom. I have -heard frommy other half'attorney that the defendamt has brought William Palmer up. I have been Wl-iam Palmer's attorney in the late matters. I had letters from Mrs Palner. I saw her writewith reference to WalterrPal mer. I don't know that she has had money transacrions ' with William Palmer. This aceptance (another bill) I should say is very much like her handwriting. It appears to have been written not lately. She. has now a trenulous' motion. Thissignatureto a deed isherhandwriting.I The characterisalittle steadier at times. Thereisa certain elmaracterintheletters"h,"and "r." - Sa,rah Pabmer.-I am a Widew and am more tban Wc I saw this billfer the firsb time on -Saturday last. There is' not'oueletterinxnywritmg '2tis-n6t my ueeptance. I 'firstheard of this bill onthe12th of'Decernber. N~o app3a.. ^atio3-had been made to me before for payment. -I neyer gave nyone authoriyto signh thit acceptance for e e._ A'bou three years ago Eaccepted two bils5 forin oosi Wi. Tha. Te two did not azmoutt-to 700 hadserayfor them. I never accepted for sO large an anount-'1;O,000!. '- ' Cts'-crainiue4 OQnt that 3Ot a fQrger! is 3Dot ye7t paid. I aceejpted one in favour of Bucktona. It Wa tei oblige my son William. it migibtlbe seven or eight months ago. My son applied to mce to accept it. My security, I .darfisay, would cor that. It was oniel property n Staffordshire for 5,QOOt. or 6,OOOL It Was for adVaces of 'money made at different times. I did not .how 'wtho the ast bil was to be given to attise time. My son assred me I should not have to pay it.: I. have Paid*96M, towards it. I believ .. I never accepted more th&u three bills for him. -I did.not give a eheck in. favour of Mr. Padwick for 1,000 . I have banked for many yea -at Hugeley and LAchfield. In December, 1852, I did not Live a check in favour of - Mr. Padwick. My son George had all to do with the money. I dou't know that I gave hima check forl,OOOI payable to Mr. Padwick. -Iam sure as to whether Idrew sucha check. Theawhole of the.money I advanced for William was 5,0001. or6,OOO., anditwasupon the IUchfield] Bank. It was advanced to him more -t;ha thre years. Indeed, I do not know whose handwriting this acceptance is. These receipts are mine. I never was asked to pay on any other bill than the one on which I paid the 2601. I have never giver my son money to pay bils. He is indebted to me now. I dor't know what he owes me. I have not made a calculation at alL I did not know a claim was made upon me 'or lioOOL upon a bill drawn by my son upon me. I never heard of it. I found the money to pay the biUs I accepted; but I did [not expect to be caled upon to do so. I have not madqe pro. niseory notes for my son. - Xe-emamined.-Mr. Buckstone is a grocer in Stafford. George Palmer.-I aman attorney atRugeley, and son of the last itness. This acceptanoe is not in her handwriting. In October. lMi2, my brother was embarrased, and mynmothermade him an advance of 5.000QL, and I *ent first to Mr. Padwicl and paid him l,000t., which iu upon a warrant of attorney, and not upon -a 'bill-of eti' change. I don't know of the-deed inentionedd-* tr; crabb; Inever hear of ittinlt6-day. : -- : ' Cross-examined.-M3r. Piwick never named' bill. I paid money for my brother on my mother's account to 'the amonnt of 5,0001. Sarah Palmer.-I am the daughter of Mr Sarah Palmer. This acceptance, I am sure, is notmy mother's handwriting. Cross-examined.-This to two other biUs is hers. Her hand is tremulous. I heard my brother WVilam ask my mother to accept a bill of small amount (5001.), whisk she did. Thomas Palmer.-I am a clergyman, and the son .-f the defendant. I do not believe this acceptance to be in my mother's handwriting. These others I do believe to be hers. The " r" is perfectly unlke, as is the "h." The signature, taken as a whole, is very unlike. Her hand is tremulous. These receipts are hers. I should not say it was a flowing hand, but contracted. lie-examined.-It is not the character of her hand. T. S. Strawbridge.-I am the manager of the Rugeley. Bank, and know the defendant's handwriting. This acceptance certainly is not in her hand. I should not have paid it. Cross-examined.-The other acceptances are hers. The "r" in Sarahis never joined tothe "a." Robert Lander.-I am of the firm of Inador and Co. This acceptance is not the defendant's. James Gardner.-I am of the firm of Landor and Co., solicitors, at Rugeley. I do not believe this acceptance to be the defendant's. I have no doubt about it. Joseph Cope.-1 am clerk to George Palmer, the solicitor. I have been in the habit of attesting the defendant's sgna. ture for l years. This acceptance is not her handlwrting. William Barnett.-I live near Binnmingham. I have asquired a knowledge of the defendant's writing. This acceptance certainly is not her vriting. - Nethercliffe.-I have compared this acceptanee wvith other documents which were in the vriting of the defendant. I have had great experience in examining handwniting. This acceptance is not hers. There is a similarity' between the capitals. The 'S" is slowly done, the "P" is better, but both are shaky. The two "r's" are not like Mrs. Palmer's. Oneisslowlydoneandthepen repeatedlytaken off-no less than five times in the word " Palmer." In the genuine ones "almer" shows no join. It wants the freedom of a genuine signature. Evidence by the plaintiff in reply:- William Palmer was then called by Mr. JASm. (There was nothing particular in his appearance, for our experience tels us that a man in a witness-box is a noble-looking fellow, but if placed in the dock everyone thinks him to be a villain.) Mr. JAarS.-Take that bill of exchange for 2,0001. in your hand. Is the signature to the drawing and endorsemnent yours? Witness.-Yes. You applied to Mr. Padwick to advance money on that hill 7-I did. Who wrote the acceptance, "Sarah PalmerPr'-Ann Palmer. Who is she ?-She is now dead. Do you mean your wife 7-Yes. Did you see her write it ?-Yes. You may now retire. Wiliam Palmer then retired, very strongly guarded. Mr. JAMES then said,-I trust your liordship will think I am doing my duty as counselto Mr. Padwick, and that he has been doing his duty very honourably and properly, by saying he reires from this case. Itrust your Lordship will think Mr. Padwick has acted most properly in having this matter investigated. Mr. Serjeant W-RMs said,-I must say that I, for may own part, am bound to admit that MIr. Padwick has acted -with the greatest propriety, and no one can censure him for bringing this action; and I feel it so strongly that I feit no difficulty in urging on my client-and the moment I suggested it it was acceded to-that the defendant shoud not ask for any costs; and we are obliged to Mr. Padhvick for his honourable conduct, and no costs will be asked from him. Mx. Justice ERIE (to the jury).-Gentlemen, I think your verdict will be for the defendant.
COURT OF CO0E EON PrY. WTmT. T 9.1. (Sittings in Banco.-Hilary Term) The Court disposed of one or two rules for new trials. The details were wvholly uninteresting.
COURT OF EXCHEQUE YIosixDY, JT. 2L (Szitng in Banco.) The Court took the special paper to-day, the business of which did not produce any materials for a detailed report. (Sittings in Mriddlese,. atAsi I Prim, in Hilary Term, before .Mr. Baron B.AMwILL and Comnwn Jr0ies.) The second sittings at Nisi Prius in Eilary Term, were commenced this morning in the Exchequer Chamber. The list of cases presented 34 causes for trial, of which 17 were remanets. A.IJSAR AND ANOTHM V. BDARlEIElD. Mr. Gates conducted the case for the plaintiff, and Mr. Carr appeared for the defendant, This-was an action for money lent, for money paid, and for money due on an account stated. The defendant pleaded never indebted. I It appeared that the plaintiffs are distillers in ledcross-street, Barbican, and were in the habit of supplying a publichouse known as the Prince of Wales, in the Wandsworth-road, with gin and other British spirits. In June last a transfer was made of the house to the defendant, when, as the incoming tenant. he reqeestedar. Marshall, the coHlector of the plaintiffs, to make a valuation of the stock of spirits which were oil the premises. This was done, and the valuation of British and foreign spirits came to 691. 10s. Of that sum 31. odd was for British spirits. The defendant, foliowcia" the usual course of the trade, thereupon requested Mr. Xrshall to' give him a check for that amount, so that he might pay the. outgoing tenant, and he afterwxards made a smular demand on thecollector of the frm who supplied the foreignaspirits. In both instances, as it was the usage of the trade, these demands were at once compiied with, Mr. Marshall, the representative of the plaitiffsi, giving a check, upon his fini for 3&. That sum was in due course debited-to the defendant's account, to be paid off by instalments or otherwLse at some future time. 'Te plaintiffs, however, not being able to procure the repayment of that sum, nor for gaods subsequently supplied, were compelled at length to bring the nresent action. - - . of The defence was that the letter accompanying the copy of the writ in the action was addressed to Mr. "J." Bareficld,. whilethedefendant'snamevwas "Wiliam" : . I The defendant, on now being examined, said that his name wvas "IWilliam," thathis father's name was "John " and therefore that when the -note and the copy of the-writ weregiven to him by Marhall's sersantlhehadhandedthent' to his father; who had at once consulted the attorney wiho' defended the action. Foihimself, he had nothing tAo nwith the action-he knevw nothingabout it. Ee was the landlord of the Prince of Wales and had received the 381. check from :Mr. Marshall when he enteredupon the possessibn. 6feithe house. That was very true, and hewas prepared to tepay the money- and also to pay for the goods he had hbamot: only of Mr. Marshall, but of -all -the others, and-of that fact he had sent them notice o.i Thursday last.' Mr. Baron- BRAxwLi -here inquired 'of the leanized counsel for the defendant if -he had I any other gr6und of defence thain this as to the Christian name. Was the attorney for the defendant in court? : ' Mr. CARurepled that the attornOY'rclerilonlywaszin court at thatmnoment, andlthathehad nio other difence. 3r. Baron BumxiWvz (to the jruy).-Wefl then,.gentle-n men, this man (the defendant) says heisprepared to pay the debt, andtherefore, with thehelp of your:Verdict;- we will give hinn the -opportunity of dong so. ' It-is a miost disreputable defence. .- The jury returned a- verzdict for ihe plaint if amnes, * Mr. Baron:BptwE? r hereintimated thkt, Ahe-shquld, from another engagement of public importance, be unible to sit later than 4' dcloclc, he 'would not' take &_y,y fsh case that was -not litkelyoto beds ed of proi to that 'hour. c w C eal csswere the postponed until tO.morrow(this) moring, and an inq;iry was made as to others. In eome counSel wcr3 not preeeat, and at length one, HOWARD V. W2PPERMA -IIN, wamentioned. -, . -. -MIr;HAws sad hids leader, Mr. Edwin James, had iata tepped out of court, and he was loth to press on- the axs ms learned frdend, - r. Watson, who was on -the other aide withotaunir wasat that momnent engaged -. Mr. Barost Bseaxwm~ did not -wish oiiconvenience any Anem of the bar, and. if any other case could be found for hin a - with he wotfld 'not presg that this one should becdoon- 'At the sne time, astherewasagreat deal ofbusinest -t6bo-dispse ofi h t, have someFhigtgo th 'D I-u ~ * th er inqiies were then mon foot, in the midst of Which -~ The plaintiff in the cae,adrsin ben*h said hi .hbad been there thewoeoth-ls weea, wa;nmg-why- shouldnot his caeb ruh n fboth otc his counsel :were not at that momentinortoneof. the an he -was rdy to goonbitforl desire to dhw a Mr. Watson, the counsel on the other aide.* MIe Watson was preient, for he should mnuchulile t hear "hat .he ba to say inh eec tok his action. Whtcud say? The was henough. t I nted the tral to go on at once, so at he ould notlose another week, as he haa done the last. Why should he be compelled to suffer because one counsel wanted to show a .courtesy to anothercounsel? He could not see whLy he should suffer for these courtesies; why should he suffer'. delay by Mr. -Watson'S absence? j r. Baron BRANTWELL-told the plaintilf he was reIro sented by counsel, and, if that learned gentlema= wishedit he would have the-case called on. Mr. HAw;s remarked that, ncder the circunistaices, he had no alternative. The case mnst go on. 31r.WATsoy here entered the court, -and apolgized for his absence, adding that he had been vaiting to address the Queen's-Bench in an important new trial. fr. Baron IbMANwiL..But the -learmed counsel no doubt bad another jtneihber of the bLar with him in that cae, and, as he -ppeare&tobe alonein the cascin thatcourit -his presence could be better spared in the Queen's Bench than in the Court of- Exchequer. - The case was-then-proceededawith, 'bnt had only been *partly heard hes the Courx+ adjournedL -
COURT OF BA2MBTXIUP-rZ Basingha: .Tzin. 21. D; BE: 1-- A- JT7.FP. (Before Ar. Commisoner Homyomn- This was the examinAtion meeting. The bankrupt was a tailor andr draper, of High Hololbor He owes to unseclued creditors MD,49; iabilities, 2984,; the assts are re. ttrned at 572!. Mr. LEwMs, for the assignees, asked for an a'journment sine die on the ground that the bankrnpt had failed to pay into coult a sum of 504, in accordance with an undertaing so to doatthelsst meeting. Mr. BAGLFY, for the baulnrpt, said the case was one of great h3rdshi. The banlrupt offered 119L, all the mQney. he was wolt , to a creditor, who wanted 20., and. who, rather than take less6, had him arrested. 501. of the 191. was paid into court; the greater portion of the difference. was accounted for by domestic ditSculties against which he had to contend. The banruhpt had a penny newsroom Which he had let to his brother at 15s. a-weeL, the profits from which in two years only amounted to 671 The examination, after some disoussion, ?;s ultimtelyadjourned for two months, at the expense of the bankrupt. IN RE FRENCH The bankcrupt a stationer, of St. Marys-terrace, Walworth, had applied for lis certificate. Mr. Chidley supported; mr. Beard appeared for the assignees, who offered no opposition whatever, but considered it a case of unavoidable misfortune. His HoNorn thought it a case of unavoidable loss' nd mnisfortune, and granted an inmediate certificate of the first class.
| INSOLVENT DEBTOBS' COUBT, Jan. 2L In TI'E MIAM OF 3)A. WM T.;x (Before I Re \CM CoNm T&I This insolvent, a baker, in jewry-st-reet, Aaate, was oppod by Mr. SIeigh, for a creditor nased Warner, and supported by Mr. M'Oubrey. An action was brought by Warner, a potato salesman mn SpitaMields-mnarket, agapist the insolvent for slander and assault. They -met -m a publichouse, and the insolvent charged, hinm withi takiug pair of spcacles, and called himb athief Hietookairefspectacl es fromohisnoseand otherwise assaulted hin. The insolvent pleaded a justification. The jury gave the plaintiff 20. damages, and the taxed costs were ;I91. An execution was lened, and 17h. 4s. realized on accountof the debt and costs. There was a long inquiry into the purchase of the business by the insolvent's father-in-law, Phillips, who alowed his daughter to carryDon the ae 'Se CHEF CoadMsssoxRn required some amendments to be mnade before be could adjudicate upon the case. It seemed to him to be an aggravated case with regard to Warner, and theoinsolvent was one of those persons who preferred to ruin himself rather than do an act of reparation. Thie ease stood adjourned to the 12th of lFebruary. and the Cort refused to extend the dison.ige on sureties any longer. The insolvent went tc prison.
"I DDLESEX SESSIONS, JTa 2L . . The sittings of the Court for_ the Januasy quarter sesions of the peace for the couny of Middlesem were resumed this mnorningat the Guildhae!struinster, pursuant to adjournxnent. At 10 o'clock the court was fornmaly openedl by'31r. Pownall and a vesy full bench of magistrates, and the oathis of qualifiation as a miagistrate of the county were taken by M1r. Fashle,y, Q.C., Mx. Harper, of the Clerk- of the I'eacrsoffice, officiating. M1r. Po". Anr. said,-31r. Pashley hiaving been appointed by Her Maje~sty to be the Assistant-Judge of this court, andl Le baving duly taken the oathis of qualification as a mapistrafe of the county of Middlesex, I feel great pleasure in introducin hini to this seat, which he is so emiinently qualified to fll Mr. Pashley then took his seat as Assistant-J-udge. There were 73 prisoners for trial, The Grand Jury having been sworn, The Ac,5xTmT-JuD(s1c delivered a brief charge tothm Alluding to the state of the calendar, he sad that it was rather heavier than nusia, but that was Owing t-o the adl. jouramenit of t'he sessions last week, consequent upon the death of his lamented and estemned friend and predecessor. After the cbharge the hgrad jur rted to their room, and, the traverse jurors having ben called, o h a ted lag hiscout, canotallw tis,thefirst otporhty, to whihw hae ll ustine i th dethof Mr. Serjeanb Adm.In the course of the 30 years during whsich I have practised in this place I rememberhout four presiding justices -M1r. Coast, Mr. Marriott, Mr. Rotch, and M1r. Seijeant iAdaius, amd Ithink Imay venture to ay that "1taking him for all in all" the latter may successfully vie -with any of his predecessors. A clear head, aiudndheart, and agood general knowledge of the law, -with a quic'k perception in the applicaton f i, my b coslered: as the charateristics of our departedI friend, and although an impatience of manner and a little hastiness of expression sometimes led to disagree. meats, yet they were very soon over, and I am satisfied that our mutual esteem continued unbroken to the last. Indeed, to use the language of his own favourite author, though I am not able to affirm. that he :: nothing extenuated" yet I can declare mnost truly that he et ougt ownin alce, fo aman of a more forgivng ispsiton thnk neer etwit.h. Having been expesingthe condolence of the bar o h et fhslt glatnephew, who rnot his det vn h ars of his country,. little did I think that I shoul so soon have to beseknofhm and not to him, on an- equally -melanehol evet. Isayno maore of the deceased ; and, with re- to ~~I will only observe that I trust we sa,ntin our own words, but in the peculia lngugeofhegreat Lord Bacon, "1Our sun has gone down andyetno n~hthas followedl." The ssim~s-Jscagsaid he quite concurred in what* had been saidl byth learnedl counsel ; for he himself, hayxing practised in the court5 not in cniminal but in appeal. xnatters had had an oppoftunity of knowing the great maerits and legal qualifications of his late friend, and durini, the whole of lli experience an angry wtordl never passdbe tween them. In succceing him as As~sistant-Judge -he should rely on theasitne ability, and experience of the gentlemen of the bar, and hie hoped 'there would' be c6nfidance en each side. Villiama Tobin, 23, pleaaed "Gmulty" to an indictment chari him with having unlawfully assulted John Za -police-constable, in the execution of his duty. Them- was a secondl charge agains him for an assault on a. The risnerurge tht ~c wa drnk henit Occurred, The As suAN-nXuDGz sentenced him to nine months& hard Ilabour. M.2r. Polanud was-for the prosecution. .Joln Venn, 28, servant, was indicted for stealing 14 spoons, and other articles; value 1001., the property o the Ron. 'Patrick Herbert Crichton Stuart, commnonly called Lord James Stuart., MWr. Giffard appeared fortheprosecut-ion.;thep3risener-was .not defended. - It appearedl that in 3arcli,L-istear,the pririoner enterecl the service of LoDrd James Stuart, 'whose resdence is No. 6, .Whitehall-place, as valet and butler, andmremuaineclin that ,capacity until one day in -July, when,_ havinig- applied .to his Lordship for leave to go out, ancl obtained it,-he.went,anid did not return After he hadgoriehe Wrotetwo~ grossaly insulting letters-to his Lordshi, in one-of which-heenclosed a nunibkers duplicate relating to articles of plate which heha urloined -fromi his master's Tity;ai nteOhrh'adlewa z .oiz dbe! unitedto a wealthy lady, withto'who country, Paid he woiuld rem'it the amount lie had got onA he plaWt& hIis lordship as soon as hegot theWc. Intheimnt#k of December,. however, he wavsseen-in:Piccadilybyapersoix who hadsiome iept twithe same person -whor ha toethe-pla to;And he folowed him to a publbehous%. sandasked him if his namewas not-Yenn-.He demed fitha ~it was, bit his voice satisfid the inquier, whokent outside i ~amd spoke to another person. Observing this, ile Pri'soner saId his name was. - Vnn,m'ad - asked; the pt6 ho accosted hin to G tkesmething_ to ariuikc with him, but' he declied and gae. in-i _e O beingtakento Lrd :Jamneis-tuarvih-e was recognid 5b~ he oacman,andhe heniniitedthat he sad iedge lmeents~ahisLorahi~sserice'thoug bengso loug out of ~ thatbe s.ppe&-t~ hs iz~teforanadvanc6 of- 4Ol, to be stopped out of hIls wae, withr w1*ch e mia to redeem the prortghthe- cipa1 sid. Sn met A tM t more t 5. The rdii i iee ted Veireproduced by ous6iipmVIr6kers~ ThCPrI5oner, inluM decenbe, said he Jxoped m shipwoud no -pe.~the charges, as he ertainlytookth arTiesau u the intentios of rede Ohem, and d * Thae dn so d is seLorndsp cdedi to h iSappUaip for a loanu3f 4 which was to have been deductedfrof his ages an at hattime thei was a iquaxleidue.- -Xi Lordhiprefued he ORA, anid ore mhorn- g ra g his es.. ing-roobell, d whene e n the i sh t the door,i pisoga,. hisbak t i, aderse ad swore A<thinm soinhcl so tba# the srvnteothgt h~iiadb dom in' -fit. Lord James fSat on gaskea, svid they ror-4i4 foraloan, n did yhether thereD was any truth th-pi .~ ~ ~ ~ ~ r WIH Unt aseorio e a ndhad is ideclndto ask him, hE fi drehedi. theou thirsnrGi2, nd-.edfou -~~~~~~~~~~~n labou. -ofm r e was a ewler i -t streed, Stimes n the drthstleof Dasio erberidce aorli&te-fki ltoleaclock i the rfpertyiofn thmepsoaneogi euenadawhi Ao ndicted hi for-&te lisgawth and eterrics laed, 'kg. a_*M forts. ofH re tlhIiamthb:er land e others arnd - .D,but; chargd writehir r neeivn -he samed, sitkdowin. H6t9dS o U nifer. leoref et saighe-v d eallo th fewllerwing Co=ty steet, Stin Jaeo s n the on th wr of Dioemder anc lthle ifMel hadloc in the #iftyetio, tiln hepri, uYourgwteois ebA tead bsh opwands sehIdr for-a~ list ofir rices ofgavedisortt6vsto :fork.eopol d hiorethat-dabohe -adotprne W e*e, bnx would wai, bnt, twolhave, to akenhimoe hnalfanlour t sojir let, ayin he oul cloci on the dolloing oaday,. Soon afterhe-had ene- d a go god'c watdchain, wich tao been ying n t a aoitier, wereomnged,t a find.th ;-ace hadan ppotunty f idnuthem,an forai h would~ hake-ak wa plkce BuWefre wajondb tha-ybo-p neotsha.ecr- kziAnr Wheo ertreIorge Hrion sistwentto away.okeitneWs.four,*ef stree, stataed That i abou- oknloc one the dayin - pie stio pledfe He saignd the?, articl itneeson ed to afrend. ste w baskedt waith fora ie-dinso, and hon saidi honfroule -pith hotwl.Ousdhewsjne ythe otherE!prisoner.t theothr piaoe tey-declard they did not know- each other. Thsecte -suspicion, and a police-constalble was sent for, and he took them in charge. Mfr. I.asnbertidentifiedthe watch and chain produeed by the awnbroker as his propertyademthwskl by tLe prisoner Bourgeois. M1r. Wsne.As said it wouild he -unnecessary to try.thtia on the=ohe chags- -He hould sentence each of themn to four yea penal evtude.7-
XA p4 DYDJY Our Malta letter of the i6th insi. cui>im-nnI6tes 6 e follIwing naval and military movements:- "Her 3,ajesty's steam transport Buffalo arrived from iibr2ltar ou the 9th, 3nd left for Balaklava on the 2th. " The Thames steam transport arrived fronm Portsmoaoth on the 9th, bringing Majors Adams and Talbot, Captain Diezelsky, 9 otiler officers, and 230 non-commissioned officers and privates of the 2d and 3d Regiments of the Foreign Legion; Captain 3rGenery, Lieutenants Cator and 2,nrphy, Coniet Bend, an(d 198 non-commissioned officers and privatesof theLand teransport Corps; Dr. Doherty, Dr. mith, Svrgeon Connwell, the Rev. C. T. eort, and Mr. .ailton Geary. SheleftforB31aklavaon the 10th, conveying, likeisoLe, Dr. Blake, 55th; Asesistant-Sureon Gibanet, and 13 n-coa2miosioedroficons andp-pvates of various rethDnents. , " The Imperador steam transport, with four horses ).i stores, and hav ingonboardLieutenant.ColonelCassrofl, 3lajor von Radolvitr, 3I4 other officers, and 811 non-coininiCsionea office's andprivates of the 5d Regiment of the * Eoreign Legion, left for Scutari on the 9th. '.- "The- Arabia sailing transport left for Bala1day. *2 The 9th. "The Madagascar steam transport arrived tfi,m BarceIona on the 10th, and left for Constantinople o0e the l1th. "H Her Majesty's steam transport Assistatice arrived from talencia on the 13th. "H 'ller laesty'sstenilu^-of-battla ship Hannibal, bearaig the flag of Rear-Admiral Sir Houston Stewart, X.C.BL, an&the St. Jean' (YAdre arrived from Corfu on the 12th, in company with the Sidon steam-frigate, from the same port, and the Terrible steam-frigate, fromn the Pirneus " Her 31ajesty's steam-corvette Highfayer arrived from Syra and the Piu-sns on the 14th. "The Resolute and the Lord Raglan steam transports zrrivedon the 9th from Constantinople, the former bringing Dr. Dees, for Malta, 3Mr. Smith, for Gibraltar, and Majors B RriggsandWromeberger, Captainand Mrs. Brown, Dr.Burch, sknd the Rev. and M1rs. CampbelL The Lord Raglan left for Deptford on the 20th. f " The Holyrood steam transport arrived from Constantise0ple on the Oth, and left on the 10th for Genoa. The _3esolute left for Spithead on the 12th. " The Foyle steam trensport arrived from Censtantinople :on the 12th, and left the same day for Spithead. The Hope steam transport arrived on the 13th, and on the same day the Golden Queen steam transport, both from Constantinople. "The Balhiana steam transport arrived from Balaklava on the 14th, bring- for Malta Captain Drought, 50th; 3Iajor Levis, 3d; 3jor Creay, Land Transport Corps; Quartermaster Tanks-, 68th; Lieutenant Chanters, 57th; Captain Gamble, 4th; and Mr. Campbell - and for England Quartermaster Joyce, Dr. Gilbor, S'Jth; * ev. 31r. Gilbornc, leutenant Johnstone, 89th -Ma;or Anrstrong, Lieutenant March, R2,L, Lieutenant Lyons, Captain Pigott, Lie.- tenant-Colonel Seagram, 17th; Lieutenant Lord Carrick, Grenadier Guards; Captai Percy, 9th i Colonel Fardella, "and Transport Corps; Dr. Aitni, Asistant CommissaryGeneral Sundy, the tev. H. P.r sright, Surgeon toyle, !dessrs. Conway, Hall, Parr, and Taylor, 5 sergeants and 7 privates, f .m , ' oflficers' servants, 1 blacksmith, 7 men of the Areyinorks Corps,e private of the 44th, 1 artilleryman and1 seaman. "The Eadius andJhne i orrison saining transports arnaved on the 14th from Constantinople. " The Esseri Hairi Ottoman wvar steamer arrived on the 14th from Tripoli, after landing there a regiment of AlbanIaans to reinforce the garrison. "The A aeninsllaasteamtransportleft onthe th forSpit-j head. " The Herefordsliire sailing transport left on the 10th forI Gibraltar,rand ontthe2th the East Anglian screw steam transport for the same porth "H er MLajesty's steam transportUrgent left for England on the l2th, and the Algiers screw ship-of-the-line for Plymonth, on the 12th. Her Majesty's steam-sloop Triton alrived on the 5th from Corfu and Zante. " The Alms, Peninsusar and Oriental Company's steampacket, arrived from Alexandria on the 9th wtllh the heavy India mails, andsleft forSothampton onthel0th, having en hbard Colonel and 31rs. Baldock, Colonel eutnan, Clajor Goears, Lieutenants DoMwning and Caprand, Dr. Wcebb, and Surgeon rolfe. "The Vectis, belonging to the same company, which arrived fron Alexandria on the night of the 8th, brought among o>ther passengoers for MWalta Admiral Sir Lucius Cuts, Bart., returuing from RSombay; Lieutenants Clark, G ordon, HXickman, and M'Nanghton, Gaphains Bruce and 9th, tDr. Cholmeley, and the ev. T. Smith, and left for tearaeites Late on the same night. "-The Vatican, French postal steam-packet, left for the portts of Italy and Mrarseilles out the 10th. . " The Lebanon steamer arrived from Alexandria on the 9thh, witth whEeat .and -cotton, and left for Liverpool on "The British Queen steamer arrived on the 10th from Snyrna, and left for Liverpool on the 11th. " Th schooner-yacht St. Ursula sailed on the 10th for Alexandria. "The schooner-yacht Miaria arrived on the 12th from Syracuse. " The African steamer, from Liverpool, arrived on the 14th, aftera very boisterous passage, and leaves for Syra and Constantinople on the loth. She brings, passenger, Captain Lyons. " The Sardinian steamer Conie di Cavour, in the French transport service, left o,i: ths 10th for Constantinople. "The Carmel, French postal steamer, arrived on the 5th from Constantinople, Smya, and Syra, bringing, among other passengers for Malta, Cartains Lindsay and Troll, and, for Miarseilles, Captain Colborne, Captain Pitman, Captaiu Forbes, Captain Whitehead, Lieutenant Beetham, General Smith, and 12S French military invalids, and li steamen. This vessel left for MTarseilles on the 9th." The screw steam blockship FRxmouth, -90, Captain H. V. .£all, went from Hamoaze into Plymouth Somid on Saturday. The screw steamship Euryalus, 50, Captain Raamsay, was placed in the basin-dock at Devonport on Saturday. The screw steam-frigate Cossack, 20, Captain J. H. Cockburn, having been ifitted, was placed in her sailing moorings in Hamoaze on Saturday. The steam block frilgate Forth is appointed to be taken out of dockat Devonport and masted to-day. The frgate Camibria is ordered to be fitted at Devonport as a rocklet-ship. The sailing transport Bucephalus, No. 127, Captain Pepercorn, arrived on Sunday morning at Woolwich with irophies from Balaklava, which port she left on the 13th of lTovember, having been nine weeks on her voyage home. She had to beat up against contrary winds the whole distance, until reaching the ClhanneL The passengers in the Bucephalus were-Major Lukin, R.A., one sergeant, and 24 non-commiissioned officers and privates of the Royal Artillery, in charge of the cargo, which consisted of siege and field pieces of -arious sizes, and mortars, rocket tubes, limbers, .and ammunition carriagoes, as well as seven bells taken from. Sebastopol after the surrender of the place. Althoughthevoyageof the Bucephalus was an unusually 3ong one, there did not occur a single case of sickness on hoard, wvith the exception of a gunner of the Artiery, who at the time of his embarcation was suffering from diarrhoea and ague. These galUant men were landed at the ArsenalWharf, Woolvich, yesterday morning, where the band of the corps assembled to escort them to the barracks. The landing-place and gates were crowded with spectators and friends, and the men were received with hearty cheers. 3Major Luktidu and his brave comrades in arms were all -decorated with one or more medals at their breasts, and distinushed theselves at Alma, Balaiklava and Inker mann. lieutenant Surname, 48th Regiment, !arrived at Woolvich yesterday morning, in charge of 17 invalided guners, and one non-commissioned officer of the Royal Artillery, being a portion of the 150 invalids of the various regiments which came home from Constantinople by the transport 31ipon. - Immediately on arrival at head-quarters, they-were marched to thi garrison hospital in detachments, and 'were medically inspected previously to being admitted to lbarracks. The screw transport No. 151, Cumberland, arrived off Woolwich Arsenal on Sunday, and is to discharge her cargo of returned stores, shot, &c., from the East. A number of schooners and other craft have arrived at Woolwichi Arsenal-wharf since Saturday, and are discha-g. ing large cargoes of shot from the Scotch foundries. Great activity continues to prevail in the whole of the departments there. The building of the paper factory is progressing rapidly, and it has received a portion of the machinery. The non-commissioned officers and men of the 57th Regimaent subscribed their working-pay from October, 1854, to Tebruary, 1853, to create a fund for the benefit of the -ridows and orphans of soldiers of the regiment -who died in the Crimea. In pursuance of this kind and considerate act,we arerequestedto announce that the widows whose names followmay eachreceive 37.onapplicationtotheofficer uiommanding the depOt of the 57th Foot at BirrBarracks:- *3rs. Currant, Mrs. Xyle, Mrs. Ryan, Mrs. Greening, Mrs. Dray, Mrs. Donnelly, Mrs. Neil, Mrs Hamia, Mrs. Bryan, 3tis. Hodges, 3rs. Kemplin, Mrs. Chipley, and Mrs. San&derson. A warrant has been issued from the office of the DirectorVeneral stating that the pay of all acting assistant-surgeons, %vhich has hitherto been 10s. a-day, is to be increased to IL. 6d., and that the order for the sum of 401., which was to have been given to each at the end of two years' service, is forthwith to be cancelled, in consideration of such increased Tay. By the former -warrant the 40?. was onlyto have been given to such as had passed some of their time on foreign service, but the present warrant makes no distinction. It is the intention of the authorities of the War Depa.t3nent to raise a company of the Royal Sappers and a ers Mnd eqnip them as drivers for the service of4hat corps when in the field, Ute that when any movement takes place the whole of the stores belonging to that branch of the Eervice, such as the pontoon bridges and intrenching tools, reay be conveyed with them, it having been found, when the troops landed in the Crimea, that horses and carriages couIcl not be obtained for that purpose. To make prelaration for this additional force the Artillery Gtables, on Ile north side of the barracks at Chatham, wml undergo peat alterations.l Messrs. Palmer Brothers, iron shiptbuilders at Jarrow, on bJ 1 ~e, aro engaged in buihdingz floating-batery, of en- aetly S2zrdmtin n om ota mcn ynr .'apier, of Glasgow, a dewsription of wlich appeared in T7he 1 T'imes of Wednesday, . - : M. Clark, of the El-wick Bonndfy, Xewcastle.d bne,fn some time ago receivedan order for the constreQcion of long, range mortars, one of which has just been ,Ojpleted. Thq. inner diameter is 13 inches, and its 'Vigha fle tons. Captain J. Buckley, lato B!,.ni&master of tAWoport, has joined at Chath3an an~ 'w ill commenec his duties froni this d3te as Barrnckmaster at such station. The fol lowing appoin+.ens wvere made yesterday at the Admiralty:- The annexed T Aeuter*nts havi been appointed to the command of grnboats -Lieutenant H. B. Woolloombe, to the Whit n; ieutenant C. G. Nelson, to the Forward; lIeltenant A. L. Round, to the Pelter; Lieutenant W. F. Lee, to tne Grasshopper. The Rev. H. Glasson, Chaplain, to thI4 Tortoise; the Rev. C T. Comber, Chaplain, t4 the Cen°.vmion. the Rev. E. H. Fothergil1, Chaplain, to the t.ondriense; the Rev. E. B. Barnes, Chaplain, to the Retribution; the Rev. F. Gibbens, Chaplain, to the Havannab; j the Rev. C. B_ Haslewvood, Chaplamn, to the Pearl; *3. H. : Bond, Naval InstrucOtor, to the Cressy; Alfred Turnine, Naval UIstructor, to the Uenturon; 'Y. N atSOn, Acting Clerk, to the Ranouth. ' THE MIJTIA'. About 20 men of the North Durham Regiment of Militia, now stationed at Burnley, have volunteered into the 15th Hussars, a troop of which occupies the same barracks with the militia. .% Ninety-eight men of the Princo of Wales Royal ReOiment of Renfrew Militia, stationed at Paisley, have volunteered into the line. Screnty-nine of the number went to the 79th Regiment; the others were for the Scots Fusileer Gunrds, Scots Grays, 18th, 29th, 30th, 42d, 87th, 88th, and 92d Regiments. The Renfrews have given more men to the line than any other militia regiment. The favourite corps with them is Ihe 79th Cameron Eighlanders. The Cohonel, Major, Sergeant-Maj6r, and other srgeants forlmerly belonged to that corps, asd the Renfrews are 'frequesitly styled the 2d hattalion of the 7-9th Regiment. The Earl of Glasgowr, the Lord-Lieutenant of the county, has offered an extra bounty of 21. for any man above 6 feet 5 who will promptly come forward to join this regiment, so as ag,ain to bring it up to the complement.
TEE MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. - TO TERE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In ffLe Timnes of the 26th of December there appeared a letter on our military system from the pen of a writer who, J imagine, on a formar occasion, long before the war l,roke out, performed signal service by directing the atten-. tion of Parliament and the public, in a series of letters in your journal, to some of the numerous incongruities of the then existing order of things. That letter sketched in ouitline the condition and prospects of our army at the opening of the campaign of 1854, and broadly exposed the defects of the Ordnance, Commissariat, and M,edical Departments. The advantages of the writer and the trnthfulness of the picture render it matter of regret that his promise to return to the subject has so long been delayed. Time presses, the meeting of Parliament ih at hand, and we hope, for the information of the House, the improvement of our military system, and the good of the public, that he will speedily carry out his intention. What may be the measures in 7etto to satisfy the Sebastopol Committee and meet the demands of Administrative Reformers it would be hard to tell. Meanwhile, it appears to be generally known on fhat maybe regarded as good a thority,-theauthority of one of the parties themselves, who, to spare further punishment and conciliate public opinion, has for weeks been eagerly spreading the good news, .-thatthe medical officers of the armyare immnediately to be favoured with a large measure of reform. So large is it said to be that we almost fear the news is too good to be true. All rank-s of the department are to participate. The full and half pay are to be increased, the period of service entitling retirement is to be shortened, honorary rewards are to be introduced, and the Garetee will shortly exhibit a sprinlding of C.B.'s and K.C.B.'s. That, in principle, must satisf the ambition of every aspiring medico. Towhom are the medical officers of the ary indebted for this great boon of reform in their department ? To the public press, to your own unfinching, powerful advocacy .of their claims, to one or two abl1e pusulphiets recently issued on the subject, and to the temperate petitions of the medical officers themselves now serving' in the Crimea. Dr. Andrew Smith lias had no more to do with it than the lawyer who draws up your will has with the disposal of your property. DIriven by the force of circumstances, and encouraged-nay, invited-by Lord Panmure, he has lent his assistance, and no doubt his Lordship has found hini useful to the same extent as a dictionary would have been on a late occasion to Admiral Napier ; bhit that he ever originated the new warrant, or was even anxious for it, his whole official life as Directol-General positively denies. And assuredly neither the departnent nor the public, however anxiously he may hope for it, will give himtheleast credit, or be hoodwinked bythelonc, loolked for boon. It may accomplish this much for him, and no more-it may possibly avert 31lr. Stafford's motion of inquiry into the state of the Medical Department. M§r. Roebuck and the other mnembers of the Sebastopol Committee, will yet have their say, and it may be asked how is it that Dr. Smuith is still head of the M1Iedical Department, Dr. M,enzies, of Scutari notoriety, the principal medical officer at Shorncliffe, and Dr. Dumbrecks, of Ealaklava incomnpetence, one of the new medical board in London? Are these to be the new C.D.'s and K.C.B.'s of the department? I am, Sir, your obedient servant. F.R.C.S. Jan. 19.
STAFF-JOBBIiSG. TO THE EDIT6OFOF THE TIMS. Sir,-There is a standing rule of the service, which may be found in the Queen'sregulations, that no officer shall be taken from his regiment and appointed to the staff until he shall have served two years as a regimental officer. There is, also, another standing rule, that not nore than two captains and two subalterns per regiment shall be employed on the staf at the same time. The extra pay and extra allowances of an officer on the staff nearly double his regular regimental pay-his chance of promotion is also more than doubled, his duties are lighter, his danger and hardships less. The object of these standing rules is clear. It is, -first, to ensure a sufficient degree of capacity and military knowledge in the officers so selected; secondly, to prevent regiments being improperly weakened by the abstraetion of more than a certain number of experienced officers on staff duty; and thirdly, to reward these officers for those qualities which have occasioned them to receive the distinction of a staff appointment. A good deal wad' written last winter on the severity of the duty thrown on the subalterns of the Rifle Brigade in consequence of the absence of an undue number of the captains of that corps on staff duty, all the absentees being men of interest at the Horse Guards, who thus escaped the killing trench duties, and, nevertheless, were the first to be promoted. Since that time another battalion has been added vthe regiment; and, none of the subalterns of the corps having served thetime specified by theQueen's regulations, the number of officers a"sent on staff duty, who wrere on this account necessarily captains, until now has not much exceeded the Queen's regulation. Now, however, the staff-jobbing is about to recommence. The General Orders in to-day's paper state that Lieutenant G. H. Grey, SecondBattalion of the Rifle Prigade, is appointed to act as Aide-deCamp to Brigadier-General Laurence, C.B., commanding the second Brigade, Second Division, with the usual pay and allowances, from the .1st of January, 18a6. Lieutenant Grey has very good interest. He is the son of Sir George Grey, Secretaryof State, and the nephew of Earl Grey and of the Hon. General Grey, attached to his Royal Highness Prince Albert. He had been in the service, on the 1st of January, 1856, 12 months and 24 days, according to Hait-s Arrty List. 'Why are the written rules of the service to be set aside in this case? Your obedieiit servant, A 'I& .Y Z.K U4 U, hJ..
THE IAI1S.-IaVEniPOOL, Jan. 21.-Owing to the re-arngement of the sailings from New York and Boston for this tort, conseQuent on the retui to the old system of desptching the Coli' boats bi-monthly and the Cunara stamrswekly, as before the commnencement of t'he -war, no mail wil be received at this% port until Sunday or Mondax next, when the Canada, fromn Boston, wil he due. A mai will, however, ho hrought hy the Aago, flue at South- 'fti, aidtha Si Jh Den Puland Mr. Strahan, the convict bankers, are busily emnplyea in prison, the former at taiRo1ng, and the latter at chairmakng.
~r i US SAYIEBW OF RtT'S,SI'S - - . .. ..S.UBMISSION . .ThEe 2Qqit publisles tne followng article , V X.Xln it stiU be pretended that Russia is the 'makecate' of Europe; that it is Russia that wished for war? It is scarcely48hours since that wesaid that Russia, listeni_r to the unamimous wishes of Europe-which, a,dou-s. nij and foreseeing terrible cdamities in the PTrOIv:atlon of the war inplored petce from htT-woPl not tun a deaf ear to that plaintivevoice of hunanity, and wouldamake sacrifices 'with the mosb noble self-deniaL We said so frankly, convinced that we were right, and wo have not been deceived But we should be deceiving our readers, and showing ourselves unworthy of the confidence with which we ilways sought to inspire them, should we pretend that Russia only accepted the propositions of peace made to her to please Europe. "1 It is not for us to develope this argument, for it would not satisfy us, and, thank Heaven, we are independent enough to say what we think. Truly, a Power like Russia snoula never lose sight of the wNshes and interests of Europe. She ought to knmow, at a pinch, how to sacrifice her welfare to the happiness of others. But there is a limnit to aU things, even to generosity, even to self-denial. Who would believe it, even if we state it, that Russia has just sacrificed her interests to those of Europe, and that she Ins shown herself more European than Russian ? No one, And we ourselves-we own it-we would not believe it. " We shall therefdre be more, sincere, and we shall be the more readily believed when we say that Russia only accepted the propositions made to her because it was her interest to do so, becausesbe ought to do so; and we wil say why. "Every impartal, loyal, and just-minded man mmust own that since the commencement of the war Russia was always desirous of peace, and that it always slipped through her fingers because she was never allowed to conclude it. - This time she found herself in miore advantageous conditions to obtain her object. After the heroic defence of Sebastopol the efforts of her adversaries to seize upon the Crimea failed before the immense obstacles opposed to them by the Russdans, and in Asia, where she took the offensive, she achieved a great success by the capture of Kars. "In this position, and still in her full vigomr, Russia could await, yet desire peace. She herself made the first propositions, and when those of the allies reached her through the medium of -Austria she did not hesitate to accept them, for, with a trifling differcnc.z they were nearly the same which had received her assent at the Vienna conferences. One point only presented itself for the first time, and seemed to have been purposely inserted to prevent once more the work of peace. " Already, on her first refusal, wlhich, however, was not a categorical refusal, Austria evinced an inclination to break off her relations with Russia and to increase the complications of the war, while at London rmen exulted at beholding Russia once more fall into the snare. She might, in fact, have fiond the whole of Europe arrayed against her, which the force of circumstances and a complication of insidious engagements would have reduced, even against its will, to that hard extremity. It was here that the real enemies of Russia laid wait for her; it is for this result that England laboured. Russia has upset their calculations, and she has done welL "But we maintain that it was her duty to do soon another ground, which refers to the future-a word which a great Power must never lose sight of in its most grave resolutions. What is, in fact, the real cause of the war? What is the motive of this general, universal mistrst into which the very friends of Russia have been driven?I The cause is that which all the most solemnn declarations of Russia have not been able to annul, and which -would always have existed as long as no positive and, so to say, material proof had been brought forward to contradict it; it is the idea that the dreams of the ambition of Russia was the conquest of Constantinople. Howsever absurd, ridiculous, contrary to the most patent facts was such ia misconception, nevertheless it was so widely spread,-it had struck such deep root in puablic opinion,-that it woald always have been an immense and most disadvantageous obstacle to Russia. Her adversaries therefore put a syllogism to her, which, although coming from an enemy, had, nevertheless, a certain value. " 'If you are sincere,tchey said, 'in your protestations not to wish to seize upon Turkey, why not at one blowv demolish that terrible supposition, which, rightfaUly or wrongfully will always be suspended over your head, by ceding tothie Porte a stualltract of land wlnchl brings you in nothing, and which is of no possible use toyou except for the invasion of the Ottoman empire? Time day upon which yOu make that material concession all Europe will believe that you do not followv the dreams of aggrandisement attributed to you; it will do more,-it wllU OWlt that it was ia error. "Russia has just given this material proof of good faith to Europe, and in giving it she exclaims, 'Do you believe me now? - "Russia has therefore destroyed at one blowv the innmenso distrust which exists on all sides against her, and the snare about to be again laid for her too great suscetibility by the hatred of those who regard the present warless as a political than as a national one."
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFOmT3. XT&N 21 Dean Ireland's Professor of the Exegesis of Holy Scrip. tine (Dr.5a H erawkin) proposaes to4,commence his lectures on Epsleo St Puliaul toatnghae Remans. iThese lectures are opeft to members of the University who have passed the examination in the School of Literme Hlumaniores for the degree of B.A; and those who desire to attend them are requestedto call upon the Professor on Tuesday, the oth of February. The Reader in Experimental Philosophy proposes to deliver during the present tern twvo courses of lectures on iaght. The first course will include geometrical optics, and will commence on 3onday, the 2Sth inst., at 1. The second coubrse, onPhysical Optics, will commence on Wednesday, The subjects and days of the nirst course will be as fol- Monday, ,Tan. 28.-Primary Laws of Direct light: Photometry, &C. Friday, Feb. 1.-Reflection of Liqht. Mfonday, Feb. 4.-Refraction of IUght. Friday, Feb. 8.-Chromnatic Dispersion Analysis of Light. Monday, Feb. 11,-Effect of Lenses, Z;. Wednesday, Feb. 13.-The Structure and Optical Action of the Eye. Friday, Feb. 15.-Microscoe Telescopes, &c. Monday, Feb. 18.-TheRanbow, Halos, &c. Notice of the days and subjects of the second course will be issued before the conclusion of the first. Those gentlemen who wish to attend the first course are requested to enter their names at the Lecture-room in the Clarendon on Saturday, the 26th, between the hours of 2 and 3 O'clock. MLtGDALEI COLLEGE, JAw. 19. The Prcelector of Natural Philosophy will commence a course of LectuLres on Agricultural Chymistry, in continuation of those delivered last termn, in 'the ecture-room. contiguous to the Botanic-garden, on Taesday, the 29th inst., at 2 o'clock. These lectures will be continued on Tuesday and Thursday at the sanme hour during the present term, and will be open gratuItously to all members of the University. The Prelector will also give a catechetical lecture at the aboveplaceon chymistry everyThursday during term, at fl o'clock< beginnmn Januar 31. -This lecture may: asobeoattended gratuitously by allunix dergraduate members of the UJniversity, after peiu app'iicatiento the Prelector.peiu The Prielector willbeant home from 1 to 2 o'clock on Thursday, the 24th inst., to receive the names of those gentlemen who propose to attend, and to explain the character of the lectures to be given. Subjects and days of lectures on Agricultural Chymistry, Lent Term, 1856- Tuesday, Jan. 29.-On Soils-their differences in quality and agricultural value. Thursday, Jan. 31.-On the principles of Draining and Subsoil Ploughing. Tuesday, Feb 5.-On Ploughing and other mechanical modes of mpro' the SoiL Thursday. Feb. 7>-Principles of a Rotation of Crops. Tuesday, Feb. 12.-Chymncal means of improvingthe Soil. Thursday, Feb. it-Same subject continued. Tuesday, Feb. 19.-MIethoda of analyzingf Soils. Thursday, Feb. 21.-Seme subject continued. The Regina Professor of Civil 1aw will commence a course of lectures n the Civil law on Monday, the 28th of January, at 1 o'clock, in the hall of University College. Students in Civil Law who are desirous of obtainmug a certifcate of attendance on the lectures of the Regius Professor, are requested to attend on that day. Students in Civil Law desirous to attend a course of lectures in the Text of the Institutes of Justinian are requested to call upon Dr. Tristramn of Lincoln College.
I TO THE EDITOE OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In page 24 of the paper of observations published by the Conmittee of Investination of the Eastern Counties Raiv;y,Ifindyslfdeeried ude th hadof"Hackney to the contractors for those branches, and asbaving, in that capacity, suggested the use of a portion of the Eastern Counties' line to those contrac. tors for a rem of 2501. I never was engineer to any contractors on this or any occasion. I was engineer to the Eastern Counties Railway, and, as such, I always advised the board of directors for their interests. In the instance referred to they acted on my advice, and the result was that they saved betweei 3,0001 and 4,001. Had they not acted as I advised them, they must have ineurred the above expense in the purchase of land to apppo pate as soil for the execution of these branches, on wlich therewas no excavation whatever. The imputation that these branches wereimproperlypermitted to be converted into a receptacle for the contractors' diggings1 is therefore wholly erroneons. I regret that the committee did not apply to mO for infoer mation on this subject, but bave made this inaccuiato representation without evidence from any party concerne4. As extensive circulation has been given to ihe statement throughout the country, I ask the favour of beingpernltted to contradict it in your columns. - _ I have the honour to be your obedient servant. GEO. P. BIDDF ;X r eat vere-te Westminster, Jau, 21. i*-
THE BBITLSH ARMY IN .THE EAST & - 1itA om IRA I -I -Hea&fuarterg, Sebastopol, Jan. 5. x-!%.. Eotld-claaa St af-Surgeon Parr Will join the &%eceudBattalion, Xoyal4 and take medical charge of it during Surgeon Crocker's absence. No. 2. Assistant-Surgeon Fergason, 57th-Regiment, will join his regiment. No. 3. Mr. Cortis, medical clerk, is - appointed Dispenser of Medicines at 7s. QL. a-day, and the allowaances of a staff assistant-surgeon from the 2d of January, 1856. No. 4. The services of Assistant-Surgeon Dr. Ross, 39th Regiment, and Acting Assistant-Surgeon Greig being reguired for special duty, they are placed solely at the disposal of the Inspector-General of Hospitals. No. 5. Printed. forms (numbered 20 and 21) for the delivery into store of arms serviceable anrd unserviceable have been issued from the Adjutnt-General's-office for the use of regiments. The Commander of the Forces desires that these forms may be properly filled up and handed to the Commissary of Ordnance whenever arms are returned into store. No. 6. Brevet-Major lawrie, 18th Regiment, will proceed to Malta, for duty with the Provisionial Depat Battalion. No. 7. Captain Palliser, West Cork Artillery Militia, will remain attached to the 56th Regiment for two months, from January 1,1856. No. 8. The services of Lieutenant P. Jones, 46th Regiment, Assistant-Engineer, being no longer required, he will rejoin his regiment. No. 9. Assistant-Surgeon Hlale, 7th Regiment, having been in medical charge of his regiment, may draw field allowance and forage as a surgeon from the 7th of December. No. 10. During the absence of the Rev. H. P. Wright, Principal Ch4lain to the Forces; all correspondence, returns, S-., which have been usually addressed to him, vwil be addressed to the Rev. Mr. Egan,who will net as Principal Chaplain untUI further orders. No. 1L General Order No. 1 of the 7th of Decemnber,1855, is corrected as follows:-For " Lieutenant 0. B. Feilden, 72d Regiment, at 2s. 6d. a-day," read Captain 0. B. Feilden, 72d Regiment, at 3s. 6d. a-day. No. 12. The following are appointed second-class interpreters to this army:-Constantine Constantinides, from Dec. 12; Joseph Passapian, from Dec. 19. No. 13. Leaveof absence is granted, at the recommendation of a medical board, to Surgeon Crocker, 2d Battalion, 1st Regiment-to proceed to England. On arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-Gencral. On medical certificates, to Captaintho Hon. A. Poulett, Aide-de-Camp, and Quartermaster Tunks, 68th Regimen;t, to the 10th of February, 1856-to proceed to 31alta. Lieutenant Angelo, 28th Regimeat, to the 10th of February, 1856 to proceed to Scutari On urgent private affairs, to Quartermaster Drake, 4th Dragoon Guards, to the 29th of February, 1856. Until his retirement, toBrevetLieutenant-ColonelSeagram, 17th Regiment-to proceed to England. On arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-GencraL No. 14. Medical boards will asseuible to inquire into the state of health of Lieutenant Sparke, 68th Regiment; and Purveyor's Clerk Warwick. The principal medical officer will be pleased to give the necessary directions. No. 15. The following officer having left chargers at the public service, forage may be drawn for them :-Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Maude, 3d Regiment, for two chargers. By order, C. A. WINDHA, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 6. No. 1. With reference to General After Order of the 1st of January, the following officers have consented to act as a committee, and are authorized to receive and remit to England subscriptions to the " Nightingale Fund' :-.MajorGeneral Lord W. Paulet, C.B., Colonel Wilbraham, C.B., Staff-Surgeon Dr. Hadley, Captain Jasper Ha2l, AD.C., Rev. E. Parker, Assistant-Commissary-General R. Routb, H. Whiffen, Esq., Ordnance Paymaster. The committee Will report to the Military Secretary for the information of the Commander of the Forces. The committee will meet on Wednesday, the 9th inst., at 12 o'clock, at the Commandant's-office, Balaklava. No. 2. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief hasbeen pleased to grant leave of absence, on medical certificate, to Lienutenant-Colonel Ingall, 62d Regiment, to the 30th of January, and, at the recommendation of a medical board, to Captain Esmonde, 18th Regiment, to the 12th of February. No. 3. A general court-martial will assemble at Headquarters at 11 a m. on Tuesday next, the 8th inst., for the trial of such prisoners as may be brought before it. President, Brigadier-General Barlow; two field officers, two captains and one subaltern from the Third Division. one field officer, three captains, uld one subaltern froni the Fourth Div.ision; one field officer and three eptains from the Royal Artillery, members-total, four field offlIcers, eight captains and two subalterns. Deputy-Judge-Advocate, Mr. W. G. Romaine. Members' names and dates of commissions to be sent to the Adjutant-General's office by 12 o'cIoCie to-morrow. No. 4. Lieutenant W. HE. J. Disbrowe, 17th Regiment, is appointed to act as adjutant to the regiment, vice Lieutenant Dyer, promoted, until Her Majesty's pleasure be known. NTo. 5. Mr. James Crawford is appointed Principal Superintendent of Land Transport Depot at the Dardanclles, and will draw pay and allowances as such from the 21st of Afigast, 1So5. No. 6. The following, having been in medical charge of their regiments, may draw ficld allowance and forage as surgeons *-Assistant-Surgeon Moore, 6th Dragoon Guards, from the 28th of December, 1855; Assistant-Surgeon Williams, 1st Battalion, Rifle Brigade, from the 30th of 'November, 1855. No. 7. Leave .of absence is granted, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Lieutenant C. F. Roberts, Royal Artillery; and tho Rev. MIr. Gilborne-to proceed to England; on their arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant-General. LieutenantWyse, 48th Regiment, to the 10th of March, 1856-to proceed to Malta. On urgent private affairs to Lieutenant-Colonel Cox, 56th Regiment, to the 29th of February, 1856. No. S. Medical boards will assemble toW inquire into the state of health of Lieutenant-Colonel Lys, 48th Regiment; Major Dennis, 95th Regiment; Captain Carpenter, Royal Artillery; Captain Isaacs, S2d Regiment; Lieutenant Dyer, 17th Regiment; Quartermaster Donnelly, Land Transport Corps; First-class Staff-Surgeon Roberts. The yrincipal medicalofficer will bepleased to givethe necessary directions. No. 9. The following officers having left chargers at the public service, forage maybe drawn for them :-Lieutenant. Colonel Mlontgomery, 1st Battalion, Royal Regiment, for three chargers; Paymaster Sibley, 46th Regiment, for one charger; Surgeon Gilborne, 89th Regimenlt, for one charger. By order, C. A. WDDHAI, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 7. No. 1. Theundermentioned officershavejoinedthe staffof this army:-Medical Staff-Assistant Staff-Surgeon A. Tippetts,Actin-Assistant-SurgeonThomasPerkins,27thDeceni- ber, 1855; fedical Clerk W. T. Wallace, from the 31st of December, 1855. Rejoined.-Second-class Staff-Surgeon George S. King, 30th of December, 1855. Appointaents. -Acting Assistant-Surgeon C. F. Morris, to be AssistantSurgeon,23d Foot, dated the 2d of February. Assistant Surgeon David Woods, 23d Foot, to be Assistant StaXf Surgeon. No. 2. First-class Staff-Surgeon Dr. Beatson, senior medical officer at Balaldava, vill assume the charge of the General Hospital and the troops encamped around that station. No. 3. With reference to General Order No. 3 of the 4th of December, 1855, officers and soldiers proceeding to England through France will be rcquired to provide themselves with a passport from the Commandant at Scutari; and officers returning to the Crimea from England by the same route should apply to the QuartermasterGeneral, Horse Guards, for an order of a similar nature. By showing these at the different railway stations they will be enabled to travel at the reduced rates at which French officers and soldiers are conveyed. Officers accompanied by soldicer servants in uniform can have them conveyed also at a reduced rate by third-class carriages, on stating their vish to do so -when they make their own appliEcation. No. 4. The Redan, as well as the wlhole of the interior of the old Russian works now in British occupation, will, for the fxture, be included in the Karsbeliaia district, of which Lieutenant-Colonel Turaer is commandant. The guards for this district vdll arade daily in front of the Redan, and will then be distributed to their posts by one of the Town-Majors of the Karabelnaia. No. 5. The following, having acted as Quartermasters of their regiments, may draw fieldallowance and forage accordingly I-leutenant Kinderslcy, 19th Regiment4 from the 27th of December, 1855; Ensign Cape, 88th Regiment, from the 3d of January, 1856; Troop Sergeaat-lajor Lyons, 6th Dragoon Guards, from the 6th of October, 1855; Troop Sergeant-Major Pronger, 12th Lancers, from the 14th of Septermber, 1855. No. 6. Thoe, owa18e of light to the orderly-room and pa,~master's-oflice of each brigade of the Land Transport Corps will be four rations daily, until the 29th of February, 185k. No. 7. Leave of absence is granted, on mredicalcertificates, to Cornet Idilne, Land Transport Corps; Ensign A. Maloney, 14th Regiment, to the 10th of February, 185-to proceed to Scutari. On medical certificates, in extension to ('aptain Piper, 46th IRegiment, to the 14th of January; Lieutenant Chanter, 57th Regiment, to the 21st of January; Assistant-Surgeon Roberts, 72d Regiment, to the 14th of January; Acting Assistant-Surgeon Edwards, to the 14th of January-to remain at Scutai ; Medical Clerk, Mr. Muskett, to the 15th of January-to proceed to'Malta. On urgent Drivate affair6 to Major F. West, 48th Regiment, to the 51st of January-to proceed to Scutari; to lieutenant J. Rogers, 33d Reghment, to the 29th of February, N'o. 8. The following officers having left chargers at the -public service, forage may be drawn for them -Colonel T. Adams, C.B., 28th Regiment, for two chargers; BrevetMfa ors Roberts and Aplin, 28th Regiment, for one chager a order, C. A, WQM3M W of Qth -Buz
.TO THE EDITOR OF THE-TiS. : - ebtedto you for having )atherto exercised A wvns and statemak forbeatanc, 1y witbholding from publication any document whitn, in your opinion might revivethe m.emory of reuvances now happily forgotten, or iU any way exacerbate the im feeling which is already but too prevalent against England in the united States. But, as you have now published the President's Mressage, in which, tnder the title of " Recruitment," he has deliberately promulgated to man'kind in every region of the globe alleged maisconduct on the part of Great Blitain, " infringing the municipal law, -derogatory to the sovereignty of the United States, and requiring not only a cessation of the wrong, but its repara-tion," I- trust you will see no objection to my submitting, through your colunms- to the judgment of td advocates of poeace, to the preat and good men of all nations a few facts, which I resuscitate, not for the purpose of proving that in the act complained of we have committed no wrong, nor for the mean object of recrimination, but to convince the enlightened classes of the United States that; as our Christian brethren, it is their bounden duty to terminate the trifling question in dispute by magnanimously forgiving us our trcspasses, as we forgave them when, as I will briefly show, they trespassed against Ur. President Pierce in his able Message rsts, or rather constructs his complaint against Great Britain, on the folowing basis - "Itis," he declares, "The traditional and settled policy of the 'United States to maintain imparEial neutrality during the wars which from time to time occur among the great Powers of the world. Performing all the duties of neutrality towards the respective- belligerent States, we may reasonably exopect them not to interfere with our lawful enjoyment of its benefits. "Our municipal law, in accordance with the law of nations, peremptorily forbids not only foreigners, but our own citizens, to fit outwithin thelimits of the UnitedStates a vessel to commit hostilities agaiust any State with which the United States are at ace. " While the laws of the Union are thus peremptory in their prohibition of the equipment or armament of bheigerent cruisers in our ports, they provide not less absolutely that no person shall, within the territory or jurisdiction of the United States, enlist, or enter himself, or hire or retain another peron to enlist or enter hiself, or to go beyond the Imits of jurisdiction of the Uinited States vwith intent to be enlisted in the service of any foreign State, either as a soldier or n marine, or seaman on board of any vessel of war, letter of marque, or privateer." Tow, with a desire to convince the people of the United Statesthattheyhave notealways fulfilled this doctrine, I beg leave simply to recall to their recollection the following historical facts, which took place when their present Minister of War, Mr. Marcy, was Governor of the very State (New York) in which these facts occurred. 1. Previous to 1837, in a time of profound peace between Great Britain and the United States, the Government of the latter country, vho, like everybody else, dearly foresaw that, sooner or later, there would be an outbreak in Canada, deposited on that frontier a quantity of 'United States' artillery and of new muskets, for which they had no ostensible use, and which, to say the least, they took no precautions to guard. 2. In the year 1837, after the three dayse insignificant but long expected rebellion in Upper Canada had, without the aid of troops, -been effectualDy suppressed, two American citizens, self-styled, in large printed placards,-" General Van Ransalaer, commanding 1st Division of the Patriot Army," and " Major-General T. S. Sutherland, commanding SecondDivision of thePatriobarmy,'"-whicharmy, bypublic advertisements and at public meetings had beenopenlylevied in the United States-took possession of these unguarded cannon and muskets, the property of the Government of the United States. 3. Major-General Sutherland, sailing with a part of his "Division" on board anAmericanvessel, directed a heavyfire of the cannon he had thus seized upon the inhabitants {women and children) of Her Majesty's town of Sandwich, under the pretence, explained in his placarded "-Proclamation" of liberating them, instead of which the people of Sandwich made him anad thelwhole of his sympathizing force prisoners. 4. The remainder of Major-General Sutherland's Division landing on another part of Canada, after killing and -wounding 30 of Her MajesWs soldiers, under the command of Colonel the Hon. S. Maitland, maltreated and robbed the British inhabitants of Point Pel6 Island of horses, hogs, sheep, cattle, and poultry, valued at above 1,0001. sterling, the whole of which they carried off to the United States, 5. Another porlion of this "Patriot Army"took forcible possession of, and then burnt a large British steamer, named the Sir Robert PeeL 6. In the harbour of Buffalo, in the United State;s in broad daylight, in the presence of the United States' Marshal and of other high authorities of the Federal Government, of the Government of the State of New York, and of a militia regiment quartered in the immediate neighbour hood, 1,000 men were set to work by the American General Van Ransalaer to saw the Caroline steamer out of the ice, in which she was -firmly imbedded. Seventeen American citizens openly and publicly signed a bond to indemnify tbe proprietors in case of her loss. The American collector of customs gave her a lieense, under the authority of which, and amid acclamations of triumph, she sailed for Navy Island, Her Maje,stys territory, where, acting as a passage boat, she assisted in conveying American-born citizens and 22 pieces of artillery, belonging to the United States' Government, which for a fortnight were fired from Her Majesty's territory upon her unoffending subjects in Canada ! - When the Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada, and M1r. Fox, Her Majesty's Minister at Washington, called upon Governor larcy in particular, and the several American authorities in general, in deference to the laws of nation;, to recover from General Van Ransalaer the United States' artilUerywhich was wagingwar against Great Britain, Colonel Sir Allan M.NTab received in replyan official letter, laid before Congress, from the American Commissary-General Arcularius, reporting and confessing, as Governor Marey had previously reported and confessed, his utter inability to do so. Nowv, for all these violations of those laws of neutrality, the strict maintenance of which President Pierce, in framing this complaint, has just declared to be " the traditional and settled policy of the United States," no offence was taken by the British Government, no " apology" was required. England has had dark pages in her domestic historycruelties aud folies not a few to answer for; but in al her annals, from the beginning of what may deserve tobe called her intercourse with foreign nations, fronm the day she had a foreign policy and a national character to support, she never tamely submitted to so much insult-was never so degraded and disgraced as she was in 1837 and 1838 by the outrages which she suffered to be committed against her subjects in Canada, not only without chastisement, but without anything like a spirited remonstrance, But, after having exercised this extraordinary forbearance, after having practically Ehown to the citizens of the United States that England preferred patiently to endure almost any insult rather than commit the sin of embarldng in a fratricidal war with them, would it, I sabmit, be creditable to them, at a moment when England's right hand is engagedinfighting the world's battle of "liberty against despotism," to add to her difficulties and to increase her sorrows by insisting on talingoffence at the British Minister at Washington having made arrangements for enEsting, not in the United States, but in the territory of Her Majesty's Colonies, whoever might voluntarily repair there with a desire to join the British army nobly fighting in the Crimea for the freedom of mankind 9 The American people, before they resolve to ca3 England to account for an alleged "v iolation of the laws of neutrality," so minute that the solar miscroscope of their sharpesti-sighted lawyer can but barely perceive it, ought surely, pa- conird, to remember the good temper with which the Old Country has submitted to a repudiation by the State of Florida of about $2,000,000, by the State of Arkansas of al their debts, by the State of Mississippi of $5,000,000 of their debt. They should also remember the unpaid debts to this country of the States of Alabama, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and MaryIand. Hoping that the good sense which characterizes the people of the United States will induce them to feel, from the foregoing facts, that it is their duty and our duty, their interest and our interest, to forgive whatever injuries we may intentionally or unintentionaUy commit against each other. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant.> F. B. READ. Oxendon, Notthampton, Jan. 17.
THE MrUXDER i IBED:FoRD-Row-The coroner's inquest on the death of lMr. Waugh was yesterday again adjourned till to-morrow at 10 o'clock, in consequence, as Mfr. Waldey informed the jury, of legpal difficultics lu obtain. iag th Ipresenc of the prisoner Westron before that day. ir. GE. Lewis, of ly-place, folborn, was in attendance yesterday, and announced that he. appmeed at the request of the faiy on the prisoner's behalf. It is now-well understeed thab the defence will ret upon the ground of insanity. Previous to the adjournment of the Court the foreman of the jury complained that in our report of the proceedings on riday last the place in which they had first assembled was called "a miserable little pothouse." This sttement he considered calcnlated w do harm to the landlord who, he said, was a very respectable nal, and conducted his business with great propriety. It ws not intended by the expression to cast any imputation upon the management of the publichouse m question, but merely to oint out the larin an fitness of such places for inquines of the land. orso solemn an affair as a coroner7s inquest into the death of fellow-creature a taproom is surely not the prorer sor' of place. When Justice is hustled on her way into and out of court by gin drinkers, and when she sit all day lone in an atmosphere of beer and stale tobacco, how she hope thabt awi IU be sp cx d I -:
IIS- -UNCESYS'ThEAT " ' Qf t.hat once lare mound of stazdasrh]W c that is di opp1ng tit 'by bit into oblivion one of tfhri uq stable fragments's the Jcalous Wife of th6 Elder CoDIMu At tihe Olympic, having once shown itself, it has.refusbd to be thrast out by light vacldevijies. On Thursday last it figured among the "Royal theat icalsi" and yesterday evening, with nearly the same cast) it was as at WVAdsor revived at the Princese's Theatre, and excited the laukhtm and applause of a crowded audience. Why should this particular comedy exhibit such tenacitY of life amid such a general mortality of time-honourCd plays? Certainly thero is no briiantcy of writing to-foat t ilong; for if we search from scene the farst to scene the last, with the carefulness of a printer's readei to discovera single gem of sparlding wit, we shall fid our labour without profitable resuit. It is not because there is one tremendous character that calls out all, the energies of an actor, and forms one of the Bst of those ordeal-parts thhat have to bez passed through by every aspirant afrer supreme histrioniC onours. Indeed, the personages are rather of that comfortable class into which actors who have already made a reputation by more arduous efforts in other plays love to drop andenjoyasortof jocular repose. Tragedians,.esp. cially, like to vary their career by an occasional representation of fr. Oakley), as if it were pleasant now and then totake breath, aftar de icting those emotions that renid the heart, by mimicking thoese minor sufferings that merely set it in a twitter. lr. Reanfs.representation of the meek sufferer is exceedingly conmie. Placid, resighed, good-humoured, he seems to reg,ard the groundless jealousy of his " betterhaif"{how absurd, bvthe vay, must that expression have sotmded In the ears ofMr. Oaldey)-as somethingigiposed by destiny, to which he must passively submit, even as an orthodox Mussulman to the bowstring. Innocenceis written in every Ine of his face; he knows he has done nothing to merit the terrible tongue-castigations which he is perpe;tally receiving- but he quallyknovws that his innocence is of no avail, that 'whatever :he does will be misconstrued, that even i^ heb amused himself with studying.Pararc& laura wouldbecome an object of suspicion. And against this guileless being what a fearful personage-is Lfrs. OaQlley, as delineated by 3Irs. KeanI What dexterity does she mse'to throw off his guard an adversary who is never on his guard at all; with what exuberance of acuteness does she crossquestion hina and torture his poor, harmless sentences into involuntary confessions of guilt; with what a wild outburst, of triumph does she catch him tr iping! We feel that the real dupe of the play is Major Oakley (acted in excellent old-fashioned style by Mr. John Cooper), who fancies, good, easy man, that because he has persuaded his brother to sing "tol de rol" in his wife's preseicC he has subdlued that turbulent nature for e-er. -We I;ovW better, in spite of the green curtain that brings the sNory ton elose.' We know that that slight skircishe bougte no permanent victory to poor ~d.Oaliey, how-~ver flushed he might feel in the little lOnent of his litte victory, andr thatrifrthe chroniclesof the Oaley family were brought dowis to a later date we shorJdfid in the vesy next chapter that the resituhous husband became as thoroughly hen pecked as ever. But we are forgetting our question as to the cause of popu larity in the Jealous WZfc. Partly, then, it is popatar on account of its abn dant actioi and two or three hi-.hly effcdtive situations, partly because 5 conjugal CamPas's, without any reallypainful caseur beilli, is represented with great fulness of detail, and the Ladies and genltlemen can vie with cash other in laughing nt or idrkthe victorious party, just as the WVhigs and Tories comnpete d in applauding Addlison.'s Cato. One can alwvays magine that s;ome few amonig the audience compare their own condition with that of the fond couple on the stage, and are conspicuous in their mnirth to show that they do not mind it much: Nor should we forget the especial good wrhich has been done to the Jentor u TVfe by its abridgment into three acts, and the consequnt annihilation of one Captain O'Catter, long ingloriouslycelebratedas the worst Hibernian on the stage. The play being essentially one of action, the incident- gaim by being brought close together.
JENNYY LIND AT EXBTEPR HALL. The concerts of Madame Goldsclnidt at Exeter Rall seem to be as much in vogae as at the outset. The fifth took place last night, when the hal was inconveniently erowded. The oratorio was Mendelssohn's Elija7, a repetition of which condrmed in every particular the impressions derived from the performance of ainonth since. Mladame Goldschmidt's singing in Elijah reachesthe acme of the sacred style. While attempting m3uch less, with P -view to absolute effect, than in the Crcation andthe -HessieT&, she does rnore to attain that complete realization of thecomposee'sintentions whichshouldeverbetheaim of atrue artist. Mendelssohn, -we-are persuaded, imagined very little in the principal soprano part of his oratorio that is not fully ap. prehended by 3ladame Goldschnidt; and he probably did! not dream of anything like the ransceendent fervour of her "Holy, holy "-which heard once, it may be safely said, can never pass away from the memory. It was for Madame Goldschmidt, indeed, to discover the lofty expression of which this brief "Sanctus" was capable. As a musical setting of the words, simple, impressive, and true, it has always been extolled by musicians and connoisseurs;* but M!adame Goldschmnidt felt its sublimity; and froms among a clnster of beantiful things in the second part, wvhich, admirable in their place, are stil not to be ranked with the capital points of Elijah, she may be said to have pointed out "Holy,' Holy P" as an inspiration .worthy of being placed as high as anything else (even " Thanks be to (God") in the extrdordinarywork to 'wisch it belongs. This'vas the instinct of genius. Theperformance last night was generallybetter than on the previous occasion. The choruses for the most pad; ,went with remarkable vigour and precision under the direction of Mr. Benedict ; and the other " principals"-lsfise3 Dolby, B. Willians, and idessent, Iessrs. Lockey, Lawler, and Weiss-sang their best. The unaccompaned trio, "Lift thine eyes to the mountains, whence cometh help" (Madame Goldschmidt, Misses Messent and Dolby), and the contralto air, " O rest in the Lord" (Miss Dolby), were both given to perfection, and both unanimously encored. The audience were not less discriminating tlhn liberal of applause, and testiAied the usual enthusiasm in favour oi 3dame. Goldschmidt.
HoRUIBLE MunDnm Ez LivERPooL.-LirvYrooz, Jan. 21-At an early hour this morning a vagabondnamed Ferguson, aged about 25, weUl knomn to the police by the fash name of "Fake," went into apublichouse, and boastea that he " had just done the business for his wench," a girl named Dranmond, with wbhom he formerly cohabited. Information was given to the police, -who, after taking him into custody, subsequently found the body of the youngT woman in Wolfe-street, Toxteth-par,, -with her thIroat cut; in a shocking manner, the head being almost severed frona the body. ft has since trapired that the prisoner was con. nected with a desperate gang of burglars in the towvn, composed principaly of ticket-of-leave men. While living with the deceased, he had -frequently charged her with giving information to the police, and had sworn that he wonld cut, her throat. Last week three of this gang were apprekended, charged with burglary, and were conumttecl fcr trial at the assizes. Last night the prisoner and the deceased, together with some reckless companionz, were drinking all night at a low publichouse, Which they left together at an early honr this morning, and nothing more was heard or seen of him until he returned to the house with the statement which led to the finding of the deceased's body. When apprehended, he said lie didnt care for the consequences, as he had said he would db it. An inquest will be held on the body of the deceased befora the borough coroner in the morning. Ferguson has been known to thepolice for about ten years, prowling about tho docks as a tlIef and vagabond, and has frequently been in Re occasionally worked as a striker in a smithy. the deceased had been living with another mn, %fl'w PVIUmC A0roi-nEN-xs.-A retumn to an order of the Rouse of Coammons was on Saturday published of all nevw laces created and appointments made since the 9th of APrl, 1848, with the salaries of each, "c It appears that in England 2,775 appointments have been so created, with salaries amou4ting to 427,480? ; in Scotland 11, with salaries of 5,845?.; and in IreLand 1G7, with salaries of 3;,430L-makia" an aggregate total for the united kin3gdom of 487,40sf1. It should be observed that the greater number of the new offices havelbeen in substitution for other offices revised or discontinued, and that in some cases additionshavebeenmadeto officesinconsequence of the war with Russia. In England the following is tha' list of some of the offices and departments-viz., in the Adjutant-General's office, 2 offices; in the Admiralty and Naval departments, 48; in the Axmy and Ordnance (Medical Department), 4; in the Audit-office, 24; in the Board of Trade, 31 ;in the Charity Commission, 34; in the Colonial land and Emigration-office, 24; ini the Colonial-office, 1; in the Commander-in-Chiefs office, 2; in the Commissariat, 1; in the Coimmittee of Council on Edrucation, 84; in the Customs, 1,054in the Directors of Convict Prisons, 376; in the Foreign. office, 74; in the Board of Health, 17; in the Homeoffice, S ;. in the inland Revenue, 330 in the Rational. Debt-office, 3; in the Ordnance, 117; in the Post-office, 340;. in the Stotioaery-office,.8; in-the Treasutry, 3;, in the War Department, 27;- in the War-offiice, SS; in the Woods andPForests, 10; and in the Worixs and Putblic Buildings, 54, besides some others. VAnsE OF SI,Avr Lws.-A few weeks ago twa& intoxicated Kentuckias found anegro asleep in an hotel at Cincinnati, and, for amusement, they took a- camphine lamp, and, pouring, the fluid over his whiskers, ignited its and the poor fell7ov,s head and neck became inistantly vwrappedminan intense blaze, w.hich continured unrtil the Iluid was consumed. The srtffermgs-of the victim were dreadful in the extreme; No refinement of' torture could have produced more exeruelating misery. But, srange t say, death did not rdease him from torment until after the lapse or two wees. Nt o legal investation took pLace, an! the youmg men arranged the matter by paying the landiorv of the hotel $1,200 for the loss of his servants-.iacriCem GA5.GOW, 3alL 19.-CottoI.-TM Thursclay oUn marlet vas excessively quiet, with drooping rices, buat 011 that day the anival of the peace news totaly clanged tha feeling, mazm nyholders careless about se unless at an advance of 3 . to JdL per lb., at wvich a moderat3 business hlAs been done. The aame spirit actuates the goods and yarns market. The business doneinthe Latterhas beeM very extensive, at an advance of from id to ldaer lb. Iron.-There has been considerable fluctuationinthepig' iron market during the past week ; fire, onccomunt of tht extensivecalliugg up of storekeepers' warrmats sold for for' ward delivery, -when the price reached 78 6d. cash, but speedily subsIde4 to 77s., and again sDrung up to 79s. on se. ceipt of the news from Vienna. Only a limited trade war done at this extreme price, and under influetece of aleS. chiefly on Bear account. Business has been done to a f*-' extent downto 77s..6d. cash, tnd 77s. Sxed dates; theibebeig about the closing quotations this afternoon. Iron in sinker hands can be had on ealtr t is-mnI,i 77S; No. 1, 7VA -No. 3, 75 ;, 0. > ;;.
SALES BY AUCTION. Order of Sale This Day. M ESSRS. PRICE and CLARK be- to announce J--that the SALE of the FREEMOLD and IiMASEHOLD PRtOPERTY, THIS DAY, at Garraway's, at 12 for 1, wil takc place in the following order:- 1. The valuable Fzeehold Estate, No. 5. King-street, Finsbury. 2. The Ieasehold Dwelllng-houses. vith shops, situate in Lisle-street, Little Newport-street, Soho, and Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell. 3. The Beneficial Lease of the desirable Business Premises (nith doable-fronted shop), No. 2i Piccadilly, ogpoette the Green-park. 4. The well-built Ieasehol Esden.c, . o. 24, Alfred-road, Harrowroad, Westbourne-green. 4S, Chancery-lane. Re Wellefs Bankruptcy.-Arrangement of Sale of the extensive Stock in Tmde of a Beatherfactor and Boot and Shoe Dealer, the Lease of the Premises, &e T.HESSRS. PRICE and CLARK beg to announce 1 that the SALE ;ill talkc place at 14, Giltspur-street, To-morrow (Wednesday) and Thursday at U1 for 12 preCisely each day. On the irst day will be sold the heneficial lease of the Premises, the stock of boots, slppers, merocos. skivers, roans, basi3s. &c.; and the second dlay's sale will comprise 28 bags of shoe nails, the stock-of trimming', 7db. of raven sillk, &c, andthe fixtures andfittings. 1May be wiew,ed and catalegoes had.-iS, Chancery-lane. Quality-court. Clnmcery-lane.-Capital Hlousehold and Office Furn- tume, by order of the Assignees of Thomas Bennett, a bankrupt, ard other. MJESSRS. PRICE and CLARK will SELL by £V lAUCTIOY, at their Rooms, as above, on Friday, the 25th inst. at 11 for 12, a roewod DR.ALVhNG ROOM SUITE covered in damask, chimney-glasses, Brussels carpets, paintings, prints, and ormaments, Spanish mahogany loo and dining tables, chairs in sets, easy chairs, sofas and couches. maho-anyfour-post and Arabian bedsteads, and escellent bedding, chests of drawers, and the usual bed chamber appendages, an iron proofsafe, mahogany tables and desks. domestic reqnisites, and miscellaneous items. 31ay be viewed on Thursday, and catalogues habd.-, Chancery-lane. Cenuine forcign Cigas, old, well matured, and of the very best quality P.W. A. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at _ the Mart ThIS DAY of abuary 22, arid Friday, 25th, at 12c Senuine, old, FOdeEIGN CiGt S, of very supeidor quaity, and lotted to suit private buyers. On view on mornings of sale, and a samiple box opened for inspecting and tastmig. Cataoes at the shart, and at Messrs. Robis' ofReces.nf azza. Covent-garden. CarnberwDll-eirstn-last Freehold Villa RStidenrc, foroecupation or inveOtment. UP. W. A. OARLEY will SELL by AUCTION, at ;YE. av the Parte the cad of February, TWa O su3pior semi-detached EaIDEn CES, desirably situate, o eosr i and 4, Grove Villas, the Grove, husbersemll, Surrey. Further uarticulars will be shortly a- tiounced.-8, Regent street. .So. 18, Co -'aben-strcet, Islington.-Stocd,oatur,s,andIlte ansi in Trade of an Oi ala aCinreae ofed Sale l IIU1TR. PETER iBROAD will SELL by AUCTION, TION on the Premises, To-morrow, January 23, at 12 for l, therreainind n STOCK in TAoDE,of thhe ordinnary dgescriptiona the frxetues end tensls. ncluing ountss, belvng les,eo drawers,ogdsfttings, scales, eelghts, mills, cisterns, and the usual effects of an Oilman, On vieew morapogotf sale, Catalogues on the premfi3s; and of the aue.n tioricer, 23. Poultry.Ysater an AA powverful Crab, Eraffold Poles and Boards, mahogany Fixtures and Aittings. ThmbereBnildng aterials, an d new and old Firew ood ,TR.TR. KING is inStrCted ` t0 SELL by AUCIV TION,To-morrow,-January 2S, at12,.at.Quebec-harf,tings land-baint, the TnIBEr DEA lS and PLeANKiS (removed from Dept ford and aroolweh alo prepnred hoaoard, oak planls, and sdantdengu esahogasydests, tables, nests of drawers, office fbtures, doors, cot n bPnrs we,lu ng machine and weights. andl O stacls of new and old fire. wood. .llaybe viewed, The alte Dr. Bacon's Collection of Shells, aLso Cabinet of fineral s boardcuttig nmwue, and Fossils,ill -12J a..C STEVENnS w°illi SELL by AUCTION, O athisgoat Room, SS ming-street, Covent-sarden, on Feiday 25th January, at IPteecss ly by order of the Administrators, t.he COLLECTrION of SP formed by the Inte Dr. Bacon, corpaining many scarf tand sine specimens, to ahich is added arcabinet olminerals and fosfils, among which will be found mnnty interesting and rare viearples, o Map be nviewd the dayprior andmorningo f sale and Frehol Esate Itlbon-hll,proucig aRenalof thelat Georgannu. TIJrechldESSRaS. zWbAR,LTE-P,RdS' c IanNd LOVEJOY are in, stracted to SEl t by' AUCTION, at Garrmaw on f aom thesday captal dweiDSnghue 3 eGbEOUnion-Iourt, HIbem, ndrSin htheorcupation o2 Union-court, all tenantedL and producing Ln the whole a rental of £24IOls. Stay be viewed. Particulars had at 3, Urnion-court; of way's: and of the auutcctioneers,5 Charery-lane. No. 8, Hereford-road, VWesthourne rve, Baswater.-.gfode Barns qI17ESSRS. WELSFOBD~and Co. iTl Sl QLLbyAUCa theanRNITURand FECTS ofthe abrove res idence; comprising toiur-poct, Frenct aud Arabinribedsteads and bedding, drawers, toiEt and cheval classes, marble-top wvashitands. E:c., arosewvood drawing roomn suite, thle dining room, &o., of mahoganny, and kitchen requisites, china and glassL, engravings, and pLated articles. a rorerood cottage pianoforte. On view Thursday and morningB Of sale. Catalogues on lheremhise.sadoft he auctioneer, 15, Qtueen's-road, Boaywater, and Stock andPlantof as Bookbinder, useful Fittings, and Fixtures, on the Prmies 35.Ic Pd9&Villers-atret,Strand. &_ TION, on the Prenises as above,TEIlSDiAY. Jon 22, .tllfor 12 on account of the amabher of lots, by direction of Mfeast Adlard and Jns,BDwho are dhissoli2nig Paroerehpthe well-eleted nanudt useful presses Dressinghoards, ga-tvs i leters, tols rollipall;etst, and the board cutting machine, redin- macbins, lsLon's cutting machine, a safe office desk, varsu cneien itmgas ftig, do. My be viewted on hfondag and cataloguee bad on the premites; and of the' Twini. Fce,of PeSuhrefo-rd, nleagrrCUamuubrlPd5O.-By MANN ad SON, at the Eed iaon Hrotel, Petty-ny, Cambrndge, (removed fromn the villa residence, at Shelford, for the convenience of saile, to the Ball 32oom at the idon H;otel) lon Tuesday, January 29, at 12 pancrinly. (iONSISTING of Cabinets Pictures of the Dulteb d Jem r J. RuyodaA,W be ierefgetesil Si ee, ey n purchassed by the Plate r. kTls frrom theO BExbitieEonof the ioyl Aeselerny; and a few -chosco cngravings,- amongst which sco- The' Saf o, ,' Wlle, fto a. Tesburg: The Boy Blowing BubDbles.I atter liera;,afun9 ns hulani, -by Wlllc, alt Ir Dietricy sand Drints, byWoo.ett, Sir-It Etrance; &:c. -Br be viewed the day 6efore -and on them 2sninof naJC. CtlguiseswLIbe fonnwtrdeon appicafleato3fesar. dli- midWInter, soacliseo the ezecatoisef ~lelalte Yfr, 51;o 0te C Ifousc and Shop. Ne~w-street, 3)orset2-ufar and five sets of Stabring. in Oak-tree-mews,~ St. John's-wood preforg £143 per aninum. C HINNOCK and GALSWORTHY are inffructecl IUto SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart on WcdnecM.,Fcbrnavy 20, at I, the capital HOUSE 'and CHINA SH1OP, IS, New-street, ost-square, let on lease for akn unexPired term of 21 years at £71 prannumn, and held for an unxexpired termaof 91i*yeare (Lem 30ldays) at peperor ret; lsotie setsWo Coach- tem at b o grudirentioando h Troucing. £7aet anm Myb diewe, Fndrpartiuay otie fMsr.'aineadVlac krsolcitwors 20 Esegtet tad ofMesr. Burgone,Cek n Jamles-steet60 e Oxondsre;o onHri,Et,slctr 8 xy antreet; anO f Jmuss Cenokai alwrly utinesads busines prosC hand tmLsW Rand wp lSELb teaUnts,wio, bv padieto ofthe trute,atl h at e ens Wesoomsb -try,Hgo; apivt Cresidence No. Gi, esatboumu-pace, aisOrde-r ofd the excellent corne houe ind o in' she caues, Jamessteeullet on lrease at d £110 cranusm anpemna therdsrbewhus groun rhet £R probatinnum. TheJde etirhoe propurty tile sold cabies Particu onedeslars taye obtained at theruart;,of Metsrs eaxter. Rtose, and oton, soeitonars, 3.Prl-tret, b Wesin Citsr:A of Plands CALVinnCkand Gaothe , auctionee pors ed toUrvheyoars,e2, iegent-stre,Wtrlopae loresbHs, Holoih-street arid CrEstrteet. viz. :ls-Lotuan .Toe aLlngOrertaofithe&Hbig-hCourt kofwhncey madte iron, Fthe ase Oxfor llotre v. diregtopry" andotherb mcauses supp-Lemeta thereto, witheeth, appobtion 'of t iheJudeeto whos Nourt th raid case O'cletckLat_ noona t3lhe s Auctn ar, city,' by' Mesighstrs.CtILoC7 aNd.46 Hgh-s(treet; Lthe NoY Hucioneesapitredto sel the sa8, Hinh str'ee;t 0 followi ngdFrehol Elihstret;s 'i.-Lot 11W . 24 Thewn long-esantablisheedtsPubthe-housknwasthe doCrown-,I; LAInt in Ofar-srieetiretlyop posabe, itTemenTttrb-ou-radjoinit 2.spa Nou.sh1, RHig d cah-stethotu3. ano. 3ihstrbeet rot 43No. N25. 26 and 27, Hmigh. No.et 46Mig-treet; 'ot. 2 No. A i Hi3 Cr,p-street- iNo. 2348 High Regent?-jdace, and ns. 1, 2, 3,4, 5,6 and 7 Burnett's-bulldings; and Lot 15. ~os. 32 to 18 Crown-stree, boil inelu'ivo, and Ens. 8,9, 10, and 11, lRegent's-place The aforesaid premises are let chiefly on leas to respectable tenants at rents amounting to £1,130 per annum, and wil be 01 the increqssdyearly value of £1.920, as estimated on the expiration of a termof 19yearsnowunexpired, andito which thelotsl, 1t, and obWiod(ratloofpesr.&Cooperanduinogo olctos93 e1lm buldng, SCrbAy's-InN;M.att .Elmart olicToursd_,F4.Mebrury2e.ate 1r. RoInber ell,YsOLIcitr,ROld erTYdsiamblyrsituar Wn te Cooper Xl,D osolo,sIidfrd-cteivbeton the decas ofy, slciory4, ngeoln6'sin fu lnotlso sh,auctioneersiand lan sureyMors.28g Rgegetret C 1HI1\N0CK and GALSWORTUY ari dS-EctL bo SELL AU yTIO T,Oat athe Mart, on Thursday, Feb. munsytl1 . ath m 12.rtalut ndvluabPlel REVOERIONtTY+3,udesirably situatein in theHgh wNorksaops,qgarden,oand orharT adjinng Lcasontainsing enearl three repcaleteato f lon setadn,ctner`lenses, fo cuatiet onsi. al AUCein.TompON, and CheMar, solicTours,a4, Stoe-build t 2ings liots's-W strelentpriWateRlopae,I CSNs3n4Nrln-qaeXtig £16l,000t Conl receivable oenat tht eI deeseo a lauy, ags ledes6;inrfour ltiem'o4.onts,nbygdiretionaof heModateage raamey, C ACINatthefMarehooneThrsday,gtebm2, atmdrtroeet. 2,athevim-ed aidportantcvluaroblaied atEthe at ;of W.600 Cosoe,sandion, inq th Uonamesrhihl respetabglel trustees,me and reeiabebhedeeseon. Parih hsbandt (whohweing an son Msh srs.tChinn2,orcbin an daughoteshal at. aindealwrthy autiner, 28, RegenDtW teo-street,Wtroopae Dolade-squaret Sott.nGilWs--l-Th ble palLeasehold R-nesidence,two C HINNO CR andI GALSWVORTHY wvill SELL by JA'UCTION, at the Mfart. on Thursdlay, Feb. 21, at 12, in lts.rTW efxcellentcoprvteRwhicheteCrS, from H3ahd, torln-sCrown-srett ing thl.etteofeSpt.aGlestntaa £110sbry ploert annme also the dusesirable. rousid=es n theA mentaooin.cusing superi or euses tof frecan familyn,wl besold wisth comuletedanLU ioeeceln.nth houespaire held drirect fromup thied freeholdter,fo long terms, atcpedrate ground respetsMayblvewed,o wnion-terrace, aletting-hill;bofanessrs.usieadRbeingson2, Parish. street,atlSeoutwrner aDnd ofy-cou. tnewleketeand Gletontleas uoti14eers n,28eTs Regent-stpreet.iWaterloo-plaentlfbutA e aDuinadieydfouranSt Gredtseligible easeholdagroundtenio. ;I. raNtcIlrs and pln ayLSeobtHYe wil M sELL. bypr n sof anudl- nm-, whicho 10 extlnsburomHg-street Stod Crown-stret in MaIreprsh ofd StCeas's, Bb auy, Feel cloe, tOl soewy 01 the buiart; on sofme&just Chnompetd and Galli excellent eersel daned and sup-yos pliedwith water,as and full oaccupedy Esat mosth respecatable lamo stret aStecme of V dlo-curFI ewceeed an d lOR et onlase fore 7, eivrl ea nsrs. ctheionsroducELg gyrAUCrIN,a of abou £460mper annum, Iaptnd neadforanuexpied Chrchomof5yerso, Jatuaroun ren t 1fof £65. Partixculas ndATPAIns mayd beobtine of Mhesss Cooper and OFFgCES, slciomris,ng sversam-buioflediandscoprer,'s-nlatedos aodg-le roson ides jit and qutu slclrs 0 arteisg,flar-te botrad;, Sp-sss Miapoes. dooa,plaeglssahesadPme6, Feeiks-tptlace, OdiJney-pecs atlithed Mart;end of M, opessrs.,hn and Gaherworthyng, aucotioneersandt landl ern-eyrs, Bouildin Materials on thml iAsoe HakecsaeofltemCnselrgaie Landofth la ceed insutpructions, toecSELL by AUCTIouse, gonngthPiamiser, s1.uthebexelwolntpaTElu,alcols,andotTINGSeffethe MaNSeIONwad, OFFCES caaompuishag shevea tonfcs of thea andcopery3, eflatedandtiledt Sroos,giders, joites.H n and Iurering,for bord, Spaniosh mahcoga ny dom,pato-gass sasdohes, sttarbl , Blchimat ney-pieces,poishedraes rag,Soprs, andOterSFIttigs alsotw eORcElln rust SumEr-. hose,recio AUTOf, atemplebitt'hastn columns,-lan-ge casticof the Fondridaykw rTk25 pavIng, baiodnes,an fomther efecs May-be IViewd EI[SSS EESEL ad ORNE aW e SELA±VLSiucSTedbytbenDiretrso the Cnsrvtiveci Stond Society,t SELLugbyraUd,ON Soto-morr onWed. January 210ao ath sal for the matotrerasere h hl of the maso)eaot20tRenieS,TgOCKgucon te statge, comprainsin etan,ies, plane, chestnuilmt,ralnut,sycamre and ae vaiewed offuttesadsrb.4,Parliament-street.mCalxane Tltayadothlmers,Marblelckns, atnubt'-hr,Pmi. Fri amwys o hrday, Januar225 at 12, in t one lfomt.t TWOENTY-FE by uperio BWE LOCKSHof ST stuate No.7 mofr stlyet anf No.2 acsre andtret quLoc'-ity,dbo, sWablwortbuptr ;cnainngsix4 blocks ofaem andh Siiland matrble, of,the bestdesraipineta pontion of themolatter.lin Leorv1iyewat r. T.o Jackson's, Comm. ertoal-od, teimns,co) duMay b viewed,s andyesarlognteus hadnth paremiyses ;and o h aucti ononeers, BortfoilStneGod,Boouhrod B jfESRY EAIERS anELSO and lOSEL wil SELL IHLb UTION, aGraas,nMonthdPemse,Jthe 28AtIpircialyStone orksG74 Boroyi iugh-road Sha pkp ousn Wedneshoda, Jt anuaryom0, dati10 for1. wthou cresrvfieoo thewholet of theadxe,ndsireplStOK;t consistingcf cofountais. figres vases,g enreo lowgers tradery,s bee. orn Maytoviewe on ekprevet ious,tand catslogubeasthaiofthuepopieatior, MtSOr. .iser,d oht n the premiss ostfre an entetiong mandgr of thsiessafntonrsdi40 narylawment-tret,and Coaelft Exhnge.peien h peetgo rd Tsveeda ounatBnfrwes Pnebmucans andoreethemlv. Omiue fromall artays, of on Thsea a.p 4 at thIdo , adtherei valuable stati of tat well-knreown.ALE landeBisE neOrl SEOh STaR. 111,th Reent.i stdree,WsmnteF r,pandtethree Hppl outoreasesadong, atGroducings79 peranm neeneto h firosv-classtraecarriedt Exon-attheale and berhue arnsat te rge-settime are abott55pe anti a the actioner's. S,Londn-road,y Boog. HE' Y SAINSEUS will SELL by AUCTLIOy,Aat GI',~artnGayon ThurseonModay, Jan.22.3,at 1, n litout.W well-ve buil UNWELL INEG-HOUSES, StutoesNo'.-endforo-steet ands hou2e wih yarid, wadntaerado, aisnd ro wllarainedintghe croniod nslwir Lease thoyersgfrom Sept.s for 1ma5. Letato dold teangltsprodcing £16dedin pher ylear. Paticulearse wiGabetaetenand' audtradefLondonroad,o Suburban f esssTahaeman HENRY HAINES ~and otesONwl. EL yAC P PA Ew SELbAUTION, aOrauys oonnyJn28alreieythe Pre TAVeRNan W2N VAULh-tS,edmnt, CabrelgerTHIS Dcommandigpo 22 t he alfastu of anciey,aouth SOfCtrade an is rpleY with domIToie7 comforts.n-oreatvnarperyofflrbge tEraiwde a be donem, andr atthe prantdtunerosthemreceiptswlbearothtradinestgto. It is consietr defi red ta,incldtheehandsofgany enterrsfingemanagier, abuinesso niao odi narylasswillattahuitelf,totheremies hrznanditthepesettged-wt trade is iewd a afoudaton urone muchd morenxtng of e,Omnibouses infromalprtes of teoamwsop a thC ooar, and thelre, isomramwa station, aToa-lihtremove The. leas is neorZparly of yearsw and theorehntdi mIAOdrt.ForTpabyrtiuadswappl Conlteareisotesr eminenamakey's; t ha.Gerge HyM Eatrs, auctiogeter. Grosvenorstretws,%caon-ethsquare; aindsa ltheg auctioneer'sy offrices,eS.musorgate-steet city. soio sale. R HA e iew e S h a ro and Sorn illnEL of sl.wecaUa TION,at Gmasry5s, n Mods~ an.28 at 0 witoutireerve has arid avanage, aisin frm alare igh ourhfoodan im!mens througfar. anhafor anyyear doe a aoodterade Ino- cluedithesal oftheleae wll e te tnan's nd rad lituts,o 'Windsor and other toilet soaps in 7lls, boxes, 3-chlow soap, blackleas, paye gus, c.;also mahogany-top counters, capital fitting of t bms, 2apanmed canisters, drawers, mills, beams and acal2s, outside Lamp, meter, Ac. ; together with excellent furniture. coniprising rosewoodk conches, chairs, screa, feather beds, bedsteads, engravings,paint. hags, dials, musical iustrements, dcrvssag cases, wearing apparel, cad mncellacous effects. On view mrnoing of sale, Catalogues at tho rooms; and at the auctioneers' offices, 1e, Hatton-garden. ,On the Great Northern RaUiway.-To Railway Contractors, Engtineer, Ironfounders, ltrdllwights, Builders-, and others.-ly3r JAKSO -and GlEO. JACKSON, Jun., (who are jointly cnendi hssse by direction of Thomas lirassey. E-sq;. at thelWrsna h otr Bar Station, on Wednesday, Jan. 23.'and floigdy,a h 'Works near the Welwyn Station, on WednedyJa.0,tth 2Workil near the HuniLnfgdou Station, on Wdedy e.6 t2 each day precisely F OUR B-nadred Tonm of east atnd wrought Iron, 30. * tons of bar and rod lr6n,-bolts, and nuts, 660 waggons, the oak~ adfir timnber of 70 tunnel cerntecs,46 railway crossings 100 tracks _egonwheelsand axles, 150 hip%s,tea,mengines andb bters, caepitat, -irlI 4 feet 6 inches diameter 5 feet wide, It inch thickt, with oak frame ;-mortir mills, puimps easia weigh-bridle, weighiing maacbines and weightsi, quantity of new. n iro ad ute oicbnb machinery adnLmaeosarticles;- useful timber, several briek an'd timber-built cottages;vworkshops, and sheds, with slated and tiledroots-- alsaaqoantlty ovWmdow fraines, dooTs; framin&,-&e, Tbewho1eVlying 2ear the followingxaiway stations on theGreat iorthcmrLnMo; viz,:- Potter's-tkar, Welwyn.Steverage, Hitchs, Biggleawade, SLVNeot's, a;nd Hsiititngdon. The sto'res at Poett's-brmnay. be viewed previous te the I he extensive St~ock of Rooks of Messrs Varty andI Owen, book- ellers, of York-house, No. 31. Strad, London. HOXDGSOX will SELL by AUCTIONT, at Ihis i ew Rooms, forlr et-srect an Chancery-lane, on Fridty, JAmn. 25Tn he olwn as(unday excePtess, by order of thtsine h le extensive and well-selected STOtll of I icvdern RB'OOKS Otf CMear Varty and Owen, booksellers andpublitbers.of York-bouse, Strand;- comrprising numerous oieg of the best mnodern Iptblicationfl, illustrated~ books, at]a&e,, standr works .k&cf, many Ieinlgin Morocco, calf, andothser bindings;- a veu large a manent of 32 ew and improved- School boo,ks, elemenary and instinctiv6 works. B3ibles, tPrayer-hooks, and Church Services in great variety;,together with te remaindersof the popular educational works and app.ratuato alq instmtion,oco beooksand tablet leso-on sheets, sexiptnre pnints, printsof arlistoymps,&c., with the lithographic stones and copyrighLs. To be viewed and eatalogucs had of H1. H. Stansfeld, Fasq., offiia assignee, B6Asinalsee;ada M op offices, corner of Cb'aneerylane an~ Fleet-stret. The Law LibEp,icsof Two Gentle.enl levn the profeesion. RIf t. HODGSON will SELL by AUCTION, at his IXl new Rooms, the corner of Fleet-street and Chancry-tane, on .}oiday, Febru. 4, atd boling dast2, athealf-aWt LL any25o twousn columenoen lainoge tBerfcsi, connsi csting of moderntratiooses,e book Mewssradatlous. hartinl. ns tc-o iF~inm&. _tR HODGSON wilSELL by AUCTION, at his iLnew Rooms, the corner of Fleet-strect and Chacery-lane on sordroftum ines of moe MeBOs,m bein ad we) dxig the mtc far~ote o-t oiif Fbrusintess vithathe duplCate of twoSEstL end cirCultY libAThees coprising gthek lth motthpopulareel Poyages and T praves,hnel andth Works ofFitioon, etumerous coiefs onfUteWrs ofu the oets,and oterVP poa bODGOksN hansomeebinedins ueilebUooks. tc;lo an unItyofbok in queaboe SAnd boads A dCTO,% tohe vieswed, and bacbin MesaCpyrgh. Tort ands Owv ben' StgavkefdSatiaivery. gret c. pens,anR.h propritos wive kepL bym n h AUChetO , stte t hfis ray,.U new nt,ohsn thecossryner ofapetstrecot aind Canterylanes diby coneiesrf hAusrignhes ofMsrs.i Vagirty anc. Own, o the woebigcmont ofiFebruary the valuab fleo STdormnK on of US ebetFUL se an eFNCxta-t TINIY iete as c atalogues are prepariganfupaiclwUbedyanig. ce( ' aoIffheSoiey fr h DifSELn of AUseflKowledge.hi ilT I. HODGSON hsrcie ntutost n IV.Jndudc inb th abovef SAE by aCLLCTION, the BrseKSin March, Woeetres reaiin SOC ofth theAPS of the Soiey or thle D Thesentof UsefulinKnowledge - wtogterwt the 212rgbs Stereloltyes and pes,and Sthee Proptes,of thae keptar thems inth highnestsat oflaccu coere inL AODStrli, heasrcticivego instrucc:thewole bein com- T by.AUCTION, at his new Rooms, the corner ofFleet-streetanid Cliarcery-lane.b orero the Cu weofbuneil o the Hoticutua SocIAiet. STheCKEofINhe STOCDAR NOfVtELS antiLIR0TONCS; ieoupgrth thle, pvopula wih heorpkPs of Cp.Mrythe Whl. ILaMaxelo, eAuhr pof mmFR MODGrs i HEll. byma A CIoNd, ait higs worV nrewsRooms,ted ornerl fFle-sretadChner-an,o s.c.n Teiclanboutab0 olumsc is clasialthsoicl andoqie,wt h there, Worps beng te theadupltcates wbol, ofd the vlabrar of tihetIfnouabta ogeseaetyo thepariddlei Temp.cT bel viewed,landw apeareue.hd The ertntiralemo aluaingStocadkul,aioE with the Copyrights,SretpPaes an See Pats,ofth Sandar Nxotyelats adRmnes 2 o MI.HODGSON has rEceve instUCTIONs totSELL bynCIN thsew Rooms, the corner of Fleet-street and Cacr-ae h Chney-aeuitelst vweekofiFebruary the entire REMAINDR tefloing STOCK ofithe STAgn Stdies,OE and Indx,LayhnCrESd omprisngrv thegs poplar wvorks2 fofrat Ma3ratt W.D .op xwel, Aihteouthrs ond mapnyotheri te steemdnoveplstes,Ms Hall theomais Hoody. theistoEI wort, cmdand abou Charles volumes in ol.goth andcopires, with the stereo- tpeanste plates totewal,anuhdvlal copyrights.OBres(I.I)Nvl gpia Dcat1logus at3so-cpepari.0i whpich; ful patclarBbs wSil apea. )Gooia tImporant StaeioficalAcuablef StandardiPulicatmions, wiThth. Croyrighsts .rl2s., ad te serandp SlteretyePates.ygt ooV o h BJritihOmDrG2 osON wmeill SELL, by.T aUCTgmIOng, at hemis Ing. neo Roos, w thLe coreretp ofd Fleet-street an Chanhery-lane the e fistWeeks ind Maprcgh,theo sentice ohrEMAINDERSofsathecfllowing wimprtntW ORSi. hrt :-mKnight' Nationueal reand ricoril . a ner, wth iscxYou SThudis,and Ondx,inanyhndrd oodtt. t SEngav coyighT,Iandh attre~ plartes ton theay stdesb ny heNtoa Cabp.-labyCalesLTTR PA nighT, for t ole. . cpewt h tro TORe plrateshand cop xerihtO'yng e'am at. a JNvlBorahclc tivando Steatisticald amt ofathe Baritish Emie os slsa lhg copies, withate,n stereoyeadselpae;tgther wihnhey aindeo rs G anMcpSihutsewofsvralOhth ouabok-atcuso Feriodizd Four ethousaned Original WoodreZnto._ evrin MU R. G.OGSNHas rEceiedinTructfiost SELL b byAUCTION, atthie,Latnew Rooms,thebrneryof Fb-tree andock .CbanTINry-an,boT ILOt SORGNALo WOODENURATH of many3.44 ofhlrge sirCe,nct Bat]a very ti rat d ostl5fo thedPictorilTimes, consit-he igofitllutratiodndsaof mostfromlthe remarkable stena durin sevral yherars, uswesmaybilhtadpit,vesof citiEyes,nolmenra andRygentle Periodie cal Sale,-establishedHafaCnry-aubea~f, R.. G.E. SHUTTLEWORHwl ELb T ACIN. at.tle Mart, on Friday. eray1 t 2 h au Exceflrehtchn ande rerng blcan atollsoleasole,o theer gas safety windowuleaer,oad plaetes amr.oesae o xiiiga theCrystaIPlac, andfutheir Roms Atixulrdmayboehad natthe Malt; pndtof sevr.al se.s ofSlutttewoth 32. P, oult es.anesycir,u PerliB Sle:estblised alfa cstuy.oonsoetablen, Reewion. with heelvudindsa selegadaing frm oom,lie6 aginste coland 70. Fur-a iger prtcuelanirsa nble hadofmnesgas.e, byerutifulcat-gland Itymder soliitor, 5,iuteal;at te Mat; ad ofint.0.ings orittewntalan 32.na Poultry. t Pn atlgerioadiclSl.tblhdhiaCnuy WojrtRig, E SHm- urnturndrLEuable willan osELLets,by .Lt oUrdION at the Mautrt. onh Friay, FebruaTrytte, atEsqiles ]pc[Rn. COnsls lieO 6 gINSt 0. As inrueveso to SE51LiL, ope Cet.hoeos lreifes41 Ah Contingent Reverionin toe The00re, per Cent.- ostetVors,band£ Long Thnuities, lifeay 62 agsnt4 an amley Govern-P mentlEof £ the"d. (lifer2n. Fuartherpaticularsmaytbe andofthesrsCin., Lacy ands obridgs, 1nc.udingwi'sToponap-yard, Clemaon-sre:W. He%rets Bisle, 2,oBell-yrd, Dobetors~omnsWorus;andofM.-a G.WBr shuaiearb Chimoneyr~-glasses,apaiarofhoraysmiesnthamess-r,Dcoratiebjects, today AUCioN, atD therle Rooms catloue Ohfod-stre,na the Olhpan- plete,hely Saet of witrsalnut-treechirgs, cnce, ande eartsythis, ue r- ovr 1o0ey ag dimenIoNS,Ocimney-lsst inLa aiEts, tables andclmfoies, inig oomandlibar chirsnsThusofdinin tables,y sidbords ad bokase, c.,Arbia, ourpot,e andersendary ed- catalogneshad. ~ ~ ~ ctalgus ad No. 1, aroinestret.Bedordsqure.m-Citoal moenFriue M& ED %NH YI n SN wl SELL by ACIN N, onn threiseasPremisaes,lonTesday,grJan. 25, at 1 orn, unTuallAY,withOoutth loeas reserve,e thd uefutlmdr FOURNHOTUMTUE, icludingnelganthedrawing roomisuites overedli Prisiaence damaskv,wea andcatpanofores byd Townstepemss and Pce,a cbnt dtto,uc wiongedhetonoifer nueblo chimne glsssrabeuifl u-cannane le.chalwrting ToldFe pastelors, Bade lvrpitns retln fTritsr Dy-ofBtheusualndeoterptn,sm-all slervic- of thread-patter plt,nluig bpenflrs, unea cdisetress and coReent. ieeegn china a td lass,letheoldsti rduites ndnmeou usfu0ndora rate groumdrents; let t most respionsible tenans atrnt ero Z2 ty X% £90Is, per amnnum The property offers a most eligible opportunity' for investment or occupatloun, as all the houses hn.ve been receentla erected in a superiorinanner, witih everyregard to comfort, andi tise situa-tion is in t-he most pleasant part of Lmrixtou: P'articulars may be blad of C. Stronchill, Rsq.. solicitor, 7, Colman-street ; andt of the auctioneer, 21,.Colemau-street, City. Fum'iture. OfIEce Flttlxij, IFireproof Safe, Pianoforte-, 1alatings, plate, * Plted Ware, maodern Jewellery, two Diamond Rings. Watches, Unso StnesHarnss,Chase.and Mfiscellaneous Effects. VOPLIS, SON, and HARDING Wil SELL by JL AUCTION, at their Rooms, 16, St. Paul's churchyard', on Wed-. nesi y January 21, and following day at I Punctually each day FUItNITUIE; comprisig four-post anh French. bedsteads, bedding.' forte hamberorgan, boeardrhoSomthable Satin cleton ohe praitings,tby tivechaactr~ eect. pate pltdwaeIoerMeLley w set bIllnous items.it, May o wdtedypeeigadmrig of br,an aaogus ad atthsils oms5 T`uthll Midesex, neOar h ontlltainonheGatWsr' ~~ HERON.~~~6N havurcie ntte Gretbamnetreet eaat.-Early sale of Warehouse Farniture, 2,00 Cad MURRELL .ill SELL by AUCTOIO, on thea Trcnilas 1l. Gresba-u-street; ceat TEIS DAY, January=2, aLt pesal,WA.REHOUSE FURNITURE - comprimurg 20 feel' anad aifeetmaharganT4~ tablea, tyr smaler ditto, deal clothi skin I, a c &I A n 6 09 a yd ie d a tc e tools, chbair -s, &e.; air-o a boau t 2, 000 g a slaca (climtaneys and consumers), packing-cases, and a -variety oC leffcs a be viewed morning of ale. Cataloguesbadocatho pre. sose, ndf r. Muriell, auctioneer,. LWalbrook, city. IR. MUR U-L Ls Wil SELL by AUCTION. atth andOiases. heflld'ssitateau~y th at~ln Iafordinof thei 3p. 3URRELL will SELL by AUCTION. at G wa'on Wednesday, Fe r&6at 12, byordepL,r of t EOLeuoSofTAh;omprslmoson Eek., SLtaSEOLD EeSTeTE,eoernit rIcing at gobaiCka-durltzgadenee ithnffeshconvenient lycl arthmnrangd, ituaafteo.lithn-strede-t,eFndebury: ew to petabei Stenantel Eat £6eannugm Held upontrd,a Presenti fethlce,f Occu13.o at-a low tound32ent aybe unrnol~prann abviewed.b emstno h eat atclr onuthespremtsest GratGaaway's; and of Mr. Muur rell, auctineer W'irook, city, Freolds and-oaL-o foesbur, yliBu,rader gethee Tresidencend MR. MURRLELL Will SELL by AUCTION, it Gebruawry', on Wos ednesday FbREEHO6 aLDa mactdLEflEHOI HOLUSES,stuate; copie _tagantrck-ultan getelredence an ithad evryo acommod,artione uporn leall_ famly hoetaiindern too yerooms.f weklytcen,leback andfrntbgardcn acouvnotLocamium, wirthmi.r buestaoe part1 frmth cirty apdpearend eveyfe minutef Situeateh. East.Cman-place,OldeKent-roadc,a rsn Vinbad-the ocusalnd of M.en devoln mony andattetion o rener tehosea cofrabl. Po t ,te- termWe T2yeas, Datary. ITo 3 e anm Mayb_ue, viewed. Particlarsiad on thEreiegroav os,Fq. oicnto, 23 Mor.- oDr.G anithG.aa';ade r urel utoer -W! RIf . TMURDELL will SELL by AUC-TION, linth 'IL FIebr,Jauary,i lot, s=evserly HOEEEHOLDan LUASEHOLD tOUSES rsituate inl itogn-sret drane-tetg Cme and Broad.sute i A dwcors,artn letr-upon lease una, and th eanerxtoenrlyand taber, yleboaardschernj ter gross pabote£gl0 ee annum. urythe dresin gIssmtwsll andl mappear~T, ogaid m aybbdaouS Hedth exasq., Gbedding, Clned.wrmenta-o,Leuast-stofdrest nandbof tc. terrael, maucStioer Jlie woo WabroP, cty ___sw B Olk SEL an AUCION SEL byAUCION ovn Tueroa onWneday, Jan. 20, at!11 a ieMr, the rsuperior eFARITUMRESanDEFEC wtS ofraogntlean,bc geardens,O cvaew-huesDa and morning of sable.fo invetml'entoroupathe .premase;ant- imortn Sale This ayfurt.e Portin woftheSupesinS Furnture ill-ocav of BESRS..Suh ordRetOMthEY Crma.ds tt pubRUcLCOMPET ITINll h MartLbn AUTIOrda, Janur the at 12,b orderoseth Densiretodspioe lt,26 Fnlhcy-radn acetabJones-ooder coeincuisiarwo madeb mriaheognytrawing and dining rfcorsuits inE HOerc and Hsatnharclt leon cc-warionatlif,badavtningadieintabens, sideb fonards, chefoe w la te-glases,ceto buadnegs, sagmeylan dEsshydwingglases,taesty n Brssemstcarpent, ahosg5nyrabnan bhed steadsehandpbeddiong.m s e wardrbechstsnt ofldhaee ers, mar-housctonD ahad, krtitche eula sitesh6luthatgm osneler, lamp!, Le latiessMa on thleprandofisesan at thoeemSt7 JonCwodamert-ateofce, 2S , Porieand terce CeroSt.dohn,swo Chapey.T ul. ir~note '1V,E~SSRS. BROLEA nd SON, bil SELL byN .LJAUTon,th onPremdses Jan. 2r4c, aT2o'lock,w Jatnuear23at, resecabecFAiLYo TrutesIDE wo h eeith ofronitoandbac gareGOO, coAch-houean sxtabe,neigibe forInesmen orSMS foupation, yeasat cayritae, and byteingt Nor. HeUpon-pace, Stogutferd,Eseh poinfontoff the hg romoad iouprem,sand wihin ar fiuae inuthes u-alit of the taiwa, Station sawptFrstge, abat tord anothcer.a£4 peraeninum,~ held fonra yearlon termnc, atslow perud rent. MaThegeieae viewed,a d cntla bdtthe Swe.andpand Rilgrs hedtarInns. Scoftferdhusgel Cand ed.ley Lidon' Mnns, Frs; B inges Heayd,oono. I asn olctr 7 CmrCa-roado, Stm.George'seasSt. c RITSS. BLROME andl SOSElLsbLtt APE.. pbi PremisesIgN aih-tethe Mart, onTu y,Jur24 atllo, by oder, ofI tahe dayyirectr, noneot(ulsancepbe o fe becre-ditors), t ahe bypi privateCcontn, T All acompr siuas oflI Prepared floronae with large shedls, erectios, buidig,allot leasetold portionecoprieas an sbtaicntialthree-orp rhueo IU whaforf-hil.aneld the Shi pubichousean nadjs,oinn.a ott1pr meank - eld foard-a loring terin, atg an modeaernta Mybiwd Desscrpav articularS, o wih -toalphicafflan,hdo ess tn homas,g pand bolarros, solctontote Clompan, lnnnepac Tofvle; and Pofrtlandaucioneer, 1in', Comria-odntd(ers' a tie,jiesCroydon, uryT adbuidrsadotes timbe upnhel. Premised rucs,hsirot, To-morr, cJanuay2s at. matebyrirectiond nueofmTuseesfr the benefit fceios h OD the ommodous-a premises, wherichoaresiutinheeatcteton and of Messrs. Blake, Croiydon. Croyiedoner, Mree.-B ixturea tok.nd mturaeDUtensls i,j NORIt.LANaKdSOE w fiSELL by ACT CTIuON, il onthe Premises, Hgh-telrccpedt byoEoebn January NM 1 and U folloingbday,terat CI eachlday (bydirreeloanuofaryse for athe, l bnhiof crdtr) the capita STOCK in RADES, comprising 100stusv ofsheawPreds,floor bards, a10tf3y deas,o glanks aundibatens 3ayb liarc ahedfu-anelpedvdoor,sahs andrammis,-oaf sal,becatalgusil scay`ilng hand. teplal-elmboasrdsandoofithe r in 6ueand seantlenBritainfn,ci andy. poasts and Gates.wilend ofit rounadob, scffteoldbearn liriotel, laders wheIng ans, auntndhrows, s-Ton blmfokes, rkd cothrcs.adsls CoCTadIortland paving,roaDe andthiuremypices, plan Tusand pan tile, atoinrs'irnmonger afeond bracsselor, iroLEEn rpsioy benches. timbher hoeels,gjacks,thatd HTruks inroSpump, Houbuile' cartseand. h des capispeal materils, lght sring arundetsgooamhamess uefu econdhanbd andsumerousda fecsMabe viewedL triuars day beoretin thf cNataoushdo the premises; atF . hre,lq thirmitcito,St h.es boe s of theGaraa';the M CarpetcoerInn deeaed)ofth-c nuinewa an o essmaes Fulakue, croydon.imraGfe,Euis ws Torint PaeandrPapers, r lleres, CFintur andG Furiur eaes NOR.MANaX ON will SELL by AUCTION, a T3 IRbnon'tePrmss (AutelyRoms ecued Eoehl Jond-),rect. T10 nand , Jluns23ry-terefolloCitn-road, -To-lemoro,Jaurt1,be ttatp12, althe ae miscs) the assembagesss of OUEHODIMtEcomrisin netso paof ashelves,tidrawersmahoganytop chin meras, chop gass, dcahiern deesilkO thew day h prevoustsdy and mrio aloge,she cataloges mlaye nof halad on Mre preoxse; nd fteutoer 3 , t ati'ae LTtaflegBritainecty eaeanGodIll wai-uthy possin ofth Golen ionstHotel,Si Ie's,R.DAI Hotndnh.T nhlesand others byt- .heA& moARTIDas intoScELdbAUTIO SELLo by JeinLAUCIN inf theong roomOter Pronwsesl T-onhrsday. Jan.23 1,at!I for4 in the al ftherno prsefly STOeC EAS and GOODWILL cI teabovencudn ulgilsetuat Hrnongerylosta andPST enGHO aS d presenient ranmdmnabquyntid of stong y us partyldseekgingdsafne, respecte able,and ..eadtive coalfitngsrn,fwhich,p utdergosod,ma0,-0 biecenand, constantly sefentsue. May be viewed Particulaors ning confition of saalges btind on the peie;o .. ;Torpe, 1Esq.,sol1dIctr . -v' 3 leand of r.e. t. Mactin, autonee r,msowrongstee, Smithf wield..Zn iso.7,wreay Cm;and -ptheu aner,68yde-parlk,-Sane (bty drcino a wlo121-mademhFurniture,t chtoike WassWs Pianofrts,PcurersMt, Book Prits FteandoPlatedrtce, Chrinua, and Glascs. J~R. GOODDRDwall SELL by AUCTION, onth Jan.m2isand ollowingday. (a s,alenflot ier-ittedyipon. the perofmsr)thelf astesunermblAge f OUent-heSOLDCKTU; cnitwi io pdtandfolvr vtes,esomecvalua,blaepits, dpaictres,nbooks riu,stratdwrs, 1a0r dostrd-pofhts. Madeispon, aTtquanit oflato and plnated. elartices, vriewsa thlue ooffthi day,ta evMu and caalgusttthplaesof sae,tn of t6o 1C. orn, . t.Marins-ine, ora ttag-square. rain In Bsnru tcyTo Bulders and othersa. _ESSRS. GAR had O NSO E instructiost edov andbyth en, ofv Mr Dahto SheL bAeay IsiuCtion, he-V , THISmDAY, Janhstua-ro 2at, Lower is mtyof-mxHnorrow. aln. 3, captal for,tewhlem ofUITheUefu STOCKisof aBdraDing xon`at_E- 'UrIAlSt, incluodin useful ironmonery, effosie tpas, laset-gasd bcasemoo nt frncy als, a qunity mofdsrong peaifeiT ng, grindstn, joinesrs" bencheassares, broheusl itngs oand rpteelsfs.e ps 10,0d be-ricks, an mabColean- srect-slin of Ch, abe Armstrongs, chamsq.,sliitr,aOl Underi an of the auctIoeers, 8. MasFrk-ins, ity.Gemitr Pinfrtsauni andfe fects -Queen-etreet, Cuonsturedetciy,a. TL aDfolTuesiday) t1, Janrde of. -t the.12 Truteesundrer an csthefolwnt- teSOK ueronrstn ofL goldF sadsierwaIS~twhos chain,bacelts, diam-ond pand grem rings studs,onuff-, boxtes silverosugar-ad cake Braswles, tea letqpilaes capretsenatind mugs,.ou chmustgar-os,sals, iospoons,atqe dinnresh,ran tanimrd the platedoor. furitclrs include coffe mandten lieraes rn, aind kettle, set othenr c-e-r tdosbetsa overs,fic pables, two kaites, cndetwoirnckes, lquold chhet. oulctave ,prianorte and pa-octave gan pianofortce, o byateuandwoodt, aosewood. nto bhe' vuiewed theda previo'usly. Caao .gue mraybla hestadsoT and fue,rniueq. podIe. Raise-yard,Iuksnontepmie;an d ate bo r. GodaasofcsbiClmnstet iy Ro l teuefun Suite nUec eve,adEfcs ingsle, andSLLb caUCIN thelerrlttthen, auing Utrneer, roewtod-l elmr, cuhs hfoirwt lt-lsak lao nd fncy abls, aew mder paiting an enravings,~ tapestrig and Brossla carpes, bronr and stee fendersand ireirons, penisr wit meallc lat, rteoodIandwal3nut leo Iand tables, with rica velet oves,hrihiatpltechimney and console glasses, branze, buh?, andor-molielcks rchvelvet Pile tapstry`, Brumssls, and other citpet an rus, sarustri and wainutwood cabinets, richlbilad easy catrainsatinandlvet, a carved back, Ralnu.twssl cheffon!er, fisos ad bck dtedwit plao-cass 2maogany .exteuding-iramEn dinng abls,set ofdinngoor ehimcovered in hairelothRand me-. maco lathr, asychars nd oucesto corr,spad, about 00 lne, engravins franseand glard,ao a few due p ~ainilugs -Lm o "u- hi deh velda: a Medow Scene,Shaper; andOtharseby ironstone dinner ncr-sire pltdtaad Heervie sdlbie i. noble Spanish mabo~rn orps ralneeess ihdrot furmature.lron-half-totr-aras ihptn onsadcit furniture, wool andharmtrse,bdanbilup oead sisg5lo wardrobes,mabetp-shtnj,wtitrg,deeg carets lien,star ad pssae olclth,andnumerous kthnrelist- stewWedesdy ad mrnig o sae. catalogues sist the Timuec sle-AtGarawa's,on ridy, 5hJan ar,uuar1 yrcaety2 alley, Coruhilt. - -d Coour o 'Dy And Saxond
