DEATES. On the 7th nIt, at Agmn, in Indin, fepm choleni, aged 24, Charles 9tone, of thoe V,;ric Telegraph DepartmenOt. acond soa of Thomas AxtJhur Stone, }lq., of C=orontr eet, laypair. Ontho3LtuI.,atLibcmn, stiCediI3z MTi elescy. agedlI third azuhtor of Hienry Hercy, Fsq., of Cunninghamn place, ILordon. R.LP~ On the 7th inst., saddenly. at E;den, HelIey-o-Thame B MBa * alter. ored2T, thebetoved and youngest daughter of thelateolev. E. C-rnegie onoz, Tic-r of Lechiade, Glocestershire. On the Sth inst., at Danster, Somnerset, Ur. Thomas Uppinton, of lio.l, Lry-treet Fitzroy-qare, L'ndon,intheSitI Yearof hisaze. Oa the 1th inst., In the 65th year Of hi aVge. Irr Thomas HalL. of toatrc,Laxnbeth. for s6 yera -n oth employ of the firm of londdslay, Sons. ansd Field. and for nearly 55 years of that period hold ing the situation of foreman of Pattertmakers and carpenters. Onthoelthinst., suddenly, at Homburr, near Franokfrt, Arthnr Tunsour1aby, Esq., in the 6ithsoar of hilsage. (aO the 15th inat.atUbontpellier Cottage, Hets-on,William 'Wilts'hire Smith, Mta., aged 70. Onthclthinst..atSoutbea raftera longandpainfal illneas, Dunca. M-a-cldey Shaw, F.sq., aged 18. On the 16th inst., at Tunbridge-wells, lisso Hargraves. Esq.. aged 6S. - On the 15th inst., at Cowden-erosa, near Edenbriage, Kent, H. J. Gliles, Erq.-, suercon, formerly7 of Andover, in his 72d year. On the 16th nst., at Canterbury, Edward Sankey, Eqs, snrgeon. usedt 57. O0n the 17th inst, at Chae.rd Recto;r, Kathleen Hayter, third daghfbeof the her. Haytoc .G.HBarnes,gedid months. On the17th inst..atSoutbead.Fanny, the belovedchid of hx.W. S. Gard, of Regenttreet andHa-pspteAd, aged 7. On the 17th inst. 1irsSalrah Smith. t3te of 75, Hew-road. Gravesend On Sunday, the 17th inst., Ann, widow of NWi. BEothby, Esq., late rd Calcutta. On Sandlay. the 17th it.after a very short. illness, aged 23. Ellen, elder ldaughtce of Air. Wiliam Peatt5 of 33, Marchmont-street, lruna- 0 O the 17th toot., at her resfdeace. 1S. Marlborough-plac-a Walw-orb, Srry, Catherine, relict of the late Williamn FP4er Yeston, Esq., aad laSta urviving child of the late Samuel Dixon. Esq. On Zrcndar. the lSth iwOt., in hb- 62th yoar, Thomas CiarIr, F-q., of HotUrgrove Honsr. Hounslowe. (anthelSth insk, ait t, Hamilton-pl2ce, St. John'swood, Mr. Thonas Davies, in his 75th year. - On the 1tih Inst., at Sand a, Io wden, Yorkshire. aged 83, Ann, 77idosv Of WiliaM 4!choldled, Eeq. On the 15th lst., at his house, lo. 5, Hamgilton-square. lBirkeahead, Wchn Wrilson, En., agGed 85. OnD the 15th inst.. at 41. Ebnry-street, Lucy Gilbert, daughter of the blaS0eRP. Edmund Gilbert, of WVIndEor House, HOCIrnin. and rioter of tihe late Ijentenant-Generni Sir Walter aloilgh Gilbert, Bs-t. On the If th inst., at the Rectory,Grezt Smeaton. Lear l7orthalierton. thte lIev- John hairy %LA., rector f that Pisco, and eldest son of Ibobert Mmry &Q., of P;ark-hili,Flidle, near Whltby,ju the 37th scar of bis age.
Fro?m at oaDox gAzTz of T Atig.19. -FOREIGN.OFFIO.AUQ. 19. The queen has-been plased to approve' of M. Gregory O*Neil%, as:C -s at 'o.-k, for -thc5Oriental Republic ;of theUruguay. -.- ' - WHITEHALL AUG L: The Queen haz Wen, spleawed-:.to grant unto EdvardHenry Sayer, of 4ambridge-teriaco, Hyde Park, in the :count of hiddlesex,-Esq.,' eldes' son and heir aipparent of, Edward-Lane Sayer,- of EittHornden, in the county of Essex, Clerk, MAster of ,Arts of St. JoIh's Colleg, in *0 University Of Cambridge, Her Mjesya' Eog license sead authority that he and his -issue may take and uia the Srnamne of Milward, .in addition to 'and after that Jof Sa5er, and-that he and-they may bher the arms of MilvArd qurterly; - in * the first quarier, with his and their own famnily arms, in compliaice with .a direction contained in, a codicil- annexed to the last will and testament of his late uncle, Henry-Colier Mil-' ward (heretofore Henry-Collier Esver), of York-street' .Port,man-"-uare, in the couty- of, hlddleeex, Esq:, deceased;caUhnarms beingifrstedr y exempled accord to the laws of arms, and iecorded in the R eraldsONoffic,' other oise the sad license ana perun sionte bo oid and of none effect, . tha th.HrMjsscneso -And also to command t3t;wraetscne3o a& cdeclaratior. lbe registered inher College of A i. - : AUGUS1JT 16:- The Queen, taking into.her Royal consideratior. that, upon tho decease of Edmund, Earl of Cork and Orrery, which happened in the inontli of June last) the honour and dignity of Earl of Cork and Orrery devolved upon RiGhatd St. Lawrance, now Earl of :Cork 'and Orrery, as eldest son and heir of Charles Boyl%, Esq., commonly calledi Viscount Dungarvon, who died in the month of August) 1834) and who, yhen livinge, was the eldest son and heir apparent of the said Edimund, Earl' of Cork and Orrery; and that, according to the -ordinary rules of hononr, thie brothers and sisters of the said Richard St. Lawrnce, now Earl of Cork and Orrery, cannot enjy th;tt place and precedence which would have been due to themihad their late father, the said Oharles Boyle, survived his said father, Edmund, Earl of Cork and Orrery, *and had succieded-to the title and dignity of Earl of Cork and Orrery; Her Majest has been graciously pleased to ordain and declare that William George Boyle, Esq., Edmund John Boyle, Esq., Louisa Caroline Elizabeth Boyle, and Mar Emily Boyle, spinsters, shall henceforth have, hold, and enjoyr the same title, place, preeminence, and prece'dence, as if their late father, the said Charles Boyle had survivAed his iather, the said Edmund, Earl of Cork and Orne.ry, and had succeeded to the titla and dignity o£ Earl of Cork and Orrefy~ nd also to command: that the said Royal concession and declaration be registered in, Her eajsty's College of Arms. BOiARD OF TRPAE, WHITEHALL, AuG. 16. The Right Hon. the Lords of the :Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of y Stato for -Toreign Affairs, a copy of a note from the Russian Miuniter at this CoDn, stating that since the evacnation of the Crinea by the allies, quarantine has been re-established on the coasts of the Black- Sea and Sea of Azof. AUGU~ST 13. - The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of P Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Mnister at Florence, announcing the publication of an edict'Z rohibiting the exportation of corn of aU kinds from the noman States until further orders. The Committee of the Privy Council for Trade and Planta. tfons havealso receivedacopyof adespatchfromthe Governor of Canada, enclosing a proclamation xing a tarfl of charges for towing vessels up tne St. Lawrence, with a schedule annexed. thereunto. WAR DEPARTMEN T, PALL-3AI.3 AuG. 19. 4th Regiment of Draeon Gunarsl-Bichard Duning Bare Cunteghamso, gent, to be Comet, by purchase, vice Pcraford, pro- lets Dragoons.-Daslei Finucane, gent., to be Cornet, by purchase. .ic_ AsI. promoted; Frederc Rdford,. to be Conet by purchase, vice i who has retired. Royal tegimient of Attmlcy.-Second CaPt ichbrd Olddeld, to be Adj., vice Campbell, who resigns the Adjutancy only * Lieut. Eduard TobiaaWillonshby Purcell, to be Second Capt., vice duseter, deceased. The dates of promotion of the undermentioned officers to be alterei as follows, viz.- Second Capt. F. T. 'Whinyatoes to June 2s. I856. SecondaCapt. J. HRA 11ckbnsne to July14 |A A. Second Capt. W. N. Wealer, to July 39, IASG. AstEstsb.-Sg. James Balfour Coebburn. M.D., frm the Staff, to be AaSist.-SUr.. v .ce Sparks, wiho vesltns. vnice-gabSourg. Albet flawkis, from the Staf, to be Asist.-urg. Royl ngoers-lcevt-ol JhnriseHop t be Col., vice Bud ngen.retired on foil Vo BrAe,iert-CotJohn WiliamGordon to be 1ieut.-Col., vieso Hope; hecod CaptoThoms ruglLs to be Capt., vice GordoAn; Second Capt. AnthonyA Reynolds, Yyjvan Crease, from the SupernlumeraryA lst, tobe Secona Ca^pt. vies Ingils. :'wi Foot.-1C',Pt. I{onrs 7YAam3get Butler, from the 8Uth Foot, to 10th Foot.-Catt John Cater, fro. thb 68th Foot, to bh Capt., vica JTephson, who exchanges. 16th Foot.-The second Chrilstian lamue bf Ensign Br-abazon aprotnted withoutpurchaseon the 8th cf July, 186, is enry. 2ld Foot-As3ist.Sarg. John JoseDh Adrien. from tha Staff, to be A sist.S-S-, vice Sawyers aDpointea to the 2Lth Foat. S3thFoot.-Leut. Robert Gray ha6s bee_ permitted to resign his comrmission. 4th Foot-Paymsaler Henxr Butler Stoney, from the 9Sth Foot, to be Paymaster, vice Hockinz.,, deceased. 49thFoot.-Lieut. Willam Young; to be Capt., by purchase, vice B3revet-Kaor Rocks, who retires. 531dFoot.-Ensign F. J. & BProerheit. to be I,eut.. by pmuchase. viceIoyd, who retizes. Robert Prince, gent., to be Ensigo. by pur chase, vice Brockhunt. 54th Foot.-Capt. Francis George 0. Probart, from the 9Sth Foot, to be Capt., Tice Bayly, who exch-anes. 6Sth FooU-Aralst.-Sarg. Jamea M'Gcigcr Lang, from the Staff, to be Ass.-Snsg.. vice Davenport, 3apointed to the 6h- Dragoon Gtuard F Robert George Jephson, from 'the 10th Foot, to be Capt.., vice Cator, who exchanges. 83dFoot.-Lieut. T. Mowbray Ihmngastner, to be Capt by purchase, viceKeolh, whoretires. EnsignGeorgeL,ightfyot she, to bo Lreut.. by purchase, vice Barasgactner. Nicholas Pennefather, gent., to be Ensign, bypurchase, vice Hunshe. 85th Foot.-Capt. Athur Lannoy Coussimaker, from the 3d Foot, to be Capt., vice Butler, who retires. 94th Foot.-Enign Poltimore Ridgway to be IAeut., by purchase, vice Reynolds who has retired; Charces Butler. gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice- idgway. 95th Foot-Capt Henry Elliott Bn-;ly,-from the 54th Foot, to ba Capt., vice Probt. who exchanges. 9Sth Foot.-Ensign David J. Gopeland Jones to be Lient., by purchase, viceThomas Lt. Smith, promoted in the 2d West India Regiment; Charles Grhamn Heathote, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, viceJonec, RiSe Bdrgade.-Ensign aNcholsa WlWliam Buter has been permitted -o retire from the service by the sale o: his commission. 2d West endia Renti.ment-Leut. Thomas' H SmIth, from the 9Sth Foot, to be Capt., by purchse, vice Chamnock, who retire 3d West India Regiment.-asiga W5illiam Cody to be Lieut, without purchasevice Bircl, promoted. LAND TRANSPORT CORPS. Tleut. Henr xason from tho Royal Marines, to be Capt. - UTATTACHED. Brevet-Halor Wllliam James Gilum, of the t st Foot, to have his Brevt Ran converted into Substantive Rank, under teRoyal war rant of the 6th of OYctober, 1858. HOSPITAL STAFF. Staff-AsEistant-Surg,ennrthur-HenryFrancisLynch has been per ritted to resign his commission. The undermentioned Acting-AssistantSurgeons have ceased to do duty, there being-no longer occasion for their services:- BREVET. Colonel Thomas BRudfn, retired full-p3y Royal Engineer, to be a Major-General, the t - to behonorary only. The undermentioned promotions to tak-o place in the East India Companys army, 'oonsei,ent on the death of General Siz Jeffrey lPendergast, Knight, Isadras Infantry, 4th July, 1856, and General Tfartin White, Bengal In fantry, 18th July, 1856:- Lieutenant-GenemlJobn M`Innes, Bengal Infantry, to be General. 15eutenaut-General James Fallowvdeld Salter, CDB., Bombay Infantry, to be General.' Major-General Alexander Dlick, Bengal Infantry, to be LicstenantGeneral. MjWor-General Wiliaem Pattle, C.B.. BengalLight Caval7, to be Lient.-GeoeraL Col. George Hutton, Madras Infantry, to be Mlaior-GeneraL Col Andrew Spens, Bengal Infantrr, to be Malor-General. The Undermentioned officers of the East India Company's service retired upon full pay to have a step of honorary eahk as follows,- To be IaEu-AT-C0L0NS. Major Jobn Fulton, Bengl Infiantry. Major John Grahamn. Bengal Infantry. Major George Edward Hlerbert, lensai CatalTy E a t Xent llegiment of Militia. - The commisSion of Quart0 r astorEobect Jones, dated Ju 1 18s. to take effect from the 13th of July.,18514 Sig, e by the L orn)- Tu4rsreArIN of t&Ie Conaty of B Ucg.xcesrasr. Charles Palmer, Eq.. toobe Dep,.-Li0ut. B> tho Loin-LmU=NrAxTr of the County of Hun-TWDoy. HenrySholto Doula, EFq., to be BeDep-+et. * By the Lo-L of the County of Dimsy 2d Regiment of Derbyashire Mlitla.-Henry Moore Brown;rg, gent, tobe Ens2n. vice Goodwin, promoted; JohnBidweli, gent., obe :nzign, vice Peat, promoted. - I ' By the t osxLORD-Lssr sT of the Countyo' sAYrsost. 2d Regiment of ('Kines Own) Btaffordahire.Mlitla.- reTrench Johnr 1ichard ugent, tonerre as Adt., iththe rnkof CapD.s frm May 24, 15. . This" Gazette" contains a notloi that the folowing blaee bas been date reastaersEdor the aoenairtler olmratges there'm:-] Cong3regtional Chnurch.Wattron, NorfeSL PABTES3aHIS .DISSOLVED_ B.Secley and H. Payne, lm-street, prayla-inn-road, planoloie mskess.-. Thoreton asd Co., Liverpool, groc; asfar aswregardasT. Mecaock.-J. Creighton and S I. Caruislb, nhlaterers.-wis, Milew and Co., Newport Monmouthnhlre. `hipbrokera.-The Llyanewydd Brick Company.V. Hinton red 1. Hanna, Grespara-pce, Brixton Gdra,cro-Brockell, Son, and Vbpleaby.New: Bond-street, hoslers.-- Newton, Gordon, txssoart, and Co., Madeira, and Coeart, Gordon, ana Co., London; as farnaregardB.. M. Gordon.-;ones and Howells, Oldbny, stonemasons. -Lea end Gillard; Thome Yorkshire, rgeona. -Holt and Chew, Rochdale. waste spinners:-Wy. Boberts au tCo, Elleomere. merrers.-E. ..T. B,;. It. C nod A. Jonesl, Biriningiranj ironroDNders.-Walker, Eitonr and Go., Shnield, ironfe-o ders. Thmau s, Ocorre and Small, b vel-poot tailors; as far asregedoaB; SnralL-G. Capper and Co.. A.dersnasbury. agenta-Gough and Monnton Beidgerwater ehipbnllders-J. Hammnd, J. Pickfod and J. Icssford tbe ycnanger, Yeovil, glave ms annfsntndyss-BeraVen and Marr. ,ManchnMter, SagbmerchantU.-Sbaw and Woedhouse, Std. deJsdeld, Dcoth dSstrs.-D. Pscanrd and Co.,t eedD , I nendraers. JoAeph aiIsn, d,HiJh-streetr. s a er, pasnfter. beo at Auguct 2k. October 9, athalf-past ocdock at the Banbuktr' Court: celicitor, Mr. Chidley, Greaham-atreet, olSual assignee, rf. Caunan, Aldermanbm-y. William ield. Princes-street, Wetminster,! rntero Amgust-30 Ocleberl, athalf-psst l1 o'clock.atthe B;ranb,at Con *t:oliitors' hlesarers Pteed, Ljangfo.-d, anid Menden, Fr;.day atreetseoffical Uaignc4 Mr. Cannan Aideasnaniury *Banlmt D,S4 Sand, etotioner. Augusvzt '0 551 o'dclC, October 3, a lralf-ustsl at r thre Bankrnpto' Courtselictors, Messrs.twrance, Plows, and Boyer, Old Jewry Chasm^be.-c Old Jesiry. official assignlee,' Ir..'Vhitmore, BasoshAall-tieet; i~ eSme tl ,Andrew Laurie. Ss. John ctreereoa. bkr&tm r' t o'cloclt October l^,a 15 p.51 tteBnr^;-Cnt odo .z~. .'~.~-Pssel,alinrt- olici.o hL Eol°owi Ba3nJ:hol-street.asine - .ohsb Bararley, Itlciry Regis, iubBican, and Newm Town; Woraes trhire.B gas tube ma^nufacturer, .^ptember l and 29, at 10 o'elvolc ast John Johnson, Stafford, chbslt, Aug,m 29, September iB. at ha!f' -s*Maic MMr..-l t%am* WC M the c-JrInff 'iekte Mta Sepemberin and - , at 11 James Tmujeoti. Abezrstwith: -Wmdehaiker.- Septembet 2 aLnd~O at n1 o'clock' at th3 BrIstol D4Jweck Oomit o ar ya0li-citora b Miw~x cittai -and SorM cA*ol; official jaignjee, mi. Imi1er klchaed BEcce3 and JOhD Nuttalt Tottington Io-e end, LanDCsbire, C0ttoi Winners, September 4 sad 19. at 1 o'clock, at the Mhsche3ter Dcetccct Co,urto xc-~sletu~-r Crossland. Bury; Mereigonsad 1toblnzon, %Manebteir; officalaanneo Mr. He- Mani, M=cheater. -. -" -- ' Willam, Jasper Capper, :Newcate~urpne.Tyne,' co mmis4`on agent. ugnsat 25 at- t o?pk,- Ocero 3, at 12.at ate Newcastle-unon- a-District ourt ofwBasrutcy: sbolleitoi, Mmessr. Hodge anl lsrie. ewcutle-upon.Tyne ;offidsJ§Anuee. Mr. xBaer, NmwoaatI& upon-Tyne. Sept. 11, T. Allen and T. S. Cockgon, Mancheeter. Italia ware, bousemen.-Sept. T1, G. Healey, Prcwton, timber 2nerobant - CERTIFICATIS to be ganted, unle catem be shown to the onn' - - - hwty on thedaye ofmeeting. - 1 16s. a.5 ?zbilpe Ca, pronc i mecant.-Sept1L II t Gnfftn, Abereireb, C arar-oesbxrerdraper-^t.ll, BZ, W. -ad J. Neale, Livrepol, hlielow wrare manfatxee-Oct. 2 W . Plowre Wolveerraupon, manufacturng cbymist.-OCL 2, J. M MEIlan Wol ebapton,uflca.Oct. 1,;R Ii. .llippingele, Newrk upon- SCOTCH SBQUESTRTIONS. the Qloe G.otelf Glasgowr mine mereban, Au&g. 29, at 2 clocbX at G. Ferrie, Gisgow ucderiwsiter, Aug. 7~ <at 12 o'clock, at the Pad Stewart. o ate 2 orf Loch, qeasgoxry-essater,. .7, at 2 o ca tbe British Hotel.Dun°dceoe.@I - D S, oe at T. hluir. Glasgow, glasa mechnt, Ang. 23, at'1 0 Cctc. rt the F cIn oSeeheonse, (ilasgeE U.< -
| SOLDIERS ASHARVSTLABOABRE.& : -(From the Manchater ¢usrdien.) If, in the words of the popuar saying, "Turn and tuin about is fair play," -we mayrefer, without either exltation oa the one hand, or regret on the other, -to the pesent sin.; gular chaue in the market for agriutura labour. 'Tho other day'§ir Morton Peto wroteto ta-he 2Tmcs, that "the price of harvest labour has risen until the farmers outbid railway contractors, and w find ourselves compelled to suspend, for the present, the execution of all but very pressng publiec works. ' Navvies,' who. were earning from 4s. 3d. to 4s. 6d. a-day, -have -left us because they can earn moro at harvesting." Some two or three yeaZs sgo it was the other way.; the railway contractors then, by higher .wages, drew away from the farmers' service their best paid -and ablest labourers.. So thebt here, at all- 6v6nts, is a singular changeof position, between two classes of-earth labour. But a still more striking turi of the labour wheel is exlhibited, if we look bacs to 18345 - when the great depression of agricultural wages and the -superabund, arco of labour in' the large farming districts of England were ocnl relieved by a considerable nigration from the south to the north; agricultural labourers from Back-~ inghamshire, &c., becoming workers in Lancashire cotton mills, obtaining constant employment, and earning (as families) thrice the amount'of wsges paid for agricuhural labour in the districts they had quitted. This measure was found so beneficial that in the parish where the experiment was first tried the rates were reduced one half, mainly in consequence of the migration.' But the consequence was, that at lenath the landowners sent northward a number of agicultural labourers, -with their wives and ehildren, for wnose coming iio preparation had been made; and it became necessary to stop the indiscriminate pouring of agi. cultural labourers into the manufacturing disticts, and to substitute a gradual absorption of them, family by family, for this migration en nzasse. Since that period the balance of labour has been better preserved in this' country. In the sister kinedom, how.- ever, there was for a long time a vast superabundance of labour, and no adequate demand; nor was the scale turned, till famino, 'fever, and enmigratiou lowered the numbers of the population below even those of the preceding decennial census, and the alarm was raised that Ireland was becoming depopulated. Again, the d:scovery. of the goldfields of California and Australia has offered temptations to the labourers of England to emigrate to regions where, too often and too generally, theirhopes-alone have been' golden. The war, too, must have done its shar.e i taing ifrom the plough a number of the hardy sons of labour. But, notwithstandimg these draughts of our population, we see in the announcement of harvzest Labour be7ng scarc'e and dernothing to alarm us. True, we nolongermeet ever where the numerous bodies of Irish respers, who, in. years past7 landing inliverpool, Bristol, &c., spread over the country- their periodicd labours, and retrned home with their harvest savings, as the mainstay of themselves and their families 'through a hard and pinching winter. They are -now better employed, either nearer their old homes, or in' new ones across the Atlantic. There seems, as yet, no reason to believo that the scarcity of agricultural labour is permanent in this counry. If temporary, and merelv the reult of a sudden and . simultaneous ripening of the grain all over, the country, or at least over large tracts where in ordinary seasons it comes to maturity successively, then, surely,the provision to meet it needs only to be a temporary measure. Sir Morton Peto's " navviee,' when harvest work is over will doubtless be ready to return to their spade work in railway construction, and the curo wil arrive as suddenly as the evil. But Sir Xorton has somewhat hastily.and without consideration, as it seems to us, sug ested that Government should give instructions to the commanding offioersofregimentstoallowthe soldiers, not figuratively but m fact, to exchaugetheirswords for sickles-and reapinghooks, and to cut the oern wherever there is need of laborers to' get the -harvest. This suggestion, we trust, will f,nd no. favour with the: authorities; for it has' the double fault of being uinnecessary and: mischievous. There can be no question that there is.a large body' of unemployed labourers in almost all, our populous towns, who, by a little of such organization as the master manufacturers employed in 183,f5, could be got together and sent to the very places where they are most .needed, without loss of time, with little cost, vwith temporary relef to the local poor rates, and good woork and wages to the men themselves. On the other band, with no wish to write a single word in de.Dreciation of the many excellent qualities of the British soldier,' we cannot close our eves to the fact that, in the late Crimean campaign, an extra sispenice per dhem afforded a temptation to intemperance which many of the poor fellows were wholly unable to resist To send companies, peihaps regiments, of soldiers from bar. racks into free. country quarters, relieved from all military superintendence, all discipline cast aside, and -with 'money in their pockets and a beerhouse at every turn,-we can imagine few things more injurious,' individually, to the men themselves, moredemoralizing and ruinous to their collective character as soldiers. To what end have they profited by the severe discipline of war and inclement seasons, if they are to be, cast loose over their native land, to neglect for a time all the lessons of the past, and to revel in a short-lived liberty? To what purpose are our barracks extended and huge camps formed, but to con. centrate our soldiery together, and to diseipline them muore rigidLy to act consentaneouslyin larger masses than heretofore? Yet this proposal to turn them out, a few to engage with one fanner, a few* with another, for the short period required for the labours of the harvest, would be 'to segregate themn still more, to remove them from under that wholesome control which is; indispensable to military discipline, and to undo habits of obedience, punctuality, and 'rder, which it may tal1e a lon$time once more.to implant.' That the cern is generally ripe and the 'harvest' plenteous, we are glad to learn; that any considerable portion of it vill perish for lack of labour to get it in, wo fcannot bring ourselves to believe. A vigorous effort, 'and a little sensible combination and organization of the.farmers and their landlords to pro. cure labour, -would soon dissipate all fear of the' harvest being lost from' the fewness of the labourers. - But the Government, wve trust, will, at all events, sanction 'no such dangerous inteiference wiith the labour-markec as to thro.w the military force of: the o intoa rude and artificial competition with' those wiho have no' other ans of- livelihood. This would, indeed, be a retrograde movement in the great march of 'economic and social progress.
MEIiNCuoLY ACCTDzNT.-.-A mnelancholy accident has lust happened at Tanx-y-Bwlch, in the vale of Festiniog, resoting in the death of twi6 ot the zons of M[r. L. W. Con. ninghani, the Soeretary of King's -College, London, and grandsons of the' R1ev. I. W. Cunning[ism, -the much respected Vicar of H1arrow-on-the-hill. it app trs that on Saturday, tho 16th iust,, the two boys, Rlowlad, - l and Gera~rd, aMed9 bbtained leave-:to bathe fiisaeiaow p art of the little river Dwyrd which rens past Festirdo?, Itectoiy, where 'their parents have been spending their summTer-vacationi.; Soon.:adterwards theyv'were seen andheard by a servant playing. in the. water about~ 200 yards from the hous~e. Atr somea timer however,-when. they dlid not come-home, thbif'father~ became alarmed anid went to look- for them. He found thi lte oyn n the bank, but there were no) sgn of the boys After a long search,. they weeboth fo -Mundlyin g-at the bot-tom of a deep poolin the turn6f the river, about lO yards below the spt where.- :they lad been seen at ply It is supsoed that they must 'have been, in their, play',Meting their bois flat do.n the stream in the shallow water, and: hiv drifted out of their depth before they knew pof Vt, When got put thegy 'irerbothi quite dead. Four medical men were in attendance and :rendered al the aid in theirpoer 'This event has pro- duced mich isensatioi 'in ' the nbiighNcurhood, where thefamily ,s well kiown, . The bodiei' will bie rem9ved for* buil oHarw-on.tbe4aill,;the place -Of their fatherrs rcss* dence'. A [Advertise ment.d-'-1L*6, Nami;. or, Explorations inL 'SouthWeseterAfric,~ by'Ch'arlcstJihu Andersen, esoand edition, with Z0 illustrations; now ready. "A more inviting v-olutme than 'I.aiseNgamt'hasnotfalenintoonr andsformanya.day,. Thenumecons rnustrationsarenovel aa-to'-euiject and Lisocomimonly well executed. '31b.AndersonJsasX)rod,ceds book of tussmnent value. He decicnaua henomens, and reports iclentiflo observations in simple and easy Isguage;,im short, hisbook is good beaeh ad somthi;toellwhch is new to the world,. To al sportsmen Mr. Anoros ok wzi,llah charmiung 1t abounds withi excitement in the way ofwild beas5thoisting. The novelty audinaterest of the booki wHilmake -itnfrereallyrea:dand valued."-Globe, ' - [Advertisement ]-'q31611's Life insLondon!" of Sunday next, AU 24, auct Gatotoch Supplement of 21 columns, will contain fji particulars of the Xoerk August Meetiu-~ and all the other. tdrfweswof thevreek_, Also. tho Royal Thamnes "I tlonal eatta, RoyAl Victorda Yacht Club; MAtches,,kc. -,Cricket: " SussoXvIry tone Club and Groud, 'Rent'F v,soirey, adoteim ran matcbeS, The Ring. ob" Travers and oe Cobley, Brock and I,anhiam's Novice, &a. -Alt the ether snorting and misrellanoousnevws of the'weelz wfi be found! fu.e,hrniclod. Przice, unatamped, 5d. [Advrtisment-The"Era of extSaturday 'will contai auerosodlna aricls uon ves toleof the week, including fullestPrticuanrivter and NatIonal- NuoravisteDvreadd meetad-igstl euiturelad thrughou- teiinofteon'adRawa touaGemstheNatrclionel Thr.meat boregatttd eat-neetn rheolatigro; lca topic ofthe'dEay,o lasth thekf, wt nOiia esci of'Madae Vens, as een eprited,and'an ow e, hid, Flor
.' i E X LTERATX O7:OOD. - The followhng is t reportf he Selolet eOmmitteoo of NtheJ g appointed to inqure ini* -t,he., adulteratioA of food? d Tnk land 4' your cam ni tee have inq ir6dat_ the subject referred to them,:and inAthecourseof theWixiivestigation have ex- .anineil a great nmnber -of writnwges,oomprising men of-high' aentzflc.tifi$asinnent$s, as irell as .tho8e wthose practical know-; ledge as dealers seemed to point ho t as persons likely to give useftl information. ."Among, the scientific wiitesses examined were-Dr. HUssall, well known by his able investigations of the subjact of adultarations of ood; -iri-Wadn-ton, eliyiical operator tAo the Apothecari IVCompany; yr.-Normandy; Mr. Simor and Dr. Letheby, the -late and present officers of health in the city of LorlonI Dr.- Thompson, Pxofeesor of *ChymistL* at St. Thbmso!s' Hospital ;_Mr.:EReawooa, Plrofemsor of -Chymistry to the. Pisarmaceutical Socictr; lifr. Simmonds, authoit of a vork on the commerciil products of the vegetable *dngdom ; Mr. Postgte, a surgeon, and chymical lecturer in Birmingham; Mr. Phlxrns:, Chief Officer of the Obemica Department of-the Board of Inland Ilevensue, 'Dr. Tylor.-Proressbr of Media 'Juns rndence -at Guyas Mospitl; -Dr. WaaII LetT i edical Oh}icer to the General- Post-office; hr. Quekett, Prof&sor in. the Royl -Coloege of Su*rons -1r. -Thomson; an analytical rhymist; Mr. Blitb, Le~ ~rer HnatuLral Philosophy at St. -Mari's Hospital--- Dr Chao- rWleyCrnr for ddee; r . alolie; MDr. Waley JCBorioner for-idaeem; r. ~io Bll ; Dr.' Carpeter, of _Vniver- sity Ceollege; Dr. Aooro leligan of Dublsi- Dr.ticbteran Dr. sigley,- Professor at the Medital Istitute of Sheffield. -- h xett - n Though-tie vritiesses4differed both as to the extnt t which adulteration i ciarried .n, and as to its iature ad | effects,.you;r' committee cannot avoid 'the conclusion that adulterationYridely prevails, though under circumstances of. very-vaifous character. As regrds foreign prodiots, i some arrive in this country in an adulterated condition, while others are adulterated by the English dealer. Other commodities, agau, the produce of this country, are shown to be in an aduterated state v when. passing. into thie bands of the dealers, while others undergo adulteration by the dealers themselves. -- d a by the - -"Not cnly is the pubolic -heath thius exposed to' daneer, and pecuniary fraud cornmitted on the whole conmmunity; but the public morality is tainted, and the high commercial character of this country sericusly lowerea, both at home and in the eye= of foreign countries. - Though, hapily, very many refuse, under every torpttion, to fa,sifj.:the quality of their waresj there are, unortuntely, large numbers who, thouga reluctantly practising deception, Yield to, the pernicious contagion of example, or to the hard pressure of competition forceda upon them by their less scrupulous neighbuoursi taken, your committeo Would enumerate the leading articles which have been proved to-be more or less commonly adulterated. These are, arroWroot, adulteratedwinth potato and other starches; bread, withpotatoes, plaster of Pazis, alum, and sulphate of copper; bottled fruits and vegetables with cgrtiin salts of copper ;eoffee.with chicory, roasted wheat, beans, and mzngo rdwurel ;chiory with roasted wheat, carrots,sawdust, and Venetan-si red; cocoa with arrowroot, potato;flour, sugar, chicory, and some ferrugincus red earths; cayenne 'with . ground ncIe,nm ilrd husk, &c., coloured sawi.red lead, Venetiln red, and turmeric; gin, with grainsLof Paradse, sulphuric'acid, and cayeime; lard with potato-flour, mutton suet; ilum, carbonate of soda, and caustic liine; mnstard aith-wheatfIour and turmeric; marnalade with apples or turnips;- porter and stout (though sent out in a puie state from the brewers) with water, sugar, treaclr salt, alum,- cocculus Indicus, grains of Paradise, nuxvomica, and sulphuric acid; pickles and preserves with salts ofeenp0 s miff with various chromates, red lead, lime, and powderedglass; tobacco -wit water, sugar, rhubarb, and treacle; viegar with -water, sugar, and sulphuric acid ;, jamap with powdered wood;opium with poppy capsules, wheat-flour, powrdered wood, and sand; scammony with wheat-flour, chalk, resin, and sand; confectionery with plster of, Pads and other similar ingredients, coloured with varous- pigments of a highly poisonous natue; and acid drops, purporting to be compounded of Jargonelle pear, Ribstone 'pppin, lemon, c., with essential oils coutamning prassi acid or other dangerous ingredients. * t d "The adulteration of drugs is extensively practised.; and when it is borne in mind that the correctness of a medical prescription rests on an issume&d standard of strength and purity in the drugs or compounds emplosed, and how frequently life itself depends upon the efficacy of the medicnes prescribed, it is difficult to exggerate the evils arising from this prevalent fraud. " The adulterat.on of drinLs deserves also special notice, because your committee cannot but conclude that the intoxication so deplorably prevalent is in many cases less due to the natural properties of the drinks themselves than to the admixture of narcotics or other noxious substances intended to supply the properties lost by dilution. " Though adulteraieons prevail more or lessin aU districts, it may be assumed, as a rule, that the poorer the distric' the greater is-the amount of adulteration. Nor have the poor the same power to protect themselves against such frauds as their richer neighbourg; they are necessarily limited to such means of purchase as are afforded by,the immediate locality in which they reside, and are, moreover, too often bound to one dealer by the facilities of- credit which he affords them. - " These adulterations may be classifiod iiuder2thrfe heads -those of which the objectis to lower theprice of theartiele adulterated, by the admixture of substances of a cheaperkind; those vwhich are intended to improve the isppoarance of the adulterated article, and thus in many casesto deceive the public as to its quality; and those which are practised for epurpose of simulaing some property injured or destroyed in thoprocess of aduteration. " IAdulterations in each of these classes are of two kinds, -those in which are employed substances of an innocuous character; and those in which the niixtures are more or less injurious to health, either directly by the noxious properties 1 of the ingredients, or indirectly by loweming the-nutritive qualities of the artiecle adulterated. " In dealing with these various adulterations, it is necissary to distinguish between the pecuniary fraud practised on the public, and the injury to public health. If, regards the adulteration of articles with substances of a cheaper and innocuous character, the public derive the full benefit of this cheapness in a lower price, it would be difficult, if not unwise, for the Legislature to interfere, unlessit coldd do so by requiring that every such article be sold as a mixture, as distinguished from the article in its puro state. This the law alreay requires as to the article of coffee, and also as to the article ofjbread, which, unless made of wheatflour alone, must be distinctly marked with the letter 'MX.' BuT, whenever an article' is so adulterated as to involve pecuniary fraud or injuryto helth, it appears to your comeitten to be the duty of the Legislature 'to provide somo efficient remedy. * "It has been objected that the best course will be to leave the buiyer.to tak-e care of himself. Butthere are many adulterations which it isimnpossible for the buyer to detect. Already the law takes notb of frauds in wreights and measures, of injuries likLely to result to the publio health- from the sale of unwholesome animal food, and indeed Of mauy adulterations, though in most cases onlyvwith a viewe to fiscal considerations, and not to those of a moral or sanitary character. is It is said, too, that there are many frauds which Lgislation cannot reach or punish. But, on the other hand, it wrould beiffrcult to tOil the numberless frauds which legis- lation may prevent. The great difficulty of legiilating on this snbject lies in puttrag an end to the liberty of fraud vwithout affecting the freedom of coramerce. "With iview to form an opinion as to the best remedyfor this growing evil, your committee have obtained evidence as to the law- on adulterations in other countries, and especially in France, Belgium, Germany, and the United States. In this object your comnmittee have baen materiaUy assisted by returns procured through the kindness of Lord Clarendon from some of our Ministers at foreign Courts. . " As to the present state of the law in this country, -our committee received much valuable information from Mr. S. R. Goodman, the legal adviser to the justices of the city of London. - "The followingis a brief statement of the laws of different eountries on the subject of adulterations:- - - "1 In France, a law, hearing date-the 27th of March, 18514 confirmed and extended the penal code to ail adulterations in I alimentary and medical substaces.' To this law was., added one of the 5th of May, 855. applicable to the adulteration of drinks. The law of Marc; 1851, was founded upon two reports of a commission of inqr' bearin date tho 24th of January and 26th of FebruaryssL. -helaw of gay,'1855, was preceded by a like report made the 29th of -March,I . 1855 " . The provisions of these laws apply-1. To those who shall adulterate any alimentary or medicimal substances intended for sale. 2. To those who sha sell or expose forsale suechsubstances, knowing them.tobe adulterat d "If theaticle adulterated containasnbstances iniurioas to: health, the line ranges from 50f, to- 50f.; with inprisenment from three months' to two years; these punishments. being applicable even- in cases where the adulteration is known to the buyer or consumer. "-A penaltv of 16f. to 2Sf., and imprisonment from sLx toten days, or one of those - modes 'of, punishment, according to lcircumstances, is imposed on those who, ' without legitimate cause,' shall have in their shops or warehouses any such adulterated articles. If the adulterated article be in-. 7 mions to health, the fine may be increased to 5f., and the imprisorment tol4 days. "Thefine andimprisonmentlmaybedoubledif a delinnt-has been previously convicted-within five years of bis laset offence. - - "The aduiterated artIcles shall be confiscated, and, if injuirious to health, destroyed. "The authorities may make public announcement of the particulars of the offence by placard and advertisement. "A special ' Ordornancede Police, in navis, applies to the manufacture and sale of confectionery,-and forbids the usse, for colouring, of all- mineral matter gad all poisonous vegetable matter.> Confectioners are required to envelope coloured confectionery in paper markod with their name and address, and are made personaly responsible for accidents arising from the consumption of the articles they sell. Confectioners' shops are to be visited for the purposo of seeingthattheyconform totheseregulations. Asan additional precaution, the 'Conseil de Salubrite' of the City of Paris, abodyconsisting.of eminent physicins, chhymlsts, and other persow, -pubshes i.list of colouring mattera which may be employed byeonfoctioners with instirctions as to the manner of mixing them, and a list of the colour- ing matters the use of hichis expressly forbidden. . - l "li-.- Belgium,a law,, bering date thel7thofMAich j 1856, declares that ali'wFho shall have adulterated, or caused: to be adulterated,- aty articles of feed or drinik intended Dfor sale, shall he liable toen iiuprisoumentfrsn eigXht daysto oue. year, alnd a fine of fromn 50f. to100 o o-etrpaihj - " The penalties are divided into -twb elasses. -T he first {apples topersons who have adulterated, or caused- to be ~adulterated, eatables,} driu,kable liquors, or .any articles of food intended to-be offered for sale, the penalty being, as -nlready stated, fromneight days' to a. 'egra - imprisonmaent, ad a fine- o fa ~0. 'o l,OOO;f. In theaamelm d ie I , - t herateVirtni Ukst y haell or Vo poee for give iaion ons sc'.ad io fadilitato'or isad to mch eds.lteratio nl. :"-The cond class ooipriae6 prona wrho: niinttoesaU se oprexpoee for sali, idulterad food, and who Ar,ra-only to sunple p0lice:punishments. -, "Thee mere' f ofioingy Jreeping adultad aicle -of food nendedaforsae renders thepersonso offendint liable tc imprisonment from * week to * y, ad to a f of from 26f. to 5O. :When tbe pun ent reaches six months' imp isonmnen the court casxitbdrawThe '½atente' (licence to trade) from the offeiider dorin £he hperid of his incarceration, which is equivaent to prevenYnr him from crying o his business, A copy of the conviction is to be posted up at: doorof thepersoncondened, or inserted in such -jornals as the court may determinat the expense of t Ee cuipit. idulterated articles of food in, the poheado of fod inthe psionof :the delinquent are to be confiscr.t9d.-- - - --'.- j ' PUssia the municipal law enact that 'no pdron shall knowingly sell or commumicate to other persons for theiruseartic-es X 6f food ordrikbhich os3ess propries prejudicia to health, ! nder, pellaity 0f.ine,orbodfy punishment;" Thoss -who~are, foand guilty of knowinIgly sellingsv:ctuals wrhich are.dsge3 or spoilt, or mixed wth deleterious additions,may be. held incapable of carrying on the,same branch of business. The articles may he confiscated. - Whbever mixes articles of' food wvith foreign ubstances for thepurlose of in g Sheir wight or blkor'ofr deceivingpurehuisersasato their quality,-is lible to bo proceeded st for fraud. With regad to drags, the LIs forbids their being dipiedby aiy other perona tbana potheCarseslesgi yappemted. -In ':I n h burg adulterations at{ood ire the subject of UoUce r tioas, invfolving fne a'ud imprisomnent. ,'"In Lubeck ,suchl adulterations- -are treated as acts of frsud, 'inddeltwith by poliei4etthoilty The gnnding of blighted corn with-god corn is prohibited. -"In HoLlnd } ala wofth'622dof May,i829, any per. sonadulterating bread orffour,. or any.article of foodor drink, 'with any poisonous mxtter is L-sable to an imprson |menSt of from two So five yea And a fine of fromn.f. o500 forincs; anto The..revocation of his- 'patente' adozlg hia imprisoznnent.- The ease penaltiS apply to those who k ogly sell i dch adltierated articles, and to those who I y theforbiddeninredient; nomwing the -rupose .for c It L5 tbe a rpunishment is inflited on those who adulterate irticles of food -or drinkl with iu-' grodients hot-poiououl orinjurions olealth,as well as onthose who offer them.for sale. rTor the -otherpen2aties are added the nublicition of the num:es of the 'offerders, and the confiscatioin of the adulteritedwgood. 0 - I I"In Spain the law,: besides authorizing the inspectionof drmgs at the Cdstom-house, permits the di3spensing of drugs 6nly by apothecaries legaily appointed, and absolitely forbids the sale of secret nedicines. - - "I the UnitedStates special laws have been.passedr I to, prevent the importaton-of aduilterated. nd, spurious drugs and medicine By the. .it is enacted that all drus and Imedicines shall,'.before -passing the Custom-house, be exanined and appraised, aswell in r reference to theirquality and purity as to their-value. 'All medicinal preptions are to have the name of the anufacturer'aaedtoech prceL Adulterated -or ,deteriorated drugs and medicines are not to be allowed to pass the Custom-house-; but the ow*ner or coisignee has the ht of allingfor a re-examination or farther analysis,-if dissatisfied with the.examiner's ,return. The Secreary ofEthe Treastury is to apyoint suit- ablyqualified persons at each of the portsa bf liN York,I Boston, Pbiladelphia, Baltimore, hrleston,- and New' Orleans, as special' examiners of drugs and. medicines. A Treaury minute prescribes the mainer -of carrying out the' ;a,st,ana ges a list of theprincipal -aricles, with the-resalt ofspe agreeing with the standards 'efered. to in tbhelasw; and all articiles ire entitled to entry wrhen ascertained by analysis to conform to those standards. Patent land secret medicines are subject to the- sade examination, jand dispositionafter examiination, as othermnedibal prepara-' tipns, and:are not permittd to pass the Custom- house unless the examiner ho satisfied thaBt they are fit and safe to be u sed for medicinal ourposts. , "In the State of Me- York *tho lawT expressly forbids adulterations of fiour, hops, and spirits. Anyone Inowingly offering for sale -lwbrujixed with Indian mea* or with any other mixture, or with unsound faour,- is liable to a penalty of $5 for every caLsk. Any one mixinng with hops any foreign. or improper substances orinany manner adulterating their' qnality, is deemed guilty of -misdemeanour, and punishable by fine or imprisonm6nt, .or both. Any.one adulterating. sprrits with any poisonous substance, or substance injuious'to health, or any-one selling sc.chlsphfi, knowing them to' be adulterated, is-deemed guilty of- nidemeanour, andI punishable by fine or imprisonment, or bothf the line in no case to exceed $1,000," and. the imprisonmentin no case to exceed four years. The law aw provides against the adul- ,teration ofoils, against the deceptive packintof. hay, an. ,even against fruds inl Enens and other goods, contaiing fewer yards of measuremcnt than are marked upon them. "In nglandthe lawe affords redress to consumers ircases of adulteration by actioni if the injury be individual in its character ; by indictment, if the injurybe general; by summary charge before a magistrate'; and by proceedings insti,tuted h toe Excise. The process of action or indictment is at once too costly and too, cumbrous for general adoption. That by summary charge before a magistrate, as -well as that originafng with the Excise, applies only to a-few special articles which are named in particular acts, or which are subject to the supervision, 'for fiscal purposes,'ef the`B&rd of Inland Revenue; but your committee are of opinioni that it would be most desirable that, in all cases of the sale of an 'adulterated or flcttioui article, a cheap and easy remedy by summary charge beforeama'wistrate'should -be afforded to 'the person,upon whom'the raud had. been practised, and they woiud strongly recommend the i?ropriety of such a change in the present law on this sub3ect as-would effect this object. - i Your committee desire specially to cal attention to the gmrovisionsof the Bread A ct, 6t and 7th of nIllis±u IV., Shap. 37. Section'2provides'thatbread,nabemaide of wFheat hioum barley, rye, oats, buckwheit, Indian corn, peas,bens, riee,-orpotatoes, withhnycomonsalomure mae h sluegsri, milk, harm, leaven,'potato or otherycast, and wvith no other ingredients,subject to.certain reglaticns. Any mixture besides those alowed in section 2 involves a penalty of 1U0., or not less than 51, or in- default an- imprsonment not 'exceeding six months, with or without balabour, and, if the magistrate think fit, publicity of the offence by advertisemint. Any one mixsngwith the corn, meal, or four any ingredient not the genuine produce of the cornmorrn or any one seling, or offering for sale, separately or mixed, ay meal or flour of one sort of gram as the meal or flour of any other sort, or any ingredient mixed 'wth the meal or flour sO sold, is liable ,to a penalty of 20L, and not less tha'n 51. .AIl bread made with mixed meal or flour must be marked with a Roman ; * the penalty for neglecting this provision being a lne not exceedng 10 Ior every pound weight of bread not so mnarked. bagistratee or peaiu officers, by their warats, msy search premises and seize any adulterated flour or bread, and search for any forbidden ingredient. T|he penalty, if ingredients for aduilterati.on are found, is 10. or not less than 40s. for The first offence, 5L for tbe kecond, and 101. for every snbsequent offence, or in default six months'-imprisonment, with publiity as to the names of offenders. 'The act also provides for an appeal to quarter sessions, and declares that no person shall be convicted unless complaint is made within 48 hours after the offence, orwithin such reasonable time as to the justices may seem "Your committee have given the provisions of the Bread Act" intsome'detall, because it seems lo ,hem to comprise much that may be ueful in frAng a meosur applicable to adulterations generally, . " It is impossible to frame any enactment ont this subject which shall rely on stict definitions. The object of thelaw is to strike at fraud, and wherever a fraudulent intention canbe proved, there to infict a 'pemnlty. What constitutes fraudmnust be left to the interpretation of the administrators of the law. Thus mixtures of an innocuous chaacter, made knownby.the seller, or usa for the preservation of the article, cannot be forbidden without danger'to the needful freedom of commerce, and ought not to be interpreted as comingwithin the provisions of a penal law. Nor should those provisions -apply-wherever the seller can afford satisfactory proof thathee as himself been deceived, and was not conscious of t,ho adulteration practised; unless he have evinced a culpable ignoranceof the trade vhich he professes to follov. "'fSubect to these qualifcations, the law- should be clear and positive in forbidding adulteration, andin punishing those who practise it." - "Bitherto the Progress of legislation has not kept pace with the ingenuity of rand, which has not scrupled to avail itself of every improvement i s hymnistry or the arts which eould subeserve its purpose. - - .- - - "Although, howrever, the means of adultertion have, -sreatlyincreased,Pso also, ibstunately, have the facilitiesfor detectioni, especially by the improved use of the microsco,pe, wrhich has been employed- by Dr. Eassal and others with: -signalsuccess- ' " At first, no doubt, some diffic}tywould.be experienced in finding persons qufied to eonduct the required chymical and microsoopical exinations; but the want will soon gnve rie to the needfulsuppl 'This wAnt has been already felt by the Board of nland Rvenue, which has been c6mpelled, for the purposes of -the analysis rtquiaite in cues of adulterated articles of'Excise, to educate persons for this specialduty. In addition to aboat 4,000 officers, scattered over-the country, whose, experience enables them to detect many adulteration, and :to discover 'case of stronr S'ApLcion, the board employs 'bout 60 to 70 analytical chymists, who-% - numbers are recruited -b-ysaidentk -educated for. this purpose at University CUolege% to the number- of 14 in every year. -Mr. Phillips,' the chief officer'of the cbhymidi department:of :the Board -of -Inland- Revenue,:' states Ithat-the practice is for the oficers, if ' they suspect a trader of adulterations, or on information given to them, to fgd' and procure samples; - Many are competent to examine samples on the spot. If they- have any doubt on their own judgment, they secd them to the laboratory tobe further examined. And -he adds,' as showing the rbsult of the system adoptetbythi board,- that adIteration Iasbeen totally stopped in some .rticles, and much diminished in' others, from the very fact that traders know they arc liable to inspection by the Excise officers. - - - - "It has been suggested that the prevention of adultera. tionsin food might be' accom sed by an extension of the systesm of the~Board 'of nd R:evenule; but your' commaittee are of opinion that no machinery for this p'urpose wilvork satisfactorilymmleassthe agents employed dlerive their authority from corcorate 'or other local governing bodies. - -.;= 'St wfil be dedrable,qtherefore to empowermunicipal or other local or district authorities to appoint an officer, or Qfficers, who, on complaint made,- orin cares of i-easonable suspicion, shall procure-portions-of any article supposedto be adulterated, with a view to their exauinaiion oranalysis by some duly -quilified-person appointed for' that purpose,' On the report of such persons, if it eoimfirn th'e suspicion of adulteration, a summons shbl be issued 'and the case be investigated before-the justices, who shall have poeire't infict'sanmmary punishment, by fine or imprisoimnent, in every cseaewhere pecuniary: fraud or dinger tohejth-sh&l bv been proved. Theustices should also be empowered to publish the names of' offenders'. The advantagges-of publicity have beCn nrged by: ritay witnesses, and.especiallrby Dr- huashl and -Zir' Wakley, who attributo a resent great aisuiinti&ouiin;tbs iniounlt of gdulterstibn to ths bmnblica' t.'n- of names a and ether~ particulars 'in- the treport&' of tpm hould n eo toth*09 o Qautie rec s s s w h i -~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~e-c t- weretobe mtend m ef , b ; U st ro elthed }wore o'thb to loca al evert ra1lthough xcemitrteea eon of the law again otin the 2fdsho I;U llocil -authontiens the o dmoiion i t veryai'Uth assistance wrould1 be aords to mSi beiszin acrai the fact of adltai if ormoreeific yuiS wiere to be oypstet un;d te awithority of the Generl B~ord ofFfealth-fo whomitbe lncal xuthznihti" wliesw ever thbe -though i, efany arceseidunder mslidn afdultratices for- is and wrho- wolda isus enable the persons chaxed rit~eadx- & etaon of'th laY tfo obain at onoes, awd Without ce, fully cometM opinion imn a flllta es - . n h.e" eanTe a zer-should7i aloundertke. itoexainie "ir 1rikles sent to themw private individualF,4r poeyinen t theexpensesofsuch examinion. . ,"Your committee would. also tthe neral Board of Health ahouldifrow time to-tiini 1sse Enel-inforination ss to the nature of the adulteratioSiS of arUiclegf food, &c., injuFiou to health, a may be obtained inthe prngress of acientihc rseesc on this aub3ect, ind s would srve to guide the local. authorites in. teir. endeavourn't detee thee fraud - - "Withreference to drigs, your commit66 are of opinio that no inspection, at the outports woid guarntee to the consEmer the purittof oommodities pn through the hands of intermediab riec; - na fte excusion of imp' drugs 'woulda operate sn urionsly, - byTterfeng with the supply obtained by sitntific prees, caleto extract aluble matter, evenfrom. poe o ing o -wOrthleso.- "It has been suggested that chidste anddrnsr aboi eallowedto exerCise their callngonlyunderense. ~sent, to use the words oDf onI o the. 1 inses rcJc '-1,Iaman& may be a, shoemaker-eo.day.adacyns n dispenser of drug to'snorrow,though hecanotmethe name of 'pharmaceutical ch, nicst!' -The quastion-or licenses, howerer, may perhaps be properly ddeferfed till iti he seen how far the eeorts eo tbe . aeuticalSccleS t and a more general system of inspection may prove suic' cessfuL. The e=isting powers of inscin in England are 6onfined to the Collee of Physicians aid the Aothecariee' Company. The powe the latter reveryxneted, extending only to apoihearies' shops, Xan 'in no6 waL tZ thosewaf nfcmi an. druggists The College of PhysictLmu has authnty to inspect both one and -the other - but thii authority is confined to the limits of the City of London, wilere in*p'ection te place thre tihme3 .ga-yir. The.in' spection, -however, seens to be too csory to be of anygreat ;"tlh been sho that much good hzs aisen from -theestablishment of the lhcarmaoeuticul Society, the xaembires |of-which, being speiall educated in the lmowledge of' drugs, are better abl-tha heretofore to iuakeeroper sele tions and to detect adulterations. Several witnesses, too have borne testimony to the great-advantage which would ensen if poor law gn rdisns sud msuagers of hospitals an&other simiL instituions would, insteid of accepting, as they too often do, theelowest tender foridrut nnid,', if,r articles of- food also cwo them to noderle sjctcd, and, if needful, analyzedj befor admitting them. uinte se. ; "Though not coming strictly witbin the scope of the inxqui-iy intrusteto them,your-committee cannotforbear cdal ink attention to the evidenoe concernng ptent medicnes,the sale of poisons, and the state of the Phaopceias of the three kdigdoms. "'"With regard to patent medicines, there can be no doubt tflat the public health is'endangered by the use of several of. these compounds; and -our committee are of opinion that the stamp duty, by giving them a seeming Government s aLnction, has an injurious influence in encouraging their jsile and 6onsuniption, and should be abandoned, whenever this cqn be done with a due regard to the nts of the I ublic revenue. ^ The risrestricted sale of poisons is a mnater of pressing importance, and deserres the early attention of the Legislatulre. -At the preentniomnent, the most ciolent poisons maybe universally sold, wiithout any restriction except suach a;is afforded by the sense of morad responsibility on the part of the dealer. It is needless to point out the serOus conse'k qences which frequently ensue from this unrestained fr. i om.-. To. take a familiar instance-it is stted ii evidence that the execntial oil of bitter almonds, xnd what is called 'alinondflavour,' of various strengths, and containigighlydabgerous elementis, are oenl and comlnonlysold for cnhi ny purposes, and in e htands of serintewbolyignorant of their propertits, ussed -in quantities often dangerous,' and sometimes fatlL It is well 'orthy of consideration: 'wbether the sale of poisons should not be forb:dden, nles under the authority of amnodical prescription, orunderesuch conditions, as to witnesses and formal entries of the Dames and addresses of purchasers, as may secure the needful amount of caution. " The evil arising fromn the existence of three distinct,and, in some importat instances, widely differisigphJannafcopsiassfor the three kingdoms, is one too evident to need .enforcement. The result is, that many of the presciptions of one country are not only inePficacious,, but oftenL abeo.lutelydangerous, if made up in either of the others. One of the-witnesses states that an E3dinburgh prescr.ption, -containing a solution 'of morphia, made up in Iondon, would involve the patient's tal;ng twioe the quantity'intnded On-the other hand, a patient taling prussic acid under i 3Edinburgh prescription, made up in London, rould be .tking only half the quantity intended, the edinbubgh prussic acid being twrice the strength of the prosic acdd oE the London pharnacopceia. This is an evil which canA be remedied onl^y byv the comAbined1 efforts of'the medical auAtho. rities oE England, rland, and Scotlanud, to -whom the sub[icst should, withoudey, be referred.". -
THE PUBZrC HEALTH. From the egisrartGeneral's WeeMkyEeturn.) The inhabitants of Yondon are not in an averge' state of - health. 1,250 deaths were registered in the week that nided August 16, whereas the corrected avrage of the corc fesponding eight weeks of previous years, When, cholera was not epidemic, is 1,127. In the second 'week of August, 1S849 and 18i4, cholera was epidemic, and the deaths amounted to 2,230 and ,833. Summer cholera now prevails to a sight extent, and was fatal in 2-2 cases; diarrhcea was fatal in 253 cases. 242 children died of these diseasee under the age of 10; 11 of the adultswere under 60 years, and 22 -were 60 years of age and upwards. Of 1,250 persons of the various stted ages, 760 were under 20 years of age; 150 were of the age 20-40; 145 were 40-60; 15e were 6MOO ; 39 only were of the age of S0 and upwards. 620 of the persons wnose career -was cut short under 60 years of age died either of zymotic diseases or of diseases of-the respiratory orns and conumption. These dieeaes are natural to man, but their ravages are greatly aggravated by the phvsical impurities of. the atmo-' sphere aeen from a distance hanging in a cloud over London. "AiS simole of our mnifactoriis has been rendered Ies; dense then it wAs by Lord 1Palmerstones Act. It will ascend as dark as ever in winter from the fires of 340,000 houses; butDr. Axnott has shown that, the evil may be greatly diminished, and by the mere modification of lighting the fire from the top much of the smoke is burnt. The dust of the principal strees, w'hicare now eovered 'with horse dung, watered every day, and beat up by oinni. buses, may be got rid of byrquent ceansing and by new processes. The railys which traverse the southern, the eastrn, and the northern pars of London would, if e-, tended to the centre and the west, mot only relieve the thickest thoroughfareg, but facilitate the movements and. the traffic of the populstlon, dwelling in houses which it -vas computed at the lst cenius could be all visited by going over sometbing more than 6,563 miles of grounld. - The third class of atmospheric impurities is invisible, but it arises from the long xetention of the excrement-of london under the house andim the sewer -According to, the estimite of mr. Lwee, London could supply the farmers of MEEI&d daily 'ith 29 tons of anmmonis, 51 tons of car bon, 14 tons of phosphateg, 32 tons of mineral matter.' and 14 tons of other matter, making in the aggregate 14A' tons of dry maure, .dilived naturally in about 19 times its weight of water. Tle country requires this precious nianure, which London is anxious to getrlid of at any reasonable cost, as it isnowr known to be as insalubrious as it is offensive. The problem for the engineer to solve is, how can 3,003 tons of town guno be retured daily to the Aisinfecting soil, Iromsn'wich it 'was chiefly taken,'with the lwest offencea tohelth, and with thele atcoSt ? Shall it b di tributed - by pipes, orbyrilwys? Shalitbediinfectd bywater, earth, he, or any mical oompound? . - ' IUnderthe present axpngement somehundreds of thou,, snds of i of this matter lie in store in LoIadon,-putiefying in cempools and perooating the streets, -while the reside is thrown into the Thames at grest cest. - - P ~ All thew impurities of the air we breathe in London havea evidently a natural tendency to increase more rapidly fhaaW ibepopulation, and can only he removed by the vigilance,. intelligence, and energy of the Boards of works. Every substantil sanitary improvement they effect -will boeas evident as the diminution in themortalityof the distnicts which now receive a purer water, and- which will, it m2y be excted, ere long receive it on -the system of constant.supply. During the week the births of 793 boys and 782 girls, in all1,575children,werersered' in London.- In the ten correspcondingweeks or the years 186-55 the average numher wras 1,427.- 'The meteorolog7yof the weoek underwent great changes.Z Tbe barometer stood at 2B9-63 in. on an average..- Tho nmea temperature of the air was 669 deg. dur g -thawcek it was 693 deg. on Sunday, n1 deg. on Monday, 4d- felt gradualy tof2-5 aeg. on Saturda. he higesttemperature ofthe air in the shade rose to 87deg.`onMfonday. Thelo*t tcmp;erature of the air, 48-5 deg., was observed'pon Sunday, ,AL-t. The thermometer in tae sun rose everT day to-100 deg. and upwards, attaining 105-5 deg. on Wedn'es&d. Tlxe mtinperature of the Thames was 704 deg. The drynEm the. air was indicated by the 9-1 deg. of difference betweet the temperature of the wet and dry bulb thermcane*ei=s' The wind was soaefh estF aned moved at- the memfratk of il)m3ilea a-day over Greenrwich. Nearly lss- an lsh (04? of riin feil on Thursday, andX rai foil also on MfoDdiaiici listurdav in gesntlc showrs. T hc elecricitljws positivi diuingtee. iiA -ce -- .- . - ' .'
I ZOADOX, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 20, 185. IUntaught, by his experience of the past, and rckless of what may gccur in the future, the King of NAPIEs has met the remonstrances of France and Great Britain with open defiance.. Is he not aA-- anointed King? Does he not hold a comMissoi fro-m above to worlk his will upon his subjects? Who shall presume to interfere with the action oi a -Monarch whose own Wi is the meaaure of his rights ? To each of the two Government3 reproaches are addressed with all the violence and all the impotence of aMlity. How -c. France, -itholut gross inconsistency, dare to remonstrate vith the King of the Two SiCois upon his treatment of his subjects? How can she cvea venture to point out that the peace of Europe may be compromrised unless he should condescend to alter his policy, -when she herself has so recen*y &apatched her armies to the East to vindicate ihe law of non-interference ? It is for England, lovvever, that the most puissant efforts of the Royal logic are reseived. WhEt would Lord PAWLEtoox may were the King of the Two Sioa.ms to assume for once the mantle of mild. licf3, and to point out t) him the blots which vl^nminmtrmtion in British India or in lieland? Would ho listen- for a mnoment to the -bland remonszrances of the Eavoy, who m5ght be commissioned to distil -into his ears the counsel of his Royal master? Most assuredly not-such is the conclusion of the K±xo: not only would the FIirst Mlinister of England turn a deaf ear to such uliseasonable advice, but -he would on the instant cause his passports to be delivered to the bold diplomatist w ho had dared to tamper with the majesty of Great Britain. Alas for the wretched subjects of the Sicilian Kx !-there is nob one of them who might not -envy the lot of the most oppressed subject of the British Crown, whether in India, or in Ireland, or in any other portion of our dominions. We were not aware that English statesmen, or Englishmen generally, were so punctilious, and if the King of the Two .Sicrms, through the medium of his Envoy to the Court of St. James's, or in any other way that may seem most fitting to himself, will favour us with a few hints for the 'benefit of our Irish, or Indian, or colonial fellow-subjects, we shal feel nothing but gratitude for the kindly motives which prompted his suggestions, and shall be ready to adopt them without reserve. All this, however, is mere trifling. WVhat can such a person as the King of NX&LEs know of the condition of Ireland or of British India, a7nd what cares he about their misery or their prosperity? ' He had resolved not to listen to the remonstrauces of the allies. He cid not wish to reason, but to scold. What he required was not an argument, but a reproach. If the King of NArLEs will select that portion of Ireland or of British India which he may consider the worst governea, and grant to his subjects the same immunities and the same measure of liberty which the most oppressed subjects of the British CMov.N now enjoy, he may hold himself for the future to be secure from all remonstrances from the Western Powers. The question, however, of non-interference, under any circumstances, with the action of a foreign Government in its relations with its own subjects, is another and a more delicate matter. The King of NAPzrs denies the right under any conditions. Whether the position be a tenable one or not for the moment we will not say ; but who made him King? But for the fleets and armies of England in the first instance, and for the joint interference of the allies by various acts of successive Congresses, the present King of NWA?r would be a wandering Pariah in some foreign country, dependent probably upon the commiseration of foreign Governments for his support. Q It is mainly Great Britain that has forced the dynasty of which the present King of the Two SICmES is the representative upon a reluctant people by sheer force of arms. We are in a condition to judge of past counsels by actual events. We can now appreciate the policy of the support given by Great Britain to the Neapolitan BounBONS when the conquering armies of NApOLEOrN had hurled them from the mainland and driven them, under the protection of our flag, to their insular dominion. Not for a week, not for a day, would they have been safe even in that last place of refuge but for the active and constant interference of that Power which is novw warned by the King of the Two SicrLirS not to interfere in Neapolitan affairs, because interference implies a violation of the public lavw of Europe. The question in the abstract of noninterference in the domestic concerns of a 'oreign State may present some difficulties of definition, but in practice a solution is not so wholly unattainable. Without entering upon the general question, it will be sufficient for the moment to establish as a principle that when any particular State is so grossly misgoverned as to endanger a general European conflag-ration other States are justified, for the sake of their own security, in demanding that what is amiss shall be rectified. A private individual has no -imed fame right to enter his neighbours aprtment or his neighbour's house, but if he is informed that his neighbour has laid up a good store of gunpowder, and other combustibles, and is in the habit of casting burning cinders among the barrels for his pastime, it is then high time to abandon the doctrine of non-interference. It is with States as with individuals; even in their dealings with their own subjects independent Governments must consider that without the limits of their own territories there are nations who will not permit their interests to be imperilled. Now, has such a case arisen within the dominons of the King of NAPLES at the present moment? We are well aware that, wit} the exception of the Sardinian possessions, there is not a square mile of the Italian Peninsula which is- not ready for revolt. The first effective rising in any one of the Italian States will set Italy in a blaze from one end to the other. At Naples, and in the Neapolitan provinces, the exasperation is at the highest. Civilians can no longer tolerate the oppressions and espionage of the police. The galleys and prisons are crammed wlith unfortunate er'sons whose crime is that they are suspected of not wishing well to the Government of the King. In the Last place, -we may now say, as it is no secret, that the army itself, with the exception' of the Swiss mercenaries, has been so disgusted with the LNG that the native regiments are, ready to go over to the people on the first outbreak of hostilities. The Neapolitan troops, as far as the Government can contrive it, are disseminated about in various fortresses> where they are rather the watched than the watchers. ln the city of Naples itself they are placed under the surveillance of the Swiss. Swiss and Neapolitan regiments are ready to exchange, not to unite, fire on the first convenient opportunity. lt is uncLer these circumstances that tha Ming of NAPLrs has thrown down his gauntlet in the face of the Western Powers. He is literally depending for his tenure of power from day to day on the support of the Swiss regiments in his employ, and on the Lazzaroni of the capital. 3a cae of any outbreak the Knh'G win let loose the Swis and the Lazzaroni on the town, with license to work their will, so "order be restored at Naples." What effect this threat may produce we know not, but such calculations as these, when too publicly announced, are not unconmonly stultified by the event. What other resources the King of NAPLs may have at his disposal we know not, unless, indeed, he has received assurances of sympathy and aid from Austria, in violation of the public declarations of that, Iower. The real strength, however, of the King of the Two SICES lies in hiis absolute weakness. The presence of two French and two English line- of-battle ships in his bay would be sufficient to insure his absoIute destruction. The Powers can pass no other sentence than that of deposition ; therefore it is they hesitate, and would rather leave the King of NAPILs to his better reflections or to the justice gf his subjects. If it be yet time, -and it is not quite clear that time is left,-we str ongly recommend the Km-G to reconsider his determination. He need not speak, after all, with such disgust of the constitution, for he swore to it. He need not hold up the principle of foreign interference to such entire execration, for foreign interferene replaced his family upon the throne of the Two Siciliee We shrewdly suspect that it is not incumbent upon the Western Powers to take any very active steps in this matter. It is ufficient that it should be known. throughout the. Two Sicilies that France andEngland are not in the least disposed to assist in rivetting the chais Ihich their KING has I and the-event Ma&y be 1,.: to man's isticts ad Ithe turmof thebua-glu. 11 - . I - . . .
*Teevacuation' o'f Turk b th key by the aIlics- will possibly prove to be the turning. poiiit'in the modern history of that empire. 'The great tl is now to begin; we are to learn if the grounds on which We have restored the Ottoman State to independence are tenable, end if the promises which its sponsors have made are likely to be fulfilled Soon not asingleforeignsoldier willtreadtheTurkish soil; the SULTAN and his advisers will be perfectly unfettered, and may congratulate themselves on a .position beyond their highest hopes three years since.. For a oentury and a half no Turkis4 ruler has been so po-werful as ABDux MDIDJI. He cannot, it is true, threaten Vienna or scour the Mediterranean with a' fleet, but he is the undisputed master of the most fleiely placed empire on the globe, of regions which ouly require the labour of man to raise them,to the height of wealth and fertility. No independent Viceroys, no rebellious pashasweaen his authority. His Christian allies have understood the word "sovereignty" in their own sense, as the possession of supreme, indefeasible rights; and Tunis, TripoliA and Egypt, Servia, MJontenegro, and the Danubian Provinces. rer fully submitted to his sway, scarcely saving the local iprivileges accorded to them in old times. It is said that the Sun, evinced both surprise and anger on !earning that the new decree in favour of the Christians was to be seriously carried out, and even forbade from his presence the GRAND VrzR, whom he held responsible for gaining his assent tinder false pretences. Tf this be correct, it shows in what manner a party at Constantinople interpreted the late war. Everything was to be done for the ruling Power, and all reciprocal obligations were to be forgotten the moment safety and independence were achieved. Tne politicians of the capital will not be slow to turn what is caUed 44 reform", to their own advantage. Theymost assuredly care nothing for the philanthropic wishe3 of the Western nations; they probably cannot even understand them. That people two thousand miles away should trouble themselves about the welfare of races from which they can expect no immediate return is enough to puzzle the generality of Mlussulman officials. They will ask themselves the motive of all this sympathy,-vhat is to be gained by it? and, unless they discover a solid reason, they will conclude that it is assumed, and, though quite ready to bear a part in the play, they will soon show how unreal they consider it. NOW, it is quite uncertain whether any direct improvement will take place in the lot of the Christian population and the poorer classes generally on account of the late firman; but there can be little doubt that if the Westem Powers press for its execution the ruling body at Constantinople will endeavour to turn it to a means of extending their power and making the whole empire more inumediately subject to themselves. In Turkey, as in other countries, equality will be made an excuse for centralization; not that the new official whio governs as the shadow of the Minister will be less selfish and grinding than his predecessor, who, throagh custom and the distance of hiis province, was able to set up a kind of independent authority and tyrannize in a rougher fashion than is consistent with modern usages; but everything will now be done in a more regular manner. Of yore, perhaps, no accounts were kept; now they wil be ready to the day, but civilization will ha-re introduced the skill by which they may be made to veil even more than former delinquencies. No man will be openly plundered, as formerly, but those who do not propitiate the governing power will find themselves unsuccessful in all their enterprizes, and the new system will be somiething too artful for the ordinary European Consul of the locality to expose. It seems to be allowed, as stated by our Constantinople correspondent, that the direct government by the PORTE has not benefited the subject provinces. No empire except England has so many various races under its sway requiring so much judgment for their control. We can hardly wonder, therefore, that the strings of all these Administrations cannot be held in the Council-room at Constantinople. The old government by Pashas, who held their places for many years at a time, was a species of self-government, inasmuch as the ruler generally identified himself in some measure with the people he -was among. Provincial officers, provincial lawyer-, servants born in the pasha'ic, all made himi in a short tme acquainted with the country and interested in its wants. If it grew rich, he could build up a larger fortune; if. it grew powerful. he was a greater man in the eyes of his master and of his brother Pashas. He therefore, not unnaturally, gave play to the local energies; and, if he were an able man, the province prospered in its own primitive way. But now the provincial ruler is a niiuch less exalted personage. It is, no doubt, better for the empire as a wh6ce. There is no chance of intestine war. Never again can there be an Art PAsHm of Janina or a 3mzizET Ai of Egypt. The new Govcrnor is often a poor servile hanger-on of one of the great Pashas of the PouRT, for it is now seldom that a man of property is appointed, least of all to a district where his own possessions lie. He goes, having borrowed money of Armenian bankers, on the desperate chance of makdng a fortune. He may be recalled in a few months, and plunged in obscirity; he may be raised to some loftier post. The latter is always his great aim, and he only looks on the office which he holds as a step to something more. No superior political knowlede balances this great defect. He is not a sialful administrator ana souna economist despatehed from the capital to establish civilization in a half-feudal province, but merely a selfish and ignorant adventurer, superior in noteing to the old school of Pashas, and inferior to them in independence of character and a certain interest in the well-doing of their resective provinces. - It may weUl be said that reform is uged on. too fast, if it be sought to reduce the heterogeneous Ottoman empire to the administrative pattern of France or Prussia. We shall probably soon understand, what nearly every one conversant with the East has declared, that the Turldsh imitation- of European. forms is but a shallow and superficial civilization. . The capital, the Ministerial depart*ments, even the army, may benefit by the adoption of the- institutions which prevail in Europe ; but it is impossible that the people as a mass can be. governed by usages to which they are utterly unaccustomed. To denationalize even the races of the East must be to lower them and impede their progress. Sclaves and Albanians, Turks, Greeks, Arabs, and Africans, cannot aJl be brought in a day under one form of administration, however elastic and prudently carried out. Provinces separated from each other by distance and difficulties of conumunication must for many years longer require for their development men conversant with their wants, and intereated in studying their respective capabilities. Such men the centralized Stamboul system cannotproduce. Even English Governors of colonies are apt to display much pedantry and ignorance for the first twelvermonth that they pass in a new part of the globe, and ara often orly well acquainted with their duties iwhen it is time to quit their, posts. We cannot wonder, then, that provinces wither under the sway of the needy, uneducated, and constautl changing Stun- boul offlicals. It iu evideut that the regeneratioa, -of Turldai state i3a niore compjlex problni~ :n either Europeana or niatives are wilng tbe lieve, and we.niuchkfear that even the gobd iutentions of reformers are likely to cause evils hardly less than those gast- &~ hi -ekorts ta . is aailtwhich they directtheir
The "Report of the Select- Committee of the "House of Commons on the Adulterstion of Food"' is now before us. The following paragraph appears to sum up the conclusions 'which the committee has arrived at "Ilf, as regards the aduteration of articles sith-sibstances of a cheaper-and innocuous character, the pubV4c derive the full benefit of this cheapuess in a lower price, it 'would be dinicult if not unwise, for the Legislature to interfere, unless it could do soby requring that every smch article be sold as a mixture, as disinguiahed from the articlo in its pure state. -Bnt whenever, an article is so adulterated as to involve pecuniary fraud or injury to health, it appears to your. committee to be the duty of the egilature to provide some eficient remedy."' It will be observed that this paragraph, though cautiouslyworded,ddoes not're'comniend the application, of legisative intereuce to.adulteration itself. The committee does not appear to object to simple adulteration--. e., to selling an arhiclei under.the name and profession of being the genuine article, while it is not such really, but a mixture of -the genuine article . with various -other substances. This :is -what, in cormmon parlance, is meant by adulteration, and in this 'the. committee sees no criminalitv, though' it hiuts, that the Legislature might impose upon the seller the use of some mark to distinguish such mixed article from the genuine-not that it goes so far as to reconmend even this. So far the report seems to represent certain opinions of a particular section of the committee. which come out very prominently in the proceedings. Great efforts were made by some members of the committee .to get this whole question of adulteration regarded strictly according to the rules of political economy, ancd treated simply as a question of supply and demand. It was assumed that the public could tell a genuine article from a mixed one, and that they preferred a mixed one because it was cheaper, and, upon that assumption, the inference was muade that, after all, the seller, of mixed or adulterated articles only met the wishes of the public, in the kind of article he sold. The public had rather have a cheap article mixed than a dearer one genuine, and they got what they wanted; there was no pecuniary fraud in such a transaction. The mixed article was sold at the market price of the different materials of which it was composed, so that the purchaser received what was worth the money he gave. All this view of the case followed, or was, supposed to follow, from the assumption just mentioned; but we must beg leave to doubt the truth of that assumption. We doubt whether the public agrees to buy, or thinks in the act of purchase that it is buying, a mixed article. A man goes into a shop to buy a loaf of bread, or a pot of marmalade, or a pound of coffee, or an ounce of cayenne. He may know that mixture and adulteration are common enough in these articles, and that therefore he runs the risk himself of buying them' mixed and adulterated; but we deny that he consents to that mixture, or that there is any understanding between him and the seller to that effect. He wants the genuine article, and if an article is sold to him as the genuine one which is adulterated he is cheated. The committee distinguish in the paragraph we have quoted between simple adulteration and adulteration which involves " pecuniary fraud," aud assume that there is only "pecuniary fraud" when the mixed or adulterated article is sold at a higher price than the inferior substances vith 'which it is mixed would bring in the market,-that is to say, they only allow fraud to consist in charging more for an article than its component materials are actually worth. But is there not fraud in calling an article what it is not, and selling it as genuine when it is really mixed? It will be said, "Oh ! the "public virtually know' this; they know that if "articles were really genuine they would have to "pay more for them, and they would not like to "have to pay more; so they are sucbstantially "responsible for the present composition of these "articles." But we reply, in the first pLace, that this is certainly not trtue of one portion of the public. The classes that can afford to buy the genuine article want to have it, but the present system prevents them. However willing they may be to pay for it, it is not to be had for love or 3noney. Here is an obvious injustice, then. A man wants to. buy g-enuine coffee, and he buysy coffee mixed with chicory, roasted wheat, beans, and mangoldwurzel. It is very poor consolation to him to be informed that he has got the chicory, roasted wheat, beans, and mangoldwurzel at the proper market price of those substances; for even if he has got them under the market price he is illused, because he did not want them at any price. So the potato and other starehes which are mixed with his arrowroot may have been sold at their fair market price, but that is n1o compensvtion to hi3m. This class of purchasers, then, is certainly ill-used by the present system. In the next place, if there is any portion of the public so ill off that it had rather have a mixed article at a lower price than a-pure -one at a higher, this, at any rate, ought not to be taken for granted 'without giving the purchaser a choice in the matter. But, according to the present system, he has no, choice; he must have either the mixed artiek or none at all. All this is the more important because aduleration is sure to grow and increase, so that, if what the committee calls " innocuous' adulteration is allowed, pernicious adulteration is sure to go along with it; and it must be remembered, too, hor absolutely the pyublic are at the mercy of shopkeepers in these matters. The. rule of caveat eiaptor would be a very unfair one to apply rigidly in such 'cases. -How is a man, when he goes into a shop, to know a spurious article from a genuine one ? The seller has him in his power, unless, indeeed, every man is to be compelled to keep a chymist in ordinary, to take with him on his shopheepingg roands aiid test every article he buys. It' may be said the poor want cheap aricles, and that cheap articles mrust be adulterated ones ; and the defender of "innocuous?' adulteration nay use this argument for the conlaUson he anives at; but how can you check adulteration when it begins; and when it has outgrown the harmless limit, and become poisonous, Who are' so absolutely the victims of 'this worst and most fatal hind of adulteration as the poo? T they are simply at the mercy of the shopkeeper in the village or the nearest market town. They have no choice but to buy what is placed before, them, and. cannot change their chymist or their grocer, as their. 'wealthier neighbours can, or send up to London for' their goods. They are, in fact, in the hands of that class of tradesmen' who are least under: the influence of public opinion, and who are most tempted to. make theeir way: by the low arts and tricks of trade. At the same time too much' must not be expected from legislation in the way of cure for these grievances and protection to the purcIasor. A standing board of HA&ssALLs, who -would punish the fraudulent by publishing their: names, 'ould, perhaps, be a better security to, the public against the dishonesty of tradesnieik than any legislative penalty.
SITEGB, RATIS AT The Chathim ine .ee yester&y the scene of i an -intert n peies. fof siege operations, caried on by the troops of the -garrison in concert with . th''oyel and the Hon. East:'India: Company's gineers, i -preafnce Of ' is Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Tne weather wvas eceedingly unPropitious, and the attendaiiceof -visitors oontequeitly very small. No morning mi Novembir ever broke more dreaiily. The night had been -wet and. gusty, and. the rising sun reveald -' acold and ch,eerless scene. A dense, 'dank mist"--hung'* close 'to the earth, the hedger-owis -ere .enveloped' in.a thick vapour, . and the plaiitations were 'dripping with fog-damp. Nor did-the day grow better as it grew older; a black squaUl from the north-eastsweeping up the Medway and rustling through.the -trees and bushes gave.ominous indication of a coming storm. Towards noon the sky became completely.overcast, and soon, to use the language of the Crystal palace Compa ny, "the' whole -system of waterwerks W2as5iifull<. play." But th^is, unfortanate condition of t. the,. weather . did not impede the progress of the. mimic siege nor damp the ardour of -those lwh-o were engaged in it. Independently of the troops who kept the ground, and wh6 were for the most part recruiits of the Royal Sappes and Miners, ,there. were assembled within the lines about: 2,700 rank and file, of whom 1,0O0 :were- Sappers, -and 600 Royal Marines, while the remainder constituted the, Provisional Battalion.'. Colonel . Savage and Colonel Sandham commanded the Sappers, Colonel PhiMips the Mfarines, and Colonel Jervis the' Provisional Battalion, while the command in chief devolved on: Colonel Eden, who is at the head of the garrLson. The Provisional Battalion was.composed of the depGtsof thefollowingregiments:-5th, 8th, 10th, 12th, 24th, 26th, 27th, 29th,. 32d, 35th, '37th, 40th, 43d, 45th, 53(3, 56th, 60th Rifles, (1 st, 6lth, 70th, 74th, 75th, 78th, 81st, SSd,' 84th, 86th; 87sth. The troops -were all iinder arms at half-past llo'clockF, and afterbeing inspected by their conmasnding offlcers were paraded on the reviewvgroundadjoiningthe:EntB3arracl, where they received .instructions from Colonel Saudham, R.E. The D keof Cambridge, whowore the undress uniform of a general-officers arrived from 'London at 12 o'cloclk, in company with General Sir J. Burgoyne, I.C.13. His Royal Righness was attended by his aides-de-camp, Major Clifton and Colonel Gordon; Sir J. Burgoyne, by Captain Stopford. Having spent. soime little time -vith the Commandant, the Duke repaired to the North Parade, where he was received by a guard of honour of the Sappers, the goat and the camel which share the foitunes of that scientific corps being also in attendance to give him welcome. At 1 o'clock the troops were all assembled within the lines, and then ensued a series of movements designed to illustrate -various stages and processes in the rival arts of assailing and defending fortresses. Rand grenades and stones were collected in great quantities near the mortars inside the right branch of St. Mary's Eornswork. Sods and deal tompions also -were Upplied in abundance, and each man was provided with 10 rounds of blank cartridge. The gans were ranged in battery, and manned by the Royal Marine Light Infantry. The siege operations were conducted with extraordinary rapidity First a pary of the Line from the Provisional Battalion, unIder the direction of Captain Walker, Ioyal Engoineers, went through the escalading exercise against the right face of Prince Henrs Bastion, -with 20 ladders, the 10 in advance being placed against the escarp, and 10 against the counterscarp. A covering party formed on the crest 'of the glacis to the right and left of the ladders, but did not open iheir lre. When the ladder parties had crossed the ditch the covering party followed and the whole formed within the bastion. They then recrossed the ditch in reverse order-viz., 1st, the covering party who took up their orig,ial position on the crest of the glacis; 2d, the counterscarp ladder party who drew their ladders from the ditch and ground them at the foot of the glacis; 3d, the escarp ladaer party who followed and brought theirladders across the ditch, ascending the countersarp and forming their ladders in second line at the foot of the glacis, wvhere the ladders were left until the operations of the day were concluded. Captain' Walker conducted the party to the left of the attadk, and posted them in the parallels and advanced works and lodgnments in connexion with the troope of the garrson already distributed in the works of the attac. - The' double sap, the great descending gallery, and the two single saps were under the direction of Major Sed ey, Lieutenant Bullen, and Ensign Jones. After these -works had been inspected a fire was cemmenced from the batteries, parallels, and rifle pits, by solnd of bugle. The men were then withdrawn from the lodgment in -front of the Redan, and the lodgment was destroyed by the mines of the garrison, fired by a voltaic battery in charge of Captain Scott. The next operation was the construction of a pontoon bridge formed by rafts, under the command of Lieutenant Phillips. This singular craft, which started into existence as if by magic, was rowed up under the rigit bank of St. Mary's creek=, across the mouth of the ditch of St. Mary's hornwork. As soon as the pontoon bridgewas formed a party of 12 Sappers, under Captain Brine, Lieutenant Storer, and Ensign' Thackery, with bags of powder, and with filled sandbags for tamping, preceded by a covering party, advanced from the lodgment on the extreme right of the attack, followed by a party of 100 men of the provisional battalion, crossed the pontoon bridge, and proceeded along the glacis in front of the hornwork *until they reached the stocade. The coveringl parthy then lay down, 'but did not fire. The Sappers passed through them, placed the powderbags against the stockade, and covered them with the sandbags. Captain Brine tien ordered the parties to retire, and, having ignited the fuse,- joned the parties, and retired with them to the head of the bridge. A party of Sappers, under the charge of lTeutenantMitchell, protected by General Blanshard's iron mantlets, then quitted the same lodgments. formed on the crest of the glacis, and covered the party told off to form a bridge with General Blanshard's Infantry pontoons, across the wet ditch of the right branch of St. Mary's hornwork. Ensign Thackery established two ladders against the counterscarpfor the formation of the bridge, and LieutenantR. M. Smith laced two ladders agains he escarp resting on the head of the bridge as soon as it wass formed. Rethen sent ulp two men with lilaooks to cut an opening in the quicksetnhedge on the "berme," by wrhich the escalade was effected. While these operations were going on, iAeutenant Anderson, wit Lieutenant Brwoke, took charge of an escalading party of eight ladders, carried bGySappers, four for the escarp and four for the countencarp, -which noved out from the right of the lodgment in front of the Redan, and eacaladed at' the point where the embrasures of the ramr crossed eacij other. When the explosion aga=nst tlhe stockade had taken place a parlty of' Sappers, --with crowbars and axes, advanced from the head of the pon- I toon bridge, followed by the min body at 4'the i double," and cleared the breach in the stockade to enable 'themi to -pass through it. IBnslly, the troops having gained the inside of the works were formed in coetiguous columns of corps. The Provisional Battalion and the Royal Marines LIght Infantry then marched back to their barrac. Throt hout all these diEcult' operations the men displayea preci mn a d . celerity 'of mo*ement tat evoked niversal dmition. The quielc measurement of distanes, the rapid, sidlful, and unexpected concentration of forces -upon particular . point the. coolness andthe ciencewhich give to war its chief grandeur and power, wem al represented with a vividnsss' and a splendour of effect which might 'kidle a spark of martial enth'asiasm' eve' in the' pacific breasts of those who, 'like Casio, "1Never set a squadron in the field, -'Nor the division of a battle ]now " fore thai'a'siiatr."i After the other troops had retired the Sappers still lingered in the scene of' their glory, and made soome experiments in pnooning which evideneod .emarkable ingenuit, and a singulr genius both for constructiveness and destrutiveness. With almost the rapidity of' thought they " boomed" out their planks and, rolleiS, and formed them into bridges, which in. another .initant they- took to pieces and dismantled, and then again converted Taekinto bridges It Was impoEsible to watch the operations of 'this most ingenious corpis wth out perceiving how wonderful is' the progru t;t hs been made . of Iate yeas in the art of pontooning.- oE- ie Penin- r -W.-,Wa bge-iw little, mxore ~~~~~St-bantumber.-d -boit heai.yauiI sumbentied tgated.." yh.w"r, and lialei any nioment to:rp. ¢tr.s-liat i t he 3oints of theXig ;' ?.~iu3±,~ - :om woulday,. the onpOnet ps fit one ink te other with thegreatest e, the labeis firm and compact, and -pren. a mirfac - eveii a4he boading of a room. eed it rmblea a floor laid down upon -the e. ;nother operitioii of i;he Sappers which atviacze much attention wa that of subaqueous exploson. A deof 501b. of gunpowder wAs a.ttahed to- - cse filled writ balks of timber and -sunk in the middle of St; May's Cmeek. At agiven signal it -was fired y A -voltaic battery, under thie airection of: Gaptun Cumberland, and instantaneously there rose . the surface of the river a vast pllar of watei reembling a waterspout.- - The siege operations having been brou6htto'a close,the Duke of Cambridge, who expressed Macor. dial approval of the manner in which they were conducted, visited -the- hospitals and inspectod the Crimean invalids of the Royal Engineier corps. Hii Royal Highne3s then partook of an elegant dgijefkier laid out in the iness-room of the Engineers'.bar-; racks, and at 6 o'clock retumed-to LondoL in company with SirJ. Burgoyne. We regret to have to add that in the course of the. day a serious accident occuzred. A voltaic batte-zy igniting prematurely causedla mine to .explode. --A vast quantity of clay was thow n up in the air, and,' descending on some men of the Provisional Battilion~ in in djoining tremih, bruised t hem severely. The leg of one man -was broken, but providentially noi life was lost. .__._ _-__:f__-
THE LATB DISYU?BA?CES AT LISBON. - -~ ~ . i, ~. (FR3M OUR OWN COPB oNDxM-T.) LISBO2, AUG.- 11.0 The bread riots'whichcommencedhereire nightssince were resumned last night, 'being Sunday and, a leisure day,'upon amore extensive icale, and, unless more energetic steps be taken to supprew them,they are likely to assume an alarmng aspect. The principal points of attack have been theprivate residence of Mr. Eugenio de Almida aud his steam-mills anc bskery, 'which are situated at different extremities of the town, and last night therioters seemeh to have divided themselres into three groups. One took up a central position, Gold-streetb anotherattacked the privateresidence; whUletheth-ira proceeeded to the bakery,which was already under the protechon of a detachment of the Municipal Guards and consequently escaped the conflagration with which it had been threatened. I amnot. aware whether Mr. Almeida was actually at home when his house was attacked, but the rioters were told that he had gone on board ship, and that his vife and children alone remained in the house. The. mob broke down the iron- gates, and, having got into the yard which give-s admittance to the house, had broken the windows and set lire to the door,. when. the fire bells were tolled, and the engines coming up the street under the protection of troops, the mob was dispersed by the cavalry, who used their swords, but were careful to do little damage - andl amalsotoldtheinafantry formedcto chargewith. the bayonet. As respects the rioters who had collected in Gold-street, they appear to have dono little more than give vi7sa to the Ring and cry " Down with the monopolists !" until a body of Municipal Cavalry appeared, 'when they formed across the street, and presented a front,. which led the cavalry to halt, and brought on a parley, during which the Mfarquis of Loul6, Presi-r dent of the Council of Ministers, appeared, and endeavoured to-persuade the mob that the Govern-' ment had taken every-possible step to reduce the price of bread and other provisions, by decreeing their free admission. Ile aso assured them the King' was coming from Cintra, and that all further praeticaLmeasureswouldbe adopted, if they would only have patience, and dispee. It .appears the Marquis's arguments haWd ^no influence upon the, mob>and that he 'was little less successful wben he requested the Municipal Cavalry to disperse them by force. It seemed pretty clear that such foroe could not be -relied upon, as too many of the men were sufferers in their own families, and Sympa-. thized with the people, with whom they mIght have: fraternized had force been actually resorted to. I am told by an eye-witness that one of the mob had' actually cocked his piatol to fise at the MIarquis of LouI6 when he rode off. I ame not aware that the rioters in Golicstreet did any f rther mischief than attaking a couple of bakers' sl~ in the neighbour-. hood, after which they seem to have been led in, E'diferent directions to join their companions at Mhfr. lmeeida's house and bakery, -where tneir disappominment at the little which had been done naturally iduced the whole to disperse, and; before morning the streets were free from the' rioters, the public squares and buildings havimg been occupied during the 'whole night by troops of the Line, including cavalry, infantry, ad - arillery,'which ill have to 'be used more activey: if these dang,erouls proceedings are not. to produce perfect anarchy in the capital. At the moment I 'write f-he Mrinisters have gone to the Palace to meet the King in council Reports say that political partisans stir up these riots to upset the Government, but nothing clear has yetbeen proved upon that head, and I suppose the high price of 3a. per lb., which the poor people have to pay for their bread, is the principa3 cause of the riots, whieh wre, as is often the case, directed - against those who are doing the greatest benefit to the people. lMr. Eugenio de Almeida is the pesn who sells the -eheapest bread in the capital, and his establishment has had the effect of neutralizing the monopoly heretofore exising among the bakers, who combined to keep up high prices when not justfied by the vue of gra. Inthe present instance, however, the price of bread is in proportion to that of grain, which is high, not only on account of badc harvedts in this country, but the impossibility of importing wheat from other places at lower rates, unless the merchant be expected to import without profit, or even at a loss. AUGUST 12. I avail myself of the steam-transport Baffalo to send vou a copy of the letter I wrote yesterday by ller lMjatey's steamer Seahorse respectingw the bread riots,'which, I trulst, havec now been completely checked by the enery of the Government and the mniitar. There is no doubt the Municipal Guard, particularly the infantry, was disposed to fraternize with the rioters, and therefore a deree was issued yesterday by the King in-council, placing the whole of that body temporaily under the Count da Ponte de Santa Maria, 'who acts as Commnander-in-Chief of the army in the absence 'of the Dulke of Saldanh. It was also decreed that all groups of 10 persons oi upwards should be dispersed by force, or captured after 15 minutes' notice. While these -measre were being adopted and printed yesterday. theziotoo,_reckniz'-upo tse- pasMIvezIRS of the M1unicipal Guard, Iihd begn to collect in difieret streetsand squares, but thoy were completely disapesed in the evening by the troopa whicb^l hd replaced' the Municipal Guard. and by 10: oelock the town was even quieter thaii usual, as the, peaceable portion of the inhWbitants'were as anxioiaas the mob to remain at bome. The troops made no ceremony in using their swords aiid' muket% with the rabble, for tie rioters wrere litte el*se, and tranquillity Ws restored at the expense of a few' sabre cuts, which are in no case likely to prove mortal, as far as I canlearn. It is said Lr. de Eugeio Almeida, whoie bakery andhouse had beentheprincipal ob*je of attack, hastal-en out a passport to6leavo the country, and that, he has taken refuge at the American legation, but I thinlk he may now' saely return home, and resume his bakdng, which w suspended l night. ' - It is still said that the rabble were instigated by political intrigue, and, although nothing positive has been proved upon the subject, it is posible that each of t he parties aspiring -to office, as well as the Miglites, who are always redy to disturb the Goverunment, mnay have }lad its ptsans among the rioters to instigate them and avai of the onfuision to promote their owu plan; but all such are nol4' trust, -fully cheeked. Should any more roupa appear, I believe they will be unceremoniou y dispersed, hich is all that a required to keep this naturaly quiet capital completey taqUiL . The Sing Dom. Pedro m returned to Cintra after. the binet Council yesterday and the telegraph iin formed His Majesty during the night that hiE I)reaence wa not likely to be agLin required with refer. ence to the'breid riot. -- -- The Frech sthip Prince Jerome is the only foreign esel of war retmaiing in the Tagu f ter -the departure of the Bufio, the- General Coring. ton taspot hazing lhft on the 1th, and-Her Ma jest" ats.m Seabora. on the 11th, fiir England.
DSPO1TIa I - N 1; -. -i I.-I ROVA-L TRAM*Iq -VAIP'TAV Af. IPVn A-Irm..-- . E as. ssredly there must besbome 'charm in aquatic 1pcrta no'to be apprccint&d -by th6,uninitiatd; inn may audo from the crowds- who assembled in the palting rAin Of yes'era3y to witnes ;tho first d3y's sport of dhe Roysl Thiaee National. Mlegat&a. A. ignornt, 511-judging stranger woald have pronoonced the whole Concourse under the influehce of some unaccountable frensy, id, even tlae nmost enthusiastic of " rowing men" mi have ;idmired the courage and constancy which kept so many of s countroymen out in the pelting: rain all day long as spec-stors -merely, w,thouit Ltbe excitement of acting some part a. the day's proceeding. Every window cornmanding the nivur from Piatnoy to Chiawls had its full complemenxt of Occupant; each bhasn, despite the mad,'which was ankIe d'eep, was thickly lined, and no' a trecon. eitheraside -at bad its grateful knot of shelter-seAkers.- The water par-ties, too, wer nuvmerous; eve description of river craft, from 3ha aristocratic gig to the blaffbo wed,'capacious jolly boat had been put into requisition, and towards the cloea of ihe day, when the turn of the tide had brought down unany parties from Hanmeramith,- there was a thick fringe of boats two or three rows deep on each cido the river for some distance above Patneybridge. Of coulrse thescene was-ndt so gay and variedas it would have been had the sun. been of the party. The fair sen did not muster so strong, end those Indies who did venture forth bad, naturaly-enough, contented themselves with their most sombre toieces. Oilskirn capes and pea coats seemedtobetheprevailingcostume, and,-thoughno One present could deny their' utility and fitness for the occasion, they did notaddmuchtothepicturesquenessofthescene. Every boar, too, which hand not an awning displayed a forest Orn umbrllas, and, had there been much of a wind, the cons`e-U1nces of carring too much sail would have been unpleasantly- demcnstrated in very many cas2s.- In spite of thaee drawbacks, however, there was no lack of enjoyment. Everybody seemed to have come out with a determination to make the best of it; and from behind the sheltering ginghams -there came Occasionally loud bursts of- laughter, - which intimated pretty clearly that the merry hearts vwthin wero but- littire borce down by- -what halosophera call "the eDternal 'indluences." It -would far cifhicult, perhaps, to say what share- ceran capacious, round-bellied bottles, which told their ovin tale, an:d v,hich appeared to circ4ulate pretty freely, had in this hxilarity; but, as there were no capsizes, and as there were no encounters more serious than the usual and allowable contests of river wit, it is only fair to supposesaore particularly as the ladies appeiad to drink fair with ine rest-that these only conltained judicious repellants of wet and cold. OL thoe Middlesex side, off the Bichop of Tiondon's grounds, was moored a steamer for the reception of the subscriers and visitors invited by the committee of management, and a German band stationed on board did its best to enliven the day. Here, too, were displayed in sight of all, on a raised st=ad, the various prizes which were to he contended for. tt -was, indeed, unfortunate that the weather should have Lean Eo miserable, for the committee, by dint of untiring asertions, have succeeded in producing a programme fully equalto that of any former year, and w-hich gave promise of excellent sport Yesterday's list contained no le.s than 16 races, including g1ntlemen's sculls, watermen's apprentices' sl, watermnen's pairs, gentlemen's four oars, and gentlemen's pair oar UP,s. Up to 5 o'clock the course sm from Putney to Chiswick Eyot foifour oars, and from Putney to aammnersmith bridge for the pair oars and sculls, and after the turn of the tae which took place about that time, from Iammersmith to Putney. The rowing was excellent throughout, some of ae races, particularly in the final heats, being very closely contested. One of the best races of the day was the "tlemnen's pair oar, which was rowed down the river lromn lananersmith. A foul ensued soon after starting, but Messrs. Nottidge nnd Chapmar, in whose favour the umpire gave it, waived the advantage, and agreed to pull the race through, as though nothing had happened. This was off the Crab-tree, and both started well together thence, ss fine race foUowed, Messrs. .Nottidge and Chapman having, however; a fair lead until opposite the committee bage, 'when their opponents, apparently calculating on their beirn dead beat, put on a magnificent "spirt," and almost nucceeded in passing them. The event wazs some moments doubtful, but the victory rested with Messrs. N2ottidge znd Chapman, who may thus be said to have achieved a double triumph, first by their generosity, and next by their chill and prowess. The final heat of the Watermen's pair-oar race, in old fahioned boats, was finely rowed, terminating in favour of Cole and Driver. There was but one four-oar race in the day's programme, which was won by the London Clu-b, their Only antagonists being the Albion Club. It was a tight contest, however, and it was not until they reached 3Hnmmersmith-bridge that the London drew away from their rivals, and it seemed to be a general opinion that, had the Albion boat - been steered by a moro experienced .eoxain, the contest would have been even more severe. The rowing of the watermen's apprentices was hiihly applanded, the final heat being decided in favourof G =Ummerton, who rowed with grtat pluck and nigour. The course was well kept throughout by the river police, who seemed to be ubiquitous, and who, by their excellent rArrangements, no doubt prevented many accidents. 'The folloving is a list of the races, with their results- First Heat. GE-TLE3IEY SCUI-S,M' (JTU-rOR) RACE. - Mr. 1' EnUite7 (white)- .. .. .. .. .. 1 Mr. E. Dobrc (ma ,adUblack) .. .. .. f. D Barrett(elcuow)-. It was a very galHat race up to the point, Rutleytalding -the Surrey shore, and Dobree the other. Dobree then beZanto til, and Rutley had it his own way pretty much. SecondHeat. Mf A. Thorne (blue and wite) - 2 M. W. DeTon (red) .. .. 0 Thorne a-head closely passed by Ireland, Devon bein' mxuch wsteru. Ireland then drew on Thorne, and passed .Im, winning by three lengths. Finl Heat. . A. Thorne (blue and white) - 1 MIr. F. Ruiley (white) .. .. .. .. . Thorne gradlla3y drew in front, and retained thatpostion. WATERxsts AFPFRElinomS, FOR COAT, BADGE, A)ND First Heat. 3. L Clasper (blue and blac.. . R. White (green) .. . ........ .. .. .. T. White(redandreeu) -o S Rectke (red) . F. Robinson (white)-.. Won by three lengths after a very smart race. Second Heat. S.S.itar(redaudlellow) .. .. .. .. .. 2 W. J. Walliner (blue and white) 2 J. Consin (bIck) -0 G. Xely (red and white) o Another capital race oconed, the youngsters rowingextremely well. Won by four lengths. Third Heat. 3. Chitty (green and white) .. . 1. .. G. inamertn (biluo and yelow) 2 W. Style3 (black and wite) 0 B. P. Green (pink) .. .. .o A. B. Freeker (black and yellow) .0 T. B. Whitrtzsh (red anablue) 0 B Groves (pink dblue) .. be0 The winners took the lend shortly after the start and tkept it. G-sud Heat. C-. Hammerton (olue and yo'low) .. .. ..1 R. White (green)-0 J. M C'nper (olue and blac - ..e.. .. ..o Three others started. In this, as in the preceding heats, t-te young< men deserved infinite credit foi their st.le of pulling, while their game, under very trying circumstances, -was unexceptionable. They never fagged, andthe spirit of -the race was maintained throughout. After an even start and the men being scll and scull, in a complete line 3T mmerton broke out with the lead, and kept it, but was sorely pressed by White end Clasper, the latter m3aldng a fine race. GENsEs N'S FoF.-oasesD RACE. The London Bowinz Club (blue sad-white)... The Albion Club (white)-,. Won by the hondon. WATIBIMN'S PFAIeOAPsS, s- OLD FASMOrD BOATs. 1Fuit Heat. G Watbews rad B. Oiade (blck) . . . Kelly and 3. Irackenney (red) . 2 J. 2ai7 and LIaUlL (yellow) .. . o When off the high bridge, the winners took the lead, and iLept it casily towds the finish, when the third pair were shaken off. Second Heat. H Cbamersee, INewasle e . inne7,s (ch e)m. . . T. Cole. Cbeln Whte . G frnier, Wtnd&wozth (Whitel J: IVIIb ditto a(G ).0. . ' Iti was a etr ned ez extraordinary race, both in styie-and pace. White forged a magnificent lead, but, afte pulin vvery heavily h althe isitance, the pace of White told zpon them, and the winners went in front with a very trifling lead of n yard or two. T. ~~~~Final Heat. T.Co'e and G. d-er. P .banbev and 2 iLceney .. 2 G. 1%tZ e and s. Oxie0 .T. rekinney and IL Kel.. 0 This heat P10oducd an 1mex ectcl accident. The favom,itcs were Kelly and olMakny whose recent fine rowing at the nSaord rega*ta bronghb them mnchintorens and it is to be rpetted that any mishance sh hvpe' 'heir gog forthe race, which they most avrevedid note .or in the moment after the start Zellv bro7e his oar a tae other threedisappeaed ore lilnke - ton naring t'eCrab-treee ap heganto exhibialn th !io Cole gallantly leading the van, and with hif stro ining sltl to the end. WATIMM s-'S PA32-oABR.CE O:RM To aTH WOpLD, n- OUTRIGGEBS. J. Bruccdito *- .7. PoIok. labet.h From the moment of the start to the finish there was verv litle dount abont this matter. The winners took the lead and kept it, coming in first as they liked. CIZNTa- 's PAIR-OAsZD GIG RACE, WI-LK COXWAS, Mcans.a. X }LendX)wlaa) .. I lMr. 0. Knzdg, Mste Qe T.. .r ditto Corsweln} (Lh tHi ove It wan a very ca^iitnl oven rao e, bnt the pace was n10t oeye gr2At. It wa ltinaely won by some lengths - GSsTLYMN's PAIR ARED RAC. ? Mr.-,. Xdttlde,, LOflpon Rowing Cl,b; Mr. L. F. Cha;,=&oD.~cbo_d . biWel~e Mr.J. Icel&alu.d, xioiaB2gr db I - ML r.iLH. Th~fon1, dit (BIUe and White) C It was one bf-the greatest races of the day, and resultd in. 1Tottidge and parloner wining by three or four lengths. - . 'JTRAnfSM'si SCU8LE5u RACE... J. Chadler, I aanermnith (Ied).. - T.Rticahdxo. I.unbeth l(White) o-. * ' ° J. G. XeUyl lambeth (Blce) .. - . . 0 Thisracewas maintained eVenly for half the distunce, red IowiDg- in the centre and the other on either side over. lazpmg hn&, Richardson then drew aslight lead and maintamed it, clotely waited upon by Chsadler upito ihe Con-t mittee-barge, where Richardson thinldng nehad finished thel ccurse left offrovi cg, and ShAAndler going 60 yards further won the race. - - The racing will be resumued a6 2 o'clock this day, aond the prnzes vill,;be distributed in--ihe-evening at Oremorneeardens.- - .; ROYAL VTMORTA VAWFl-tOT.TrIZ 1R.rIA'PPa. RYDE, TuESDAY EVzs-NIG, AUG. 19: The sudden ternination of the- race yesterday, for the Club Prize of 501., occasioned by the caTying away of the Axiow's mainmast, has been a source of -great regzet, for there asevery probabilty that the prize would have fallen to the Arron, although the Mosquito was well sailed-on tbig occasion.. ;The Commodore, 'Mr. G. H.'Ackers,w is immediatel,y comwninicated with after the occurrrence as to. the arrangedlents thatwere to be made nnder the circumstances and to settle who was. to 'have the prize-whether the Mosquito was to go over the course. for, it, or whether the same should zemain in. abeyance until such time as the Arrow was able to refit with a new mast, and aga;ii contend for the nrize together.- This was a matter, we hear, which the Commodore dia not. feel satisfied to - take upon himself the responsibility' of: deterniining, and ' he declined to give any opinion upon it. The whole subject, therefore, will e - referred to the sailini cornmittee, consisting of the Commodore, the Vice-Oommodore, Mr. ThonassChamberlayne, Sir 3. East, M'i. Pichard Archer, and Captain Thellusson, Asstime will bo required to call the committee to>ether, the determination upon this subject cannot possily tako place beforeto-rnorrow, but it is. genera31y hoped that the prize wil be again con. tended for, and that tho old antagonists may once moro test their racing qualities. - - . * - This day two races were- on theacrd, and itwas:quite cheering to see the altered state of the-weather from yester. dsy Instead of a thick driving ain, boisterous wrind, and rolng sea, theday was beautifully fme; the -ind just suffi-- cient to'make 'asaing miatcE interesting, and-tho sea presenting that quiemint appearance Which almost invariably follows a stiff gale. Tne first race onthecardwas for the Commodore and Vice-Commodore's Cup, opento All cutters belonging t4 the Royal Victoria Yacht Club-n timLe xam. the lime to be calculated by length on the water line, four feet to allow 46 seconds.- The foowng were the entries:- ' Yachts. Tons. Owvnera - Fags. Shadow 49 Sir J. East Bart. . Blue, White Cress Thought .. 25 rx. G. Coupe.. -. ed 1axtravasanza 48 Sir P. Shelley Blue Burgge, 4 whita diamonds- HeIperus.. 34 Mr. X .MonteSore . Blot, Whito Sta- Haidee. . 38 Mr. R. W. Wheeler.. White, Red Yslte3e Srise .. .. 23 Mr.T. W. Tetley .. Bed The course thesameas yesterday-viz., from abreastByde Pier to the Brambles Buoy, at the entrance to Southampton Water; thence to -the Nab Light, at the east end of the island, and back toRlyde. Twsice roand the course. The Surprise and the Shadow did nob appear at the starting-st at the :Fecified tims for startng. At lI.SO precisely the startiag-gurn was fired, the signal having been previously made for the yachts to proceed to the eastward towards the Nab Light, with a nice breeze blowing from the northward, and it was truly surprising to see the- speed with which the Thought was underway. In an instmat she showed her bowsprit ahead, up went the mainsail, and after that her topsail, and in about two minutes after starting she had bhot considerably ahead of her rivals. The Extravaganza was well upto her work, but, although a vessel of vary superior tonnage, sho was by no means so quick in her movements as her leading competitor. The Hesperus and Haidee brought up the leeway; keeping at a very respoctful distance astern of the others. The Thought kept the lead well up to the xNo-man, where they were timed as under.- 'n'hOUg~~~~~~~~h'. . g.. h Though' 112so Extravaganza .11330 Hesperus.. 119-0 The Haidee was not timed, but she was a very short distance astern of the Hesperus. Nothing could overhaul the Thought, for the lead she had got at starting sbe-well maintained, and even kept increasing the distance between her ardthe Extravaganza, for we were informed they rounded tho Nab Light as follows:- Thought .h 30 a. Extravaganza. 11 33 30 T-he race up to Htyde was well contsted, 'but a dern chase s always a long one, and not often succesful. The Thought appeared to have it almost all her own way, for she now gaied rapidly onher rival, and on passing the startin vessel at Ry-de they were timed as under .-' h.nnM. S. Thought .. 12 29 30 Extravaganza 12 35 o Slaidee.. I 0 Hesperug.10 55 Between these two latter yachts the tril of their resec-' tive qualities was- mostinteresting,ior, oncoming up to the pier, so clese were they together that it was a rfatter of considerable doubt and conjecture as to which would be entitledtoth<eprize. The length of tho Haidee's bowspilf alone deternined the difference 'etween them. They thenproceeded to the western part of the course up to tho Brambles, and in the ran dovn andhackth8 Extvgn succed in slightly overhauling the hought, bu nevr to disturb the position she had at first assumed. After leaving Hyde the Hesperus and the Haidee had a nice pla between themselves for the third place, and the Heserdu sTcceeded in obtaining it. On tho return tope yde they passed the starting vessel asun der, having just completed one round of the course:- hteo a. The Yacht& Tons. Owne. Flas. - Thou ght ...........1 49 0 Extraveganzap.2 ...... 2 3y 3' ' iesperus.2 10 Beti e 2.01 8. J. .. .. .. 2 IS 30 The further particulars of this race must be deferred nstil to-morrow. The next race on the card was for a club pris, value 601., open to all schooners belonging to the Royal;ictoria Yacht e - he ictoriaecourss esame as in tho above race). The followong were the entries: Yachts Trons Owvners. Flags Gt na .. I 09 Captain hellusson butitw.. Blue , yellowr red, hers Mariquita .. 1g0 plr F. B.tCarew . -qSted, geld Miu centre Beatrice .... .. 50 lMr. 3. E. 1Y. Stls. Re4, wvhite, blue, ver zouave .... .. 64 Mr. B. Arabbi *. White, blackS Crest in Briliant ... .. 202 MIr. G.Achels-a Co*umodore's bread The8whole of the vessels appeared at the starting post which for thecoccasion ws sthe Coquette yacht, and at 51 o'clock precisely-the starting gun wvas fired, the vessels as before proceeding to the eastward. The lead w7as taken by thne Ge orgas butv plict wabt 3thenmpoirarya for she weas soon third, and the other two a good distance aste. Before, however, rounding the NAb Light the Beafrice had taken the third place; but in other respects their positions were unchanged. On passing Hyde Pier they wrere timed as follows h. M. a. Masraquits .1 . . m.s Zenave.1304 Brillant.1273 The yachts then proceeded towards the Brambles, but the Maraquita still kept the lead, and increased the distance between- her and the Georgianas, and on coming up to Hyde she had succeeded in gaining upwards of four minutes upon her. Considerable disa,ppointment was experienced at the performances of- the Zouave, for she had hitherto proved herself a very superior yacht in going to windward, although to-day sho bad a very good opportunity+ on coming up fromn the Brambles of showving what the could do. Prom the euaYoined statemnent it wrill be seen there were upwards of 20 zninutes- between her and the leadang vesseL. On coming up they were timed off the Hyde pier us under: - h. m 3lasaquita. 2 1 40 Beatrice. 2 27 30 Georgians .2 27 32 Zonave. 2 42 0 Brilant 2.. .. .2 52 14 Intelligence has just been received that the Thought is the winner of the prize for cutters, beating the lixtravaganza, which won P?rince Alberts cup at Cowes last week by 10 minuteg, but the details must, in consequence of the departure of the boat for Portnnouth, be deferred until tomorrow. Among the most recent arrivals at this place isgMade moiselle Piccolomini and the opera company of London, who intend giving a series of concerts-at the Town-hall during the enSuing week. HORSES ARRIVED AT Y011.3 LadyHawibome Oa.s~,;q'ot Gtendouaa Coupd Sdeain Sysutter Theodore Brte-rtoBiri.ou-tIs- Claria colt Annelaurie Wing. SchiedamManganoe -- Bone otlnd Victoria Alepo Capucine 1 Merin BlinkBonny Mlaid of Mashba=s colt Warhionees Fanag Xed,White, and Blue PeresaHens M.d. Paaur aneMatida - G2dyConfederate Spinster Viscount Vtoaiende cn ouaftheyEst Brompton South-Western fre lad taon Saunterer Morton Forbidden Fruit Lard of the Hills, The eatle First ly OItenitza Warlocl Saraband Glen Laseepstr Bubble AstP.%' ks-ahe Princess ofOrange ellow Jack Faisaletto PRajab Pibhenman goramus GeneralBe'qust Gortschakrofe eern Wardlet,sash Gilliver Variety Sprig of Shillelsh Deral-volta BinOakin Coroner ~~~~~NightEHawk - Augury Early Bairn 1~~.Loeerthorpe V aso'Shariter Ganiekeepee - ~~Sharpshoocer Vidette Saucebox ~~~~~Nougat zeta BrothrctoGrayyormmy8Sh ~ - 3Miae.
1?HRPRQP6??ED Y1?71YJ7BRSZO2? OPiPHE BIBLR?-? TO TEBB EDI)Tbll OP(FE I Sir,-You have published two lett froim-- Dri ean. ming,-. n which he states the objections he- enteains t a "new siraelatien oli the Bible^."- He . as iithe music and-rhythni of our puesent translation would b, destroyed by such a rec6nst ction as h4 contemplatei, it is evdert thorefore, that lie imears an- entire recasting of the whole work. It is to be hoped and presumed that no sincere member o'f the ,Church of England or lover of tho Mngish toue would desiro such a inew trnislation. .But the admitted and undeniable errors of our authorized version: may be. corrected without any unnecessary.and sacrilegious disturbance of the incomparable beauty. Of its general style and- language. And - such a re-, vision seems to he- demanded by weiglhty ad i un., amswerable reasons. Dr. Cumminig's first letter con?, sist of .a panegyrio on our present translation, and. on the divines wvho published it in 1611; and very fewpeople, I suppose, could object,to this panegyric. His second. letter contains-suecimens of false translation Jin the Donau, andcertain-Baptist and Unitarian-versions; and none but, al.oman,Catholic, or Baptist,. or Unitarian, wouldobject. to his, criticisum. Bat Dr. Cmnming draws the illogicalconclusion that, because other translatiions are certainly-in. correct-7nay, contain- the most scandalous and disgracefulerrors, inasmuch as G-od's inspired word has been falsified to serve party purposes, therefore the Church of Englandis not to give the world the -blessing of- as perfect atrandala; tion of -the Bibl! as she can. At- no time were the -clergy in general more remarkable ,for critical -ability and sound philological knowledge; and therefore there never was a, tihe when- a revision of the authorized translation of the Bible could hare beeuundertaken ithso much safety and advantage as the present, aind such a revision is undoubtedly demanded by the advanced intelligenra and learning of the laity. Iam awain of-the objection usualy taken:-"If yoihavea revision of the Bible, the Socinian, or'tho Baptist, ortlie Roman Catholic, will gain by it; better leave well. alone." - In answer I say if the Baptist or any one else will g.m an advantage by tbe publication of the truth, he is entitled to it, andought to have it. Promotion of thetruth can and must be tfie only object contemplated by a revision of the trans.' lation of the Bible. The Church of England is founded- on thetruth,--by the truth she must stand; and no admission coald be made more adverse to-lihr genuine spirit or more perilous to her existence than the admission that she was afraid of the truth. But to say that the Church of Eang land is unwiling to revise her version of th Bible becauso ' 'he fears the consequences is libellonsy to accuse her of fearing the truth. - * I the errors contained in our authorized version were much fewer and less important then they really are,- yet, surely, a proper reverence for God's revealed word ought imperatifely to require and enforcetheirremoval. Nothingless than an extreme case of dificulty or necessity can jus. tify a Protestant churcn in allowing a single avowed and. notorious error to be propagated in the name of divine truth. But the errors of our translation are numerous and important. I speak more'especi ally of the translation of the NewTestament. No one who has not'critica3ly and accurately compared thetranslation with the original-nay, who ha not takenthe troubleto mark down the cases oferroneoustranslation-canhave anyideaof their number. Theseerrors areoften of vital importance-e.g., several texts in the Epistles of St Paul speak of the divinity of our Saviour inthe mostpositive terms, yet the force and' meaning of them -is entirely lost in our mnis-translation. And when Dr. Cumming justly nrges - against Unitarians and others that their translations favour their respective tenets, is he not aware that they retaliate and charge our version, in several passages, with a leaning to Calvinism ? It is not at all surprising that there are errors in our translation of the New Testament.' It would be much more sorprising if there were none, for our version is mainly a translation of the Latin Vulgate, which is itself a very imperfect translation of the origial Greek. The want of a definite article in the - Latin language has of itself been. the cause of. a large and important cla3 of mis-translntions in the autho. rized version. And does'Dr. Cumming vish to see an instance of the mischief produced by the falso translation of a single word? Let me refer him to 1. Cor., xi. 29, where the word- plya is translated damnation." But the Greek word -could hardly have been so translated; our tianslators must have had the Latin word doamnia. tiovemn before them. The false translation of this single word has done more to hinder the laity from partalking of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper than all other causesput together. -: Two centuries and X half. a£o, when our translation was published, no collation 'of the manuscripts of the Neow Testament had taken place. The tftus re7eptus was not and could not be a sound and correct text. Tho materials had not been collected for making one. - Since that time the labours: of hEIU, Bentley, Wetstein, Griesbach, Lash main, Tischendorf> Tregelles, and others, in the examina.- tion and comparison of immense multitudesof manuscripts, have rectified the text to such a degree that upon this ground alone a revision of our present translation has be. come not only advisable but necessary. Iam aware of the objection :-Supposing a revision of the present translation .to be published by authority of the Church, what is to be. come of the immense number of copies of 'the present translation now extant? My answer is, if the. revised translation ihould be a manifest and undeniable improvement on the old, it wiUl naturallyandprogressively displace the old one now in use, just as the translation of 1611 displaced all that had preceded it; for there vwere of course translations in existence-a fact which should ba borne in mind by those who seem to think that the present translation ought never andaon no- account to be improved. I know- it is said the clergy are aware of the errors which exist in the present version, and they can' and do occasionally point them out in the pulpit. But-when an error is sopointed 'out, the one of two things occurs-every unlearned member -of the congregation, who thinks seriously, wil either CQntinue to believo his Bible right, and will therefore conceive some degree of dishonour for his ministers judgment; or he will believe his minister, and, as a natural- consequenee, will feel disposed to doubt the - accuracy of his Bible in general; and this is one of the worst evils produced by errors in our translation. A'general insecurity and suspicion, and in many cases an indifference, is begotten in the minds of those 'who ae intelligent, acute, and inquisitive, but who have not a knowvledge of the original Greek, by which thev might satisfy their own judgment. Meanwhile the gainsayer and infidel derive an immense advantage from the present state of things, for when a pas. sage is quoted by an unlearned but earnest opponent against' any one of their - tenets they may say, and do say, " the meaning of that passage is not what yousuppose, nor is it to be wondered at that you should have mistaken its purport. You are aware that many passages in your Bible are falsely rendered, and this is. one of them," though it may be the fact that the unlearned believer in reality understands the passage correctly. There is yet another reason for having the present trans lation of the Bible revised, which Dr. Cumming, of all men' ought to be willing to allow. TheRoman Catholica are now making unprecedented efforts to restore their church in England; and how great is their advantage in being able to say, "You-Protestants take the Bible for your rule of faith; but how can that be a correct rule, or how can you be guided by a rule which, according to your own admission, contains numeroas -and important errors?" And I don't think Dr. Cumming will find it very easy to answer this qaestion satisfactorily. If we authorize exclusively the use of a translation which we know contains errprs, what is this but keeping the key of knowvledge to orselves ? Is this not doing the very thing with which -we charge'the Papal3Church-keeping the laityin the dark? That-there are difficulties in'the way of a revision of the authorized version is undeniable; but they are not insurmountable-and none but such as are realy insurmountable ought to hinder the Church of England from giving to a7l men who speak the English tongue the very best tranlation of the Word of God which the learning and piety of her clergy could produace. There may be hazara in under. taidng the work of revision, but there is infinitely greaterhazard in refusng it. Let the work be done in a right spirit, out of the pure and simple love of the truth, and no ono need doubt the issue. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, W. G. COOMLESEY. I A ug. 19. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Your correspondent, Dr. Cumming, should confine his exibitions of himself in the chrater of a Biblical critic to Exeter-hall, or assuredly his name *ill not havebecome one of those "dear to every scholar" when the time amr ves for Mr., hiacaylaes New Zealander to take his stand on the, ruins of London-bridge. I have no desire to defend the Boman Cathouc versions of the Old and New Test ament, still less their notes; butt I should not havehbeieved the veriest tyro in theology ignorafit that they are professedly made, not from the original text) but- from. the Latin vulgate. Indeed, a jutification of this proceeding is attempted in the preface to the: Bleins Iversion. What.can the Doctor then mean by imputinga doctrinal bias to the omish translator because t'ho same Greek work is not renadred by the same phrase in theo2d and the 5th chapters of the Acts? I say notbing of ,ie Il~pk,,, ,oi traislMg- the a.. wecdAdfpisuly in O etr plw, exf pt tbat.. our :.o:ranato~ erwnly Isomer dreasnt:of .ay such nile. ForF ir.iaee,nthAey ender&ethf same,word' by_".rifind` bsd by._' spirit" t'bweviry anie verse.(Johii. inL 8),-althoigh it happs -tha tl; 'ar*6p, osed to the interprotation of t early fAtheriin so doizig.& : Buttlsto Doctor's eixulting coinparison of the RBmialhad Troteitant versions in anotheir pasage . (Hebiew3;,-si:.21) gives an. equally astonishing proof of .his indifferenoe et facts motorious t-mossehoLar xt. an'y hate since the7time of Walton. Theoali'nuion of the sacred:writer is, of .course, to Genesis,2 xlnvi 31, -where it is related !bat JAcob; on receiving his son's proiesoto -.u*ry his hones out of Egypi, 'bowed him'self upon the bed's.head.'?, The'aged:patrzar'h, like David ixnder sinilar circumstances (1 Kings, 1. 47) gave-God thianks in prayeifor-thb fiilnient' for so his faith m-de it seema to him -of-hl deepest dese. ITow, the same- Rebrew word, writheni without the vowel points, as w,s f.rsely ¢nstomnary, menan either "a& bea" or " s stick," according as, -by- supplying them, it becimes himmeUcor hammita.: Ths-,composers: of the e'arly; Greek translc tion caUed the: Septuigint errorieously' took it for the latter,- 'ndaaccordingly -render'ed the: Onginal by srpoc un vfs- iipOs' .n p3oV au75v. The Septuagint -vrsioni, :a js's well' known, aIiost entirely saperseded the Hebre,Wtekt of the O2ld T,. thment util nearly'the middle of etl- 4th century of the Clhristian era.. Aceordinigy, the ¢notation a in it, caryring the error'with it, was iutrdduced intb'the Epistle to the Hebrbws; and likewise-until Jerome's time-into the early Latin versions boh of the EgpistleandLthePentsteuch Jeromb corrected it, as Aquyla and Sysinasns had aone before hirm; but the same ,motives whicb operate upon Dr. Cnmming now bperated upon St. Augustine and others then; the-old blunder was handed'down;ershrined.irthe generally received text, aid a pretty good harvest of, controversy it hbs borne,-Romanist ingenuity ende3vouring to draw the ierse. $nto¼' defence' of imae worshMip; and' Protestait boldnesi averting the inference by daring translation. The Rheiuis' Testament- has i'adored the top of hbl rod,". the Bishops Bible (Cranmer's) "tsworshipped towards the top of his sceptre," and King Jameass tr3nslators'" w6zshipped, - Icanssng'upon the top of his staff." Such' persons as are curious.abont the polemical bearing of these versioDis may have their cureositygratified by turning to the quaint volume of Fulke, who was }raster of PembrokeCollege in the time of Queen Ehzabeth;and they wirll see how much trouble has been occasioned by a singlo error of a translator 2,000 yearus ago. 'When Dr. Cnamming steps forward so hardily to criticize the qualifications of English scaolars at the present time, is compared with those of three centuries ag6, -he oughtiot shoir that he has some pretension to juidge them. That he knows very little of past translations wiill appear even to the general reader whoo. ikes the trouble to,readthe above remarks. . I am, Sir, your obedient servant. . OAN INCUAMENT OF.THE PROVIMCE OF CANTERBuRY. August18. -
RIVER PLAT-P. - TO THE EDITOR OF THE TImES. ' Sir,-Iu the interest of British comamerce with the River Plate, allow me to corrct' the mis-statements contained in a' letter sigeed "K." which appeared -in Te. Tiimas of yesterday. ,The project of law wlhich engages the attention of the Argentine Congress,' and which has'-already passed the (hamber of Depatids, does not double the import d'ties on allgoods shipped' from Biaenoi Ayres ind Montevideo. It goes still further; it establishes a complete prohibition of thoseogoods in favour of the direct trade of Europe with the new riverain ports of the Argentine Republic. 'These ports are not situated, as is stated, on a "river of intricate navigation, which can only be reaced by sihall vesels of alEght draught of water." The very reverse is the case, asis amply'proved by the facility with which vessels of war of all nations and of heavy draught of water hate navigated the River Parana as far as Paraguay-a distance. of upwards of 800 miles-in whieh river, besides, two naval engagements have taken place between tnoe combined British and French fleets and the batteries on the banlks of the river. . - lfor is the port of Buenos Ayres a safe and easily accessible harbour, as vessels are obliged to lie at a distance of six to eight-mile.s in an open roadstead, while the same vessels, however great their tonnage, can, with ease, and without risk, reach the -port of Rosario, where proximity to the shore, facilities of dischxrgin- anEd loiding, and safety are insured. If theso advantages didnob exist, it is cvident that the provin,ces must be- made to adopt a -measure viich would drive from them that trade which they now posiess.- This is the first time that a Zorth.Americani State has es§Wblished prohibitions which iafourfbreigadirect'tade, and which wereformerly only resorted-to as the means iinterrupting aid checking,tho' commerce of Europe. It is trao that the effect of the present project will be to drive the greater part of the trade from Buenos Ayres -aod Montveideo to the flivial ports, but, whileit certainly wouled be injurious to the local interests of those cities, the primeial revenues of which are derived from this souree, it wonld not be dletrimental to any branch of our trade, -whichwilbe greatly favouredby the present measure, inasmuch asthe artieles of consumption introduced into the Argentine provinces, which are admitted to be three-forzths of ithe whole import trade, will be thus relieved from the payment of those additional daties and the expense now incurred at Montevideo and Baenos Ayres, which are not free ports. Whatever British diplomacy or its results may have becn as connected with the Rivar Plate, there can be no doubt that the policy now pursued bg er Majestys Government is enlightened, and 'the best adapted not only to promote the welfare of those countries, but the interests of British commerce. T The appointment of Mlr. Christie to the seat of the Central Government at Parana has followed the importanb measure adopted by General Urquiza, the President of the. Repmiblic, whereby the great river Parana was thrown open to the trade of the whole world, and although there may, at the present moment, be'few British residents, or little direet commerce to protect, there is little doubt that hisprincipal endeavonrs will be tarned to establsh that com merce on a firm basis; and his duties cannot be unimportant when it is recollected that the provinces which compose the Repablic presided over by General Urquiza consame threesfourths of the whole trade of the River Plate, the British share of which exceeds 1,00,00. sterling annually. It is perfectly trae that hitherto a complete monopoly has been maintained between Montevideo and BuenosAyres of the whole trade of the interior provinces of the Argentine Republic; but this is no reason why the monopoly should be allowed to continue to the prejudice of commeree, and it is not at Il improbable that those very mercantile establishments-which are now most clamorous against the projected measure,'and which have hitherto availed themselves of this mon^poly, vill be the first to tal-e advantage of the 4ew protecting regimen for Transatlantic commerce by sending their merchandise direct froni Europe to those iorts nearest to where they are required for provincial consumption. If it is true, as "X" declares, that three-fourths of the amierchanidise introduced into the River Plate are consumed in the interior provinces, it is evident -tat -any measure adopted for the protection;of that large proportion would be a general measure, and if thiisiipoition of the British exports to the River Plate is 'thus disposed of, and the free navigation of its tributarieswill give an impulse to the internal productions of the republic,- which- must consequently increase the impdr-sto double or treble their pre. sent amount, tha policy of the British Goveernment, as i displayed in the appointment of Mfr. Christie, naturallv represents the most general interest of British trade in the River Plate. X" asserts thatthis measurewill embarrass and damage foreign trade with `thelRivbr Plite republics, buit I caninot agree with him unless he can show that the traUsniission of goods direct and in one .bihp o-the port of consumption ; that the going to a safe, easily accessible, and convenient port, instead of a dangerous and inconvenient one, and that the savng of foreign duties and other serious charges. cAused by transshipment, are motives for producing such embarrassment or damage. - With reference to the Buenos Ayrean bondholders, they would err materially in judgment if they accepted the assertions of " X," or if they entertain the belief that their loan can be ever repaid to them unless by the assistance and cooperation of the wvhole united republic.. The time so long enjoyed byBuenos Ayres for mrintain. ing a monopoly injurious to the interests of the sister provinces has passed for ever; it cam never return unless produced by the results of civiI strife, whichsall are interetd in avoiding; and therefore eveiy exertion should be made to bring about a union founded upon free trade, thus giving one Government to theoStateinstead of two,. which can only be maintained for the benefit of a fewindividuals to the perjadice of the general commeree in thome corntries - In conclusion, it isneceasary to sUtt that this prohibition ill only lst so-long astheyrovinoe of Buenos. Ayres shall. maintain its present isolated porition sad that so soon as Buenos Ayres becomes reuniied to the remaining 13 'provinces from which it has separated itself, it will regain those advantages of which it is now deprived, and although it may never again becomr:e the set of the Cent Govern. meat, Bulenos Ares mu±st, ~for many obvious reasons, continae to be the centre of wealth: and the empcorium of t;rade, miore espmecially' if means are adopted for improving the;piort acnd for increasing the fac;lities of internal communicathon. - I have the honour to be, Sir, ns- nrr obedient vnt. , -: A RES&ENT OF MANY YEA.Ir IN THE I .- I'RnTVER PTATE. Al1gublE V.
. MThITIRYAN.0 A 1 =IKTXILIOfENCE .r Gus 403s,.-Ang i" Sir The eOtbhi%hrmeioeut r.* oegnnbnt nder ,ii commsnana 'ill probi ber s ot l SD 5sreed - 5 t7 ler 21 drumimers, and 1,V*yaink and fale. -the' i it slow consideraoly above tesabaih1deni , I cm dired by has Rtotyal Highn, ess the General C unhg-i-ueliceE to request that you will select from the.whole -preseut streirgth of tEe corps the specfiedl number of -men, being careful to zetaiii none biu asuqh>' arein every respect ablebedied and effective soldiers, -in net.anderfhie presinbedstzdMda of hfeet.6 iiichesi i so-miy-are Mvail>be .'.' 2. Shoul there b. any-yery ehiible young men, welllimbed and broadecbested, of i-Ifeet 5 'inches,yoimty nsa your discretion in retiniingthem. - " a. Iavring completed your battalion, you >will cauei a itrist medical is;pection to be mahe of: the remzaiider, said send to this depaxrtment the. usual diecharge documents of l icli as are deeme'd uiifit for the 'serice,- ccompanied by ;. nominal list, accoiding to' the- forn enclosod, and reort how many ire 1et.f ia order to their.being permitted to volunteer for' other regiments, which will be hereafter ntified to'yon. "4. If there are ny men of sneorrinibly bad character -whom it''niayi be 'desirable. to dishasrge, and -who, being *mar;ed will .no t he; able 'to re-enlist,- you wili mak~e a special report of tlie3e cases' for the decision of his Ralo i Th,,hhhe's, the General Commanding in Chlief , ! f - ' - "' ; ' 1 - O - . . Begiinent, *5. The -regimeits. namned in- the *5th 21'..-:2T niargm require,the. numberdoflzar- U1th 140 bmainsteach,to complete their-esta. 22d 1S7 blishint. -You kvill-be-pleised to 26th ... 125 report whether!my- of the descrip- 37h 723 tion mentioned in the latter part~-of 45th i9 the' ithirdI pag_griphi - GS this lettef -'0th . - are willingto volunteer-for them.. 62d . 43and, if so,.ito-forward nomnina andr 67th 146 descriptive returns 'of the. men'iho 69th 86 come forward for each - - 76th 107 . - . -. .: -- 85th- :- G2: 6 -' 99th 500 6. Every-man S -volunteering will Tecei e, on joinng his new co.psa, biunty of one gnea. - "'7. It is-desirable to reta- as mainy medalists as pos sible, and. hisRt6yal jlighn6ss :trats to your discretion in. thisregard. _ . : , : . _ . _ ! ' . ' : *, - " . --11' -FOSTE, Deputy Adjatnt GeneraL;" Yesterday morning the dep6trof tho 15th and 96th Regiments, consisting of 300 officers and men in charge of Major Armstrong; ,and-ISO-offlcers Dsndmen in charge-of Caplaisi *Whiteside, arrived at- Southamppton, embarked in the-Governament steamers 5cho. and Comet, and proceeded to Pafkhrrst Barraces, Isle of Wight; The detachments are romKilkenny and -theXildare caap, and. left iUverpool on Monday at 3 o'clock, having arrived by steamer from Irelandduring the early portion of that doy. A Tippea-ary paper states it is most pleasing to chronicle that 68 brave men, whio volunteeredl to fight under the banner of the gaRlant 16th Royal Irish previous to their depa*ture from Chatham for the- Crimea, rejoined the left wing of Her Majesty's 9th. Regiment on Tuesday at Butte. vant. Major Kirby opened the zanks, and as each deeorated file marched down they were enthusiastically cheered. by their old and young comrades. The men, although sunburnt and teatherbeaten, with-huge patriarchal beards and moustaches, were inuthe enjoyment of good. helth. On Monday eveuing Vice-Admniral Sir George Seymour 3LC.B., Coinmander-in.Chief at 1Portsmonth, entertained the Sardinian and Dutch captiin3 'whose frigates are at Spithead. About 4 o'clock on Saturday an addition was made to the number- of ships-of-war in Coikharboar by the arrival of the Algiers, 91, Captain Codrington, with troops from Balaldava. She had on board, the 50th and 56th lIegi. ments, to the number in all of 1,560 men, to accommodafe whom and afford stowage for baggage, stores, &c., her lower deck gunshad beenremoved. These- regiments wera the lastof the British troops that occupied the soel of the Crmea,- and it was from the possession of the 50th that the town-of Balakavawas rendered into the hands of the Russians. The men have all-a sunburntand veather. beaten appearance, and a largeproportion bear the Crimean decorations. On Sunday the troops were conveyed to Cork by the river steamers Axthur and. Alice. As soon as the disem barcation of the troops twas completed, about 5 o7lock, the Algiers got up steam again, and left the harbour. - The four despatch gunboats Mohaiwk, Lxpwing, Coquette, and Surprise, also took their departure. Their destination his not been made public. Lieutenant Boileau, B.N.,- bas arrived at his father's marine residence, BaUygihanj Kingstown. He was First Lieutenant of-Her -fajesty's ship Queen, 116 guns, Captain Stopford, which was paid off at Portsmouth on Friday. Lieutenant Beilean was the officer 'a3luded to by The Tivs'e corres pondent, -who, on the night of the terrible huricant in the Black Sex in l7ovember,- 1854, a.ded by his gallant boxt's crqw, made three auccissive trips to 'two diabled transports, and. saved - no fcwer thsn 47 lives, with those of their eommaiiders,- bringing all safe on beOrd ,thc Queen. - Captain Mitchell,- the then conimanding officer of that fne ship, immediately summoned.a2l hands-on the quarter-deck, and pubcdy thanlked -Lieutenant Boileau for his htumanity and -braveryand excellent management of the arduous duty intrasted to him. The. following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- - Lieutenant Henry Cardale to the SaunsRareil; Lieutenant William Dawson to the Cambridge; Lieutenant K. C. Symons to the Colossus; Lieutenant J. 0. Eidd to the Scourge; Lieutenant 0. De B. Brock to -the Waterloo; Lieutenant F. M. Pratteal to the -Excellent ; L. F. Jones, mate, ito the Boscawen; John B. Amies, clerk, to the Actison; Oughton Timperley, assistant-clerk to the Medusa; Richard F. Wily, assistant- aymaster in charge, to the Tine; A. T. Powlett, midshipian, to the Ariel; E. Seymour, midshipman, to the Ariel H. E. C. Robinson, midshipman, to the Highflyer; E. J. bellett, naval cadet, to theBrwrnswia. .
THE LAT& FATAL COLLIEBY EXPLOSION IN I c ~SOUTH VALES. -20ITY]MID, ;A1G. '9. The court was crowded to-day, and the evidence given *as of a aery important ann ineresting character, it having been, arranged :that three practical _colliers, 'wh-o haa been deputed by the coriers of the district to descend the mine with the Government inspectors, and rthe overman and -firemen,-should be examined and: that they should ho follo-ed by the Government ins ectors, 7 which, so far as the evidence-is concerned, -would close the mVe have been- informed that during this investigation, which is the most. important that has ever taken place in South Wales with reference to explosions in collieries, representatives from nimost every mine inthis extensive district have been present, both-on the part of the proprietors ; and the' mniners. It is generally expected that the inquiry ,will lead to a thorongh change in the syslern of pit ventila- itionin Sonth Weales. - - . - r Afterthe adj'ournment yesterdayafternoon the exensintion of Grifflth .WilliXsi was continued.- In answer to n.estions -putliy IMr.- Osenhe said,-I-found thle ventila. tion of the pit very bad, and have often been able to detect the presence of gas. - Itis the fireman's duty to inquire into the state of tisenir, hut I did- not complainmabout it, because thle masters -never-pay-any attention to the complaints of the colliers. I thoulght that. as Morgan :Richards had -been turned -aw;y ~for maldn'g' a complaint the -same thing mi,ght happen to -me. IJpon one ococasion Eowland lowvlands stopped my trains,- and I c omplained to 1iWr. T.homas, the manager. Tbere had been Fa fall in my stall, and I was lmable to procure trains to takze ith away. . The only- reanlt 'which attended my complaint ,was the loss of threo orfour days'iork, and I thonght that ~I had better not c:omplain agalin. - -EI it hadnotbee for the treatmen tivhich J I ecesved -upon that occasion I shorld h 'ave complained of the gas in the stalls twro months before RoSsinnl llowlands deposed.-I wa nomiy a dreinahl in tha Cynrier Old Pit. .Iwvasoversmanas wellas d freman, and went down the pit every morning with Morgan R iebaids and MIorganr Rowiands, the two other firemnen. In -the spring of 1855 Mr. Mackwortb, who was then the Go~vermnent inspector for- the district, visited the nnder'ground works of the Cysumer -Colliery, and complained .of the ventilation of the'. pit.: That gentleman drewr -pnaplan- the alterathons he wisshed- made. I bhelieved -e sungested that the air should be 'divided into severat splits. At the -bottom of the shaft I ~pointed out--to hrim- the msanner.in whEich the air pased. ,throhghtbe mine. - He ask;ed' how' msiy men and horses waere employed.l I--told -bim,-anld he then excamnmed the: greturn air from the -pit,~2andsaid that the qualitywass not ",ood. I then tOclc lnmn!to John C ema;*i?s heading, where, he, said, the air- was insuficient in anantity and the windwvays were. too~ imaiL- He objected to the fune, ?and said -that the. besst -way .to ventilte the mine' *would -be to sdr:ive the-'headinigs -to' the further end, |and wrork: the coal back. HEe also .suggested that the mine asbould be divided into branches, -and: each braneh.w xorked dseparatel. Mr. MWack 'orth,. when at the offlice, told me ~howe much a'ir wroild be required for each mant, and showed: iemchow to me'sureit. - e dre*rapiano£ a new line. and said that there ouaght to be a cosumunicationbetw een the old 'andnewpits. Iwasoneof theflremuenobectedto at the time of the strike. Before going .to:the .Cyner Colliery I was 'dreman at Dinss. I have been a collier ever since I was 8 g'ears of age. Several of the, alterations' suggested by lfr. :ckolerth werecaried into 'effect, but no all of themt.' By Br . Owen.-JMorga lowland as not so redily obedient to :me dulring the laUterpart of.anytime asoveran.u I do not, howleves, think that he refused .to do anything I ordlered him.- - Jobni}organ,- a collier, wrorking at Cynmer New -Pit,. said,-Ou- the morning 'of the explosion I saw- lorgan lowFlanlds, and - asked him - if he knew -ihere Wilia- n d ,lewrellyn Thomas wrere- working-in. tfie pit.: Hedidn~oti k;now, andl afterwardaietX wiandilowlands ofutsidae the mine, and aiiked him the -same question, when be renlied that he hadasked oneoef them to goand drive two hcrses, but he had refused. RowI a d then added, "' Isenit himr and his- brother to wtork in your father, Dvird's, stalL." Ivan. Thomas waispreent, and beArd -the7 conversation. David Morgan was at the seaside at the time. ' E3van Thomna corroborated the :evideno -of the- lat witness. - :- : - P A;odericl dorn, a oyaemploser at the old pite depxea thaon the mornn Wof tiheis plionthewentcto I Oaweirt the stte of 6eaikr but I did-o,a- told lsnto bo u to i ort" _CTsio m iDzand Rowl Davd S Orapnp s Smy ll nm tbe straigh.t heedn H asvsting t"th 4t~ of the- pit 'ehben thie explosion OceurreCd. _- ago in J.olutCo-rnawr'siseadmng; theajr-iaii vr Wt* y bi,AMAa le frequ,ntly saw a cap-iC Ijy_6*a2Jo 2j inhebs on. the' op VW1i.lliez oiCrgasl £ oolldlsr,! Who hal .beeni working in tIosV Vlapit J.,: 'twe ear. befor,the accident, aid.-I knew T'homiil Davis. On he Frcdaybefore he exi1son Dv caime t6 i'ie-et Ime at thnprtn ,lo gg *-o his Xaal? m ssl,d Ru ettp. it'isditsn Ab4eist-lZ o'ok, -and he:said "No fir,narit hal beein at y Atall-te-ay. --Mtc si sinme lke4I.-iiied, -called myi atcantioni to) tlig ft Mii.t theri ma,io ,nr &Ithe candle -nor moving in te~i-q toel- -tJe L,iidle in -pAy ls%nd aad exawined- the taill: T -ir was ery -bad `antherevx&& a~a .thj esnodle vif'rmi an insch to-aun-eh.ian6a half in isti This wae, n the same morning. 2the; famer of thie'candle did not i_ ,c -there not being the slightest air- t1here wfolt bac nt ui± _&ycul4itosd my _jackit ever 3&y hea to enclose a portion of, the aniT and put Ow~boy a-to wvoiktn u4XR211ne whether t.i?erc- was a, danger mnark there. iI reduced too flame, of my caudle'down to' omths tad off the~ wick, hutt thle cxp:did tot at all decrease; thke colcour -of the'capwas riH.flvn' eeaedto the faae, I helaw he, cnle is 'to tbeo,ttol o ac Th btter.W iT6jan tollsetThe Plac o fire? Wit i-to,tofriit ithmyCandle; an that-way' teewran dager;-in mny opinLion, It isfrequently dotne Mr. EaJe.-Yes~, and nianyA:xnan gets burnt by it, Coal I foli-ild"no ar1 of. the firemarn ha-sing been ther6e. l Lad no ticket. M1y :mrk-was is shovel or .-andrel, -there u'as nobihin:!there then. iidid not copanIbu &tegs his-. (iwr.a-Why,man, Icannotudrtn o h did yousiiot cormplain?') 'Witnyess--Well, Sir, one reason a. because I did not hike.to b& turnied off, as I believedd dIould.be if I daid' After the great strike the-n?er. did -not mnuch h.e- to -corn PlIWIn. - pit. On the imoxning -of the explosion the threes firemen. cam-e up, at ahout 24) minutes past 6 o'clock. Two weut; home, anid Morgan Itowlands remainedi till he'saw threc~ os four colliers coming towards the pit, Anid as Soon Lasther apprQaz.leti. -lie wen't to them, and beckoned to one who; camne nlj_?aild Ilowlands -told hint not to go dowir -for- k little bit, oBr else he-would be- Sure to be burnt. - I :an,contiiiii.-d thle witaeSs,lo the topi of the pit aSid told the. breake,nai, what Morgan II owlan&l hadl told to 'one of thei :colliers. "Now, William," said I, "you mind,_-iUany;' thing happens to-day," and the answer WN7. Powvell:re~:turned wva4, "Yes, and you mindtoo." I teLwn o worlk aMr Huddlese t-a o m hnwit By Mr. Hdaleton.IL ws no mybusiness to cautiont. the mailm going down the pit. AbDut 25 men went down' after I told the breaksmani about it. By Mr. Oa'~en.-I had no. authority whatever to Stop the; mien, acid I could not have done so if [wvished. William Powell,brealksmanat the Cy:mmer pit at thetimiof the explosion, depoDsed that the flremetn on thtmrning., gave-itini the usual signal that aUl LWas right, and Tao ino commenced desce-nding the pit as the firemen -were conmiengl up. After cor.fiziling the statement of the last witness, that Morgan told one of the men noct to go down for a littlebit, because he might be burnt, he said~ that he dlid n ot. think enythbing of it,-Wbeause.Morganllowlar?dsfrequently,'if there was anything -srong in a particular stall, used, to-tellhim to prevenst the collier who worked there frogoin g- down, and he thAought that on, tis occasion XMorganIhadcautioned the man himself, and therefore there was no need.. for him to say anything to him (witness) about it, ian he - vent on witl his work- of letting the Meni down. DyT Mr. Huddleston.-If ii tho6ught that there hadl &-en any danger I woutld not have allowed a single 'man zo~e down.. .My own son was below, and, Zas iled by t eo explosion. 'WhenMarshallcame tome aftelrtheexplosion, he ask-ed what the smok-e which was coming, up the shaft wa,and I eaid I was afraid.that the pit had Bired as ha had' gu esae. VD ThCu rt. rose at 7 o'clozlk and resumed this mnorning at; hialf-past 10. -John Edmunds deposedl- that he was one of the Aberdare colliers deputedl by the, men t-o eKamine -the maine. The inspection took plate on -the Friday after -the explosion. 'Re was accompanied - by two other mnen, an'd Also -by ,MT. Evans, the -Government inspector. Plroceeding firstto the furnace he examined] iti 'and thought itwa too, Ismall hut dlid not- mneasure it. In his op'inion the rtionbratticed off was uiiuch too small foranucstb He next went.to the South Wales heaaing weehfunthat it had.-been driven 36 yar-ds before t'he ai.Te return air course in- the South-.Wiles- heading vwa 2 feet 10inches. by 3 feet 3 inches,, which was too small-quit inufcent. -The airway heading to -John. Ccenlawas head-, inig was also too small, heing 4 feet 10 inchaes by, '2 -feet. 10 inches. At Arthures dlip a temporary door was puta.up Rowiand Rlowlands wAs with wit_ness inL John Ciemawi's heading. Rouwlamls told him that the original door was blown up the headin.e into the level1, but t'hey could find no trace of fire coming out of that dip. There was only one dcor at John Ciemawr's 1handing and. Arthur's dip Thr ought to have been two at each, becauseal the air that leaked throughL one door would, return to thlenp-ast withut ventilating th6 works. Rowland Row- lnssld hm that the second door bad been taken away' previous to the exposon,, wit th&neto fmkn.a bay"' instead, which was notdlone.- Thie'doors of Charles's and moeessheadaing wer -also blown up fr6m -thLe-level There~ - was a faultL etWeren KE hlis' edn u the windway heading, ande. ma eahmrnag -the nmai airway which was made t-hrough'theL faUlt he- found that it was 6ft. by 2ft. 4imu, Tha air beingthere split into two parts, enel Port-Ion -going -into t'he -stalls of the windway heading, and the other traVersingL -the -"goaf" an aonm -h intake a6t the further endI of the h-eading. - The maini a'ira-y- was too small, The door of Morgan Griffith's heading WASblown up~ towards the level. He proceededain company~ with Mr. I)aniel Thomas to-the level heading, and was-told bylim that there were 40 yards of gas in the faceof the level, the p-ersons -who hadl been -there that mhornin having put a chak maark- there. Griffith Williams's headt igwas the first cross-heading to, the rise,at the extremity of th mie the door was blown upwards InSalathkieTs -haeadfin" there were three doors ; the first was blown up ana' the other two downwards. 'There 'were marks of fire there, and there was firedamp there. Adjoining the flrst tall the coaIlwa-very much charred-uipont t-he pillar of the roadway. This was between the two doors. The reason he assitgned for the doors being blown int different directions was, that an' ox lsion below the lowerdooron the level too'k place firsk wXuch blew one door up,and was not sufficient toforce the other-two, but that it produieed suc'h a concussion of the air that t'he gas -which wan floating in, the 4als was 'forced down upon the- nakea' candles of the men, and a- second exolosmon took pla~oe. which blew the two upper doors downwards. Ue dlid not, go inthestraightheading-thatday. InuJacob'sheading hefound the wall across the parting o;f -the old stalls which hadbeen built up nearly to the top, blown down. In the firsr and second stzall the wall was blown inward-, and there were then 230yadof-athr. et day hegi wetdown an in ores hadin fond te frstand secondl doors blwnupads ad h third and.fourth down- wards ; the seod sal or was blown right'into the stall. All the rest of thedo-ors inthat hetdimng were uninjur,ed, Somecandles in-theheadingbelow-thefirst. stall had been melted into ashapelear-mass. "It is agreat have been blown ii contrary directions in that heading, andl I can form no positve oninioi -uponi it, but the same causec 'wouldlapply asin the other instancei." On-the Monday fol.- loving he again -visited Charleas's-eading; the first- and. second doors were blownup, and the thiradDoor on the heading was blown down 16 yards. In the third stall the door was ininjured, the fourthf wasluiow uip, and the fithk dlown.. There werem3arks of-~flrein one of the stalisnear the top.. whic'h had been idle some fime - an explosion occurring - -there miight account for some of the doors -being blown - down, but lhe could not tell how they came to he blow is. different directions. He was accompanied through the mine by the ovarmauj- Rowland Rowlands; the fireman,, Morga Dlwad;M.I. Thomas, the maae f DIU"a Colliery ; and - by AMr. )ackworth And MXr.ZEas Government Inspectors. OnL a j subsequent L ecasion.- hLe had applied tojo down -again, hut was refused b Mr Ihmas ea he went iiumpanied -by a.- SUrveor He toldi lr. Thomas he wis'hed to see every.- - atbfre it was repairedl, and he had been tol d that a portion of the vindway- between ChaLrlee's and John - Csmamwr's heading was being repaired, -whiich was-the riea, son-whyhoewas not allowedato godown. On the Saturzday-: afterwards he went down, accompamied by the three.inispectors andl a number of -other persons~, and' inspected Griffith W-illiam's, and found -Tery strong traces offire all along the level there on both sides, the coml being much charredl.- In the -Straight heading there: were also traces offire. He didmnotgo intoDavid.Morga' ,who told him that there had been fire there. -Re tcok-the- measurement of the rturn aiwa atithe bottom of the' heading, and found Mtobe 41ferewt 8 ntches by 3 feet ;7hto thoughti ogt to have. been larger, for he believed is was Iabut eight fDeetess in area than the south return AilZ coirS*' nea te lue. By the Jury.-I haLve worked in tlhe Rhondda dmngl, an&t now work at Aberdare,having beenaocollier 23 yeL.r- The Airways in- the Rhondda-valler, in the Nto. 3 -vin, are notr r-equired to be quite-'So Large as in the Aberdare collierier~,- because the coal iB maore fiery- in Aberdare There is not-near so much gas in thellhosadda dingle.- - - - lBy r. Owen.-The Qymmer pit, if roperly managed. is y easy one to wofr, I consider the ventilationied incomparson with omr pits. The inference I draw from the fact of the doors being blown some one way and some another is, that there have been four or five exp losionsC, or,at least, thbe same exposo infour or five different places. Ify, opinion is that i is ignition took Place in the -level between Griffith Williams' and Morgan Griffiths' heading, andl that being in the upper part of the mine, cumt ofCf, all communication with the other Part, and thxt- cuth oo - ussion of the a fCorce fthe -t multed in other place down upon themen's CiUd9es. I believe the explosion could not have taken lace if th fimemen had done thelier duty in tht paxt of the work that norai , bBy the fire mnenImean the two whoweneverthso em portion of' the mine, not the one who inspefted jhe South Walesi arting; the air was better there, in eonseqsane ovth&; Ieaages, than in any other part_ tha moring. : - By the Coroner.-Eher those two men dia not woak the Wo a they ought to have done, or they did not spek the truth after, because I believe it wa ipoible for that quantity Of gastoD hAve accumulated after thke firemenI left: aba before the time of the Acident. My ream for sayin thatas,hatlasithe inel2oyrdsbefere tbpairi and omel n ga thre, nd fo ndio gas in Griffith feet,yxtd the Jury.e thise oy l balf a yard of gMi Davd aus sal tat eeln. aadiW had hrwd B At the conclsion of thebits'evidencthe ProoeemLagsI weedjourned for an hoer.
-TOBXIZf 72(TELLIG&YB. FRINO. JA ortioG C} ZoMwlvc appe&md in c§z2 aW oa Qua a vDamhwU d:-I (=oM OtB OWN coRI?ONDENT.) -1K Urs oNAY, d r'.W. The accounts we raceive withf respect to the resul of Austrian remoustraucea at lNaples continue to be bontradictory.'* One day we are told that Kring Ferdnnd's concessions are ouch as will satisf tim demadsof Firance and EnglanJd, enld that te question maty be considered at en en; on the next we hear that these conlcessions wre purely ilusory, and will satisfy no one. Meanwhile it is eern that General Martini has left Naples on leave of absence, which leave, it was reported two or three weeks aeo at Vienna, might end an hi: being removed from his post if he had not act up to the instructions of his Government. It is reported that Baron Hibner has been ordered to Naple3 to take up MIartini's task, and try to make the stiff-necked Sovereign of the Two Siciies liEden to reon. Mlean. while, the steps taken by Austria, end her participation in or support of thie remontrances of the WesternPowers, are tated to have greatly irritated Ferdinand, to the extent, it is said, of driving him topenl and ink. Lettersfrom Vienna speakof asort of memnoir or memorandum addre3sed to the English Govern3ment end attributed to his pen, in which the King of Raples is spoken of as te most legitimate and capable of Sovereigns, and te most consisteat in hi3policy. His consistencyis certaiy un impeachable. At the same time this document by no means spares Austria, whom it threatens with an alliance with Piedmont, for the purpose of driving her out of Italy. Such a coalition as this would inly astonish the world, and no one could ever have anticipated that Ausrian power in Italy would be menaced from that quarter. The position of Austria is undoubtedly most equivocal and awkward, and -we daily behold her seeking on certain questionathe support of Governments which she vehemently opposes on others. Thus we find her linked winth ngiand on the anestions of the Bessarabian baoundary and the lsle of Serpents, concernig which latt4r Count iBuol is said to have been perfzctly tranquilized by the entrance of the British sqzuadron into the Black Sea. On the Neapolitan question there is a wide interval between what England demands and what Austria recommends to be done; and on the question of the organization of the Danubian Principalities it is probable that she willfind herself greatly at va-ric with the viewrs of England, as she assuredly willllwitha those of France. There cannotbe a doubt that shiewill do her very utmost to prevent the union of the two provinces, in which she discerns danger to those extensiveportions of her own temitory in whose popu3ation theRoumaIic elementpredomaes. YWe know that within the last fewmonths the Alutrian officer in Moldo-Wallachia, and the numerous body of engineers employed in the trigonometrical survey of that country, have busied themselves with a sort of propagandism which we cannot but supDose had been enjoined upon them by their Government. It has been proved, and it is notorious in the PrincipalEtcs, that they lost no opp*rtunity of exciting the pessantry against their superiors, expressing surprise at the Corves they had to perform and at the imposts to which they were subject, and assuring them their brethren in Transylvania and tShe Baat were exempt from such burdens,andcwere in all respects infinitely better off. The Emperor of Austria, they were assured, was their best friend, and desirous of improving their condition. It is doubtful whether their representations obtained much7credence among the peasantry,although one or two slight disturbances that occurred in Wallachia were attributed, and in one instance traced, to the incitement of these Austrian agents. But if, byI the labours of the Commsoners and the act of theI majority of the seven Powers which have under- taken the reorganization of the Principalities, the, condition of the worldku classes is imnproved and the grievances abolished of which they now with justice complain, their position and that of the Austrian Roumana will be reversed; it will be for the latter to look with envy upon the eufranchised and flourishing population of Moldo-Wallachia, and to yearn after inclusion in the consolidated Itoumanic nationality. That Austria greedily covet3 .he possesion of the Principalitie3is no secret to any one; their union and prosperity would be aI reh barrier to the reaization, of her desires, and!I a fresh peril, although perhaps a remote one, to a portion of her present dominions. In opposing that union, in placing every obstacle in the way of their promised tranquillity ana prosperity, she does but consult her own inte , but these areunfortunately opposed to those of the Principalities, and, Ithink it wil be found, tothoseof Europe in generaL The Journa7, Franfais of Bucharest gives a detailed account. of the installation of Prince Alex-der Ghika na Kaimakan or IieutenantGovernor of Wallachia, including the text of the firman, the speech of Miamil Bey, and the reply of the Prince. Certain passages of these appear to have excited, as indeed they were calculated to do, a strong sensation among the persons present at the ceremony. In the firman Wallachia is spoken of as an. integral part of the Su7an7s empire, and as " our Imperia province," and mention is made of the privileges granted by the Porte to the Wallachians-privileges which they will hardly admit, since they consider them as rights stipulated for wYhen first the province acknowledged the protectorate of Turkey. Another unsatisfactory passage is the following: - "Until the moment of the revision of the statutes actually existing, those statutes must necessarily be conformed to in principle. Every act concerning the administration and fidure sce of the country which shall not be conformable to the existing regulations must be considered in principle 2s ron arenu." Tn his speech Kimil Bey made use of words which were listened to, says a correspondence from Bucharest, in mournful and expressive silence. They are those in italics in the following passage - " allachia is to maintai a calm and dignifed attitude, and to have fall and eitire confidence in the sentiments of exalted benevolence of Elis Imperial Majesty the Sultan, to asEte the interal administrative ameliorations which wial be discussd, approved,X and pzt into xcecution by the Sulirnze 3?crte." Prince Ghika's reply, brief and becoming, included the following sentence:- "I beg your Exceliency to believe that I will do my utmoet in order that the inhabitants of Wallachia, happy in the consolildtion of their rights and of their welfare, may uaceaingly bless tlhe: august name of His Imperial fifjesty." The words in italics, upon which the Kaimakan aid particular emphasis, wYere received with enthusiastic applause. With reference to the fi-man and to the speech of Kiamil Pey, the correspondence already referred to has the follomng remarks :- "Arwein thesame situastion relatively to thePorte as the Bulgarians and its other subjects properly so called? Havo 'we, yes or no, our righte, and may we now reckon zerionsly on the position that- they create for us in our relatiozs with Taurkey? Then, why wish to encroach on what our treaties-. with her secure e" The corespondent adds that there is much talk of the approachina return of the Wallachian political emigrants to their country, and that Prince Ghika i3 said earnestly to desire - it. To the fulfilment of thia desire -I think there can now be scarcely an obstacle. The Wallachiau emigrants aro not numerous. I doubt if they amount to 40 persons, but among these are some of the most intelligent and able men of that Principality, whose presence there would certainly be desirable during the aproaching investigation;, and if among these exles there are a fe men (I believe very few) whom e-. aggerated doctrines and Socialist theories have nmisled,, it is to be hoped and expected that these will eacrce their opiions, at least temporarly, to those of the great majority, 'or at any rate not ijudiciously put them forward at a time when a calm andmoderate attitude is incumbentupon every Tvlodo-Wallachiau who sincerely desires the welfare of his countzy. This, they may be well assured, will not be attained by exorbitant demands, or by political dissensions a -ong them slves. " The idea of the union of the Principalities," says tie lettsr quoted, - Ls dominant in everr one's mind: it is the sole thought, it is tl?e generaDl Wish, of ths Mfoldo-Maiachians. Even the frisds of Er=a join the mass of tho nation in stivino for tho union, and, whatever the maotive that inspires Rus;i5 with'thess tasticn, it is cerEain that she sapport.s the union at,Bacharest. and at Jassy, aS she did tat the Congress of Paris. It was. rcmarked that the Consuls of Prwusia and Ansuia were not present at the reading of the firman." ' Count Walewki, Minister of Foreign Affaird, gave a-gran4 lmenron Fridjy in honour of the f6to of the Empero. -There were preaent the PapelNuncio, theo Englimh and Turidgh -i;nb&=&doj, -ad al1- the diplomatic body; Viseouht de -ruar, Envoy straordiuary efrom the 3mperor of the -}rails; Colonel Careniont, m ijtl commisier of- the British Government it - ri -the Miniters; Count Portalis Gn=eral C,ier, Baron de Butean: val; 3f. MaRhand, Councillor of -Stat; and the heads of- the officse of the MiniotryOf Foreign Afairs. Monsignor Sacconi, tie Papa4 Nuncis, inthe namne of the diplomatic body, proposedthe health of the Emperor, to which Count Waewaki repliedby a tat to the Sovereigns and Governments allies and friends of France.: On the occasion of the national f6te of the 15th the Minister of Statehas ordered-the distribution of 1,300,00Qf. from? the funds ppropriateeC for -the execution of the wil of the Emperor Napoleon 1. among the 26 departments designated by the august testator. The amount for each wilU be 50,OOOf. 'She Mnisterhas also laced at the disposal of the Grand Chanucelor of tlb Legion of Honour a part -of the funds of the will intendeifor old soldiers, and which. is to be distributed among four or five thousand of the oldest and most neceitoms. The Emperor, the Empress, and the Pxince Imperl are to leave to-Iorrow for Biarritz. A letter from Constatinople, in the Gazefte du Midi, after giving an account of a distribution of prizes made to the pupils of the Chrisan schools in that capital, says:- " T the capital of Ilamism, at 1,000 leagues from lar Eeliles, such a picture is mnoze striing tiha elsewhere, and we cnnot but thank Providence for the advntagespro. cured to civilization and to Christianity by the Society fori the Propagation of the Faith. It is this society which alone has supported Zor the lad 16 years the three schools at Constantinople, which now reckon 700 ptmpil>, and might be readily doubled it suitablo accommodation could bW procured. The bhols given in-prizes to the pupils were duo to the French Ambassador and MLonsignor Mussabini, Archbihop of Smyrna.- The distribution took place on the 22d in the garden of the Embasy; the cemmony was presided over by the Archbishop of Smyrna; Monsignors Hassoum. Amneno-Catiolc Bishop; Triocie, Archbishop of Babylon Salvya2n, Bishop of Erseroum; Hating; Bshop in pVamibw, and Ihe Armeno-Catholic Patriarch.; There were also present Count de Sdgur, first Sec rey-of, the French Embassy; General Parisset; and a niumber of priests of the parishes and Catholic chapoels of Constntinople. A French military band was in attendance. The different works of the pupils, copybooks, drawingn &e., were suspended to the trees, and somo of the children recited interesting dialogues vith much grace tad facility. The majestic appearance of thoepontiffi with their'loig white beard the variety of costumes, the delight expressedby the pupils, and the enlivening airs of the music, alto-' gether made theRte a most attractive one." Ns'o improvement has taken place in the commercial situation of Paris. The dearness of provisionsand lodgings and the increase in the price of goods generally have produced a diminution in the cousumption, and consequently in the activity of transactions. Manufacturers, however, suffer little from this state of stagnation. During the last two months they have sold largely for South Araerica, but particularly for Brazil. The trade of France 'With that country is daily extending. Jewelry has been in considerable demand. in Russia, on account of the coronation of the Emperor, and the quantity supplied by Paris amounts to between 2,000,000f. and 3,000,000. Most ofthe furniture, silks, bronze rdticles, and fancy goods required for the fetes of the coronation have- been likewise furnished by France to the amount of up, wards of 10,000,000f. The price of graincontinues to decline all over the country. On Saturday it was scarcely possible to sell old wheat, that of the new crop being found so superior in every respecT. M1any farmers, - who little - expected such a result, and believed that the harvest would benlate one, and had accordingly kept back their wheat of last year, are now obliged to submit to sacrifices and pat with their produce at a serious los3. The fall during the week has been between 38. and 4f. per hectolitre aud a half, or 7f. in the fortnight. Flour however maintained its price, because of thedrought, which pzevents many mills from working. The flour offered for sale stUll fetchea 94f. per sack of 157 kilogramimes, but for the four months from September the quotation is only 83f., and for the first four months of 1857 it is under Sf. The Echo Agricole thus describes the result of the harvest in the north :- - " In the departments north of the Loire a finer season for saving the harvest has not been known for years. Wheat was never drier. In aI the moEt productive departments of France the sheaves are extremely abundant, and, although the ears do nob yield so much as was expected, the quantity of sheaves insares a large produce per hectare. Thus, in all the region of France extending from the banks of the Loire to the Belgian frontier, itis calculated that the average number of sheaves per hectarn exceeds that of 1855 by 150 to 200. The yield of each sheaf being at least equal to that of last year, the quantity of wheat reaped in 156 wil consequently be superior by three or four hectolitres per hectare to that of 1855. In the north this augmentation in the produce may bo fairly calculated at from 8,000,Q00 to 10,000,000 of hectolitresY" The l-cho infers from thesE facts that the position is widely different from what it was at the same period last year, and anticipates shortly a considerable decline in Drices. The sale of cattle was difficult at the last markets of Sceaux,Poissy, and La Chapelle. The owners, however, preferred tlaing away their cattle to lowering their pretenons. The price of wine has somewhat declined in the south sinCe it has been ascertained that the injuy done by the oidiuma w .S exaggerated. It was not believed, however, that the fall woiud maake much progress, as the crop will searcely come up to one-fourth of an ordinary year in that part4 of t.he counr. Brandy ISstl risincowing to the scarcity of the article. It sells at Paclz for 2101., and for 200f. at Bordeaux. The price of snirits extracted from beet is 1 52f. at Paris;and 1601. at Bordeaux. Tne Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. - for the. end of the month, the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 95f. 10Q., and the New Loan at 71f.; Orleans, Railway Shares, 3,422M. 50c.; Great Northern, 1,070f. . Strasburg, 950f.; New Shares, 865f.; Paris and Iyons, 1,435f.; Lyons to the Mlediterranean, 1,835f.; Yestern of France, 975f.: Bordeaux and Cette,- 810f.; Great Central of France, 695f.; Lyons and Geneva, 815f.; Bank of Oredit Mobiher, 1,6201.; Austrian iRailfl ys S91f. 25c. was81. Courns A n e.-F.&mg, Augast 18.-Cas pAoe&Four-and-aHalf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 yeas), 951. 95f. 25c. 50c.; ditto Lan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 9of.; ditto Certificates (70 per cent. paid), 95f.; Three per Cents., 70f. 85c. 90c. 85c.; ditto Loan of i855 (70 per cent. paid), 71f.; ditto Certficates (70 per cent. paid), 71f.; Bank of France, 4,lo0f.; Credit Fonder; 670f.; ditto Obligations o 500£, Four per Cents, 4401.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 90.; Prom. ObEgations3of 1,000f., Three per Cents., -930f.-; Credit 1Iobilier, 1,6S351. 1,630f. 1,625f. 3620f.; Dis.- count Bank, 6901.; Piedmnontese Five per Cents., 91£. *Aiustan Five per Cents., 88 87g; Belgian Pour-and.a.Half per Cents., 99; Eomans, 88;.Spanilfh Three per cents.. 44; dfitto Interior Debt, 59!4 i. Excange onL;oudon, a sight, moneyt 251. 274eC.; three months money,2-S5f.- . RUSSITA. (omo Ou0 BFRLir CORRXsPoNDrzrr,) BERLIT. AhUG. 17. It is now settled that the Emperor will leave St. Petersburg for Moscor on the 25th inst. ; he will take up his, residence in the Palaeo Petrowki there,and on the 29th the solemn etry- into Moscow will take plawe. On the 11th of September the Emperor will return to St. Petersburg for the purpose ofbeing Rrisent at his own f6te, on St. Alexanders: day, afterwhich he willreturnagain to Moscow. Simultaneously with- the ceremony in Moccow somewhat similar observances willbe held .in St. Petersburg, a reflecdtion, as it were, of the solan- nity and the splendour -that areto be exhibitedc in the former. - On the eve of the ceremony there will be Divine service cel_brated, in the Kasan Cathedral and in all the churches of St. Petersburg, which will be kept up throaghout the whole night. On the 7th, the day of the solemnity, as soon as the Governor-General of. St. Petersburg receives telegraphic information that the Imperialprocession has set ofF for the iUspenSki Sobor, he nillprocaim it to the inhabitants by the firing of guns from the Peter and Paud Citadel, and white Igs wll be hoisted from- al the steeples, ic. The Divine -service that will be held in the Kasan zCathedral will begin at 11 o'clock n.m., and illi be attended by all the G:enerals leftmi St. Petersburg,, - the nobility, the GovernLent e HptOugisa aand the whole body of< merchants; on the. open.space in front of the-cathedral 'the troops -Will stand in what is called chulrch -pa;rade. The guilds wilassemble-at-the Hotel de Villeand-willmove in procession thence to the cathedrat Wfhen. the liturgy is at an end the congregation wll rermain together in the cathedral till the.arrivalof the telegraphic intelligence of the coronation havingbeen~ concluded. Thesnewiwill- b9 ma4e lcown by the firing of thsr:gunws - {ared gap wil be hoited evrywhere. A forn of _thk- ging wiUl-then beofferedup in the ca&tedr&aat-tlia enX~ of ich.tlo fNioVoIetie," or {he invocation ofIoong lif to the .Car, will bo aun,zgduin Which 101 gunswill be firedfrotmthePetr adPaulfortress. The guilds then, amch:b&cktotheHotel deville, ad the troops to tiheir quarters. TTh nobilitr have arrangd a banquetto be given in their saloos on that day, ad in t5e evening there will be entertainments for the people, consisting of music¢aul illuminations in ihe Jardin d'E and the amp-de Mars, where booths will'be rmitted to be erected for the sale of eatables and nkablee. On the day following the oeremony. (the 8th) ere willtbe Diviae serviceNpublily celebrated in all the market-place3,. and in th eafternoon there will be free admison to the Alexander and JMchailoff Theatres and the Cirecu. In the evening of that day there will. be p. public bal1 for the nobility and merchanti given in the Grand Theatre in the name of the Emperor.. The courts of lAw will suspend Eheir labours fcr three days, and onthe7th September and two following evenings the inhabitants wvll be permitted to illuinitettheirhouses. Theerectionsanddecorationsof the houses will be permitted to remain Etanding Until'the Eiperor and Empreas return from Moscowl, and have had anl opportunity of wseing thema. Oni the 1th of September, St. Alexander'.s day, the feto of the Emperor, there is to be a corso in the Alexandrowskl-park, and on tne Istand Jelagin, writh the addition of music, instuertal and vocal, Illuminations and fireworks. A documenthas been received here, purporting to be a7copy of a listmade out inuthe firs departmentof t;he P'ivy Chnancellerieof thle Emperor, appended to an i.ikaa that regulaesthe assinen:t of dw elling's and abodes to the various guests at the coronation, according Xo their respective ranks. In addition to the names of the rvarious members of th Emperor's own suite, which fill several pages, there are enumerated the following foreign Princes and Ambassadors.-PrincesFriedrich ilhelm of Prusia, Friedrich of. the Netherlands, N= cholaus August of Sweden, Christiani of Denmark, Carl of Bavaria, Friedrich of Wur. temberg, Alexanider and Ludwig of Reese, Wilhelm of Baden, Micholaus of Nassau, Paul Esterhazy (Austria) ; Count Momny (Eance) Lord Granyile (England), General Count lio (Sardinia),and Chevalier Galeota, -Dua di -Regma (Two Sicilles). Then follows an enumeration of vaius Ambassadors, who ae -mentioned only by th:a name of the country they are to represent, the Perdan, the Turkish, &c. Then come the names of the various magntes of Poland, of GreatandLesserRusda,, the Czartoryalds, Radzidwills, Lubomiirek, Sangusko, Sapieha, Poninski, Woromieki, Potocki, Alnszel, BRzewuski, who come to do hoimage for their estates. Then follows a horde of Prices of- KirghescS, Kalmucks, luszulmans, Armenians, Grues, Mingrelians, &c. From a private source I learn niso that, at the Emperor's express command, the newly-acquired territory of the Anoor is also to be represented at the coronanation; there are also to be a German colonist, a- Builgarian, and a Memnonite deputed to be present. In St. Petersburg there is a story in circulation' of a re_ly that Sir Charles Napier gave the Grand Duke Constantine. The latter, after letting Sir; Cbarles see all the arrangements and the entire strength of-Cronstadt, asked nim, in a chueckllng. sort of manner-" Well, Admiral and why didn't you come inY" o which Sir Charles replied by asking, "Pray, why didn't your Imperial Ighness come out I" Prices of provisions have rien already to suc. an unusual height in St. Petersburg that it has been foud nlecessary to open the reserve magazines, a measure which is only resorted to in very urgent case. The ordinlance for the sale of corn, oats, and pearl barley fixes the price at 10 per cent, l!ower than thevare tobe had intheordinnryeoe of trade. A considerable number of labourers in OstPreussen have been engaged bythe Russian Govern ment for the term of three years, who are to be employed in the rebuilding of the south side of SebastopoL The wages offered are a thaler or 3s. a day, to commence from the day of departure from home and to continue to the day of return thither: those who are marTied are to be permitte to visit their families once a-year. If more fugitive Poles have not yet returned to their native land than we hear of having done so, it has not been for want of numerous applications forl permission to return. A gentleman just returned from Warsaw. states that there are quantities of applications now lying unanswered in%the. Government offices in that town, that the indolence of the Russin empoies is something totaly above the imagination of those who have not ha amwpe personal experience: of it. The Russian Embasies in foreign cities are unremitting in their inquiries if there is no answer yet to the applications they have forwarded, and the upper authoritiesf in the 'Government are, as mnay be supposed, no.t baclkward in reproofs and threats;hut Russian indolence is rep?resentedasbeing proof against every spur to activity, except perhaps fair pay for their work. f SCANDINAVIA. A letter from Stockholm of t-he 7th inst., in the Debats, says "It has been already mentioned that a scientific expedi. tion, under Admiral Glasenap, of the Russian navy, accompanied by six engineers and officers, is at present exploring the northerr. coasts of Norway. I will now call your attention to the Gulf of Bothnia, which, from its situation, is the most favourable point for tbo landing of an enemy's army, should there be an idea at any future time of malcing the oonquest of our capitaL Tne Swedish Government has been informed that the Russian General of Engineers De. Berg, bwho was Governor-General of Finland during the late war, has several times this sammer visited the coast of the Gulf of Bothnia opposite the norhern coast of Finland. The attention of this officer was particularly directed to the smaU Island of Kasko, situated tX the north of the islands of and. This islana, which is composed of a single block of rock, has the finest possible port formed by the hand ofnature. It is so deep that ships of the line can approach close to the shore. There is a small town on the island, of about 1,000 to 1,200 inhabitants. The port of Easko also. presents this great advantage over all the others on the coast, that it is surrounded by small clusters of rocks, which break the sea, and thus render the port more secure for. merchant and other vessels. By means of a flying bridge 250 feet in length Kasko has a communication with the coast of Finland. Thisharbour remains open to navigation for ai-onth or sx weeks later in the season than any of the otherports, andsailing vesselscanleave it with the windfrom. any quarter so long as the sea remains open. It masy be readilyconceived what importancothe RUssian Government attaches to this port, and no doubt is felt hero of its intention to convert it into a second Sweaborg, and there form a third naval establishment for its Baltic Beet. This noew ,fortes woOuld be always dangerous for the capital. of Sweden, as nothing would be more eay than in a few hours to throw a larga body of troops from Hasko on the Swedish. coat of the Gulf of Finland, and march thaem on Stock., hoh,while a fleet fromthe Gulf might attack it at the sametime by se.M Takenthusbetween two fires, the city could nat-long resist the combined efforts of the Russians, should they think proper, undr.certain poEtical aventn alities, to declare war against Sweden." i SPA I. Our accounts from Madrid aiSe of the 14th inst. The Gaee publi3hes a coulr addressed by the jMinister of the Interior to the pro,incial govermors, Iii''whicit he gives thiim instructions relative to the reorganization of thle suppressed 'municipalities and 'provinial deputations. Re says:- a {'The. Government learnt with much displeasure that. the provisions of the Royal circular of the 26th July last, ,respecting the dissolution and reorganization of the m,nimcipalities 'and provincial deputations, had not been. uiiderstood nor faithfully interpreted, and that measures were adopted in eertain, provinces contrary to the0, #pirit of conciliation' and toleration recommended in that document. In somelocCalit!e? the popular corporaticns ,which had ceasied to emist ifter the events of july, 1854, have been re-established, as if the Goveriment intended to' eontiue the po,licy of that period, aid the recollection of pertain dates and deplorable occurrences of -which they are' the symbol were not in flagrant contradiction with the: object itis 'anxious to reali7e. In other places the alcaldes alone have been dismissed, thus imparting -a restricted and' even. odious clmarter of personality to a measure which, in the opinion of the. Government, should only have been inspired byf impartial' ensideratiohs of-. public order. Finally, there are towvns"'hereM. in open violation of. the letter and spirit of the ci,rular5 men professing eertain political opinions were hosen, in preference to replace the dissolved, corporation. ' C?nsidering these 'facts, and in order to correct the errors that -may have been committed, the Queen has directed, and the Governmnt ieecomr=ant W * VTe hare already published the reply of the King of Naples to the remonstrances of France and England. restabhsbment of h aed proincial dep atioa diuoived aftat theo evts of July, 185I, is and remains null SanIoid, whereverit hagtakef place. The civil Nimilihi- jUOIt;fi h ltotd;"cnetxa to ippwint in their pl persona bionedin' 3d pra *raph of the Royal ciroulazr of the 26ha Jul 2. I L the municVpitiu of wt.tL alcaldolone has been dismigsed he aid RclaIds sall. iumOdistaly remume the exercise of hi functiob4 ithout prejudi6e to the wers vested izi the *rvil 'and military authorities by the Ist and 2d clxussa of thfieRoyal circulr' -3 .he proinciat govenr ad the military authonitiw~ sh:ll Dproced toehr to reorans (conformbly to tie terms of tho cire"o of te 26th July) the municipalitles -aid deputaoions which *ere nsened by those Authorities to repIae tho diwolved t.emblies, but whiat do- not oositute a corporation. in harmony with hie 3d .claus of th.e i;oyl *iercur. Itis needles to add thbt the Government, beig determined to restore its energy to -the haken principle of authority, And not to permit tht principl to he injured with imputity, wrill attend to the 240rous exemion of 'all its MsaeUre' and. reeprm with a severe and inAdexible hand ivery attempt made to bring back the ooultry to the state of confusion and anarchy from. wich it s s forunatel 3emeged. ~Men professing opions compatible -with our' monarhical and constitutional -ytm Are alike aceept. able-,to the Government. If -it disclaims, on the one side, all connexionwith afitat of 0thig o fZall into disuse; on the other, i annot suffer iniSuences rwhich nave lately compromised tle cause of society and liberty to ialse thseir head'under the shdowr Wfits moderaion and toleration. men harbouring ides which have not the geneali welfare in view, and dreim :of restoring not principles but egotistical interests, as fatal as they are abeurd, must bZ: eoivinced that whatever barner they hloist the Government is,irevocably determined to- defeat every machination tending to make the direction of public fairs subservient to ptyinterests. -Immediatelyalterthe re-establiffiment of the normal conditions of the situation inaugurated on the :14th July lPA the 'Governmet rwll behold 'with plea., sure, nd even assist, thfree movement and development of partiesr provided theyremain within-the sphere reserved to' the legitimate exercise of theirfruitfulactivity. But, so longAs the-immense responsiblity imposed upon them by circumstances shall weigh on the members of the Government, so long as the preservaUion ad consolidation of the socialelements shall depend on the use thley may make of the extraordinxry' powers placed in their hands by recent event, so long -as they cannot deliver sWfe and entire the sicred deposit intru-ted to their keeping, they will com-2 mit anunpardonable error, and even a onme, if, confining; themselves to a disastrous immobility, they- abdicate to the. hands of factions the authority confided to them to keep-them in, check2 and if by so doing they permit the' substitution for the discretionary and salutary power'with which they are invested o£ the sinister and arbitrary energy' of the dissolving and anarchical elements wrhich soity r e.jects fromits bosom. - "{' ONIO DE LOS 1BIOS Y ROSAS. "Madrid, August 13S, 1856.", It was believed that the Duke of Baylen would be appointed Comn manaer of the Halberdiera,and-the Marquis del Duero first-Majordomo of the Palace. Some officers of tha King's household were to be changed, but His Majesty insited on retaining his aides-de-camp, including M Bariategnia forinmr aide-de-cainp of the Duke of Victory,. AM. Patrico Facosurad, who had not left madrid, applied the day'before to the Government for his passports, ' . Diego Coello y Querada had been appointed Envoy E:traordinnry and MIinister Plenipotentiary of Spainl to the Su,bhintie Porte..: . The govenmnent! of the P,hilippine Islands had. been offered to the Marquis de la Solona.
AUSTRALIA. [The foLowluag appea.ed i our seod edition of yester. (BY ELCTRIC TELEGRAra) - V PLYMOUH, Tu-DAY 3IonRnBG. The Walmer: Castle, Captain Daniell, from Port Philip, for London, arrived in the Channel yesterday, and lauded 62 passengers and a mail, consisting Of four bags andone bo2. She sailed IMhay 18, and having experienced stron~ contrary w9ind did me. round Oape Horn itil mt 6th of July. ShMe crossed the line on the 16th ult., and sighted the Island of Flores on the 8th inst. The Walmer Casde-brings I60 passengers, 61,000 ounces of gold, and a partial oargo of wooL. Spoke, south of the line, tho Costrello, bound to Cape Palmas for oil, and the bari Silistria, of Boston. Her news is anticipateaby the Royal Chater.
EGypT. (FROM 0 ow COWSN I A- EXANDRIA, AUG. D. Said Pasha, t-he Viceroy, -Ias just reIolved upon ranning steamersl ; varryig- the Fgyptia £iag, all rounid the Red Set, from Suez- tn Cosseir, Massawah, Aden, Mch;, Jedd Yambo, and to extenc occasionally to Basorai and.agd. The Paaba nsa reauested a number of Europeans to act as directorn of the steamers, for this wcheme purports to be a company formed by the Pasha, with a capital of 6O0001., of whicxh Mls gighness is to anhacribe one half at once. The PaTha has promised- to have docls made at Suez, which, if camed out,- wil prove of great use to our commiunication with India. Said Pasha is toprowed to Caro to spend the ieativities ,of the Courban Bairan, and to asist-at .:he&opening of the cainl which conveys waterinto, tlhoi towr. the. Nile hav,ing risen sufficiently for all gupsw: o£- xrra,atiqn.. : ghcneis _hasecently estalished a )iomeuedary. Cor3 of 4b6ut 800 men, on 400 dromedaries,. of. hTch.ie" ls miu enaMo1yed, and. takes them alobut:with-simi. w*heiever he goes. Last week, h'aving honoured a French: merchant of this Vlace by acceptingihis invitation - t o dine wvith him in a.- cbiintry-h6use onTheiia,his Rihnesatook with him -his 'whole: Dr'omedary Corps, 'who made no small ,havoc in- the,:renchmfan'a grounds in endcav6uming.to. appease, their appjetites.', . :
' T. -Z9 TE .BTDaGE. - TO THEl EDITOR' -THE TES. -Sir,-In your leadin garticle, of this day.you claini for the;. public thatWestinger-4ridgeymust -be rebuilt without7 delay-, aild without interruption to the traffic." About five years ago I pred to al C mis sion thexi debatifig~on- hiiiihrbidgb three designs for anew bridge, accompanied . by at,etder from X well-known firm -to carry out one of those designs; for z bridge 60 feet w*de; aridto complete-the Ih'etw yarsand a, half; for a smm less tan oneali t b tly con. tracted-to bep id otb~5~ wbig f10feet in, widthiwhi'cas dy nmoro than one year in haid, and thriatens -to beaotv,a~ still ready to d the~ same thing. underproper atreemeit with afirstorate± that'is to say, 'in w 'az n *afro hdt Lgriegement, firsd ae.o, big ih e ul rm6 one-half to one-f oh less than th sum commnly stated as contractedforin the abortive structure. aain esigne aiid- constructed some hundreds of bridgesi Afdfeethnds, andl having specially studied, P. T: *" ; e 'iiis p -ialar case, Ispam, c with some confidence on the s~~ibject.-a-i a, Sir, your obeieiiiet servanrt. . - I . I I ~ - W -SI 'ArAt>4:fA- 17 A, Great George-a t te G . . I Aug~1. 7 I
THA UHTED 8YA2TA3 IZ(D TBE COX- ;~ .. R ..: -XASS OFTPIs. f~~~~~~~- * - q - The. follown d cIa ben comnunited 'I~Y ?~fr. Macy lto th e Cont d , - "Departent o e aig , Jy28,1856 "The uedsgn, Sere f Sat f tbe United Stat%s ha laid bfore th Pedent 'The Dclation n- ~er2g maritime ,''*aoptedby tfipo t I of Great Britain, A , :Ea Prni, Rv, S dinia -ad Turkey, at Pae on the 16th of April, 1&66, whkich*e COoent:de':Sarti4sg, ETioy Extraordinary and Minister Plesiiposeiai of'Fnce, lis prted iDb 'of theEXmperor cfthe French to-.he Govamant of the lted Staes, for the purpose of obtaining its adhesion to thie principle therei contained.-~ yearx o-o sin the President submitted, not Vonly to th Powearepresentd inhelae Cogressot Pai, lbut to all othermaitime nations, the asond and third p2ropositions ecatined in tha^t iDcaati' gan ase their assent to than as permaaent prncipei of inar. national law. The propsitmsu thusubmittedbythe Pre. sident'were- -- "'1. TbL re DhipC iak feeg i t syo m. that the eStcts oods'elngn to subjects or iti,0s of * Power or Stae at 'Ware fe from aptre and cnfisca-'tion when fado boar of neuta 'wees, 'wt thecx cepthon of artcles eonitrahmnd of war. "'2. hf t the proetyof neutrals on oad nenemy's vetscIig not mhj.CtetO oeonrstion, ~euthe awe be von. abn of ar." ' "It will be perceived that these propoeitions ar mbstatialy the snme th econd an dthirditt e 'ar ,tion' of thscoCsss at Paris. "Four of the GovermuentBwith whic'h neotiations we opened on the subectby the United States have signified their accptance of the foregoing propositions. Others werm inclined to defer acting on them until the return of pAn. 8116ud funish a- more raupicious time for considering such international questions% Theproceedingof the Congre of the 'Plenipotentieriesat-Prwisll,asneessaconsequenoede-. featthe pendinnegotiations with the United State% if the ~I twoi following pi6poiit!ous,coita:ed. in l?rotocl No. 24 amr aeodedi to; rI, that the four principles shall be indivLsible; and,ise i,i hat the Powers which have igned or may acedeto th'e.'Declaration' ahalinot enter into any arrangement in regard to the application of the right of neutals in time of war, which does not at the same time jrest on the four principles which are the object oE said i'Declaration.' As the indivisibility of the four principles ,and the limitatioio pon the' sovereign attribute of negotiating with' otheiPoweris are not a part of the 'Declaration,' any nation is at liberty to reiect either or both, and to act upon the ' Declartioni' without restriction, acceding to it in whole orinpart In deliberating on this importantsubJect, it behoves all Powers to consider, and, if they thinLk tproper,tet uponthisd4tinction. AllthePowerswhichma.y accede to that 'Declaration' an4 the subsequent restric.tions contained in the 24th Protocol, will W asume an pbligation -which takes from them thfe liberty of siienting ,to the proposition submitted to them by the United States, nlews they at the: sam time surrender a principle of 3nii. ;thno la which has never been contested-the right to Iemploy privateers during time of war. "mhe second s;na t hird principl-s set forth in the 'I>eclaratio,' beingthese submitted to other maitime Powers for ta.doptionby this Goveernment, it is mos ani3ous to see incorporated by general consent, into the code of maritime lAw, and thus placed beyoind future controversy or question. ,uch a result, securing so may advantages to the co4mmerce ofnzeutral aions night have been reasonably expectea but for the proceeings of the Congress at Paris, which require 'them to be purchised by a too costly sacrifice-the surrender of a rig,ht which, may ell be considered as essential to -hb Ifreedom of the seas. "The fourth principle contained in the 'Declation,' amely-' BlockIdes; in order to be binding, must ba effetive; that is to say, agntained by a force suffident reali to prevent access to the coast of the enemy-eatn hardly be regarded as ohe falling withinthat cl asswith wshich 't was the object of the Congress-to interfere; for this rule 'has not, for a long time, been regarded as uncertain, or the caxuse o,f aiy'deplorable disputes.' 'If there have been anuy :disput in regard to.bwloclades, the uncertainty was about the facts6,but not thea. Those nations which have resorted 'to what are appropriately denominated 'paper hloike.des' haie 4 rarely, if ever, undertaken afterwards to ustify their .con t upon principle; but have generally admitted the illegality of the practice, and indem nifid the injuwre parties. "What is to be sdjudged ' a force sufficient really to prevent access to A' coast of 'the enemjy' has often o'ben a severelyTconteste' qustioni ar;d certainly 'the 'dvartion- which, merely reiterates a general undisputed 'maxim of mcratime law r does no'thing towards relieving thae subject of bloclade from that embarrassment. V'hat force is requisite to constitute an effective blocmade remains as unsettled and is 'questionable as it was before the Congress a's Paris adopted-the 'Declaration.' '"in reg-srdto theright to employ privsteers, which is d6clarea to be abolished by the firs, principle put forth in 'tho Declaration,' there was, if possible, less uncertainty. Therightto resorttoprivsteersis asdeslras the right to use public armed ships, and as incontestible as any other right appertaining to belligerents. The policy of that law his been occasionally questioued,, not, however, by the best Luthorities; but the Jaw itself has been universaRly admitted, and most nations have not hesitated to avail themselves of it; it is as well sustained by practice and public I olinion as anyother to be found in the maritime code. .There is scarcely: any.rule of international law which ipaticular nations in their treaties have not occasionaly suspended or modified in regard ,to its application to themselves. Two treaties only can be found in which the contracting parties have azreed to abstain frm. the employment of privateers in caso of war between them. The first was a tseaty between- 'the 'Ring of Sweden and the StatesGeneral of the United Provinces, in 1675. Shortly after it was eonclu4e. the pa,ried were involved in war, and the ,stipulation concerning privateers was entirely disregarded ' bybeoh. The second was the treamt of 1785, between the I United States and'the King of Prussia. When this treaty WIes renewed in 1799, the clause stiprulating not to resortto ;privateering, wasnitte,d; -Fo::the lst half-century there has been no arrangement, by treaty or otherwise, to abolish Ithe 'right,: unti th6-'recent proceedings' of the PlenipoItentisriesat Paiis'. . - -- "By taking the subiect of into consideratioTi that Congress has gone:beyond its professed object, _which was,4asit is declared, to remove the uncertiinty on pointa ,:of maritimelaw, and thereby prevent 'differences of opinion I between neutrrjs and belliggerents, and consequently serious Ifdifflculties and eien coiflicts.' $o faras the principle in regadto privateering is concerned, the proceedings of the Congress are in the mature, of an act of legisation, and seek Ito change a well-settled principle of itterfational.law.s ' The 'interest of commerce is deeply concered intbeh establishment oEthe twro principles which theUniteaStates had submittedto al mitime Powe-rs, and ifis much to be regretted that the Powers' represented in' the Congress at Parsis, fully approvingthem, should have endangerod theiradoption byuniting themto nother inadmissible principle, Nand maing the failure of allthe necesayconsequence of 1the rejection of any one. To three of the four principlesh |contained in the ' Declarationethere wouild not, probabl, boaserious objection from any 'quarter, but to the other vingorow resistance must have been anticipated. I "The poh:cyof'the law which allows aresoretoprivateers has been questioied fofresns *7hich 'do mitcomnuaid the assent ofthis 0oiernm'nt.. Wlfbounentesing inno a full fdiscussion on this point, the. undersigned ill w co ont the ordiniary and chi6f objoion tothat policy byan authority. vffich will beTirded with-profound respect, paticularly pw ii'ince. -,In.a'ocoinm.ntiron th French Qrdorn ce of . " ' Eowever lawful and time-honoured this mnode of wrarfarely bejait is,-everLhBless diacapprovedof by sonie preitraded philosopherss 'Aucording- to their notions, such i3 'nt the way in whicbt t;he Sate and the Sovereign are tohbe .1 - (Transation.) "A2.NX TO'Pr.oTOcoL Wo.2s.-DcXcLAmTIo_. m I (Extract.) "That the plenipotentiaries Ssem'bled in. Congrees at Paris cannot-betteriespond to the intentions by which their Governments are animated than, by seeking so introduce into internWtconAl relations fixed principles in this respect. : "The abovementioned plenipoteatiaries being duly authorized,resoledto concert among 4-hemselves as to the ineanB of attaining this object,and lhaving come to an agreement,zhave:adopted the folloing solemn declaration :- "1. Privateering ts, emains,abolished; "2. Thiieutral.ffag covers enemy's goods, with the exception of contraband of war - "3. Neutral giods with the- esception of.contrabandof' war, are not J.iabletocapture,under enemy's flag. "4. Bloc -ades, in'brder to be binidg; most eeffective, Tbhat is to say, snaintainedbya force, sulficient e,ally toprevent access toPth le0st of the egnem. i! nslatic. - " POtOCOL- NO. 24.- SITr=N OF APRIL 16, 185G. - (Extract.),::. "On the proposition of Count WalesKi andsecognizing that it is for the general interest-to maintain the inidivisibility of the four principles in the; declaration signed this day, the Plenipotentia4es .gee that -the -Powers which shall have required,- orfvach shall have aeceded to it, cannot-hereafter enter into- any arrangement iln 'e.ad to the applicationof the rit of neutrs in-time Of war which- does not at: the sase tinsellet on the !osfr princip les wvhish are the object of the. said Declaration. ~X "sU,pon asfbhservation made hy the 1'lenipotestiaries oil ThWssi the Coigies3 'admi's that asS the4tresent resolution cannotliave any retroactive olect, -it cannot invalidate antecedent conventions. -. saved; 4mih tbp * k1aeM ,Y. aydsiv frome X*rnilMd.era$_O ML Eut *k is' aiddyl .ko imoiie whih 10 Ive eueai and Avaa ofe b m. ' Bsh me - weh aJ 1 -4 ir he tuWed to ~ woImsul xs their iYpodi and their livs boozing.'~~ ~ ~ I. - ' ,,, - "I as work of nsol reae p~iiaed in Yane,,~ pTi, jfhzig silultags 01 2fls5~ tiAh"os%s aiCed stityutmr be-llbsrest flm, dM i te St- vt= voluntd eers, to -ren by¢.a of reward, ihe -Bovrg aish pS me as te b fii the same sk scne.u ampabe eladfet aportiorl c the wreoin t li a _ eneny."I-{PiW d r4, DcPryli.j - " It is not ddaed t an c to tral c e kzdevei abuss, have osi ly re ted tics Of pia risig; Wa th forrlynre tt i nreentt ina; but whe it isa quuotiof changii law, the eidentea evl areo tobe oeomidered in conueiion 'with its benefiit and advantages. If tihes benefiti anJ advantaget can be obWaied in aY .othzr way, vithog-, injury to other right iliomioa abwes may $Iled juaify the chane howeve andent or firly estabae may be thela. - w ."The rens-Whic ind ed the Co at Pasdecr pvteig aboledi.Me rot stated, but they!r, preumed ioL be only meh a; are usualy urged agabst t:e exertife of elnb gsat right. - "The prevaene at chrauinity and Uie progrs Wof ci'ilifttion haO geay miigatedihe. everity eof - ia antient MOde Of prccting htilit War is o0wriafairof Govrnments. '-It is the p aity hich makS and carries on war; individual 3 notpersiit to take part in it, unle authorized to dosob ytheirG ove6; mnent?' It is a generay received rule of. modern Waa so far at leata_ olperaionx upon laud are oonoerned, tia the personsandff-ectcof non-oomnhtsan to be re The wanton pilage or uncompensWd appropriation df i dinvidual property by an army, even in poesesdon of ,an eem's country, ix ainst the ueo modern t -ies Such amode of proWeeding at this day woul be oon&memn-d by the enlightened judguent of the world, unless warraun by splecr a coiutideatiori wlsc 'pholds this entIment in reprd to the oant oa r land fsvours he Applicationof the sami ba to the piin andproeX of citiienstof the b gerents found upon,the ocean.- "It is -fir to preme that the strong deFire to sme.ib.at the severe usages of war by exempting private propert 'upon the ocean fom hostile seizure, to the extent it is usually exempted on land, 'a the ichief inducement wich led to 'the declartion' by the Congress at Paris, thAi. .'privateering, andremsine, abolished.' "The nersigned is directed by the Pxesiaent'eoa`y that to this principle of exempting private propery uipon the ocean, as well aS upon the land, applied without reic-- -ion, he yields a most redy andilling assent. The under signed cannot bettr express the PresidenVs viens upon $ 3abiect than by quoting the language of his annual message: to Congress, of December 4, 155I:- "'The proposition to' enter into angagements to forego a resort to privateers, in case this zountry should be forbedinto a war -with a greet nlav Power is not entitled to more favourable consideration than woud be a propositio- to: agree not to accept the services of volunteers for opeatiots, on lnd. When the honour or nights of ourcopuntyrequiR4it to assume a hostile attitude, it confidently relies upon thei patriotism of its citizens, not ordinarily devoted to thes' military profession, to augment the amy and navy, sol* to male thema fully adequate to the emergency which calls: tbem into action. The proposl to surrender the right to enmploy volunteers is professidly founded upon th prii: ciple that private property of unoffending non-comnbatants. thounh enemes, shouldbe exempt from thezavages of-war;: b-t tte proposed surrender goes but Litle way in carmiyi -out that prnciple, which equally requires that such ptrirteproperty should not be seized or molested by national ships. of war. Should the leading Powers of Europe concur-rn proposing, asa rule of interational law, to exempt private property, upon the ocean, from seizure by public arod! cruisers as well as by privateer, the hinite4 States readily meet them npon that broad ground.' "The reasons in favour of the doctrino that private prO perty ahould be exempted from seizure in the operations of; war are-considere& in this enlightened age so controllingal; -to have secured its partial adoption by all civilzed nxtions-;, but it vouldbe, difficult to find any substantial -easons for the distinction nowrecognized in its application to such pro-~ peaty on land, ana not to that which is found upon the oceON. "If it be the object of the declaration adopted at Paris to' abolish this distinction, and to give the same security from the ravages of war to the property of belligerent subjects on tthe ocean as is now acoordea to such property upon the land, the Congress at-Paris hs Men short of the proposed result by not placing individual effects of belligerentsbeyond the reach of public. armea ships ssWe aas privateersX If such property is to remain exposed to seIzure by. ships, 'blonging to the navy of the adverse part, it is etrem6lj difficult to perceive why it ohould nt, in like mannier, be exposed to seizure -byprivateers, which are, in fact, but another bianch of the public force of the nation commisioningthem. - "If the principle of cpturing private property on-the' ocean, sad condemning it as prize of var, be given up, that property would, and. of right ought to be, as secure from molestation'Dy public ameda essels as by privateers; bit if that principle be adhered to, it would be worse than uselessto attempt to confine the exercise of the right of cap. ture to any particular description of the public force of the belligerents. Thereis no sound principle by which such a distinction oan be sutained; no capacity which could trace ,a definite line 'of sepmation proposed to be made; and no - roper tribbinal to which a disputed question on that subject could be referred for adjustment. The pretenco that the distinction may be supported uponthe ground that ships not belonging permanently to aregular navy are more likely to disregard the rights of neutrals than those-which do belong to such a TuVy iS not well sustained by modem expest.. ence. If itbe urged that a participation inthe przes is cAlculated to stimulate cupidity, that, as a peculiar objection, is removed by the fact that the same passion is awlakened by the distribittios of prize-money among the officers and crews of ships of a regularnuavy. Every nation v'hich authorizes privateersis as responsible for their conduct as it is for that of its navy, anid ill, as a maxtter of prudence, take proper iprecaution anad curity aganst abuses. "But if such a distminon were to be attempted, it woulo1 bO 'very difficult, if not impracticable, to define the paticUlar class of theo publio maritime force which should ba -regarded is privateers. 'Deplorable disput,' more in inumber, and more difficult of adjustinent, would arise from tan attempt to discrimiaot between privateers and pvbiidi atmedshipms. - - - "If such a iscrismition were attempted, every nation, vwoui have an undoubted right to declare what se-, should cbnstitute its navy, and what should be requisite'to; 1give them the character of public armed ships. These ate. matters which could not be safely or prudently left to the detennination or supervision of any foreign Power,,yet the Idecision,o£ such controversies would naturally faMl into the hands of predomoinant naval Power, -which would have the Tability to tuforce their udgments. It cannot be offensive ,t° ulrge weaker Powers to avoid, as far as possible, such an arbitrament, and tio maintain with firmness every existing barrier against encroachments from such a quarter. "s Io nation swhich has a due sense of self-respect will allow any other, belligerent or neutal, to detemiine the chracter of the foroe wbich it may deem proper to use in proeting hotilities; nof will it act wisely if it vomuntarily. surendss fthe right to resort to any means snctioned by - internationa law, which, under any cir- cuinstances, -may- be advastagus!y used- for defence oragreson. e "The'united States considerpo0werful navies and- lar standing armies, as. Permanent eetebliamhents to be de. trimental to national prosperity and dangerous to eivil hibertY. TI, expense of keeping them up is burdensome to the people i thy are, in the opiniotof this Govirsi. meut, in 'eomne- .egree a mene to peace aong nations A lrge force ever -ready to be devoted to the purposi of war is a temptationL to rusI into it. The polire oE the United. States hs ever been, uad never mnore than now, adverse to such establshments; d they can never be brought to-acquiesce in .'any change i international law 'which may zender it neeossry for themKto maintain a powerful navy or large egulxr army in -time-Z of peace.- If forced to vindicate their sights by they - are contert, in the, prent aspect of international,,? relations, to rely in military operations on land nainlry- upcni volunteer trOps, - a2d for the protectionI tUf ir1 commerce in no inconsiderable degree ipon their mercantilet marine. If this counrty *reedeprived of the,eresouresoet'i 'would be obliged to change its policy and aume a milit-amy attitude' before the:-world. Iun xtdaing- an attempt bt, change the ezisting maritmelaw tha t rany produce such a result, itflooks beyond its own interest; and embraes in its view the interest of all such nations as are not likely-o be dominantnavaIL Powers. Their situation inthis resect is simDis to that of. *te-united State, a t them he pro2,r tection of commerce.and the maintenance of mternationial,._ rcl-tiona-opeARe - app-eaastrOy -5 to, thi cUnt)4) to withstand Wthe ropbewd change nizAe settled- natione. To such untous the surrender -of the-right to resort to privateeri wonld -be attieded .wih Tot quences nost-dver" to-their commercial p rrt - oufmit ebmpeniat indvas.ta5t. foest ontainakst ter reasons can-be giBnfor sah s urrernderifo fjr fweca gOing the right to receive the serices of volunteers; and the
j.NRaSS4ETaNzd iT7L rygav. '' " h~'TesdaEvn1g MMThe quoarion of (gold at:Parizs about 6 pel iaflle premium, a;nd tS short 'exeangeo Lon- I doniis 2527j per 1?. stelin. n omparing these rates with the X ' prieof 33 1f2 10d. per ounce for standard gold, it -appemrs that gol is nearly 2-lOths Der cent. dearer iniu Pais thaa Ain Iondon. By hdvice -fom H=nburg -the price of gold Is 425 per mark, an(d the short exchange on London is 134i per It. sterling. Standard gold, at the English Mintpi, is therefore about 4lOths per cent. dearer in burg th in London.. The cource of exchhnge at New York on London for bills 'at -60 - days'--iight- is, 119 per cent., which, as compared with the Mint par between the twvo countries, shows that the exchange is slightlyin favouir of England; andl, after making allowance for charges.o sport addiferencd of interest, the present rate leaves a smaT profit on the importation of gold from the United States. The English funds opened this morning. at the cdull prices of yesterday, and a subsequent tendeney to recovery was checked by the continuance of wet weather. ConEols oDened and closed at 05 to j for money, and 95j to i for the accountt; but the market shaowed a slight increase of flrmn6ss towards the close. The transactions generally axe on- an unimportant scale. Consol Scrip left off at 81 to 4 pm.; Bank Stock, 217X-to 218k_; Reduced, 95# to A; NewThreeperCents.,96; IndiaStock, 234 to 236; India Bond l1s to l4. premium; Exchequer-bonds, 100 to Tband chequer-bils 10. to ISs. premium. There was no -particularpressure for money in the Stock-Exchange to-day, but -a steady demand prevailed in thediscount-market, and the applications at the Bank were rather numerous. In foreign securities there has bern little alter.- tion, the trarisactions having been limited. Turkish Six per Cents. for the account -wre negotiated at. 103 and 1; the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 103S aai DanishThree per Cents., 86; Russian Fourand-a-llf peF Cents., 98i; Sardinian Five per Cents 921 and 92;- Spanish Three per Cents;, t; he 'ew Deferred, 24k; Dutch Two-and-af per Cents., 6% and J; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 9j andd 98. tere In the foreign exichanes this afternoon the rates upon Amnsterdm and Hamburg were a shade lower than last post. With regafd to othier places there was no material alteration. - The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris BLourse this evening were 70f. SOc. fxor money, and 71f. for the end of, the .month, showing continued heaviness, but without any further material variation. The Walmer Castle haa been telegr.uphe& from Port Phillip with 61,000 ounces of gold, valued at 244,0001. Another account represents the quantity as only 42,000 ounces. Some' portion of this will probably be taken to the Bank, but the demad for the continent is extremely active. The exact amnount of specie sipped by the Pera is 516,501., of which 499,0001. is salver for Aden, Bombay, Madras, and Calcatta, and 17,6201. gold for Alexandria, Ceylon, and M ras. By the West India steamer advices have been received from Sydney, viU Callao, to the 24th of May being three days later than those by the Roysi Charter. In the interval the great event had taken place of the opening of the COlonial Parliament under the new constitution, establishing the system of responsible government. The ceremony passed ofF favourably, and suitable replies to the address of the Governor-General were voted unanimously in the Legislative Council and the Legisative Assembly, the Ministerial programme being generally approved. In the Assembly Mr. Daniel Cooper had been chosen Speaker by a vote of 24 against 23 for his opponent, Mr. Parker. Mr. Cooper is awealthy native of the colony, and will be remembered as having headed the New South Wales subscription for the Patriotic Fud -with a donation of 1,000l. Some sensation had been created by an arrival from NSew York with the news of the intended dismissal of Mr. Crasupton. There wvas no alteration of importance in any of the market3, but the tendencywas still towards improvemint, uand there was also much firmness in the prices of olonial securities. The rate of exchange for Bank draughts was still 103. . The navigation -of the River Murray had been regularly organized, and a service of boats, called Cadell's steam. line,. was advertised to run monthly from Goolwe, near Adelaide, in South Austria, to Albury, in New South Wales; the charge for freight being 101. per ton,, and for Dassengers 151. 15s. anId 6Z. 6s. ea*h, according to class. The latest papers from Tasmania (Van Diemen's lan.d) contan revived accounta of the goldfields at Figal, a;nd state that numerous paries wfere floeking thither. Gold is elso again alleged to have been discovered inWestern Australia, about 15 miles from Freemantle, but apparently not in quantities to deserve much attention. The directors of the Riga Railway Company have notifiedthat, notwithstandingthe resolution of the Stock-Exchange Committee, they see no reason to abate the confidence they have expressed in the undertaling, and that the Btatutez, together with the -plans and estimatea,.will be laid before the Russian Government. Meanwhile the call announced 'for the 20th inst. will be postponed till further notice. at a meeting of .the Claredon (Jamaica) Miating Company held 'teday, Mr. Cater presiding, th report, an abstract of which has been given i Tse 2'imnes, was unanimnously adopted. The management, which is conducted with economy, appears to afford satisfaction, and the latest advices from fhe property indicate a steady improvement. Including a cash balance of 10,8531, the assets available are upwards of 11,0001. Arrngemenh will be made for bringing the company under the provisions of iimited liability. The following communication relates to the progress of the vine disease in Portugal3 and announces that the Alto-Douro district, which in 184S produced 111,000pipes of wine, will this year not produce 4,000. The distress of the population from this cause, together with an unfavourable harvest, is understood to-be excessive- "Sir,-The vinermalady, which undersucgro Aug. 9. various phases has for some years past caused so much destruction m'te vineyards of Europe, having again appeared in Portuga the subject caunot fail to he interesting to the readers of e imes, and therefoor I do not hesitate to submit toyeou a few practical o'oservations of my own, made during my' tour' last month in the portwrine districts of the Alto-Douro and iun'he country between those districts and the Spaluish frontier. "1L The o7diure appeared this year in the Alto-lDouse about the end of May, or early in June, and blighted the budding fzllit. "1 2. In the beginning of July the disease increased in intensity; the very limited quantity of fruit (formed and grown to the size of small shot) was suddenly covered with the fungus, and one-half of the grapes were converted, as it were, into stones, while the other half burst. " 3. For about four days the vines were paralyzed. The branches drooped, and fears were entertained for the future fite of the parent stem, when suddenly vegetation recommenced with fresh viour- the branches' increased in'size and ztrength, and the reaves were more verdant than ever, tho plant throwing out new and healthy rcots, an being apparently unaffected by the parasitic destruction of its rut. "4. By the end of July another visible change tooklace in the vines of tho Alto-Douro; thelewgrapes which lad - escaped, but which had become quite hard began to incremse in size, and to be Teas affected by t:he oYdium, then a, severe thunderstorm swept away at least two-thirds bf the remaining fruit, and the ligneous part of the branches, and even the tendrils, became stained with a variety of leopardlike spots of various hues, while the healthy colour of the leaves remained unchanged. - "' 5. Many proprietors of vineyards, finding that their crops of trapes are already destroyed, hawve determined no loner to cultivate their es4ttes. - "6. If the cultivation of a vineyard in Portugal be neglected for three successive yers -the vines will cease to produce, and a new plantation, or grafting of vines, be rendered absolutely necessary. 7,. The restrictions m tlie'*ine, districts of the AltoDouro stll cause the most prejudicial effects on the agricultura and cormercial interests of Portugal, 'as those restrictions indirectly prohibit every improvement not only ir. the cultivation of the vine, but likewise in the msste of malking tho wines intended for exportation. - 3 S. The existing stocks at Oporto of portwine really. adaptedifor. exortation from that port do notWnount to" ene-founth of the average annnal production of wife in the Alto-Douro "during the course of the last half-cintury aithough,nuine-icaily-the deposits arestated tobefourtimes that quantity. - - - : "09. The wines- sed for ordinarypurposes ;in Portugal are of the most wretched description ; and in spite of the Goveninaent restrictions contracts have .been, made with the K v.ilge growers of remote districts to supply so ne of thei whiie seOvWers of the airt is vih 'ine for'their-daflv - Me. 7- "10. This year I grafted on Portuguese vines (the. fit *f which had been:destroytd f6rtwosucessive years bythe o7diumi) about a thond cuttings from themostbeisti' and healthy vines in-Eghlish hoEhousee. I- 1Tine oit of'10,qf ihme grafts' struck and gave'iudicationc of 'fuit, a'ciicamnetance very nnaldunng,.e~ fi.rst. gear in the vine'vardsI o,f TPOrtual,whvere no artid:cial means are resorted to in the,I ,IcPltvat;on of the vine. On th}e Jirst Vof this month (Aamgust,) the ldMiunhad destroyedell the-youngn frait on-thesogrsfts, while the-vsrdroe andvigourof Bebranchesaredaily- "ii. years aeo- I submitted to -rofessor Inrdlei several sines from the .Alto-Douro, which, -when rooted nP, bore as may as treZe bunhes, of grapeilon each branc,4 "12.Sevral f tese vines awe now, in the norticnltoral Gardensand dr theRPiofemor cae hve beetn =rstored to erec helt; ndonemvnempain dlar, the 'Souzao which t vnll be reoolected produes the very worst of graes and hc is mnerely culItivatedl for its colouring qu,tiesj, is at the present momrent laden witlhfruit in the gardens at Chiswick; this frait being absolutely finer both r2n -form and flavour than anyofi the same quality of grape that I have ever see grwn in the-loDuo -"13. In the year I84 the p~ort -wine districts of the Alto-Douro produced 11,0 pips of wine; and this year, According to a most careful c9culation those districts Will not produce 4,000 pie ;'iath'ugh jam fully preTared for the publimteon of stSaistical regstratios of the Production of atlest t,enitimes that number of pipes. "1It .Amniogthe grapes which have maost suffered from the Oiciu ia Alt&Douro is the Mourisco, from which the old-fsshionea port usedl to be made. "15.. In conclusion, having stated 'the above facts as . prati cal neroer, I leaGve tiat teto scientific men to dec e the grade mlady is(as hs occurredwithite " Your obedient serEnaE " JOS1EP JAES PORtESTER."
1H-ECORZ TRADE. TXIT.RPnT.~ A-T 10 9 1 'X eWnTamrsom Irelnd AnaeeasWiedingthe at vwcek have beensmalL. Promforeign ports, however we baxe receved,40 712 quarterotwhet 290qartsofbarIey,3lb otbe,u quartes of ea, 5,15s 7uatersorEinsneors. 1,436 ackg and56,2 brrelsof flouvr besides from Canada 12Sk quartes of wheat, 50L. load of oatmeaL and S03 barrels o flour. The exports Ia the same time comprise ,819quarters ofwbeat,1.318 e&rtersof oats 4,153 cjuartemg of lhdiaa cor 2,670 FUcks and 3,149-b etch of lour. VWith inmsettled weather, and the proepect of en uneren smple of wheat from the new crop, the value of fne samoles of WheO and fder, whichare ver7 scarce, bare sensibly improve, Terorqu&litie& however, continue very un=leable, and, withL some reee to sml, ha-e undergone a fertherdedine. Indianoorn baa =e,. attract attentionoflate. and the supplies and quantityoffering being very Limited an advance of IL per haster oaa been generally established. At this 9ybs market there as a good attendance of the toen and countr,v trade end of buyers from the interior. reline wheat met with a brisk demand. and must be quoted fully 3d. per 701b. dearer thean on this day week, ordinary and inferior description owev-nust be noted 3d. per 701b. lower, but at the decline they attracted more adteat tiouthanoflate. Flourof rimeoqualitynetareadyrale atlto2s, per barrel more money, amd infenor was more saleable at fully late rates, Oats and oatmeal were in fir reques at the prlceof thiday week, Barley, beans, and peas were each te turm irl favour of the seler. Indian corn met with coniderable attention and, as there was little offerig buyers had to pay an advance of Yl 6d. to2s. per quarter on the prices of tbi daT week, l,rimeyellewand mixed being worth 13a. 6d. to 3'1., and wldte fromZ2a. to3s. per quarter. LrE S;, AuIJ. 19. Since our last we have had unsettled weather, with frequent heavv rain. Oldwheatfetthesl, tos perqusrteradvanee, Afeweamplea of new wheat are in the market, and realize 76 to s, per qurter (60lb. a-bushel), according to quality. BRISTOL, AuG. 19. There has been an active demandforEriglialf wheat at an advance of a. to 2& per quarter, owing totho mrfavourable weatherfor harvest sincethiedRy week. Foregn, a elowsale andno change in value. BaTley.-WebRvohad agewr samles O newx malting barley in our maLrket, which are good in colour, and wreighed 551b. to -5lb.per bushel, and forwhSch 52s. to 51. Der quarter waasked. Grinding qualities are very scarca. sean6 and Feaja.-lotbing doing. Oata.-A little more inquiry bed we cannot quote an advance. Flouir, more lsidemsnd at In. per sack mere mooey. Butter, baeon, checese-aslow sale.
DovE sfz}m TrE WIZ=D HAR oSo ,-The astrologer and wizard Harrison has addresged a long letter to the editors of the Leeds Mecury in ndication ef his conduct with reference to Dove. Ie sys:-"A more scandalous, unsatisfactory, and ispudunt statement never appeared in print than that 'which came out in your Tuesday's impression. It appears to me, and to hundreds more in this town, that Dove's villanous habit of lyinz followed him even, to his prison, andto th scaffold. I tell you, gentlemen, and can give you ample ureef of the trth of my assertion, that not one-tenith p ar of Dove's statement in lns prison is true. I have uniform!, wished himz to behave well to his wife, and to go home and use kind, conciliating Languge to her, and 'she woud then meet him wvith a smile.' And he admits that. The statement made by Dove in June should have been in the hearing of Hardcastle, who declares that all he (Dove) says is a tissue of lies that can be very soon refuted." He then observes thpt he htas beem the eins of iltming many from a sick bed, and that if the conductors of newspapers knew balf as much about him as they ought to do, they would not have treated him in the manner they had done. Avter which he continues:-"I always tog Dove that he never would be happy with his' wifeuntil sheshould bring him some children,- and that it would be much botter that he should separate from her if he could not live, agreeable -with her; thAt it.was no credit to him to be continually tormenting I -woman who could not yield him thoee blessings which nature forbade her -to give, vi, - a half-2ozen children, which he ( aove) pretended to long for; Gentlemen, it will be of no use me attempting. to deny ang one paricular statement made by tlhat profllgate ana nfeelingcr¢nnunal, as Idelre to ou, -upon my honour, that there is scarcely a sentence of ittrue; and a'atis -true is told ix such a raving, incoherent manner, that the pubec-aye, the public-have -seen the folly of publishing at,. and that same discering apublic declre- 'that the document ought not to - have been. put into print."' He declares that 'the editors havo been'imposed upon, and adds--" Gentlemen, both land Hardeastle declare, upon our honour, that that tale ibout the I five coppers ' being thrown about the barn to put aI 'spell' upon King, and thereby cause him to re-let the farm to Dove, wzas a pure. burlesque upon the simpleton, mnade out by soniewag in the neighbourhood, who foiud Dove lut too credulous to-believe ansything or any'oody who-couldplay uonhisf mazs - nation anad 'selfish PrOpe'Sitie - prays'God help any man who might7havo dealings with such a profligate as Dove, and says, -in woarclusimn .-"Ia prearing for the p?ress a sometng which w alter 'your opion,, nd the opinion)s of those of the- london press ag well, I hope, and something which wsill prove to my countrymen that HIenry ~HrIs is,, ando will ccninue to e,3 not an imposor, but a' : *{,D1TGnr A3M.I.1CA,-A may write fron !gewport, an A *ianwvatering plao,-"' e havetso dress about instaintsa-day here. En,v u rmOt dresein~; *laenwvee ..ra for,w pu a-drertsston dress for thie beach, 'then f~rtho bth,.tlhes for dinnr,.then for the drive, then, forth.b ball, -^anthen .for thS bed. If that isn't beigmgpt throu« a sepia? eanre of dimity anda uu4d5 he s n o zgeof zwch i - iw
STATE -oF TpADE. _---- b XAXCEESTER,~ AveG. 19. The marke has undergone but, little.change sinoejlast week, but we have sligbtly more businees in some articles. There is a steady demancl for printing cl.oths, and,some descmiptions of long and, T 'cloths.go off well. Somne of the sLier o htigrprtarather better inq Ialso but ~enraly bthInda ad him.- 9Abring., =n Ada'o"- lcnt,have-been found to meet, with butTew1 buyrs atth raesof last week. -For yarns some houses haveexpeiencd abetter demand thAn others, but prices arefuly sstanedaccrdig t th-repreeetatious of. all For ermay antheXditersn Anh:ereImabeen atbettr denad,an 40' mednmio Germany have beim rathLer dearr. pinersareaskng rather niore for yarn suited -to the R Thinas,rket, for which there baa beeix a gooDc inquirrr. F yarns suited to the markets of' India but little has ,edone. Messs.Johni3la amd Co. report:--' "WVe continue to i=v a stead dei~nan for printing cloths of vArious qualIties, iandfor-some kinds of !T clothg, and the faul rate of last week are readiy 'obtained. For India arid China szhirtingsj -adalaxsns and jacnotI6 -the demand is very laguid ; and, =y,the prices'wkich iwerelustwoekdecliedwould,sninan I oanes, be accpted Mers GeogeT~ser,Son,and Co..,report* '7There is leis businee -doing- throughout 'cur market, but wthouteneay yuc bm~ n~rieet. -India shirt. ins ay howeve be bogh Ad per piece Cheaper In u n The atteamUn*oe wasery fais *Konethe hole,the,aon of business~ ftransacted y wisfotx. hrewa ls GEY8W~P.A1AC.-O~uSEVaaIG, _iYi TuesdaW, tickts,240 toal isiorsT,J7. 6,,947; dfob oo
P4zILzWA.r INrELLIGE5cL LODO-NDERRY -AND EXNISKILLX. comke.n heldyester. dsy * ie. eV*..C - uildiuge IIoora. Jir. . K. Arthur,themer-tay, reed the report, an abset of wich pea ii 2 of Saturday. The a iwin ving thedio of th' aditteu _a a td i prd -e tafic for-the pwAt hf-`.j Thee Wer rns why = .fio pe od.b d b of-# t ,r had riD toic in theTAndoni rthabat t conela1er breath of land had best 'with eate, which -woild probably impve their trBie in the: crrent- 'halear.- 'lhey had. bt a- smiall -rafic in potat6ee, in oaeSutme cf theil *udMAce.6laewhe.- During thearly put d 156 the.- esipetition of -the canl Wa oiepea for soe time, -t: during the piat hilf- rit w. beow in full opeftiesiL '!The wnertagty thst eit;ed in the warly prt ofe the yawr teobiether they ahould hew ar pe hd4dd to -plsehe narket, but in spiteoL el thee-'isadvintages the trfc 2ad nc1ed1.2-er t.* oner that-of tho eo ig peiod at 1855. CSI=U to vhiche d2fe c afffet eir-goods traefic, W" be knew-tat some of their shareholder, iad atttibuted the lihtnes of Lthe t StC to the smallness -of th e M i ner f trains p aasWahr ine.- At all mute, one-o teir o£-reholdees had done him the favourto go into themer- it great length in a,-wriWn commuuicaton. He (the- &airmsno) would not promise thatthe suggestions therein would be adopted, buthe could ssure him that they should. have every Attntion from the board, san they -would also send the commuicatin to heirmanager for consderation. TheyTwere recomrended to increase thfe nu3mber of their trains, While other companies were reducing themn as 'tnuch as posble. -AnincrM inithe number of trains would i- cree thieir expeg, a ifthey were rot met bhi a eorresponding-incraee in the trafc a ctin loss -woQl- 1 f the rzult. Theincr inthe expe ould be a'certainty, while the incea in the -tr ' would be -problematical. Theywouperceiveinthe eounts thatthere was areduction in evey item of erpee ezoept that for materials-and rear. 1 f they tooithe difference between the incraee inL th, receipta and the rduetion in the expeaditiIe they would fudanincreae in tbe net recepts -of 3,500W. for t.he haf-r, hich would be sufficiut to-pa' 3 r cent, on the whole of the :rference capital -They ada chargea everything they could to revenue. WithZ1 respect to the spretscf-the urrnt b1f-Var he tbought they might Ulycongratuletheeclnee The receipts of the con'spndn&gperiod averagd61perwee1 but for the six weeks of the present hf ar tey veged 745., or about Xr;L&-vnss econdctihe motion for the adoption of the -traffic, but!whenthey bad notttheneans of develop'n it hehad nefrained from troubliig them r}npectini e wotldnot hive alluded to the iater butfor whatte chair- anhiadsaid. He (Jfr. e-ming) knewthatsomemem. hers of thdnoard tooMkadiffertntview from him withregard .to-the developmeato the traffic. They gave from 40 to 5o pcet180 AeCOMMOaSionto thepaseenger trafficontheir line than othercom eeslin the north ofIreland. One of thes comp =eshatrefSc ofl 29L per milnperweelr,-while the other=had 40?.-per mile. per wveek. They received orn 12. er mile per week on .theirline, -which, -he contended Icould be augmented by increasing the number of their trainsy, EA 'from e tM t,fouror five dil to the number oA = n not lbe-mg sificient to' acconmicd t the traffic, a person oDuld_not go from, Strbabte to Derry-a distance of 15 miles-to -transact business without losing his day unles he could get through it in three quarters of an hour. The same inoonviene pplied to, other pe onthe line, and theooDequce was that persons travelled intheir own coveyac onghe roadto and from Dery instead of usingthe ailway. R did-not mention that-with a view to blame the directors,buttocailtheiratteutionto it He had become a large shreholder from the zonvittion that the traffic wa there, and the only diflclttyu to know how to develope it. In reply to Hr. Lever le ad,rited tbht for the number of tains ran on the line th could not be better arranged. r A SzmmoLDxR zemarked that the trafflc-wasinthe district, the number of e on the road had greatly incree, and new boats had boen lately put - ont the river to-compete' with the railway. Mr. BEnow, a diretor siu n reference tothe obeerva- tions of Mr. Hemmn - bat by putting on more trains they mght get more trafc, ulleis the increased traffic iWu more than sufficient to pay the inereaed expense they would lose bythe alteration. Rewould be glad to ee morm trins on the lineprovsiaed-they were remunerative. , The report was then adopted, 1&. J. Clay and r. J. Cross, the retzing direors, were reelected, as was also lMr. Fuller, the- retinng auditor. A dividend of 2.S Cd. share on the N. 1 preferene shar dea e at any time the directors may hereafter appoint. Inreply to a questionfrom3 Mr. }h-Gsno The Cssimirss stated that the arrears of diaidend or, the preference shar would be paid in the same proportion, 1 as debts due to other creditor The only question was whether shreholders pig up the cals in advance should b alIlowed the. interest udue o hem. Captain WsAIMc, a director, thought the best course would beto forego Tceiving any dividenauntil after the debtsof the eompenywerep;d The 5rst obhectlshould be to -establishh creditIof th ompany; they-could then purchase their stor chper, tbe could- borrow-moneyatsa lowerzate of interest, alndoLUt eirth.fMc.-wo be increaedL If they could olay gt -.their new sharetken up, borrowmn at a re lerate, and pay off their debts, they all1 benefittireatly by the result. The meeting ww then eae-speci, and :the directors were authoried to raise 2,0O0. on preferenoe ihres entitled to dividend iot exceeding 03 percent. per annum for 10 years, and 5 per oetL - afterwar4a6. It ws sbted bat the prcpOrtion of ]Mww -stock evoul er oneshare for cv 100. stocieheldby the prefernee saeholdear. -A vote of thankito the chairman and Airectors:conciuded the proceedings. 'hT-~- - E PB1;S-' - Some interestexperuisntg,ercmaonuonayonth premise of.the ermanent WApCompan, Great'Georgestret etmnstr,Owing th oertion of I`Dr. Eon-_ cheric's pteniprocees for-preerving-timbersl rom deeay. The objictt of Uie proce--i first to expelth sap, and then hll-ffhepores onf the timber; with a pe#servtive solufionl. The apparZtsis v airnlesandthecost -of the whole need not exc.ed-50f .I. conist of a elate .tnk containing a solution of sulplatof copper, placed-at ax elevation of about.32 feet om the ground Flexible tubes convey tre solution to the inbi intended tobe lpresirved. A.cap is-fitteo tone eend f-the piece ofthnber, and 'the- ilexible tube conveys the solution to it, The pressure froni abote formcs the sal gradally out- of the otherend of the 'dmber, and as^that is accomplisbedthe solution followsthe Bap,iakrs its-place, and the operation is ompleted. Tbeoneet o odeof application is to cross-cut a pieoe oftimber.ofseertsin length in the centre, Ato the extent of niie-tenths of its depth, then place a pIeee of thick sitng, round the saw- cut, near the outer circumferenoe, close -the cut by raising one end of the piece of timber, 'nda thus form- a water-tight Joint. Aholeeisethentbored obliqUely from the upper side of the timber into-the saw-cut, -the flexible tube is then appled, and the sap is forced out of each end of the pisce of timber, an(d the saolution takes its plae. The meot efficacious solutior is composed of by weight, of sulphate of copper to 100 of water. The test used o aezertin if the sap is expeead is the prussiste of potahl drawn across the end of the timihe, frourhichthesap-anisou tion escape ;-if it leave a deep red-brown mark-it shows that the- timber is sufficlentli impregnated with -the lcopper. The best timber for the process is the least co; lengths of about nine fe reauire about 2i hours to complete the process. It ppeezs fron :-oflcial statements thAt the roce. hs beau aplied-with grett-succs on the Xorthern of Fronoe Ralwa, where upwards of 80,000 beec and birch ileeperspr red -by that process, and laid in 1S46, were founid n 13, ana sbsequenty in nS56, to he as sound as when first laid -down. It also ppearts that about 230,000 telegraplic h3c-f EnhTrnce hare beensuccesfanl te) b- tAt proee -. - - Thegrat object' appeers o be to apply the pocs to cheap wood, sn eh s:fir, beech, elmn,?ndothertimber, immediatelyaft ferthetre hsbean cutdown, with -a view to make it available in gee of more eeive timber. Itis estmatd th't if the il i on all the lines were prepeared by this pros, an thatit hould have the effect of doubling the durtion of -the sleepers, it would Save the rlWAy compaies 3i- the aggregate abont 300,0001. a-year. LIVEIBOOL GAS COPAINTY. A dividend of 10 per cent. was declared at the annual meeting of this compan esterd. To -mke thre quisike amount. 1,30? ad -been taken fromntZie reserve fond. The report stated that a decrease had taken place in the receipts, inconsequence of the recnt redUCtion in the price of gas, and the exrie of reter economy by con-. sumers in using it. TRAIC RETUR. - amen Pe- Me. Toa tl e Wee ending z £uut £. £ D~~~~~~~~~e«conm by.. con- Totagiteni July 5 * * D:ek a .. .. - .. - .. - . . 218 -. 175 Week ading Augt 16. GbwE_aisJEothWessn - .. - .. -.. 7,G22.. 6,43 Week-15g Asuguft?. codthI-oudoen ,, .. - -.. -. Gretl .nbg .. 3X .. - .. - .. 7X .. - Keda and Windenne, - .. - .. - .. Zt7 .. The following thelht retus of the grss receipts of teG Principal Frech railwas from tike 29th of July to the 4th of August:- -,Adwrmmm-~ m - -' - 6Q rmoi4 W go cs M;i = -.= BP* V i - lag 10hdfle kMm =e0%Rim1 Izg b~
IELAND. CM= tOM oWN comwsONME) r ; ' DlUBLIN,. Tu3-- Y x 01un . @tn coxsmivAnvsf oprosmo..- -. The tinning M eil, the old organ of Iriak inde 'pendoit Conzervatism, alluding to the rumoiired retirement of 3r. Disraeli from the post of -Oppo- ition leader, plainly intimates that the step tlh'us ,aid to be taken would be received -with appro,bation at tiis side of the ehaneL- "To U.," says the Mail, "it is not more clear that Mr. xDimraeli is not dneverwasPitt, than that tU. points he und his cclleages contended for or against, dazing the last threeyears, never didend nevercouldbe-ganized into a * line of policy. Faltering with the war 9aestion, paltering * with the Irsh land quEestion, psitering .ath, the centraliza- tion o,ueation, paltering 'with tM Lorda'3utisdictlon, palter. ing 'with nationaleducation, paterillg with foreign policy- ni ina double sense-hes been rnafsly the idea upon wvhich the Derby-Disae}i Governnt end Opposition were formed. It is not wuonderfel tha§ neither one nor the other g!rw frcm suh a ccepton toe a fact. If hord Derby unit Mr. Disraci had 'eoldly declared. antagonism to the Aberdeen Mnistry, and accordance with the popular view.s pecting the vwr, tbey and 'not Lord Palmerston would hae commcnded the aituation." TaH FLODS Or THE AIflUITy. ThLe morning paper-give the following accounts of yesterda's proceedings in, Dublin and Kingstown :-. "Yesterday, at 12 clocek, Sir Charles Wood lnd Ad. miral Berkeley Lords of the Admiralty, visited the new xgraving-dock which is being constructed at the XToctls-walU. Ti'heir oord hips arcived in one of the Vieeregal carriages, and wrea accompanied by Colonel Larcom, Under-Secretary. Their Lordships mincutly examined the plens of the dock, which were explained to them by Mr. Hpin, chief engineer, and by lJr. Stoney, assistant engineer. They also nscected the works closely, and made vaeous inquiries on thi subject, and, after havng spent a considerable time in their examinations, expressed themselves highly pleased vith the admi-able manner in which those splendid works are being executed. " Shortly after 3 o'clock his Excellency the Lord-Lientenant quitted Westland-row terminus by special train for the purpose of going on board the Admiralty yacht Osborne, late the Victoria and Albert, and the mrortar frigate Forth, an present acting as tender to the yacht, for the Purpose of being presentt, should circumstances permit, at the grunboat shell practi-e, which was to have taken place outside the mouth of the harbour. It appeared, however, that, owing to a strong sea and a headwind, the gunboats had ;not secceded in making Kingstown, and the weather was also too rough for the Forth to display the capabilities of the celebrated 13-inch mortars, which could not be fired in haTbour without the risk of shattering every pane of glass inttthe town. The Viceregal visit, therefore, confaned itself to a mere round of inspection, with a short sail as faras theMu-glins, the probable objectof which was to look after the missing vessels. His ExceUency was accompanied by Lady Dover, Sir Charles Wood, Lady sry Wood and Miss wood, lord Cowper and the Hon. ir. Cowper, Mr. F. Howard, Hon. Colonel 1ensonby, Captain Evererd, Captain Willis, Captain'Williams, and Captair ]Butler, aide-de-camp, and the Viceregal party were con* veyed on board the yacht in two barges manned b3 artions of the crew of the Osborne; that in whici /s Excelency was conveyed being steered by Cap tain Bowers, Lieutenant-Commander, R.N. As hn Excellency mounted the side of the Osborne a salute of 21 guns was fired fiom some of the smaller guns of the attendant vessel with magnificent effect, and, having spent a considerable time in examiningthe internal arrangements of the noble yacht, his Excellencywasthenput onboard the Forth, mortar frigate, Lord John Ray commander, where he was reoeived with all formalities, the yards manned, -&c. The Forth was an old 44-gun frigate cut down and fitted up as a mortar-vessel with a very heavy armament, comprising, in addition to 10 or 12 ordinary guns, two68-pounders and two 13-inch mortars. Having been conducted over her decks, -&c., his Excellency next went on board the beautiful yacht, lint a few hours arrived, the property of Sir Alexander Bannerinan, on quitting which his Excelency than returned to the Osborne, 'which immediately slipped her anchor nnd stood out to sea, where she underwent rather a sevare tossing. The trip lasted about an hour and 10 miinutes, and on the return of the vessel his Excellency and suite entered the special train, which was in waitieg at the terminus, and -were conveyed to town in the marveDously short period of se-wn and a-half minutes. His Excellency was attended by Mr. WaDler, one of the directors, and Yr. Muggeridge, the secretary of the cornmany, and was received upon the jetty by Lieutenant -utrhi3on, .N., harbour-master." ,mNDIAs er-van asyviec. The laurels won by the Dublin IJniversity at the last competitive examination have been added to by the appointment of two more gentlemen, graduates of Trinity College, to lucrative appointments in the civil service of the East India Company. In the course of last week the Court of Directors selected for imnedate employment in the Educational Department in India, with eligibility to the important office of Principal when openings occur, Mr. R. L. Talartin, A.B., son of the Archdeacon of Ardagh, and Nr. H. Smith, A.B., son of a beneficed clergyman in the north of Ireland. The grounds of selection in both caseswere the numerousandhigh distinctions obtained by these young men during their undergraduate course and at their degree examination. rim WEATa:R. A marked and, even for this fickle climate, singular change in the weather has taken place since Saturday last. In the afternoon of that day the wind set in at north-east, and it suddenly became sharp and cold.' Sunday, though a fine and bright day, the temperature fell lower; and yesterday, in the absence of all sunshine, the glass sunk to 50, being nearly 30 deg,rees below what it stood at only eight or 10 days previously. In fact, during any part of the day no one would have been surprised at the apparition oi a snow shower in the middle of the month of August. The change from tropical heat to a intense cold has been general in Ireland-all the last weather reports announcing the veering of the windfoa north-easterly point,with n11 the symptoms 6f a premature winter. This morning opened dark and gloomy, but the cold has somewhat abated.
COUBT CIRCUId&R TheQuen ndPricewaled OSBORNE, Aur. 19. The Queen and Pxince walked in ^the grounds yesterday. 'Colonel thte Ron. C. B. and Mrs. Phipps had the honour Of dining with Her Majesty. Viscount and Viscountes~ PalmerIton left town yesterday for Osborne, on a vist tc the Queen. Despatcheswere sent yesterday fromn the Colonial-office o the Governors of Malta, Ceylon, and the Australian olnonies,and also to the lrd Hgh Commissioner of the
TanE WRECK OF TE JOSEPESIIE WILtLIS.-The divers firom Nhittable have since the fine weather set in, been most sccessful in their 'operations in rescuing salvage from the sunken -wreck of the Josepine f Wilis, off Dover. Very large quantities of h fm the hold are weekly broughet up,and sent on her disposed of er the benefit of all concemmed. The divers experience much difficulty in getting out some of the packages on account of their large dimensions ; yet they ave overcme al obstacles, and they are sanguine not only of saving the whole of the cargo, lrit eventually ofraisingthe ship. They bave surveyed her, and End nothing to prevent her from being lifted. Shehas not altered her position in the least, and is not so encumbered with mud and sand as miht Se expleted, the tides having doueh inefluence iuk-eeping ersfree er masts have been to tout of her.- a w-Eastern I aw te. WO-LEItA uw MADnuRA.-The foffowing is an embsact from a letter dated S9aturday, A-ug. 2, 1856 : "Tae choleraereails greatly, and seems likely to spreadl toaallparts. oehearofitatPuertado Pargo, anditb is very bad at Macbico. The Portuguese are reat alarmistsa and many of them, no douht, have frightened themselves dt dleath but, on the other hand, it makes them more ener- geti n a pt i th santary measur es. The Goverm or has. showa the greatest good sene in ever7thing he has done, and goes atr ni hours of the d-y and night * the hoital, and has increalsed the staff of nurses and thg the t hpilthing needful; hut he cannot, command a supply of drgs,. nd lam,sSorry to say these are beg t fa.l. One chyisthasshu upsho,? and the crowd is so great about hianricio's tha pepehaet wait froma three to five hours for their tun. pros of the villsin (country people), however, provited themsev es wt pngo (rops),ecn}y e t h e fi r s t al a r m , - so t h e y t b a r e a b l e t o t a k e o r g i v e a dose when, seined. The diusease hanot yet penetrted t on t h e o rra h el, a n d , w e n h sa wm V i t u r o , h e t o l d me : 1 that al, hisfamil smeltthe "pngos"every mnor-ning, and so ketac off the doen,s (disease). It is only str Camphoratedspirintthat vha been given by the 'Administrodbe rs dos C onselbos hu t d p r n c ip ally on th e (Plagow racice f ladanM,Es. pePPermint, and- brandy. Iamesorry toay, thoat 'when the attrck is subdued- the ner t not over, striany di inthe sta, ofsecondaryfever. h zer t no scarcity offood in the island, except meat, as the vilogs dorult lik-e to- bring their cattle, to town. Dut the supply has never faiele, only been less abundant, and the roeP-kitchens in Funchal (S. Francisco) and Camaacha r alasprovsded. 5 p.su.-Th, new cases are muche fewerne tc-dY, but the ideats are nany. st er to were 116 buried in Funchal Cemeteryesterdaynthere portion to the population than ,2 a-a-i onis whih ws tougt areamany. . . Sunday, Aug. 3.- Theivo',seens&st.- oanother-mnercy is that children seem much less Sble to it thssn grown persons,. .. lNo.English-PersonLhas been attacked by cholera. . . . It is curious thaI the trqops,who are aid tohave-brought the dis-. ease, are the only portion of the populltionwho are perfecl free froin it, - About seven eases occuri-cd within twoedays -of their-landing, and since that there have been none dy RAILWAY CO SOlN. Oxn Mlonday last anist3niest was held at Birminhamn to inquire into the circumstances of the deaffh 6f ifhom3as Wilam ef . nr-upon-T -,who died from injuries received at t,he collision1 of trains attfhe Aibioss Station on the Stuw V-~Iey line on the 8t1h of August. inst. After an investigataion of the 4-vidcnce the Cotoner sumimed up, anid the jury ba ing cons-qslte.d toggsther- for a short -time returned a-verdict of "131anslaughte?xagninst Thomas Banter, the engineerof the pisner train, who was forthwith 6rdered to be comn- - nte to take- his tria at the niext Stafford as-sizes.- Baxter a's the dcls of thha proceedings was, however, found to have departed, but there is no doubt he will surrnder to tizie his tnaL.
&TMMER AMI -.: -- WORTHERN. CtRCUIT. TlVERPOOL, Auq.19.- ? --' (4lV CdURT. -(Befo6n ,Ms. JTstice VjliEs.) 'Yesterday afteMroon James Bracken, i'nourer, aged 24, snd Andrew Bracken, labourer, aged Z., Mns brother, were indicted fortho wilful murder of hDE aUm Bates, at Manchester, on the -28th-of June .ast r. igain appeared for file prosecution, and AMr. T. Atkinson and Mx. M'DomuI1 severally defended the prisonerrs Itappeasedfiom t!e statement of the learned coumsel forl the prosecution, .ad-from the evidence ior the prosecution, that on the night of the 28th oh Jusne a person namedTayior and the deceased were coming down George-street, Hulme, aboat 9 o'clock in the evening, and, having spent the day together in publichouses, they were not quite sober. In George-street is a be-rhouse called the Brown Cow, and when they got to that place they saw the two. prisoners |fghting a man, whom they chased into a beerhouse. Immediately Taylor and-Bates got near to.where the fight Lad taken place one of the prisoners made. a blow at Taylor, who went away for a policeman, leaving the deceased there, and when he came back Bates had beenmxeoved. - Both the prisoners struck tho decessed, who was knocked down more than once, andwhile down theprim-ner Andrew came tip and Lickedhim onthe headsevera-alties. Hoewas fouldinthostreet in an insensible state and takeia to-the infirmary, where lo was attended by a surgeon, who found himbnrised in several places; there was avery extensive fracture of the skul, and the cause of Batess death was 'an etision, of blood - on the brain. Having had his wounds dressed he was reraoved to the police station next door, but he died during the course of that evening, and was insensible from the time of his receiving the kicks on the head until the time of his death. Both the prisoner3, it appeared, had been drinking from noon till 9 o'clock at night. As the deceased and Taylor approached the beerhouse, where the prisoners were fighting with a man, one of the prisoners was heard to cry out-" Here are two brothexs, who will face us m3en?'- After the deceased had been struck * and knocked down, the prisoner, -Andrew Bracken, knocked him down again on the flags, and Iicked bim on his heai more than once - witness, namdA Mrs. Ann Smith, who was pasing down the street, raised the deceased up, but he was knocked down again and kicked in the middle of his back and on the top of his head. Mrs. Smith ehonted " Murder !" and told the prisoner, Andrew Bracken, that he vould ill the man. Andrewv replied, ' We'll kill the - " and again kicked him. The afray lasted abont a quarter of an hour, and there had been a ring formed, in which the parties were fighting. Jamnes Bracken was seen to strike the deceased a heavy blow on the bridge of his nose, which knocked him down, and Andrew then said he would break his head and let his brains out, after saying which he ran up to Bates, who was lying on the flags, and kicked him several times on the head. The people round abontcalled out "Murder, murder ! The man is killed, the man is killed " The deceased was then taken insensible to the police station, where he died. Abouttwohours afterwards iMlr. Foster, house-surgeon to the Salford Dispensary, made apost msortent examination of the deceased, and foumd the skull fractured and a considerable effusioni of blood on the brain, which had caused death. For the defence of the prisoners their respective counsel coutended that the row was a drunken brawl and a fight, in the course of which the deceased had received the injuries and that at most the killing of tho deceased was not murder, but manslaughter. - His LORDsHIP then proceeded to sum up, observing that drunkenness was no excuse or palliation for crime. That which was done by a drunken man was as much murder as that act could be by a sober man. If any body intentionally did an act which he meant to cause death, and It dlid cause death, that was murder. Further, the law applicable to this case was, that if anybody did intentionally that, the probable and natural-result of which wvas to case death, he was guilty of murder. If a man were to call on the prisoner to prove the intention which existed in his mind, the answer would be that the act he had done, being one naturally tending to death, involved intention, and was murder. But the law, making allowances for the infirmities to which human nature was saubjected, provided for them by making a distinction, constituting one degree of crime murder, and another, witl extenuating circumstances, manslaughter_ Thus, if two men fought, while quarrelling, and one of them killed the other, it would be manslaughter;- but, if they fought with deadly weapons, it wrould be murder. There was, according to the evidence, a great difference between the cases of the two prisoners; and probably the jury might think that, while James was guilty of manslaughter, Andrew was guilty of the murder, if he knew when he was striking the man that the injuries he was inflicting were likely to cause death. His Lordship then proceeded to read over and comment upon the evidence. The jury retired to consider their verdict at 25 mninutes to .7, and at 25 minutes to 8 they returned into court, when a deathlike stillness prevailed. The Clerk of the Crown then asked the foreman if the iury had agreed upon their verdict ? The Foreman.-We have. We find James Bracken Guilty of manslaughter; and Andrew Bracken we find Guilty of wilful murder, but with a strong recommendafion to mercy. The scene that now ensued can scarcely be described. A kind of groan, as it were of pity, was raised in the densely crowded court, while three women in the gallery, at the back of the court, shrieked in a dreadful manner, and one of them was seized with a fainting fit. Th2ey were all taken outside the court, and it was slated that they were the aged mother of the prisOners and their two sisters. The prisoner Jam es fell back into the dock and fainted, but in two minutes again revived, when, kneeling at the bar, he raised his hands to heaven, and, with a piteous look at the judge, cried, "Oh, myBLord, have mercy on my brother." The prisoner Andrew literally tore his hair, and, rt kneeling and then standin, piteously cried, "Oh, Ily Lord, I beg mercy." lis Lordship sobbed audibly, and appeared to be quite overpowered by the scene. y ainng put on the black c.ap, His IoBDSf then proceeded to pass sentence on the apriSOners. He said,-Andrew Bracken, prisoner at the bar, you have been con icted of the crime of wilful murder, and you, JamkesBracken, of the crime of manslaughter. A peaceable subject of Her MEajesty, passing along the streets iof the city of MIanchester, is brutally attacked by you both. IYou were, no doubt, engaged in a common designu of attacking any person who came along that way, and of beating him in a cruel and violent manner. You, James Bracken, have been convicted of m.anslaughter, and you, too, were engaged in the unlawvful design which I have described, but you were no party to the last violent and cruel attack by which that unhappy man was sent to an untimely grave. You, Andrew Bracken, were guilty of that; you attacked him with your feet, armed, no doubt, with clogs; you kicked him about the head; you fractured his skull, and you sent him to a premature grave. You did an act, the natural and ordinary consequences Of which must have been to kill the man. It was a cruel and a brutal act, and you did it wholly reckless of the consequences which it might produce. You have, therefore, been very properly convicted of the wilful murder of that man. The jury, however, have accompanied their verdict by a recommendation to mercy; I presume that was on account of the drunken state in which you were. That, in point of law, is no palliation of your crime. I have it not in my power, Andrew Bracken, to attend to that recommendation. The pierogative of mercy rests with Her Majesty alone, and I cannot encourage you in any hope whatever that that recommendation will be acted upon I shil, however, forward it to the Secretary of State, to be laid before Her Majesty, that you may be placed at her mercy. Again I say, thatI cannot hold out to you any hope that that recommendation will be concurred in ; but I now most earnestly recommend you, with the assistance of your clergyman, to seek that mercy from the Almighty which -you liad not for William Bates., With regard to you, James Bracken, you were guilty pf manslaughter of the most aggravated character, and for that offence the sentence of the Court ia that you be transported for life. Upon you, Andrew Bracken, the sentence of the Court is, that you be removed hence to the place from whence you came, and thence to a place of public execution, and that there you be hanged by the naec7n until your body be dead, and that it be then buried within the precincta of the gaol in which you shall have been last confned; and may God, in the plenitude of His goodness, have mercy upon your soul. The prisoner Andrew fell down again in the dock and begged for mercy; but being raised by the turnkey, was escortedfrom the dock, ejaculating, with fearful intensity, of earnestness, "Oh, mother, mother, -that I should be hung.". For a few minutes the court seemed paralyzed by ithe shocking scene which it had witnessed; and his Lordship havine raised his head from his hands, slowvly rose and leit the court amid solemn silence. Several women were carried out fainting,, and, it was rumoured about that the prisoner James Bracken, if acquitted, was engaged to be married nest morning The Court adjourned at 8 o'clock. To-day the Court has been occupied all day with the trial of a woman named Jane Newton, charged with having onL tha 4th of May last attempted to poison' her husband with arsenic, at Aehton-under-Line. The case was Still going on when our despatch left. Crm, Co..n (BdfoJil Aer-. Bao E-ABrAYLI.) - GRELTN -V. SER'LEY - -This`was an action for slander of the plaintif's wife, 'who carried on the business of a milliner and dressmakerat Mancheste-, imputingthat she bad comnuitted adultery with vames Shaples and two other iine. The defendant pleaded Mr. Monk appeared for the pl1intiff, and Mr. Serjeant Wilkina forthe defendant, ekieng ftE adei sgwords bny the.diefenvant . as an action for words not in thOemE01yeaActionable. . ne plaintiff must prove that the dayoage 'was the neceesary result of the defendaun's speaking, the words proved, bit it seemaedthat the damNse resulted from other repeating what the defendant hd sig . For-this the defendanb,was not liable, alWoug& it was' a very hard caso.on' the -It was ultimately arrangod that the plainttff-. should be nonsulted, the defendant undertaking not to come upon him for costs. -
COU2PT Or IU17P1 i4rrc .tvg. 19. T-r Til;rAnn AqT, ,. -: (Before Afri ComMSsionler FAIMA - The b'nlpt was described a5 a; baker, of 10, Melinaplace, Westminster-road, and some time ago obtained a second-class corkificate.- Mr. Prmws,; on behalf of Mr. W. H; Hogg, tailor, of 49, Foundling--street-road, now appli6d for the sanction of the Court to sell, as niortgagee, the les f th p for ing 16, Cheltenhanm-place. Mr. Reed, for creditors, appearecl to oppose the application ; Mr. Bagley appeared for the bank-tu . t1 i There was a protracted examination of Mr. j1gg and the bankrupt, frM which it appehred that aUmension, of 'auot having a-claim of 3 . upon bills running at the teofth ahbankruptcy, an d ldiscnted Hy hin at the rate of about 40 per cert., and alzo for a lease of the premises referred to, for an advance of 200a., wa omitted 'from the bankrnpts balance-sheet. Hogg sWad that no doubt the purchase of the lease four daistbfore bankruptcy had_ been conccte bythebanrup, ad ~s adownright swindle,. and ustcom tohiscout, nd,in act ha ishe hlm.e shoe Ho" ha aadtha hewould-never get through the. court if h He estimated the value' of the lease and fixtures at about 6001., and it was thought thbat it would make the account b1etween himself and Hogg ~.boit right. Mr. BAGLEY said Hogg had rejiresented a loan society. His Hoxoui gave the sanction a5sed for, bht the credi-' tors were entitled to all receipts on account thereof beyond the 2001.
| CVBNTBAL CRMINAzL COURB2 Avg. 19. - OLD COURT. (Beforc tthe Commoass SERJrrT.) Daniei Yusuf Ben Houlin, an Arab, surrendered to talke his trial for misdemeanour, in having -published certain false and defamatory libels upon Arthur de Guise. Mr. Ribton -was counsel for the prosecation ; Mr. Robin' son appeared for the defendant. Mr. ROmBiSoN said that in this case the parties had come to an arrangement that would save the Court and jury the trouble of going into the details. The prosecutorwas a highly respectable gentleman, a foreigner, and* he and the defendant had been on most intimate 'terms. In consequence, however, of some pecuniary trausactiousthat took place between them there had been iUl fedings created, and the defendant had written some letters that reflected upon the chaWacter of the prosecutor and his v'ife, and it 'was for publishing these letters that the present indictment had been preferred. He was novw, however, instructed to'state that the defendant was satisfied that there was no foundation for the statements contained in tho letters in question; and that he retracted all the offensive matters contained in them in the fuUest possible manner, and at the same time expressed his regret that he had published the charges compinuned of. Mr. RInTOw said that the prosecutor, Yi. de Guise, be. longed to one of. the oldest and most noble families in France. He had served with honour in the Hungarian iiisurrection, and was now engaged as a merchant in the city of London. He had no other object than to vindicate his character, and, asthe defendant had unreservedly withdrawn the imputations that were sought to be cast upon the prosecutor, had admitted hehre was no foundation for them, and bad apologized for the cours hlie had taken, the prosecutor bad no desire to proceed further with the matter, and he should thberefore withdraw from the prosecutlen.- The C03roso SERJEANT expressed his opinion that by the retractation and apology that had been made the honour of the prosecutor wo ld be much better satisfied than if there had been a trial and conviction. The defendant then entered into his personal recognizance to appear on any future occasion, if be should be required to do so. James Railton, 40, a respectable-looking man, pleaded "Guilty" to two indictments charging hiim with forging a transfer of Consol stock to the amount of 7001., and also with forging a receipt. MEr. COOPER, who appeared for the prisoner, stated that he was 'formerly a stockbroker, and he had the power of transferring certain stock, and it appeared that he had done so and applied the proceeds to his own use in some inst.-nces, and in others he had induced persons to personate the partiesto whom the stock belonged. He had made good the amounts of stock he so obtained as longas he could, but at leiigth he became inextricably involved, and the present prosecutions were the result. The Co3rio2 SETJBEANT inquired the amount of the prisoner's defalcatMons, and he was informed that stock to the amount of 2,0001. had-'been altogether transf6s-red by forged transf.ers, hut the prisoner had rejilaced stock to the amnount of 1,10012, so that there were 9OO0L only deficient. The Cos.msox Sxssssaxv postponed passing sentence. James Reilly, 30, was indicted for assaulting William Joslevine with intent to rob him. The prosecutor stated that he was a butler, end on the evening of the 8th of August he was in Gray's-inn-lane, when he had occasion to turn up a court, called Fox's-court, and the moment he had done so he was seized by two men, one of whom grasped him tightly round the throat and almost strangled him. An attempt.was then made to force his watch from him, but the swivel broke, and while the thieves were endeavonring to get the chain over his head a person named Simpson entered thb court; and the prisoner, who was one of the men, arnd his companion ran off. The prosecutor was so much injured that he was unable to follow them, but Simpson did so, and never lost sight cf the prisoner until he secured him. The Jury returned a verdict of Gaily. The C03t eox SRJEAENT, in passing sentence, said that outrages of this description were becoming very frequent, and every means must be taken to put a stop to them. If the indictment had been framed in another form he should have been empowered to pass a sentence of transportatiori and that sentence would in all probability have been passed. Under the p resent indictment, however, the extent of punishmen t that would he inflicted was one of imprisonIment only, but he should give the fuLl amOunt of punish. ment directed by the law, which was that he he imprisoned iand kept to hard labour for two years. Cornelius Urell, 20, a gentlemaiily-looking young man, pleaded "Guilt' to an indictment charging him with forging an acceptance to a bill of exchange for 510l., with intent to defraud Charles Joachim Hambro. Mr. Giffard appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Thompson was counsel for the prisoner. The prisoner was in the service of Messrs. Barnes -and Co., merchants in the city, and bore a very good character, and it appeared that he had obtained possession of a letter that belonged to the firm which contained a number of iforeign bils of exchange, and among them the one inquestion, which was payable at 31essrs. Hambro and Co's. office; and it appeared that he forged the aeceptance of Messrs. Barnes auld Co. to the bill, and obtained the money. It seemed that almost immediately after the commission of the offence the prisoner repented of what he had done, and told his master what had occurred, at the same time handing over the bank-notes he had received. He afterwards accompanied the officer to the river Lea, and he there showed him where he had concealed a large number of sovereigns in a bag under some stones in the water. Tho other bils of exchange, it appeared, were destroyed, and the whole of the proceeds of the forgery, it appeared, were recovered. The prosecutor strongly recoinmmnded the prisoner to the merciful consideration of the Court. The CONrION SERJEANrT sentenced him to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for 12 months. NEW COURT. (Before 11Th. PRc;NDxRncsSr, QC.) This Court was engaged during the principal part of the day trying prisoners for passing bad money. The cases did not' present any features of public interest. The nrumber of prisoners so charged was nnusuaLly small, there being only eight. The aver age committals during a period smilar to that which has elapsed since last session have for a long time past exceeded 20.
POLICE. MAnSION-HOUSE.-Jolm Crawley aud John Loveday were brought before the LORD MAYOR, charged with having robbed a corporal in the 6th Dragoon Guards, named William AM'Kelly, of his Crimean medal and some silver. The prosecutor, having been sworn, said,-On Saturday night last I went into the Union Coffee-shop, Union-street, vhere I met Crawley and a friend of his (not the other prisoner), and treated them to some coffee. I shortly after wards fell asleep, and when I awoke Ifound that my money had been taken from my pocket and that my Crimean medal had been cut from my coat. The prisoner Crawley and his companion had then left the house. Mr. B W. Bilton a sharebroker and dealer residin at Camberwell, said,-i was in the coffee-shop when the last witness awoke and complained of having lost his medal, but he could not give any account of the persons in whose com: any he had previously been. As hee eemedquite beilgered, I accompanied him to the station-house, where he gave anaceount of therobbery. he prisoner Loveday, whom'we afterwards met in the street, told us that he was in the coffee-shop when Crawley and a man named Fortz I had been drinldDn coffee with the isrosecutor, whom they had robbed of nis money and medaL Loveday also stated that he had been told that if 5s. could be offered for the - medalit could be restored to the owner. Crawley here said,-As I was going home after visiting somefriends onsaturdayunight I met the prosecutor in the Amazon coffee-shop, and in the course of conversation told him that I had formerly belonged to the Land Transport Corps, an-4 Ead returned from the Crimea only abnut a forlright ago. He i'ked me to find him a bed, and I took him to: the Uibon coffee-shop for the purpose of leavin& him there, when we were joined-byamannamaed Fort, ana all thres had some refreshmepsl but I kiownothinig about either the money or the medal. The. LORD XAYOR ordered Loveday to be removed from the bar and pIaced in the 'witness-box. Ie was then sworh and said,-Iwot into theXTnion coffeeshop alore a little after 2 o'clock . on Sunday morning, ' Shortly afterwards the prisongr Crawleycame in, accompanied by the proMecutor and a-man namedToitz. The rosecutor, who wis not sober, after Arinkidg a CAu Cof felfl,leep; when Crawleytook some silver vrt of his pocket. He thenr asked the waiter'f6r akife, foi the urjose, as hesaid,i of - cutting nspaploceof cigar toput' into lais.pipe, and upon-. 'its being given Xo 'itn, hie handed it to-Fort7 who but th°'e medal from the psecitor'5 coat. They then. left the homiee' I afterwvards went-vwt aplice-offlRer t9,findj'- &..liy, and he wtas given into custody. o - In answer to the LORD 7eAYOR, fh~ ioL. ,h D3 charge of the prisoner FUkisa that the vaiter-belonging to tbe coffee -shop was'not it attendance;X The'poner wa-tv.n.Lemanded, In order that the -waiter: nimght =e broughl.for*wadjo give. evidence- GULflU_Alfioil Bis-d eunntt, zyonug man, Wass placed e', the bar-beforeSirP 1isia, charOed with beidif. aconflict unlawfully atlarge. ~.; dward.Hill, 'city-pollce-constabie 331t said,->bont a ouarter-past 8 o'clock last night the pnsoner entered the };leet-street station-house, and said he wished to give himself np as an escapedd convi,6t fiom the Defence'hullk, at hoolwich. - He searched him, but found nothing onhim. - -Sir P. L&u a-It can nake no difference to you, prisoner, in telling how you escaped; and I should 'like to 1Prisoner.-I put on a worknan's Coat -and a pair of trousers made of a 6owel. Sir P. Lium- -Where did youn get the towels from toW. 'make the trousers? * Preeman.-They nust have been obtained on board the hulk, for the convicts are firnished with them for vashing themselves, Some of the convicts must have made them for Prisoner.-I made them myself. I. served 18 months of. my sentence, and during that time I leained the tailoring business- Freeman.-I do not think he had the opportunity of making them himself. if .' Prisoner.-Yes I had. It-was only-one towel douibled and cut, and the erds run together.! It only came part of the waey up my legs. . Sir P. Idusx-How is it that these escapes are effected? Are they of frequtnt occurrence 9 - Freeman.-Yes, they are, Sir. It was only iast Satdrday thab one escaped. - * Sirn. Tx.Lauv -But I-have seen these ga40gs chained together at Portsmouth vwhile -working. Freeman.-Yes, Sir, that is the old system, but they do not do so now. Tho prisoner was remanded. - MARYLtsOXF.-Yesterday, JoAn Cole, a gardener, livnng -at lNo. 1, 1,ew Church-street, Paddiunton,' was placed at the bar before Mr: BRoUGIUoN for finaU examination on' the charge of having attempted to murder Emily Liiker by firing at her a- pistol loaded -vith' gutpowder and- stones. The prisoner had upon sevefal previous occasions been remanded in consequence of the prosecutrix being, unable, from the frightful injuries vhich she had sustained, to attend. The particulars of what transpired upon forimerocca sions in reference to the case have already appeared.-' The prosecutrix was now'brought up in a cab by Jn#pector O'Brien fromt St. Iary'sHospital,'in which-she had been an inmate ever since the mturderous attack which' had been made upon her. Mr. Lorig, the house 'surgeon, and one of-the nurses of the excellent - institution alludedito vere also tnresent.' I - I ! P ritlle remembered it the prosecutrix, who is 3 years of age, was in the service of Miss Clay, 9, Howieyvillas, Paddington. The evidence before given was read over by the second clerk, -Ar. Tate, after which tho prosectrntsix ws swvorn. *I(er appearance excited the commiseration of all - in'court. She had been entirely deprived of the sight o' her, right eye, and portions of her face were blackened and otherwise disfigured. It was a great mercy that she was not kiled on the spot.) She said,-I have knovn the prisonerlO months, and have kept company with him for seven months. 8 In April lasbhe proposed to marry me, and wished me to consider of it and give hin an-answer. Inever told him I would marryhim; andI broke off-the acquaintance with him, as I considered, - on the 12th of May. It was on the 18t of that month that a young man came - to our hou* to see my fellow-servant, and - he became jealous. On the 18th I told him we had better break- -it off, as we should never be happy -together. - He said he thnught we- should be happy, and wished- to continue the acquaintance. -lTearly every -evening jfol afortnight afterwards he called at the house. 'On the Sunday before he shot me I went to the gate to let mitstress in, 'aid~he ~iv-sthn i ear thand. On the 7th of July, while I was taking mina parcel from a youth who had irought it from his master, he (prisoner) pushed the youth aside and presented and fired a pistol at me. I fell and bled very much, and was carried into the house. I felt at the time as though I was dying. He had threatened me; and upon one occasion he told me to remember Baker, and I mnderstood from what ho said that he alluded tea man who had murdered a womnan at Southampton. 9Ie bad told me that I had deceived him, but that I should never deceive another. After some further proceedings, Mr. BROUGHTON asked the prisoner what he had to say. Prisoner.-I am extremely sorry for having injured her; my mind and feelings were so- wounded that I could not master them. I knew not what I was doing. The prisoner was fully comniitted for trial at the Central Criminal Court for wounding with intent to marder. The prosecutrix, at the terminationof the inquiry,was lea tbrough the court by Inspector O'Brien, and conveyed back to St. Marys Hospital,-the nurse and- house surgeon accompanying her thuthier. W eSTrUNSTe-Mary Aune- Donovan, a middle-aged woman of respectable appearance, was charged -before Mr. AsWOLnD -with stealing a gold ring nd a sovereig from the perosn of Baron Mascaranes, of 49, Holywell-strcet, Westminster, under the'following circumstances*- i The prosecutor stated that on the 15th isut., about 11 o'clock at night, he vas passing by the gate of the Milbauk Prison, when the prisoner came up to him and asked hin for some money. lie said that he had none, and he asked her to go away. She refused to leave him, and put her hand in his waistcoat pocket, from which she took a sovereign. He lad hold of her and called for the police. She struggled to get away frozi him, and in the struggle she succeeded in takinga valuable gold ring off his finger. He got the ring from her, after which she seised hold of his hand and -hit the hack of it. She then ran away. At this -time a police. man came up, who went in pursuit of her and overtook her. enryg Marsh, 169 Bproved having ta'ken the prisoner has not since been found, The prisoner was comulitted for tral. Peter Smith, lately in the Crimean Army Works Corps, was charged with embezzling various sums of money, the property of 31r. J. T. Jackson, dyer, Brompton, his employer, having been that day (yesterday) apprehended by Eergeant Loome at the Mechanics' Intitution, sestminster, where he had called to receive his money. Mr. Philpot was engaged for the prosecutGr, and Mr. Austin for the prisoner. The prosecutor stated that the prisoner entered his service in the month of January, 1855. - He received It. a-week, and wae allowed 5 per cent. on all orders he obtained from new customers. A few months ago be left this country and went to the Crimea. Since his departure he (prosecutor) had ascertained that he had received various sums of money which he had not accounted for. (The nrose=ntor produced eightbh;lswhichhad the prisoner'sreceipts attached to them.) In answer to a question, the prosecutor said that there were sums varying from 2s. and 3s. to 21. that the prisoner bad received. If the prisoner was remanded he should be able to prove the several charges agast him Mr. Austin said that he should be able to give a complete answer to the case on the day the prisoner should appear again. 31r. Felix L. Bauwen was summoned by Mr. Gibbs, superintendent of the B division, for having, in certain pre mises, used for the purposes of trade and manufactures situated in Ranelagh-road, Pimlico. known as the Patent Candle Company (imited), unlawfully used a certain furnace rot constracted so as to consume its own smoke. Mr. Bodldn, who attended to prosecute on the part of the Govermnent, stated thatgreat complaints were made bythe neighbours of the annoyance arising from the large quantity of smoke issuing from the defendant's chimneys. On the 3d of January last the defendant- was convicted for a similar offence, and the nuisance was now as bad as ever. There was at present only one charge against the defendant, but there were other chimneys complained of. Mr. William Sandeson, engineer, said that he was employed by the -Commissioners of Police to inspect the premises of the defendant, BHe went there on the 30th mnst., bultbefore be got to them be saw large quantities of smoke issuing from a lofty chiminey. This occurred repeatedly, and lasted from 7 to 10 minutes. He went into'the premises, where befounda large furnace which was not so constrcted as to consume its own smokse. They vere then burnin-g Welsh coal. On a subsequent occasion when he called he found that a bituminous coal -was uised. It would bevery easy to constract an apparatus by which the smoke of the furnace could be consumed. Mr. Inpector Andrews, B division, and Mr. Simons, late inspector of the same division, confirmed the evidence. Mr. Brook, manager of the company, stat that since the last conviction measures had been taken to have a patent apparatus. The defendant had been to several largImanufactuaers in order to find out where he could meetwith the best apparatus by which smoke could be consumed. He obtaine one o :Noland's patent, but it had not answered. Since the summons was taken out an apparAtus had been set up, which he thought would be satisfactory. - Mfr. AsNOLD observed that there were no mitigatingecircumstancesin the case. Since the 3d of January last the defendant had continued to use tbe furnaco without the apparatus, and he continued the offence up to the 30th of Yune. It was his duty to impose3a heavy penalty,' and-if he (the defendant) were brought-there agaim the fine would be incroaed. The defeldant was fined 101, which he immediately paid, A sum of 10s. has been received by the Magistrate, froim " I J R. W.," for the poor laundress Mrs. Roberts, which it is requested may be acknowledged in Tho Times. SourTHMcVA-John Bullivant, Alfred Dale, Richard Smith, and Arthur Greenwood were broucht uD for further examination, charged with stealing severil bundles of paper, -valued at 3001., from the steamship Express, lying off The prisoners were committed fiJr trial on the charge, but will be brought np again on Friday-neit to have the evidence taken of other charges of greater magnitude. Mr. Brns offered to put in bafl for Bullivant and Greenwoed, hut the magistrate refused to accept it. - LAEsmxrs.-Henry Clarke and Charles Hill, --two welldressed persons, who refused to givetheir address or an aconunt of themselves, were fin'all examined - before thye -Eon. G. C; louuTOs, On a ch4arge -ot entering the dwelling-. house of Mr. Kernmere, a French-gentleman, of 24, Devon*hire-place, Kennington-lane, by means of skeletoa keys, with the intention of commnitting * robbery. It appared from the evidence that on that day Aweek the prosecutor, who lives alone and has acquired the charcter of a rich miser, left home soon after 10 o'el, locked the street-door after hm,nd son nft - ioners. who had been observed leiteringabc - t hours before, were ohbereeopen as-thed ior re-i and eater the house, whlo thn rems; a le on Ithe "llookout." - -Onsi-cx~tw -setnsi h,n~lli auu~ ntho " scou," fuidiug that -- z4le.11ie- b-dt-" All right' miates I"teTeca'eo lOe. u md' t h iwirso ne rs ru3sh ed outt. T They v re'iae .6k ~Zidy, Qi in 'his Rlight -Hill drojppecd-,a -czow:ber-43r - "jermmy," with which-the dor in the-~ jpiue eub'r's linae had, --leen~ forced openi, as -the n-A~ VOhe rp;cuded to a nioctT. I Mr. flolomons wno attended for the prisoner-, After cross- exan inix> the _itte, aid *.iding that he coold elicit otThig fav'ouzabte toehs clieutnb ddresem the magitrte, snd xprsse a opethat Ihis worship.would deasiwiff the ca;e smninarily br being tAeJiouseof the defendlat ~fr. N01T0N.-1L ~ gn1d e pa citr 12 months I1 | i~e no objection <to deal'with the cass bit, ias`ihI . Iaw only alow mie to gnve ireemonths, I cannot think of E 1ri. Solomons.-If y clients iLbe qnitosntisfiedyour orhpsdjdatoofth e matter.- (Laughtier.)! not bhe satiefed, an4 the prisoners mnst therefare go for 'The prisoners werer accordingly committed- tio tike their trial at the session arnw.eing:held aVtheicOd Bailejy.
SALES BY AUCTION. setpcVni Etatlon; Sothl-Wectenm Railway.-Ocerpret oarehold O, tzw, ith two acrer, and two Buoilding Fists Cltafintg five aqcrue. t3t*ALNNoOK and GALS'WORTaY wint SELL by * _/'AUCTION. at theq liA.x on Monday, Anupsal 25, at 12, a ~orartsct FILIEaOLD C0PFAGF'I cit=to ten00 Gron%au-coesarwm four ntile only Jiman Alderitrott. an cloe,n to tho Mailway 2tatiou. baying tri acesat iegonds,stblig~ a.AIso two d-rtachedplotsofi 3recto1L;d Lut.contaisin9 live aCTo-6 r,ith fauluabo trimtmeasto the ran,ard well eitrimte iar buildinar. May be viewed, and av2rticulsers bad at the Mac: of Met ers. Ri.'hkrdtsim andi wa-eye, solicitors, M'oor-. ga.C.,tatOt, and 07 the unctioner "o's 1 era-tr *The urs~i Panoyticon Of Sclence and Art, Lek steT-sqi1pao-. with the ,Stable Ilant, F tiires, and Two D fllir-g -lin adjoining, for * Sla,It-nforatnut to Theatrical Mauzgers =dt others. N.B. The pa, tr.csr h-. Rod corditiax,s of s-ab are n,,~w rrlv. 4` iHtNlSO00l- and GALSWVOItTEFY bitve been fa. to ured with iss5t-wtinehofro-n thxe Mortgageis to SELL by Also. T 1, CI,, at theo Mari. ou Monid,,rs. August 23, at 12, that Ioggv,lioeet ediieS- the rOYAL P.4-NOITICON. Ldic er-silutrc, Sekiuu-ledsod to 1teas tin axvhiitectural mconument oea of tho chief ornamieads of the, rrietroyalis The a5.rumt.sa is of t he meor ,bstantial eltaraot4:r. V,,,t *In ra?ttiY, elegant in drli~m ans proportloio, and elaborate beyond flescrlten n eroaton.Ti, syl ofarlaieoureisthe Idoorlis, of the 15th *zatuxy. so rich in colour and pure in insst.% It iii imposcsible * within thelimita of an,ndsqavriOel od utc otero tans. of Eo exterivo an establ.istsmen as thiS-, Visit to the bu%idig atone can cinury an ideas oa its grudee and capabilities. The Panap Vieen was estaUnihed by a pablic aeuPany nae oa arter of lcrtvtn.as ran att-is for the 1totiiOtiOfl Sad deVeelopuient ef scieer,c ad art, sad the exhibition of0 irtd bet n e drolias inventtsria. in cqnnies~In with mosnufactures and of vgcZat I;Aving for their object tho extenso f he.i xs als'o 0-a mink and lecture hail, and generally aa a place for popsa- liv- iatuctive cuVrUtaiofltft- The structure is admiirably adapted fer tbcOD nnp-W05 s uin 0t UPwisds of £10,050 ;i. beou e~ dilv tehildi.og and its permanent andi valuthie are-sroies. _4mo:g 0e ninny i.cptaxt tpoirertls conanected with the eduzce ceming unde-r the denomruiotiou of pl&nt, naya bto menltiuned thze gr.md erg"u aekaowldsged to be one of ttie tivest, insttlramt,l in tl,e world. Ia was ucntraci by Wlmmsss Bill andl Co., and is oiieb the meal ~wrfu ito eslaterr, consisting Of four manuals, each frost CC fo A * ane a pdal'orgsin from CCC to F 170 notes, ; 'reing ma'le for several watt isa sIY,, wTvmee. it is capable .1 producing a.ll-th - ,traadfctso in the departmcelebrated enandsta orut.Tewn tLe bplldia byt cin b hellw sorRter bf sthea poerx heh sal h r dj'ie-ted.anda rovedetforildmofeet. n egtuhI, prsy,tticg macoe nesed wihte-lsuccess. thermtuete dnier ys, Intacmimb ih eprmn f cec ndat oi mle at-nsi tebuiding, anfntcaatrofteaexibtio, whichur theavtebe sugetd mande sl approved ifawend ecorte eAuctuill cary city th origin.l miarbe foly eveoe, rid rsol eriitr a 14 ron-co aend highly e2remunerats commercia Yongdorallirig. Tht ugsinand Jplasoictos.Si. ayl'inospcted Pouthey comhre Hongother, sq, slcthor eSc.n Barkcenrrae thor othe frst Meanlr oane l axl ith tahne.teaolllreto orga, bywhhen-tet uneaudlle cocetd hai woeld,rr be nok id and Gus atbthe sau etimer the sur'eyors capaegentic-ftestr uct W turooae. w ondbeclounte,itc.T.aeewt Th e incremsnp'torl forled i mursicalntet a roTa l tees ofaigh Ctints, ' aorScnre. madee. Fi r a thmeatrney or Clpernt-ho wit the Pen ption bationabofatores,ad two -oedwellng-huses Daisi atachd.bc Mears.par andVmadeCi saltny aeotan t the A uction Mart, cinyo St.he citye ofLadee, rit- ttct, on 4la , 2ZtAuglh'en12tcetI Wracmk,Ifoulr ables, oug Paots and L oeas,esoldBicditrs.- Gt. rounicd's-cin lieAra. Vadlanc aend -roadin. soinitore 2ccpai, EssexstrePet torad; nod COi afsca"s, Chnanoc andCI Galoor'y -aucioners sd srveltOrs,17 i Tromat-street. Karent-poadc.a Imroendon. alo t ernu Tot er.ed rmptorily S. ld,5 pr7an9ut to an Ode ob' 9thvertHigho Courtof-;jx Coad,eay.sit tode ine au caeue Ca-ey s.Ceicuent. with rethls appoubation ofthe Judwget to uwhets Cour this cpner isnattached bye Moltysr ofNNci an nved Rent fWE0. aisin ato z the dwctiong-Mart, indth cityof ondn, o Moday fitiAnust aISafur1oock,e~- in ithe lots. sritiiovtt reserve,. ichadso BuyA t Valable. P flot o cfpLeaseol Bueehldinog Gro,nrd,fo in Are-plase ent-Proad.nc; theI onperien 0 Man.Pikfr edC- . s NIVOCK teantsd t£5 er an uWroT'cy rant ofT £1by persnesa A triOngt fthe Ma itwlnMhnoand YAnu9fact:it1pretnIsesy in themsbest pee. ofntheiprtant andmphavedinentaln of Bo11 per nnum derilved Sffomk en No2..4.9.a,n,910. -Mand r11etStlettn'owbWalyoreh. - recadbsoit thenepante Ol ande bCastles, amord prodcng rentalsr aent- muk inth Pagrt eau o tobtwaindsa ofe Angel Hoer anum; Std floMoiety of anessnrsve Ro.-rot n Ford,7 arisios 1 ing rmtoldweling-hourls and s-of Stesame ahnd engoek2 and 2asorh. Gaucintes2 Sufolhsret nnthEet bWterloiiplicof No.-Bac. Tarticulasmye badSho Nof 9 Abessga.-siehort anPid I)Y.er. soliitor, his. Golen-sqare of pri.t Streingr,rtiytr.3 Abhh-olane, eerity; ato oetheir;ad of 4M0,qestes. hine and GFrehld vesty f mpevant, aendrere-vsty on6 thp et f ajer anm ~'1INN CK nd ALS ORT Y 'illSELL by "4J UCTIN, a theMar, onMondy, Agust25.at 12 prhiely In te bet artef te Iopotan andthrvin Ioa o ater Sthed meind's,-ufolld, bengliaos.TR 9and I detat.e-mVslrke leth in highlyo-_ spctabtN tenCts adon GLarebSWoeeos YWan prodcin £16 phern Xsura Marti nMlara obtained t thea Ange wihoutel urysre TWO Emnd'sy of esss. ogesonandFod, oliitos, 1. incns-ituateando ben ands of Moris.Chinook nd Glwothy.auctonersms Ragndt-hree be occpie b Mis Gldng,hasben sldoynrdvtetreaty. egt boekflure Revesien umto oe-tharirdeof £l.,invesati ead in ck a Freehol suty of amlHane, and 15aresevtl on theiu dethofps ad. n o CHISRS.O REE and 8ALSOldRTHnd-wril SeLL by annCTin,e tat the oart,r on S oda.A ngLE2, at 1c2ed os, thfed may'be obtatned of P. THISeeDAYr. solici.torhieosPWTer Ratth Marfsnd ofBE Res3rs. ChineGsand rasorah, 2ntran egeht-strofntn Watecloo-placrr.~hoseeeexa oo.. To een,Roandersulana-Totersem-dtahed Vinuas. wcinthorade sof ra AU WCKanEGLSFR anRdH C Will TELL nely erctd e rTaHeVIS A, the vth gardens,1situate ad bceinrNi.1 CAT4OS and 15fPmoa-lae ontaiei tworeIe room Ihcat,rdsmandlhre bedt teuwo roweal ,auofi£3 hI.oop, echpe. tarpiculinrs may be bained cor 2nl( nsn o ande CTtaomles etrtons 4he PrenuL-"tre9etL,nHaloe-r-a Eqnr;at thesthoure,v vst; and of tesheCinol andcGaoneerrt, 28. tee le-grove,. Waelopand s.2e. hrbsrn~ mmikt 33as'serd-boue 19se, seeynzmile-esrrom Wewbs ande15grov,ne Brighto 1~\ESSRS. GREENr(28, Old Bond-svtreeiv eg to- anstructitha thi vranefrySL dsrble FUCEHOND EAT. con-y AtrInguo2a captal2foraly rhesDidenc,wth of meaboverofes,iadense, cond nearlyn the acresn ofd therobeatel fintussex was the the bOet atothe wobraTined rof.ma. dearer,Eang rolciatoPr,, lou msrrnd lre i anco thesss Gareeuln.o 2hic Old Road-s verti. dpeia;tosl,T lsliel, usandm-FrluireotCarrnes, Ctlvuesoand D erad Stck 0 ns f ofer Ha4, aetbundearoes of d GrowiNgw Chrops. ret ~JESSRS. HREENH(E8, Old B Wn-stEet beglt f SELLN bD AUTOON. inrthe Prl oo, eitsane, ball,mornin Ag. roo. ibrary andlbooks, drMwing room,atiner anddhuseeepr' roots. Tometlfor row.Au. 1 the Fraitur cri Three 1od Rtiaels, bat vroom,rg dinfagr' roomd,chn and glss,Yfo wiesand spirits, adohealr'spantry,ind Stc EL. Frdy, AnCoust 2, anthe Coritentoftes Iaundry aVndf DCor,. carsager aress,lireand ead tock bay an growingbin crops, o 113. Old Bond-street. ~ ~ ~ 6. Ol Togarmen, Midlders. andh Mter ad-Th genuin Htoreqinatrd Cofwsr He ifeors reingshi, Puthy, buies.I ~IWlESRS EFOI and COo.RS1L wby SELLON by -R.. AFri ION, Aug IS2, DAY.o the Promises,the aT 1 OCK, ac. powefu CARTIii HbORSE2 1and ofu o,thers,o theedowbbicarts,f tnelveryan'scat qltwo fone-he as.ihn copoiesyan dn, tarawfourngsefn e,, harnss, cornt: van o stalls hrpme tsra, Yiear loadstalo 014 gravel,f and view Tuiesda 5arsO'fer-sae,c. Cataloges onwe the premises 9,. Csvatlo.red led onythes, prmiestbound 5o'te wet n fteauctioneer, 44brn aTiPdn g-higte.&Cateilal1moder FPrntu f(re,Pinoc. Wine.b do-s. .To b LtroiotoarrafrSL by AUCTION, bMrGO.ILESathen Friday, haugutl, at 12 foret, e.the. CONTETSorrthe Above 21eatIdecce tmlsIOiag the crleano and apropritee frs ueo h trbdros Wtao elra ig roos dblePI0tS 0f- v roo an meosa ndc ar ktche requisites Then patiulae of which will hwo advertisedgrevous ad islep. tenethew of altheanctianeer. 4,ietbrogoe and 1th 5t.e Ny-ewt Cheroldfreett. Harepark nea Romocd.Vesylarg iElm trees,rellfgrd.whiOah and Othr Timbe .1.o21yas m ,J.N. SEl, b AUCION,in te Pa-. s abve,to-morrowT. AH. 1itatly fo-ed aundtre railway carrime 17br witc eOlms ofvey largerc fiothAnd thrfir1, atcheitrtt lime,t poopar. plane,ryo..andequaTityor rof Aupwoo. To mt1or viewed till thsale. atalogeDsTAt thea bod-e,a theinns atge Romford. BLeatwood. and flier; amwnd rofmers Rum- i lb"cyt and Wen, 80,-et OldmBoad-sreet. anditomfnured, Essoeos. et fi12 hsur.-C,ssruoed Sale of Teabeta andebHardco, dne a Pile-driig Elas chine, a medoabla , hantinmg-oudse,~ Timer hm, and bagacnimpoe- oak;tea. rm. o. prt n te lg, et te cas ofpathrelady te out i 3,5. erry eCanmiers, Peel Crome - Mhms est Datn 5. co_-_ Mi-be -Vi=nd zudcatal'ogoea bad, C MComeca BalBoms, 44, Peartirgdon-esase. oen door from Hlol7~tJjESSE Gil Nnrj &) wldB SE,LL by AUC- at 2 for lzh gofad EEFHCTS-FOf aGEtOCEKt and IMUG~ GIST; cemprusn, g triole, caChes, 1aw jindx-telrd sfugars, pickles, M oilr ntlePr. eirnfit. Toorow, Argo= 21 ss12hfr mille bnd (esbisa BVLINIIAtttia."i OcLeSi cofurniterA. "eu5,1,g ofs 1operStc 7-eet maioga, nyhtsbrardtabe, two maceySuis iher erg peor- crnapo.&onsiat,dal,- stands brie. Oan view phnecingol ae Ca taloguer a the rooms; andu aties thserana,sine.raoic. : t1, efuattest. 1. o ireM 0em"c, cptalfo-orinw, waigusctig 2; t 2or, 2u tvhe yane- L"g--11.at'the mellton of Malceer-lane.-VeryvaLluable Fre-j wa61 S'a 'lug, G,sslens, and v'addocks, stu whole coomprisluit alo dxt r full v md andhbriek e&rt!L alssd,frrm Jig, position, ,ile the nm~impsOrtant and Irunable building sites in the Titisi2 539 Lon,don. 7qESRS 3AREROTER CLAIM, and LYE isrtrctnj o peprefor SALE, at Garr.-W6SsCde bour,oswederd~ net, 3rhAsigst.at 2 oclock. inelons1.". ~ rlt.tflhdjLl) ES~~E, stuateon Higbgste-htll, as itstentso wth danenU.e adClowi to. thetw; iai scie. ae Viws romthe property o,,er Lando tsn1.eesi, andfem te got frntag ~ ~-Th~e Nte-li.illband E5aide,-lane fPlriuns,Oeo a na al bebulig Ite oveir ofeo. h eWittotei w.i Wofbens tohade ad engrwd the waiho,hewmgtobe easduiy COasOrted t- bental pror to10 bidinr onnuheal pry.frb sESSbcRds o. wlAREhBRwThpEttelar ULRand Lln. Ya E hdo M mff lus, ctdo b the BodrsRrtopn-Teto ttlog Sis.by AUCTION, a0 the fichh offeredsingonelot, neari matesthon,-ldwl bemput upg lvot ca~ii fromDsus, sandryAmlloments ami=d Cottages tuey Pinotesa of Witsrezw.thI~d coulleyns sitertdlTt of thfl,kon -F,,igeld-arish, the wool,o Prodocing n good rntairo£,10 snor assnabeuns. llurlbulin: andStabin . laborem BRottg &c, gadeLorrarK, and LYa, e tacbed hmsay'sonwdnassry docking wsi.27ath 12,tubl fottasreg saldeabl hfrstablfe,ared anooo,nd Ifm thed the wholedved winto sutuindr nlosa as ofaow viry LodtIve A vluble, ue and nIportlaudt FreOL43nn Etat. situaer 1 abot4mi les fom leaetto ssr. Joh Fis~r-f Ee ander oafo1worte. from thlithn ond Oramlinrt i7, atd 12 fromrBnngryntii the POltrh of Fees A igh~edconly aubof Freehold, knowtase Feessito asdjaltn wthe prcapdt lIt kwisno-huase Wtingoornclreai r,modal suitab le eecuTuhoae bin italn suder Etabliog, llabourer.' cottages,h., ansdn ortbiarilg, andmheat do- fofwery grendusiv amld ldre,paostore. andJarbe psue meadow ln,citiigt. gAndwo noztiigtgther 115 acres, let on lea-ia to M1r. Joham.r ' atr f1 eas fbrometh fohr Olhs.l7 a tnwih xde st Shsmodoese Iet al £420 porussmsa pralsom tlo,wont oul CottagesadGres edci 1 Ifs, larer gannum lott 2.q Ael' highly valuable a'eoinin Etate. arceing,welajinn brthe precedingr lomp, on asd WoltstkaNs-hal Fapcto, tilhest farmhouse, in od eapita ordet, nelatbgliti, faboure, cottager,hard motbtlleithgs, cteben andoti bdwer gares. aud sudlry enelasures of goodbe parl. eture . i3 meadow. anl ndwoln,containing ttogether 1ll acres, let on lease to Mr.r. J. efe,fram tbenrfmatos which wl exie at irihesmat id1ebsetas. 1332. atN£5 pound prannumn ;Also,a neat4 donbnd Cotagle, h aggre, let at £5813.pranan per annuA. dLot3veydsrable YeodadCpyehold. Estate, knownase Crck themp,rch and ,oldtik withom .apdtlaltiled Farmhou, %in goodfrpirm hasth netgarden oubinldoitg. &c.h grcarden orcatd, wt sablng andl~ o0E abuldi_,adudye"suso ial, pasture. anid meadow land,coalgtghr95a$ temwhc tit eofr ath Miebetm,as, 1earl, trat 31 , at l17 per annum.o varios teriine, and gardens, let at £18 14t , per amans. Lor t 4 .dsbe Flam reehiold andep2 Cossone Estate sny)itua~teea the cig hue. knowinga lomeadt.lo'~sFr with gooda farm-hoe erssr hose, tables, 'saatulbuildings, do..d ge-rdez, oelord, andfeneryspacauof tiearable, pasture. mid meadowv laud, cntainring together 95 acros-, lnete ocuain ofzebBr Joher Reese,fo as tyearly cnnt atll £1x5irer onnum, Four enc t helowures tof allotmet Ld andum Lundry Tuie alualet tlao sriof Wtents, a4 wth£ Wkly.pe nnum exetr 5.e the Smroets or ith Faesimel, anehod pitxep as 10JhU oenelrod ond ly)itwte.d rognedty tmat with gU;h oodyardien, anditrhard e, qutals and. free renitob atehueats chsida,-_ anid sandrt enclosuresl ofthery nroautiearsb, pr asturee. a iid mepu owelandcesinma Te inmgtgler on acrisso leton leatham ii ts.oenato h?ave amo tedrm omic tilt yeiro 1a3 tloet854ssill859e ato the loiren of S£1551 pFr ano.7.LRotrial Tute-vIn abe anor of Wittoik.bac wisthrakle FLysebod ttendn u6setr th ofris Mforstsingeeld Fandps of abo en310aseo verydeldic mu oductivied togbete with pallu rLahndoatis. rirayte,utadfe rets aehts enstructdt SELd cour bAr`Ton, and Galt othr mofeeberse, Cprileges. and appurtenaynces,. Aun,t 7 T ae doe oonk,a deto f:roml FRaEHOanD ienn hSATE azidomitN led fi the Peark 1537 sto 3854 inclsv,t the ars orn Stf J1,1s0 lothe Lot, necrtora TIthe-es Remit chrgmHaeswaounting G rmHetoa3.pe annu, ubc7 tro tme IlsiOatxon afolk;g from tepries cof rorn and reaidnw, arsisib grioultuorte anl bod ther paris aofutcsssigrels oln Te fam rniow iengeado nd aprication tols tusrespectinvexcedingly cmmpacticuansd inatthood aageofmcultrvation; Kinh' Hesad, wilibesdwhite teLion, ye;ate Ton oe.;Banga;LofdWsired a, Mrowh, elt.,s lndxagenr,tIn Ere;eut tenusro wiolc6tiande Lenny Giandor agets,cidstt, near pllslew,rbehad of Mesr. Poole an F-sq.n, soli-itr Bcitrs 3, thol ar1'-nd-~:,e Londenwr: at Garraway's; andatothe oefices OfaMes,.Frebnther. Clark s, and L-y e, 6 , Lancaster-place, S'trand. InthountrHghy o Sausflit,A eale Freeho eld Estate, wta ptlRedas detngof meatn eatse Frarmhinofl abod abu140 acres of vr choucic produciv Farabhlae a padsturendr.Ctampouiga r~u et fS5 ESSRS. FARtEBROTEEER, CLARK, and LYE Atare instructed to SELL. by GarJCTwafs atW(rarsaay'next Coffee sir at1.tehgl auble PR.EIO53ESAE ad Atr, calleda the ParktFarm, Iswituat in the pariah of St.e raTes, ouradIthersected nea toe iateem llu wit fromtalwrdurth IIfom latesand pland? fromungds, Sotm-d fol;di comvenient a oP oiunrsdne setuoaricultural buildinp lotemrhfr -one wihlo bl mligs, and about 311- acres of hiecr rwn ad n ichl poldue-~ tuves raly ngexecdioglan cmpact land,i a god stveate cltiaties.Th Tvhoe es tathile occadawith thesi.aeoage Cofe.a uresston if esi preda llcmulns nhext orstate pr esautifte nduantedwirlt ine hisocupati fon, P,btebnkaof wtherplerane. oman ebd ofWie , teLs.ec,ewF, Itsoictwer. RwunsgeJsy, sufftolk;of M.tb WteaU,Moorethtnailr,y'-innt; trte I-nnda frewics, anuthwoltdtobu and lLessori ; bat Garrawort'standeof drom fomarebetes-. near. sod Lyevea pac, Lofmhtr-pn , Stand omsal, wW ment.May betwe vaniewgdroe andppAwiohn en the bamnk, ofd athricver had at theiIgl sateablengtree.oe BEstaey,Is&,withd capwitalRe!sidnc ofarm-house 5sd sunre Cottagesr, piroduingham preen rentarl ofmi-Lf Esq. aebre netroc KendtaSlL. atGidriwsLosdon,a Wednrralay'neat,nAug. 2,tt.the oMischlpse valuabl rothItr. Cfr k'iwnd y Las tteBr-panss, Ipewgtich. oneth luantero the -rigerhlyr vanduintersetedb the Easter hi,with noble galslery,iorchrard, fruandyplearsuirh gocupdsaeteonsive tnd conveienlt%magricutyufralnuidis,abateun.somhue st.l ESuial bidns,adabu.4 acresOTH P. ofA C highl pLYuE ATiehavbe, meenadow,rad marshtland and-osm sheveral ctags ofthe holtewinthea Socuption of Mr.ndorg Cooper. bACIO,aretGalrofa£00vpe anoWednesTay estati bAutifll undulated,a iprising asnduaigly varonsl LEShEankofth rivAer,ad commandingths extensive viwsdI isobetwee twg premst-la stton long th atrnofm Onion Racuiedbytray nniaclture.and Harwich harbour, afodngl facrilitihesfr yaching irt ins,wl situate o f1ornmarets ne-Ar toiseveaak of Afahiounds,e and frormsd ahooagwholea mogntstrdesirabe aesrdntipletatebaswell aseamyastreets landted invust mebat.mlwy hontviewgiedbon aplrtonm toithe treznanroo and patieuppr badr at te frons t rtamnsugtae.benleyfr, bpoardi- and wrich eee ysh ontefiBanabfoor Czndhre viio.Brin gherar pr am;e tbofg RcharndSmith,. room, Sebeingh nealr Ktledndal;ganediny London,ametGalrawstem:anda the goundcesooesrs. largebfonteroo, Cbackroom,cpianlye,trancseshpllce kitches.sThereets Watrigtoo-ptwac,lihy val ~muable Leasehroldgrei Sey, wi the noble goallertherear forto sany yeamrsindte occuption bof the CHortidenlus Soerty ofd Londc-u, ata aml ed ESS E SI.$ FAR]5BROTHEI, CLARK, andiLY Hol rtirnuturuSctetyodLno to BELL yUCI, at Garrawa s's,n edesa the Wednst a neAugt, Ag7 at 12,o'c ank in tplortan nhgl.vlal aleASREEIOLD) SaTE, comalrising Choeetesveadaomd ing p treemiseoloea fnomn Rytn 0from bae ccupmbyr h riilua Waldet. ofand onl andeevariuothe-from tes coprtn,siue - Sit,honth west saNide ofn thatPfAsih Ofablelanbowded thorogfae cioiies-ore~etc, wihaterloho-place.abetween pleammnire amndste u dchamers;icontainin thve bed room with dresaiong room on thepupper Se~er,large frnt rofmhi osuiabesfor ai baed rienm wthbreecreart On the flBtdor,er and ietn the rer,apprsoae theRough a omr.riydorina roome, beinghtellyventilated and hlgtn yan mllamdenoa lantern: on thegrond Gadeoor,argrnt room,ur bakrooml, Coapitalentance ball -itdhen, Ter Psa rig.ht bol wa fromt1 Jcersyn-itheplssthron)iughtey geallry thel diraectf uodnde threCronifroron unexared teorom Hof 6 yesars, a a geroun Hret,ord.aynb viewe byuf tickets fonLy,wich,with partSculRS,ayb FAo Msrs 5REBROTHER, CLARK, and le Lanan a (Srraw tGamway'ii.edemy ep 1,at1 DONth HiDGh Ra md,ebetweEzendys fandy rmbidgne, on thebor dersin ofth Cmridge. s Heetils mandnser. fittedand iabliFailywt Reieny egar witheardensad plameasu resigrons andms andompateFrm lof ab,out 955 acres with Honeetead aniCogtwgth eergrees,.atre t EbROTEd CrvlARK,t ndnLY thepingthofAgs,a12ocokintolts the following vpitlaadInti. allFREODandeit h smalles parut CzOes.gr LD eStATES iut Wabout three itlesWhfrom esown,1 fsromen-Camrid)e a2nro SVaffron. Preasdeaan onlyiv Sthreen qarter fareomutesMadretysituationfor h Hitehi1 BSunc atGtatmwaV,te, porislaednelbsday te aopit eptaespa dexts, state i2 the L Sill -of an Imotheanoti P of EThe proprie2or,HWg C Career,te, Wapnd, cof wi pothssaessio mn wl e gve ; thmreecttaes andar ancpid farm,us withrgoelodn homestad,nd eabot850 acespof principally wiaalelad, le too T Mesrs Williage and Lewio 4 os aiexh ratdily poer annupide:the esatehus bare prlyoovhoe dofres tithes anderland-ax rhedeemed;ng s thexeln lad nsdiglyrgproducive.nMye viewed, H and pret. o te slamedwith pans, thd onthe esntateniat thve oBul,Cabidge C1rown. th whoylen Rose annd Burow-n,al rep-ir,den P ofsessrsma.b ThadroAllan clash, tolthetoreo, Rystn at sewy nd atiue tta 'e foffice hofs Messms yFi,asnbsother ClarkanodatLyeancastr-placer, Stand togo loso sianThewBordersofHet,o the Banke s nof ithe Rcuaiveotnr.-ofesdro Lawn Gadens an Plasur Grunds Coebbsee) and istheldofnth -nodsmal Padock thewhoe abot 1 aces wt p esonf siotuat ers i~! ESSES. FAREBROTHER viCLARK and LYEiulv JIM. wil SELL, a Garrawn's on hedeay Srept,s1s , at 12ra unless tab! ffer s revouslymadeLye,privlatecnteracti, ROY LowerEdmonton, 3liddlemsx-Valuable Churebbold Estate, producn a, rental of £103 per anussim, I cn M ESSR-S. FAREBROTHERt, CLAR K, mnd LYE h ave receivedl instructions to SELL4at Garrmway'e, on WVedmesday, September 10, at 12, in o-ne lot, a very desirable ESTATE, well situate on the southL sido of Church-street, Lower Edmonton, and omormDaing a Dwelling 1House, Premises. ad large Gardon, in the Occupation of Mrrs. Jiflkins, let en a repali-ing lease, for an uinexpiced term of about ten years, at the Yearly rent of £3M. Anothier -Dwellig Hous and Prem'ises, wvith St-ablimr. Chaisehouse, Iloyhonse, anda large Garden. in the,occopation of -Mr. R. Sayer, at£1pe annum, Four briclr-bunilt Cottages, with Gardens, adjoiLing the above, Producing tOgethier. £10 Es. per annum, The forse;olug hzt a frontage of upwards of Mbf . to Church-itreet w4ith a depfh of -about- ITIL., coid contains tozether an area of abousit two acres, anid is for the greater part enclosed by a buask troll. Also, a ?iece of Land, on Eaield Chese,ahousstbiecres. teilg an enclcesire 1?otment, sadl in let to Mr. Rsussell. at £2 Ift per .or.um. Th1e whole in bold by lease, under' the Dean and Chapter of St. -Paul's. London, for a term of -which 14 Years wil be unenmired at lfichaelesas next, at a yearly rent of about £2 lM, gt, and. baa beOen reneWAlble every sEvTn lenin. Onl pay. mIntof fIs. he ropots'eas be stwedon ap'ltcatlo-s to the tenssi, ad pctrumarsad 7fMetrs,Ree, nsifora and Miacsdeu, STohinlen an Sipian.onlcitrs l£s.csessr;ofMr. Skelton,. ValnablloFr,eehold Residenees, ucljngzhan-gste.dcloe to th Palxce,. .and overlooking Sc, Janmes's-park: on wihpsssin 1-.MZWRS. PAREBROTHE% LR,ad~Y ,Lk re instructed to'SEL[~ ait Gasraways o ensa,S ei bar 10, atn, so valuable, FREEHOLD) ESTA-r cmpiigwo cl lent ti- .'5redences most delightfulsIut,o,22ai 2 Was'wlekahtre. tO"derink 111 Le-lceet9ershire and X6rtbmstonsh!re. eapaihuld'i)easahi nd noble esilecne, hfaoric, -and besestiiol Woo,f teads, onlY three Iousa' Journey from ooadox, -34ESSRIS. DAXJN2fI SMUITH and SON wigll nnleasf lire,iPslk d!sissed,6') s1 ubmit for SALE by AUCTJO I, at the -Zeavt o? ay Augtst 20.- at l,et on ebclr&faxrc-a Dre ocoriCn c ieEtment, lwith superiorhomu:-teaa-I, ttIe-itingaished SPAT and imOportantDO7,t,fl and MANORS ofN ESVBOLD-HATL, betwfen Rugby, Oeentry, Nimeston. anLd -Lut-ivr-orth, comprising a haudsome, capfta, b#abia macston. repaletewis. evdry comfor. for a large famaily, with excellent ellces -scale,delightit' oyechlod,dina rich ancl supebytm~~lnrwt -rhoasstLd sAmal innws. ZnSurc otae,s- Norhomton LceserUCsTIOwca, Iwtheminctn, and Couentay Sept Messs. arri lIns. ndrubbard,l solicitoPrs islby taty the abovt and f Msrs,DanelSmThaTd Srn, ofd agents tibe Watero-lane.xr Wna(a ltand,osuvuninrseolea artm. nwn, IuPo fariny Hail,ec rdall. eqsirit uldinIEL SMIT and SONr Iatcua- with stonmoi Lu..h for SALae b UCI at 'h utoLathe O Meart, Nen Tuesday.onp andi Newman, solot. i ort Yeoviell Smerls,by praEl of M t. Dabov aitnate atroshrcneHou.Ksex, a oatpes-n uerleas,a vr i rent.y It compried abound,wt a crsof very 'Frdute ab aSi eando laudi omo igt. surondng b lesnthl an mneiofamricce stadtion ritontheuRedings laudRenane garden,. Partclrn t Fay horobtane tato the ntie out Wart;o ern railNea man mith pundi San.Land aethe In artonTeroasdy et16at2, Pall-mal n lisnsa-todmora los, noderateestabdlresidence,.dstandpe,atyeing linI *ricgehltie-reia grouemn's syotpa, with a blenp farmmof aboue t banf extesiv 1ComomyolndRihts byithe irehrl ae ile fte Ilaokwaerero Station eiamonthe Rsue aanor Reiat dalwa, aonsdrd fourlmIlequoflthe freehoroond he utgtiongon the Sn outh atiely VeRailway. A fe -ioul pbe-trlic edLEor the residetnTc adayoSet. r6, atre surrondngr4 i,aee,ptslredffr,htlo ppeeslon mly benha.ciPa,tbeaboedsirandle sHPAmay bioae hid at te chiefi,nesb hath diakwtretroun Blacgstore Thdug hond issutefr ah moderate celarb;sisetnd ofAesrtanipeasly reitirend ion. lapaagkients nWtderklooithane oramental. ofilboe ofrdaerm an leddedy CaltogetherlagentChlemnsstyl-o plee,sihapesr am bu it Snhseit omslnM IyTHat Pandcer aOnd wlu SEas bAd, at AUThecifIONn, at theaksate r. Tlaigetoke.Auzsd2g.at2 and R"Igite:el atlh uatble F aRt;HOnD of RteSe ianibelpSmitheand e. inn, aer,s,h atelooplce,Pal-mal,of homorenbl,rs to vie maym .3fESSIIS. DALNIEL SMiITH1 and SON will SuneLL at by atna AU IN Batk the Mgart, . oTnedy Suept.a1, aetcm12.by dietion ofor togethxesur of the lats, Gbecair FranciestaWilder,a adesoale LEASEHOLDt FRESHODELNC, winthe ieta andost ayportws ofteniveogab-plnce cnaudiLer autmlei aseegndationsfo ad spaciousn~ yamily It is rebold. for annemiredy tleam of 2 ters ath b ridesat riet -of £2e3 o Paticumarskeastb towu at thenlucwtho iMart;aof F. W.Bild te, roicitr, 33.Bedford-oati; and ofisMessrs.n iani comith ond Ison,r twielFeen,ldswcFarms near utdgam, with vr psuper~iorReien I5ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH an-dSON will subLtt it by AUC PETTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday. uut2, aet 12, in Tulat,seea made)teabov vFeErOL deARbS inEEHOLDhe ofATew. bolm-Revel,n elregaton-uder-Fs3 Paiion,o an masenrate scalegin from 50l stoyl0aes. ah with tevaiusnoquiAt ece ofarm residencstablnd excellent wayandcost ullpatisilau,wit Pansrmyt! a 'wft pltau,r Harrsy os andh cif n Hbard Ipswichir, Rugbc;eater the Aucio art : ndof MeEsmr DanielSihadSn an ndolctos hagtent, ate-urloo.plcceo esr.aeSmtgnt Waloplc,Pall-malll. The Red Lion cormtig Hotel,tenley-pon-Tame,Oxl itt variousaOutbuldingsomto,an for onn feron t a geoudthe river. h posessRSn.DA ILS IHadSN il(nes ItprevDusl dipoe OfbyL wriat trEtLL cebytt AUCTION. atoheMat,e ner tei- BanHISEngAnd. onuTuesd0ay, ethem:ei 23 auit 12 'cloZck,tgte o.rapiing thelots, thf aboed rongestwohaishd and old favurite FREEHLD LHN byw1t its, forlding dools, exesv Thblio,s and. oapther outbuildms granaries,a Ioders.co yr.IisFREeoD, aODWIral wlace close to theCbIdgeatth enrneo the Prmarket Town ofY Hele,githt 20. nzdia2 form. tolag thgier Thme fOrbHOatin andNIishUs,an incoumand orabits anr. Prisiang richtand, beautiaul wcacrd.Terirobs adblfrom Twyasl ta chestseo iwexpectied tofho opend itbhiea etes,se oths. At poarti on capon the ricersbanalks mightahe maprorited fo an wuhar, oarblother cbusoiners. Partsicuac whithe lans, pers glec hadfMr.l-oppe Othabte, Csty~and o 'uteors.Danie Smit and mon. tatro-lacendersall-al to 6emaplictio i usbonsale y artes s MaY t purchase. W theen bYpoawich. aoyndSx.nuWdhste, writh posec dthen, lI SSRS. DE)A N HAL MITORRand n SON will,sbitt TI SEL ubli COMETTIONq, at the Mrt Ronm Tu,-Etesday Coeptem vilarstyen, wHIthAY the.variou reuisiteut oatce, goldaling exceLLeANT gardens,e BdRACELETa. pleasure grounds, puins,unde bro bsma well. thimbere plark, -it.hneat ldgebr uponeteres u e od ndavr be' crscotcges dc. alogeter beut174acre, hs,rn fence, anllte isigtfArm,orut Reers,iono coommanding ah rFpetaletean. rAilwa is nowA coNm o,vf cntuco upL n whic AUThrwillh at elainwtha hrdiaceothesae Partcuerpthbl plans, mayb ha at he hiefiri at pawch.Goleeste m &; t the Mart:es of Msse, llac nd obison solcitrs,Chaterhesectaislrty and o who re ull comisiond totret fr is dspoal. clr aaea Hatisonal Gem-dcryedBromlten frordii er 6,0 atra aurund-ren, it liesse5siosngtn.prk MR. SREAD. AO)WN will SEL L by AUCTIONL,att opeIRg to aaR-IedConRSrvty 20U ft.Lb lbt. dInigooTIft, by t4 h beafs Mro,om ndT y baDth roo, lbary 129 Ity bye r 1f ft.,l andegoo rorant' Olirn, he ous-ma bevieed inyticet, tobetwe thed wills partiolar of ale,of Mssrs Suton ad chamne.er Ss,inngh,i atret, sliciom; nd o Mr.Godwn, 3 Ha for-errcosx andgrev- SQuare, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 7 arimet Pc, t2, ThtrreofaGnrot-emCaptteFurdemur: tOrnaental Items,t&o tlieFs D.GO WI will SELL by AUCTION, a h om,4tSrn,T-orw T-L on-ay thAremuies,TISDA.ugs20 at 12. forI sy,cnstgoftwoa exelarge asunitgs of piHOUSEhoLD dFUngrooItUbles, chincludn AorabIn and cauisingbditteads. ma3hoany omsweardroes marble-topusrasdbindo, chestes ofd drawers, ofv sofas ard oucthes msttelegan deofcA-rs, ion.rc ,gured satnd occonaletabe, withlaide haoueceand ooe heimut, cmarbeto ceotenhandsor tbe- mechimneyln pier cofsrts, marbe-tls hfop pers table, cagGoe. sideboard, sets aof dinoingtbes,elibrary tabes. Parisbian and ot-ther clnitoks,ndbwitm fies andblute, Orimental arse, china ofgases, clanselornamet,Bosl carpets, heavcowcrtairus, formnamentalefendversyn okrnchesa, and cratian.i logeslA:and. iof, MrGdJwpn, 3, oo candin-erac, Eelgrnve-sq,iare, ~ ~ ~ imedat Thesis ey-Sralliofte imraceleats,aFurOaluande Frilliant Buttons Gold Watch ores nn byfBr thie, Mnosyux Webster,g riiontsa antb oothtr,7 M hteewVeSSR. teBENHAteM SToRE, arend SueON weill SELLbye FaUCstION, Wate theimf Rom, ist-street. C hewoleint threhn,dTHIS DaY rthrsetbe 20teim ant, iat1, TepyendiderILaterets andgother BRthACe lanTs, daoneptd rings,pin, oHanbrethell, ghowldy chaitns, alat,Lahs and hroardmey.etendrg vrthso.jso C` osday-An Orbietll Bueardleictlc, 9 etoab-ratteofiSrll,aGts, SapWaes, ad tHcrley valuthables. i n ohrRet ndA r ESSES.e t EBEeAMtSTRE,andSONwil ,IYJ. SELL, at JIM Niv theiRom.in-te, Covno-gardn to-arnourc, tihsayt they bave instnt iLOrctSead WACE,by Ehevs nglisht and cosalienudrthowmkerl of TomasCrallbnoMCeIe,silveraned Shtoel plabmte,o Sand obyc cosCtly Tem.atteAcinar ithctyohtr,n Ausolu ctter2.aI ReversokIn toe Moneyrnothe Funds. o~n sb ject to sccodtns E fRPalea will SheLL byrdcd andTIOc, tat be peccionsl modafel,heIs anfASOLtoer tReVERSIN toONF.-TASMtESTAnTEg wiche rcampebftrseeds ofwrd the highe-statuespec,ahlloty and application of bone mnanure, the late proprietor having for naarly 20 leaspast expendel the rentalhi permanent improvements. The prolerty consists of the noe.y-ereted macstun calledL Bolesworth Castle, upon which an enormous -um. of mnoneY wan expended to render it worthy to be ranked among the first In the county, and from its ela-- vatlid site, commandnig fine views of the Vale Royal~ of Cheshire. theo ccurseo of the river Dee. and Welsh maounxtains m is has the adr,antaceof possessfing soveral epproocber, -hich renders it very accessible, anid stands in the midst of pleasure groiunds of considerable extent, sloping - to a beautiful lake. whilst its richly timbered park in the foregroun,, occupies a considerabile extent of gently undulating landi; the kitchen gardens, whichi are hiear and partially enIOsecd, are most productive and contain. vineriessan pine pitas; the coach-houses staeles, gardener1 an d ke cpsers coettagesF, c-attle shippons, anwdL oth er useful out-buildin gs, flemming t-hree eides of a vrqaae. with la,ge ope_n yard in the centre, are conveniently ptsced. The estate has bceio subdivided into a number of well-arrangred farms, upon *hislh considerable sumes of money have been spent, not only in the permanent imPrurment of the soil, hut alto in the exection of several new and cosmnplete homesteads,, combining ecry mod'ern imProvement; other pa tions consIs of a water corn mill. in the village of Tattenhall, and sundry - cottages tenements -immtersper-sed. over 'ha PrOPerty. Tire, estate isrituate in the several'parishes or townships of Tatteahall, Haeihili,Proxton, Chowrley,Isurwardsle'. and Biekertn. witlsin eary distance of: the rih chuirches and prorchEal sebools of HoirtbilL, Tattenhall, and - anry: -is intersected bsy screralexodellxtroads.s and adjoins the ce~atts - of Sir Fhmiode3tNalIpasCGrapEgfon,Rolart;JohnToUemacbesq,XI? ; J. I,L1-eoe. Esq. ; S. Aldersy. DAn.; R: B.,=.top,sq.; thetbmodleo of the late S. Snlidtoels, lOn., ar-A oth er4 : ig ditnt abosutmine miles thoem the city of Chester, a,nd 11 from,WW Widmch, the uaioroad retweentthose plsoespsamstog tbgoGh Pielanx theeof. The ~Tstteaball Station on tiea Cheeter an JJtew e branch of the Icnadef and Norh-Wstrn aiwayisdiean *bti,t'-omits.The estate inwell'intbeoentreofthemeetsofthe~Mo. ndagirWtkinW. Wjnnaa-Ig _MIESSRS. NOTN OGR,adTRTST bes' fetRoeius order, viz.- I 2;- 1sle Of V`ght,-Leageholi Property, known AS row1eoeeHpuse, situate ln Eant Qtwes-park. ,Tosmbridge-wells.-Vlla Residence situate at 3Ibel-parb 3Hlatits.- recholdl-ard -tithLe-free Xtr&-e, in the paralaof EsA Titherley, neer Stockbridge.P-s Old Broad street. At the Mart, thls dy IV,rESSRS. PRIOKE-TT andSOSbgt noi the publia that the vatiousPROPERTlE detsdfrSL ,at the Mlart, for THIS DAY, will 'De Olferedintefolwngodr niamely:- Ist. A. Leasehold Property, comprising Nos. 11. IZ arnd 13. CrAseley. ztreet, Oslysnr,St. Panerax, producIng E100 15cr annum. * 2d. The Advo~rson of Whitchure,61 Herefrd~asbiis pleasantly riiuxlt os.the banks of thbriver Wye. 3d. A Freehold. Estate. consisting of Ga. Or. ISp. at building land,. situate at Musowell-hilI, Middlesex. 4th, A L"asebold Property, eaomprising seeen get; of 002ch-hooees, stablinig, aLnd dwelling-roomss, situate in Bomdary-mows, St. Joiners- Priculr- ma be bad at the Mart; and- of Ms.Pcktanud sons. olilces 34, SOutbatmptoo-buildings, Chancery-lane. Goad Opportunity for inv~estment. ~ . R.OUGHTON WMl SELL by AUCTION, ToMmorrow. Augusat 21, atIl for 2, at the Cimimerci.l-ball, kiges- read. Chelsea. a very next. well-built, eight-mroaed HOU SE, with gardema front and taract, aU in thoroughi repair, situate Ito. 6. Carolinepla ce, Queen-street, lhelsca,, lheld uponiease 63yeassnnuoc:Tred, ground rent Only' £6: IlCtat £28per annum. May be viewed. -artictuars to be hed at the place of sale;, of 3,fr. R. Pewanan. solicitor, 9, Old Jewrychambers, city; or at 'he :uctioneer'e offloes, Chelsea. Extensive brick-built Fnotory,with Gpncousyavd, Mno-street, Ring`s road Chelwua. liif. 0IIGHTON WMl §ELL by? AUCTION, at the IL Commercil ball, Ring's-roAd Ch sea, TD-morrow., August 21,atI fr ! y ode 0 th Mrtage, heLEASE (Slears unexsire, hed diectfromthe reeolde) oftheube,tasitial, narenly new, maker, engsineer, o others-reuirin space. Forui pariclas3 Pnd conm jpOUGRTOINTw SL by AUCTION,b order of the- Executrix and DevLsee of Mm,. Mlorey, decease at te CmmerialHalLKin'g-rad.Chelsea,To-raorrow, Aug~. 211st, at I yo mieZ i eaaoos SEV/EN sub3tanliet brick-built Eerenroomers HO 'Jiiff, with neat and well-Onirshed front elevations and pallleades ferming a haudsome terrree. situate Nos. 13. 14,1, 1.16, 17. 18. and 19, Shiawdeld-street, Ring's road, Chelsea, let (except twoj to respectable tenaula of long standing; held upon leate, 45 Seers uniexvired, at a ground rent of;£11 per annum for the seven liotues. ~Mav be viewed by content of the several tenants. Pasrticulars and ceniditionsof Fale may bre oh,pticed at theplare of male;-of Idr-. Guy, solicitor, 3, Cannon-row, Westminster; or of the aurtioneer. Fulbiam-road. Bromopton. and Julilee-terrace, Kfsg's~raort Cht`lsea., abouit amileoand three quaters from tho)e W Rt 1ull.vaStatio,n. 1JESSRS. BLAKE will SELL by- AUCTIONT, at M. Garraway'a. on *ridan' Aug. 2$, at 12, lie 000 lit, a, highly attractive- FIREEEIOLD EST.ATJevwith possession, in an elevate-I and salubrioT~ situiation : comprising a naewly-erecte, dlint and brick cottage rezi seice, of neat elevation, containing two sitting romai, entrance lobby, with porch. three chainbers, kitchen and ceUar. writh detached stable, chaise-house inetill plnnted garden,cerriaxr- drive, lawn, s-el oflin waer, nd eadw lnd; he hal rustituting an area e,f Wn h ra afodsmosth Sunvit ajingite'. foir tmrecto fadtoa eienSec. r LARtisay wit lanl B aE ebA1 asbfr the s raale) pon he resiseat, Agustrwy'so esr.Akn -ndels, solicitors, o Whte hart-cort ombad tet ado ess and anpritthworad Suley,adjn oining mbrredoGee en (wjY i i straribab'outt, Frida, ugst 28 atmpisin a su ratan ae residence, with planted groumds, canal, orn-amrents] ruslec bridges and bmlddigs, a done artesian well (fanning a fountain). stalm-lirg,g'coachhouse, and convenient out-buildinge, together with a highly c,rodnrtive merdovw.the wh .le coinprisng ac area of eight acrs nose in the Occ:1patinn of Mfr. RZo bert Sadler. whose tenancy wilt terminate on the completion of the purcbase: also a small ratic colltage, with garden and orchardl, five plots of bullsling lend, having cap-ital frontages of 1.201 feet, and comnprislirg sn ares of eight acres. 'now in garden cultivation, and adetacbei corner Plot of land, conitaining about 1* ogre, nearly opposite St. Clement DanesAlms-houses. Particular-armaybe had 114 dys before the sale) upon the prems: at the info in the neighbocurhood; at GarmwaZT's; the Artichoke- Inn, Itesington-caureway; of Msr.Cheate-ran Son, solicitors. Church-row, Newington-butta; and of Messrs. Bla-ke. Croyflon. Oxted, 'ury itrsu ato h ony-reodVilla Itesi- denre ihGrud n pak-ieian,tloterab-ant 23 acres (with poorselul ESSRS HAE wfil SELL by AUCTION at M. VGarraway's, Change-alley, on Friday, Augus;129, atU1, a esirable S'ItIfROLD ESTATE, kniown as Hall's Land, comprising a capital moderm-builtvillaresidene cotainig in principal and secon. dary bed rasanwae-let onx the casber dloors spaciono entrance hall, three receptian rooms, lone of which communicates with a con~crvatory,l gentlieman's room, and oon'renientdomnestio offices, with court-yard, in which is a pnmp of fine water ; siabling for four horses, coach-house. cow-hoises, do. The house has a ninth-western as,pect. andsotandasonanueminence commianding extonsivorsi beautifulyvers.s Itin approached by acarmiage drivre.and is principallysens-rounded by tastily Planted grounads, lawn end terrace walks. The meadow laud, whiich gradually descends from the house, in studded with oak timber, and the estate compricry, with two detached cottages and gardens, an area ofabout23 acres, The distance frDmthe Gomltone Statien on the Southn-Eastern Railway is about 34 asles, and from the village of Ozted about lmizle, rarticulars, srth plans,maybehadl14daysbefore the sae;- upon the pxomisce ; at Garmaway's : of M'esses. Drummonds, Robinson, ond Till, rolicitors Croydon , of William. Newman, Esq., solicitor. 19. Ltncoin's-inu-fdelds;, and of Mecos., Blak-e, Croydon. Frreehold FOablic IHemise, the Thatched Hlouse, Strand. XITENTOMru and SON Nwill SELL at the Mart, on SHR Fiay, 2 of Au=ut 1I56 at 12, ONE-T85IRD PART or SAEoE the above edesrble PRtOPERTY. formerly known us Nell Gwynne's Dairy, situate on the east side of Excthange-couirt, neary oposie Dieha-otret,and O, 4, Sran, in the liberties of Wesminter an wheb in1S5, aconideaton by wraY of a presnimo of 11, ws ive fraleae,for20yeas,atthe low rent of L7a per annu, oe tirdof hich £1, i ofere fosale, and the purchaser wil beenttlei t rceie te sme romth preomiss Particulars Etigible Investmenta.-Sinall Leaseholmi at Iason n vlai Life Interest and Policy of Insurance. '1/-E TOAIand SON will SELL, at the 1%rart, on V -rdy ugest 22, at 12, in lots, a compact LEASEHOLD PRtOPERtTY', consisting of two dwelling-basses, with gas-dens being Nos. 33 and 34, Bross-nlow-road, Queeaei-roacl. Dalston :-No. 31 inlt, te a reEnectable tenant, at L2t ; No, 33 ia in hana: the whole is held fec Sycssa ata sallgrond ent Alo avc-luable IAfe Intereot. proucig bou £4 pr anum aisig fema sues of Itedused Annuites,andpaybledosng he ifeof getleanu now in his 42d year, and Poicybr 005in he UionLif Amsuroreoffice, upon the samelife ausestpremum 15 1s, Prtiulanry be had ot Rteversion to One-tenjth Pact of £17,100. and a Life Policy for £2,000. 'JTENTO3Mv andl SON 'eill SELL, at the Mart0 on V Friday. Auscost 22, at 12, in two lots, the REFVERtSION of ONETENTH SHAIt of the REFSDUJAItY ESTATE of the late AlJen Perring. Req., of Norwood, o-alued at X17.600 and upwards, receivable on the decease of the sirms-lrer of two ladies, a-ged respectively 72 and 67, if Mr. Adomilali Sranyler, of Stonehaose, Plymouth, agedl. 44. ha th-n liv-ing,.with Conting~ent.Eight tofurtherBrhares by Survivecrlmip. Also a Policy of Assurnce on the lIfe of the same gentlemani, efected in Nqovember. I85. with the City of Glasgow Life Assurance andl Reversioniary Company fcnr£2,000, with partIcIpation in profits, by which the coinsassured has been already auigmented to £2,ffr, subject to the annual premiumofX6LOS . Sd. Printed particuilars maybebheelof.Messrs J. and J. . IL Intlater and Backwood, solicitors Sire-lane; and of Ventom and Son, Angel-court. Throgruorton-street. Valuable Freehold Estate, incluLding the Old George Inn, Tower-hill.- Plursuant to a Decre of the High Court of Chancery, muad inl a mause of Snowr v. Booth and ather.,' with the appimbation of the Judget whose Court the said cause is att&ced.s-liy THOMAS VEN ATl. l(the person appointedl to sell the same.) at the Auctio Mart, in the city of London, on Friday, the 2!d dsy of August, 1I6 at l2Ifer 1 o'clock in the aftermoon, inaone lot, TpHE Utc-sidlue or Remainder of a Term of 500 -years, JLconmmenring from the 8th day of ApriL 1824, at a peppercorn (subV ettothelifei.terettbereinof a ldady gedS4), of and in a timber-bauit 'reehold Resisdene, situate on the east side of Trinity-square and beingiNo. 32. Great Tower-hill ; ass equal undividled third-part of and in a freelirld timuber butilt messuage, called the Old George Inn being Ito. 31, Gmeat Tower-hill aforesaid ; and one equal undlividesa moiety of and in a brick-built mne=sngc, situate Ito. 30, Great Tower-hill aforesaid, late thelproperty of William HaMNpton, of the same place, de. ceased]. Printed Icutirulars may be had (gratis) on the pirenmises; at the Old George Inn ; of Messrs V~entom and Son, alucioneers. Angelcourt, Theogmorton-streot;. and ofMesses Blake anad Snow, 22, College-hilL Cannon-street west:. and at ithe Auction tart. Brentwood. Ewssx-Most Eigible Fteeholdi Land. R. PONSFORD is instructed to SELL by AUCMTO, at tio White HartInn, lBreotwooal, Tomorrow. .Auxust It. at 4 for 5 precisely. in the afteroon, 7a. 2r. IP. of FREE6 BOLD LAIOD, en an eleva,ted and comwoandieg situhtion, within about balf a mile of the tosvn of Bceni'twood and the railway station, fronlingthe sigh road to Lendei, mioat suitable for the erection ot villas and other houses, whiceh are much in demand sear Brentwood, whero thereoisa well endlowed grammar sshoiol, do. Also,reeveral plate of uilingl~nd,frolin te rad eadngto Warloy, within 308 yard oftheBretwod Rilwy Satin, 5thand plea-santly situate (thelan ta inredemed. Prtiulas, ithplans anid cnditions, meybhad f Mssrs RusellmmdDavis, olicitors to the vendor, Wse of Sheppy, Kent, near Sheerziese.-By M,essra, COBB, at the Start, so I?riday. Aumgut 22, at 12, in three lots. -XTALUABLE Freehold Landed Estates, comprisinig withadjacent lands, altzgether about 291 acrs of highly ProdUCtive arable, 1%stuire andl marsh Laud, wvith sub,tantial roomy fsrm-honse, occupying tho site of the ancient monmstery, the finest position to the isle of Sbeppy, with grand inland and sea, dews, excellent large garden, sad good premises ; a detached barn, &e.. and two cottages and gardens. The whole situate in the parish of Minlster, an the high road to the town,ot Sheerness, about 3 mies distant therefrom, and from the terminu.sof the.-r,oseSitUngto-umear.dSheerness Rail-way, orl5ring met reuoa eligible lropertica for investment or occuistion.Psesin a hb ad at Alrbaelmnas next. Particulars, with pln,may be had at tho Mfart: at the Inns at Sheerness'- the Crown Inn, iRocheter; and Bull Slttiti~bourne; of Mfessrs. ilugbes and Hooter, solicitors. I, St. §withins-Isne; of Mr. Edward Hook-er, Solicitor, Sheerness, and of Mdeass. Cobb, snrveyera anxd land agents, 16. Lincoln's-inn-delds, and roe-ester, Rent. East Net.-Veluable Freehold Relate, [JJpSSRS. (iO ULDBN and SONhaercid n ituMn o offer for SALE by public A'UCTION,. at the Auo. tion Meat, Freemasons' Tavern, Camterhun'. on Satorday, August 30, attol ,m precisely, theST'ELLING-LDI AtdadLNS eligibly situte, near the church, in the village of Stellieg. Kent, within seven miles of the city of Canterbury. The estate coniles of a nab- nlstial frm-house, exeellent'farm-bulduings. garden, orchardl, bamyadstock-yard, and a double cottage, together with lq9a. 3r. 1Hp- of srab..andpasture land, lying together, aud io a good elate of cultiratian, The fwar-buildincs are Onana extenelve scle, they are newlybuilt after the most approved fsaabion, and are very convenienut in eves- respect, They consist, of a large barn, ztables, marhine iodge, bullock lodges, steaming-hiouse, manure shed, liquid manure tank, Large coasthens-' fowl-house, iggerles, and otherbuildingg, The apparatus conneen2with thoe bui5.gs Is of first-raol chamacter. There is an excel- Elegant Marine Residence. on the eastern coast, at Corton, near lowestoft, Suffolk. 1I3 SSRS. BUTCHER respectfUlly announce that .17* they aro instructoedto offerfors B E,by pubi c CO3PETITfON, at the Royal Hots), Lowestolt, on Wednesday. August 27. at2 i the afternoon tlevalnable and delightfly-situate PriOPERTY, known as Clff Bouso the residence of Ti. .Birkett, Feq., at OCrton, within tiwnouilen of the fashionable andimproving sea-porstownof Lowestoafand seven miles of Great Yarmouth; comnprisng alandrsomem a submatislly erected brick and stone mansion, in the Elizabethan and Sviss style of. architectotre, with chamniug plcsmuoe grounds aun sbrubbery, romantically situate on the thff, at an delvatmon of about 100 feet from tho eCs, commanding grand and estenaive vdews of marine and-inland scenery. uneq ed on tho eastern coast, and rendered doubly Interesting by several hundred vessels, daily pasgirg in close proxdmity to the shore, Themausionhabbeenuerectedwlthina ihelastl0yors, and contains a richly carrerornamentedporcher trance with bold tw;sted oak column entranoe-hall and staircase, With twisted pillars, and surTmounted with carred figures; drawingand I rrorning rooms, facing the sea, com-samnicatteg vith-each other. And measuring toget1her about 46-ft. by 22-ft.; - dining room.24-It. by 18-ft. * . library', housekeeper'a room. siSx specious family bed rooms, two dreee.| lag rooams bath room, three bea rooms for domaestics, water-doosettwo well-fitted kitchens, butle* and cookS pantries, cina cloet. wine and ale cella larder. Ae, an enclesed comurt yard, with coDa and wood; home . e The ollces are Jadiciously placed and of a superior characer-; they conFist of a speciou carriage-house, three-tall stable, looze bor, two other stable hasmen room, with hayloft, aindnmiun. servant's room. - The ga-rdens and -plea-- vrounde ase tasefulyI 1lid out, and diversified with numuoerous Porerres of flowers and choico- I b ne Tbereare two Tinerisa and a pottin-houms. On the edke of thcdHF is a broad gravelled terrsce walk, overlooking the "eian OCean -and the -grounds, inCludig an. nuddulated e tahoeexte down to tbe fne sandy beach The reighbourhood fsa hiy dtcsisa:'le onee and the e rity of Ooreton annqUetosabls. aid thvis an abunitnt supply of the pues spring wals-. The nasaln bber. Wt aboss-etloaedOeueiS55xlD sat aboout dive we -i It3eaol,L There' as aa land-tax, and t1 lirchia ag* aro sianet aOmJaa F^ pfetiulasand ea nditSosi ot 'ea apply is Yagm (^roiery)=Ld,r- "do.,golii 7, 5.OS rle.n4reaf IAdS; t~ IKo a JdssS fb w rrscb~~~~~~~~~~ J (kr-n jOs Xeott, 1~1'MABIH biawrooeivedjnaruoticunm from the exe- cerlt-Orf tiac Oats5 TiSOSa POetl. ls.. fe BLL !W AUOnOIOT at the Xart, To-mro. APAV the,2sat, at -Man seiga&" i1eweab, Xlsver-~hil Grenbth, Xet,o~wlokmgtleiver Tiaxwu6 wihia a tlcnarrwit conitins f aeStae dMI onMe the' am ofMemosT IOTr Ksrep u MeTo-soan, AOtoig. hunt andvalu..able OOPYnrL, ET,hAeTete, oD boe Thareehl loyeal tinstmo, Curg,'. iNR MARSH has received instructions to SELL by, A'UCTI0If. at the Mart, To-morrow, Aug. the1st, at 12, in eun-. IOa"VFNt ad alabe OOHOLDbrbk5biAEIDEN.Eoo Iinng theTNse% Freaa eo hold siuate in l aoand, ie r,oadts. nmsdgen AiPn w minuts' halso h reCilwainstration, fern to thEL bno capSithlandrent. erpsea eligeblet fpor theeecosn for a:,teremnmt,a 1st Mves-,Tioedt May pertieulad, a td plasartbdtaced. ofta - ti th, Meneart theob Mart;lon the. prmier the prEnuie.Linonaltelnlf;Toal of MAnr-err. Meymt Koing'itoad; 8a6d lat kfuiaX=-nVd aodMesl.Maarh ,ottc-ro. 2,Caiot-ndan-,boua.eo-oe MR MARSH has received i~atrMctilong tromSL by TILL a AUtION atMart. omro, To-motrro. 21g. a1t, 1infor1ot, ineryh detasiEYle IXREEHOLDbESTAMbcomprESWngCadwll,grousne and business6,37 prei, ILtePard,Smt-treet, 6aphae-ro.& inChelsa 0uatihor oftur fr.m Wilsanesqa, wiroducbing anentales inth £32rear, annc-umt dwellingvue,y No. 57e oprkorxtcnteje ao dwingratise mvemndtau, sla premseaa'ltateome of theteunan. qkrand: paticotags,wit sonjoiitnghaofelalueeobtined an AMmpofe rohntalto , X.q. 2,L pew-an TroebldGrun Rens de,nln tol; I.S112 onrithame p.-tcbx.e,anurgt 3 2, L 1anosPer arn,Rng's-road anwed Gtlroundent oslEe 42,M Carlonero, anansion-eahoudrs,u MARSH has ieceivedistructiorns to SELL" by IL, OlUTION, at the Mlar To-morrow. Augus the 21st, st12in4 lntwteollots rRPELOTLS of u rebloBILdfG-,LdetJ p,ormntg luSit3g troet.. vray mreligiredufor heerctoan-of stu,tainereidencer. racyevsed and Xgs-riooe attrsea-thplask Pttaeheal obtenest CarqMa2st; of Jphr artn,num,oe 2b ne-tlsquare, Lupolaa inn;ushor. Lrine,Ss-s.r, 1.m MElr-opbat-lhatle, Rthemhpte:. seveairale hos,i lotte-row. hansiron-hiouse. h~esndt~epem-lte.d M;3ARSH has received iustruction rm h TO.AtChohr,TIo-motbe'rro, Au. Th-m21st- Aut 12, nflote,atro. lotsirable LASEE10LI) WLSTAT OUES omrsiga ielling-ho an1d buin res-stprEmis, Iuttn;tItParelloa,lurasehsm Sor.ey, i 1he occ2pation 2, 23M2r2. 27.laS,wt stabling and 3,Prk-traee nthe Bromeyr; aMdlek.bni ad Sevilghuen Delng-oas o. . 57, Frk-resen a 9dwelinghc Iand Vuoitn-esrat mobuntingto £144 phera closue andele iic hold forlogtso,t lowg termnd tmletgudrents . Myaho viwed;dand n rticularawtcodtosofasle ohdtaonsedat the Mert;neo the r1u lpremis; Rigt tHead P1ar;o e-asued StfofrA. Gisbati Te&-Lsolicitorm313. trecui-hngba-test, Tempe' Ma Youngi.MPark- soad;an a l2 , rhwslotties, 2AT, Chrotte-ow,ila aton-house.mton: 1I,.'MARSH hias received intructions to S-ELL b MYJAUCTION7, at the Mark To-morrowr, Aug.stthe 2lst at2 iI a leoss te frollteowngPRomprisTing :-Nreo.ld Gwound rrots, armtount.. roteans Aiis'rov, Bttesespar; Prseualestant Celam.os £36 2o, ltd. ~ ~ ~ ~ 'f .5 per annum, oe hnatysorduo 3suei ltoherith-sl-ee, ad vneu whrro envoter pedm;nisesticteadjoinng eigheucood;aLeoebod Ooun Reoth f£ er annum, r encoed iponi elt-uil houes, sitateinGeld;atndoat e-treet ~~l, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house.n hud Leseol nestolds.-Homn ad ewpon,rt-malet. adCesa by UCIO, tthMat,Tomorow Ag.The ON, atl2in lots, INE LASEIIILI) WELLEG Hintwo,lotaprdeisng 16 in Coss-tree, ilnseton;ltflehin.bo St Nr,a17, let 19. 20, 21, 22,23,24,0, 7. 8, 0,1, nd 2, 'r-oteetuBemly aiddleopseI: and evenDweling-onse, No. 4 , 6,7 5 an 10. Bitten-17treet Itobrt-tret, helea.clos toCheseaCAneb' hedifor ong trerm, itOns ofe stald obtainedb onero the prem tees; atde the )aTM of theos end t r Marh's latee,2 Chrotte-roe'. Easqo-oue MR. LARSHV hawrcived instryUCTIOn N,to tELL b 1 MaUCtIO, onTthe Mary omorw August 2at1,the2wllsu, tLE AS gentel tIcIDE7CF plesanly nd eetchrfully rituateashr theimedlaelocaity f Onsow ad TlsrlCerenamestand plaam, crecen: lt t a eryespetale enat, staenal ofth £0 per annum end eldfora tem o 55reao an 93day frmbe.M idsummer, 1510. thelowgrond en of£7 er nnm. ife beviwed, bod partison uda withonditonsosalehiaiedontheGrelies; qat hart; of F.e Wo. P5esnnt ChrwodAset.,wslctor.2 Pnlincoi'-ined;n aer ldarls' ofice i Chrlte-row,a fansioren-houe 1I,1. LREWwil SEL byASC OL b t theecetedLEAEHOD 1REMSES copriingeigtCsal stbe, double, coahisl-hrouse, ihdooligromst andlotovr situai G E E wl EL yalCTOL , b t AUhe s,n hrsa, uu t 2.at1,in w os eiai F iREoLD BOOE 23.ies Nookinghamstsl-geSrond, leamton las an £35uery annumaso zoely,bore of the FreeholdtHonesandShp Ith usefpot-coURt, lTUet tompr. PayfodrPoat £ieandiron Mroc bedisteWL bedner-sret atd the umalt and ohmbrfitthe ncses ofer mabosgaon-catien Hasorstead-roadno.r-rm ;an Cu te Prtlnd stae, b orer f te Tostes, ude th Walnd 24, lneatemh ents. Gocstq-te. emokctt I IV~isron ~ wiUj SELL by AUCTION, atth rrv,August 21s. at 12,th wlbinlot-No L 2ASE Quelt)?ar,i hc thloomsburyleto at lun Per henlmsibeen s tceafleya-niedfor -0emgrandyees cmmading. Xs.tuat,2 andreing So. Lu8, letar'nwtendsreetg cmorner g of ieX19ter-nannumS belafzraeuexp; hodtforman uneepred ateem rof 2 n1ens'o,tthe isv roun rent ofto,,endy lets aountlsg to Mr. Whier,v!uanh1ce, iglyrneep-ertSt.leatens-ant, att£*5 per annum.l6pMaybeuiwedbopysperI txsion and parttiolearsehsforE.TRea,grounlientx'~ or,16, Glden-1Iqore; tth Martmadofteactoeryard inuenqur etlon-sbt' reetcinHamysteadroanearn tore of a familymet removred,4 LY.LIONonie Ivcsse asaboe, n Tusay.a ArugusrPt of, atO1 preciely, OUSEHLD FRNITUE andEFFroTS rn of th mat desriticeon. hlWythdrawedmoragofSale,oCataeogues oftAuguromiss; ndo th autinee, 3 Pot-sreu, engrvsquare, hands Seleraerod tuePaofolw.rten, adEfcs AF5 SRSE. GOR LTOM IT wvll SELLLb AbyTIU- aY.tIGOrr,oth ay's ise To-oro. 17, T 21ist Iegroie,fBrompton, o Tbsly Aieco-"s t1pecsl,b re of the Administrator,f the ltAr oaAl. ucsirbefuLEASEHOLD ESE, comprising forpsadrnFenchose bedteds and ofa, i hose-air nd eater.leoandorse ous gtables, a- hognyorrtaie bokes- caita Brsses crptshan rus, lchlimney o gas amp, ion ordn rle, ad efecs. ray beuiewedonbeda atte ies ofuthe acinee,, EsPont-Itreetulelgase-sqand. ad 4 MESRS BNDwi SELL by AUCTION,t ILt Garrawray's, To-morrow. Aigut 21st at I1reisl, inon lots oS, vauableSTFR-EE t.-LD QTATA qared Smoiab Gins, oletea Lg per annum subjecet tometad,bl a 1yaslease, for £7 eaa ron en 2 Ns 2-I 2a,0.nudliyAt. Ba3ltcstreletand whch 10. expire2in3.1fe cadI.m Thsel strdewedbyt.Lue's,letat heteslsyrets amunptingtolaISP itperannum, Thel fror ndCunep,e ter ond 2 Gcom,at aground-srent. ofe42.qThe thouseso Cthe. anlorhsder of Lttle Moray'i-Thesiwdinro, Si. actins-re, leat atweklyrenof ramo untrintor PlatedrAxnmN2Tidvrel'-r or Wne, jett leasLesgor7 theas grmound rent, Great ros251.andst11e, Great Oinrme,d-ysrdm Quee.nsuae BlonE,Auunstuy rdcn £104 perh aedtnGf enwelyB cmresntsgujc tho lurnsesr for 25 years aagroum~cnd rent of £15n. mad-e Seandish mheinocnrs, Axabioy -ons, paoducingansie Frenth obe£4 pterannu, subtectatos a lhan &suerfor0 years,t an groudirnt. ofa £10 mbogo7 ary's-pardo,che.stamofed-road,pmroducingoi weeklytrnts £25 dtrennug. subjes,cto anlas fore 3glaes, atha grotends rfout ofawi. zoom pr,onsticnlrs ofa Mnbedhma at daorway curtandofbte autiones Messras. Bond, piort glondon ct Autonf ar,Caeoscn-d,rod~ ling's. otier sof&4 Wubehd arswat ores. BO.Ifthre slet onSpanish maofAgust. otIIer Hieourse,afo r28, t Gloestar-stwretngdito,Quee-sure hagos, Lbet rsEenlisp fpiaey and isdemise hapt~fnereby firedrasn fro theetct ofj athsmkn Gsand'clu Tomorr%ow,nAugstb 21, aet ieesse in S1alots, buay dirTetin ofate coerdminiUtraeebfthie lnetgas chamndelers an Richard-sret, oitherwiserlare-street, onlabe ofl the bat oalitieslfo business.l T - ol prouce as let -- r £jrranm ob viewedon tbo !ridzy and Saturday be-ore the sale, wken catalog.-se may be bad, at Gd. each,. on the premises;- and at the offices of the ansiloneer, 1, Mount-street, Borkeley-sqosare Valuable Old Policy, in the Arena Life-Assurance Company, for £esA., upon the life of the Ron. WVilliam Pole Tylney long Wellesley, now the Reel of Ilorn;ngton, aged 65, 1IF,ARBE R wfi SEL'L by A-UCTTON, att theILl. Maet. on Wednesday, September 3. at -12, by order of the as-. sigee o PS.Pekis,a hanlcrpt, a POLICY of ASSURtANIE No. 5,yCurh-courmt, Clemtents-inn;wnd& ofwthe actoPneer to Bount hFAUTCTIONh, at the-Worka, Botbechithe,`-near thes Grad Sar Cana). on Monday, September.15, at 11, n loy'ihu rsre h PLA4NT; Tools and.Btares, ilO-inels back-gearct lathe, self-acting; vertical drillingmoachine, coo smal1erdriling macbisse daubls.:~stioscrewing machine, &horae power rieaoe,enoine and iole, shaftin0z- iiggese, nd-drivinzgo£ar. rcreeandhbencbea rets ADcks, ta a- die-Ldztalp OLatteabs'a eelaib e, 2- driving-wtseeja lct hand poster.'wood patterns, 2 powerful punebiegan s5~lee,a new SOhorase power warino.boiler with 8-ineb tuber, case ditto, the fel1ow, aecokd-hacid. 2 shipe' boats, the Fir King bulk.-.U2j -fe ot over Alt 19 feet beam, builtisy Fleteher, copper, bDited; 175 ne -ineb. beiler tabos ltuabedl'eS leet and 8 leet long, erig hi warps, I new tapwin,sll,c ainin, rn 3coain,- g eachain, redandheiro,- evraltouofamyi tres bona ofi AUCTLO4 at immwa's. imm Tbe Anga1 1 ~dW1,le ka' M UCTIN.?a atwaXTm SAiR SELLt TeST AMUCRS jUIPROIKRDAY, -4, 8tamf0 at4v at, Vt.e (1-1 Absrauut&s, ZhausWel 7~jESSS. CRATER.;and S3N- will SELL :br N. at arss.5,'5,THIS DAY. Augst2,at 1 ihicapitl WXN and PIRI E3AL1HENT.-4. Starafts,.sereet, SubTo a. KinemA4n.-og eser d .ta LrELSL.. LRATWISE will 5OBL Wi bEtLL bys-- theJ, atasigo ia-ws'stabDle Auut2 a 2 6o. sS -ke, aTp-oTriigowAThads lut.Ol ee fthe w A towg Ses.ttone.- Kull, 1w aot Oteer saved frons the Ilat fire at3lesc.Dbs idMa as a o viewed. and cautaogutee bad of Mh IA. eI,15 letsast To Drapers, Outtitters, hippers. Stoc uss HENRY FOSTER-Wil 8ELLbACTO, 3111,DA, th ttut.acflongay tocokageset andi extensire STOCK of RPR n.WOLEgGOS carpetings droggets an h teton0 h e-s sseily directed to this sale. as th 'Whole of the stock ilesodituthe leastreserre. Oaview Tuesdy,'whenmtlgc ab a. SU. Park-I sot, ponton-road.8 rt7 ' MR. C.FURBERWill SELi5 by AUCTIOWN1 at;: DAm W l toveadei To-morrow, August the 21st, at 120 for., a-. w DRA'IILN-GBOOMS91=TE in ro_ewno, Brussels carpetg,: diuih 'nView. MY M'cDO2XALD will SELL by AUCTION, -att;. row,the GloeasterI o,Portmstnaqnar,e, Tills DAY and To-mor-- raw.theelea.tundo&stly FcUR' MTURE, muusical inslumieale, nioble pierana chimney glruEe,chandeliers bronzeskt. e.includintthe. MaLrli horKee. taiperior ;lated taLble artisie., china, share, linen, ant~effctswit te Iuefns ineret I te laseofthe eligible psiende.-_ CaLtalogues to be hadton theoimemoi*es, and at the auctioneer's offioee. 41, Baker-strest. Portinaa-sqnare. Handsome new Furnitur &nd Efferbn ofteCokrcs.Upe- lIaMtford,nearthe WindsorandSo WserLns the legat an useul KPEOS, pplid olylat year, au neeed, in he igh be roms dr¶vigrunr,dinngroom, study, hail, AiiMY _t .f.E SHUTTLEWOE.TH wil SELL~.by- ,LtL AUCTION, on the Pre'nises, £0. Weatbourne.;-%rk`VuI1w-oa. Wssdnesdey, Auruat02l, at 12, the genuin FUSMITURE, of am cizht--' roomedl honme, neisding of the usualbedemnuber and sittLing -loom, aPpenda1ea,asmall qusntity ofchina and glais, fewdosen ofbrowns, Sherry, culinary utensil,, &c. May be nTiwed, the day PreVIDus And. mnorniing of Sale. 'Catalogues had on the premises; nd, of 2ar.: G. :E_. Shattlewortb, 31, lichulae-lane, earIbd-esreet, reusoved from 32,. Kent.-Northl Cray.-Thse Xount XRO&as :Farrm,-=Impoelat -Saleo of live un ed Stock, and thevalluable Farm tobelt.. - ra1~ppedoge ofthIsIlrt.csss arm Thedul psthilas wiollbe ad-. vertsed t anearl dat.-Actls andestae agncyoffices, 14-. To Shlpbuildero, Timber -Merchants, and COnraeore-utc Weed-, and Htow WVood, Debden. Newport Station. _rfE$SPS. RL. D?. and B. T. TifURGOOD are ia- .ILstrncetcd by thesespecttveTxlo,prietiors to SELL bYAUCT1QN. at the Ros ad Crovn Inn, Newpo.-t, on Wednesday Aug. 27, at Z The, 518 OAK TimbIfr Fitings of ) svash the,iem it,I~ e: d SSRllokeplngi It lots and20 TEadaLf pWMOdiSErLLoby Luhesetree are generll vergustraighat ILdo accouperior h ualty; somoIoa(remexcedinrly Dieptree,do lare maetienos and asoluted faren,uticavaurbleseas. roneituRAL ntilsdceserxal. Cataouke6 maybe" had ant. ),tr B.T. hurood lan, tmbe, ad e titembery endscak, Saerh Trausrt ervic tod FuntheCIe Mi/FE LSIS isOR dir ntd to ML l SELL by - R. k AUTION,ia threctedluobyidge PhrfCoprietr, hoia- Laroetl,oni ito th A ougutr25. at ,on accoun of AUTION nu Ltre lon(emoved a frome DpTo,dmorrw convestenc and 12absolut sral)thol vandoluaber BEDSTnEdADS.L ino deals,r blank, washttens, droendg. linngborede hnroroce decksu, chsmteing.lqarterpiang,ortimber dt ok, fen Amrericnash, 40 fowsatd homiclean &ewod andy ae iewdrge asortentot~ Wreein and muniaofsae CtloguesbdaMr-et?ofce . Tolteyprenties clouethMoaccureand Tremet.-auctionerkeers,4 s,lumfie-tirWDelet,ct.. x oh T HILLandSho ManudaStNrers,IeainstDealer,d byMers.srs. JL HiRanLakelhepturser an Furituroery. eScmln IIIR LL .1is1 direcolaltedain) to SELL b r,th AU TIONse, . JJ.e Grsso.2,paarsTon-er aned Factu India- road.tecmuretaltroed.east mon kte' Aug.t 22, at 12, th hlf t heeaiIn SOC,bin eIxTUIct cnV fittien uimerlsIng men's aodseoyld Wellinton, lancher,eand COrtvec good. aypbe veedypeedingths .CaaL-sayuehdmon of sale. prmseslog7 had on the premisners; n J. Ather ofice ofitheburiucr.lOMnois BerosCusdcsey~ u-0s N oDecauntersld k.Firnitl abdoEuzects.un Tese r.e SEie.teLw is firethedb treiate Prolisposrd wof.IQ, remus-m intoR the OADy win SELL by A onteN, xie sth saoe, Torem enes, Augoro.ust 1,st Li, mah2 ogany txhes end other adeaer BESTAS.d goosether beds, mauelhot cund a dresin tables, anl bofzeraheanydeinis cng tablesaO cgapitalesdining Lrtinles ofe cvereu ad in soroco eatho er uer,iomeygar, pi-ganoore dsoats,eM nderg dlretirancl-1 ol Mandu chicens, to.maye be. vniewed zhed monn e ancstrnrl m I.'ssree.-T CtalP.ver3Onee the Funtrem Deralers andoches`,.. Lros ityLucion andiae cON 0res28 insou3ted: y esrs 11111l aneodEsLate. hePlrcaseors o thssx properatyuderoSchaudolin- andr'ebskrntcngaftaviewra te eplnitir clperrchaeoorthepatemis. beorinecostesnelt etniealeain) oSL, ntePeie, terasshorrperTavern anWd Dnngsav Setoums, ratcechur tohlostr, To- sorrow, augsbe,d tf. h FRE hL OlTAEo thE valuabe Iknown as,fictmindeuenills, inetrad tho Cuseho funditure,1 alnu nd eecs,on view-- contempdaytreedingibe sante.onrat- maysow bEha conthen piremisesan m-n,dio h acrnseng . ard blezyplatre,ms.nshu orey. ficz; a Handsoe Sinerateu Lamp, msgnt-'2tt ogds 2Chanelihers, m-, densChlandelabra,hond-elsie mecnte.-rs, te.-nal dabeoluse a,Sridun rsreSale, th Lek s Nofth thePremis ad es beint.ipoe f, ESSRS.PETEG Btand Co.l arELLiby AclCtTIELL. M41 on the AremIses, thomorroo.lAugust 2 y. At fr_27,ath reaining portionm oftheetbensv L AnFIODveyco ESTOECK I nTcd. ofaneine ntilas B esttend arm; comprigosino tevewydesripti,onof brooam and china muanertbeor,thall.5andootherim.mpediuatleen ocupt-lone or-a mJaul,andbronze ouhandelie-rs,andelabrao,giandoles oon.uparticles ofam vexcrtn,tandanasat-,e ofo vteryl soupesat ue-l.n beesguters, Mddle, claret, and ChampGrifne treetumblers Oco.ie On vie schoo day aurior blLhtd temngt sale.1 C1tloue on thear preamillFres,oad a HousPeterBoSWscil, t AluvAton anoduaecy n;i3alees, 2 e$, hle aotheabo. properabies afr in goldEstee,pair.thwyssex exoeerat mderatelandts, tbe orc-u otesalcptls.awUs-ie investment. n aefr alFouesl. Elalerisietedb t~mo SELLorby AUCvtIONtrl adleriprays ontcua hedneoay Sept12 aTiure andwhamberlainRi BcmodillaIis,rnet;ar theChurchondtiti 10; minutf essmai ofg akoCo.anteronaedrsailaystatiyon at P,isismtw. each cntainshlve cam-. hers,gdrain, dinint, andCbreakidLrh.Bomds. addmetC ofEaceS; las. andolRosepmudnCrowgdns othe-wholery abfout 2 good 2T prches; iugus the c.rat3ion nfhbehiyr-echootaeyaTrlystenantsdat £45 andtLISpe lannum.. Also a. tEostrey carpnte wokhoothetctagsot buligsA n yardsble djoining; letat% rentsasinlg toaU p1a5pe anoLstus latdiGrdeayin themtaes, Ma bh erie viewed by lheavex Sofurhe ts-nantesidande,particularsdit alns obtained1p of Thom aasbl'eadretureq.. 0,d Anehimehsretau atree.- d recntih',o rthepoperty; a-iGaresdr,. wands aronds attiredofle kownthe atthone,1. !aifldn rieare- cferng Fravubehopldeand laasfordanventmertrWBr2naunandith oeroate Surrey,, torenrwwihekse conieraublerad am1Indome.Al Frent.I rm MKeStSRS.PUG anebod Co.tte nare tirectedu tof SELL by -NJRpubJ. APPCTIO antrutdb the Mar.onpedesayeAt.27 ath 12, a PAI s'ofnsemi-emotachhryed ESHLD REiDtEpaCEtS,E1Lnd , F'CIneOilas at therSt-ar an rowntiguou Goutherstnow ridge onelet,at 40 at ienr and fthe o thert for0 th Tmerydizatle OcPatIon of a cogspetatl of amy agetnteel bres-billd4ence, oont1,lni.ussll-erbe,l~ rtoomsand-road,Lnchbroundiigh-rand, drxtnring theoccupdtioen, of a hue,lln wtenanlmt;two Feehl pouses at xeal,en ceingNo lay bard-,leandet anluid 17.gr,ain-etpretoductocupiede.as abscool by ancrsots-. excallen t Ameiwockau producin £13d ayr.Te holei mofste dabove prtgtopertie soatin godrepair,tofthesr hlet.atover modratet, theytrp od preient to thedrsmall ispielit sellred I tenvestmndeast. andar foralarutsasoe. ofla bte moiewltuedqby pdermisn o the respctire tenhan;ts, Isaotaqanddsrptrer r,sa-lnlasha fof the urhs.n fesrell and Chambelahn, M0 arnStaghl-tronetn ate Sth-eAuctionMart;wand t tfhessrs.e Pnge.n londn, Fxesrb, ad CaendihB TMesrs.COdEand the , an(t the Roe andCrownHotel.Sudhay, Sufolk,on Thuod peyci Auest lateR, A. Allen. Rsq.ifeine lots, ~jVauabl FreholdEstte, Ielow us alls Farm, sitateat rea Rnne. otlrfetli baks fche ivers eer,. hell, ad ca behan-played as a pianoforte (altoAether an extraurdi nary and costly Pieo Or meebanisml. dia,ls and timepieces, slx.oolave~ grad pianoforte by Wornum, barrel orga in maple cas1 U-ird b herud ta'ble by Taurnton, china, cot-glass bandsoaa. doube dog-cart, single ditto, a strong two-hom rsehek or pir-nIc Carriage (in excoellencondition), double and single haress, saddles. bridle.., whimps,reenbouse olsats,three cowsi ucal%l; heenad labs,a capitalbay ob.- demestie poultry, abu& loso oohy hf-uteswoncuhr several loin Of firewOOdi, about -200 hun-de, and a variety of otbereffects, The lireariddeadasledek, grenhos pla&nt.,out-door eltec-ta and kitchen requisites, iviltlobe soldthe ufrtdy.Csaoni ui badon nd fte lie 1th fAnust itset on the premifses; at the gi~Inn, Itolvgpnden; 'the Lionl Inn, Teuterdean; ard at the ZuILaad~ Gear-ge bInns, Cranbe-cok. -- TiEenn,at 6 to the lnunte.-'Prints, D3riwsegs Household Fur- nture. and GeneralMiselaaneousEffects.-- - MEASISJONES and- BONHLAM rill SELV2 b-v A-CIN, at theIr gret pooms. It and 12, Lietrsce, THIS EVENING, aLt 6, quantity of PHINTS and DRAWINGS. Many' frAMed (ad glrdh.e clsad egt,tgte li Feurerdal oeietsusaoua effects in ab-daws.o -Tz-rwerrOs'-at theaie.-, clour, uweul Household Frnmitue ~in great -s.ritety. sad on Prisagy,. -L COIlcI'on Of Piotursby old and modmern ma . Oreview, and oat%- An'~-BAtNS Will BELL .by AU40TION. .w:above. Fyski the mokes. fO~atelHa P fwouv5rasal aas, te.-
