D-RATHS. On the 8th inst.. Mr. Robert Haynes, of Wiudmili-street, Gravesend, aged 77. On the Sth inst.. at Axinzgh. Captain John Robert Graham Pattison, 2d War-wick Regiment, for-erly Captain in Her Majesty's 18th Regiment, in which he served through aU the late var in India, only sou of the late Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander Hope Fattison, u., Cornmatder of the Forces in the Bahamas. On the 14th inat., at 16 Osborne-terrace, Clapham-road, aged 43, Agnes Moss, tife of Mr. Thes. Besley. On the 16th inst., aged 65, Sarah, the wife of Snml. Travis, asq., of Derby. OC the 17th inst., at South-hill, Jane MLargaret, eldest daughterof Thomas I.. KeUy, ot lower Gardiner-street Dublin. R.I.P. On Sunday. the 18th inst., at the Marine Ilotel, Wosthing, Laton, second zon of Thomas Frewven, Esq., of Brickw-al House, Northiam, aged 16 years. On the 18th inst., a' No. 16, Camden-square. Camberwell, Diary Ann, th6 beloved and affectionate wife of .3dr. George Burch Beagin, after loDg and intense suffering. borne wvith true Christian fortitude and plous resignation, iH her 64th year. On the 18th inst.. aged 75. at Goldthorn-hbil, Wolverhampton, after a painful illness, borne by Christian fortitude, Hannah, relict of the late .1r. Thomas Smith, formerly of Cappontield Iron voris, Bi ston, t taffordshire. On the l9th inst.. at iNEddle. Isle of Man, Marianne Isabel, only edild of the late Ft NV. Hutton, Esq., aged 2 years and 9 months. On the 19th inst., at Bath, John Raoey. Req., aged 7T late of Quebec, lower Canada. On the 1'th inst., at St. Omer, aged 15, Elizabeth Clara, eldest daughter of Ms. HL G. Brown, late of Upper Thames-street, and Higham-hilL Walthamstow. On the 19th inst., at Qaeen's-terrace, Qtueen's-road, Eayswater, after a short illneses of congestion of the liver, John Raikes 3ayly, Esq., iate of Deviszes. lVta. On the 20th inst., at Upper Tooting, Mrs. Robert Brandt, eldest daughter ot the late G. Matycieff, Esq. On the 21st inst., at South Cottage, Brixton, the residenceof her brother-in-law, in the 35th year of her age, Ann, the beloved vife of htr. Beni. Fox Watkins, of Can2on-street, city, and third daughter of MIr. Leathwait,of Clapham-rise. On the moxring of the 21st inst. iu Lombard-street, swldenly, in his E9th year, Mr. John Biddulph, clerktoat.rsus. Ba:rclay. Bovan, Tritton, aLd Co., having a few months since completed a faithful serice of 50 yeara. On the 2d inst, FredericKinder, E3q., aged 3S, late of No. 13, Lan downe-road, Kensington-park, Rotting-hill. Ot aThursday, the °2d inst., at No. 8. Union-street, Souathwarkt after a veryshort illness, Mary Ann, -da-sghterof the late Capt. Wiliam Applegath. HLC.S., and wife of George Gvilt, Esq., in her lid year.
THE ALLEGED POISONINGS AT RUCGELEY. TRIAL OF W. PALMER. I CENTRAL CRIIAL COURT, MI&,Y 22. On the resumption of this case this morning the court was, as usual, densely crowded, and all its avenues were beset by eager applicants for admission. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge was among the distinguished persons who were accommodated with seats upon the bench. The learned Judges, Lord Campbell, Mr. Baron Alderson, and Mr. Justice Cresswell, took their seats at 10 o'clockl The prisoner was at once placed at the bar. His demeanour was, as on the previous days of his trial, cal-m and attentive, but betrayed no additional anxiety. Immediately after the learned Judges took their seats, Lord CA3WBELL said, before the proceedings commence I must express a most earnest hope that until this trial is concluded the public journals will continue to abstain from any comments uponthe merits of the case, or upon any part of the evidence. The propriety of this course is so obvious as to need no explanation. This warning ought to extend to the insertion of letters as much as to that of editorial articles. Thomas teunneley, examined by Mr. GBto'VX.-I am Fellow of the College of Surgeons, and Professor of Surgery at the Leeds School of Medicine. I am also a member of several medical and learned societies, foreign and English, and have been in practice between 20 and 30 years. I have a large practice, and have seen cases of both traumatic and idiopathic tetanus. Of the latter disease I have seen four cases. They did not all commence with lockjaw. One did not commence so, nor did lockjaw become so niarked in it as to prevent swallowing once during the course of the disease. I have heard the evidence as to the symptoms of Cook, and had previously read the depositions as to that part of the case. Judging from those symptoms, I am of opinion that death was caused by some convulsive disease. I found that opinion upon the symptoms described in the depositions and the evidence before the Court. Lord CuasiBELL said that the witness could only be examined as to his opinion founded upon the vivd ?oce evidence before the Court. Mr. Gnovx said that his object vas to distinguish between the opinion founded on the viv& voce evidence and that founded on the depositions. Examination continued.-From the symptoms described I by the witnesses in court I am of opinion that death was caused by some convulsive disease. Looldng at Cook's general state of health- Mr. Baron ALDERSON.-You have nothing to do with that. You must only give an opinion upon the symptoms described in evidence. Examination continued by Mr. Serjeant SirEE.-I have been in court during the whole of the trial. I have heard the evidence as to the symptoms of Mr. Cook's health previous to his final attack at Rugeley, the description oi the actual symptoms during the paroxysms, and the appearance of the body on the post saorterz examination. Do you remember the account of the syphilitic sores? The ATTor.NEY-GE?cERAL objected to this mode of putting the question, because it was an assumption that these sores existed. A medical man ought to be asked his opinion on the supposition only that certain symptoms existed. - Mr. Justice CIESSwVELL.-Let the witness describe what he assumes to have been the state of Cook's health, and you will then see whether he is justified in his assumptian. Examination continued.-I assume that Cook was a man of very delicate constitution-that for a long period he had felt himself to be ailng, for which indisposition he had been under medical treatment; that he had suffered from syphilis; that he had disease of the lungs; and that he had old standing disease of the throat ;that heledanirregularlife ; that he was subject to mental excitement and depression; and that after death appearances were found in his body which show this to have been the case. There was an unusual appearance in the stomach. The throat was in an unnatural condition. The back of the tongue showed similar indications. The air vessels of the lungs were dilated. In the lining of the aorta there was an unnatural deposit, and there was a very unusual appearance in the membranes of the spinal marrow. One of the witnesses also said that there was a loss of substance from the penis. That scar on the penis could only have resulted from an ulcer. A chancre is an ulcer, but an ulcer is not necessarily a chancre. The symptoms at the root of the tongue and-the throat I should ascribe to syphilitic inflammation of the throat. Supposing these symptoms to be correct, I should infer that Cook-s health had for a long time not been good, and that his constitution was delicate. His father and mother died Supposing that to have been his state of health, it would make him liable to nervous irritation. That might be excited by moral causes. Any excitement or depression might produce that effect. A person of such health and constitution would he more susceptible of injurious influence from wet and cold than would one of stronger constitution. Upon such a constitution as that which I have assuned Cook's to have been convulsive disease is more likely to supervene. I understand that Cook had three attacks on succeeding nights, occurring about the same hour. As a medical man, I should infer from this that the attacks were of a convulsive character. I infer that in the absence of other causes to account for them. According to mypersonal experience and knowledge from the study of my profession, convulsive attacks are as various as possible in tteir forms and degrees of violence. It is not possible to give a definite name to every convulsive symptom. There are some forms of convulsion in which the patient retains his consciousness. Those are forms of hysteria, sometimes found in the male sex. It is also stated that there are forms of epilepsy in which the patient retains consciousness. By Lord CAerPBELL.-I cannot mention a case in which consciousness has been retained during the fit. No such case has come under my notice. Examination continued.-I know by reading that that, although rarely, does sometimes occur. The degree of consciousness in epilepsy varies very much. In some attacks the consciousness is whollylost for along time. Convulsive attacksare sometimes accompanied by violent spasms and rigidity of the limbs. Convulsions, properly so called, sometimes assume a tetanic complexion. 1 heard the pawssge *from the works of Dr. Copland read to the Court yester- day. Iagree with what he states. Convulsions arise from almost any cause-from worms in children, affections of the brain in adults, hysteria, and in some persons the taking of chloroform. Adults are sometimes attacked by such convulsions. A ffections of the spinal cord or eating indigestible food will produce them. I know no instance in which convulsions have arisen from retching and vomiting. I agree with Dr. Copland that these convulsions sometimes end immediately in death. The immediate proximate cause of death is frequently asphyxia. By L ord CAMZIPBELL.-Death from a spasm of the heart is often described as death by asphyx;ia. Examination continued.-I have seen convulsions recurring. I have seen that in very various cases. The time at which a patient recovers his ease after a violent attack of convulsions varies very much. It may be a few minutes, or t may be hours. From an interval between one convulsion and another I should infer that the convulsions arise from some slight irritation in the brain or the spinal cord. 'When death takes place in such paroxysms there is sometimes no trace of organic disease to be found by a post mortema examination. Granules between the dura mater and the arachnoid are not common at any age. I should not draw any particular inference from their appearance. They might or might not lead to a conjecture as to their cause and effect. I do not form any opinion upon these points. They might produce an effect upon the spinal cord. There are three preparations in museums where granules are exhibited in the spinal cord, in which the gatients are said to have died from tatanus. Those are at t. Thomases Hospital. To ascertain the nature and effect of such granules the spinal cord ought to be examined immediately after death. Not the most remote opinion could be formed upon an examination made two months after death, more especiallyif the brain had beenpreviously opened. Independently of the appearanceof granules, it would not after thatperiodbe possible to form a satisfactory opinion upon thegeneral condlithon of the spinalcord. If there were a large tumour, or some similar change, it might be exhibited ; but neither softening nor induration of the structure could be perceived. The nervous structure changes within two days of death. To ascertain minutely its condition it is necessary to use a lens or microscope. That is required in an examination made immediately after death. I have attended cases of trauimatic tetanus. That disease commonlybegins withanattackupon the jaw. One of the four cases of idiopathic tetanus that I have seen was my own child. In three of those case4the disease began with lockjaw. The fourth case commenced in the body, the facility of swallowing remaining. I have within the last 12 months madep7ost morteonz examinations of two persons who had died from strychnia. I did not see the patients before death. Inboth cases I ascertained by chymicalanalysisthat deathhadbeencausedbystrychnia.In both Ifoundthestrychnia. Ln one case-that of aladyaged28 years-Imademy examnination 42 hours after death, and in the other 30 hours. In the former case the body had not been opened before I com- menced my examination. [The witness read a report of this examination, in which it was stated that the eyelids were partially open and the globes faced, and the pupils dilated. The muceles of the trunk were not in the least rigid; indeed, they were so soft that the body might be bent l in any direction. The muscles at the hip and shoulder joints were not quite so flaccid, but they allowed thesa oints to be easily moved;* whilethose ofthe headand neck, fore-arms, ho., were rigid. The fingers were curved, and the feet somewvhat arched. All the muscles, when cut into, were found soft and dark in colour. The membranes of the liver were exceedin2ly vascular. The membrane of the spinal cord was much congested. There was bloody serum in the pericardiuma; the lungs were distended, and some of the air cells were ruptured. The lining membrane of the * trachea and br>nechial tubes were covered with a layer of dark bloody mucus of a dark chocolate colour. The thoreese vessels and membranes were much congested and the blood was everywhere dark and fluid.] After reading this report the witness continued:-In the second case I made my examination 30 hours after death. I first saw the body about 12 hours after death. It was a woman somewhere near 20 years of age. [The witness - also read the report of the examination in this case. The appearances of the body were -bs-tantially simlilat to those presented in the previous case.] In two other cases I have seen a patient saffering from over doses of strychnia Neither of those cases was fatal. In one case I had prescribed the 12th of a grain, and the patient took one-sixth. That was for a man of niiddle age. Strychniahadbeen given in solution. In a few minutes the symptoms ap peared. They were a want of power to control the nuscles, manifested bytwitchings, rgidity, and cramp, moreviolent in the legs than in any other part of the body. The spasms were not very violent. They continued six hours before they entirely disappeared. DuDnn that time they wereintermittent at various intervals. Astheattack passea off the leneth of the intervals increased. At first their lenigth was "iut a few seconds. The spasms -were not combated by medical treatment. The other case was a very similar one. Theqnantity-takenwasthesame-doublewhat I had prescribed. 1 have expernuentedupon upwards of 6O animals with strychnia. Tho.se animals were dogs, cats, rats, mice, guinea pigs, fro,-, andtoads. The symptoms of the attack in all animals present great resemblances. Some animals are, however, much more susceptible of its influence than others are. The period elapsing between the injection of the poison and the commencement of the symptoms has been from two minutes to 30,-more generally five or six. I administered the poison occasionally in solution, but more generaUy in its sold state. It was sometimes placed dry upon the back of the tongue, and some fluid poured down the throat; sonietimes it was enclosed between two portions of meat; sometimes mixed up with butter or suet, and sometimes rolled up in a smaU piece of gut. To frogs andtoads it was administered by putting them into a solution of strychnia. I have also applied it direct to the spinal cord, and in other cases to the brain. The first symptom has been a desire to be quite still then hurried breathing; then slavering at the mouth (when the poison had been given through that organ); then tvitching of the ears, trembling of themuscles, inability to walk, convl1sions of all the musdes of the body. the jaws being generaUy firmly closed; the convulsions attended by a total want of power in the mnscles, which on the least touch were thrown into violent spasms with a galvanic-lile shock. Spasms also come on if the animal voluntarily attempts to move; that is usualy the case, but occasionally the animal is able to move without inducing a recurrence of the spasms. These spasms recur at VariouS periods, but do not always increase in violence. The animals die after periods varying from three hours to three hours and a half. In the cases where the animals live longest the paroxysms occur at the longest intervals. In all cases in the interval before death the rigidity ceases (I know no exception to this) and the muscles become quite soft, powerless, and alaccid. The limbs maybe put in any position whatever. There is but little difference. from ordiny cases of convulsive death in the time atwhich the rigo0r sortis comes on. I have destroyed animals with other poisons, and there is very little difference between the rigidity in their cases and that in the cases of death from strychnia. In the two women I have mentioned the riyor r20rt* was much less than is usual in cases of death from natural disease. I have known fatal cases of poisonmng animals by strychnia in which there has between the first and the second paroxysm been an interval of about half an hour, but that is not common. I have examined the bodies of upwards of 40 animals kiled by strychnia. I have invariably found the heart full on the right side; very generally the left ventricle firmly contracted, and the blood usually dark, and often fluid. Thera is no particular appearance about the spine. I have experimented with other poison upon upwards of 2,000 animals, and have written upon this subject. It very often happens that in the caseof animals dyiug suddenly from poisoning the blood is fluid after death. That also happens in cases of sudden death from other causes. I have attended to the evidence as to the symptoms exhibited by Cook on the Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday nights. The symptoms on Sunday night I assume to have been great excitement. Cook described himself as having been very ill, and in snch a state that he considered himself mad for a few minutes. He stated that the cause of this was a noise in the street. These symptoms, in the three nights I have mentioned, do not resemble those which I have seen follow the administration of strychnia. Cook had more power of voluntary motion than I have observed in animals under the influence of this poison. He sat up in bed, andmoved hishandsabout fieely, swaUowed, talked, and asked to be rubbed and moved, none of which, if poisoned by strychnia, could he have done. The sudden accession of the convulsions is another reason for believing that they were not produced by strychnia. Other reasons for believing that the convulsions ware not produced by strychnia are their sudden accesdon without the usual premonitory symptoms, the length of time which had elapsed between their commencement and the taking of the pills which are supposed to have contained poison, and the screaming and vomiting. I never knew an animal which had been poisoned with strychnia to vomit or scream voluntarily. I apprehend that where there is so much spasm of the heart there must be inabilityto vomit. In the cases related in which attempts were made to produce vomiting they did not succeed. There is such a case in the 10th volume of the Journal de Phar-zmacie, in which an emetic was given without success. Thesymptoms exhibited after deathbyaanimals poisoned by strychnia differ materially from those presented y the body of Cook. In his case the heart is stated to have been empty and uncontracted. Lord UAMTiPB.-I do not remember that. I think it was said that it was contracted. Mr. Baron AcDEtSON.-According to mynote, Dr. Harland said that the heart was contracted, and contained no blood. Examination coDtinued.-The lungs were not congested, nor was the brain. In the case of animals which have recovered the paroxysms have subsided gradually. I never knew a severe paroxysm followed by a long interval of repose. I have experimented upon the discovery of strychnia in the bodies of animals in various stages of decomposition, from a few hours after death up to the 43d day, in which latter case the body was quite putrid. It has never happened to me to fail to discover the poison. I have experimented in about 15 cases. Supposing a person to have died under the influence of strychnia poison in the first paroxysm, and his stomach to have been taken out and put into a jar on the sixth day after death, must strychnia have, by a proper analysis, been found in the body .-Yes. If the strychnia be pure, such as is almost invariably found among medical men and druggists, the test is nitric acid, which gives a red colour, which iii a great measure disappears on the addition of protochloride of tin. I the strychnia be pure, it does not undergo any change on the addition of sulphuric acid, bul on the addition of a mixture of bichromate of potash, viith several other substances it produces a beautiful purple, which changes to var3ing shades until it gets to be a dirty red. There are several other tests. In this case the stomach was not, in my opinion, in an unfavourable condition for examiation. m he circumstances attendinu its position in the jar and its removal to Eondon would give a little more trouble, hut would not otherwise affect the result. If the deceased had died from strychnia poison it ought to have been found in the liver, spleen, and k-idneys. I have seen this poison found in shnilar portions of animals which had been klled by it. I have also seen it found in the blood; that was by Mr. Herapath, of Bristol. Could the analyses be defeated or confused by the existence in the stomach of any other substance which would produce the same colours?-V.o. Supposing that pyrozan. tine and salicine were in the parts examined, their existence would not defeat the analysis. Pyrozantine is very unlikely to be found in the stomach. It is one of the rarest and most difficult to be obtained. The distinction betwveen pyrozantine and strychnia is quite evident. Pyrozantine changes to a deep purple on tho addition of sulphuric acid alone, and the bichromate of potash spoils the colour. In strychnia no change is produced by sulphuric acid. It requires the addition of the bichromate to produce the colour. Supposing the death to have been caused by a dose of strychnia, not niore than sufflicient to destroy the animal, would it be so diffused by the process of absorption that you would not be able by these tests to deteot it in any portion of the system '-No; I believe it would not. Had that question occupied your attention before you were called upon to give evidence upon this trial ?-It had. What is your reason for stating that strychnine, when it hasdoneitsvork,continuesas strychnine in the system? -Those who say that some change takes place argue that as food undergoes a change when taken into the body, so does the poison; it becomes decomposed. But the change in food tb kes place during digestion; consequently its traces are not found in the blood. Substances like strychnine are absorbed without digestion, aud may be obtained unchanged from the blood. They may be administered in various wavs. Ii your judgment will any amount of putrefaction prevent the discovery of strychnine 1-To say that it is absolately indestructible would be absurd, but within ordinary limits, no, I have found it at the end of 40 days. What is the probable relative rapidity of the action of strychnine in an empty and a full stomach ?-The emptier the stomach the quicker the action. Cross-examined by the AToBORNv-GENERAL.- -I am a lecturer on surgery. Mr. Morley, who wvas called for the rosecution, is a lecturer on chymistry. Part (perhaps half ) ofthe experiments on the 60 animals were made Sy me and Mr. Morley jointly. There was nothing to distiugaish the experiments which I made alone from those which l made jointly w,ith him. Istate the apparent results of the whole. My experiments were spread over a period of 30 years. Many of them have been made since the Leeds case. Scmne of them were made in reference to this case. I can't say how many. Now, don't put yourself in a state of antagonism to we, but tell me how many of your experiments were made in reference to this particular case.9-I cannot aniswer that question. The great bulk certainly were not. I was irst concerned in this case about thetime of the death of the person at Leeds. I was applied to. I was in correspondence with the attorney forthe defence. The details of the-Seeds case were forwarded to him by me, and I called his attention to them. The general dose in these experlments was from half a grain to two grains. Hil a grain i9 sufficient to destroy life in the larger animals. I have seen both a dog and cat die from that dose, but not always. Some nnimals as a species are more susceptible than ihose of a different species, sand among animals of the same species some are more susceptible than others. The symptoms in the experiments I have mentioned did not appear after so long a period as an hour. We have had to ret the dose of poison in some instanche when half a gramn has been given. That happened in the case of a cat. Symptoms of spamn wero produced, buthe anial did not die. She ha I not, hoiwever, swallowed te doses. I think I have kmomui aneials of the cat speose klfled rwith half a grain. Hnave you any doubt about it c-Yes. Ialf a grain, then, as the minimum dose which will kliieo cat9.-I think itworld. be the minimiria dose in tl-vc~s of an old strong cat. If administer2ad in a fluid staleI think a smaller dose wrould suffice. Hurried bre-tigis one of the first symptomns, afterwaa-sl there are -n and trembhings of the muscles, then convusions. Is there any diversity, as in the intervals and iha.order of the symptoms, in animals of the same species i-They certainly don't occur after the same intervals of time, but I should say they generally occur in the order I have described. There is some difference in the periods at which the convulsions takoe lace. Some animal will die azter less onvulsion than others, but an animal generally dies after four or fire. In one or two instances an animal has died after one convulsion. In those instances a dose has been given equxal ir. amount to another dose whicl has noot produced the same effect. The order-in which the muaclet are convulsed wiaes to some extent. The muscles of the limbs are generlly affected first. The oovuvlsions generally occur simultaneously. Do you know any case of strychnine in which the riidity after death w%As greater than the-usual r igor mortit -41 thin- not. I don't thinl there is any peculiar rigidity produced by strychnine. flave you never found undue rigidity in a hunan sabject after death froml strychnLine 29-Considerably less. In the anonymous case to which we have referred were not the hbands cutrved and the feet arched by iauseular con- traction 2-Sot more than is usual in cases of death fromn ordinary causes. The limbs wvere rigid, but not more thanL In face of the medical profession, I ask you whether yotu signed a report stating that "the hands were curved and the feet decidedly arched by mutscular contraction," and whether youmeant bythose wordsthattherewas nomore thaant tthOe totrdinary rigidity of death !-Certiny; I stated Where? Inthe report 2-No; in conversation. Allow metoexplainthat a distinction was drawn between the muscles of the different parts of the body. I heard Mr. Morley's evidence with regard to experiments on animals, and his statement that " after death there was an interval of flaccidity, after which rigidity commenced more than if it bad been occasioned by the usUal rigor 2nortiS." You don't agree with that statement ?-I do not. -I generally found the right side of the heart full. Does the fact of the heart in Cook's case having been found empty lead you to the conclusion that death was not caused by strychnine 2-Among otherthings it does. Iheard theevidenceof Dr.Watson as to the case of AgnesfSennet,in which the heart -was found distended and empty; also, that of M1r. Taylor as to the post mortent examination of Mrs. Smnyth. No doubt he stated that the heart in that case also was empty. And do thoso facts exercise no infuence on your judg. ment ?-They would not unless I knew how the tost mortem examination had been made. If it was commenced at the head, the blood being fluid, the large drains would be opened, and the blood, from natunal pauses, would drain away. Do -you know how the post mortem examination was made inthis case ?-No. Excuse me, I do. The chest and the abdomen, not the head, were first opened. The heart, then, was not emptied in the first instance 7- NO. Then what occasioned the contraction of the heart ?- When the heart is emptied it is usually contracted. But how doyon accountforits contraction and emptiness? I cannot acconnt for it. Lord CncrnELL.-Would the hear' contract if there was blood in it .'-No. Lord CALaNrrniEL.-WVhen you find the heart contracted you know, then, that it was contracted at the msoment of death ?-It is necessary to draw a distinction between the two cavities. It is very common to find the left ventricle contracted and hard, while the right is uncontracted. Lord CAcr1PBEL-That is death by asphyxia ?-Precisely. By the ATro.NxEr-Gxsnc.AL.-In Cook's case the lungs were described as not congesteL Entostheima is of two kinds; one of them consists of dilation of the cells, the other of a rupture of the cells. When animals die from strychnine entosthema occurs. I do not know the character of the entosthema in Cook's case. It did not occur to me to have the question put to the witnesses who described the post mortem examsination. To wrhat constitutional symptoms about Cook do you ascribe the convulsions from which he died ?-Not to any. Was not the fact of his having syphilis an important ingredientin your judgment upon his case ?-It was, Ijudge that he died from convulsions, by the combination of symutoms. What evidence have you to suppose that he was liable to excitement and depression of spirits 2-The fact that after -winning the race he could not speak for three minutes. Anything else ?-Mr. Jones stated that he avas subject to mental depression. Excitement wil produce a state of brain which will be followed, at some distance. by convuldions. I think Dr. Bamford made a mistake when he said thebrain was perfectly healthy. Do you mean to set up thst opinion against that of Dr. Devonshire and Dr. Harland, who were present at the pos' mortem I-My opinion is founded in part on the evidence taken at the inquest, in part on the depositions. With the brain and the system in the condition in which Cook's were I believe it id quite possible for convulsions to, come on and destroy a person. I do not beleve that he died from apoplexy. He was under the influence of morphia. I don't ascribe his death to morphia, excent that it might assist in producing a convulsive attack: I should think morphia was not very good treatment, considering the state of excitement he Was in. Doyou niean to say, on your oath, that you think ho was in n state of excitement at Rugeley7-I wish to. give my evidence honestly. Morphia, when given in an injured state ofthe brain, often disagrees with the patient. But -,vhat evidence have you as to the injured state of the brain ?-Sickness often indicates it. I can't say whether the attack of Sunday night was an attack of con, vulsions. I think that the Sunday attack was one of a similar character, but not so intense, as the attack of Tuesday, in which he died. I don't think he had convulsions on the Sunday, but he was in that condition which often precedes convulsions. I think he was mistaken when he stated that he was awoke by a noise. I belie-e he was delirious. That is one of the symptoms on which I found my opinion. Any intestinal irritation will produce convulsions in a tetanic formL I have knovwn instances in children. Ihavenotseenan instance in ananimaL Medical writers state that such cases do occur. I lknow no name for convulsions of that kind. Have you ever known a case of convulsions, of that kind, terminating in death, in which the patient remained conscious to the last?.-Ihave not. Whereepilepsy terminates in death consciousness is gone. I have known four cases of traumatic, and five or six of idiopathic tetanus. You heard Mr. Jones make this statement of the symptoms of Cook after the commencement of the paroxyssa:" After he swallowed the pils, he uttered loud screams, threw himself back in the bed, and was dreadfully convulsed. He said, 'l aise me up ! I shall be suffocated.' The convulsions affected every muscle of the body, and were accompanied by stiffening of the limbs. I endeavoured to raise Cook with the assistance of Palmer, but found it quite impossible, owing to the rigidity of the limbs. Wien Cook found we could not raise him up he asked nme to turn him over. He was then quite sensible. I turned him on to his side. I listened to the action of his heart. I found that it gradually weakened, and asked Palmer to feteh some spirits of ammonia, to be used as a stimulant. When he returned the pulsations of the heart were gradually ceasing, and life was almost extinct. Cook died v-ery quietly a very short time afterwards. When he threw himself back in bed he clinched his hands, and they remained clinched after death. When I was rubbing his neck his head and neck were unnaturally bent back by the spasmodic action of the muscles. After death his body was so twisted or bowed that if I had placed it upon the back it would have rested upon the head and the feet??t Now, I ask you to distinguish in any one particular between those symptoms and the symptoms of tetanic convulsions?'-It is not tetanus at all not idiopathic tetanus. I quite agree with you that it is not idiopathic tetanus; but point out any distinction that you can see between these symptoms and those of real tetanus.-I do not know that there is any distinction, except that in a case of tetanus I never saw rigidity continue till death and afterwards. Can you tell me of any case of death from convulsions in. which the patient was conscious to the last 9-I do not know of any; convulsions occurring after poison has been taken are properly called tetanic. We were told by Sir B. Brodie that while the paroxysms of tetaDic convulsion last there is no difference between those which arise from strychnine and those which arLe front tetanus properly so caUed, but the difference was in the course the symptoms took. Nowv, what do you say is the difference between tetanus arising from strychnine ana ordinary tetanus?-The hands are less violently contracted; the effect of the spasm is less in ordinary tetanus. The convulsion, too, never entirely passes away. I have stated that tetanus is a disease of days, strychninie of hours and minutes ; that convulsive twitchings are in strychnine the first symptoms, the last in tetanus; that in tetauus the hands, feet, and legs are usually the last affected, while in strychnine they are the first. i gave that opinion after the symptomns in the case of the lady at Leeds, which were described by the lvitness Withain, and I still adhere to it. I never said that Cook's case was one of idiopathic tetanus. I do not think it was a case of tetanus in any sense of the word. It differed fromn the course of tetanus from strychnine in the particulars I lave already mentioned. Repeat them.-There was the sudden accession of the convulsions. Sudden-after what 7-After the rousing by Jones. There was also the power of talking Don't you know that -Mrs. Smyth taLked and retained her consciousness to the end; that her last words were "turn me over "-She did say something of that kind. No doubt those were the words sbe used. I believe that in poison tetanus the sysmptoms are first observed in the legs and feet In the animals upon which I have experimented twitchings in the ears and difficulty of breathing have been the proemonitorv symptoms. When Cook felt a stiffness and a difficulty of breathing, and said that he should be suffocated on the first night, what were those but premonitory symptoms2-Well, he asked to be rubbed; but, as far as my experience esa with regard to animials- The ATvroux?-GxxRAI-They can't ask to I=e their ears rubbed, of course. {A laugh.) MLr. Serjeant Su said the witness was aboutto explain the effect cf being rubbed upon the animals. Cross-examination continued.-In no single kssiance could the animals bear to be touched. Did not Mrs. Smyth ask to have her legs and;arsm rubbed? -In the-Leeds casothe lady asked to be rubbed before the convulsions caie on, bat afterwards she could not bear it, and beggedl tbat she night not be touched. C^ you point out any one point, after the premonitorp sy toms, in hich the symptoms in tMiCs case differ front fstrvchnine tetanus 7-There is tke power of swaij. b-v-ing, whis is taken awayby inabit to.rnove the ja - frt have you inot stated that lockja-is, the last symp:todn I fat ocurs in stcihnine tetans.-- I have. I aon't i deny that. it may Ib. Iam spealinil of the general zile. In the Leeds case it came on ve2rv early, m ore th a two Iours before dcath, the paroxys= having continu;d about two hours and a half. In thf sea we believed that the dose -was four times repeated. Poison migh't I"bzbly bo extracted by cvymical process -ken thetissues, Uo I never tried it, except in one case f .animaL I anl not sure whether poison was in t eat Rase given through the m outh. Wekilled four snimnaLsin x*ftrene to the Leeds ease, and in every instance we found s;rychnine in the contents of th>n stomach. In one case wvss administered it Lb two procesOEs. and one failed and the other succeeded. Re-examiined.-Ian making reports upon cases such as that which has been refenel to we state ordxinar y apperaracs; we state the facts without anything-more. Mr. William Horarath, examined by Mir. Gnovr. QC.- I am a professor of chymnistry and toxicology at.thoL Bristol Mfedical School. I haPve studied chymnistry for uor ae rt 40 years, toxioology for 30. I have experimented on the ,poison of strychnine. I have seen no case of a humn suit
TALBOTS DIYORCE. HfOUSE OF LORIDS. ThnunDmY. MAY 22. Tieir Lardships sat this morning at 11 o'clock for the I purpose of delivering judgment in this cause, which had pre- ! viously occupied the House for several days. The noble and I learned Lords present were the Lord Chancellor, Lord BrOugham, and lord St. Leonard's. The LORD CHANCELLOP, in deliveringjudgment, said the question which they had to decide arose out of a petition presented by John Talbot, of M1ount Talbot, in the county of Roscommon, praying that his marriage with blary Ann, his now Wife, might be annulled, and that he might no allowed to mary again; thequestion being this-had Mrs. Talbot been guilty of adutery with a person named Wmilam muIlan? In these cases they had generally only to look at the conduct of the parties to see whether there Was anything which -would disentitle the suitor to relief from this House. It was unusual for a distinct issue to be raised by the vwife as to whether she had been guilty of adultery or not, but in the present case that was the main issue, because, if it was established to the satisfaction of their lordships that tie wife of Mr. Talbot had been guilty of adultery, it was impossible to contend that Mr. Talbot's conduct had been such as to disqualify him from the relief he sought. There were certain facts about which there was no dispute. 3Mr. and Mrs. Talbot were married on the 2d of January, 1845, the latter being the daughter of a gentleman of property, and most probably she had received a proper and religious education. After travelling about for some time they went to Summer-hill-the iirst house they had of their own after their marriage, and where the alleged adultery was supposed to have commenced. In February, 1850, they removed to Eden-hill, wvhere they remained until they went to Mfount Talbot, subsequently to the death of Mrs. Talbot's brother. There thev continued until May, 1852, when Mr. Talbot made a discovery which appeared to convince him that his wife was fhlse to her marrisae vows. Mrs. Talbot was taken to Dublin by a friend, a clergyman, and subsequently removed to this country, wvhere she was placed under the care of a lady named Tennant, residing near Windsor. In the month of November followding 3r.'Paget, having discovered her place of residence, took her first to his house and then to that of his father, in Leicestershire. Immediately after Mr. Talbot quitted Mrs. Talbot he caused proceedings to be instituted in the common law courts in Irelandagainst WilliamMullan, the alleged adulterer, in order to recover damages for criminal conversation with his wife. A verdict was -given in favour of Mr. Talbot with large damages, but Mullan having left England for America, and at the same time not being worth a farthing, the dan-ages were only nominal. Mr. Talbot then applied to t'he Consistory Court and obtained a divorce et msacs et thoro. This decision being appealed against was confirmed by the Delegates, and therefore became final. The evidence 'which had been given in those courts had been laid before their lordships, who could compare it with the evidence 'which had been given at the bar of the House. The witnesses Mary Ann and Susan Benn had stated circumst-ances which, although not absolutely proving any distinct act of adultery, yet, if their e-icence was to le believed, could leave no doubt upon their lordships' minds as to the fact of criminal intercourse having tak-en place between rs. Talbot and Mullan. From the surrounding circumstances, he (the Lord Chancellor) must say ho did believe the statement of those witnesses. WN hen Mrs. and ;liss WFilliams w ent to see Mrs. Talbot at Eden-hill it was evident from their acts that there were reports abroad as to the intimacy of Mrs. Talbot and Maldlan. One of the most important parts of the evidence was that given by those two ladies as to the conduct of Mrs. Talbot w en she was told by them that Mullain had said he could do anything he liked with her. Instead of denying the accusation, she simplv said How ungratefuld' It was clear that she had neither communicated this fact to her husband nor had she used her infiuence to -et Mullan turned away, as it had been proved that he was the only one of the old servants who 'went to Mlount Talbot from Eden-hill. Their lordships must consider the fact of keeping Mullan in her service after having been made acquainted with what she had stated as strong evidence of her guilt. He was sorry to say that he fully believed that the act of adultery had been committed. It had been suggested, in opposition to the bill, that the servants and witnesses who had been caled had entered into a conspiracy, aided by Mr. Talbot, to destroy the reputation of Mrs. Talbot; but he must say there was not the slightest evidence to confirm that suggestion. It had then been attempted to prove that MiuLan had been suffering from a certain disease during the whole of the alleged adulterous intercourse. The evidence adduced in support of that point was very important, because the disease could scarcely have failed in the ordinary course of things to have been communicated to Mrs. Talbot if intercourse had taken place during that periodL Unfortunately there was no entry in the books of the medical gentleman who had attended Mullan during the period he suffered from that complaint. Tivo witnesses swore that he h.ad it oth at Summer-hill and Eden-hilL If at any distinct period it wvas supposed, from doubtful facts only, that criminal intercourse had taken place, and it was proved that at the time alleed he -was suffering from that disease, it would go strongly to negative that supposition but, lookidn at it as a juryman, it appeared to him that there was a mistake as to the date on the part of the medical witnesses called in opposition to the bill. The evidence of Mr. Sergent wvould appear to be most clear and conclusive as to the fact of adulterous intercourse on the part of Mrs. Talbot with some Person-that person being evidently the groom Xullan. Mr. Sergent gave a satisfactory reason for not having communicated the facts he was acqu,ainted wvith to any person except the rector of the parisln. It was perfectly absurd to suppose that the woman who he swore was lrs. Talbot was the servant Rosa, as had oeen suggested by the persons opposing the bil. The mode in which Maria Mooney gave her testimonv was such as on his (the Lord Chancellor's) mind left the impression that she was telling the truth. Margaret Hall, who was called to disprove the facts as sworn to by Maria Mooney, stated that the act of adultery did not take place on the night alleged before half-past 9 o'clock, but there vas nothing to show that it did. not take place between that time and 10 o'clock. If Maria Mooney spoke the truth there would be no necessity for examining the testimony of the two men Carr and Doogan, whose statements, if there were not other facts proved, w-ould not have been believed, as what they stated was entirely contrary to the manner in wrich a lady in MXrs. Talbot's position in life wvould have been supposed to act. Coupled, howvever, as it was, with the testimony of the other witnesses, it did not appear to be so incredible as it seemed to beat first sight, for itmust be borne in mind, if the other witnesses were believed, that Mrs. Talbot, haNingindulgedininterconrsewithiadirtygroom had fallen from her owvn position and had sunk to his. As regarded Mrs. Talbot's state of mind when she made the confessions to the various clerg-men, medical testimony of a high class had been called in opposition to the bill, which w ent to prove that her mind wras decidedly unsettled during the period she was staying at the house of Mr. Paget's f'ather. The physician who attended M\lrs. Talbot while she wvas staying at Coffey's Hotel in Dablin stated that she was not insane, although much excited. Under all the circumstances of the case, it was impossible to come to the conclusion that the detailed confessions of Mrs. Talbot, harsmonizing as they did with the rest of the evidence, were untrue. Quite independently of these confessions, however, he felt himself compelled, on looking at the rest of the evidence, to say that, in his opinion, Mr. Talbot had proved wvhat hehad undertaken toprove, namely, thefact of adulterous intercourse having taken place between Mrs. Talbot and the aoom, William Mullan, and he therefore moved that the _l should be read a second tinle. Lord BEO VC-.ru Fr said he was with great pain obliged to believe that the fact of the adulterous intercourse having taken place had been fully proved. He was therefore also of opinion that the bill ought to be read a second time. Lord ST. LEO,,1T.D'S said the confessions of Mrs. Talbot were, in his opinion, made when sbe was in her right mind, and confirmed the evidence, which, even without them, wMas inite conclusive of Mrs. Talbots guilt. He should therefore second the motion of his noble and learned friend that the bil should be read a second time. The bill was then read a second time. Their Lordships adjourned at half-past 4 o'clock.
TtiE W.mo t-AL REFOI..ATOPY .Nyiox-.-Yesterterday a general meeting of the members of this society, now in course of formation to aid in the reformation of juvenile offenders, was held at the house of the Law Amendmnent Society, in Waterloo-place, Pall-mal . Lord Lovaine 31.P., occupied the chair, in the absence of Lord Brougham, who was eng,aged in the House of Lords. The meeting Was but thinly attended. Among the gentlemen present werelord Pobert Cecil, 3LP..; 3r. Monckton3lilnes, B3.?.; Mr. Adderley, 31..P; Mr. Liddell, M1.P..; Mr. W. iZrles, M.P.; 3Tr. Baker, and the Rev. Sidney Turner, manager of the Red-hill Reformatory Institution. The report of the general committee ap on'ed on the 1st of March last, -ead by 3_r. G. IX. Hastinas, the honorary secretary, stated that they bad as yet little to say as -to the operations of the inciety, except as regarded the imease-es taken to perfect !ts internal organization and to rnge its futureylan of operations. Lord Brougham had eapres-ed his readiness to act as the president of the society, and £he names of the Bishop of Bath and wells and of Mr. Justice Coleridge were enrolled among its vice-presidents. The,a2smnitteo had taken such rteps as seemed expedient to czeate an adequate liachinery for carmying out the four principal objects of the union. First, in order to collect and diaff-se information hearing on the reformation of youth. fa offenders, they hvi communiEated w-ith every *artified reformAxtoy in the kingdom, ana had requested each to name Rs,corresponding miember, VF.o, when so nominated, became =n cx officio mnenber of the general comrnittee; 13 of such corresponding members had been up to this time nominated. With the >n;ew of obtaingin informatioa on the Usnortant subject of prison discipier, the chaplairs of all the Taols in the znitei lngdom had been made honorary mneers. Second, to promote the further practiac developzmnt of the reformatory system, a register had been opened of the namee of zersons desirous of filling the ofice of scLwolmaster in me, lormatory schools. Third, wvith a view f9 consider and pornote such legislative messuresas were stdll required foo the better care and reformation qf youthfni offenders, a series of general meetings had already been heMl, and would continue tobe convened antil the close of the Parliamentary sessio.n. Fourth, a sub-committee had been appointed to assist in the placing out and subsequent guardiaaship aLnd protection o young persons leaving reformatory institutions. After the adoption of the report and a series of rules appended to it for the governnent of the union a c4nverration ensued as to the best mode of giving effect to the objects of the association, in which Lord Robert Cecil, the RZev. SAdney Turner, Mlr. Liddell, Mr. W. Miles, IHr. Adderley, and other gentlemen present took part; and, on the motion of Mr. Liddell, an invittion was ordered to be given to 3x Metz, now in London, to attend a public meetin" in aid of the union, to be held in the ensuing weeL rseI:srro OF PLATE.-On Wednesday last the inhabitants of Gravesendl and its neighboiuhood pre. aented to Mr. W. F. Dobson, who ha ed the office of mayo efthatborugh or he lst wo yars a agnificent candelabrumZ, manuf;ctured by 3fesar. Smith and Nichol. son, of DuIke-street, IancoInPe-s-n-fields, and to Mrs. Dobeon a portrstit of her husband, painted by Brigsteck. lThe nre. sentation took place at a dinner of the subscribers, the 3.§gst I[on, the Earl of DXmnley in the chair.
BOYAL AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY of ENGLAND Yesterday the half-yearly general meeting of this society was held at their house in Hanover-square, Lord Portman, the Dresident, in the chair. Lord Denman, Lord Feversham, Mr.lBramston, MiP., Mlr. Raimond Barker, Mr. Fisher Hobbs, hir. W. Pickin, Mr. H. Wilson, the Rev. Thomas Cator, the Rev. C. T. James, and several ether eminent practical agriculturists were among the members present. Mr. HuDsoN, the secretary, read the report, which stated that the society consists at the present time of 85 life governors, 139 annual governors, 839 life members, 3,896 annual and 20 honorary members, forming a total of 4,979 members, or 97 more than the number at the previous I anniversary. The Em,pseror of the French having been graciously pleased to permit his name tobe placed on the list of honorarymembers of thesociety, incompliancewitha request madeonthepartof thecouncil,iiisImperialMajestyhas en unanimously elected accordingly, in grateful recognition of the deep interest which he had so effectively taken in the promoton of international agriculture. The council have also elected M. Leonce de Lavergne an honoraiy member of the society, in testimony of the high estimation in which they hold his remarkable work on the rural economy of this country. The finances of the society have onno former occasion beenin so favourable a condition. The funded property consists of 9,2641. in the New Three per Cent. Stock, and the current cash balance in the hands of the bankersis 3,657l. Professor Way, the consulting chymist of the society, has devised a mode by which the amount of nitric acid and ammonia in the atmosphere may be ascertained w.ith approximate exactness. This discovery will at once give interest and importanceto the prosecution of .~ricaltural meteorology, a branch of inquiry which has hitherto either entirely lain dormant, or been pursued only with results of an indefinite character. The chymical investigation of the water flowving over the surface of cultivated land, and through its substance into drains, will eventually prove of great importance, as showing the ex;cess of manuring matter which has been applied to it; at present, however, the results obtained are confined to a limited body of facts occurring under certain given conditions; but these indicate the great loss ewhich is probably sustained by an injudicious m.anulring of prticular soils. The controversial publications of Baron i~ebig and Mr. Iawes have had the effect of calling the attention of scientific men to the chymical principles of agriculture, and of practical men to the application of those principles in a farming and economical point of view. The great questions, however, involved in this controversy have still to be dispassionately considered, when the controversial spirit shall have passed away, and the facts made subservient only to the progress of philosophic inquiry. The council strongly advise the members of the society to take advantage of their privileges relating to analyses of the artificial manures, as they can ornly thus obtain security against fraud from adulteration. The council have decidedthat at the end of the current year the offer of the 1,0001. prize for asubstitute for Peruvian guanoshal be withdrawn. One of the original objects for which the society was founded isthatwhich proposes "topromote the comfort and welfare of labourers, and to encourage the improved management of their cottages and gardens." This great and humane object has been constantly the subject of consideration both officially by the Council and individually by the members of the society. Various ameliorating measures have been proposed, which as far as they have gone have been useful, but they fall far short of that extended system which theimportance of the subjectdemands. The Council, however, regard all these efforts as too limited and temporary in t meir charaeter. The inteligent mind of the labourer who performs the operations oin the farm, and the high moralprinciple within him, which istho surest guarantee to his employer, are best sustained and cultivated by making every effort to render the labourer hanpy and comfortable. The Chelmsford meeting, to be held in the middle of July, promises to be equal in every respect to the most successful of former country meetings of the society in other parts of the kingdom. The entry of agricultural implements and machinery is large beyond precedent; and as a great number of these, instead of lying tactive, as hitherto, in the yard, will beat ordinary work during certain hoursnof the show they will present a new and insructive feature in the exhoibition. The council have been induced, on the representA tion of averylargeproportion of theimplement manufacturers who exhibited last year at Carlisle, to apportion their prizes .and trials in the implement department over three years instead of including them al in single successive years. The implements for prizes and trials have accordingly been divided into classes for this three-years' rotation under the foalowing heads:-. Implements and machinery for the tillage and drainage of land. 2. Implements and machinery for the cultivation and harvestino of crops. 3. Implements and machinery for the preparation of crops for market and cattle food. Thosew ader the first of theseheads wif formn the prize and trial implements for the Chelmsford meetig in addition to the special prizes of 5001. forthe bes steam cultivator, prizes for reaping machines, and prizes for new and miscellaneous implements. The consulting engineer of the society has constructed for the Chelmnsford meeting new dynamometers, as to the measure of force rre ied to overcome the resistance offered by the soil to the different classes of field-implements. The amaount of resistance, compared with the work actuall done, will enablethe judges more accurately to estimate the relative economic value of competing implements intended for the cultivation of the soiL. The live stock portion of the exhibitionwill include foreign cattleand sheep belonging to foreigners, and bred abroad. For the purpose of making entries for foreign animals during the approaching Great International Show at Paris, in the first week of June, the council have extenddt ae of entry in their case from the 1st to the 12th of that month. The local Chelpeford committee have liberally placed at the disposal ef the council the sum of 200l. to be awarded as extra prizes for thoroughabred hunters and roadsters. These prizes wi, no doubt, attract r a large amomut of competition, and great-ly increase the interest of the show. Agreeably with a request from the French Government, the council have appomited r. Evelyn Denison, Mh.e , chairman of the impr lement section at the ensuing Paris meeting, and lO anglish jurors to represent this country in the different departments of live stock on that occasion. The report wasumnanimously adopted. Ontthe motion of Mr.s a sop d Bfa .nprti, seconded by Mr. B.nwistoly, M. P.a , Mr. Evelyn Denison, H .P., vas unanimously electedPresident of theSociety for the ensuing yeas, commencing at the rising of the C nelmsford meen. The vlce-presidents, truseees, and other of ficrs were also appointed. Mr. SCOrT, after complimenting the chairman for his eminent services to agriculture by his practical experimdets on drainage, suggested that the society should take into considerationwhetheritiwould not be judicious in future to give a premium, or a series of premiums, for drainage carried out on thme best principle on different estates in Engldand. The CsI.IRAmSL said lie held, after all his experience on this subject, that there was no system of land drainage. He believed evaer man must adopt the kind of drainage which was best suited to the locality he was about to drain. (Hear, hear.) The quality of the soil and of the water were such important elements in draining that until they had ascertained what was best adapted for a particular locality it was anwise to lay out any large sum in draining. He believed a great number of drainage plans answered exceedingly w ell, but it was necessary to hear in mind that no man's life was long enough to settle this question, because it was one whlich required the experience of years. They had already the experience of men during the last 50 years on the subject, some of whom had failed and some had succeeded. lVhen a man found he was wrong he (the Chairman) held he ought to have no shame in confessing it, and it would conduce greatly to advance the practical knowledge of drainage if the farmers of England would tell the society from tinme to time when they failed and when they succeeded in any exeiets hym tmk nrfrnet it. (Hear, hear.) hymgtmk nrfrnet On the motion of lMr. H. WI:so1, seconded by Mr. GIF.DWOOD, a vote of thanks was passed by acclamation to the chairman for the efficient manner in which he had discharged the duties of President to the society, accompanied by many flattering enconiumns on his Lordship's services in advancing the science of agriculture.
TESTLlO.NeAL TO A CLERGYmAMf.-On Wednesday the 21st inst., the pariShioners of Hayes, Middlesex, presented the lev. G. C. Hale, vicar of the parish, vith an elegant silver salver, as a mark of their esteem and respect during a period of 15 years' residence among them. [Advertisement.1-The new and popular novels published by Burst and Blaclkett, successors to Henry Colburn, to be hLd at allthe libra,rie:-L *The Sorrows of Gentility." By Miss Jewsbusy. 2 vols. "An excellent production, ftll of spirit, energY, asd zight feeling."-Sun. 2. " John Halifax, Gentleman." By the anthar of " The Head of the Family." 3 vo;ls 3. "Modenm Society in Rome." By J. B. Beste, Eso. 3 vols. 4. " Margaret and Her Bridesmaids." By the anthor of " Woman's Devotion." 3 vols. 5. " Lilhesleaf: the Concluding Passages in the Life of Mrs.'d Margaret Maitlant." Cheapere(lition, 1 vol., 10s. 6d. 6. " VeiedHearts." By the author of "The Wife's Trials." 3 vols. just ready). 7. "rachel Gray." By liLss Kavanagh. I vol. kldvertisement.]-Albert Smith's "3Iarchioness of Brinvimers." the poisoner of the 17th century, isnoweagerly sought after. The crimes of the Borgias, ths Brinviiers. and other celebrated crimi- aIalsf the past stand forth in hold reUef in the catalogue of guilt, g.oving that the "poisoned chalcel" of the poet was no fantastic eam; and history shows that such crimes have been at certain periods of common occurrence. In the "Marchiones of Brinvilliers" AlbeitSmith hashancledadelicate subject with a master hand, and the resSit is a most extraordinary and interesting book, for wvhich an unparalleled sale is inevitable. Pice ls. 6d.. or free by post for 22 stamps. London. George Bont,edge sad Co.. Farringdon-street [Advertisement.]-31r. Charles Miller, the eminent French painter, has arrived iu London from Paris, charged with a special commission from the Emperor of the French to execute a painting representing the receptionof Her Majesty the Qucen at St. Cloud. T}he object of hisvisit is to takethe portraits of the iUustrious English person who were present at the reception, and who should therefore be asPresentedin the "tableau." This historical painting will form one snore of those interesting works of art which adorn tho French gaUeries. Mfr. M(ller wili reside at No. Sa, SackviLestreet, Piccadilly during his stay in this countey. [Advertisensent.J-Have you that never-failing source of entertainment-an Aquarium? If so, purchase Dean sad Son's Is. manual on the subject, Should you desire to have yoxur dinrs proPerb dressed and eerved, then purchase " Cookery MTade Easy" for Js Thi bsook not onlyteds your cook what to.td. but how to do it. I you wish you& horse to look well and be properly attended to, "P-rac *_al Directions on the Choice, Treatment, and MAnazement of lforses," by Mills, MV.C.S., in the book Youo zht not to be without; is. Have you ; gardeu, and like it to look well, and keep it so with little trouble? Thiu obtain W. D. Smitl's "Practical Guide to tJ;o Cultire of the Garden ;" Is.. post free, I& 2d. London ; Dean andBcns, publishers, Bible^nd stationery warchougse 31, Ludgate-hill. [Advertisement.j-The " Dispatch" of Sunday next, May 2f . wviU p lblish a Supplement. ,ratis containing a fW report of the thialofWilliamPPalmer,fortumurder of *Mr. Cooku spceech of o r. Se 'Oeast Siee for the defence, ful. The DisPatch"r ill al o contain .an eYay, entitled " u'onstitntloo Tinkeringn-Lettersbv " Publiceln ' "To thea anoy-school Teachers of Great Britain oand te"Canstio," "The Budgst"-Towu Talk-Twh Sunday Banas, L Tc.Moace, 1y9, Fileeteireet. [Advertisement.]-The " OLifervei n of Sunday next, M,ay 25, wll publish a gratuitous Supplement, containing a fell report of the Tral o£ WSliam Palmer, for tbe aliegedPRugeleyPoloonlngs, The "Observer" cotains full accounts of evey important event that aocurs en theaturday.tas weltasacarefuldgaetof thenews of the week, combined with original articlu. 5:c. rTlse"MondayOb. enr'er," sontalains the markets sand the news of Mionday, up to o'clock,. is pnbllofecd at 4 o'clock. Price, stamped, 6d.; uaslassped, 51l. dOfe, 170. Strand. (Advertisement.J-"BeUl's Life in London" of Sunmday next, Mfay'25, wills gratnitouJinpylemeat of 24 eohsnir, will contain a full sccount of the great Fight for the Championship between Paddock aSd Breomne-Antielpatiens of Epsom-tho Probable Winers of tbe Derby and Oaks-Programm, of Epso BRaces-HorsesArrived aiDa E tCd-1ist ot Probable Stseters-atest Bettingr, lc.-tbe are Rowllng Ilaifah betwreen 3{ellb nd Mackinney for LO-Anging, by "EPhemeri"and osthers-T'nllPwayculars of theTral of William; 3'alner-and all the Sporting sad MaWel slseos2eo thLb Wte)r Er, lllrstampt'uhI ,; stampeC; td.
PARLIAMENT ARY INTELLIGECVE. HOUSE OF LORDS, TIEHPSDAY, MIAY 22. The House met at 5 oclock. The Duke of NORFOLK took the oaths and his seat. Petitions were presented, by Lord LEIGIr, from the minister and churchwardens of St. Mary's parish, Leamington, and from the inhabitants and visitors of the same town aszainst the performance of military bands on Sundays in Kinsin.ton-gardens and other places of public resort; also, from the borongh of Warwick, against the Maynooth Grant, and against a bill for abrogating the Oath of Abjuration, &o. (The noble lord observed that he did not concur in the prayer of the last two petitions); by the Earl of EGLoiTOUS, in favour of the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; also from the Edinburgh Chamber of Commerce and the Edinburgh Company of Merchants objecting to certain portions of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Bill; by the Earl of satnDbVIcsE, from certain operatives and artisans of Newcastle-on-Tyne, with reference to the Maritime Law, and praying Parliament to annul what they called " the illegal act of the British Plenipotentiaries at Paris ;" and by the Earl of DEsBY, from various places in Scotland in favour of the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill, against it, and in favour of the Scotch Education BilL AFFAIRS OF ITALY. Lord LYNDIHURST said that in giving notice of the motion which stood in his namo for Tuesday next his intention was to do good to the cause of Italy, but as it had been intimated to him that the reasons which had induced him to withdraw his former notice still existed, it was not his intention to proceed with the motion on Tuesday next. The Earl of CLARENDON expressed his satisfaction at the determination at which the noble and learned lord had arrived. He believed that the course which had been taken bythe Govermuent was likely to have an effect in Italy, and he thought that any discussion which might lead to irritation would endanger the success of the negotiations which were now in progress. OXFORD UNIVERSITY BILL. On the motion of Earl GraNvmLL this bill was read the second time. BANKERS' COMPOSITIONS BILL. On the motion of Lord STvALEY of ALDBRLnuY this bill was read the third time and passed. INTERNATIONAL MARITI3IE L,A.W. Lord COLCHESTEEM in rising to move the resolutions of which he had given notice, condemnatory of the declaration respecting maritime law, signed by the Plenipotentiaries recently assembled in Congress at Paris, regretted that a subject the importance of which could hardly be overrated, had not fallen into abler hands, and claimed the indulgence of their lordships while he stated the reasonswhich had induced him to bring it forward. It would be his duty to impugn the decision of persons of the highest station and the greatest abilities, who had been chosen by their respective Sovereigns to negotiate a treaty of peace and deal with other important questions; but he was sure that the noble earl opposite, the principal plenipotentiaryof England in the conferences at Paris, as well as the representatives of *the other Powers, would not attribute to him any want of personal courtesy in venturing to call attention to what he could not but regard as a surrender of important rights and privileges hitherto enjoyed by this country. (Hear, hear.) He believed it had been said that in raising the present question he might be accused of again bringing before their lordships the terms of the treaty of peace. He was not conscious of any such intention. Their lordships had already discussed the treaty and expressed a favourable opinion of it. He certainlyshould not attempt to renew that discussion, but those who examined the declaration respecting maritime law would observe that the subject did not come before the Plenipotentiaries until some days after the treaty of peace had been signed. The two questions were perfectly distinct; and, indeed, the introduction by Count Walewski of the subject of maritime law was so little expectedby the other Plenipotentiaries, that two of themCount Orloff and Count Buol-stated that they could not enter into the consideration of it at all until they had received fresh instructions from their respective Sovereigns. The treaty of peace was signed on the 30th of Mlarch, but the maritime law operations were not mentioned in the conferences till the 8th of April. He cordiaUy acknowledged the excellence of the object which the French plenipotentiary had in view when, on the day named, he called the attention of the Congress to a variety of important and interesting subjects bearing on the welfare of mankind and the repose of Europe; but the question he wished to submit to their lordships was, whether the principles laid down in the declaration respecting maritime law were really such as would render war less inconvenient to neutrals, while maintaining the belligerent rights of those unhappily engaged in hostihities. The declaration contained four separate principles or maxims. It was to the second of these that he chiefly desired to call the attention of their lordships; but at the outset he might mak-e one general observation-viz., that the whole of the new maxims were expressed in language so concise, that they could hardly fail to lead to (hifterent constructions when practically applied in courts of law. The first stood thus in the English version-" Privateering is, | andremainsabolished." IntheoriginalFrench the words I were-"ILa course Cst ct denzeure abolie." Whether the English version was a correct translation or not he would not presume to say; but in a published work on maritime law, in which the same principle was expressed in the same wrord;,the phrase, "La course ea et deneasre abolie," was translated in English, " Cruising is, and remains abolished." The first point to which he would refer was privateeringthe first article laid down. There could be no objection to this article; hut it was important to know whether other nations would agree to it; and it might be doubted whether the words were sufniciently clear. on this point his noble friend (Lord EIlleuborough) appeared to have doubts, which he would no doubt explain to the House. With regard to blockades, wh'at was laid down in the article was only a confirmationof the existing law; and as to the third article, it contaed avery proper maxin, and in itself consistent wvith the decision of British courts, but it must here be considered iu connexion with maxim 2, and the term " contraband" should have been defined, being now so differently held by different treaties and general maritime law. The second maxim, that " the neutral flag covers the enemy's goods," was a piinciple contrary to the existing law of nations as laid dovn by American as well as English lawyers, and never demitted by England except in treaties where the principle of seizing neutral goods in enemy's ships was also inserted. This was maintained successfully in argument against the Prussian Memorial in 1752, and by arms againstthe Northern Confederacy iniSOl. After mentioningthe authorities bywhom this principle had bee:i maintained from the earliest times, the noble lord observed that, coming down to later times, and to the writers of other countries, he found, in the United States, Chancellor Kent laying it down as the law of nations, that two distinct propositions had been recognized-viz., that the enemy's goods found on board neutral ships might be law. fully seized as prize of war. and that the goods of neutrals which were found on board of enemy's ships might be restored. These principles had been incorporated into the jurisprudence of the United States, and laid down by the Supreme Court as the law of nations. The question wvas, in fact, first raised in 1752 on the cession of Silesia by Austria to Prussia. One of the points then raised was the payment by Prussia of a certain sum of money due by Austria ta England. To this payment Prussia demurred, and put in a counter chainm, on the ground that England hsad confiscated her vesseis contrasy to the law of nations. The question afterwards came before the courts of judicature in this country. The proposition of Prussia was, that by the law of nations the goods of an enemy could not be taken on board the ship of a friend. The answer of the English law officers was, that the contrary of this was a rule that could not be disputed, and that it could not be more strongly proved than by the fact that exceptions had been made in particular cases. The next occasion on which this question hadlbeen maintained by the English Government was in 1780, during the -war of Arerican independence. At that time the Empress Catherine of Russia, along with Prussia and otherNorthern Powers, resisted this right on the part of England; bhut England exercised the right most efficiently. He found in the papers of Lord Malmesbury, afterwards published, the following statement, which would show how rigorously it had been maintained. " ' The Empress, Catherine II. herself, in speaking to Sir James Harris. called her 'armed neutrality,' an 'armed nullity;' and Prinee Potemkin, as the friend of Harris, said to him,-' Content yourself with destroying its effects; the resolution itself is immovable. As it was conceived in mistake and perfected by vanity, so it is maintained by pride and stubbornness. Yon well know the hold of these passions on a female mind, and if you attempt to loose you. will only tighten the knot.' "-Me1hon's History, vol. vii., p. 116. In X.793, the English Government continuing its old system, Russia and Prussia, and he thought Spain, all abandoned their policy of 1780 and came round to that of England. George IIL, in opening the sassion of the first united Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, in 1801, said:- "Under these circumstances a convention has been con- eluded by that Court (Russia) with those of Copenhagen and Stockho&m, the object of which, as avowed by one of the contracting parties, is to renew thei former engagements for establishing byiforce a new code of maritime law, inconsistent with the rights and hostile to the interests of this country." " In this situation (said bfr.Pitt) I have taken thse earliest measures to support those principles wvhich are essential to the maintenance of our naval stren,, , and grounded on the system of public law,s so lon established and recognized in Euroe." iiventualy, however, Russia gave up her claim; it was agreed that her flag should not cover enensies' goods or contraband of war, and that yrinciple was acted upon until tlhe end of the -war in lSl.a He thought, therefore, he ha I established some ground for that clause of his resolutioa 'which declared that Great Britain, although occasionally waving the exercise of this right by special treaties, hat invariably refused to recognize the abandonment of a principle whitch successive Governments had concurred in considering identified with her national greatness. In 1787 zx treaty of commerce was concluded w%ith France, and. Lord Insldowne, who was then Prime Minister, as Lord Shelburne, in supporting the commercial articles, on the par; relating to the neutral code said:- " The neutral code struck at the distinguishing forte of England-that power which more particularly belonged to her. Heartily eoncerned, therefore, as-he was, that the article appeared in the treaty, he hoped that no mention would dare to be made of it in another, without the advice ad sanction of Parliament." The grievances complained of by neutrals had arisen mora from disregard of the established maritime law than from its proper exercise. The Berlir and Milan Decrees, which 'Were laed in violation of the ordinary law of blockade, and the British orders in Council of 1867 were only justIfiable on the ground of setaliation, and wero measures adopted, not in purs-uance, but in disregard, of the established law of nations. The Berlin Decree, dated November, 1806, declared the British Isles to be in a state of blockade. The British order in Council of January, 1S07, prohibited the trade of neutrals between ports from which the British flag was excluded; and the order of November, 1807, imposed a total blockade of those ports. These orders professed to be retaliatory against France, and without reference to that character they could not be defended. The Milan Decree, dated the 26th of December, 1807, imposed still stronger pressure npon British commerce and British maritime warfare. The establishment of the British orders in Council of 1S07-09 was, doubtless, a great and signal departure from the ordinary administration of justice in the ordinary state of the exercise of publiEc hostility; but was justified by that extraordinary deviation from the common exercise of hostility in the conduct of the enemy. He thought the systemr uroposed by the receht treaty was objectionable in principle, as tending to prolong wars by depriving the stronger beDigerent of the power of reducing his enemy to sue for peace in consequence of exhaustion; as under that system the weaker Power might carry on his commerce, notwithstanding the destruction of his own marine, through the means of neutr2a vessels, and for the same reason he would also be able to employ =l his seamen in suips of war without crippling his commerce. Was it likely that the stronger Power would submit quietly to such interference on the part of neutrals, and might not other nations besides the original belligerents be thus involved in quarrels ? Aany circumstances concurred to render it a matter of extreme regret that a question of such great importance should have been decided without any previous reference to Parliament. Plenipotentiaries assembled in Pasis for totally different purposes had undertaken the settlement of a subject which had no legitimate connexion vwith the duties assigned to them. (Hear, hear.) This appeared avery anomalous pro-ceeding, and what made it still more objectionable was, that there was reason to apprehendthat the question hadnotbeen discussed with the deliberation due to its importance, but that, on the contrary, it had been hurried over with unbecoming expedition. The whole matter was arranged between the oth and the 16th of April, and, when allowance was made for the delay of sending home for instructions, it would be seen that the question could scarcely have occupied the attention of the conference for more than two days. (Hear, hear.) Moreover, the power of the Crown to assent to changes introduced under such circumstances might hereafter be called in question. (Hear.) It was not quite so clear thsat such a declaration as that to which the plenipotentiaries had subscribed their signatures would be bining in a court of law. The maritime law, which was a nortion of the law of nations, had frequently been asserted to be also part of the law of the land, and it remained to be seen 'whether British plenipotentiaries could sign away the lawv of the land without the consent of Parliament. (Hear.) iIewould not take ipon him to say that he had not such a power; but assuredly the question was one of great national importance, and eminently worthy of the attentive consideration of their lordrhips. (Hear.) The noble lord concluded by moving the following resolutions:- " That the most eminent jurists of all ages have accepted as a principle of international law that the right of capturingan enemy's goods on board of neutralvessels is inherent in all belligerent Powers ; that the maintenance of this right is of essential importance, and its abandonment of serious injury to a Power whose main reliance is on her naval supe-riorit "That GreatBritain consequently-although occasionally waiving the exercise of the right by specific treaties-has I invariably refused to recognize the abandonment of a prin- ciple which successive Governments have concurred in consideringidentified with her national greatness; " That this House deeply regrets that a principle so long and so strenuously maintained should, in the recent conferences at Paris, have been suddenly abandoned, 'without the previous sanction or knowledge of Parliament, by plenipotentiaries assembled for the purpose of discussing the terms on which peace vith Russia might be concluded, and the affairs of the East satisfactorily adjusted." The, Earl of CLARENDON-The noble lord having done me the honour to make particular allusion to me in the commencement of his speech, I beg to tender him my best acknowledgments for the L-ind feeling that pervaded his allusions, as wellas for the tone of good temper in which he has brought this question under your lordships' consideration. Never was a vote of censure proposed in a more urbane spirit, or with more poEshed courtesy. (Hear, hear.) I shall endeavour to imitate the example of the noble lord by carefully avoiding the introduction of irritating topics, which it would iU become me to import into this debate, and which can nowhere be more out of place than in diseussing a question of great national importance. I trust, however, that I shaU be able to conNince your lordships that the resolutions of the noble lord contain statements not quite consistent with the fact, and that you would not be consulting either the honour or the interest of England in pledging yourselves to the principles he advocates. The noble lord lays it down as a principle that the right to seize enemies' goods under a neutral flag is so closely i nterwoveu with the law of Europe. and so necessary for our safety as a great maritime Power, that it would not conduce either to the dignity or the welfare of England to surrender it. But if you affirm this doctrine, you must do so in an absolute and uneonditional sense-you must give it no limitation either as to place or time-you must accept it everywhere and for ever, and this I cannot but think would be a most unwise and injudicious proceeding where mutation is the visible law of society, and where everything is changing around us. More particularly would it be unwise and injudicious to take such a course with respect to a matter 'which the noble lord himself admits has been repeatedly altered to meet the exigencies of the times, and against which all the great maritime Powers of the world have constantly and consistently protested. It is true, as the noble lord observes, that the fhist declaration announcing that the goods of an enemy under a ineutral Sag were lawful prize of war is to be found in the Con.solato dd Jlfare, a treatisewritten inthe Provencaltongneinthe 13th century. I think that we should always bear ia mind that jurists are apt to state thelawsimply as it is, without making reference to the law as it ought to be; and, consequently, we shall find jurists of the time of Grotius defending the right of belligerents to put women to death and to kill prisoners after surrender. (Hear, hear.) We can, however, no more I rely on jurists in their defence of such practices than on the opinions of eminent lawyers in this country who formerly lSupported by argument and authority some of tife worst parts of our penal code. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord has quoted the judgments of eminent men in this country, more particularly on international law, but I think we have I no more right to presume that their opinions would now be tlie same on international law, which is founded on i reason, justice, and the common consent of eivilized nations than we have to suppose that the judges who formerly sup ported some of the worst parts of our penal code would now I maintain such opinions. Upon this subject the eminent nmen of former days would now, if they lived in the present i day, take into consideration the great changes of policy, I xmay say of morality, which are constantly taking place, and which necessarily carry with them great changes inthe inter|ourse of civilized nations. Nor can I altogether admit the principle laid down by the noble lord opposite that we are justified in resorting toextreme measures in orderto hasten a period of peace; for I consider aU such generalities dangerous, and that by a rule of that kind we might be justified in resorting to some of the most barbarous usages. (Hear, I hear.) Neither can I admit that in war we are to be go- verned by other principles than those which are adopted in the ordinary transactions of life. War may be mitigated by humanity, and a heavy responsibility weighs on those vw,io have the power to mitigate it, and yet refuse to do so. The noble lord, in his resolutions, says that all niodern jurists have been favourable to the principle he lays down; but, since the resolutions have been laid on the table, T have looked into the writings of eminent men of authority-such as Hulbner, Rayneval, AMartens, Chitty, Pardessus, and Wheaton-and all those writers contended that the principle laid down by the noble lord was a relic of barbarous times, and ought to lie replaced by the principle of " free ships, free goods." It has been, and still is, the object of civilization to mitigate the miseries of war, and to define and extend the rights of neutrals. By land we should think it disgracefrd to seize the property of neutral and peaceful persons, but that is not the case by sea; and we even give licences to bucaniers to seize property. There is no assignable reason for this difference, except that the acts committed by sea are less under observation than those committed by land; and the force of opinion is less brought to bear on the former. The present state ofthe maritimelawis indeed little differentfromitsstate in barbarous ages. Tho early ages copied it from the Roman law, which was not the law of nations, but the municipal law of onome, which they were justified in applying to their own subjects. Those, however, who copied that law, and wish to apply it to neutrals, appear to do that which they have no right to do. Belligerents have an unquestionable right to blockade the ports of an enemy, and to prevent the enemy being supplied with munitions of war, and the neutrals who break the blockade, or supply the enemy with munit ons of war, may lawfully be interfered with, because by so doing they abandon the character of neutrality and impartiality. .If, however, they fulfil the obligation of neutrality, we have no: claim to interfere with them. By the present law of Europe, however, we cannot deny that neutrals have a right to go to the ports of the enemy, 'which are not strictly blockaded, or of the blockade of which a public and sufficient notice lhs not been given; and we cannot deny that they have a right to trade there, except with contraband of war. It is true we have hitherto claimed a more extensive right and delegated it to bucaniers, whose only object was plunder; the only difference between them and pirates consisting in the fact that they carried a Royal licence. It is against this violation of the neutral flag that neutrals constantly protested, and would, if necessary, always resist, having reason and justice on their side. Thenoble lordin hs resolutions says that the right to seize enemy's goods in neutral vesaels has been occasionally waived, and he quotes three treaties in which the right had been waived. '1he first English treaty on record which contains the principle "free ships, free goods" is that of Westniinster in 165, between Joha IV. of Portugsl and Oliver CromwelL In the 23d article of that treaty it was declared,-" That all the goods and mercbandis of the said republic or leig found on board the ships of either or their people or subjeec ah a.U remain nntonched,'' Thbi treatvwas coifirmed by the treaty of Whitehall of 1661-it was reconfirmed in 1703, and remained in force until IS1O, -hen it was anmulled by the treaty of Rio Janeiro. For 156 years, then, the in. variable rule of our intercourse with Portugal was ' free ships free goods." With France, in the year 1677, we concluded the treaty of St. Germain en Laye, the 8th article of vhich treaty declared that, " merchandise of the enemies of the Most Christian King shaUl not be taken or confLscated if they are found on board the ships appertaining to the subjects of Great Britain, though the said merchandise msnke up the best part or the whole lading of the said ships, but still with an exception to contraband of war," and simnilarly with regard to the erechandise of the enemies of Great Britain on board the ships of the Most Christian King. These stipulations were therule of our anicablerelations with France. as established by treaty for the next 116 years; from 1677 to 1793 we concladed 'with France five treaties of peace and three treaties of commerce, and in every oneof them (except that of Rysvick-, which makes no mention of the matter, and only lasted five years) there is an article which either expressly contains the provision that the flags of England and France should protect the goods of their respective enemies, or which renews the treaty of Utrecht, which lays down that provision in the fullest manner. That treaty is to this day the basis of our commercial relations between England and Spain and France and Spain. With Spain our first treaty which recognized the rule of " free ships free goods" was in 1665. From that time to 1796 we concluded 13 treaties -with Spain, in every one of which there is an article to that effect, or one renewing a treaty -which contains it; therefore, for the 131 years ending with 1796 the rule of our intercourse with Spain, as established by treaty, was " free ships, free goods." The treaty of 1S14 ratified and confirmed aU treaties of commerce which subsisted between England and Spain in 1796. it is declared by the 17th article of the commercial treaty of Utrecht between England and France, that:- "It shall be lawful for all the subjects of the Queen of Great Britain, and of the Most Chistian King, to sail with their ships writh all manner of liberty and security, no distinction being made who are the proprietors of the merchandise laden thereon, from the places, ports, and havens of those who are enemies of both, or of either party, without any opposition or disturbance whatsoever, not only directly from the places of the enemy aforementioned to neutral places, but also from one place belongingto an enemy to another place belonging to an enemy; whether they be under the jurisdiction of the same prince, or under several. And it is IIow stipulated, concerning ships -and goods, that free ships shall also give freedom to goods, and that every thing shall be deemed to be free and exempt which shall be found on board the ships belonging to the subjects of either of the confederates, although the whole lading, or any part thereof, should appertain to the enemies of either of their Majesties, contraband goods being always excepted." The 17th article of the Treaty of Commerce of 'Utrecht was repeated v-rbatim in the 20th article of the Treaty of Commerce of Versailles of 178G. This treaty terminated with the war of 1793, therefore, from 1677 to 1793, the al but invariable rule of our friendly intercourse with France-the rule for at least 75 years out of S0 years of peace-was that free ships should give freedom to goods. lt is worthy of remark that by the comnaercial treaty of 'Utrecht of 1713, which continued in force, except during periods of war, for the subsequent S0 years, the subjects of one party were entitled bv treaty to carry on the coasting and colonial triade of the enemies of the other party. With Holland we concluded various treaties, beginnin with the treaty of Buda in 16G7, all of which contained the rule, and these were continued down to 1780. In the interval between 1654 and 1793 we were six times at war with France, seven times -with Spain, and three times with the united provinces of Holland, and we terminated those wvars by six treaties with France, seven with Spain, and three with Holland, all of which recognized the rule. During the same time we concluded with those Powers aud with Portugal 18 treaties of commerce-in all 34 international engagementsin all of which, with the exception of the treaty with France in 1667 and the treaty with HoUand in 1784, the principle was recognized that the ships of one party being neutral should make the goods carried by them neutral also. Itherefore do not think that there can be anything incon sistent with the honour and interests of this country in recognizing at the end of this war a rule which we have so frequently recognized during the last 125 years in conjunction with all the great martime Powers. It is perfectly true that these engagements were frequently violated, and by none more flagrantly than by ourselves. In 1693, in conjunction wvith the Duteh, .we declared all the French ports blockaded, and w e never sent a single ship to enforce the blockade. We'declared, by our decrees, that there shouldbhe no trade between France and her colonies. and we entered into a league with Russia, Prussia, and the Emperor of Germany to prevent any such trade being carried on. The noble lord himself said most truly that the French and English Governments-after the French Revolution, which in reality led to all theseinfractions of international engage. ments, and without which aU the treaties to which I have referred would still be in force-combined together, and vied with each other, by orders in Council and by the Berlin and Milan decrees, in violating to their utmost al the rights of justice aud ties of international treaties. That was a practice which the noble lord himself has condemned. Lord COLCHESTERB-I condemned paper blockades, except as a retaliatory measure. The Earl of CLIARENDONL.-The different measures taken by the ilorthern Powers at various periods showvtheir anxiety to resist these violations, as they were considered, of international law. They concluded between themselves 4( treaties in 31 of wvhich the principle "free ships free goods' was recognized. The United States immediately after the Declarationof Independenceconcludeda treaty vith Sweden, which still exists, and they also concluded a treaty witb France, in both of which tile principle wvas recognized. The United States have also concluded treaties with the different States of South America, as they declared their independence, in all of which the principle was recognized, with this reservation, that it should be adopted by both belligerents. In the conrse of the last two centuries 130 international engagements have been raade between the principal Powers of the world, in all of which, except 11, the rule "free ships free goods" is contained. What I deduce from that is, that in time of war, in the heat and animosity of war, men lay aside this principle, but when under thb influence of reason and judgment they never hesitate to declare that that should be the rule of civilized nations. And yet the first thing which your lordships are caUed onto do after the conclusion of this war isto pronounce a judgment which shall condemn this universally acknowledged principle, aud reverse the rule we have always observed in concluding treaties. What was the state of things when the war commenced? It was indispensable that our co-operation with France should be as complete by sea as by land, but the principles of the maritime law of the two countries were diametrically opposed to each other. The French respect enemies' goods on hoard neutral vessels, hut they confiscate neutral goods on board enemies' vessels, while we confiscate enemies' goods on board neutral vessels, and respect neutral goods in enemies' vessels. It is neediess for me to dilate on the confusion which would have existed if each Power had continued to hold to its own principle. There must have been the greatest dissensions between the two fleets; aU co-operation would have been impossible, and the neutrals would have had the greatest right to complain of the different treatment which they received from the French and English cruises Between the two there would have been no loophole of escape for themn. The only rational course was, that each should abandon its own system, and that the maritime code of the two Powers should be assimilated. (Hear, hear.} And now, my lords, let me ask, having once waived these rights, was it possible for us to return to them? This is not a question of law-not- even of international law-but of policy. Every other maritime Powei in the world has protested against our practice, and at the commencement of the war England was the only Power which upheld the right of seizure. Ii your lordslaps could be aware, as I was, of the anxiety of the neutral Powers at tiae commencement of the war to know whether we meant to maintain our old rule, you would understand the importance of the subject. Almost daily inquiries were addressed to me by the representatives of the neutral Powers, and though I certainly cannot say that the maintenance of our former rule would have led to another armed neutralitv, it was quite plain that we should have stood alone in the world-we should have had every other maritime Power against us, and most properly so-because we should have been maintaining a law which was contrary to the public opinion of the world, which was hostile to commerce, and as unfavourable as possible to a mitigation of the evils of war. We should not only have stood alone in the world-but it was quite clear that we should have been at war not only with Russia, but with every other maritime Power in the world. Whenever there has been a war between maritime Powers England has been a principaL The United States, which have almost always been neutral, are naturallylooked upto as the protectors of neutral rights, and your lordships will recollect the difficulties in which: our maintenance of the right involved us with the United States in 1811. The tonnage of the United States was then somewhere shout 1,000,000 tone, but last year it was no less than 5,303,000 tons. WVouldthe Americans have quietly submitted to the imposition of our law and practice? Should we, do your lordships think,- have allowed any nation on earth to infrict serious injury upon us in carrying out a law whichw e do not recognize ? I will read to your lordships the note of Mfr. Marcy, acknowledging the receipt of the order in Council, issued at the commenceent of this war- Department of State, Washington, April 23, 1854. "The undersigned, Secretary of State of the United States, has had the honour to receive the note of Mr. Crampton, Her Britannic Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary, of the 21st inst., accompanied by the declaration of Her majesty the Qaeen of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in regard to the rule which will for the present be observed towards those Powers with whom she is at peace in the existing war with Russia. "The undersigned has submitted those communications to the President, and received his direction to express to Her Majesty's Government his satisfaction that the principle that ' free ships make free goods,' which the United States have so long and so strenuously contended for as a neutral right, and in which come of the leading Powers of Europe have concurred, is to have a qualiied sanction by the practical obseryance of it in the present war by both Great Britain and France-two of the most powerful nations of Europe. "S Notwithstanding the sincere gratification which Her Majesty's declaration has given to the President, it would have been enhanced if the rule alluded to had been announced as one which would be observed not only in the present, but in every future war in which Great Britain shall be a party. The unconditional sanction of this rule by the British and French Governments, together vith the practical observance of it in the present wr, would cause it to be henceforth recognized throughout the civilized world &sa general principle of international lav. This Government, from its very commenoemeat, has laboured for its recognition as a neutral right. It has incorporated it in anyof its treaties with foreign Powers. Fance, Russia, lru8sia, and other nations have, in various wvays, fully concurred with the UJnited States in regarding it as a sound and salutary principle, in all respects proper to be in.corporated into the lawv of n ations. §' Tohe same consideration which has inducedRer Britannic Ma3jesty, in concTrrence with the Emperorof the Frencb, to present it as a concessionin the present wavr, the desire ' to preserve the commerce of neutrals from all unnecessary obstruction,' will, it is presumed, have equal weight with the belligerents in any fatare war, and satisfy them that the claimns of the principal maritime Powers, while neatral, to have it recognized as a rule of international law are well founded, anz shoulde no longer contested. "To settle the princ:.ple that ' free ships make free goods,' except articles contraband of war, and to prevent it frosm being called again in question from any quarter, or under any circumstances, the United States are desirous to> unite writh other Powers in a declaration that it shall be observed by each hereafter as a rule of international law. " The exemption of the property of neutrals, not contraband, from seszure and confiscation when laden on board an enemy's vessel is a right now generally recogiized by the law of nations. The President is pleased toperceie,from the declaration of Her Britannic Majesty, that the course to be pursued by her cruisers Will not bring it into question in the present war. "The unde led is directed bythe Preident to state to Her 3Iajes3's Minister to this Government that the United States, while claiming the full enjoyment of their rights as a neutral Power, will observe the strictest neutrality towards each and all the belligerents. 'The laws of this country impose severe restrictions not only upon its own citizens, but upon all persons who may be residents witnin any of the territories of the United States, against equippins privateers, receiving commissions, or enlisting-men therein, for the purpose of taking a part in any foreigen war. It is not apprehended that there will be any attempt to violate the laws; but should the just espectation of the Presiden;t be disappointed, he will not fail in his auty to use all the power with which he is invested to enforce obedience tothem. Considerations of interest and the obligations of' duty alike give assurance that the citi3ens of the Unitedi. States will in no way compromise the neatrality of theircountry by participating in the contest in which the princi_pal Powers of Eurog,p ara now unhappily engaged. "lhe undersigned, &c., *- W. L. MARCY." I most say that I think that that is a very moderate and a. very dignified note. But if that were the state of things in 1854, 1 would ask your lordships whether we have any reason to suppose that there will be any change nowv-that - civilized nations have retrograded-that humanity has dis- - -appeared, or that anything has occurred to render less strin- gent or less obligatory the motives which imposed upon usthe necessity of passing the order in Council of M854? Those who know the mode in which that order in Council was received by most of the neutral Powers must at once admit how important it is, and how dangerous it would be to do anything to check the friendly feeling which was then created. Betwehaveneveryetexperienced what the ap-- phication of our own doctrines to ourselves would be. Suppose that France and the United States were engaged in a war in which we took no part, and that a French cruiser stopped a Liverpool ship in the Channel with a great quantity of merchandise in her, and the cruiser -being too small to take the merchandise on board, took the vessel into port to unload her, what should we think of a law which sanctioned such a state of things? (Hear, hear.) Believing, then, that it would be quite im- possible to revert to our former policy, we thought that it - would be wise, and politic, and expedient, when we were nder no compulsion and our motives could not be misun- derstood, to make that declaration in the hope that weshould thereby mitigate the evils of war and should con- cil7ate a friendly feeling among the neutral Powers;* and I think it must be admitted that the law of nations, 'which iS founded upon the Jits naturce, and the comnueis conctssus gpetium, prescribed and justified the declaration which we made. (Hear, hear.) Your lordships are called upon by this resolution to express your regret that the Pleniootentiaries assembled at the Congress of Paris should have announced the abandonment of this practice vithout the* knowledge and consent of Parliament; but if there be any prmciple of our constitution which is more generally known and more universally admitted than another, it isthe right of the Crown to concludce treaties with other countries withoutthe knowledgeor consent ofPariiament; andfor this, among other good reasons, that if youhad to secure the sanction of Parliamentbefore you made a treaty you never could make a treaty at all. Do you think if the articles of this treaty, or even the basis upon wvhich it is founded; had been submitted to Parliament, that any such treaty woudd everhave been signed? I can tell your lordships that it was not a very easy matter to accomplish, even vwith a dozen negoti- ators; hbut if a thousand had been caled in, with the addi- tion of the daily newspapers, it would have been quite impossible. (Hear.) I have read to your lordships a list of the various treaties which have been entered into by thiscountry, renouncing that very principle; and vith regard to no one of them was the sanction of Parliament ever asked, or the prerogative of the Crown ever called in question. As to our right to conclude such a treaty, I will read to your lordships what I am sure you will consider a very high authority. Lord Stowell says,- " Parliament has realy nothing to do with the matter. Tne Crown, which declares general hostilities, can limit their operation ; and again, it is indubitable that the king may, if he pleases, give an enemy liberty to import-he may by his prerogative of decLring peace and war place the country of H olland in a state of amity, or, afortiorz, he may exempt any individual from n state of wvar." (1 Acton's Report, Moreover, when the order in Council v.as passed, t.he senseof Parliament wFas taken by an hon. and learned g,entleman, a member of Doctors'-commsons (Dr. Phillimorc), who asked the other HEouse of ParLiament to resolhe that. to surrender or renounce this right would be inconsistent with the honour and security of this country. After a short debate the House of Commons was upon that occasion counted out, which shows how little the House thouightthatthe sanction of Parliament was required. Your lordships are further called upon to express your regret that "A principle so long and so strenuously maidntainea should, in the recent conferences at Paris, have been suddenly abandoned, without the previous manction or knowledge of Parliament, by Plenipotentiaries assembled for the purpose of discssing the terrms on which peace with Russia - might be concluded, and the affairs of the East satisfactorily adjusted." fow, of course I am the last person to complain of the censure being made as general as possible, or that all the Plenipotentiaries are included in a resolution which, I pre- - sume, was intended to impute blame to Lord Cowley and myself; but I think that your lordahips will have some difriculty in placin,, upon record your regret that all the Plenipotentiaries sloud have renounced a principle to which theirGovernments objected,withoutthesanction of the Parliament of Great Britain. (" Hear," and a laugh) In puruing thecoursewhichwehave donc in Paris weaveadoptecdprecisely the course which wvas taken in Vienna-to which the noble lord referred-when all the plenirotentiaries agreed to that m ueLorable declaration b which they affirmed that the slave trade was a scourge which had too long desolated Africa, degraded Europe, and afflicted humanity, and thatmeasures should be taken for its repression. If 'we had confined ourselves within the strict limits of our attributions. we should have left unsettled many important matters, which, altlhough they did not relate to our quarrel with Russia, it was most desirable should be arranged. If we had acted upon that rule not a word would have been said about Italv-not a syllable would have been uttered upon the principle of mediation; and yet I believe that by thediscussion of that subject we have opposed a new and not insignificant obstacle to war. (Hear, hear.) BntLordCowleyandanyself didnothesitate-of course withthe consent of Her Majesty's Government-to afix our sig- natures to a declaration which changed a policy that we believed it would be impossible, as wel as against the inter-- ests of England, to maintain, taking care at the same time tbat France renounced a principle to which we had always- objected, thus placing oulr maritime law exactly on the same footing, and giving an additional security for the asainte- nanc of our alliance, coupling it, moreover, w ith that provision with respect to privateering which will be of tXhe tmostbenefittoacommercialnation like England;- for I entreat your lordships to bear in mind that the provisionscontain inthe declaration must betaken in their eitirety, both by the contractingparties and bythe Powe which may be invited to accede to them ; and I say theabolition of privateering is more than equivalent for the abandonment of a claim which I know it to be im- possible to sustain. (Cheers) I beg vonto rememnber thatthe abolition of pnvateering-'which is little leEs than licensed piracy or bucaniering-the fruitfuil souirce of niquity andmseryin theirworstfornm-is of fargreaterimportance now than at any former period. When the- merchantman and the privateer both depended upon the wind for their power of motion they were comparatively upon a footing of equality, and, if the former were thefastear sailor, she coula escape from her enemy. But the greater part of our ommerce being still carried on in sailing vessels would be absolutely at the mercy of a privateer- moved by steam, however small; and I think, therefore, that the abolition of privateering will be of the utmost. advantage to a commercial community like that of England. (Cheers.) Moreover, when we have given -ap all or protec-- tive duties and are rapidly increasing our foreign' imports-when we have abandoned our monopoly of the colonial trade-in short, 'when we have renounred all those pretended rights and claims-each of' which has been in turn a British palladium and bulwark (a laugh)-I think we may reconile ourselves to having gien up a privilege which we cold not maintain, thereby dong much to mitigate the miseries of war and bring about a cordial feeling among nations. (Cheers.) W ithout troubling your lordships w.ith any further observations, I can only say in conclusion that, if I have showvn that the mostem inent jurists have not been infavourofthe principle contended for by the noble lord opposite; that that principle may safely be renounced becausc it cannot be maintained without serious injury to England and involving us in hosti- litieswith other nations;thatE;ngland has not onlv occasion- ally waved, but even formally, unequiivocally, an d without the sanction of Parliament, abandonedit * andthat there was nothing new or irregular in the proceedings of the British Plenipotentiaries atParis; then I tnust your lordships 'will concur with mue in rejecting the resolution of the noble lord Opposite. (Cheers.) The Earl of CARiARVON hoped their lordahips would not miix up the question relative to privateering with that of the concessions to neutrals. (Hear, hear.) They stood upon an entirely different footing, although it might be easy to confound them, and to represent an opposition to extravagant concessionsto nentrals as a defence of privateering. (Hear, hear.) The noble earl had not even attempted to answer the question-what value was to be attached to the declaration respecting mairtime law? It was not a treaty. Was it a convention or a mere understanding between the Governments represented at Piris? L Ithe event of any future war, would it be necesary to incorporate it into orders in Council, or to obtain for it the sancion of Parliam ent? The Plenipotentiaries declared in the preamble that the "uncertainty of the law" gave rise to differences of opinion between neutrals and belligerente H e denied thatthelaw was uncertain, and was surPrised that any English Government should have made such a confession. Thewhole stream of authoritywas in favour of the principle hitherto maintained by Englnd, (Hear.) But te noble e arl aske their lord ships to belie tattheabeoli- tion of privateeriog was a fair equivalent for our oocns- I I I i i be searched for contrabiand. of war, and yon thereby' admit the pzinciple of the violation of the eleatral flag, and you continue the damage and inconvenience which- resu-t to merchantmen from be;ng overhanled ou the open sea. But yon pointit more especiaUv against Amnerica, because you say tbatthe limaited advanta'ges whicln are gven to neutrals under this new law shall only be shared byhtlioe who adhere to this declartion. The noble dukep opposite expressed a hope that the Aiericans would Aadere. to this decibration, and more Pahurticui3y that they would give up the inaciple of privateering, hut the President or the United otates, who is alnost as gooa an authority Don American affairs as the noble duke, told you onlya year aolthat this w was a right whiecl the Americs would nevergive dp, nor ever consent toh discuss. By thae srxender you have mnade youL do not escane thes hostility of neutral nations upon the ground lof the; right of search, and you make the hostility of Americamore poithedl hy nibentaining agaiont her prtivarp the right of search in its full integrity. That is always the result; But this wonld put an eny to naval warfal altagether. It was argaed that becnaun endletieoof otende tteven on ioa ea nentral are maerely goods, en on boarda netl, re eey the property of an individuaj, not the progerty of a the] State, they should not be seized; but why ao you not extend your principle, and say that merchant ships, being private property, unarmed and eDnaged merely in the prosecution of commerce, ought to be allowed to pass through the belligerent cruisers ? I defy you to drav the line. If you grant one principle yon must grant the other. And yet, among allthe treaties to whichnoblelords opposite have referred, and which I entirely pass by as being beside tbe question-for it is one thing to waive a right and another thing to give it up altogether-there is bat one-. treaty negotia'ed by Franllin with Prussia-which contaisu the principle that merchant ships should be allowed to paws through the cruisers of the belligerents. 7 am afraid, however, thatitis and always willbe one of the consequences of a state of warfaretoinrlict injury uponunoffendingindividuals, and if you limit these injuries to cases in which neutrals arm vtually assisting belligerents by bringing them what-is necessary for carrying on the operations of war-nay, even. by increasing the wealth and commercial strength of the country, we are doing nothmng but what is consistent withl natural law, and we are taking the best steps to put an end to war. But before I leave the United States and the fear which has been expressed that, in the event of our persisting the maintenance of our ancient claim, the UnitedF Stotes would'refuseto recog,nize it, let me read what Chancellor Kent and Professor Wheaton, who was lately American Minister at Berlin, say upon the subject. Let me premise it by saying that all the Powers who entered into this solemn league of neutrality to which they refer very soon. abandoned their principles. Within 18 years every one of themn had signed treaties in which the principles of neutrality were completoly given up. Chancellor Kent "The Baltic conventional law of neutrality was soon. abandoned, as not being sanctioned by the existing law of nations, in every case in which the doctrines of that code. did not rest on positive contracts. During the whole course. of the wars growing out of the French Revolution the. Government of the United States admitted the English rule tobe valid as the true and settled doctrine of internatioral law, and that enemy's property was liable to seizure on board neutral ships, and to be confiscated as prize of war. . . . The twvo distinct propositions that enemy's goods found on board a neutral vessel may lawfully be seized as prize of war, and that the goods of a neutral found on board an enemy's vessel were to be restored, have been explicitly incorporated into the jurisprudence of the United States, and declared by the Supreme Court to be founded on the law of nations. . . 1should apprehend the belligerent's right to be no longer an open question; and that the authority and ussage onwhsich that right rests m Europe and the long, explicit, and authoritative admission of it by this country have concluded us from malking it a subject oE controversy ; and that we are bonmd in truth and justice to submit to its regular exercise in every case and with every belligerent Power who does not freely renonce it." That is the declaration of one of the most eminent lawyers of America as to the bounden duby of that country with regard to the international law which we have always mnain. tained, and which he declares to be incorporated into the. law of the United States. Again, -what does that high authority Wheaton say upon the same subject ? Se says,- " Whatever may be thie true original abstract principle of natural law on this subject, it is undeniable that the constant usage and practice of belligerent nations, from the. earliest times, have subjected enemy's goods in neutral vessels to condemnation as prize of war. This constant and universal usage has only been interrapted by treaty stipula. tions, forming a temporary conventional law between the. partiestosuch stipulations. Bythe generalusage ofrnations, mdependently of treaty stipulations, the goods of an enemy, found on board the sbips of a friend are liable to capture. and condemnation. The primitive law, independently of' international compact, rests on the simple principle that. war gives the right to capture the goods of an enemy, but gives no right to capture the goods of a friend. The right to capture an enemy's prop has no limit but of the place where the goods are found, which, if neutral, will protec.. them frem capture. We have already seen that a neutral vessel on the hihseas is not such a place. The stipulation that neutral bottoms shall mak-e neutral goods is a concession. made by the'elligerent to the neutral, and gives to the. neutral ag a capacity not givento itby the primitive law or nations." Now, there is the doctrine laid down in support of the. opion of every British statesman, recognizing the law and the duty of neutral nations to submit to the right -which weclaim to exercise. I look upon this question as the most important which your lordships can be called upon to dis-- cuss; and depend upon it that the time will come, if you. don't estimate its importance now, you will deeply feel its consequences. (Hear, hear.) lay lords, I look upon- this act of the Government as cutting off the tight arm, as. it 'wete, of the country. I look supon it as depriving her of those natural advantages which her great maritiue powerhas given her in war, and of the exercise of that superiorityand those belligerent rights without which she is nothing. If she remains not the mistress of the seas she falls immediately and naturally into the position of a third-rate. Power. Erance and £ngland are the two greatest Powers of Europe, and God forbid that they should be separated. United, they may secure or they may imperil the peace or the world; but separated, they each have their i3eculiar means of offence and defence. The means of France is her army; and the main resort of England must always be to. her navy, 'whether it be to defend her own coasts from aggression, to which, thank God, she has hitherto been a, stranger, or to enforce her rights upon foreign nations. By the navy you must do it, and the more you circumscbe.nb the power of that navy the more you weaken the strength and influence of the country. (Hear, hear.) I confess that, I was astonished at the argument of the noble duke. -if, indeed, I could be astonished at any argument that. he employs-that the stronger a Power was at sea. the less important was it for her to maintain her maritime rights. The noble duke took the resolutions seriatinz, ana commented onthemwith various observations,. more or less important-I think most of them less. (A. laugh.) I will not follow him through his observationsbut I must meet his statement that the abandonment of the right which we have hitherto possessed -was not an abandonment of any right or power the loss of which would be serious to this country. In order to test the value of that. opinion, let us take the recent case of the war with Russia. Now, I want to know where you would have been in thewar with Russia if you had abandoned the principle of cap. turing an enemy's goods in neutral vessels, and had been unassisted by the French military force. The only power which you could bring against Russia was a naval power;. and if that had been unsupported by military assistance what impression, I want to lknow, wouild you have made up to this moment upon Russia? (Hear, hear.) You might have greatly distressed Russia by the maintenance of' your maritime rights; you might, no doubt, have greatly inconvenienced and annoyed her by a blockade of her ports; but she sends her goods to.Memel-yon can't blockade Memel, -which is aPrussian port, and the commerce of Russia. is not interrupted by any naval operations of yours. (Hear, hear.) You conquered Russia, because, in addition to;yournaval power, you had the assistance of the greatest milhtary Power on the earth. If you had not had that assistance, would you have signed a peace with Russia for the next 10 yeasj unless it involved more humiliating concessions than. you have made by the abandonment of this right ? Whateverlosses Russia may have suffered by this war, whatever embarrassments she may have experienced, I hesitato not to' say that they are more than compensated by the adoption of that one article, gratuitously inserted by the French and. British plenipotentiaries, by which, in the words of Hr. Pitt, ys;: have sacrificed the maritime greatuiess of E3ngland. on the shrine of Russia. (Hear, hear.) Supwose, whicln~ God fo.-bid, that awar should arise between this country and Fance, what means have you of opposing France, except closing her up hermetically and stopping her commerce? Well, what are you to do? You can't blockade' thewhole cos oFrne-bt you can praActicalIy prevent 'her from sending out one single bale of merchandise, Yonr new law permitting French goods to go with impunity on board neutral vessels comes into operation; 3 ou have no' blockade. France gives up her whole commercial marine; she makes her vessels into vessels of war; she has seamen to man them; and, before your very face, she carries on herwhole commerce under the Prussian or Anierican flag. (Cheers.) You are powerless. Your power is gone. Yourright arm is cut off. Your only means of defence are. abandoned, and abandoned to at the suggestion of France. (Hear, hear.) Was there ever a hlimster so led bythe nose? (Cheers.) Was there ever aMLinisterwho so dli-. berately walked into the trap set before his face, and so' tamely and gratuitously surrendered the foundation of England's greatness? (Loud cheers.) The noble lord finds i. it a subject forlaughter; I hope the countrywilfindinit a. subject for laughter soene 10 years hence. A noble earl has. well said, "You ring your bells now; you Will have to. wring yourhands hereafter." You are exulting over peace. You are ringing your bells and illuminating your town. I say the country doss not seo the dangers to which it is exposed; hutdependupon it,when painful experience shall make the country wring her hands and not her bells, she.- will know on whose head to visit the consequences of the. decline of her power and greatness. (Loud cheers.) I go then to [the United States. Do you pretend that. izOCO miles of seacoast can be uninterruptedly, blockaded under whatever circumstancesof windor weather? Doyoumean to say yoa will apply that principle to a war with the. 'United States? What 'wil happen with regard to the com-- merce of the United States? The United States is not.' titled, unless she enters into the convention, to carr the goods of France; but supposing you are at war wZit the United States, what is your posiion?7 France isi a party to your convention, France has a perfect right to. carry goods like other neutrals, and France offers to carry the goods of the United States, with which she is at peaoe, and claunisto pass unquestioned nnless shecauries contraband of war. DoYOU mentoeoedeto tbatdemandortoxrefseit?
HOUSE OF COMMONS, THuRSDAY, MAY 22. The SPEARER took the chair at 4 o'clock. PRIV11TE BUSINESS. Trhe follow.ing bills w,ere read a third time and passed: Al.'ord Valley Rxailway Bill, Barnsdale and Leeds Road Bill, Rettering and Newvport-Pagnell Road Bill, Luton, Dunstable. and Welwyn Junction Bajiway Bill, Midland Railway Bill, Norfolk Railway Bill, Stockport and Warrington Road B.ll, W5olverhampton Water Bill. Petitions were presented by Mr. BYNG, from Abbey Chapel, Tavistock, praying for an improved version of the Bible; by Mr. DUNLOP, from the parochial board of Greenock, in favour of the INuisances Removal (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. BAIRD, from the employers and employed at certain manufacturing firms in Glasgow, against the arrestment of wvorkers' wages; by Mr. TOTrE.NHAm, from the proprietors of the New Ross bridge, against the billto amend the act relating to grand jury assesnsment in Ireland; by Mr. STRUTT, from the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of Nottingham, for the repeal or reduction of the duty on fire insurances * by Mlr. Du-NcAN, from the parochial board of Dundee, against the Poor Law Removal Bill; by 'r. SAsDARS, from the board of guardians of the Wakefield Union, again,st the bill forthe Removal of Scotch and Irish Panpers; by Mr. BLACKBURN, from the workmen of Whitehall foundry, Glasgow; fronm the workmen of Messrs. J. and G. Thompson, shipbuilders, Glasgow; and from the workmen of Messrs. J. and G. Adam, Denovan, Stirlingshire, against the arrestment of wages; from parishioners of Lorn, from the kirlk session, Kilsyth, and from the kirk session, North church, Dunfermilne, against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; by iMr. B. HUGIEIS, from the inhabitants of the parishes of Llanbebig, Llanrug, and Llanwnda, in the county of Carnarvon, against the abolition of church-rates; and from the clergy of the deanery of Menai, in the county of Anglesea, for the equalization of tithe rent-charges; by Ur. HADFIELD, from the Wrenpark 31ininm Company, Stoney Middleton; and from the Backdale Mining Comipany, both in Derbyshire, against the bill for ratin mines, or that lead mnines, particularly in Derbyshire, might be exempted from its operation; by Lord G-L%vn-wY, from the Retford board of guardians, against the clause in the Poor Law Amendment Bill vesting the right of electing district auditor in the Poor Law Board; by Mr. ToTTESIIAx, from the proprietors of Mountgarret-bridge, against the bill to amend the acts relating to grand jury assessments in Irelandi; by Mr. DILLwyw, from the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of Neath, in council assembled, against the London Corporation Bill - by Sir x. S. STE%wRT, from Mr. Allan Pollok, referring to statements concerninl him made in two petitions presanted to the House of Commons, and praying for inquiry; by Mr. GREAVN-S, from guardians of the poor of Warwick Union, against the Scotch and Irish Paupers Removal Bill by Mr. 310 DY, from Raddington, against the abolition of churchrates; and from Martock and Somerton, against military bands playing in the parks on Sundays; by Mr. CRAUFURD, from rrovost, magistrates, and town-council of the Royal Burgh of Ayr, in favour of Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill and Education (Scotland) BiU ; from the parochial board and the inhabitants of Newton-on-Ayr, against the- Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Bill; from owners and workmen at the ironworks of the Dalmellington Iron Companv, in the county of Ayr, praying that a law may be passed to declare the arrestment of the wages of workpeople illegal; by Mr. FoLFY, from the neighbourhood of Evesham, against the Agricultural Statistics Bill, as arbitrary and inquisitorial, and praying that the returns may be limited to wheat, barley, and potatoes; by Mr. BROTHERTON, from the board of guardians of the Salford Union, against the Scotch and Irish Pauper Removal Bill; by Mr. WIL1INSON, from the congregation of Camberwell. green Chapel, in favour of the abolition of the Irish church establishment; by Mr. STIRLISG, from kirk sessions of Collace, Kinglassie, and New Deer, and from the inhabitants of Borse, against the Lord-Advocate's Parochial Schools Bill ; by Mr. CROSSLEY, from the inhabitants of Southminster, Essex, to repeal all grants for religious teaehinn in Ireland; by Sir J. FERGUSSON, from the Presbve of Irvine, against bands playing in the parks on hunday; from tho parochial board of Fenwick, against certain clauses of the Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Bill ; from the parochial board of Ardrossan, against unlicensed brokers ; from the wine and spirit dealers and adult male inhabitants of Manchline, praying for the reueal of Forbes Mackenzie's Act; from the kirk session of New Cumnoch, and from the kirk session of Dalimellington, against the Lord-Advocate's Schools Bill; from the inhabitants of Dalmellington, against any alteration of Forbes BMackenzie's Act; and from the Free Church Presbytery of Ayr, in favour of the Lord. Advocate's Parochial Schools and Education Bills; by Mr. B-nmzs, from the guardians of the Settle Union, against the Scotch and trish Pauper Removal Bill; by Mr. Ar NsZP.nELHASTIS, from the Glaszow sub-dinL smrn of the Evangelical Alliance, against the Maynooth rant; by Sir A. OAMPEnLL, from the county of Argyll, for continuance of Scotch Fishery, Board; also for amendmments in Panish Schools Eim; by Mr. Emnmu-N DENuso?, from Honley, Longwood, Golcar, lockwood, Marsden, Stacthwaite, Mold-green, Linfit;- also from Netherthong, Holmbridge, Cartworth, Hncinlife, Upper Thong, Shepley, Austonley, Jackson-bridge, Thoens-bridge, in favour of a registrar's certificate of the age of children in factories being equivalent to a surgeon's certificate, as at present is the law; and from Otley, against the Scotch and IHish Pauper Removai Bill; by Sir J. SEHELLY, from the Board of Works for the Strand district, praying that the Leases and Sales of Settled Estates BiE may not pass intolaw, unless the clause inserted by the Solicitor-General into a like bill last session be inserted in this bill; by Mr. ToLLEBcaHE, from Ashbocking in Suffolk, against the grant to Maynooth; also, from Harthill, in Cheshire, against the abolition of church-rates; and by Mr. FULIE;, from the parish of Sutton-cumSleaford, for the same object; by Mr. G. S. DuFF, from the Free Church Presbytery of Elgin, in favour of the repeal of the Maynooth grant ; by Mr. ArtcHMULm HfAsl , from the Abbey parochial board, against the Poor Removal Bill; also, from the same, against the "wee wns ;" and (1) for alteration in the Nuisances Removal ill; by hMr. II UNDY, from Wirksworth, Middleton, Cromford, and Carsington, in Derbyshire; and by Mr. G. H. CAI-EciDLSH, from Ashover, Bonsall, Brassington, Crick, EDlton, fatloclc, Wensley, and Winster, in Derbyshire, against the Rating of Mines EiU* by M3r. KINNAIRD, from the Sunday Rlest A ssociation, praying for inquiry into the indiscriminate and fallacious method of enumerating the frequenters of the parks on Sunday, tending to delude the public, and from the inhabitants of theparish of Glass, N.B., against the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill by Mr. 3. D)uF, from the commissioners of supply of the county of* Eanfl¶ also from the Free Church Presbytery of Aberlour, in favour of the Lord-Advocates Educational Bills; by Mr. NOEL, from Exton, in the county of Rutland, against the playing of military bands on the Sunday; by Mr. PELLATT, from the dealers and consumers of hay and straw in the metropolis, praying that the bill now p ending to abolish the gross frauds in the hay and straw trade may be passed into a lawv; and by Mr. JMe!ES M'Gscx&on. from the mayor, aldermen and burgesses of the town and port of Sandwich, in favour of the reduction of the duty on fire insurances, for the usual reasons. On the motion of Viscount GODERICH, leavd of absence was given to Mr. Layard for a month on urgent private business. METROPOLITAN COMMUNICATIONS. Mr. JACKSON asked whether any steps were being taken to carry out the proposed opening from PiccadiUy to Park-lane ? Sir B. HALL said, the matter had been under the consideration of the Government, and measures would be taken for the purpose of making that opening, but he was afraid it could not be done without a bill, and of that due notice would be given. Sir F. KELLY asked -whether the House were to understand that no steps would be taken with a view to form any such street, except through the medium of an act of Parliament. Sir. B. HALL could not give any such assurance. If the parties through whose property tle opening must go consented, then, he apprehended, it would be unnecessary to pass an act on the subject. THE HORSES IN THE CRTIMEA. In answer to Sir D. L. EvANs, Mr. PEEL said, it was intended to bring home all the more valuable of the artiUery horses now with the army in the East. With regard to the horses of the Land Transport Corps, they would be disposed of partly in the East, and probably the greater part of the bit horses would be left there. THE WORKS AT WESTMINSTER-BREDGE. In answer to Mr. W. WILLLUMS, Sir B. HALL repeated the answer given by him a few evenings ago to the effect that the whole subject was under the consideration of Mr. Rendel and Mr. Simpson, and that he was waiting for their report. THE CO1IIMMUNICATION WITH lnDIA. Lord STANTLEY asked the President ol the Board of Control whether any steps were beinz taken by the Indian Government to facilitate the establishment of a line of telegraphic and other conimunication between England and India through the Euphrates Valley. Mr. V. SMITH said, he need hardly assure the noble lord that the Indian Govermuent took the deepest interest in any scheme intended to facilitate the communication with India. Two or three schemes had been submitted for the accomplishment of that object. One was to carry a rail. way from Seleucia to a place on the Euphrates, and so join with the navigation of that river. The other and the larger scheime was to continue the railway from Belgrade to Constantinople, to cross Asiatic Turkey, and descend the valley of the Euphrates don to Bussorah. Both those schemes bad been proposed for the favourable consideration of the Indian Government, and that favourable consideration would of course he given, but until the schemes were submitted in detail it would be impossible to enter into them minutely. When the noble lord spoke of facilitatig the communication with India it must be supposed that he meant facilitating it by means of pecuniary assistance or by a guarantee. Of course, however, that would not be done until the plans had been submitted in detail WVith reference to the electric telegraph, that was in muen the same position. A proposal had been made to carry on the telegraphfrom Alexandria to the Red Sea, and in that way across to India. The answer given by the Indian Government to this proposition was, that they could not give any opinion respecting it until the electric telegraph had actually reached Alexandria. The other scheme was to carry the same line on from Seleucia to join the Euphrates, and descend the valley of that riverto Bussorah. That scheme had been very much promoted by a gentleman of great celebrity, Dr. O'Shaughnessy, who had called the attention of the Indian Government to the advantages which this line possessed over the other he had mentioned. Both these plans, however, would receive evernconsideration, the object in view being to favour as much as possible the communication with India. THE INDIAN BUDGET. In reply to Mfr. J. G. PHLLDIORE, Mr. V. SM3ITH said, he intended to bring on the Indian budget when he could get a day. (A laugh.) POSTAL COMM0UNICATION WITH AUSTRALIA. Mfr. MACARTNEY asked the Secretary to the Treasury whether any decision had been come to upon the tenders for contracts sent in to the Treasury in March last to convey the mails to the Australian !colonies; and, if not, whether there was any prospect of some more satisfactory arrangement than existed at present for that purpose ? And whether there had been any progress made towards tenders being made for contracts to improve the postal comininication between London and Dublin by performing the journey from capital to capital within 12 hours? Mr. WILSON said that none of the tenders sent in for the conveyance of the mails to Australia were such as the Government felt justified in entertaining, and they had all been rejected. He had, however, been in communication with gentlemen interested in the colonies; he had nearly settled with them the best plan to be pursued; and in the course of one or two days advertisenients would appear for tenders. With regard to the Irish mails, the conditions which the Government thouht froper to impose for the performance of that service had een sent to the united compames who had to undertake it, and those companies were now considering the proposals to be made to the Government on the subject. In answer to Lord NAAs, M1r. WILSON added that it was made a sine qud non by the Government that the communication between capital and capital should be effected in 11 hours. THE FACTORY INSPECTORS. SIr. HARDY asked the Secretary of State for the Home Department, when the report of the factory inspectors for the six months ending the 30th day of April last would be in the hands of members; and whether any communications respecting the bill *' for the further amendments of the laws relating to labour in factories," as now proposed to be amended, had been made by the factory inspectors, or any of them, to the Secretary of State for the Home Department i and, if so, whether he would have any objection to lay SUdh communications on the table. Sir G. GREY said that the reports of the factory inspectors were always presented to Parliament soon after they were laid before the Home Secretary. He found upon inquiry that these reports for the last half-year had been received yesterday at the Home-office, and they would bo laid before Parliament as soon as a sufficient number of copies had been printed. He had received communications from some of the factory inspectors with reference to the bill of the hon. member for Lancashire, but he did not think that those communications were of a nature to be laid before the House, unless they were accompanied by a good deal of explanatory correspondence. Hedicdnot know the opinion of the fourth, but three of thoseinspectors did not concur in the expediency of the bill proposed by the hon. gentleman. CORRUPT PRACTICES PREVENTION ACT, 1854. Sir F. KELLY begged to ask the First Lord of the Treasury the intention of Her Majesty's Government as to this act? Lord PALMERSTON said, it was the intention of the Government to prepose a continuance of that bill for a limited period. Ie thought that the experience they had had of the worldng of the biU had hardly been sufficiently extensive to lay the foundation of those improvements which this measure might require. At the same time, the Government would be quite willing to consider any suggestions made by the hon. and learned gentleman in committee. Sir F. KELLY asl-ed at what time it was intended to bring in this bin ? He reminded the noble lord that many very important provisions were lost in 1854 owing to the late penod of the session at which the measure was introduced. Lord PALMERSTON.-At an early day. HAMPSTEAD-HEATH. In reply to Lord R. GROSvEvoR, Sir B. hTALl said, no steps had been taken on the part of the Government for the purchase of Hampstead-heath, but representations had been made to the Metropolitan Board of Works, which he believed had ample powers to purchase if they thought fit. If that board should not think it proper to undertake the purchase, it would be a matter oe consideration whether other steps might not be taken to effect that object; but certainly not by a vote of Parliament. AMNESTY TO IMPRISO1NIED DEBTORS. In reply to a question from M1r. Pns5ATr, Sir G. GRBY said, there was ao intention on the pet of the Government, in commemontion of peace, to order the discharge o persens confined in gaol for small debts. In the caa qa uersons under,oing punishment foz criminal offences Her Majesty could undoubtedly exeroise her preroga ive of mercy, but the release of persons confined for debt could, he imagined, only be procured at the expense of the Treasury. He might add that he was not awaetht any person was now undergoing a protracted iuDr sonUent for debt uinless through his own refusal to comply with the directions of the law. THE SOUND DUES. Mr. T. MIITCHELL asked whether, as tho Danish Government now makes no charge equivalent to Sound dues on all goods passing by the new, railwiay through its own country from Tonuingen, in the Ngorth Sea, to Flensburg, in the Baltic, it was the intention of our Government to leave longer unsettled the general question of the Sound dues. to the great detriment of Brit shipping engaged in the direct trade to the Baltic ? Lord PALMERSTON replied that the hon. gentleman had been misinformed upon the fact which formed the basis of his question. A toll was now charged upon goods passing along the railway, which was nearly equal, and in some cases larger than the tolls levied in the Sound. Those tolls were paid bythe railwaycompany who included them intheir charges to their customers. There was another passage to the altic through Sweden, and in that case also tolls were levied nearly equal to those levied at the Sound. With respect to the question of the Sound dues itself, commlunications had been going on for some time between the Danish Government and the Governments of the maritime Powers, but no final arrangement had been effected, and, as far as the British Government was concerned, the matter was still under consideration. ENGLISH OFFICERS IN THE TURKISH SERVICE. Mr. ADDERLEY begged to ask a question of which he had not given notice, but which was one of much interest to the relatives of officers now connected with the Turkish Contingent. He wished to know whether the Under-Sesretary for War was acquainted with the intentions of the Turkish Government as to the destination and disposal of the Turkish Contingent ? Mr. PEEL replied that, under the convention, the Turkish Contingent would be handed back to the Turkish Government, but he did not supposo that the services of the English officers would be retained. Mfr. ADDERLEY said, he would repeat his question,wheu he hoped to obtain a more definite answer. THE NEW LOAN. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER brought in the biU sanctioning the new loan of 5,000,0001., which was read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time tomorrow (this day). TEIE SARDINIAN LOAM. Mr. DISRAEI said, some misapprehension appeared to exist upon what had fallen from tho right hon. gentleman on a former evening with respect to the intention of the Government concerning the Sardinian loan. It was supposed that the right hon. gentleman had stated that a bill would be introduced in order to remove any doubts respecting the payment of the balance of the loan. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER repied, that the apprehension described by the right hon. gentleman was correct. As soon as the matter could be reduced to a convention, or some formal shape shape, a bil would be founded upon it, and introduced into that house as speedily as possible. FACTORIES BIIL. Upon the motion for going into committee upon this bill, Mrx. COBBETT rose to deferthe committee for six months, observing that his objections to the amended bill were as strong as they had been to the original measure, One part of the bill proposed to extend protection only to young persons and children, whereas the present law applied equally to male and female adults. He also objected to the Gth clause, which provided that matters reiating to the fencing of machinery should be referred to arbitration, not only in eases where the inspectors had certified danger, b-t even when danger had been proved to exist by the occurrence of fatal accidents. He contended that such a case, wherein no doubt existed as to the danger of unfenced machinery, 'was not a matter for arbitration. Bytheexistinglaw, a factory inspector went into a mill and on discovering anything dangerous he gave notice of it to the millowner, who then had the right of claiming to refer the question to arbitration whether the matter complaiued of was dangerous or not; but the law was so defective that if the award were made that the works were dangerous, there was no mode of carrying that award into effect. By the present bill itwas made imperative on the factory owner, on receiving notice from the inspector, to have an arbitration. Now, what he contended was that the law would be whoUly inoperative, because the factories were so situated as to make it impossible to carry the law into effect. Factories were situated in those parts of the kingdom where no persons skiUed in machinery resided. Supposing two arbitrators and an umpire were appointed, were they to go to the Isle of Skye or to Cornwall, and there demand their 10 guineas a-day, besides expenses ? The whole biUlwould be utterly unworkable. Many hon. members had expostulated with him for opposing this bill; but it was a duty to his constituents and, particularly to the working part of them, to see that they were not damnified in any way by. such a measure. When he was first elected for Oldha ho never forgot a woman who forced her way through the crowd with a child in her arms and said to him, " We are factory folk; this'ehild is to ao to the factory, and thoumustnot desertus." He would not desert that woman, and it was for her sake, and for those who belonged to her, that he now moved that the bill be committed that day six months. Colonel W. PATTEN said, it was only 48 hours ago that the hon. member for Oldham had given notice of his intention to move certain amendments in the bill, and it was not till that morning that the hon. gentleman considered the better course to be to withdraw his amendments and take his chance of defeating the bill by objecting to go into committee. The object of the bill was a very simple one. For several years past the manufacturers of the country had been subject to a law which caused them the greatest annoyance. * The operation of the law was not satisfactory to anybody. By a recent decision of Lord Campbel it was necessary that every portion of the machinery should be fenced off ; but this was found to be wholly impracticable. He did not believe there was a sin-le factory in the kingdom where the law was obeyed. lEis object, therefore, was to enact a law which could be obeyed. At present the enforcement of the law was left to a certain number of factory inspectors, but their decisions were so various and conflicting that no manufacturer knew whether he had obeyed the law, or whether he was subject to a prosecution for not having obeyed it. It was cruelty on a respectable body of men to keep them in that position. He hoped the House would not refuse going into committee on the bilL (Hear, hear.) Mr. B. DENISON must ask the hon. and learmed gentleman (Mr. Cobbett) to allow the bill to go into committee. Colonel DUNNE supported the aniendment. Sir G. GREY said that, as the suggestions of the Government had been embodied in the bill, he should certainly vote for going into committee. r. 3IdUNTZ complained of breach of faith with the House, as it was understood the law would be left unaltered, with the single exception of providing for arbitration with respect to machine bands. The House divided, and the numbers were- For going into committee ... 207 Against ... ... ... ... 50 Majority ..--17 The House then went into committee. Clauses from 1 to 3 were agreed to. On clause 4, Mqr. COBBETT moved as an amendment to omit the words "children and young" and to substitute the word " any," so as to make the clause apply to all persons. The clause as it stood deprived men and women of that protection against accidents which it was clearly intended by the Factories Act they should possess. Colonel PATTEN said that the words employed in the clause were identical with those employed in the 21st section of the old factory act. His object was not in any way to diminish the rotection at present afforded, but to substitute arbitration for compulsion. MIr. M. CHTAM BERS said, that the hon. and learned gentleman (dir. Cobbett) deserved the highest praise for the efforts which he had constantly mado on behalf of persons employed in factories. Ho himself was preparedto support his amendment, and he thought that the clause left out important words in the 21st section of the old act, upon which the Court of Exchequer decided that the protection should be extended to adults as well as to children. Mr. GIBSON said, the simple object proposed by the bill of his hon. and gallant friend was to amendl a clause in the Factory Act of 1844, wYhich was found to be incapable of universal application. That the clause in question could not be carried out was beyond doubt. Mr. Horner had pronounced that you could not securely fence all mill-gearing, andthe judges had differed from each other as to what was meant by secure fencing. Under these circumstances his hon. and gallant friend, in his first bil, proposed to apply to mil-gearing the same rule as was applied to machinerynamely, that when a question arose as to its being securely fenced it should be referred to arbitra.tion. Surely, if arbitration was good to protect the operatives from injury from machinery, it was equally efficacious to protect them as regarded mill-gearing. His hon. and allant friend then provided, that when an arbitration had taken place, and it was decided that particular mill-gearing should be fenced or boxed off, that arbitration should be compulsory. You had, therefore, in this bill all that you had in the bill of 1844, only it was put in a practicable and working formin a form which had gained for it the support of the great body of the milMowners and manufactuinng population. He regarded the measure of his hon. and gallant friend as a good one; its object was to carry out the original intentions of the Legislature; and he denied that the objectof those who promoted this bill was in the smallest degree to lessen the protection which the operative now enjoyed. (Hear, hear.) In the first bill hi hhon. and gallant friend proposed that arbitration should applyto all cases of mill-gearing as it now applied to machinery, and that seemed to him a most reasonable proposition; but in this clause his hon. and gallant friend now provided that in all cases where children and young perons were likely to come in contact with mill gearing there secure fencing should be imperative, and arbitration should not be resorted to. He did hope that as the bill was lmited to one single point of this kind, and was brought in with a view to prevent litigation, theywould not be drawn into a discussion of the whole principle of factory legilation So far from it being the object of millowners, iu supporting this measure, to upset factory legislation, they desired that that legislation should be carried out in a perfectly ?bo,d fMde spirit and in the sense in which Parliament had intended. (Hear, hear.) Lord LOVAINE did not see the oaiect of retaining the words "children and young persons." The commoik ense view of the matter was that, if machinery was to be fenced it ought to be fenced for the benefit of alL Sir G. GREY agreed with his noble friend that if danger were likely to arnse from mill-gearing, proteotion ought to he accorded to adult persons as well as to younns children, and that would he the effect of the lawr if the bill passed in its present shape. The 43d clause i Pomt offact provided-excluding that part of the mil-gearing which stoodat a great height from the ground-that dlzmil1gearing within a certain distance from the floor, and near to which adult persons as wel as young children came in the course of their ordinaryavocations, mnustabsolutelybe fenced. The bill would afford the fallest protection to adults as weL as to young persons and children, if a reference to arbitration should grove that danger existed. The exting law bad not been literally enforced, simply because it was impossible to do so. A decision of a court of law rendering it compulsory under the act upon mill6wners to fence all marchinery had rendered necessary the present measure, or some similar one. The amendment proposed by the hon. member for Oldhamwould defeat the very principle of the bill, for if all mill-gearing were required to be fenced with which any person might come in contact, that enactment would apply to drums and-pulleys which it would be impossible to case without stopping the mill. Mr. HARDY thought the right hon. gentleman had discussed the principle of the bill rather than the amendment which had been proposed, and had not met the case which had been put, that in certain placs there were no young persons Or children employed-only adults-therefore in such cases the whole mill-gearing woi2ld be left onn to arbitration. He would suggest an alteration in the clause, making it obligatory that only those parts of the macbines should be fenced which were less than seven feet from the floor. Lord STALBEY thought the amendment would destroy the bill. If it was enacted that all parts of mill-gearing with wvhich any person might in the course of his occupation come in contact should be fenced, that would include all mill-gearing. It was said that no distinction should be made between the protection afforded to children and that given to adults; but he could not agree with that doctrine. He thought that from a skilled adult ther had a right to expect a degree of caution that might not be looked for from a child. To others protection would be given in any case where danger was proved to exist. Mr. CHEETHAM supported the clause. Mr. BROTHERTON regarded the present bill as a just measure, affording proDer protection to those employed in mills, without making impossible demands upon the millowners. Colonel DUNNE wanted to know how the bill would remove any impossibility ? Why was it more impossible to fence machines, which an inspector certified to be dangerous, than to do so upon the award of an arbitrators. MEr. BAPRROW was anxious that the committee, should decide in favour of this clause without the amendment proposed, which would, in his opinion, entirely nullify the object in view. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. BUTT also thought that the amendment of the hon. and learned gentleman would entirely defeat the object of the bilL That object was to give protection to all persons employed, but as to children, to make it absolute that all millogearing near which theyhad occasion to pass should be securely fenced, nothing, in his opinion, could be more reasonable than the mode in which this object was carried out-nothing was more likely to give protection to the operatives, and to do right as between them and their emp oyers. The committee then divided, andthe numbers were:-- For the amendment ... ... ... 33 Against it ... ... ... ... ... 169 Majority ... ... ... ... - 136 M1r. HARDY moved the insertions of the words "and women." Women were employed as well as youngpersons, and ought to be protected. Colonel PATTEN said, women were always employed in the same part of the factoryas the children andyoung per. sons, and therefore would be protected without being specified. Mr. COBBETT said, in almost alf factoriesthere were floors where adult women were employed, and no children or young persons. MIr. CEETHAM denied the assertion. Sir G. GREY was not convinced of the fact stated by the hon. and learned gentleman (Mr. Cobbett), because "young persons" included women under the age of 1S years; and he presumed many under that age would appear to be adults. U, however, there were any factories in which only women above 18 were employed, they were entitled to protection, and he should advise his hon. and gallant friend to assent to the amendment. Colonel PATTEN agreed, and the words were inserted. Mr. COBBETT moved to leave out "their ordinary occupation," and insert "in the course of their duty," because, when accidents occurred, the young persons injured were frequently doing something by the order of their superiors, not in their ordinary occupation, butin the course of their duty. Colonel W. PATTEN said, if these words were introduced they would lead to endless confusion, and he should therefore oppose the amendment. The amendment was put and negatived. lMr. HARDY moved that a proviso be added to the clause, enacting that no mill-gearing should be fenced to a less height than seven feet from the floor. Mr. G. BUTT said, the object! of the clause was to secure a safe fence, but to say that the fence should not in any case be less than seven feet was to make a provision that in many cases would be quite unnecessary. He should therefore oppose the amendment. The amendment was put andnegatived. lMr. COBBETT then moved the insertion of a clause which was suggested by Mr. Marshall, one of the greatest manufacturers in the kingdom, in 1841, having for its object to prevent accidents arising from the use of straps -upon revolving wheels. Colonel PATTEN said, that by the present law these straps were made the subject of arbitration. He must oppose thie clause, because it went in opposition to the principle of the bill. It was making that compulsory which at the present moment was the subject of arbitration. r. 7KiRK objected to this clause, because he thought it afforded inadequate protection, compared vwith that given by arbitration. These strap-hooks were liable to break if not made of the very best material; -in which case they would do more injurythanif the machinery were not fenced at all. Mr. HARDY hoped that the committee would pass the clause, which had been recommendedby Mr. James Marshall, of Leeds, one of the largest manufacturers in the countrv. Great nmubers of accidents had arisen from revolving shafts above seven feet from the floor, and many of these causedimmediate death and frightfulmutilation. This clause would render arbitration nnnecessary. He admitted that almostall the accidents which took placein mills arose from the carelessness of the workpeople; but stillthe House ought to endeavour to prevent all the accidents possible. (Hear.) He would defy any manufacturer to say that in any single instance an accident bad happened wvhere arectangular hook was used, so long as it remained in an uninjulred state. e believed that three-fourths of the millowoners were adopting this precaution, andthat the factory inspectors were favourable to the present clause. The feeling against the clause really arose from the dislike of the system of inspection and espionage. The clause was, however, necessary for the protection of the workpeople, and the committee would consult the intere,ts of the operatives in passing it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KETR vished to explain that he found that, had not the hooks employed in his mill been made of peculiarly good iron, they would have been liable to break and to fall upon the heads of the workpeople. Lord STANTLEY doubted whether a committee of that House was the fittest place to consider the best mode of protectmg~ the worlipeople in each particular case. (Hear, hear.) TnLe best plan was to refer the euestion of danger to arbitration, and, if danger were certified to exist, to leave the obligation upon the millowner to provide a remedy. He would recommend the committee not to legislate on these matters of detaiL (Rear, hear.) Mr. G EBSOlN trusted that the committee would talk-e the advice of tbe noble lord, and not take the responsibility of providing the exact mode in which the complex machinery of a mil shonld be fenced and secured. Mr. CROSSLEY objected to the House laying down a general rule as to the particular form of protection to be afforded in all cases. In his opinion, the case was a most fitting one for arbitration. Xr. AXUNTZ said, it appeared to him that of al the hon. members who had spoken upon the subject not one k-new anything about it except the hon. and learned gentleman behind him (YMr. Hardy) (a laugh); and therefore it was of little use discussing the question. In his opinion, strap hooks afforded sufficient protection in all cases where the shafts were not perpendicular, and be should therefore support the clause. Sir C. WOOD objected to a particular remedy being srecribed by that House which might not meet all cases. We had himself seen several cases in which the strap hook would not have afforded any protection; and it appeared to him absurd, therefore, to lay down the rule that in aU cases strap hooks should be employed. Sir J. GRAHAM thought that theo hon. member for Birningham in supporting the clause had advanced the strongest reason why that louse should not assent to it. The hon. gentleman thought that no member of that House but one knew anything about the matter, and therefore it was no use discussing it.- That might be true, but surely if non-acquaintance 'with the subject was a reason for not talking about it, it was a much stronger reason for not making an enactment with regard to it. (Loud cries of "Hear, hear" and a laugh.) Mr. CHEETHAM opposed the clause, because he thought that it would increase the dangerinstead of obviating it. The amendment was put and negatived. Clause 4 as amended was then agreed to. Clauses 5 and 6 were then agreed to; and the bill,as amended, was ordered to be reported to the HIouse. The CH&nP'M1 then left the chair, and the House resumed. REFOR3IATORY AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS On the motion of Sir S. NosTmco=, the House went, into committee onthis bill. The clauses were agreed to with verbal amendments. Sir S. NTORTHCOTE proposed the following cla]U,e "The period dtuing which the parent or step-parent r.,f any young person who has been sent to any reformaW ory or industrial school, or other similar institution, shall oe liable to contribute to his or her support and maintenan ce, shall, unless ot;herwise expressed in the sentence or ore .er of payment, extend over the whole of the term for which such young person has been ordered to be detintd as aforesaid, unless he or sbh be previously dischArged by order of the Secretary of State, or unless th& Secretr y of State shall previously rmuit the same; and aly oxder for payment of such coiitrihution may be rtQspectivq iD its operation."' 'JN,LXDERLBEY z&u, It w-a dt-lr ble to meet cases rhere vicious parents had induced their children to leav& the reformatory in order to evadd the paymlent of their maintenance. Sir G. GREY thought that the clause involved the larger principle that parents were to be made zesponsible for their criminal children-a prnciple which ought not to be adoptedin an incidental discussion. Mr. BAflES sawr se injustice in the probable working of the clause, for if a boy ran aay from the reformatory against the parent's i1i1 he was to be made to p&ynotwithstanding for his mantenance, on the fictitiou s supposition tht the boy was still in the reformnatory. Sir S. NORTHCOTEB-The State has the power to remit the pavmenit. Lord R. CECIL thought that sufficient power was 1bdjed in 'the hands of the Secretary of State by theproposed clause to avoid all danger of Parents being forced to pay for the maintenance of their children in reformatories when those children had run away aggainst _the wil of the parents. Mr. G. BUTT said, the difficulty and expense which in such a case would be imposed upon the poor man, in order to procure from the Secretary of State a raversal of the order, would be very great. He recommended the hon. baronet not to press this clause at the present moment. Sir S. NORTHCOTE, seeing that the feeling of the committee was aainst it, had no objection to vwithdraw the clause altogether. Mr. ADDERLEY, in that case, would give notice that on bringig up the report he should introduce a clause to the effect that any liability to contribute to the support of a child in a reformatory should continue if that child got committed to prison during his term. The clause was then withdrawn. Sir S. NORTHCOTE proposed another clause giving power to the magistrates in any part of the country, in the event of the escape of a child, to take him up wherever he might be found, deal with him, and return him to the schooL Sir G. GREY suggested that the managers of the school, after the child had escaped and had been imprisoned for, perhaps, three months, might not be willing or even able to receive him back, but the clase seemed to give them no option. The clause was then negatived. Sir S. N;ORTHCOTE then proposed a clause inflicting a penalty of 51. upon any person who induced the children to abscond from these schools, or who knowingly concealed or harboured them and otherwise prevented their return. Mr. BAINES thought the clause went a good deal further than was necessary. No doubt some kind of punishment ought to be inflicted on those who enticed boys from the reformatories; but if a poor widow gave a bed to her son upon his absconding she, nccording to this clause, would be liable to fine or imprisonment. He suggested the omission of the words "who shall knowingly conceal or harbour." The words objected to were struck out, and the clause was added to the bilL Sir S. NORTHCOTE also proposed a clause providing for the publication in the Gazdte of a list of all certified reformatory or industrial schools, after which magistrate3 might commit young persons to these schools. The clause was added to the bilL Mr. GORDON moved to insert the following clause after clause 5:- " So much'of the said first recited act as provides that no youthful offender shall be directed to be sent to any reformatory school by any court, judge, sheriff, or magistrate, until after the expiration of his sentence, nor unless he shall be sentenced to a punishment of imprisonment for 14 days at the least, shall be and is hereby repealed; and it shall henceforth be lawful for any such court, judge, sheriff or magistrate, having authority under the said recited act; or this act, to direct any such youthful offender to be sent to and detained inany reformatory school, to mitigate or commute any sentence of imprisonment whbich may be passed on any such offender, so far asrelatesto the actual confinement of such offendei in a common prison or house of correction, if in the exercise of their or his discretion it shall appear expedient so to do; and, in lieu thereof,. it shall be lvful for such court, judge, sheriff, or magistrate, to direct such offender to be sent to and detained in a reformatory school according tD the provisions of tne said recited act and this act, as well during all or any part of the term. of such sentence as for any further period, not less than or exceeding the hmits prescribed by the said act." Ir. J. G. pflIEUlMORE could not agree to adopt the clause. The effect of it would be that a person who coilimitted a crime would be in a much better condition than a person who committed no crime. The fallacy which prevailed in all these propositions was to consider only the child that was tobe improved, and not to consider the effect of the law upon other classes of the communitv. No doubt it was better to send boys to school than to a gaol, but why did you send them to gaol? You did it that it maight operate as an example to others. Although the improvement of the criminal was to be kept in view, that was not the paramount object of the law. The paramount object of aU punishment was to deter others from crima. The number of committals in France had been far more numerous, in consequence of the law having regard to the moral improvement of the offenders, instead of considering the object of punishment to be that of deterring others from crime. Mr. =NLES said that the French law drew a distinctiocn between the responsibility and the non-responsibility of a child up to the age of 16 years. The question with themii was, for what act was such and such a chlud responsible. It was not thefact that juvenile crime had increasedin France. He was of opinion that the proper way of treating the crimes of children was to empower the magistrate to declare whether the child was an object of reformatory or of punitive correction. Mr. ROUNDELL P1LER thought, as this most important question must be decided sooner or later, it was advisable to do so at the earliest possible time. They must look not only to the interest of the child, but also to those of society, and must endeavour to take that course which should tend most to the repression of crime. But would they be doing so by compelling every poor child who should be admitted to reformatories to pass a prior apprenticeship in gaol ? (Hear.) If the prospect of a lengthened maintenance and excellent education offered a temptation to crime, that temptation would not be diminished by a preliminary 14 days spent in prison. Such a requirement nii"ht have a deterringeffect to some extent, but it would also have a demoralizing effect. (Hear.) His hon.friend's clause proposed to give magistrates a discretion, and if they should deem it advisable for the interess of society and of thc child that a youthful offender should pass his time in a reformatory then such detention, with its attendant discipline, could only be regarded as apunishment. He hoped the House would concur in these views, and adopt the clause proposed by his hon. friend. Mr. LIDDELL observed that in many gaols at present youthful offenders received very beneficial training irom the chaplains and governors. Mr. NEWDEGATE remarked that if reformatories were not to be regarded as places of punishnment, by aaopting the clause they would be abolishing punishment and p1acing in the hands of magistratesa dangerous discretion. One of the difficulties at lettray, in consequence of tbat not being a phace ofunnishment, was that many children rwere sent there by thosev;ho wished to place them under the guardianship of the State, and now it was proposed to do the same thing here. Mr. M1II2NES observed that the cases which occurred in France were chiefly those in which the departments sought to relieve themselves of the burden of supporting vagrant children, and imposing it upon the State. Mr. J. G. PHELLIMORE argued that if there was crime punishment ought to follow, and the guilty child ought not to be placed in a better position than the innocent. Sir J. PIAKfGTON thought that the detention in are formatory, and the strict rules of discipline 'which would be enforced in those institutions, would, in fact, be regarded as a pnmishment bythose who were sentto them. Sir G. GREY thonght it would be better to adhere to the previous decision of the House in the existing act, which provided that there should be a period of strictly renal imprisonment before the offender was sent to the reformatory. Mr. BLACK said that boys of tender age were frequently sent to prison for offences which, like stealing a few peas or a turip, implied very little guilt. (Hear, hear.) Lord R. CECIL thought that the court which tried these juvenile offenders ought to decide in What cases the gaol would contaminate. Mr. BARROW would prefer to abide by the existing law until some case had been made out for its alteration. Mr. ADDERLEY must appeal to Her Majesty's Ministerswhethertheywould saythatevery child who had committed the slightest offence under the mest exculpatory circumstances should go to prison for 14 days. There were many exculptory circumstances, such as tenderness of a and parental neglect, which were sufficient to induce a magistrate to remit a punishreent, and either send the child. rack to his parents, or order hir to be sent to the reformat4ory. Sir G. GREY had not argued that a ehild ought to bI imprisoned for 14 days hewever slight his of eree. Ho did not propose to interfere with the discretion of iltemagistrate in sentencing the elcild. to a xeminal fiss, or in dealing with the case as he should think fit. Mr. HENLEY oppoedi tho clause, because he onsidered that to give to the parents cf children the power of removing them to any aefermatecy which they pleawe would. be fraught with great danger. After a few word-from. Mr. GoRDox in reply, The committee &ivided,.whsn the numhes were For the cla-se . .. ... 5Z Against it ... ... . . 3jrity... ... . The clause wnse-oonseccantly iAre oct. Mr. nm-LEs nmoved thi: following resot :-"It sha be lawful for ibejustces of tepac ef ancounty, or the town-counciN of- anyorough, to purchase lands aid builb reformators shool, te% be paid for out of the county or borough rzie;.sachschoolsto be umsed eiter sepately by any cou4y- or bmugh, er conjcintly with such other ountieasa borou,hs as may be determined upon by agree. i2ent buween te Justices ef peace of such otber countiea 'and tlhe town-eaucil of such other boroughs." The hon. centlsnen expressed his regret that this subject had not ,een introduced by Government, 'whose dutyit was, considering the immense number of children brought before the jus~ tiees ofthepeaee, todeterminenpona pla to give thebene of reformatory education to those ch-ir&n under 16 yearned rge whio had been convicted of cehme. T'here wan not accommodation throughout E;ngland and Walee en thas existing reformatory shools for more than 840 clidren. i The number of children convicted under the age of lT7wa, upon the average of the last five years, 10,306 boys and 1,725 girls, muaing together 12,031 -year. The averasg number of children committed under 14 years of age was 4132 annually in England and Wales. Considering the great want of accommodation for educating these unfortunate children, and believing that no voluntary efforts that could be made wo uld be adequate to meet that want, he thought the time had come when A power should be given to the counties, if they should think flt, to rate themselves for t} e purpose of establishing re 1t,T Kchoolsr Prison
THE BANDS IN THE PARKS. The following correspondence has taken place between Sir Benjamin Hall and IKr. Broughton, -the police magistrate:- " 9, Great Stanhope-street, Mray 21. "My dear Sir,-According to the returns which have been rnade to me I find that on Sunday, the 11th of May, 8O,830 persons assembled in Kensington Gardens, 92,492 in the Regent's Park, and 85,191 in Victoria Park, rnakin a total of 258,51-3. I am informed that not a single case has been brought before the magistrates for disorderly or improper conduct in the P.arks on that day; but, as the largest number of persons which were congregated together assembled in that district in shich you have jurisdiction as a - stipendiary magistrate ofth3e metropolis, I shall feel par- ticularly obliged if you will inform me if any cases were brought before you, and, if so, how many. I remain, dear Sir, yours truly, " B. HALL. "R. E. Broughton, Esq." " Police-court, Marylebone, MTay 21. My dear Sir,-In answer to your letter of this date I n3m happy to have to state that I sat in this court on 3Monday,tthe 12th, the whole day, matilalatehouratnight, and that not one case for disorderly or improper conduct in the Parks was brought before me. Inthe Regent's Park,which is in this -district, the number congregated together was certainly very great, but the meeting was quiet and orderly during the wholetimetheyvwere assembledlonSunday. 3fay 11. There were a few idle boys who made some trifling disturbance, abut no one was taken into custody. "Iam, mydearSir, faithfully yours, "R. E. BROUGHTON. The Right Ron. Sir B. Hall, Bart."
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMZES. Sir,-In requesting the adyiWsion into tour columns of a few words on the subject of the ballot, it s not my wish to assume a controversial attitude, but simply to set myself right as to mymode of arguing the question, vhich seems to me to be assailed by an assertion of yours in your leading article of yesterday. I have not one word to sayon intimidation, which is admitted, I believe, to be capable of remedy by the ballot. I leave the argument of bribery alone, and re3tingjustwhereSirWilliam lolesworth left it. Ideny, however, your assertion that if bribery took place it is not to be reached under a system of secret voting, the same as regards false persosation, to which you have not aluded. I do not think, with aU due respect to yur opinion, that ina asking leave to bring abillmtothe ousoofCommonsit was my duty to expatiate on details, and to take that course before the bil ws printed, and presumed to be liable to those objections wshich you have forestaled. To this I may add, that no argmnent lhas ever been directed to the point which I beLieve you have now first raised ; had such a point been mooted, I should have been prepared to meet it. In conclusion, your observation on the supposed faultiness of the mieasure in its details leads me to the reniark that it would surely hase been more dignified in the opponents of themeasure, and more respectful to those 224 members who in this Parliament have voted for the ballot, if they had permitted me to lay the bill on the table of tho house and then assailed both its principle and details oil the second reading. They would then have escaped the equivocal position of being resolved by hard voting to put down a measure wilch is hardly entitled to succunil), according to your admission, to the force of the arguments they have used. I am. Sir- vours h-U- F. HE RY F. BERKET.T-.Y liouse of Commons, Mlay 22.
RAILWAYS AND Docms.-The surveyor of the Liverpool Dock Trustees reported yesterday that the conxion between the lines of railways belonging to the trustees, at the north end of the Sandon dock, and the high lines of railway communicating with the Laneashire and Yorkshi-e and the London and North-Western Railways, row completed, and that a circuit byrail is now complete an the dock quays. UTnE BAIZOT.-WXe are requested to state that Mr. Samson Ricardo voted for Dir. Henry Berkeley's motion. By some mistake hsis name did not appear in the official list.
IRELAND. (TOM OUR OW CORRESPONDENT.) DUBLIN, THURSDAY MORNuNG. ENCUMBERED ,ESTATES' COURT. The extensive estates of Mr. William Henry Gregory, situate in the county of Galway, are to be sold in the Encumbered Estates' Court in January next. The property is believed to be one of the best circumstanced in the west of Ireland. The rental is over G,0001. a-year. Among al the changes of proprietory, resulting from the operation of the land revolution in Ireland, few, if any, will be more regretted by the tenantry than the transference to new ownership of the estate of Coole, whichhas been forseveralgenerationsinthe possession oftheGregory family, who have been at all times and seasons the most popular landlords in this country. The present inheritor is grandson of the late Rigfht Hon. W. Gregory, for many years Under-Secretary for Ireland, and the intimate and confidential friend of the late Sir Robert Peel. TEE RAILWAY FORGERIES. The trial of Knighting will take place at the next commission of Oyer and. Terminer, which opens on the 18th of June. The presiding judges will be Mr. Justice Moore and Mr. Justice Keogh. GOVERB1MENT PATRON AGE. The Freeman's J7onaZ announcesthe death of M1r. Richard Bourke, one of the Dublin divisional police magistrates, which took place last evening at his residence in Wilton-place. Mr. BIourke received his appointment during the Administration of the Earl of Derby, and when the office of Chief Secretary for Ireland was filled by Lord Naas, to whom the deceased gentleman was nearly related. The Lord-Lieutenant has appointed iIr. Wiliam Dwyer Ferguson, barrister-at-law, an Assistant Commissioner of Endowed Schools, in the room of Mr. Edward Pennefather, resigned. THE MURDER OF MISS 1INDS. A letter from Drogheda states that on Tuesday last the constabulary arrested at a low lodginghouse in the suburbs of the town, a man answering the description in every particular given in the Hite and Cry, of the notorious "R Red Pat Bannon," one of the actual murderers of Miss Hinds. His left leg was bare, and a mark found there corresponding with the peculiar one described in the Hue6 and Cry. He has been committed to Drogheda Gaol, where he awaits further identification. MILTARY CL,B LAW. A most disgraceful scene was eniacted a few nights since at the Hibernian United Service Club, in St. Stephen's-green, the actors in wlich were officers in a distinguished cavalry regiment. The origin of the riot, for such it was, is not clearly known outside the club, but it was stated that dishes, plates, and glass were dashed to pieces in the dining-room where a large party had been assembled, and that the furniture fared no better at the hands of the rioters. The day following there was a meeting of the club held to take the conduct of the offenders into consideration, and a resolition was pas3ed requiring the latter to atone for their misconduct by the tender of an aniple apology. The demand, it is said, was complied with by some of the junior officers, but was peremptorily resisted by the ringleaders of the brawl, inclu(ling one gentleman holding the rank of a field officer. Another meeting of the members of the club has since been held to decide upon the propriety of expelling the recusants, and on a baliot being taken their expulsion was voted by an overwhelming majority-there being but foiur dissentients. Lord Seaton is ex officio president of the club, and it is hardly probable that the affair will terminate at this stage. GALWAY COLLEGE. The vacant chair of professor of the Celtic languages in the Queen's College Galway was thrown open for competition, and foiur candidates were subjected to a public examination on the 28th, 29th, and 30th of last month. The examiners were the Rev. Dr. Todd, the Rev. Dr. Graves, and Professor O'Donovan, LL.D., &c. The result was the election of J. O'Beirne Crowe, A.B. Dr. Todd examined in translations from Irish to English, Dr. O'Donovan, in translations from English into Irish, and Irish Grammar and Literature; Dr. Graves on philology, the history of the Celtic nations, and palheography. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) DUBLIN, THURsDAY EVENio. THE TIPPERARY BANK. The Master has just given judgment against the claims for exemption put forward on behalf of the English shareholders. Master Muirphy referred to several cases adjudicated upon in England, and delivered his opinions at great length, in aclearand comprehensive manner. In the course of the judgment the Master observed that, although John Sadleir had the power of exercising a wonderful ascendancy over all who came within his reach, and although he had perpetrated those frauds to an enormous amount, the persons so imposed upon by him became positive shareholders in the company, and therebv entitled to share the profits, if any, arising from that branch of trade, and, being so entitled, they should also be held responsible for the loss incuTred by the failure. On looling to the law and the facts of the case, and having a vigilant regard, to the best of his ability, to the able arguments lie had heard, he arrived at the conclusion that there was nothing in the case to justify him in removing the names of the English shareholders from the list. There they would remain as shareholders, and be held accoumtable.
LO2rD ON, FRIDAY, hfAY 23, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, The Duke of NOiROLK took the oaths and his seat. Lord LYNDHuRsT withdrew the motion of which he had given notice (for Tuesday next) relative to the present state of Italy. The Earl of CLAXENDo-N expressed his satisfaction that the motion had been withdrawn; negotiations werepending, to which the discussion might be prejudicial. Lord CoLcnmSTmn moved a series of resolutions, condemning the article of the convention appended to the Treaty of Paris, by which a change has been effected in the maritime law of England without previous reference to the Legislature. The declaration laid down four principles; it was chiefly to the second of these that he wished to draw the attention of the Hiouse; it stated that a neutral flag should henceforth cover an enemy's goodsunless they werecontraband of war. This was a surrender of an imnportant right, which this country had always possessed; he cited the ancient authorities bv which tiis right has been declared part of intornational lawv; and stated the periods and occasions when the right had been asserted by the English Government. It had i now been abandoned in a negotiation of eight days only; and the question wass whether a Minister could scr aign away a portion of the law of the land. It was lso doubtfulhow far the terms of the convention could be maintained in a court of justice, if they were disputed. The Earl of CLABENDol disputed the position laid down by Loard CoLCnasrz in the resolutions, that the honour and safety of England were involved in maintaining this 3ight over neutral maritime Powers. It 'would be most unwise to maintain this right, when everytliing was changing around them; and when there had been constant changes in the mode and stringency of the exercise of the right itself, against which all the maritime States of the world had always protested. Jurists had certainly declared it legal, but jurists generaUy dwelt more on what is law than on what the law ought to be. There were jurists as old as GRoTJus who defended the right, in time of war, of killing women and putting prisoners to death. They ought no more to rely on the opinions of jurists who defended such barbarities than on the opinions of many eminent lawyers in this country who had equally defended the worst portions of our criminal code. But there meremany distinguishedjurists who had disputed theright,-suchas P4RDESSus, DERAYNEvAn, Ma3RTED;s, HEuIun, and WmEANox. A bel]igerent had an undoubted right to blockade an enemy's ports and to prevent him receivinr mnimitions of war. If a neutral broke the blockade or supplied the enemy with warlike stores, he might justly be interfered with, because by so doing he abandoned his character of neutral; but if he complied with the fully recognized conditions they had no further power over him. It was against this right alone that aU maritime States had protested. During the last century there had been 133 international engagements, and in aU of them, except 11, the right had practically been abandoned. It was not a question of law, but of policy. In a great war England was rarely neutral, but America, now an important maritime Power, vas considered the protector of aU neutral States. In former wars the marine of America was comparatively small; at the beginning of the present war it exceeded 5,000,000 tons; America would not sub- mit to our exclusive law. The order in Council' issued at the commiencementof hostilities with Russia was most favourably received by all neutral Powers, and preserved to England their good-wilL There was no probability that the character of any future war would be changed, or that they should reverb to harsher principles; and after that declaration it would be dangerous to reverse this milder policy. He believed that declaration was justified by the law of nations, which was founded on the dictates of reason and justice and the common assent of the civilzed States of the world. As to the manner in which the Convention had been made, it was a recognized principle of the constitution that the CRowN had the full power of concluding all treaties; if a treaty could not be concluded without the previous sanction of Parliament, he believed no treaty would ever be concluded at all; a dozen negotiators had not found it an easy matter in the recent case; if a thousand had been consulted it would have been impossible. Of all the treaties of the last century by which the right had been abandoned, there was not one on which Parliament had been consulted. The Plenipotentiarieshadacted onthegreatprecedent of the convention by which the slave trade was denounced and suppressed. Had they confined themselves stlictly to those matters which affected Russia they would have lost a great opportunity of settling many important questions; nothing, would have been said of the affairs of Italy, nor of the principle of mediation, by the discussion of which he believed a new obstacle had been placed in the way of war, England had abandoned with signal success many exclusive rights once thought essential to her greatness; she had abandoned the system of protection and privileges for her mercantile marine; and by abolishing the practice of privateering she had acted on sound policy, and done much to reduce the miseries and barbarities of a war. The Earl of OCAs;Avox supported the. resolutions, and strongly condemned the policy of concession on -which the Government had acted in abandoning a right which ought to be maintained as a protection against fraudulent neutrals. The Earl of MffA owBY contended that England had suffered more injury from the practice of privateering than it had been able to inflict by the same means. He defended the course of the Government. The Earl of HARDwiwxc thought the effect of the article of the convention might prove very disastrous hereafter; as an Englishman he regretted that conditions so derogatory to the honour of England should have been accepted at Paris under Frenchi ifluence. The Earl of ABEILFA could see no distinction between an enemy's property on neutral territory, which could not be seized, and in a neutral ship, which made it liable to seizure. The law, he believed, was what Giorrus and VAm stated it; but it was not justice; and when they wrote there was not an Anglo-Saxon people on the western shores of the Atlantic, numbering almost as many millions as that on the eastern. It had not been proved that any injury would be sustainedbythe abolition of theright of search. On the contrary, former attempts to enforce it had greatly injured the commerce of this country, and France had had to pay a million sterling to America as an indemnity for losses caused by the French exercise of the rightof search. Heethoughtthe convention an advance in civilization. He should vote against the resolutions. The Duke of ARGoiL said the poEcy of the Government was fully approved by the commercial interests of the coumtry, on which its naval supreuacy was founded. The more he considered the subject the more firmly he was convinced they lost nothing, and gained much bythe present convention. The principle of the right of search had been contested by many eminent jurists, and no jurist had asserted that the right was just and equitable. The law of nations was made by the practice of nations, -andthatdid not allow the seizure of enemy'sproperty on a neutral territory. The rightof establishingga blockade was sufflcient agaist all the nations with which war was possible.- England gave up a right it never could fully exercise, and retained every power required to carry on war effectually. The Earl of DaER:Y protested against the course of the Government, both for what it had done, and the mode of doing it. The convention, they were told, was not a treaty, but it had the force of a treaty; and he asserted that the Msdinistry, taking advantage of the forbearance displayed towards it, had gone to Paris for one avowed purpose, and, without notice,without the knowledge of the public, had done something far beyond it. The convention of Vienna, condemning the slave trade, was in accordance with a strong feeling in England. Could that be said of this convention? It was an abandonment of the naval supremacy of the country, and, had its terms been known, would have been generally denounced and rejected. A right that had always been considered the egis of English power had been abandoned, and England had not even taken the lead in what was called the work of humanity; the declaration was proposed by the French Plenipotentiary, England had followed in the wake of France, and the nation was completely surprised by the sudden an- nouncement of the concession. The right so abandoned had been strenuously maintained by Lord NonTH, CAr. Pr, Nfr. GRTRENVIG, andMr. CAxwn-Go; these were not ancient authorities, though they lived in days when England was not afraid of standing alone. He denied that the old jurists merely stated what was the law of nations on this point and had not defended it; they showed why the right ought tobe asserted; by giving it up :England lost the power it possessed, and would not gain the friendship of those itattemptedto conciliate. Hecontended that withoutthis right the mere power of establishing a blockade would be insufficient against a powerful enemy; he should rejoice to see the practice of privateering abolshed by the consent of all nations, but he would reject the abolition as a concession fron the nations of Europe to England, which had the least to dread from this usage;the consent of America they had not obtained. If he stood alone lie would support theresolutions, audgiveeveryPeer the opportunity of recording his opinion of the policy of this convention, against which he solemnly protested, as derogatory to the honour of the country, inconsistent with its interests, and fraught with danger to its future greatness, power, and safety; a con- vention-which he could only designate as the hnl| miliating CLARizNnoN Capitulation of Paris. After a few words in explanation from the Earl of CLARENDON, Earl GrnEY thought the best wvay of testing the value of the right of search was to ask how it had wvorked. It had been foind almost impossible to ascertain what was the property of an enemy in neutral ships. The difficulty felt in the war of the French :Revolution -was extreme; but with the present development of commerce the system would in practice be intolerable. The right was always so evaded that it was worthless as a means of injuring the enemy; and to makle it efficient they would actually be compelled to make war with the whole world. They should look at the question uninfluenced by feelings of national pride, and as sober statesmen. This he thought the Earl of DERBY had not done in the eloquent and effective commuonplaces of his speech. The attempt to enforce the policy of which this right was a part had caused the greatest disasters both to England and France; the war NAxoLEoN- declared on commerce by his Berlindecrees embroiledhimwithRusia, roused the hatred of Germany against him, and was the ultinate cause of his ruin. He approved the convention, as based on a better and more humane policy. Earl G}uANVmn read a letter from Lord CAnB=, repeating his former opinion that the mode in which the convention had been agreed to was per. fectly constitutionaL Lord COLCHESTEn replied, and the House divided; there appeared, for the resolutions, Content ... ... ... 56 Proxies ... ... ... 46 - 102 Not-content ... ... 88 Proxies ... ... ... 68 - 156 Majority against the resolutions ... 54 The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons, on the order for going into committee upon the Factories Bill, M1r. CosBrr, observing that he had equal objec- tions to the bill as it stood and to the original bill,-] the 4th and 6th clauses, which contained the principle, rendering it impracticable and unworkable,moved to defer the committee for six months. Colonel PArrm- said the object of the bill was a simple one-namely, instead of a law annoying to manufacturers, satisfactory to no party, and that it. was possi.ble to obey, to establish a law that could be carried into effect. The amendrment, which was opposed by Mr. B. DNmIsox and Sir G. G=, and supportedby Colonel Du-)NE and AMr. MInurz, was negatived upon a division by 207 to 50, and the House went into committee upon the bill, the clauses of whiclh were agreed to after much discussion. The Rouse then went into committee upon the Reformatory and Incdustrial Schools Bill, the clauses of which were also debated at considerable length. On the order for going into committee upon the Formation, &c., of Parishes Bill, Mr. HADFELD moved to defer the committee for a month; but, after some discussion, -e withdrew the amendment, and the Rouse went into committee upon this bill but at the 9th clause the CnAnuni was ordered to report progress. The Reformatory Schools (Scotland) Bill passed through committee. The Registration of Leases (Scotland) Bil was read a second time. The Commissioners of Supply (Scotland) Bill was read a third time and passed. Other bills were advanced a stage. Mr. CowPER obtained leave to bring in a Bill to confirmProvisional Orders of the General Board of Health, applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to certain districts, and for otber purposes; and Mr. C.uyuRD a Bill to Amend the Law relative to the Arbitration of Disputes between MIasters and Workmen. The Rouse adjourned at a quarter to 1 o'clock.
Twventy years ago there was a general cry that Episcopacy was in danger. As Episcopacy is the most prominent characteristic of the Church of England, as compared with most of our own Dissenters, the Scotch Kirk-, and foreign Protestants, it followed that the Church was in danger. So the clergy and the laity " rallied" round the Bishops, and Reformers contented themselves with a mild re-distribution of revenues and dioceses. It was urged in those days, with immense learning, that nothing could be done without a Bishop; that he was the sun of the spiritual systemj the keystone of the mystic arch, andethe keel of the sacred ship. We do not for a moment wish to dispute this doctrine, but -we beg to ask how the present state of things in the Church of England is to be reconciled to it. In half a dozen, if not more, of our dioceses, there is at present either, to all practical purposes, no Bishop, or worse than none. We shall not, and we need not give names, for the unfortunate sufferers are but too well known. But, what with old age, paralysis, painful disorders, mere imbecility, or some more active and ridiculous form of dotage, six or seven of the Episcopal bench, or about a fourth of the whole number, are manifest incapables. They can do nothing at all, or, if they do, ought not. Yet, strange to say, the dioceses go on without them. We hear of no complaints or arrears of episcopal duty. The system is not dark, though its sum be set; the Tessel has not fallen to pieces, though the keel be rotten; the arch has not collapsed, though the keystone has crumbled to dust. Stranger still, there is nowno cry of " the church in danger." It was in dainger when Whiig Mnisters were equalizing incomes, curtailing patronage, extending toleration, commuting tithes, and so forth; it is not in danger when Bishop after Bishop is retiring to the bedchamber or the seaside lodging, where he may live for many years, drawing princely revenues and doing nothing. The metropolis itself is threatened with an Episcopal eclipse that may last five or ten years, but no champion of the Church starts up to proclaim the perils of an interregnum. Nay, there is no appearance of an interregum. 'When a Sovereign becomes incapable a regency is appointed, and it is thought a matter of importance who shall be the regent, and with what powers he shall be invested. No such regency is thought necessary in the abeyance of Episcopal authority. Nobody asks who is regent, who appoints him, what his powers are, or even whether there is a regent at all. It does not seem to occur to people that we have no Bishop among us, or that we want one. There is some mystery about it that passes our comprehension, for Bishops, we have been repeatedly assured, have a great deal to do; and when a Bishop lately returned from a foreign tour he found many hundred letters, which he had to read and answer. It is to be presumed that in this case the letters are no longer sent, for if they are the Bishop is unable to answer them; and yet, for aught that appears, things go on as usual. The Marquis of BLANDFORD, to the best of our belief, is the first friend of the Church who has come forward to notice this decay of Episcopacy, and to ask for a remedy. He is the only one who thinks there is anything wrong, anything that wants mending, or that a diocess is at all the worse for having noBishopin it. Soto-nighthehas announced his intention of asking the P1RNuEpR " whether, " in consequence of the state of health of several " of the prelates of the Church, who are unhap5PilY disabled from attending to their dioceses, "it is the intention of the Government to take "any steps to put in force the powers of the "Act 26, HEN-RY avi., c. 14, 'for the Nominna"'tion and Consecration of Suffragans wvithin this Realm; ' or, if not, whether the subject isi "still one which has occupied the attention of "IHR MAAEST'S Government, with a view to pro. j " 'ido a suitable remedy." This is a very modest question, and one that might with much grace have. come from a less suspected quarter than an. avowed advocate of Church reform. It is natural to inquire why some of those who feel the practical worth and the genial influence of a living and, active Episcopacy, just as it now stands, have not appealed to CGovernment for tlhy safety of their palladfiu-n. The appeal is, howover, from no sRah quarter, No deputations of devoted Churchmen, led by dig"nitaries and the superior clergy, besiege the residence of the Pxmaz, askingp for some one to replace their lost shepherd. It is a very young nobleman, chiefly Inown for his fertility in schemes of ecclesiastical reform, Who has seized this opportunity for pressing another. Thepresumption isthat the dignitaries and superior clergy do not miss their Bishop or want a suffragan. Indeed, it has Iong been said that the persons who might be sup posed most distressed and incommoded by the absence or incapacity of their Bishop are just those who will never complain. Long ago,-thirty, forty years ago,-it was said that when a prelate became bedridden, or childish, ,r otherwise incapable of administering the affairs of his diocess, his wife, perhaps, or his examining chaplain, or his sons, or some such snug coterie, kindly undertook; his patronage and such other episcopal duties as could be discharged by seal and sign manual. In those days it was comnnonly said that Mrs. So-A.ND-So had governed a diocess and distributed the Bishop's patronage for as much as seven years. With such instances, it was asserted that a Bishop never would be declared incapable; that there always would be found some one or other obliging enough to do his duties for him in his name and authority. As for other dutiessuch as confirmation and ordination, requiring the personal appearance and action of the Bishop, in those earlier days a lax and infrenuent discharge of them excited little scandal. In these times there seems to be a never ending supply of Colonial Bishops, who, of course, are no more mnissed in their own dioceses than our incapable Bishops at home. It is not our place to inquire very curiously into these questions. We can only apply the rules of common sense, which mnay, or may not, be admissible in this instance. 'What maLes this vast difference between a Bishop and any other oflicial ? If a Cabinet Minister had lost the use of one side, or of his tongue, or was confined to his bed by a painful and incurable complaint, or addressed letters to other members of the public service talking about fools' caps and rods, .c., he would be relieved of his duties before long, and somebody else would be put in his place. In fact, in every department we superannuate or supersede the incapable, except only one-the department ofthe Church. To judge from our practice,while we make a great point of having the most capable person we can get for love or money to cook our dinners, to make our clothes, to build our houses, to cultivate our fields and our gardens, to keep our accomunts, and to manage all our worldly affairs, we think it a matter of no consequence to whom we commit the care of our souls. Though incapable of any other office or reasonable act, he may be quite capable of this, or, at least, quite as capable as anybody else. But if personal capacity does not enter into the question,-if there is no such thing as more capacity, or less capacity, or capacity or incapacity, in the episcopal office, it would only be proper that, on economical grounds, we should ascertain the lowest capacity that will answer the purpose. Will any healthy, middleaged clergyman, of respectable life, dignified manners, benevolent aspect, and fair common sense, do for a Bishop? For any other office than a Bishopric such a person would be an immense gain upon the half-dozen invalids or dotards we have alluded tO. Some years ago Sir Jixxs GPA.A31 gave a picture of a Bishop?s ordinary duties, which he thought far from severe, and which he contrasted with those of a Minister of State. Balf-a-dozen Bishops, and still more of their friends, declared that Sir JAsxs had greatly underrated the labour of the Episcopal office. We can only say that the half-dozen Bishops we have referred to are now quite incapable of the daily work described by Sir JAss, and are yet, it seeras, as good Bishops as ever. It cannot be denied that this is a paradox. which calls for explanation, and we trast that some of the Bishop3 will instruct their friends to offer that explanation this evening, when the Marquis of BLA-DFORD asks Lord PAERSTOX for Sufragan BishoDs.
We have called the Italian question " a great " question." It is, perhaps, the greatest of those which now agitate Europe. No man can travel in any part of the Peninsula without not only seeing and hearing but also feeling the indications of the movement which is pervading the people, from Milflan to Palermo. The ordinary restraints of secrecy and caution exist no longer. The silence which formerly was universally ob3erved, or, if broken, broken only by the spy or the tool of the police, has given way to a franlmess and spontaneity of observation, which by its frequency alone disarms the suspicion that it is the device of perfidy and an instrument of espionage. Among the crumbling monuments of historic grandeur or the gorgeous structures of more modern civilization, the artist and the tourist are alike beset by the irrepressible outpourings of national resentment, or the suLen mutterings of national disgust. Sometimes it is the presence of the Austrian force, sometimes the feeble irritation of Papal misgovernment, sometimes the criminal atrocities of Neapolitan despotism, that prompt an expression of feeling which is so rash as almost to be suspicious. "And sometimes it is France, sometimes England, that is named as the Deuts ez mechinma which is to solve the problem of Italiau liberation. Sometimes it is to both nations that the appeal is made on behalf of insulted patriotism and trampled freedom. Sometimes, too, it is an united kingdom of Italy under the Sardinian dynasty, sometimes a confederation of States under Tuscany, sometimes the erection of two constitutional monarchies-one for Lombardy and the other for Naples-that is proposed to meet the exigencies of Italiau destiny. But, whatever the grievance or whatever the remedy, you cannot travel into any city of Italy out of Piedmont without hearing some grievance enunciated, some remedy propounded, and the remedy almost always involves foreign intervention. This is true of Lombardy, of Venice, of Tuscany, of the Papal States, but there is another Government in Italy whose irritable feebleness inspires it with the most ignoble meanness in the moment of popular collision, and with the most treacherous vindictiveness in the mo3nent of reactionary conquest,-a Government which has not scrupled to promise everything that is asked in the hour of defeat, to consecrate its promises by the most solemn invocations of the Dxrry, and then not only to insult the flZ-4vE 'which it has invok-ed by the most shamele"s violation of its oaths,. but also to inflict the most detestable punishments upon the unhappy men whom its falsehood has cajoled. In sad a bad pre-eminence among all bad Governments is that of Naples. Steeped to the eyes in falsehood and malignant cruelty, it stads before the world as a living protest against that traditionary comity which restrains one State from interfering in the internal administrtion of another. Rare and striking as are the exceptions to thatrecognized rule 'which forbids ono nation to meddle with the mote in its neig,hbours eye, they are aU found to coexist in the case of the Neapolitan Govem-ent, which has by its conduct no' only disgraced itself, but also brought a stigma upon all government. Having sworn in 184Sand sworn, too, in the most solemn words 'which any Churci couild sanction and any faith accept-to. give to tLe Two Sicilies a constitutional monar17 with representative forms, to vest the lefislatith
The contest of Costa Rica with Nicaragua and -General WAIxEP'S Filibusters is of itself a forcible comment on the present state of the "Central American question. Thrown back upon their own wveakness and confusion by the mutual jealousy of the two great Powers, the small ,States of Central America have ceased to afford due protection to life and property, and the subjects of the two great Powers themselves suffer in the general disorder. Thus, stern and solid facts are compelling that very alliance of the two Powers which diplomacyis delayingand impeding; and,while men are arguing and disputing the de jure question, the de farto Powers of the two great North American governments seem likely to be summoned to the scene of disturbance as a case of simple necessity, lord CLARENDOxN concluding his speech the other -evening with the remark, that " under the circum" stances there could be no better plan than for " the Government of the United States and the " British Government to combine together for the " protection of the property of the citizens of both 'C" countries." Never did facts adniniister a sharper rebuke to diplomacy than they do in the present instance. For six years has the Government of the United -States been arguing the question of British right to the least fragment of influence on Central American ground, and the mere vicinity of a 3ritisl settlement to the Central American coast has been protested against vith a scrupulous jealousy. Well, we have humoured our neighbours' suspicions. WVe have scrupulously abstained frora all acts which imply British authority in Central America, and when one of our naval officers enforced on a refractory American vessel the harbour dues authorized by the Mosquito Government, and paid by all other vessels, we did not support him. We saidl we had nothing to do with government in Central America, and that the Mosquito Government must collect its own dues. So Central America has been left to itself, and has now been quite independent, as regards the two great Governments, for some years. And now what is the result with respect to the prospect of any real independence to these States? While Governments have been hanging back, individual enterprise has been forward and audacious. A citizen of the Unitced States has possessed himself of the government of one of these States. General WALKEn. overawes by an army of Filibusters the native authorities of Nicaragua, and invades Costa Rica with the Nicaraguan flag. Tlhus, two Central BAmesican States are at present threatened with an American domination, not owned indeed or recognized by the United States' Government, but still, inL fact, American. General WALKER is put forward by his own press as the futuro regenerator of Central America:- ' The star of destiny is in the ascendant, and it sends orth a bright and glorious train, pointing out a brilliant fature for Central America. Costa Rica will be the first to join the procession, keeping step to a new aild lively march. Thoughtlessly has she entered the ring, and her conquest Wll be as sure as the coming day. A momentaiy success has heated the ima-ination of her soldiers and swelled her anticipation into nnwonted proportions. The 'man of destiny' is at the head of the Nicaragua troops, and ere the Costa Ricans are aware he will be upon them 3with the avenging sword and the deadly rifle, to wipe out all disasters and sweep away every foe. There is no such word as 'fail' withGeneral Walker, andthe brave troops under his command are all confident of the wictory. From this time forward there will be no halting, no holdin g up, no rest for the enemy, until his country is overrun and his capital bows to the flag of Nicaragua. Costa Rica has taken the sword, rnd the sword -ball be her portion." Does not such a state of things as ihis call for a speedy settlement of the Central American ques- tion and the dispute between the two Governments ? What real difficulty is there in the way of such a settlement? We have expressed our selves ready to give up the Mosquito Protectorate as soon as ever a sufficient guarantee can be given for the safety of that Indian tribe to which our honour is committed. One point of disagreement, then, may be considered as already disposed of. With respect to our occupation and colonization of the Bay Islands, we are willing to submit that to the arbitration of a third Power. A perfectly imobjectionable way, then, of settling the other point of dispute is provided, after which the quarrel is over. Did MIr. BucLNAx- object last year to arbitration on the ground " that it would be difficult " to find an impartial umpire, as we had gone " to war with their arbitrator, the Emperor " of RussIA 9" Well, that objection, at any rate, is no longer of force. WVe are not at war now with the Emperor of RUSSIA, and therefore he is at liberty for the purpose of arbitration. The United States cannot suppose that he will be partial to our side of the question, and therefore, if we are ready to accept his arbitration, they can have no objection. A Power so recently our antagonist in a severe and sanguinary struggle, and now smarting with the sense of a humiliating peace, -mill not, at any rate, be too much disposed to favour our interests ; rigid justice, as it is aU that, under any circumstances, -we ought to expect from any umpire, is all that we can possibly expect from sxd an umpire. A war imder such circumstances is impossible; so long, at any rate, as the American Government retains any respect for European public opinion, and does not abandon itself to the violence and prejudices of an inferior party in the United States, with whom jealousy of England triumphs over every consideration of policy and justice. Or will Mr. BUcHsANA say again " that there " is nothing to arbitrate," and that " he does not "c consider it a question for arbitration ?" But such a position as this is plainly untenable. In a dispute between two powerful and intelligent Governments, it never can be allowable for one side to say that its own case is so clear and selfevident that it will not submit to arbitration, but will have its own view simply yielded to. This is to assume the whole question. Of course, the United States' Government thinks itself in tho right, otherwise it would not dispute these points with us. Bub that is its own opinion, and no more. Opinion must bow to the offer of a fair judgment upon the question, otherwise all justice betwfeen nation and nation and between man and man is at an end. In civil justice each party thinks itself in the right, but the two submit to a third party, who is the judge ; and in international justice the principle is the same, for when the two parties or Governments cannot of themselves arrive at an agreement they mlst go to a judge or arbitrator, -unless they settle the dispute by arms, which is to settle it, not by justice, buit by force. Does Mr. BucumA.Ni think the language of the CLATTONBuJLNV}R Treaty " so plain and explicit" as not to need arbitration? That is the very reason why he ought to wish for an arbitrator. If the case is so clear on his side the arbitrator wiU of course see it, and decide accordingly.
COURT CIRCULAR. OSBORNE, MTAY 22. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prussia arrived at Osborne yesterday on a visit to Her Majesty, attended by Lieutenant-General Baron Schreckenstein. ColoRel Francis Seymour, Groom in Waiting to his Royal Highness Prince Albert, also attended the Prince from Dover. Prince Albert met his Royal Highness at the railway station at Portsmouth. Her Majesty's carriages were in readiness to convey the Prince and suite on board the Royal yacht Fairy, where he was received by Her Majesty, with the Princess Rloyal and Princess Alice. His Serene Highness Prince Loewenstein arrived yesterday on a visit. A deputation respecting Dulwich College had an interview with Sir George Grey yesterday at the Home-office. The deputation consisted of Messrs. Charles Dickens, Benjamin Vebster, J. B. Buckstone, Alfred Wigan, W. Creswick, Phelps, and Marshall, and Mr. J. W. Anson (hon. jsec.). A deputation of school teachers, consisting of Mr. Turner of Bristol; Mr. Beale, of Banbury; and Mr. Atkins, of lees, near Manchester, accompanied by Mr. H. Gore Langton, 3I.P., and Mr. Heywood, M.P., bd an interview with Earl Granville yesterday at the Privy Council-office,Wshiteball. A deputation of metropolitan cab-masters, consisting of Messrs. Hider, Bathgate, Balding, Coulter, Norris, Oakley, !Mayhew;, Farmer, Thompson, and Beadle (secretary), attended yesterday at the Home-office respecting the position in which the hackney-carriage trade had been placed by a Irecntdecison of the Court of Queen's Bench, which fixes the liability for the loss of property to any amount, and the value of which had never 'een declared, on hackney-carriage proprietors; while common carriers were pretected from the consequences of loss of property beyond the value of 101., unless such value had been declared when they had the option of charging extra for insured conveyance. The Chancellor of the Exchequer will give a State dinner on the 31st inst., in celebration of the Queen's birthday, at his residence, Kent-house, Knightsbridge. A deputation from the Board of Works for the Strand district, consisting of M1r. Low, Mlr. Huggett, Mr. Tennant (Professor, King's College), and Mr. Hooper, had an interview with the P.ight Hon. Sir Benjamin Hall, yesterday, at the Office of Pablic Works, Whitehall. A deputation, consisting of the Rev. Mr. Davies, Mr. Simmons, MIr. Josiah Rancliffe, .Ir. T. Hibbert, and Mr. Kay Clegg, bad yesterday an interview with Sir GeorgeGreyc Despatches for the governors of the Australian colonies w.ere received yesterday at the Colonial-office.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first-half of a 51.-note for unpaid malt duty from " A. B." THE AsERDEEN UN;vEsniT s.-We understand that the Lord Advocate for Scotland is to introduce a bil to Parliament immediately to provide for the union of the two universities of Aberdeen, and to appoint a commission to arrange dotails in regard to the colleges. COURT OF COsxr.ON CouwNcm.-At a Court of Common Council yesterday a motion was made that it be referred to the Commissioners of Sewers to report upon the expediency and practicability of proceeding further with the improvenment in Philpot-lane. The motion was, however, negatived by a large majority. 3Mr. H. L. Taylor moved that the report of the 3d of April relative to the revenue accounits of the new 'Metropolitan Cattle-market be agreed to. Mr. Dakin proposed an amendment, that it be referred back- to the Markets Improvement Committee to continue the management of the market until Midsummer, 1857, and to defray the current expenses thereof. After a long discussion Mr. Dakin's amendment was carried by a considerable majority. Some questions were put by M]r.Besley to the Lord Mayor relative to the peace illuminations in the city, in answer to which his Lordship said that the banking and commercial firms were willing to give a holyday, but they could not do so, as Government had not thought fit to bring in an act with respect to biUs of exchange due on the 29th. Every one, therefore, must proceed according to his own views of the subject. Rownm MATcH.-The long anticipated sculIers contest between Henry Kelly, of Fulbam, and John Mackinnay, of Richmond, for 2001., took place yesterday, and attracted a great many spectators. Large sums were betted on the result. The start took place at 4 o'clock, In the first half-dozen pulls Kelly drew his boat hahl clear, and from that moment gained stroke by stroke, never after the first half-mile giving his opponent a chance. Kelly was a clear length a-head off the high-bridge, three or four lengths clear -it the Crab Tree, and finaUy won with perfect ease by 300 yards, doing the distance in 254 minutes. CiviL SEBVIcES.-The estimates of civil services {No. VIII.) have been published. They amount to 104,6881., including 40,000L. for the Cape of Good Hopo (public wsorks), 12,60341. for the loss on the Treasury Commussriat chcst transactions and frcight of specie, 6,600l. for the collection of agricultural statistics, 2,0001. for the new British Historical l'ortrait Galery, 10,0001. for the new Science and Art Department at Kensingtongore, 24,7001. for the new road from Pal-mall to Buckinghamgate, 2,5701. for the new road in HolyroodPark, and 6,184. fnrcompensation to the clerk of Justiciary in Scotland. According to the details of the item of 24,7001. for the new road in St. James's Park, the road is topa over the courtyard of blarlborough-house, the site of the old German chapel (wthich wiU he razed), and the roadway and garden of St. Jameses Palace to the North M and thence along that mall to Buckingham-gate. The cout-yard of the Palace will be separated from the road by an iron railing, and the court-yard of Marlborough-house be enclosed with anew gateway and wall. The north wall will be fenced on its south side with iron posts and rails, like those in Rottenrowv, Hyde Park. A footbridge will be fixed across the ornan:ental water near the present ferry, 2ft. 6in. above the water, on 18 cast-iron piles, with east-iron girders to carry a pavement of 4-inch Yorkshire landing, and light orranaental rails on each side. The bridge will cost 2,8001r.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. (BY SUBARsaM A_ND BRIIS TELEGRAMH.) PRUSSIA. We have received the following telegraphic deptch from our Berlin correspondent:- " BERILN, THURSDmY, Xty 22. The Empress (Dowager) of Russia crossed the Russian frontier yesterday, and was to sleep last night at Gumbinnen. "The King of Prussia arrived at Konigsberg yesterday, and was to meet his sister to-day." REPORTED LOSS OF THE YACHT SECRET. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) PLYMOUTH, THUliDsAY EvKNahG. The Secret left Erfth at 10 'clock on Satarday morning, in tow of a steamer, which cast her off at 5 in the evening in heavy weather, with her bowsprit rin in off Wahmer Castle. Her owner, Mr. Waring, is here, and on Tuesday received a letter from Captain Teel, dated lamsgate on Monday, stating his intention to leave for Portsmouth in company with the yacht Extravaganza -when the weather moderated.
TO THE ET)TPTOR OF THE TnIES. Sir,-A paragraph havinlg appeared in your paper of this morning, headed *'Total lLoss of the Cutter Yacht Secret," and setting forth that she had foundered off the North Forelaud on Saturday evening last with six hands, I take the liberty of enclosing you a telegraphicmessage that I have received this af ternoon fro the owner, Mr. Waring, at Plymouth, by which you will see that that gentleman is safe at Plymouth, and that the yacht, with her crew, was safe in Rlamsgate harbour on Monday last. T a,Si v,rn nh5ii-ntservant. C. ROBERTS. St. Pctersbnrg Steam Ship-offlie, 64, Mark-lane, London, May 22.
UMI VEPSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD. MAY 22. The Chance'dor's prizes for the current year have been awarded as follows Latin Essay.-31r. Hemming Rsoheson, Scholar of Balliol Collegre. English Essay.-Mr. S. H. Reynolds, Fellow of Brasenose College. Latin Verse.-Mr E. C. Wickham, Fellow of New College. English Verse (Newvdigate).-Mr. W. P. James, Scholar of Oriel College. Mr. H. H1. Lancaster, of Balliol College, is mentioned for the Eniglish Essay, with the honourable addition of proi7n2 accessit. In a Convocation held this day at 2 o'clock the Bodleian Statute was proposed to the House. MIr. Chase, of Oriel, inquired why it had not been submitted in portions, as to Congregations. The Vice-Chancellor replied that he could give no reason, except that it had not seemed convenient to the council. The statute was passed without a division. The Bedel Statute was then brought forward. Mr. G. V. Cox, of Nev College, Esquire Bedel in Arts, rose, and expressed his earnest hope that the statute would not be allowed to become law. He spoke for the honour of the University rather than of the Bedels, and should expect, if he were silent, that the very walls and ensignLs of the office would rise up and protest. The statute was then put to the vote, when there appeared; placet, 55; non-placet, 49. Majority, 6. The statute accordingly passed. The statute for changing the time at which candidates in the final schools are to give in their names to the proctors was unopposed, and passed without remark. A Congregation was afterwards held,in which anew Statute on the subject of delegacies was promulgated. MIr. Conington, of University College, rose to move some amendments. He suggested that the appointment of delegates, -where not otherwise determined by statute, should be vested in the Hebdomadal Council, instead of the Proctors; that the nonperpetual delegates of the press shouldbe electedby Congregation, instead of being nominated by the Vice-Chancellor and Proctors, and ' that five hoards of delegates for appointing examiners should he created in lien of the two hoards proposed by the statute., The composition of his hoards was thus explained:-Each was to consist of a permanent element of Professors, and a changing element of members of Convocation, not Professors, nominated by the Hebdomadal Council, the proportion of Professors to non-Professors varying in difflerent subjects. This amendment was e xtensively signed. MIr. Neate, of Oriel, approved of giving a geater voice in the appointment of officers to the Council. objected to the want of publicity in respect of the accounts of the University, and especially in the case of the:press accounts. Mr. Eawlinson, of Exeter, supported the amendments of Mr. Conington, and proposed some further changes. He wished to see the occasional delegacies for aff'airs wFithin the University appointed by Congregation, instead of Convocation. He would also propose the omission of the restriction upon reappointments of delegates of the press and delegates for the apponmn fexaminers, and of the proviso that two of ti lteshuothe same Coleger Hall. Mr. Gordon, of ChristChurch, would move the entire omission of the section concerning delegates for appointing examiners, being satisfied with the existing mode of appointment,which had (he thought) worked well. Mr. Rogers, of Magdalenehall, hopedthat some proviso would be made for vi ' bers of alls their fair share in appointments. Mr Chase, of Oriel, rose to express his concurrence in the suggestions of Professor Conington. He felt sure that Congregation would gladly see more appointments in the hands of the CounciL Dr. Jeune said the Council had been -withheld by delicacy from proposing the increase of its own powers. MIr. Maske3yne, of Wadham, s pported the amendments of Professor Conington, and Mr. eyrick, of Trinity, that of Mr. Gordon. The Master of Balliol (Mr. Scott) urged the importance of members of Congregation expressing their opinions for or against the amendments proposed. The Vice-Chancellor replied to the strictures of Mr. Ifeate, and the proceedings terininated at about 4 o'clock. In a Convocation held this day the following degree was conferred:- Rev. George Mathias, M.A., St. John's, Cambridge, ad ev,ndenr In a Congregation held immediately afterwards the following degrees were conferred:- M.A. Dezrees. CAMBRIDGE, M£AT 22. At a Congregation held this day the following degrees were conferred: BACHELORS OF AnTs. Robert Swan, Trinity. William Beeby, St. John's. Alfred William Bruce, St. John's. Richard Dymoke Cawdron Cordeaux, St. Catheriue's. Robert Warner Stone, St. Catherine's. Evan James Davies, Clare. Charles George Calvert, Jesms. Samuel Blake Burrell, St. Peter's. The following graces passed the Senate:- L To present to Her MIajesty the Queen an address of congratulation on the happy occasion of the peace. 2. To present to the Right Hon. Sir John Patteson, in conjunction with the town, a piece of plate of the value of 3001., as a testimony of the sense entertained of his valuable services in making his award between the University and the town, and that a letter of thanks be written by the orator. 3. To institute a prize for the critical study of the Holy Scriptures, as a memorial of the late Professor Scholefield. To be given to a student among the Middle Bachelors who, being in the first class of honours in the Theological examination of that year, shall be judged by the examiners to have shown the best knowledge of the Greek Testament, and of the septuagint version of the Old Testament. The prize to be first given in the year 1857.
REPREsEN-TAToN OF LIcEm=.-The retirement of Lord Waterpark from the representation of this city was, until the last fewv days, altogether unexpected by the citizens. It is true that his Parliamentary services since he became member for Lichfield have not been very conBpicuous,-in some degree, no doubt, owing to his official duties at court; but lately, or at least since Lord Granville ceased to be member for Lichfield, Parliamentary services, except by occasional popular votes, have not been lsoked upon, so much as fanuly connexions, as any peculiar qualification or recommendation by those who mainly role the elections of the city. It is thought that Lord Sandon, the eldest son of the Earl of Harrowby, will be returned, in the room of Lord Waterpark, without opposition. CRYSTAL PA.AUE.-O.NE Sm G DAy, Thursday, May 22.-Admissions on payment, 1,600; ditto, by season tickets, 243; total visitors, 1.-M.
SPORFIiVG INTELLIGENCE. TATTERSALL'S. THuRTSDIY. What with the settling of the Bath accounts, comparing bets on the Derby, and booking additional investmuents, a good deal of business was transacted. The betting was not, however, marked by any very important point of difference from the quotations last published, except with regard to Vandermulin, who "Icame again" with much force. In city circles be was backed freely during the morning, and at the Corner 12 to 1 was taken about him to some amount. These odds were, however, currently offered at the close. The investments on Wentworth at 3 to 1 exceeded 1,000lI., and backers, increasing in confidence, were evidently willing to goon. F aXz7oetto was in considerable reauest; 5 to 1 was taken to several hundred pounds; at half a pointhigher the outlay in his favoulr woul have been greatly increased. S to 1 was offered against Cannobie, and 9 to 1 taken about Artillery. In the early part of the afternoon 10 to 1 was booked to 50Q. about Coroner; subsequently 11 to I was laid, and at last 12 to 1 was offered. Several inquiries were made about Fly-by-Night, but we did not see hin backed. 15 to 1 in fifties would have been betted. At 1,000 to 30, 30 to 1, and 25 to I the investments on Ellington anmoimted to about 700Q.; 30 to 1 was his closing The odds quoted against The Prince were taken to 100l. Of the outsiders Cotswold and the Barbarina colt were in most demand. The prices at the conclusion of business were as under:- T3rE DEPnBy. 3 to 1 agst Wentworth (taken and offered). 5 to 1- Fazzoletto (taken and offered). S to 1- Cannobie (offered). 9 to 1-Artillery (taken). 12 to 1- Vandermulin (taken and offered). 12 to 1-The Coroner (offered). 15 to 1 -Fly-by-Night (offered). 20 to 1-The Prince (taken). 30 to 1- Ellington (taken). 40 to 1- Mr. Verdant Green (taken). 50 to 1- Astrologus (tak-en). 50 to 1-Barbarina colt (taken 1,000 to 15- Cot.wold (taken free y). 1,000 to 10-Puck (taken). Offers to bet 1,000 to 60 on twenty.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Will you allow me to correct an important error wbich has appeared in your report of my evidence before the Central Criminal Court on Saturday last? I am there reported to have said that the heart of Agnes Sennet was found after death "distended and sti£f,' whereas I really said "contracted andstiff." This error is the more extraordinary to me becanse, in answer to a question put by Lord Canupbell at the end of my examination, I distinctly repeated that the heart was found "contracted and Your early insertion of this note will much oblige your obedient servant, P. WA TSV 198, West George-street, Glasgow, May 2L
THE FAmmY OF THE LATE MR. J. P. COOK.- We are requested to state that the only sister of the late Mr. John Parmons Cook is still alive, having been married ia November, 1&4, to Mr. F. E. Bradford, of Birkholme, near Colsterwortb. THE POR.T OF LIVERPOOI.-AuOther survey is about to be made of tbe port of Liverpool under the direction of the marine committee of theLverpoclDockTrustees, Owing to the alterations which have taken place since the last survey two years ago.
FOBEIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (FROM O7R OWN CORR A'Pnw-, I !re following appeared in Our second edition of yes terdav:-- P- .ARIS, WZDNESDAY, M&Y 21, 6 P.x. It is to-morrow that M. de Hiibner will present hi3s credentials as Amxsssador from the Court of iV'ienna to the Fmperor of the French. The presentation will take place with all the ceremony usual on the reception of an Ambassador fromi a great Power newly arrived. He will be conveyed to Court lin the Imperial state carriage, and the troops will be under arms to receive km. We are in vain looking for the nomination of an Ambassador from the Court of St. Petersburg. Baron Branow being only here on an extraordinary mission. This would show that the reconciliation with Russia is far from being so sincere as mi3ght be wished. Considering the effect produced by tthe treaty of the 15th of April, some people begin seriously to think that no Ambassador will be at all named, but that diplomatic relations will continue in the same provisional state in which they now are. Count Orloff expresse3 his ill humour as much as he can, short of giving direct offence. He declined accepting an invitation to an official dinner the other day, where, however, Baron Branow was a guest. The excuse was " a sore eye;" but, as M1. Etibuer was expected to be there, it is not too much to suppose that the presence of the Austrian was the real eyesore of Count Orloff. The day for the baptism of the Imperial Prince is not yet lixed. The 14th or 16th of June has been more than once spoken of, but it is doubted whether the Empress's state of health will permit of her under-going the fatigue of the ceremony, and then attending the banquet and the ball at the Hotel de Ville the same evening. It is possible that a postponement wiU take place. The Emperor himself has not as yet fixed on any day. Prince Napoleon will, it is believed, go as far as Civita Vecchia, to meet the Cardinal who comes to represent the Pope on the occasion, and the Abbe Coquereau will act as Chaplain. Prince Oscar, who appeas greatly pleased with lhis visit to Paris, will probably wait for the baptism,unless it be postponed for too long a period. He will in the meantime pay a visit to the seaports. The violence of the sentiments entertained by the Assemblee Nationale towards England becomes daily more and more undisguised. The following is the latest characteristic outburst of the Fusionist organ " What cares England for the popularity of the King of Naples, or for tho glory of the HIoly See? 'What she desires is clearer than daylight; she wishes, porfas rel nefas, to extend her domination and that of Sardinia in Italy. Genoa no longer suffices: she would now possess Ancona, Civita Vecchia, Messina, and Palermo; and hereafter she would desire Trieste, Leghorn, and Venice. We do not wish to assert that England wishes to plant the British f ag on all these spots. No; her measures are more subtle and discreet. She does not aspire to an increase of territory, but to arrive at a domination without a rival; it sufices for her to establish, where she would reign, that chronic and morbid anarchy which has delivered up to her, for a long time past, the republics of the New World, Spain, and Portugal. This is what England would fain effect. She wishes to strike Italy in the heart and the head by destroying the temporal power of the Pope. When the Papal power shall have been abased, Italy will become an easy prey, and revolutionists will have speedily delivered up the bleeding remains to the savage avidity of the London and Liverpool merchants. Italy will have descended to the last rank among nations* but the Parliaments of Westminster and Turin will sing praises of her liberty and independence." The Moniterox de l'Anrnge announces that the evacuation of the CLimea by the French army was proceeding with the greatest activity. The division of General de Failly, composed of the 10th, 57th, 61st, and 85th Regiments, landed in France on the 27th of April andthe followving days. The three regiments of Zouaves wvhich embarked at Kamiesch on the 21st ult. for Algeria have already reached that destination. Finally, between thei1st and 15th Mvay seven companies of Engineers, the 1st battalion of Foot Chasseurs, and the 6th, 7th, 27th, 30th, 31st, 64th, and 82d Regiments of Infantry alrived at Marseilles. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received :-2 "M-AltSEILLES. 3L&Y 20, EvE,,ns G. "The Simois and the Euphrate have just arrived together, "The last dates from Constantinople aretothel2th. General Codrington was expected to arrive at Constantinople on the following day. " The operations necessary for the fresh demarcation of the frontier of Bessarabia will occupy three months. " The Ottoman Government has decided on the formation of a corps of Gendarmerie, on the model of that existing in France. " The Savoy division of the Sardinian army has left the Crimea. " Peace has been proclaimed at Tilis. Vassif Pasha, excommandant of Kars, is nowv at the formier place. Beu Maza has established his residence at Batoum. " Frightful details have been published of the slave trade which is carried on between Turkey, Candia, and Tripoli. " MLia- 21. "'WVe learn from Constantinople that despatches had reached that capital from Sefer Pasha, which confirm the taking of the Circassian village Sunnech by the Russians, who captured 6,000 head of cattle. The Circassian chiefs have applied to Turkey for assistance, in order to re-establish their communications with the Caucasus. " The Turkish Contingent from Kertch are to proceed to Asia to reinforce the moveable columns of Omar Pasha. " The Porte, on the interference of the Ambassadors, is about to take the most rigorous measures against the authors of the late outrage at Marasch. The assassins will be brought to Constantinople. " Letters from Malta of the 15th state that the public feeling has been tranquillised by a proclamation of the. Governor. The Italians, who have been pardoned, freely move about the town, but the murderer is still in custody." " BERLIN, MA% Y 20. "The Ying has arrived at Konigsberg. Generals Groeben and Gliszczinski have set out for Warsaw to compliment the Czar. "A postal convention has been signed betweenaPrussia anthe United States. " The address of the French inhabitants to the Czar and His Majesty's reply have been officially published at St. Petersburg." "' ST. PETERSBURG, MaY 19. " The Emperor left yesterday for Warsawv. " MA%.Y 20. " The first steamer which has left Lubeck this season arrived before this capital on the 18th, after forcing her way through the ice." The Senate has taken into consideration a proposition of Baron Dupin relative to the erection of a monument in honour of the Emperor Napoleon and the army. The commnission appointed to examine and report upon the proposition consists of Baron Dupin (Chairman), the Marquis de Lavalette (Secretary), Count de Bearn, General Bourjolly, and Count Lemercier. The Legislative Body met yesterday, Count doe Mormy in the chair. A bill relative to drainage was presented; as well as another bill concerning the clearing of plantations belonging to private individuals. A bill was also presented to authorize the alienation of a part of the majorat existing in favour of the Duke do Rovigo. 20 local bills were presented, and two similar bills adopted. The bill tending to modify Art. 32 of the law of July 5, 1844, relative to patents, was adopted, and the proceedings terminated. The session of the Legislative Body, which in its natural course ought to terminateon the 3d of June, thus completing its three months, will, it is said, be extended to the 15th or 20th of the month, in order to afford more time for the discussion of the budget, and to allow the Deputies to be present at the baptism of the Prince ImperiaL The ffloniteur publishes the returns of the produca and consumption of beetroot sugar since the commencement of the season, from which it appears that on the 11 st inst. 275 manufactories were in full operation, or 67 more than at the corresponding date of 1855. The quantity of sugar manufactured, in. cluding 2,359,141 kilogrammes lying over since last year, amounted to 92,332,512 kilogrammes, showing a difference in favour of 1856 of 40,148,160 kilogrammes. Tie sugar sold for consumption, or deposited in the Government bonded stores, was 79,733,266 kilogrammes, or 36,299,746 more than in 1855. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 55c. for the end of the month, and the New Loan at 76f. 70c. Orleans Bailway Shares, 1,465f.; Great Northem, 1,165f.; Strasburg, 1,015f.; New Shares, 920f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,520f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,732f. 50c.; Western of France, 982f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 825f.; Great Central of France, 738f. 75c. ; Lyons and Geneva, 825f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,970f.; Austria Railways, 957f. 50c. Courm Authentiquec-PARIS, May 2L-Cash PricegFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 94f. 50c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (55 per cent, paid), 94F. iS.; dlitto Certificate3 (55 per cent, paid), 94f. 15o.; Four per Cents., 86f. Three- per Cents., 75f. 15o. 20c. ; ditto first IoAn of 1455 (85 per cent, paid), 7Sf. ; ditto sec-ond Loan of 1853 (55 per cent. paid), 7Sof. 30c. ; dit to Certificates (55 pr cent. paiid). 75f. 30.; Bank of Frane 4.00f1.; Crdditrloncier, 7101. 7201. 712f. 5Oc. exdiv.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 43Sf.; ditto Three percents.. 4001. ; ditto Tenths, Three per Cens. 871. Wec.; Cr6dit .Mobilier, 1,9801. 1,975f. 1,9721. S0c. 1,975f. 1,9701.; D)iscount Bank. 7001. 6971. 50c.; Fiedneontese Five per Cents, 94f; dito Thre peiCent. O 45c. ; Austriau 97~~c.; money, 251.~Con
RAILWAY INTELLIGBNCE. HORSHAM AND ,ARuwDEL. Ho,tsis proposed to construct a line of railway from the Horsham branch of the London, Brighton, and South C3ost Eailway, ri4 Pulborough, to Anidel, with branches to Steyning, Petworth, aud 3idhurst. OXFORD, WORCESTER, AND 1WOLVERHAMPTON. 'There are 30 candidates for the vacancies in the direction of this company, including nine of the present directors, .who offer themselves for re-election at the special xneeting ,on the 30th inst. The new candidates are-the Earl of Caithness, Sir S. M3 Peto, Messrs. J. Anderson, E. Brewin S. Baker, J. Capel, J. R. Cobb, W. Cox, W. Fenton, H H. Maude, G. Maxwell, J. Mellor, B. Oliveira, J. M. Parsons, W. G. Taunton, J. Tucker, T. R. Ward, E. Watkin, 0. Whetham, W. Whiteside, and J. Wilson. The retiring directors who offer themselves for re-election are-zessrs. H. G. Busby, H. Grisewood, J. Highfield, R. Johnson, W. Lewis, J. S. Paldngton, J. Parson, J. Thorp, and Lieute. nant-Colonel Rushout, MLP. RLEPORLT OF THE COMMITTEES ON RAILWAY BILLS. MORAYSItIE. MEr. FrTZROY reported from the comaittcc on this bill that the additional capital proposed to be raised by the company for the constru%Ai'n of the neov line of railway from Orton to Craigellachie, ziid for station p ys'oses, is 25,0001. and the amount of loan 8,3331. The length of the proposed line is 5 nmilc, 4 furlongs, ] chain, and the steepest bradient upon it is 1 iu 90, for a length of two furlongs. It is] intended that the railway shall cross on a level one turnp; road. The estinated cost of the railway is 24,0001., *n t;i s, ,uaintity of la.drequired 35 acres. rar. J. Samuel V.AS tiie eu,-ineer examiaod insupport of the bill, and the cominmittee were satisfied of the fitness in an engineerinm' point of view of the proposed railway. The committee had amended the preamble of the bill by striking out the recital relating to the use of a portion of the Inverness and Aber*leen Junction Railway by the company, and had found the >-ne as so amended to be true. STOCKTON AND DARLINGTON, AND NEWCASTLE AND CARLISLE UIoN.. Mr. FITroRY reported from the committee on this bill that the proposed capital of the company formed for the execution of tho project is 100,0001., and the amount of loan 33,0001. The vhole of the capital is subscribed for by shareholders locally interested. Thelength of the proposed line is 10 miles, 3 furlongs, and 3 chains, and the proposed branch railway 1 mile, 3 furlongs, and 1 chain. The steepest gradient on the line is 1 in 44. It is intended to cross on the level three roads. The estimated cost of the railway is 100,0001., and the quantity of land required 1041 acres. Mr. J. A. Longridge was the engineer examined in support of the bill, and the committee were satisfied of the fitness in an engineering point of view of the proposed line of railway. RAILWAY TRAFFIC. Miles Pas- Mar- Total. Totat, Railways. open sengers. chnidise. 1S5. 18So. Mfonth ending February. . West l,anders - .. 75 . . . . 2,327 .. 2,054 WVeek ending May 10. Aberdeen and Scottish Mlid- land Jutnction .. .. 115 .. - .. . .. 3,214 .. 3,16D WVeek ending STay 11. lrstol.andExeter. .. 117 .. - .. - . 6.349 . .SS East Anglian .. -. -. - ... -. 9S 915 WVeelc ending hlay 17. North-Eastem -. . 7031 -. - . . - . .870 33,376 Sambre and Meuse 68 . . 6 S - . . - . 1,192 . 1,197 Waterford and Limerick .. 77 . . - . . -8 .65 . 8s6 WaterfordandKilkeny .. 31 - . - 250 . 213 rLondonderry and Ensislhlen 60 . 2SG . 357 643 631 Londonderry and Coleraine 36 140 .. 140 .. 260 . 2S6 Dabin and Wicldow .. 3- .. 422 .. 217 Weel ending May 18. Great Western -.-.-... . . - - . - . 27,034 -. 25,793 Iland .. .. .. 49 - - 32.001 - 27,SSS *LanucasireandYorkslire 2831 -- . -- - .. 29,22S 19,5SS Eastern Counties, Norfolk. and Eastern Union - 417 . - . - . 23,745 - . 21,249 Antwerp and Rotterdam. - . . 597 . 275 872 .. s59 Shrewabury and Chester i . - . . - . . - t2,737 -2,2.5 ShrewsburyandBirmingham - .. - . . 1,942_ 1.351 ChesterandfHolyhead L. - . - . . - 5,744 . 4.807 ShropahireUnion .. .. 291 .. - - 1,007 5.. 90 Oxford.Woroester, and Wol- verhampton.. .. .. 94 2,313 . 1,524 3,837 - 3,410 Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford .. .. .. 40 -. - .. .. 1,018 -- 739 Dabln and BIlfast Junction 56 - . - . - I,°S7 . . 1,8 Mfidland Great Western (Ire- land) . - 1,753 - 1.274 . 3,027 °2912 North British.. 149 1- 1958 2.941 . 4.9 946 w.This amount includes the Liverpool, Crosby, and Southport trafic. Which is not included in the corresponding period. t Shrewsbusy race week.
.WCOTTISH EQUITABLE LIFE ASSUEANOB SOCIBTY. rAdvertisement.1 The annual meeting of the above soiety wvas held in Edinburgh on the 5th inst. The report by the 'dIrectoss stated that the number of police3 issued during the sear coding 1st of Mlarch las- w as 63S, tho sums assured thereby being£:293,' 50, and theamnnal premiums thereon 2aThe result of the inve3tigation for the triennial division of profits v.as then announced. The surplrs ascertained to bare arisen amounted to £1833,839, vhich vholly beleogs to themembers, but of which one third (61,29) must, by the lawvs of the society, be set aside as a reserve for allocation at the next triennial division, in 1859. rom the rem'ining tvo thirdis a bonus w as declared atthe rate of 1; Per cent, per annum on all polcies on which six prenmiums had been paid, not only on the sums inthe policies, but also on the former vested There vas left, in addition to £61,279 of reserve above stated, a surplus of £13,623-together £74,002. to go to the next division. The invested funuds of the society amount to £979.261, the annnal revenne to £5169,400, and the existimg assurances to £4,764,949 Copies of the report iiiay be obtained at the society's head offlce, 26 St. Andrew-sqnuare Edinburgh; at the London ofSice, 126, Bishops' g-ate-street ; midsat any of the agencies. ROBEIRT CHRISTIE, Manager.- ARCEED. T. RITCHIE, London Agent.
DA1RZnG BunRGAuRY.-The burglaries which have lately been committed in and near this city were outdone in all their features of audacity and alarm by one perpetrated on Friday evening last, at the house of Miss Emma Ill, which is situate in Bromwich-lane, St. John's. This, as our readers know, is a very secluded spot, and is just outside the city boundary, a sort of border ground batween the beats of the city and county police. Besides Miss HiU there were two female servants and lmrs. Ellis, the housekeeper, sleeping in the house. The latter was awakened by the incessant barking of a large dog in Mr. Wheeler's yard, and presently fancied that she heard a noise in the oower part of the house. The robbers, three or four of them in niunber, had in fact entered the drawvingroom, and were ransackng the house. They had at first got in at the scullery window, but not being able to break open the door leadimg to the rest of the house, had made their way out again and tried the drawvingrooml window, where, with a centre-bit, they cut out a smaU portion of the upper sash, so as to loosen the fastening. and then with a jemmy wrenched up the window, but the shatters inside being closed and secured with a short iron bar, again offered some slight resistance. An aperture in the oldmg of the shutters allowed of the insertion of the instrument, and the bar being raised the shutters were opened and an entrance effected. This room they thorouighly pillaged, and a decanter of port-wine, which had evidently been placed there for removal, was left on the: carpet, while several silver card counters and a small silver; candlestick and extinguisher remained on a sofa near the: window. They broke open the cheffonier and placed its' contents in different parts of the room. They drank a bottle of sherry, a quanlity of brandy and gin, and some ale. They, then wvrenched off the lock of the door leading into the hall, and proceeded upstairs to ldissHill'sroom. They surrounded her bed, and one of them holding a pistol to her demanded her muoney. With great coolness she told him that the greater part of it was in the bank, but they would find a little in a portable desk, to which she directed them.. This they accordingly broke open, and took out. 41. in sovereigns and halfsovereigns. They ransacked other pieces of furn- tare, but, singularly enough, passed over a number of bank- i notes. They next entered the room of Mrs. Ellis, where they turned out the contents of the wardrobe and every drawer and euphoard in the room. The clothes of the bed were dispersed, and the pocket in Mrs. Ellis's gown was' cut open and some silver taken. Luckily the keys of the plate chest, in another pocket, were overlooked. Mrs. Ellis uring this time was walkim- about in one of the upper bedrooms, Again imagining sYle heard footsteps she looked down the stairs from the top landing, and distinctly saw by the light of a candle in the hand of one of the robbers four men approaching. She immediately threw open a front windovw, and violently raug an alarm bell. 'Phis had the effect of intimidating the thieves, who hastened downstairs, and escaped by the drawingroom window. As Mrs. Ellis continued ringing the bell with her hand projecting from the window, one of the men fired the pistol at her, the shots from which struck against the wall and cornice of the roof, a fewr feet above her head. The smoke from the discharged pistol hid the persons of the burglars from her sight, but in a few seconds she observed them beating a precipitate. retreat across the garden. Two bludgeons, a pistol, and a "jemmy" were found on Miss Hill's premises, but they will' afford no clue to the burmlars. The men were dressed hlke; railway stokers, and had their faces blackened.- Worcester' Chrm-icle. [Advertisement.]-' Memoirs of the CouDrt of theswe-' geuey." by the Duke of Bucktinghams. 2 vols, *rithpsortraits, just poblisied by fessrs. Hurst anidBackett. Among the&-itinguimedJc,r aenage.i mentioned in these volumesniviI be found King Geieorge 31r.r the P5rince Regent, and the Royal Family of Rugland, the EmuperorsI Napoleon and Alexander. and the principal members of the RtoyalI Families of Europe. the Dukes of wellington. Deronshire. Portlandl Rutland, Norfolk, Sr.. the 3LuTrpnses of LIn,osdowne. wellesly, Hast.S Jugs, Hertford, Buckinghami, Lords renvflle. Ceetlereagh, Lirerpool, Grey Holan, Erkin, Ngentlwetmoden Fitzwilliam, Bathistel Jee, a d icaol,ne Lamb3, Ladyn Timesefflce, 3D. Jordand, T s Fitaherbert, Ste.Gea DebyCbzt, a Lst f te Irobbl Strtes ad Jckes,and the Analystds of the' Epse Proramm. Tbee wo deire no lmw the w-inner of th& Bery bforhan shuldgettheRacngTimes" on Monday next,' Orde ofanynewsgen, o sen diectfrom the office for four
MONPY-MARKETand GCITYI2-1RLLIGBNCE Thursday EFvening. The Bank of England have to-day reduced their rate of discount for bills having more than 60 days to rni from 7 per cent. to 6 per cent. Forbills below 60 days the rate remains: at 6 per cent., and there will therefore now be no distinction between the two descriptions. It was on the 18th of October last that the rates wvere put up to 6 and 7 per cent. They have consequently been in operation more than seven months. All exceptional infu'ences being now removed fromthe money-market by the conclusion of peace, a gradual return to the charges of ordinary times may be looked for, and the only points to challenge the attention of traders and capitalists will be the prospects of each yearly harvest and of the drain upon our capital for schemes of foreign improvement. With regard to the frst of these, everything at present is encouraging, while the danger even from the possibility of any failure is greatly lessened by the re-established freedom of supply from Russia and the Danube. In connexion 'with the second, although the ultimate consequences of the system of guarantees to public companies from the various European Governments are perfectly plain, they are not likely to manifest themselves in any adverse manner for a year or two or more, and hence no persons --ill "eel called upon to take them into immediate calculation. Consequently, from this date the re-establishment of a safe and untroubled money-market, so far as such a state can be considered to exist at any time, will be held to have taken pl;ce. In emerging thus from all the consequences of the war the nation are bound to recognize the operation of the Currency Bill of 1844 as well as the management of the Bank of England, which on this occasion has been in perfect harmony -with the principles of that measure. To the legislation of Sir RobertPeel inthis respect, no less thaninthat of free trade, we owe the fact of our having passed through a struggle more calculated to test the financial resources of nations than any other on record, not only without unusual difficulties, but absolutely with a freedom from commercial casualties such as is rarely witnessed even in ordinary times. To a few whose hallucinations both on free trade and currency render them unteachable the lesson will be lost, and they -will still attribute to the gold discoveries or any other equally irrelevent circumstance all that has been achieved. The great mass of the people, however, will do justice to the real causes which, while France was obliged to resort to monetary palliatives that rendered a continuance of hostilities too dangerous to be willingly' contemplated, enabled England relatively to assume a stronger position with each day they were protracted. They will also rejoice at an experience which has permanently dissipated all that liability to panic which used to prevail from the dread of high rates of interest. It has been demonstrated not only that such rates may co-exist with the greatest mercantile prosperity, but that, in times of trial, they are the sole means of its preservation;i and, with this Inowledge, the terrors of any future period of difficulty will be confined to those upon whom they should properly fall, and upon whom no other discipline would be of avail. The English funds opened to-day at the closing prices of last evening, and experienced a subsequent improvement of an eighth, which was scarcely maintained to the close of business. Consols for money were first quoted 94j to i,. whence they advanced to 94& to i, but there were fially sellers at 94g. For the account the last transactions were at 94- to -. The scrip of the new loan ranged between I7 and 21- premium, and it closed at 2 premium. A further large gold arrival from Australia, the circumstance that 1I per cent. will be tak-en off the quotation of Consols in the course of a fortnight on accoiunt of the approaching dividend, and anexpectation that -within tvo or three'weeks, if not-earlier, the Bank will find it necessary to reduce their rate of discount to five per cent. 'were the influences tending to support the market, but there seemed less disposition to activity than had been expected. Bank Stock left off at 215 to 2161; Reduced, 930 to ;- New Three per Cents., 93-r to i; Annuities, 30 years, 17 to ; India Stock, 230 to233; India Bonds, 8s. to 3s. premium; and Exchequer-bills (MIarch), 2s. discount to 2s. premium; (June), 4s. to Is. discount. Foreign securities have not varied in any great degree, but prices generally have been maintained with firmness. Turkish Six, per Cents. were negotiated at 98 7 for the account; and the Guaranteed Four per Cents. at 102k and 103. In Buenos Ayres the transactions -were at 77- and 78. The other business comprised-Brazilian Five per Cents., 99k; the Small, 99X; the New, 1843, 98 ; Danish Three per Cents., S4 and 841; Mexican, for money, 23b; for the account, 234 and; -; Portuguese Four per Cents., 51i; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 953.; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 46k, i, anA 4f6; the New Deferred, for account, 25j, and -L; Spanish Certificates of Coupon not funded, 6, 5, 61, and 6; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 951. 'fhere was increased abundance of money to-day, and the rate iu the discount-mnarket was 5? per cent. A further sum of about 50,0001. in gold is stated to have been sold to the Bank during yesterday and to-day. The Eagle to-day, from Australia, has brought three days' later intelliEence and 66,464 ounces of gold, valued at 265,856I. The following letter will recall public attention to the management of the continental traffic by the Soluttl Eastern Railway Company. The vriter is disposed to attribute the fact of nothing having been done to enable the baggage of through passengers to be examined in London so as to avoid detention at Folkestone to the supineness of the company, rather than to the rouitine obstructiveness of the Customs. The latter view seems the most probable, but wherever the fault may lie there can be no question it is extremely discreditable. With regard to the " touting" system tolerated by the South-E3astern Company at Folkstone, assuming the representations made on the subject to be correct, it is obviously anational disgrace: " Sir,-As the natural result of peacewill be a more complete development of our continental trade, as well as an inducement for people to travel, it may not be out of place to ask the directors of the South-Eastern Railway Company - to devote a little more of their attention to the permanent arrangements of their line and its regular traffic. " The usual reply will, doubtless, be given, that a great deal has already been accomplished, and that too much is expected. But, however desirous the directors may be to nmeet the wishes of the public, there is yet much to be done before it can be said, with anything lik-e consistency, that they have got things in proper working order. It is now six months since your attention was first drawn to their system of doing business in Folkestone, andthe way in which they managed their trade between Boulogne and that port; - lbut, nowtsadn al that was then s.aid, and the very fair promises Mwhich wrere imacle, every_thingg-oe`s on _a`s before. - "Thepropersteps, forexample,have notyetlbcentakento have the baggage examined in London, and so to afford the pnblic the same facility in travelling from Paris to london as is enjoyed by those traveDiing from London to Paris. The Board of Cnstoms have long since conceded the principle by allowing the baggage of all passengers arriving at Dover by the morning mail to be forward,d on to London- bridge Station for examination, the proper officers being: always in attendance for that purpose. Why, then, can it not be done in the case of passengers arriving by the Folkostone route ? There is no good reason to the contrary, forit is the simplest thing possible, and would not be attended with the slightest difficulty or risk. The Secretary to the Company, In a letter addressed to you on the 12th of Novemnbr last, remarked that, ' The directors are not without hopes that the authorities may yet be disposed to accede to the request, urgently made to them on the part of the company, to permit the throuigh passengers' baggage, the examination of which is the cause of much delay at Folkoestone, to be carried to london direct, as is permitted by th e French authorities in respect of baggage registered in London for Paris.' But are the directors reaUy desirous of obviating those evils by taking the necessary measures ? It iS veryvmuch doubted. As to their sincerity in the matter, we have something to guide us in the reply given by the Secretary to the Treasury, wihen the question was broight under the notice of the House of Commons. by Mr. M'acgregor, two or three weeks ago. Mr. Wilson then stated that as yet the matter had never been brought before the Treasury, but that should it ever come under their notice their Lordships would give it their best and most careful consideration. What, then, is the meaning of the assertion made by the directors as to their requests bemg ' urgently' made to the proner authorities I The xegsulation sought to be established must be sanctioned or rejcctk ir the case maY be; by the Lords of the Treasury; yet ;theu Lordahips' Secretary states that the thing has never bee brought before them. "There are, moreover, many things of wlhich the public have just cause to complain which the directcrsi cnnot -deny to be entirely within their own management and controL The touting system, as practised atFolkeatone. is a mational disgrace; and hU now obtained a world-wide notoriety, yet they take no steps townards its supprassion. To suchb an extdent do the comipany,s prehriies swarm with those touting -gents that trraellers -havve luci diffiecty -i effecting ^?1 entrance fromi Atz boat to the refre3hment room., Pas3engers are So -much importuned and worried that they cannot get rid of the annoyance except by employing some of these ersons, who, on many occasons, represent themselves s Cuon.hoasa officers. The charges, too, are positively outrageous. Of this an idea may be formed when it is stated that some of them, with their assistants, make from 201. to 3OL per,dy during the busy season; the demands varying from 5c. to 51. In any other place than Folkestone, or withliany other people to deallwith than the phrectors of this rcom beng,such a state of thingswouold not be tolerated fori week, Indeed the 'aborinable nuisance,' as it is termed by a loct journl, could never have come into exiaheoiu it not been for the culpable neligence of the raiswei aulthorites. " The remedy for al this is very plain. Let the directors appoint an agent of their owne whose whole business it shall be to attend to the passengers on behaef of tho comlpany and so exclude the touters from their premises altogetherf This they are perfectly 3ustifiaed in doing. But he should be paidhbysalary and not by fees,for in the latter cseit wousld be only substitulting one evilt for another, and, se encourgng a regular system of fraud on the public There are men who are now ready to give The company alarge annual sum for the ltter privilege-one person, it is said, will willingly give 500. a-year for the exclusive right of fleecing sach travellers as may have the misfortune to fanl into his hands. The agent of the company should be a man of some energy and intelligence, well acquainted with the FRrench language, and with manners at least approaching to those of a gentleman. " The changes thuls sugvgested woulld involve little or~ no outlay on the part; of the company, mwhile to the public the ndvantages would be great indeed. " I am, &c., 12 An adjourned meeting of the Victoria Dock Company was held to-day, Mr. J- P. Hevywoor in the chair, when the draught lease agreed upon between the directors and MIessrs. Peto, Betts; and Brassey was approved. It was stated bythe deputychairmnn that the business of the docks continues to be highly satisfactory, and he submitted the following account, furnished by the lessees, of vessels which have entered since the opening on the 26th of NLovember last up to the 17th inst. To the 30th of April the number waas 438 ships, the grosstonna ge of which was 170,490 tons, giving a monthly average of 85 ships, 33,122 tons. For the current month to Saturday, the 17th, the number has been 88 ships of an a-oven-ate burden of 30,775 tons, showing that the numb1er of ships and their tonnage for bat little more than half the month have been nearly equal fo those of entire previous months. The ships in dock at this date are 83, and their capacity 37,752 tons. At a meeting of the Royal M,ail West India Steam Company held to-day the following changes in the direction were agreed to:-Mr. Gr. S. Thornton, in the place of Mr. R. Ellice; Mr. J. F. Gruning, in the place of Captain Shepherd; Mr. R. Gurnev, min the place of Air. T. Baring, M.P,; Captain Eoratio B. Young, in the place of Mir. T. Masterman; MIr. E. Colville, in the place of Captain Nelson; and Mr. G. J. Redman, in the place of MNlr. G. Hibbert. The aunual meeting of the Oriental Bank Corporation took place to-day, MIr. H. G. Gordon presiding, 'when the dividend declared was at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, free of income-tax, and the report and accounts were adopted. It was stated that the progress of business is satisfactory, and that prospects have improved since the declaration of peace. The insurance fund is increasing, and upon reaching a sufficient total it will be proportionally divided. Annexed is an abstract of the report and accounts ", The directors have the pleasure of presenting the annual report for the year 1855, and the general statement and balance-sheet made out and audited in accordance witli the provisions of the charter. The agregte amnount of profit for the year is 127,010!., from which a dividend for the first six months of 11. n. per share, or at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, and income-tx, was naid on the 1st of Decenmber, and it is now the intention of the directors to declare a like dividend for the subsequent six months ended the 31st of December, 1855, to be payable (free of income-tax) on and after the 2d proximo. Tlhe payment of this dividend wil absorb 60,411!., and leave at credit of profit and loss a balance of 8,5931. In the lastannual report allusion was made to the effect of thevwar as affectipg the profits for tne previous year. The same cause has continued to act nafavorbly on the general business of the corporation. The capital account, at the 31s; of December, stands at 1,228,115!. (of which 1,208,2351. only is entitled to dividend on this occasion), leaving 28,210L. due of the last instalment on the late issue of inew shares, and since paid. The reserved-surplus fund amounts to 251,265Z., and is all invested in Govelnment securities. " GEN-Es. STATEEN AND B E-snNCE ST OF T-EI OmP.ST,rL B,ANK COFOBR&TION, FOr THE YEA-1 ENDThG DECE ERn 31, 1855. " LUA SI.TIES. To P. ha .Bills( Cash Cash Capit: Reser Insur £ s. d. romissory Notes in circulation not ring interest ... ... ... ... 233,253 5 0 Dt exchange in circulation not bear- interest - ... ... ... ... 1,812,923 10 8 ces due to other banlks ... 284,3SS 11 1 deposited, not bearing interest ... 289,592 14 3 deposited, bearing interest ... 1,577,035 15 4 Total due to the Public ... - 4,197,193 16 4 £C S. a. al paidup . 1,228,115 0 0 ved surplus fund 251,265 0 0 ance fund ... 10,960 19 2 Dividends Iemaining unpaia ... Balance of profit and loss. after defravinc all By cc Dalai Prom Gove 10,141 15 0 current charges.. 69,00t 15 7 Total due to the Shareholders ... 1,569,487 9 9 £5,766,6S1 6 1 £2 s. d. in and biuion ... 1,561,546 1S i ices due from other banks ... ... 204,059 14 S issory notes and bils of other banks 53,407 10 0 £1,819,014 2 9 rnment securities ... ... ... 690,517 15 0 Landed or other property of the Corpora- tion ... IDebts secured by landed or other property --- ... ... ... ... Notes and bills discounted, or other debts due to the corDoration, not included under the foreroinr heads. and 123,58G 10 11 45,574 16 1 exclusive of debts abaidondasbad ... 3,037,988 1 4 £5,766,681 6 " PRoFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT. To anount p aid as dividend for half-year to the30thofJune . 5,000 0 0 Balance as above ... . 69,004 15 7 E127,010 15 7 By amount of net profit at the 31st of December, 1855, after defraying cur- rent charges and writing off all bad debts... ... ... ... 127,010 15 7 £127,010 15 7 The Danish Consul-General in London has given notice that he is now authorized to affix the Consular seals or plombs to goods intended for sbipment to Russian ports in tlle Black Sea.
TRADX REPORT. Thursday Evening. SUGAR.-There is no alteration in the market. The publia sales comprised 1,6142 boxes yellow Havannxh, 459 bo:ce Cuba, clayed and 447 hhds., 81 tierces, and 76 barrels Cuba Muscovado. The whole of the Cuba Muscovado were disposed of at full rices-viz., middling to fine brown, 3&. to 41s.; gray, 40s. 6d. to 41 . 6d.; low to good yellow, 42s. to 45s. The avannah and boxes of Cuba clayed were all taken in at high rates. A cargo of yellow Havannah, No. 12A, 2 000 *bomes, has been sold afloat for the Mediterranean at 32s.. Gd. per cwt. Of West India 592 hhds. have becn disposed oL TRA.-The sales have been proceeded with to-day, andthe remaining 3,352 packages, " without reserve," brought about yesterday's rtes. 7,200 p kages, offered upon the usual conditions,were also passed, but for these the biddings were very slack, and only about 1,500 packages found buyers, prices generaly showing no alteration. tCOTYEE.-280 casks and 60 bags plantation Ceylon, consisting chiefly of old grayish coffees, and for which there -was not much demand, were chiefly talen in at 5O.R to 61s. Of 1,400 bags native Ceylon, about 500 sold at SOs. to Sls for good ordinary to good, which is fully 6d. per cwt. lower. 78 casks and 40 bags Jamaica brought 58&. to 61s., and 100 ba_s Costa Rica wvere bought in at bos. for pale guality. - Eirc-Pnivately, late yesterday about3,000 bags Moonglhy were disposed of at 7s. 9d per cwt. SALTPETBE.-There are no transactions to report to-d*. TALLOm.-There is less demand to-day for talow on the spot, the price is quoted 45s. 9d. to 46s., but for the end -E the year there is more inquiry, 45s. 3d. being offered for delivery in the last three months. SmAIE oF TsuDE.-MIANcnEsnP;, M1ay 22.-tThere is little or no change in the markel since Tuesday. Mianufacturers have only been able to sel by submitting to a slight reduction, and spinners have to. concedo 1d. per lb. on last week's rates. The reduction, however, is mora marked in India qualities and in thtbhrd twists suited for the Mediterranean than for cop 'sd;sn for b.j=e maniamI facturers,
AILWA Y ARD MIUIaG SHABE& Thurs&y Evening. The railway-market was active at the comrnmence-ment of business, and prices experienced a further advance. Sales, however, were renewed towards the close, the speculators manifesting a disposition to realize. Australian land and banking shares were-steady, but thle operations generally were uinimportant. In 13ast India and French descriptions there was no particular alteration, but quotations were wvell supported. Miscellaneous shares attracted little attention. Ottoman Bank left off i to I- premilum; Bank of Egypt, g to i premium; National Discount Company, i to I discoumt; WVestern of London, 5 to 4 discount; London and Paris, 3-1 to .2# discount; Riga Railway, 1~ to; premnium; Lombardo-Venetian, 6t to A premium; and Alliance Bdlk-, 2 to 1 discount.
THE CORNV TRADE. 'RThMNTTn iT A Tnr 1 Ar.- At Glocester market, on the 17th, the wheat market closd Is. to 2s. per quarterlower. At Worcester, the same day, the prices of the previousweek were nearly maintained. Barley less in request, but no cheaper. There was a fair demand for oats at Drevious rates. Beans neglected. During; the present week wheat bas been firmly held for quite as much money, which buyers would not give. Barley only taken in retaiL Wehave afair demand for oats at former prices. Beais quite as dear, At Wolverbampton yesterday there was only a moderate supply, and dealers' fine wneats could not be bought lower, while other kinds gave way Is. per qssarter. At thin day's market there was a large supply of wheat, and the sales made were at a decline of fully Is. per quarter on aUl descriptions. Barley sold slowly at previous rates. Oats taken less freely, but maintaintheirvalue. On beansthetum was infavourofthe buyer. M5ANSCHESTER, MALY 22. Since our last report but little change has been apparent in the trade; an inactive feeling has continued to prevail in all its branches, and in the limited busminess passing buyers have had the turn of prices in their favour. From abroad the arrivals at Liverpool are liberal of wheat, Indian corn, andi tlour; and from Ireland the supply of oatmeal is to a fair extent. Our market this morning was of a very languid character. Holders of the best qualities of wheat and flour were firm in requiring prerious rates, which buyers not being willing to give, but few transactions occurred. Secondary sorts were quite neglected, and might have been purchased at a reduction of Is. per quarter and sack respectively. Ln other articles there was no changoe worthy of notice. GLASGOW, LrAY 21. We had heavy showers of rain up to Monday last, since when the weather has been dry and warm. The arrivals coastwise have been exceedingly light; from Ireland. we received fair quantities of oats, oatmeal, and flour - from abroad by the Clyde 2 9ll qarters of wheat from Alexandria, l3 quarters of tran5 and 8o quarters of Indian cern from Saffl, and vif. Grangemouth 1,822 quarters of wheat from the centinent. The business during the week has been slow in most Iarticles, at about the previous rates. This day's market was thinly attended, and the inquiry for any desipt-ion of e rain or Slour was merely in retail, at last Wednesday's currency.
TENNANS OF E PAST.-MUCh interest was excited last week by the discovery of two stone coffins in the excavations now making at the south-east side of the Cathedral, in order to putt in the foundations of the new buttresses. They were several feet below the surface, and one of them was actually built in with the foundations of the very oldest part of the Cathedral, and it is therefore imagined that they musthave been theresting-place of some whowalkedourearthatleast 60Oyearsago. One coffinwascut out of a solid piece of stone; the other was formed of square blocks. The lids of both were gone, but the skeletons they contained were singularly perfect; in one case the hands were crossed over the breast, and the individual of 'whom these bones were once the framevwork must have been extremy tall. Both coffins were carefully removed by direction of the Very Rev. the Dean, and placed in the crypt. A great number of human bones have been found in the soil hereabouts-all those of males, of more than ordinary size, and so it is conjectured that the bodies of the soldiers ;who fell in the battle of Worcester were probably interred bere.-Worcester Crhanidce.
LAW REPOST. I ROLLS' COTRT. CTLA-w,-T A 92.1 KTND;r.E.'FIY Vr .TVTR_ (Before the MAsTER of the Rous.) HIS Hoxoun gave judgment in this case, in which the question raised was whether under the present state of the law (or rather under the provisions of the 3d and 4th of William IV., c. 104, and the 1st and 2d of Victoria, c. 110) the estate of a testator, or an intestate, was liable to the payment of his simple contract debts in priority to the Judgment debts of his devisee or heir-at-law; and the Court held that, inasmuch as the devisee or heir could take no interest in the estate of the testator or the intestate until after all the just debts of the deceased had been discharged. or, in other words, could not insist upon the realization of an interest which was antagonistic to the claims of persons to whom the estate of the testator or intestate was legally liable, the judgment debts of the devisee or heir-at-law could not interfere with or disturb the rights of priority. in respect to payment which the testator's or intestate's creditors were entitled to. The case has been very ably argued by the counsel on both sides, and has taken up much time of the Court, but the above is the ltth and substance of it. Mr. Roupel Mr. H. Paimer, Mir. Iloyd, Mfr. Bagsljawei Mr. I?ollett, Mr. Beavau, Mr. Bnsk, Mr. Tripp, r.* Osborne, Mfr. Cory, Mr. Giffard, MIr. Amphiett, Mr. Morris, MIr. Southigate, and Mr. White appeared inl the ease.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COURTS. AL&Y 22. fBefore Vice-Clhaneellor Sir R. T. KRTIF.MRET V Tha Court sat at Idncoln's-inn this morning at 10 o'Olock, the Lord Chancellor not having given the usual dejetiner. Several motions, containing no matter of public interest, were disposed of during the day. (Before Vice-ChanceUor Sir J. STUART.) The ViC-CH.SCELLoR rose at an early hour, having disposed of all the motions which were brought before the Court. Nothing occurred to call for a report. (Beforc Vice-Chancelor Sir W. P. WOOD.) RAMAGE V. BIDDULPH. The Vice-Chancellor was occupied nearly the whole of the day with the arguments in this case, which came before the Court by adjournment from chambers, on a dispute arsing out of certain accounts and inquiries directed by the decree in the suit which relates to certain coal mines, of which the defendants are the lessors, and the plaintiffs, as trustees of the British Iron Company, are the lessees. At the conclusion of the arguments, His H(oxouR said that it would be impossible to come to any satisfactory conclusion as to the accounts in dispute, except by a viv' roce examination of the parties by whom they had been made up, with the view of ascertaining the mode by which the results had been arrived at. It was accordingly arranged that the examination should take place to-morrow (this day), and that the Court should also proceed to hear the arguments on another point arising out of the case, and which is likely to occupy as much time and possess as little public interest as the former. Mlr. Rolt and MIr. Cotton appear for the plaintiffs, and hMr. Willcock and Mr. Kenyon for the defendants.
I COURT OF QUENS BENC ESnS Y 22 (Sittings in Banco, before Justices COLERIDGE, EREL, and CRoMPTOx.) This being the first day of Trinity Term, their Lordships, in the absence of Lord Campbell, who is engaged on the trial of Wrilliam Palmer at the Central Criminal Court, took their seats on the bench at 10 o'clock. THE QUEEN V. THE ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY. Sir F. KELLY moved for a rule to show cause why the return which had been made to a peremptory mandamus in thiscease should not be quashed. On the application of the Rev. Joseph Ditcher, charging the Venerable George Anthony Denison with the maintenance of certain unsound doctrmes contrary to the articles of the Church of England, &c., the Court had issued a peremptory mandamus directed to the Archbishop of Canterbury, commanding him that immediately after the receipt of the said writ " you do require by writing under your hand the Venerable George Anthony Denison, Archdeacon of Taunton and vicar of East Brent, in the county of Somerset, to appear, either in person or by his agent duly appointed, before you, at a time and place to be by yon therein named, according to the provi sions of the said statute, and do further proceed in the mnatter of the said charge or complaint of the said Joseph DitcheragainstthesaidArchdeaconfDenisonaccordingtolaw." To this writ of msandamnus the Archbishop had made a return which purported to be an entire submission to the writ. It was as foilows :-" I, John Bird, Archbishop of Canterbury, in the wiit hereunto annexed mentioned, do most humbly certify to our Sovereign Lady the Queen, at the place in the said writ mentioned, that I did require, by writing under my hand, the Venerable George Anthony Denison, Archdeacon of Taunton and vicar of East Brent, in the county of Somerset, in the diocess of Bath andWells, in the said writ mentioned, to appear either in person or by his agent, duly appointed, before me in the Common Hal of Doctors'-commons, situate in the parish of St. Benedict near Paul's-wharf, in the city of London, and our province of Canterbury, and place of judicature there, on Tuesday, the 27th day of the present month of May, at 11 of the o'clock in the forenoon of the same day, and there to abide during such time as occasion shall require, then and there to make answer to the articles in the said writ mentioned, according to the provisions of the statute in the said writ mentioned. -J. B. CANTUAI&. To this writ a return had been made, which raised a question not only of great importance, but also of great difficulty-viz., whether under the 9th section of the Church Discipline Act, the 3d and 4th Victoria, c. 86, it was the duty of the Archbishop to summon the party to appear and make answer in the diocess of Bath and Wels, oranywhere in the province of Canterbury. An apsprehension was entertainedthat if under the act of Parhament the proceedings oughlt to take place in the diocess of Bath and Wells, and they should tak-e place as proposed by the Archbishop, the whole proceedings would be void, and the Statute of Limitations would intervene after great expense had been incurred. The mandamus was quite right, and therefore the motion was for a rule to quash the return. hlr. Justice CROasrrTON.-The return, instead of following the ncandacus, says that the Archbishop has summoned the Aredeacon to appear in Doctor's-commons. Sir F. KELLY said it was considered better to move for the present rule than to prohibit the Archbishop. hlr. Justice CRoaarToNr said, if the return had been in the words of the mandamus, the prosecutor could not adopt his present course. Sir F. KELLY said, if the Court should express a clear opinion that the return was good, the whole object of the applcation would be obtained. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE said nothing this Court could say would adjudicate upon the question in the Ecclesiastical Court; the Archdeacon would not be bound by what this Court was now doing. Sir F. KELLY said the Archbishop and the Archdeacon might be brought before this Court on this motion, and if allthe parties agreed, the maxim consensus tollit er-ro-ree, would apply. The Rev. Mr. Ditcher was willing to take any course to which the Archbishop and Archdeacon might atgree. Mr. Justice CRoasrTor said perhaps they might amend the return to the mnandam2us, and fight the question out in the Ecclesiastical Court. .lMr. Justice COLERIDGE said the learned counsel might take a rule to show cause; the question was a proper one to be discussed. Sir F. KELLY said he wished to state that Mr. Ditcher would be perfectly content to give his consent to any course by which justice might be done. The learned counsel added that the rule might be drawn up peremptory for Monday, to be disposed of at once, as Tuesday next was the day when the Archdeacon was appointed to appear in the Ecclesiastical Court. Rule nisi granted. DOUGLASS V. CORBETT. This was one of two actions brought by two brothers against the defendant to recover damages for maliciously and without probable cause causing the plaintiffs to be taken into custody and indicted upon a charge of stealing the defendant's sheep. The defendant pleaded only the general issue. At the trial, which took place at Ox=ford, before Mfr. Baron Bramwell at the last assizea, the learned baron asked the jury whether there was such a resemblance between the seven sheep found in the possession of the plaintiffs and the general body of the defendant's flock that the defendant might, as a reasonable man, believe they were apart of it; and, upon the jury findingthat question in the aiative, his Lordship said he was of opinion that the defendant had reasonable and probable cause for instituting the prosecution, and directed a verdict for the defendant. Subsequently a rule was granted for a new trial, upon the question whether upon the facts proved in the case the learned baron was justified in so deeiding. Mr. WirATELEY, Q.C., now showed cause against the rule, which was supported by Mr. KEATiNG, Q.C. The nature of the arguments will sufficiently appear from the judgment. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE said he thought the rule for a new trial ought to be discharged. The rule laid down in the caseof "Panton v. Williams," 2 Q. B., 192, didnotin theory present any great difficulty; but, at the same time, Judges sometimes found themselves embarrassed in applying the rule to particular cases, and perhaps this was one of them. The rule had, however, been rightly acted on bythe learned Judge in this case. The rule was that where the question of reasonable or probable cause depends, not upon a few simple facts, but upon facts which are numerous and complicated, and upon inferences to be drawn therefrom, it is the duty of the judge to inform the iury that if they find the facts proved, and the inferences to be warranted by such facts, the same do or do not amount to reasonable or probable cause. so as thereby to leave the question of fact to the jury, and the abstract question of law to the Judge. In the present case there were many facts, and one of them was whether the defendant believed the sheep to be his, aud another, whether that was a rash and inconsiderate behef, or whether the defendant had reasonable grounds for entertaining it. In certain circumstances, when those two things concurred, there might be reasonable and probable cause. It seemed to him (Mr. Justice Coleridge) that in this case only those two things were wanting to find that there was reasonable and probable cause for instituting the proceedings. There seemed to be no doubt that the defendant really believed the sheep were his, and the jury found that be had reasonable grounds for believing it. The learned Judge then put those facts together, and decided that there was reasonable and probable cause, and in so doing he (Mr. Justice Coleridge) thoughthe had acted in strict accordance with the rule of law. Mr. Justice ERLE said he thought the rule for a new trial ought to be made absolute, and he differed from both his brethren. The plaintiff had bought the sheep in open market in the month of June, and he kept them till the month of December. In the month of September the de- fendant lost some sheep which resembled those which be-- longed to the plaintiff; and, seeing the plaintiffs sheep in the market on the 3d of Deceraber, he daimed them as his property. The plaintiff said he had bought the sheep in June ot a man named Eaves, who had bought them of another man named BalL He was thus in the lawful and open possession of anoperty and accounting for his possession. As man (the defendant) comes up, and forcibly takes them a;ay. The owner writes to the defendant that be-shalltryhisrighttothemrbyan action. Thedefendant is then advised to try the question of property, by instituting aprosecution for felonyagainst the plaintid; The plaintiff gave notice of his action on the 10th of December and the defendant took up his cohnter-position on the 12ti, when he applied for the warzant. An action was then brcught to indemnify the plaintifffor the expenses to which he had been utinhis defence, and the question now was whether the defendant had reasenable and probable cause for making that deposition, and whether the learned Judge was right in deciding as he had done. He (M-r. JusticeErle) was of opinion that the question ought not to denend merely on the resemblance of the sheep; and if he had had to decide he should have held that there was no reasonable or probable cause for instituting the prosecution. The rule for a new trial ought, therefore, to be made absolute. 3dr. Justice CROMPTos-said he could not sav the learned baron was wrong in his decision. He (Mr. Baron Bramwell) appeared to have entertained a doubt upon one point, and upon that he desired the opinion of the jury. He then decided that the defendant had reasonable ground, on all the matters to institute the proceedings, and he (Mx. Justice Coleridge) thought the learned baron was quite right. The rule for a new trial was then discharged; but, as one of the leaned Judges dissented from the majority, the plaintiff is now entitled, under the 35th section of the Common law Procedure Act, 154, to appeal, if he thinks proper, to the Exchequer Chamber and House of Lords. BAIL COURT. This was the first day of Trinity Term, and Mr. Justice Wightman took his seat at 10 o'clock, but no business was trausacted.
COUlRT OF COMMON PLEAS. W mnsT. MAY 22 IiN E MATTE. OF 1EDAT%-n a AR1ZRA ' t1ILU71S W&, wDalICO, oejore JAl- dUILLef Justice JERVLS% Ar.. .Tutiac WILL&ims, ard 2! r. Ju.sice WnLEs.) ir. AV HATELEY obtained a rule last term that the applicant, E. Garbett, might be re-admitted an attorney of this court, his name having been struck off the roll in 1848. During the discussion of the rule on the last day of the term it was suggested by one of the learned Judges that the applicant had been some tine ago convicted of forgery CThe further consideration of the question was therefore postponed until the first day of this terma. 31r. H. J. HOnGSON now showed cause against t.he rule on b.ehalf of the Incorporated Law Society, and proved by aflidanits that Garbett was convicted in 1847 at the Central CriminalCourt of havingforged the acceptance of a Mr. Booth to a bill of exchange, the chief evidence against him being the admissions made by him in his examination as a witness in a cause of "Blagden v. Booth," tried before Lord Denman at the previous Kingston assizes'; t7e l5 Judges afterwards considered the legality of the conviction, and decided it to be illegal, on the ground that Garbett had been obliged to answer questions put to him after he had claimed the protection of the Court. No judgment was, therefore, passed, and apardon was granted. He was subsequently struckoffthe ro7 ofattorneysforhavingmadea false affidavit of increase in a cause of '-l arcourtv. Ficon." It was urged that these facts were eough to prevent his again practising as an attorney. hMr.EoWUKEs ELL supported the rule, and brought forward testimonials from magistrates, solcitors, and other persons in Shropshire to show the applicant's good conduct since he was strackoff the roll. It was argued that Be had been sufficiently punished for his previous risdeeds The CmF JUSTICE, in giving judgment, said there appears to be no pretence for the app7lcation*; we have not to consider whether Mr. Garbett ought to be struck off the roll, nor have we to say whether the proper punishment was to strike him off altogether, or to suspend him for a time from practising, but we have to consider whether, being offthe roll, he ought to he restored. He was convicted of forgery; and, although that conviction was reversed on a technical ground, there was abundant evidence that he was otherwise properly convicted. We start with forgery, and it appears he was afterwards guilty of pewjury, in making a false affidavit. He now applies to be restored, on the ground that those who have dealt with him since these events have borne testimony to his good conduct; but the Court would be guilty of a gross dereliction of duty if they were for such a reason to allow a person like the.applicant to be re-admitted to practice. The other Judges having concurred, the rule was discharged. EL; rAr.TE RMANSOME AND AINOTIIER. Mr. T. JowEs applied for a wnrit of injunction to restrain the Eastern Counties Railway Company from charging the aplicants for the carriage of their coals over the Eastrn Counties, the Eastern Union, and the Nhewmarket Railways at greater rates than the company charged the Messrs. Prior, or other persons with whom they have private agreements. The applicants carry on business as coalmerchants at Ipswich, and their practice is, after brinungm the coal by sea from the north to that port, to send it into the interior over the railways worked by the Eastern Counties Company. That company charged the applicants at the rate of 2d. and 2Md. per ton per mile, while they charged the Messrs. Prior at the rate of three-eighths or three-fourths of Id. The effect of the agreement with the Messrs. Prior is such tliatin many instances they are charged nothing at all for their coals carried on the line between Bury St. Edmund's and Colchester, while the appEcants pay, at the lowest, at the rate of 2d. per ton per mile. The Cogtv granted a rule nsin. The CHmEF JUSTICE intimated that the Court would not sit until Sturday, as Mr. Justice Cresswell was still engaged at the Central Criminal Court, and the other Judges were summoned to hear a case in the House of Lords.
COURT OF EXCHEOUR. M 22 (Sitting in Banco.) This was the Srst day of Trinity term, and, contrary to expectation, this Court sat at half-past 10 o'clock, when, there being no motions, the peremptory paper was called on. Two cases only, however, were disposed of, and neither of these called for any special report. ARCHES' COURT. TmRmSnAV tY AV 22 (Before S^r John DoDsoN.) This being the first session of Trinity term the court was opened with the usual formalities. LIDDELL A4D HORNE V. WESTIRTON, AND LIDDELL AND OThES V. BEALE. The ADALRALTY AIDvoCATE concluded his argament in these cases, and was followed on the same side by Dr. SWABEY.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONVS, Thursdayj, May 22. The sittings of the Court were resumed this morning at the Guildhall, Westminster, by adjournment from Clerkenwell, before Mr. PsnLE,- Q.C., Assistant-Judge, and a bench of magistrates. There were 60 prisoners for triaL. The ASSLSTAuN'TJIDGE: further postponed the sentence on Thomas Francis Richards, solicitor, convictedat the last session of embezzlement. Henry Mitchell, 37, was indicted for having obtained from Thomas John Hamilton, Earl of Orkney, the sum of 30s. from Major-General Darbey, the sum of 5s. ; and from Mr. Brooking Soady, one of the auditors of accounts under the Board of Audit, 20s., by means of false pretences, with intent to cheat and defraud them of the same. - Mr. Le Breton was counsel for the prosecution; Mr. Ribton was for the prisoner. The Earl of Orkney stated that about the 4th or 5th of April the prisoner calledat hishouse,No. 3, Ennismoreplace, Prince's-gate, and, in consequence of a message which his servant broug,ht to binm in the drawing-room, he went down to the passage, where he found the prisoner, who wore a moustache and was in the uniform of the Sappers. and Miners, his arm bearing the stripes of a corporaL He said he had just come home from the Crimea, and that he was acquainted with witness's three sons, one of whom was in the 7st Hlighlanders, that he had been wounded before Sebastopcol, andhadbeendischarged in consequence from the service, and he produced a paper, partly printed, which purported to be a formal discharge issued from head-quarters. His son had been transferred from the Highlanders to the Fusileers. Had the prisoner not been provided with a discharge he would have been liable to be apprehended as a deserter by any non-comnissioned officer in Her Majesty's service while wearing the military uniform. Prisoner said he had called before, and he then brought with him a comrade who had lost a leg in the war, and his object in caling was to obtain a sufficient sam to take him and his comrade -to their native place in the country. He mentioned the sum of 1L. 10s. I gave him (said his Lordship) a sovereign and a half-sovereign, because I thought it was a hard thing for two men who had been out in the Crimea and had been wounded, after all they had gone through, to be knocking about London without the means of getting to their home, of course taking the man's statement to be true; but it did occur to me then that the prisoner was not exactly the sort of looking man who would be selected for a corporal of Sappers and Miners in time of peace, but since the war promotion has been so rapid I thought that accounted for it, and, as he produced what seemed to me to be a regular discharge, which described bim as a non-commissioned officer, I could not consider him unworthy of credit, because I am glad to say from my experience of the service the non-commissioned officers of the army are a body of excellent men, and I wouald as soon trust them as I would my own brother. His Lordship further stated- that he subsequently made inquiries at the War Department, in Pall-all, and at Scotiand-yard, from which he found that he had been imposed upon, and in consequence he kept a look out in the streets for "my friend there" (pointing tb the dock), and at last he came across him between Jermynstreet and St. James's-square, and recognizing him at once, although he was out of his corporal's uniform and shorn of his moustache, he caused him to be apprehended. Cross-examined.-Was perfectly sare the prisoner was the mian. Sergeant Edward Ozme, of the Sappers and Miners, said he had serv-d in that corps for nearly 30 years, and knew every man an it. H[e was drill-master at head-quarters, Brompton barracks, Chatham The prisoner never was a corporal i that regiment, and had never belonged to it. Between SOO and l.OOOof them went out to the Crimea, and some of them had r-eturned and had been invalided, but the prisoner was not one of them. There had been no instance of any men volunteering from the Line in the Crimea to the Sappers and M-iners, but he did recollect a ease or two of volunteering years ago,and the last instance was at Gibraltar, seven years since. Mr. Brooking Soady said he resided at No. 8, .St. Mary'sterrace, Paddirgton, and on the 25th of February last the prisoner called upon him and asked him if he knew Captain Soady, of the Royal Artillery. Witness replied that he did, that he was his first cousin. The prisoner, who was in the uniform of the Sappers and Miners, said he was a corporal: andtold him he had served in the same battery as Captainf Soady before Sebastopol; that, having been wounded, he was sent borne and dscharged on a pension of 6d., and that he was inwantof l?s. 8d. to makeUp a sun to pay the fare for himself his vife, and two cbildrenuto - L9dbury, Witness said he would lend him a sovereignj and, having received the money, the prisoner gave an acknow. ledgment inwriting, promisingtorepayit Hesawthereport of Lord Orkneys case in the papers, and, on going to the police-court, he identified the prisoner. Major-General Darbey stated that some weeks ago the prisoner called at his house inLeinster-terrace, and, in consequence of a message delivered to him by his servant, he went down stairs, and had some short conversation with him. He repeated the story about his having been in the Crimea, and the witness was so far satisfied vith what he told him that before the prisoner mentioned money he said he should give him 5s., and he irtr6duced him to the ladies of his family as a Crimean hero, and they were quite delighted with him. When asked to show his, medal he said he was on his way home, and had left it at the station. Mr. REmox submitted tothe Court that the evidence in the cases of Mr. Soady and General Darby did not bring them within the statute. The AsslSTANT-JUDGE thought differently, bat would consider the matter further should it beuecessary. M1r. RIBTON then addressed the jury on the ground of identity, urging that it had not been sufficiently proved. The jury found the prisoner Guitt 'of all three charges. Horsford, a constable ofthe Mendicity Society,then proved that in 1852 the prisoner had been sentenced at aSolicecourt to three terms of three months for frauds; in .i84tso three months, and in May, 1855, to a like term for the same. In each of those cases he kad gone about stating that he was a discharged soldier. The ASSISTrT-JUDGE said, apart even from the mnowledge of the prisoner's previous clharacter, he could not but consider the case as a very serious one, and he would consider by Friday morning what sentence he should pass.
.POLIC}. GUILDHALL.-Henry William Atkins, a cashier in the employ of Messrs. Kent and Co., bookseUers and publishers of 51, Paternoster-row, was charged with embezzlingvarious sums of money belonging to his employers. The prisoner was committed for triaL BONV-STRErT.-Ayoun-g man, named George Orchiltree Webb, a letter-carrier and Sunday-school teacher, was brought before Mr. H1NleY on several charges of stealing Post-office letters, containing-money-orders, cash, postage stamps, precious stones, brokera& checks, &ac. Mr. W. Rt. Sculthorpe, deputy-coantroller at the General Post-office, stated that the prisoner was employed as a letter caier in the neighbourhood of Finsbary. A great number of letters. containing valuable enclosures, had been recently stolen in that district, and the prisoner being suspected, was sent for and asked if he objected to be searched. He replied, "Certainly not;" and Smee, the Post-office constable, thenfound in hispockets 73 postage stamps and an amethyst (worth 10L). He stated that he found the stamps on Ludgate-hill, and picked up the stone in Gray'sinn-lane. Witness, on examinng the stamps closely, observed part of the red-printed form of a money-order adhering to one of them - upon which he said, "These stamps came out of a letter, and there was a moneyorder with them" The crisoner replied. "Yes, there was. I confess. I took the letter one day last week. It was addressed to a person in my walk. I did not read the letter; but threw it and the order away-I think in London-wal." Witness observed, " Some fragments of a money-order have been found in Bishopsgate-street." Prisoner said, "It may have been so. The letter was addressed to Mr. Schlesinger, of Albionplace, London-walL" The prisoner added that he took the stone out of a letter at the Sidmouth-street branch, when he wvas on duty there a short time back. Mr. Alfted Mitchell, commission agent, of Liverpool, deposed that the letter in question was sent by him to lfr. Schlesinger, on the 10th of May last, but was never received. It contained a money order for 40s., a halfsovereign, and 96 postage stamps. He identified some fragments of the money-order now produced. Mrs. Slandor, of 173, Bishopsgate-street, proved that she found the fragments of some money-orders, a gilt key, and the halves of some bankers' checks, in her front kitchen area, one morning about a week since. The fragments produced were part of them. Mr. HE&Rv inquired why the whole amount of the money remitted had not been enclosed in the post-office order ? It was explained in reply, that the halfsovereign and postage-stamps were sent upon economical grounds. The money-order would have cost Gd. instead of 3d. if it had been drawn for any rum exceeding 40s. Mr. EmysRY.-So, in order to save 3d., some people WMll enclose a coin, which at once affords temptation to a dishonest letter-carrier, by enabling himto distinguish moneyletters from others. The prisoner, on being asked if he had anything to say in his defence, affected extreme penitence, and said, in a whining tone, that he did not know what possessed him to commit such a crime; it was his first offence. Mr. HENRY.-You mean it is the first time you have been detected. Mr. Sculthorpe stated that the appropriation of letters in the Finsbury district had been so extraordinary that many of them must have been destroyed from mere indolence-to save the trouble of delivering them. The prisoner had been only engaged in the district a couple of weeks, and witbin that short timle, money-orders, bills of exchange, and bankers' checks, crossed, to the value of 9391., had been destroyed exclusively within the prisoner's walk. Mr. HEN\ Y.-lDo you say 9391. within a fortnight . Mr. Sculthoxpe.-Yes, your worship, in the prisoner's district alone. Mr. Peacock, the Post-office solicitor, observed that the whole of these instraments, not being easily negotiable, had been wantonly destroyed, to the most serious inconvenience, of course, of a great many parties. The prisoner begged to remind Mr. Peacoclk that there were eight l-etter-carriers in his walkbesides himself, anld why should he be suspected more than any of the others ? Mr. HmsnYr.-Because you have been found dishonest, and have admitted it. The prisoner.-Yes, in this case only. I solemnly declare that I know nothing of the other letters. The prisoner handed in a writtea statement full of canting expressions, and ending thus:-" I pray God to give me strength, and to pour mnto your hearts His blessing,. which will cause you to have pity, compassion, pardon, and mercy on such an unpardonable but yet truly penitent sinner for this his first offence.-G. 0. WEBB.," The prisoner was committed for triaL MARLsoBouGH-sTRv Y .-Thomas Downey was charged with stealing three sovereigns received from the Marquis of Cholmondeley on account of Mr. David Newman. Mr. Newman said, he lived at 48, Lisle-street, and was a entleman. Prisoner was inhis employ, but left yesterday. En Saturday last he sent prisoner with a letter to the Marquis of Cholmondeley, and on Monday he sent the prisoner twice for the answer, but did not receive any, as the prisoner informed him that he found the Marquis just stepping into his carriage, and that he had been told to caU the following mornin7g. The next morning the prisoner wvas sent for the answer, but he returned, saying that his Lordship had not sent any letter in reply. Edward Humphreys, house stewardtoLordCholmondeley, said, on Monday last he put three sovereigns into a letter and put it in the entrance hall, with instrutions to deliver it to Mr. Newman's messenger. James TiUey, groom of the chambers, delivered the letter to the prisoner on Tuesday last. Police-sergeant Glass said, he took the prisoner into custody, and told him he was charged with stealing three sovereigns, the property of MIr. ewman. The prisoner said, ''ru tell youa all about it. Mfy master isa begging-letter writer, and he sent me wth a letter to Lord Somebody in Carlton-gardens, and I kept the money in the answer because I pled"ed some clothes and gave Mr. Newman the money, and ie never paid me again.' The prisoner then asked to be allowed to go, and, on beingrefused, he put himself in a fighting attitude and struck and kicked him. Mr. Nszewman said there was no pretence for the prisoner making the statement he had just made. Theprisoner pleaded "Guilty" and, being summarily dealt with, was sent to hard labour for four months. Julia Wisdom was brought up for final examination, charged with endeavouring to obtain goods from varioas tradesmen by fraudulently using the name of Lady Foley. The prisoner made no defence and was fully committed. WoRsmr-sTsEBv.-The magistrate acknowledged the receipt of 5s. in postage-stamps from "A.Z.," for a poor constable named Stuart, who was, about a week since, so dreadfully inured by bein driven over by a drunken baker inagig that he noew lies in the hospital in a very dangerous state. CLERXENIVELL.-The sitting magistrate rea,ested our reporter to acknowledge the receipt of 10s. li postagestamps, from "P. H. E.," for Chapman, the disabled polceman. Mr. CORRIE directed that 11. should be given from the poorbox to Mrs. Gee, the poor woman who was accidentally shot in the arm while passing along Allen-street, Clerkenwell. This is a very distressing case, Mfrs. Gee having to support four smaU children, two of whom are ill, an her husband, who is in a lunatic asylum. TnAirEs.-Bernardo Henri uez, a Portuguese seaman, was brought up charged with the wilful murder of Vusilli Calligar, a Greek seaman, at a lodginghoase for foreign sailors, 31, WeUiclose-square. The prisoner, a morose-looking fellow, about 24 years of age, treated the serious charge against him with the utmost indifference. The first witness called was Santo Garcia, a Spanish seaman, who was examined through the medium of Mr. Abraham Meldola, an interpreter. The witness said, he was living at Nos. 31 and 32, Wdliclose-square. On Thursday last beand the prisonerhad been takingawalk, and on returning to the lodgiaghouse in Weliclose-square they knocked at the outer door and requested to be admitted. Some one inside told him and the prisoner to go round to the side door. At the same time one of the lodgers inside the house kicked at the door and broke a window at the side of it. He went round to the side door in the prisoner's company and entered the coffeeroom, where many lodgers were assembled. Hedra, a Greek, addressed him in the Greek language, which he did not understand, and then he spoke to witness in English, and said he wvanted to fight him because he knocked at the door that was closed against him. He and Hedra fought for it. The prisoner was by his side all the time. Caligar, the deceased, came and took away and washed the blood from his face. Mr. Ileldola beheved the witness was drunk at the time the occurrence happened. Garcia said, he believed he was balf drank. He could not say that the prisoner was intoxicated. They had onlydnrak two glasses of gin each while they were out. Heidra, a Greek seaman, saw the prisoner and deceased playing at cards in the coffeeroom of the lodginghouse on Thursday last. They wsere both sober. He recollected that in the course of the day the prisoner and Garcia came to the outcr door and kicked at it. Witness sang outtwo or three times " Go to the next door," and at the same time went to the doorandlkckedat itinside, andaccidentallybrokeapane of glass with his elbow. Garcia and Henriquez soon afterwards came in at another door, and Garcia, who scemed to be perfectly sober, pushed him on the breast. He said to Garcia in Greek, "W Vhat for youshovemne V" Garcia struck him on the nose with his fist, and they fouglt. Caligar, was playing at cards and seated at a table. Caligar cot Up from the table while he and Garcia were flghttung, and interposed, but did not strike or hurt any one, nor make use of any bad or threatening language. Tne prisoner immediately took his knife fronn his bot, and, without saying a word, stuck Caligar in the beUy, and his bowels came oat. Caligar said, " Oh, oh V" put his hands to his belly. and went down into the kdtchen, and from there walked with the witnexs to Dr. Stuckey in Wellclosesquare who senthim to the hosDitaL In answer to Mr' SSLFE, the w-itness said the prisoner gave the deceased au nnder thrust wita his knife and with great force. He only saw one blow. Augn3inio TrefLnio, another Greek seaman, gave a portnt exception, that the prisoner htbbed. the deceased twice, first on the back- near the side, and the knife took a slanting direction and passed through the deceaseds body. The second wound was inflicted on the man's belly. All that Caligar said before the wondls were infficted was "Be quiet, be quiet 1" After Caligar was wounded his bowels protrnded, and he took them in his hands and went into the kitchen. The prisoner followed him, took off his jacket, and coolly washed the blood off his hands. The evidence of Trefanio having been interpreted to the prisoner by Mr. Meldola, Henriquez said, in his own language, "I own to giving him one wound with mny dagger; I admit no more." Mr. SELFv directed Mfr. Bowdler, the clerk, to insert the prisoner's admission on the deposition. Trefanio wvas certain the prisoner stabbed the deceaeed twice. M1r. Gernon, inspecor of the H division, said the deceased received two distinct wounds, as described by the last witness. After the deceased was taken to the hospital, three men were taken into custody and conveyed to the ward in the London Hospital, where Caligar was under medical treatment. The wounded man uimediately pointed out the prisoner, and said to Mr. Meldola, "That is the man who stabbedime; and then made a statement, which was taken down in writing. Witness produced the written statement made by Caligar while labouring under the im- that he should not survive. It merely stated thrt neso nstabbed by Caligar, who made no remark at tho time. The prisoner said he had a wound on the head, and Hedra, and Caligar both struck him. Hedra was recalled, and saidhe did not strike the prisoner at all, and Caligar did not strike any one that day. George Cox, a police-constable, hSo. 13S H, said he took the prisoner into custody. He found bun in the kitchen of the lodginghouse, behind the door. When he was brinnng the prisoner away 20 foreigners rushed upon him 'with thi knives raised, and he had much trouble to keep them of E with his staff. Mr. SELFE--I should think you had. One policemin with his truncheon against 20 foreigners with their knives were fearful odds. Cox said he took a red dagger sheath from the prisoner. It was in his boot. Police-sergeant Foay produced along and bright dagger, which he found under the sink in the kitchen where the prisoner was apprehended. The prisoner purchased the ornamented dagger and sheath at a cutler's shop in MatClifhighway a few days before the fatal occurrence. Inspector Gernon said, there was a woman present who put back the deceased's bowels when they protruded on Thursdav lst' Ir.SELFE thought that evidence was not necessary, and he now only wanted the evidence of Mr. Ross, the surgeon, who made thepost mortem examination of the body. 3Ir. Gernon.-He is at the Old Bailey, a witness for the defence on Palmer's triaL and cannot attend to-day. Mr. SELFE said, he should commit the prisonerfor triafor 'wilful murder; hut, as the surgeon's evidence was necessary to complete the case, the prisoner must be remanded until Thursday next. The witnesses wvere then bound over to prosecute and give evidence at the next Sessions of the Central Criminal Court. Mr. Gernon said, the foreign witnesses wanted to go away in their ships in the course of next week, and asked how they 'were to i e maintained if they wero krept here ? Mr. SEcFE said, he could make no order on the sulb,ect, and called upon Mr. John Seymour, a Greek, and proprietor of the boardinghouse in which the fatal affray happened, to become surety for the appearance of the foreigners at the sessions. Ir. John Seymour, who conducts a large boardinghouse in a very creditable manner, said he had no objection to become surety for the men's appearance if it would forward the ends of justice. Mr. SEs.rm-It will do so, and I advise you, Mr. Seymour, to take the foreigners' knives away from them when they enter your housein future. Mr. Seymour.-E I do, they will buy others. 3Mr. SELa-I don't mean thatyon areto keep them altogether, bwt don't letthem-wearknives vhile they are in your house. Mr. Seymour.-I will do all I can to carry out the recommendation of your worship. I have kept a boardinghouse for seamen 14 years, and nothing of this kind ever hap. pened before. MIr, SELFE.-Foreign sailors ought not to be allowed to wear daggers and niives while they are on shore. There have been many cases of stabbing among them, aud some have terminated fatally. That formidable weapon just Prodiuced is not a knife at alL It is a dagger, only intended for offensive purposes, and no man has any occasion to wear such a thing in London. Uis Lr.-Charles 3Mller, a German, anud Wil sam Foster, persons of respectable appearance, 'were brought up in custody and placed at the bar before Mr. ELuorT on the following serious charge. Mr. Mullens, of the firm of Bush and Mullens, solicitors to the Bankers Society, who appeared for the prosecution, said, he attended on the part of the Swedishi authorities in this country to prefer and prosecute a charge against the prisoners under the act of Wlhiam IV., chap. 66, the 19th section of which enacted, " Tnat if any person shall engrave or in anywise make upon any plate whatever, or upon any wood, stone, or any other material, any bill of exchange, promissory note, undertaking, or order for payment of money, or any part of any bill of exchange, promissory note, undertaking or order for payment of money, in whatever laugnage or languages the same may be expressed, or order on any foreign Pinuce or State, or any person resident in any country not under the dominion of Her Majesty, without authority of such foreign Prince; knowng'ly have in his custodyor possession any plate, stone,wood, or other material on which such bill, note, &c., shall be engraven, every such offender shall be guilty of felony, and having been guilty thereof shall be liable, at the discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the seas for a term not exceeding 14 nor less than seven years, or be imnprisoned for three or not less than one year. The leamaed gentleman then called the following witnesses Mr. Charles .Morrish, an engraver, residing at NSo. 50, Oaldey-street, said that on the 29th of Aprillast the prisoner Foster called on him, and producing a foreign note asked if it was possible to copy it. He (witness) replied that it was, and said the cost of copying it would be 41. The prisoner at that time said he vas not acting for himself, and should therefore have to see somebody else on the subject. He then left, but called a second time on the 2a of the present month, and, exhibiting a different note from the first, asked what he could copy it for? He repliedthat its execution wouladbemore difticult than the other, and the exoense would be 5. He said that-, in -buildings, Holborn, had offered to do it for 31. 10s., and, not wishing to lose the job, he should do it for three guineas. The prisoner left, taking the note with him, but cled a third time onthe Gth. On this occasion he brought the other prisoner with him, but left him outside, and at that time he gave him an order to copy the note he then produced on a piece of copper he handed him. He also gave him two halfsovereigps, and told him not to say anything to the other prisoner about their money matters. The prisoner 3iller told him that the.copy must be exactly like the note he received to make it from, and he promised to have the plate ready in 10 or 31 days Witness subsequently went to the office of the Swedish Consul and gave informaition of the nature of the order he had received; and he, in consequence, had some communication with the solicitors for the prosecution. On the 12th inst. both prisoners called on him to see the progress of the plate, and also on the 15th, when they produced two pieces of paper and asked his opinion whether they were of E nglish or foreign manufacture. Witness having stated that the plate wo-uld he finished on that day, the prnsoner Foster came to his house, and on asking about the plate he (wvitness) told him it was done,I but was at tho machine ruler's, where he had a sovereign to Pa3; for it; but added that he had two impressions from it, which ho might have. Foster said he wrould take them, as he had to show them to other parties. Both prisoners subsequently came together, 'when 7Meller pointed out twb dOts on the impression, which he said vwas not perfect, and requested him to alter them, and it was arranged that he should have the proofs ready by 4 o'clock. MI6ller gave hima a soverbign and offered to-give him another job. The plate, the note, and the two impressions taken from the former were those he had spoken of, and the receipt produced 'was that which he nad given to the iirisoner Foster for the two hclfsovereigns he had in the hirst instance received from him, Iconsequence of information he received from the Swedish Consul he on that day watched the house of the last witness, and saw the p.isonerFoster come out from there and join the other prisoner in NIorth-street, Hercules-buildings, Lambeth, where he observed them both closely examining the two engravings he then produced, and both then returned to Mr. lhorrish's shop. On their coming out he (Thornton) took Foster into custody, and Sergeant SWiiamson, who accompaniedhim, secured Mbllcr On searching Fosternhe found on him the two impressions from tho copper-plate he had before mentioned ; also a recei? for 11., signed by Mr. Morrish; and two pieces of paper, the o a letterpress, and the other a manuscript copy of the note engraved. The prisoner said nothing to the charge he then made against him of unlawfully procring an engraving of a Swedish banlmnote and also having two impressions of such engraving in his possession without the sanction or authority of the king of Sweden. Mr.!Mullens here said, this was all the evidence withwhich he should trouble his 'worship on that day, and should request a remand. The prisoners, who offered nothing in their defence, wero accordingly remanded.
Sm COLI CAsPEIu~s PRMSENTATION SWORD.- A meeting of the subscribers to Sir CoEn Campbell's prsentation sword-wasbeld on Fiday afternoon in the Sheriff's Chambers, Glasgow, to receive the sword fromthe hands of the manufacturer. Mr. D. C. Rait, jeweller, Buchananstreet, Glasgow, produced the sword--a beautiful piece of workmanship, elegantly mnounted, and adorned with jewels. The basket hlt is of silver gilt, with the Glasgow arms,. and the Campbell crest and motto, "Be mindful,n and beneath Sir Colin's monograph, " C. C." On the blade there is an inscription, showing that the sword was presented bY,wards of 6,000 of his fellow-countrymen in Glasgow. R.e cost of the whole is about 250'. Sir rchibald Alison, who occupied the chair, Etated that be learnt from his son, at present serving nnder Sir Colin Canpbell, that the Highland Division and their commander might be expected bome in about two months. The officess of the Highland Division had arranged to entertain Sir Colin to a grand banquet belore leaving the Crimea. The storv about Sir CoEn Campbell having demanded his recall was without foundation.- Sceirrnae.
THE BRITISH ARMY. r- .- -TTD ^pd rA T. ~T.1FR FE CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL, MAY S. The French army continues to embark daily, and we, with more dignity and at greater leisure, follow their example. The French speak confidently of a great campaign in Africa, and even in another quarter of the globe, and they predict that peace wfill not last for two years. The Russians are equally hopeful that they will have a chance of war in a short time, and they do not disguise their earnest burning lust to phlebotomize Austria, " Aattrklhe lache et ingrate." The evacuation of the Crimea is taking place with rapiclity, and, if it is desirable, there can be no doubt that the allies can leave the soil of the Czar lonig before the time which has been granted to us-six months after the conclusion of the treaty-has expired. The Tartars bring in ternible stories of the revenge takien by the Russians on those unfortunate brethren of theirs -who have given aid to the allies, or have been engcaged in their service. They tell us that several of these poor creatures have been hanged at Simpheropol, that others have been sent off in exile, and that more are condemned to work on the roads for life. Could not a word be said to avert the wrath of Russia, and to induce her to extendl her clemency to the remnants of this miserable race ? During the recent excursion of General WVindlham, in the Banshee, to Kertch and back, an incident took place which shows very clearly the real character of the Russian Government, and demonstrates the worthlessness of the professions which it makes. Prince Gagarin, who holds a command on the soutl coast, was extremely polite in all his comrmmuications Twith Major-General Cunynghame and the other English officers at Kertch and Yenikale, and promised them every facility should they be desirous of visiting the interior, or proceeding to Sebastopol by land. He also specially invited all English officers to visit him at Kafth (Theodosia) in their way. General WVindham, being informed of these little politenesses, resolved to pay a visit to Baffa on his way back from 1{ertch. On entering the bay on which the town is situated, they were astonished to perceive a fleet of many sail of merchant vessels lying in quarantine, and they soon were made to understand that the Banshee was in a similar disagreeable situation. MIost of these slhips had gone up the Sea of Azoff to Taganrog, and had been sent back again all the way to Kafit to perform quarantine. The usual quarantine station for the ports in the Sea of Azoff is Kertch, but, as that place is in the hands of the allies, and as the Government establishment is destroyed, the Russian authorities have for the present selected Kaffa as a substitute, and vessels boind from the south and east -will have a considerable detour to make from the true coiurse, but that is better than being sent back altogether. This is a valuable commentary on the statements which have been made that the Czar has given orders to the Mlinister of the Interior, &c., to remove all restrictions on tradeexports and imports. WVhen General Windham and staff were permitted to land they were placed in a small room vith bars to the windows like a wild beast cage-a regular quarantine prison in fact; and when he had prepared a note for Prince Gagarin it wastaken from him through the bars by a pair of tongs. The Prince, all gold lace and feathers, soon made his appearance, and received his visitor with r eat eordiality and politeness through the bars. He regretted that his orders w-ere so strict; he dared not permit the General to visit the towvn wiAthout performing, quarantine, but if he came round by land he shouldbe most happy to receive him. Meantime he had sent off a letter to the General Commanding-in-Chief, and an answer was speedily retuirned to the effect that the General's orders from the MIinis'ters were so exceedingly stringent that he could not relax them, notwithstanding his most earnest wishhes to do so. General Windham in the course of his interview, thought it necessary to apprize Prince Gagarin that he had seen enough to convince him it would be right to advise the Commander-in-Chief to keep possession of Kertch till all our stores were withdrawn-an intimation which seemed not a little to perplex and confound his Excellency. It appears that General LiUders had expressed a wish that, in the interest of trade, Kertch should be evacuated as speedily as possible, and that steps were being taken to remove the Turkish troops, whose presence was especially objectionable; but, as General WVindham observed, if the port w-ere handed over to the Russian authorities before all the stores -were removed, the vessels wlich were sent for them would be placed in quarantine, and great annoyance and delay would be experienced. The appearance of scurvy in some regiments is very extraordinary, and to non-professional people it is unaccountable. Here in this division the men receive fresh meat four times, and salt meat only three times a--week; they also get plenty of vegetables. There is always an issue of limejuice on salt meat days, but, nevertheless, blotchesbreak out on their legs, their gunms swell, and their teeth fall out. The 21st Regiment has had several cases of this kind; and one sergeant, a fine, stout young man, lost four of his front teeth in a few hours. It is proposed to issue limejuice every day, to see ii the progress of this malady, which is annoying rathei than dangerous, can be stayed. The invalids sent tO Scutari and to hospital are generally suiferinm from this and cognate diseases. Colonel M'Murdo returned from Trebizond or Thursday night, and has had the rare good fortune to find near that city a good market for hiis best horses and mules. It appears that the main road to Persia passes from Trebizonc through a small town, the name of -which I dc not knowr, where the great horse fair for Asia MIinor to supply the merchants wvith pack and saddle animals is held, and we have just beer lucky enough to meet the demand for transporl which has arisen, now that peace is proclaimed. Colonel M'MAurdo has received very fair prices for all the animals he could sell, and in some instances he got more than the original cost price. Our excursions into the Crimea are becoming rarei as curiosity becomes satisfied, and leave more difticult to be obtained for lengthened absence. General Codrington has paid a visit to the Alma, and most of us who could go have performed a pilgrimage to the same place. The graves are scrupulously respected and are marked with large stones. The inscF-ption on the stone telegraph tower cut by the French, "La Bataille d'Alma, 20th September, 1854,;' has been altered to " Sth September" by the R ussians, to reconcile the date to their old style. The Russians are returning our visits now, and some unfortunate officers wvho, in the height ef goodfellowship and amid flowing bumpers, gave their name and an invitation to their boon -companicns to "come and stop a week with me, and bring youz friends and family," have been horrified by the v.iion of a couple of droskies at their tent doors, con{aining a whole bevy of fair Muscovites and their attendant lieges. Major Montague, of the Engineers, ds entertaining, at lis pretty mbt on Kamara-hili, a number of Russian ladies who: were *kdnd and attantive to him when he was a prisoner in Simpheropcfl, and is fortunate in being able to evince his sense of their humanity and good nat-.3re. Lieutenant-CGeneral Lord Rokeby, commaniung the First Dividiro, and Lieutenantr(:eneral Barnard, .commandmng the -Second Division, are to be made Knights Commander of the Bath, and the latter will go to Cork as ..soon as hlis divisio shall hamr 'bemn broken up. Lord Rokeby enme out to take the cdinmand of theuGliards.in the winter of L854-55. EisiLordship had not the good fortune to be present at either Alma, kkermann, or in the attacks on the _Redan. General Bamrzd, also a Ozaardsnian, was an elicient and zictive chief of the staff inder eneral SimpDon up to .ta date of General Wind3sam'fs appointment, iut he came out after the two great Crimean battles hag been fought, and he was not personally engaged either of our assaults .on the Russian lines. It ss believed that 3ajor-Gese3al Gazre,t will be made K.{LB., at the sazme timo GeneralS--ColinCa.mpbe6l will shortly retur home. and the offiears of the Highiandiivision, by viomhe is greatly beloved, intend to give the galnant general a farewell banquet on Saturday next, for admission to which there is eager competition. The position in which this xneritorious, brave, and energetic ,officer has been placed since he came out here could noat but be trying to a man of his active habits and a his ardent love Of service. He came out at the %eque5t of his Sovereign to serve under an officer greatly his junior in the service and w ith no comparative merits at al a* to experience in the field or with the enemy, and he has had no opportunity whatever of exercising command, but has been as nactive as hchilles-eatlg his iheart in his tentalthougfh the comparison cea54 with his isolationfor Colonel s3terling would scareely pass muster as a Ilziscis n0twithetapding the charms of his con- versation and the variety of his acquirements. Everyone wishes the gallant General well, and the army feels that Sir Colin Campbell will not fail to justify the judgment which may select him for any post where the more valuable qualities of a soldier, such as decision, promptitudo of execution, self-devotion, bravery, and personal activity, are required. Ee has gainedthe esteem of our allies; but it is felt that in council he would have been the last man to yield to claims of the reasonableness of which he was not perfectly convinced, and that he is jealous of the honour and reputation of the British army. Althoughthe greatest cordiality exists between the bulk of the men of both the allied armies, there have been some awkward rencontres between the French and the English on two or three occasions, of which I have hitherto made no mention, as the subject is one of extreme delicacy. It appears quite clear that the French are very ready to resort to the use of firearms on such occasions. The first of these affairs which has been brought under the notice of the Chiefs of the two armies took place some time ago at Kamiesch. It appears that some men of therMail Staff Corps went out to hunt rats in the neighbourhood of one of the French redoubts, and that as they approached the parapet they were fired upon by the soldiers inside. Lieutenant Budgen, the staff-adjutant of Kazatch, ran out of his hut on hearing the shots fired and proceeded towards the redoubt, and when he was challenged lie replied in French, " officier Anglais." He was at once fired upon three times in succession. On finding out what had taken place he sent on board one of the men-of-war for assistance, and, when reinforced by a naval officer and a small body of Marines unarmed, he approached the redoubt, invested it, and captured the men insidle, but some of them escaped and appear to have attacked and killed the sergeant of Marines in their flight, and to have wounded an officer by a shot through the leg. I shall not dwell on the details further than to state that the sergeant's brains were knocked out by blows of a musket-stock, and that the officer was, v hen lying on the grolund, charged by a soldier with the bayonet. General Codrington referred the case to Marshal Pelissier, and the latter, after a long and minute investigation, sent back the result of his inquiries to our head-quarters towards the close of last week. It is understood that the Marshal considers the infortunate affair does not call for any sanguinary punislhment, but that the excessive vigour of the measures taken by the men on guard -was justified to such an extent as to hold them blameless by the orders they had received for the safeguard of their post. The second occasion took place at one of the wells in camp, from which men are forbidden to draw water after sunset and before sunrise, and which is guarded by French sentries. Some of our soldiers went dowtn after dusk to draw- some water. The sentry fired on them with ball, and his comrades of the guard turned out and contributed a volley, buit fortunately they hurt no one. The third instance of this sort occurred the night before last, when the commanding general of the Light Division, Lord WY. Pauilet, sent up a picket to bring some men into camp who were drinking at a French canteen. As oiur men approached to execute their orders they were fired upon with ball. The circumstance has been reported to General Codrington for the information of MIarshal Pelissier. It is possible that the bare statements of facts respecting these unfortunate affairs does not convey their true character, and that theremay be someinaccuracy in the reports. Let us hope there is. A French sentry is rigid in obeying his com4igne. Surgeon Le Blanc, of the 9th, was killed by a sentry, whom he approached too closely at night, and I have seen French officers treated with rudeness and imperiousness by common soldiers cn faction when the former have been in the slightest degree infrin"ing' les ,fozrnalites de la poste. Perhaps it is only right that the utmost precision on all such matters should be observed during war time. WVe are not vwithout our own internecine fights now and then, but we certainly do not use firearms so promptly as the French. The removal of the Zouaves has given niore peace and quietness to the ]ine, as there -was a sort of rivalry between the infantry and these famious regiments, the latter of wvhich professed to look dowvn on all men in red pantaloons. There havebeen some discreditable transactions in our own camp lately, which have ledtothe retirement of two officers from the army, as notified by general orders. In one instance an officer was detected in the act of reading a private letter addressed to a brother officer; in the other a gentleman forgot how to write his name. General Codrington has a gentler touch in such matters than General Simpson. The latter had three officers cashiered by court-martial in as many weeks after he was appointed Commander-in-Chief; in the present cases the punishment is the same for eacl offence, and is therefore unequal, for the magnituide of these offences is not the same. M1ly diary extends from the 6th to the 10th of the month. TUESD,ty. The 63d, whiclh was seen off by General Garrett this morning, embarked in the Andes, but the sea was so high and the swell so heavy, that it was not deemed expeclient to send her te sea, and the vessel remained at anchor till the roll which set in on the coast had subsided. Brigadier Shewell goes back to the 8th Hussars. It wvasthis gallant and excellent offlicer who, beyond any other, saved the remnant of our cavalry at Balaklava, when his attention was called to a movement of Russian Lancers by Lieutenant Phillips, of the same regimient. He has received the honour of the C.B., and now returns to the command of his regiment. After all that has been said to the contrary, it appears that the Colonels who held the ranlk of Brigadiers will have to rejoin their regiments. The belief that this "degradation" would have beenspared them for a little time was general a short time ago, and it is now ascertained to be groundless. Brigadier-General Van Strauibenzee will return te the command of the 3d Buffs, unless he avoids doing so by getting leave of absence before they embark on Saturday. However, he, and officers in the same category, are cheered by the hope of the brevet to come, and by the refreshing showers oi the Bath which are expected to accompany it. WF3DN'ESDAtY. The Jason and Calcutta have arrived, but it is said that they will take Sardinian troops. M-lr. Glover, a shipowner, attended at Crockford's store to-day, as announced in orders last night, and stated that his terms for carrying a horse to England would be 211., and for the intermediate destinations in proportion. This seemed to be considered too high by the officers present. There is another person offering, I understand, to take horses at 101. a-head, but he has no present means at his disposal. The Board for the examination of the artillery horses and mules set to work with such zeal that they cast 1,500 animals in a very short time, and astonished the authorities out here by the discovery of so many useless animals. Their first decision has been revised, and they have reduced the number of cast animals to 00 or 800. 'What is to be done with these horses and mules? Many of them which came from Spain have cost mnuch money and have done no work. Even in these matters pounds, shillings, and pence are spent very rapidly. In last September the unserviceable horses of one of the batteries were sent to the horse-fair to be sold, and, as they would not fetch Is. a-head, they were hken back and put into stables, where they have -emained ever since, utterly useless, and eating n-tions of hay, corn, and barley, each issue of which isz orth ten times their value. The commanding o6icer cannot destroy them, as they are not suffering from glanders, infeetious diseases, or general debility, and so they eat on and enjoy the pleasures of valetudinarianism. There will be some interesting experiments on Friday between our light field guns and the French hicorneg, which have excited great interest among the artillery officers of both services. The licorne ie, as is well-known, a brass fieldgain of 8lb. calibre, bored out so as to fire shot and shell of 121b., and it can be used as a solid shot gun or as a howitzer at pleasure- It is an invention due to the Emperor, and if the range with round shot be at all equal to that of our fleld guns it must be regarded as a great improvement, inRamuch as by its use the complications of howitzers of different calibre from the other guns in a battery are effectually prevented. The race between the 6-pounder and 9-pounder guns which' came off lately has reopened the controversy respecting the comparative merits of these two classes of field arillery. The speed attained over rough and hiy gir"nd was very ondiderable, and each gun went over a space of more than three miles in 22 minutes. TurntsDAY. The mail arrived early this morning, with letters and papers up to the 26th of April. The account of the review at Spithead has been " nuts" to ill-natured, aye, and to some very goodhumoured people here. But surely it was " all right." If a commission were appointed to inquire into the causes of the delay and mismanagement, and if they reported that certain Boards or individuals were to blame, I venture to declare the opinion of Crimean " heroes" to be that another commission appointed to report on the report of the first conunission would hear evidence from all the high people connected with the arrangements, and would establish at least this fact beyond all question, that the very Boards and very individuals whose conduct was inculpated were precisely those very Boards and persons who were not only free from blame, but who were entitled to the highest praise. Officers would be called who could not form opinions on the proceedings of their superiors; it would be demonstrated that everybodydideverything he could; thatdelay, disappointment, confusion, and mismanagement are inevitably the normal rules for the administration of public affairs, and that the imbecile advocates of promptitude, public contentment, order, and reguilarity are not only imbecile, but malignant and calumnious. This is known and felt to be the case-it ought to be the case, and it will be the case, until the muchadmlired, very sensible, long-enduring, and most high-spirited "British public," in some insane and unconstitutional outburst of impatience, puts an end to it. The iodUs Opemndi is iuniversalit extends certainly from Balaklava in the East to Spithead in the WVest, and it is irremediable, just as I saw some Turkish labourers a long time ago gravely carrying empty sacks to a large heap and depositing them 'in due order, quite indifferent to the fact that all the corn which each sack once contained had rum in a stream down their backs as they left the ship, and was all gone on the ground by the time they arrived at the magazine. On remarking this to " an official," he assured me "it could not be helped." Of course not; nor could it be helped that our cattle died in shiploadsforwant of corn, or thatourmen and horses died by hundreds of neglect, or that our transports were wrecked outside 13alaklava, or that no General officer led the men at the Redan, or that Kertch was sacked, or that Kars fell. Bethe thing great or small, the excuse and the cry are the same. In a few days the sailing transport Star of the South, a fine slhip of 1,100 tons, laden with gunpowder, will leave for England. She has been lying in Balaklava harbour about 18 months, during whiclh time she never moved an anchor, and she has cost the country, at a rough guess, about 22,0001. for that time as the freight on her cargo and her hire at so much per month. I believe she was first hired at 22s. Od. per ton, then at 18s. per ton, and that she nowv stands at 16s. d. per ton. She has served as a kind of floating hotel for some of the harbour naval officers and agents, for travelling gentiemen, and merchants. She has been at least once on fire-that is, she has been in the way of finishing Balaklava, and perhaps the war as far as we are concerned, with one great coUp dcepoudre; but it will no doubt be maintained that the whole engagement of the ship was a rare stroke of economy, and that no hulks and no vessels .at Constantinople could have been got for anything likethemoney.lThoseofficers who are veryanxiousto return home iather rejoice at the disappointment of both Houses, and are indignant that the transports, so much required out here, should have been detained for the purpose of affording my Lordsand the faithful Commons a distant view of the review at Spithead. Transports are, however, crowding daily into Balalkava; but they will principally be employed at present in removing the Sardinians. FRID.Y. In general orders last night there was a paragraph referring to the French war medals, wlich shows that the vicious distinction, as it is considered by the military authorities of every country but our own, between the officer and the private in the distribution of honorary rewards and decorations is to be maintained and insisted upon. No officer is to receive a war medal-it will only be given to noncommissioned officers and privates, and if it is seen on the breast of an officer hereafter it will be a badge of his service in the ranks, and will prove to all the world that he has been a private soldier. Now, what the soldier would like to see given to him would be a decoration worn by his officers and open to the ranls. I %vas in conmpany with some Russian officers, who invited us ilnto their quarters at Korales the other day, and Iwvas astonished to see a number of very well executed lithographic engravings of the war by Phillips, or Phillipoff, which had just arrived from St. Petersburg-a great number of portraits of private soldiers who had distinguished themselves. All the Generals were there -Bebutoff, Woronzoff, twvo comrades of Suwaroff, still living men, Osten-Sacken, Luiders, Reade, Soimonoff, Menschikoff, Gortschakoff, Paniutin, Kornileff, &c.; but far more numerous were the faces of soldiers with unpronounceable names, their breasts covered with crosses of St. George, St. Vladimir, and I know not what besides, each one of whom was well known by his deeds to the officers-so much so that they were astonished when they found that ice had never heard of them. One fellow had stolen our horses at night; another had killed three Guardsmen at Inkermann ; another had cut down four of our cavalry at Balaklava; another had carried off a wounded officer on his shoulders in a tremendous fire, and crossed the Danube -with him-there was even the portrait of the Bulgarian boy who came across the desolate wa,tes of the Dobrudscha to inform the Russians of the advance and strength of the Frencll. And here let me say that if an E2nglishman wishes to be cured of a little national vanity he will talk to his late adversaries. They respect the courage of our soldiers, our endurance, and our fighting qualities, but they speak with scarcely concealed contempt of our military organization and of the characteristics of our generals; and they are always taking as their standard in military matters the French. "We are now as good shots as the French;`" " Ve have nolv as many riflemen as the French," and so on. They must know that all our army is armed with the Mini6,whereas the French have got very fewv in col1parison. We may fairly say our riflemen are equal to any tirailleurs in the world, and that in our regiments there are many crack shots; but, nevertheless, whether it be to spite us or not, the Russians affect to consider us as very inferior antagonists to our allies, and while they freely abuse their own Generals they do not spare ours. Oddly enough, they seem to tlhilk more of Canrobert than of Pelissier, and they tell with great glee of the mistake made by the general commanding the Baidar division, who in one of his reconnaissances let five or sLx battalions of Russians escape through his fingers. " He had only to close his hand and they were his." This was near Aitodor, and in the middle of last year. However, I have got quite far enough away from the medal question, which is, indeed, no question at all, for the matter is decided and settled. I should not be amazed if some of these medals glitter on the breasts of orderly-room pets who have seen but little service. At all events. those who receive them will be proud to wear them. The banquet given to Sir Cohn Campbell to-day was, I hear, of the most luxurious character, and the proceedings were characterized by great warmth and feeling. The gallant General had a parade of all the regiments of the magnificent divison it has been his pride to command, and when the men had formed he proceeded to address them. But soon his emotions choked his voice-tears started to his eyes, and Sir Colincould sayno more. Alliho were present were very deeply moved by the eloquence and natural propriety of the few words their vlalued leader was able to addresg to them. The banquet took place at Kamara, and the aid of Soyer was given to render the feast, for which Mr. Crockford exhausted the resources of the Crimea, worthy of the occasion. The result of the trials between French and and English guns to-day may be said to be a total failure on our side, and but middling success on the part of our allies:- Yards. Frenec English. 1,000 . ... 2 ... ... 0 1,200 ... ... 0 ... ... O 1,500 0 ...... O I shall send you more accurate details next post, and I should regret if there was reason to believe that these trials must be regarded as conclusive. The first experiment was made with a Frenell 12-pounder, bored out from being an 8-pounder, Against a light English 6-pounder, at dsItances of 700, 1,000, 1,200, and 1,500 yards, wvith six rounds a-gun. The second was with a French Napoleon 129 pounder (licorne) agaist a 9-pounder. The sutperiiority of tMe Fren1Ch in both instances is admitted by artillery officers to have beenunmistakeoable. IUaIBER OF IITS qL TARGET. Yards. Frencii EnDglish. 700........ . 5 3 1,000 . . . ... 2 1 SATURDAY MOR-LNG. Spring is coming upon us in the form of summer; the heat is beginning to make itself felt, and the - vegetation in the ravines is bursting out luxuriantly. The fruit trees in the valleys towards the Belbek are all in full blossom. Even the plateau exhibits scant patches of green. Iast night the ridge which overhangs the Tchernaya was illuminated brightly by the burning huts which have been abandoned by the French. Themelting away of the allies is a curious phenQmenon. You awake in the morning, and, lo! the spot which but the day before was alive with men covered with canvas, and dotted with white huts, is a desolate, silent patch of ground, studded with heaps of blackenedrembers and charred timber -its tenants departed at cockcrowv,-and the cocks in the Crimea are of the very earliest, and really must see the sun round the corner long ere he drives his chariot over the top of Tehator-Dagh. The 3d Buffs left their camping ground soon after 8 o'clock, and proceeded in heavy marching order towards Balakiava, where they -will embark for Corfu-a pleasant change from the plateau before Sebastopol. They were followed by many friends from their brigade for the Buffs are a favourite regiment. The men seemed in fine order, and marched off very steadily. It will be seen that a man of the 47th has been tried and found guilty of deserting to the eneny on the 3d of December, 1854. He returned to camp on the 15th of April, 1856, saying he wvas quite tired of the Russians,. and would rather run his chance of punishment (which by the laws of war is death) than remain with them. The PRussians declare that they have received 1,000 deserters from the English alorne. Some of their officers made this statement at a d.ijeu2ner in the Englislh camp the other day, and on some doLibts being expressed by their hosts as to the number they compared notes, and re-asserted that about 1,000 .men had deserted fiom us during the campaign. This is preposterous, I think, for anything like 1,000 English soldiers caunot have deserted to the enemy, unless those whom we supposed to have been takenprisoners or wounded in sorties, and carlied off, went over, or are counted as having gone over to the enemy. I suspect they include merchant sailors who have fallen into their hands. The Russians tell us that " they never had the smallest difficulty in learning what the English were doing." On one occasion-a very -windy day-some officers said they were waiting for several hours in expectation of seeing a grand blow-up in Balaklava harbouir. A Greek had volunteered to go into the town and set fire to some hay on the north side, and it was hoped that the flames would catch the powder ships, with the number and position of which the enemy were perfectly acquainted. After a time the Greek returned to say the hay was damp, and that he could not set it on fire. The Russians say they found no 'difficulty in getting information from the Frenclh, except at Kamiesch, and their spies were afraid of meddling there as the French police were very vigilant. Some months ago Major Shervinton, then acting as Provost-MIarshal, startecd a quantity of rakia prohibited poison-into the sea. Lord Stratford has taken up the case of the proprietor of that delicious and wholesome beverage, and has v.written to Sir W. Codrington to ask for compensation on his behalf; and an inquiry is now actually being made into the circumstanices. Lord Stratford's client pleads ignorance of the order against the importation of rai into Balaklava.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In a report of a charge of a fraud at the Southlwark police-court (vhich has appeared in the morning papers of this day), preferred against a person named John Carroll, he stated that he was connected with this company. May I beg the favour of your stating that such is not nor has ever been the case 2 JOSHBUA NEWBU-ifl Sec J1etropolitan Brewing Company, 13, 'Upper Wellington- street, Covent-garden, May 22.
|AnoxAn TEMPERXNCE SocrIET.-This associatlion, devoted to the advocacy of total abstinence from intoxicating drinks, held its annual meeting in Exeter-haU yesterday evening, the proceedings extending from half-past 6 to 10 o'clock. A breakfasthad taken place in the morning of the same dav at the London Tavern, the attendance at which was diniinished by the lowvering state of the weather, and this cause, though in a less perceptible degree, had an adverse influence upon the evening gathering. The public may be interested in knowing that the London Temperance League, by which Mr. Gough's services in England were secured, has settled the basis of a union with the National Temperance Society, so that the present, vwhich is the 14th anniversary of the latter, will virtually be the last; both associations henceforth merging into one under the name of the National Temperance League. Mr. F. Crossley, M.F., presided over the meeting held last night, and when the secretary had read the year's report and letters of symVathy and encouragement from the Rev. W. Arthur, the Rev. Dr. Stevens, of Philadelphia, and Sir Iichard Dacrcs, K.C.B., a series of resolutions were submitted, the terms and speeches delivered in support of which met with the enthusiastic approbationi of the audience. The first resolution, moved by the R1ev. H. Allen, A.M.. incumbent of St. Jude's, Whitechapel, seconded by Mr. S. C. Hall, editor ofthe Art Journal, and supported by Captain Hasted, was the folowing :-" That thlis meeting declares its uncompromising attachment to the principles of the temperance reformation, as being well suited to persons of every pursuit in life, as productive of remarkable and wide-spread benefits in the past, and as capable of effecting a still greater and incalculable amount of good if duly supported by patriotic citizens and devout Christians of every class." Among the other resolutions was one in favour of prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors during Sunday. Besides those mentioned, the speakers -were Mr. Joseph Sturge, the Rev. Dr. Burns the Rev. E. G. Cecil, and Mr. James Groves. HORSnFALLs MoNsTER WnROUGHT IRON- Gu.- Ln-mRpooa, ThursdayEvening.-(By Electric Telegraph. - The experiments were resumed this afternoon under the rersonal direction of Colonel Vandaleur, of the Ordnance Department, Woolwich; seven rounds were fired with shell and shot, the last two being with th.at of 31Slb. in wreight; the charge in each case being 451b. of pow der-one-half the maxi7nu7n chargeand the gan being elevated in one instance 1 de,ree and 10 degrees in the other. The tests were highly satisactory. OLD ADvERTis ENTs.-Mercury goives all the rest of his papertoadvertisements. They are nine in number, and aUiprinted in italics, except that first one, wherein John Dryden offers 501. for the discovery of the ruffian by vhom he was assaulted, "which is deposited in the hands of Mr. Blanchard, goldsmith, next door to Temple-bar; and if the discoverer be himself one of the actors he shaU have the 501. without letting his name be known, or receiving the least trouble by anypersecution." Dryden kept hismoney, for the actors names never were discovered. Then, between Dryden's mishap and another of a similar nature, we lind a hue and cry for a small white and faUow grayhound; the description given rivaUing, in accuracy and style, some well-known rish advertisements; and a nauticalidea being raised, towards the middle of the paragraph, by thestatement that "herstearn issmaUandpartlywhite. ' Theknockdown and evil entreating of passengers would seem to have been a favourite diversion of the period. But, by the comparatively short and careless mention of " the young man wvho, on Friday night last, was assaulted in Leadenhall-street, when he was much abused, and lost his hat, &c.," it is evident that he considers himself nobody. No stated sum of money is forthcoming to tempt confession, "the persons who were spectators of the wirongs done him" being shmply requested to " repare to the Black Bear, in Caunon-street, where they will bea requited for their trouble." The nexst advertisement relates to some Flemish tapestry, " full of sdk and. lively colours, neer eight feet deep, and not the worse for using. To be offered a great pennyworth." This is a bait held out to "persons about to marry ;" and it is followed by an announcement that " the mileners' goods that was to be sold at the Naked Boy, neer Strand-bride are sold at lLr. Van den Anker, in Lime-street." The boldness of the grammar and the oddity, to ears of to-day, of the place at which milliners' goods were kept are remarkable. Orthography, etymology, and syntax are al defied together in the following:-" Whereas one Jones Wiltington, Aged hbout 20 years. Deaf and Dum, by trade a Painter bath latelygoneawayfrom his lodging at the3 Kings without Ludgate, Intendin- for the Countrey, but is returned back to London, with aliittle black Mare 14 hands high, -with a Blaze on her Face, whoever can give Information of the said Mare to Mr. John Fisher at the 3 Kings aforesaid shall have Ten Shillings reward." The literary department begins with an announcement on behalf of another man, who is still living:- a -Treatise of the fear of God," by John Bunyan. The Treatisais arnnounced to show "what it (the fear of God) is, and hew distinguished from that which is not so. Also, whence it comes. Who has it. What are tse effects. And what the privileges of those that have it in Uteir hearts." Iighter reading is provided next, byRandal Taylor, who has published anincomparable pack of cards, containing "the history of all the Popish Plots that have taeen in England, emellently eg raven on copper-plate; with large descriptions under oasis card."-i:ckcn5s'sHouse. 7hold Wordls. A vacancy which had occurred among the clerks of the Colonial-office has jut been competed for. Six candidates were selected, ants it has been won by Mr. Richard Hall, of Jesus CoLlege, Cambridge, where Mr. JH_ took a Wragler's degree.-Globe.
N'A7AL A.AND fILITABY J2TBLLIGEYC1. The restoration of peace will be celebrated in the fleet and ganrison at Portsmouth on the 29th in a very spirited manner, the Government and their local representatives (Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour and Major-General Breton) having notified their willingness to aid in the demonstration. A promenade decorated with flags of all nations and other appropriate devices, will be formed between a line of booths on Southsea-common, having a triumphal column erected as a trophy at the east end, on which the flags of the allies, surmounted by the Royal standard, will be displayed. The espLanade wvill be dressed in flags. Major-General Breton will parade the troops in the garrison On Southsea-common at noon, where they wilfire the fcu de jot4e instead of within and upon the waUlls of the fortress, as heretofore. At 1 o'clock the fleet at Spithead and in Portsmonth harbour will fire a grand general salute, with ships dressed. The bands of the various regiments in garrison and the Royal Marines will be stationed at various points onthecom monandesplanade, and playdaring the afternoon and evening. Athleticgamesfor thetroops and populace will be arranged. The promenade and triumpuhal column will be brilliantlyilluminated. At 9 o'clock in the evening the fleet at Spithead will be illuminated as on the occasion` of the late review by the Qaeen. A grand display of fireworks on the eommon, with bonires,. &c., vill conclude the festivities of the day. A committee, presided over by the Mayor, are making the necessary preparations for carrying into effect the above resolutions. To-morrow, being the actual anniversary of Her Majesty's birthday, the fleet will dress ship and fire a general salute at noon. Her Majesty's yachts' crews will be regaled and entertained as heretofore on the grounds at Osborne, and a private fCte will be given to the Royal establishment. Her Majesty's ship Majestic, 81, Captain James Hope, C.B., arrived at Spithead yesterday morning, and rejoined the fleet from the eastward. - Her MEajesty's ship Tribune, 31, Captain Edgell, is ordered to be paid off at Portsmouth, " all standing." The Rumnymede convict ship arrived at Spithead on Wednesday evening from the eastward, to embark prisoners. Her M3ajesty's steam sloop Prometheus, 5, Commander Hope, went out of Portsmouth harbour and anchored. at Spithead yesterday. The Victoria steam transport, Nlo. 72, went out of Portsmouth haroour yesterday, and anchored at Spithead. She sailed at 6 o'clock for MTalta and the Crimea, to bring home troops. Her Majesty's ship Harier, Commander Derriman, is ordered to the south-east coast of South America, and will leave Portsmouth in a few days. Her Majesty's ship Amphitrite, 25, Captain Burridge, arrived at Spithead last evening. She was commissioned on the 13th of December, 1850, and left Spithead on the Slst of January following. She has been twice up to the Arctic regions to relieve the Plover, and is the largest ship (1,00 tons) that ever reached the latitude of 70 30 north. During this period of five years five months and 14 days she has been upwards of threeyears aud three-quarters at sea, andhas gone 140,000 miles. thegreatest naumberthat aman-of-warhas done for the last 20 years. About one-half only of the officers and men who left England on board her have come home by her. She brings 48 invalids, and Mr. Langdon, the secretary to the Governor of the Fal?Dand Islands, with despatches from the Governor to the Colonial-office. The Amphitrite spoke the following ships on the voyage:April 17, in lat. 2 21, long. 22 42 W.. the ship Stadt Ansterdam; April 21, the British bark Bengal; April 28, the American ship Santiago; May 7, in lat. 32 43, long. 34 43, the Americani bark Glenburi; May 14, in lat. 44 53, long. 34 41, the English brigantine James, of St. John's, New Brunswick; May 15, in lat. 45 30, long. 31 23, the Owen Giendower; and May 19, the Harold, of Scilly. The Amphitrite broug-ht no freight. We are requested to state that Her Majesty's ship Algiers has not left Portsmouth for Plymouth, but that she remains at Spithead. Her Majesty's ship Indefatigable, 50, Captain Thomas Hope (the flagship), vas at Isla Grande, near Rio Janeiro, on the 11th of April, on her return from Montevideo, and was shortly to proceed on a cruise. Admiral Hope Johnstone remains at head-quarters for the present, and his flag is hoisted on board Her Majesty's ship Madagascar. The fleet continues perfectly.healthy. The Gorgon, 6 guns,paddlewheel steam-sloop,Commander Richard B. Crawford, arrived at the Great More on Wednesday, from Portsmouth, withthreemortar-vessels in tow. They all came into Sheerness harbour yesterday. The Thunder, 14, screw floating-battery, has arrived at Chatham, from Sheerness. The Trusty, 14, screw floatingbattery, has also been towed from Sheerness to Chatham. The his, 26, and the Heron, 12, have been talken into dock at Chatham, for the purpose of being brought forward for sea. The Seaflower, Admiralty surveying cutter, Mr. Calver, R.N., brought up in Sunderland Roads on Wednesday and soon after her gig put off, with the commander and six of the crew on board. She had just reached the month of the seaoutlet of the South Docks when a cross sea struck her on the quarter, capsized her, and sent nl on board into the water. A boat within the outlet put off to their rescue, and succededin picking up Mr. Calver andfour of the men; but two of them, named Irving and MGinney, sunk. Their bodies have not yet been recovered. The following officers belonging to the reserve battalion of the 91st depot, stationed at Aldershott, have received an order to hold themselves in readiness to proceed with a detachment of that corps to join the head-quarters of their regiment in Greece :-viz., Major J. G. RIawstorne, Lieutenant R. H. Crampton, and Lieutenant Pike. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-E. Birstal, to be (additional) Commander to the Fisgard, for surveying service; Charles Parkinson, to be Master, to the Merlin; Edward Colborne, to be Acting Second Master, to the Pylades - Benjamin Luxmoore, to be Paymaster, to the Atalanta; -henry Broxton, to be Paymaster, to the M1eelin; George R. Gliddon, to be AssistantPaymaster, to the Exmouth; Henry Sewell, to be AssistantPaymaster in charge, to the Jackal; John William Allen, to be Master's-Assistant, to the Elk; J. B. Warren, to bh -Midshipman, to the Hogue, recommissioned; C. L. Oxley, to be Naval Cadet, to the Archer. lC,ITIA. The Royal Sherwood Foresters are under orders to proceed yesterday from Atblone to Dublin, where they 'vill be quartered in the Ship-street and Idnen-hall barracks. It is expected they will remain in Dublin about 10 days, then embark at Kingstown for Liverpool, and thence proceed to Newark, the head-quarters of the regiment.
THE EXPLOSIONS AT WOOLwcl-Yesterday the investigation, respecting the deaths of the severalpersons from tnle recent explosions at Woolwich 'Arsen , was resumed at the Gun Tavern, Woolwich, before Mr. Carttar and a jury. Mledical evidence was first taken in regard to Powell, who lost his life on the 6th inst. No facts of importance -were elicited in addition to those already mentioned. The jury, after a lon9 deliberation, returned a verdict, "That the deceased Thomas -Powell came to his death by the accidental ignition of a tourbillon rocket, upon 'which'the was operating at the time with a tool called a drill; and this jury deeply lament that an operation attended with so much danger was caTried on in a building where so many articles also combustible were being manufactured, and they strongly recommend that for the fature only men of known skill should be employed in this dangerous operation." Evidence was then tauken in regard to the explosion of Saturday last, the particulars of which have been published in 2e Times. Some further explanations were made by Captain Boxer and Mr. Tozer as to the nature of the manufacture of fireworks in the arsenal. The coroner- expressed an opinion that the authorities had used every precaution against danger. The bodies of Taylor, Reardon, Green, Ilail, and Richardson, having been identified, the jury retmrned a verdict of "iAccidental death,' accompanied by the following remarks :-"And this jury cannot disperse without expressi gpeat the at the assurance given by the Government officers t he buildings where all dangerous operations. are now carried on will be as speedily as possible removed to the marshes, where the danz~er 'will not be so great." tOEXAGE OF SHII'S AT LoNDs mAD LrvRpooL. -The Customs biU of entry of the 20th instant states that the number of ships measured for tonnage in the year ending the 30th of April last under the New Merchant Shipping Actwas-London, 4.2 ships, 126,768 tons; Liverpoo1481 Whipi, 200,86S ton
SALES BY AUCTION. This Day.-9,000 Pieces of Paperharginga.-To Builders, Decorators, arid otherm-To be Sold. without reserve, to ca,ver an advance. X.,E SSRS. PRIEST and LAWREINCE vill. SELL IVIv AUCTION, attheir spseiossP.coms. Upper St. ?.tartil'Elane, THIM DAY May 923, at 12 for 1, without reserve, ,(tCO piecks of PAPERLHAGLNGS; comprisiug atn excellent assortmerit for the d-awing room in elegant go.d an d crimson and green fok p3pers. rich satin dito, dining room, parlouir. bed room, stairca-e, arnd hail japer, in great vsrie ty and of good qLMality. To Furnitures Brokers, General Delers, ssd rthe a-I beth.-Leaee and. Goodil, anW Fxtres an tc nTal;wMthout reserve. aJfESSRS PRIEaST 6aadtLAWEr,CE ,ill SELL AVlby AUCTION, on the Pendees, No. I, INew-cut., Lambleth, one =jonday. May26,at1Ifor12, theLEASEandGOODWILL oftlbs old- established BUSINESS PREMUIsES. situate I. New.icit, Lau.u'-tb, held atasmoderate renta]; also zhe stoxkin trade of agenerald?alcr , comprisung 40 lots of musical instruments. paintings. boutk. to(,Ls end msaellaneous property. Tht whrleto be sold witl(.ut the Flightest roserve Catalogaes and full particulars may be obtained on the I T- muises; and at the auctioneers' oafties, 9. T'pper St. 131urtln'.lrane. Shrolrehiro Brewery, City-.uaL-Itsnts Casks, Druy,^, (last, Tai Fittings, and Effezt.( ESSRS. G. W. WV. WASON anTd SONS (late Of 1VlBuclitersbury) wSillLSbr AUCTIO0, oe the Premises, HTrhs- terrace, City-road, on Tursday. aure 3, at 12. Ln lots, the PLANT and. FITTING8 of the above BREWYERY and TAP. in" tiuing eight barrel ioptper, three-quarter mah-tun, coolers. rounds, E'i l ua, twa beer engines, &e.: also YJ3 capital casks in siwes from hogslheads to hildertrios, three doys, arid cart. May be viewed rine day previons to the sale, and catalogues had on tie premises; and of the auctircefrs, 61, ing Wlliam-street, Lendon-brid6e. lihe breweryanad tUp house to be let, together or sepatrately. Good modesrn Hfoushold Etects from several rresicteDLs, pax' the pro - per.t f flnlyLabout to emigrate. jfESSRS. BJLLOC1i wil SELL, at their great 1 ff RooIDsL 211, Htigh Holbn, To-reroir. at li. an Ak,E.MBLAGE of FURNITURE and other HOUSEHOLD EFi4'TS, including bedsteads and bedding, winged and single wardrobes marbe and nurabogany wa,mhs>lsds, ebso-al sd toiJet classes. crarpet, curtiasc, roerowo and wvalnut drawving roam etites, buhl as nn marqueterio be)ookcases, catbictoand oommodr. a tnt-glass ch.sdelier fer gas, clocks pictures, bron.7es, ,,pedeslid sideboa.rds, c.nrg tables and ebalrr, cheffoniero, library bookcase, and chaurs, scagliola -Ullars, and great variety of fu rn ishig re. uisites. Miay 6e viewved, and catalogues had. RegentRatee.----yalua Freehold Business Premics, for iovertnent. ~4TR FRE. CDWIN wvill SELL by AUCTION, A at the oHart, on Tuesdtay, tbe ith of June. at I precisely. by order of the Trustee,udrte il of Mis M~thtsinc Bradley, crdeeased the valuatbele ItEeElLDtSlD;IE p and PREII:lES No. 31, Carnaby-street, ccrner of -Tyler-street, le- on lease fcr 19 years unexpired, aLt £136 per annum, but inthe lcurpationof Ir. Wilmaot, butcher, at a greatlb increaed rent. The premLs ay be Viewed by permissio arid p)arte.ular arid conditions of sole had ot l:esos. Iiudgon anti. Burton. 10, Swalisusy-street, Strand: at die Mart: andC of B:r. (lodwin, 3, llall;in-terrace. Belgrave-sqrisre. T.o Ialerer and others.-Ebgible Oppariunity for Establishing a large Oounter Trade.-Absolute Sale, the propretor relinquishing tta - PRTER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, sat t'aeCtle Tsvern, Marzk-line, on Mionday. May 26. at 2 for 3. yu eProprietor, ithout reserve in one lot, the BE?,Z.- /iCIAPRRidISEd. and. DWVELLflG-HOUSE, listDg 1. ChenicaDlc,Od St, Pancrue.sad: I:eld fur a term of 21 yeams. at tue lorr rentatf£80 per annum. Together with all the fixture.s Sittings, anti utenLsils of t baitzer thereon. Masy te viewed. Particulars ani conditionsof sale on the premises; at the Castle; and of the auctioneer. GPlassetter, Plumbr. and Painter's Stockl I= Chest, Piano Pio- tuin,eS8prng Van, Cat, and furiture; also the Lease anl 6(osl- MIR. UN'DERHAY has received instrUctions frorA the Assignees of -Mr. Chamberlain. a bant;rupt, to SELL1 b AICTIO,on the PremIses, tO. Cs wfordrtect. Portma'i.oqnsce, onl Tuesday, XaLJ27, at 12. the STOCK in TRADE and HOUSEH0LD cRNItaUiE; compriesine about 20 crates of glass, stained and Ero. mental glass 0i4 tnLrps, colours plumbers bras work, pumps, basn aLnd tape,R trade listtinL, and effects; also a fewv lots *ft excellent houseboldfurniture. To be vewved the day before the sale, anDd£[ eaaogo to he had on the premises; and at Mr. Unaderhay's oflices, 9, Upe Baker-street, Itegent's-parlt. .Pec A capital FanBsi Res:dence, at lihate idee:adFehl I BuildirofJ ronnd, P tNorthWosre,ch. Essex. LEREW wiU SELL by AUCTION, at Garra- o an Wedneslou, Junie llth, at 12, in three loto , by order of the Adminitatorj of the late Cecrge 63prielttEsq. the beueficlsa LEASE of a subStantial FA 3HL' Y'hLY Rw ID the i oah c h-hots st.ablin, 8taterintony, lawm, and large wl-othetBedfogarden ; deligho,t full siuatein out-groe. ighto. lsoTroPlots of rvaluable pavilin gr-ounds, ad lce to the VIcadtoaloDreke aticulados mapshiatortly be hadlofr. EBq. Ps,jl, E 3. Gocior,ge-sotw-et usre. Gqrmey'ion Gnra thepremse;andleofathe aenrilndeer Car.Dlngonstre C'de, ort, Sherry, a tc.To Wine )serchant, Hotel and Taveit . DA Keepers Ale Battlers and others. R.D VID ALLA-N RAAISAY is instructed t* T SIELL'byAUCTION7, atGarraway's. on Tuesdlay. Juno 3. at I for 2precisely. to cover adv-ances made, aborutI150hogsheads of superI.or JERSY CDER in ots tosui rhoesrvenese of purchasers; also aboulOdrenof ineoldPor. ad fom 0 t CD dozen of excelleant Shery; ow linat prigais'warf flthetiihe.at the South Coast; hallay Satio, Brcklaer'sAnus andat teBefrPatcno, Totenhm-ourtroa. Pstidar an c :alonesmybhdo pliesion oW. alme. Ess., olicior, . Gerge-tree, Euronsea
