M.AfO BS of tlhe COUBT of the REG-ENOY.* (Concluded fro1a ne ime3 of Aug. 29.) Thi determinatioiiof tdri Grenville to maintain hisp:Lrty as a restraint uponithe Vourt was shaken in the sequel, E but the change in his attitude may as fairly be athibuted to the cogency of events as to his own infiimity of purpose. The year 1813, which freed the nations of Europe from an oppressive domination, disposed of English statesmen for divers purposes not contemplated originally by themselves ortheir countrymen. To no one did it assign a more imuportant part than to one of whom we have previous proof that the Grenvilles thought meanly and disparagingly-viz., Lord Castlereagh. Lord Castlereagh had a great but very difficult r6le. Though, after the retreat from Moscow, Napoleon had virtually collapsed, such was stiU the influence of his name that the German potentates were timidly reluctant to pronounce against him. Prussia was simultaneously greedy and desponding, and Austria, ao far from comnmitting herself decidedly, sent proofs and protestations of attachmnentto his throne; while, as to the Governments of the smaller German States, their fear was only exceeded by their insincerity. That the obstacles to a general alliance were gratduallv removed, that the apprehensions of each Sovereign were sedulously allayed, that supplies and subsidies from Englaud enabled them to take the field, was due to the statesman who was a pupil of Pitt, and who, happier than his great master, was permitted to realize the scheme for the confederation of Europe vhich they had studied together in IS06. Of no one statesman of modern times hasthe opinion of modern times more signaly altered, and the proofs of this change are conspicuous in the volumes before us. His previous colleagues had never given Lord Castlereagh credit for the resources he possessed. Yet in a very little time, says the editor or his substitute, " he proved that a more accomplished statesman had rarely entered a Cabinet, and the stability Lord Liverpoors Administration enjoyed was due as much to the interest and affection with which Lord Castlereagh inspired his coadjutors as to the conscientious disc'narge of duty, of wlhich he continued to set them an admirable example." Tlle Adininistration had otherwise difficulties enough in the Old and New WVorlds, at home and abroad, but it surmounted them, because it was substantialy united. The Opposition, on theotherhand,hadmanyopportunities, but it could not use them, for it was as essentianly divided. Lords Grenvixe and Grey were its nominal leaders, but their authority was of little weight with their irregular supporters. Wellesley and Canning stood apart, though equally in opposition, and the " Mountain," as the extreme Rtadicals were designated, were still less under the inspiration or control of their aristocratic leaders. Between those leaders themselves there 'was a growing divergence, which was destined to end in their party estrangement and separation. About this time a general hesitation on the part of the Grenvilles began to be manifested. The Mlarquis of Buckingham, with failing health, was secludhig himself at Stowe. Lord Grenville was more interested in the affairs of his university than in those of his partisans. Mr. Thomas GrenviUe was more than ever occupied by his tastes as a bookcollector. Lords Temple and Nugent were also giving proofs of their family inclination for literary pursuits. Their Parliamentary followers, and foremost of these Charlns Wvnn and W. H. Fremantle, had therefore a liberty, which they freely exercised, to shape out a course for themselves, which, however, accorded with the evident inclination of their seniors to take up a position between the Opposition and the Government. Of these seniorsithe Marquis of Buckingham shortly died, and his son, Lord Temple, received the condolence of the Prince Regent through Lord Liverpool, and a note expres- a sive of the affection and respect of Lord WelLington for his father's memory. His career, as we might expect, is here defended and panegyrized by the present editor as that of " a faithful scholar in the school of Pitt, whose policy he maintained, even when it had been abandoned by his master." In the next place credit is claimed for the GronviUes upon juster ground-for their disinclination at this period to make a stalking-horse of the Princess of WVales. This il-used, but ill-conducted and ill-advised woman, had been an instrument in the hands of successive Opposition leaders, who, as they found it impossible to carry with them, -when they entered the Admiristration, the cause of herRoyal Highness, had lef^t her to their successors on the Opposition benches. Spencer Perceval, when a risingr lawyer, had so employed her so-caUed "rights" and "wrTongs." Lord Eldon was supposed to be open to the strictures of Whitbread for the sune course of conduct. Brougham, and subsequently Canning, it is said, were continually urging the Princess to bring forward her grievances in every way in -which they might be made to excite public smpathy and embarrass the Government. In these proceedings the Grenville party consistently refused to take part, for the "delicate inquiry," as it was termed, had been instituted a few years before in L,ord Grenville's house, and he, it is stated, was then satisfied of her culpability. Although he had joined in pronouncing averdict which acquitted her Royal Highness of one part of the chlarge, this verdict was quite as decisive as to her guilt on another. B3usat this time she commenced an agitation by mcans of the newspapers with the help of her ready sympathizers among the dignitaries of the city, and her still more interested champions in the House of Commons, though the momentous events of the year caused her pretensions to be little heeded, while by the GrenviUes they were studiously discountenan= ld. About this time also Canning "fornally azd i ith some solemnity disbanded his party," a step of doubtful propriety in the eves of the GrenviUes and of their correspondents, as it qualified him to take office without regard for those who had followed him, on the ground of a coincidence of opinions. In the spirit of his traditions Lord Grenville, writing to Horner, laments the discredit which this has thrown on party connexion, "the upholding which, on its true foundation of public principle, i take to be essentialto the benefit of a Parliamentary constitution." Lord Grenville's change of attitude at this period was more honourable to him, as it involved no such sacrifice, while it was justified by the changed circumstances of the time. He, in conjunction with his partv, were now prepared to support the Ministry in a vigorous prosecution of the war, which they had previously condemned; yet their chauge involved no sacrifice of principle, and is fairly maintained in the following letter of Horner:- " I cannot hesitate now in believing that the determination on the Prench military force, and the insurrection of natienal spirit in the. north of Ciormany, form a new conjuncture, in 'which the Whigs ought to adopt the w.ar system, upon the very same principle which prompted them to stighmatize it as unjust in 1793, sand as premnature in lSo3. The crnsis of Spanish politics in Mlay, 1803, seemed to me the firs; turn of things in a contrary direction; and I have never ceased to lament that our party took a course so inconsistent with the true Whig principles of continental policy, sO revolting to the popular feelings of the country, and to every true feeling for the liberties and independence of rnankind. To owin that error now is a greater effort of magnanimity than can be asked for; bat the practical effects of it will gradually be repaired, if a right line of conduct is taken with respect to German affairs." For some time past the Whigs had been in a false position. Instead of criticizing the mismanagement or extravagance in the conduct of the war, they had been opposed to the war itself. and their predictions of its failure had been signally falsified. Now, also they were fated, by the interposition of Lord Castlereagh, to be convicted of a further political error, for his promises of a "speedy settlement of the affairs of Europe," which they had deiided, were fulfilled to the letter. His extraordinary activity had been a principal means of bringing about the treaty of Stoclkholm, March 3, with Sweden; of Reichenbach, June 14, with Prussia; of Peterswalde, July 6, with Russia; and, finally, the incorporation of Austria with the Grand Alliance, July 27. At the meeting of Parliament on the 5th of November these magnificent results were hailed with joy and triLunph. The Marlulis Wellesley praised the Royal speech, and Lord Grenville decidedly expressed his trust that no peace would be concluded which did not restore a balance of power in Europe. The young Marquis of Buckingham, with his ncle's warm concurrence, volunteered to take his reginrent to Holland, and, thoughl his services were then dispensed with, he was afterwards free to take it to the assistance of Lord We71ington. The allies were now pressing Napoleon on all sides, but Castlereaglh, more than nny other person, by his courageous decision pro-aotea the hinai cata-strophe. As the drams approached its dC.iaiement he appeared at the conferencens at BIrsur-Aube, when the French Emperor, at bay in the heart of his tertitries, had, by a succession of marvellous efforts, inflicted important reverses on the allies, and had almost rendered their ultimate triumph uncertain. I was there that Lorl Castlereagh overcamne the indecision of the Emnperor of Austria and another difficulty regarded as insurmountable. Without waiting for Bernadotte's awsent, which it is donbtfule if he wonld have raceived, he took the responsibility of reinfcrcing Bi1ncher with the corps under the command of the King of Sweden. The moment he understood that, militarily spealdng, ihe proposed plan was indispenable to success, he took his line, and it is not too much to say, as his admirers bavesaid, that his courage and energy at this inoment decided the fate of the campaign- The treaty of 'aris was signed on the 11th of April, but Castlereagh was dissatisfied with the relegation of Napoleon to a place so near the thpatre of-his briliant achievements as Elba, and had forebocdngs of the renewed struggle which was again to convulse Europe. On the other-hand, unfortunately for the Marquis of Backingham's desire to distinguish himself, the present conflict was over when with his regiment he reached France. The abdication of Napoleon, says Thomas Grenvihle in a letter to hini of April 12, 1814, "leaves you nothing to do but to buy v.hat claret you want, and to return through Paris as soon as you have leave, if you prefer that course to the accommodations of your yacht." But the peace arrangements detained him for some time in Ei'rance, and apparently even at the date of the 'visit of the allied Sovereigns to England in the month of June he was still there, which would account for his absence from Stowe when it was visited by the Duchess o' Oldenburg. This lady, whose function it was, in the interests of Russia, to break off the intended marriage between the Prince of Orange and our Princess Charlotte, ancd which she did vely effectually by obtaining the confidence of the latter, surprised the palatial house at Stowe with a flying visit-which is daguierreotyped for the Marchioness of Buckingham by her faithful servant and librarian. As a reminiscence of that princely mansion before its treasures were dispersed it is worth quoting here, independently o-f the amus-ing flutter of the librarian, whose dinner, as vell as peace and leisure, were sacrificed to the intruder. After some general expressions of admiration on the part of the Duchess, she intimates- "' I I wish to see everything here. You are very kind to accompany me. I wish to see everything. I came from Oxford to see it, and have not rested since 9 o'clock this incruing.' cYour Highness must be fatigued, and will probably wish for some refreshment.' "I treumbled lest she should say yes as there was nothing but my dinner that could be procared on so short a notice and that was not a mouthful, as I thought, for each. Hoer ever, she not only said yes, but added also, in the most graceful manner, that she would be much obliged, as she meant not to stop until she arrived at Warwick. I then left her to Broadwvay, in the Chandos-room, and ran to Mrs. Bell, and found Jervis and Hnumphreys attending in liveries, and lamenting that nothing but a few sandwiches could he pro- "Those fu:'s,' said I, ' are so hungry now, that anything wml go dovwn. Get them my dinner, along with everything you can collect, to the music-room.' "This was done with the greatest expedition and best order imaginable, so that I was'myself surprised at it, considering the suddenness of the emergency. On my retaura to her Highness I found her stiU in the Chandos room, and I reminded her there of the death of Clarinda Tasso; and, after she had considered the whole set out of the roomr, I showed her to the MS.-roorn, where I wished to detain her as long as I could, to give the servants time to provine the luncb. Some of them, who ought to have helped Jervis and Thomas HEmphreys, stood gazing with very pardonable Curiosity, to get a glimpse at the Duchess; and alU said, after she went off, 'What a pity it was that sachl a beantiful face should be so concealed by such a bonnet.' In the ?dS.-room she sat down, looked at every manuscript I showed her, wvith very great attention; expressed herself higisly delighted, said that Stown is a Paradise, and that England is the fnest country in the world. She looked at the Duke of Somerset's miniature, Charles the Second's, Henry the Eighth's; said what an unfortunate Queen poor Catheine of Arragon was to be married to such a monster; locked at Lord Temple's pedigree; turned over many leaves of King Alfred's Psalter; then looked at the ancient masical notes in the Register of Hyde Abbey, or King Canute's Book; then over the Saxon charter of 692, which, she said, was a monxument worthyof the princely place wheTe it was preserved. "'But what aloss,' she said, 'if byany accident such a monument were destroyed 1 ' " She then looked at the cnarter of 715, &c., at the original portrai. of Shakspeare, at some of the illuminated MSS.; and at last I said that probably her Highness might now be disposed to take some refreshment. I could plinly p=rceive that this was not an unwelcome word, and so I conducted her and suite to the music-room. My dinner is generaly more than I want, and it happened lackily that yesterday Mrs. Bell had roasted a bit of veal which wou'd suffice until Friday, enough in good conscience for four days, and it was very nicely browined, with a plate of asparagus, two plates of sandw iches, some sweetmeats; and the whole party enjoyed it with all the relsh that hunger and a wholesome dish of plain meat afford to a travelling appetite. After leer Highness had been helped by the Russian nobleman, who sat opposite to her, she insisted on my sitting near her. I said that Lord and Lody Buckingham, if they had kaown of her Highness's visit, would have ordered matters otherwise, or that if she had sent on one of her outriders something better could have been procured; to which she replied, that she wished to travel expeditiously, and to pive little trouble; that the hospitality of Englishmenaisaell known; and she then added, ' You must have seen a great deal of company here.' ("'Yes,' said I, ' sometimes from 40 to 50 gentlemen and Ladies, with their attendants, whole weeks together.' 'Yes, Madam.' "'Have you ever seen the Prince Regent here R ' " 'Yes, Madam, more than once, with his Royal brotheri end attendants, for a week each time.' " 'And have not the Royal family of France been hero 1' " ' Yes,' said I, 'frequently.' "'Is there not a book of Stowe?' "'Yes, Madam.' I then showedit to her, and she asked mec ould I procare her a copy. I said I believed it was sold at Beclkidnbam. "'Iam sorry,' said she, 'I do not go that way. I intend to be at Warwick to-night.' "It was now 7 o'clock. " ' I wish I could stay a little longer, to see more of the gamdens. Could you order our carriages round to meet us anywhere, and we would walk a little?' "I orderedthe carriages to the Royal Pavilon, and showed hcr the way by the Temple of Bacchus. "'WI at a charming spot this is,' said she. looking down the valley to the Ulke and the Temple of Venus. ' This,' saidcshe, 'is the true style-of En-lish gardening; Ie lotre M as all for stia ight lines. Who laid out these grounds?' "'Originally, a Mr. Brown, 'who went by tke name of 'Capability,' but every succeeding lord, since Pope's tihe, has improved.' I't D,es the present lord like Stowe very much? Is he fond of inuproving it?' "'Yes, he has made several improvements.' ' Does he collect paintings?' - ' He has laid out large sinus on paintings.' I'I wish I could get the book of Stowe, but it is now too late."' The librarian even adds that her Highness went down to the cellar, that Jervis and Humphreys attended with l-ights, that the foreign. servants found the beer deliciouis, and that all seemed very happy, &c. He remarks, with a courtly tact which is admirable in a librarian, that " the Duchess is very handsome, iZearly of yOUr siCe," and suggests, with apologies for his freedom, that she should have a copy of the book of Stowe sent to her, which we trust was sent accordingly, for the honour of her entertainers. - IncomparisonLwith the general tenour of theas volumes this is an exceptional episode. We return to their sterner contents, and find Lord Grenville corresponding with the Dake of Wellington on the suppression of the slave trade, or inditiwg his memorable protest against the Corn Bill of 1815. In that protest it is observable that the Marquis of Buckingham joined. The Marquis appears also to have taken a lenient view of the I responsibility to himself of hiis representatives in tha | Comnnons, and a letter which he wrote on that subject to Horner (page 116) is much to ifs credit. Hoomer was embarrassed by his having given a vote contrary to the opinions of the 3Iarquis, and offrs to resign his seat, but the Marquis courteously urges h im to retain it. In the meantime, however, t.he divergence between the polities of the Gmen- villes and the Horners is becomin' more and more marked. Lord Grenville is obviously bound by very frail ties to his compa-nions of the Opposition benches, and he is found voting in Aprilnin opposition to Lord Grey, who is against the renewal of the war on Napoleon's return fiom Elba. Lord Grey is in a hopeless miseoritv till the " Cent jou'S" are coicluded, and England is agaim discussina the fate of the Imperial captive. To what e2travagance some of Napoleoi's admirers in this country yielded is evidencedby the following absurdity' of. one -whom it has been utsual to describe as tltorougnly convereaot with the principles of the constitution. c Sir Francis Burdett called orn one this mornhng," writes Sir Samuel Romilly, "and told me that if moris;q for a t wit of hakaecs cooJAIes wCould Iprocure Bo2ne are- his lberty, or in any way be useful to hitn, he would stantd forward to do it, T told, him thtt I thlouggt that'Bonaparli cdud not poosibly deri-e abeaerit from such a proceeding.&" e nbeeit' - With tho-return- ei rpece the difflclties of 34inisters were by no metbs dissipated. What was to be don-e bore a modest promortion to what was to be undone, and the relaxation of national efforts was accompanied by a vehement semse o. the sacrifices made, and of the benefits of the constitutionial changes at that time desired, The resources of the CGuntry showred the exhausting effects of +he strain |they had undergone, and Castlereagh naturally ,doubted wvhetwher, with a population now passj irg undbr thle irrtating effects of all iurport.qnt 0 hne hre was sufflcient security against the evil l cosqeces likely to arise from jsudden and comnpeesv alterationLs of long established laws. W hatever were his difficulties on1 this score, or his prudence in dealing w,ith them, at all events he encountered no obstaeles on the part of the Greavilles. At this date we find Lord GIrenville occupyingf hlunIself chiefly wvith his literaryf associations. Ee is Isending, through the Duke of Wellingtlon, to7 Louis XVIIt., who had boeen a g,uesti of the lMarqu is of^ iBuckingham, a copy of the GCrciiilie Ho2er, and the Homes.' iS flatterin,gly received, thoun'h, according to tshe manner of potentates, the king, never thinks of reimbursing the Marquis for the pecuniary assistance he had received in his exile. Lord Grenyule in the next place undertakes the defence of his university in answver to the strictures in Duglald Stewfart's famous "sDissertation,"andsnmuintainathat it is not historically true that Oxford expelled Locke. Later indeed, in 1829, he pubEished a consideredtract on this subject. In 1816 his secret opponent, Sher;dan, after apainful decadence, goes to his grave, and this is made the occasion of an2 inquiry into the cause of the hostility to the Grenvilles evinced in M\oore's life of> the orator. Several passages in MIoore's diary are collated with this object, and, as the bearing of thena is curious, we shall extract themn here: "His gitted countryan, whio thea wrote so movingly on the fate of *-'*The pride of the palace, the bower, and the hail,' l03t little timos in endeavonring to colliect the matrials for his biography. In his recently published diary there occur some curious revelations respecting his progress w,th his task-; and some of the entries may enlighten the reader as to tho 4ause of certain sligDhts of the (ironville family to he found in his wiritings, particlaLrly the stuvdied manner in whbich Lord Grey is praised, and Lord Grenvirie ignored. The following estracts from the diary are extremely characteristic :-On the 19th of Septembcer, he wirites,-' Mr. Grenvillo, to my regret, was gone. IE wanted to uncork (to ulsa an old jokes whatever remains o' Old Sherry he mighLt have in him. Ladiy I.ansdowrne said he had mentionedt the su;bject to her-that he has letters of Sheridan's, but that he will not give them.' The diartst adds, in the spirit which made the soldier in Gil BIas back his appeal for charity with the barrel of a loaded musket, '1I shall try what effect the knowledge of my having so many letters of his ovwn may produce on himn. He is said to ho very fidgetty aboutt his epistolary fame; and, if so, the intelligence may at least give hzim a sleepless night or two, Which he deserves for such sulky uLncommunicative. ness.' The threat, however, had no effect. Mvr. GrenviUoe possessed too much spirit to allow himself to be bullied out of his property. Si on the 12th of the followingt month the diarist makes the following entry:-' Looked over Mlr. T. GrenviUle's letters. By thae by, when I told Lady £1olland that he said that he would not give me the letters of Sheridan he has in his possession, she anlswered, ' Well, I hope you mean to punish him w ith a sentence or two, ' and I am strongly tempted to do so.' This was very amiable of Lady Holland, and showvs how easily her favourite could be induiced to he spiteful. Ont the next day hewnrites,-'R,eceived a letter from Mr. T. Grenville, very wrordy, and laboursug hard at an excuse for not giingm te the letters. Says they only refer to the lady w.hom ho first marriea. Only ! the v ery thing I want. Have replied to hima, and tricd by little gentle lints to shame him into lettin<' me haveothem; but it is, I fear, hopeless' Most sssurerilyit was hr. ltoore had mi3taken his man. He had led too hononrable a life to be so easily shamed, and, having a conscience perfectly at ease, slept soundly, threats of exposure notwzithstanding. Judicious friends prevented the revenge that had been so kindly prompted; for on the 20th there is an entry, ' Rogers think-s I must not give extracts fromUsr. T. tGrenvillie's letters, he being stilialive; and Lord L. [Lansdowne]. he says, thinks the same;* so I suppose I muIst give themu up, thoughl there wvould be a very amulsingr revenge in quzoting his solemn nonentities.' This partingr bit of spite is extremely amusingr. The pu,blication of M¢r. T. Gronville's correspon den ce h as given theo readeor a better o - portunity of judg-ing of his epistlar talent tharn ho coruit have obtained from afew garbled extracts, however carefullyv tulrned into ridicule. Balt the offended w.it was not to ba baulk.ed of his revenge;* hence the unfair manner in which the Grenvilles are treated in his writings, whenever he has been obliged to mention them." In the followaing year we findLord Dudleynoticiage n rumour, which must have been substantially near the truth, to the effect that Lord Grenville, tired of useless efforts to patchs up the semblance of an a^commodation with a party whose principles dfifered so widely from hins own, had wriitten a letter to Lord Grey, the object of which was to dissolve the connexion that had for some years existed between them. W7e shortly find Lord Grenville passing from the rank;s of those who opposed to those who supported measures to arres,t sedition; and a little later we find his friends in. Parliament engaged in the curious experiment of creating a third party, which should disconnect itself fromthe advocates of extreme opinions onbothsides and absorb all whose politics inclined to moderation. The details of this experiment are communicated to the Marqulis of .Buck;ingham by Charles Wym and Dr. Philliunore, two of the most active of its menmbers. Lord G>renville simultaneously an- nounces to him in an elaborate and able letter his owrn intention to retire from all active participation inparty movements; "Nwor could I," says he, in conclutsion, "avoid stating to yout again, andmost distinctly, that, as a p3liticiau, the partisan, the'leader, or the follower of any party, I have, and mtust be considered as having, entirely ceased to act, converse, and comiunmescte." Hie leaves the wYork professedly to younger men, antd especially to C harles WFynn, w,ho distinguishes himself in its performance. At the commencement of 1818 Dr. Phillimore accordingly gives the following accoutnt of the third party's prospect-s: "The session has opened heavily, the attendance of aine1 er; has been but thin, and nothing of any material interest has lutherto occurred. On the day of meeting WTynn, Stanhope, and myself, very qtuietly took our seats on the bench wve had agreed upon. In the course of the evening I fell in vith 31r. Knox (the member for Tyroneshire), wiho had been sitting on the Opposition bench; on his questi ming me as to onr probable leader, he., I e.xplained to hi n the course w e had determined to adopt;* immediately on my resuming my seat he placed hiumself next to me, and both on Wednesday and Thursday he took his past very decidedly among us. Tremayne (member for Camnwrall), after questioning me whether we took our seats whEere w,e did accidentally or designedly, on my explainingo the state of things to him, expressed great satisfaction. He is a thorougDhly independent person, wholly unconnected with any party; but Ishoold not bo at all surprisedif hewere to think and act as w e do on most occasions, w;ithout decidedly attaching himiself to our squad. Sir Thomas Acland and Cocks dirt wvith us very much, so, indeed, does Mr. Secretary Canning, but w;ith respect to the last-menitioned, I appreheud it is rather his manner end habit so to do, and I have no doubt but that he already attaches considerable importance to that which he foresees may make a formidableI third party. Grenfell still adheres to his old seat, but I trust he will soon cross the narrow channel which sepacrates us. I think be will, when he has fairly ascertained that we are as indepeudent of the iloverameut as we are of the old Opposition; this, probably, waill be the case with several others, wfho are anlxiously watching our movenments as to this point; but, at the same time, it is to be observed, that those of the old Oppolsition on whomn we principally calculated (with the exception of Grenfe]l and Knox) have not yet made their appearance in the Hfouse. The old Opposition seem to he playing our game. They are extremely violent, and apparently without concert. Romillg has hitherto pat himself more forward as leader than any other Twroor three days later Wynn appends his re- "SOnlY 32 members at 4, so no Houe Senjeant Onslowr told Phililmoro we should have many recruits, as the language of the violen,t was, that nowr they had got rid of Ponsonby and of us, they wrould take their full swing. Brougham, on being asked whether he meant to move an amendment, said, 'lTo, neither he nor his friends; hu,t no one could tell wvhat the MWountain would do. If this is not ' Bicepcs Parnassus,' I kno;v not what is.'"' We have some curious charaoterizations from the Grenville point of view atbout the same period also from Wynn:- " My dear Bnckingham,-The Fates conspired against my bill. Its supporters could not be persuaded that it was in any danger, and wrent to their dinners. LorI George Cavendish, M;acdonald, hoc., who voted for it last year, came down to vote against it, upon the prfesed ground of cay change of seat. Brougham, who last year opposed it, new oted forit, w,ith omily, Curv,'en, and divers of th.e MWountain. Vansittart and Brsqge Bathurst, the onily Cabinet wflnEsters there, voted for at, but l?almerston, who had espressed himself thlat evening pezfectly satiifrrd with the clause which I inserted to remove h objection, was also in the majority. So was Croker, who told Moorshead, in the hearing of my informer, in mnsawertoa question 'How do Goverment vote on this bill? 'Oh, we vote against it.' . . . . . Denman is, I believe, in general, I understooi. to be very Mountainous in his politics, and a good deal connected u'ith P omillv an1 Lod Holland. His abilities are very good, and his speehes at Deri,y are highly sfokel of, but'have been rather inordinately flattered by Rornilly and others during our deb:ates.. .. I cannot understand Brougham; ha Sita 'on theback row, behind the Speaker's chair, and only rheers, and never shows a sympilom of speaking. I upe that it is a way of showing iresnltment at not big e Thr i i a It is sid that Serjeant Copley is a out to be brought in by Covernmneit, which mrakes tha Opposition very indig. naat, as his language in converuation has generally been VIi}igQh, He is exetId to )' a very useful acqtion, Eienwoirs of the Court of Englzand during the kgencwy, 1811-20. FrM originaZ FamiZy Documents By the Duli of Buckihoham and Chaudo; N.G, 2 vols. Hunt and Pvackiett, Lo;.don, 1855 ;and to have gsy1 Ok oi.Uel . . .pal.ri foftnsi¢.<. . The formation of the great i pAy doa not *F. pear to have bce easy, nor were s prlil6pL> popular. " N " syS W. H. Eremant1e,-. "'4ikes a neutrality; i)d if you get one.ormore, itz will be the most; you ar get a fea pectant who would only haser yow." The most importantz personage who mule overtnes fo this connexio.- was the Marquis Wellesley, who.. in a letter of aonle length, exprms3ed his veneatian and:affection for Lord lGrenville, and his desire to cpa'nect himself generally with Lord Grenvilles political friends. ItZ .his magniloquent manner he said, douixtless with5 sincerity,- - I. . " For Lord Gre'rille I have ever entertxhnd, snd sha1 while I retain any spirit of hoart, orpower of uad.rajandiny.9 preerve the most ardent affection, and the most exa!txtdZ feeIags of veneratioiL No Person knoaws him better,perbay6 no person o woell, as I do; ano, uotw?,hsta,adng-:: some c'esional acrimony in ParliAment, no prson- caXM-§ love, respect, or admire bis greet public and pravate cl ;irzacter mor, sincerely and cordially: I lament beyond all the accidenrt of my life the misfortunes which hae sepa- - rated us in public transactions; and I-should rejoice- in any occasion whish might unite u5 in one cause?' The future destIny of the Duke of Welling.toi, who iu 1818 was set free by the Congess of Ax-' 1a-Chapelle, wag nsaturallyn matter of speculation, to. the Greavillites, thongh they appeat to have grossly misconceived the Duk@s aptitudes. PFremantlo says,- a word falls regarding the future destinv of the, duke. He most have some employment; and the retire: ment of Liverpool would not susrpsie- me; t>he only doubt 1I entertain is an his successor. I have always thought the duke would attemptit. I know you d'ffer n this, and 1- knowit would be israin; butstill Ithink-be 0oois to :t, and fancies his name and charcter 'di1 maintait him." Burdett appears to have been. throughout the bets Jire of the Grenville connexion, and they are unanimos in their abuse of "Burdat and his crew.", le gave greiat additional offence;. in 1818, by preferring his fellow-candidate, H4bhoiiae, to Lord John R usselL " It was a mortifying thing to the Russells," says Fremantle, "to' he-ve Hobhouze preferred. The Whigs -had planned, everything in favour of Lord John Russell." The Right Hon. Thomas Grenvrille fulminates also, as folows: "Grenfell told me that all the respectahble prt of the Opposition areso indignant at Burdett setting up Hobhoase that they will vote for 1axwell, if no other-candidate is set up. 'Was there ever anything so degrading. aesn-estin& thc name of Lard J. Russell to the discussion of Burd,tt, Hunt Bruce, nod Einnalrd? This is the greatestindigaity' that I ever recollect to one of the firt Wig.faodi2es in the couatry_" Romilly was another man whom the' Grenville3' classed with the party of the " Mountain"' and for whom, therefore, they had little liking. " we formed," says Wynn, "a sort of connectiing link between the Whigs, the Jacobins, and the' Saints."Of Peel's self-compromising eagerness for' power Charles Wynn takes this estimateso early as 1.19:- "Nee's defection, and taking away withhim.,althose over whom he had influence (even Martin of Calway) were much dwvelt upon; and it was said that, now-he hbd manifested his power, his ambition would never, be easy til he and the Dake of Wellington had establiched an Anti-Catholic Administration, which could only bh met by a general union of all those who supported that ques - tion., As to the gteat third party, just as wve haverbeen informed thatLits prospects were most flourishing,. we find it splitting on the question of the Royal all'ovances, and shortly afterwards the course of eventz appears to attract it more and more within the orbit of the Govermment, till its separate existence becomes scarcely discernible. The movements in Manchester and, other large towns, 'which, lecl to the Manchester "massacre," the terrorism to which it is alleged the better classes in. that town -were snl>jected, and of which there are sonne curious partictulars at page 34, and the generalconfusion, excitement, and alarm throughout the country, had their natural influence, aud the Grensilles, Wellesleys, Wynns, &c., were found warmly supporting Government. Lord Grenviflehad already abandoned forhimself the false position of a nominal leader of an Opposition, to the principal objects of which he was strongly opposed and his followers ended by taking the same direction. In short, we may class themamong the Regent's supporters at the close of the Regency. These volumnes derive their interest so exclusively frorm personal affair3that ithas been thought necessary to illustrate them largely from works so well known asHorner's, Romilly's, and3Eldon's memoirs, the diaries of Lord Malmesbury, of Tom Mocre, and of the timLes of George IV.- Tlo omnploynsouL of such materials within reasonable limits no one, indeed, will cavil at, but there is reason to remark that those limits have been clearly exceeded here. It is a proceeding to be complained of inthe interest of the public, if by such means publishers adA editors make two volumes out of one.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have just received No. 37 of the Bo'lia/ Agricultural Society's Jouwna2, and am inducedito forward you an extract exemplifying accurately the statements and arguments in The Times of Satarday touching the detriment ensuing from the nonenfranchisement of church property. It is frcrs the Prize Report on the Agriculture of Durhacn,hy Thomas George Bell, LL.JX., p. 118-viz.:-.- "The improvements which wre should earnestly seel; in future years may he said to be principally theseo:-1. The enfranchisement of all the church leasehold propnrty. I have received several letters asking me to urge tins on the: attention of aU concerned; and, since wrting the earlier portion of this report, I lave bad a long converiation on the s=bject with a gentleman who farms in the neighbourhood of Gateshead. He tells ine that his farm averages 31.Sl:5s. an acre, the taxes amounting to another U.; aud thatb-nother farm adjoining to his being to let, he was aslked to takeit, and offered 21. an acre, on condition that it should, ba drained. 'lNo,' reulied the. agent immediately, 'Mr. - never will drain thos eleasehold lands.' Here was at once a proof of the injury done to agrimulture in Durham by the existence of this preperty, in which nobody feels possessed of any permanent interest. The lessea has no encouragement to improve; for, though ho possessed a lease, he knevw that, upon his excprding, money oo the property, he would (upon the next re-- newal) have to pay over again for his own improvements ini the shape of an increased fine, fixed from the annual valae of the property after the improvements are added. "In the case just alluded to the lands, being near to a large and rapidly-increasing town, could, on being drained, have been easily raised to the value ofL 41 per acre, and now they cannot be let for 2l. Surely, no further proof is re-- quired of the great advantage hlely to accrue from t.he enfranchisement of this property." I am, Sir, your obedient servant anld acotant reader, A ZEALOUS AGUICUrUk r5i.
A SusE=nGPD FoRlEST.-Visitors to oi= seacoast, says a correspondent, often feel at a loss for a motive to that exertion so favourable to tho acquisition, of the health and strength they came there to seek, and, this is more especially the case 'with the invlid. As one object 'which 'will well repay attention, we may mention. the overthrowzn and submerged fors oE Hartlepool B ay, of the interest connected with 'which very fewv, probabl,> of the numerous visitors to Seaton Carev are acqus:nSed. Tn wavaltng alon- tho beach northwards, when the tide is low, especially at the lowest neap tides, patche3 of a.b'ack colonr me observable at irrogular intervals in the s^nd& These, vhen examined more cdosely, 'will be found to. eonsist of pure vegetable matter, resting on a bed of -clay. They occur more frequently as the observrr p-sses northward ta. the pier of West Hartiepool, and may be seen. rgain at low water at and near the breakwater at Old HartispooL The e2 curious-looking patches form the remains of an ancient forest, which once grew on the spot, 3a .he *riots proceeding from the stump outward anxA nward ihi the clay beneath sufficiently testify-ana the- lack matter of which they are composed is notbing -nore than the; accumulation of along period of the growiL aud decay of under plants, the fall of leaves, twigs, aud, branches, and fiz:lly of the trees themselves, the overtored stems o,f whclh a.y be seen embedded in the peat,. Thw-berver oF natire will be curious to a5certain the ebsznteranda specie; of the trees which whilom spread forth- their branches in this primeval foecst. and npon examination. he will be gratiiEd to find them precisely such as grow ir the woods and forests of the prezent day. The coaks, of considerable siZe, he will find outwardly decayed, bet " heaztwhole," and, by g0od (but ditfcult). mnagement, capable of boing converted into furniture. 'Xhe wood. oE the fir has ahuest disappeared, but, the barL i 'wonaderflly prfec, even in colour. Therm aian is the alder, the plants. of which must have, attained a conskierasLJ size. Thorn also is found inconsiderable quantities, b:.. the most abundant of all probably is the bhael, withl its rindnearlyperfect, while scarely &vesige of the 4'remains. As was to bo ex,pected, among tho decayed mass of 1eafse, &c., the seeds of- many of these plants ccur. SheUs. of the hazelnnt awe-founni in abundance zouzad the root o2 '.he parent pldat5 as they have periodically fwllen t3 the ground. The cupsof acoins, too, -will reward 'ho diiigent seacher, and even the sing wing cases of t1e black tea¶ie may occasionealy be found. Other animalremair.3, such3 as the antlers. and petices of the lskll ai the rol 2eer or hart, togc@her with. the horns of the os'idl other bones, ot yet saaisfaztonily made ot, have alsobeFn disco: vered. It is nc our purposa on the present ozerion ta d3 more than direct the attention of the seaside am'cer ta tLis curious mnatter. To the geologist the axbject, Though. common enongb, will be aways ful of interest, as conwtitutirg one of the estauied fnct of his soenee, and we may recurrtothe interesting evidenceof thisipa futureoppo.- tnity,-Durhcsa A$dsea-iseu- -- His Roval lighness the Du3>:uf Cambrldgo hau left his residence in St J3ames'la.,e for Gordoln Catle. rearFochabers, NorthBritain, onavisitto tbDuke and Ducbess f Rtcbsmond. Hisrloyal:i,-nbness is expacted to rersnie-hiq duties as Geneal- Co;aamSjad0 -it-hi 112E Ho 1e Gu54 Co:Friday leEt
ZORD0H.4O F'UESDAY, SEPTEMBEB 2, 15. The public Upeaket-nd writers in the United States not unfrequently indulge their humorous and sarcastic vein at the expense of the old European co#tzies. On this side of the Atlantic we are a set df slaves, crouchiug before the ftixa bold adventurer who may possess the nerve and the will to shoot us down, or, still more com3ncui:y, cowering before the nameless terrors of a Monarch's frown. In the great Federation which has been cre;Aed by wise heads and strong arms in the States of North America anything like a breach in the Constitution is absolutely out of the question. The people can protec1; the peep!e's patrimony, even if a transitory discord should pervade the relations between +he legislative and ,eaecutivo powors. A Parisian 2d of December is unintelligible to the minds of Americans ; as little can they sympathize with our troubies in England when the conliecting passions anld interfats of the various classes in society aEppear to threaten danger to the public peace. Were we inclined to recriminate we might point to events which have just occurred at Washington, and show that the machine of government mnay be deranged even when the form of government is purely republican. The dissension between the House of Representatives and the Senate-or rather between the House of Representatives on the one hand and the Senate and the PRESIDENT on the other-had at the last dates arrived at such a point that Congress sep&rated, having, as we should say, refused the supplies. According to the phraseology of the American Legislature, the Army Appropriation Bill was disallowed. The old bone of contention, Eansas, was the cause of al the mischief. The statesmen whose object it has been throughout to convert Kansas into a slave State had contrived to avoid aL decision adverse to their views throughout the protracted session. There could be no doubt that the Executive Power, urged on by the slaveholding, interest, would have taken time by the forelock during the recess, and have so saturated Kansas with the spirit and elements of slavery that the attempt to wash out the taint at a later period wculd have been hopeless. As the House of Representatives could not obtain a satisfactory settlementt of this question during the session, they resolved to tack on as riders to their money-bils provisos which ferbade the use of the national military force in the territory of Kansas for any other purpose than that of preserving the public tranquillity. They provided, moreover, in specific terms that no part of the armned force of the nation should be employed in aid of the enactments of the alleged Legislative Assembly of that territory. Finally, the PRESIDENT was required to disarm the present organized militia of Kansas, and to command the instant return of all the arms which had been supplied from the national stores to that force. Short of the acceptance of these provisos by the Senate and the PREsrnDET the Army Estimates were refused. The Senate docked off the provisos and returned the bill tothe Lover House. The Lower House tacked them on again and returned the bill. This game of Legislative battledore and shuttlecock was continued for a certain time, until the proceeding had degenerated into a farce. The Representatives remained firm, time pressed, and thus, notwithstanding repeated conferences, and many effolts upon the part of the Senate to arrive at a solution without the adoption of the odious provisos, the bill was dropped, and Congress separated for the recess. Thus, then, during the remainder of his office, Mr. PIERCE was left to carry on the businesa of the country, and to guard the soil of the United States from intestine violence and foreign invasion, without the assistance of any armed force. The soldiers, to be sure, were there; but there was no means for paying them. The representatives of the nation were thus fairly committed to a contest with the Senate and the PREsIDENT, and had given pretty clear evidence of their intention to fight the contest out c 2ocndrance. The PuEsrDENT on his side has convened an extraordinary mleeting of Congress, which is to be assembled almost within a few hours of the prorogation. Opinions of course run high on one side antl thl other at Wa±bidngtou. On the one han,l high admiration is expressed for the firm and dignified attitude of the anti-slavery party in the Lower House. In withdrawing the Kansas amendments upon previous measiues on the faith of the PREssnr.s's promise that he would do something satisfactory in the matter, it is contended that they had conceded enough, atnd somewhat more than enough. In the face of his alleged want of faith, it would have been madness, it is said, to leave him for a season in possession of uncontrolled power with the whole military force of i;he country at his disposal. The consequencea raight be readily foreseen. When Congress met again the rerritory wrould be fairly within the gripe of the Southern slaveowners, which would be an enormous evil in itself, ancd would, moreover, be a stepping-stone to future aggressions of a like kind. In a word, the battle of slavery or freedom hunag upon t'he issue of Kansas, and therefere the Representatives were right in straining to the utmost, when all other means had failed, every resource which the Constitution had placed in their power in order to avoid so unfortunate an event. On the other sids it was contended that this was an unfair and unconstitutional attempt upon, the part of a small majority in the House of' Representatives to control the action of the two co-ordinate branches of the Legislature upon a collateral point. It would have been well enough to take a decision upon the Kansas difficulty, and to rest contented with that, whatever it might be. It was wrong, when that question was decided in one sense virtualDy by two branches of the Legislature against one, for the dissentient to throw the whole machinery of State out of gear by depriving the whole country of military protection. The Senate and PRESIDENT were caUled upon to swallow, against their sense and their views of justice and propriety, an obnoxious policy with regard to a parti. cular State, or else the whole armed force of the State was turned loose upon society, and the territory of the United States, from Mlaine to Florida, left without guasrd or protection. The policy, too, which was involved in the provisos of the Army Appropriation Bill was no slight matter, for it involved. and at no very distant date, the fortunes of well-nigh one-half of the community. Was this a point to be disposed of by a side-wind ? Was the whole question of the existence of negro slavery in the United States to be disposed of by a rider to a money bill ? In our own country a difficulty of this sort would be got rid of in one or other of two or three ways. In the course of a very few days the Ministers who supported the policy adverse to the opinion of the majority of the Houise of Commons would be ousted from power, and replaced by successors who would be willing to carry out the policy of that majority. In the United States there does not appear to exist any such featherbed to ease the shock when a con-fict arises betVeen the President and a majority of the popular assembly. The President is King and Premier at the same time. The case is certainly one which might have arisen on our own aide of the Atlantic, although the moderation-in action, if not in words-of English statesmen and Parliament men haLs hitherto guarded us from any such extremity. it is a happy incident of a very extreme measure that it has an inherent tendency to shorten its own existence. The United States of America cannot be left without military defence-that is clear enough; and therefore one side or the other must give way; or, as is more probable, both will relax somewhat from t'neir pretensions. We fllly expect to hear by next mail that the difference has been settled, or the difficulty postponed in one way or another. Still it is impossible not to see that here is a precedent which may one day lead to strange results. It has long been foretold that gentlemen who own negroes, and gentlemen who don't own negroes, will not be able to keep houso together in the long run. Is this the beginning of the end? For onuselves, we have no further wish upon the matter than to see the citizens of the United States adopt that courze which, upon the whole, may be best calculated to promote the permanent interests of the country. If every acre in the United States were covered with a thriving and happy population, the better pleased should we be.
The last accounts from Nicaragua represent WALKER's situation as highly critical. Deserted by all but his own troop of Filibusters, he seems to be about to exemplify the lot of that class of adventurers who can gain, but cannot keep. With the intrepidity, vehemence, and dash which could get possession of a position, he seems to have been wanting in all the arts of regular statesmanship, and to have forgotten that the retention of power reqwred a very different line of action and exhibition of temper from that which was suited for obtaining it. The instant he had gained his position and was President of Nicaragua, he ought to have turned over a new leaf, to have put off the military bravo and become the civil magistrate, and to have shown himself alive to the advantages of social order and peace. But this is a transition which inferior adventurers cannot make. We have in a near neighbour a remarkable instance of such a transition, but even in his case it is one of the most powerful traits of a powerful mind. The common order of adventurers cannot exert this self-cormand, stop themselves aU at once in the rmidst of their impetus, and attain a complete balance in the very contrary direction in which they were previously going. The common adventurer has no idea but of going on as he began, and does not see the proper point for change; he continues the impetus and dash of his first assault, and when become a civil ruler acts as he did when he was amilitary invader; he is a one-sided personage, and wants that fertility of nmnd, that flexibility and capacity of accommodating himself to changing circumstances, which is the sign of trae power. WALKER appears to have behaved as President of Nicaragua very much as he did as its invader-to have carried the military bravo into the functions of the civil magistrate, and to have alienated the affections of the Nicaraguans by lawless, cruel, and volatile acts. If we are to believe rumour, he indulges in new schemes for breaking fresh ground, in the absence of proper power for keeping his old one, and shows that attack is his fornte and his real pleasure, rather than the use of the position got. The Filibuster does not get beyond this point; he is a robber, and not a conqueror. WA.REE. was described on the first dawn of success as a hero, the regenerator of Central America, and the introducer of Anglo-Saxon union, order, law, and prosperity into regions hitherto torn by faction and weakened by division into petty States. Ee had every advantage thst Government favour in the 'United States could give him. At the very time that AIr. Cu7SrnNG's sensitiveness to the duty of a neutral Power vras piohibiting all zotice even of recruiting for the British service in the United States WAXERI'S recruits, in defiance of the protest of the Nicaragaan Minister, marched to their ships with bands of music and all the military pomp and show that could be mustered. On the very first appearance of success his Government was acknowledged by the United States, who received his envoy as the true representative of Nicaragua, against the strong remonstrance of the Nicaraguan Minister. But all this success and all this assistacnco from tho ho-no Government do not seem to have been able to prop up his position and save it from the effects of his own levity, lawlessness, and want of capacity for the peaceful administration of a country. With twelve hundred followers he has to oppose Rivhs with an army of three thousand, as well as the joint invading forces of Honduras and Guatemala. The fear of Anglo-Saxon conquest seems to have united Central America, while the specimen of a Filibustering Government which WALmxa's Administration has exhibited, the effects of which appear in the greatest pecuniary distress, and in the suspension of all business throughout the State, has alienated the Nicaraguans. If these accounts be correct, the Uirted States' Government must begin to feel that it hardly acted with suitable dignity in its precipitate recognition of Wirxu's Government. Mere temporary success is not sufficient surely to constitute the established Government of a country, and no Government ought to be recog,ized but an established Government,-one which presents some appearance of stability and domestication. The Government of this country has acted with more discretion in waifing as it has done to see the issue. It has thus, in all probability, saved itself the trouble of recognizing and disowning again. We may congratulate ourselves, too, in the event of WALKEn's downfall, on the probable removal of what would have been an obstacle to the settlement of the Central American dispute. The scheme of arrangement which we long since described has made some progress since we last referred to this subject; and, if we are not misinformed, a treaty between Great Britain, the 'United States, and Honduras, which will remove several of the principal difficulties, has been already signed. It is of the highest importance, then, for the satisfactory settlement of this whole question, that the other States of Central America should exhibit an amicable and reasonable spirit. WAnxEx'S Government, founded upon the strongest antiEnglish feeling, would have been able, perhaps, to raise obstructions, and set the current of feeling against us. As it is, with the hope we have of the restoration of a Government with which we can treat in Nicaragua, we may look forward to an early and satisfactory settlement of the whole dispute.
An immediate result of the successful enterprise of O'Do .*ELL in Spain was the disbandment of the National Guard. We cannot, incdeed, judge with accuracy what feelmigs were called up in Spain by each detail of this military Minister's exploits. Spanish ways are not as ours, and the people of Mladrid may form judgments widely differing from those of Englishmen or of the world in general. But we think the dissolution of the civic force in the capital and elsewhere by no means the worst of O'Doz s's misdeeds. There is probably nothing to be said against the Spanish National Guard in particular; nay, from the past history of the country we may well imagine that such volunteer soldiers would be more on an equality with regular troops there than in more settled, business-loving, and prosperous cou 'ries. But it may be doubted whether tlli particular continental institution of a National Guard, the offspring of the revolutionary epoch, and of that imitation of France which marks the second-rate States of Europe, has in any country produced the good effects which, liberal politicians and orators predicted. We English had in the old times our trainbands and yeomanry, which were useful enough, partly because in this country we manage to muake everything, however faulty in conception, work pretty well, and partly because there va2 then no regular army of great force, difering from and despising the volunteer levies. We have still a militia, but this is in reality a honme army, commanded by officers duly appointed, and con- Isisting of men of the same class wh[ich furnishes recruits for the line. The United States, too, have their militia, of groat ,numerical strength, which, no doubt, would do good service in case of invasion by any foreign foe. But the National Guard of a continental country is an establishment of another kind. It in professedly a political institution; it is organized, not against stranger enemies, but against every domestic power which is supposed capable of subverting a certain guaranteed state of things-against the Crown, against overthrown dynasties, against the aristocracy, the rabble, or the army itself. It is, in fact, essentially a pnetorian band, not, indeed, attached to the Sovereign, but acting in the name of the State, or of Liberty, or some other watchword, claiming to interfere at every political criss, and to be heard in every Ministerial dilemma. it is a kind of Vigilance Committee, affecting to watch over dishonest statesmen, headstrong Generals, and unquiet. mobs. As a rule, it has done all this ill, interfering without judgment. and yielding in the end without dignity. Throughout the continent there exists no small jealousy of the class which we call citizens, and of which the National Guards have been generally composed; and crowned heads have generaLly been astute enough to feel that they might treat the shopkeeping regiments somewhat cavalierly wvithout raising the indignation of the army or the mob. Hence this force has had to suffer many indignities in various parts of Europe, and now we see it extinguished in a land where it has played a part in some half-dozen revolutions. In fact, a National Guard as organized in France or Spain never could rid itself of the illfame derived from the violence and imposture which marked its origin. In the enthusiasm of a successful insurrection, or in the terror of its promoters lest it should go too far, a volunteer guard is established, to defend the new order of tlings from enemies of every kind. The first levy is far from having a merely civic character. Every adventurer who bore a part in the plot, every desperado who took his stand at a barricade, expects a place according to his merits or station. But the real leaders of the movement, anxious, as is natural, for tranquillity after their success, take care that the National Guard shall be mainly composed of the class -which is never very forward in any revolutions. On the other hand, these, conscioIIs of having been not very active in the fray, desire to make a cheap show of devotion to the rising cause. In continental language, they maake haste to " acept the situation" by forming themselves into a body for the defence of the new dynasty, or the new Republic, as the casLe mnay be. As time rolls on it is found expedient to get rid of the heroes of the barricades, and the men who have risen to power by the contest readily assist in gradually removing them, sometimes openly, sometimes by the introduction of costly uniforms, sometimes by establishing a qualification of property or domicile. The result is that the force in the end consists of a class above all others averse from fighting, though not indisposed to add to its consequence by a little military display and the assertion of a right to armed interference whenever the course of events shall demand it. In these days of disciplined armies and banded mobs, however, such fathers of families make but a sorry show in actual combat. Whatever can be done by " a demonstration" they will do. They are excellent at every kind of harmless pata-otic display. They will " fraternize" with the soldiers or the people, or declare the country in danger, or invite somebody to save it, or resolve that such or such a man has deserved well of humanity, or is the enemy of the human race. But they vill not fight. The only occasion on which such a body has been known to exhibit courage was in June, 1848, when the National Guard stood by CAvAiGNAc in his terrible struggle against the Communistic mob of Paris. But then they were merely the supporters of the soldiers, and were far less conspicuous for valour than the Garde Mlobile, consisting of young labourers and artisans, subjected during a very short period to discipline. Since then they have faUen in Paris without a struggle, and seemingly without regret on the part of the Parisians. Scarcely had their old organization been suppressed than half the theatres of the capital were making merny at the catastrophe. There still, indeed, exists what is called a Nqational Guard, but it has abdicated all its old functions, and now thinks of nothing so little as of actual military senrice. In fact, the continental National Guards have not only fallen short of the conception on wldch they were instituted, but have acted in a manner directly contrary to the hopes of their founders. They have been always active in the wrong place, and sluggish in the wrong place. The principle on which such a force is established is that it should be the defence of Government and society in the last resort,-not that it should interfere inthe daily working of the State machine. Yet, though the National Guards have always faltered at any critical moment, though they have shrunk in the hour of danger, though they have been always ready to yield and compromise, to endorse the title or swell the triumph of any bold and successful schemer, they have never ceased to be troublesomely courageous in time of profound quiet. The existence of such an armed body, deliberating, debating, and voting in a capital, has been an embarrassment to every Government which has been honest enough to respect it. it is precisely the best-intentioned rulers who have suffered most from this military beurgeoisie, which has proved itself formidable only to the cause of quiet deliberation and honest popular rule. We cannot, therefore, wonder that in Spain, as elsewhere, the National Guard has been dissolved without muich sympathy on the part of the people. The institution is evidently a failure.
A list has just been published of all' the divisions that took place in the House of Conimons during the last session, the nmber of members that voted on each occasion, together witb. a statement of the time when the divisions took place, whether before or after midnight. In all there were 98 divisions, in 147 of which the House came to its decision before midnight, and in 96 of which the Noes carried it. Supply, of course, raised the greatest amount of opposition, there being 35 cases in which a vote was taken either in the committee or on the proposal to go into committee, and supply being stoppied in some 22 out of these. The Cambridge UTniversity Bill was that which, after the voting of money, created the greatest amount of opposition, the House having divided on the clauses of this measnre not less than 17 times. After this comes the Police Bill, which gave rise to nine divisions. Finally, with regard to motions for adjoumment, it appears that, notwithstanding the frequency with whicl the proposal was made, the sense of the House was taken on it by a vote not more than 117 times; and with regard to the numbers who voted, it appears that while on one occasion--namely, that of the Kars debate-the votes were 508, and more than once, as in the instance of the Judges and CganceUros Bi, they sank as low as 58, the general average was little more than 130. These are the dry facts, and we shal bo asked, what do they imply.?-what is the use of them t In sober truth, many of them mean nothingat all. With aU our re_pect for statistical inrormation, we do not believe it in every case to be infallible, and in many cases it is imfpouible to believe that it is of the slightest value. The country is xpending an enormous sum every year on the publication of evidwnce and returns, a large proport:on of which is of no earthly use, except for the butterman and the trunkmaker. hA cDsiderable portion of the return now published at the request of Mr. BnoTERTozrois of this character. There may be a chosen few throughout the country who can make something out of tie eircumstance that 51 divisions took place after. midnight during last session. It is, indeed, a little domestic fact, which we can conceive to be of immrtense importance in some few households where, far a-way in their provincial retreat, young ladies thinl; of " poor dear papa" toiling for the good of his country and to the injury of his health, in order to make laws that shall last for ever. To the public, however, the an, nouncement is insipid and unsatisfactory. To our mind it is just as important as a symptom of legislation to know whIether the divisions took place before or after dinner as to be told whe'ther they took place before or after midnight. The stroLe of the bell at midnight has no such electrical effect upon maniind as the sound of the dinner gong. If the House of Commons is to be considered as a machine, and we are to have curious statistics with regard ,o its physiology, then by all means let these statistics be something worth possessing. Tn some Oriental countries the physician is lloowed only to see the hand of his patient, presented to him through an aperture. He must ask no questions, but he may do what he pleases with the hand, feel it, pinch it, look at it, only he must in this way find out the malady and devise a cure. Now, that is what Mr. BRoTorToN seems to be doing. He conceives sitting up after midnight to be bad for legislation, and he calls for a return of all the divisions that took place after 12 o'clock. He ought to go much further, for some persons also believe that our present hour of dining is a bad one, and ought either to be very much later or very much earlier; and, if we must descendto such details, they ought at least to be complete. NAroLFOJN lost a battle in a fit of indigestion; PIr used to drink port wine in tumblers before he was fit for the business of the evening. If DMn. BRoTrToxo will be consistent, he ought to enter into all such details, do the thing thoroughly, and let us know Lhow the divisions were influenced by the dinner-hour, and, if possible, how the bills of fare told on the Parliamentory bUls. To inform us only of the number of divisions that took place after midnight is of as smaU account in the diagnosis of legislation as the hand thrust out for the Oriental physician wouldbe in the detection of the patient's state of health. If there was anything like a Parliamentary Opposition in existence, a summary of the divisions mightbe of use as an index of thevitality oftheparty, and one would have the same Iind of interest in examining such a paper that we have now in reading the results of a game at cricket. In the present disruption of parties, however, we lose even this satisfaction, =rd with the lull in our politics we are not even likely to hear of some patriotic elector rising up at a public meeting to call his representative to t-isk for his absence from certain divisions, for his neglect of the Nawab of SuRAT, and for his vote on the Ballot. The one general fact contained in these returns which is worth remembering is the smallness of the numbers in these divisions, the average muster being 132. This number is probably smaler than usual, in consequence of the disorganization of parties and the impossibility of a really effective c"whip ;" but, such as it is, it gives some indication of the woreing order of the House. Great complaints have been made of the amount of debate and the obstruction to business. M3any schemes, too, have been suggested for the greater despateh of legislation. Some would divide the House into committees, and some even propose to enlarge the House by adding to the constituencies. The numbers we have quoted as forming the average of the division list will help the public in coming to a decision on this matter. But whatever decision is formed it must be in keeping with the maxim of Lord BAcoN0, "There " be thrce parts of business-the preparation,. the " debate or examination, and the perfection; "whereof, if you look for despatch, let the " middle only be the work of many, and the first "and last the work Of few." But of these three the preparation is the most important, and if that is well managed there will be less room for debate.
COUBT CfR0ULAA? BA.L1MORLT, AUG. 31. Her Majesty the queen and the Prince Consort left Holyrood Palace yesterday morning at a quarter before 9 o'cock. They were accompanied by their Royal High. nesses the Princess Royal, Princess Alice, Princess Helens, and Princess Louisa, and Prince Alfred. There were in attendance the 3larchioness of Ely, the Hon. mry Seymour, the Earl of Clarendon joG the Hon. C. Grey, Colonel the Hlon. (I. !P?him, Sir J. Clark, and Lieutenant CowelL The Royal party proceeded to St. Margaret's station, escorted by a party of tho 5th Dra.goon Guards. M~ajor, General viscount Melville rode by the Queen's carriage. Mr. Sheriff Gordon was also in attendnee. Her Majesty, the Prince, and the rest of the Royal family and suite having entered the railway carnhges, the train proceeded to Eanchory, where luncheon was provided. prom Banchory the journey was performed in the Royal carriages, which were in waitin at bchorY Her Majesty arrived at Balmoral Castle at a quarter before 7 o'clock. Her Majesty and the Pince, with the Princess Roya' and Prince Alfred, paid a visit en route to her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent at Abergeldie Castle. Major-General Viscount IfMelville, Mr. Sheriff Gordon, Lieutenant-Colonel M3Mahon, commanding the 5thDragoon Guards, and Lieutenant-Colonel Kellv, commanding the 34th Regiment, had the honour of dining with Her Mijesty Desnatches were received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Governors of the West India Islands.
PBtNCESS'S THEATBE. Ilays have their fwahiou, like cots and bo:ae*s Yxea ago, not to have been familiar -with Sheridans Tersion of Kotzebue's " Spaniards in Perua" called "44izarr," woPwahave proved the nzi plugi udrn of dramatic inexperMsO.. Urchins who were now and then taken to the play for a treat mnew, as a matter of course, that Pinarro Ns S- demon of unmitigatea wickkdne%, and Bolia an ncAr.- nation of virtue, aud many wre the cheap teli gravinge that recorded how the latter was barbtously soet in saving a clild from the clutches of the former. In fact, a huge Rolla, holding. a very minue infant almost within the palm of his hand, was one of those figure familiar in the portfolio and on the chimmey-piece, that mltimately included in their ranks "Don Giovanni," "Tom and Jerry," "Paul P;ry," And tha "FIglia del Reggimento." - But with thing.- that lead the fashion it is a eonumot fafeto go ouLt of fashion altogether. Pizarro is not an intl. mate acquaintance of any one among the rising (or even recently risen) generiation, save those 'who have red Mr.Prescott's history of theconquest of 'ern ; and as for Rolla, that bright specimen of native American chivalry, who has no historical basis to stand upon, wo fear that to young persons he is scarcely so much as a mame. Hence' the revivil of Pizarro, with which Mr. Kean signalizea his re-opening of the Princess's Theatre last night, had about it some of that Eolemn importance which attends the dise4. tombment of an ancient monarch. As one might be anxious to see the embalmed Cheops, so people reAluy wishe to learn what Pizarro was like. Had Kotzebue's bright creation. asEnglished by Sheridan, been merely presented to the public gaze as an unroIled mummy, without any new vestments, we may reasonably douabt whether the admiration of the spectators would hav,e been proportionate to tihe increseo of their kMowledgeReverence is not a characteristic of this age, and possibly not a few Eght-minded individuals might be found who wouald rather smile than gasp at the high-sounding re. partees of Orozembo, wlho would sneer at the pretty coa. jugadialogue botween Alonzo and Cor, wha7 wold oleti. nately refuse to drop:a tear ever the sorrows of the nsfme less Spanish sentinel, with a wife and four cil;dren across the Atlantic, and who would even remain unterrified by that perfection of dramatic "bogies," Pizarro himself. But, thanks to the patronage~of r. Charles Kean, it is not as a mere unadorned carcase that Pizarro comes once more befere the public eye. Even 3S the sun that sets in a fog may rise in a clear sky, so does the old tale of Spanish cruelty and Peruvian patriotism gpt un a great deal bstter than it -went down. The melodraum-for such it really is, and no more-is made a vehicle for that i2abo. rate historical illustration in which Mr. Kean so much excels; and just as in former seasons he has tak-en us back to the baronial ages, the Tudor times, the Assyrian erm, and the period of the highest Greek civilization, so he now pre. sents us with a glowing picture of Peruia&n life, such as it was in the days of the Spanish conquerors. To afford room for the illustrative tabeaux some of the dialogue is omitted, but few, we usspect, will grumble at this cur. tailment. The most important omission is that of the death of Pizarro, and this not only gets rid of an ineffective scene, but it renders the play more true to history-smce Pizarro did not die as recorded inthe original piece. The decorations of the new " revival" are in a style of splendour completely novel. We are placed among a people who worship the Sun, and with whom gold is a mere common ma:erial, and there is something golden and sunny about all the scenes and groups. The Temple of the Solar Deity -was always a great feature in the old days cf 'i-zrro, and it is now made more glorious than ever, wihile the effect of the rising luminary is most ingenioumly cone trived. However, it is stiU exceeded by an interpolated wcene representing the " Great square of the city" (Cuzco) during the festiv-l of Raymi. Here the stage is completely fdlle& with a multitude of Peruvians, .ttired in gorgeons and fantastic dIresses, who greet the sun as he gradually appears s'bove the horizon, tinting the summits of the edifices, first with red, then 'with 'white, till the whole scene becomes one blaze of lustre, sparkling from innumerable golden imple. ments and jewelled garments. A dance by girls dressed as Peruvian warriors will bear comparison with the Pyrrhic dance in the T'sntlce Tefa, and for the Dionysian festival in Bithynia we may almost find a parallel in the riotous leaping with which the ceremony concludes, and which is rendered mnore strange by the heads of brutes placed on some of the figures. The landscapes are as beautiful in their kind as these representations of Peruvian pageantry. The " gardens of the Royal palace," in which the foremost beds are set with golden plants, shaded by golden trees, slope up a hill-side n most picturesque diversity. The mountainouF scene in which' Eola effec'tstherescueof the childisamasterpiece ofrot'kand torrent, and, moreover, allows a terrific leap across a chusra to le sabstitutedfor the traditionalrun across a bridge. NIorare the European peculiarities less studied than those of Peru. The old firelocl and the steel cap recall a class of wrlriora very different from those conventional Spaniards weho so long held possession of the stage. T'he play, thoUgh its literary merit is but slight, ab3ounds with dramatic situations; and, that these mav have their fall value, the cast is as strong as possible. xr. Charles Rean allows himself to become the chivalric Rolla, and loud is the applause awakened by his virtuous xrath. Mrs. C. Kean is Elvira-that most tremendous of Viragosand hurls her anathemas at Pizarro's head with a concentrated force, that such a salwart representative of the. tyrant as MIr. Ryder could alone hear undemolished. 3a. Cooper, wRith manifess gusto, rolls ,orth the large Words of Orozembo, and Mi-s Heath spares no exertion to embody the frantic woes of Cora. Everybody last night seemed resolved to make the dialogue tel as well as it could, and with so much spirit wer, the wordcs delivered and the action carried on, that even the old claptrap sentiments of another age were hailed vith vehement delight, and the audience, besidesthoeusaltestimonies of honouratthe fall of the curtain, and an extra call for Mr. Kean after the second' act, gave evident demonstrations of interest in the play as well as of admiraton at the pageant. The house was crowded in every part, althoughyecierday was the 1st of September.
ZB BC02RrRCN2TSSANCB INTO TEE DOBBUDSCHA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-Iu the speech delivered by the arl of Cardigan on Saturday last, on the occasion of the presentation of a sword to his Lordship by his York-. shire admirers his Lordship is reported to have complained of certain criticisms which had been passed on his conduct of a reconnaissance into the Dobrudscha at the commencement of the late war; and to have declared that the alleged mortaliity among the horses of the detachment which he led on that occasion had been grossly exaggerated. If there has been any exaggeration in the matter, it may be well to remind Lord Cardigan of the source from which that exageration emanates. Lieutenant-General the iEarl of Lucan, who wa3 Commander-in-Chief of the British cavalry in Bulgaria at the time Lord Cardigans reconnaissance took place, distinctly stated before the Sebastopol Committee that none of the horses engaged in it had recovered sufficiently to do duty in the ranks again. In the defence, or rather explanation, which Lord Cardigan made beforo the Chelsea Commission he argued that it was impossible that he could have brought back his detachment in the deplorable state in which it was said to have rejoined the army, inasmuch sa the horses of the Light Division had been admitted by Lord -ucan, at a review which took place subsequent to his return, to have been in -very fair condition. But if, as Lord Lucani has stated, none of the animas -which perfcrmed the march into the Dobradscha, under Lord Cardigan, ever appeared again in the ranks, it is clear that anv compli. mentary remarks which might have been made on other animlshich hadnot been inthe Dobrudasch with Lord Cardigan could not by any possibility apply to the former. As Lord Cardigan is at the present momnent In. spector-General of the British Cavalry, and as iti future efficiency entirely denends on his intellence, discretion, and fitness for that office, it is g<ood Xth these circumstanlces shoulldnot befonrotten. 3EMOR.
THE UYITED STATES. (F'ROar aima SPECIAL COESPMONDE-i.). WASEINGTON. AUG. 19. The ordinary se_sion of this the 34th Congress of the PItepublic terminated yesterday at noon. Having been assembled for eight months, both Houses wera Ve;y willing to disperse. Some members had 2deually leit, and to-morrow would have Been most ID them on the wing; but a higher power interVened, and laid an embargo on them. They had =eirely quitted the Capitol when a proclamation Erom the President convened them for an ExLra session, to commence on the 21st. In 1i}s session an imaportant memaurs is to be reconlderred, the vote of money for the supporb of the 11my; it had been refused by the House of RepreSteLtatives, and the attempts to effect an understandIng were yesterday cut short by the arrival of the hour of adjournment. This is of course a serious embarrassment to the Executive, and the official sunmmons to an extra session was forced from it by aicessity. Rather unwillingly the members return Immediately fo their desks; the break-up has not been the prelude to a holyday. This sudden stOp on Ehe part of the CGovernment, though quite constituilonal, surprised the members, as if it had been a kind of collp dJbat. The causes of this act of State necessity are, briefly, these :-The conflict between free labour and slavery in the territory of Kansas has required the interference of the Federal Executive; its troops have, by order of the central authorities, suppressed the free Iegislature there, or Pimvented its assembling, and otherwise aided the rival body of the pro-slavery settlers. To check this course of action on the part of the central power, which would inevitably make Kans a slave State, the representatives of the Worth determined to " stop the supplies" till many grievances springing from this conflict were remedied. To several money bills, or appropriations for the civil and judicial services, they added " riders," or amendments, defining the conditions on which the funds were granted-conditions, of course, favourable to the Free-soil interest. To the Appropriation Bi11 for the Army, involving many millions, they appended a similar clause. After much negotiation and many conferences between House and Senate In the last few days, with some concession on both sides, the amendments to the Civil Supply Bills were abandoned by the House; but to that added to the Army Bill the mnembers adhered firmly; in the words of one hon. gentleman, they would not pay for "powder to ahoot and halters to bang"' the free immigrants from the northern States into that unhappy territory. Through the long day and night session of the 16th the Conferences went on, no agreement being possible; many other bills passed and money was voted freely enough, but not the ArmyEstimates. The Senate struck out the conditional clause; the House restored it, and the biU went back with the fatal appendix to it, the " black rider," as it is termed, sticking as closely as the dark trouble behind the horseman of Horace. Could the ConTerences of Sunday have obtained peace anid concord, it would have been a workbefitting the Sabbath; but theydidcnot. TChe attempts of yesterdayequalyfailed. At the last moment, both in the House and Senate, it was proposed 4o extend the sitting till 2 o'clock, in the hope of coming to an understanding ; but, during the discussion in the House on this point, the clock striking noon put an end to all debate, and both Chambers stood adjourned, the Executive twelve millions short of its supplies, and the power that could alone vote them dispersing to all the winds. So the proclamation from the White House was suddenly launched, and in the extra session now ensuing the dispute has, if possible, to be settled. The measure is a very unusual one, and only adopted on great emergencies-a fact which eufficiently proves how deep and strong are I the conflicting passions the terrible question of | Slavery has infused into Federal politics.I Though the President, the Senate, and the Congress we all elected powers, yet here is a collision similar in principle to those which have occurred where hereditary monarchs stretched their prerogative too far, and provoked the resistance of the purse, themost inconvenientforman Opposition can assume. The President alleges in his proclamation the peril the country is exposed to on various points of its immense territory from the Indians, with whom a fitful war is actually waging, and other dangers to the public peace, as the urgent reasons why the military force should not be exposed to the risk of idisorganization. Many years-a whole generation, I believe-have elapsed since this power was exerclsed by the chief authority. The following is the official document:- "By THE PRESIDZST OF THE 1U2mD STATES OF AaxxrcA. "A PrRoCL~&ATIoN. "Whereas, while hostilities exist with various Indian tribes on the remote frontiers of the United States, and while in other respects the public peace is seriously threatened, Congress has adjourned without granting necessary supplies for the army, depriving the Executive of the power to perform his daty in relntion to the common defence and security, and an extraordinary occasion has thus arisen for sssembling the two Houses of Congress; I do therefore, by this my proclamation, convene the said Houses to meet at the Capitol, in the city of Washington, on Thursday, the 21st day of August inst.; hereby requiring the respective senators and representatives then and there to assemble, to consult and determine on such measures as the state of the Union may seem to require. "In testimony whereof I have caused the seal of the United States to be hereunto affixed, and signed the same with my hand. "Done at the city of Washington, the 18th day of August, in the year of our Lord 1856, and the independencea of the United States the 81st. "' FRANKLIN PIERCE. " By order, W. L. MARcy, Secretary of State." As this is one of the blank days between the two Sessions, nothing is to be ascertained but mises and speculations; on the whole, the probabilities are in favour of an understanding. There would have been less hurry and despatch of business in the night sitting that virtually ended the Session just e.xpired had it been foreseen that the indefinite term of another was so near. And that would have been almost a pity, for there was a good deal of scenic interest in it. The race of legislation, accelerated for some time past, became a perfect rush, and the work of weeks was disposed of in minutes; all the powers were highly condensed and in rapid action. If law were administered with a fiftieth of the speed with which it can be made, a Chancery suit that lasted a week would be thought slow. I hope no mistakes happened; but should it be discovered that asme bills were passed twice over to balance others not passed at all few of the spectators would be surprised. To the | outsiders it looked very like confusion; but perhaps it was more in appearance than reality. The committees and leaders have the threads in hand, and the Speaker, Itr. Banks, was cool, watchful, and self-possessed, the model of a presiding officer. The public galleries rsere filled to suffocation, though no party or " campaign" speeches were expected-the time for oratory had passed; it was all clear and quick voiing. Above all, the ladies had gathered in im- memse force, and their gallery was one vast flutter I of fans. Considering the state of the thermometer snd the working day parterre of gentlemen they looked down on, their presence in such numbers w7as something of a riddle. The rotunda, which divides the "House" firom the Senate, wa3 the gssnd promenade of the night, and would have been almost gay but for the serious, basiness-like look of tnh men-the expresion seen on 'Change when the furds are capricious and quot?Mooii Suctuating* Mfany eager faces flitted about inL the gaslight, arrested. by nothing of art or nature round tlaem; others took matters more coolly, smoling the time away, having a private understanding with destiny that made them safe. Outside, the rays of a bright Eouthern moon fell on the white marble pDrt co and terrace, a welcome retreat from the ovenlize atmosphere within, whence you looked far througgh the summer night, over the mingling foliage and roofs of the well-wooded city, to the broad belt of river beyond it; below, cariages dashed up and departed, with a louderrattlethan at noon; wshile in the foreground gleamed the statue of Washirngton, directly facing the windows of the Capitol, blazing with light at those unusual hours. He holds his right hand aloft, in admonitien-perhapsto eonomy, for the member-s have just voted themselves an increase of pay, and the " appropriations' of this session amount to sgme $70,000,000. This is in hard money; but if the value of the lands grantel to railway companies is included, that sum, it is asserted, might be neaely doubled. In fact, the Govermnent of the United States is in a singular-amongthe Governments of the world, the very singular-position of being embarrassed by riches. It could easily pay off its debt, but its bondholders will not sell, and the Treasury is offering premiums of 10 and 16 per cent, for the sarrender of its own certificates. If creditors willuot be paid off, what can be done? The Federal revenue increases far beyond the demands of the exclusively Federal expenditure; it is at this moment rising to a larger amount than ever, from the enormous imports Europe is pouring in through the Customs. This pleasing fact is perfectly well known; and there is no lack of speculators upon it, quite prepared to relieve Uncle Sam of any inconvenient superfluity, boldly maintaining that depletion in such a case is a work of charity. The question is how the Exchequer can be got at constitutionally. Increase of pay to officials whose salaries were fixed in simpler and cheaper times ; magnificent public works, new public offices on the grandest scale, new wings and a towering dome to the Capitol, till the official portion of Washington i5 wholly in the hands of masons and architects; books published at a scale of outlay that oufght to make literature look up and be proudc, for 90,000. sterling spent on a single work outdoes the merely commercial spirit of "the Row ;" exploring expeditions, surveys, experiments, may all be found opposite handsome sums in the estimates; lastly, the representatives have done violence to their feeling,ss, and doubled their own pay-a seat in either House is now worth about 7001. a-year-all this expenditure is far from exhausting the Treasury. But there are other means of obtaining a hold on it, more affected by the predatory class this wealth appears to have called into existence. Never was a Government t hat had so many " clains"e on it; agency for claims is a regular profession. In all parts of the world the Government appears, at some time or other, to have caused loss and damage to unknown persons, who, sometimes 40 years after date, turn up with their little accounts at Washington. We were once annually haunted by a Parliamentary ghost called " Danish claims," and another spectre of the same)kind that walked the house at midnight under the name of Baron de Bode. Similar ispirits abound here, and, with half the evidence in their behalf possessed by those above-mentioned, they are sent to repose by payment: a full Treasury caunot refuse reparation even in doubtful cases so well as an empty one can to all, good and bad; and if anything like a fair case can be made out, and the amount is large enough, there is a surprising readiness of payment. In some instances the wish to do justice, or atone for long neglect, has been very praiseworthy; pensions, compensations, land grants have been given to the survivors and descendants of the soldiers of the revolution who fought through a period of poverty, and did not live into this golden rage of wealth. But this amiable tendency ol the Legislature, like other good things, is abused. Sharpers of the lower legal species make a trade of getting, up "claims," and the revolutionary period is not yet exhausted; it is still made to produce demands on the Government. At one of the last sittings of the Senate a bill of this kind, that would have relieved the Treasury of ten millions, was thrown out by an exposure of the machinery through which it was got up. There are harpies as well as eagles hovering round the CapitoL The bill by which the pay of the members of the Senate and the representatives is increased alters also the mode of payment. It used to be eight dollars per diem-about 11. 12s.-for the duration of the session, with mileage to and from the district represented; the travelling allowance could be drawn in certain cases though the member had not taken the journey; he was supposed to have done it, as in a re-election, and was entitled to constructive mileage; for the distant States, like California, this amounted to a very handsome sum. Now,tbe payment is not daily, but in one sum of $6,000 i or the two years for which Congress is elected, or $3,000 a-year, liable to deductions for voluntary absence. The allowance of mileage remains the same. The bill is retrospective, and gives the increased pay, about double the former rate, to the present Congress. It is hoped that the change to a yearly payment will tend to insure greater despatch of business. The increased cost of living at Washington, it is said, quite justifies the late of increase. It may be safely asserted that all the expenses of the Goversnent, salaries and allowances, are on the rise. One bill that passed in the rush of the 16tih deserves to be noted, as it was on a subject liMely to have been crushed out of sight unless a disinterested friend or two had attended to it: it had nc, party out of doors to back it. It is a bill giving ito dramatic authors a copyright in their productions. Whether it will ultimately check the large importations of French produce in an English form, and of the scarcer original English article also, rem3ins to be seen. Before there was no protection whatever for the writer, but, as there are many cities and theatres, and a popular piece will now pay its author, it is possible American talent may attempt the drama. The act will not apply to ,nglish vriters not resident in the country. "Law and order" are still suspended in San Franciscothat is, a stricter state of both is irregularly maintained by the Vigilance Committee. The Federal Executive here, having refused the application of the Governor of the State for assistance against the committee, that self-constituted body is left to work out its plans at discretion. Hfaving, by force of arms arrested, hanged, and deported vaxious batches of ruffians, to tho manifest improvement of the moral atmosphere, it seems, by the last accounts, to have origiated a Eormal inquiry into the abuses of the local Govern ment, to a great extent elected by the belp of these gambIers and "rowdy" politicians. iLutho- rity had been poisoned at its source, anid per- haps the lightest evils revealed by the inquiry are the large peculations and waste of public mioney. For the last two years the world has been led to regard San Francisco as singularly fatal to human life; the number of inquests was something re markable; it is now discovered that the coroner, who was paid by fees, contrived to hold iwo or three inquiries on the same body,whichwas dropped into the bay and fished out again as a new victim of accident or homicide, "6as long as it would keeptogether." The mdde a deeream oi the numiber of casualties of this kind frotimthe day thecommittee performed the duty of police estaolished - the fact of this revolting fraud by the legal officers, though it had been suspected before. The report of the sub-committee appointed to inquire into these and other malpractices is minute, and full of details that bear the stamp of truath. It would require a rarepowerof imagination to invent them, while they are exactly of the kind likely to be detected In the administration of needy scoundrelism let into office by the carelessness andapathy of thoso whomight have kept it out by a little of that timely andregular exertion of political rights which self-government requires. Hlad the scoundrel influence in and over the Government been content with simple robbery of the Exchequer in the various forms described, it might, to allappearance, have gone on till stopped by the insolvency of the State; but saccess made it insolent, and two or three assassinations, committed with a bravado that proved how assured the murderers were of escape, created the violent reaction which speedily organized an armed power against it. At the date of the last accounts the committee had. 33 persons in arrest, above half of them undernotice to quit the State by the first steamer. The committee still retains its fortified head-quarters, and its troops are regularly driled. The inhabitants havo gone even a step farther than the committee; they have, at a great public meeting, celled on the city and county officers, elected under the reign of corruption and violence, to resign; this they have refused to do, and we shall probably soon hear that they have been deposed, and others appointed by a new election. This Californian difficulty excites the more interest in the Atlantic States because it has been produced by the same kind of remissness which leaves their elections also too open to similar abuses. One remedy proposed, both in San Francisco and New York, is to make the ballot-box transparent. A vothig urn of glass has been suggested, which, like the window of the breast wished for by the ancient sage, would render men's " opinions" visible. Another idea is to form the political vessel of woven wire, pervioui to light,-a sort of safety lamp. Roth suggestions depart from the principle of secrecy so much insisted on by crotchetty imaprovers in lands where the ballot is not known to politics, and found so mischievou3s w,here it is that open haUs of sufuirage, transparent voting vessels, and a mounted guard of the honest citizens, if they can be induced to perform the duty, are proposed as correctives. Where votes have to be taken from many thousands of electors, and for the half-dozen candidates of a "ticket" at once, the baUot is an excellent mechanical aid in the proce3s; but it is more capable of being turned into a reans of fraud than the written register, checked name by name. To bfng an adequate degree of inspection to bear on the machine, and secure fair play as well as rapidity to the record, is now the problem. But if the respectables are apathetic and will not take the trouble to attend to such things, the non-respectables are likely to have it their own vay-California to wit. (FRcOM OIB NEw YORK COKSESPONDENT.) NEW YORK, AuG. 20. The Arabia sailed from Halifax on Saturday, after repairing the injuries as well as possible in so short a time. About half of her passengers stopped at Halifax rather than go on, as she was represented to be making a great deal of water, notwithstanding what had been done. I have no means of know. ing how far the telegraphic reports which the journals of yesterday will carry you are correct; and can only hope that long before this reaches you she will be safe and sound in the Mersey.* The rights and wrongs of the Kansas question are so well understood now that I need not dwell upon them. In order to control the course of the President and the dominant party in the Senate that sustains him, the Republicans in the House agreed to append to some of the appropriation bills (originating in the House) provisos in regard to this unfortuate territory. 'lhe Executive iAsdiciary Legislative and Army bill were the ones selected. The provisos were struck out in the Senate, others again substituted in their place by th e House, which were in their turn struck out by the Senate. ha thisway the bills travelled back. ward and forward across the rotunda of the Capitol for several days, until the House finally determined upon the following proviso to the Army Bill, which the Senate refused to accede to:- "Provided, nevertheless that no part of the nilitary force of the United States herein provided for shall bo em. ployed in aid of the enforcement of the enactments of the alleged Legislative Assembly of the territory of Kas recently assembled at Shawnee Mission, until Congress shall have enacted either that it was or was not avalid Legislative Assembly, chosen in conformity with tho Oreanlc law by tho people of the said territory. And vrovided that until ongress shallh3re pavsed on the valli'ty of the saia Legis. lative Assembly at Kansas, it shall be the duty of the Pzesident to use the military force in said territory to preserve the peace, suppress insurrection, repel invasion, and protect persons and property therein, and upon the mationsl highways in the State of Missonuri from unlawful seizures and searches. And be it further provided that the President is required to disarmn the present organized militia of the territory of Kansas, and recall al the United States arms therein distributed, and to prevent rmed men from going into said territory to disturb the puolic peace, or aid in the enforcement or resistance of real or pretended laws6." Committees of conference were in vain; and the country being now left -without a provision for its army, each party tries to throw the odium of the act upon the other. On the side of the Republicans it is said that all A&ppropriation Bills originate in the house; and that if, after the bill has left the house, the Senate choose to make such an alteration as endangers the final passage of the bill, that body, and not the House, is responsible for the loss of the appropriation. The ANew York Courier au2d Inqui rer says "The contest on the Army Bill marked the closing scene. Let freemen-freemen who love the freedomfor which Washington fouaht, which Jefferson proclaimed, and which Jay taught, contemplate this scene. On the one hand, slaveocracy, not content with its sectional institution of slavery within the bounds guaranteed to it by the constitution, and yielded to itaccording to that constitution by the Free States, standing defiant and unyielding in the halls of the National legislature, and demanding that its sectional institution shall be extended over the free soil of the national territories, and that the power of the United States army shall be turned agaiest freemen to force the extension I On the other hand, standing in the same halls, national freedom, true to itself, saying calmlv, but firmly, that staveocracy shall not have the army of the United States to force slaverv on freemen r' Ad the New York- ferald advises to the same course in the extra session "The Kansas amendmente upon the Legislative Judiciae and Executive Bil were withdrawn by the House upon the faith of the President's promise. It is, then, but fair that Mr. Pierce should be required to do something in proof of his good faith before any further concessions are made to him upon the Army Bill. He plays fast and loose, and his mere promise is that of a broken bank. Before proceediag a step farther to sustain him in Kansas, let the House insist upon apublc act in redemption of his confidential pledge to ar CamupboU."a On the side of the Administration, it is said that this is a factious attempt on the part of a small majority in the Lower House to force two co-ordinate branches of Government to abandon their own views. The Totrni of (4nrnerce puts the Government case thus "The extraordinary conduct of the House of Represen tatives in refusing to pass the Annual Appropriation Bill for the support of the army, nmless tho Senato would consent to engraft upon it a proviso that no part of the money should be applied to tho enforcement of the laws enacted by the Legislature of Kansas. has caused the loss of the entire Army Bill,-tho Senate very properly refusing to be forced into thc support of a Black Republican measure, by means so reprehensible and revolutionary. The Annual Appropriation Bills are necessry to keep the wheels of Government in motion. Now, if one house of Congress can avail of itself of this nece3sity to dragoon the other into submission to some collateral issue which that other House abhors, it is easy to see that for all practical purposes the design of the Constitution in estabshing two Houses of Congress is circumvented and discarded. unerefore the Senate were bound to resist tho encroachment at the threshold, otherwise the same game would be repeated every session. They met the crisis as became them-calmly, but firmly; and tho result is, that Congress closed its sesmon without making any provision for the support of teh army I We have to-day no rarmy; or whichl s the same thing, no means of supporting it." I have hastily run over the li of public acts passed by Congress at this seion, and, except the Lppropriation Bills, do not see many of public importanlce. The diplomatic and consular service of the country has been thoroughly overhauled, and the pay increased. The Mliniter to Englan' in. * S5he haa long Eince anrived, &nd WMyi .AU he; TO= ToYSGe nezThin, stead of receiving 1;8001. a,year, is to recezve- abouL - 3,500ayeir hereafter, and the staff both atLondon and Pa2is is to be increased. Fixed saleries have been .attachedtb the various consulates; consulatesgeneral have been established in British North America, 'British India, Egypt, Japan, Cuba, Turkey, and the Hanseatic cities, and all consulsgeneral, consuls, and commercial agents are forbidden to eugage directly or indirectly in any trade at the place of their official residence. This is a great change for the better on the old system. Liberal, even extravagant, grants have been made f!om the public lands to aid in the conshu ction of railways. Iowa"gets 1,200,000 acres, Flcirida and Alabama 2,500,000, Louisiana 1,000,000, Wisconsin 2,000,000, and Michigan 1,300,000 acres. The success of the Illinois Central Company in uniting a gigantic railway and land speculation on the Sasis of a Congressional grant, brought all these States to the door of Con,ress on. the eve of a Presidential election; a moment when it is not esy to refuse favours. You see the result in a grant of 8,000,000 of acres, and can judge how manyof these jobbing schemes can be made speedily or practically available. A bill has also been passed for the protection of discoverers of guano islands, rocks, and keys containing guano deposits, not occupied by any other nation. The biU authorizes the President to occupy such discoveries for the exclusive benefit of the discoverer'; and they are reauired to funish wharves and all other facilities for bringing the guano within reach of the ships? tackle. They are allowed to charge $4 a ton for the guano in the native beds, and. $8 per ton when delivered in tubs within reach of the ship's tackle, and it is to be sold only to citizens of the United States. The right is also reserved to hereafter reduce or regulate the price of guano, so that the monopoly may not become too grievous. The act is a general act; but ii; is understoodao have special reference to a New York company of speculators, who have discovered some guano islands in the Pacific near the Equator. I have two or three times within the past year called attention to the efforts being made to induce the Government to recognise the principle of extension at 'sea as well as on shore. This bill puts this country on an equality with other great maritime Powers in authorizing it to take possession of any unoccupied piece of territory, provided there is a show of guano there, and legalizes Filibustering on wild terrtory unclaimed by other civilized Powers. The Pacific llaikoad Bill goes over till the next session. It was drawn up in so objectionable a shape that neither party cared to incur, on the eve of a Presidential election, the responsibility of its passage. Thenotice h-as been ordered, by decided majorities in both Houses of Congress, to terminate the extra cempensation to the Collins line of steamers, and restore the original contract. This is felt to be a blow at the whole system of postal cortracts for ocean carriage. The health of the city of New York remains good. The yellow fever is on the decrease at Quarantine; the infected vessels'have been removed from the Long Island shore. The weather continues cool and unusually pleasant for this season of the yesa, and we hope to get through without a visitation. Money is in rat,her lss demand than wIen I last wrTote. Exchange, 9 to 9~ sterling; francs without alteration. Stocks and securities are generally lower than at the sailing of the last steamer. Cotton is reported qiuiet, without change in price. Middling uplands, 11 ; middling New Orleans, 12 ; fair uplands, 12i; fair New Orleans, 13. Red wheat, 150 ; whitte, 100. Flour no change. T'he following is a statemnent of the condition of the banks of the city of NTew York, for Angug,st 16, as compared with the previous week;ly return: Loans. Specie. Circulation Dewoits. Aug. 9 .. .. $112,192,322 $13.276.603 $8,676,7TS $93,221,370 Aug. 16 . . 111,406,756 12.S06,672 8,184.499 9°.013.229 Decrease .. SS66 563,931 S92.26D SL2O7,141
.IRBLAND. I (V(ROM OUR OWN CORREsPONDym.) DIJBLMN, MoeoDAY MOsNeG. 1AItRVFST PROSPECToS. The result of an annual autumnal tour throuah the nortn-western counties is thus stated by 7lr. John Lamb, the Quaker correspondenit of the Belfast Wig:- " Therois no doubtthat our country israpidly improvin. Tho people are better clad and better fed. The countryis' much better cultivated than it was a dozen years ago. The gao]s are nearly empty, and the poorhouses not half filled; some of the masters complain that they cannot muster as much healthy labour as will cultlvate the gardens and grounds round the workhouses. Tho towns are better paved, swept, and lighted, and nany an old, unsightly thatched house has been pulled down to make room for a respectable slated one; yet there is abundance of room for further improvement in all these respects. Few towns in Ireland nave improved so much in appearance during the last ten years as Sligo. The morning 1started was the fiast timae this season I observed any serious, decided symptoms of the potato disease; and every day since the leaves and stalks seem to get worse. The disease is quite universal over the whole of my route ; some fields are much worse than others. As yet there does not appear to be any great injury done to the tubers, except stopping further growth, which is a very serious loss, as the late kinds are not neaz maturity. The oat crop is likely to be very much better thri last year, and many farmers expect it will be equal to, and some say better than that of 1854, which was the best oat crop remnembered in Ireland for 20 years. My own ienpression is that generally it will not be quite equal to that of 154. Some odd fields are thin and short, particularly on the dry hills in the midland counties. About Sligo and Ballyshannon the crop soomed to be extremely heavy. The wheat crop is also likely to be a very good one ; it is thicker on the ground than last year, but some farmers tell me it is not as well headed. Several persons who were reaping have told me that they do not observe much, if any, rust or mildew on their crop, so far. The la3te rains have greatly improved all kinds of green crops. The barley is generally thuck on the ground, but the straw is short, and it struck me to be mostly small in the head. The huleand cry raised against veeds by the roadside is beginning to take effect already. I have observed the roadmnen at work in several counties. I hopeitmayextend to the gentlemen farmers, and from theml to the small farmers in aU parts of Ireland. If farning societies would give premiums for the farms that had least weeds, it would be of great advantage." THE CIcmrocU'Io2x OFCiE. One of the gravest instances of the difference betwixt tweedledum and tweedledee has just been brought to light in a communication addressed to the Marquis of Londonderry by the Under-Secretary of State for Ireland. This official brochutre refers to a correspondence relative to the proper designation of the two reg8iments of Militia for the county of Down, and of so grave and complex; a nature was the question that the Executive deemed it discreetest to submit it to the consideration of the law officers of the Crown, " with the various statutes which relate to the lVflitia of Ireland." fow long those same lawofficers t-ook to deliberate does not transpire, but the result Colonel Larcom announces to be that in their opinion " the two regiments of :Sfilitia for the county of Down should be called respectively ' Worth Downe and ' South Down,' and not by the titles of ' North Downshire' and 'South Down. shire."' After this the great colour questionbecomies of very minor importance indeed. EaxornIC COMU ICON WrI AAURICA. The following interesting statement is extracted from the Cok7 Oonstihtsdiw of Saturday :-- IyOng at anchoroff Queenstown for the lzst few days may have aeen observed a small, unsightly, ill-painted, rusty-bottomed screw-steamer, without one povit of attrac. non about her, except the stars and stripes flutt3ring in the breeze. Yet that boat and some of the officers Ese contains have been the world's wonder for a season, and have jnst now concluded a task which is the forerunner of an event more wonderful still The Arctic was the vewsel that was sent to rescue Dr. Rane, who had previously been sent to rescue lrankdin. She vas successful, and brought home Dr. Kane and his crew, who had been obliged to abandon his ship and search. She was then a light ship on the American coast. She is now the bearer of Iaeuteiant Strain, of Darien notoriety, and Captain Berximan, who has before, and now again, crossed fromn Newfoundland to take soundings of the wholeAtlantiefrom St. John's to Valencia, with the view to asoertain the probable success with which a telegraphic cablemybe laid between these pints. The oesunt 's satisfactorg. For some 50 or 60 me fro St. John's, ancl again oLa this aide, is a bank varying from 25 to 120 fathoms. Between these there is a plateau nrearly levdl, the bottom soft, cormposed of shells so fine that only the microscope can discover them, each shell perfect in its minute beauty, proving the absence of currents at the bot. tom, and, with duo deference to Stephenson and others, the wanlt of that vast pressure, which s to be so dreaded, and exhibiting at every point not only a cayacit7, but the most perfect capacity, for the rery7se for w sch it is required. The whole apparatus for arriving at these facts is most perfect. Steam-power. selpaate from that of the ship, works the axle from whicL the sounding. line is 'paid out.' Soundings have been taken to the depth of 27,00 fathoms. By a neat contrivance ewh sounding shows not only the depth, but the nature of the bottom, which is brought up in five quilLs and tb '-nperature of the water, the latter being given tythe - ki .cn or contraction of metallic spira' ribandaplacei -o--. uentrepin, fixed at the top, nd attached at .3ttoi to a uadle and indicator, th.e lattor remaiJing fxed &zeer ti.o fist has ceased' to act, showing thse exact variatico betweca-the surfsw and the 'hotton. Most caeful dntt;ingehaVe been r 5_.7,nD= erg (towxho-n hsa beuen iwped thc rar ofw.Sc draughteman) of the soundings, showring a pr -t f l~e boits of {hes wCEith thres tOltaccurac. -There can be no doubt hat telegraphic communications between Ireland and St. John's, a distance of 1,610 geogra- thical miles,ay be regarded as a certainty. It is in the ands of a snall Amezn company. but, though small, if itA nembers posses bet X tithe of the ner of their zepre sentative, Mr. Cyrus T. Field, wrho is zo here makia every inquiry, it will be enough to orercome every dL ficulty. -Captai Berriman langhs at laving the cable. He asks butr. shin lare enoogh, and he twil undertake to do it at 1:0 mles an hiOU2 right across. The comnpany have already obtained the sole grant for erect. ing telegraphs through the whole of Newfoun-liand, and have already some 1,700 miles at work, orwill have in a fewdays,whichis in connexionwiththe American lines. The difficulties and trias of temper in taking these sound. iogs have been tremendous. Rlepeatedly after' ayin- out' tens of thousands of fathoms of line, and gettng m up within some 6a or 80, it was snapped, and al had tobe done again. Six and eight hours have been occupied in getting one sounding only, and these have beenmadenearly every f degree the ,hole way across. From the czptain to the cibin boy, each has given his williagnid. lHo tronble was thought too much-no time too long, each appeared to feel the honour of his nation at shake, and proud in every way to advance the object in vxew. They have done their work well. Tature has granted all we could askw rt wil soon do its part, while nature, science, andart, worked out by man's hand, will produce one graud whole to benefit man kind," THE LAM BAIhWAY FORGERIS. Sir Edward h'Donnell, as chairman of the Great Southern and Western Railway, at the meeting held on Satturday, alluded to the forgeries of Knighting, the late confidential clerk of the company, and now undergoing the penalty of his rogueries. Of the actual extent of his frLauds no clear estmate has yet been made, but Sir Edlward thinks that the sum of 25,0001. will fully cover all deficiencies. THE MYTIRY AT NEBAGH. (From the ?e acgh Gucardian.) The arrival at Xena"h on Fxiday of Major-General Sir James Chatterton, ME., gave rise to many rumours and much speculation as to the object of his visit. However, all surmises were soon set at rest. Shortlybefore 12 o'clock on Saturdaynpwards of 80 of the Tipperary T ght Infantry were marched up to Summer-hill Barrai-s from thle county gaol, where they had been confined on a charge of mutiny since the outbreak in the regiment, anl soon after the galiant Goneral, accompanied oy Mar Foster, Assistant Adjutant. General, Lekdistrict enteredthe Barrack-suare, when all the men were formed into close order. Major-General Chatterton having taken up his position in the centre, addressed a few words to the men. He said they were all aware of the sad and melancholy occurrence 'which had recently taken place in the regiment. He had now come to malke known to them the result of the proceedings at the trial of solne of their comrades, and he trusted it would serve as a warning to them, and show the utter folly of engaging in riotous conduct and opposition to the constituted authorities. The General, whose remarks were partly inaudlble outside the lines, having concluded, MIajor FosTER proceeded to read the finding and sentenre of the court-martial in each case se-rie7iM- 1st Case.-Private Patrick Thumpane, charged with havinmg at Nenagh, on the 8th of July, 1856, taken part in the inutinyof the Tipperary Light Infantry, by dischar-ino a loaded firelock into the Barrack-square, in which Wer Maajesty's troops of the line were drawvn up. Guilty. To be transported for life.-Approved. 2d CasO.-Private Thomas Gleeson, charged with mutinous conduct at Henagh, in the following instances:1st instance-In having been one of a body of soldiers who, about half-past 8 am., on the 7th of July, 1856, proceeded to the guardroom, for the purpose of unlawfully liberating a person confined therein, and for having on that occasion told the said soldiers to fix bayonets. 2d instance-In having, at the time above mentioned, puthimselfatthe head of a body of soldiers, vith their bayonets fixed, and charged Captain Adjutant Hort, T.L.I., his superior officer, then andl there in the execution of his office. 3a instanceIn having, about the hour of 10 a.m., on the day aforesaid, been one of a party of soldiers who attacked the guardroom, broke open a cell, aud unlawfully released a prisoner confmed therein. The prisoner pleaded gauilty to the first and second charges. Convicted of the third charge, and the Court sentenced him to be transported for life. Approved. 3d Case.-Private Thomas Devereun, charged with mutinous conduct in the five following instances:-lst charge -For having, at or about the hour of 9 p.m., on the 7th of July, 1S56, come out of his barrack-room at Pound-street barrack, with a musket with bayonet fixed, and then and there excited a mutiny. 2d charge-For having, at the time and place aforesaid, refused to obey the lawful commands of Captain and Adjutant Hort, Tl.L, his superior offiaer. 3d charge-Forhaving, at thetime and place aforesaid, offered violence against his superior officer, thenbeing in the execution of his office, bythreatening the sa;d Captain Hort, with hisb ayonet at the charge, and saying at the same time, " 'Tis all very fine, but you are the very one thatordered the guard to load with ball cartridge," or words to that effect. 4th charge-Forhaving a"ilTenagh, atthetime aforesaid, offered violence against his superior officer, then being inthe execution of his office, by assaulting Colour-SergeantHenry Cole, aud forcibly taking fromhim a quantityof balt ammunition. 6th charge-For mutinous conduct, in having a' Nenagh on the 8th of July, 1856, about the hour of 4 p.m., threatened the aforesaid Captain Hort, by bringing his bayonet to the charge, and saving to other soldiers, then and there present, "Let 'us skiver the - officers who are ont, aind let us have some fun for our money," or words to that effect. 6th charge-For mutinous conduct, in having on the 8th day of July, 1856, about 4 p.m., been one of a party of men of the TipperaryLight Infantry, who made the aforesaid Colour-Sergeant Cole a prisoner, and for having then and there threatened to shoot the said Sergeant Cole. Gauilty of all. To be transported for life. Approved. 4th Case.-Private Thomas Cawley, for having, at Nenagh, on or about the 8th of July, 1856, taken part in a mutiny of the North Tipperary Miltia, by firing on Her Majesty's troops of' the line. Found guilty, and sentenced to be transported for life. 5th Case.-Private Stephen Skelton, arraigned on the five following charges, to the fourth of which he pleaded guilty: -Ist charge-For having, at Nenagh, on the 7th oF July, about the hour of8 o'clock, p.m., struclSergeant C. Kelly, of theTipperaryLight Infantry, his superior officer, then being in execution of his office. 2d charge-For mutinous conduct about half-past 9 o'clock p.m. on same day, in company with other soldiers, attempted to break open the arm chest of No. S company of the Tipperary Militia with an iron poker, and having broken two locks and one staple of the said chest. 3d charge-For having, at the pLace aforesaid, about 10 p.m., on the day above named, gone roundthe barrack rooms of No. 8 company in Pound-street, and then and there excited a mutinv. 4th charge-For having at Nenagh on the 8th of July, 1856,aboutthe hour of-4 p.m., refused to obeylhe lawful command of Lieutenant Ralph Hal Bunbury, Tipperary Light Infantry, his superior offlicer. 5th charge-For having, at the place and timelast mentioned, offered violence against the said Ralph Hall Bunbury, his superior officer then beimgin the execution of his office, by shaking his firelock at him, and at the same time usin threateninglanguage tovwards him. The Court convicted him of the 1st 2d, 3d, and 5th charges, and sentenced him to be transported for 21 years. 6th Case.-)Private Patrick Nolan, for mutinous conduct, by firing olt Her Majesty's troops of the line, at Nena2h, on the 8th July, 1856. Guilty. To be trans-ported for theterm of 21 years. 7th Case.-Private Henrv Bennett, charged vwith having, at Nenagh, about the Sth of July, 1856, taken part in a mutiny of the North Tipperary Light Infantry. Gnity Sentenced to 14 years' transportation, Sth Case.-Private Thomas Fleming, found gnilty of a similar charge with the twvolast-named prisoners. Sentenced to be transported for 14 years. 9th Case,-Private Andrevv Burke was acauitted of inciting the men to mutiny, and firing on H er hiajesty's troops of the line. 10th Case.-Private Patrick Maler, charged with firing on Her Majesty's troops of the line on the 8th of July Guilty. To be imprisoned for two years, and kept at hard labour. CO.MATIOv ; OF THE SEvN-CES. Major-General CM&TsRRTETOx said that they had all seen what those acts of mutiny and insubordination had brought down ulpon the heads of their comrades. He had great satisfaction totell them, however, that HerMajesty, through the Lord-Lieutenant, had been pleased to extend her clemency towards them, as they would loamn from t-he letter now about to be read. Major Foster then read the Lord-Lieutenant's letter, commuting, on the recommendation to mercy of the resnetable juries who triedthe cases, backed bythelearedand humane judge who presided on the occasion, the sentence of death passed on Private Patrick Burns, for the murder of Private Curley, 41st Regiment, to transportation for lUfe; and the sentence of 15 years' transportation on the other four militiamen convicted at the last assizes of firing on Her Majesty's troops to four years' penal servitade. Also reducing, in the case of Privates Patrick Thumpane, Gleeson, Devereux, and Cawley, tried before the court-martial, the sentence of transportation for life to 10 yeas penal servitude; Privates Skelton andNolan, from 21 years' transportation to six years' penal servitnde; and Privates Bennett and Fleming, from l1yeart' transportation to fouryears' penal servitude. Sy directions of the General, Major Foster now read the circular letter issned to commanding officers, containing instructions as to the disembodiment of the Militia, among the rest providing that where the men require plain clothes, they are to be purchased out of the balance due to thereat the c-m of disembodient. The General then told the hilitia that, in accordance with a letter received by him, he had appointed a board whose duty itato investigate any complaints or demands the men might have to make. They had heard that if any of them were in need of plain clothes they would be provided for them out of the balance duo to them on disembodiment. Thisshowedtheanxietyof theGeneralCommandin-in. Chief that they should return to their friends respectablyand well clad. Hetrustedthatwhenxthey-wouldreceve theallowanoe on Mfonday next, the day appointed for the disembodiment of the regiment, they would cary ou thosae Idndwishes for their good, purchase clothes, and go to their homes decently, instead of idlinlg about the town, or spending the money foolishly or in drunkenness. They had already seen 'what drink hadu nfortunately brought on some of their comrades, for he felt assured that most of those engaged in the recent outageous conduct in the regiment acted under the influence of drink. He hopedtheywould, therefore, gohome in proper and becoming apparel, and should they be called out again which of course they would, according to regulations, they 'would prove themselves what they ought to be and he knew they were-good soldiers. The remarks of the gallant General seemed to have a very good effect on the men, and at the conclusion of his address they seemed as if they would cheer the veteran hero, but a uaddenorder from Major Friend to form for inspection brought them into a different position and thns prevented the "Tipperary shout." The Generalhaving made the in spection of the men, the procoedings terminated.
- -,PUSSMYN CLAIMSL 12!ZY.PT. 7 I - -- - - - ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ - TO'TE EDITOR OF TEE TMES; Sir,-Will you kindly allowme spce for sfeowobserya- tions on our present relationi with Tarlkey? H1xving xeside; for more than 20 years in the Tar'kish dominions, in constant communication with Ottoman stbjects of all degree;, from the Psaha of Constantinople to the fellsh of Egypt, Ihave gained some insigat into their habits,. manners, and feelings. In these they differ so widely from ourselves anirother Europtan nations tbat, if in the innovations nowi being ruged upon them by the. Western Powers, thoMe feelings arenot carefnlly sttdied and consulted, all atte 3pte to maodify their institutions or reform their admintstratEio must prove abortive. In 1S53 we found Turley in a most perilous position., Menaced from without by Russia she had within Lherself a far more dangerous and insidious enemy, .preying upon her,; Teryvitals, "a. corrupt and inefficient Administratios"-4 squaudering her resources, paralyzing her energies, and, hurrying her rApidly to that effete stae so anxiously looked for by the late Emperor lNicholas. From the fi-rsof these dangers we relieved her by the assistance of our arms, againstthe secondcwenow offer the sidof our counsel; but: let that counsel be given in a temperate manner. Wbile stuying to oorrect let us endesaour to conciliate, and, above all, let us prove that what we advise we practise. The Turk is a great admirer of justice. With him it is a cardinal virtue. So long as he thinks you are acting towards him a fair, honest, and open part, he will meet you in the same spirit, but once arouse ihis suspicions you, will fintl him comniag and astute to a degree you littlae anticipated. These observations are applicable to the negotiations now. pending in Constantinople, the Principalities, and elsewhere, but are mainly induced by an occurrence which lately took place in Egypt, with the knowledge and at the instigation of the Prussian Consul-General, raising a queztion of importance to the Vioeroy as regards the internal administration or his country. Before entering, into the, pirticulars of this occurrence I will make a few preliminary observations to enable your readers better to understand the merits of the case, which involves whab in Europe wonld be termed a violation of international law. For the honour Of Prussia we hope her consul is acting without the knowledge orauthority of h's Governrment. It woul-dillbecome a nation which has already done some evil to the cause of: Civilization, by Leeping dloof during the war, to endeavorm now by a quibble to stir up discord and il-will, when it is of the utmost importance to the regeneration of Turk-ey that harmony and coneiliation should pervade al our transactions with that country. The EgyptianGovernment has always'refused to allow foreign river ressels 'that is to say, vessels having foreigm flags, and through that flag claiming immunity from al local jurisdiction) to be employed in the carrying trade of the Nxile, holding tiat the right to navigate the internal waters of Egypt is as inherent in the flag of that country a5 it is considered to be in the British flag for Similar purposes in the rivers of England. Applications have frequently been made by merchants for permission to navigate a certain number of grain and other boats, under the flag of their respective countrie4 but this permission was invariably refused. On one ocec. sion, lohamedAli said to the British consul in reference to this question, " Let 3Europeans build and employ as mnrny boats as they like on the Nlile, but they must be navigated under the Turkish flag, and be subject to the general laws of the Ottoman empire. Were I to allow merchants of all nations to navigate boats under the protection of their respective national flags, and under that pretext to withdraw their crews from the jurisdiction of the local authorities, there would be an end to law ana public order through the whole length of the Nile. The merchants themselves would be the first to askA me to restore things to their formrer state. No-as long as I am responsible for the security of persons and property and the maintenance of public order in Egypt, so long MUst May authority over the Arabs be supreme." It is true he once made an exception in favour of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, to which he granted leave to ran three small steamers between Alexandria and Cairo, for the conveyance of passengers and luggage in connexion with the overland route; but this vwas a special caso, and the privilege having been withdrawn in 1846 the law remained as before-that nil river boats navigating the Nile should, if they hoisted any flag, hoist the Turkish. I except the pleasure boats and yachts employed by travellers in their winterexcursions to Upper Egypt. These, by courtes, are allowed ts wear the national flag of those sailing in them. The law thus established was generally recognized, and no attemptwas made to infringe it till the following occurrence took place. About two months simce a Prussian merchant, residing in Alexandria, entered into a contract with sundry parties to transport, for their account, a qnantity of grain from the Upper Country to Alexandria. In furtherance of this undertalking, he purchased two small Egyptianriver steamers, These, by a stroke of his,own authority, he converted into Prussian vessels, giving them the flag of that country, and with them thus equipped he proceeded to Thebes. Thera they were employed totow down the rivers, fileet of country boats hired for the purpose and laden with grain, the Prussian eagle covering them with its protection in common. with the steamers. The river authorities, taken by surprise, made no opposition to this first demonstration. The Pran fotilla was allowed to paSS and aTrived unmolested in Alexandria. There, however, the question was taken up by the iccal government. The Prussian Consul was remonstrated with upon this flagrant breach of international law by a PrussLn subject, and called unon to prevent a repetition of the offence. The consul replied that he considered the act of his countrymen legal in viriue of certain clauses in existing treaties between Rtussia and the Porte in reference to the navigation of the Danube, which clauses, in his interpretation, were equally applicable to the N'ile; and as Prussia, under the "favoured nation clause," was entitled to every privilege granted to, any other nation, he considered the act in question perfectly legal, and arrogantly refused all interference. Ac. cordingly the steamers returned on a second voyage, but on. arriving at Atfeh, where tho canal communicates with the Nile by means of locks, these, by order of the Government, were kept closed, and the Prussian eagle forbidden ingress to the lile. Thereupon a violent protest was entered by the Prussian Consulate against the EgytiMan Government holding the latter responsible for all losses, damages, &a, occasioned by this so-called violation of treaties. Such is the case as it occurred. I see by an article in your journal of the 26th, in the correspondence from Berlin, that the Prussian Consul has already reported the case to his Government, but in doing so he has evidently given it a false colouring. He wishes to make it appear that the whole proceeding was undertaken with a view of testing the right of the Viceroy to grat mono pollee This view of the case I reject in toto. 1t is palpably an attempt to overcome by a sidewind the vexed question of the " flags." Against mnonopolies of every description I enter my protest as earnestly as the Pzussian Consul. I have seen too many examples of their baneful influence upon every branch of industry in the East to write a word in favour of them, and 1 hope the day is not far distant when they will be known only as "things that were." .Many have bean abolished, and the rest must soon follow, unless a bulying and arrogant intervention trolong their existence. If amon the acts of the Viceroy since his accession. some have been reprehensible, and received the just censue of public opinion, there are others which show that he is not heedless of the welfare of his people. Towards improving the condition of trade he has done much, andc doubtless will do mUch more, unless, disgusted by a repetition of such overbearing acts as the one I have descrbed, he listens rather to the advice of those around him who, for their own purpoees,ewould perpetuate abuses, than to the disinterested counsel of those among the consuls who have no object but the development of the resources of the country for the benefit of all. TheProssianConsul, incommon withthe other consuls at Alexandria, was long aware that the Viceroy had granted a monopolizing privilege to certain individuals for establishingtugboatsonthe-Nile. If h(consideredtbisto beastretch of power on the part of the Vioeroy, why did he not at once report the case to the Prussian iiniater at Constantinonle9 The Minister might have consulted hiscolleges, an,in the event of their finding that the Viceroy had acted eontry to existing treaties, they would have used their joint action in demanding the interference of the Sultan's authority to restra him. Such a course would have been not only according to diplomatic Usage, but the only one which could posibly be efficient. ThePrussian Conisulacted differently, and, in attelnpting to arry out his own interpretation of one saw, he Connived at a breach of another; for, whatever he may think tothe contrary, the law ashefound it is the lsaw of the land till altered by a higher authority than himse Such conduct may pass current with a few, but wil be universally condemned by all impartial and reflecting men, paricarly at a time when good temper, urbanity, and conciliation ought more than ever to predominate in ourrelations with Tlrkey, if 'we hope to remove that barrier of prejudice which has so long stood between the eivilization. of the West and the fanaticism of the East1 J XUSJIA. The inquest on the bodies of John Griffiths, an able seaMan, and a woman named Mhypock, who were drow-ed in the Medway by the ca zing of tho boat 13elong n' to Her Majesty's Aip Ar, .2. drng gale of n, hm resulted in the jurr-nine of whom were wsxr ant offioers-appending to their wrdictof "AccidentaLy 1)rowned," an opinion that the boat to which the aocident Oocnned was iit for the work it hAd to perform, it beiNg but 18 feetin length, and the ouly one belonging to i7 Traialgar. The jnur suggested that boasi of t leat 25 feet in length, a,nd raied upon, ahonla be supBplied to the wdlceP of the Tes of wr rlying in ordinary inthe Iedw y, the boats hloST in use bexg in th. opinion of the jury nsaf for the wor3c required oC then, more eaTcially in thewin£r months. -.~~~~toth W61
POBEIGN ITELLXBYGCE. - ~~FRANCE. T& porEonof the fllooviug appeaed il: onr second e&it-ior of/ --IPaV _ (tRoM oon oW- coESoDiT.) PARIS, SUhNDAY, 6 P.M. The satisfaction with which the nomination of Prince Alexander Ghika as temnorary ruler of Wallachir, was receivedin that Principality was doubtless somewhat heightened by the removal of the fears that had been entertained lest the powers of the much-detested Stihbey should be prolonged ; but it was by no means exclusively due to the relief from painful apprehenaions. Withont affirming that the Porte might not have made a more popular selection, 7 believe that of Prince Ghika to have been agareeable to the majority. T'here was not a very great choice of candidates fitted for the po0st, and the one chosen is esteemed for his kind hieart, his integrity, and his good intentions. Those who objected to him did not deny these qualities, but they maintained that he had two faults, which not unfrequently wait upon old age-namely, timidity and obstinacy. They could not doubt his goodwill and sincere desire to apply remedies to the wounds inflicted upon the provmice by the oppressive and corrupt administration of his predecessor but they feared lest his energy and decision should not keep pace with his honest desires. Letters that have reached me from Bucharest, with dates down to the 20th inst., seem to prove that these apprehensions were not altogether ii-folunded. While rendering full justice to the good intentions that animate the Prince, they describe the general regret that is felt that he either fears or knows not how to take a step in any direction, but strictly limits himself to the maintenance of the statits qyo. In a former letter I referred to the strangeness of his retaining as his Ministers men who had been the accomplices znd servile instruments of Stirbey in countless acts of injustice and extortion, whose names are branded with opprobrium throughout both Principalities and wherever else their history and condlact are known. But if, as I believe, I may put confidence in my informants-parts of whose statements are confirmed by the intelligence that reaches us through public channels-this is far from being the only respect in which the Kaimakan adheres to, or at leas' temporarily maintains, the policy of the late Hospodar, even where it is in contradiction to bis own feelings and wvishes. Known previously to his arrival at power as a strong opponent of Austrian influence and interference in the Principalities, he is charged with having, since his elevation, shown too much deference to Austrian desires, and studiously avoided whatever might give umbrage at Vienna. The delay that takes place in alowing the return to their native country of the exiles of 1848 is cited as an instance of this, and is said to be due to the remonstrances of the Austian Consul at Buicharest. It certainly strikes one as nonsensical that those WalUachians who, having compromised themselves by their hostility to the Porte and to the Allied Powers, followed the Russian army into Bessarabia, and remained there during the wvar (some of them actually fighting under Russian colours), should have been allowed, as they have been, to return freelv and unmolested to the Principalities, and that men who were exiled for attempting to defend those principles the alliez have since drawn the sword to support should still be excluded from their country. Public opinion in WaaUachia, shocked by the contrast, loudly demanded the return of the banished, and to appease it a report was circulated that a decree to that effect was about to be immediately promulgateg by the Kaimakan. The decree not appearing, it was resolved at Bucharest to address a petition to the Kaimakan and to the allied Powers. Prince Ghika, aware of the proposed step, recommended its abandonment, and gave assurances that the exiles should be promptly recalled. It was then that, according to my Bucharest correspondent, the Austrian Consul interposed his remonstrance. Be that as it may, the question of the exiles is still pending. The question of the freedom of the press is one in which Prince Alexander might, I think, advantageously exercise the powers with which he is invested. Under Prince Stirbey there was no press; the two or three insignificant papers that appeared were entirely under Government control, and their contents were wholly uninteresting. Applications for pernission to found other journals were invariably negatived. Now, it would not only be permissible, but really useful, that various anestions relating to the re-organization of the Principalities should be ventilated and temperately discussed bypublic newspapers. These would be the means of exposing and explaining much that is at present unknown, and might even ffurnish valuable indications to the Commissioners, who are shortly, it is said, to assemble at Bucharest. The liberty accorded to the Moldavian press by the late well-meaning HLospodar of that province has certainly as yet had no bad effects, and there are no grounds for thinking that the case would be otherwise in Vallachia. As soon as the appointment of Prince Alexander Ghika gavo hopes of a more just and liberal regime, an application was made by the editors of La Patrie, a- newspaper suppressed by Prince Stirbey, for permission to recommence publication, and another was sent in for leave to found a Journal to be called Olwe Union. Both were refused. The reply was, that such permission could not be granted before the arrival of the Commissioners, but, by way of concession, the Kaimakan said he should not impede the distcussion of political and social questions, verbaly and in manuscript documents. To explain and excuse his cautious and stationarv attitude, and to try to wari off the reproaches of his countrymen, who hoped better from him, Prince Ghika puts forward the plea that, his Government being only provisional, he should not be justified in making any change previously to the arrival ofthe Commissioners. Thisis certainly tracin,g for himself limits which have never been prescribed, and grievously diminishin'r his own value and importance. Accordingao this estimate;of what he is entitled to do, his sole duty would appear to be to nurse and watch over the legacy of injustice and corruption bequeathed to him by Prince Stirbey. There is much that he might do for which assuredly neither the Porte nor any of the Powersthat are to deliberate on the reorganization of the Principalities would have a right to blame him. He is losing an opportunity which he may never again have of justifying the good opinion entertained of him by his countrymen. He certainly avoids responsibility, but, since he so greatly fears that, he would have done better to decline power. His assumption of it was greeted by a universal expression of confidence on the part of the Vallachians, who joyfully anticipated that he would speedily prove by acts the sincerity of his love for them, and his desire for theirwelfare. They now complain that the reverse of the fable has befallen them, aud that they have got rid of King Storl onLy to find him replaced by King Log. Witlhout arrogating to himself powers that have not been conferred upon him, or laying himself open to a charge of makingchanges that ought to be left to the decision of Europe, he might do much to correct the arbitrary and illegal measures of the late Government, man to preare a better future for his unfortunate country. - In conformity with the permission granted, committees have been formed to supply the place of mewspapers, as far as may be, by correspondence. Their programme is the union of the two Principalities under the suzeraintM of the Porte, with an hereditary Prince, to be taken from a Royal family of Western Europe. The right of Voting atelections is to belong to proprietors, to licensed traders, -and to persons exercisinlg the liberal professions. *The feeling in favour of the anion is said to be widely extending itself in Wallachia, and, as in M§oldavia, to have spread from the towns to the rural distr cts. The -ubject to wlhich M. Louis Blanc returns in his letter inserted in your paper of yesterday is hardly one that would gain much by long discussion. It is a question of confidence and opinion. M. Bl1anc and his transported friends maintain black, and the friends of the French Government maintain white, and there is no possibility cf obtaining positive proof one way or the other. The parties to suich cases must stand upon their reputation. Those who stand highest in public opinion will find most believers. The question of the legality of the tribunals by whnich the Cayenne prisonaers were condemned might be made thle subject of endless discussion wvithout convincing anybody. There are cases where recourse to exceptional tribunals may bejustified by extraordinary circumstances. It is too soon to attempt to decide whether one of those cases occurred in 1852. History will settle that point hereafter. MA. Blanc is unwise in mixing uip the distinct questions of humanity and politics s and he is not very caudid when he takes the fact that seven of the persons who signed the letter to him are liberated galley slaves or sepris de jUs&ce a- proof that poltical prisoners and common convicts are herded together in French Guiana. The i3even persons in question had been condemned. for ordinary crimea and felonies, but, with the exception of one, who was an escaped convict, they had undergone. -iheir punishments when they again came within the grasp of the tribunals by tading paut in political plots and risings. The political and non-political ofender are not (to the best of my irformation and belief) associated in the French penal colony in question. The common felons are rn the Ile Royale and its dependencies. The political prisoners are at the establishment known as the ]3ourdu and on the fle du Diable. The separation is complete, and. the regulations, internal. administration, punishments, &c., are entirely different. The OssarvatoreTr.esfino announces that Baronde Hubner, Austrian zimbassador in Paris, embarked at Trieste on the 25th ult., for Corfu, whence. he vas to repair to Brindisi and Casteliamare, near Naples. - A letter from Marseilles or the 30th says that for some days a considerable numter of military operatives and hospital orderlies had arrived at the port of La Jolietite, together withthe employss of the fntendance, who resided at Constantinople antil its final evacuation. The 84th, the last rewg,ime:at of infantry which remained in the Turkish capital, had embazked for France, leaving behind only three mnen in the Hospital oi the Sisters of St. Vincent of Paul. The regiment has landed at Port Venirs, whence it is to proceed to Nantes. TUREY. (inos oUR oWN conRsProMADnr.) CONSTANOPME, AuG. 2L The question of Serpents' Island seems to complicate itself more than could have been expected in the first instance. Curcumstances have transpired which plainly show that the Rus-ian occupation was not due, as might have been supposed, to misundersteod instructions or over-zeal of the authorities at Odessa, but rather to positive instructions from St. Petersburg. In this stage of the question it will, theref'ore, not be amiss to give a narrative of the whole affair tip to this moment. The first news of the occapation was very vague. The Porte received an intimation from the officer commanding the Turkish party of 50 men sent to the island to restore the lighthouse, that a Russian detachment had lantded on the island. Neither the number of the Russian detachment, the manner of their arrival, nor the explanation made by them, was given in the first instance. In order to asCertaini all the details, which was necessary in order to judge of the nature of the Russian occupation, Lord Lyons despatched Her Majesty's ship Gladiator, Captain Hillyar, to the spot, while the Turkish Governmnent sent a commissioner there for the Samne object. The stews which they brougeht back was, as you know, that seven Russian marines, with a lieutenant, had come to the island, giving as the object of their arrival the restoring of the lighthouse. As the officer commanding the Turkish detachment had no instructions to prevent their landing-which he coulld easily have done, conside:nng that his force was not only superior in numbers, but was armed, while the Russians were not-*the Russians landed without opposition, and were quaartered in the only house which exists on the island, where they were living on the hospitality of the Turks, who treated them as their guests. Before these details arrived, which showed that the Turks, and not the Russians, were actually in possession of the island, and that the Turkish flag alone was waving over the lighthouse as a symbcl of their occupation, the simple fact of the Russian occupation was sent to England, the answeer to which was the order to Lord Lyons to remove the Russians from the isla-nd. By the time this ans ver arrived the Gladiator had lkewise arrived, bringing the above-mentioned details, which modi;ied considerably the first impression that prevailed whea the occupatiou became known, and under which impression the order to remove the Russians had evidently been given. T.he galant Admiral followed, therefore, more the spirit than the letter of this order and sent back CUaptain Rilyar, of the Gladiator, with instructiDns to ofier to the Russian lieutenant commanding the detachment on the Serpents' Island to give dim and his men a. passage to Odessa; and, if they did not consent to this, to proceed to Odessa and ask for their removal by tne authoritiies there. Captain Hillyar proceeded accordingly to the island and made his offer, which, as might be expected, was not accepted by the lieutenant, who excused himself by his orders tc remain on the island until further instructions from his superiors. So Captain Hillyar went to Odessa, and asked, accordingto his instructions, for theremoval of the Russian detachment on the Serpents' Island. The Governor asked for 48 hours' delay, to telegraph to St. Petersburg for instructions. The answer frim there was that the Russians could not be removed until the question of the Serpents' Island wras settled by the Conference at Paris. This answer gives a key to the view the Russians have taken uipon this question. They consider the Serpents' Island as part of the territory of Bessarabia to be annexed to MUoldavia, and they will not give up their pretensions to this part until the whole frontier question be settled and the matter finally arranged by the Conference of Paris, wAhich is to meet after the labours of the ComAmission in the Principalities have been brought to a close. According to the letter of the treaty the Russians are, of course, not obliged to give up, before the whole frontier question is settled, any part of the Be:sarabian territory which they actually pDSsess ; but it may be questioned whether they can be allowed to stretchl the letter of the treaty so far as to re-occupy a place about the cession of whichlthere ouight surely to be no doubt, and which they had abandoned. WhenCaptainIEllyarreceivedtheanswerat Odessa he returned to Serpents' Island and stationed himself there, sending down the gunboat which bad been put at his disposal with the news to the Adrairal, who sent back instructions to him to remain there in observation and prevent any attempts theRBussiasu might make to increase their force. This precaution was not useiess, as the sequel showed, for on Friday last, the 16th inst., a Russian steamer made her appearance before the island, having on board At. Botianoff, Conseiller d'Etat and Gentilhomme de la Cour, and a staff for the re-establishment of the lighthouse. The Conseiller d'Etat, -wvhen he made the Turkish commanderacquainted with hismission, which was to see the lighthouse restored, vas told that the thing had been done, and that the commuander of the Turkish detachment had :ao orders to receive any turther reinforcement of RiBs. sians on the island. Seeing that his intention of landing an additional force on the island hid been foiled by the precautions taken by Admn.al Lyons and the Turkish Government, M. Botianoff left in the evening in the direction of the mouths of the Danube. Captain Hillyar, suspecting that this was done with the view of taking the superior coinmanding Turkish officer there by surprise, and gain an order of admission through him to the island, sent the Snake gunboat, wvhich overtook and passed the Russian steamer, so that when ML Botianoffarrived he found the Turkish Commander aufait to what had passed and on his guard, and his object was foiled there just as well as at the island. Thus the question rests for the moment. It seems that if the alies forgot to mention the Serpents' Island in the treaty, the Russians have forgotteu to re-occupy it in time, and they are now tiyingto repair the omission, in which intention they hare been, however, hitherto foiled by the rapidity witlh -which the Turks restored the lighthouse and by the vigilance of Lord Lyons. The actual occupation and the keeping up of the lighthoulse by the Turks give these latter the benefit cf possession, which, in politics, may be said to be more than nine points of thc law. The Russian detach ment cannot be said to be in possession of the island, for they have noth;ing to do with the lighthouse, and it is the Turl;ish flag w hich is waving there. Mt. de Boutenieff has arrived at last. He osne 'in on Tuesday aftemnoon on board a small Russian steamer, and lazded at his palace at Bujukdere, over the gates of whichi the Imperial E agle had been pre-. vicusly replaced. Yesterday Mr. Argyropoulo, bisa first dragoman, the same w;ho accompanied Pricee Menachikoff in his mission, announced his arrival to the Porte. In consequence of Mt. de Bontcnief'sarsival Mehemed Krepresli Pasha was to leave to-dla . Last week several hundred Montenegrins and Crests, whio had bcen working in the different villages of the Bosplhorus, left thi!s place for their own country, with the un s fighting'there against the Turks. R USS IA. (EROx OUR BERMIT CQF.RWPONDMrr.) BEEIJN, AUG. 30. Russian news just now is little else than an account of the preparations for the coronation, the rivalries of the ambassadors i matters of exDense, the great pains taken by this one to please, and the zonchalan,ce oI another about the whole affair. As politics in the Ruwian capital are just now of th's trivial nature, perhaps the following little episode, which is working a revolution in the goIdsmiths' shops there, may not be out of,' place:-On one occasion of Count de Morny's being in company there a brilliant breast-pin that le wore becamns the object of much observation and admiration; at length a lady of sufficiently ligh rank to admit of her doing so made some remark on its beauty^ in accordance vwith which he drew it from the breast of his shirt and handed it to her admiring inspection. When the admiration wasabout exhausted he observed that what conferred value on the ornaiment in his eyes was hid from the view of others inr an almost invisible capsule; on his opening this capsule an exquisite miniature of the EmpresS Eug6me became visible. Ever since that evening all-the goldsmiths and jewellers of St. Petersburg have been overrun with orders for capsules to be fitted to rings and breast-pins, and if the demands of the fermale public went no farther tho said goldsmiths would, doubtless, have shown themselves equal to the crisis; but, unfortunately, the capsules are only required for the purpose of containing Eug6nie portraits. Unforbunately for the satisfaction of all parties, the ar' of painting is somewhat behindhaud in Russia, particularly miniature painting; the few foreign artists wlo flourish in St. Petersburg, are equal to the supply of any number of goggle-eyed, staring, por-. traited monsters, but such delicate stippling as is here required is above their powers, and it is presumed that Count de Mormy will receive a very wholesale request to get ovee an ample supply of Eug6nie porthaits from Paris. Aletterfrom Vienna inthe Ha mZmurga-BUrsenR alle endeavours to show that the delay that took place in Prince Esterhazy presenting his credentials, and which prevented his keeping that start of his British and French colleagues or rivals which he had already obtained by the rapidity of his motions, arose n-t from the Prince's having left his credentials behind him by mistake, but by their not having been ready for him when he left Vienna. It had, howvever, been arranged that a special courier should take them to him by the shorter route of Stettin, and so catch him up in timne; bDUt, unfortunately, the great pressure of busiaess in the Austrian Foreign-ofiice prevented their beinug got ready sufliciently early for himn to receive them before the other ambassadors had already been presented. Much stress is laid upon the Prince's chivalric resolution to take the whole blame upon himself, by spreading the report that he had himself left his papers behind him; and this whole letter, which comes from an offcieux pen, appears to be little more than an attempt to equal him in generosity and frankness. Lord Granville is sooken of in letters of the 24th inst. as having already left St. Petersburg, where he had not appeared to feel himself particularly comfortable and at home. Among other contretemps is mentioned the destruction of a very pretty ornamental boat that he had taken out with him, and which in the days of its early beauty had attracted a great deal of notice and been much admired: t now lies a wreck on the banks of the Neva, calculated to inspire the passers-by with moral reflections on the transitoriness of mundane glory. In various German papers there is a description of the presents which Prince Friedlich Wilhelm of Prussia takes to Moscow. The present that emanates from the King is described as consistiug of a large golden medal, about four inches in diameter, with the Russian and Prussian eagles in brotherly embrace; the periphery of the medal is set with (0 brilliants, and the ezgles themselves are formed of various coloured precious stones. This costs about 30,000 thalers. The present which the Queen sends to the Empress consists of the Order of tne Swan -which she has herself always worn; the chain is formed of golden E's and swans alternately, and upholds an enamelled swan, the plumage of which is sown vith brilliants. The value of this is 50,000 thalers. The only point connected with the story which the papers leave out is that it is altogether a fable. PORTUGAL. (FROr OUR oWNi CORRiSEONDENT.) LISBON, AUG. 25. This capital continues perfectly tranquil, nor have I heard of any more bread riots in other parts of the country. The cholera continues to decrease, and now that it may be said to have left Lisb n, a few cases have occurred in the neightbouring villages, as also at Cintra, whence thle King and Royal family returned yesterday to the Lisbon Palace, not, however, on account of the cholera, butfor the purposeof going over the Santarem Railway, which the engineers have declared fit for trafEc as far as Carregado. The great difficulty has been t! e bridge of Sacavem, which His Majesty's parly passed in perfect safety last evening; and althouch they never arrived at Carregado, the fault did n t lie in the road, whicn was in good order, but in tl e engine, which got disarraneed near Allbandra, beirg midway betweer Lisbon and Carregado. Ti e Royal party had to return to Alverca on foot, and being kunder the necessity of waiting for another locomotivefrom Lisbon, did not getbacktotown until after midnight, to the no small relief of the Minister of the Interior the only member of the Cabinet remaining in Lisbon, the other Ministers having accompanied the Royal party. Fortunately, ro injury was done to any one by the misbehaviour of the engine, and His Majesty will, no doubt, try the railroad again and be more successful in the course of a few days. The French steamers Prince Jerome and Phlegcton are here, but wre have no Britisn ship of war in the Tagus. SPAIN. (soOM OUR owN 0oRMsPONfD=.) BAYONNE, FRIDAY, AuG. 29. You are already avware of the arTival in Bayonne, en rouite for Paris, of (General Serrano-I beg pardon, DiVarshal Serrano ;-for successful insurrection has been no less profitable in military promotion ani honours to him than to Narvaez and many othf r Generals of modern Spain. M. Olozaga went acro.s the frontier to Irun to meet his successor, and accompany him to Bayonne; and on the second day after his arrival the Marshal had his audience *f the Elmperor. M. Pacheco, the newly-appointcd Minister to London, has also arrived at Bayonne, on the way to his post. He will probably rema n a few days here, and will consult with hIs confrere of Paris. The instructions of botl, as to the language to be held on behalf of the Spanish Government to the Cabinets of England and France, is pretty much the same. I believe that both England and France have given nearly smnilar advice to O'Donelel as to his future policy. I have already alluded to the reply of the Enalish Government when asked if there was any objection on their part to receive M. Pacheco as Anmbassadao-. A subsequent communication has been made through our Charge d'Affaires at Mladrid to the Spanish Government, recommending the adoption of a tolerant and liberal policy and Of a constitutional Administration. In a word, nothing could I e better than the advice given to General O'Donnell. 1 cannot affirm whether an identical communication has been made by the French Government, Iout I have good reason for I alieving that the opiniots and wishes of the Emperor Napoleon on that subjeLt do not differ much from those of Lord Clarend,n. On a recent oeasion the Emperor expressed hims, f very frankly, and I should say very warmly, on tbe question. England and France, he said, had no longer any undignified rivalry in Spain. He wishad and hoped that General O'Donnell would avoid a3l reactionary measures, and govern constituitionallr, though not weakly. The Emperor seems so litfe., disposed towvards a reactionary policy that he has expressed his disapproval of the ab o-: lute dissolution of the National Guard. As a: general rule, -his Majesty thinks it unstatesmanlike and imprudent to adopt any measure of an irritating kind, for which there is no paramount necessity. On the same oCCasion the Emperor alluded, in marked terms, to the Anglo-French alliance, whicY he stil thinks indispenisable for the tranquillity o£ Europe. It is-not mierely as regards the north thit he believes that alliance to be necessary; Englan I and France should also be united on the questisas of Spain and Italy. I cannot say whether the Emperor feels any serious doubts of the dturation of peace; bat I believe he does not think that Enlg- land and France would be justified in doing angthing which -would render {hemn less effective in action than they have heen. Of the daily habits of the little Court of B'arritz there is not -mich to be said. The Empreas enjoys her sea bathing with as much pleasure and w,itt as little etiquette as when she was a comparatively obscure frequenter of this delightful watering-place. The Emperor and she walk on the beach, the heig,hts, or the rocks like anyone else, vwithout the least state. They have their little dinner parties and receptions, to. wfhich the local authorities and a few? friends and relations of Mademoiselle Titontijo (before Mademoiselle Montiio dreamt of being an Empress) are, o course, invited. Theirlife passes very simply and very agreebly, and, but for the greater number of visitors wfhom the presence of the Emperor in such a plaee naturally attracts, no other change is observable. The Emperor and E m,,ress mnay be met everyv day wandenng amorg the i'highways and byways"' of the towvn and liberties of Biarritz. They and the Imperial infant are in excellent health, so far as appearances can be triusted. _ .
MILITARY AJJ NZAVAL LEYLLIG.ENCE. The following is from our Malta correspondent under date' of August 27:- "'The American steamer Star of the South arrived from. Constantinople on the 24th, with 284 French offirers, noncommissioned officers, and privates. "The Demetrius screw-steamer arrived from Liverpool on thc 25th, and left on tho same day for Beyrout- " The Ava, Peninsular and Oriental Compaiy's steame', arrived from Alexandria on the 25th, bringing, among other passengers for Marseilles, Captain Sha-esneare, Dr. Bradley, Captain Bonlbay, Mr. and Mrs. Holton, the Pesninalar and Oriental Company' agent at Alexandria, on sick leave, ana Captain Stewart; and for Southampton, Brigadier-General - Pottingal, Lieutenant Jackson, Major-General T-aylor, Depty Commissary-General Williams, Captain Bowers, Dr. Barton, Dr. Pickthorne, R.N., Dr. Farquhar, Lieutenant Collins, Lieutenant Malloek, and Dr. Lumsdairx. The Ava left on the same afternoon for Southampton, conveyin also from Malta Surgeon Fergusson, Lieutenant Fortescee, Lieutenant Timmins, Lieutenant Cahill, Pureyor Stoodley and family, Lieutenant Suclling, and 15 militarv invalids. " The Valetta, Peninsular and Oriental Comnay's steampaoket, with the overland India mails for Engld left for Marseilles on the 25th, conveying passengers for that port, brought by the Ava, and likewise Major-General Storks, Captain Macdonald, Mr. Dickson, interpreter; Captain and Mrs. Stran-er. "The Ottoman steam-frigates Assain, Taveret, and V3ssitaT Tigdjaret arrived from Tunis on the 26th, the latter bringing Emin Boy Pacha and suite. "Tho City of London (No. 9) stean transport, with the remainder of the Anglo-Italian Legion, leaves for England thismorning. " An attempt has been made to assassinate the superintendent of the Marine Police at Malta. Shortly afoer noon, on the 25th of August, as the Hon. Captain Thomas Graves, R.N., the superintendent of the ports at Malta, vwas about entering a calesse, in Strada Reale, to embark for England in the Ava. on leave, a Maltese waterman rushed upon him, and inflicted two wounds in his stomach ; but, fortunately not injuring any vital part, so that no serious consequences aro anticipated. The miscreant, w-ho vras arrested on the spot, with the bloody knife in his hand, gloried in the act, expressing his regret that it was not more deadly. He assigns as a motive for its commission the having had his boat hauled up and suspended from plying for a mxortnight for an offence whEich he considered nnwvortnv of such he-wy pSunshment."} The Lords of the Admiralty continued their visit at Portsmouth yesterday. Theyproceeded to the Royal Naval Hospital at Haslar at 10-30, and were received by Czptain Superintendent J. R. Dacres, C.B., and the unval and medical staff. Theirinspection of the hospital and the gunboat berthing ships occupied theme until noon, when they left for tae Royal Marine Light Infantry head-quarters at Fort-on, where they were received by Coloniel-Commandant Graham, C.B., and the divisional staff. After an hour spent in the inspection of this corps, the Board left and proceeded to the Royal Clarence Victualliag-yard, Gosport, also under the superintendence of Captain 3;acres This establishmaent engaged an hour of the official tour, after whicht heyvisited the Royal Marine Artillery head-quarterat the Gun-wvbarf B3rracks, Portsmouth, whence they embarked on board their yacht Osborne. - Yesterday morning the conrt of inquiry, composed of officers of the Royal Engineers, re-assembled at Bnompton. barracks, Chatham, under the presidency of Major C. D. Robertson, R.E., for the purpose of instituting somi, further inquiries into the circumstances connected with the premature explosion of the mine, which occurred during the late siege operations on Chatham Lines, before his Rloyal High. ness the Duke of Cambridge. The court sat a considerable time, but the nature of the proceedings have not transpired, Colonel Tulloh, superintendent of the carriage square in the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, who has been on siclk leave for the last tvo months, has announced his intention of returning to his department this week. On Saturday last 26) artisans and labourers, whose services are not now required, were dismissed. A small portion of them were reengaged in the storekeeper's department. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Captain Charles Barker, to the Retribution; Lieutenant Thomas J. Young, to the Inflexible; J. S. Murray, midshipman, to the Recrnit.
THE GaERM.ff LEGMO AND THE CAPR. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMIES. Sir,-It is proposed to send out German soldiers fiom the Foreign Legion, arnmed with Enfieldrifles, to become settlers on the Eastern frontier df the Cape of Good Rope. Ehould any such plan be carried into effect, it will bo the cause (.f endless confusioji, miseiy, and bloodshed in taat already "debateable"land. Mercenaries wouldsoon,bytheiraggresI sive conduct, make inveterate -enemies of all the native tribes, and afterwards coalesce with our more civilized and much-inajured enemies, the expatriated Dateh boers, In -stating this I advance no fanciful theory, but one fc.nded on a personal knowledge of Southern Africa, and an attentive study of our relatiors with the native tribes. Le. but a trial be niade ot the plan I long since sumeste to the " powers tiat be"-let fodl amnesty for the past be offered to the expatriated'Datch boers-let a belt of Aertile land, extending between the Xciskamma and the KFe, be offered to these brave and hardly-used men.-let thii tr. t of ecuntry so occupied lbe aclnowledged as an independent IStat6 under'Britishsprotection, on condition that theui kee the rtatiie tribis- f r-o m our' orn. frontter, rd ourolnyw [ be cheaply ana1d scurely;-protected, aand without either Oetman rder6eLaries or English rifles. } Im, Sir. &6.-. - - E. NAPWR .Colonel.- mLiviJ tInployeEL On pti!tam Brtvioe at tLie olpe.
A , - - AfOYBY-MARK-PTandOIry I-N'TBLLIG-RYCB. 1 I Monday ZVmilng. The Englisli funds opened this morning at an advance of an eighth ;but it was not supported, adthough a heavy decline in the corn-market and improved prices from Paris were calculated to operate favourably. Consols for money were first quoted 95! to y, and they left off at 95 to I for money aud 05; toi for the 10th inst. Consol scrip closed 30 to pm.; Bank Stock, 219 to 220; Reduced, 951 to i; New Three per Cenit, 95g to 96; India Stock, 233 to 236; India-bonds, 13a. to 1Xs pm.; 1Exchequer-bonds, l00* to i; nd E;chequer-hill, 12. to los. pm. Foreign securities have not exhiibited any great variation, but Mexican was rather firmer. For money thetransactions were at 23l and for the account at 227, 23, 22, and 23. In Turkish Six per Cents. the bargains or the account took place at 1031, and in the Four per Cents. Guaranteed. for the account at O03-. The general business comprised-Brazilian Five per Cents., 103; Sardinian Fiveper Cents., 92; Spanish Three per Cents., 45k- and the New Deferred, 25i. T the c*rn-mnaret this morning the supplies were of inferior quaity, and a decline was submitted to of 6s. from the rates of this day week. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 60c. for money, and 71f. Sc. for the next account, showing a recovery of more than a quarter per cent. The specie brought to-day by the West Indian and American steamers amoUnts to 730,0001., of which 220,000l. is gold, and the remainder silver principally in dollars. The gold will all go to the continent. The overland mail of the 3d inst. is expected to take out nearly 800,0001., principally silver for China. The letters from Hamburg describe an inreasea scarcity of money, the rate of discount having adva=xed to 7 per cent. The effect of the diminution of 700,0001. in the Bank bullion which took place in July, just after the inflation consequent on the reduction of the rate of discoun' to 44e per cent., has manifested itself during the past month in checking the manufacture of new eompanies. During the first half of the present year the sums demanded by projectors amounted to an average of 3,900,0001. per month. In July the ardour increased, and the total proposed to be employed was 5,370,0001., the unfavourabie feature of the proportion of foreign being in excess of home schemes having also become more iromi- nent. In the past month the amotmt has faillen one-half, and, although it has reached 2,540,0001., v;hich is at the rate of more than 30,000,0001. per annum, it assumes by comparison an appearance of great modertion. Annexed is the list International Coasting Company ... ... ... 324,00 Timber Bending Patents Company ... ... 100,000 New Orleans and Jackson Railroad Bonds ... 450,000 I General Credit Company ... ... ... ... 20,000 Banl of Toronto 500,OOi., of which 100,OO;O. is desired at present ... ... ... ... 100,0DD Levant Mineral Company ... ... ... ... 250o000 Hannibal and St. Joseph Railway (Missouri) ... 200.000 British Steamn Fisheries Company ... 100,000 L-mdor Discount Company ... ... ... ... 3,000 000 Some of the above schemes will involve no drain on the money-market. One million of the amount is for the London Discount Company-a species of establishment which can beget no danger beyond that of stimulating undue speculation at some future period. The International Coasting and the British Steamn Fisheries Companies, which take 420,0001., merely propose facilities for developing our own commerce and productions, and the Timber Bending Company is for promoting a patent which, if it realizes its promises, will operate in the direction of economy, rather than expenditure. The Levant iMlineral Company do not propose apparently any risk of moncy in exploring doubtful mines, but simply to work on a large scale certain formations of emery stone already vielding definite supplies. The only objectionable point, therefore, in the above list consists in the totals to be sent to Canada and the United States, whither, in addition to what is drawn forth by public advertisements and companies, there is always a large private drain of British capital. The aggregate this month is 7 w0000!. which will al be drawn rapidly, and which is mostly proposed for railways in the South- Western States, of which the investors can know little beyond the representations they receive from interested agents. Meanwhile, not only are other borrowers daily arriving from the United States to obtain, on the first turn of the market, new advances on first, second, or third mortgage bonds of railroads in every imperfect stage of construction, but orders are being sent hence for direct purchases, which have already, according to the last New York advices, operated unfavourably on the rate of exchange, and checked those remittances of bullion on which we must partly rely to meet our requirements for the Continent and China. Advices from Sydney have been received by the overland mail to the 6th of June, being 13 days later than those vif CaUao, recently brought by the West Tndia steamer. Business had been less active, and complaints are again made of the extent oI the shipments from England, the stocks of merchandise ontinuing to show an increase. The result of the London February sales had caused a rise in wool of Id. to 2d. per lb., but the taUowmarket was inactive. The latest dates from this side were to the 5th of March. The Walter Hood had sailed on the 5th of June vith 4,734 ounces of golddust and 4,200 sovereigns, making a total value of 23,1361., and theEKent was to leave on the 7th of June. The steam postal question still constituted a main topic of discussion. The accounts from the manufacturing towns for the past week report no c lhanges, except such as are favourable. At AManchester business has still beenrather limited, but the Birmingham advices describe an improvement in the iron trade, owing to orders from the United States, while there has also been increased activity in the general occupations of the place, most of them having been assisted by a good. Australian demand. At Nottingham there has been a large attendance of buyers on home account, as well as for America and Germany. In the woollen districts the transactions have likewise been to a full extent, and in the Irish linen-markets prices are well maintained. The commercial advices from New York this week describe a further slight decline in the stock-market. Eefe Railroa unus quoted im 5po; Reading, 109ou DIUmois Central, 109 ; aand IlIIinois Central13onds, 91. Panama hadl faUen to 93-3, the particulars of the proposed interoceanic railway of 161 mniles across the State of Honduras having iust been pu'blished. Th Txhaae wachangei leSs fag3inles lefaorbor En ngland, the effects o unisually heavy im portations of our manufactures having been counteracted by numerous orders from Londona for American securities. A circular just issued from the Inland Revenueoffice contradicts a statement furnished from the sameoffice tfleo y ears back, to the effet that under the new stamp law checks received within 15 miles from the place where they wereddrawnmight be carriedibeyondbtndisthane and remitted for colecinwithout the necessity for a stamp. The law officers, it appe , have now decided that a stamp is nececsarv. The ere, at length bbe cnsidered settled; but it hr hath public should be ex pected to understand th when those by whom thy are, prepared and administered are constantly found incapable of interpreting them. The departures from the port of London for the Auistraliau colonies during the past week have comprised 11 vessels-4 to Port Phillip, 3 to Sydney, 1 to Portla:id Bay,n1 to Aucklt and, to Adelaide, and 1 to Swan River, * ith an aggregate capacity of 8,944 tons. The rates of freight exhibit little alterationa In the general buisiness of the port of London during the week, although the arrivals have been less numerous, there has been considerable activity. The nmiuber of vessels reported inward from foreign ports- was 227, being 64 less than in the 7previous -week. - The arrivals of sugar have been large, comprising 23 cargoes. Therehave also been two cargoes -of tea; and within the same period 36 vesesels, .h.ely laden with grain, corn, and flour, have reported. The number of ships cileared outward wtas 163, including the large niumber of 35 in bal7ast, showing -an increase of 23 over the last acount. The following is from the Committee of M Iexican B oondholders :- . ;'The committee have received advices from Mr. White- Vead, dnted Mexico, the 2d ult.,and also a letter from hin, w hich has beeii missng, dated 3d July last. The law of 'desiamortizaion-ol miortnmain property (ecclesiastical and Xecular) of the 28th of June had as yet met with no very ormidable opposiitibn. nd the new Ministear of Finance was justifing tbe anatiCipati6nS formed of the char cter of his dmninistration, but G eneralVidaurri had. declare d against the C entral G omrnnient. The egslature g ofCat huuia Was, I I I i I bowever. esdaora oha hsbges4h, andi1from adricei, of the 9th nit., reoeivedrUi Umited States~, it would fteem that tbl bad )een attended 'wit'h aene aUIOcen Ia FIAt) bringafor the dividend fund $W,0 rmYnCu n $1Q000 from Tampico. jO rmV = =. "Tho commiitee ba be infonmed -bY the finaefa agency of .Mexioo in ladosdt -that the term withiw"! bch Memsrs. de Lizardi and co. are to dnliver ut the deferred bonds is5ued in excee in en the- , version of 1837 baa been prologed - til! the 2iaI Of October. With refersnoe to theopongva to Messrs. do Lizardi and Co. to delver up ethm' deferred bonds or active bonds of the last isue at the tf g of 60-active for 100 deferred the M-i-can Governent in reply to Colonel Facio's observation on the differenee in ti t value of active bonds st that rate, and of deferred bonds aura which there is a cam for arrears of interest, has fonne him, a well as Messrs. de Lzardi and Co., that the alter tire conceded was only meant to apply to a certain mtmb C of deferred bond- Which a clerk of the said house Was,} alleged to have abstracted, and that the intent ad inen. iag of the agreement of the Mexican Government with-'3 3lesrs. de Ilzardi andCo. (dated 21st of February last) waa.- that all the deferred bonds issued in excess were tobs delivered up and cancelled without its putting the Governe merit to the expense of a single dollar." - - r . And the folloUwing is from Colonel Facio, the Mdexi-.3 can financial agent*- ':M3exican Debt.-By the poyal West India steamer La Plats, jnst arrved, $75,000 hlve been received from Veri . Cruz andTampico. Besidestheakbovesc,a,33.2304 O. 0-ld.- is already deposited in the Bank of Engnland. The annexed are froM nmimng companies:- " aniquita.-The directors have received despatches, of,E which the followmng is an abstract:-Santa Ana Mines&: fo ue 80-olst, $7,404; return, $11,208. 31armato., Mimes for May, 1856.-Cost, $12,842; returns, 913,160. Purina 3Mies,foirMay.S58 ' r1lJ,37y :eired, by La Flats steamer, golddust, the 'uroduce of its F=n1no, 410r, being 260f. for Bl'va n ,00 for . The advices by the last China mail mention thit the establishments of Messrs. Gilman and Co., at1 Foo-Chow-Foo, were aeged to have been destroyed' by fire; but the London agents of that firm are' in receipt of inteEigence that the report was withiout foundation. The dividends on the Cuba loans of 1834 and.- 1837 have been advertised for payment. The agent3 - have also Fublished the particulars of bonds d2awn under the operation of the sinkdng fund. - According to the circular of .L Arles Dufour, the Lyons silk-market during the past month hacontinued to show great activity. Prices had, already reached a point to induce many manufacturers to put loom1 out of employment, but the operations of speculators have caueed a fresh rise. The principal houses are waiting with some anxiety to observe the extent of the American orders, which may be expected to arrive in September and October, and which tlhs year must be at an advance ofbetween 30 and 40 per cent. The following satisfactory account of the ya-- chester markets during the past month is Lon M_essrs. Robert Barbour andBrother - "This district fully parcipated in the buoyant feeling imparted to the commerce of the country by the brilliant weather which prevailed-atthe commencement of the month. Iarge orders were given out for future delivery, which have since kept makers wvelleagaged. Dnring the last fortnight a slight reaction has taken place, some ansiety being caused by the uncertainty of the harvest- prices, howveNer, l:een firm, the only exception being a sLight dealine in some a the staples adapted for the India ma;rkets. The home trade has been active. Continental buyers have entered into. large transactions. From Calcutta the accounts are dull' and unsatisfactory. In Bombay the monsoon has beea favourable, and the business season, which opens at this.- time, is expected to be good. The accounts from China nra dull as regards goods, but yarns have improved in value at Canton. An advantageows business continues to be done to the Brazils and the Idver Plate, but tho West Coast markets. are overstocked. The autumn purchases for the North American colonies have b-on made with caution, and are rather under the average. As a whole, the trade of the district, though not brisk, is in a sound and healthy condition. The present prices, compared vith those curenttowards the close of laist year, showv an advance of 10 to 15 per cent. cotton during the samne interval not having risen ia proportion, the position of the spinner and manufacturer has been gradually improving."X
TERf aTIoN OF TlED CoLIeE' SprxF.L T B&PSLEY.-This struggle, which lass extended over a pesiod of 10 weeks, was brought to a sudden termination on Saturdaay last in conseqtence of a umbper of the men having sigoel aoticles to woik for the proprietors l he result was, thae eoverEd more were expected to foalow, vhen the committbe at once resolvedl to dooz the strike. Thev rnet at the radlt: inn on Saturday morning, 3fr. Siddons'inx the chasir. The rol having bee cal ed, it wo agreed that those menagr. had beenx applying for work at the Oa'ks Colliery shouldl 3i0 be admitted. On the motion f Mr. Cle it was resolved. That after the funds at present in hand had been dividel on Monday next the struhgle in whshibe they herid bee engaged shouldptrminate*adt,hat thos menwh o tho,nd L,h fit to accept work- should not in any way be interfered Witl bv those who dclined to work under the present manager.' The maen presenit declared their intention of seetiog worc elsewhere, rather than ran the rislk of aggain working mndc thegpesent management. The strikebas beena SeriDitSI oa have been compelled to .get Their asopphes from otler quarters. TaxE Tiii TIuiuz Sept. 1.-The deliverie. ink L4ndou,- estimated for the wreek, wvere 72613741b., b.ing an- i ocrease of 52POlb., compared 7ith the preiu.
TRAFFIC OVER WBSTMINSTER-BBIDGE. The following table, showing the trafiic of various kinds that passed over Westminster-blidge from 6 o'clock a.m. to 8 o'clock p.m. on the 27th and 28th of last month (August), will exhibit to some extent the districts from which and to which the traffic is carried. TRAFFIC FROM TEE MMhDLESEX TO THE SUREY SDE OF IMP OPmn- It wVill be seen that 4,432 vehicles of all kinds, including saddle horses, come from Charing-cross and the north down to the bridge, 3,156 from Victoriastreet and the Birdeage-walk, and 449 from Abingdon-street. It will be further seen that 4,683 come from the Surrey side of the bridge to Charirg-cros3 and the north, 2,849 to Victo:-ia-street and the Birdcage-walk, and 530 to Abingdon-street.
BESSEMEI'S IArPBOVEAFENT ILV THE MANU. IACTURE OF MALLEABLE ThON. TO THE EDITOR OF THE: TIMES, Sir.-In your columns this morning a letter appears from Mr. James Nasmyth claiming to have been the first to originate and to carry into successful nractice the system upon which Mr. Bessemer's plan of mainufactuxing malleable iron is founded, at the same time hononrably disclaimng the idea of detracting in the least degree from the high merit of Mr. Bessemer. Perhaps I may be allowed to give this wonderful discovery a step in advance by stating what I have done practically in relation to the matter. It was in the year 1843 that I took a patent for blowinpg furnaces with highly heated or dry steam, and f used it suecessfully in a small foundry until 1850. My object in stating this is, not to m_ke any claim to aIr. Bessemer's process for manufacturing malleable iron, for my plan was for melting only. It may, however, tend to strengthen the good opinion that is generally entertained of Mr. Bessemer' process that I am enabled to state, from practical experience, that highly heated steam combined with air may be used a4y:ntageously by Mr. Bessemer. It lis been objected that great power will be required to compress the air sufficiently for the blast of Ir.,Bessemer's furnace, but I can stats that I am now nsing steam practicaDy at a pressure of. l,6Olb. to thesquare inch, which force is more than sufficient to dispense with the blovwng machinery altogetSher, and at no further costof fael than would be necessary to generate the steam. I am. Sir. you- obedient servant. A. WL PERKINS.- - ti, Fkracfs-street, Regent-square, Nept. L A HBIo nz DIisTiss.-The. Lincoinshire papers state that an old soldier, who has seen four- score years, and Wears the Peninsular medal with eight clasps, bearingamong others the names of Vittoria, Salamanca, and.Badaj6z, one of the men, too, who assisted to bury General SirJohn Mfoore, with his martial c101a around him," at -Co n is in & atate of destitution Fwith his wife at Coleby nsear Licoln. Ho has been working on the highway hut the overseers have refused to allow hun~ an,y further works HIis namle s WliaLam Hall, and he has a pension of PCd, a-dayz,
!HE: COBR7Z TADE. MIARK-LANE, LOIDiy A noN. S=. 1. * ists weeJes supplies were good, English barley excepted. The exports were 2,7133 quirters wheat, 250 quarters malt, 50 quarters cats, 7-3i qwurters maize, and 520 sacks of flour. Of English wheat there were 6,582 quarters, of foreign 23.332 quarters, more than half being Russian. The morning's supply from Rent and Essex was fair, and prineipaUy new. Fino weather continuing, there was a very heavy trade; really dry and fine now samples, as well as old, were about 3s. to 4s. per quarter cheaper; bat inferior condition, of which the bulk consisted, sold bat slowly at a decline of 6s. to 7s. per quarter. Foreign, though not offered lowe-, might have besn procured on easier terms. The country flour consisted of 10,310 sacks, triat from I America being 9,983 barreLs, with 20 sacks f-om Donkirk. lNorfolks could only be quitted at zv reduction of fully os. per sack, the top price being 48s. Barrels were also ls. to 2s. cheaper; but town-made retained its price. There were only 670 quarters of English barley, with 9,809 quArters from abroad. The high rates made buyers cautions, without producing a deoline. Malt was a dull sale, at former quotations. Of oats there were but 17,696 quarters in aU-4,000 quarters being Irish, 600 quarters British, and the rest from the continent, but principaly Russian. The tone of the market was generaly improved, and on some Russian samples 6d. per quarter more money was made. Of beans the quantity was 1,010 quarters, including 295 English. Peas in all were but 383 quarters, including 240 foreign. Both these descriptions of pulse sold at unaltered rates. The supply of linseed, including about 1,200 quarters Russian, was 8,123 quarters. Without much activity, former prices were maintained both for seed and cakes. A good supply of new vhite mustard. IHempseed was on show of fair quality, but the high prices demanded made buyers reserved. Canary, hempseed, rapeseed, and other kinds of seeds unaltered. CURRNT PRICES OF BRITISH GRAIN AND ELO tN MARK-LNE. SbfhMngs per qeiarter. Wheat-Essex and Rent, white, new.. .. 70 to 74oextra- o 78 Ditto, ed. new 62-68 --70 Norfolk, Lincolnhlrr, and orkshbre red,. 62-68 --70 Baleey-Malting, new * 42 - 48 Chevalner , 46- 50 Distilling AO-44 Grinding3-9 at- leer, Norfolk, and Suffolk .. . 69- 7 --- 76 Kingston, Ware, and town-made . 69 - 73 --77 Brownl .. .. .. .. .. 63-C4 Rye- --~~~~~~~~~~~~~44 Oats 5inglishifeeda 28- 28 Potato 28-33 Potato s 29-33 }ris iced, white: neei 5n-28 Ditto bladk. 22 - 24 "n- 5 Ticks.. 35-36 H aarrow 33-380 Pigeon 3-4 We- _hitebolerl , 42-45 Maple .40-41 C r a y Gry..37 -39 Townr-ade,perck.201b.,nlouseia d 53 fana 63-64 Coun nt ey. 4 Ditto, bonseholds * 48-49 Norfolk and SBufolk, exehip , 47 48 FrOREIGN GRAIN. Wheat-Dantiro, unlxed 76 to 78 high ma _ex. "oniabg . 74 -78 .. --75 -82 Ro~etoet. 72- 76 Eine - so --8 Anerimn, white 66 8 70 red -- E - 668 Poinera., Meekb., and Ucheer3lr, red 7-78 74 - 78 iezian,red . 67-72 wbite 73-76 mlafn 63 - 668 - 70 Odessa, St. Petera- bu-7. , *- Rin 54- 53 fine . . -61 Distilling and Pls43 27 -321 E iDi dittt f red.23-27 Danish and Swedish feed .23-27 Stralsund.11 Beans- Freirland and Hols:ein Ss3 Konigpberg . . 39 Peas- tSisg . * .-.* - * - * - *-31-33 Peas- . .. . .. .. .. ..38 -40 Fineboilers. 42 -44 Iadian .:fi . : :: :: : : : : :: 32-*33 Yellow.30-_.35 Flour- Spanlh, perEack .. .-.5 Arei per banal . 32 -34 Ditte.aweetditto . 3a-3f SEEDS. orei, winter, per bushel -7a6 8 Coanaery perwLy.29- 24 tas per qr 0rs-7ing7 72 Rapescea,ger.?£, eert.£n10 - *O Cake, gerton.. . . E s - (From the ffea-k Lane Exprews.) With the state of the weather greatly improved, a full week having been fine, some showersalone excepted, a great aceal or corn has been carried, and much more would have bccn ct-lA hne+, for the general deficiency of labour. In the south and west, where -b. o;.. -e -me io- .r - some local injury by sprouting, the high temperature and heavy fall of rain coming on very ripe and dry samples, the damage being more extensive in the barley, though we hope not very serious as a whole. Oats appear to have suffered only slightly, but the excessive wet haas delayed the digin of potatoes and somewhat increased the disease. The sout of lrelandhas also experienced some harm from the forwardness of the season; but Scotland and the northern counties of England generally will be rsther benefitted than injuriously affected, the beating of the corn heimg more than counterbalanced by the renewed growth of the grass, the hirnips, and other roots. The relief to anxiety thu s given to the nationat amostcritiealtimerTenewvsita obligationa; a nd let us hopethat thelarge amountof produce yet to be gatheredwile be safely stored. As respects the cbaracter of the new wheat already saved, there can be no difference of opinioni with reference to its general superiority to that of last year. In some localities, moreover, the yield is excessive, but thera Will be some in bad condition, and some sadly sprouted. Though, as in all seasons, the inferior soils are defiment, the favourable accounts undoubtedly prevail, with a considerable increase grown. Barley being a more limited crop, still further reduced in its quality fit for malting, by the wet, the best kinds seem certain to rule high. Oats appear fine, with a full average. Beans and peas, especially te latter, excEed it. The early country marketshave been unsettled and irregular, with the general tendency towards advance for wheat, under doubtful weather. Buyers, however, have been cautious, and husinessonthesmallest scale, and the lastinarkets show decline. In floating cargoes more has been doing, and maize has attracted attention at higher rates, from the certainty that the growth of barley must he short. Xsafat wheat has brought 50s.; Danube, 4Ss. Cd.; AMarianopoli 65s. to67s.; Ghirka, 5Ss. to 6Os.; Egyctian Bebara, 42s. Bd.; and Saide, 44s. Gd. per quarter. Maize at 32s. to 35s., and for Odessa, 36s. 6d. per quarter, was demanded. Kubanira for Lisbon has brought 6s.per quater, cost, freight, and insurance included. The saes last reported were, 40,895 quarters of wheat, at 6Ss. ld., against -71104 quarters last year. The London averages were for 3,461 quarters, at 76s. ld. The foreign imports for the week ending August 27, in wheat and flour, were 178.600 quaiters. The London market on Monday was well supplied with foreign wheat, principally Baltic-Russian, though the morning's semples irom Kent and Essex were not abundant, and consisted chiefly of new wheat of fair quality and condition. The weathLer having much improved during three days, though still somewhat threatening, there :was less eagerness on the part of millers than on the previous Friday, and sales were made without the same excitement at an advance of 2s. to 3s. per quarter on the former M1onday. Several country buyers appearing, there was a better demand for foreign samples at about an equal advance, especially on Russian descriptions which, from their relatively low rates, attracted attention. On Wednesday the supply coastwise was 710 quarters, with 12,430 quarters foreign. The weather having partly taken-up, with fairer promise, trade generally was dull both in English and foreign, sales being less readily made than on last market-day. On Friday the quantity per coast was 1,350 quarters, the foreign being 18,280 quarters. Though the previons day had been partly wet this was remarkably fine, and had sales of English wheat been pressed, lower prices must then have been taken; but for foreign there wis a moderate demand formixing, on terms quite equal to Monday. Monday's flour trade found only rooderate arrivals, both country and foreign. The former, though not with brisk inquiry, was held at an advance relatively much beyond wheat-the day's price for Iorfolks being 53s. to 54s. per sack- but niillers did not raise the top price of toown flour, whic? still stood at 64s. only. American barrels slowly brought Is per barrel more money. On Wednesday the coast supply was 020 sacks, with no additional foreign. The influence of finer -weather altered N!ofolks ls_per sack-53s. being more of a nominal price than reaL No change was made on foreign. Friday's retumrs showed 670 sacks per coast and 5,640 barrels from America. The market was then still heavier, and Ncrfolks were only Tnoted 52s. per sack, without leading to mach business. No quotable alteration-was made in foreign, but sales were few. English barley, on Monday, was not plentiful, andforeign was only moderately supplied. Considerable damage being done to the crop by sprouting, full prices continue to be made of inalting qualities, and though the comparative dearness of the lower kinds of foreign imited sales, prices were unaltered. Wednesday's arrivals were only 40 quaters coastwise, with 5,720 quarters foreign. The cessation of rain influenced buyers, and business was very restricted at former rates in all descriptions. On Friday there were per coast only 20 quarters more, but the foreign arrival had an addition of% 2,600 quarters; still a great deal of harm. haying been done in certain localities to the crop, prices of eiery kind were firm;. Mlt sold steadily on Monday without alteration of value, and continued but a slow sale throughout the week. A fleet of Archangel oats, with other sorts fom Russia, made this quality abundant on Monday; but there was little else on sale of importance. The harvest then being critical, the heavy supply occasioned no abatement of value even in Russian sorts, while all flue heavq Dutch brew, as well as Scotch oats, brought 6d. to ls, more per Iaquarter. IOn Wednesday there wrere repcorted 1,340 qaurters from I Ireland, and 6,610 quarters from abroad. Buers being pretty well supplied on the previous day, the market was quieb, but prices were unchanged. I Friday's return showed 2,880 quarters Irish, an;d9,240 foreign. The then tendency of the market'ass upwards c-the supfply from Ruassia not being expected. to be con-. Bears and peas, both foreign and EnglUsh, cante to hand very aparingty on Monday. The westher did notalter prices of either of thesa pulse, which sold but slowly at previousrates. The market has since been sustained, from the prices being lower relatively than barley. -The arrivals of 'inseed were 3nmoderate; lnbt, though prices were firm, there was no further enhancement. The renewal of a demand for cakces, in consequence (if the latea drought, gave a tone to the marit, which has continued, Nothing very decided transpired in seeds. Canry was offered on somewhat easier tarms. WTinter tare3 Were fully as dear, but the demand had not generaDy commsnced. The pries of new trefoil and vwhite eloverseed ware sti unsettled, No seulation was p gin white mustard of but indifferent q t was red at high prices, witout buyers. Rye fo d Hemrpseed, rapeseed, carraway, corian anoerescriptions all maintained previous quotations t Some of the fist country mnarkets for wheat have been excited aind all unsettled; but the general uovement has been towards in gher rates. St. Ivers aa. Mond under the dinflence of fine Weathcr, reported ,a decline of hs. to2 per quarter. Louth, Market asoen, and Spalding were only rather hig her Lad Newbury, and. fr iahops Stortfo ld were unalted. Muld wag dearer by 2s. So were Boston, Alford, and Manchester. Birmingham and Gaineborough made 2s. to 3s. more m.ney. Molton awow bray was sr. dearer, Newark and Glocester 3s. to 4s. Mfarket Harborough cixoted5sr.more money. Atifabridge, damp niew was 4s. to os. cheaper At Norwich thererwas a fall on new. Wheat last Saturday of 6s. to 8s., but the general decblne was about 2a At Liverpool, oi Tuesday, the improvement was 2d to D 3d per 701b. on fine dEliesptions, but not on inferio Gooda flouar was also Gd.wto Is. per sack and barrel higher, and an equl b rise took place on maoze per quarter; spring corn heing much as preiviontby no On Eriday prices, infsuer sec by the Bfnness of the ay, recoded for whieat is. to 2s. per 701b.. asweltas for inferinr flour., Eptian bearisb were, however, is. per quarter dearer, andhmaire improved Gd. per quarter. Spnng corn everywhere has ker full 01ces for w7l~et f raten,-; Glow pries fopr weatwerdbtl h bare. caorcely derer; was 2s. dearer for wheat: n¢e of ac'E i 5 - i tnnitho u rhwo-drer muore diseae has appared gamen the potatoes in repland, but it as computed that 100,00 more acres have this seasoid been grown. Harvest has bebn seriously delayed, with soma damaE in the south, but a goodudal whas since been gthared. Markets have shown lttsledifference. Clonmel waspr s l, the newr sarples being held too high. Waterford found inquiry for mixing atfully former rates, and a speculative deman for ras At Limerick old oats were quoted 3s. OAd. per stone, new frbarley Is. 3d.; wheat ls. 10d. Per 6s.tne. About W6terord the corn is mostlygathered. Barley was Is. per bushel dearer, aund oats 5. Maize I. to is. 3d. per quarter higher. After a slight movementnupwards, as a consequence of the late unfavourable weather, the flour-market at Paris has again receded ; t-he rate for the four marks closing at 9ff. to 94f. 5oc. per 157 kilogrammes (6Cr. 9d. per sa3k English). Holders showed miore anxiety than dealers. Whealt was also cheaper, in the coure of a weekr, by If. per bhectelitre, or 4s. 3d. per quarter. But little wheat0 however, on the spot was offered; which gave somewhat muore fnaess to trade. The price of ryoe was maintainea. New baley, of fine2quality, was heldL at 2ff. per 100 kilogrammes,; old, 22f. to 2f. per 120 kiogra mmes. Oats ware quit-e as dear. Pending the an urigharvest-week, the provincial markets exibiite extraordinary irregularities, G¢llardon being s per hectolitre dearer, and Charleva,e 3f. 1to. per hectolitre cheaper; the differerse being 8f. 1os . per hectolitre, or Ils. Gd. per quaiter. The rise in the former was chiefi attributable to the occupation in the fields, wvhich left tile market unprecedently bar m Prices at Mariles were firm, in the absence of active inquiry. Tihe rain in the neighbourhood of Sane had done aome damage, and sustained prices as wel as in the neighboutrood. The Belg-ian markets generally ware reported dearer. Bad weather had been xperenced, ht twep closed in calm, Kubanla wheat being quoted 9Sd. sd. per quarter. 6ye was neglected. At Amstderdam an through Holland the markets were looking up, but not excited. infavourable weather has been experienced at Hamburg, which served to raise prices; but buyers were very cautious, and reluctantly p aid the advance. About 2,000 quarters -were sold at 72s. pr to 77r. 9d. per quarter. Holstein, for future delivery, 61s. 3d. to 6Ts. 9d. ; Danish, GEs. 6d. to 3as. 9d.s; Kbauiank: s. Gd. to 5sE. per quarter. Rye, 4Cs. 6d. to 46s. per quarter. Barley was rising. Several purchases of wheat were made for Portugal, which allone gave firmness to p rices. Avices fromessa wuagen speak very favour-ably of the general harvest~ with very little disease amonyg potatoes; the comnplainTs only coming fromr Fiansburg. h The corn trade was dull, Dantic was dearer for wheat, ei. to 2s. per quarter, prices being frm STs. to 76s. ld. Per quarter- brahowever, closed quietly. Stettin ials showel somewhat improved prices. Polish mixed was. -worth 59s. Gd.p ; re, for September and October delivery, 53s. Gd. per quarter; for rsnguly SeEy. Gd.perquarter. AthBerlin ao goo dealise of rnha fallen, tand impeded the harvet, treatning t stll mre; bt a oderte essation badet sofmewchaut-revive the farme. haop. vithe state of theweather hfadgieng tront the mlarcet foan Euincrease anli,houh havie note a runner accline in wheat, firt quality being quoted 0cr. 9d. to 62s., second ls. rd. to 54s. Sr per quarter. The markets were over-supplied. Prices, by last reports froma Switzerlan, were still deelining. Accounts from Salonica say the harvest has been Gmoan.- ment h ofte the tenpontinue for EBiorueb o ouo s.-a peroqibtri - was t oang e L kian". Barleyw.as beautif'ul and abundant. By statements from Constantinople pars, it WuOld appea that thesee has been a very favourable ina thering of the crops through al Eoumals, the Archipelago, the Black Sea, ancd the Danlbian Principalites. Prices at Odes were hgig and uncertain-reliable accounts of the European harvest wer greatly desired, to shape the merchants coumre. Accounts respecting the cro were very contradictory; but it was hel certain, if there w partial falures there was also local succeas and4 the corin the immediate vicinity was of pretty faird ight. Abou5c.to 9,00 quart wred sold in we e *pric,at 47s. 9d. to o7s Gd pe qurte. Hgh rics sillruled for linseed, withan xcelantcro; 1,00 uartrs eresold at 49s. Gd. per. quarte lor, and6a speculative b r h. pofferedl &Si 3d. per Fromtiflexandt we lear 750.Sother Nhie wllas oeSpreadin the country, so giving promiseo.f the ftr;ta ag fleet of merchant-shiLps wvere in harbou,wt u ml chance of loading, from the dull aice from Eop - and thougthern zed,new produce wasnominay unalere therewa7S1 ae good decine 2 (3expected. Fis. o. perper hew Oimortatio f. prcor is now to be permitted into the Canry slads orsix months from the 11th of August present. By the Lnhbeak Gazelle we learn that the Russian Governmeat have prohibited the expert of grain front Bjorneborg, anl the prohibition was expected to extend to al Finland. From all parts of the United States reports were highl favourable to the yield, quality, and breadth of the crops, espeO f'What,which was never suLrpasaid. The l-ate ran 1 ogreatly benefittedl the maize. Prices of flour being influencedi by European advices, first declinedl lOc. to 15o. per barrel for the mediumi grades, and subsequently recovered, from the extent of the local dematnd. Wheat, however, war decidedly cheaver. Some of the new Genesee flour was fine enough to brifig $10 per barrel (equal to 41E. prhbarl English). Southern was in plenty, and cheaper by5c. to Sc., whichx ledtohbusiness ; prices, $7 25c. to $S 40c. Ohio flour, 56 20c. to $7 70c. per barrel (32s. par barrel) ; Louis, $G6 0c. to $9 5Oc. (39s. per barrel) ; Canadian plentiful at $0 to $7 50c. ; Southern white wheat, $1 62Ao. t$IGG6c. per bushel; -white Canadian, $1 Wkc. to $1 65E; new Southern red, $1 SOc. to $1 60c. per bushel; spring Chicago, $1 20c. to $1 23c. (4Cr. .3d. to 44s. 4a. per quarter); new Ohio, $1 02c. Der bushel (5s. 7d. per quairter) ; maize, 1o. to 2c. per buseli cheaper, ranging from SOc. to 7Cc. per bushel for best white; rye, dul, at Sec. to 8Z-o. per bu.shel.
POLICE. GUraMAL.-3Toseph Fzy, a carrier from Rickmans. worth to London, was smmmoned, at the instance of the Society for the Prevention of Crueltyto Animals, to appear on the charge of causing three of his horses tobe crelly illtreated. JabezIleffer, one of the officers of the society, said on P1ridayweek last he saw thedefendant'svan viththree horses near Gray's-inn-lane, Holborn. They all had the mange and one of them had a sore the size of a crown-piece, under the collar. Another had a wound about the size of a shiling. The saddle had been cutout to ease it, bat there was an accumulation of matter on it that had been apparentUy gathering there for days. The horses vrere in such a wretched condition that they were only fit for the knacker. The defendant waS known to be a man who illused his cattle, andhad been fined before by one of the metropolitan roagistrates. The defendant admitted that such was the case, but denied the present charge. He said if he had given tho officer money he would have been allowed to work the horse, and no notice would have been taken of him. There was a person in court who had given money to one of the societs officers and had been allowed to work the horses. Sir P. LAuRIIE askedthe person alluded toto stepforward and state his case, as the charge was of a very serious Mature. Mr. Stuart Porter, a farmer, of Cheshunt, in Hertfordshire, said, on last Thursday fortnight he was going down the Old Kent-road, with a imare -that had a sore back, to deliver a load of hay at the railway. The saddle-strap had been padded so as not to hurt the wound. A man came -up to him, and, after talking to him and walling for about half a mle, he went up to the horse and said, "Will you let me look at the back of tha' mare?' and he said " Yes," and stopped the cart. The man then said, " You mlust come with me before a maoistrate *" to which he replied, "You will let me deliver my l'oad first?, The man said "NEo: .ss'P,ssr,nen ne' lae4 , Yesc pernaps we can settle this matter. Tf you pay me, there is only one more man on this lmne of road, and you will not be molested anymore." He gave the man 6s. 9L., and heard nothing more about it. Heifer said thnere was a man convicted about 1.2 montha ago of receiving money under silar cicumstances, and he was sentenced to 12 months imprisonmeuc and hard labour. _ Sir.9-I.Ai said he was very lad to hear the society had prosecuted him. }e woni give the- parties every opportunity of investigting this matter thoroughly. It was a robbery, and the man should have been given into custody. He believed there was a great deo l of money given away in this manner, and, as it perilled the existence of the society, ibehovedtham to look to iut t once. Mr. Porter said he afterwards had advice in the. matter and it was his determintion to give the man into castody rherever he met him. He should knov him again, and could pick him out from 10,000. Sir P. Lmun said if he thou tht he could identify the man he would requESt the attenndnce of the whole of the officers of the society, that he mpightpoint him out. ir. Porter said he was satisfied he should kdnowo the man again. He was an Irishan, thin and tall. heifer said theythad notugot an Irishman in the society, and every offacer had been empleyed for meore than 12 mnonths. He would express the worthy aldernnan's wish to ?r. ieymiss, the manager, and the officers would be in attendance to mest Mr. Porter. He believed it wiould b ultiatey found that the man alUnded to did not belong to the Societyfor the Suppression of Crnelty to aimals. Sir P. LAuisU said he should adjourn theocase until t-fmorrow (this day), when, if esr. horter could point out the man, he t8ir Peter) would go himself to the society for the purpcee of putt'ig an end to the system The existence of the society was at stake, for, if it were known that by giving money to the officers al prosecutions woldbe evaded, the society would become useless. Mr. Porter said if the magistrate would decso he would stayi. town to meet those men. He wished to state that he knew nothing of the defendant in this case, and had nly become acquaited nwith him throlsh over-hearing a conversation at an inn. Sir P. L.AWrs then. adjourned the case until to-morrow. A few minates after the parties had left the court Mr TWeymiss appeared and aplogized for his unavoidable absence when the smumons was called on. Sir P. oaufr said that a very heavy charge had been hade against one of the officers of the soiety of receiving money for the purpose of suppressing aprosecution. The person who mhade the charge appeared to be a very respectable man, and it was desirable thht he should have an onportunity of seeing if tbe man w so had taken the morey really did belong to the society. thr. Weymiss said the officers ahold be punctual in their attendance, and then withdrew. Bowsvsngto r.-a boy named Charles Thomas was charged withattempting to steal a oukethandkerchief from tle coat pocket of the Rev. J. Kelly, a lergyman of the Church of England. The prosecutor stated that lie wvas waiting nearthe corner of St. Mlartins-lane in his cab on Saturday afternoon, having hent awayhis servant with a message, when he saw a Hnsom cab omting directly upon him. He called out to the driver, who was looking behind him, hut the man took no notice of it, and in another minute a collision tooaleinte. The servant arriting at this moment. he (prosecutor- was enabled to goafter the cabman weho drove off,although desired to stop. Seizing the horse's head, witness demanded {he man's ticket or numbher, but the cabman refused both, and witness could get no assistance from the policeman on duty there (FSw), who teld him that "he could not compel the driver to show his ticket," and allowred him to bejostled abont in a rough manner by the mob. Witness was pro. ceeding to take the cabman's number when he detected tho prisoner in the act of drawing out his tockethandierchiefe get(prowctor)esclaimed, "gWhy, yon are even allowing them to rob me; this boy has attempted to steal my pocket. handkerchiee." "Yes,"wsaidthe polcema, "I saw the young rasc} amt it," and, giving the boy a slap on the head, ordered him to eoff' thus takingt e lawt entiely into his own hands till witness insssted on his being taken into cestoda. Mr. htczm said the policem an's conduct had nothing to do with the charge against the bpy. The prosecutor must keep to that;* and then if he wated to conijlain of the Rliremanhe might after wards go to the conuissioners at ocotlandyard, aad make a formal charge, which would be entered in the usual wray, and sent, to Bowv-street for inves- cnhave I nosredressaiot Un f the caiman? Mr.HAIL -That is a distinctt matter also. Youlcan confer with your legal adviser, and then take out a sumr moaslf yonliike. Prosecator.-Thatffs what I wvanted information about. }Mr. HIaiu-But, Sir, we must do one thing at a time. The constable stated tha he tookc the hoy directly the gentlemnan said he would give him in chare. He could not compel the cabman to give a ticket, hut hEe told the gentlemnan he would, take his number if he Iliked. The bof's mother having given the boy a good charcer, sad referred to his latw master, an 3rmy clothier, in waor sernicehe had wrorked for two years, -The pro3sector said he had hOe wish to press the charge aainst the Lad under these circumstances, it being his first of fence; buthe should decidedly take outa summons against the eabman, who had really endangered his ILfe by his reckless driving. -The saimons. ws granted.; Jam es Dq. who had- been employed as a porter and night-wakitchan at lincoln's-inn, was chared before Mr. H rsn witU seling cel, the property of.Xr. L a* of 7, Stoti*bsildings. - - Thle prisoner-a maing his umcal circuit of tbe eliicc ber6, to aseran if they were all aecr, wthen the proeecuter, wFhp!e door happeed to be opwen, sawv hima go totE concealed under his coat. t l,tch The prioner pleaded geiltyX stating that 'ae coidnot subpoit his family upon a guinea a-weel; which Ifull amount of his wagesl. Mr. HrsoMY observed thab the PDloelconsuali~es-had to live and support their faimilies upon salervasil. His worship sentenoed him togthres menth m'r to hm nanhe mprigonmeujI. It is a remarkable circumstance that the prinserw2s charged about a year ago with staing a dressingease belongimgtoanother gentleman inl looln'sn,-thex ngee point of evidence against hiui being that a key, iounjd n Lis possession, happened to open the rosecutor' dol Fortinately for the prisoner the chief usher of .the cout suggested that the Wyey .-a one of IBramah's commonet make, and would probably open one -of the out-offioes attached to The ovurt Eis worsuij directed a .tial to be made, ad the r ut asthat .te kyo did actually oien the door nquestion. The prisoner wswaith itted inMaempn. an d agan taken into The ser sece of the mun. !The pDrosecutor inthe present case steted thrt atcloal orFth 25 guineas, was taken out cfhishanmbers ie shozt Eh2zOROUs}H-gJsErr.-Si y toung women, in the last staSeof destilution, were cbaihged with being fornd sleeping The Xkeeper said zhe had seen most of the 'woeien in ippark for some anugtix past. -n hewomensaid they had neither money, friends, nc-r EydeParkc for te lsst forig t the nbeing qestioged the appeared t to be from the cohns to t3nctAt said it was ashocking thing fIor these sheltedres women to he sleeping nDut exposed to1theinight danis and nclemercies of the wOeather. Be would dinO cdargethemfTeywould promise to findctheir way baih to the country. The wfomer, having given the prozise, weoe discharged Therewas at eoc-genstablished ing.cigrallng itself the danetropce,htnbestheouear wiebSody ceh ina y toatted tose hcases; l." t, tCona looked itoSunde-l istood, thatre diletd, soxnvd -r sti moo oand nthen headab evters oheai 'oe the operaEtons of the society bwiteintb go -h o natu ans of the-ist Dra- street, Covelt-garden, m - -- The Major statedthatc about-li o'clocie on Tuesday night he was at Cremorne-gardens standing smoking a cigar ,an looking at the dancers, waen hneaid tomeboay behidhid m say, 'owe havee htm" Compladnant oDoked round;, pndt instant thathe did so treceivedo a 'olov on the head aud anotheron the shoulde sf fronm a thick sticl; arried bv the defendant. Complainant~ immediael called " Police 1" but the constables in attedance raid that they had no authority to take The defendant into custody; and, upon coiu1dainant going to th:e police station, he received a assurance. Mr. AILNosD inquired what the effects of the blows were. majorYatessathathewaslaid up with hisarm three or four days, owing to the blow he had received, -which haE been given 'with such force- that a small bone on the shoulder hadbeen broken, and there was no deubt that it would produce lameness for some time. Mrr. ALNaouiD 'was at a loss to know the reason -why the police on duty at Cremorne did not take the charge It wia pist one of those eases of ¶gravated assault in wlhich they should have interfered. The worthy magistrate then inquired of complainant whether he had any previous knowrledge of' the defendant. Major Yates reylied that defendant was formerly adjutant and lieutenant mn the 2d liegiment at the time he (the major) belonged toit, but left the service about three weeka ago. Mr. AnoLD 'wished to know whether the complainant had had any disnte or quarrel with the defendant. Maor Yates eaid no private quarrel or dispute, but in the exercise of his duty he had had the prisoner before a. courtof inquiry for disrespectfuil conduct, wrhen he was Mr. Axsou asked defendant 'whether he wished to putany question to the complainant. Defendant.-Dd Istrzke you before you caled "Police ?I Complainant.-Yes, you did. 3Mr. AmNoLD asked how thick the stick in question was. oCmplainant, placing three of his fingers together, sai&About that thickness; it was a large white stick." Mr. Richard Butler M'Kesna, comet in thne 1st Uight. Dragoons, German legion, said he was walking on Tuesday night in the gardens at Cremorne when he heard a disturbance. flefendamit then stopped hi, and said, " Tell themJ at Aldershott I liept mny word; I thrashed him." Defendant made the observation in German. Henry Flells, 279 h, who apprehended the defendauth upon a warrant in Bow-street on Saturday night.. said that, he read the charge to him, when ho observed, *'e eis. right;* I did assault him;* I did intend to do so." -zly. Ansorn said that this wvas too sezions a case for him to deal with. His powers were not sufficient to meet a case of this sort, and he therefore felt it his duty to send it before a jury. Atpresent he would take two sreties in 5O0. for the defendant s re-appearance on Wednesday. In the course of the afternoon the defendant's friends. appeared to ball him. One of the persons who offered. himself was an Englishman, the other a foreigner. could not take his bail, as he might leave this country. Afriendof defendant's ingeniouly put itthat atrads-- man wvould wllingly give a foreigner established in th is countr credit for goods to the amount of 501., and argued the matter of hail as a mere sdonetaay consideration. MIr. A-oLnsaid that if a tradesman osave a foreigner credit for 0l that was his owna ,hut e (IYEr.ld). had to look at the matter in another-light, an with referexce4o .he-publc Anongiglisen oiaeopers onlywere accepted ashail,hecsues it'wasthoughtthey'weremore stationary. Baillwas suppoaed tohave the charge and custody of the offender, and coui surrender him at any time. i was thought that a native of this country-would do so. as he was not liely to leve his home and friends becase hiehad become snre!yfor another, but in the case of a foreigner therewasnloting to prevenmt his returning to his own country, and howv ws the obligation entered intokhere. then to be enforced ? He begged it to be distinctly understood that he did not 3enei these remark to have. reference to this Rarticulaz case, but to 'the prin. ciple of taking foreigners' bail generally. He hil not. the sihtest desire to resrain the liberty of the defendant before him, and if the Eng ishman present who liad offertdhimiself as one of the bail was competent, and would be surety in the double amount, he would accept him, instead of two, in o0l. Theperson in estionwllingly consented; and, having proved his ufication, defendant wasliberated on his English friends baL, CIE.-wzrr.-Twvo rough-loocing fellows, who are well mnown to the police, and who gave on this occasion the names of Smith and Underwood,were placed at the bar before Mr. Co6.rxu charged 'with burglarionsly entering thedwellinghoume of Mr. R. Branford; of the Shakesford.rcad, Stoke XNewington, and stealing therein a workbox and other valuable things under the following circumstances.- It a aed from the evidence of Sarah Goldsmith :nd. Jane Hoare, two domestie servants residing opposite to the zesidence of the prosecutor, that they had seen the prlsoners in company with two other men lurking - about the neighbourhood during the early part of the day. They missed them for sme time, but again in the evening they made their appearance, and,percaiving the two persons open the door of Mr. Branford's, and go in, they each told their master of their suspicions, who at once gave the alarm, and, in company with police constable 425 N, got into the hoe, The lower rooms were covered with property, strewn atout in the greatest disorder, andupon proceeding Upstairs the same scene of confusion presented itself. Croucbed in the back room the prisoners were found, but as soon as Und-er wood saw the police constable he said. "Do not st-ike us, and we will surrender at once." TMe policeman, upon searching the chimney of the back room, foundF a. "jermny,- the end of which corresponded with the marks on the workbox, and a large number 'of skeleton keys, and in another room, in the chimney, were alsosome more skeleton keys. The priEoners are vrellknown thieves, and Inspector langdon, of the'N division, 'who attended specially to watch the case, owing to his ex.. tensive knowledge of the London burglars, stated that they had been several times convicted, and if time were lgratedhe wouild produce the necessarycertificate olf their irsia and confictien. In answer to Me. CoRIns, the prisoners replied they had nothing to say to the charge, and that they ihould reservetheir defence. The depositions having been taken, the prisoners wvere CommitteKI for trial, but will be brought up in a few days to. complete tihe case. SounrHwABnx-Alfred Genir, a fashionably-dressed young fellow, vith rather a long sandy-soloured beard, was brought before Mr. COMin, chaged with being in the Cystal Palace Booling-office and Brighton Railway platform, London-bridge, for tho purpose of cmiuitting a felony. Thomas Richards, a detective officer. in the employ oE the London, Bri&ton, and South Coasi- Itailway Comrany, stated that on Saturday morning the booldng-office of the Crysta Palace lne was crowded to excess by persons about to proceed by railway, and writness received information That several persons had been robbed of their watches and nurses.. He entered the booking-ofiica about 2 oscloca, and saw the prisoner pushing aaong the peonle in a -very abrupt manner. He had a square paper paTroel uder his left arm, about thesie of an atlasr, and as soon as be saw witness lhe made his 'way. out of the place as quiclclyas possible. &bout hdan hourafterwads witness went on the platform .to see the depatre of the train for Brighton, and then he heard that a lady had lost her watch. On lookndg round he sathe prisoner again forcing his way among the passengers, 'when he-went uptohim and aked him what hews doing the He replied at first that he was going by the tain to Brghton but vwhen witness sid he did not believe hin, the prsoner said he had been seeing a friend of£i Knowingtheprser to be an associate -with railway thieve witness took him to the superintendent's-office, when his parcel was opened and found to contain old piece of cardboad and a portion of a broken hatboL In fact, the paroel ws made up for the pupose of facilting him in commitng the robber Mr. Coimns aIked whether he saw Thu prisoner pu his hand into anyone's pocket. Richards replied tha he did not, as le t the paroe in front to cover himwhilehedid hiswrk. He,however had no doubt that he was conneed withe robberies tha had taken place, and if he were remnded he Ahould be able tojroduce ferther evidence againt him. TJomas Win5nley, tieket ooetor, said he saw thie palsOner in the booking-office on Saturdy afternoon, and foni what he heard he gave information to st witess - anwer to the chag thepnsoner sba lie had moen a fiend off toBrihton, n te a, of his lavih g aeh a prel was his fred had takenk hi. s hit fromit an cpat them in his porhaantau, which he }m ld Lear tbe railway sation. lIe amid he 'wsa pnter, and livd it 22, Felton.teetnot Ialigtoi - - Msr. Coaras rem,ad.d him untiI Satudy to enable lb police to make soe inquiie aboetcuii
NEiW LIGHTHOUSB FOP, TEBAHAMAS. Anf engimeering workc olf contumdurabble magnitu-de and i~me Moveltym its mode of ceatbruction has lat-ely 1mncornplaeter under a contract withithe Admiralty,- by Messms of he ahaa gou ofislndsin heWest Indies. The heigt o th toer,excusie o a arg revolving lantern, 15 fet hgh, hic sunount it is 24 fet;its diameter i's 25 fet a Thebaseand # fet atthetop ; the total 'weight of metlalzued ina ala consrc ioa s about. 00 tons, and the coal. of thes whole worki estimnated at f-rom 7,001. to 8,000?. This is exclusive of the expense of conveYing it to its destination and of its erect-ion there. It was be-oun in June, 1855, end finised towards the- end of ?anusrylast, with the eXCePtion of the interior fittings wtvhich hve since been completed. It has been erected 'wth the smeO care and sorliditY en a spot on the wharf of the contraCtOr'S as if that 'Were its ultimate destination, andi it Vere int-ended to last for ages, anid it now towers up for a timo among the adjacent church spires, an addlitional matropoIitan landmark. The whole building is divided into seven floors or compartments, each 16 feet in height. The first., which is about 24 feet from the basement, and reaIched bDy an exterior iron stair of the same height from the ground, is fitted up as ap kitchen; the second, including also a series of commodfious fixtures, will be used as n sitting room; the third as a bedroom, and the reainingI stories upwards are to be devoted to purposes connecte w-ith the main object of the strncture-as a beacon to mariners anal ai erieu gulf inthe Atlantic. A bungs metal s6to etl in diameter, runs up the centre of the building, from its foundation to its summait, and from this, at intervals of 16 feet, strong iron girders radiate to the circumference, and, resting on the framework. there ecunaly ponderous and durable, sews to suppor the floos of each of the different clrmberC and to knt together the exterio prtios f the cdilc with its centre throughou.t it whIoleheight. The interior of most of the apartments is linedi with corrugated iron to diminish the heat of a tropical climate, and the whole buildling is 'fierced all round at short intervals with small glazed lop aoles, for the purposes of light andl ventilation. The laner at the top encloses an immense revolving light, 15 feet in hieight, containing 21 burners, all showing white lights, exceept one, which is red, and each of them strongly intensaLed by a Eeries of brilliant concave reflectors,made of copper, thickly coatedl -with silver. The framework of the lantern is constructed of gaun-metal, with a view to the greatest possible durability, and glared with plate glass fiveeighths of an inch thick. The revolver is wound up by machinery on the principle of an ordinary clc,and wil go 15 or 16 hour-s at asztretchk.. The whole of the lighting apparatushbaa-been-constructed by Wilkia a of Lon' -acre, ho has had great experience in this branch 'of machinery, rind the rest of the work, at Mress-rs Grissell's has bean execut-ed under the immediate superintendence of Mr,. Shevs The foreman of engineers there. The exterior of thetoe consists of 155 cast iron- plates, each weighing from two tons to 15owL., and made to fit each other with the greatest nicety. The lighthouse will eventualy be fixedl on the Great Isacs ok, on the Bahamna Saink,-a dangerous shaoal, situatedin1the:Straits of Florid; between the Il-and ef Bermuda and theRHavmanh. It is`describedanndesolate spot, wholly vninahsite4_about two m-iles long -and half a maile in breadth, with scarcely. any vegetation, destifiats of fresh water, at certain-seasons wholly covered by the sea, and for about threeinontha of the year altogether unap- porachable by ships, by -which mneans alonepeiin can helconveyed to the seven or eight mnwowl eepoe to k-eep the light buriginti lnl twr
THE CASE OF HENVRY CORBS DA UGHTERS TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIES. Sir,-I have now to complete the statement of the regard bad to the honour of the Crown in the treatment of the poorer pensioners on the accession of William IV. From the considerations already related-and it must be presumed as one of those acts of grace which usually distingucsh the commencement of a new reign-it was enacted on settling the civil list of this monarch that pensions for tie future should be paid free of the Westiminster landtax and all deductions whatever. In investigating the whole of this indescribable case, which has absorbed my earnest attention since August, 1855, when it was for the Est time mnade known to me that any survivors of the family of Henry Cort were yet in existence, Iwas naturally struck with the strange figure of the 'pensions granted to his daughters. 191. yearly was in every sense an odd sum. It carrmed a geat appearance of precision in expenditure to pay exactly 11 less than 201., and I therefore in March last obtained a sight of the original warrants. These I saw were for 251. 6s. each,renewed'by George IV. onhisaccession in 1820, to be paid "without account," a phrase which hay bave some official sigmfication of which I kuow nothing, but ignorantly interpreted implies that there is to be no figring to the disadvantage of the pensioner's pittance. The first obvious step was to inquire at the pay. office whetherthere hadnot been some oversight in this case of the express provisions of the acts of William IV. in continuing to pay only the finely subdivided 191. yearly. But _17 was said to be correct, though nct explained. Tho Com. mxissioners of Taxes at Somerset-house, on being shown the Tarrants, declared-they knew of no deductions they were liable to, except it were the Westminster land-tax of s. in the pound; but this had been ropealed. The next resource was a direct application to the Treasury, pointing out that, according to aU known acts of Parliament, the ast sum to these aged ladies of 5041. had accumulated during 40 years as an arrear upon their miserable pensions, and requesting such attention to the facts as might result either n the discharge of the arrear, or in that satisfactory explanation which we had been unable to arsive at in nay ether quarter. TheSecretaryto theTreasury replied that all had been done according to lawv, but did not indicate the lawv. hMr. Bowyer, who hastaken the kindest interest in this heinous case since it was made known to him, then nstituted a series of inquiries, and at length obtained a sight of warants at the Treasury of William IV. and Y.ctoria, actually reducing the pensions tb 191. each. It would thus appear that t'he Exchequer of Great Britain deals in the abomination of divers weights and measures and hath privily removed its neighbours landmark. go intimation of the reduction was ever made to the pensioners; they hold George IV.'s warrants for 261. 6s., and no others have been sent them. And there is one feature in this clandestine transaction in which William IV. was unconsciously betrayed into the mean soteg f appearing to reduce the bountes of his redecessors, and to evade his oawn act of Parliament, in order to legalize as far as might be by his sign meanual the violation of the previous acts, wfhich involves his advisers insa thrice stinzin disgrace. It appears that the sum actualy paid out of te Exchequer was, from 1816 to 1831, 20l. per annum. But they residedat a distance from London,-immensely remioved, in fact, at BristoL Afterthe 201. had been issued from that Treasury which their father had filled with almost countless millions, a clerk in the Exchequer claimed 1. out of each 201. as his private fee or perquisite for the arduous task of remitting to its owners the residaum of 191. It was a convenience, I presume, to these ladies to receive their pittance through some certain channel without being subjected to more trouble than it was worth, and they consen ted to the arrangement. This lasted for 15 years, but since 1881 they have received the 19. " without account" vwith anygentleman in the Exchequer. Now, when the generous. minded Minister of WiMina IV. obeyed the act of Parliament, ordering pensions to be paid free of deductions, by secretly making out new warrants for tho unsuspecting Xonarch's signature, in which the previously illegal deductions were sanctioned and perpetuated by the sign manual, this private agency fee was further added as a per. manent charge! Surely, this performance is either the intensity of meanness or of "inadvertency." In the conversation in the House of Commons on these pensions the last Friday of the session the Chancellor of the Exchequer stated he did not know whether the balance between the present reduced bounties of this impoverished nation nnd the original grants of our earlier and more wealthy Sovereigns continued to be charged to the consolidated fund; we must therefore wait for the return of the particular items of deduction ordered on MLr. Roebuck's motion the last day of the seation; we shall then know whether the British lion rejoices in the economy of 21. yearly, extracted from Henry Cort's daughters, or whether this Exchequer transmission fee still continues to be scraped out of rome other fund for the private benefit of some o'ther pubhc person. Does the Treasury hesitate to do itself the honour of paying this asrear of 5042. (with or without interest), which has for so many years, year by year, been so grievously withheld to these aged ladies lest it may thereby stir up- other claimants to redress for similar illegalities ? What claims there may be is best known there ; hut they surely cannot be so weighty as to bow the mighty British neck beneath the ignonmnious yoke of repudiation. The nation is not now at least so poor as to be compelled to ask for credit from its pensioners. And surely no Goyernment ever had less reason to burden itself with the odiun of defending the sis of its predecessors than that of Lord Palmerston. His Lordship's rapid discerenment and sense of justice need but a moment's attention to the clear -facts of this extraordinary case to perceive that he would derive no discredit or embar. rass=rent hereafter by the immediate payment of the arrear due to Cot's daughters. To them, at their advanced age, it is a serious question to wait a period of six or eight months to hear their case successfully debated. I do not believe, even vrith the comparatively little tbhat has yet been made public of the nature and merit of Henry Cort's claims and services to his own country first, and afterwards to the world, that there is on the economical horizon a single churl so crabbed as to decorticate Ur. Wilson next session were he to bring forward this amount as having been paid out of the yearly votefor civil contingencies, Whatever may. r may nut be the clanas of others, look at the facts in ties imsediate, most urgent case. Since 1785, when Henry Cart's inventions -ast began to expand the ebe rgies of the whole human family, theo rewards andhes unties distibuted out of the British Treassuryhave excededI 10, 00 tOO sterig. The services of th(whole opf the recipients baeo pershaps,levot saved their dauntry any important fraction of thi anr ount; byut hIenry Cort has- inhat intserval saved Gret Bitan, t the loweszt estimate, 50 times asd ranc! Whle mdast millionaires are hesitating which hall be thee efirteto Presume to venuture to stpe forwad to leacl the nation in its acknowledgments of such un. 3Ieasurable services, a grave doubt arises whether the Government itself he not indebted to the daughters of ths benefactoran arr yar of 504b. e It is but English juaice to 42dve them frankly, cordially, and unhesitatingly the benefit of the doubt. The nationwillnot grudg the re-payment to them of one millionthp rotheir father's gifts, and Ihope we shall never see the day when any British Government can be endasgered by the act of such a re-nayment. Time fles fast at three score Years and tea, and li caTries in hi f.ht to ftur ags th hoouror dshoourof the British nam.e - Irmai, hi-, our blied oedint servant. __LAVI 31JUST. sep;. L ErDwi. -REAims.-At GospDrt7(United States) some lalbouerm in digging a cal, came upon a pile of l,400 zMeletons. Ib is supFosed that at some remote period a battle vwas fought near the place.
THE ROYAZ FAMILYr OPi OU1DB. During the greater prt of yesterday, as en Sud3y, a considerable number of people was collected in the iewroad, in frontni rHarley.house, which has become the residence of the Royal family of Oude since their arrival in London foroa Southampton on Saturday night. The house, foimerly in the oceuna ion of the Duke of Brulswick, and in wshich his Royal Highness is supposed more than once to have stood a regular slege, is situated a little to the east of Narylebone church, and on the opposite side of the road. It is a detached residence, with a small lawn in front, surrounded by a high brick wall, and stands back from the thoroughfare, with an entrance from a side street, which runs into Regent's Park at right angles with the New-road. A few trees here aud there m the grounds give it greater seclusion, but it is overlooked on two or three sides by the adjacent houses. It has been taken for a year at a rent of 5501. For Holford-house, Pegent's Park which was thought' to be more desirable as affording greater privacy, 1,0001. was offered for a year, blit the negotiations from some cause or other did not take effect, and the persons acting on behalf of the distinguished Orsentalsts feU back on Harley. house as the next best, though it is whoUy inadequate forthe properaccommodation of them and their numerous retinue of attendants and retainers, amounting in the aggregate to 11O, exclusive of the three Royal personages Neither the young Prince, the heir apparent, nor his uncle, brother to the deposed15ing: has yet appeared beyond the precincts of their temporary residence, though they have occasionally taken exercise m the adjacent grounds. The Queen-Mother, of course, with all her female attendants, some 30 in number, live in the strictest seclusion, with the blinds of their apartments constantly drawn down. They must have suffered considerable privation since their arrival in London, on Saturday evening, seeing that when they entered the house it was wholly unfurnished, and the attendants were driven to improvise substitutes for funi. ture until better could be obtained. Throughout the whole of yesterday upholsterers and others were busily engaged in putting the house into a state of comparative comfort, and several of the attendants, with interpreters, were travellig about town in cabs making necessary purchases. Three of them were seen careering along the New-road in a single Hansom, and evidently I regarding it as capital amusement. Several of the moonshees and other retainers of the family occupied themselves instrollingleisurelyaboutthtlgroundsandchattingamongthemselves at intervals during the day. Dressed as they are in every variety of Oriental costumne, and some of them meanly, they appear a motley set to a European eye. The suite includes seven eunuchs, one of whom, a Nubian, well nigh seven feet high, of great nhydcal starengtlh and commanding presence, but coarsely attired, was seen in the afternoon, with others, enjoying a walk in the garden. At the risk of being tedious we shall give a few of the names of the principal persons in the retinue of the Royal family, not vouching, how-ete, in all cases for the perfect accuracy of the ortho- hrahy, though at'some paia to secure it. They include tJWhs Ougowlah dBaoador- ade-de-camp to the King of Oude; Nawab Mahdeo olWee [han Bahador, Chief of the Household of the Qeeen-Mother;, JuratAllryhanltahador, Nawab Nazir, the chief of the eunuchs; Hakeem Ally Wosmah, the Quoen's medical adviser; Said Ally Eosein another of her superior officers; Nawab Hosein, her aide-decamp; and Meer Furzund Ally Khan, Persian writer. In the rince's suite are Hajee Towackul Ally jChim, and Nealum Ally [han, two eunuchs - Elmas Ally Kehan and Salman Ally lihan, soldiers, as a body guard; La-eem Nahomed Mussee, medical adviser; and N1olvee Jaffier Ally, his tutor. The uncle of the Prince, "fth General," as he is called among themselves, has also a corresponding retinue. Captain Brandon, who has been con. nected with the family for several years in the idnlj dom of Oudc, and accompanied them on their voyage io this country, acts as their interpreter and general agen i;. The Prince, who recently attaned his 20th year and i.; about the middle height, is descrihed by Captain Brandon as exceedingly frank and kindhearted in his manners, but bashful in the presence of strangers. Tnough unsible to speak English he has been well educated after the fashion of hIs country. The General, on the other hand, is stout, above the average size, with a good presence, about 33 years of age. The Queen-Mother is betwe,n 50 and 60, and oi a somewhat corpulent figure, of at light copper coloured coipiex;ion, like that of her son and grand. son. To-day the orrun, a ceremony in honmur of Mahomed, commences, and lasts for 13 days, during which they maintain a seclusion more than ordinarily strict. The East India Company, as is generally known, has offered them a sun of lo las of rupees a-year, or 150,000., as a compensation for the lose of their kingdom. With this they are altogether dissatisfied, and are now engaged in prepasng their case to lay before the Company, with a view to betr4trms, if not a restoration of their dynasty.
(iL.sGaow, Aug. 30.-CoTroN.-Our marhet d7uring the past week has been lazy and torpid, but hold,:urs have evinced great firmness in their prices. The marklet for goods and yarns also exhibits much firmnness, but the amount of business is limited. Tron.-Notwithstanding tho favourable shipments at prsesie. going on, the pig lronmarket has not improved, continuing quiet at about list quotations til1 yeaterd.Ey, when a pretty stron- effort v;s made to depress, which has succeeded so far tSat sales for fILed delivery bave been macde at 72s. 6d., and even lower. Therehas not. howvever, been machn cash business dorle, and 72s. 6id. may be considered the closing quotation;* No. :i, g.m.b., 74s.; No. 3, 71s. T}1 REGIsTnAno\.-As a sign of political stagnation the Hampshire Indepensdent mentions the followin-: -"The once eventful 25th of Augst has passed, and not a singleobjection hasbeanservedtopersons ontheboroug!h electoral list, by either the Liberal or the Tory part,; and only two new claims have been put in. The revising barrister, therefore, will this year have nothing to do wirhin he pays us his annual visit-a strange contrast, certainly, io tihe doings of former yeass. At more remarkable proof uf the total prostration of politsical parties could not be four d thban the above fact fuirnishes. Bowv long this will last tin.e only can reveal." Advertiisement.]-The "Austrian Dongeons of Italy." BpV.romi, risls.The tenthstheoad, now ready. " The pubilcation or te Austrian Dungeous of Italy is calculated to produce a effet on tehinds of the English peole not less powe.ianl thai tha t of Ur. Giaddtones pamphlet on the King of Xaplesz or Silei PelHci's sceonut of his inipneomnuent. The little book fn, which this sitrang e story is contained is wrell vvorth readiog. It is written seneply, qidetr' an ld manfully. As a users stoy, the escape of Orsind must be c'e , witA the feats of Trenckland Latude a onofar her edetIo t of lavaietti. There is, however, a far deeper interest about the hcok than mt hirn,h is derieed mereby rom its rtmeEtie chaifster-it reveals .S ctate of thiuns dhich appears o tore horrible the inor it is considered. fatEuroe Ieview. London, eore io.-itledeUn ind Co., oarrnly jds street. i'Advertisement.]-Ollendorff's method of learningo tb rFe,Wrte, anhd Speak a LanTguge in fitt mouths adapted to Tha I am enticeis, through the mdiumn of your journal, to inform the polhiS of Euope, chiefOy at Frnkor and in t5rrfioni^tded nsatveS,no tonly ie 3 ouch ersons as re in the habit of imposing on the public, bhthbyboo - Sellers who ought not, fcom their peattonApobe parties to such stra,n - action. Thougha Ii ght justtycomplainol an attempt to robme oI thf fruit of 20 yeas'labour, I more especsfly express my indignatio t at the contents of msisiabhookl in large Drint, f of errobr an, oiessIons,lJeiug cailedznynethod IY SYstem (adoptedhy-tlse Untverstt1 of Frauce) is published in French, atthredouced price oflf. eschs,at and DlnedCo.and eacc h :otpy hs 5eItcs nnumber aVnEd m sgater r WhhenT I asPsert that my sysem in a chain t hat muTst net lose one link t,eoestb i obdete Eat, MG. OiL.sor Pb.
RAILWAY I TELLIGENCE. i I]TEHA-VEN An) 1TTpRz The half-yearly meeting o this y was held Saturday at Whitebavesi, the Earl of Lonsdale in the chair. liv. H. Cook, the teeretot, road tho report, which stated that thg gross traffic receipts for the half-year ending 9S.-h of June, amounted to S,4271., being an inores3e of 1,6261. over those of the oa:esponding period of 1855, and of 2,0431. over the same period of 18_S4 The working expenses for the half-year amounted to 5,3841, being an Increase of 9011. over the corresponding period of 185, and 1,3c67. over tho same period of 1851. The increase in the expense ha3 been chiefly in the locomotive department. The directors state they have well-grounded hopes that the locomotive service of this company and tho Whitehaven Junction Hailway, inder an improved management which has been introduced, will be hereafter conducted in an efficient and economical manner. The increase in the traffic receipts is to bo attributed to the partial opening of the Cleador line, and to the mineral traffio received from. it. This wlll no doubt extend considerably on the completion of that line and tho development of its traffic. The directore are informed that six miles of the IJlverstone and Lancaster ine are ready for opening, and that the lino may be completed during the next simmer. The directors of the Whitehaven Company having removed their late secretary, who was also secretary to this company, the directors have taken the same course, and have appointed Mr. Henry Cook as their secretary. The debts of the company on capital amount to 44,4907,, to meet which the company possess preference shares to the amount of 25,0301., and 3,125 ordinary shares, which have been surrendered to the company. The capital account showed that 412,3231. had been received, and 456,8131. expended, leaving a balance against tho company of 44,4901. The revenue account for the half-year showed that 8,4271. had been received, and 5,3841. expended, leaving a balance of 3,0431. To this is added 631. for rents, making 3,1117. The rents and interest on loans amount to 3,7011., showing a deficienicy of 5901. On the motion of the CHA}N resolutions were passed, sdoptin- the report; re-electing Mles5rs, W. Miller, B. C. lildyar0d, J. B. Wilson, E. Stanley, and Captain G. Fe the retirinrgdirectors; and also Mr. G. Knox the reting auditor. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman and directors. WHITEIIAVEN, CLEATOR, AND EGREMONT. . The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Whitehaven on Thursday, Mr. A. B. Steward in the chair. A summary of the accounts for the half-year ending June 30 has appeared in The Times. The report of the directors stated that the weight of iron ore conveyed upon the line from7the opening on the 11th of January last to the 30th of June was 54,303 tons, and the weight of iron, coke, and other merchandise during the same ceriod 10,902 tons, thus exceeding the estimate of staple trafac; given in the original prospectus. In order to complete the line vith all the necessary sidings, wharfs, stations, and locomotive and carrying stock, a coniderable sum will be required in addition to the amount of capital authorized by the comp any's act. The original estimate was for a single line, but the directors had considered it advisable to purchase land and construct the various bridges and viaducts for a double line; the number of sidings and wharfs required for the mineral traffic had been much greater than was at first contemplated. The additional sum required to be raised would be upwards of 20,0001.; and they recommended a special meeting of the shareholders to be called to consider the best means of raising that amount. There was every reason to believe that this increase of capital would be fully counterbalanced by the additional traffic which was certan to follow. The directors recommended a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum (without deduction for income-tax), which would leave the sumnof 705.tobe carriedforwardas areservefund. Thereport of the engineer stated that the whole of the works on the line had been executed in a substantial manner, and the mineral trains had ben runnng during the half-year with regularity. The stat ons and other works on the line were qite ready for passenger traffic, with the exception of a few gnnls wvhich the Government inspector had required. A definite arranAement with the Whitehaven and Furness Company for working the traffic was required before the inspector could recommend the passenger traffic to be commenced. The CHAnIRAN, after alluding to the highly satisfactory nature of the company's affairs generally, proposed that the report be adopted. Lord Lo1;5DALR seconded the motion, which was agreed to. A dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum was then declared, and the retiring directors and auditor were re-elected. On the motion of Lord LOSpALE a vote of thanks was awarded to tho chairman for his attention to the concern, and the meeting separated. SOUITH DEVON. The half-yearly meeting of this company -was held on Tuesday at lymouth, Mr. T. WoollcomBe in the chair The COELuRios, in moving the adoption of the report, said the business of the company during the past half-year had been in a more satisfactory position than in any other previous half-year. Th dispoamble balance of 13,001C. would.admit of 5,0701. for dividend on their preference, 2,250& on new shares, and 6,9831., or 7s. per share on the oldshares, leaving 1,3571. Their dividend had advanced progressively. In August, 1863, the dividend declared was 4s. per share, leaving a balance of 86l. In August, 1854, a diidend of 5s. 6d. per share was declared, leaving 674. In 4133i., and for the past half-year ending the 30th of June the directors wrere enabled to recommend a dividend of 7's, per share, leaving a balance of 1,3571. A discussion on vaxious points ensued, in the course of which resolutions were passed adopting the report; declaring a dividend of 7s. per 501. share for the half-year; authorizing the directors to issue at any time before the 1st of September, 1857, 4,512 new shares of 101. each, bearing a fired dividend of 4. per cent. per annum ; authorizing the directors to apply for an act in the next session of Parliament empowenng the company to raise 300,0001. additional capita7 and to convert the whole and half shares of the company into stock upon such terms and conditions as may be sanctioned bZ the shareholders; approving an agreement for lessin,g the ;routh Devon and Tavisteek Raimlway when completed, and also one in respect of the Lee Moor branch, and authorizing the directors to carry the same into effect. A vote of thanks to the chairman and diectors concluded the proceedings. EXETER AND EXMOCUTH. The half-yearly meeting- of this company was held on Friday at Enmoall. Mr. J. H. Walker presided. Thereport of t,he directors stated that by the zealous co-operation of the committee of shareholders, who offered their services' at the last half-yearly meeting, additional subscriptions to the sha'-e capital had been made, whisi adedodtothe value of the property offered to be taken by the landowners either in shares or as a rentcharge, amounted to40,0001., being> the condition on whichl the additional subscriptions were offered. Wfith this liberal support the directors did not hesitate to declare their intention of immediately tZak;ing the necessary steps to purchase the land anl enter into contracts for the constraction of the line, Negotiations had been re-opened with the Bristol and EXeter and South Devon Railway Companies, which were stiU pending; but there was nothing in these negotiations to cause any delay n constructing the line. The CRAIpm.&.z, in moving the adoption of the report, congratulated the shareholders that they were now in a position to commence making the line. The directors were n treaty with a railway contractor, who had offered to execute the works on most advantageous terms, and for a sum of money which was much less than the original estimate, This desirable offer had been made in consequence of the directors having resolved to pay cash for the work, and not to require the contractor to take a certain number of shares, which would make the works so much more costly. He concludedby movingthe adoption of the report, which was seconded by Captain SeMr, and carried unanimously. Tho meeting separated, after awarding to 'the chairman a unanimous vote of thanks. FLEETWOOD, PRESTON, AND WEST RIDING JIUNCTION. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Preston on Eriday, Mr. T. B. Addison in the chair. The report stated that the comnpans's act received the Royal assent on the 23d of June last; by which thb Longridge line was purchased at a certain Price, payable by instalments of 6,0001. each, the first of them becoming due at the end of this month. To meet the above payment and provide for worling both lines a call of 11. a-share has been made. The first instalment will he Paid in due course, and the directors will proceed with working the united line in the best mauner they are able. The CnAnusrA, in moving the adoption of the report, stated that the present position of the company was sufliciently set forth in the report. The necessity for making the payment therein referred to had led to the call of 11. per share, There would also be some expense consequent on taking possession of the Lougridge line, end in comanencing the wor7lcng of it. Mr. C. SwAvSo~s econded the motion, which was carried w2m. dis. A resolation confirning the forfeiture of 302 shares was carried. Mr. hTornborrow was then appointed auditor in the room of Mr. Clough; and the meeting expressed its op. proval of the appointment by the directors of a managing secretary for the ensuing six months. This terminated the proceedings. FURNESS. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Wednesday at Barrow, the Earl of Burlington in the chair. BMr. J. Ramsden, the secretary, read the report, which stated that the tralflo for the half-year had been very large. The directors recorTmended that a dividend at the rate of Ser cent. per annum be declared, and that out of the b clance2,000.be set aside as f fund for reconstructing in masonry a pa-t of Barrow Piers, and thatl,000. be set aside for renewal of the permanent way. The gross receipts on revenue account exceed, by 7,5001., those of thes corresponding period of last year, and, notwithstanding that tne worl;ing expenses show aredectionof 5001.,chiefly owing to improvements effected atBarrowPiers and other stations, the sum remaininz in hand will be npwards of 2,5001. Further money w¶ial be required by the Barrow Harbour Commissioners, under whose directions the improvements in the harbour are progressing very satisfactoril The greater part of the sum of 60,000C., being one-hh of the capital he raised under the Furnesa Rtailway Act, lSS5, as o per cent. preference shares, redeemable at par, has beea accepted by the sbareholders. The capital acoount showed that 467,100!. bad been expmded on the railway, and 77,000l. lent the Barrow Marbour Cmmisionersm The revenue account showed that 28,7701. had been received during the half-yea- ending the 30th of June, and 11,1801. expended n wor king the traffic. The interest on debentures and preference shares amounted to 5,i5iS1., leaving, with 3,357T. from the last account, a balauce of 15,393t. available for dividend. On the motion of the COfAmr J the report was adopted, the dividend at the rate of 8 per cent. per ainnm was declared on the consolidated stock, amd the expenditure on the steamboats vas confirmed. A vote of thanks to th9 chairman toncluded the pro4ciedings, CALEDONIAN AND DUMBARTONSHIIRI JUNCTION. The halfyearly meeting of this company was held in Glasgow; on Friday Mr. James Baird, NI.P., in the chair. The report stated that 6,8201. had been received, and 2,7781, expended in working the line, and 9S51. paid as interest on loan;, leavng a net profit on the half-year of 3,057.; oat of this csnm the directors recommended payI ment of the usual dividend at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum, which would absorb 3,011W., and leave a balance of 461., which, added to the surDlus accumulated since dividends were paid, and prior thereto, would make a total surpIus revenue to be carried forward of 12,044!. The whole of this sumr has been expended on the capitalaccourt. The receipts; as comparTed with the corresponding period of Lastyear, show an increase of 53!., the expenses of 2151., and the interest and taxes of 2151. The total expenditure on capital accoumt amounts to 245,2051. The liabilities of the company, including 26,9501. borrowed from the directors at S per cent. interest, were set down in the last report at 30,2251.; deducting from this the 652?. paid, there remains yet to be raized the sum of 29,5 ., and of this sum only 4,7621. can be calculated on as likely to be received on call account. The appeal to the House of Lords in the action at the instance of the Helensburgh Harbour Trustees has been decided in favour of the eompany with costs. A proposal has been entertained by the directors for working the branch to Helensburgh of the Glasgow, Dambarton, and Helensburgh Railway fromntheIst of July next until the completion of the whole line to Glasgow. The Forth aud Clyde Junction Railwaywasopened for public traffic on the 26th ofMaylast. Passengers are now booked through from Glasgow to Stirling, passing over the line to Balloch. The CO anssrss moved that the report and statement of accounts be adopted, wbichwas seconded by Mr. A. Sasovx,rr M.LP,, and agreed to. A dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum -was declared payable on the 2d of Septem-ber. On the motion of the CHairisLkra the directors were authorized to sell such forfeited shares of which transer cannot be got, and to make a call to pay off any balance of debt due by the company which may remain, the caU not so exceed 21. 105, per share. -Itwasagreed that in futucre the halfyearly general meetings of the company should be held in the months of March and Septomber. A vote of than)ks to the Chairman concluded the pro. ceedaings. MANCIESTER, SHEFFIELD, AND LWICOLNTSHIE. The working expenses and other outgoings of this corpany's railways (exclusive of the Manchester and South Junction and Altrincham stated below) have amounted in the fortnight ending August 24 to 9,0301. Se. Sd., while the corresponding period of 1855 amounted to 9,1051. 7. lild. The 26,2061. 1Ss. 6d., already stated as the total for the first three fortnights of the half-year, added to the 9,0301L 3s. St as above, makes a total expended of 35,2371. 2s. 2d. against 3u,2171. 13s. ld, for the corresponding four fortnights of the previous year. The proportion of the South Junction, &c.,receipts accruing to this company for the fortnight ending August 24 amounts to 8221. los. l0d., as aaainst 42 4s. 9d. for the same period of 1855. The ,5551. 15s. 3St as previously stated for the first three fortnights of the half-year, added to the S221. ] 6s. 10 as above stated, makes a total to August tle 21th of 3,3791. 12s. Id., as against 3,4981. Is. Id. for the ,ame period of 1855. The proportion of the South Junction, Re., working expenses, and other ontgoings, for the fortnight ending August the 24th is 4221. lls. 7d., while the correspendingyensod of 1855 amounted to 3701. 12s. 3d. The 1,2211 los. t already stated as the amount for the first tAree lortuights oE the half-year, added to the 4221. Uls. 7d. as above makes a total expended to August the 24th of 1,G44l. Ga. 10d., as against 1,484?. a. for the corresponding four fortunights of the previous year. LIVRPOOL, MANCHESTER, AND NETwCAST1j JUNCTION. The final meeting of the shareholders in this undertaking, which was one of the companies formed during the rwilway mania of 1845, was held at York, on-Saturday; Mr. George LmLin in the chair. The report of tiL directors stated that the long-pending Chancery proceedings instituted against the company by Mfr. Cooper Preston had been terminated by the House of Lords confirming the decision of the Master of the Rolls, and condemning Mr. Preston in the costs of this appeal. As this decision not only disposed of Mr. Preston's demand of 5,0001., Ilut put an end to any similar claims on the part of other landowners, the directorswere desirous practically to dissolve the company. The net balance in hand was 2Sll., a sum not quite equal to Id. per share on the 70,000 shares in the company; but, inasmuch as unforseen contingencies miglht arise to occasion further slight expenditure, the directors recommended that this amount be retained, and that they should ho authn,-bsd to suspend our further business on the part of the company, and to mak-e all arrangements they may deem necessary for effecting virtually the dissolution of the company. A resolution that the report he received, and that the company he forthwith dissolved, was proposed and carried es, con. * and the proceedings ci A ithl : vote of thanks to the ciasirman and directors for the energy tixuJ had displaved in resisting 5.o .h yE an. Cooper Vreston It appeared that about 150,0001. had been received and expenied in respect of this scheme. LIDDESD ATE. It is proposed to construct a railway from Carlisle, passing on the east side of Longtown and Netherby, up the mineral Valley of the Liddell, to the Hawick station of the North British Railway. One of the branches is intended to connect the proposed railway with t-he Border Counties Railway at Belling. The whole of the lines and branches will ba about7Omiles in length,andthe estimated costislO,0001 per mile. Thelength ofmainline from Carlisle to Hawick wil?lbe 41 miles. It is stated that the country which the line and branches will pass through abounds in coal and in almost every variety of mineral wealth, which the want of a railwayalonehas prevented from being developed. Canobie and Nicol Forest, in their mineral resources of coal, ironstone, and limestone, contain seven seams of excellent coals, averaging 53 feet thick each seam. The branch to the Border Connties line is intended to open a communication with the Plaghett and other coalfields, which covar an area of about 20 square miles. The traffic is estimated at S01, per mile per week to pay 8 per cent. onthe outlay. IRISH RAILWAYS. The halfyearly meetings of the Great Southern, DLblin andBelfastJunction, and Dublin and 'Waeldow Railway companies wereallhbald in Dublin on Saturday. The reports of the directors have already appeased in 22c Tim es, and everythinig went off satisfactorily-the reports and statements of accounts being adopted after the ordinary discDssions which take place at these periodical reunions. TRhe dividend of the Great Southern and Western is, for the first time, at the rate of 6 per cent. per anm. The Dublin and Belfast Junction divide 11. 2s. Gd. per share less income-tax; but the Dublin and Wicalow report recommiends that a balance of nearly 6,000!. be carried forward to the credit of the next half-yesrly account, and that, for the present, there be sc dividend paid to the shareholders. Sir Edward MEDoneD, as Chairman of the Great Southern and Western Railway, in the courso of his address, thus alluded to the forgeries of Enightley, the late confidential cleik of the company, who is now undergoing the penal consequences of his frauds. The onlyother matter (said Sir EdWard) that caUed for any observation was one that the report properly stated was the only gloomy topic in it. He need not t ll them how painful it -was to the directors to convict an officer who had been with them from the commencement of the undertaldng, and who was as well treated as any man could be by the board. He came to them highly recommended and commenced ata salary of 80?. a-yearand ended with 2501. (Hear.) He came as an assistant clerk, and one would think that with such amplepayment and suchreward ashereceived for theexertions hemade,thatthey could havereliedonhim. It unfortunately turned out quite the reverse, and their confidence has been sadly misplaced. Everything that could be done waS done to prevent fraud. Those forgeries were g on for years-as far as they could trace back. Mr. tKr devoted as much time and attention to the affairs of the company as any man that ever lived, and the only thing that could be done in connexion with the department to insure its proper management, he sent over the former transfer clerk, Mr. Brierly, to London to take the best advice from the leading English companies as to how transfers were made, and the transfer and stock accounts kent. The best that could be found therewas adopted, for thera was no experience in such matters in Dublin. Att Mr. Brierly's death additional checks were put on; the directors themselves became the holders of the seal of the company, but these forgeries were going on for many years1 and, as the report says, were conducted m so ingenious and clever a manner that he did not know how it was possible, except in the waylin which they were actually discovered, to find them out. He could only say that the experience which they had now acquirod had made them impose every possible check, and they had clanged the system of the departmentto acertain extent. Everypreprietor who would in future be about to make a tranor in this company would receive a circular stating such a transfer badheen received, and therefore no one need be offended at getting such a documnent, and this, though it might not prevent forgery, would assist in leading to its detection. they had putonrestritihe 'would not saywould pevn t cranua- because hecudntsta-uwhd ethoghit makeO it difficualt to Perpetrate it in future. The question naturally arose how were they to make good the lees that they had sustained? The fraud had been carried on through an over-issue of shares. Those shares must be replaced, and there were two modes of doing so-either by employing -money derivable from trafflic in the purchase of them, or by using the rest Lend in the first instance, and after replacing the money in the manner he would ex-plain. The plan he hadl to submit to them would not int&rfere with the present or the fuLture preprietors, and 'would Place the company in as sound and sae a state as it had ever been.I Theyv proposed, accordih.g as they found it necessar'y, to, create certain stock in the company, not to put it endt at pa;, but to put it on the mar-ket, and whatever might be re- ceived an premium on it they would put to t-he credit of' the rest fund, taking out of that fund -whatever'- loss was occasioned by forgery. Suppose the loss wouldI he, say 25,0001., they would have to issue then 1S0,0001. worth, and that issue at the present mark-et value of 20 per cent, premilum would cover that losa -which they madeioo( in. the first instance out of their rest fund. That funi, of course, had bean up to the present taken from the traffic-, This. Eay to issue so much as the amount of thoIoBwoulIa b, fecause, as lIe had told them in the beginn shares mu.t be created im some form eaual to what the isshad been anld i it were done mthatmniuer, theywould issue so much aig would cover the amount of the loss. RAILWAY SLEEPERS. Dr. Boucherie, of Paris, states, in reference to this subject, that:- "VTe Times of the lOth of August gives an aecount of au experiment, accordimg to my processes for preservIng timber, made by the engineers of the Permanent Way Cormpany. qThis article has called forth froam r. Bethell, of London, a reply, inserted in Tic Times of the 22d uItimo. I cannot better repel the accusation of p Wm which Mr. Bethel therein brings against ne than by sending to England two official patents which in-g be seen at the office of the Permanent-way Company, and which have been given me by the French Government, in complance with two applications for the same which I addressed to it:-the first, the 11th of December, 1837, is for the process whIchI have pointed out, by means of which divers preservative substances are made to penetrate the tissues of wood employing for that puzeose that natural upward force by which the sap is rapidly transferred from the root to the top of the largest treea Tlhus a tree of any size was, after belts cut down, plunged at its lower eudin a tub containing fTe liquid with whim it 'was to be penetrated. Having found sundry i- conveniences in this method of injection, my labours led me to discover a new mode, which I have described on the 30th of May, 1838, apling at the same time for an additional patet. system consist-e in placing one of. the ends of the tree in a bag of waterproof cloth, firmly attached to its circumference, which bag communicated with a reservoir containing the liquid. Since then T have considerably modified my plans of operation, and these havo been the sabiect of several subsequent patents. On the 10th of July, 1838 (that is to say seven months after my first patent, and 42 days after the second), Me. J. Bethell took out a patent in England for the preservation of wood. In hlis eci- fication three plans are described. 1 The makig| the preserving liquid penetrate by capillary attraction; the natural meth oddescribea in my patent of the 11th of December, 1837. 2. Penetration by cappIng. with an indiarubber bag conmunicating with a reservoir; the mode inted out in m b y im- patent of the 30th of May, 1838. 3. Penetraaion by d hedhanicai vacuum aund pressure; a system the pricrity of 'which can be easily claimed byMBr6ant. I leave othersto judge to'whom belongs theI title oi inventor. It is true that in 1840 my processes were patented in England in the name of a London merchant; hut I do not think that anyone is authorized to assume the title of inventor by the single fact that he may have I been in more haste than the inventor was to patent in a foreign land the object of his invention, especially when his birthplace is only separated by an interval which a few hours suffice to pass over. It doss no' belong to me to eulogize my discovery; I shall confine myself to saying that it has gained for me at all the French Expositions the first gold medals; at the London Exhibit;ion the same reward as was given to Mr. Bethel; * and at the Universal Exhibition at aris one of the four great medals of honour ; further, by a apeciallaw, unprecedented in Franc an extension has been granted to raypatent. All mylabours and numerous experiments have proved to me that, in roportion as the preservation of the timber takes place before the drying up of the sap in the fibres, it is tne more complete if the sap is expeled to make way forpreservative substances. " It is then, important to subject timber, within two or three months after felling, to that preparation which gives it a durability, the limits of which have not yet been found. " The difficulty of using my process in England is not so great as Mlr. Bethel is pleased to represent. Nothing is easier than to have the timber prepared in the midst of the forests which supply the markets of Britain; it is a problem most easy to solve, if but the appeal be nade to the fertile intelligence of English industrialists." TRAFC RETURNS. Miles Eaa- der- Total. Total Eaiwas eDen. agera. ceandia is56. lsS Week ending August 2. Grand TrunkofCanada .. 513 - - 783 - 4.753 Week ending August15. Great Wetern of Canada .. 23 .. 6,3W., 2,672 .8972 . 6.747 Week ending August 30. Tondon. Brighton, & South Coast .. .. 1S3- 15,502 3,201 n8,n7 .. IS,56 Souti-EBstern . .. - . - .. - 5.. 07. 25,126
T1M LATE SIn W. T1AUM.-The remains of the Hon. Sir William Temple, E.C.B., the only brother of Viscount Palmerston, were brought from London to RomseyonFridayevening in a hearse put on the train under the direction and chazge of MIessrs. Banting, tne well-known london undertaker. On Saturday, the 30th nit., the body was consigned to its last resting place, under the west window of the Abbey Church, in a vault in vnich etght members of the noble family of Palmerston repose. Every precaution which modern sanitary science has made known was followed. The coffin, surrounded by powdered charcoal, wsw to be bricked in, and a small tubular shaft projected from the vault, through the wall, to the outside. The funeral was private and unostentatious. Ten of the family and private friends onlyattended. Viscount Pal. maerston was ebief mourner, and was followed by the Right Hon. LAurence Sulivan snd W. F. Cowper, Admjraj Bowles, Sir George Bowles, the Rev. Henry Sulivan, and Sir George Shee; many other private friends were also ir. the church. The Ehops were shut, and a general expressicio of sympathy felt mad expressed for the noble Premier in the foss he has sustained. A F^umuy TRu&GEDY.-On Sunday afternooi two of the sons of Mr. Reid, of Newcasle, brewer, were at *Whitley, near Tynemouth. One of them, who lived in London, was bathing in the sea, and Unconsciously got witin the iu uenoe of the thdi, mid could not swim back to land. His brother, perceiving his peril from the beach, rushed into the water up to hig ehn, but coald not reach him. " Go bacek ! go back I " cried the drowning man to his frantic brother; 'I will swim out to the French boa" (lying a short distance out at sea). As be uttered theme words he turned round, and before he could execute b; purpose he sank-Gteshad Obscmcr.
