DEATHS. On the l9th inst., at Norwich, aged 26, Willi. Field Beilin, M.D, eldest Fon of Benj. Bellin, Esq., of that city. On the 19th inst., at Middle, near Douglas, Isle of Man, Isabel Marianne, thc only child of the late Frederick Villiam Hutton, Esoq., of Beverley, Yorkshire, aged 2 years and9 months. On Wednesday. the 21st inst., aged 65, in the full assurance of everlasting salvation through the atoning merits of ChristJesuE, at tne residence of his friend CoL Lewis, Fitzvilluim-square west, Dublin, Col. Archibald Inglis, late of Carlingwark House, N.BR, son of the late Admiral Ingls, of Red Hail, near Edinburgh. - -u the 26th inst., at his residence, Blackheath, John May, Esq., .aged el. On the 26th inst.. at Nea House, Christchureb, Hanus, Lt.-Col. W. G. Cameron, I;L., J.P., late of the Grenadier Guards, at the age of 66. On the 26th inst., at Glenuske, Monmouithshire, the residence of her son-in-law, Samuel Hoomfray, Esqt., Margaret, widoswof LorenzoStable, Esq., late of Stanmore, in the'county of hliddlesex, aged s6. On the 26th iint., at R(uyton 11all, Shropshire, in hes 41st year, Helen BEid Harington, daughter of the late John Herbert 11arington, Esq., formrrly lember of the Supreme Council of Bengal On the 26th inst, at Brixton. of bronchitis, Ralph- Byne, Esq., in h1s3 Gth year, deeply lamented, youngest and only surviving son of the te Rev. Henry Byne, formerly rector of CarEhalton, Surrey. On the 27th inst., at Nottingham, aged 47, Mr. William Kendall, formerly of Gibson-square, Ilin;gtbn, London. On the 27th inst., at Bishop'sStortford, Herts, Thomas W. Vilby,aged 14, son of Thoma3 Wilby, Zsq., of St. Bartholomew's HosDital, London On the 27th inst.,atS, Weatbourne-teance north, Hyde-park Dina the beloved child of A. G. Bicker-Caarten, Esq., aged five weeks ana -three days. On Tuesda.y,the 27th inst., at Southsea, aftera short illness, the HIon. Mrs. Hope, wife of Captain James Hope, U B., and daughter of Charles LordQemnnaird. On tie 2Eth inst.. at Reading, after a short but severe illness, Mr - Geo ge Gosling-, corn-merchant, aged 57. On thte 28th inst., at Camupbell-terrace, Bow-road, the wife of Wiliam Tomlin, Esq., aged 42. On Wednesday, the 25th inst., the Bev. Edmund Viii&am Estcourt, -rector of Long sNeewnton, in the county of Wilts, aged 74. Oa tie 28th inst., at 71. Cmnnon-street, Elizabeth. the affectionate wife of Mr. Williams,6 of tho above place, 4. Abehurch-yard, city, nd Keaton, Kent. aged S4- - I On the 2Sth inst., at Upper Clapton, rrs. Elliott, in her S1st year. On Wednesday, the 2 th ist., at 14, Park-crescent, Stockwell, Mary -Ehlzabeth, the beloved wfe of Fredleriek Heath, E5q., and eldest saughter of Frederck Devon, Esq., of Kennington-parg, in her 2Sth year. On the 2Sth inst., Mr. C. Garner, of Greenwich, inbis 46th year. On the 25th inst., at Blue Bridge House, Halsted, Essex, very sadttnly, Beniamin Gilson. Esq., aged 63. On the 28th inst., at Clifton, of consumption, Agnes Isabel, the third ard much-loved daughter of Mr. Lancaster, bookedller, Portland-place, aged 15. On the 2°th inst., at his residence, Greenbthe, alter a short illness Colonel Walter Elphin.tone Lock. late Royal Artillery, eldest survivnmg son of the late Vice-Admiral Lock, of Haylands, Ryde, Isle of WVight, aged 65. on the 2Sth inst., in his 21st year, of eplepsy and apoplexy. Octavius, eighth child, younger and sur-ivor of the twin sons, of Robert Bradfield Sanders, of Orme-square, Bayswater. and New-inn, solictor, sarvis.-ing his eldest brother barely two months. On the 23th inst., at her residence. in the New Kent-road, to the great grief of her afflicted huisband. Nancy, the beloved wife of Capt. Lean It_N., H.MI.'s Emigration Officer for the Port of London, lamented by al xvho knew her many virtues. On the 28th inst., at Forest-hill, Mrs. Ann McDevit, aged 67. Orn Thursday, 29th inst., Caroline Ann, wife of Thomas Moses Green, of Churton-street, Belnvmsae-road, Piimlico. On the 28th inst.. at Branswick-terrace, Cumberwell, in her 64th year, Lydia, the beloved wife of Joseph Morris, of ludgate-strcet, city. On the 2813th inst, of consumption, at 2, Surrey-place, Old Kent-wrad, Fanny, the beloved wife of Mr. Edwvard T. logg. On the 25tlh inst., in Lower Brook-street, Ipswich, Mr. Alfred Sheplard, merchant, aged 44' on the 29th inst., at Folkestone, General John Francis Birch, C.B., Royal Engineers, aged 72. On the 28th iast., at Bocking, near Braintree, Essex, James, youngest son of tne late Robert Role, ;siq., aged 26. On Tshiusday, the 2-th inst., at the Parsonage, Norwood, Surrey, the Rev. Edmuald Hfarden, incumbent of All Saints, Norwood, aged i0. On 29th inst., Mary, the wffe of Mr. Henry EUlvood, of Norbury-hdil Nor-ood, and 24, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road, aged 4'J. On Thursday, the 29th inst., at Park-walk, Chelsea, Sarah Abraham Kennard, youngest daughter of the late M Kennard, in the 56th year of her age. On the 211th inst., in his 22d year, of consumption, Felix Sidnay Gunn, youingest son of the late Rev. John Guna, at the residence of his brother-in-law, George Bailey Toms, Westfield, Reigate-hil, On Thursday, the 22th inst., at Berrylands, Surbiten, Aifred lang, F q., architect. in the 40th year of his age. On the 29th inst., at Hayes, Mliddlesex, Captain J. WY. Carleton, formerly of the 2d Dragoon Guards, deeply and deservedly lamented by his bIreaved widow. On the 30th inst., at 134, Sloane-street, Chelsea, aged 52, Sahina Stirling Burgess, relict of the late H. NY. Burgess, Esq., and eldest daughter of VhWip Gibert, Fsq., of Earl's-court, Old Brompton. On the 20th ist., Sarah, the wife of William Bell, Esq., Parson'sgreen, Fulhant
THB COURT. Her Majesty will hold a Drawing-room on Friday, the 20th of June, and a Levee on Wednesday, the 25th of June. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent and Prince Erest of Leiniagen dined with the Qaeen on Thursday. The Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess M1ary, the Duke of Cambridge, Prince Edward of Saxe Weirnar, Prince Loewenstein, and the Maharajah Duleep Singh visited Her Majesty in the evening at BackinghamPalace and witnessed the fSieworks. His Royal Highness Prince Albert rode on horseback with the Prince of Wales yesterday morning, attended by Captain Du Plat, and visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester at Glocester-house. ra The Regent of Baden, attended by Colonel Baron Seutter, the Hon. Mortimer West, Baroi de Geminingen, and Dr. Tl man, inspected Westminster Abbey, the Houses of Lords and Commons, and the Senior United Service Club yesterday morning. His Royal Highness visited the Zoological Gardens, in the Regent's Park, in the afternoon. Prince Frederick William of Prussia, attended by Lieutenant-General Baron Sehreckenstein, Baron de Moltke, Captain Heinz, and Lieutenant de Schreckensteisi, went yesterday afternoon to the Prussian Legation, on Carltonterrace, where his Royal Highness received the Diplomatic Corps. The Princess Royal and the Princess Alice took a earriage drive yesterday. The Queen took a drive in the afternoon, accompanied by the Plincess Royal and the Princess Alice, and attended by the Hon. Lucy Kerr, in an open landau and four. Prince Albert rode on horseback, accompanied by Count Alexander Mensdorff. The Equerries in Waiting attended on horseback. Her majesty gave a concert in the evening at Buckingham Palace, at which the following assisted-M-adame Goldschmidt, Madame Bosio, Madame Viardot, Madame \ovello, Mademoiselle Didice, Signor Gardoni, Signor Ronconi, Herr Formes, Mr. Sims Reeves, and Mr. WVeiss. The Royal Personages, the Foreign Ministers, and a large party of the nobility were present, the invitations amounting to about 400. Their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess Mary arrived at a quarter before 10 o'clock, attended by Lady Geraldine Somerset and Major Home Purves. IHis Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge was attended by his Equerry in Vaiting. HIer Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort entered the Grand Saloon (which was prepared for the concert) accompanied by their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Cambridge, the Princess Mary, the Regent of Baden, Prince Frederick WVilliam of Prussia, and the Duke of Cambridge, his Serene Highness Prince Eddward of Saxe Weimar, Count Alexander Mensdorff, and thse Maharajah Duleep Singh, and attended by the Ladies and Gentlemen in Waiting. The general company assembled in the Picture-gallery followed Her Majesty and the Royal circle into the saloon. The concert commenced about 10 o'clock. The following was the programme - PAnTS PrMIA. Settimino, "Oh terror, oh smania," Mesdames Boao, Novello, Viardot, e Didi6e, Signor Gar- don;, Air. 'weiss, e HerrFormas (Conte Ory) .. Rossini. Duo, " Amor possente nome," Madame Novelto e Mr. Sims Beeves (Armida) .. .. .. ..Rossini. Air, "Egli fu c)1e a (ir m'apprese," Madame Bosto (Arabi, uelle GaUie) .. .. .. .. acina. Recudll de Mazourkas de F.Choppin, arranged for voice and piano, by Mr. asd Madame Gold- sclhSfldt. .. .. .. .. .. .. Otto Goldschmidt D "o, "Qui dovc merce, Madame Bosio e Signor Gardoni(Pastorate) .. .. D. . ..onizettL Air, o- con c beilo," Madame Novello (Iucrezia Borgia). DonizettL Duo. " Allons, rentrez voiei orage," Meadaraes Goldschmidt e Viardot (La Mare Grande) .. reyerbeer. Coro, ' Signor del Ciel," Mresdames Novello, Bosio, Viardot, e Didide, Signor Gardoni, Mr* Sims Reeves, Signor Ronconi, Mr. Weiss, e Her Eormes (Ei). Costa, PAvz SEcS&ISD. Ottimiro. "AU 'idea." mesdames Bosio, Noveio e Didice. Mr. Sims Reeves, Signor! Gardoni e Ronconi, Mr. Weiss e Herr Formes (Mose in Egitto .ossinL Nocturne . *. F. Chopin. and y Schubert, fer piano, transcribedby LaTruite, Herr Otto Goldaschmidt . .. S. Heller. Trio, "Pensa e guarda," Signor Ronconi, Mir. Weiss, e Herr Formes (Margherita d'Aniou) Meserbeer. Air, "Squallida vesta ebruna," Madame Gold- schmidt (Turco in Italia) .R e. .. . Rossld Duo, " I, ciel sourit aU hOt lmpide," Mesdames Novells o Didice (Le Zephyr) . M. . e. .u.endelsohn. Vieux Airs Firaneais du 15 et 16 siccle, Madame Viardot ... Coro, "- rlacido ell mar." tutti (rdomeneo) .M. 1,ozart, Mrr. Costa presided at the pianoforte. The following had the honour of receiving invitations:His Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar and the Countess of Dornburg, his Highness the Maharajah Duleep Singh, his Highness the Grand Vizier, the French Ambassador and the Countess de Persigny, the Turkish Ambassador, Madame Musurus, and the Councillor of the Embassy, the Belgian Minister and Madame Van de Weyer, the Bavarian Minister and the Baroness de Cetto, the Netherlands Minister, the Austrian Minister and the Countess d'Appony, the Brazilian Ainister and Madame de Moreira, the Danish Minister and Madame d'Oxholme, the Greek Minister and Madame Tricoupi, the Portuguese Minister and the Countess de Lavradio, the Prussian Minister and the Countess de Bernstorff, the Sardinian Minister, the Saxon Minister, the Sicilian Minister and Princess di Carini, the Spanish Minister, the Swedish and Norwegian Minister, and Baroness de Hoclhschild, the United States Mrinister and Mrs. Dallas, Prince Lcewenstein, his Exeellency Noureddin Bey, the Hanse Towns Minister, the Peravian Minister and Madame de Rivero, the Haytian Charg6 d'Affaires, the Mexican Charg6 d'Affaires, Ariff Bey, Lientenant-General Baron de Schreckenstein, the Baron de Meltke, Captain Heinz, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, Dr. Wegner. the Hon. Mortimner Sackville West Colonel Baron Seatter, Baron de Gemmingen, Dr. U1lman, the Lady in Waiting to the Dachess of Kent, the Hanoverian Minister and Countess Helene siehnansegge, the Dake and Duchess St. Arpino, the Marquis and Marchioness de Viana, the Marquis and Marchioness Colobrini, Baron de Eonneritz, Co. lonel C. Frederix. Aic BisHssors.-Canterbnry and York. DnuXs.-Roxburghe, Atholl, Sutherland, Devonshire, Beaufort, Bucleudcl, Xevweasste. Argyll, Hamlton, Manchester, Wlellingtoa, and Bedford. DuczsssEs.-Iuverness, BucCeuch, Dowager Beaufort, Bedford, Beaufort Hamilton, Wellington, Sutherland, Manchester, St. Alban's, Argyll, Roxburghe, and Atholl. MAnQuiss.-Canmden, Abercorn, Granby, Exeter, Headfort, Winchester, Hertford, Sahsbury, Ely, Breadalbane, Westminster, Doneal. Dalhousie, Cholmondeley, Lansdowne, Downshire, Sorthampton, and M,icmroxEssEs.-Winchester, Ely. Donegal, Doewshire, Exeter, Cholmondeley. Chandos, Abereorn, Breadalbane, Headfort, Westmiinster, and Salisbury. EAars.-Westmorland, Wicklow, Lucan, Hardwielu, Haddngton, Grosvenor. huigravo, Aberdeen,> Abingda. Gaiusborough, Desert, MIansSoeld, Muvers, arrowby, Clarenden, Tankerville, Vane, Rosa. lyn, 3Lnto. 3forley, Spencer. Stanhope, Sheihorne, Sandwich,, Mount 3Edgeunabe, I;innouUl, Craven, Easton, Zetland, Durhan, Airlie, Jerniydn.Liebfield, Derby, DoeIWalVr, Beverley, Fortesnue. Granville, COunT:Ess}:s.-Gainsborough, Decart, Morley, Dowager Morley, Granvlille, Harrowvby. Hardwiicke, Hadaiington, ZeUlaud, Manvew, Dricltfeld, Somess, De L.a WVarr, Derby, Abingdoen, Airlie, Craven, Wickilow, Eossbyu, rowis, Shelburas, Stanhope, Fortescue, W'eatnirlane, hIemnt Edgeumube, Clarendon, Mnlglrave, Dlurhtam. Sandwich, Tankorcilie, Spencer, Viane. Locran. Dowrager I,lehdeld, and RinnoolL. VsSCeurS-Toaringcon, Gomubennore, lardingo, Chelsea, Mafidstone, Gaiway, pcFuolesta, Enfoeld, Emlyn, Newport, Duncan, Drum- ViscouxrTEscs.-Corubermucre, Torrineton, Brackley. Xeiwport, Emlyn, Enfield, Galhay, Drumlanrig, Folkestene, Chielsea, Hardiage, Maidatone, andd Duncan Bisuors.-Oxford, St. David's. and Rochester. LonDS.-Portman. Churchill, Mardonald, Rivers, Cland Hamilton I.ttelton, De Roe, Elcho, WVilloughby de Erosby. Stanley of Alderlci, Cranwerth, Belharen. r'aumure. Colchester, Colville, De Tabby, Blantyre, Charles Wenlesley, Poltimeore Alfred Hervey. Hatherton, Stamley. lWaltinghaml, James Murray, Ernest Bruce, JohnRussel ]laddo, Camspbecl, Lovaine,Dacre, Glenclg, and Cremorne. LADrse-Theres Lewis, Cranwortli, roltimore, Eleho, Stratheden, Mlary Labouchere, Grey. Stanley of Alderlcy. ary Waood, Catherine Cavendish, Clerk, Dowrager Clintoni, Colehester, Beihavon, Blantyre, Georgiana Bathural. Geraldine Somerset, Jamnes 'Murray, Arabella Baring. Constance Grosvenor. Haddo, Claud Hamilton, Couper. Ernest Bruce. Caroline Coustenay, Wiloughby de Eresby, Lyttelton. Dowager Lyttolton, lEmma Stanley, Do cu, Caroline Barrington Rivera De Tablcy. Tacdonald, P?ortmam, Elizabeth Bnlteel, Walslngham, Catherine V. Barcourt, Lvatuee I.yell. Charles Wellesley, Sarah Spencer Pahro, Cremore, Dacre, Howacryd do Walde, Cdol-pvlle.5 Chorelalil GardiHowvard. JOhn Ruassell, Harzie't Hamfiten, Stuart do Routhesay, Susan PeUham Clinton. Samrah Murray, and Charlette Berkeley. B.4aosn-a;s-Do S;acth. RIcuiT HOINUuaABLES.-Sr G. Clock. C. Shiae ULoevre, Wi. T Daies, E. Cardwell, E. Horaneane, B. e Bouverie, Sir J. Pakideton, Sir George Grey, Sir C. Weed. R Vero Smithl. Spencer Walpole, H. LabauCbere, Sir G.C. Lewis,. Fitzroy and Sir F. Bariug. HexoaAussClonl C B.Fhips,Mrs. 1'apps, IV. Owen Staney,Mrs Stnle. Ms. ran, Ms. ouvrie, J1. K. Howard, C. C. Cvonish Wilia Asley,Mrs Asley Re. C L.Courtenay, Srna-C.Lyol, E Ladger, Gorg Coper, W. Middleton, andI DEANS.-Windsor and Christehoureb REv. Docron.-lWhewvelL PRoFLssoR.-SedgDviek. F.eesSuas.-T. Baring, M P.; Gibbs, Glover, D. Seamour, M,LP.; F.Pel, P. ; Bemlal O.,ere )LP. MISRErSaaSE--cnoijys, Hamnan, Spencer Walpole, Vernon Smith. Bernal Osboma. Shaw efevreCardweu, BainvelWl aymauh,Biuvee, Pagot, lid elD, Frederick Sayer, Do Flat, and Bures. Mrssas.-M. Barrington and Sumner. Anxnc.as.-SirB. Lyons, Right Hon. Sir 3I. F. Berkeley, W. A. B. Gzxs'ir.s.-Bouverie, Sir R. Gardliner, Sir R. Airey, and Knollya WCoaoxxc.s.-aVpemnon Hareourt, M.P., Tyrbitt, FraLcis Seymour, hLuort -HIome Bnrros.] CAPyAxrs.-Du Platt and Sayer. LCEuDTENAxl.-Cowell. The following also had the honourof receiving invitations, but were prevented by domestic affliction from obeying Her Majesty's commands:-The Earl and Countess of Rosebery, Lord and Lady Foley, the Hon. Adelaide Foley, Lord and Lady Kinnaird, Lord and Lady Marcus Hill, Sir G. and Lady Wetherall, Viscount and Viscountess Falkland, and Lord and Lady A!. Gordon Hallyburton. Her RCoyal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited the Duchess of Glocester yresterda.y at Glocester-house Cousit Alexander Mendorif visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent yesterday at Clarence-house, St.
SPOBTIATG IiNTBLLIGEVCB. EPSO, RACES--RTn.Av THE OAKS DAY. The Oaks day invariably winds up the Epsom meeting with considerable Cclat. On the present occasion, however, several circumstances contributed, to render the proceedings somewhat uninteresting. The numerical strength of the field for the Oaks wvas insignificant, but the opposition vhhich set in agwinst Mincepie served to sustain the curiosity with which the event was regarded. The attendance of general company was comparatively scanty, and the people who were present seemed depressed and wearied by the excitement which they had experienced on the preceding night while assisting at the " Peace celebration." Very few ladies were in the balcony of the Grand Stand, and the show of carriages on the hill was meagre and ineffective. The business of the meeting was conducted with the utmost regularity. It would be an injustice to the railway officials not to acknowledge the completeness of their arrangements. On the Derby day 14,600 people were conveyed to Epsom, and-with the exception of one unfortnnate occurrence, for which the authorities -were in no way responsible-such facilities were afforded for conducting the immense traffic that very little confusion was ooca sioned. The courtesy of the Secretary, MIr. F. Slight, in affording the requisite accomodation, was universaily acknowledged. Mr. Hawkin, the general manager, and Mr. Wallace, the station master, also personally superintended the carrying out of the arrangements. The duties of the station in. spector were onerous and irksome in the extreme, but they were discharged by Mr. Castles with extraordinary promptitude and despatch. Superintendent Anscomb, with a most efficient staff of assistants, did duty at the Epsom terminus. The MExBEr!s' PLATEr of o9 sovs.; 3-yr-olds, Tst. 41b. four, Sst. 101b.: five, 9st. 21b. ; six and aged, 9st. Sib. Certain allowances. The wYinner to be sold for 200 sovs. if demanded, &c. Mr. Armstrong's Alcyone, by RPobert de Gorham, 4 yrs, Sat. (Sly) ..1. . . . . . M1r. Ohver's Elfrida. 3 yrs, 6st. 101b (Prior). . 2 Mr. T. Raxworthy's Knight of Avon, 3 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Quinton) ... 3 The folloNving also ran Lord William l'owlett's Druid, 3 yrs, 7st. 41b. (J. Steggles). 2,r. Reeves's Greville, 3 yrs, 7st. lb. (D. Hughes). Mr. Dawvson's The Caledonian, 3 yrs, 7st. 1lb. (Bates). Mr. E. R. Clarke's Surgeon-General, 6 yrs, 9st. 31b. (3. IDockeray). Betting.-5 to 2 each agst Alcyone and Druid; 5 to I each agst 131frida and The Caledonian. Won easily by a length;- to lengths and a-half between the second and third. Greville was fourth and the Druid fifth. The OAuKS STAKEaS of 50 sovs. each, h. ft., for 3-yr-old fillies, Sst. 71b. each. The second to receive 100 sovs. out of the stakes, and the winner to pay 100 sovs. towards the police and regulations of the course, and 30 sovs. to the judge. One mile and a-half-the new course. 130 subs. Mr. H. Hill's lMincepie, by Sweetmeat (A Day)... 1 Lord Cliifden's lelissa, by Orlando (Sl ..) ... . . 2 MIr. Bowe's Victoria, by Melbourne (Bartholomew) ... 3 Mr. H. Stone's Fair Geraldine, by Footstool ... ... 4 The following also ran:- Mr. Howard's Mermaid (Wells). Mr. White's Tyne (Flatman). Baron Rothschild's Comedy (Charlton). Mr. Bryan's Secret (J. Osborne). Mr. VWilkinson's Shot (Alderoft). Mr. Saunders's Shadaw (Kendall). BETTIsG AT STARTING. 2 to 1 agst Mincepie, 3 to 1 agst Mermaid, 6 to 1 agst Victoria, 7 to I agst Tyne, 10 to 1 agst Comedy, 100 to 8 agst Secret, 14 to 1 agst Shot (offered), 20 to l each agst Melissa aad fair Geraldine. At one time Tyne came with a rush into high favour and took the lead in the betting. 3 to lwas taken about her while 4 to 1 was laid agst :incepie. She was, however, quickly driven back, and at the close the current price was 7 to L At the first signal au excellent start was effected. Secret immediately went to the front, Victoria, well laid up, going on second, Melissa third, Comedy fourth, Tyne fifth, and Mermaid 6th, Shadow next. In this order they proceeded to the top of the hill where Victoria took a decided lead, Secret follow,ing in her track, Mfelissa going on third, and Tyne fourth. Shot, at a long interval, bringing up the rear. Hearing the three-quarter-milepost Secret was passed by Melissa, and Tyne began to drop off. At this point the favourite was seen to draw forvard, and when within a short distance of Tattenham-corner she took fourth place. On entering the Straight, Victoria still held the lead, with Melissa close in attendance, Comedy and the favorite being third and fourth, and Fair Geraldine next. When near the distance Comedy droppdd off, beaten, and Melissa -denrived Victoria of the lead, the favorite now-being third, the others straggling, and evidently quite beaten. alfway up the distance, Victoria was in difficulties, and the favorite shot past her, caught Melissa when opposite the stand, and, after a very interesting set-to, she achieved the victory by a neck, the second beating the third three lengths, saine distance between the third and fourth, Mermaid was fifth, Comedy sixth, Shadow seventh, Secret eighth, Shot ninth, and Tyne absolutely last? The RULWA.Yw PLATE (Handicap) of 50 soys. for all ages. Any winner after publication of the weights, 51b. extra. New T.Y.C. (three-quarters of a mile). Captain Christie's Kestrel, by Tearaway, 3 yrs, 6st. 101b. (Fordham) ... ... ... ... .- 1 Mr. Hobson's Georgium Sidus, 4 yrs, Sst. (Wells) ... - 2 Mr. Hadland's PRuth, 2 yrs, 5st. 7ib. (Pritchard) ... 3 The folloNving also ran:- Lord Anglesey's Lizzie, 5 yrs, 8st. 121b. (G. Mann). Mrs. Osbaldeston's Chamnpagne, 5yrs, Sat. 71b. (H. Steggles). Captain Christie's Defiance, 6 yrs, Sst. 41b. (W. WVhite). Mr. Harland's Mirage, 3 yrs, &st. 41b. (Bashai). Mr. T. Hughes's Westminster, 4 yzs, Sat. (D. Hughes). Mr. Payne'sm. by Van Tromp-Queen Malh, 5 yrs, 7st. 11b. (Flatinan). Mr. Armstrong's Alcyone, 4 yrs, Sst. 31b. (including 51b. e;xtra), (Sly). Mr. Drinkald's Professor Airey, 4 yrs, 7st. 91b. (J. Mann), Mr. E. R. Clarke's Billingham, 5 yrs, 7st. 9lb. (Snowden). Mr. Naylor's Sabrina, 3yrs, 7st. 41b. (Bolland), Mr. Sinyth's Nicholas, 6 yrs, 7st. (carried 7st. 21b.), (J. Walters). lMr. Fereby's Reuben Martin, 4 yrs, 7st. (Charlton). Betting.-5to leach agat Kestrel and Defiance, 0 to 1 agst Queen Mab mare S to 1 agst Alcyone, 10 to 1 agst Georgium Sidus, 10 to 1 agst Professor Airey. Queen MIab mare led off, but had scarcely proceeded 200 yards when Kestrel, G corgium Sidus, and Ruth, went to the front. In the last two or three strides Georgiunm Sidlus caught Kestrel, and the contest ended in a dead hieat. Ruth was a length and a-half behind them. Queen Mab mare was a bad fourth. Defiance fifth. DECIDIN-G HEAT. Betting--5 to 4 on Kestrel, who won by three-quarters of a length. GREAT SuRREY- FOAL STArKES of 10 sovs. each, with 150 added, for 3-yr-olds; colts, Sst. 71b. ; fillies, Sst. 41b. Certain penalties and allowances. Last mile of the Derby course. 39 subs. Duke of Bedford's Tlre, byTadniore, ,st. 71b. (S. Rogers) 1 Mr. J. Barnard's Sirocco, Sst. 7ib. (D . Hughes). ... 2 Mr. Gulliver's Dluminator, Sst. 71b. (Yates) ...... 3 Lord Chesterfield's Peter Wilmins, Sst. 71b. (Flatman) .. 4 Mr. Crawfurd's West Langton, Sat. 7b. (G. Oates) ... 5 Mr. Gratw%ick's The Prince, Sst. 71b. (T. Sherwood) ... 6 Betting.-5 to 4 on West Langton, 4 to 1 agst Peter Wilkins, 100 to 15 agst Sirocco, 7 to 1 agst Tyre, 7 to 1 agst Illuminator, S to 1 agst the Prince. A fine race in with Tyre, Sirocco, and Illuminator, ended in favour of Tyre by half a length-the second beating the third by a head. Peter Wilkins was a bad fourth; -West Langton and the Prince were quite be$en offi DERBY AND OARs STAKES of 5 sovs- each, with 30 added, for 2-yr-olds and upwards. Optional selling weights. Half a mile. 17 subs, M1r. Howard's Bacon, by Chatham, 2 yrs (501,), 5st. 51b., carried 5st. 61b. (G. Fordbaui) .. ... .. .. 1 M1r. E. R. Clarlks Plausible, 4 yrs (501.), 7st. 61b. (Snowden) .... ... ... .. .. ... 2 Ir. Samweil's Usurer, 4 yis (501.), 7st. lob. (Charlton)... 3 The following also ran:- Mr. Orford's Stuff and Nonsense, 3 yrs (60l.), 6st. 12lb. (J. Steggles). Mr. Armstrong's Persia, 3 yrs (501.), 6st. 91b. (Miles). Mr. Harrison's Contender, S yrs (S01.), Sat. 121b. (Harrison). Lord Wilton's f. by Birdeatcher-Sacrifice, 3 yrs (S0l.), 6st. 91b. (Mundy). Mr. W. Day's Whiteface, 2yrs (501.), 6st. 21b. (Hlibberd). Mr. Stevens's The Unexpected, 3 yrs (50l.), 7Tt. (Prior). Captain Clhristie's Roving Betsy, 4 yrs (S01.), 7st. 41b. (T. Cliff). Mr. Evans's Little John, 2 yrT (50l.), 5st. 21b. (Pritchard). Mr. H. Lane's Hart Royal, 3 yrs (501.), 7st. 31b. (J. Forster). Mr. J. Brown's c. by 2Ratan-Alice, 3 yrs (501.), 7st. (J. Quinton)._ _ Mr. Watts's f. by Mlathematician-Lady Penydaren, 2 yTs (501.), 5st. (A. Sadler). Betting.-Oto 4 agat Usurer, S to I agat Whiteface,.S5to 1 agst Bacon, 0 to 1 agst Stuff aud Nonsenae, S to 1 agst Plausible, S to 1 agst Alice colt, 10/) to S agt Persia. Won bya length. Very bad third. Bart Royal twas fourth, Sacrifice filly fifth, and Persia sixth. Thewvinner v.as bought in for 210 guineas.
TERPPIFIC Co;Ar-Last evening (Thursday), between 6 and 7 o'clock, as the Dragoons were walking their horses to their different billeting houses, a black stallion attacked a bay next to him with the most savage ferocity. The Dragoon was speedily thrown, and the bay, nothing loth, returned the attack with equal determination. The scene was vathout a paraUlel; the animals fought like bulldogs, struck out with their fore legs, seized each other by the neck and chest, rolled over and over againt groaned, snorted, and savagely continued the extraordmary encounter for upwards of seven minutes. Thetradesmen shut up their shops, for the infuriated animals seemed bent on mutual destruction. Eight or ten Dragoons could do nothing with them until their strenigth was spent and fury exhausted, when one powerful young man watched his opportunity, and, rushing at the prostrate black stallion, seized him ressolutely by both ears, and with an iron grasp made the animal groan wvith rage and pain. The bay was with didiculty forced away, and tried to hick and bite every one near him. This unusual and terrific conduct caused the utmost excitement and the greatest possible consternation. It took place immediately opposite the- George Hotel.- PeatsmoutA paper.
IRELAND. (nRo:a or? OW' CORMESPOrDDNT. 'T DlJBLIkY, FRDA.Y MOiS-NO. THE Tfl'PERAmY BANS. The appeal to the Rolls' Court against the judgment pronounced by the Master in Chancery in the case of the English shareholders was partially heard yesterday, and the arg-nnents are to be resumed this day. The petitioner is a person named John Ginger, who -was one of 50 farmers -who kept accounts m the branch banks nearest their residences, connected -with the London nnd Counties bank, and who had been induced at the instance of iIr. Farnley John Lawr,a manager of th company's Bank, and wrhom MIr. John Sadleir had influenced and. employed for the purpose, to invest their balances in the purchase of shares of the Tipperary Bank, which John Sadleir had represented to be a most desirable andadmirable investment. Counsel for the petitioner contended that- "lUponthese representations, upon the allegationsthat 1he dividends had been regularly paid upon the shares, and that they were worth a premiuin, which premium was estimated at 2l. IOs. o- er and above the 101. which it w;as said had been duly paid, the petitioner was tempted to invest his money. Thus were these unfortunate men-one of whom was John Ginger-prevailed upon to invest their capital in the company, as if the sbares were bonad fde and desirable shares. And at the time that 31r. Law thus induced the petitioner and the other farmers to make these investments John and James Sadleir vere in London. The first misrepresentation in the prospectus of the Tipperary Bank was that 500,OG01. had been subscribed (a sum of 250,000G. not havinm been sabscribed). The second misrepresentation was ihat 100,0001. had been apaid up, the fact being that a su-m not exceeding 40,0001. or 50,0001. had been paid up. Counsel nest stated the other inisreuresentations-viz., as to the number of directors, the nunber of trustees, and the fact that James Sndleir, the manager of the bank, had permitted John Sadleir to overdraw his account to the amount of 200,0001. He (Mr. Fitzgibbon) placed his learned friends on the horns of a dilem-. ma, and they could select either horn they pleased. It was fully established that James Sadleir debited Farrell 'with a. large number of shares, which he brought into the marketin London, and John Sadleir induced the petitioner to purchase 40 shares at tbe rate of 121. lOs. per share. A snm of 17,000L. got into the pocket of Jahn Sadleir, and about. 4,0001. reached ClonmeL The petitioner was also obliged. to pay the ad ralorc?m stamp duty-namely, lOs. per I0O, which he need not have paid if the share had been originally allocated to him by the directors, instead of being shares which appeared in the books of the company in the name of Farrell. The shares were taken by the peti-_ tioner subject to tIe same conditions as those urder which Austen Farrell held them, and he was not liable to him at all, for his name had been wsed without his concurence._ The learned gentleman stated the law to be, that if an agent were employedbya partyto sell his property, andhe directed. him to sell it. telling him not to misrepresent the facts to anybody, and the agent committed a gross fraud, and by misrepresentation induced a third party to buy the shares from him, the principal -whose agent so acted could not. enforce the contract against the party by 'whom the shares had been purchased. Counsel cited several authorities to sustain his proposition. "The Master of the Rolls inquired how many shares were actually held by John Sadleir. "' The Official IEanager replied that he did not exactly - know, but he believed only 50. "Mr. Gaussen, solicitor, stated thlat in January, 1S55, only 20 shares were in the name of John Sadleir." aut. s3rI O'BIez m. The Limeric.k Obscrver mentions as a nunour that. MNh. Smith O'Brien's return to Ireland will be det1ayed for some time bv a tour on the continent 'with his eldest son, and it is further said that his axrrval at Cahirmoyle, his seat. in the county of Limerick. wil be strictly private. I£ t.his latter rumour be true, the good taste evinced by MI. O'Brien cannot. be too highly comrnended.
THE RUG-ELEY POISONI.NG CASE. TO TEEEDITOrQ OF TIE TIMES. Sir.-As secretary of the Coroners' Society, I beg to for- - vard you a copy of a resolution unanimously adopted at the annual general meeting of the society, held on Thursday, the 29th inst., in order to your giving it insertion in your columns, should you think it right to do so. I am, Sir, yours obediently, - SAMUEL P. L1NGAI.L Jun. 10, Bartlett's-building Holbom, May 30. At the annual general meeting of the Coroners' Society of England and 'Wales, held in the city of London on Thnrs- day, May 29, on the motion of Mr. IL Bremnridge, coroner' for Devonshire, it was unanimously resolved,- "That the conduct of Mr. Ward, the coroner for Staffordshire, on the occasion of the holding of the inquest on the body of John Parsons Cook, as appears by the report of the trial of William Palmer, was discreditable, and if leftuncensured by this society will have the effect of lowering the office of coroner in public opinion; and that, regarding this ancient institution as one of the surest safeguards for the security of life and the detection of crime, we cannot but lament that Mr. Ward should have acted as he appears to have done on the late inquiry, and that he shoul] have laid himself open to the severe censure he received at the hands of the Lord Chief Justice."
-' B!X PARTS LOCKE." TO THIE EDITOR OF THME TIIES. Sir,-As the report of the above case in !72c Times of the 7th inst. is calculated to be prejudicial to the Rev. Mr. Holloway, whose name is mentioned therein as having been considered by the Court (together with ourselves and Mr. Berry, a solicitor, of Southampton-bnfldings) to haveresorted to a " contrivance to get rid of the costs" of a rizandamUs, we deem it a duty we owe to Mr. Hollovway to exculpate and exonerate him entirely from such an imputation, he not having in the least degree anything to do with " contriving to get rid of the costs," and being as innocent as ourselves of any such intention; but, on the contrary, he would have appeared (had the whole facts coine before the Court) to have acted in the most honourable way possible by remonstrating with Mr. Berry the instant he discovered the fact of his maldng use of our names as the movers of the original rule, instead of his own (Mr. Holloway's), and by directing him to inform the defendant's agents that he was the party in whose name the nile should have been moved for, and that he was willing and ready to pay the costs (when taxed and called upon to do so) instead of ourselves. Your kind insertion of this will oblige, Your obedient servant4. ROBERT LOCKE. VkULLLF LOCKE. St. Faith, May 22.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In !The Tirnes of yesterday there is an article headed. , Mortality of War," extracted from the Uniec4 S&iice Ga:ette. This article originally appeared in the Athcnzscum of the 17th inst., as an abstract of a paper Mad before this society on the 21st ult., which will be publishe& in the society's journal for September. I am. Sir, your obedient servant. EDWARD TUDOR SOAkl44RT.T. Assistant-Secreta3. statistical society, 12, St. Jame!?s-squarp., London, May 30.
THE ATORlN-EY-GEb'EnmAL AD T STA rE LAw Co.xm3ssIoN.-M2r. Locke Sing, hLP., has obt,aned a copy of the memorandum of the Attorneyral as to the plan of proceeding in the consolidation of the statutes. The hon. and learned gentleman. sets out by obsering that the state of the law of England is "' discreditable to us as a great and enlightened people." The law is partly written and partly unwritten; the latter is to be gathered from the decisions and dicta of judges, dispersed over many hundred volumes of " reports," or frost the opinions of text-writers, contained in works innumerable, while the lex scripta is scattered over the statutes at large, strung together without any order or arrangement, in 40 ponderous tomes, the whole body of the law thus forming a rztdis indigestsaquc moles to which the " many camelloads" of jurisprudence complained of by the Proman jurists hardly afford a paralleL This mighty grievance mnst now be remedied, at least in part, but the learned Attorney-General thinks that the view which has been taken of this object is too limited and narrow, and that the mode of proceeding has, consequently, been far from commensurate with the magnitude of the task. The plan of classifying and consolidating particular " set of statutes into one new statute is regarded, on the whole, as radically vicious and defective; because, first, it will leave the statute-hook still undigested and devoid of arrangement, and fail to get rid of the accumulated mam of effete or "dead-letter" laws; and, second, because it wiLl only deal inefficiently and incompletely with the work of consolidation itself. The imperfect character of the commissioners' scheme of consoldation, independently of all collateral objects, is denouncAd by the learned AttorneyGeneral as another serious objection. Sir Alexander Cockburn, therefore, after thus criticizig the scheme of the commission, submits his own mode of proceeding. Se conceives the object to be accomplished in the process of consolidation to be threefold :-1, actually to " consolidate" all existing statutes,-i. c. to classifythem under heads; 2, to arrange those heads under the different branches into wvhich the whole body of the law divides itself,-i, c., to digest; and, 3, to do this as "a great, entire, and comprehensive whole." To effect so desirable a consummation the Atto-ney-General suggests to the commission that a survey be formed of the whole body of the law, under its various branches and divisionsthat the statutes shall then be sifted from their com,uencement, weeded of obsolete acts, and then consolidated under the respective branches of the law and the heads whereto they belong, and that, this done, the consolidating statutes shal be presented to Parliament with a prdiminay provion that all statutes not therein included slall be iPso facto repealed. In answer to the objection that this plan is too large and would require toomuchstime, the Attorney-Genexal observes that what he suggests (if the reform is to be thorough and comprehensive) must be done sooner or later, and he sees no zeason why, if Pariiament is liberal, and an adequate number of able hands are employed, the whole work may not be achieved in a twelvemon'ti. Nor does the learned gentleman admit the difficulty of framing the analysis of the law -which would form the basis of the pir by him propoxd; and to prove this he himself supplies a' general outgeof one. This "confidentiarl memorandum was communicated by the Statnte Iaw Commission to the Rome-office on the 8th inst.
Tors OF WrLLIAM COBBMT.-Over the slab which 3has hitherto covered the grave of William Cobbelt in the churchyard of Farnhamn, Surrey, a tomb has just been erected by Mr. Thomas Milbes, the sculptor, who executed the statue of \elson recently pult up in i orwich. The tomb is made of a durable stone from the quarry at Roch Abbey, in Yorkishire. It stands near the porch of the church, is of solid workmanship, oblong in form, and in style following the plainest old English architectuire On one palnel the imcrip1ion, copied from the slab, is William Cobbett, son of George and Anne Cobbett orf in the parish of Farnham, 0thc of Mirch, 1762. Enlistad into the 54th Regiment of Foot sn 1784, of which regiient he became sergeast-majorein 1785, h.and obtained his discbarge in 179L In 179ebecame a poll. Cj,-!al writer. Ia 1832 w`'as returned to Parliament for the boiotiagh of Oldhain, and represnted it till his dea,th, which 1,r place at Normandy Farm, in the rAjoini:n- parish. Of As,on the 1Sthi of June, 1835."1 On the panel -opposite, ,.,, Cobbett, dauighter of Thomnas and A nne Reid,' and -rfe of lv7illiam Cohbett; born at Chatharis, 28th of Mach I74 sased at Woolwich, 5th of February, 1792; died hi 17nd4n 19hofJl, 3S Farnhamn Church isvithin z raiLsof wv0iy-abbey and of Moor-park (once tlhefresideue f ir iiam Temple), and about two i fro Aldershott. it ha,~ undergone much alteration sinc the r;eseant vicar came to*,2'e parish, being gr-eatly repaired and ~autfie, ad rederd nore com,modious.
PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGBNCB. laOUSE OF LORDS, FmIY, WAY 0. The LORD CHAsosELLoR took his seat on the woolnack at 5 o'clock. PETITIONS. The Earl of MOUNTCASHEL presented a petition from the Protestent Association of the County and City of Cork, stating that by the Ate of Union Parliament was bound in duty and honour to maintain the established cnurch in Ireland, and praying their lordships to reject any proposal tending to its overthrow. The Duke of ARGYLL presented a petition from Glasgowv, praying their lordships to pass a law prohibiting the sale of intoxicating drinks. Lord DENMAYf presented a petition from a place in Pembrokeshire, praying for the abolition of that part of the oath of abjuration which relates to the descendants of the Pretender. The Earl of DARTMOJUTH presented a petition from Great Wyrley, in the county of Stafford, and also one from Church Bickenhill and Offeliurch, in the county of Warwick, against the abolition of church-rates. The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented a petition from Carlise for revision of certain parts of the liturgy; one from Burton-on-Trent for suppression of Sunday bands, and right observance of the Lord's-day; and two petitions from Crickhowel to the same effect. Ingham's Estate Bill, Talbot's Divorce Bill, and the Edinburgh Municipality BiU were severaUy read a third time and passed. COMMISSIOINERS OF SUPPLY (SCOTLAND) BILL On the motion of the Dukle of ARGYSL4 this bill was read a second time. PEACE PRESERVATION (IRELAND) BILL. On the motion forgoing into committee upon this bill, The Earl of DONOUGEMORE suggested that the Government should wvithdraw the measure before the House, and should substitute another for it, stating plainly and distinctly what it wvas that they proposed to enact. The original act wshich the present measure partly continued, partly modified, and partly repealed, was the 11th of 'ictoria, chap. 2. That act contained 23 clauses, of which the Government proposed to repeal 7, to modify 2, and enly to re-enact 14, several of which,he believed, ought bythe forms of Parliament to be originated in the otherhouse. The bill was, in point of fact, a continuance of the old Crime and Outrage Act which had been introduced in 1847- but he contended that the circumstances which had induced Parliament to assent to that measure no longer existed; and he protested sgaissst the continuance of a system of legislation which gave to the Executive undue power, and whichproclaimed sn perpetuity, as it were, that the people of Ireland were beyond the reach of the ordinary law. He moved that the bill be committed that day six months. The Earl of BESSBOROUGH supported the bill. Its object was to continue the provisions of the Crisne and Outrage Act, omitting the taxing clauses, and others which were either unnecessary or provided for by separate acts. Lord REDESDALE saw no objection to the bill if it were intended merely to continue the Crime and Outrage Act; but when a temporary act was to be made permanent he thought their lordslsips should have an opportunity of reconsidering it clause by clause. Lord CAMPBELL said that, on the understanding that the object of the bil was to continue and mitigate the existing law, he would not object to it at the present stage. Bnt he protested against the practice of partially repealing and partiaUy renewing the provisions of existing acts, the only effect of which was to introduce uncertainty and confusion where everything should be clear and simple. The Earl of WICKLOW maintained that great benefit had resulted from the Crime and Outrage Act, which ought to be made a permanent measure in Ireland. Lord ST. LEONARD'S w%ished to know whether there was anything in the state of Ireland renderinig it necessary to make this, which had always been a temporary measure, a permanent one. It was not an easy matter to repeal a Government measure like this, and therefore they should be extremely careful as to its enactments. They were spending a large sum of money for the improvement and consolidation of the law, and not without cause, for some of the worst drawn biUs had lately passed that had ever been known in their Parliamentary history. Every biUl shouldtell itsown story, andyet in thepresent instance he found thebirn enacting so and so, with the exception of so and so, to an extent that renderedjit unintelligible. It would be impossible to understand the measure vithout studying the original act of Parliasnent. TheEarlof EGLlNTOUNsuggested that the bill should be withdrawn for the present, and one more intelligible introduced. So far as he understood the bill he approved it, except on the point of permanence. The Marquis of CLANEPICAR;DE was not aware of anything in the present state of Ireland that called for an extraordinary measure of coercion; but, considering that this act had been for many years in operation and had been considered useful, it would be bettertocontinue it. At the same time, he thought it should be limited to five years. The Earl of BESSBOROUGH would not object to the limitation of the bill to five years. The Earl of POWIS thought the object of the bill would be more intelligible if the title of the former act were continued. The House then went into committee, Lord Redesdale in the chair. On clause 1 being read, TheEarl of POWVIS moved as an amendment, tlsatthe title of the bill should be " An Act for the Suppression of Crime and Outrage in Ireland." Lord CAMPBELL opposed the amendment, which was negatived without a division, and the clause was adopted. The remaining clauses of the bill were also agreed to; words being introduced, on the motion of the Earl of BESSBOROoUGH, continuing the operation of the measure for a period of five years-namely, until the 1st of July, 1861, or until the end of the then next session of Parliament. The House resumed, and the bill was reported. APPELLATE JURISDICTION (HOUSE OF LORDS) BILL. TheLORD CHAIN'CELLOR, in moving the second readng of this bill, said,-It is hardly necessary for me to recall to your lordsahips' recollections the circusnstances under which the committee, upon whose report tbe measure is founded, was appointed. Your lordships will remember that Her Majesty was advised to confer the dignity of a peerage for life upon the Right Hon. Sir James Parke, by the title o' Baron Wensleydale; and that at an early period of the session he proposed to take his seat in thin house; but after a full discussion on the subject, your lordships came to a resolution that he was not entitled so to do. In consequence of that proceeding a noble earl, not now present (the Earl of Derby), moved the appointment of a select committee, to whom should be confided the duty of inquiring into the state of the appellate jurisdiction of your lordships' House. That committee, which was a very full one-consisting, if I remember aright, of between 20 and 30 members-examined a great number of persons connected with the administration of iustice in this house, the most eminent practitioners at the bar, two distinguished judges from Scotland, and two or three other witnesses, with a view to ascertain how far the conduct of judicial business in your lordships' liouse, as an ultimate court of appeal, was or was not satisfactory to suitors and to the great bulk of Her MIajesty's subjects. I think I am entitled to say, as the result of that inquiry, that the general-I might almost say the universal-feeling was that, although there were matters which avowedly required emendation, your lordships' administration of justice was one for which no substitute would in tile eyes of the public be satisfactory. Whether that decision was right or wrong the public and your lordships will deternine, tut that such was the unanimous expression of opinion, aliL- on the part of the witnesses and the committee itself, cannot for a moment be disputed. In this state of things the question to which we had to direct our attention was how far there was a legitimate cause of complaint and a well-founded feeling of discontent as to the mode in which justice is here administered. Whatever judgment maybe formed on other branches of this question, I doubt not that you will come to the conclusion that no pains were spared to sift the matter to the bottom by examining those who were best qualified for giving an opinion on the subject, and who vere free from the slightest suspicion of a bias in favour of the tribunal as already constituted. The investigation may be said to have led to this conclusion, that, aYthough substantially no ground of complaint existed, and although it was felt that the subjects submitted to your lordships' consideration Nwete very fully and carefully examined, there were, nevertheless, certain matters of detail which required amendment. The committeecould not but perceive that the judicial business of your lordships' House, being conducted by the law lords-that is to say, by certain peers who owe the distinction of seats in this department of the Legislature to their conunexion mith the profession of the lalv-there was no security as to what number of persons would attend at the hearing of appeals. The consequence was, that although soisetimes canes of importance were inquired into by three, and occasionally by four law lords, they were frequently conducted by two, and, indeed, very often by only one such peer (hear, hear); and this was represented an having gien rise, not wvithout reason, to public dissatis- tacmn. lt aslong been a mootPitb ths who h;ave speculated on subjects of jurisprudence, whether the administration of justice by one or that by a plurality of judges is likely to prove the more satisfactory. At the first blush, you might think that several heads devoted to the consideration of a given subject are more likely to arrive at a sound conclusion than one unaided mind; but, on the other hand, many eminent jurists have been of opinion that there is an evil in havng more than one head to arbitrato a question, for they contend that when there is one, and one only, there is individed responsibility, which more tha;n conmpensates for the absence of many minds. I must confess that to that opinion I have always felt inclined to defer. It appears to me that the advantaee resulting from undivided responsibility tends very much to make up for the absence of that greater kcnowvledge which would ho attained through the co-operation of many minds; but that in not a matter on which the viewvs of any one person ought to be decisive, and there wvas a universal opinion among the witnesses that the ultimate court of appeal ought to be a tribunal, for which the attendance of more than one judge should be insured. The committee therefore came unanimously to the conclusion that this was a reform which it was their duty to recommend. Some of the witnesses represented that five was the best number; some thought that there ought not to be nsore than three judges; others were of opinion tbat, following the practice of 'Westminster.hall, the,re should be four. Much may be said in favour of all these suggestions, and something too, against them, but it is obviousg bat an attempt to constitute a tribunal in such a rmanner talm in no ease it shall be open to tlheoretical objec- tion as regards the number of its judges is a pure chime (Hear, herr.) After viewingthe question from aUt points of aspect, the conitte determined that, on the whole, the best plan would be to fix three as the minimuayumberof judges to attend in ordinary cases. But then comes the onesthon, howv are you to secure the compulsory attendance of three lawr lords ? The commuittee could not but be sen sible that here there was a difficulty. I have no intention of reviving the discussion on the subject of life peerages. but I must be allowed to observe that, contrary to what might at the first glance be regarded as the dignity of their profession, there was amon;l the members of tue bara very general concurrence of opinion in favour of such peeiages. They said that, owing to an annuaUy increasing diminution in their professional emoluments, there was little prospect of such large fortunes being again amassed as were not unfrequent in former times, and they suggested that lifepeerages would be a description of dignity which eminent lawyers might accept without injury to their own pecuniary means and without detriment to the honour of this House. It is needless to say that ia that recommendation I cordially concurred. I could not see any such satisfactory mode of recruiting from time to timue the judicial strength of your lordships' Rouse as by enabling Her Majesty to introduce distinguished lawyers within its walls, under circumstances that would not entail upon themselves a ruinous expenditure, or upon your order the evil of a succession of comparatively poor peers. (Hear, hear.) In the course of the investiyation one of the witnesses made an observation which all who have any experience of courts of justice must admit to be weU founded-namely, that there is but one test by which to tell whether a man is fit for the discharge of high judicial duty, and that is experience of his capacity for the performance of such functions. It has been remarked that the most skilful lawyers and the most eloquent advocates do not always malke the most illustrious judges. The committee therefore recommended that no man should be selected for such a post here who had not discharged high judicial duties for a period of at least five years elsewhere; and they suggested that it would be weU if Her Majesty were empowered to select from those who had most distinguished themselves in the performance of those duties certain persons to fill a judcial office in your lordships' house. Much has been said about the statuts of such persons. The suggestion that they should fill the character of "assessors" was not deemed satisfactory, and at last it was recommended that Her MIajesty should be " enabled "-supposing. for the sake of argument, but without prejudice to the Sovereign's right, that au enablmg poLoer d necessary for such a purpose-to grant peerages for life to certain layers 'with a view to qiuahify them in point of rank for the discharge of judicial duties in this house. If there are al~vays to he three persons discharging judicial functions here, the assumption is of course that the Lord Chancellor will he one of them, and that the two others will assist himn. The question of salary also was mooted, and it was recommended that it should be fixed, according to the precedent of the common law courts of Westininster-hall, at 5,0001. or 6,0001. a-year. The committee further recommend that they shall fill offices by the title of deputy speakers, that it shall be their duty, unless prevented by illness, to assist the Lord Chancellor regularly in the discharge of the judicial business, and that they shall hold their offices, as those of other judges are held, during good behaviour, being liable of course, like other judges, to renoval for misconduct upon an address from bath Houses of Parliament. By these mcans there will be secured a tribunal, or que.i tribunal, consisting ofnot less than three judges,who, w,e may suppose, will be the most eminent that Westminster-hall can supply, and who will we hope, constitute a perfectly satisfactory tribunal. Other evils were pointed out as e-xisting in the tribunal itself, and one of the most important of these was, that it often happens that the business' which ought to be disposed of during the session is not got through, and therefore causes a great arrear in the next. At the opening of the session of 1855 there was an arrear of, I think, 25 causes. At the opening of this session there was an arrear of but 10. My experience enables me to say that, as a rule, the business set down for each session is now generally dis posed of within the session, and the arrears only arise from those of former years. What was suggested to the coramittee as a proper mode of dealing with this evil was that, by an act of Parliament, your lordships' House should be enabled, notwithstanding a prorogation, to sit for the discharge of its official duties in order to get rid of arrears. That seems to be the most reasonable mode of meeting the evil, because it is the most obvious, and goes immediately to the root of the evil. These are all the enactments which it has been thought necessary to introduce into this measure. Several minor complaints were made to the committee concerning the manner in which the judicial business of the House is conducted, but it appeared upon considerationthat they all referred to matters which are quite within the competency of your lordships, and were therefore not fit subjects for legislation. Although they may appear tobe minor matters, yet I believe they are by no means unimportant. Your lordships are aware that in order to constitute a Hous: -to make a quorum-it is necessary that there should be a least three members present. Now, it frequently viappeas that the Lord Chancellor is hearing appeals alone, and even wvhen he is assisted by two law lords, who, I need not say, discharge duties quite as important as those of the Lard Ch,ancellor. it has always been thought fit that there should be a quorcum independent of those law lords, because asthey are no miiore bound to attend than is any other noble lord, it has not been thought right that they should be taxed to the extent of compelling them to remain constantly in the house in order to constitute the quoluom. The result has been that two lay lords, vs they are called, have always attended for the sole purpose of making a House. This has been no real impediment to the admuinistration of justice, but it has had a very unseemly appearance, and in articles written upon this subject it has Len alleged as one great grievance that one lord hears the argumentone day, another the next, and a third takes part in the giving of judgment. No doubt, were that true in substance as it is in form, it would be a great grievance; but every one knows that, in truth, the lay lords attend only as an idle ceremony and in obedience to a rule of the House, but that they take no Dart in the proceedings. It is, however, as well, and I think better, that their presence should be dispensed with, because it leads to an appearance of impropriety which does not really exist. This evil may be met in two ways. In the dist place, as there will always be, the Lord Chancellor, and the two deputy speakers, and probably very frequently some other law lord present, there will always be enough to constitute a quorum ; and if this should not be sufficient your lordships can at any time make such regulations as will remove the difficulty. Another matter to which the attention of the committee was called was, that it is extremely desirable to give to your lordships' House, when administerinig justice, as much as possible the forns of a judicial tribunaL Some have suggested that the Lord Chancellor, the deputy-speakers, and any other lawv lords who may attend should alwvays wear an official costume. I think many advantages might follow from the adoption of such a recommendation. Among other things, the presence of a costume prevents any one from attempting to speak to those who are engaged in judicial business. No one would think of taLking to a judge on the bench, nor ought they-to speak toa Judge administering justice in this house. I am far from saying or insinuating that the law lords who attend in this house do not pay to every case an attention as undivided as if they wore the usual judicial costume; but I believe that suitors would be more satisfied that their cases were attended to if they saw present some one whose dress indicated that he was engaged in that duty. This, however, is a matter which must be provided for by regulations to be made by your lordaships' House, or by that part of it to which the perforlnance of judicial duties shall be intrusted. It is also said that it would be infinitely better that the lords who hear appeals should deliver their judgments, like the judges, sitting at a table, instead of rising in their places as on other occasions to move the judgment of the House. This is another subject upon which it would be absurd to legislate, and with regard to which Your lordships can niake any rules which may be deemed desirable. AlLnother matter which requires very great consideration is the expense of proceedings in your lordships' house. (Hear.) That expense arises partly from the fact that the cases which come before your lordships are generaly so important in amount or in principle that it is the interest of those who are concerned in them to secure at any cost the services of the most eminort men, who are therefore paid very highly for their attendance. Th.tis an expense which is beyond your lordships' control, and with which it is impossible that you shoulddeal. There are, however, some arrangementsin your lordships' house the alteration of which might possibly lead to a considerable reduction of expense. It is the practicetorequire each litigant to lodge a printed case, giving a summary of the proofs, together with all the documents on which he relies. I believe that in the Court of Chancery it has been found that printing is cheaper than w riting, and I am not at all clear that the printing required by your lordships occasions any additional expense. If this tiibunal is remodelled, however, it will be matter for consideration how far it is possible to dispens3 with this case altogether. This case occasions very great expense, not only in the printing but in the getting up, because it has to be got up by learned counsel who must receive very considerable fees. Whether the framing of such cases does not eventually tend to shorten the proccedings, and so to diminish expense, is a matter on which I will not at present express any opinion; it must be inquired into and dealt with according to the result of that investigation. In order to carry into execution such of these measures as can oln-v be carried out by legislation this bill has been framed, and I ask your lordships to give to it a second reading, in; order that you may bc enabled more satisFactorily to dischalrge those judicial functions which the constitution has intrusted to you. (Hear.) Tlle Earl of MAL1MESBURY said, as he understood this bill, the persons on whom life peerages were to be conferred would, in addition to their high judicial offices, enjoy all the privileges of the peerage in common with hereditary pecrs, and would be able to sit in the house and vote on matters of ordinary legislation. He should like to know, therefore, whether in the case (no doubt a very improbable case) of one of these life peers being removed from his judicial office for misconduct, in the manner provided by the bill, he would still be continued in the exercise of the ordinary functions of a legislator, and be able to sit and vote among their lordships as before? Fifteen years was named in the bill as the term of service requisite to give a title for a pension, but he would suggest that the terus should be 10, as it was provided that each of these peers should have served five years in some high judicial office before his appointment. Lord REDESDAILE said that if life peers were to beap pointed it would be very unwise not to put them in exactly the same position as all the other members of their lordships' House. (Hear, hear.) In the case suggested by the noble earl of a life peer being removed for misconduct from Isis judicial offic by an address from both Houses, it would be in the power of their lordships to follow the precedents shich existed, though they were rare, and remove him from his legislative functions by a bill, which no doubt in such a case would he readily concurTed in by the other branches o' the Legislature. WVith regard to the term of service required to earn a pension, the 15 years hc apprehended included the service as a deputy Speaker, and the previous service as a Judge as well. Earl GREY said, he did not object to this bill so far as it related to the creation of additional legal offices to render that IIonse nore competent to discharge its functions as the highest court of appeal in the country; but he thought it was unfortunate that the Government had departed from the recommendations of the committee. He still considered that a person who had been Lord Chancellor for five years was well qualfied for the office of deputy Speaker, and he had understood the committee to express the same opinion. It had also been proposed to fx the salary at 6,OOO_. instead of 5,000L. a-year. If the latter salary only wera affiLed to the office of deputy Speaker, it was useless to expect that any ex-Chancellor would undertake an office vwhich, though it gave him additional labour, gave him no increase of salary. If the ex-Chancellors could be got-to undertake these duties at salaries of 6,OOOl., their pensions as ex-Cbancellors would be thereby saved to the public. He wished, however, to call their lordships' attention to that part of the bil which related to the creation of peerages for life. The more he considered the subject, the more he felt convinced that this bill did no' deal with that subject in a proper manner. Notwithstanding the decision of the Committee of Privileges in the case of Lord Wensleydale, and its subsequent affirmation by the House, he still remained of his original opinion, that this House, in refusing to permit a person on whom. Her MIajesty had conferred a life peerage to sit and vote as- a peer, had assumed to itself a power and authority which did not belong to it according to the law and constitution of the country, andhadsetaprecedentwhich wouldbedangerous for the future. Entertaining that opinion, he objected to that portion of the bil which related to life peerages because it virtually affirmed the propriety of the decision of the Committee of Privileges, and carried it into effect for the future. He had never expressed any approval of the manner in which the prerogative of the Crown had been exercised by Her Majesty's Government in the case of Lord Wensleydale. They certainly were gailty of a great indiscretion in the course which they pursued. It would be highly proper that some means should be taken of regulating the exercise of the prerogative for the future. and if they were to legislate upon the subject it was not right for that House to abrogate a power which, as he contended, Her Majesty still possessd, without providing for all the cases which might arise for the future. By this bill Her Majesty would be enabled to create life peers only in the case of persons who were to hold the office of deputy Speaker, but precisely the same reasoning which applied to that officer would apply to other important State offices. There were several high offices in the Government which, accordinig to invariable custom, were held by members of their lordships' House It had been continually found that it would be desirable to bestow some of the high offices of the State on persons who did not possess a seat in their lordships' house, and it had been the custom under those circumstances for the Minister of the day to advise the Crown to bestow on those persons the dignity of a peerage. Now, if it were necessary that these peerages should he hereditary peer.ages, the effect of that check upon the discretion of the Crowvn wvould he, as in fact it had been, most injuriously felt. (Hear, hear.) It might happen that the person who was the fittest for an office in the State which was usually held by a member of their lordships'House might not possess afortune su3fflciently large to justify him inz accepting an hereditary peerage - or it might happen that he wvas unwilling to do so. although even he did possess sufficient fortune. It was well known that by degrees the House of COmmonS bad become the arena in 'which the contest of p artiestook place, and consequently perIsouswhohadgainedahighposition inthat house were extremeIly unwilling to leave it in order to enter into their lordships' house. It might also happen that a man upon whom it would be desirable to confer high off3ice would be unwilling to accept an hereditary peerage, because, by doing so, a son whose talents gave promise of future distinction, might be too soon removed from the other HIouse of Parliamenlt. In such cases it was very desirable that the Crown should have the power of creating life peerages, accompanied by a seat in their lordships' house. In former times the Crown possessed the power of enriching those persons upon whom high office was biestowed and who were raised to the peerage. No7ble lords descended from statesmen of former times who were elevated to the peerage would see that their ancestors were raised to fortune at the same time that they were raised to the peerage. At the present day, how.ever, the power of the Crown to confer fortune as well as dignity was greatly diminished; and it was highly inexpedient that the Crown should be prevented from employing the services of those persons who were best adapted for filling high officein the State onaccount of adifficultywithregardtothe fortune of their successors. With regardto peerages conferred for distinguished naval ormilitary services, it was nowv the common practice, in cases in which a peerage was conferred on a person whose fortune was not large, to invite Parliament to make provision for that person;* but, unfortunately, the practice was to bestows permanent peerage, while the pension was only extended to three lives. and the consequence was that a permanent honour was created, to be provided for by a temporary pension. No0 doubt there had been cases in which the services rendered had been of so transcendent a character, as those of Marlborough and Wellington, in which, with an hereditary peerage, an absolute grant, sufficicnt to support the dignity had been made, but it appeared to hrim that, generaly speaking, it would be more desirable that peerages thus con ferred should be tomporary. Hfe did not think it necessaryto go more fully into the subject, because, by the recent changein the mode of uroceeding in committee of their lordships' House, he had been able to p lace on record the amendments which he had proposed, and which fully explained his views on the subject ; but therewas one point to which he wished to refer. He felt himself bound to express his regret that the Government had introduced this measure in a less formal mauner thanhe believed they ought to have done. By the law and practice of Parliament it had been always usual, when the House was called upon to pass a bill which limited the prerogative of the Crowvn, to signify the consent of the Crown, and, as he believed that the Crown at the present moment had the power of creating life peerages which would confersa seat in their lordships' hense, he believed that the consent of the Crown should have been formallysignified before their lordships were called upon to agree to the present bilU. Lord CAMPBELL rose to express his admiration of the bill, which went as far as it ought to go, and did not ex;ceed that point. As to any necessity for the previous assent of the Csrown, he denied the necessity for any sach expression of assent. He had no hesitation in saying gravely and deliberately, that the bill would add to and not detract from the powuer of the Crownu. The auestion as to whether the Crown had power to create life peerages which conferred a seat in that house was a re~s juediceW. Their lordahips had formally decided that question, and that decision formed the law of the land upon the subject. It was now proposed to give that power to the Crown under certain limitations and restrictions, and to that cou}rse he had not the slightest objection. Itwas, in his opinion, expedient that there should be, to a certain small extent, the power of creating peers for life with judicial functions;* and it was for that purpose that the present bill had been introduced. He was glad, therefore, that the bill had been brought in, and that it was confined to peerages granted with a view to judicial objects. He believed that the jurisdiction which their lordships and their ancestors had so long exercised of superintending the administration of justice in this country, and, in the last resort, of deciding a ppeals from all inferior tribunals, had been most useful. He was persuaded that the nation had derived great benefit from it, and had been fully satisfied with it; an salthough some objections mig.ht attach to it, such as belonged to all human institutions, he was persuaded that, uponthe wvhole, the appeUlate jurisdiction of thecountry could not have rested elsewhere without detriment to the administration of justice. The p reservation of an hereditary branch of the Legislature, independent of the Crown and independent of merely popular representation, had been at times a great prop to hiberty in Eugland, and he believed thatif the hlereditary character of that branch w ere destroyed the constitution of Eungland could not be preserved. HIe He thoulght, therefore, that it was a most inexcpedient course to tamper with the constitutional character of that House;still, he did not object to peerages, not hereditary, being created to the number of four, as proposed by the bill, because it was necessary for the appellate jurisdiction that there should be power of granting life peerages to that extent. HEc should say nothing about the details of the measure until the bill went into committee. EBarl FITZ WILLIAMI was surprised at one expression which had fallen from his noble and learned friend who had just sat dow.n; and he was the mere so bcecause it had pro. ceeded fromn a person so learned, having so much exiperience, and so much knowledge of the constitution of the country as his noble and learned friend. In reference to the question whether a peer'created for life had a right to sit in that house, his noble and learned friend said that that was no longer a question. hut that it wvas i-cs jutdicatal, inasmuch as it had been decided by a resolution of that House. He begged to remnind his noble .and learned friend, how ever, of the proceedings which had taken place with reference to the MIiddlesex election in 170S, when MRr. Wilkes was dep rived of his seat, not by one resolution of the HIouse of Commons. but byv resolutions over and over again repeated. | Nevertheless the whole of those proceediugs of the of House Commons were ultimately rescinded, and to the satisfaction, as he believed, of everybody. It would, perhaps, be out of place at the present stage to enterinto the details of the bill, but it seemed to him, with respect to the sixth clause, which regulated the particular mode in which the Crown was to be allowed hereafter to exercise its prerogative, that words ought to be introduced which, while providing for the appellate jurisdiction of the House, would not have the appearance of encroaching upon the IVoyal prerogative. 'When the hill came to be considered in committee he would move an amendment to that effect. Lord CAMPBELL would not presume to answer the observations of the noble earl, but he might be allowed to say, byway of explanation, that he did not rely upon a resolution of either House of Parliament. Neither branch of i he Legislature by resolution could alter the law of the land; but, by the constitution of England, the House of Peers was ihe only tribunal to determine whether there had been a just and valid patent of peerage granted by the Crown, and when that question was decided by the House in the exercise of its judicial function it did become resjudica&s. Lord DENMAN had voted against the life peerage granted to Baron Wensleydale, but would support the preent bill, although he was not sure how it would work. Earl GRANVILLE concurred in the views expressed by the noble earl on the cross benches (Earl Fitzwiiam). He still retained the opinion he expressed as to Her Majesty's prerogative when this question 'was formerlybefore them; but it would be ont of place to reargue that point now. He wished, at the same time, to guard himself against being supposed to support the present bill on the grounds on which it had been supported by the Lord Chief Justice. The noble earl (Earl Grey) had expressed an opinion that the Government ought to have brou ht down a formal message from Her Majesty, giving her consent to the measure before the House. He agreed with the noble earl that Her Majesty's consent to the bill was necessary, but it was considered that it would be quite sufficient if that con- sent was intimatedby one of Her Mai estys Iinisters at some stage of the bill. (gear, he.r.) The bDil was then read a second time. NATIOAli GALERY BILL. On the question that this billbe read a second time, Lord ST. LEONMAID sugg-esed that the money obtained by the sale of pictures should be appropriated to the parchase of other pictures,instead of going into the consolidatedfund. Theremight beinjudicioussalesaswell asinjudicious purchases of pictures; and therefore he suggested that before any sale took place such publicity should be given to the intention as might enable Farliament to interpose. The billwas then read a second time. The report of amendments to the Oxford University Bill as brought up and received. The Fire Insurances Bill went through committee. The Hose adjourned soon after 8 o'cloclk
HOUSE OF COMMONS, FaiDAY, MAY 30. The SPyEuXEn took the chair at a-quarter to 4 o'clock The Bawtry and Tinsley Road Bill, the Middlesborough Extension and ImprovementBill, the Penrith and Cockermouth Roads Bill, and the Rotherham and Esrnley-moor Road Bill were read a third time and passed. Petitions against the Scoteh and Irish Paupers Removal Bil were presentedby,Mr. W.LoCKHIRT,from the parochial board of the barony of Glasgow and of Cadder; by Mr. G. COAEN-DisH, from Chesterfield; by M7r. BuIx,ER, from the guardians of the Hacknegy Union; by Sir A. AGNEEW, from the parochial board of Leswalt, Wigtonshire; and by Mr. SmTisas', from the members of the parochial board of CrieffE Petitions against the Testamentary and Iatrimonial Jurisdiction Bill were presented by Mr. CntpiN, from the solicitors of Salisbury; by Sir S. BxGXzoL3D, from the sheriff of the city of Norwich and 46 practising attorneys- and by fMr. HA2KEY, from solicitors and bankers of PeteAiorougL Other petitions were presented by Sir J. A,sDERsoX, from the mnagistrates and council of Dunfernline, against the present system of billeting soldiers in Scotland, by 31r. MEAGHER, from the Catholic inhabitants of two parishes in Waterford, against the Juvenile Offenders (Ireland) Bill; by Ar.EDMUNDrn DENxsox,from Varley,nearHalifax,againstthe Public Health Bill; and from several Gilbert Unions in the West Riding, against theirabolition; by Mr. Krmn,from the Presbyterian congregation of Nevtownards, and another from the spir,t dealers of that town, praying the HIouse to prohibit the sale of spirits on the Lord's.day, by Mr. L. DAVSES, from the inhabitants of Llaufihangelystraed, inl the county of Cardigan, against the removal of St. David's College from Lampeter to Breclnock; by Mr. Grxesocs, from a meeting at Lancaster, againstthesaleofintodicatingliquors; by Nlr. G. Cx?aNSs, from Chesterfield, against the Vaccination Bil; also from Brampton, praying for an alteration in the common fund charge; and anotherfrom BradweUl, against the Rating of Mines Bill; by Mr. BAESNs, from the Holbeek Adult Improvement Society Leeds, for a decimal system of coinage and accounts; b Mr H1ADFIELD, from the Conmmittee of Friends of Voluntary Education, against the Scotch Burghs Education Bil, and complaining of the incompetency of town-councils to undertake the education of the peopho; by Mr. BAxTEr, from a public meeting of the inhabitants of Dundee, against any interference with the Forbes Mackenzie Publichouse Act; by Mr. FERGusoN, from inhabitants of Carlisle and neighbourhood, praying for a revision of the following occasional church services-viz., the public baptism of infants, the burial of the dead, and the visitation of the sick; by Sir H. P. DAVI, from Jedburgh, against alferation of the Publichouse Act (Scotland); by Mr. ALTFXAX-DER ILkSTIE, from the minister, elders, and deacons of Free St. Matthew's, Glasgow, in favour of the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill; also, from a committee of the citizens of Glasgow, favourable to the statute for the better regulation of publichouses; and in favour of a billto amend the registration of persons entitled to vote in the election of members of Parliament; by Mr. H. A. BRucE (6), from congregations in MerthyrTydvil, against all public grants for religious worship and teaching in Ireland; by lord E3tLYx.N, from Treffgarn, Pembrokeshire, praying for inquiry into the sh church; by Mr. ST_BLIG, from members of the parochial board of Crieff, against the N=uisances Removal (Scotland) Bill; and byMr. 13us (2), from the parishes of Baltinglass and Statford, against any measure which has for its object the infringement upon the rights or property of the established church in Ireland. SCOTCH ANT) ilRISH PAUPERS REMOVAL BILL. In answer to a question from 31r. T. DuscosBE, Mr. BOUVERIE stated that it was his intention to proceed with the Scotch and irisb Paupers Removal Bill on Thursday or Friday next. DULWICEH COLLEGE. Mr. T. DUNCOMBE asked whether it was the intention of Government to introduce a bill to carry out the scheme of the Charity Commissioners in reference to Dulwich College, and whether the comrnissiouers possessed any authority to prevent in the interim the filling up of three vacancies? fr. BAINES. -I beg to state, in reply to my hon. friend, that it is the intention of Her Majesty's Government to introduce within the present session a bill for the purpose of giving legislative samction to the new scheme proposed by the Charity Commissioners with respect to Dulwvich College. With regard to e.xisting vacances, the commissioners have thought it their duty to recommend that they should not be filled up till Parlament has had an opportunity of considering the subject, but the conmmissioners have no legal authority absolutely to prevent those vacancies from being XONUMENT TO THE DUKE OF WELLINGToN. Lord CHELSEA asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer what the Government proposed to do with the 25,0001. which was the balance remaining of the sum of 80,0001. which was devoted to defray the expenses of the funeral of theDukSeof Wellington? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that Govermuent had no power to apply that balance to the purposes of erecting a statuetothelauke of Wellington,or to any other purpose than that for which it was voted. Bat it was the intention of the Government to recommend that the balance should be appropriated to the erection of a monument to the Dul-e of Wellington. His right hon. friend the President of the Board of Works had already ask-ed for designs for a monument, which it was intended should not exceed the balance of 25,0001. He thought it was not probable that he should ask for a vote from Parliament for this purpose during the present session. COMPENSATIO.N TO THE MIITIA. Colonel GILPIlNr hoped the House would excuse his availing himself of the question of adjournment in order to bring under its notice a subject of quite a different character, as he would probably have no other opportunity of doing so. The question of the compensation to be allowed to the militia on disembodiment had been several times mentioned in that house, and it had been understood that surgeons were to receive 12 months' pay, and subalterns and paymasters three months' pay, as gratuities. In the original r es for the militia framed by the right hon. member for Wiltshire (Mr. S. Herbert), surgeons andpaymasters were placed upon the same footing, and no officer was to receive compensation under less than 10 years' service. If that rule was relaxed in the case of the surgeons it ought also to be relaxed to an equal extent in favour of the paymasters. The Latter officers had to find securities to the Government to meet many incidental expenses, and many had left businesses to which they could not now return. Paymasters' accounts had not yet been audited and might not be audited for a year or two, during which time those officers, being under securities to the Government, could not leave England if they wished to do so. He also wished to advert to the case of the nonI commissioned officers and privates of the militia. It was proposed that they should receive the remainder of the annual bounty. That might be economy, but it was hardly justice, for they had a right to that bounty. At the close of the Last war the militia received a certain nuniber of days' pay, and he did not think the militia of the present day were less -worthy of consideration. Without the mnilitia the country could not have carried on the war or concluded a satisfactory peace. 33,000 trained soldiers had volunteered from it for foreign service, and, had the Government felt at liberty to accept their offer, 10,000 militia might have been procured for service in the Crimea, or any place where the country needed their services. The men of the Foreign Legion were to receive grants of land upon disembodiment, and he was sure, if all the expenses of that body were laid before Parliament, it would be found that one man in the ForeignLegion cost the country as much as three militiamen. (Hear.) The noble lord at the head of the War Department in another place had urged the i propriety of dealing liberally with those foreigners who had taken service under the British Crown, in order that the good name of the country might be maintained, so that in any future necessity foreigners might not hesitate to offer their services. He (Colonel Gilpin) would iirge thesame reasons for dealing liberally with our fellow-countrymen who had come forward to serve their country, and who had done so at home and abroad; and, in conclusion, would only add that, if unfortunately, at any future time, war should again occur, he hoped the Government of the day would not ismediately rush to the foreign market for troops, but would rely upon the energy and patriotism of their countrymen. (Hear.) CaptainSTUARTalsoadvocatedtheclaims of the pamasters, and thoupght it but reasona'ole that some compensation -21 days' or a month's pay should be granted to the men on disembodiment. Be also wished to remark upon another point not immediately connected with the subject under discussion. It had been generally believed that some compensation would be allowed to offlicers who had served in the Crimea., but now it apeared thevwere only to receive the barren honour of the thanks of Parliament, and upon their return home were to be thrown at once upon haLfpay. Colonel DUJNNE supported the claims of the privates of the militia to some gratuity upon disembodhuent. He also -wished to know upon what footing the staff of the militia was to be retained ? If the staffas w to be p laced upon the same footing as during the last peace, he could only regard it asaperfect waste of public money. He wished also to know what would be done with the foreign troops enlisted in our service ? Lord BERNARD hoped that the militiamen, especially the Irish militiamen, wouldnot be senthomewithout proper clothing, and that the claims of the surgeons would be considered. Tne surgeons were gentlemen who, being connected with,the militia in its disembodied state, would not avoid taking their share of risk in the time of danger, although it compelled them to abandon lucrative practice. It was his firm belief that the day was not distant when the country would again require their services and it was most important they should be dismissed with the feeling that, -when the time did arrive, their services would be properly requited. (H[ear, hear.) Mr. PEEL said, he did not find it easy to explain why gratuity should be given to one class of officers and not to another. He admitted that the more liberal the course pursued by the Government now, the more promptly would the ranksuof the miitia be recruited on a fmta occasion. But he did notihink the Governament ought _t lool- solely to the consideration of populuit, (Hr hear.) He quite concred thxttbe anner nu kich the' militia officers and men had done their duty was admirable6 and-that the duties performedi by then -were of the greats .- advantage to the country. (Iear, hea.) Bat the Govern; ment were bound to consider-whethertheconditions- n which nilitia engagements weretaken jusiiea all r Pnks at tfhat service in entertaining thne idea of g'eneral compes tion upon their disembodimenat. .As* pl' ena ent sa it. was not intended that they should Undertake the recruiting business of the country in the plac of those noncom_ missioned officers and men who wth that object were n-o detached from each line regiment., i ut th&t they shoT& iform the nucleus by which the militia might be Eofficered and organized, whenever it might be necessar- , re-embody it; and, asto placing the surgeons aud_aszt.b _ I eons upon the permanent staff, however desirable itna3gutbe to recognize their services the Governinent wouid not be justified in placing them or any officers in x position where there Was no progpect of sufiicient dutiea to occupy their time and to compensate the country: for the necessary expense- (He-ar, hear.) With regard tothe question why the same gratuity was not give, to the paymasters as to the surgeons and assistantsurgeons, he believed, when the hon. gentleman firstrmov,d, in the matter he expressed himself perfectly sxtisfied at hearing the paymasters would have the same gratuity as th3 subalterns. The paymasters, like the subalterns, were not men of fortune. It was but fair that some means should be. afforded them, when they retired from the service of the, Government, of starting in a new line of life, and, as he: had before stated, the paymasters woild have to continne for a considerable time in correspondence with the Government upon difficult questions arising out ofthe settlenment of the regimental accounts. A gratuity as great as the. subalterns would receive might fairly be given To tbhe nay Piasters, but he did not think- they vere entitled toso hi-h a sum as the surgeons and assistant-surgeons, becauEe the surgeons and assistant-surgeons, when they joined the' nilitia, abandoned the practice they had o1tained in their vanons localities, proceeded with their regiments to the Mediterranean and other parts, and, of course, when they, returned could not recover the practice they hadlost. Upolt that ground the Government had determined to make a more' liberal allowance to them than to the subalterns and paymasters, and he thought there was a great differencein the twvo cases. (Hear, hear.) He was asked. what was intended to be done for the privates and non-commissioned offieers. They would be paid to the' day of disenibodiment, and would receive at the same time' the balance of the bounty of the current year. [Colonel Gilpin.-` That is their ovn money."] The hon. gentleman, vwould recollect that if the militia were continued in an embodied state the balance of bounty would not be paid until: a much later period-perhaps not until thepelio of trami ing next year; therefore, although it was true they were, strictly entitled to the money, still the Government antici-- pated the period of payment. With regard to the clothing, that for the current year was issued in April last, and upoin the disembodinent of the regiments vould have to be returned into the Government charge, but the mnen would be allowed to take away with them the clothes vwhich went out of use on the last issue. [Colonel Gilpin.-"It istheir own.-' They would be allowed to take away a complete suit of clothing. [Colonel Gilpin.-" They have paidfor it,"l There was no analogy, he thought, between the officers ot the militia and the privates. A private received Is. a-day, and a subaltern os. or 6s. a-day, both being in the service of. the Government. But, when each sought independent employment, a private was more likely to obtain that employment at Is. a-day than the s.ubaltern at 5s. or 6s. There. was, also, no analogy between the privates of the militia, and those of the Foreign Legion. There had been a separate' convention for the Swiss, G-erman, and Italian Legions, but the terms of those conventions were identicaL The reason why the Foreign Legion were offered 12 months' pay ondisbandment and a passage to the colonies was because itwasthought that without such an offer the country would not b likely to obtain their services. The Governnentwere bound to consider how they could most expeditiouslyraise these regiments, and it was natural that men who wereleaving their countiy and brealing up their homes shouldi desire to go somewhere else veen tey-wre disbanded. He believed 'hat many soldiers i the Foreagn Legion would be disposed to avail ttemselves of the passage to the colonies. He considered that with the provision which the Government would make, and the period oF the year at which the militia would return to their homes, they would have' no difficulty in obtaining independent employment, andthat. there would be no ground for the apprehensions of the hon. member. Colonel GILPLN had never expressed any satisfaction at paymasters having the sanie compensation as sabalterns. Colonel BUCK said that the militia would return to their homes with the satisfaction of inowing that they had received the generous testhmony of the House of Comxnons to the independent and hononrable manner in which theyhad performed their duties. The UJnder-Secretary for Warsaid the militia would he paid up to the day when theywrould be sent home. That wams no great boon, for tlhey weresurely entitled to their wages; and the hon. gentlemnanneect not, there.ore, have made a merit of that. (Hear, hear.) It was true that the militia were entited to the clothing towhich the hon. gentleman had alluded; but what was the condition of that clothing? (Hear, hear.) He knew a case in which an Irish militia regiment had worn this clothing: for 15 months, and the men could not keepitontheir backs. Was this an inducement to others to adopt the' same service? (Hfear.) Hon. members who saw "Jerry`> at Ascot would see the sort of man, as to clothing, who would return with the thanks of Parliament to his home. (A laugh and cheers.) The noble lord would have dore better if he had placed more reliance on the militia. regiments, officered partly by volunteer officers-sometimes, better than regular oflicers, as olunteer soldiers were often. better than pressed solders-and less upon the foreign legions. The militia regiment which he had the honour to command had volunteered for foreign service. That offerhad not been accepted, the Government preferring to enlist, foreigners, some of whom were the scum of their respective' countries and the di-grace of the service. The result was, that his regiment had been called out to restrain these veryforeigners. (Hear.) lHr. WALPOLE would appeal to the Government on groundsof public policy to consider whether somethinzoughtnotto be done for the militia? (Hear.) Itvwasdoubtful whether those regiments which had been sent abroad could be diEembodied much before the autumn. They would therefore come home at a time of the year wlhen employment was scarce. (Hear.) The Government ought to consider that these men were those upon -whom they must rely forhaving a body of men always at command as a nurserv for the army, and for the protection of the country. (ear.) He shouldsayto theGovernment, "I)on'tdoanythingtodisappoint them." (Hear. ) If they had a notion that they would not be treated so well as the men of the Foreign Legion it twould throw a great damper uponthem. He thought that, upon high grounds of public policy, the Government would have the sanction of the country in maaking some gratuity to these men (hear, hear), who, it was admitted,had served theircountry with great fidelity and zeal, and upon whom theGovernment might have to rely on some future occasion.. (Hear.) Colonel PATTENT believed it would add to the efficiency of the militia force if some little advance were given to the soldiers when they came to be disembodied. (lHear.) They had in one way or another got rid of most of their privateclothing, and they would have nothing in which to return to their homes but their u ndress clothing, including their shell jackets, -which were their own property andwhich they twere entitled to talke away with them. He would suggest that the Government should authorize colonels of militia regiments to make small advances to the privates on disembodiment, upon condition that they should leave their shell jackets in store. The men would receive this as a booii, and. it would be a great advantage to have slop clothing ready for the neat tune the regiments were calle out. Colonel NORTH thought the militia ought, before now, tohave received infoxmation as to the terms upon which they wereto be disembodied. Hereminded the House thatthe men had paid for their fatigue clothing, and it was as niuch theirproperty as the coat upon his back was his property. W-ith regard to the captains, they were not all of them at present, as formerly, gentlemen of property, and they had given a great deal of their time to the purpose of rendering the regiments efficient and teaching the soldiers to take care of their arms and their clothes, for which they would receive no remuneration; indeed, every captain who had properly performed his duty would probably retire with a loss of about 501. He thought it wvas not fair that a senior subaltern who had a fortnight ago been gazetted as captain should sacrifice the six months' pay which, as subaltern, bewould have received. Some remuneration ouglht to be given to these officers for their services. Lord PBALERSTON.-I caunot allow this conversati- n to end without assuring the House that no men can bemore sensible than Her Majesty's Government of thi extreme value of this militia force. We quite agree vwi h what fell from my right hon. friend (Mr. Waljpole) that, with reference to the security of the country on all occasions of emergency, the militia force is most valuable, and. nothing can be further from our intentions or wishes than that anything should now be done which would indispo3e either officers or men from pursuing at future periods the same honourable course that they have lately purmed in comingforwardrintlie most gallantandhandsomc mannerposs;ble, sacrificing all private considerations for the service ol the country. With regard to the probable date of the return. of the regiments from the Mediterranean, Ihave to state that arrangements have been made which will I hope, secure. their return long before the period anticipated by my righthon. fricnd-certainly by the early part of July, before th3 harvest. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the foreign levies I think there is a material distinction betweenthe condition of a nmiitiaman and that of a foreigner in those levies. A militiaman is brought back to his own country. his own home *'he fallsback into his ordinarypursuits and his regularlabonr. The foreigner, on the otherliand, has been taken alto,gether from his own countr, andis, when discharged, in a much more helpless condition. When, therefore, theoffer w;as made to Germans, Swiss, and Italians to enter ourrervice, andto be employed in the Crimea or wherever the scat of war might be, it was naturally necessaryto bold out to them some inducement beyond their mere pay during the time of their employment. But let it not be supposed that the reason why foreigners were engaged was, as an hon. and gallant gentleman has stated, a distrust of British subjects. The reason was simply this .-We had no conscription, we did not throw acastingnet over the population, and compel as many as we wanted .to come into the ranks. (Hear, hear.) Our army and our nilitia, I am happy to say, were raised by voluntary enlistment, and as that is a slower, although an infinitely better, process than conscription, and we wanted an immediate-augmentation of our force, we had recourse to the forma-tion-of a foreign corps. ({Hear, hear.) - Mr. J. O'CONNELL said, the noble lord had made no, answer to the suggestion that some gratuity should be given to the privates of the militia. He thought it would be ex- -- -- - - -M Order and stand up for the rights of his country (hear, hear)-that greatly gifted man, who brings to whatever he toclbe3 not only maturity of judgment and the wisdom of ,ge, but a vigourand elasticity of mind which the youngest alzong us may envy. Of course, I allude to l Lor Lyndhurst. In conclusion, I will only add, that, in, g-iong a general suppora to this bill, I do so " with no in-i! tention of dissociating thepiesent from thepast ;" nor do I, - - tousethe words of the commiissioners, "recommend change3 except for the purpose of removing positive evils." Withi respect to the feelings with which I regard the Univerity_ of Cambridge, I cannot express them more felicitosly or more zccurately than by adopting the closing sentences of the commission_ers' report "What above aU other things gives us hope for the futureagood of Camridge is tho raanly, free, and truthloving character of her sons, springing in part, at least, from h er collegziate system, the character of her studies, and r the uprightness of ber adminstration, producing in return confidence and goodwill on the part of those conmmitted to. her care. In alli her members she believes that she pos- - sesses a body of men who, strong in their historical remembrances, cling to whal, is truly good, would seek for no neediless change, and would admit of no change which had not the fair promise of scientifie, moral, and religious benefit." (Cheers.) lr. POLLARD-UEQUHART observed that, befora undertaking to legislate on this subject, it would be well for the House to determine a question in which the country feltrmuchinterest-namely, whether our universities should be places of training for men who meant to devote their lives to science and literature, or whether they should be schools in which men should be educated for the stiing pursuits of every-day life. A combination of both purposes would meet most satisfactorily the -views of the country. A little more of practical education and raher less of erudition would be an improvement. Science and literature should still be cherished in the universities, but care should also be taken that in those institutionsmenweredulyqualfiedfortheactivedutiesof chur-hand State. Many young men who were by no means unambitious or destitute of application were prevented from turnintheir attention to the course of university studies because they thought them too severe, and did not wish to take only second-rate honours. To obtain any reform in this respect it would be necessary to make the constitution of the university less " donnish"-to take the government, to some extent, out of the hInds of those who were resident at the university; and in this respect the bill was, in his opinion entitled to support. It might, however, have gone further. He desired to see the council elected almost entirely by the senate, and reminded the House that the electoral body, as now constituted, did not include such men. as Airey, Macaulay, Herschel, or Babbage, and many others who were distinguished alike for scientific acquirements and for success in active life. Many of the alterations which he wished to see introduced into the bill would be effected by the amendments of which notice had been given by the hon. member for North Lancashire (Ir. J. Heywood.) These he should support, and he hoped that at least some of them would be assented to by the hon. member for Kilmarnock (Mr. Bouverie.) Mr. J. HEYWOOD thought that the Honse ought not to go into committee upon this bill without considering the applcation of the 185,000. which the hon. member for Eilmarnock had, on the authority of 'the commissioners, stated to be the total amount of the incomes of the various colleges at Cambridge. Originally these collegeswere devoted to professions. Large sums of money were given by Rwoman Catholic founders that their souls might be prayed for, and for the maintenance of the students who then remuained at college for 19 years in order to obtain the degree of doctor of divinity; and the colleges were strictly colgia teoloortas. At present the colleges at Cambridge were not dedicated to professions. In the year 1603 there was published an interpretation of the old statutes, by which it was provided that no one need reside after taking the degree of bachelor of nrts. This gave thedeath-blow to professional studies. Very few persons now remained at college after taking the degree of bachelor of arts unless they wished to be tutors or to hold office. The ancient system was broken down; but, in his opinion, there ought to be a more complete alteration of the ancient constitution than was provided for by this bill, which he could only accept as an instalment of what was needed Another great principlo which he wished to see established at Cambridge was, that the ordination of fellows should be, perfectly voluntary. The experience of the Oxford Act was not favourable to hasty legislation. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry to see that the commission tobe appointed by the- b was headed bya; couple of bishops. That was certainly to be regrotted, for one of the great reasons why there had been so much larger an amount of freedom at Cambridge than at Oxford was, that it had never been subject to episcopal domination. The university had been exempted from the visitation of the Bishop of Ely by the Pope about the 12th or 13th century, and when Archbishop Laud wished to vsit it the feelin against his proposition was so strong in the university, which then happened tobe full of Puitans, thathe was obliged to give it up. The.hon. member for Xiimarnock -was wrong in saying that colleges were places into which Dissenters could not be admitted, because the fact was that they were admitted. There was nothing to hinder Dissenters being educated at Cambridge; he himself had been educated there; and the establishment, therefore, of private halls was not so great a boon to the cause of religious liberty ns the hon. gentleman w, ould make out. In the old times colleges were certainly private institutions, but in the reign of Elizabeth they became more closely connected with the university. The charter by which the university returned two members to Parliament, granted by James I., expressly stated that the university consisted of the colleges-the word in the original was cos2Stat,-so that the two hon. gentlemen opposite were members for the colleges of Cambridge ns well as for the university. It was most unreasonable, therefore, to say that, though Dissenters were to take secular degrees, they should not be admitted into the senate, for the senate was the constituency of the university, and Dissenting graduates would thus be disfranchised. That clause in the bil by which the statutes of Elizabeth were to come to an end in 1860 was a most valuable one. He did not think, however, that the university ought to be left to make whatever alterations were necessary alone. Parliament ought to have the power of discussing and revising them, and it was his intention to move that the statutes, as altered by the university, should not have the force of law until four months had elapsed, fron the time of their being laid before Parliament; instead of 40 days. In questions of religious Lberty these monastic establishments ought to be viewed with great jealousy, though he was Tquite willig to bear his testimony to the feeling of liberality andhonour with which Dissenting students were treated by the univ-ersity. He saw no difficulty whatever in Dissenters being educated at the university if the statutes of the colleges were only put on a more liberal footing. Mr. J. G. PHILIJMORE said, the great fallacy vhich hed run through the debates on this bill and on the OxKford University Bill, was the attempt to institute an analogy between English and foreign universities. Men stayed many years in German univtrslties, looldng to the means by which to make a great 'and European reputation, and not turning their attention at all to the affairs of the country. But in England it was just the contrary, because the great majority of men went to the English universities with the view of becoming statesmen or lawyers. Was it not, then, most important that, during the few years while they could call their time their own, they should be storing their minds with that knowledge which hereafter would be of the greatest possible advantage ? (Hear, hear.) In Germany men mielht, in the course of 10 or 12 years, go over the same writeis again and again, but in England, if they did not acquire the tastes and habits for consecrating their minds to particular subjects while at the universities, the attempt would afterwards be vain. (Hear.) Nothingw as more to be deprecated than turning the universities fronx their original purpose. What was wanted was, that they should lay the solid foundation of classical and mathematical knovledge, rather than develope the premature and precocious reputation which left nothing to fall back upon when great qualities and talents werc required for the public service. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the comparative number of distinguished men brought up at the universities, he thought the test extremely fallacious. He did not mearn to say a word against the Reform Bill, ba the inevitable result of it was to throw open the avenues of that house to a class of people who were not brought up at the universities, and to malke it more difficult for those 'who were brought up at the universities to find their way there. The activity, opulence, and enterprise of commerce, and the absence of patronage, had prevented young mer - regarding that H'use in the light of a certain profession. 3lany of them looked to other quarters for advancement, .nin if thev entered Parliament, entered it at a very late period of life. But if he were ask-ed whether he thought the universities hadnot degenerated,hethoughttlheyhad. (Hear.) The system of cramming was fatal to men's understandings. The violent exertions of a. few years inspired disgust vith study, andadisposition to-considertheknowledgeacquiredat auniversity alltheknowledge that was necessary; whereas it was of very little importance comparedwith the acouisition of a taste for literature, which should be the effect of a university education. (Hear.). He asked any one of refinement or taste whether ho thought the 'writers of this century could be compared with the writers of Queen Anne's time? Talk of the genius of The 'ines, as there anything in The imes at all to-be compared with Addison's papers intho Scpictatorl Did they thinlk writers for The 2'ini.s could write day after day such papers as were written week after week by AAdison, or that the political writings of the age were equal to. the political writings of Swift and, Steele? (Hear, hear.) Hi, hon. fiend baddwelt upon the advantages of mathemaics in regard to the strength it gave, to the reasening poweres but he tkought that, carried to ex. cess, it wz& aptto blunt the senses for moral reasoning. He concnured:in the wish. that Cantrndge would borrow v.. Ettle of the Oxford chbssics, remembering that Gibbon ha&' said he f2rtunately left off tUe st3dy of mathematics befora. he had pursued it long enough to lose the power of giuigdue weight to reaeoning oa moral subjects. In one rerasrl, of thebon. gent)emn7 (Mr. Walpole) he entirely agreel3 and,. he should give every support in his powrer to pre evgtbae inteations of the feunders. (Hea.) Nothing could lie,more unjust or uneasoniable than to aCcept a lift and raject thl. ccnditions with wNich it was accompanied. B3 sw.eeVpi way the caniitions annexed he thought they wvcld&be dry-- mgtip the sources ef educational gifts, anda, ir., his opinion, nothing w e toucing than to see aman.wi,a riseu, fromhmble life, making bequessts to a coi e for the ad- 'vanta7g of a particular school, that others rkt, be raisedbythe samne means which had enabled him t rase himself. (Cheers.): Mr. WIGRAM saia, they might pu.rsue the subjccet3 touched upon by the hon. and learnied gentleman to great .length, and with considerable intoest, but he hope( thi3 ;House would procieed in committee, that they might make some progress with the bill. (Rear, hear.) The motion was then agred to, and the Houso wolnt iltot committee. Upon Clause 1, Sir W.HE wiTHCOTE suggested that tphe Goverfment sbould omIeA, w suggote in that the Gloernm. fiye
HIS ROYA L HIGHNESS THE PRINCE FREDERICK WILLIAM OF PRUSSIA. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prussia held a Diplomatic levee yesterday afternoon at Prussia. house, the residence of the Prussian Legation on Carltonhouse-terrace. His Royal Highness arrived from Bucldniham Palace, attended by the membes of his suite, in two of the Queen's dress carriages, shortly before 3 o'clock, and was received at the entrance of the Legation by his Excelency the Prussian 3iinister and the Couutess Bernstoff. The following members of the Corps Diplomatique paid their respects to the illustrious Prince His Excellency the Count Persigny, Ambassador of France. His Excellency 3. Musurus, Ambassador of the Ottoman Porte. His Excellency M. Van de Weyer, Belgian Minister, and the Secretary of the Legation, M. Solvyns. His Excellency Baron de Cetto, Bavarian :Minister. His Excellency the Marquis d'Azeglio, Sardinian Minister, and the Secretary of the Legation, Count Louis Corti. His Excellency the ,Count Rielmansegge, Hanoverian Minister. His Excellency the Baron Bentinck, Minister for the Netherlands, and the Secretary of the Legation, Chevalier Heldeveis. His Excellency the Count Lavradio, Portuguese Minister His Excellency AL Tricoupi, Greek Minister, and the Secretary of Legation, M. Charles Tricoupi. His Excellency the Prince Carini, Sicilian Minister, and the Secretary of the B.egation. His Excellency General d'Oxholme, Danish Minister, and the Secretary of the legation, Count Reventlowz Crimninil. His Excellency Baron de Hochschild, Swedish and Norveoian Minister, and the Secretary of the Legation, Baron Charles Hochschild. His Excellency M. de Moreira, Brazilian Minister, and the Secretary and Atthches of the ILegation. His Escellency MIr. Dallas, American tMinister. His Excellency the Count D'Appony, Austrian Minister, and the Secretary of the legation, Count Chotek. His Excelley Count Vitzthum, Saxon Minister. His Excellency the Mtinister for the Hanse Towss. The Spanish Charge d'Affaires, IL Comyn, &c. His Royal Highness returned to Buckingham Palace at 5 o'clock.
Tinn NEw BALL AND CONCERT ROOM AT Bucn11Au PALAGc.-The new State rooms on the south side of Buckingham Palace, now completed, were constructed by the late Mr. Thomas Cubitt from the designs and under the superintendence of Mrz. James Pennethorne, architect. They include a ball and concert-room, a large supper-room, and a promen.ade gallery, with ante-room and approaches. The sculptures which adorn them are the work of Mr. W, Theed, and the decorations have been can-led out under the direction of MWr. Lewis Cruner, in conjunction with the architect. The character of the decorations is that known as Cinque-cento,---the style which prevailed in Italy, contradictory as it sounds, in the 16th century. The ball and concert-room is a very fine rectangular apartment, 110 feet long, without the two recesses at the east and west ends, 60 feet wide, a.nd 45 feet high; including the recesses, the length iS 135 feet. At the end towards the wvest a hold arch, supported by Corinthian columns, and surmounted by emblematical figures of Fame holding a medaDlion, upon which are the profiles of the Queen and Prince, rises above HerMajesty's seat. The lunette formed by this arch will ultimately be filled with a copy from Raffaelle's Parnassus; it is at present decorated with an allegorical composition, representing " Britannia sanctioning Peace," exemplified by children with branches of olive, w hile a rising lion indicates the watchfulness and the strength of the nation. At the opposite end another arch, hut without enrichments, confines a similar recess, containing the orchestra and a richly, but not very successfully, decorated organ. At the foot of this and along the two sides of the room a triple row of seats, covered with red silk-, and having a passage way behind, extends, which seats, with the other furniture of the apartments, were furnished by Messrs. Johnstone and Jeanes. The roof of the ballroom rests on a wide cove enriched with stuccoes; double beams of considerable projection running parallel and transverse divide the whole roof into 21 compartments, each of which is shaped into a deep octagonal recess, from which descends a glass hurnerfor gas. The lustres are the work of Messrs. Osler, of Birminghams. Ten candelabra of gilt bronze, which are placed at the two sides of the seats of Her Majesty and the Royal family, and at the sides of each of the doors and mirrors, as also the two lustres in the recess on the west end, have been executed by Messrs. Barbedienne aud Co. Each of these candelahra supports 43 wax candles. The'floor is formed in solid parquetry, of wainscot, satinwood, andI mahogany. The seats, we should mention, are not fixtures; so that, in the event of using the apartment as a banquet-| ing-hall, they c-an ho taken away, leaving only the raised footway next the wall, to serve as a sideboard for the service. AUl the stucco enrichments are beautifullydrawn, and,with the general arrangement, reflect the greatest credit on MIr. Pennethorne.--BuVfdcr. BRISTOL SUGAR\-MARKE;T,: M/ay 30.-A fair amolunt of business has been tr.ansacted this week and since our last in pan and scale sugar, and much more would have been done in the latter had not the high prices ask;ed by importers prevented it. The market closes very firmly, but the trade hesitate to go into steck at present rates, although there is no reason to expert a decline. Sugar is now selling in the shops, retail, at less than the wvholesale market price.
LOST, a DOUBL-E:CASED GOLD WATCH, with Centre secouds, " Ritci, Edinburgh, No. 50," sitnai Gold- Seal With crest, and snail Gold Key. Whoever will bring the same to mr. Thomson. watchmaker. 25. New Bond-treet, v.ll receive SE-VEN GIUINEAS REWARD.-Mlay 3D0.1856. 1,TATE of ALABAMA SIX per CENT. BONDS.- KY The INTEREST due on the *bove BONDS On the 1st da of June will be PAID at the Union Bank of London. The Cou,ons to be left two clear days previou y for examination. Lists for the Coupons may be had or,j .pplc3aton at tho Union Bauk of London, 2, Princes-treet. -May 21,156. TELLINGTON COLLEGE: founded in honour W of the Memory of the Great Duke, for the Education of Orphan Sons of Offeers of the Army. Her To-tC Mrdu alaesty the QUXEEN baa extremed Her Royal pleasure to LAbY the FIR3T STONEi of the WELLINGTON COLLEGE on Mtonday. the 2d June next, at blf-past I O'clock p.n, After the ceremony Her Majesty wlldreviewron the ground the troop' from Aldershoti, with twvo batteries of Field Artillery, end the Grenadier Guards (the late Duke's rLegiment), the wvhole under the command of H. Rt. H. the Dtke of Cambriuge. A limited number of reserved seats will be erected for persons toview the CeremnOny by tickets of admission, at one guinea each, and ticket holders, and no others, wil also be admitted to the Queen's Terrace t j see the review. Tickete may be obtained of the Secretary to the College, Geonr Chance. EF.a, Treasury, WhitebAl: and at the Royal libraries, r blitchell's, Old Bond-street, and Mlr. Sas, St. James's-sreet. Speciat tra3ins on the morning of the 2d of June wr'n ron from th3 W{aterloo-bridtge station of the South-Westernu Railvway, and from th u L onden-bridge and Bric1slayeris' Armst stations of the South-Eastern Beltway to a temporary EtatiOn about two mfles from Sandlsust, and a quarter of a mile from the site of the builing. aoveances. at a moderate charge, from the tempos-ary station to thesite (about a quarter of a mile) will await the arrival of the trains CHANGE of PIECES.-LOVE's LUCU`BRA- J TIONS-New Mutativo Costumes-New Appointments-Novel Effets-Eccentric Patchksetue Polka, and Original Music, composed by Van Noorden-Ventriloquism Extraordinary. &c. Every eve.inutatS texcept Saturday) : Saturday at 3. PIano. Miss Julia Was-man, dialLs lS.; area, 2s.; gallery, Is. Tick-eta at Mitchell's Royal library, 33, Old Bond-street; and at the box-ohice, Regent-gaUery, 69, Quadr3nt, Regent-street. Saturdayat3. Lovein aiShapes,.uithl ove'sLabour Lost, a Zoological Concert, &c. MR. AV. S. WOODIN's OLIO of ODDITIES TO- a NIGHT. and every evening. at$. A aMorningPerformnce o Saturday at 2. Box-office open from 11 tiUl 5. Private boxes, one guinea: staUl3, 3I-: area, 2s.: amphitheatre,Is The aboveEntertainment has received novel additions, vocal and visual, includng a noco-JokeMotive Lyric, entitied *'Off by the Train," illustrated by numerous change%, facial, lingual, and rortoreaL-PolygraphieElI King Wiliam-street. Charing-cross. or, W. S. Woodin as hrs. Ftorence in the "Yankee Gal," with the songs ot "Bobbing Around" and "Folly won't you try me, oh !" pEOPLE of the EAST.-Pictorisl Tour of Europe.- L GREAT GLOBE, Leicester-sq.-Extensive Additionu.-TheATms, Dresses, and Ethnological Illustrations of the Manners and Customs of the East. The Dioramic and Pictorial Tour of Enraoe. from England to the Crimea and back: the Model of the Earth; the Siege of Sevastopol, Cronstadt, the Baltic, and Sweaborg. With illustrative Lectures. Open from l0a.m. to 10 p.m. Admission Is.: children and schools half-pnce. JER 3IAJESTY's THEATRE. -Albortini, MuPaucarde, AlbonL-On Monday next. June 2 (a Subseription Night, in lieu of Tuezday, August 12) will be produced (tinst time at this theatre) Verdi's opera IL TROVATORE. Leonora, Madame AlbertAni (her first appearance): Azucena, Madame Alboni;, Maurice, Signor Baucarde this first appearance): Forrando, Signor Bouche; and II Conste di Luna. Signor Beneventano. Concluding with a favourite Ballet: by Madame Bellon, Mddlles. RKatrine, Rosa, Lisereux, C,lara , Pierron , and M. Vandri. Mdlle. Pfccolounini.-Grand Extra Night.-Thurslay. June 5, will he repeated Verdi's opera. La Traviata. Violetta, MIlls. ccolomlni; Alfredo, Signor C:lcoari . and Germont Gioreo, Signor Beneventano, To conclude with a New Balet, in v hich MilDe. Taglioni w,ill appear. Applications forboxes, atalls,±and t-SeLtst to ho made *at the box-o£tice ofw the theatre, Colonnade, Hay TYCEUM TEEATRE.-Fiirst Appearastce of Mhadame Ristori and the Italian Dramatic Company.- On Wednesday next, June 4. wil be performed (for the first time in England) a new tragedy, entitled 3MEDEA (translated into Italian by J. Montanelli. from the French of E. Legouvel. Afedea, Madame Ristori ; Creusa, MdUlle. Picchiottino; Nutrice di Creusa, IMdle. Felizliamu; Una Giovinetta, Mlde. Rapazzini: Licaone and Melanto, Mdlle. A. Gleek and Mldile. E. Gleck (figli di Giasone o di Medea); Creonte, Signor Tessero; Orfeo, Signor Boccomini; Giasone. Signor Gleck- Capo-porolo, Signor romatelL Doors open at S. The tragedy will commence at half-past 8, and terminate about 11. Boxes and stalls maybe secured on application to Mr. Parsons at the box-office of the theatre; and to the principal librarians aud miisiesellers LYCEUM THEATRE ROYAL.-Mr. CHAS. DILLON respectfuly informs the nobility, gentry, and pubbc generaly that he has become the lessee of the abovo elegant establish ment,w vchwillopen under hisgmanagement earlyin Septembernext. rmHEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.-GOth Night .L of English Opera.-THIS EVENING, the celebrated Amenican artiste,. Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Florence. wlUl appear in the laughable piece THE YANKEE HOUSEKEEPER, wvhich has been performed upwards of 30 nights, and received with the most enthusiastio applause, in which Mrs.W. J. Florence wiUl sing the wonderfuly attractive songs, " Bobbing around" and " Foly, won't you try me, oh 9'' After which, Walace's favourite opera, MARITANA, Lucy Escott. Miss Dyer, Air. Dnrand, Mr. Courtai4e. and Mr. Eliot Galer. To conclude with THE YOIN.G ACTRESS, in which Mrs. Florence will sing the nevwsong, " Riddle-cum-dinkey-doo." THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-THIS TEVENING, SHIE STOOPS TO CONQUER. After which, tho renowned Spanish dancer, Peres Nenas with Manuel 'erez. and a com plete Company of Spanish Coryphees, in the brilliant balet of ELGA .U 0O. W-ith the nowv and -'reatlysnccessful farce of THET RIGHTS AN-D WRONGS OF WOMVN in which Mr. Bitckstone anid Miss Talbot will appear. Concluding with FISH OUT OF WATER. On Monday next, 64th night of The Evil Genius; with the Sranish Dancers: and The Postman's Knock. DOYAL PRIlNCESS's THEATRE. - THIS EVE'TING will be presented Shakapeare's play of TEIE WINTE'S TALE. Leontes. by Mr C. enn 'Hermione, by Mrs 0. Kean. Preceded by THE VICTOR V;NYQUI^iAHED. rPHEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Novelty and L Uniquo Atttacion.-Paul Pry for this night ouly; with Good Night. Sig. Pantalon: A Bottle of Smoke (a great success).-THIS EVEN=ING, PAUJ,PRY: by Mr.Wright- Eliza, Miss a Keeley, with the original song of " Cherry Ripe ;" 'hebe, Mfiss Kate Klly. After which. A BOtTTLE OF SMfOKE: by Mr. Wright and Mfiss Wyndlism. And GOOD NIGEIT, SIG. PAN,TAON: Messrs. P. Bedford, J. Bland, Mixsses M.L Keeley and Kate EKelly. Wednesday next, Revival (for that night only) of The Flying Dutchman, for Mdadamc Celeste's Benefit. Like and Unlike wFill be repeated on the return of hir. B. Webster from the Continent. 1)OYAL ADELPHI THEATRE.-Revjval of The S FiinDuchan-Madame CELESTE's ANNUALBENEFIT, Wednesday nest June 4 (on .which occasion she will sustain Vander. decken in The Flying Dutchmian. Miami in The Green Bushes, and Hfarlequin in Jack and The Bean Stalk). whenlwill be revived the celebrated Adelphi drama of THE FLYING DUTCHMAN (with supernatural offerts and new scenery). Supported by Messrs. B. Webster, WYrigliiP. Bedford, Selby. Bland; Madame Celeste. Mfisses M. Keeley, Celly. C;c. With (by desire) Second Act of THE GREEN BUSHES: iuy Messrs. Wright, Paul Bedford, and Madame Celeste. To conclude with the comic pantomime (as performed by command before Her Majesty and the Royal Family) of JACK AND THE BEAN STAKIC. Harlequin, Madame Celeste; Columbine, Miss Wyndham. Boxes, .stalls, and tickete to be had at the theatre. SADLER's-WELLS.-Enelish Opera.-Last Nirht, and Last Appearance of Mr. ims Reeves, TIHIS EVEiNlNG. -Bytmiversal desire, LA SONNAMBULA. l:lvino hir. SimsReeves; Count Rodolpho. M'r. Weiss : Amnina, Mrs.Sim;s Reeves. After which THE WYATERMAN. Tom Tng, hir. Sims R>eeves (wvho will Introduce his celebrated song "The Bay of Biscay"). Boxes, 3s. and 4s. pit, 2s.; g2allery, 1s. Half-price to boxes only at 9 o'clock. Pri'-ate boxes and places to bo had at the Theatre daily, from 11 till 3. N ATIONAL STDARD THEATRE. -The s s Greatest Hit ever made in the East.-Euthusiastic Reception of Professor Anderson. the Great Wizaid of the No,rth-MAGIC aud MYSTERY EVERY EvENING, on the same scale of splendour as it wras produced at the Treatres Royal, Covent-garden and Lyceum. Doors open each evening at 7, commence at half-past. For prices see email bills. La consequence of the great rush it is imPortant to secure seats beforehand. Box-office open daily from fl to 4. HER MAJESTYS THEATRE MdUe. Piccololini. THIS EVENING (Saturday. May 311 will be repeated Verdi's higbly sucosesfulo ora, LATRAVIATA. Violectta,Mdlie.Piccolomini Alfredo, Signer Calrolari; Barone Dauphol, Signor Vairo- Dottore Grenvil. Signor BaiUoa' and Germont ;ins-gb, Signor P ineveutano. To conclude with the balUet divertissement, BiES SQUATRE: SAISONS: MadameAlbertllellon, MdUes. Katrne, L,iserdux, Borchetti, Pierron, and MI.Vandris. Applications for boxes, stalls, and tickets to be made at the box-office of the theatre. Colonnade, Haymxas-ket. ROYAL ITALIAN OPER4 ,LYCEUML rHIS EVENING (Saturdav, MIay 31) wil be performed Verdi's favouite opera, wIGcLETTO. Gilds, Madame Bo;io, Madalena Mdllie, Didiieo; Rigoletto, Signor Bonconi: 8parafudile, Signor Taglafico: bIamUoi, Signer Gregorio: BePrm. Signor Soldi;* Caprano, Signor Mei; Monteron, Signor Polonlni; and lIDuca, Signor Mario. Conductor-MIr. Costa. Commence at S The box-offlce is open from 10 till . 5._ _ __ _ _ _ __ _ _ DRIYRY-LI4hE.-ENGIJSHt OPERA. THIS EVENING, THEU YaNEE OUSEBEEPEtR. After which, Wallace's opera, a hARITANA. Lucy Escott, Mtiss Dyer; Mr. Elliot Galer, MIr. Dumaud. Mr. Cour- taione, &c. TOonclude with TISH YOUTG ACTRERS. TOEATRE ROYAI H AYMARRET. Under the Management of Ur. BCckstone. THIS EVENING, SffE STOOPS TO CONQU1ER. Mressrs. Chippendale, Cormptoni Mtiss Swvauborough, E;. Fitcwilliam, &c, After which, Perea Nena and the SPanish DanIerer THE RIGHtTS AND WRONGS OF WOTAN. Concluding with FISHf OUT OF WATER. ROYAI, PRIN'CESS'S TEtEATRE. Under the MIanagemnent of MIr. Charles Kean. THItS EVENING Will be presentedTHEtt VICTOR VANQUISHED. After which, Shakspearo's play of THE WINTER'S TALE. Eeontes, by Mr. 0. Kean; Hermione. by Mrs. C. Kean. THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHT. Proprletor, Mr. B. Webster; Directress, Maaame Ceste. THIS EVENING, PAUL PRY . by Messrs. Wriglit, Selby, Parees, J. Bland;: Misses M. Keeley, I. Murray, and Kate E;elly. With A BOTTLDE OF SMOKE : by MAr. Wright and Miss Wyndham. And GOOD NIGHT, SIG. PANTALON. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. Lessee, Mr. Alfred Wigan. THIS EVENING, THE TRAGEDY QUEEN: Mrs. Stirlinr Mr. Emery. RETRIBUTION: Mdessr A. W igan. Emery, G. Vinmg Miss Herbert, and Miss Marston. STAY AT HOME: hessrs. ECry, G. Vining; Mrs. Stirling, and biss Ternan. Commence tt I past 7. SADLER'S-WELLS.-ENGLISH OPERA. Las Niht,andLas ApearnceofMr. Sims Reoves. THI EVNIG (y nivrsa dsir),LA SONNA.TEUA.~ ioMr.Sims Reeves: Conot Rodolh.Mre.; Weiss: AiurcIa Mrs Sims Rcves. After which, THtE WATERMTANn. Tom Tug, Mr. Sims Beeves (who will introduce h s celebrated " ay of ROYA. SURREY TTRE Lessees, Messrs. Shepherd and Creswiclr. THIS EVENING. HiAMtLET. Hamzlet, Mir. Creswrick; Ghost, M1r Alfred Rayner: Laostea, MIr. C. A. Celsert Osrick, liss Emily Sanders; Queen, MRrs. Moreon Brookes: Ophelia, Miss Emma Alkincon. To conclude with BLACK-EYED SUSAN. William, Mr. Shepherd; Susan, Mtiss Emnma Atkinson. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHATRE. Lessee and MIanager, Mr. W. Cooke. THIS EVENING, the romantic spectacle, THE HORSE OF THE CAVERN: o, The Mounted Brigands of the AbruzzL Astounding instinct of the horse, trained by Mfr. W. Cooke. The Scenes in the Circle. Concluding with THE FESTI'VAL OF PEACE; or, Honour to thc Brave. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of VTie Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the imi,)ressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Tiues is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an irnpressed stamp. We caunot undertake to return rejected communications. j9Thc publication of TIIE TDoS commenced at half-past 5 o'clock yesterday morning. and fLnished at 12.
LONDON, SATURDAY, MIAY 31,1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Bill went through committee. The LORD CA.NCEELLO, in moving the second reading of the Peers' Appellate Jurisdiction BiUl, stated the reasons why the measure is introduced, and described its provisions. The committee of mquiry appoiated after the long discussion of the Wensleydale Peerage had reported that it would not be desirable to transfer the jurisdiction of the House to any other tribunal; but that in the manner in which the judicial business of the House was conducted some improvement was required. Practically the Court of Appeal consisted only of the law lords; and, as there were no means of compellingtheir attendance, it happened that causes were heard by three, by two, or even by one, the Lord Chancellor alone. This had been found unsatisfactory, and it was proposed by the bill that the CRow-N should cail lo the House of Lords, as Peers for life, two Judges who had sat on the bench five years, to assist the Chancellor in hearing appeals. These Peers for life are to be called Deputy-Speakers, wvith salaries equal to those of the Judges of the courts of common law. The bill also enables sittings in appeal to be held during a prorogation. Other points which had also been matters of complaint were stated in the report of the committee, but, as they could be remedied by a simple order of the House, they had not been included in the bill; they referred to the cost of the proceedings, the costume of the Judges, and securing a quorumo of Peers or making a Rouse. These points are reserved for regulation apart from the measure. The Earl of Mmi.mrBsnury askled if the life Peers or Deputy-Speakers, in case of misconduct which would deprive them of their offices, would also be deprived of their right to sit and vote as Peers only; and also if the pensions to which they are to be entitled after 15 years' service were to be given after 15 years' service in the House, or did the term include the timne they might have sat as Judges ? Lord REDESDALE said, in the extremely improbable case of the Deputy-Speakers being guilty of gross misconduct, the Rouse could take those steps to deprive them of their seats for which there were precedents. As Judges they were liable to deprivation of their functions on addresses from both Houses of Parliament. The term of years entitling to the pension was inclusive of the time they might have presided in an inferior court. Earl Grsv, though he did not object to the appointment of the Deputy-Speakers, thouglht the office ought to have been given to ex-Chancellors. Though not stated in the report, that was the understanding of the committee. And he regretted the Government had departed from the recommendation that the salaries should be 6,000 a-year; the public would gain considerably by making up the pension and salary of an ex-ChanceUlor to that amount, instead of creating a new office with 5,0001. a-year. Re objected to the manner in which the question of peerages for life had been dealt with by this bill. In its decision on the Wensleydale Peerage the Rouse had assumed a power and authority which did not belong to it by the law and constitution of the country; the bill affirmed the propriety of that decision of the Rouse. The question of the expediency of creating new legal peerages minght be felt in other cases; and it ought to be settled how they are to be treated. Formerly the CROwN could, by means of lucrative sinecures, enrich those it elevated for political services; now it had not those means; and when a peerage for' distinguished naval or military achievements was created Parliament was called on to vote a pension; this was generally done for three lves only; so that an hereditary honour was conferred with a temporarv grant of money. This was a great inconvenience. Many men of great eminence and talent would refuse an hereditary peerage from prudential motives; and this frequently embarrassed a MIinister, and limited his choice informing a Cabinet. The question ought to have been dealt with on some distinct principle. Re also thought, as the bill restrained the prerogative of the CROwN, that they could not pass it without the previous assent of the SovnBEYrGX. Lord CQxPBELT. thoroughly approved the bill; he was glad it went as far as it did, and that it went no further. Tnstead of limiting the power of the CRowN, it extended it. The House, the proper tribunal, had decided that the CROWN had not the power of creating peereges for life with the right of sitting and voting with the Peers. This bill gave that power,ithsuitablelimitations,for adistinctpurpose, and did not debar the CROWN from exercising any prerogative it really possessed. The addition of life peerages proposed by the bill was absolutely essential to thepreservation of the appellate jurisdiction of the Rouse; beyond that he saw no necessity to extend the prmnciple. Earl FirzswiLrA. was surprised Lord CAirrPBELL should declare that a resolution of the House passed after one debate was the law of the land. The House of Commons in 1758 more than once declared the election of Mr. W ES for Middlesex iUegal; but that resolution was very properly rescinded. Neither had he ever expected to hear from Lord CAMrBE= that the Rouse could enlarge the Royal prerogative. He thought the House throughout the proceedings on the WVensleydale case had erected itself into a high court of judicature, to declare what was the power of the SOvEREIGN. Iu committee he should propose to insert words that would reserve the full rights of the C.ROwx. Lord CA4nPBrE explained that lie did not rely on a resolution of the House alone; by al authorities the Peers were considered the sole judges of the right to sit under the patent, and it must be supposed they did their duty honestly. Lord D&Nm%wT did not see how the bill would work. He thought if the lay Peers exerted themselves more actively, and gave their attention to legal matters, they could form such a court of appeal as the world never sawv. Earl GRANVmLE said there was some inconvenience in obtaining the assent of the CRowN previous to the introduction of the bill; it would be sufficient if one of the Ministers signified that assent on any future stage. After a few observations from Lord ST. LEoNAiDs the biU was read a second time. The National Gallery Bill was read a second tine. The Rouse then adjourned. In the House of Commons, on the motion that the House at its rising do adjourn until MIonday, Colonel GrrPiN caUed attention to the compensation proposed to be given to the Militia. His observations gave rise to a short conversation, in the course of which Mr. F. PEE explained the views and intentions of the Government; and Lord PAUNERSTON assured the Rouse that they were very sensible of the great value of the MIilitia force, but he drew a distinction between the condition of that force when disbanded and that of the ForeignLegionis, the men composing which could be induced to enter our service and leave their homes and country only by peculiar attractions. The motion for adjourmuent was agreed to. Mr. BOuVERtE, in moving that the Rouse resolve itself into a committee upon the Cambridge University Bil, explained the grounds upon which he brought forward the measure. A commission issued in 1852, and last year a bill had passed the House of Lords, whlich was brought down to this Rouse, but, in consequence of the lateness of the session, it had been ithdrawvn. The present bill was in many respects similar to that of last year. There could be no dispute, he observed, since the passing of the O.xford Act, as to the right of Parliament to interfere; the only question was as to the necessity of interference, and he proposed to show that such necessity existed. His main propo- sition was, that the Iniversity and colleges of Cambridge possessed vast revenues and resources to be devoted to a particular purposenamely, education, and that these revenues and resources were not turned to the best account. The amount of the revenue of the colleges was 185,0001., and the University income was 24,5091., making together 209,5001.; and -what, he asked, bad been the result of the use of these enormous appliances? As comparedwith the amount of education, it was ludicrously small. Takding as a test the number of degrees conferred by theI University annually, he sho-wed that it had not increased since 1832, notwithstanding that the population had augmented three or fourfold. The amount of education in the UIniversity was therefore nothing like what it ought to be; the institution was a machine which did not do the work it ought to do. Then, with respect to the nature and quality of the education, he contended that it did not confer those decided advantages which induced persons who could afford it to send their sons to Cambridge. He entered into details, from which he argued that in the three learned professions-theology, law, and medicine, the state of education in the University was eminently unsatisfactory, and that in those branches of science and learning which, though not immediately remninerative, were of the last import, mnce in a commercial country,its shortcomings could not be disputed. If the University had enjoyed free action, the blame of these deficiencies would rest with it; but he did not blame the University, which he admitted had made great efforts to remedy them; its powers were, however, restrained and controUled, not only by external but by internal causes, and therefore it required the assistance of Parliament to enable it to amend the existing state of things. The University was troubled, he said, with a most antiquated and confined constitution, the nature of which he explained, and then shortly detailed the changes proposed by the bill with reference to the University and the colleges. In regard to the former, it got rid of the Caput, and substituted a Council, endowed to a great extent with the chief functions of the University, and the power of amending its constitution and laws; and it authorized, as in the case of Oxford, the appointment of a Parliamentary commission. Mr. WAL?oLE complained of the disparagin, tone in which MIr. Bouvnrn had spoken of the University of Cambridge, at the same time that he had acknowledged the improvements introduced by its authorities. He adverted to some of these improvements and encouragements offered to students, and asked why it should not be left to the University to carry them on,-whether there was any reason to suppose that a bill of this description would be more likely to provide the means of a more extended education than the University herself. If the University had done all these things, although she had not freedom of action, he suggested to Mr. BouvERYE whether there were not clauses in the bill which would rather prevent and hinder than assist her. Dividing the bill into two parts, that relating to the University and that relating to the colleges, he stated the course he intended to pursue in committee in relation to the Council, private halls, the commission, and the relaxation of the restrictions on the conferring of degrees, and to the alterations proposed in the colleges. In conclusion, he pronounced a warm eulogium upon the high character of the University, enumerating the many distinguished men, living as well as dead, in every branch of science and learning-divines, lawyers, statesmen, philosophers, and poets-whom, educated by herself, she had given to the world. After some remarks by Mr. POLLArID-URQUHAMT, Mr. HEYWOOD, and DIfr. J. PxnlrioxE, the House went into committee upon the bill; but before all the clauses were agreedto the Chairmanwas ordered to report progress, to sit again. The Police (Counties and Boroughs) Bill was read a third time and passed. The West India Loans Bill and the Public Health Supplemental Bill passed through committee. The Poor Law Amendment (Scotland) Bill and the Small Debts Imprisonment Act Amendment (Scotland) Bill were read a second time. Other bills were advanced a stage, some being read a third time and passed. The remaining business having been disposed of, the House adjourned at 1 o'clock until Mlonday.
* It cannot be denied that France is a dangerous rival to other nations, whatever may be their speciality or the kind of success of which they boast. The eniinence of France is ack-nowledged, like that of TBmasTocmEs; each people may think itself the first, but each allows the second place to the highly-gifted race which dvwells across the Channel. Englishmen have long considered agriculture and its kindred pursuits their especial province; and] they no doubt still preserve a superiority too great to be easily assailed. But France is endowed with such vigour and facility of conception that in every pursuit to which it turns it soon is able to announce itself a candidate for the higghest place. "hile commerce and manufactures have recently received an impulse surprising to the old traditional trading nations Frenchmen have also entered the lists as growers of corn, feeders of oxen, and breeders of horses; and their success is sufficienfi to make the landowners and farmers of this I country look with attention to their doings. An international exhibition of agriculture is about to talke place at Paris. Five years since French agricultutrists visited the display in Hyde Park. An opinion then prevailed that England was exclusively a trading country, and had adopted free trade on account of the deficiencies of its own agriculture. Our neighbours were not prepared to find that in this country every improvement of machinery, every discovery of chymical science, was, if practicable, employed to increase the produce of the soil. They were astonished at the variety of our agricultural implements, the great yield of our land, the size and succulence of our sheep, oxen, and pigs. But they did no. see, wonder, and then go back, merely to resume their own ways. We are told that from that time the chief agricultural machinists of this country received constant orders from abroad, the most successful breeders found a good price for their finest specimens, the best farmers of oulr most productive districts had eager pupils on the subject of corn crops, green crops, manures, and draining. The consequence is, after five years, an exhibition in which all nations are invited to compete. Machines and specimens of grain wiU no doubt have their place, but the chief interest attaches to the cattle show, which will be made up of the finest animals which Europe can contribute. A cattle show in Baker-street is, no doubt, an attractive spectacle. London is full for those few days of December; healthy countenances and' stalwart forms are to be met with on every side; portraits of the more gigantic specimens appear in illustrated newspapers, and an inquiry whether he has seen the cattle show is what every one must expect on meeting a friend. But still it must be admitted that the spectacle and its concomitants have something which induces many to content themselves vwrith a single visit. Prizemen may linger rounid the objects which have brought them honour, and connoisseurs may pass happy hours in " handling' the finest productions of Devon or Hereford; buit the unconcerned and uninitiated are too painfuly sensible of certain unpleasanitnesses in the sight and atmosphere, which renrder a retreat not nuwelcome. The French, with their wonted taste, have obviated a part of these objections. Cattle, sheep, pigs, rabbits, and fowls are to be exhibited, but not in a close and insufficient space. The grand haU of the Palais d'Industrie, de-| voted last year to the finest productions of French manufacturing art, will in 1856 be tenanted by animals taken from all parts of Europe, and exhibited with some imitation of the rurality in which they were bred. The haU is turned into a garden; fresh green turf is laid down, intersected with gravel walks; trees of the finest growth are planted here and there; pines and magnolias refresh the eye; roses and rhododendrons, beds of brilliant flowers of every kind, gratify the visitors. Around are ranged stals, To be filled with aniuals from all parts of Europe. This country contributes Durhams, Herefords, Devons, and Eerrys; Germany, Italy, Belgium, Holland, and the North of Europe are fully represented. Al the various races of France will be present in tlleir finest specimens. The cattle of the Swiss valleys and the Tyrol will be there, with attendants in national eostumes. In fact, the whole will be in earnest I what our cattle-shows are inaptly called,-an agricultural flte. The exhibition will be opened to the public next week-, and prizes distributed to the competitors on the 12th of June. It would seem that the French are determined to rival us in the quality of their meat, as they already surpass us and the whole world in the skdll with which their cooks deal with it. Wlhen we consider what the Parisian makes out of his inferior and stringy substance, and in what a state our unskilful artists serve up the juicy produce of our markets, we are apt to think that two kinds of excellence are unhappily disunited. The progrem of civilization is about to put an end to this ano,mly,though not for the benefit of our own countr. We doubt much wyhether the culinary art in England will advance as rapidly as the agriculturalskill of our neighbours, and soon Paris may be able to boast a cmisine equalling the patriarchal dishes of England in material, and excelling them, as it has ever done, in the genius which is displayed in its transformation. This great elterprise of an international agricultural exhibition seems to have been undertaken in conseqience of the writings of more than one French agriculturist, who have made comparisons disparaging to the skill of their own country. men. The point chiefly dwelt upon is the contrast betwveen the two countries with respect to the raisiing of animals for food. The British islands, with their humid climate, are especially adapted for a grazing country, and consequently it is found that w-ith half the surface of France they produce more food for animals. England feeds in proportion to its size three times as many sheep as France, and the weight of an English sheep is twice as much as that of a French sheep. Similarly with oxen, our breeders have developed those species which give most meat, while French agriculturists have been intent on producing at the same time beasts fitted for labour. All these matters have engaged the attention of the Governmnent, which sees wvith regret that Fance, wvith a more genial climate and a more fruitful soil, is imable to supply its less dense population with the same facility as England. The EMrxrEo's advisers have adopted this plan of an exhibition, and seem likely to render it effective for its purpose. Every one will now be able to judge in what his neighbours' country is pre-eminent, and we think that even the English agriculturist may learn much from seeing the best productions of Northern and Southern Europe brought together on one spot. It is plain that we now have rivals in this branch of national industry as well as in every other, aid if our landlords and farmers wish to keep their old superiority, they would do well to follow the example which some noble agriculturists have set, and repair, in person or by proxy, to the HlaU of the Palais d'Industrie.
The organized agitation which has been going on some time all over the country on the subject of the NIaynooth Grant-an agitation the avowed object of -whicn is the support and carrying out of hlr. SPOoNmE's temporary victory on that question-appears to demand some further notice in connexion with the recent debate on the Irish Church. Anybody -who has passed through a town of any size in this coumtry for the last month will have seen placards on the walls and in the shop windows almouncing meetings on this subject, and calling upon all sincere Protestants to come forward and confirrm the late important victory. " Now-," it is said, " is the time to "strike, when the iron is hot, when a great adran"tage has been obtained, and can by prompt and "decisive action be converted into a permanent "and complete triumph. Now is the time to petition "the Legislature, to show the strength of Protes"tant feeling in the country, and to protest against "the pollution of the conscience of a Protestant "State by the support of a Popish seminary." Now, nobody can affect any surprise that such petitions as these should be largely signed in this country. There are crowds of innocent people everywhere who cannot see an inch beyondl their noses, who see no bearings of one part of a whole question upon another, who go solely by their own likes and dislikes in the particular case, and who in this instance simply say to themselves, " Do I lilke " MIaynooth, or dislike it W Would I rather there " were a laynooth or not? I had rather there " were not, and therefore I will petition ParliaCC ment not to support it." We can affect no surprise that crowds of innocent people in this country, full of sincere Protestant convictions, and not seeing or troubling themselves in the slightest degree about consequences, should urge Parliament to withdraw its grant from Miaynooth. These persons have not the remotest idea that anything else will take place, if they get what they want, but the fact itself which they want to take place. They think that if Maynooth is suppressed it is suppressed, and a very good thing too,-that the whole thing is then over, that Protestantism has triumphed, and the State conscience is changed-all which is very pleasant. We observe that of the 638 petitions presented. to Parliament against the continuance of the grant to MIaynooth only 128 are ag,ainst " all religious "endowments in Ireland," the rest being simply "for the repeal of the Maynooth Endowment "Act." It is fair, then, to presume that the signers of the 510 petitions 'which adopt the latter title have no wish -whatever to interfere with religious endowments in general in Ireland; that they do not quarrel with the Presbyterian endowments, and still less with the Protestant Establishment in that country. No; wve know the names of the leaders and speakers at these meetings, and we know that these gentlemen would be horrified at the bare idea of any misfortune to the Irish Church Establishment, which they regard as the great bulwark of Protestantism. These gentlemen, then, and their followers have evidently no idea that the withdrawal of the grant from Mfaynooth can have any consequences affecting the Irish Church Establishment. If they had, they wwould stop their agitation on this subject, for there can be no doubt whatever tnat the Irish Establishment counts for a great deal more on the Protestant side than Maynooth does on the Romanist. Now, we say we can affect no surprise that crowds of innocent people in this country should deal vwith the Mlaynooth question in this way, because the great majority of men have not tUe time or opportunity to cultivate political thought. They live out of the political world, and do not see the relations of things in it, and the bearing of one event upon anothei. But that men like MTr. Sroo.NER, and those 'who_vote with him, who have imbibed the atmosphere of Parliament for years, have been conversant with the ideas, the reasonings, the fears, and the auticipations of statesmen, and have lived in the very thick of political thought,-that they should really suppose that they can deal with the Maynooth question ia such a way is somewhat astonishing. Where can their eyes or ears have been all this time ? By what sevenfold thickness of political hide have the plainest, the niost certain, and the most apparent political truths, been excluded from all access to their minds? What has been the nature of their political existencc,-a frost, or a trance, the subterranean sleep of the tortoise, or the snug vacuum of the geological toad ? H[ow can they, with the facts of the political world before their eyes, imagine that they can play with. tho Alaynooth question as -with a single isolated question, affecting a particular Romanist seminary, and there stopping? E[ow can they, with their tender and scrupulous anxiety for the welfare and preservation of the Irislh Establishment, gratuitously stir up questions which come into most delicate contact with it, aim wantonly at destroying the very equilibrium 'vwich supports it, and by the creation of an undoubted Romanist grievance invite and provoke the most formidable assault upon it? But, if Mr. SPOO1.N and his friends in Parlia& ment have been deaf hitherto to aUl reason on this xubject, surely the debate on MIr. MA&Les motion ought to make them open their ears. How is the
The decision at wlich the Peers have arrived in the case of their own appellate jurisdiction will always remain one of the most curious anomalies uipon record. The history of the proceeding, in a fewvwords, stands thus --It had beenfound in practice that the greatest inconvenience resulted from treating the House of Peers as a Court of Appeal m high judicial matters, when, in fact, it was without any of the incidents or qualities of a regular Court. All that could be said in favour of the custom was, that in the House of Peers there were to be found certain Law Lordscertain veterans of the bench, who might, if they were so inclined, give their attention to any legal question which wvas brought before the House, and who might, if they pleased, neglect it. WYe will give these aged lords credit for a conscientious desire to discharge their duty to the utmost of their ability; but it is not unreasonable that a man, towards the close of a long and laborious life, shouild desire some little repose and relaxation from his toils ere he sin"s to his eternal rest. Be the cause what it may, they were often absent when their presence was most needed, to the great inconvenience of the public. The :LoRD CnxNcELLOR told uis last night emphatically, that, as there existed no means of compelling the attendance of the Law L-ords, it happened comimonly enough that causes were heard by three, by two judges, or even by one alone, that one being the Chancellor, from whose decision not imposzibly the appeal lay. In this country, then, such a thing as a Court of Appeal can scarcely be said to have existed. The Law Lords were present only wvhen they pleased, and, though lay peers -were constantly compelled to attend and form a quorum, they could not hope to throw any light on the subject discussed. This, then, being the state of facts, the Govern,nent thought it proper to apply some remedy to the acknowledged evil. The modest expecient was -devised of adding a single Law Lord to the House of Peers, and with the condition that his peerage should only endure for life. At this suggestion the Peers took fire. One would have supposed that this i.Snovation had imperilled the honour of al1. The Peers rejected the proposition of the Government as unconstitutional, and upon this ground Lord 1VEWSLEYDALE was refused -admission to his place in the Houise of Peers. By a resolution of that House alone the prerogative of the CRow-N was circiunscribed and declared. The -step was one of the most serious character; is it not, then, strange to find that the Peers themselves, when they set about the discovery of a remedy for the evils resulting from the present condlition of the appellate jurisdiction, should have recommended an innovation of a far more startling character than the one which had been proposed by the Government andrejected by themselves? This time there is no longer question of a single irreg-ular Peer, but of the addition of two irregular Peers. Not only are these two new-comers to content themselves wvith honours of a limited character, but these honours are not in principle to be co-extensive with their natiural lives. They are to hold their peerages as the judges do their offices, and as juidges they are to be liable to deprivation of their functions on addresses from both Houses of Parliament. The Peers, emboldened by success, have no hesitation in prescribing the exact manner in which the Royal prerogative shall be used. They inform the QuEEN that sheshall not confer life-peerages, but that upon their recommendation she may confer peerages terminable upon a contingency other than that of natural death. The next anomaly is, that these new Peers -these twin additions to the noble band, are to receive pay, and, we admit, upon a very liberal scale. Each in return for his services, and in consideration of his temporary tenure of the honours of the Peerage, is to be paid at the rate of 6,0001. per annum. There is a third anomaly vhich wee have yet left umnoticed. The House of Peers, as we all know, is occasionally prorogued; wvhat then becomes of the appellate jurisdiction? During the temporary closing of the Lpper House the fountain of justice is sealed at its very head. o matter wvhat the grievance of the subject may be, or however important the interests which may be involved, no step can be taken for his relief, no decision can be giver, until Parliament may reassemble, unless remedy be found. The ingenious Peers who closed the doors of their Cham1ber in Lord WVENSLEYDALE'S face have discovered a way out of the difficuilty. They propose that the Houise of Peers, when closed in its legislative capacity, should be considered as yet open in its judicial capacity. The Law Lorcls may sit on while the great body of the Peers are engaged in shooting grouse, travelling on the continent, or visiting their estates. Was there ever such a history of shifts and evasions to overcome a metaphysical difficulty? What the country requires is a court of appeal, but in order to satisfy the prejudices and appease the apprehensions of the lay peers, who, time out of mind, have never meddlcd with judicial decisions at all, the old fallacy of the peers1\ being judges, with all the anomalies it involves, must be kept up. It could not with justice be said that the substitution of a regular court of appeal, presidled over by the most eminent lawyers in the land, liberally paid for their services, and distinguished by any titles of honour wvhich might seem appropriate to their office, would deprive the Peers of any substantial dignity or power. In point of fact, at present they do not exercise any judicial pov. er. - Two, three, or, at the utmost, four of their number, constitute the real Court of Appeal. It might perhaps be more consonant with truth to say that the real power is exercised by a single member of their Lordships! House. The decisions are given in the naame of the Peers, and that barren honoiur is literally all the Peers have to do with the matter. By reference to the debate of last night it will be seen that the only way the Peers can diascover out of the difficulty is the appointment of two law Lords, who are to hold peerages Itarndiu benze se gesserint. This decision is a strange I commeiit upon the rejection of Lord WmisLzy- DALE.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. THE EAST. (BY SUBMARINE AZ]) BRiISH TEGRAPH.) We Bhave received the following telegraphic despatch from our Vienna correspondent:- " Advices iromn Constantinople of the 23d of May state:- " ' The Princes Vogorides and Virtaledes, the Armeiniaiis Dadian and Mtihranm Bey, the Protestant Stephen Bey, and the Hebrew Hatom have for the time being a seat and voice in the Medjlis Council. " 'The excitement at Serajewo, the capital of Bosnia, in consequence of the building of a church steeple, has been suppressed. "'Kurschid. Pasha took energetic measures. "'Advices from Athens of the 24th of May say,'The French Minister has received leave of absence, and is gone to Paris.' "
T HE OVERLAND MAIL. INDIA AND CHINA. (The followihg appeared in our second edition of yes. bardav!-1 (BY SUBMARINE AD BRITISH GBLEAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from Trieste:- " TRIESTE, THuasBDAY, MAY 29. "The steamer Bombay arrived here this day at 1.30 p.m. in 141 hours from Alexandria, w9hich Port she left on the 23d. " The India and China mails were to leave Alexandria the same day, with advices from Calcutta of the 23d April; Bombay, 28th April; Hongkong, 15th Apiil; and Shanghai, 6th April. [The Bombay news we have already anticipated.] " At Calcutta there wras but little activity in the produce market. The indigo season had closed. There was no improvement in the money-market and loan. The banks charge 16 per cent. interest. "Exchange at Calcutta, 2s. 2id. "At Canton trade was reviving. "The total exports of tea from China have not fallen off. "Exchange at Canton, 4s. lid.; at Shanghai, 6s. 5Qd."
WEST COAST OF AFRICA. (By ELECTRid TEmanRApB.) PLYMOUTH, FRItAy EvENX,-G. Her Majesty's steam sloop Salamander, Commander G. F. Meechan, arrivedhere this evening. She exchanged crews with the Scourge at Sierra Leone on the 28th of April, and left for England on the 30th. The colony in general was healthy, but some fever prevailed among the Europeans, caused by previous rains. Several heavy typhoons had been experienced. Her Majesty's brig Philomel was expected to leave for England on the 2d of Mhay; she is leaky. Outside Sierra Leone the Salamander met the French frigate Zelie, geing in vwith a complimentary message from the newly, appointed Commodore at Goree. On the 9th of May, off Cape Verd, the Salamander was nearly run into at midnight by a large screw steamer, shiprigged, white funnel and black top, going down the northeast trades, as if bound for Australia. In the Channel today she observed two Dutch frigates, homeward bound, ap. parently from a long voyage. The French Vice-Consul at Sierra Leone comes home passenger in the Salamander.
COURT CIRCULAB. A deputation of Wesleyan rninisters and gentlemen resident in London had an interview with Viscount Pal. nierston on Thursday on the subject of Sunday bands. The deputation consisted of the Rev. Robert Young, Rev. John Scott, Rev. Charles Haydon, Rev. John Smith, Messrs. Maxsden Reece, W. Williams, W. Pocock, C. B. Radcliffe, Thomas Farmer, J. S. Badgett, and John Lid ett, e. on, ev. Willi Arthur, and Rev. Wilam M. Harvard. Meetings of the Oxford University Commission were held on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, at No. 17, Great Queen-street, Westminster. Present the Earl of Ellesmere, the Earl of Harrowby, the Bishop of Ripon, Mr. Justice Coleridge, Mr. Twisleton, theDean of Wells, and Sir John Awdry. Despatches from the Governors of New Zealand and the Fallland Islands were received yesterday at the Colonial- Despatches were sent last evening to the Governor of Canada.
EAS=ERx TOLERATIO.N.-A Constantinople correspondent of the Independance writes *-" It is a matter of wonder that nothing disastrous occurred at Volo on Easterday among the Greeks. The orthodox clergy of that town, in concert with the Austrian Consular agent, a Greek himself, thought proper to indulge in a manifestation, which anywhere else might have led to sanguinary results. Without asking leave, without giving the least intimation to the authorities, they got up a procession and paraded the streets of the town, and, not satisfied with chaunting their litanies, began shouting, as if in a phrenzy, especially when they came in front of the barracks o-cupied by the Turkish gsrrison The troops, however, took no notice of this provocation. After this, don't let us hear people talking about the intolerance of the Turks. I should like to see how the Greeks would act if the Turks took such a liberty in one of their towns, as that of celebrating some festival in honour of Mahomet? And to speak of a more civilized nation, what would the Eng 'ish do if the Catholics were to get up a procession in the streets of London, and raise the Host in a threatening manner opposite the Horse Guards? In short let any attempt be made to introduce perfect freedom of religious worship into certain States, which I abstain from mentioning by name, and we should soon see what some of the consequences would be." Tam Pamorosan ED EmoN Or AnT TREA\SusES.- We are requested to state that the executive committee are desirous of seeing the guarantee fund still further augmented. It is considered expedient that thesumnguaranteed should be increased to 100,000., and the list then closed. We feel sure that the committee, in thus asking for further support, will not appeal in vain. Now that the sum already guaranteed is so large the risk to future subscribers is greatly diminished; and we hope that many of our wealthy citizens, whose names do not yet appear as contributors, will immediately take this opportunity of assisting to carry out a scheme which is exciting so much interest throughout the country. Any member of the executive committee will be glad to receive the names of gentlemen desirous of subscribing to the guarantee fund.- htafnclester Guardian. ArPrafn.NisoN oF BunGoxs.-Yesterday a gang of six burglars, whose depredations have recentlybeen carned on to an alarmingextent in theWest Riding,were arraigned before the Bradford magistrates on several distinct charges. Their names are Charles larrison, of New Leeds; Henry Carter, of Swfainegreon; Robert Briggs, of Uindereliffe; William Brooke, of NXew lezeds; Joshua Ternpeat, of U)ndereliffe; and Samuel Ibhotson, of FrizinghaDl, all places in the vicinity of Bradford. During the last six months the inhabitants of Bradford and the villages ad jacent have been almost weekly alarmed by the news of housebreak-ings and extensive robberies- and, a few weeks ago the borough police obtained a clutio the detection of the gang. They held their warrants until Monday last, and at 3 o'clock in the morning of that day, Inspector Burniston and detective officers Field and Shuttleworth, of the borough force, made a descent upon the thieves. Briggs, Carter, Brooke, Tempest, and Harrison were apprehended at their respective homes, where a great quantity of the plunder realized was discovered. At the house of Briggs also were found a dark lantern, pistol, skeleton keys, a centrebit, and all the usual appliances for burglaries, together with two terrible weapons in the form of life-preservers, constructed with strong but pliable handles, and each heavily loaded at one end with a leaden baiL lbbotson was apprehended on Thursday night. It was conclusively proved by the fact that portions of the property stolen trom particular premises were found in each of the prisoners' houses that they had acted in concert only too successfully; and, in addition to the ordinary evidence, the prisoner Carter was admitted approver against his accomplices. The table of the court was quite covered with the recovered property and the insttuments with which the ex;tensive robberies had been pernetrated. The magistrates committed the five prisoners for trial at the next York sassies. ARS-FTOLULY -REA RED FISHn.-The ShrasburgaRail - way has just brought to Paris for the Exhibition0in the Champs Elysees about 3,000 fish from the Artificia Pisciculltural Establishment formed at Huningen by the French Goverament. They consist of salmon from the Danube, trout from the lakes of Switzerland, and grayling from the lake of Constance. These last-named have only becen hatched this spring; the salmon and trout are 14 months old, and are fl- to 6~ in. long. There are two salmon three years old, one of which is nearly lO in, long byl3 in, in circumference. These fish are conveyed in cylindrical reservoirs made of tin, the water being renew ed frequently. SAf Or A Bu[snAwn'S BODE.-At the weekly meeting of the West Derby Board of Guardians (Liverpool; on Wednesday, a letter was read from WVilbelmina flirtsburgh, a foreigner, asking to be permitted to exhume the body of her husband, who died in L,iverpool in 1853, and was buried in the Necropelis. She stated that her late husband baa a malformation of a peculiar and extraordinary kind; that some one in Paris had offered her 700f. for the body, and that she wanted to take it Up to sell it for the purpose of obtaining rupport for herself. The application was, of course1 refused.
FOBEIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRA2CE. (FROM1 OUR. OWNr eOFRzoiii,.) 1ARS, THuRSDAY, WAY 29, 6 p.x. Count Orloff leaves Paris to-day. His irritation against the allies who signed the treaty of the 15th of April is not concealed; whenever he speaks of it, it is with bitterness. It is with anger he alludes to France-perhaps less with anger, and more of sorrow (why, I know not), of England ;but it is for Austria that the full vials of his wrath are poured forth. That feeling of resentment must be strong indeed, for it animates every man, woman, and child whose name ends with "off," or "ski." The Empress Dowager of Russia, whose health is in a deplorable state, intends taking up her quarters at Wiesbaden for a time, in order to try the efficacy of the waters. She will afterwards visit a few other watering places in Germany; and her present intention is to pass the winter at Palermo. In g,iving orders for her journey, the only condition 'EerMfajesty made was, that she should not be obliged to set her foot on Austrian territory nor enter a town which is in Austrian occupation. Any routes, however long and wearisome, are velcome to her, any accommodation, however scanty, she will cheerfully accept, provided that contact with Austria or with Austrians be avoided. Prince Gortscelakoff, who, as I have mentioned, was to arrive at Vienna on the 29th inst., to present his letters of recall to the young Emperor, is not expected there before the 3d of June. It is doubtful, considering what sort of man the Prince is, that even the rigorous etiquette of the Court of Vienna wilL prevent Iim from speaking a little of his mind on the occasion. If he retain in all the bitterness the feelings he had when he quitted Vienna totake a place in the Cabinet of St. Petersburg, it will be something like the message sent by Achilles, sulking nhstet o,gmmo after the forced surrender of his beautiful captive. Austria will not, I suspect, send any of her Archdukes to the coronation of the Czar. The person spoken of for that interesting mission is Prince Paul Esterhazy, the chief of the family of Esterhazy-Galautha; the same who was so long Ambassador at London, and who for a short period was Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Hungarian Government. Baron Budberg is the Russian AmbassadortoVienna. Prussia has been doing her best to be allowed to send a Commissioner to the Danubian Principalities. The proposition is resisted, but in the mildest manner possible by Austria. Austria knows well that in such casethere would be two Russian Cormmissioners to one Austrian. This, as you may suppose, is not the reason she assigns for her refusal; she merelypoints out the inconvenience that would result, as Sardinia would also claim to be represented there; and Sardinia's claim Austria will on no account listen to. People have not failed to remark -the anxiety which Austria shows to diminish the im- i portance of the treaty of the 15th of April; and this, together with the tranquillizing explanations of the Frenclh Government, rather confirms theni in the belief that it is far more important than is pretended. It is remarked, also, that the English Government has taken no such trouble, not feeling the same necessity of calming the apprehensions or appeasing the resentment of Russia. When M1. Buol arrived at Brussels, on his return to Vienna from Paris, it is said that he had an interview with a high personage there, who expressed his surprise at his so soon quitting this city of enchantments. " City of enchantments!" replied M. Buol; " Why every hour was an age, and the last hours were no enchantment to me; the very pavements were as coals of fire to my feet." The efforts to induce Prussia to renew the treaty of the 20th of April were made at the same time, and subsequently to the conclusion of the treaty of the 15th of April. The semi-official organs of the Vienna Cabinet of course deny the fact, but the denial is not believed. The overtures may not have been made at Berlin by any important agent of Austria, but they were made here by M. Buol himself; and, moreover, 31. Buol set his agents to work all over Germany to induce the secondary States to press on the Diet; but all without effect. In the meantime the Russians, and all others who bear no love to Austria, gloat over the difficulties they believe she will soon have to encounter, almost face to face with Russia, in spite of the treaty of the 15th. She will find some hard work in the Danubianprovinces, and still harder in the rectification of the Bessarabian territory; and her slightest slip, her slightest mistake, will be turned to her prejudice by the secondary States of Germany. Then, again, when she has her hands full in that quarter, she will have other troubles to encounter in Italy. Her usual good fortune may, it is true, save her from all her difficulties, but she now appears to be hastening to that state when she will have to become the satellite of England and France. How strange it would be were Austria forced to co-operate, if not to take the lead, in the regeneration and independence of Italy! More unlikely tlings have come to pass. In Italy we are told,' with what truth I do not venture to say, that two distinct but not opposing propagandisms are at work. They are known to some Italians, and to a few Frenchmen, as the French and English propagandisms. The former relates to the cessation of the temporal authority of the Pope, speculates on the abdication or deposition of the King of Naples, and aims at the union of both States into one kingdom, under the title of the Kingdom of Southern Italy. The propagandists speak of Prince Murat as the future Sovereign of the country. The Emperor of the French, however, is said to be no friend to any such arrangement, and would, probably, .if such a combination could be effected by the Italians themselves, set his face against the Murat family having any authority there. It is not easy to know what his real intentions are; his policy is, perhaps, one of expectancy, and his principle laissci faire. But I believe it is not so doubtful that a propagandism is going on; the Papal Secretary of State has said something about it to the diplomatic ag.ents at Rome; he has asked whether the respective Governments had anything to do with it ? The agents could give no explanation, as I dare say they were ignorant of their intentions. I presume they have applied to their Governments for information. The English propagandism, which, according to the same gossip, is also at work, relates of course to Sicily. In the term "gossip" I do not include what is said about the existence of the propagandism, on which I firmly believe; I only apply it to the details, which are sometimes contradictory. The Pope, it appears, expresses Iuimself very willing to introduce reforms the moment he has a .ative army strong endough and faithful enough to insure their execution and the respect due to the law. As this is a contingency of rather a remote kind, His Holiness may without inconvenience make the promise. It is related that Henry IV., passing one day near a gibbet where a man was going to be hanged, gave peremptory orders that the execution should not ta-e place until the criminal had said his prayers. " E7 bilen," said Jacques Bonhomme, "je se les dirai janwi.s." As he refused to comply with the condition, and as the executioner did not dare to hang him till he had done so, the man lived to an advanced age and died quietly in his bed. If there be no reform at Rome till there be a strong and faithful Pontifical army we may wait a long while. The visit of the Emperor of Russia to Berlin is looked upon here as a sort of demonstration against the treaty of the 15th of April. The Pope's Legate. the sponsor of the Imperial Prince, is expected here on the 8th of June. The Emperor of the French intends going to Plombieres before joining the Empress at Biarrits after the baptism. I understand that the Paris papers have been "invited" by the proper authorities to show considerable zeal in advocating the union of the Danubian provinces under one head. We may, therefore, look for some eloquent essays on the subject. The following is the address presented to Count Walewskd by the Polish deputation to which I alluded a day or tvo ago :- "Excellency,-Tho Paris Congress, by tho conclusion of the treaty of peace of the 1st of April, solved unexpect. edly the Eastern question; and in this treaty, of which the principal object was the re-establishment of the balance of Europe, the Western Powers stipulated nothing with respect to Poland, and thus sanctioned by an inexplicable omission all the spoliations committed on that nation since the fatal period of its partition. We, the refugees and representatives of Poland, being delegated to maintain in all its integrity the principle of its independence, feeling the sacred nature of our duties, strong in the justice of our cause, make a last appeal before the chiefs and plepipoteatiaries of tho allied States of 'mnuec Engl.ad, Anstria, Sardinia, and Turkey, protesting earnestly against this abandonment of our national rights, confirmed and guaranteed in the last instance by the acts of the Congress of Vienna on the 3d of May, 9th of June, and 27th of No. vember, 1815, and which up to the Treaty of Paris of the present year have not been abrogated or modified by any other convention between the Powers of Europe. "Since the raising of the Eastern question, in consequence of the pretensions of the Emperor Nicholas over the Christian subjects of the Ottoman empire, we have never ceased to entertain the hope that Poland would be called to take an active part in this great judgment of the interests of Europe against the lawless ambition of Russia, and which, according to general expectation, was to have restored our independence. "After the invasion of the Danubian Principalities and the massacre of Sinope, to which France and England replied by a declaration of war, we offered our co-operation, and proposed the formation of an auxiliary Polish corps, even in the territory of the Sultan. The proposal, which at first Sfeemed to be accepted, encountered opposition in the Cabinet of Vienna, which, at a later period, by the Convention of the 2d of December, 1854, joined the Anglo-French alliance. Since that day we have been in constant expectation of being called upon by the allies, and God knows with what inexpressible anxiety we awaited the arrival of the moment ~when we should unite our eagles with the banners of France and England. That happiness was not granted to us. We have been forced to keep shut up in our bosom all our patriotic hopes, but they are not the less lively and lasting from being postponed. " During the course of the negotiations opened at Paris for the conclusion of peace we did not raise our voice in the name of Poland, for we could not believe that in a Congress assembled to re-establish the ancient relations between the Powers of Europe, the question of Poland would have been totally set aside. We left to France and her allies the task of pleading our cause at the same time as that of Turkey, and we thought that our silence ought to entitle us to this consideration. The deliverance of oppressed nationalities would, we thought, be the necessary consequence of the Western alliance. But now, when the treaty of peace, ratified by the Powers, has been made public, and as neither in that official instrument, nor in the protocols of the Conferences which preceded it, have we found the name of Poland, we cannot, without denying the past, without abandoning ail regard to the future, remain silent, and thus renounce the rights which even our enemies and those of France had recognized as legitimate. "France and England, by declaring war against Russia, have, it is true, assumed no new engagements with regard to Poland; and this Eastern war-for reasons which it does not belong to us to discuss-has terminated without her participation. But was that a reason why nothing should be Stipulated in her favour by the Congress 9 Such is not our opinion. If the treaties of 1815, inmposed by force, are to servo for ever as the law of E1urope for all other questions besides those of Turkey, the strict observance of those treaties, approved in common, ought clearly to be demanded in all that concerns Poland. We only speak of the law of Europe, for that which we rely on is Poland before 1772. The 5th clause of the Austrian propositions, which permits the Plenipotentiaries to require guarantees for the security of Europe, gives them on this point complete latitude; it purports, in fact, the maintenance of Polish nationality, and such, we trust, is the meaning attached to that article in the fmal meeting of the Congress. Moreover, the present peace would not have been concluded without the moral influence which Poland, though unrepresented in the Anglo-French alliance, exercised on the resolutions of the Cabinet of St. Petersburg; and the admissions of Russia herself have been too explicit on this point for us to have recourse to any other proofs than those taken from Z7te Times, the principal organ of public opinion in Europe. "The Plenipotentiaries have, consequently, the power -we may add that the obligation is imposed on them, alwaysreserving our national rights-to demand from Russia the re-establishment of the kdngdom of Poland as it stood in 1815, and which has never been considered as forming an integral part of the Muscovite empire. Pursuant to the sense of the Treaty of Vienna, it ought to have its Government, its representatives, and its army; its territory ought not to be occupied by any foreign troops; and the re-establishment of Poland ought to be accompanied by that of the free city of Cracow, as the inviolable sanctuary of our historical recollections. " All these guarantees have been comprised in the general act of Congress, dated the 3d of May, 1815, from which we quote the following passages " 'A t, 1. The Poles, subjects of Russia, Austria, and Prussia respectively, will have a representation and national institution.' "' Art. G. The cityof Cracow, withits territory,isdeclared for ever a free city, independent, and strictly neutraL' "I' Art. 9. The Courts of Russia, Austria, and Prussia, bind themselves to respect, and cause to be respected, at aU times, the neutrality of the free city of Cracow and its territory. No armed force shall ever be introduced into it under any pretext whatever.' "W e are bound at the same time to remind your Excellency of the solemn promises made to ns, relative to these different points, under the preceding regime, during the poriod which elapsed between 1831 and 1848, by all the legislative assemblies; of the sympathetic echoes which they have ever found in the English Chambers, and the unanimous vote of the National Assembly on the 23d of May, 1843. These promises become, in our opinion, obligations for the present regime which has emanated from the will of Franee, and which is bound up with the Imperial traditions, for to establish it, in order to continue these traditions, to raise it from its political decline and fall, was also to demand from it the re-establishment of Poland. From that moment we felt assured of our independence, basedcon the general interests of Europe; we have hailed the accession of an era of glory for France, of an era of reparation for Poland; for we could not, and we cannot now, separate those two great principles which for us are embodied in the immortal name of NapoleonI. We served too well the first Empire to entertain any doubt of his heir; we appeal to his personal sentiments, which are in conformity with those of the nation ;-to his words, if necessary, addressed on more than one occasion to our countrymen. France wishes for a pacific reign, but a glorious one; but the glory of a Napoleon is in the deliverance of Poland. " We have by the preceding sufficiently established the right of Poland to the intervention of Europe, represented in Congress for the maintenance of the principle of its independence. Tnere remains, then, the question of interest which Europo may have to sustain it. " The Eastern question, the definitive solution of which no one has dared to indicate, cannot be detached from the question of Poland. Any combination the object of whose solution would be the e.xclusion of Poland would be at once marked by weakness and fragility, and of this we see the recent proof in the additional treaty of the 15th of April, annexed to the act of Congress, and purporting to consolidate it bya guarantee independentof its originalbasis. Such must be the case, for Russia only negotiated with the view of delay; her traditional policy is in every respect the same; and the interposition of Poland is still the only logical and rational means of arresting her progress towards the west and south. From the present date she declares war against the Cireassians, who by their religion are connected with the Sultan. To-morrow it will be the turn of the Persians; the eastern road of the Black Sea remains always open to her. There is an inexorable necessity in the life of nations as of individuals, which cannot be avoided by any expedient. One fof two things-either Poland will be freed, or Turkey and Austria will, sooner or later, pass under the Muscovite rule. let the Greco-Slave empire be not forgotten-that empire planned by Peter L, and realized by his descendants, would be composed of near 100,000,000 men! ' Tzarogrod,' the city of the Czars !-such has been for centuries the Russian name of Constantinople. Napoleon has said, 'The assimilation of Poland would render Russia all powerful !' The Plenipotentiaries we feel suro will take these things into consideration in order to secure for their work the character of solidity and durability. " We disclaim the absurd calumnies which connect the cause of Poland with anarchy and agitation; these are odious insinuations in which no one believes, not even those who propagate them. England, Switzerland, and even Austria have always shown themselves disposed to aid in our independence; but surely those Powers have no interest in serving the cause of disorder. In this act of reparation and of justice they only see the accomplishment of a great political necessity, and we cannot suppose that their initiative would be rejected by France. We are told that the Congress recoiled from the question of a general reconstruction of the map of Europe; that it feared the occurrenee of a discussion on Poland, as if it could bo a danger more grave than that wlhich we have just indicated ;-as if that reconstruction, the inevitable result of every important war, was beyond the power of France and its allies. But, in truth, there was no need of reforming the map of Europe, of tracing new divisions of territories between the nationalities which compose it. Quite the contrary, it was only necessary to guarantee those which were found already traced in the beginning of the European struggle. It was precisely the task of the Congress, and that task it cannoS. avoid accomplishing. "Is Poland destined to undergo this last outrage-.to see the last shred of its independence torn; this StlpIme ini. quity-to see its very name effaced from the 'nap of the world, becausgl 25 years ago, it di4 il.t w'lsh to march against theWest, and serve as the vangardtoRma, because it constantly hoped the intervention of Europe, and demanded a term to its martyrdom ? ' Andwhy, then, should Europe refue tofulfilits engagements towards one of the most ancient of valiant nations in Christendosm? Europe has taken an interest in the fate or the Greeks, the itoumains, the Servians, the Scandinavias, the Tartars, the Zingaros, and other heterogeneous populations whose existence is scarcely knowv. Can it do less in favour of the Poles-of a nation of 20,000,000 mens kept by the common enemyunder a yokeahundred times more pain. ful and intolerable ? "Is Europe ashamed to pronounce our name because that name calls to mind the crime of the partition, the most disgraceful act of modem times? We cannot believe it, for this last injustice would prove the rnin of its moral dignity by sanctioning the right of despotism and Asiatic barbarity! The blood of our soldiers too often mingled on fields of battle with that of France not to secure to the latter a right to defend and protect her sister among Christian nations! Her honour is at stak!e, and in France honour is a principle that does not admlit of discussion. "Being persuaded that the regeneration of our country can alone insure to Europe a constant and solid peace, the regular development of its liberal tendencies, and complete security; that it can alone put a period to the violent commotions which, since the close of the last century, have agitated the West, by exhausting in incessant and always sterile struggles the vital forces of its civilization; that it can alone adequately retrieve the immense sacrifices made by France and her allies during the war in the East; "We, emigrantsandrepresentativesof Poland, beseech the chiefs and plenipotentiaries of the allied States of France, England, Austria, Sardinia, and Turkey, and particularly your Excellency, our natural defender and pre. sident of the Congress, to repair that omission of the name of Poland, in the interest of all Europe aggrieved at her abandonment, and to require at least in her favour, conformably to previous engagements, the fulfilment of the stipulations which France, although disarmed, obtained for her in 1815, and which France, to-day victorious, is the more authorized to insist upon, namely - "That our national institutions be for ever restored and gnaranteed to us; "That the kingdom of Poland and the free city of Cracow. created by the Congress of Vienna, and, since 1831 and 1816, illegallyabsorbed by Russia and Austria, be re-established on the bases stipulated by the act of the Congress, and assented to by the three Courts which shared in the partition; and "That the Code of lapoleon, abrogated in 1832,and replaced by orgauic statutes imposed by force, should be again put in vigour throughout the entire of Poland. " Confiding in the wisdom of their views, in the uprightness of their intentions, we await their decision in that respect, with a certainty that events, prepared by Divine Providence, will justify our anticipations; that we shall find a generous support in public opinion, the supreme arbitrator in all great national causes, and which, at this period of enlightenment and progress, ultimately comes off triumphant. "Count CHRISTIAN OSTROWSEK, Together vith several thousand eMembers of the Polish Emigration. " Paris, May 3." The Engglish vessel Oiinoco, with 88 men, 105 horses, and war material, towved by the English steamer Empress, having on board 108 soldiers, arnd 86 horses; and the Sardinian steamer Victor Emmanuel, with 311 men and 115 horses, arrived at Marseilles on the 26th. A cavalry camp had been established at Marseilles, close to the Boulevard of Orleans, behind the railway station. It consisted of 500 men, and as many horses of the 6th and 7th Regiments of Dragoons, just arrived from the Crimea. Abb6 Coquereau, first chaplain of the fleet, has arrived at Toulon, where he is to embark for Civita Vecchia in the steam corvette Du Chayla. Monsignor Patrizi, who isto represent the Pope at the baptism of the Imperial Prince, will take passage in that vessel.. The steam corvette Promethee is to accompany the Du Chayla. The Archduke Maximilian arrived at Havre yesterday about 2 o'clock. As the Prince wished to remain incognito the authorities did not assemble to receive him. The commandant of the garrison, however, went to the railway station to place himself at the orders of his Imperial Highness. At 3 o'clock six carriages, conveying the Prince and his suite, arrived at the Bureau de la Marine, where a large crowcd had assembled. After stopping a few minutes the carriages continued their course across the Pont St. Frangois, and the party alighted at the Quai des Casernes. The Arciduke -visited the American steamer Arago, lying in the outer basin, and about 4 o'clock went on board the Reine Hortense, wlhich had been dressed out in flags the whole day; and at half-past 4 she left for Cherbourg. Prince Oscar of Sweden is about to visit h/etz and other French fortified towns. "It is rumoured," says the Coanstitutionnel, "That after the baptism of the Prince Imperial the EuP. peror will leave for the ba33s of Plombieres, at the samie time that the Empress will proceed to the Chaiteau of Biarritz, where the Emperor will afterwards join Her Majesty." The ltfoniteur contains the following:- "W e propose to ourselves to examine in detail the work which 1d de Bazancourt has just published on the Crimean expedition. This work will doubtless excite considerable interest, but it derives no official character from its having been dedicated to the Emperor. 21. de Bazancourt has vrritten his book from his own inspirations, and he alone is responsible for the facts which he relates and the opinions which he has expressed." The Legislative Body sat yesterday, M. Schneider, one of the Vice-Presidents, in the chair. A bill was presented relative to companies en comzb ,nmdite ; also four other bills, the first to dispense with affirmation of the proces vcrbatw drawrn up by the Gendarmery; another, to modify several provisions of the criminal code; a third, to convert into law the vaxious decrees relative to the Customs' cluties published since February, 1855; and a fouarth, to establish an additional tax on wine anrd spiritous liquors at the octroi of BaiUeul (Nord). Two bills were also presented, one relative to obligatory arbitration in cases of banlruptcy; andthe other concerning the Caisse de Retraites for the aged. Lastly, seven local bills were presented. A report was broj;ght up by Al. O'Quin on the bill relative to the conveyance of printed papers; and another by M. Nogent St. Laurent on the bill for calling ouit in 1857 a contingent of 100,000 men, in the place of 140,000, from the class of 1856. Fourteen reports were presented on local biUs; and two such bills were adopted. The proceedings then terminated. An extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Eastern of France Railway has just been held in Hert2zs great room, Rue de la Victoire, Count de Segur, the President, in the chair, for the purpose of taking into consideration several questions which coulTd not be decided at the meeting of the 30th of April last, from a sufficient number of shareholders not being present on that occasion to decide on special matters. The proceedings were exceedingly brief, and no discussion whatever took place. AfterAlM. Bossange, the secretary, had read a short report, the meetin, gave their approbation to the purchase of the Mulhausen to Thann line, onthe conditions nientioned in the report presented at the preceding general meeting. It likewise ratified the treaty passed with the Paris to Soissons Railway Company, with a view to an amalgamation in certain eventual circumstances; and it also conferred full powers on the board of directors to apply for the following concessions:-1. For an extension of the Mulhausen to Thann line as far as Wesserling; 2, for a branch line from La Varenne to Brie-Comte-Robert; and 3, for a line from Thionville to Sedan. The meeting then separated. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 7Sf. 20c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 10c. ; and the N ew Loan at 75f. 40c.; Orleans Pailway Shares, 1,485f.; Great Northern, 1,170f.; Strasburg, 997f. 50c. ; New Shares, 905f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,560f.; Lyons to the MIediterranean, 1,800f. : Western of France, 975f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 817f. 50c; Great Central of France, 725f.; Lyons and Geneva, 843f. 75c.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,940f.; Austrian Railways, 942f. 50c. Cours Authentiqm-P&Ais, May 29.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 185 (55 per cent, paid), 94f.; ditto Certificates t55 per cent. paia), 94f.; Four per 6ents., 82f.; tLhree per Cents., 75f. 75f. lOc. 75f.; ditto second Loan of 185D (55 per cent. paid), 75f. 35c. 1oe.; ditto Cer'ificates (55 per cent. paidi), 75f. &C. 15e.; Bank " France, 4,1501.; Crdit Fondier, 722f. 0c., 715f. ox. div.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.; dtto Obligations of 5 ., Thre-per Cents., 4001; dttoTents, 2f.SOc. CrditMobiler, 1,935f. 1,940f. 1,945f. 1,940f.. Discount Bank, 697f. S0c. 698f. 75c. 700f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 9Sf. 70.; Austrian Five per Cents., 92'.; Belgian Four-and.a-Ealf p or Cauia., 97Af; * Bomans, 91f. Spanish Daferred, 20A3i odjtk Three per Cents., 4847; dittP lutrlor Del, 42 4A. Ehang on London, at sight, paper, 2Sf. 40c.; money, 25f. 37lc.; three months, money, 25!. ITALY. The Chamber of Deputies at Turui, in its sitting of the 25th, voted the whole of the war budget for 1857, amounting to 33,291,768f. A letter from Genoa of the 26th, in the CaniiutimeeZ, says "The city of Genoa is about to commerce the proposed mprovements in the port by thoprolongation of ths new mole. The work 'will bo a tedious one, and probably more expensive than was at frst calculated on, when the sum of 1,990,000f. was voted for it by the elective chamber. In the year XIV. of the French republic, the First Consul had an idea of effecting some improvements of the kind, and sent three engineers, ML Frony, Sganzin, and Sane, to make a survey for that purpoxe. Their report declared that the great depth of the sea at that spot (about 80 feet) rendered the success of a jetty uncertain, and so nothing was done. The Grand Duke of Tuscany has withdrawn from a Florentine company the privilege which had been granted to it to construct the Great Central Railway. The company, whichx has purchased the Lombardian lines of railway, has offered the Grand Duke the most ample guarantees, In .consequence, the privLlege has been withdrawn from the company which obtained it, and transferred to that of Vienna, with an obligation to pay 6,S80,000 Tuscan livres, which vill serve to reimburse the original shares, and pay the interest due since the instalments were paid up." A letter from Rome states that the result of the Paris conferences had produced a great impression in the College of Cardinals. The Pope, it appears, was preparing a vindication of his acts, said to be drawn up in energetic terms, and extremely aggressive towards Piedmont.-
CRYSTAL PALACE CO.YCERTS. These entertainments would seem to have talken a stand. At the third performance the attendance was to all appearances larger than at either of its predecessors. This, however, may he accounted for by the new regulation, which provides for the admisbion of the public generally to single concerts at 7s. 6d. a-head. On the whole, the programme yesterday was even better arranged thanusual. There was more variety than before, the music of the great German masters being allowed a proportionate share in the selection, which rendered the light and graceful productions of the Italian school all the more attractive and agreeable. Mr. Costa being absent, his place at the head of the orchestra; was filled by M. Sainton (chef ;'ataque at the Royal It*lian3Opera), who performedi his duties with zeal and ,talent. The overtures were Spohr's Jessonda and Weber's Dcr Frcschuif-both masterpieces, and both finely played.The madrigdl, for the chorus, was Ravenscroft's " In the merry spring," than which many better might have been found. The finales-from the first act of Liucreaa Borgia (the scene in which Dacrezia is ummasked by the young nobles in presence of Gennaro), and from the last act of Mose in .Fgitto (the celebrated preghiera)-were both effective; tho latter especially, the simple and solemn strains of which have rarely been heard to such advantage. The specimens from the German (to which allusion has been made), in addition to the two over. tures, included the grand air of Mephistopheles. fror Spohr's Fausf, which is peculiarly suited to the splendid bassvoice of Rerr Formes; and the soprano scenm from Weber's Oberon (Ozean ! duimgeheuer !"), sung by Maame Jenny ley, who in such music is much more at her ease than in that of the Italian Opera. The duet between Valentine and Marcel (from the Hvguenots) brought thetwo German singers together with excellent results. From the large number of operatic pieces that found a place in the vocal department of tho programme four claim particular notice-not merely because they obtained encores, but because they were admirably sung. These were the duet from Donizetti's Boberlo Dereretu-" Vno tenera core" (Grisi and Mario); the serenade, "Deh vieni alla finestra" (Signor Graziani); the air of Urbain, the page, from the HugUcnots, "Nobil Signor" (Aadame Nantier Didi6e); and the serenade from Don Pasgualc, " Com' e gentil," always fresh and delightful when sung by Mario, who never gave it more sweetly and unaffectedly than yesterday. The " Quis est homo," from Rossini's Stabat Afatcr (Mademoiselle Marai and Madame Didi6e); the elegant rozanza, from La Favorita, " Jna vergine," (Signor Gardoni); and the florid and sparkling duet from 17 Conte Ory, " Ak ! qual rispetto, o donna !" executed in a finished and brilliant manner by Madame Bosio and Signor Gardoni, completed one of the very best miscellaneous selections ever presented for the gratification and amusement of a fashionable audience. The performances gave evident satisfaction to all present. Manyhave thought that a concert or solo of some kind, for pianoforte or violin, with orchestral accompaniments, would be effective at these concerts. That either one or the other would afford a grateful contrast to the now almost uninterrapted-succession of vocal pieces can hardly admit of a doubt.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIE=S Sir,-Having been a spectator of the serious accident in Hyde ?ark on Wednesday afternoon, mentioned in your impres,ion of this day, I beg leave to contradict the statement that it was caused by lady Chesterfield's carriage. The young person was ran over by a yellow carriage drawn by gray horses. lady Chesterfield, who was passing at the time, very ldndly alighted and offered hter cariTage for the use of the sufferer, in which she was conveyed to St. George's HospitaL I and my daughter not only witnessed the accident, but accompanied her to the hospital. I enclose my card, in compliance with your rule, and am. Sir, your obedient servant, i-I Bryanston-street, Portman-square, l-ay 29. [We have ascertained that the tino version of the story is as follows :-Lady Chesterfield was 'walking in the park, her carriage following at a foot pace. The accident described in Thle Tintes was caused by some other carriage, anc Lady Chesterfield had nothing whatever to do with it, further than at once offering theuse of her cariage, -which was accepted, to convey the sufferer to the hospital.]
THE WATER-TO wEBS AT TE (hrsTrA PnAcE.-As a more intimate knowledge of the structure and character of these erections than can be gained by a mere casual observation is likely to be interesting to our readers we subjoin a few particulars respecting them. The foundation of each tower is composed of a ring of Portland cement concrete, the dimensions of which are-outside diameter, 53 feet ; width of the ring, 11 feet; depth, 3 feet. On this foundation are erected 780 cubic yards of brickwork, also in Portland cement. This cylinder of brickwork is 18 feet in height, with an average thickness of 7 feet, carying the entire structure of outer base plates, columns, face-panels, tanks, balcony floors, and roof. The diameter of each tower, from centre to centre of the columnsw, is 46 feet. There aTe eleven stories in each tower, the height between the floorsbeing 20 feet. Winding round the chimney-shaft is a spiral staircase of iron and wood, containing 404 steps. As a means of edditional stability each tower contains ten diaphragms of wrought iron, 5 feet wide, weighing aboutsir tons. 'l'hese diaphragms are all fixed between the colmns= and connecting pieces, and are tied together by iron rods 1i inch in diameter and 32 feet in lengti. The total heicht of the towers from the first floor to the top of the tan' is 238 feet. There are ten tiers, each tier 20 feet high, making the height of the balcony-floor round the outside of the tank,from the first floor, 200 feet. The tanks are a; feet deep and 47 feet indiamneter. Each tank, when full of water, contains 448,000 imperial gallons, or about 2,000 tens. The chimney-shafts go through the centre of the tanks. Each tower furnishes hut one jet of w ater, which on a calm day will reach the altitude of from 220 to 240 feet. Mains connected with the water-towers are laid in the Palace itself, which, in case of fire, could throw a jet of water to the top of the centre transept. When finished, the towers will bo decorated similar to the Palace, in blue and white. Mr. I E. Branel was the engineer, and Mr. J. P. Ashton, of the firm of Fox, Henderson, and Co., the contractor*s superintended the erection of the towers.- Builder. A THoROTUGnARE Nonni Ainm SouF.-A line drawn southward from Lincoln's-inn-fields, on the west side, would cut the dens of Clare market and street, V ere-street, Duke-street, and other defiles, and issue out not far from the front of Somerset-house, byINewcastle-street, eastward of St. MarTs-le-Strard. A, little violence might be done to the end of the venerable, stac?k of Holywell-street, one Louse at the end of wlvhi, block sheuld come down, to make an approprate openizg' and, in oontinuation, large clearan-e5 shouldbemadetbrenb Clare-mnarket, and the vicinal heaps of dingy houses, wbii seem to have been accidentallyy zanged as a sort of maze to amuse the special pleaders who tormerly occupied Nagw-izn, Lyon's-inn, and all the otheor ins as well as outnof the region. T'he great traverse-staeet (suppose we cal].Lit lincoin-street) would issue inteJolborn, and, hearing northward, come on to King-street and by Southa'wtollrow, and afterwards Seymour-street, into liampstenj,2od, and so straight from the Strad for a distance of nearly three Imiles. ~The short interval between Orangc.stieat and lbIoborn (about 300 feet) sioulld be opened respwtaly, so as to, form a grand street, srassed by none otl>,, having in itA course Russell-square and Lincoln's-inn-fi'4s. as vents, audi Oxford-street and the New-road as travezs v- but, in faot, the way is made already, as will be sees,byreference to, tho. map; it needs oly to be opened out aad connected at. thte intervals described. Such a plan as tis,-so easilyelrted, comparatively so inexpensive, offexing to the largAl munic4palized congregation of eart% easements anu4 facilities hardly to be caiculated, would aet as a ventilating duct, while it would give scope to free intercommunication. It i uay have occurred to mazy.-The Builder. ERA x.-OOxrOrwD, May 29.-The name of Mr. William Sanders, ZA, of Mfagdalen College, was acciden. taUy omitted in ou.r li5t of degrees oonterred on Wedwesday tlst.
MONEy-1MARKETandcITYINTBLLIGECE. Friday Evening, The Chancellor of the Exchequer has given noitice withregard to the payment or:reliewal of the Exchequer-bills dated. in-June and August, 1855. They are to be sent in on or before the 9th of June, snd new bills wil be issued bearing the same rate of interest-namely, 2d. per day, or 31. I6s. (*d. per annum. As they have fated at this mnterest during the seven-month5 in which the Bank rates of discount have been 6 and -'7 per cent. there can be no doubt it will now prove ample to maintain them in the market when the Bank rate is 5 per cent., vwith a prospect of being lower long before the term at whichtthe inew bills will expire. The English funds to-day have experienced a slight further decine, -the aspect of the Armerican question preventing the continued buoyancy which, it is believed, wrould, under other circumstances, have been manifested. Consols for money opened at the closing price of last evening-namely, 944 to g, whence they receded to 944. There was then a slight recovery, and the finaltransactions were at 944 to 4. For the account on the 10th of July the latest quotation was 954 to i, or 934 to Zs ex. dividend. The scrip of the new loan left off at 2 to i premium. Bank Stock was quoted 216 to 2174; Reduced, 934 to i; New Three per Cents., 941 to I ; Annuities, 30 years, 174-; India Stock, 233 to 236; India-bonds, 2s. discount to 2s. premium ; and Exchequer-bills (March) 2s. to 5s. premium, (June) Is. discount to Is. premium. The discount houses have given notice that their rate for money at call will be 41 per cent., being a reduction of I per cent. In consequence of the repayment of advances falling due at the Bank to-day money was in demand in the Stock Exchange, but was readily supplied at 5 per cent. In the discount market there was little inquiry, andc the terms were a fraction below those of the Bank. Foreign securities were less active to-day, and the transactions were generaly uninmportant. Turkish Sx per Cents., for monev, were purchased at 99 and 994., i, and 4 for the account. The Four per Cents. Guaranteed were dealt in at ] 031 for money, and 103i and i for the account; Brazilian Five per Cents. New, 98 ; M1exican, for account, 23-,& and j; Sardinian Five per Cents., 95, 941, and 44; Spanish Three per C5ents., 47; Spanish Certificate3, 6S- and ;; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 652. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon bills were rather more in demand, and the rates were a shade lower than last pest. The corn-market this morning was again dull, at former prices. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a fair extent of busine*s, without any -material alteration. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 74f. 80c. for money and 74f. 85c. for the account, showing a decline of an eighth or a quarter rer cent. The telegraphic advices fromi China to-day are to the 15th of April, and describe a renewed rise in the exchanges, which will again stimulate silver shipments from this side. Tle quotation had advanced at Canton from 4s. 11d, to 5s., and at Shanghai from 6s. 4d. to 6s. 6d. Nearly the entire fall reported by the previous mail has therefore been recovered. The exports of tea to date had reached 74,O00,OOOlb., while of silk they had been 38,700 bales. The export business was active, and 7,000 bales of silk had been settled at inuth higher prices. The advices from Lisbon to-day state that the financial proposals of the Government were making satisfactory progress. M. Prost, of Paris, whose attempt to urgae his private schemet of profit without regard to the just interests of the various capitalists of Europe was mentioned in The Times of MIonday, had quitted w;ithout arriving at any re*sult. When Mi. Frost .ubmitted his offer, the Minister of Finance objected that it was complex, and stated that he desired proposals solely with reference to a loan-the subject now under discussion in the Chambers. 31. Prost,is said to have replied, that he was not prepared to make any of that character unless he could be informed of those alrtady nade by the Cr6dit Bobilier. The Minister declined to give this information, simply obserxing that he was prepared to receive any tenders which might be presented, and which might appear most advantageous for the country. It is added, that there appears to be no doubt the Chambers will grant the Ministrv ample power to treat for the loan in whatever manner they may deem best. A report prevailed that the proposals made from London by 31es&-rs. Thornton, Devaux, &c., have been withdrawn. At a meeting of the Magdalena Steam Navigation Company, held to-day, Mr. J. D). Powles presiding, the report and accounts were adopted. It was stated that the difficulties of navigating the river MIagdalena have been of a complicated character, causing frequent accidents and impediments in working the steamers. The result has consequently been unfavourable, the outstanding liabilities amounting to 21,6S0l. The property consists of the three steamers, which cost 51,5981., wharves, stores, (c. The total claims against the company would have been much reduced had the calls on the shares been Dunctually paid. Every precaution, it is alleged, was taken to arrive at data to ascertain the traflic which the river carriage would produce, and in this respect the calculations have not proved unfounided. It is now proposed to have the steamers home, with the view of negotiating their sale, and the directors are empowered to take, if necessary, tho preliminary steps for realizing the assets, and windinm up. In answer to questions, it was menticned that the directors are interested to the extent of half the share capital. In the colonial produce-markets during the week the amount of business has been small, owing to the holydays. For some articles a fair demand has prevailed and better prices are quoted. Suaar has been in very good request. The sales on Tuesday and to-day passed off with activity, nearly all having been disposed of at rates fully 6d. above those previously current. The speculators are again begin- ing to come forward, and the trade buy very freely. Privately also there has been a good inquiry for floating cargoes of Havannah, and four are reported-one, of white, for St. Petersburg, one for the Mrediterranean, one for the united kingdom, and -one the particulars of which have not transpired. In the tea-market likewise an improved feeling has been manifested, the black leaf descriptions of congou being sought, while other kinds are also firmer; comnmon congou is now at 9d. and 94-d. per lb. In rice large transactions have taken place, both afloat and on the spot, and rates 3d. to (d. per cwt. higher have been paid. A cargo of Arracan, one of Moulmein, and one of Ballam, have been disposed of, all afloat. The coffee-market iS quiet at Iformer quotations. Saltpetre continues dull, and a further fall of about Is. to Is. 6d. per cwt. has been accented. Thie return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 24th of May gives the following results, when comparedwith the previous week:Public deposits ... .3,535,203...Increase £543,247 Shtlier deposits ... ... 11,47241...Decremse 878,616 :Rest ... ... ... 3,254,763...Increase 7,800 On the other side of the account - Government securities ... £12.479.416, the same as before. Other securities ... ... 15,377,046...IDecrease 1,333,766 Notes unemployed ... 5,081,960...Increase 945,285 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,331,9151., being a decrease of 205,0251.; and the stock of bullion In both departments is 10,558,804'., showing an increa6e of 756,9391., when compared with the preceding return.
EXCHEQUBR-BILLS. (From the London Gazaec of Friday, May 30.) Office of Her Majeety's Paymaster-General, Whitehall, May 30. The Exchequer-biUs, dated in the months of June and August, 1855 (per acts 18th Victoria, cap. 8, and 18th and 19th Yictoria, cap. 130, anno 1855), with the interest due thereon, will be paid off on the 17th of June, 1856, when the interest dill cease. Such bils wiU be received at this office daily,I from half-past 10 till 3 o'clock, nntil the 9th day of June inclusive. * Printed forms, containing instructions for the preparation of the lists and the arrangement of the bils, nmay be obtained on application at this office. The bearers must endorse each bill with their usual signatures, and they must insert their names and addresses in each list; and where the names of holders are inserted in the bills the indorsements of such holders must also be obtained previously to their lists and biUs being left for exanination. New biUs, bearing interest at the rate of 2Ad. by the day upon every 1001., and dated the said 17th day of June, 1856, may be obtained in payment of the principal of the whole, or part, of the Exchequer-bills issued under the act abovementioned, on the claimants specifying in their lists the amount of new bills required by them. * The new bills, together with the interest on the bills left on or before the said 9th day of June for exchange, will be issued on the 18th day of June, 1856; the bearers must attend at this office to sign receipts for the payment of principal and interest. Payment in money may be obtained at this office for any of the said Exchequer-bills previously to the said 17th day of June, 1856, upon the claimants leaving the bills for examination one day prior to that on wlhich such payment is desired. N.B. All Exchequer-bills dated prior to June, 1855, have been previously advertised to be paid off;
THE CORV TBADE. CORN-EXCHMNGE:. 1F=D&AY. MAY 30. The arrivals have been on the whole moderate, but the interruption to business through the festivities connected with the celebration of pesce and the races has been considerable. Trado consequently has heen slack, and prices for wheat show a sUght tendency to decline. Barley and oatsremain firm. ARRTVtSt xsuuz *n , n2 u lacks; loreigo, 1,bw sacks anax 4,070 barrelh. WAKEFIELD, MEAY 30. Since lnst Friday a great dceal of rain has falen. The growing crops generaUy look s weUl as could be desired, but fino dry weather is now wanted. The wheat trade is slow to-dayat barely the rates of last week. In barley no material cbange. English beans and oats scarce, and for each rather higher rates are realizedL Sheling fuly as dear. Cld. New. Wheat per quarter of S buaheIs, 60b.- . X r. IL Essex, Suffolk, and Kent, white .. 72 to 76 71 to 75 Red . . .. 67- 71 65-70 Norfolk and Cambridge, white .. 69 - 73 67-72 Red .66 70 61-67 Lincolnshireandyorkshire,white .. 69 - 73 67-72 Red .66 7 61-67 Dantaie and Konigsberg .69 - 74 - - BalticandB;auburg, red.. 63 - 67 - - Barley, per quarter of S bushels.- Norfotkannd SuffolklImperial .. . . - - - 41-42 Yorkshire and Linoinhire, 561i,. per bushel. - 4 - 44 Danish (561b. per buishel). - - 36 - 39 Grinding (52j1b. per bushel) .. - - - 33 - 34 Beans, per quarter ofS bushels, 631b.- Enghsb, old. 46- 47 to 49 New .. 42 45 Foreign, new:42 - 42 to 43 Egyptiar , . ... 34- 35 Oat, perstone- Englsh .121d.-13M. . 14d. Scotch..ld. --i4d. x4jd. Sheling, perload of 2611b,.33 -1.34 - Malt, per load of six iniperial bushels 5. 4 - 56 AVERSGE PIMC~ FoR THE WI= IMDMnC 1,rs9 1R len LIVERlPOOI, M'AY 30. The arrivals from Ireland and coastwise since Tuesday have been quite insignificant, and from foreign ports we have only received 2,440 quarters of wheat, 740 quarters of beans, 3,750 quarters of Indian corn, and 3,640 sacks of flour, besides 747 quarters of wheat from Canada. Tne exports in thesame time comprise818 quarters of wheat, 6.S91 quarters of indian corn, and 344 sacxs and 1,657 barrels of flour. Owing to the intervention of the public holyday yesterday there has been little ornothing (loing since Tuesday, and in the absence of bu3snses prices remain nominally without change. At this day's market there was a smna' attendance of the town and couDtry trade, and the demand for wheat and flour was quite in retail at about the rates of Tuesday. Oats and oatmeal, with a good inc1uiry. fully maintained their value. Barley, beans. and peas sold slowvy at our last quotations. Indian com was not much inquired for. .nd above 28s. 6. per quarter was not obtainable for best yellow and nixed. Prime white was sold at 29s. per quarter.
METROPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKET, May 30. The trade today was slow for mjutton, aeverthelas sheeP made a little more moneY. Bee sold readily at an advance of from 2d. to 4d. per stone. Veal and lamb were both dull, at a reduction of 2d. per stone.
LIVERPOOL COTTON-AfARKET. T.TV.tPIUIfT. Alr 2n ialeL-This wveek, 40,410; total this year, 1,299,600; same period in Inperte(-This wveek. 49.220; total thin year, *,2T0,C60; same period In 1S05, 1,031,177;- total imnported in 1855. 2,143,301. Erported.-Th;s year. 81,422; same period in 1055, 81,422. Computed Stoes.-Ths day. 697,500; same period in 185, 530,930. Taken for Consuinption.-Thia year, 923,300; same period in 1855, Wae& Taken on speculation this year .281.666 Same; 18S5 .. .. .. 524,95 Stock in Liverpool, December 31, 1855 428810 Sae .184551,340 Increase of import this year, compared with the same date last year .178,883 Increase of export. 9,014 Increase of stock.166,570 Increase of quantity taken forconsumption .. .. ilS,T00 The demand for cotton during the past veek has been only to a limited oxtent, except for Surat.and, though there has been no absolute preRqure to sell, stocks are freely otfered, and, the Market being tame and fiat, a concession has pretty generally been made to effrect sales ; lut, ow-ing to the reduced rate of interest by the Bank, there is to-day a more healthy feeling in the market, and we close withoutchange from Friday inst. In Sea Islands a moderate business only has been done, and conmmon kinds are rather lower. Egyptians have been neglected, 2d prices are a pomnt lower. Brazils are unchanged iu value, and there is but little demand for them. There has been a very fAir amount of buiness done in Surat daily, and prices are unchanged, 3,180 American. 40 Egyptian_ and 180 Snrat are reported on speculation;* and S30 American, 60 rernam, and 3,050t Surat for exrport. To-day wve have a more general demand, and cotton is more readily saleable at our quLot'ations: the sales are 8,000 bales, chiefly American, one fourth speculation and export.~f
THE CONVICT PALM3R.-TMIr. Hand, the UnderSheriff of the county of Stafford, has informed Major Salfoid, governor of the gaol, that the execution of William Palmer will take place on the morning of Saturday, the 14th of June, at 5 o'clock. The scaffold will be erected on the flat roof of the building forming the entrance to the prison. When Palmer arrived at Stafford on Tuesday night a considerable crowd had assembled to see him, but he waas quickly transferred by Mr. Weatherlhead and his assistants to a carriage which was in waiting, and in 10 minutes he was insde the cell allotted to him. Since then his behaviour has been much the same as before his trial. Two of the prison officers are constantly in his cell, and when he does enter mto conversation with them the purport of his remarks has chiefly reference to a probability of his sentence being remitted. He is as collected and iulmoved as ever, and evinces cheerfulness and serenity. Up to yesterday none of his friends had applied for permission to see him.- Glo6e. RETxmiDuTin-o.-A Dutch journal contains the following singular account of the escape of a woman of Zevenhuizen from being poisoned by her husband, and of the prompt chastisement of the latter. A man, whose name is not given, availed himself of the opportunity of his wife's quitting the diniDg table for soshe domestic purpose, and rapidly mixed poison in the plate of soup which she had commenced eating. At the moment the wife returned and re-seated herself the husband rose and quitted the apartment, nnder pretext of having forgotten something necessary. The wife, upon this, was about to recommence eating, but, on so doing, she discovered a spider on her plate, and, having great repugnance to these insects, she changed herplate for that of her husband, who returned immediately after, sat himself do^vn, and, seeing that his wife bad nearly finished her portion, ate from the plate before him. In the course of a fewv hours he began to feel the effects of the poison, and, althogh medicalaid wasinstantly called in, died, confessing-that he was justlypunished for his own intended crime. FRE UAND Loss oF Twvo LIvEs.-Yesterday morning, shortly after 12 o'clock, a fire broke out in the house of Mr. Mitchner, sen., blind and packingcasemaker, St.Anne'scourt, Soho (ranning from Dean-street into Wardour-street), and which was not subdued until two lives had been sacrificed. The house is in the'joint occupation of five families, namely-MIr. Mitchner, sen., Messrs. Mitchner and Son, on the first floor; Mr. Mitchner, jun., and wife on the second floor front; Wilis and wife, second floor back ; Mr. and M1rs. Dobbinson, front attic; Mr. and Mrs. Bowler and three children in the back attic. Smoke was observed issuing from the back of the premises rhen the alarm was raised, and with as little delay as possible the London Fire Brigade engines from Wells-street, Kingstreet, Rec'ent-street, and Crown-street arrived, followed by the Soyal Eociety's escape from O.ford-street. By this time the room of R. Bowler (back attic) was in one mass of fire. Mr. Paul Gerrard, the district foreman, rushed throngh the smoke, foUowed by Stephen Martin, No. 33 fireman of the London Brigade, when they succeeded in entering the room of Mr. Dobbinson, who is blind, and who was nearly suffocated. With considerable risk of their own lives they brought him out. Shortly after the flames burst through the roof. With a good supply of water the engines got to work in an admirable manner, and tho fire was soon subdued. The moment the ruins were sufficiently cooled Martin, the fireman and engineer, went in search of the persons wrho wrere known to have perished, when the remains of Elisa Bow-ler, aged five years, and George Bowler, aged three years, were found. The cause of the fire is unknown. The remainder of the inmates of the house wrere out looking at tho fireworks.-lobc.
BAL WAY AND MINING SH ARES, Friday Evening. The railway-market was steady at the commencement of business, but, sales subsequently increasing, prices closed rather lower. Indian and French de- I scriptions presented little variation, although quo. tations were less buoyant. Australian land and, banking shares exhibited steadiness, but the trans- ! actions generally were limited. Mining securities showed no important change. The shares of the new undertakingas in some cases left off at a slight decline. Ottoman Banl, 10 to i pm.; Bank of Egypt, i to i pm.; National Discount Company, i dis. to par; Riga Railway, 1 to i pm.; Lom- I bardo-Yenetian, 5* to 6 pm.; WVestern Bank of London, 5 to 4 dis.; London and Paris, 3i to 24 dis.; and Alliance Bank, 2 to 1 dis.
A " SHA YE' FROM THE CAMP. A letter from our correspondent in,the Crimea of the 20th of November last, published in !Die Tiies of the 4th of December, contained, among many other matters, a statement concerning the agent of a celebrated military tailor in London, who, it 'was said, had been flogged at Balalkava by order of the Provost-larshaL The story passed without comment from any quarter fnntl April last, when we received a letter from the solicitor of a person who alleged that he was the individual pointed at by our correspondent, and that there was no truth whatever in sis tatement. We immediately wrote to the Crimea to have the matter inquired into, and we received late on Thursday afternoon a reply confirming the denial of the person in question. We ,reatly regret having been the instrument of promulgating what now appears to have been a fabrication, and we are happy to make this public repa. zation at the earliest possible opportunit,v.
INDIAN COMMBECZ. TO THE EDrrOIg OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Having lately returned from India, where I have been engagged in commercial pursuits, I cannot permit to go uncontradicted certain remarks made by " 1 Retired Indian Civilian" in a letter which has appeared in this morning's Times. He states that " India, then, is at present struggling to supply herself with a sufficient amount of bulion to bring the currency into a healthy normal state. To do this she is compelled to make heavy sacrifices. Prices are kept at a low staudard, and in consequence she has to give a proportionately large share of her productions to obtain the requhilte supply of bullion." Now look at facts. The exports from Calcutta to Great Britain of aU the important staples have been steadily increasing in extent and value. Take, for instance, those articles which the war brought into prominent notice-rice. seeds, jute, wheat, &c., and see how the case stands with them:- Average value per Average Averae ranuane, au, vue in 1545. Company's 1S50. Cemapn,y's 1855. Coxu.'s Mtmads. Rupee. Bupees. Rupees. Of-seeds .. 150.000 at 2 e S93.000 .. 2 8 . 3,273,033 a; 4 6 Of rice 659,000 -e 12 .e .. .ee .. 2 o.. 2,498.,98-3 0 Of jute ..278,000 -2 0.. 498,000 .. 2 4 66,24323-212 ' Of -wheat I cannot -give the exact figures. It was unknown as an article of export to Great Britain a few years ago. Last year I estimate the export of it at 250,000 quarters, or an aggregate value of 50,00,000 Company's rupees. I quote the above articles, as any increase in the value and export of them goes more immediately and directly to the pockets of the ryot. In the case of silk, indigo, sugar, &c., the profit:goes chiefly to the European or wealtby Zemindar. 150,000 maunds of seed, in 1845, at Company' rupees 2, is eqivalecit to 300,000 Company's rupees. 3,273,000 maunds of seed, in 1855, at Company's rupees 4 6 is equivalent to 14,314,820 Company's rupees. ! ' Do these figures involve a " heavy sacrifice to India," or show that "'>rices are kept at a&low standard ?' It is unnecessary to institute a comiparison with the other articles ; but let me name one other fact illustrative of the industrial progress of India. Arracan was unknown a few years ago as a rice-producing country, and no further back than 1852 prices were at 20 to 30 Company's rupees per 100 baskets. Well, then, last year prices averaged 50 Company's rupees and the exports 168,892 tons, or au aggregate value of 800,000L. This year prices are at 60 to 70 Company's rupees, and the exports wffll probably amount to 200,000 tons, or an aggregate value of 1,200,OOOt. sterling. That surely is a strange mode of impoverishing a country and of depressing prices. The fact is, India was suddenly called upon to furnish substitutes for Russian produce, and responded to the demand to anu extent which few were prepared for. The currency of the country was insufficient to meet the increased demand at the enhanced prices, and exchange accordingly advanced to 2s. 2d. to %s. 3d. per Company's rupee. These rates showed a handsome profit on the cost of silver here, and hence the enormous export of specie to the East. The imports of British manufacture into India are steadily increasing, and it is simply absurd to talk of their having " now reached an apparent limit." They are certain to be doubled in ten years, if the lines of railway now inrcourse of construction are speedily finished. The Marqtuis of Dalhousie has inaugurated a career of prosperity for India -which can only be checked by future misgovernment, or by undue interference in its internal affairs by the Imperial Parliament. The people of India are better fed-far better than the masses in Europe-acid are better clothed than they ever were before, simply because employment is more abundant and better remunerated. The day has gone by when a cooley was content with his 2 annas per day. ." A Retired Indian Civilian" is apparently ignorant of these things, and I therefore suppose he must have "retired" many years ago. I have not touched upon the abstract principle in dispute between your correspondent and Colonel Sykes. I have merely stated facts within mv umowledml' May 29. MERCATOR.
TaE PUBILIC LILSRA-IEs AcT.-Returns have been made to Parliament, on the motion of Mr. Ewart, M.P., relative to the establishment or rejection oE free public libraries. We select a few of the principal places and the results of the attempt to form such libraries nuder the act of Parliament. It will hardly be believed that at Birmingham a proposal to form a public library in 1S52 was lost on a pol by a large majority, although the townclerk has neglected to take account of the numbers polled. At most other places the enemies of literature have been left in contemptible minorities. Thus, at Bolton, 662 to 55 votes determined the formation of a library; there is a "reference" and a " lendig" library, including about 15,000 volumes, the number of volumes issued being about 36,000 a-year in the one and 60,000 in the other. The general results -of the establishment of this library have been " most satisfactory." AtCambridgetheactwasadoptedby873to 78. The number of volumes in the library is 1,S03, and the number of readers between the 28th of June, 1855, and the 26th of April, 1S56, was 14,000. At Cheltenham, although two clergymeen moved and seconded the motion for a public library, it was not supported by the necessary majority, two-thirds of the meeting. At Exeter the enemies of enlightenment prevailed by a majority of 853 to 118. At Hlertford, on the other hand, they were reduced to a wretched minority of 4. At Islington, last. November, it was resolved, by a show of hands, not to adopt the act for ihe present in the parish of St. Mary's, the ground alleged being " inexpediency." At Kidderminster 103 to 11 votes determined the formation of a library; a large majority of the readers are young artisans between 14 and 30 years of age. exceedingly well-conducted, and displaying a sound and healthy literaty taste. The improving effect of the library is already noted by the towvn-clerk. At Livernool there is a library of 32,000 volumes, established under a special act, the circulation in the lending library being 5,000 volumes per week. The rate for the year 1855 waS 841-1000 of a penny, producing 5.193g. for the support of the libraries, museum, and Botanic Gardens. The result is " satisfactory beyond all expectation." A new library and museum are projected at a cost of 40,0001. The city or London, like Birmingham, enjoys the exceptional and unenviable distinction of rejecting this useful means of diffusing knowledge among the lower orders. At a meeting held at the Mansion-house on the memorable 5th of Novenber (1855) the "previous question"wasmoved as an amendment and carried (in the negative) by a majority of more than two-thirds of the meeting. At MUanchester 40persons feebly opposed a imajority of 3,962, by which the act was formaly adopted. The total number of volumes is 32,15), and the aggregate issues from the lending and reference departments for 3 2-3 years have been 537,553 volumes. The sum raised by subscription for theformationof the lbrary was 12,S231., and the yearly amount of rate (under the original limit: of one halfpenny in the pound) is 1,920R. At Norwich the act was adopted by 150 to 7 votes. Enlightened Oxford adopted it bv 596 to 72 (in June, 1854). The number of volumes is about 4,000, and the books issued to readers are 26,000 volumes annually. The success of the measure at Oxford has been most signaL During the two years since the establishment of the libra.ry 235,000 persons have visited it, and the greatest <,raer and decorum have prevailed. Ten London daily newspapers are taken in, with manifest advantage, but these are not allowed to be read on Srnday evenings, when the library is open from 6 to 10 p.m., without. it appearS, any injury to the morals of tho students. Salford possesses a good library, and the number of volumes issued to readers lastyear wa3S 76,397 (from the reference library), and 40,060 (from the lendig library); the number of readers was 115,843. The imnproved taste of the readers between 1850 andl855 is mademanifest bythedeclineinthe demand for works of fiction, which has fallen from 1,931 to 720, while the demand for more classical works has increased from 1,069 to 2,230. The total number of books issued from both libraries in six years was 2S9,490, and 1,585,359 persons have visited the museum. The act v.as adopted at Sheffield by 883 to 232, and the results have hitherto been "'most cheering and satisfactory." At Warrin"ton there are a museum and library combined, to which there were 11,078 visitors in 1854-55. A new museum is in course of erection, the site of which is kindly given by Mr. Wilson Patten, ALP. In the small cathedral city of Winchester 337 inhabitants were in favour of a library, and 13 only against it. The library, however, is but limited, and the city is too small to support both that and the museum effectuaaly. It may be stated generaUy that the result of the formation of libraries :n the provinces has invariably been more or less satisfactory. AwFru TwiH rsnsTogNr.-The following is an extract from a letter dated Strabane, May 27:-" One of the most fearful occurrences which ever took place in this county happened near Kileter on Sunday evemng last, two men being instantaneously deprived of life by a flash of lightnir,g. It appears that a number of persors were gathered at the house of one of the deceased about 7 o'clock in the evening, their object being to hear the contents of a letter froma friend in Astralia. The party went out to the door, the bettertosee the writing, as the evening was dark andeloudy. While there the thunderstorm, which had been gathering for some time previously, greatly increased in violence, and flashes of lightning succeeded each other with terrible rapidity. Fearful to relate, the electric fluid stnsck the poor man who was reading the letter, as well as an unfortunate companion at his side, killing both on the spoL Everybody in the house at the time was more or less injured, and one woman remained insensible for some hours. A doglying at the litchen fire was torn to pieces by the same stroke:of ightning, and the building itself bears evident marke of th visitation. The bodies of the two ment did not, so far asI harelearned, present any external indications of having been struck by the lightning. As might have been expected, this terrific nsitation has created a profound sensation in the district. The decesad -wore respeqtiveIy named M'Eoy and M'Gninnegs,"
NA VAL.AND MILITARY lATELLIGYNAOUB.-. Her Majesty's ships Czesar, Q1, Captain Robb, and yj tici 81, Captain Hope, CaB, left SpitheadonThursday nigEt for the Crimea, to bring home troops. . - - Her Majesty's ship Dauntless, 24, Captain Ryder, arrivel:, at Spithead yesterday morning from the Mediteranrxn . sthtion, and is ordered into harbour. She left _Malta 3Ia 8th, Algiers 13th, Gibraltar 18th, and Vigo the 23. She brought home Dr. Woodman, of the 33th Pegiment, MjorMAyne and 182 men of the Land Transport Corps, and 66 men of the 9th Regiment. Her Majesty's ship Sanspareil, 71, Captain _A C. yey,C.B., left Spithead yesterday for the Crimea, to bring homa troops. Her Majesty's ship Pearl, 21, Captain Sothebv, left Spi'head yesterday on a cruise. The steam-transports Clyde and W. S. Lindsay went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday to land the troops before reported. The East Indiaman Herefordshire, Captain W. P. Steven. son, -which sailed from Woolwich for Gibraltar on the 3d inst., has returned to Voolwich and landed the officers, non. commissioned officers, and privates compaeiug Capta'i Christie's and Captain Yourn.hnsband's companies, relieved byMfajor Biddulph's and CaptainInglefieldTs companies. The Herefordshire when off Cape St. Vincent, on the 21st inst., spoke the Dntch bark Joan Mitchion. Mr. Fergusson, the owner, has received instructions to hold the Herefordshire in readiness to proceed to Balaklava. for the embarcation of troops for England. The steam-transport Pacific, 1,500 tons, W. C. Thompson commander, arrived at Spezzia on the 22nd instant, in,4 days 22 hours, from Constantinople, with 800 Sardinian troops, tal;en on board at Balaklav3. A large number of naval volunteers were forwardedfrorm Liverpool to London yesterday. Captain H. E. E. Burnside, 61st Regiment, having qualified himself at the school of musketry, Hythe, as an instructor in the use of the Enfield rifle, has been ordered to proceed from Chatham to India, vhere he will be ap. pointed an instructor in musketry to the troops. The foliowing appointments were made yesterday at the. Admiralty:- Captain James Avlmer Paynter, to the Brilliant; Com. mander C. H. Scott. to the Coastguard service- Com. mander H. P. De Kantzow, to the Brunswick- Henay William Inglis, Master to the Centurion; W. H. T. Green, MIaster to the Geyser; Richd. J. N. Peaise, Second Master to the Cressy; John Molloy, Second Master to the Columbia - Frederick Harvey, Surgeon to the Hogue; W. G. Golden,Surgeon to the Msgicienne; B. W. Bax, Midshipman to thes Niger; FrL IL AL Molyneux, Midshipman to the Bulldog; DD. . Fremantle, Naval Cadet (supernumerary for disposal) to the Royal Albert; A.P. i LLake and G. G. Hunt, Naval Cadets to the Niger. TEHE MITIA. The Royal Lancashire Militia Artillery, which havo been stationed at the North Battery, Liverpool, were disem. bodied yesterday. The Royal Sherwood Foresters have arrived from Ireland at their head-quarters, Newark.
THE WELLINGTON COLLEGE. Extensive preparations are in progress for the ceremony of laying the furst stone of this noble institntion by Her MEajesty on lionday nest. The area of the building has been enclosed and fitted up with seats, and a pavilion erected at the sonth end for the use of the Queen. A large working party of soldiers from Aldershott has also beenactively employedin preparingthe ground and malting arrangements for the review, which the military authorities are -using every exertion to render as effective as possible. Refreshment tents' have been erected, and the supply in. trusted to Messrs. Staples, of the Crystal Palace, who have inidertaken to make ample provision for the comfort and accommodation of visitors. Nimnerons applications have been received for tick-ets, and, from the -warm interest which Her lMajesty and the Prince Consort and aU classes of the public have evinced in the progress of the institution, it is expected that the inauguration of this noble monument to the memory of the great Duke and for the education of orphan sons of the aUllant men who have fallen in their country's service wItake place under auspices the most favourable for its future usefulness aud well-being.
VTICOBIA PABK. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I trust you will allow em the medium of your colnmns to expose a disgraceful scene which took place yesterday. My foreman, a respectable young man about 25, was walking in Victoria Park about half-past o, when he saw a mob of some hundred boys, many of them old enough to bemen, hunting a poor helpless girl about it. Her dress bad been torn from her person and her under clothing was being lacerated, bit by bit, by her pursuers; in that state she was running before them, crying out for help. That. feeling: which prompts any man who is not a coward to protect-the weak, particularly a woman, caused C. H- to interfere in herbehalf,and,ith theassistanceof anotherbystander, be succeeded in rescuing her from their hands. But the hunt was not to be ended there; instead of the helpless girl, it was now the man who had protected her who was to be their game. Round him there stood a savage multitude, every minute increasing, hissing, groaning, shouting. For some time they followed him; ha tried to get away, he tried to speak to them; the cries and hisses covered his voice; and, working themselves up by degrees, they began pelting him with stones and any missiles they could lay hold offi and knocked his hat over his eyes. He is a powerful man,-unugually so,-bat lie could not fight with a multitude, and those nearest to him were mostly mere boys; so he had no other resource but to take to his heels, and he began running about the park, followed by a mad multitude, calling him " thief," among other flattering epithets. His object was to find a park-keeper or a policeman, and place himself nnder his protoction; or, as he hadbeen called a thief, give himself in custody to see who would make such a charga against him. He could find neither keeper nor policeman, and then, almost frantic, he made off for the fencing of the. fireworks, and jumped over, inside the private area, thinking that, as there were representatives of authority, he would be sure to be protected. He applied to a policeman who was then on duty, told him the cause of his jumping over the fence, and begged to be detained, l nder any pretence, until the mob had dispersed. To this the policeman could not or would not assent, and C. H- was about to be expelled fiom the grounld when he sawv staring at him those very sarne faces that had hunted him before (the fact is they could see between the boards the way he went inside, and followed hibu in all his movements). Then he refused to go, and appealed to the superintendent of police. Same representation, same result-he must go, he must be delivered to the mob; and he is marched to the gate, followed outside by the raving multitude. Two or three times he tried to get lostin the crowd, but without success; and was obliged to come back to the police at the gate. " Take me to the station-house," said he to the policeman, " and if any one can say I am a thief let him come forward." " Come with me," said the policeman, and they proceeded for about 30 yards, when the policeman left him in the niiddle of the crowd, and he had no resource but to b again his mad zun, and, passing over the boundaries oftnle park, he was pursued by the lawless mob for nearly half a mile. Now, is not this utterly diqgraceful! If such be the fact, that so many brutes may be at one tinic collected together, how are there no means to keep them from harm! Some -ay thatthe police wvhen mixed with the people do more harm than good; but why are they not stationed in bodies in some place where assistance can he claimed from themx if needed? In this case they had no occasion to interfere with the people; the man who sought assistance was away from it, in their hands; they had only to detain him for a little while and the excitement would have subsided. What would the Police on the grounds have dune had a ma covered with wounds placed himself under their protection ?Would they have delivered him over again that hs might he altogether murdered? What did they know night he the consequence of this mad run? In fact, had some stones hurled at C. H-struck his head, instead oE his shoulders, be might have been knocked senseless on the ground. I mnst add that C. H- is a Frenchman, but as such he has as much right to the protection of the police as any of Her. Majestv's born lieges, and particularly when he incurred the wrath of the mob for performing the duty of any man who is not a covard. As a Frenchmnan, I place his case in your hands, for yon are kgrand redrcsseur de torls. I enelose mv card, and remain v- n-s - INDJGNTAS. May 30.
TO THE EDITOP OF THE TIMES Sir, I have to mention the nicety of the fIight of the parachute mortar light; two of the v=arachutes I picked up in my garden this morning, and two Ifound in Paddington Churchyard adjoining, eing forout of the 20 that vere discharged from Primnrose-ill, a distance of a mile and a half, and falling within 100 yards of each other. I remin2n. Si. vnnrc x V1T f.TA v 'AVT'Th- 3, lIanor-place, Paddinpton-green, 'May 30.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I beg to say that the pyrotechnic display last even. ing in and near the metropolis was plainly 6vsible with the naked eye from Tring-parl; lFrom four distinct positions a continnous display of rockets, I:c., ws observed by myself and others, we being aboult 30 miles from+te scene of operations. I am. &rc.. _ _ _ H .I Trin, lay 30.
[Advertisement].-A good cheap Pronoun0ngfDictionary i% required every one and tlAt want can now be uulied b3rProcuring " Dr. I all's W cs Dictionazy' (prioe 2i.), w 'ch conutain 2,000 new words that science. literature, or art hbve introdlced into ourlanuae. I-Talsoo Ot5 ainIntrodueti Prto cnl MrainrOrigin, Contactionf andt erivitiou of the Engia h Luage-pto . nunciatlon of the nit e iWtpor-ant European tanuagac French. G.ermzan. Dutch. Spanish. Swvedilh, Danish. ForStheie-rectionafor A ddreeaing ersora of PEnnk-4Chronolozical Tahie. fronm the Cmi tion to the ,prec-ent time. It iasin fact.aerrect tream of kcnowledge; The 24th thousand nowr read. vrice 2e.: or free l,pet for A.dvertnseneent.}-Art ExhibSitions of the SeMen and tfie Iioral Picturcs.-The "Art Journal," Ior Jnne, vrlc,e2a Gd. containr- Sc ~~~~~~~~~~~~ort and Herzing'a " The Quecuis X6meae." The engraxlnw from. wre 's "eigion cooling Jnatice,':by J. F,.lwarh iPt aL,o ermtie aric,lee onl the fdowoling aubiect :-" ,ritlch Axtiate their Style nDC Character-Xo. 15, It. }1, Haydon," iflustrated; "Ce!ni.Euneilei. Vniee," illustrated ; -" Dec idinstrl of the l4iddleAgev"by Peev.E. . Cnotts. illustrated: 5&.le of the Itogera CollocUouion;"Bntih4 Sctt itare, cc. l'irtue and. Co., 25. Iha~tegoe-rowr,
AXPPEALS. IrOUSE OF LOR1Tn Ar.,v ." Their Lordships sat this morning at half-past 10 o@clock for the purpose of hearing apoeals. DIXON AND ANOTIEM V. BON-ILL. Sir . Kelly and Mr. Rolt appeared for the appellants; and the Solicitor General, Mr. Anderson, and Mr. Bovill for the respondent. whis was an appeal fronn a decision of the Second Division of the Court of ssion in Scotland, and it arose out of the following cireumntinces:_ It appeared that Mr. William Di-on, one of the appellants, sold to Messrs. Smith and Son, of London, a parcel of iron of 1,000 tons, at the price of 2,2001., for which tlle latter gave a bil of exchange, dated the 26th of June, 1849, and payable the 28th of September of that year. That bill was received by Mr. Dixon, who in return granted a delivery note, dated the 29thof June, 1849, by wvhich he engaged to eeliver to the holder of the document the 1,000 tons of iron after the 25th of the following August. A similar transaction eubsequently took place between the parties, the only difference being that Messrs. Smith's second bill became due on the 13th of October, and the iron was to be delivered on the 10th of September. There were subEequent dealings between the parties, but they do not touch the present appeaL Smith and Son becaune insolvent and 'were unable to take up the bill for the first parcel of iron, and a commission of baDkruptcy was soon afterwards issued. In the meantime they had sold the delivery order for the 1,000 tons of iron to Messrs. BaDs and Son, who gave them bills which have since been paid. In consequence of .Messrs. Smith's insolvency and the bills not having been paid when due, the appellant, Mr. Dixon, refused to deliver the iron, whereupon Messrs. Balls took proceedings to enforce its delivery and to recover damnages for the delay. The Lord Ordinaryin his interlocution decided against Mr.)Dixon,who brought that decision under review of the Lords of the Second Division of the Court. Tl;e claim of Messrs. Bals was submitted by their lordships to a jury, but withdrawn before the verdict wvas given, and again decided against the appelant. The chief contention, on the part of the appellant, -was, that there was no stamp or endorsement upon the delivery note, which he, therefore, submitted was not sufficient to convey the right in the iron to Messrs. Bals. The reepondent, who was the suntiving trustee to fessrs. Balls's estate, argued, on the other han , that as the cause had been withdrawn from the jury by con,ent, and it was agreed that the Lords of the Second Division of the Court shouild try it, this House could not interfere. The argunments in this case were not concluded when the House adjourned.
LAW BEPORT. COuJRT OF CHANTCERY. LT-cotN's-pmN. -MAVR E-X PARTE TIIE ISCrt'BENT OF TIE PERPETUAL CURiCY OF GIJILDEX SUTTON, IN CllECHIBE, A-ND TLE RECTOB CF ST. BRIDGET'S, CHESTER, IN RE TIHE DIRKENHEAD, LANCASHIRE, .AND CHECSHIRE JUNUCMON RAWL-VAY COMPxANY. (Before the LoRns JrSTW.FS ew APPvv I. l I 3Mr. DART appeared in this appeal from a decision of ViceChancellor :Stuart on behalf of the company. It appeared that in 1S51 the companv purchased for 3201. an acre and a half of land, to wvhich the perpetual curate and rector were 3cintly entitled. The vendors petitioned for the investment of the money, and that the dividends might he paid to them, the company having paid it into court. The costs of the petition w-ere paid by the company, vwho also discharged the expense of a powver of attorney for the vendors to their London bankers to receive the dividends. In 1854 the curate died, and hissuccessor procured a fresh power of attorney for the reception of his share of the dividends, and, the company refusing to pay the costs of it, the Vice-Chancellor ordered them to do so, and they appealed. The learned counsel argued that the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act did not apply to such a case; and, secondly, that the question ought to have been brought before the Court by petitioss, and not by summons. r. Charles allal appeared in support of the Vice-Chancellor's decinon. Their LoRDaisPS considered the order of the Vice. Chancellor correct, and dismissed the appeal with costs.
ROLlS' COURT. CI 'C,RAvANT NfAtm IrARVEY V. SMITH. (Before tie ;ASTER of thPe ROI' I mne tacts of this case were somewhat peculiar, and should be known to persons purchasing houses. In the year 1839 a Mr. Willian Felton built the house No. 7, Halidn-street, Belgrave-square, and agreed with Mr. Thomas Cubitt that one of the walls of it should be. a party wall, and he built partly on the ground now occupied by No. 12, Lowndesstreet. In 1844 Ir. Cnbitt built this latter house, and two of the flues of No. 7, HalUn-street were made use of for two fireplaces in No. 12, Lowndes-street. In 1848 Mr. Felton granted a lease of the house in Halk-in.street to Lady flarrington, and, upon her death, her lease was assigned to Mr. Edwin Smith, a solicitor, and the present occuipier of the house. Up to the month of February, 1855, no objection seems to have been taken to the flues of the house in Halkin-street being used for the house in Lowndes-street; but on the 19th of that month Lady Wrottesley discovered " that the smoke which ought to have ascended the chimney in her butler's pantry refused to do so," and it was then discovered that Mr. Smith had caused the chimneypots at the top of the two flues in question to be blocked up. Upon this a correspondence ensued between Lady Wrottesley's solicitor and Mr. Smith, the former contendinm that the latter had purchased the assignment of his house subject to the condition of the two flues being used for the house in Lowndes-street, and the latter declining to admit that any one had a right "to make use of his house and his flues" without his consent. The issue of this correspondence was the present suit, which came before the Court on the 19th of March, 1855, when an interim injunction was granted against the defendant, and, on the case being argued on its merits to-day, HI:s Hox;oun: made adecree for such injunction to be made perpetual, on the groLnd that Mr. Smith must be held to have purchased his interest in the house in Halkinstreet with notice of the arrannement entered into between Mr. Cubitt and M1r. Felton in the year 1839; the defendant to pay the costs of the suit Mr. R. Palmer and Mr. Fielding N4alder appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Southgate for the defendant.
VOP-C9RAN(..T.OPR' rCATTPrqc Xr. - IN RE ThE PROTFSTANT =IFE ASSIMRlAN-EF. rAl-rA vV WBefore Vice-Chancellor Sir R. T RT\iw1?QTv I dr. wlasse and Mlr. W. W. Cooper applied on a former occasion for an order to wind up this company, when the matter was adverted to in nie Times, and on that occasion his Honour directed a reference to the Chief Clerk to incuire whether it would be for the benefit of the company tiat it should be wound up, and, the certificate being in the affirmative, Mr. GLASSE now again applied for the order. Mr. Ros-nunis, who appeared for certain of the shareholders. asked for the costs of these proceedings. The VICE-Cu-NcELLon made the order to wind up, and, with the consent of the petitioners, directed payment of the costs as asked. IN RE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHI COPsANY OF IRELA-NxD. 31r. GLASSE again referred to this matter, in which it will be recollected two petitions have been simultaneously presented in this court and at the Rolls, and read affidavits showin- the circumstances under whichthe facts occurred. Mlfr. Roxburgh appeared with Mfr. Glasso. Mr. SELVwYN appeared for the petitioner at Rolls, and stated that the petition at the Rolls was opposed, and stood over until to-morrow (this day) to file affidavits, which had been done, and it would come on. Mr. GLImSSE saggested that, it being necessary to have an order to wind up, it was immaterial where the order was made; and he was willig to have both petitions tansferred to the Lords Justices. I. that was refused, he asked for an adverse order. The VrcE-COAxcELLoR said that he thought he ought to make no order on this petition until the Master of the Rolls had dealt with it as he thoughit fit, and he need not say that be would concur in any suggestion for a transfer of both, saying nothingas to the superiority of jurisdiction. This decision was, of course, open to appeal.
COURT OF OTTlX',R 1RP.NflTh W-- or MOwEP.S A-ND ANOTIrET V TV- MM-TIx .sn I-l (Sittings in Banco, Lefore lord CATIPBELL and Just iCes COLERIDGE, ERLE. and CP.O.IPTON--) This wasa case stated for the opinion of this Court by the Judge of the County Court of Staffordshire. A plaint had been made in the County Court to recover back from the defendants, who were " butty colliers," a sum of money -which the plaintiffs, their employers, alleged they had overpaiLd. The defendants admitted they had been in one sense overnaid, but not so if certain deductions which had ibeen made by the plaintiffs were disallowed. These deductions were made in respect of candles supplied to the defendants to be used in 7vorkinp the coal, and also for the expense of sharpening the colliers' tools, and which deductions the defendants contended were ilegal under the Truck Act, the 1st and 2d William 1V., chap. 37. The Judge of the County Court held that a "butty colier," who contracted to do work and employed other work-men under him 'to work with him in getting the con], was an "artificer " unler tthe Truck Act, and so decided in favour of the deMr. KEEATfG, Q.C. (with whom was 31r. H. James), was heard for the plaintiff, and MIr. SCOTLAND (with whom was Mr. M. Ioyd) for the defendants. Lord CAnrDELL said that, in his opinion, the case was within the Truck Act if, according to the contract, the contractors were bound to givetheir personal labour, though they were to employ others to assist them. The Judge of the County Court had found as a fact that the defendants were bound to give their personal labour, but that would not be eonclusive if there was no evidence to support the finding. There was, however, evidence which showed that " butty coliers" were in the habit of working with the men whom they employed, and, under these circumstances, the Judge w-as justified in coming to the conclusion that they had 1Iound themselves by their contract to give their personal laboir. The mode in which the defendants were suppled with the articles in question clearly brought the case within the aet, and therefore the judgment of the Judge of the County Court must be affirmed. The other Judges were of the same opinion. Judgment afE-rmed. [Sittings at Nisi Prius, Westminster, before Mir. Jlstice WsIGonmX and a Special Jury.) SD5I3sO0S V. VAMNSITAnRT. Mr. Edv/in James and Mr. Lush were counsel for tle plaintfff, and Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Hawkins, and ME. Henniker for the defendant. This was an action brought by the plaintif an engineer, to recover a sum of money for snlary anid expenses which the plaintiff alleged were due to him, and for which the dTefendat was iuable as one of the directors of "the Bomkiy, Baroda, and Central India Bailway Company.", The, * deendant paid 1501. into court. The plaintiff had been -emloyd b th copan togo o .i'iiato survey a line for hisraiwayundr a ageemnt 'sdthe quaestiotn was wheter e ws enitld t mak ceaincharges extra. hiis salary.~~~~~~~~~~Tar The holecasewasa vey duladuntefestn far
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. WEsTiNsTEBx HAyso HICKMAN V. COX AND OTIERS. (Sittings in Banco,Trinity Term.) In this case, which was argued three days ago, the Court gave judgment to-day. The action was brought to recover the amounts of several bills of exchange, drawn by the Dlaintiff on the defendants, as trustees and managers of the Standard Iron Company, near Dudley, and accepted by one of the trustees lwho acted as manager. The question raised on the rule was, whether the defendants were liable as partners. The CouPT thouight the defendants had made themselves lable as partners. They agreed to carry on the business, and participated in its profits; and were bound by the acceptanee of one of their body. The rule must therefore be absolute. Rule accordingly. (Sittings at NVisi Prius, at Gztidlall.) The Court sat this morning at 10 o'clock, and three causes of no importance having been disposed of rose at 12 o'clock. The next sittings for Middlesex wiU commence on Tuesday, June 3; and for London, on Friday, June 6.
I COurT OF EXCHEQUER, FRIDAY, YAY 30. (Sittings in Banco.) The Court took the Oxford Circuit new trials, and disposed of two cases in it, neither of which presented any feature of interest. 3MB. BARON PLAr. We are happy to learn that the health of this learned and estimable judge is such asto admit of his resuming his seat, ithaviDg been announced that he would attend to-morrow for the purpose of disposing of the rules for newtrials in c ases tried before hint (Sittings at Niisi Prius, before Mr. Baron AIDERSON and Comizmon Juries.) RICHLARDS V. SIsUIL In this action the plaintiff sought to recover the swn of 341. 7s., as salary, for working as captain in the defendant's mine. Mr. Field appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Francis for the defendant. It appeared that the plaintiff in 1854 was possessed of a copper mine in Waterford, Ireland. The plaintiff had been engaged as captain of the mine, but his salary for the first three months had not been paid. He had brought this action to recover the amount. Several letters of the defendant admitting the claim w-ere put in evidence on the part of the plaintiff. The defence was, that a su-m of 8t. had been paid on account, which ought, therefore, to be deducted. The jury, however, returned a verdict for the amount claimed. This Court will sit on Monday next, at 11 o'clock, to dispose of the remaining causes on the list for trial.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Ba,%nqhalZ-srce4, May 30. IN' RE 1RERNTIA R nT1MET.- (Before Mr. Commi,>oner EvANs.) The bankrupt was an importer of foreign goods, of 9, Gould-square, and 16, John-street. His accounts commenced July 1, 1854, with a deficiency of 1,7921., and closed April 2, 1Si6, With debts 3,3i41.; assets about 4001. This was the exramination meeting. MIr. Chidley supported, and Mr. Potter appeared for the assignees. The bankrupt passed. (Before Mr. Cornnissioner FA?aE.) IN LE GEORGE PELL. The bankrupt was a scrivener, of Welford, Northamptonshire. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. iANKLATER, for the assignees, said they experienced the greatest possible pleasure in expressing their desire that the bankrnupt should receive a first-class certificate. He was happy in being able to state that the litigation which had been pending for a considerable time between the assignees and the Northamptonshire Banking Company had been brought to a conclusion satisfactory to the creditors and the interests of the estate. tinder an agreement of 1854 the bankrupt had covenanted to pay in certain instalments the sunm of 6,0001. as due by him to the company, the company retaining securities of adequate value; but the result was the company had given up the securities and abandoned all claim against the estate, by which a sum of 3,0001. had passed into the hands of the assignees. The Co3smsssioNxs_.-How did they get the 6,0001.? Mr. LLsmxTEP explained that the bank took securities for 24,0001. against a debt of 6,000L, and that the securities had been given up. The Co3 , iONER.-Mr. Pell was always willing to pay 6,000l., and take away the securities. Mr. LrcLANTER.-The securities were alleged to be held as against equal value, but the banking company denied this. The death of Mr. Spiller, the former manager of the company, was the occasion of the directors repudiating the agreement of November, 1854, under which the bankrupt was to pay over the sum of 6,0001., and this repudiation ledto litigation not only with theassignees andthe company, but with the sureties of the bankrupt and the company. The bankrupt had commenced his profession as a solicitor at Welford, in 1842, and opened an account with the bank. Having in 1846 obtained the confidence of a large connexion, he had become the solicitor for various railway companies, not projected, but promoted by him. The directors of the banking company, who evinced an interest in railways, manifested a readiness to assist him, and the result was that from the year 1845 to 1854 the transactions between the bankrupt and the banking company were represented by very large figures, and the arrangement was ultimately concluded by which the bankrupt was to pay the sum of 6,0001. The company eadeavoured to defend themselves against the acthon brought against them by the assignees, and affected not to be very well pleased either with the bankrunt or with these who represented the assignees. Bat the case was clear against them, and was one in which they might be supposed to have said, "We have no case; abuse the bankrupt's attorney. He (Mr. Linklater) cared not for their abuse, and so satisfied werethe company now of the rectitudeof thebankrupt'sconduct that they had addressed a letter to Mr. Lawrance, the bankrupt's solicitor, expressing their assent to the bankrupt receiving a first-class certificate. This was done with a grace that much became the occasion, and the bankrupt now asked for a first-class certificate. His debts were 1S,0001. the proof at present being under 10,0001. Already the assets had realized sufficient to pay 10s. in the pound, and no doubt was entertained but the creditors would ultimately be paid 20s. in the pound. Not a better evidence could be desired of the bankrupt's conduct than that gentlemen of the highest position in the country wished to restore him to the position he bad already occupied. The bankers had no doubt found that honesty was the best policy, and, if they had adhered to the agreement of 1854 with Mr. Spiller, they would have been several thousand pounds in pocket. Under the circumstances the assignees felt the greatestpossible pleasure in expressing a wish that the bankzrut should receive a certificato of the first class. Mr. Bunion, for the banking company, regretted that Mr. Linklater should have gratuitously employed the observation that honesty -was the best policy. It was only necessary for him to say that the company were not influenced in any degree by Mr. Spiller's death in the course they had pursued. The COeIBISSIOsFR said perhaps Mr. Linklater had made use of too strong terms in saving the directors discovered that honesty was the best policy; but, looking at the evidence given by Mr. Bell, he could not himself doubt for a moment but that the alleged agreement had taken place with Spiller. Perhaps the directors were not so- thoroughly cognizant of the facts as he was after hearig both parties. There was nothing uroagiinnthe conduct of the directors except that it had inflicted an injury upon the hank. Mr. LAtedrANCE said there was not the slightest intention to cast any imputation upon the directors. Two of them wer re gratly advanced in life- the CoaSaionwRhi-Andc as is usual in such cases, the younger and more active of the directors are trusted with the management of affairs. Mr. LgvhNcTb said the elosest relations had existed between the directors and his client for years, and he had no Wish to make a single observation in the form of complaint. Of creditors to the amount of 9,2001. S,0001. had joined in the recommendation which be held in his hands that the bankrupt should receive a first-class certificate, and that he might thereby ¢e able to resume his position without any imputation on his character or conduct. Heis Homorir-I have great pleasure indeed in awarding a certificate of the highest class to the bankrupt, for, independently of all that has been said to-day, I mave myself formed a very high opinion of the bankrupt's conduct from evidence of the clearest kind which has been elicited in-the course of this investigation. He showed that throughout his dif ficulties he had always endeavoued to meet then to the best of his ability. I have seen nothing in his conduct to findfault with; on the contrary, his conduct appears to me to merit great praise. I have therefore great pleasure in awarding him a first-class certificate. I may add, in reference to other observations, that, althougbl5lr. Liuldater, as the solicitor for the assignees, may have made use of strong words, I have not intended in the slightest degree to say a word against his conduct of the case for the assignees, which has been marked, not only by zeal, but by judgment. Mr. LKMLAIER.-If I had not been personally attacked by the banking company I should not have thought it worth while to say a Word on the subject of their conduct. A certificate of the first class was then awarded to the bankrupt. in RIE SA3snEL FOOT. The bankrupt was in partnership with David Murray and Henry Martin, as brewers, in Battersea-fields. Murray died in October, 1855, and Martin has left the country. The bankrupt's account conmmenced June 16, 1852, with a capital of 3,5311., and closed with unsecured creditors 4,7261., and assets about 8001. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. BisHoP, for the banlkrut, said he was from the country, and had brought with him 5,0001. of capitaL He was induced to put 1,6701. into the brewery. Murray had died insolvent, and Martinx had left the country, and, although the bankrupt had attended diligently to the business and drawn but little from it, he had been obliged to appear before this Court. Mr. C'aANCo, for the assignees, submitted that the bookkeeping had been bad, and that the bankrupt had traded when insolvent. The case could not be called one of unavoidable Ioss or misfortune, or one for a first class certificate. The CosrrssioXEx.-Every bankraut may be said to trade while insolvent. If he were not insolvent he would not come here. What do the words " unavoidable loss and misfortune " mean ? I should like to have a person selected *by Parliament to de&pe its mieaning of the words. 3\r. CzAJ;vi had s* -vish to bear hard upon the bank- runp, believing that he had been taken in by other persons. isHOBOUR.-The case is entitled to great comnmiseration. The bank;rupt may receive a first-class certificate. (Before Afr. Commissioner GouuracuN.) IN RE JOSEPIH HENRY WErrON. The bankrupt was a bookseller and newsvender, of 213, Oxford-street. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Evansopposed for the assignees; hr. Lawranee supported. The bankrupt,examined, said he had been twice insolvent. -He was in prison for three months under the second insolvency for having, under the first insolvency, onitted the -names of creditors. He knew that the business carried on at 26, Oxford-street, had been sold. Be had inquired of his brother and 31r. Marshall, of Edgware-road, who had told him so. About amonth or six weeks ago lie had told Mr. Marshall that he had not time to give to the newspaper business; that his health was failing, ard that his wife was ill- also that his brother had a Government appointnent, and very little time to give to it. Mr. Marshall had made an offer of 1301. for the goodwill of the business, and he had said he should advise his brother to ta}e it. After that he did nothing in the business, except enter into a bond with Mr. Miarshall not to engage in the retail newspaper trade again He did that through the medium of his sister-inlaw (18 years of age), who communicated with his brother. He believed the whole of the 1301. had not been paid 351 was paid in cash, the remainder in bills. He believed the noney was paid to Mlaiy Ann Kellard, his sister-in-law. There was no uRderstanding, directly or indirectly, as to his having any interest in the bills received from Mr. Marshall, and no part of the 1301. belonged to him. He lived at 261, Oxfordstreet, and his sister-in-lawr principally-managed the business. 'The bankrupt, examined by Mr. LAWrAN<>cE, said he had been a tool and puppet of Messrs. Moseley and Keele. They had advised him to omit their names as creditors in his schedule when before the Insolvent Court, and he had done so accordingly. During the time he was in prison they drew bills upon him for the amount of their debt, which was 2001. He owed them a larger debt under the present bankruptcy, which included the old debt. Mffessrs. Moseley and Keele had drawn one or two bills per month upon him duinug the time he was in prison for their -accommodation. They drew upon him for about 2001. beyondthe amount he owed them. Their place of business was in Catherine-street. Strand. During the last year and ahalf about 7001. or S001. of accommodation bills had been drawn upon him at one time by Messrs. Moseley and Keele, and altogether he had accepted accommodation hills for them during four or five years to the amount of 20,0001. The old debt formed an item of his present debt to Messrs. Moseley and Keele, but substantially it had been paid. His profits on newspapers had been small, in consequence of the number of unsold copies left on his hands. People would not buy the first edition of the Morning Star when they could get a second edition of The Times. Re-examined.-He stood in a good position with the London and Westminster BanL-, and he had sometimes overdrawn his account to meet these accommodation bills. His Hosounr said the meeting must be adjourned for further evidence. The alleged abstraction of property after bankruptcy was a serious feature, and the bankrupt's brother and sister-in-law must be summoned to give evidence. Mr. Keele must also be exaamined. He was one of the assignees, and if the charge of having suborned perjury should be substantiated he must be removed from that office. In filing his schedule before the Insolvent Court the insolvent was required to swear that it was a full and true account; and the imputation against Mr. Keele was a very serious one. Adjournment ordered accordingly.
CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT, Friday, AZay 30. This Court sat again to-day, for the purpose of disposing of the remaining eases that were adjourned in consequence of its being found impossible to try them, owing to the case of Palmer creating so much interest and the number of witnesses that were concerned in it. OLD COURT. (Before the REconDRD.) Peter Francis Magan, 39, was indicted for stealing and embezzling a letter containing a sovereign, the property of the Postmaster-General. In other counts the prisoner was charged with feloniously destroying a leuter while engaged in the service of the Post-office. Mr. Clarkson and Mr. Poland conducted the prosecution; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Giffard. It appeared that the prisoner had been for upwards of 20 years in the service of the Post-office, and at the time the offence was alleged to have been committed he was employed as a letter-sorter, and it was his duty to attend early in the morning at the Post-office and assist in sorting the letters arriving by the morning mails. The offence imputed to the prisoner was represented to have been committed on the 15th of April, and it seemed that a day or two before, in consequence of several torn letters being found in one of the waterelosets used by the letter carriers, arrangements were made to endeavour to detect the guilty person. It seems that a certain range of conveniences of the description alluded to is provided for the letter carriers and another for the sorters, and, by a special order of the Post-office authorities, each class of persons in their service is bound to make use of one of the closets set aprt for that particular class; and, as it is obvious that these accommodations afford a ready mode of getting rid of any letters that may have been purloined, they are so arranged as to be under supervision when such a proceeding is rendered necessary for the detection of any person who may be suspected of guilty practices. The letter the prisoner was charged with stealing, and which contained a sovereign, was, it appeared, posted at Glocester on the 14th of May, and arrived in due course at the General Post-office on the following morning, andthe prisoner, who was engaged in his duty as a sorter, would thus have had an opportunity of getting it into his possession. Peake, the Postoffice constable, and another officer belonging to the establishment were at this time placed in a position to observe what was going on in the closets, and about half-past 6 o'clock the prisoner went into the one whence the torn letters had been taken on the previous occasion, and which, as it was one appropriated to the use of the letter carriers, he, being a sorter, was infringing the orders of the Postoffice authorities by making use of, and he was distinctly seen to take a letter out of his pocket and tear it up, and' throw the fragments into the pan. After he had left they were taken out and pasted together, and they were found to form the letter that had been sent from Glocester. The prisoner was at once taken into custody, and on his being questioned he admitted having been into the watercloset, but denied having torn up any letter. Upon his being searched a sovereign was found upon him, which corresponded to this extent with the one sent in the letterthat it was what is called a George and the Dragon sovereign of the year 1824; and it appeared that the prisoner gave two totally different accounts of the manner in which he became possessed of this coin, stating, in the first nlace, that it had been paid to him as wages, and afterwards that he had received it from a savins-bank.. The prisoner, it appeared, was i the receipt of 43s. per week for his services in the Post-office. Mr. GIFFARD made an earnest and able address to the jury on behalf of the prisoner, particularly observing upon the long period of his service in the Post-office, and he endeavoured to show that the officers might have been mistaken in the identity of the prisoner. The REcoRDEP. having summed up, the jury, after a short deliberation, found the prisoner Guilty, but recommended him to mercy on the ground of his good character and the long period he had been in the service of the Post-office. The RECORDER observed that cases of this description were of so serious a character that a uniform course of punishment was invariably acted upon, and clharacter could not be taken into consideration. Mr. CLuuRKsox said he was instructed to inform the Court that, in addition to the letters that had been found on the previous occasion, there was another indictment against the prisoner, and since he had been in custody the complaints of lost letters in his department had decreased 75 per cent. The REcoP.DER said he would consider the sentence that ought to be pronounced. NEW COURT. (Before the Conrox-SzRJxE,aT.) Harriett Graham, 30, married, was indicted for attempting to dischaige a loaded pistol at John Munroe Graham, with intent to do bodily harm Mr. Parry prosecuted, and Mtr. Sleigh defended. The prosecutor, who is an actor and a member of the Princess's Theatre, stated that upon the evening of the 2d of May, as he was leaving the theatre, accompanied by Mr. Brazier, the prisoner came up and, making some rexnark, snapped a pistol, which she presented at his head; ho instantly seized her, when a struggle took place, during which the police came up, and upon raising her from the ground a pistol was found at her feet. She was then taken to the station-house. In further examination prosecutor stated that prisoner had livedfor12yearswithhimas-his wife, but he had been obliged to separate from her on account of the violence of her temper. When that took place he agreed to allow her 11. a-week, provided she did net molest him; but this agreement shebroke, and he discontinued the allowance, but had continued to afford her occasional support. He denied that he was living with another woman, but was paying his addresses to a lady. Mr. Brazier, who was with the prosecutor, gave corroborative evidence as to the attempt; and the police stated that the pistol was loaded with powder and a small balL The hammer was down, but the cap had not exploded. When at the station some one said that the pistol would not go off; the prisoner said, yes, it would, for she had tried it in the yard where she lived. IMhr. SLEsIGH, for the defence, called the prisoner's brother, who said the pistol belonged to him, and he had loaded it in the state in which the police found it, and that he did not think she knew it would go off. The Ju?ry found her Guiity, butrecommended her to mercy. Mr. PARRY said that the prosecutor joined in that recommendation; he had no wish that she should have been sent here, but he wished for protection. In answer to the Court Mr. Graham said she had once tried to stab him and frequently threatened his life; she had been under recognizances for 12 months for assaulting him. The Co03aso-SsREA,.sT said he would take time to consider the sentence. Jolm Fennell, 26, labourer, and Sarah Hawes, 40, mar' ried, were indicted for stealing 400 sovereigns, the property of William Horrie. Mr. Sleigh and Mr. Thompson prosecuted, and Mr. Liley defended. The prosecutor, who is a labouring man, living at West Ham, had lefc his home upon the 21st of April to go to Chatham, and upon his return he found that his wife had absconded, taking with her all the result of his long savings. He traced her to the house of the female prisoner in town, and from her learnt that she had gone to Liverpool with the male prisoner. They were teleraphed and taken t at a lodging-house just as they were upon the point of sail- ing for America. UJpon the man was found about 120 sovereigns concealed in a belt round his waist. The COERsT said there was no case against the female prisoner; uponiwhich The Jeqyrehtuned a -verdict of Nfio Guilty, and the mlale prisoner, being convicted, was sentenced to two years' impnsonment and hard labour. TEO1D COURT. (Before Mr. PR-NYDERGAST, Q.C.) Ann Wilson, 26, spinster, was indicted for wilful and corrupt perjury at the Westminster Sessions. Mr. Parry prosecutod; and Mr. Payne defended. The circumstances living rise to the prosecution were somewhat singular. be prisoner is a woman o} 'he town, and upon the 5th of last November she and a woman named Firnin were in Leicester-square, when they met twomen, one named George Brown, who was atthat time, and had been for 18 months before, clerk to a builder at Pimlico, and a man named Handley, who went home with them to their lodgings, in Castle-lane, Westminster, and when they got there some dispute arose, during which' the prisoner was assaulted by so me one, and Brown having left ner lodgings she followed him out and gave hbin in custody for the assault, and, being taken before a police-court, where the evidence was of a very conflicting nature, the magistrate sentthe case for trial atthesessions, atGuildhall, Westminster, and it came on upon the 21st of January for trial before 31r.Witham. Theprisoner, who was much injured,still swore that Brown was the man, and, notwithstanding that Handley tendered himself as evidence, and swore that he was the person who struck the woman, the jury convicted Drown, and he was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. It also appeared that when the scuffle took place in the brothel the Ei lt was blown out. Brown, who was brought up from gaol, now swore that be was not the man who assaulted the prisoner; that he left the brothel in consequence of prisoner's blackguard language, and was going away when the prisoner gave him in char6e. lHe had taken this step to clear his character with lis employers. 3Mr. PB 1'anERGarS said he be]ieved he spoke the trath; but thought there was much doubt as to whether the woman at the bar knew that she was not speaking the The case was therefore stopped.
POLICE. p GUILDRL.-James Quick, an intelligent lad, in the service of Messrs. Braun and Kortoski, capmakers, of London-wall, was placedat the bar before AldermanCoPrL 1), charged with robbing his employers. Alderman COPELsAas committed the prisoner for triaL MTARLEQRoUGH-sTRsT.--SeveralgexLtlemen inthe course of the morning, who came to this court to make the usual half-yearly declarations, volunteered their testimony to the sitting magistrate (Mr. BLaGwANw) in favour of the orderly conduct in general of the immense masses of people who on the preceding night thronged the thoroughfares and parks. The magistrate and the chief clerk also declared that they never in all their lengthened personal experience of the conduct of large assemblages of the population witnessed more peaceable and praiseworthy behaviour. The only appearance of disorderly conduct took place in Hyde Park about 7 o'clock, when a party of "roughs" began pelting decent persons with clods of turf. Several respectable women haviag been thus assaulted, and their bonnets and clothes damaged, a number of gentlemen began to remonstrate, and on finding their appeals disregarded formed themselves into a body sufficiently strongto overawe the disorderlies, and to reduce them to peaceable behaviour. Thishadthedesiredeffect, and the "rough;" who were recognized by one of the officers of this court asprincipally from St. Giles's, Seven Dials, Drury-lane, and other Irish localities, dispersed without further mischief. There were only three or four trifng cases arising out of the peace demonstration yesterday brought to this court. Mr. Robert Finney, a medical man living in Pall-mal, was charged with riding furiously down Pegent-street at 8 o'clock the previous evening, when the street was crowded with people. Police-constable PhiUy said, he saw the hjrse gaUloping through the crowd, and the defendant cutting and lashig the animal with his whip. MIr. Finney, in defence, said, the crowd of people accelerated the speed of the horse. Mr. BM-onnr said, the pace at which the defendant was roved to have ridden along a crowded street might have been productive of serious accidents, and he should therefore infict a fine of 40s. for the offence. Frederick Waller was charged with assaulting Louisa Spearman. - The complainant said, her dress was rather long, and, on some person treading on it in the crowd, s e caught hold of a woman's dress to save herself from faling. The defendant, who was with the woman, immediately struck her a violent blow on the face, and blackened her eye. Fined 4l., or one month; Robert Matthews was fined 20s. for striking John Arnold with his whip in Pegent-street. Edward Looney was remanded on a charge of having knocked down with his van constable Butler, who attempted to check the reckless speed of the horse, and in so doing had his thigh broken. WYsrausRTEs.-Joseph Macdonald, a tall, powerful fellow, was charged with aiding the escape of a felon. Jane Attery, wife of a labouring man, said, that after viewingthe fireworks and the illuminations she and her hus=aud went to the Castle publichouse, Great Chapel-street, Westminster, to get some refreshment. Upon leaving there her husband, who went a few paces in advance while she was bidding a friend good night, caned her by name quickly, and on her hastening to the spot she found him struggling with a man, who had turned his trouser's pocket inside out and robbed him of 4s. She assisted her husband to secure the offender, when the prisoner came up aud dragged him from them. She laid hold of him again, but the prisoner seized her and threw her down twice, and the robber escaped. She canled the polce, and the prisoner was taken inte custody. The accuse d,in reply to the charge, said, he was drunk and did not know what7had occurred. Mr. LNunia asked whether there was any evidence to show thatthe prisoner aud the man who had escaped were connected with each other? Mrs. Attery and a woman who was also present stated that they saw the men drinking together at the Castle on the previous night; the former added that although the amount of money of which her husband had been robbed was trifling, it was a serious loss to poor hard-working Teprisoner was remanded. WoRSIrr-sTREET.-James Wing, a cabdriver, badge 11,329, was charged with cruelty to a horse. Catfey, a constable of the NT division, stated, that while o+n duty in the City-road at 5 o'clock that morning, he saw the defendant in a state of dis,graceful drunkenness, driving a horse in a cab. The horse was in a terrible condition;* it had been manifestly overdriven, it trembled excessively, and the sweat poured off its body lke water. The fare refsed to go any further and got out, and the poor animal fell to the gronnd in convulsions, and kicked and injured itself very badly. To make the matter worse, it had cast one of its shoes. The defendant, on the witness interfering, dismounted from the box and tried toget away, but he directly after caught sight of him on the box of another cab and took him into custodv. Philips, another constable, confirmed this evidence, and Mr. Barton, the owner of the cab, stated that the horse was in capital condition when it left his stables, and that the defendant ought to have returned home with it at 8 o'clock on the preceding night. T he prisoner said he set down a fare at Euston-square, I where a gentleman hired him directly, but that the horse t became unmanageable, and he could neither steady nor controlit. He denied being intoxicated altogether. The horse fell, ho supposed, from its having the dry gripes. Mr. Barton denied that this could be the case; it was perfectlyhealthy, andhadnever had such a complaint. Mr. RMerr3IrL went to the door of the court to view the horse, and on his return said it was a very good animal, but had been most shamefully overdriven. Two of its legs and one of its thighs were badly cut, and he should fine the defendant in a penalty of 31., or 21 days in the House of Correction. It was anticipated that in consequence of part of the pyrotechnic display of the preceding evening taking place in ictoria Park, wvhish is in this district, there would be an unusual numberof chargesof robbery, violence, drun-enuness, or other misbehaviour; but it is most gratifying to state,a remark Mr. Hlammill made with much satisfaction, as testifying tothe general sense of propriety of the lower classes, -that though the park was thronged with thousands of "rough" and the poorest. of both sexes from Spitalfields WVhitechapel, MIile-end, Hiorton, Hackney, and Bethnalgreen, there was an unusually small number of charges at the court altogether, and not even one from the park or its vicinity. ICs.xnRxwran:.-Charles Cooks, aged 19, a rough-looking fellow, was placed at the bar on remand, charged with stealmg a watch, the property of Simon Smith. it appeared from the evidence of the prosecutor that on Saturday night last, at about 9 o'clock, he saw a crowd at King's-cross, and upon going to see what it had colected for he felt a hand in his waistcoat pocket. Finding that his purse, which contained 9s. 6id., had gone, he caught hold of the prisoner and gave him into custody. The prisoner had been seen near King's-cross nearly the whole of the evening; and a lad named Davis, employed on the Great Northern Railway, who had been watching him, saw him tak-e the prosecutor's purse. When the prisoner was searched a letter, of which the folowing is an exact copy, and the reading of which caused much laughter in court, was found upon him . "Aldershott Camp, May11. Dear friend,-I write these few lines to you hoping to find you well, as it leaves me at present. I hope you came out yesterday along with Peck, and I hope he is quite well. No doubt you heard about me being in the Rifles. Jack MTarlin has got 84 days, and will be out in about a month. He told me all about you. I had a letter on the quiet from Emma last week, and she wants me to scarper, -which I mean to do as soon as I can save a bob or two, as I have not got any money, being -on 4d. a-day. If you and Poly get any stuff these holidays send me a half-crown's worth of stamps in a letter. I expect to be up next Saturday for two days' pass if I can get it. Ned. Ol3ison is deserted again along with a corporal. There is several blokes in the 3d from Keate-street. Give niyrespects to Johnny Hurl-y and Maunchy, and tell us how Coaly looks and if he spoke about SalL Ihear you have had a letter from Sall, so you are all right there, and no mistake. She is a fine gal. Give my best respects to all inquiring friends, and let me know how Margaret is, for I am dying to see and kiss her. So to end this here epistle, I may say good luck and good-bye. Send a letter as soon as possible, and ask Jack to send us a bob if he can in stamps. "From your true pall, - AL FRED 1EIMS." The prisoner, who in defence denied the charge, was then committed for trial. Tnuni-Bernardo Renriques, a Portugaese seaman, was brought before Mr. SEix for final examination, charged with the wilful murder of Versili Medina Caligar. a native of Caligar, in Cephalonia, by stabbing the deceased twice with a sharp double-edged dagger, on the 15th inzt., at Mr. Seymour's boarding-house for foreign seamen, NTo. 31, Wellelose-square. It will be recollected that the deceasea, a mild and inofIbnsive man, and nephew of Mnr Seymour, tliterpored to put end to a quarrel between two foreigneamen in his ann^le's house, and the prisoner, 'without ay provocati'n i okadagger froma sheath and twiice stabbedthede< with it. The deceed expreda fewhours afterwards. The case stood over for the attendance of the surgeon, who had been subptenaed to give evidence on the trial of Palme4 the =Rugeley poisoner.- ' Mxr. John Brow -Ross, house-surgeon of the' lo'don Horpital, attendediysterday, and sted that the deceased Caligar w brought there on the 15th inst. with thwound ln the abdomen and two, wotnds in the ri"t side. The one n the abdomen was about three inches ng ength, estending pwards tad outuards. The second wound was between the tenthand eleventh ribs, about an inch and a-half in breadth, extending upwards, outwads, and backwards, coming',ont on the tenth rib. Cfaligardied thefollowing morning at 3 o@clock. He hdsince made a yos morIii examination, and found the stomnach wounded mn two places. One wound was three inches long, the other one inch and a- hal. The stomach was transfixed, and the two wounds m-ust have beenl caused by one blow.. Caligar died from that wound, which produced inflamuation. The dagger produced was capable of producing such a wound. The wound on the side was superficial only. Mr. SELYE said, the case was now completed, and, after the usual caution, asked the prisoner if he had any defence tomake, and he repeated what he had boefore said, that he only stabbed the deceased once. Mr. S ; cormmitted the prisoner for trial for wilful mnurder. Inspector Gernon, of the H division, who had charge of the case, said that M1r. Yardley had directed Mfr. Seynour, the boarding-house keeper, to become surety for the, appearance 'of the foreign witnesses at the sessions; but they nad no means of maintaining themselves, and the costs would entirely fall on Mr. Seymour if there were no funds at the disposal of the magistrate for their support until the triaL The witnesses, with the exception of Mfr. Ross and the police-constable, were foreign seamen, and they wanted to leave England in their ships. M1r. SELFE observed that ho had no power to order the costs of the seamen's maintenance to be paid ultil the triaL He could only give them a certificate for them to obtain the expenses of three days' attendance in that court, which would be lOs. Gd. each man. LAwnsET.-John Glabe, apersonwell known to thepolice as a railway carriage and platform plunderer, and Mary Ann Colins, a woman with whom he lives, were flnaily examined before Mr. ELnuoTr on a charge of picking the pocket of Mrs. Harriett Bloomfield of a purse, contaniing 4s. 6d., on the platform of the South-Wester Railway, at the Waterloo station. Mr. Earl, from the law department of the South-Westerm :Railway Coipany, attended for the prosecution, and a solicitor eared on behalf of the prisoners. ilbe recollected that the male prisoner was apprehended by Brett, an active officer belongng to the company, on the evening of Thursday week on the up-platform, while in the very act of picking the pocket of a woman of her purse. The prisoner made a desperate effort to get away from the officer, and while the struggle was going on the wooman struck Brett two orthree times, and endeavoured to get between him and his prisoner, for the twofold purpose of securing his escape, and also taking anything he nmght have taken away from the latter; but by the assistance of one of the railway porters both prisoners were secured. A purse was picked up by a passenger just as the prisoners were being apprehended, and handed to Inspector Bent, and this was found to belong to lrs. Bloomfield, who at once identified it as her property. She also before seeing it gave adescription of it and its contents, among which w-as a lock of her deceased father's hair, folded upi a piece of paper. On the former examaination there was a deficiency in the evidence owing to the absence of the lady who had picked up the purse, but she was present yesterday and swore distinctly that the purse had been thrown from the men who were struggling, and fell in a basket of flowers on the platform, from which she took it, and gave it Up to nspector Bent. The strongest part of the evidence came out, as is not unfrequently the case, in the cross-examination of the prosecutrix by the prisoner's solicitor. In reply to his questions she said, both the prisoners had travelled in the same compartment of the railwsay carria'e with her, and that during the journey both kept moving. %he a]so saidthatwhilein the carriage she took out her purse to get outher railwayticket, and atthe time of her doing so the male prisoner was sitting quite close to her. The prisoners were fuilly committed for trial.
[Advertisemnent.]-" The Camp Club in the Crimea - or Stories from the Tents and Trenches.' Edited by Captain Curling, author of "The Soldier of Fortune," I vol. post Sro., is now ready. Contents:-Sayings and Doings dosing the Siege-The Subaltern's Story-The Trenches-The Tents-A Comrade Killed-EnduranceChrListmas Eve in the Crimea-Home-The Old Soldier's Story-Death of the Czar-Conversation in the Trenches-Cbarge of the Heavy Cavalry-Politics in the Trenches-The Wag of the Cotspany-Roatinee andRnishlights-TheOld Peninsular Major-A Crusty OficisI-The Emperor of France-The Indefatigable Infantry-Urgent 1'rmst, Affars-Iord Raglan-Abma, Inkermann, £c. Charles J. Skeet, 10, Kig William-strect, Charina-cross. rAdvertisement.]-The new and popularnovels Tpublished byl{orst and3Backett, to be had atai thcEbraries --. "The Sorrowrs of Gettlitr." By Miss Jerwsbury. " A remary-ably good novel wael written, amusing, and firm to its purpose."-Examiner. 2. "John Halifax, Gentleman.' By the Author of " The Head of the Family." 3. " Veiled Hearts." By the author of "The Wifes Trials." £. "Mrodern Society in Rome." By J. It Beste, Erq. 5. "iMrgaret and her Bridesmaids." By the author of " Woman's Devotion." 6. "L Iilliesleaf; the Concluding Passages in the Life ot Mrs. fargaret Maitland." Cheapereditiou, 1vol. 7. "RachelGray.'ByMlessKaTanagh. IVoL Also just ready, "Evelyn Marston," By the author of "ElinilaWyndham." [Advertisement.]-" The Paris Chroaicle."-Three thmes aPr 0o1th the Britishbeauty may at a trifling cost learn in her own lapF,ace hlow the ladies of Paris dress and live in the polte world of -.}s.iau literature and art. by rending the pages of the 'Chronicle ' -:'Gie.ng Post. Size montbs, Its. Ca.. Hart-.iick, IS, Rtue Vivienne. ras i; W. Kent and Co.. Patermoster-row. London. [A dvertieament.]-l.ajor-Genera. SirF.W.Williams, Bart. -An rdhentic, Portirtit oftshe Hrero and niine other steel engraringn. in ]ivnsion 3 of "Nolan's Illustrated History of the present Var ag1airst Russia." Thisavork is emnbellished with portraits of emlnent cemnmanders,engravedby special permission from ori-Inalpictures; lVews of the Seat of War. from Sketches taken ontthe spot; BattIes by St a and Land. Maps. Plain, he.. from the most authentic souree }:ah chilling part contains 0 closely-printed super-royal Svo pages d tao steel engravings, eecuted expressly for the Work. oaw r¢y. neatly bound in se-arlet dloth, and gilt, Divisions 1.2, and3, -ice /'r; each. Gt.mrriS1ng 200 sages and 11 plates. James S. Virtue, t,.y-roiid, antliS, ivy-lene, London.
PATLY7AY INDTELLIGBENCE. nAFzT1fl RF.TURNS. Thie tVJiowing iie the receipts of railways for the pat _F T'_ OXFORD, WORCESTERy AN4-D WOLVEITHAMPTON. A special meeting of this comnany was held yesterday at the London Tavern, for the purpose of electing ten directors from a list of candidates, Lieutenant-Colonel Rushout, 31.P., in the chair. Mr. Smith, the secretary, read the notice convening the meetinz 3r. I)AVIS proposed that Mr. R. Grisewood, Mr. Highfield, Mr. Johnston, Mr. J. 3leflor, Mr. MW. Lewis, Mr. J. S. Pakington, Mr. J. Parson, Mr. E. Watkin, and Sir Mi. Peto be the new board of directors. The CHcArRmLv read a letter from Mr. Maxwell, stating that he had not authorized any one to put his name forward as a candidate. 'Ur. J. M. PAusoys said he would not object to the election of Mr. Grisewood, provided he wvould not oppose the bill in Parliament as a preference shareholder. Mr. GRrsrwVooD said he had opposed the bill on principle,and that he objected to the raising of 350,0001. on a first preference stock; he would only agree to the raising of 1.50,0001. for the broad gaug>e, in order to relieve the company from penalties of 18,0001. a-year until the broad gauge was completed. He wrould not oppose the bill singlehanded. Mr. Cox proposed that the Earl of Caithness, Mr. S. Baker, Mr. Cape], Mr. Thorpe, and 3Mr. Busby be re-elected directors. Sir 31. Paro read a letter from the Earl of Caithness, stating that his Lordship's name had been used without his knowledge, and requesting that it be withdrawn from the list of candidates. Mr. H. H. MxtADE complained that his name had been published as a candidate without his consent. Mr. J. M. PasusoNs said he had reason to complain of his name being published as a candidate without his consent. He had insisted on its being withdrawn. Several names were proposed and objected to; at length it was agreed to submit them to a show of hands. The CHAIRMAN proposed. Mr. S. Baker, and then proceeded with a list he held in his hand. For Mr. Brewin there appeared 6 - for MIr Capell, 29 for M1r. Cox, 30; Mr. Fenton, 47 ; Vr. Gri6ewood, 38; Mr. Highfield, 36 ; Mr. Johnson, 44; Mrr. Lewis, 40; -3r. H. H. Maude, 38; Mr. J. 3Mellor, 30; Mr. Pakington, 14 ; Mr. J. Parson, 52; Sir 3. Peto, 53; Colonel Rushout, 37 ; Mr. Taunton, 31; 3Ir. J. Thorp, 39; Mlr. Watkin, 3;- Mr. Busby, 58 M-r. Wlhetham, 15; Mr. J. Anderson, 36; M-r. Oliveira, l0; 3L-. Tuckett, 1; Mr. Whiteside, 1. MIr. BIGGAP. demanded a poll upon the whole of the names in thelist, except those who had declined to serve. SirMr. PEro seconded the motion. Mr. R. Jackson and Mr. T. Greenwood were appointed scrutineers. The CiArmtrN decided that the poll should commence immediately after the meeting and continue open till 6; o'clock, from 10 to 4 on Saturday and Monday next, learing Tuesday for the scrutineers to ascertain the state of the poll, and adjourning the meeting to receive the result on 'Wednesday next at 12 o'clock. It was stated that six names would be excluded from the lis-viz., Mr. Maxwell, the Earl of Caithness, Mr. J. M. Parsons, Mr. Cobb, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Wilson. After soine discussion it was agreed to adjourn the extraordinary meeting to 1 o'clock, and the adjourned halfyearly meeting to 2 o'clock on Wednesday next. AIIDL&AiND. Ain extraordinary meeting of this company was held at Derby, yesterday, MIr. Ellis in the chair, for the pu-pose of considering a bill to enable the company to raise additional capital. The Cnru.tins observed that, by the bill in question -they proposed to raise400,0001. in new shares, to borrow one-third that amount, and to talce powers to bring to life again those shares which were dead and had become forfeited. The purposes for which the money was wanted, were stated in the following clause:-"And whereas, in eonsequence of the increased traffic of the Mlidland Railway, -especially in minerals and goods, it is expedient that the company should be empowered to raise further moneos for enlarging the present, and making additional stations :nd sidings, buildings and conveniences thereto, and for imapm-.ving the works of the Midland Railway, and making ndditions to the working stoelc thereof." If the increase of trafEc continues as it had hitherto done, they woulld have to nalcean proportionate increase in their working stock and also in their stations and sidings. MEr. C'IuP.P. (solicitor) read the preamble of the bill and aLso tihe marginal notes. 31r. DPxnsoss, of Bristol, wished to know if anv of the money w as intended to go towvards the Ieicester and Hfitchin line. The CHAc1ANac said, the money raised would be applied -to the -various requirements of the company. With regard to the Leoeoster and Hitchen line, they had plenty of money for that, .,and he would repeat that his opinion was not changed as to the value of that line. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PARSONS moved an amendment to the effect that the <yaestion be adjourned until a future meeting. After-some further,observations from Mr. GEE, who stated Eis opinion that the directors would spend the whole of the %neney inten months, hr. PAPSONS withdrew his amendment, and the CLUIRMraN put the original resolution, whOa was carried nnaninorely; and 1I;e proceedings termiznted with a vote of tha3ns to the-Chairman. LErD3S, BRADFORD, AND HALIFIAX JUNCTION. The quarterly nreeting of this company was held yesterda a iradford, ',1r. W. Walker, presided. Mr. -CA-woGD, se-retary, read the report'of the directors, an abseact of which appeard in i7te Times,of yesterday. TheCRIASEMrAN said, the principal object of the meeting was to 2eclare the. quarterly dividend. ThOee was one thin" urith reard to the declaration of a divi&end which they had -coubtless observed_m-.-;, that it was neceenry, in order to the paynrteet, that GW.. should bh drawn. from the reserved fund. It was always ,'nderstood that tiiE fund should be zo n.Dlied when xendwevd necessary by tce fluctuations in theZate of trade and -ti'e quantity of trdsic.at different Uierir of the year. At t he preseni moment ithe4raffic was considrrably more than-- sw3a, and he trusndd3hat at the next slrarterly eetin' Vthey would not have ton,niy to the reserved fond at all. '~hey were now ap roachha 4 he time when tl-.e Gilderstone.coalranch wonul be ope,dand he loolked ferward to thmt -petiod wvith very great erxeot4tions that the pUblic at large -would be very materially nefitted, while thre rdareholder& wovoWd derive a msch increassO revenue from- that source, Hle concluded by mo-ing le adoption of the report. Mr. W. PEnL seconded the nction, and it was carried. A dividend at the rate of G per cent. per annum wag aea;ed, for the coarter ending March Inst, on 216,0001. paid np-share capital; payable on the Sth of Juno. X-was explained that the conmpa,n- wecre paying interest or, 3(3,09-li. of unprodct;eive capital. A4s-cte of thanks to the Cha:r~nan concluded tLe proseet-F WATERFORD AL\D KlyiiEN-qY. The 53;ffearly meetingof this compasny was held yesterday at die don Tavern, the Earl of Besshorough in the cnair.1 The repor. .atated that the receipts for the half-year ending the 2-5tL f 4 arch last amounted to 7,9461., against 6,4821. at the epgzesponding period of 1855, showing a, in crease of 1,46-51. g})ving, however, to the very inefficient condition of the penanent way and rolling stock, the directors have been oj;Kged to expend a considerable sum on yapairs; and the wz;ing expenses this half-year hazeo eeen unusually heavy, so that, notwithstanding the in. crease of receipts, the goneorzl balance showed only a su to the credit of revenue. The roln stock was now in complete repair, and from the ;rrangements made 1y the directors they had reason to es"Ci that in future Zbe woAigr Ons§3 would be cndsuably Oecremsed4 while mucnh greater facilities would be afforded to the public for the conveyance of traffic. The relaying of the line was beirg proceeded with under the superintendence of Mr. Errington. Arrangements had been made with the Waterford and Tramore Railway for excursion trains between Kilkeany and the watering-place of Tramore, which, it vwas expected, would increase the receipts on the railway during the summer months. The CMLURarA N, in moving the adoption of the report, stated that he hoped at the next half-yearly meeting they -would be able to announce something in the slhape of a dividend. The receipts for the first si:x weeks since the 25th of March last amounted to 1,7981., and for the corresponding period last year to 1,58., showing an increase of 2291. Ihe expenses were 1,0361. against 1,2181. at the corresponding period, showing a decrease in the expenses of 181!., which, added to the increase in the receipts, made an increase in the net profits of 4101. for the six weeks. So far he thought the prospects of the line were encouraging. Mr. LAVER complained of the workin- expenses and of the injury that had been done to the worYcing stock by emplo ing incompetent persons. lhe CIURMANz explained that the incompetent persons had been removed, and that the stock was now in good order. A Iong discussion on various matters ensued, in the course of which the report was adopted, the retiring directors were re-elected, and aiter reappointing the retiring auditor the meeting separated. CORK, BLACKROCK, A]ND PASSAGE. The half-yearly report of the directors recommend- that, ouxt of the available surplus of 2,301)., a dividend of 6s. per I share, free of income-tax, be paid on and after the 20th of June next, and that 7001. be added to the reserve fund, increasing it thereby to 4,0001., leaving a balance of 2181. to oe carried to the next account. GREAT NORTH OF SCOTLA£ND. An extraordinary general meeting of the company was held at Aberdeen, on Thursday, to consider several bills nowv before Parliament, in which the Great North is interested. Mfr. John Stewart was called to the chair. The Secretary reada draught of a billforuniting theGreat NYorth at Keith with the i'verness and Nairn at Nairn, entitled the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction, and intended to complete the main trunk from Aberdeen to Inverness, and thus afford direct railway accommodation from London. The Cmri.ns-N called particular attention to a clause -which provides that, before the Great North subscribes to the line, two-thirds of the amount requisite to make the line from Keith to the river Spey must be applied by the Aberdeen and Invernessjunction, thus ensuringthe making of the line through what is likely to be the most unproductive part of the North. The meeting unanimouslyapproved the bill. The bill for the Formartine and Buchan R-ailway was then read. This project proposes a line from a point near Aberdeen by an inland route to Stricken, with a branch or continuation to Peterhead, on the east coast. The Great North undertakes to provide 15,000l. of the capital, on condition of getting a share in the management and an agreement to work the line. Mr. MITCHELL was not satisfied with the proposal to have any stock at all in the new concern. AlU experience had gone to show that the less the directors of main trunks Imeddled with branches the better. Besides, if all the projects now before them were entered into, they would not be able to carry the traffic without a double line. The Cssusnr.tN said, experience had also proved, in connexion with the working of the Great North, that, with the advantages of the electric telegraph, wonders might be done by a single line. But if the traffic should increase to the extent assumed by Mr. Mfitchell, then it would be both a pleasant and a profitable duty to construct a double line, bndges for wwhich were made already from Aberdeen to Inverury. The bill was then approved, Mr. MTCHIELL at first dis. senting, but afterwards withdrawing his dissent. The next bill considered was for making jthe "Alford Valley" project, which is a line from the village of Alford, on the south side of the Great North, to a point on the line about ten miles distant from Aberdeen. Mr. MITCeELL objected to their having anything to do vith that project. The bill was then unanimously approved. A vote of thanks waslthen passed to the Chairman, and the meeting was adjourned till the 13th of June for consideration of these bills in their future stages.
THE SUNDAY BAND QuTESTION.-A correspondence has taken place between "the committee for the public demonstration in favour of the Sunday bands" and Sir George Grey, in reference to the playing of music in the Parks on Sundays. Sir G. Grey directed a letter to be sent to the committee, which referred to a notice that there would be a public demonstration in favour of public bands on Sunday next in Hyde Park, at 4 o'clock, ard stated, that " although Her Majesty's Government have no desire to interfere in any way with the free expression of opinion on tllis question on the part of the inhabitants of the metropolis," yet that the IRoyalParks were open forthe enjoyment and recreation of the public imder certain conditions, and that assemblages of the people to hear speeches or to pass resolutions were wholly inconsistent with the objects for which theParks had beenmade accessible to the people. The letter thenintimates that the police and park-keepers would, if necessary, prevent any such meeting, expressing a hope, however, that no such meeting would be attempted. To this letter an answer vas sent by the committeetoSir G. Grey, signed byMr. Pratt, the secretary, stating- that the committee would use their best endeavours to prevent any such demonstration in Hyde Park, "having only in view the one object of providing the innocent recreation of music for the benefit of the pople on Sundays." A letter was also sent on the Part of Sir G. Grey to Mr. Oury, the leader of the BrightonPavilion band, in which Sir George stated that, having heardthatthe band played last Sunday in Hyde Park, he felt it his duty to point out to Mr.OurythattheRoyalParkshave been openedforthe enjoyment and recreation of the public under certain regulations, which do not permit of the performance of private bands, or of other amusements, on any day in those Parks without the previous sanction of the authorities under whose control they are placed. Sir George, therefore, expressed a hope that the performance of the band would not be repeated without the requisite authority. To this letter an answerwas sent by the'commttee giving notice that, in deference to the opinion expressed by Sir G. Grey, " no band will be provided on Sunday next for Hvde Park, but that bands Gwill play (weather permitting) in the Re'ent's Park and in Victoria Park on Sunday next and on each following Sunday during the summer, from 4 to 6 o'clock." THrE CE-NTRAL A7E:RICAN QUESTrO.N.-We published yesterday a piece of intelligence for which we have been long prepared-namely, the recognition by the President of the United States of the piratical Government of Walker and his band of desperadoes in Nicaraga, and the public reception at Washington of a resident Minister appointed by that Government. The statement to this effect appears to rest entirely on the authority of a correspondent ol the NVew York Ti-ibune, so that its authenticity may perhaps be somewhat doubtful; but in any case wve believe the recognition is only a question of time, provided Walker should succeed, by the aid of the large reinforcements which he has recentlyreceived fromthe United States, in maintaining his ground in Nicaragua. For some time past the pretended efforts made at the principal American seaports to prevent armed bands of men from proceeding to join him have been discontinued and a body of no less than 500, all armed, and carryng with them six pieces of artillery and a large quantity of ammunition, sailed publicly from New Orleans on board a steamer, without the slightest attempt on the part of the United State officers to prevent their departure. A similar body of 300 men proceeded about the same time frum Newv York, and both parties have since joined the piratical force in Nicaragua. Aided by these and other reinforcements, Walker may probably maintain himself against all the efforts which the Government of Costa Rica may make to expel him; and, if so, the Government which he has established by the sword, if not already recognized, as stated by the New York journal, will speedily be so; and the next step will probably be atreaty of alliance between it and the United States which will virtually hand ever icaragua to the latter. We shallthenbegin to see w,hat are the real objects of this piraticalseizure of an independent State. They are not confined to Central America; and our own Government will have carefully to consider at what point it will be advisable to make a stand against a movement which threatens in! the end important British interests.-Atanchekster Guardian. VACANCIES, ArPOiNTS, AND PRoMoToNs IN THE CvmIL SERnvCE.-Odiice of Public Works.-The Hon. Edward Berkeley Portman has been appointed private secretary to the Chief Commissioner, in the room of Mr. Berrington, resigned. Devonnort Dockyard.-Mr. F. W. Boghurst has been appointed third-class clerk in this dockyard, vice Keys, promoted to Pembroke. The Board of Trade.-Mr. D. Lennox, princinal officer of Her Majesty's Customs at Holyhead, has been appointed receiver of droits of Admiralty for the Holvhead district, in the room of .ieutenant John Lascelles, R.N., resigned. Customs.-Mr. W. H. Coulson has been appointed a clerk in the tea department in London. r. T'. Harrison has been appointed a clerk in the Coast Guard-office in London. lr. Scot Montgomery has been promoted from second to first class of tidewaiters in London. Mlr. H. Randall has been promoted from third to second class of tidewaiters in London. Mr. R. Hayward has been promoted from fourth to third class of searchers at Liverpool. Mr. R. AL Green has been promoted from fifth to fourth class of searchers at Liverpool. Mr. J. Davis has been promoted from fourth to third clerk at Bristol, Ireland.-There is a vacancy in the General Register-office, Dublin, for ajunior clerk, caused by the death of Mr. J. Byrne. Cape of Good Hope.-Mr. B J. Eaton, Clerk of the Paace at Colesberg, has been appointed Civil Commiesioner and Resident Magistrate for the division and district of Caledon, vLec Zr. W. M. Mackay. Mr. C. Haw, Clerk of the Peace for Victoria, has been appointed Civil Commissioner and Resident Magistrate for the division and district of Cradock, vice Mr. W. Gilfillan, deceased. Ceylon-P1r. C. Temple has been ap. pointed a Puisne Judge of the Supreme Court of Ceylon. Mr. 'V. G. Forbes has been appointed Governs6ent Agent ,And Fiscal for the southern province. Mr. W. Morris has ebeen appointed Government A'ent and Fiscal for the eatern province.-Ci,:il Seri-iec ~zeue. I LICISIELD EE Ios.-Yeaterday Lord Sandon was,elected without opposition for Lichfield, in the room of Loi4 Waterpark, resigned. The Rev. T. O B. Floye nominatsdkhe noble Lord and Mr. H. W Hewitt seconded the nomiastion, and, there being no other candidate, the returning,officer declared him to be duly elected Lord Sandon, in Wtaurning thanks, said that he had not pledged himelf in any way, because, in his opinion, party was extinct. He considered that LordPalmerston had effectedapeaceupon terms far more advantageous thanthoseoririnallydemanded and for that reaon he thonoht the noble Lord was worthy of the support of the country. Lord Sandon proceeded to advocate various measuree of social improvement, and concluded by declaring tbat, whatever might happen to the institutions of the country, he should always give his support to those measures whicb, In his opinion, would best promote tUe general good and prosperSty of the people. In answer to & question from an e ector Lord Sandon said he was o,pPosed to the ballot, as experience In America had provedI flat it ezourapd rather than direourgcd corruption.
NEW NOVEI, by the Author of " The Wife's Tria"-Juet ready, ini 3 TIoS,, VE ILED HEARTS. By the Author of "The Wife'srias." Hurst rnd Blackett, publishers, (succceasors to T7enry Colburnj) 13, Great Marlborough-street. Just published. in 2 vols.. 21s. bound. Q COTTISH HEROES in the DAYS of WALLACE )Oand BRUCE. By the Rev. ALEXANDER LOW, A.ar. " A valuable additionto8Scottishhistory."-Mesetngcer. --Very areeable rae;ing. I-xaminur. Hurst and Blackett, publshers. LEIGH HUNT'S NEW WVORK.-Second edition. 2 voe, 21i3, rTHE OLD COURT SUBURB; or? Memorials of JL cnsington, Regal, Critical. and AnecdoticaL By LEIGH EUNT. "A more agreeable andentertainingbook has noz beenpublishbed sirce I Boswell's Johnson."'-Observer. Hurst and Blackelt, puMishers, successors to Henury Colburn. Just published in 2 vols., vith Illustrations, 21.s. 'T'HE HOLY PUACES: a Narrative of Two Yenrai T Residence in jerusalem ancd Palestine. By H LNMER I. bUPUIS. Wi1th notes on the Dispersed Canaanite Tribes, by Joseph Dupuis, late British Vice-Consnl in Tripoli and Touns. Hurst and H3Backett, puiblishers. 13, Great Marlborough-street. Just published, in 3 vols. pest 8vo ! /3ODERN SOCIIETY in ROME. By J. R. BESTED, JL Rutq.. Author of '-The WVabash. "'-Mr. Bleste's book wiould, for tbe araount of information, incident, sand aneedote that it contains, be read at alU times ith hively interest. At the present moment it not only poDesses extraordh ary interest, but is of great value. -SundaY Times. *This vork is singularly interesting.-.Literary Gazette. Hurst and Blackett, publishers. 13, Great Marlborough-street Now ready at aU the libraries, in 3 vols, OlIN HIALiFAX, Gentleman. By the Author of "The Head of the Family." &c. "Avery good and a very interesting novel. It is conceived throughout in a high spirit, and vritten with great abilitY, better than say former work, rwe think, of its derervedly successful author."-Examiner. "The authofs best work. Emerybody wvho ever reads a novel should read this one.,-Critic. Hint sad Blackett, publishers, successors to Henry Colburn. To be had of all bookselers S AM SLICK's NEW WORKS, published by Hurst <0 andBlackett. 13, Great Marlborough-street:- 1. Nature and Human Nature. 2 vols. " These new volumes are foil of fun and fancy."-Athenanim. 2. WVise Saws and .fodem Instances. 2 vols. 3. The English in Ameriea. 2 vols. 4. The Americans atHome. 3vols. 5. Traits of American Humour. 3 vols Now ready. in one volume, with 1,500 En vir of Arm, r HE PEERAGE and BARONETAGE for ILS56. By Sir BERNARD BURKE. Ulster IKing of Arms. New euition, corrected to the Present Time, from the personal communications of the nobility, &c. "The best genealogical and heraldic dictionary of the peerage and baronetage, and the first authonty on aU questions affecting the aristocracy.-'-Globe. Hurst and Blackett, publishers, successors to Henry Colburn. Now ready in 2 vols., 21s.. bound A SMMIER in NORTHERN EUROPE, includ- ing Sketches in Sweden Norway, Finland, the Aland Isles. Gothland, de, By SELLNA BVf'IURY, Author of "Lifein Swedes," &c. "To aUilvho wish for a gay and varied panorama of Northern life and scenery. and for a work fuU of information sad entertaihment. vf recommend these volumes as among the most hlely and generally attractive travels that havo lately appeared."-Sun. Hurst and Blackett, publishers, 13. Great iarlborough-street. Now ready, complete in 2 vole. Stc., with Portraits .31EMlOIRS of the COURT of the REGENCY, lIAM aod CHANDOS, K.G. " Tivo goodly volumes on the English Court, ful of new sayings, pictures, anecdotes. and scenes-clearing up much secret history."-Athenzeum. " Invaluable, as showing the true lght in which many of the stirring events of the Regency are to be viewed. The lovers of Court gossip vill also find not a little for their edification and amusement."-Literary Gazette. Hurst and Blackett, publishers. 13, Great Marlborough-street. Just published, price 2s.. A FTER the WEDDING. By the Author of " The I,ady Una and Her Queendom," " Home Truths for Home Peace," "In Vork and Out of Work," &e. London, William Weslcy, 32, Paternoster-row. Second edition, 170 Engravings. WA1IADERINGS AMONG the WILD FLOWERS: H How to See and How to Gather them. Price 5-. By SPENCER THOMSON, Fellow of the Botanical Society, Edinburgh. W. Wesley, offlice of the Family Economist, 32, Paternoster-row. Justpublished, 2d edition, foolseap Svo., cloth, price 3s. 6d., A MY GRANT; or, the One Motive: a Tale, de- signed principaUy for the Teachers of the Children of the Poor. Oxford, and 377. Strand, London, J. H. and J. Parker. Will be published on June 1, 1536, the First Number of A PLAIN COMMENTARY on the BOOK of APSALMS (Prayer-book version). To be issued in monthly parts, price la. each, and to be completed in two volumes, fcp. Svt. J. H. and J. Parker, Oxford; and 377, Strand, London. Just published, in fcp., price Is., by post Is. 3d., hUEALTH, WORK, and PLAY. Suggestons by IL HENRY W. ACLAND, M3D., F.R.G. Also, a cheaper edition, price 6d., by poset 7d. J. H. and J. Parker, Oxford; and 377, Strand, London. Will be shortly reaay. THE NE,W MILITARY NOVEL, the LINES- M A.N. By Colonel ELERS NAPIER. George W. Hyde. 13, Paterno*ter-row. Just published price 2s., or 25 stamps lby post, T HE NEWY MIN1MRa-BATHS CURE in GER- Ma EY. By A. B. GRANVII.E, 'I.D., F.R.S., Author of " The Spas of Germany." Garden, 372, Oxford-street. Lady SHEIL's WORK on PERSIA.-Now ready, vith 'Woodcuts, tSve., 12s., 1 LIMPSES of LIFE and MANTNERS in PERSIA. By Lady SHEIL. John Murray, Albemarle-street. Now ready, in one voL., crown Svo., with Illustrations, price 10s. 6d., I SM!EER; or, Smyrna and its British Hospital in 1855: a Relation of Facts and Incidents vhich passed under the Eyeof a Nurse. By a LADY. James Atadden. S Leadenhal-street. iNow ready, T TOO; and other Poems. By BEELZEBUB. Fcp. Ste., cloth extra, gilt edges, Gs. Freebypostonreceiptof the amount inpostage stamps. London, E. Townsend Hamblin. Oxford-street, and all booksellers. Now ready. gratis. A IDS for BOOK BUYERS by means of which a considerable saving may be effected in the purchase of books. Sent post free on receipt of one stamp.-Bnifl, Hunton, and Co., 19, HoLes-street, Cavendish-square. Just"published, price Gd., H, CRISIS (Isit Past ?) and WAY of ESCAPE. T The Restoration of the Jews aPRequired Condition of Durable Peace. The " Holy Places" prompted the war, and Rome strengthens herself in its issues. Houlston and Stoneman, London. Second Edition, with Postcript.-Just published, price is. HEIURCOH RATES, "the Question of the Day," consideredin a Letter to Loftus T. iVigram, Escu. hLP. for the University of Cambridge. By the Ven. C. J. HOARE, hI.A. Rivingtons, Waterloo-place. Trhis daY is published, price la, by post for 14 stamps, TEPRINCIPLES of FORM in ORNAMENTAL [ ART. By CHiARI ES MARTEL. Author of " The Principles of Colouineg in Painting," !;o. With several llustrations Engraved on Wood. london, Winsor sad Newton, 38, Rathbone-place; and sold by all booksellers and artists' coloumnen. Price 3s. 6d., G lUIDE to the CIVIL SERVICE EXA-MINA- TIONS ; with Directions for Candidates, Examination Papers, dc., and al the necessary Information for those Eeeking Government employment. P. S. King, Parliamentary paper depot, Bridge-street, Westminster. This day. price ls., post free, UOIARlUIM- or, Tank for Gold and other Fish, AWater Plants, insects, dc. (Plain'Instructions for the Management of). By F. S. LEACH, Fitter-up of Aquariums, Covent-gardenmarket. London. Dean and Son, 31, Ludgate-hill, three doors west of Oldaeily. Sir JOHN FORBES's NEW 'WORK.-Early in June will be pub- lished, QIGHT-SEEING in GERMAANY and the TYROL, K 7 in the Autumn of 1855. By Sir JOHN FORBES. Author of " A Physician''s oliday," dc. Ln one volume. London, Smith, Elder, and Co., 65, Cormhill. Price 15s., cloth, H AYDN's DICTIONARY of DATES, and Uni- versal Reference. Seventh edition, with Additions and Crrections. By B. VINCENT, Assistant Secretary and Xeeper of the Library of the Royal Institution of Great Britain. Edward hoxon, Doverstireet. N'EW WORK. Price is.. post free, DTR. GRIFFITHS JONES on ELECTRO-CHEMI- CAAL BATES, by which mercurial and other mineral compounds may be elimin ated from the living body and deposited on the bath for oeniar demonstration. Piper and Co., Patemoster-row. For particulars apply at 43, Woburn-place. FourthEdition of Ur. RUSK 's PIdt'HLET.-Just published, in sto., price 6d.. JOTES on some of the PRINCIPAL PICTURES exhibited in the Rooms of the Royal Academy. and the Society of Painters in Water Colours. No. IL, 1856. By JOHN RUSKIN, M.A.. Author of ' Modern Painters, " Stones of Venice,"' &. Fourth edition with Postscript, price 6d. London, Smith, Elder, and Co., 65, CombiT Price 3s. 6d. each. D E PORQUJETs LB T33E3SOR, Parisian Grammar, Compliment du Tresor, Exercises for Conversation, Traductenr, Secr.tatre Parisien, HIistotre d'Angleterre, Hlistory of ESngland, Con. Temsations Parislennes. Vovage en France, Italian Trfsor, Italian Con. versationa. L ondon, Smpki, Miarshall, and Co. Justpublshed, thirdedition, revised throughout and considerably en larged. in crown Ste., bound in cloth, 10s. 6d., A BI1EAPRIIC and ALGEBRA n-their PRINN CIPIES ad APIIaAION aithnumerous systematically writh espcecial Reference to the ordinar Examination for B.A. Deg!ree By BARNARD SMITHE, MLA., Fellow of St. Peter's College, Cam. bridge. Cambridge.Macmillan and Co. L,ondon, BellandSDaldy. 400 pages 8o.. 5s., post free, TT[OISES and ESTATES:* a Wdork treating upon iLI arrangements of houses and grounds, arency, agriculture, archi tecture, cost of buildn, climate, and oils domestic, ecclesiasticalproperty, fixtures, hire sand purchase of houses and land, landscape gardenmg, law -real property, landDord audtenant, and of agents, leases ratessandtnxes, surveys, I tenures, topography, valuations. From Mr. Alfred Cox, New Bond-street and Upper Bal;er-street; or from Simpkin sand Co. In 4 vels, price £2 2s., MEDIAEVA POPES, Emperors, Kings, and Cru- saders or, C'ermany, Italy. and Palestine, from AD. 1325to AD>. 1268. By oIrs. W. BJSK. '-The wiork is most creditable to the industry and ability of the author, sand isan important contribution to thehistory of the middle agesn_.iterary Gazette. "A well-written digest of the more romantic portions of the history of conltinental Enrope in the 12th end 13th centuries. It has the merit of being stndlourly accurate end slmple."-Examiner. Hiookiham and Sons, Old Bond-street.. Volume the First.-Advent to Lent.-Now ready, price 5S., bound in cloth, tHE SEASONS of the CHURCH-What they Teach: a Series of Sermons on the different Times and Occasions of the Christian Year. Edited by the Rev. EENRY NEWLAND, Rector of Weetbouno, Vicar of St. Hary Church. Devon,and Chaplain to the Lord Bishop of Exeter. London. J. and C. Morley, 6, Paternoster-row.*- * ,, Secondedition demy lSmo., cloth, price 2s. Gd., \HE CASTLE B UILDERS- or, the Deferred Con- firmation. By the Author of " The iEeir of Redlyff," " Heartsease," &. By the same Author. SenesandCharacters. Fourthedition, cloth,3s. L Kings of England. Fourth edition, cloth. 3s. ings of England. Slightlyabridged. Clotb, ls.; and with Questions, Is. 2d. Landmarks of History: a Summary of Ancient History. Second edition, cloth, 2s. Cd. LanidmarkEsofrHistory:.MiddleeAges. Secondedition,cloth 3s. The Herb of the Field. Cloth, 3s. 6d. Lan giex School. Second edition, cloth, 2s. 6d. The - oad Children. Second edition. Gd. London, J. and C. Mlozley, 6, Paternoster.rvw. useatr ton. Harrow, Christ's lospital, Sr. Paul's. Greenwich and Deptford Royal Naval Schools, Merchant Taylors' and the City of London Schools, Edinburgh Academy, do. New editions, suited thoroughly for Self-iustruction, 12mo TELILLE's FRENCH GiAMIIAR. With Con- DJi-versational Exerciees and Exaamination Questions. 6s. 6d. Delle's Beginner's own French Book. 2s. De titlea Manuel Etymologique. 2s. 6d. Dellte's R R6pertoiredes Prosateurs. 6s. Gd. Delilles Meoddles de Posie. Ge. Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lans. Worth Notice.-W hat hba ralway, been wanted is just pubihod, price4s. free bypost Ithe 14th thou-and is now selling), rkbHE DMCTIONAflY APPENDIX (7th edition), I with upwards of 7,0000words not found in the dictionary, comrising the participles of the verbs, w zhic s Perplex aU writers. No person Tho writes a letter should be without this work ; all school pupila she.31d haye it. "Thbis book in invatieablo n_ Wee-ly Times. ",Tbis ho ;ok ;; as necessary as Walker' Dictionsey itelf"-The Critic. T hesewho poneas this book stand on higher gromi m antherest of the community. J. F. Shaw, 36. Paternoster-row. HADDAN', LI3MnlD LIABILITACT.-JuEt Published, price s cloth, THSE LIMITED. LIABILITY ACT, I85. Witlih .I Precedents of a Deed of Settlement for constitutignting a eomj vith limited liabiity udeT thle Act (or without limited liabilitiy, under the 7th and 8thWic., c.310) '~4 ofa a Deed ofAlteration,for enabUl an exirting zCompau to regict'oex t"3 he Limited Liabiity Act * and Noteson the A ppliatonofthe Act, aeneW the La eating tim' tore tered and other Joint-Stoclc comJnlM, By TH O S yENETY HADDA'', .Lt, of the InnerTemple,t ,er-at-Lw, and Veneriran Law Fellow, and lan Fellow of Bmeter UoUcg Qxford, Wi.m,xwe1T , 2R BGU'Zft5 incoln'sinn' This day, price 3s., TU1N'E: a Book for the Country iin STumner Time. By H T. STAINTON. Leugmnan, Brown, Green, and LoUngans. Just pubLished, in 2 vole. 8vo., price 42s., C-LINICAL RESEARCEES on DISEASE in INDIA. By CHLARLES MOREHEAD. 3LD.. Principsa Of Grant Mledical College, Surgeoa to the Jamsetjee Jeejeebhoy Hospital, &c. London. Longinan and Co. Lately published, in Svo., price 1-s.. rTHE BRITISH COAMiMIONWEALTH: a Com- fL menta-y on the Institutions and Principles of British Govern. meLt. By !O3IERSHAM CO^X, .I4.A., 'ellowof the Cambridge Phi. lJoopbigal Society, Barrister. London, Longman and Co. CJust p,h0Lfhede in crowv n 8eo., pLrce 7e. G s, T,HE DOCTRINE of INSPIRATION; beingl an .1 Inquiry concerning .the Infallibility. Inspiration, and Authtority o7 Holy Writ. By the Rev. JON MACNAUGHT. Mg., Oxen., Incuaheot oi St. herysostomd's Ch10ch, Everto2, LiverpooL london, ,orglnan and Co. COMPLETIIN J of the TRAVELLER'S LIBRAeRY, in 2oveB., price fire guneas, in cloth-inow ready, in 16mo. price 2s. fdL coth or in tsre parts, price ls. each, deSSAY on tbe LIE oP and GENIUS of THOASS FULLER; * ith Selections from his Wr'itings. By HENY ROGEERS. Pursung Vol L., eor Parts lOl and 102 of the Atravellens Library atuycompletingithea eries. A classified cataue of the contents of the Traveller's Library may now be had of 31essra. Longinan and Co.; and of all boonsellers, London, Longman and Co. Jtust publshew , in mro.v price Is. , IN CALCUILOUS DISOSUE and its CONSE- eQIeoCEfS: bei.ng the Croonian L e cm es for the a ear 18S6, delivered before the royal Coltege of Physicians. By GA. OW 'E EPS, .eD.. P.R.S., Fellow of the College, asslstant Physician and Lecturer at Gury's Hospitsl, Examiner on Mateest 1edica in the University of London. London, Longanen and Co. Just ,zuhLsOed. new and improved epM itio5 , price Is. CTHE CURABILITY of CONSUMPTION; being a Series of Papers, presentIng the most prorinent and important Practical Points in the treatment of the disease. Py F. H I. RA uADG eD., Fellowdof the Comlege of Physicianse and late SenioroPhysicianeto the Royal Infitmary for Diseases of the Chest, &c. Also, by the scme Author, price lOu 6d., a Treatise on Asthma and Disersesdoa thetHeart. -London. Forgmae, Brown. Greenv. and Longmans. One voL 8vo., p p. 100.15s., A NCELL on CONSUMPTIONT.BA TREATISE on TUJBERCULSOSIS. the~,Constitutional Origin of COnsUmptiOn and Scrofula. By HEA RY ANTCEq, Author also of " Lecturcs on the Blood." and " Canmentaniee on the DSoctinnes of Professor 1iebig." 'The fullest and most cornplete on the subejectthat'sxists."-Dnb. Med. Press, " Ought to be in tue llbrary of evecymed.tcal practitioner.D -Brit. end For. Med. Chir. Rev. London, Longrnsn and Co. Just published, in one vol. demy 8vo., price Is. 6d., cloth, L IFE of the Rev. Dr. BEAUMIONT. By hss SOn, sJJOSEPHI BEAU.MONT, Esq., of L,incoln's-inn, Barrister-at-Law. Iond,n, Hmnilton, Adams, and Co., 33, Paternoster-row. This day is published. 8vo.. cloth, price 12s. GLd 7SSAYS BIOGRAPHICAL and CRITICAL: J24 Cbiedy on EngliLsh Poets. By DAVID MASSON, A. AL, Pro. fessor of English Literature in University College. London. Cambridge, Lacmilan anud Co.; London. Bell aud Daldy. Price 136s. the complee SBeries in four veLa 8vo., witl fte Plates, extra cloth. tpublilshed at .2 16s.l dIEORGE SELWY.N andhis CONTEM1IPORARIES. XTWithIdemoirs and Notes. By J. H. JEiSE. "A most enter. taining book-fuIl of the most diverting raillery. deicate maUce, and the best wit." Onlya few copies for sale. Wil!is and Sotheran, 136, Strand. Price 5s., published by Bentley at 15&, with Portraits, thick Svo., extra cloth, TmUIALGREAT OYER of POISONING.-The T HTRIALGof the Earl of SOMIERSET, for the Poisoning of Sir Thomas Overbery in the Tower of London, and various Matters Comnected Therewith: from Contemporary MSS. ByA .AMOS, Esq. Willis and Sotheran, 136, Strand. Price 3s. Gd., new edition, in extra cloth, with large Map of the Beat of War and six Portraits, TMHE STORY of the PENINSULAR WAR. By 1 the late Marquis of LON\DO(NDERRY. Themostcompletehistory of the Peninsular WVar in a small compass, and a worthy companion to Gleig's Story of the Battle of Waterloo. Wilis and Sotheran, 136. Strand. 'rice 12s., with 20 Etchings by Dagley, from antique gems, (published at £m Is.,) rllIE POETICAL WORKS of Dr. CROLY, Author L of "Stalatdel," &c. Two vols. post 8vo. Willis and Sotheran, 2S3, Stranid. This day, price 2s. boards, mnM ARCTIC CRUSOE : a Tale of the Polar X Regions. By PERCY B. ST. JOHN. With 20 magnifieent Illustratmons. Lndon, C. Hi Clarke, 23 a, Paternoster-row. Just published, price ls., post free, tEiE LFE an A:5VzYTUES of a STAABI- MERER; or, the Unspeakable. An Authentic Autobiography. "The incidents related in; its pages, although belonging to the domain of sober truth, possess, notw.ithstanding, much of the freshness and brilliant coloung of romance, by the happy manner in which they are prsntd vlmefar abe ,thse avere merit, and we have no villbecomevery popula: iterarium or Educational Gazette, March19, 11S6. London, C. H. Clarke, 23a, Patemoster-row. Just published, priee 2s. d, VEINDICATION of the Right Hon. the Frst Lord r DARThlOUTH from the CHARGE of CONSPIRACY or *HIGH TREASON, brought against him in the year 1691, and Itevived by Macaulay, in his "History of England," 1155. By FREDERICK DEN'ON. Upham and Beet. 46. Nowr Bond-street. The RAILWAY QUESTION.-Prlce ia., or25 copies for £1. P RACTICAL SUGGESTIONS for a FUNDA- MENTAL REFORMI of the RAILWAY SYSTIEM. on a Principle comb;ning National Benefitsvwith the Permanent Interestsof Shareholders. By CIVIS. London, Edvard Stanford, 6, Charingcross. Now ready. price Ss.. I NDIA.-The QUARTERLY ARM%IY LIST of Her Ma jesty's and the Hon. East India Company's Forces on the Madras Establishment, prepared exclisively from official records. Corrected to the 31st of March, 1156. London, John Leslie, 58, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-tme. iYEW WORE by Rev. J. H, NELE.-Priie Ss., by post Ss. 2d.. sT HEMORAL CONCORDANCES of ST. AIrTONT of P?ADUA Translated, Verified, and Adapted to Mlodem Use, by the Rev. J. H. NEARS, M.A. Now for the first time presented to the English reader, and of especial use to the clergy. L ondon. J. T. lIayes, Lya3U-plsce, Eaton-square; and Simpk-in and Co. To AXTIQUARIANS and TOURISTS.-l4ow ready, feap. Svo., cloth, vwith Hap. ffs. 6d., or with Bustrations, Ss., the second edition of 3ERAMBUL ATIONS on DARTMIOOR FOREST, with a fnUl Topographieal Surrey, By the late Rev. SAM-UEL ROWE, Vicar of Cr-editon, Devon. London, Simpkin and Co.; HIiamil. ton and CO.; S. Rowe. Cheaside; and . E. lMoat, Plymouth. SAYINGS and DOINGS DURING the SIEGE.-In a few days, in plost Ovo., ~HE CAMP CLUB in the CRIMEA; or, Stories T Hfrornthe Tents and Trenches. Edited by Captain CURLING, Author of " The Soldier of Fortune," &c. Charles J. Skeet, 10, King Willam-street, Cbaring-cross. Recently published, crown Ivo., cloth. 7s. 6d., CSERMIONS on the LORD's PRAYER and other Subjects. By CHARBES PARSONS REICHEL.g B.D., Professor of Latin in the Queen's UJniversity, Chaplain to His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and late DonneUlan LFecturer in the University of Dublin, Cambnidge, bacnllan and Co., london Bell and Dalty. This day is published, the fourth edition, with many additions and corrections, of a VIsjANUAL of BRITISH BOTANY; containing the .11 Flowering Plants and Ferns, arranged accordin to their natural orders. By C. C. BABINSGTON, M.A.. F.R.S., F.L., Ic. 12mo, lOs 6d. cloth or copies on thinpaper, fortheopocket, 12s., roan. John Van Voorst , Patemoster.row. Just published, crowin svo., pp. 472, price 3s. 6d., P RELATICO-PRESBYTERIANISM; or, Curious Chapters in therecent History of the IrihPresbyterian Church. Bsy the Rev. RICHARBD DILL, A,5I., Mini ster ot Ormond-cnay Presbyterian Church, Dublin. Dubim, McGlasiban and Gill, 10. UJpper Saekville-street: London, Arthur Hall, Virtue, and Co.; Edinburgh, Johnstone anud Hlunter. Re-issne of NAPIEB's WAR, in Mlonthly Parts.-On June 2 will be published, Part L, prico 5s. ito be completebd in 12 monthly parts), of APIER's HISTORY of the WAR in the PENCINSUL; with allUthe31aps and Plans T. andW. Boone, publIsihersi, 29. Newv Bsonsistreet. Complete copies, in 6 voLa, price 60a, may stillo behad; as also odd volumes, to perfect sets of the former large typo editions, iin 6 vole. The EKIGHTSBRIDGE CHURCHES.-Appeal, Arches Coart, May lOtIk-Now ready, rlHE OBLATION of the ELEMIENTS, and the .. Credence Table: a Letter to the Bight Rev. Henry Lord Bishop of Exete r, occasioned by His Lordship's Letter to the Right llon. Dr. Luishington. By-the Rev. THlOMAS BOYS, hLA., Perpetual Curate of the new Parish of the HIoly Trinity Hoxten. Price 1. Seeley, Jaeleon. and Halliday, Fleet-street; anA B. Seeley,i Hnover-street. Now ready, in onelargevol.royal 8vo.. price 35s., the fourth edition of tHE L;AlV of CONTRACTS. ByC6. G. ADDISON .LEsq., Barrister-at-Law. Comprising Contracts of Buying and Selling, Lettingand Hiring, Borrowing and Lending, Mortgsge and Pledge, WVork and Serices, Charter Parties, Bills of Lading, Bills of Exehange, Promissory Notes, Bailments, Maritime. F7ire, and Life Insurance., Agency, Suretyship, Partnership, Joint-Stock CoinPanies, &c. London, Stevens and N.orton, lavv bool;sellera, Bell-yar&L Lin. ruIn's-inn. SUNDAY RBADI2NGSlfrom the " Golden Lectures,"-Now realy, in large type, in 2 handsome vols. Svo., fancy cloth, price 14s., E POSITORY READINGS apyropriate to the YS, &c., throughout the Year; solected from the Golden Lectures. Also The Golden L.lctures, delivered in the Church of St. Margaret, Lothbury, during the years1150-51. By the Rev.Henrym elvill, B.D. Six vols. 8ro., price ;£1 16g. London. 3. Paul, 1. Chspter-house-conrt. north side of St. Paurs. In 6 vols. 4to., price 275.. or in 3 vols., price 25s. 6d., C ASSELL's POPULAR EDUOATOR: is a com- N- plete Encyclopsedia of useful knowledge, suitable for aL classes. As a book of reference for schools and fimilies it is invaluable. Edited by Professor WALLACE, AM. of the University of Glasgow and Collegiate Tutor of the University of London. Vols. 1, 2, and 3, common paper edition, are still to be had in numbers, Id. * parts, 5id. and 6d. ; andvols., 3s. 6d. each :.or complete in I vol., 9s. Ai London, W. Kent and Co., 51 and 52, Paternoster-row, and all boosellers. Sent post free for six stamps to all parts of the world, t 1UE REC)EIPT BOOE for the PEOPLE, contain- ing, for all classes, plain Instructions how. to do weL mn the world b selecting suitable occupations from profitable branehes of industry, that all may get a living. "Any person, w;ith only a few shillings, desirous of improving his condition, should secure this book, and we have no doubt it will be so. It is the mostuseful work that has been before the public for years,"-Chronicle. Published by J. WVarren, 25, Harchmont-street, London. Just publishid, price one gninea, A RCH OLOGICALSTUDIESin JERUSA LE A -to lectures delivered at the RoyalInstitution of British Architects. iUlustrated with a Plan and 14 Photographs. By GEORGE J. WIGLEY. M.R.LB.A.. Architect of the Church of B Santissime Redentore, Bome, A-c. London, C. Dolman, 61, New Bond-street, and 22, Paternoster-row. N.B. The text and plan may be had for Is. 6d, and each photograph separately at the same price. Preparing for immediate publication, Photographic Panorama of the Interior of Terasalem, withaplanandreferences. Cheap Editions of CATHERINE SINCLAIR's WORKS:- H1ILL and VALLEY or, Wales and the Welsh. Scotland and the Scoth. 2s. 6d. Shetland and the Shetlanders. 2e. 6d. (The above are delightful books for the tourist.) 'Moderm Accomplishments; or, the Marsh of Intellect. 2e. NModern Flirtations; or, a Month at Harrowgate. ls. 6d. Mysterious Marriage or, Sir Edward Graham. Is. 6d. Jane Bouverie, and ftow she became an Old Maid. Is. 6d. Holiday House: aBookfortbeYounz. 2s. Beatrice; the Great P-otestant Tale. 2s. London. Sinpkin, Marshall, and Co. Ipsvwich, J. hL Burton and Co. The NEW NOVEL.Justpublished, andto be had at aU hbraries, PERVERSION; or, the Causes and Consequences of Infidelity, A TalefortheTimes. In3vols. "This work isoxtremely clever. Itis intended to show the diiferent phases that infidelit,assumes, and to traco thepracticalresult in their differentsocial maamfestations. Thebookisweeandtemwperately writte. The story bas atouching interest,which lingerswiththe reader afterhe haselosed the book. There is no attempt at eloquence or fine writing; the style is rigidly sinaple but firm and stron6."-Athen2eum. " There are en. tertaining scenes of lfe at school, an barracks, at college, among the Mormons, andin,whatis caDedthe rehgioauworld. It really deserves tobe alUed 'A Tale forthe Time,'andis the ablestnovel thathas appearedformanyaday.n-Literary Gazette. "Perveraion is powerful nsa composition. Theotho-aghts of the writer are wrellpresented,witha the power of unconscious mastery which his training gives to the schoar an ufiagging energy sustains the writer from fist to last.- Spectator. London. Smith, Elder, andCo., 65, CormilL Jues Published, price Is., the Ninth Part of dIraMU3ERS's HISTORY of the RlUSSIA-N WAR. C With Maps, Plans, and Pictorial Hiustrationn. This work will shortly be completed, forming one handsome volume. Shakspec,re's Works (VolumRe V., 011.--Chambers's ImProved Issue of Xniht's CabhnetEditiosn. With SnulemgeamtsaryNotesandWoOdIEngraTings. In 12 monthly Tolmes. P'co Is, pacer covers, or I. 6d. cloth, Chambers's Jonal of Popular Literature, Science, and Arts, Part X . for Jun, pde 8d. ThePictorial History of England, brought up to the RussianWar. The Second Volume, prile5s., handsomely bound in clothL Revised under thecare of fessr. ChamberE. Aso Part XX., priceT2L ItLs contidently antie ted thati Uis important wrork will be completed uip to the Russian wariu seven voloms.e TRhePictorial Bible: being the 0)4 and New Tesrtasbents, according to tfie Authorized Version, with Noteg by Dr. Eitto. Part XX, price Ic. Wjfi shortly be cempleteed in 4 yOls. Drioo £2 &s., lhr@S yoh are jj,gJ,j)lfpOe 12g. each. , ad 11, C?halnbcf, L,onrt6u ihA YdinUrg Post Svo., price 5s., PINOCCHI. London, John W. Parker and Son, lWest Strand. Fourth edition, G6. (AF the PLUIRALITY of WORLDS; an Essay. '7 WVith a Dialogae on the Subject, and a new Preface. London, Job W. Parkser and Son, West Strand. Svo.. 15- THE SENSES and the INTELLECT. By ALEX- AEN'DER BA, A.M. London, John W. P.arker and Son, West Strand. This day. demyySvo., 10. Gd6, JF2ACO LN's ESSAYS: lv Annotations. By RICHARDWHATLYD.D.,Archbishop efDublin London. Jobn W. Parker and Sou, lest Strand Twvo vols p-st Svo.. witha alap. IGs.. rETTERS from the UNITED STATES, CUBA, and CANA)A. By the Ilon. AMELIA FId 11URiIAY. London, J ohn W. Parker and Son. West Strand. With li9 Illustrations. 7s., IRSTLINESinCHYM5I1STRY. ByDr.ALBERT F J. B AYS, F.C.L, I.cturer in Chymittry at St 3Mary's Hos-pital. London, .lolu W. Parker and Son, WYestStrand. This day, Vol. £ and IL, Svo. XI Gs. ISTORY of ENGLANLD from the Fall of Wolser u . to the Death of Elizabeth. ByDAMIES ANTHIONY FROUDb, M.A., late Fellow of Exeter Colege. Oxford. London, John V. Parker and Son, West Strand. U L E of 3!1YTHOIO(Y. By a Scholar of iiDy ege, Dubln. With an Account of the Character and Origin of the Pagan Relgions, extracted, by permission, from the Wfritings of the Archbishop of Dahlia, ann Quest,ions. London, John WV. Parker and Son, WVest St and. Royal 8vo. 2s. A SHORT TREATISEon the STAVE; to serve as a an Introduction to the Practice of Reading or PlayiDg from Score. By JOEN HULLAH. Professor of Vocal Music in King's Co'lege and Queen's Colege, London. London, John W. Parker and Son. Wetst Strand. Shortly will be published, vo MA 's MORALJ lATURE; or, the M tental Laws through wvhich wve feel and conceive the Good, the Ritiht, the Great, and the Beautifalin Eunman Conduct. By HEIENRYHLFORD VAUGHAN, Rlegina Professor of MSodemn History in the University of Oxford. London, John W. Parker anod Son, WVest Strand. Palt II., vwih numerous Illustrations, octavo, 16s., iJIENTS of CHYMISTRY: Theoretical and EPractical. By WILLIAM ATLLEN MILLUER DD., F.R.S., Professor of Chymistry, King's College, London. Part I. octavo, 10s. 6d. To be completed in three parts. London, John 'W. PArker and Son, West Straud. Octavo, price 20s., EHE GREEE TESTAMENT. Vol. I. containing N.. the Four Gospels and Acti of the Apostles. With Notes Granmatical and ExegeticaL, By WILLIAh WEBSTER. MA.. of King'sCollege, London, late Fellowv of Qnocoa's College. Cambridge: anud 'WLLIAM FRACIS WIL1I'SON, M.A.. Vicar Of St. Werhurgh, Derby, late Theological Tuter in Cheltenbam, College. Vet. II., completing the WVorl, is preparing. London, John WV Parker and Son, \est Strand. Two vols. octavo, SOs.. A N INQUIRY into the CREDIBILITY of _L-V EARLY ROMAN IIISTORY. By the Right non. Sir GEORGE COtNEWALL LEWIS, Bart.. ILP. By the same author, On the Mlethods of Observations and Reasoning in Politics. Two volumes, 2lsa. On the Influence of Authority in Mtters of Opinion. 10s. Gd OntheUseatndAbuseof somePoliticalTerms 9s. Fables of Babrins. With Notes .5s. 6d, London, JohnV. Parker and Son, West Strand. Fifth edition, 8vo.. 12s.. of TOTES on the MIRACLES. By R. CHENEVIX TRENCE1, B.D., Professor of Divinity in King's College, london, and Exaaining Chaplain to the Lord Bishop of Oxford. By the same author, Yotes on the Parables. Sixth edition. 12s. The Star of the Wise len; a Commnentary on the Second Chapter of St. Matthew. 3a. Sacred Latin Poetrg, selected and arranged for use; with Notes and Introducotion. 7a.: in antioue calf. 1a. St.Augustine's Exposition of the Sermonon the !ount. Second edition, with an Introductory E ssay on St. Auguastine a5an Interpreter of Seripture. 7s. The Essay separately, Be. Gil. London, JohnW. Parker and Son. West Strand. Nowv resdy, price 7s. Gd., OXFORD ESSAYS for 1856: contributed by MembersUof the niversity. Contents:- 2. Comparative Mytooy By Max Mulfler, ML.A, Christ Church, Taylorean Professor. 2. The Growth of Laws and Usages of War. By MlontaSa Bernard, B.C.L., TrinityCollege. 3. The Raphaiel Drawings in the University Galleries. By the Rev. GeorgeButler, M.A_, late Fellow of Exeter College. 4. The Land System of Ireland. By Willimn O'Connor Morris, B.A, Oriel Cooege. 5. National Education. By the Rev. Prederick Temple, MIA., late Felow of BaDiol College, 6. Carlovingian Romanee. By Richard John King, MLA., Exeter College. 7. Review of Mr. Congreve's Rtoman Empire of the West. By Goldwin Smith X.A, Fellow of University College. London, John W. Parker and Son, West Strand. NEW and enlarged EDITION of Mrs. PHILLIPSON's POfMS.- Just published, in one volume fep. Svo., with Portrait, price 10s.6l., cloth, TOKELY HOURS: Poems. By CAROLIN, LGIFFARD pRIIAIIIPSON. John Moxon, 28, Maddox-street, Regent-street. Price 2s. 6d each. D PORQUET's FIR-ST FRENCH READING- D BOOK, Parisin Spelling-Book, Parisian Phraseology, Premiers Pas, in French; ForeminReady-Reckoner of Coins, Weights, and Measures, Vocabulaire ana French Genders, in two colours, red and blue; Italian Anmotations (price 2s.) London, Simlkin. Marshall, and Co. NEW WORK by R. J. LANE, A.E.R.A.-Price Ba 6d., _PIRITS and WATER. And, uniform with the above in style and price, AMionth at ialvern, under the Water-Care. Noew edition, re-considered, re-wiritten. J. Mitchell, publisher to Her MWesty, Royal library, 33, Old Bond street. Price Is., by post for lB stamps, TEE ~lCEDIOINAL USE of OXYGEN GAS, Tls shovwn to be safe, practicable, and extraordinarily efficacious saa remedy in scrofulous diseases (consumption included), nervous affections, some forms of epiplesy paralysis, obstinate skin comnplaints, carbuncle. and bohs: an vaxious other diseases attended by debility er an unhealthy condition of blood. H. BaiDiere, 219, Regent-street. Price 6d., ors7d. bypost, MORISONIANA ;tor, Family*Medieal Advser of IY..Lthe B3ritisIDCollege of lealth, New-road.London. ByAAMES MORtISON, the Hygeist. Address British College of Health, NewroadgAondoai. Post free, is., ATREATISE on ACACA CHARCOAL (and the A Antiseptic Laows. in CONhSUMrIoN, Ulceatiou, andl rritation of the Mucous Membrane, Spermatorrhoca, Indigestion, with Nerroumess. Is invaluable in all cases where tonics are prescrbedL BtyW. WASNGTON EVANS, 12, Bernard-street, Prinmrose-hill. Just published, price l., post free for 14 stamps, HE SCIENCE of LIFE - or, How to Secure Moral and hi-steal Happiness. Withict'icslOhservations onDebilty, Nervoumess, and Depression resulting from close Stuidy, Sedentary Hiabits, Intemperance, High Living. or Dissipation. By a PHIYSICIAN. London, Sherwvood and Co., Paternoster-row; Mann, 39, Cornhill: HIammay and Co., 63. Oxford-street; and all booksellers. CONSUMPTION sImply and sucessf ally TREATED. jR. GEO. TEOS. CONGR-EVE's TREATISE iljypost free ior five stamps. In clear and simple language,it describes th~uauues, symptoms, progress, and successful treatment: dispealstho popular fllacy that consumption 5s incurable,by sound argulment, and a fec.-rd of interestingcasee.-ll, Hanover-street. Pecl;ham. Third edition, price Is., or Is. Id. pre-paid, O K SPERMIATORRH(EA. By J. L. MILTON. Reprinted fromthe originalpapers in the Lancet. "We do not tink the subject could have been handled ina more unexceptionable andjudiciousmanner.'"-Medical Circular. London, Rent and Co., Paternoster,row. Jpst_ublished, post8rov., cloth, price3s. Gd., A ARICOSE VEINST and their Treatment. By V HENRY T. CHAPMA1N,.R.C.S., ;&c.; also, by the same Author, second edition, tirice Ba. Gd.. The Treatment of Obstinate Ullers and Cutaneous Eruptions on the Log without Confinement. John ChnrchIll, New Burlington-street. Third edition, price 2s., by poet 26 stamps, EBILITY and IRRITABILITY induced by D SPERMATORRIIEA ; the Symptoms, Effects, and Rational Treatment. By T. H. YEOMAN, M.D., Ph:,sician to the General Post-office Ltter Carriers' ProvidentInstitution, &c. London, EffinghamnWilson, 11, Royal Exchange; and, by post only, from theAuthor. 25. Lloyd-square. Justpubllshod, rioe ls.(by post, free. for.l4stamps). TEBILITY and NERVOUSNESS.: a compplete Essay on Spermatorrhoea k showing the advantages of tie use of the microscoDe in detecting, by-urinary- examination. the causes which commonly lead to its occurrence, the.symptoma which indicate its resen,cTnd the means to be adopted- for its cure. By a PHYSIuI. }>ipe3and Co., Paternoster-row: andallbookseliers. Just published, price Sd.. post free, PAINLESS TOOTH EXTRACTION by CON- GELATION (REMARKS on). By J. WBTEMA' WEBB, L.S.A., Surgeon-Dentist. John F. Shaw, mouthampton.row, and Paternoster-row. Mfr. Webb operates daily, from 10 to 4 at 21, Southamptonstreet, Bloomsbury-square. PAINLESS DENTISTRY.-Just published, 2d edition, price 2s. Gd. cloth. Ilustrated on Wood and Stene. PDAINLESS TOOTH EXTRACTION, without Chloroform; w xith Observations on local Anstbesia, by Congelatimn, in general Surgery. By WALXER BJLU ,ED Smgeon Dentist to the MKetropoltan Free H^ospital. MIr. Blundell's process so deadens the sensibility that t.he tooth isextracted entirely vithout pain. london, John Churchill, New Burlington-street. N.B.-Mr. Bhmudell ads itnecessarypubliclyto notifythat he is the sole inventor and patentee of theAparatusfor thePainlessExtraction of Teethby Con. gelation.-29, Nfew Broad-street, dlty, and Stratford-place. Just published, cloth, 2g., or post free, 2s. 6., THE DIAGNOSIS and TREATIENT of SYPHI- T LITIODISEASES. Byr ALLN. hD.. MB C.S., L.S.A &c. " Concise, yet comprehensive. The subject is clearly discussed, sdentifically and practically. Is calculated by the judicious advice it imparts greatly tobenefit those for whom it is intended." london, lippolyte Bail=ire, 219, Regent-street. Just published, cloth, Sro., Ss. M R- ASHTON on DISEASES of the RECTUM. ,Xi "We find init more information than is tobe obtained from ay single Tolume yet Dublishea on the rabject."-The Lancrt. " We know of ao work in the Enrlish language so complote and practicaL'MIedical Circular. "It isthemost complete of all the worksatpresent under oDnsideration.-New York Journal of Medicine. " )Ir. h. toen's work is by a man who evidently knows his subiectprlcticaDr."MedicalTimes and Gazette. London, John Churchill, 12, New Br. lington-strect. Just published, cloth. Plates. Ba. Gd.. by post 4s. 2d., (RJCGHT PILES Prolapse, Fissure, 1;5stula, to be '1.7 COT or TiED?l-w9o. Can those Diseases be Cured without Cutting or Tyingfi-Yea. Thu doubts and dangers of operation uperseded by treatment simple. safe, and certain. With Cases. By ANRWPU.AB,SE, Surgeon. " One of the mostimnortant street; Phiip and Son (late Bighley), Fleet-street. NEW WORK on CONSUMMPTION.-Just publiebed, second edition v.ith plates, 5S., by post, free, Ss. 4d., ONSUIMPTION: its Causes, Prevention, and Cure. '1J BY THEOMAS BARTIT X.D) "The treatment recommended by the author is foundea upos general principles which appear to us to bo correct."-Medical Times nud Ga7ette. "We csn safely recommend it, as containing soumd views and consonant with the amowledgo of the day."-Dublin Medical Press. "A sterling work."-Sun. "No family ever visited by consumption ought tobe without the boolr"-Standsard "Good sense and scientific klowledge are the chief characteristics."-Globe. "Dr. Bartlett is entitled it our thaunka"-Press. "Weremark in everyportion of the booksolmd pratical sense and great medical knowled ."-Bell's Weekly Messenger. ";Dr. Bartlett's volume ha iP.tercsted us very much."-Economist. "The volume will be foumd of much serviee. -Morning Advertiser, "We confidentlyrecommenda careful consideration of its details."Morniug Chromicle. "A. aluable contribution to medical literature."Morning Post. "Not unlikely to effect a considerable revolution inthe medical treatment of coDaumption.n-Moring PHerald. H. BaiBire, 219, Regent-street, Londou. Send three penny stamps, and you wil receive, free, by Post, the 93d edition of a popuar Treatise. adapted to the GeneralReader. CURBE WITHOUT AEDICINE, Inconvence, or Expense, of Constipation, Indigestion Dyspepsia), Phlegm, Dysentery, wervoumness, Biloumes and Liver omplaints, Flatulence, Distension, Aciddity. H;eartburn. Palpitation, H{ysteria Neuralgia, -Nervous Hfeadache, Psrtial Deafness. N>oises in the Hfead and Bass, Eruption of the Skin. Impurities and Povesties of the Blood, Scrofola,Cougn, Asthma, Bronchitis. Consumption, Drop. Rheumatism, Gout, Lowv Spirits, Sasms. Cramps, Epileptic Fiit, Spleen General Debli;ty, Inquietude, Sleeplessaeas, Paralysis, Blood to the fead, by a pleanant aud natsral means, w hich saves fifty times its cost in other remedies. Sulppostedby testimonials from the celebrated Professor of Chymstry, Dr. Andrewv Ure. Dr. Sbordand, Dr. Harvey, Dr. Campbell, Dr. Gattiker, Dr. Wurer, Dr. Ingram; and many other respectable persons, whose health has been restored by it after all other means of cure bad failedL London, Gilbert, 49, Paternoster row. Just pblished, prioe I t free I11 4d (nN the CU7RE of FIST ULIiE ,Pies Prolapsue, &c, '. WVithout the Oprtion of the Knfe: with Ilstrhative Caes By Sl. J. VAN BUTCHELL, S Aceucheur. Being an Abdment of tho Autho's Work entid" Facts and Obserrations," & "The great srical skill and attenton of Mr. Van Butche11 to certain 5il¢nplant ofa nsortpainfnlllrt5irearewlreUknown-Beli'aMXeueer. \ ShP,pIu-blSif> 19, King William-street, Vbirlg-cnroes. NVTEDDING STATIOKERy..O largest ASz TVSORTAtENT. newest patteras and latest alterationr, at pARxKINSamd GOTTO's. eanucacto ngstatloners,24 and25l,Oxfordgtreet, N.B. ratterns sent post free- OLBY's CREST NOTE PAPE maii E1NV rOa;S sremoy stapra epedwt th rests blc-of mret ro.Gdods lies, a th rceoblain paprer. edding cads,A eneopes and ita tinatof t re and breast,m the e iethan Dkhmy 1)CHR(4EMADEtar TAMPNGPA~PZR with A C Initieh-R,DRIGU auperor h ream-laid adhes ie enDvelopes, .per 10;cu,eam-laiddnoto, fullance,Squis ftreGd.wthick hettoldry- ohesefor Is. foolscap, 9r , D ream, lc-hrec enveops Is. pe100:. aulknso saiu sqallcep.Oserve.a er odins,2, icdly -L7IAMILY ARMS.-Pesn funse wihs tce 1.' have giventhaem into bnswohv xctdte o nacordauce wiith the laws of hrlr:teeoe hs eurn AR3MS ENGRAVED. Painted, Impaled or q red, a e en have-been made by tbe Heraldic office for ther execution atch In many'c3ses less than these of the une1dlfuL Designs and lis r prices on receipt of envelope Fee, earc,ad5setch of rms, .6d, or stamps.-IL Salt, Heraldic office G reat T0unstle, Licolns-inn. .iT RETCHEDLY BBD PENS.-Buy F. hOB. TV DAs EVERLASTING GOLD PEN. and You wi r more be troubled with the above serious comphant. Eat ho cautio that yoa obtain the original article, forthere aremanyworfesiiations. The genulie pen is stamped P. Mordan, and umbered Sold 1*y jewellers and stationers, and at the manufactory, 13, Gowel-road. ET2YDE's BRITISH EMIPIRE INAKS.-" I fn E L tbeseinksdonotthicklenasordinaryinks; theyareveryfud, speedily become an intese andabiding black, and do not corrode ate pens&,-Andrew Ure, M.D.. F.B.S. ?Please order of your etatroue, -Hode and Co., sealing-wax makers, 61. Flee-street. i XN,-A New Discovery-Ink free freont acid, sedi- Sment, or corrosive action upon steel pens.-C. P. SMITH. inventor of the gold reviver for restoring old picture frames, electroplatinEr silver for renewing -orn-off plated goods, strongly recommends a trial of hisNEW CARBON INK to professional men. rapid writers, and others requirin permanenc! y and intensity of blaclness. Sample bottles, 6d eacb.-Smith. 2S1. Strand, exactly opposite Norfolk-.stt, T E COPISTE ELECTRO-CaIMIQUE.-AL new .J and simple system for copying letters without a prees, by the mere contact of the hand, extremely portable for travellers; 4to. and foolscap sizes; rolled. from 12s. ; in wrood cases, from 22s.. bpeclalitcO for fancy papers and envelopes of the most novel and elegant kind * ditto pLain of the best French and Englsh manufacturers. Papeterlei MARION, 152, Regent-street. W HO'D BE WVITHIOUT aDRl3SSLi~GCACSEI- DALTON's, Si, Regent-street quadrant: established 30years. -Ladies'and gentlemens's CASES, in wood orleatber, oontaining every requisite for thetoilet ortravelling, price only ouognmea. Cuiloryana fancy goods of all descriptions, fravelling bagas,&o. Merohants and the trade mipplled.-S Regent-street quadrant, Copy the addre3L. IDRESSII!1G CASES.-At Mlr. ME:CHrs establish. 1Jmets, 112, Regent-street,4,Leadenlmall-reot, and CrysEtal Palce, are exhibited the dine-t sporimens of B;ritish manufactures in DREBS. ING-cABFS, work-boxes, wrting-css drsing bas*nd otherarticles of utility or luxr, suitable for presentation. A seute dep tment for papter machO manucr nd bteUe Lbla. * ^ .ae cmuLlery, mrasr, n,-e3ie,trg,as. ; 6ix-- orders executed Samepric esa sU ppm E51]B da .s. TRAVELLENG TOILETTE BAGS, tfitted with dressing and writing requisites, wit-h double-ction locls and outer pockets-for ladies in morocco, lined sil; and for n tlemen in enamelled leather. Also the Patent vide-openig Travell Toilette Bag6.-EELLA YV SAVORY calls attention to his eh - rtock,of dressnDg cases andvwrlting desks in fancy woodsand in leather. to the rosiewood and ebony wvorlkboxeo, papier-machl gOoods and Joseph. Rdgers and 'Son's celebrated cnUtery. A chow room on the frst door -Belm Savory, dressing-cae makrer. 28, Combhil oppnosite the lRoyal.' f wRNAIEINTS forthe DRA%ING ROOM, library " dining room, consisting of vases, figures, qroups. candieaticsinkstands, obelisks, inlaid tables. watchstands, &c., as, ItaliLu alabaster marble, bronze, Derbyshire spar, &c, Imported and manufacturedb;J. TETNNANT GIate Mawel. 149, Strand. 1?EDSTEADS Irn and Brass, in every variety: LI French, 25sl; abian, lIe,; canopy, S3s. ; four-poet, 84s.: stump, l9s.; folding, 12s. 6d: chdlden's cots. 20a Mattressea and beddin ofevery kInd.-At T. MADGWIC's, 11, Pavement, Finsbury. REDDING.-Economy, Durability, and Comfort.- J. and S. STEER's SPRING and FRi6TCH MATTRESSES make ihe most elastic and softest bed. A price list of every description of bedaing, blankets, and quilts cet free- Bedsteads of every decrp tion in woD iron, and brass, cribs, cots, c. Eiderdown quilts in silk and cotton cases.-J. and S. Steer, bedding, bedstead, and bed room furniture manufacturers, 13, Oxford-street. T ION'VALIDS.-The PATENT ACCUMULA- T OTOlt SPRING. BED is the softest and most elastic yet offered to the public, and canbe adaptedto any bedsteadin wood or iron. Easy chairs, couches, sofas, bedsteads, bedding, linen, bed tables, bed chais exercising horses, leg re sts, commodes, and other article, of furniture, for hire or sale,-At BALLS, FORlAN, and Co.'s extensive furniture warehouse, 170, Oxiord-street, and 10,11,1]2, and 13, Brd-stret .- nhture purchosedor exchanged. SUPERIOR BEDDING, and thelarges andnmost varied and fashionable colection of bedsteads in mahogany, walnut, birch and fancy woods, brass and iron fixedwviai the furni. ture and bedling complete. Also anunequalei aesortmet of wellseasoned chamber furniture alwpys on show in these extensive fornature gaeriezs and show rooms, The bedding is manufactured of thoroughly purified materials in the French, German, and lEnglias st-les, by native workmen. Purchasers before 'eciding are invited-to visit this uique establishment, which wil be found unrivaUed in extent as weU as for the magnitude of furnishingrequisites di*Vayed, suitable for completely frrnihirin any class of home. the whole beiun manufactred by fr-rate workmen, Awritten wrranty is given. and the prices beinlg marked in plain iigures, Parties can mzake their ow.n calculations and avoid the annoyance of delusivs estimate. Superior dining room chairs, l9s. each: caspets ls, peryardunder the usual price.-DBIJCE and Co., upholsterers cabinet and beddin manufacturers, 68, 69, and 58, Baker-street, Portman-square, N{.. Nahogany washtands weith marble tops, 32. each: best catent iron bedsta, wth dovetailed joints, 14L ,, ech; emigrant'k ditto, ifs, THE BEST BEE) for a CHII3) i3 one Of THE. tal aI bys METAIrm C COTS, four.eet long, trowfeetd. Ie, with mouvbl sides and pilars csters, and'brass vass, pricec21s., incluodng a cooanut-fibre mattress. Packed and delivered at any rallay eta. stun in thekointdom fort2tse,-T. Breloar, ironbedsteal manufacturer, Pl2c, CLdgaen-bol. Wus T PLACES.-Aor letters tO ba POSt paid. <jv1SE in a gentleman's family. Quite competenti. to .Lltake ababy from the month,-E. B.. 39, Barrow-rd., I'addiragtou. xURSE in a gentleman's family. No objection to .L the aoumtryorto travel.-A B., Trimmer's, post-office, Brecknockplace. Camden-town.z pntJSE tO one or tWO children, in 3 small private faIN mily, or Under Nurse in a gentleman's family. ge 15. Good character.-IL B., Ladd's, post-office, Barrow-road, adigten, T ADYIS-MAID, or Needlewoman. Age 30. Thorough J.J dressmalker, hairdresser, &c. Good character.-M. T.,81,Bigh. street, Marylebone. T ADY'S- MAID (UNDEB,), or the care of one or two little CJ girls. Age 21. Well recomnerded,-.L L., 75, Harley-street, Cavendish- square. OUSEREEPER. -No objection toatradesman's family. 4 years' excellent cbaracter.-E IL, Bouthron's, 106, Begent-st. TOUSEKEEPEi, or General Servant to a single gentle11 manorlady,a widow. Good cook. Goodcharacter-I}A.,33. Queen-street, Edgeware-road. CIOOK in a small family.- E . Z, Toaer's, 12, Wels. CV street, Oxford street. (OOK and HoUfSEMAID, to live in one familv. Town or country. Good character.-A. AL, 6, Clremont-terrace. Kensington, POOK (GOOD PLAI) in a gentleman's family. Steady, C active, age 26. Two years' good charactcr.-G. L., 53, Market-- street, Edgeware-road, ooK (PLAIN), or General Servaatwhere a boy is kept. C Age 25-A. B., 8, Pearl-place, Diamond-row, Spepney-green. (oox (PLAIN'), in a small family. Middle.aged. Well C recommended.-S. A., Tyler's, irLiterer, N;erthumbertland-paage, Strand. I OVSEID in an hotel or first-class lodging-house.- C. C., Brookng's, grocer, Batteraca-square. gousEAiD in an hotel or tavern.-E. S., Corey's, R 2. Jermyn-street, St. James's H OUSEALD, where a footman is keDt. Age 30. ]L No objection to t.-avel.-A. B., Williams's, 18, Conduit-street.. Westbourne-terrace. H OSEMAIDand PAtLOJRMAID, orHousemaidand to wait on the lady, in a family, a footman kept. Ago 23. GoDd needlewoman. Would travel.-A B., 3. Sidmouth-place, GraYs-inn-road. TTOusEmAID in a gentleman's or tradesmans family. XL Age 20. Good character. City preferred.-M. A., 12, Little Compton-street, Soho. HOUSoEMAiD, where a footman is kept. Six years character. Age29.-A. B.,4, rlbrrough-tcrcace, Malboroughroad, Brompton. OUSEMA2ID (U.NDE,R) or Scullerymaid. No objection to the country. Age 15.-B. S., 5, George-street. Grocvenor4q. T1AIADRl9AID ( Thrceyears' gooSI charaeter.-D. I,., 209, BlsckfriarsroadL T AUNDRYMAID (UPPER) in a gentleman's family, or LSingle-handed. Good character. Understands herbusiness tho.- roughly. Livedingoodfamilies.-G.CQ,303,Rotherhithe-st,,Rotherhithe, I B.ri nE_mA3D, or Housemaid in an hotel, tavern. C or any rerpectable house of business, Ago 28. Good character. -M-. B., 1S, Great James-street, Bedford-row, ntolboh - IHAxBERxAID, or Housemaid in an hotel or any re., Epoctablehouse, ayoimg woman. Twoyears' good character.- P. S., 17, WKest-street, Golden-square. KITCHNleAD in a gentleman's family. A e 22. Udrtn her buainers, Tovwn or country. Good cfiaracter. - A, Gurnev's, 4. Jamnes-pw lwtrtr;s dDtn A r.N and WiFE, as In-door Servant and Plain Cook. 1i or as General Servants to a single gentleman, Without family. Age 30.-A. Z., Hammond' grocer, };emp-town, Brighten. B_T_ , orValet. Single,age32. Townorconntry. h ree Yeauf undenble cbaraeter.-L. J., Speaces, baker, Duke.- street,Portland-place, PPIER SERVAEN where a footman or page is kepE an -J active. experienCe;, middle-aged man. Good character.-0. O.,. Walker's, 49, Paddington-street. TPPEL, SERVANT out of livery, where a footman or- boyis kept, or Singe-banded in a small family. Tvo years' chracier. Ago 30.-J. W., 25, Great Mrylebone-street, Portland-3place. JN-DOOR SERVANT in a small family. Country pre- fererod. Age 19.-C. C., pot-office, 15, Chaing-cross FGE"'A SERVAT in a smal family. Sober, steady, troatworthy, single, age 38. Good character. Country preferred.- B. S. 28,2Eccloston-place, imlioo. OOT.- under a butler. From the country. Age F22. Six years'c'naracter.--C.J., Rudd, 20, Weymouth-s*4t COACHMAN. Can wait at table, and wiRing to make w hirMelf usefaL-H.Lh., 4, Suffolk-street, alit-malU east, COACHMAiN, or Coachman and Groom. 4i years' good c character.-G. W., 14, Queen-street, Edgeware-road. COACLAN. Married, age 35, without encumbrance. Two Sears' charaeter. Town or country.-M. K., 1, Bryanmt0nmcws West, Bryanston-squaro. (OACRE&Ni. Town or country. Age 30. First-class . character. Thoroughly understands his buainess,-H. D., 89, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, OAC} (O0U-DOOR), er Groom. Age27. UnderC tands =en. Two years' good characder.-T.N., post-office, Lower Tooting, Sury COACHMAN. Mlarried, withoutencumbrance. Knorws town welL, No objection to the country. Age 33. Seven yerw chara^ter.-AB., Hinidson's, saddler, Charles-street, Grosvenor-squae. DAC N, an active man, in the prime of life, in every eeS Dect Irhs business. Eight year' unexceptionable chb' racierfreomta noblemnnhs-W. A., poet-ome, Cookham. Berl;s. (OACEMAN and GROOMf. Light weight. Age 30, marC ried, no encumbrance. Knows town. Two years' good character. -E. V., Thompson and Holnds, coahbuilder Oxford-street. GBsOOM and GARDEN-:. 14 mnonthse character.- lr T. Bloomzfield, 193, UJpper Thruea-treet, city. G1 itoo or Groom and Gardener. No objection to cows. ulArried. Flve years' character. Country preferre-G P., Suti' saddler, Stratford, Essex. 'I BOOM, or Valet, to a single gentleman. Age 22. Town r country. Good character.-W. ., Brown's, , Avery-row' Bod,street, FA3 3B F in all its various branches. Stock of N all Hindslghestreferdncegiven. Middle-agel, Singlc.-T.H., N 95, *mrouse, Edgeware-road, London. D OrTEl Read, Share, or Single-handed, a young man J Gcdraith, Town or country.-H. O., theBTan, Ncw-r roa Al=, in an hotel, tavern. or any respectable h ouse of busines Experienced in dty and wes end. Ae 25, IL D., is, tafford-ga-te mouth, 'imico.
SALES BY AUCTION. TO Drapers, Silkiriercers. and Clothiers. R~VI. THOMAS HEMMING Will SELL by AUCkil TION, at heLs New Rooms, S. Pilgrim-stre-t. Ludgate-hill on0 F'riday next, Junoe6,unawa.rds of5200lots of DRAPERY GOODS, rich silks, ready-made clothes, Ac. On view Thurs3day. adeatalo.gues bask N-a. Removed from Farringdon-atreer. To Housle, Glorers, sod Outtitters. _Lnl B. THOMAS HEMMNING will SELL by AUC- 4LTION. at his new Reoo,s. 5. Pilgim-street, Ludgate-hlill, on Flrilay next, June 6. the STOCO in TRAD of Allen Jones, of BirEingham abankrupt, amounting to X580 at the co~st price, aUl first- eE%~ody On view on Thursday, and catalogues had. N. B. ReraF oaFarringdon-street. P'oeltiye Sale, Monday next -Five brick-bult Dwelling-housee, lease 74 yas roducing £152 per annum *R. GEO. VORGA L "will SELL by AUCTION, 3at the Albert Tavern. Garden-row, London-road, Sonthwark, on Monday next, June 2. at 12. int tots, FIVE DWELLING-ROUSES. Has. 9, 10, 1i, and 12, Richmond-street, and 32, Albert-terrace on thle IPb-la-trbopic estate,-London-road, Southwark. Partic'.lars of theasueItoneer. Weztmlnster.roael. MisUcellaneousBooks, 3 .L.A. LEWIS will SELL, at his House, 125, reeLon ondy. un0, an tw folowngdys,valaable Haghh Prtflio f Setces,Prou's ntiuitis o Chste: Schola gtaUa, Lvereeges Wrks,andnumeousbooks of prints;Pna' One thousand ounces of Plate. Jewellery. Watches, Uc. EI. JOHNSON will SELL, at the City Auction oos,39, Graccchurch-street. on Monday. June at 12, 1.000 ounces of modern and antique PLATE, in cream ewers, tea and coffee mer7ices. tankards, mugs, cups forks, spoons, &c.; costly Jewellery. inc:uding a magnificent brilliant cross, single-stone and clustre brilliant rig,pius, and studs, gold neck, guard, and Albert chains. English and Geneva. gold and siliver watches adother valuable effects, On view this day and morning of sale. Cataogues had at the rooms, Hounslow-hoatha. withiin ab few minutes' walkc of the Railway Station. TJR. GOATLY is instructed bv-the mort"nagees, under JJA a oeo ae t ELb tO.N, at toeo`eeaigtou Inn, Chocefrit res,Als nnecotags,Thewhleare motdtht andcnditonsf sae cn behad f J Iviey.Esq.. solicitor, ?33 Soutampon-uildngs th plce o sae ;andof the auctioneer, Del,zrave-road, Pimlicn.-Well-mainufactured Furniture, Pictures A R Prints, Plated Gods, Wines, and Effects, -Ir W. W. LUCKING-wfll ELL by AU0TI0N, -YonthePremLss,20.UpperEecleston-plaoi,Belgrave-ruad,PimlacD. aTaoguimes ontepremises; Gnandr Catbth nete ofd thei auctiner a,d others. G ~EO. F, CORBETT will SELL by AUCTION on I Tuesday. Jun-e 3. at 1, on the premises York-road, LamUeth. inearthe Waterloo Station (removed for the convenience of sale), about 50 loads of capital dry WALNUT PLANK, and a. few loads of Sycamore and Lime, in plank, lotted to suit the convenience of purchasers brfay bo viewed the day p eedn and mnorning of sale, and catalogues bad at theDulke of York nd Hero of Waterbsoo.Waterloo.road; at the lace of sale ; and of the auctioneer and timber surveyor. Lewvisham, To Contractors and others.-Saven capital Homses in good conditiont. the Ha, esa for ditto, nine Water Carts (three qutite new), a niearly new Van. a Chaff Machine by Wediake. &-c. WELSi'OR andCo. Will SELL by ION onthePreise, 1o~-l-ews, Shep herd's-bushmaret o Tesay Jn0, t 2 orI,th gnuneST0CICinTRA.DE of r. , Hreob, n ccoat f hs etirlyrelinquishin- the wateringof heparsh th aoveprpery;andth whole of thaeUtensils tnTrneofaanma. On iew onda and oraig ofsale. Csitalogus o th prmise: ad o th aucioner.35,NewChurch-street, PreUlmiary.Notice of Sale of the Eolesworth Castle Estate, Cheehire. 714ESSES. CHURTON have the pleasing satisfac- t7 ion to announce3 that they have been Ihonoured with instructions from the Executors of the late Thea. Crallan, Eeq., to maake preparations for the SALEF by AUCTION.to beheld some time during the autumn of the present year, of the highly important arid beautifully situate FREEOLD RhiTATE of BOLESWOR TH, with ito maodernbuilt Castle. Farmstese S;,-A., and comprehending in thowhole upvwads of 2,400 am-es of fertile land, in the highest state of cultivation. In the mean time applications may bo addressed to Mr. Clough, solicitor. Mlanchester: Messrs. John Morley, or WVilliam Chapman, the executers, Manchester - or Messrs Churton, the auctioneers, Whitechurch. Shropshire, or Nhester. Importanit Landed Estates. in the counties of Northamptonj, Bedford, and Huntingdon. of between 1,400 and 1,200 acres. W MI. MIEDLAND announces that he is instructed to SELL by AUCTION , at the Mfart, London, oni Friday, June 27. in lots, SIX valuable FARMS, containing 1.449a. Or. 17p. of very productive amble ann posture land, occupied by respectable and retponsibe tenants, situate in the parishes of Great Catworth, Tilbrook-. Stw,ad Covington. The greater portion of this property in freeh2old; the remindimer being copyhold, dune certain, is; equal in value to the freehold. Printed particulars, with litnog-a~phic plans, are pro- ~rn,and in the meantime further information may be obtained of esaraFarrer, Curvy, and Farrer. 66. Lincoln's.inn-fields, London; Char. CbsDay, Coilywf;ston, near Stamford; or of Mlr. Geo. Day, Mr. Samuel Day, and the auactioneer, all of St. leot's, Hluntingdonshire. W%atworth-roact-Genuine HouselbuldFuxniturs.Fixtures, and Effectscopiigst of mahogany dlinin,g tables, eight cancies and sofas; in loeath?ertg slheaircl ot h, Ilarge ch imn ey-gase,three pianofortes, bracket clock on marble stand, library oflboks (about 1,5)0 vote.), sets of sweep-back chatirs, easy chairs, large Brussels carpets, beds, bedding. Ac. WAR) wll ELLbyAUCTION, at his -Itoms.Hampon-tree, Wlworh-rad,on Tuesdacs lan 4 a 1 eah ay aout$0 ltsof ex_e~ lent HOIYSEIIOLD nd the Fixturesand Fittings of two larg publioouses, nd a nerly newbuilder'rc cart with Drabe'spatnt xle, Ma bevieed n Mnday and mooming of sale. CatlogCs o e hd a th romsandoffreof the auctioneer. 7, Wal- First-class Stock- of Wanes,. MnR. GEORGE KNIGHT is instructed toDISPOSE T of the following BOTTLED WINES, at the 'dart, on Tuesday, June 3, at .12 for 1, vi7., 217 dormn of SLue old cruLsted Ports, shipped by Ofitey, Webber, and CD.. Quarles Harris, and Sandeman, from two to six years in bottle. 110 dozen fresh bottled Port, Bruino Silva and Soens shipplny, 415 dozen Fico's,! Miss's Garvey's, Gonzalez and Dubec', ad Pul nd asts~ ale god,and brown Sherries, 50 dreozen ar B enethFos,adC.s, Sue sparkingha hampagne,ss and 0adoen stnd sold to coerasehovahuses.As in cshepstJules loinand Coisnu bail-chambers, city.er-lne,14non Erehola ad Laseols, n Brmighan.Byiesrs.ngaC,anESohoR sodGiISO at he Hn an ChikensHote.1 New-tret,shil BirminTheal.ouabesday, Ju 3celne ou17.iat aryo'clockhafternoon,einalots, OficeU Funiue aneod Houserffcs and Shops,eJ A. Mayna-sree,Es. R.eCns-ae cOG ONsitn of 2 houEsL and lAndCTIfeeOlda house And mnefactorymath corner of F oeeWteyt and CBarceyi steea ton freehodhustes and land Tusat.the one of June.e and Charlesu2 Heny stlrees 1r lheasxehuold thoesi vaIhbeepre LA live lasCehLdhEOUSea Love-Ane. For paticulars,J wit playnsr, applyo toheInnrsTe Flaae, barung.erand Jaw. s Thelawlitrary c2,nEssx-agodstelect.iondn of M7r. text beck.~a solctor, 1.seisof thempReportsdito Chanery-lane,tiLondon; -fmr.cellaneos Jones, solpicior Bhennett's- of BimientGham,and FrenhoandItll.iandauthors sandofrtenaucihwonerks, &U, Theofiett'urhnituBrm- ise malaberLaw and cmpisellhandoebouscse,Library, oehrwl thbes capiol OFll.Ic FunTure arnd thoera Efflectsiof txhelated Jt A,e Maynrd,borough Barrister-at-LawPallmall IWISP.SHODGONTEwill SELL bye AclietIOl ato hisL bddy. ATheO2 , andtuedy the G da o June 'l-atll haf-aS 12. by IBRAtRI ofrthe lat Jn A.Myad,Eq,o the InnerEOLGIA Temple, barrgeite-atlaw ;Th la lhibrary umconta ins ooneectiyone kofwoen tetbos,a elasasriesyoofefatheedt Reporou tsnto o=theu presenttiome. th miscllaeou boks ompisethewors o einthGermane,Frnch anddItali naThors,sadard tenglish wyorksun, c athe oeoffc uritr is mlodser, ancopie handsome deabookcasiyesiec,librarytabes.n maho-n eanyecatepis,fdesks, lamps,an14day etnsv scr1f amed w,cotinn Nc.nT be roewed, dosadncataoguedns g n praintros, ueu Jitemsy stallstable il-The riholog_ithcoalolction' erhiite atd lotheoMar,lbowrog SSRS. at Gallery, Pail-mall.mien hIMI'~U FOST R andSON ar ireThed teno SEL 11.at peciel inlos, heORITHLpeCr EXHIBITou n , et rare andvauab--elesecmanufalctuedmao almost unlimite expelensefo thnedfourtqager paoforthe,globe.theTopicantl Birds,th Serieso Ehiales, thneBrdso ana-.die,er theArgus, Phoeasa rof rnts, and theMacws endtar furntsur fremakbebilac fclu. and each bird fslsofarranged 'Ntue EachScSe form lot On toe gatisotill theysle and ITye ISELL ofAWIOht,-By Mr. EDWeyRD MAVIN-cm, sivenr's Htrel,~ R'l ydie, onToia,the efcsr Tdfo 12t ayo Jun-e, th-t1e Eao'lock, e 6coeEaiti ther valuablen properity, sl tnow l is he ountt ..L H.ousWe,dneadaome due tached failcu1yrednc, stuat FR,Ins Sue elevatomedspato Rpadis caommiyandingextnsv seabviabewas, contaiin stal tzable, mw cochhose ithn coathchm ansrom and souitsboer boerdng gsia mhvarde,lnantrrac eawalsfomin dawtogenherbloet c n dein 2nsomfoingrtabeoma,id presdecefr ax libargefurniy Tetu enur incldn leaisehold forge92covers, suin torocc6peer annu ground rabent. Pariculcars ma be haidat thedhoin th siver oes, P ort-lsmouthk, and cpausthapnd dtither waucton, Mardt;be , of Ie,gra H. and broLakead auctineer.ity~, of hom crds o rvie mmay eoba cined. Itce furntur, ad mny Sefu dol ef ets. 7rESSRS. SUMM~sERS SWORDER, anid SUM- 4.LMERS will SELL by, AUC9ION, at the Windmill Public-house, Standon, on Tuesday, June 10. all3, in one lot, by direction of the ProPrietor. a desirable FREEHOLD PROPERTY, comprising an excellent residence, pleasantly situate in the village, near the church. 'Ihe houze in substtntially brick-built, and contains three principal and three secondary bed rooms, entrance-hall, lofty and well-proportioned dining and drawFing rooms, kitchen, spacious dry celLarage, and other offices Large yard a p reached byfolding gates. staLling fm- threehos, bar=(hich mightbocaaily converted into additional stabling if reOl1ire). and other out-buildings pump, and well of good water, proeductive garden and appurtenances, containing altogether I rood and 2 poles;: also two Pieces of very superior pasturo land, conveiaiently smtuate opposite the house, containing three acres and 12 Lxles ; thie whole now in the occupation of the Rev. Joshuia Ground. ±'osseseion may e ha oncompetio ofthe urchse.The residence is most convenenty stuae a ahuningbox bengwithin two relies of the kenel f te Pckeidg fohouds,andsixmiles of the railway statio, a Bihops SoetordandWar. T beviewed one week previous ko te sle o aplicaionto te tnant P ctilars and conditions. of sal ma b ha a th Actin Mrt an o Mesr. Lw,Hussey, andIfuber, 1 Ne-sqare Licol's-nn,Lonon;at hePlace of MHyde Horse, Edmonton, Mfiddleeex-Excellent Purnitur6 Plate, Linen, Paintings. Stuffed Birds and Reptiles Biliard Tatile, rare Aloes and Greenhouse Piantr, Carriage,% Horses Cows, &o. TjlH OMAS COMIPTON has been favoured with in- JLstructions fro- the Administrator of the late Mrs. Susannash Wash to SELL by AU-CTION, without reacree, on the Promises, H~yde 'Side, Edmon'ton, en Tuesday, June 3, and two folowing days, at 11 each day, all the genuine HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, comprising mahogany four-post and other bedsteads, capital feather beds, mattreas3es bedding, and the usua requisites for four principal and six secondary bed chambers, numerous pier and chimney glasses large Meraste and Turkey caPets dining, leo, andisoa tables, a grand patent acwtenente by Maot. Indian tables, chew boards, and ornaments, full. mined billiard table by Seddon, oi Paitutlp and egraings, elepantlygut gl1- -d China,. wardrobe Of fine linen, and good assortment of culinasY artIcles about 1,W000 Orof Plate, and various elegant plated articles greenhouse Plants comPrlsig aloes of rare groarth, crangn and lemn tees cmelias arl~'~ct, , ~ -- utenils,pairof sans,bandome ows nd pgs,towbulladn doube-boiedfourwheled haie, mll thaeto,dgcr,ri a cariae ores grdn iplmets sd arousvaualeefecs.he lievieed n atudayan Modaypror o te ale ndctlag 3.149 Barrels Damaged Flour. MESSRS. FULLER and HIORSEY w4ill SELL by Iii AUCTIO N, as the Castle Tavern. Mark-lane. on blondy., June 2, at 3peilY. in lets, on account of the Underwriters, 3.169 barrels AMERICAN FL.URt (damaged). ex Woodcock, fron' New Yo-k, lying at Gun und Shot-wharf, Tooley-street. To be viewed in bulk, aind amples seen at the offices of the auctioneer, at any time previous to the sale. Catalogues mnay he had at the Castle ; and of Measrs. Fuller sad Homey. I. Bilhiter-street, city. To Engineers and others. M ESSRS. FULL-ER and HORSEY arc inistruietedi by the Assignees of R. J. Polease to SELL by AUCTION, at the Atlas Works, orought-road, on I onday, June 2. and following. day at IL in lots, without resere, the valtuable TOOLS and MA.- OHINEIIY of an ENGINEEII: one powerful 34)-inch ceutre self-acting lathe, by Fox. bed 30 feet; one 13-inchsself-actinglatbe, by Collier : one 13-inch and one 9-inchazell-acting screw-cutting lathie, beds 10 feet and 17 feet,by Smith, Ileacockc, and Tannett : one IG-inch self-acting screw. cutting lathe by Lewis, with spherical slide one 6-inch scere-cutting lathe, one 7-inch self-acting scrw-cuitting K~loie by Aus,thin two 6-inch, two 7-inch. one 6-inch. and one 12-inch back- geared slide lathes with iron beds; 6-feet lathes, self-acting screw cutting machine, two planing machines seven drilling machines 14-horse powr nigh pressure steamn engine, two steam boilers, wrought iron sating and riggers, vices, benches stocks and dies, steel tools, valuable patterns, and numerous other effects. To be viewed on Saturday previous t5 -the sale, wrhen caitalogues may be had on the premises; arid of Messrs. Fuller and Homsey, Bilhiter-street. city. Patent Portable Corn Mills and the LettZi Patent. M1~ESSRS. F,ULLER and HORSEY ure instructed ±11to SELL by AUCrION, at the Aktlas Works. Borough-road. in lots, on Tnesday. June 3, at 11, FO11UR PATENT PORTABLE HAND) CORN-UMLlS, fitted with French burr stones and finished In the beat mianner; also Letters Patent for Great Britain and Ireland forimnprovezuenta in corn mills, for14 years, from.TuLe 4.1853 At the same time will be sold, Three valuable Paint Grindling Mills, with turned iron rolls To be viewed on Saturdy previous to the sae. when cataogutes may be had on the premises; deLtd of Messrs. Fuler and Horsey. Billiter-atreet. city. To Embossers. Printern, Booikbindewp ad;Otbems 'A,[ESSRS. FULLER and HORSE are instructedl Lto SEL by ACTION at th Atia Workso. Borough-road, adaped or mbosin6cloh :alsosixpatntloook-folding machines, two op~plae pintng mchies,andtwocuitting machines. To be vieed n Sturay reiou tothesal, wencatalogues may be had on th premses:and o Mesrs. Fllerand H~y.Bsil. ilsr-treet..city. To Coppersmthas, Distillers, and others. 1'JrESRS. FULEER and HORSEY will SELL by .,LYL AUCTION. atAhe Atla Weltks, as above, on Tuesday. June a, TWO COPPIER STILIS, about~ 20allons each ; one 4-feet copper vacuum pan and meter. two wrought-iron water tar&s, a small sodawater apparatus. To be viewed on Saturday previous to the sale, 'when cataloguea may be had at the Work's; and of Messrs. Fuller and Horsey, Billiter-street, city. To Mfilrights, Mlillers, AMiltone-makers and others, M ESSRS. FULLER andl HORSEY are instructed by the Assignees of R1.J: `P61glase to SELL by AUCTION at the Atlas WVorks, Borough-reed, in lots, without reserve on TuesAs June 3 at 11, EIGHT PAIR four-feet FRENCH RbIRR MISTbNFES , with~ wrought Fpindlez, massive driving gear and shating 'recently atv work at theShadwellAMills, To be viewed on Saturday an Monday previous to the sale.whcn catalogues may be had at the works; orof Messrs. Fauler and Homsey, Billiter-street, city. To Ixonfounders, Smiithis, and others. M ESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY are instructed by the Assignees of B. J. Polglass to SELL by AUCTIO N, at the Atlas Works. Borough-road. on Wednesdasy, June 4, at 11, in lots, without reserve, the PLANT and TOOLS of aShellFoundry; 500 pai east iron shell boxes. three wrought iron cupolas, Lloyd's fan, erection of drying stoves, 80 tons damaged shells, 50 tonsi wrought, scrp, and broken cas iron, 20 tens new road and bar iron, cast, shear, and spring steel, I, tons galvanized corrugated iron roof plates, four s:oiths' forges 'with bellows and anvils, eight tons pig iron, smithse tools, stores of various descriptions, files brass work, washers, and burrs, iron pipe, 20 bags or nails. one ton old files, rivets, weighing machine, crab crane. blocks and falls, 20 chaldron of coke, and other effects, To be viewed err Saturday previous to the sale, when catalogues may be had on thspremLres, and of Messrs. Fuller and Homaey, BWliter-street, City, Highly-finished double-cylinder Steam Engine. M~jESSRS. FULLER anid HORSEY are instructed ML oSELb AUCI,o thPmiON 3,ontePmis,89, Union-stree t,ouharc SuhakonThursday ue5 June 5h atO11. anew highly-fianise doubleslactigpyl n ahidrTA Ln'e, sef-oactingerwshapingmachine. setmating flywheel wcith, weroygt-ironl shlfaft,gboin and apartu,refaaptcifor late orne1o-ri bcmgentrih ~theconsumpinchf felf wcillngstrewceed3gla'b. whlc, wiheatlogus, aybeobtane f Mslies ullter andr homey, Billitet-street. city.dstee ToSS EgnesM a lndgoters. e,. M S FULLER andl HORSEY a-einsELuctby toSELLONo thy PremTses, on89d. Junin-tee6t, at1Sou thewPreqo Thursday, June 8,-i?1d. thoedTOOLS and STOC, ofI anYDRGIULER oESeah w-inch, 6-inch. anS-inch hau1ick-geared slide felahsfour eahigh-d pressre stam enines fihh f flheoro e power,ta eachr, seven tos, 00 eetshaTing Irigges,undgenarng, smth'sfreeadtos grnsoESSand FramEs, R larg ndsr to pattErns andl nuErousy oteefct.TIobe vitewe Auton Wednesdan prvonaJusnote s6,atle,whe drcationge mabo hde the premises;f . J Pogandose srs ule abnrp,60tnd o HoJmey, S, HElLe-ere, cim ~to 3icy.aeo iedcl la Soth dro,andlying atSthemPu Arsngangne, Woewic.Tob GeogeA ble, sq, slebo,ns an Od Jewry s. ara te Mai nst wcteh toAUSELLNbyaUtON t en Friday. Jhuneay Jth. at 12.0ondthen Pre mirses,lass Curta,in-road,nghoreieb inr vlalot,eIGHPT HWRALI PurlesE, warith7ic,s ic, and 10sipngo inchtames, ofiv f1t8ngeah andI rolr;five womith botables, fegethwie, anduthe with tablesn4feet wide;i twoe stamd pca png be nginres,iee forrand s high horseapo erec, withra tbonses andoc old chrumps aot 1fromefu poears Coisevneasi boitler,fv Tehydrauln band pumpts, threestexrascylindemsands Frams;e's 1,00 fteet ofwproug ht ron pipe, wefight ing,machine,thre botlen,shofwaseb beep n, and oterefecs,T be0iewd ozn Thurdypereious toery the sale. whnenI br,owne maynben haSoherr premises;e or f Messro Fullrer and 3 Hozey, BumllseSamplest,mciy. b a tayiebpTet h theN aate uctioner woaetu Miart,d on Mondaygue the 6,e tat 12,hb directioan ofte Adsigeredstrofl Rin Plia acodnewtth banksptIe61 tosofm ari boeh viron, and taing at the eRoalso WrednesaylprWoouws to bhe vlewe. ee aspet ae yee Catalogues may be h tthMat;ndoMessFulrand o George Ashliey. tee%, slcitory ,Od. ws!a h ar;adwt card etodviwof Mesrs.bullerg sand lHomey,an BItr-natreet. fMr MiESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY, win SELLuctby XL CTOIatthe Mart, on Thuresday, StLo July 26,,(ls a .0n dozpaben offe firs-lassUIDNGES,TinluIngsomevEry valuable PORTKS,i of,% C.are. Hlarre, andthe Sons' shippinge of vitages oaubef180ead 1842t from Macivertoy1 yheasei botrle,whchtogether aocutp210 ditof1n. 2Thisp winei sctarce and Blckanlbe tonglthecoppendtd foris hig chwaracte, atiseveral tother shpes thre Th ipes of aPortu wine reenl wottled,g chippedcb Qfronages,e tharis Thmsh and Sos;30rosntofesuperiornShrr,includingd adoe Oucellas,pSampleskmaylbe band anthan Woime bylwc pamet.They wnesar te liungtion celas 25, Vitorienos-yr Line the solecustodyhihofn the auctioees whuon Rarethu dienale topledgeio wt temelvsta threr wines shdalldb deildstrictsietalyinsaccordane witoahfo the sampesysown ae. Catalfrguest mabeouhadut the Mart;b and ofcka Mesns, ullrtan WoolwichIditerstfrometk city. n emnu nPnhmsie,b Theaetnstvof Shipbuildngrestanlisouhmernt adIron ofteWorkso are tealiy fomuLLERt and Thesouresohe stain con nction wtthhe cementp of thepuidng ontera siton offerfor' andLebyralCTIO ra ibe Marts, on Weneqday, i Othewrldpad of Juyet,(ulssa acetable offer be preaviousl maee byPriate Countrcte, inforlt the exteI nsiv C,J Maretogehrwt the yrs while rof the voraluable fie Polan an tiar,s with00 theThms; oto of therork havi enifce ng a1 diret frontagenextethe Tames.omthe laundfrontpagesofabu0t on Trniy-ead angdelOrchred-plcihcaac,tcral adonfthe North Wxecutedcha Raiway frthe forth Lad wraldwaye drecutcmuiation.Ith whlfliththepnorthent Teandlmidanddistricts isr testablished Th uppr anh from itheit isd easyinand fovrequentstro.hn the deinuay,brhlcw and Oina.teGnorth Wowic Linesfrmtheirnrl ta jovintterinu Cmain enc huebstvret by mlcean Cofmwhich ththeuhWerntandsouther divisinyof the wothrks,ar rneqachedwtin half, anshur;atherein asoed an withoutace Bow-ree fora the faciit-o mommn ication. Thy e raesore t he rnwestHiablshmen ofo 350thepronsbresnofthipbuldin, conePrsince ofe irn,andia ghenerdalpesnthes Aragwos, are uroneqa, di the woren ld,.h upw iaardf3,00 toeJans 0 thip 'icto ro'Emanuelbsth Gnand lanhed Tmint the yearse 1813e andh yayotes; ds, wahileform the forgeanirono wRkssi un. wais ofi17n0ss toneo VirYOn havepbee hammeredh androled wthinap theiamcez period, ie andfromrtedfoundriestingwarranof3e000toso chastings rpdeiveed wthe hlghchactro the worksr caredxecutperedtlhasugane vesselsThaewbeen builuteda fot hen forgo-av bee depuartinmegnttude incudig crnk saft upwyus f, tossian Spaisht, and Screw,ndsoftheGenegest SteamNaigation Compnis the Dvcpl ugnersMain Packe thotCompany teiheSouth-Wesernodaiwan Crompadny and otears,x uednegale in stz,onsurpased eninseerigd,pandwthouta failue ixcuedan consierasle. m porto ftherma beinamed) thela renownd Himup alaya Of , 310tons bfwrugden,ithe PrdezfrathePrne thet CIndia, h yap h irgo, th(Ies Crsu, the Got olden Rleece, thinins rh aon, thefo VictoerEmmanuel,f the Glckeno a.athey'andit the persevernote, withn mokan othpers;n aomlsoyctsd for the Eow perorg of Rustminaand whiseignes the bo ieroyke f degpat;mand, suchiae thler e;aptherpdt withhrs pwhi chntheworksuaedcarriedyonTis perfectplysr prisding. The work te fecuted aotonf the forgohaert,adhv beeneulinmgtude,inc nludingh onrankshat upwanerds sof. 20itones inwih,andpt tergngmakeof thelarges drescriptionfrth e principal egners ino London, tho 5ton,tal twegtof hammeoere irving prodbre irne oneyenarexresing 1i0 fo ltens. ahe engneorerigdbpronensinhav sexraecutneds considerable portio Dofwthe powrftanl TubuarBidge,n pupwangrdsofw1,00 tonls ofwrugt-ironatbridgeesrfo thf which Indi Railtefrthe wrought. ironrk,sidthsforgthe plothendo Raglwa, the bealnt; iurona roof fotrs lthestermnus tofthe lck hewhoieaiy and the pocinrtio of the iran wokrk,atrsndwthcomplthed fordhew bmridgemet,at Weonaiderabl whrieiLnewwthebil hermyakrs' d spatmnt m arn bo ilra ers hp usitd wtoh,00-orsefuacs powrearngbe pureducedannuarlly.nTh macines, builing arietong tahie,frevehold ~ng of thes kc operty an d hae beengop wt rolling mhais, lath e founrisengineer's shpaop,smothies,lpres an pattenll makter' sihos andbe are fited wit fivrameths. hammers fromlig thus afordsing machtwo-f oldkcpaciy,w til Morsmoersthe setea of rllingth m hisfrplates an are , w2sp orkeuid bodning Yeslftelmstea eonngies Beuamkl t 30-om powert, pat-owrulshe,Dar-uing and punchingmpesses bendingJ rol, pann aTnderslottn mahnsrlling, machies,o naiume work smthso forgaes, paclate,fo thge, tando balliby furnacs fitwters laths an toos,ae Thein wole tot the macthinery,ic by thebest maers , eand withl the modernao wimLprovemelrnts, aonsieral por -tiori new k tinshe yars; af speaciu bdatoilTermakrers' ho, ite with forigt es,frncs, shaigMucig and IMbrl xed17prilling mahine, mill fittedrout timermando dealwasawing frmst lnng olig lande mortisin mahfes wo rked bo annuallye power stteamh- engine.th In the ship-yard areof wwte for buildnghvesselszofnthealargest tonnage talshop,eoners' aLndcarpentuers' ops,taggngots,n suftorsuofplyriofs sca rnrr th prctinof th eraills and forge on the best nsib terms, The construction of these works, the whole onvhih has been effected within the lastH 14 ye m,hsivolved an ou=ir approaching £210,000, expended under the immediate superintendence of eminent praccal men. The result shows the formation of an establishment of great extent, enormous in its capabilities, unrivalled in situation. enjoying the higbest reputation for the character of the works performed, possessing facilities for the transaction of business unequalled by any, and containing within itrelt all the accesories requisite to command a large and lvcrative btade. The tenure of the property in partly freehold and parUly leasehold. The wrorks may be viewed till busy; of iessrs6 Lawrtanco, Plewi ant Boyer, slicitors, Old JeLa chambers; of Me.Srr Newbon and Evans, solicitors, Wardrobe-place Doctors'-common3; Of Mesrs. Pullen and Son, 8O, Fore-street, Cripnslerate; and of Mesrs.r Pulller and Hromsev, Billiter-street. london. Import_nt to Capitalists, Speculators, Tradesmen, and others, - Rsc DRU>RY will ;sELL by AUJCTIONW, on Fri- iLLw day, June 6, at 2 for 3 in the afternoon, at the Lion and Lenmb Inn. Farnham, Surrey,, all those truly valnairle FREEaOLI)D ESx TATES, commading husinesepremIises, situate in the very bestnpart of the ligh-street, borough of Far=ham,Surrey,contiguous tothe West Surrey Bank, in the occupation of Me33r3. Bevan, Smither. and others. in fonr loinp; at the same timese be sold, Eight veli-burit brirk and tile DSeSling-houses, situate in Church-tan. FaBO hamN also Three MbessuagesorTenements, knownasBeaves'sldiln, Farnham. May be viewed one wreek dpor to the sale. Pornted particulars and conditions of sale may be ad of Mhessrs. tHoliest ad Mason, solicitors, Farnham, Surrey, seven days before the sale; and of the auctioneer, 50, Ligh-street, Guildford, Surrey. In Bankruptey.-Leng Leaseholu s uear Canonbury, Islinggon. 1 ~ESSRS. HIASLAIs and BUCKLA^]) are in. ,7 Y., etructed by the Assignees of Mr. L. B. Perse.ae banlcrupt, th the concurrece of the Mortgagee, toSELLba AUCTION, at the .-t, on Wsdnesday, June 25, valuable IEAlEHIOLD E5STATES, either for gound tlnrents onitiengoffeoaur osubatautiralybuilt eight-roomed residences, being No.. 33. 34, 35, and 36, in the Oxford-road, Islingtou. let to Mesrs. Stedman, Wheeler. and others, at rents amountig to £172 per annum; also Four well-built eight-roomed. Residences, held for a similarterm, being No. 26. 27, 28, and 29, in the Cambridge-road, Iington, and of the eatimated annualvalvue of £10S. May be viewed by permission of the tenante, and prticulsrs, fwith conditions of sale, had of John fackreli ZEq., soliitor, 3, Cannon-street wRest; Job Conworth, Xsq., solicitor, 12, Hatton-gardien; or of Messrs HEasla and BuckLand, auIctioneers and ar,rveyom,w at RXeadinIg, and 89, Cannon. ,tetet west, city. The Kinga Arms Taern and Wine Vaults, and extenDi£t P!RlIIS9t adjolninr High-street, Kensington. MR. DANIEL CRONIN will SELL by AUCTION, 1 i.at Garraway's, on Tuesday, June 3, at 12, the very valuable LEASE ard GOODWILL. for 29 years, at a low rent, of the exoellent PREMISES admirably situate as above. With a judicious alteration in the front portion of the premises, it may be safely asserted that there is not in any suburb of London a Sner situation for busines than the property in question, and it is superior to moet in the domestic arrngements; in addition to which there are capital premise3 in the rear, including a noble assembly-room for public meetings, now so mnuch required in this part of the western outeldats blay be viewed 10 days prior to the sale, and particulars had; also at Garraway's; of Mr. James Groves, juu., solicitor, 25, Charlottelstreet, Bedford-square; and of the auctioneer. 42., Bloomsbury-square. Commandiing and highly-improvable Wne and Spirit Establishment, Newrate-street, in the city of London. 1R. DANIEL CRONIN is instructed to SELL by i AUCTION. at Garraways, on Taeaday, June 3, at 12, the valuable LEASES, vith immediate omseasion, of the old-establisbed WINE and SPIRIT ESTABLISH.NT. 7. Newgate-street, oppoite the court-yard of Christ's Hoepital, and in one of the finest situations for business in the city of London. The lease has nearly 30 years unexpired, at the low rent of £125 per annum, and the premises are of considerable depth, The immense sources of trade peculiar to this locality, and the facility with which a trade of great magnitude and nsured and sustained in this house, are clearly undoubted, and cannot be unduly commende to public attention. May be viewed, and particulars obtained on the premises; at Garravry'se at the Corn Ecange Coffeehouse. MIark-lane; of Messrs. Parnell and Tanqueray-WSillaue, Newv Broad-street, city; and of the auctioneer, 42. Bloomosbury-suare. 'aluable aud peculiarly desirable Wine and SPirit Establhmnet, M R. DANIEL CRO 'i rspectfully announces that he is instructed by br. William Wilson, who is retiring iom business, to SEIL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, onTuesda, June 3, at 12 the LEASE, with possession, of thos meet respectable and superior PREMISES, known at the Bell, commandingl and cheerfully situate, on the suemit of Higatehi4 in the centre of that populous and healthy villge. The leas has upwards of 50 years unex-pied, at a ground rent of £26 per annum, and the premise are decidedly without a paralel In al that pertains to business and domes ticarrangements. Theyvwererebuilt afew.years since upon the moot approved constuction, and the trade is of the best character, requiring only moderate activity and euergy to ensure at all times a business of great magnitude and adequate profits. May be viewed one week pnor to the sale by applicants w ith cards only, and betwseen the hours of 10 and 5, and particulars may be had on the premises; at Garraway's; at the Corn E xchane Coffeehouse, Mark-lane; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bleomsbury-auare. Fis-ls ieand Sprt Establishmenk, Somers-town. . \/ R. DANIEL CRO)NIN respectfully apprises tbe .IN public that heots directed byMJr. William Wiloon, who is retiring cross business, to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraveay'a, on Tuesday, June 3, at 12. the meet valulable ILEASE, with possession, of that wellknown and supenor house, the NEP E, comrandingly placed at the corner of Grceat Clarendon-street and Johnson-street. Somera-towFn. The lese has nearly -95 yeses unexpired, at the trifling rental of £60 per annum. ft would be diflcult to over-rats the sterlng value of this meet desirable property. The situation is not to be surpassed in any part of the metropotis, and the independent and highly profitable character of the tract. the admnirabe arrangements of the premises, and the peculiar ease and comfort wvhich characterh the whole, are incidentspeculiar to thishouse; added to which, the immense cot incurred by the present proprietor in rendering the premises what they are, adds vastly to ther genuie and weU-recognized valhe. May be viewved one w eek prior to the sale, by applicants w;ith cards from the auctioneer, and betwveen the hours of 10 and 5; aPnd particulars may then be had upon the premises;. at Garraway's; at the Cornl Exchange Coffeehouse, Mark-lane;- and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomsbur-y-ssadare5 The King's Arms Hotel, Tavern, and Wine Vaults, Uxbridge, Middle. sex, immediately adiacent to the projected Railway Station. R. DAN;L COIN respectftffly anlnounces 17 that be is directed to SEIL by AUCTION, at Garrawaz, oa TueMay, Juno 10, at 12, the valuable LEASE, for upwards of 19 years, at a very low rent, of the above capital INN, which must sustain a large trade, of tho best and most profitable character, in the hands of a man of business. May be viewed, and particulars had at Garraway's. on the premises; at the Corn Exchange Coffeehouse, Mfark-lane; of Messrs. Colley Smith, Hunter, and Gwatkin, solicitors, Lincoln's-imn; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomsbury-equare. UpDer Thames-street, city of London. R. DANkL CRONIN will SELLbyAUCTION, AlL at Garraway's, Cornhill, on Tuesday, June 10, at 12, the desirable LEASE and GOODWI1LL, with possession, of a capital HOUSE, of large, profitable, and independent trade, known as the Fortune of War, mest eligibly situate, and being in Upper Thamnesstreet, in the city of London, in the busiest and heat part of the thriving locality. The lease bas 18 years unexpired at Lady-day last, at the rent of £77 per annum, and the present large trade, which is sustained, notwithstanding the im health of the proprietor, gives strong promise of an ample increase under the management of a person with health and activity. May be viewed one week prior to the sale, and particulars had on the premises; at Garraway's; the Corn Exchange Coffeehouse, Mark-lane; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomabury-square. The Harcourt Arms genuine and old-establihbed Public-home and Wine-vaults, Hamcourt-street, New-road,Marylebone. Al R. DA NIEL CRONIN is instrurcted by Mr. iT Wright, the Proprietor. to SELL by AUCTION. at Garrawas's, in T1uesday, June 10, at 12, the valuable LEASE and GOODWIIL, vith possession, of the above respectable and excellent HOUSE. It is l,eld for a term now umexpired of about 33 years, at tho ground rent of £32 12s. per annum, and is well known to be one of the very few eenume and untried houses yet remaining; the remarkably crowded aud busy neighbourhood entirely encrcling these premises, and their long-established trade give fnU effect to both judgment aud experience in estimating the value of the property; in addition to whirlh the house is in excellent order and unusually comfortable. May be viewed one week prior to the salo, an particulars had(; also at Garrawvay's; at the Corn Exchange Coffeehouse, Mark-lane; of Mlr. James Groves jun., 25, Charlotte-street, Bedford-square; and of the auctioneer, 42, .tloomsbury-square. The Queen's Head Capital Wine and Spirit Establishment, Marsha-m- street, Westminster, wel known to maintain a trade of great maguitude and profits. R. DANIEL CRONIN is directed by Mr. Eason, l the proprietor. to SELL by AUCMION, at Garraway's, on Tuesnay, June 10, at 12, the valuable LEASE and GOODWILL, with possession of the welU known and superior WINE and SPIRIT VAULTS, known as the Queen's Head, attractively placed at the corner of Marns ham-street, and Great Peter-street, Westminster, at the beat point of an immense and densely crowded neighbourhood,of which it appears to maintain the almost entire command. The premises are held for au uLexpired term of nearly 23 years, at the rent of £80 per annum. The frenises may be viewed one week prior to the day of sale, and particaars had, also at Gawsays; at the Corn Excbange coffeehouse, Marklane; of M1r. James Groves, Jim, 25, Cbarlotte-street, Bedford-square; and of theauctioneer, 42, Bloomsbury-square. The Devonshire Arms, superior firstclassPublic lon!bingdon-road, (at the corner of Stratfora-road,) Kensington, at the commanding corner of the roads leading from Kensington to Fulham and Bromp ton, opposite the Westunnster Hospital and the Kensington Union and in the centre of a neighbourhood rapidly extending. R. DANIEL C ONIN is instructed by Mr. M . Treadweli, the prorietor to SELL by AUCTION,atGr way's, on Tuesday, Jume 1 at 12, the valuable LSE for rearly a century of these highly deirable PREMISES, includigthe capitat bou ling. een, at a ground rent which is itsdi reduced to £3 per annum. Thto premises were admimubly built, having for some years part sustained a high and profitable trade, and are daily increasig in value The situation is one of the beat oftheind in the western suburb of London. hay he viewed one week prior to the sale, and particular thenhad; also at Garraway's; at the Corn Exchang Coffeehouse, Mfark-lane; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloorsbusy-square, The Weavers' Arms, Bakers-row, WhitechapeL BR. DANIEL CRONIN is instructed to SELL by LACA1J0TIOS, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, June 11, at 12. the valuable LASE of nearly 14 ears. at a lowv rent, with Goodwill and Possession, of the above HOn SE, The premises are well situate, and in the immediate vicinity of an extenstvs and populous neighlbourhooL They amC wel adapted for the caryingon of a Large andprofitabls trade. Mayboviewed,anparticularsohadWon tedpremises at Garravay's; at the Cor Exchange Coffeehouse, Mhark lane, of Mhr. James Groves, jun., solicitor, 25, Charlotte-street, Bedford-square; and of Ohs auctioneer, 42. Bloormsbury-square. Valuable Wins and Spirit Establishment, Blacknriars-roadL 1Uerat att o of aCimONIN is instrcmted to SELL by 1Garraway'sON. at Garrawhay'o on lYednesday, June II, at 12, the valuable LoEASE and GOOlWtI2 , with potse-sion, of those excellent oEMftSES, the Sirrey CoayHole,admirablysituate, in the Blackfriars-road, and next door to the Surrey Theatre. The lease has2 ;ears unexpired, at the rent, of £130Per annum,. The business capacities of this establishment are well-knownm, and it needs only the moderate attention of a man of business to ennire a certain and profitable mrade. May be viewed, and particulars had on the premises at Gsrraway's; at the Corn Exchange Coffeehouse, Mfark-lane; of ;Mr. Jamnes Grove. jun., solictor, 25, Charlotte-street, Bedford-square; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomnsbury-square. Idile-end-roaa.-Four euhotantlally-built Freehold and Leasehold Residences, for occupation. lR. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION at the iL Mrart, on Monday, June 2, at 12, in four lota, TWO e4iht-roomed DJWEIING HOUSES, with gardens, 60 and 61, Lincoln-street, five rminutes' walk from the Bow Railway Station, let at £28 each, term 99 years. ground rent £4each; and Two similar Freehold Houses, 62 and 63 adjoining, let at £28 each. Partimularm of John Pike, Esq., solicitor, 26, old Burlington-street; at the Mart ; and at the auctioneer's offices, Mile-end-read. Old Kent-road and Walworth-Small Leasehold for investment. . jIR. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the MI Mart, on Mtonday, June 2. at 12, in two lots, by order of the hlortees, 1OUER six-roomed HOUSES, Nos. 8 to 11, Alfred-place, near the Bricklayers' Arms Station; let at £88. Term 20 years. Ground rent £8. And a fire-roomed Cottage, in Camden-street, East-street, Walworth (in rear of the Lord Camden Public-house); let at £13. Term 26 years at a peppercorn rent. Vendors pay the rates. Particulars of B. Hodgson, Esq., solcitor, 32, Broad-street-buildings; at the hlart ; and at the auctioneer's offices, Mile-end-road. Near Conamercial-road.-Leaseholds, on the Mercers' Company's Estate for investment and ocupation, It. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the 1 l. Mart, on Monday, Juno 2, at 12, in four lots, six-roomed iOUSE, 6, York-terrace, Salmon's-lane, let at £1,; a similar House, 12iYork-terrace, let at £1ep ls. a corner House, shop, and premises, 8, Marktertace, let on lease at £20, term 37 years, greund rent £2 eachand two esix-roomed Hoses, 3and 4, Eemnyrstreet, York-square, let at et6, term 37 years, ground rent £3 I0s. each: tenants paf the rates Particulars at hercers'-hal, Choapeide; at the Mfart; and at the (urtioneer's offices, Mlile-end-road. Mile-enaOld Ford,andeStepney.-long Leasehold and Freehol Es- totesor Occupation and Investment. MR. MO OR 'will SEfLL by AUCTION at the ,Vr Mart, on Monday, June 2, at 12, in eight lota, eItE HOUSES oneUahop),nearly adoining, in Devonshire-street east, Globe-road, let at £80, term 64 years, ground rent £3 I0s each. Tvo freeholdsix reomed houses, 32 and 33, Lhbrs-road, Old Ford, let at £20 each (vorth £25); fourteen plots cf freehold ground, in the Libra, hfilton, and Bsle roads, a locality realisng good ground rents6 ; and a freehold rerner plot of ground , wilth a brick-built carcass thereon, in St. Ann's-road, Bow -common-lane. Particulars of J, Thruop. Esq., solicitor, 2, Winchester-buildmca; Messs Richardson and Sadler, solicitor, 28, Goldensaure; at the hlart: and at the auctioneer's offices, Mile-end-road. Southwarkc, Bermongseyo and CamPerwtelypLeeholds, producing £1X0 per ainnm, for investment M[R. MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the Miart, on Monday, June 2,at 12. in four lots, an eight-roomed HlOUSE, 42, Redford-place, Sontlswark-bridge-rosd, ne,ar the Queen' Bench, let at £32. term 28 years ground rent £7; a nine roomedl bore and a wNheetunghts y,with cottage, stable, nd loft, 43, Bed ford-place let on lease, expiring 1880, at £3s, -nderlet at £80. tern 28 years, ground rent £18 13s. Sd.; three six-roomed honee, 89, 90, sand 9L. Princes-road, Bermondae, let at £83, terra 66 years, ground rent £3 each -and six dwelling-houses, 1 to 6, Regent-street, Southamptonsuree4, Camberweli, let at £82 termn 32 years, ground rent £4 each, Particulars at Mercera' Hall (heapeide of W. F. Farmer, Esq., salditer, 80, Cheapside; Mfesr Wire and (5bild, solicitors. St. Swithin'alane; at the lIArt: and the auctioneer's offlices, MKile-end-road. South Hackney.-Long Leaehold Property, producing £100 per an- num for investment and occupation. loIRE. MOORi will SELL. by AUICTION, at the LTL Mrt, on Monday, June2, at Ill in I1 lots, an eigiht-roomed RLESIDENCE, w ith garden, staliling, itc., No. 12, Page's Cottages, let at £10 per annuni; Three Residence. N-os. 4, 6. and 6. Alban' nlceTero It;;2ecan, eihtro. e Boie a. S, Eaten-terrace, Well-treet, rental £526; Five HIouses and Shops, Eaten. terrace, letat£26 each: ter;n years: greundrentofall theabovehouses £3i each; also Thxree H ouses, N;os 18, 17, and 18, Page's Cottages, let at £63: term 9i years, ground rent £6 for the whole. Particulars of hlamball lurner, Esq solictor, 47 Lincoln's-inn.fiolds; at the Mart; soul at the aucti'oneer's offlaces, Miee-end-road . The Cottage. Pleasant-row, New-road, facing Marylebone Workho-use. MESSRS. OXENHAM and SONS wil SELL by AUCTION on the Premises, on Mtonday, June 2, at 12, the liOUSEHOLD FUJNITURE, comprising mahoganychairsandsofas, tables of every description, Brusels and other carpets, French, tent, sud other bedsteads and bedding,wardrobes, drawers, washatande, ft., china, glass, and effects. lay veiewed on Saturday and moing of Fale, and catalogez had, also at Messrs. Oxenham's offices, 353, Oxford-stret, near the Pantheon. Leicestershire.-The Grange Estate, on the borders of Northampton and Rutland, includingamederatesired Family Residence in one of the best sporting districts in the Indom, with about 246 acres of mostsuperiorLand, of whithimmedusseion maybe had, adJoing Lord earners' PrOPerty, Freehold, and in perfect order. MESSRo. BEAI)ELandSON bare received instruc. ttntcbito public AUICTION, at the Mart, London, on ay, June 17. at 12, in four lots, one of the most compact and desirable FREEHOLD l:ESTATES in the intedom, known as the Grange, in the parish of EPast Norton, on the borders of Leicestershire. This property is in the centre of one of the beat hunting districts of the kingdom, near the meot favourite meets of the Cottesmore and Qeorn Hounds, and within occasional meets of the PYtchley and Lord Fitzrilllam's Hounds. It adjoins the turnpike-road from Leicester to Uppingham, 13 miles from the former and 6 miles from tho latter. 22 from hIelton Mowbey and 11 from Market Harborough. The Medbourne Station is7 miles and the Mauton Station 8 mile3 distant. The resdence, which is suited for asmallfamily was built afewyers since, at a cost of nearly £3,000, is in perfect order, beautifully situate, on rising ground, commands a charming view of the surrounding i coutr an ii sngularly adaptedfor the ocupa.ionof a gentleman fond of feld sports. The land is of first-rate quality, Sled in good condition, lies in ring fence, and is abndaintly suplied with water. t. containing 14 acres. Lot 3. Two Pastures, about 1§ mile , containing 383 acres. Lot 4. The Two adjoining Pas , conasiting of 19 are, Paculars, with lithOIgraphic plns, are in courne or preparation, and maY be obtained 14 daya prior to the sate, of Mesrs. Rooper, Birch, Inzgram, and Whateey. aoiio, 8 ico'eity, feld or of Messrs. B,eadet and Sons, 25, Ca,pItasUongLeasehold ProZperty, for Residence or!uVfutment.-Blom. field-road, M&ida-bill. IjESSR.S. GREEN (28 Old Bondl-street) have re- ceived instfulstIons; to SEa. byv AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Wednesday, June 4, at 12 lneas previously digooed of), a Yuluable longT LEASEHOLiD OP-KiTY-o L rganoaexotenand substantially-built deabdfid rgane nw anexcelplent house, nicst pleasantly iut nBofed-oAi n ftL Ranolph delightful' healthy fashionable, rna oawdbl sunurbs of then most L.gardc.: tIneratry peon1 house. d.etached biliard room, istaelng &C :thovroleinperfect order. Thehouse contains entrance portico, stnepayed blo, dining, drawing, and breakfast rooms, conservatory, six bdchambers, bath~ rDom, and very excellent offices. Tae gerden is laid out with get taste in lawn and yroductive borders, well stcedadsurude yofywllTisrnrtpeensacaia tori Salers-halscty;ate Garwas andL or AUCTIrs. Old he1e Bond-street.tehed o liay un . n fl Fetchin Loge, nar Leatschina&tre exeowleatnFungsture-twoie prime Cows, ,wel-bil pair-wheel O mnibus or So ciable,Birk,IshCr and Out-doorld Effetocts, owBincaf.usfa J~jESSRS GREEN (28, Ol viwdondestreet)eoeving. of he stae,wil SEL b ACTIN,ato "thePr- lowingda, atom all th RelldentcOUeHOI URIU TseySadSruS.GEls caret,cit windBohngings,et hac-toned squaepianfred by intodat tie-pec by A'rwTION, hia. oGa=wental and nueroa, use milaneICouniems, an thew picntures dipsdo) micosecope,cinal adgas cIasksL M"RALd n STATecnsis,ingarof thea, exelgnts fandtools,idonroer, mwell-uil pair-wheHuel omnibhis oardsocabl cadgst, and nueos reetyocupidoreffdsa by hae Drewe onamem wity cpreeingl t&mheusae, anbaomuesta, cobtainedad tbothe0 priciprens at Lean,wtherhasead, Epfom Dn-oring, ingteroeXnh c.; andof Theass.Geen. auc ThedsFreehol tbora EstCu ateo of arepctable Clie,neart upngon,a yeamphl- sinre,aninadtothrt,teete comprising an excelnteiece n 0 cesnrattho ea petycobieSsa gREEN (28,ten Oldh Bonad-strabet)ouhaveanWedinesrdae Jne o, hatv2(nesingm faUtheo meanhtime, dusposed of)th foIandbove sotig capitale neHghbouriR g country cbounsising ofithe gentcellents feamt reieceTnwhade house,wt isapocebytontsac gardens, thedgseof ha.,h asrcntldcuidh the ladc o te DcomCambes, withrcapital farmnoue, hmeseads cotage, ad abut 00 acerestof Tiland,eitof easyreah oftl mie f he N=keThe _agrnibltua landslare ianotheaOccupation 0ita rspetbulet enantsuon aMyearlyiold' tudGrud, and inadito mstof thel estatleoprse Pansetueint of seag beach, exthendigtrom HLrdge ClFfrmtowards HurestCastl.Tis pro-tge pet combedInestracgooinvstment, ihy AU On admtGabreacuntr and mWrinersideyJnce4, hvngrat facilitie foreachting, hispo ngd wildth ofowlind othe rshootidg and tHenighbouring Countryd h abounding it gentlemn aseatus,dTen House i approached by twn entrance lodges,d nd istfll placed u on abl lawn exutendn tlote sea alndeoppoite, to the exes eof Wum ht Toandth n Needews,ofwhihith cw-ommand homnergntad views embacinals acrmsout,Hrtfsl.tepet vinlaeo anfod, and te tow and bay mbean paytrnigo la wihi tended fmromunredkyexohuettoth tow n. prtduicugr may ben obtie at ther RoalnHote, bsouestha mpton; ofMessrs goordens andSlat. arloe, solicitors,edyingthecntreof tMesVss . Pinniger and witkinsn,sliitrs Green%, 28e"Old fBodtret,fr' teokhrhu4notorn cplsotatWilts within forea miestr ofathree Maret buofngs are aU in Foareeholdth lan dia n exctate,nwth sutonvabuilt Mansiteon,uplnationsof andl Grouns,ecandle3 acdrespofrich Atbenand. Parsture inea rng fcit ie.owithenr;ancedodge,aGrm-ouen.Hometead,tsanduCtotages, iIOlAE ndstrS.GE EN(8 l odstet)bv e byLeie intUCTIostSELbAU IO,a Garw 2', e Wednesa,Jne4t12 uls in the meatmadsoedo)th wnon Steradtion andg abuta fou ie rom thmaktton of Surrdoey, crnisingkofad e. cetad ndvwrth comprisingmthe residence know baWs Breaden House,vapproachredeb and entraince hodge, and thelightful plafced onrter southerg n slope gofBuncl den-hpi,cm land exteansfingetve and baid ews,tithl far-hwse,ana homestead anvatdcot well-and515baresomi of richrlyblean pastresln, inth acoin flence surondedb exesv oellent radsn p raoducing esat being at pri £ent perbannum,n bh esideste mansi6on,paio ofics, ardns,bandtenantatos, beingh sintuate in the cenreofle ma b. W. H. mut, at nds within peas eanchmf TheDuansofanfisort'ndtvery aysitablet heoende,anhothand copld staterionai ont the Grabestbern Rhailway. The bildings areo allen gooied rpi, thsex landst in mexellen cltate, unde th1 ocuatono tamnd atearramiway'o MewessBrs.Mings,tanbny and Tonbr b,g swllcaitals Fairecytr Mand of aness, Gcreen oestaeaeintly rcIand,autioeers 2h,old Bolnd-staxreet eed "JE SSS GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) havl eLre bAUTO,at Garra waysy's on Wednesday , July 16 , at 12,(fnti tematm (unleosintematiedsoed of), thelaleFEML E vAlebl andw important Honute rad thoBriughto,yiy mugnilsa modrn-bultod niaefrom Godaptedfor sevoenromeGuizedd fandiny theamotiul picturesquloe patof the countyf ocfiSreyd, constigo an eeae u eUelletaneryd compatin family reidence ofe Eliaewofthanearhitecure p0ture5mg eveery acmodatiesxoun foragen cutlemans adiyg inth excellentsalig newlyurecteudsetancgren -od the osut peorcthardr,a stadrgr nhihurndd, inbout neilo park-ike. land, oommwih andingl extensive and beutiofulovews,an allndcesargy farm. tuivatdins and well-tiombere doai mosf nearly 1,30d aes,ml withcompletibe andkexter nsveshomesteads,a portiOno ThLe restatenbeicng atre sentrinr hand, ine alandwtereiu mieh occuationg of ee&nsbreakatenants anhmnum. Threymasiohi fihevery wayesuita le to the estat-,hot an cold watereisuaidonot the bestat o bedichmbes,oad it han reentlrey beenh MtieduPIGT ineme ihhrugotrinctheab mothcmpee andr paerect man erh plweasre gound are,t off moeritfrateoextent,L and thepraei lt,andwl-toked wucioath goame.Particulasdare.i prmeparation, uand a shd ortlon fsaemy be obtained at Gerwy fMsr.W the AanduM,Saltlo Guil icadsadfSor;efr,mapeeanDwn, solicitors, rw-or~OdBodsre ~orkWng;iudafmye,ssr.Gre, estacter 1 agenstreanductiolnees,in2, Old BondstrJenet, le,aHetr,1, ald-tre,Sh ;o j;~ TckSed, Sussex,s andu Smrile.sfomcLewes, 10 Befodromaward's-hemaah Handtearl meidwE.ay between 9 Brihn-tetonAndelphuriDdgowel - an caNIta Failytt Manstionee,vle, and 6acesoaexeediengly Gerich andree-~ ihnoland-hland-tax redeemed.Reui oe dlihfly-1Lt R. PIGGOTTExcutosit SELL by AUCTION, a h aModerte-sizTedsfamiy, bueautiull siute I'cl-byosdertofthe townto gcgeez, inde anweleae but well thshelterd oAition anH Ommandih,in" poiews of stuaten highly pnicaldtureouegcneyoft the wrdisurcountina countryo stendinglinathe mids fof its easreigrou ondsmand garden ,s,t Lieeomoal wtht ecapintaclsabligad ot-orffwices andi alls neesny fearmbuiligthert eholed frIng als moesets perfeat and desirabl ptracterty, eoolgyealkforainvestmentfora occupatesioene.Thepreiencge namins stairocuasetixn bes and senco,tndaryobe chambrs fouyer,a servnts' bed rooms, and b caital b domesti offices;b cobach-oued ofo four carsns, exrtcllent salng, gardeuern houswe, are Prearticulars may be obtained a Gatrawt's A CEomblart sa of Mle srs. GikrdEedSn, estaiteoagents aronduc tioners, 2Ol Od B ond-street. f'ifa mte s. octr 2Bro srichon, Sohorrf ewyTooe,Rcmn Brewery Innie.soad ubi-ouses.9 -alpin conseque nc ofthisrestategott beciongesol Tasur andetiestyate Soth ofEay,r Ri iIrSR RS.GGOTT RsEintructd bEESthae Mrtaeeive underptower tof sELe, to offerItOr absolue SarLEo insprate. lots 1, atthe Acion Mat,o Lotad(nle, on Tuesday,Jue17,fe bapreiulr mandebDiv condiinsorale may beI obtaeinedetathedActo VIarA; of DMESr.Rad Eandat Son, Rso-hlictos Imedatl Crown-cgtourtsl Broadtheet.wn ofWlliam romeethe,F-q. soicto, and werlat treent,ltt Lenerain'G-io Mesrs A .ad. reil, a A reen taoliinoru1,arislg-tret o ohoy of M0essrsu. Bof Mr.l Pgrrty, acletioneer,kvingereeandlestateiaget Geornde-street opposite e voessorpaciousty uMSurosse beAutyandexten, adLE r rce tIir ELiG bO T AU l SELLbyhe ArUnTdon,on ay.Tuthe 131 Mrt, on Tuesay Juneo17 asth 1ro'oc, bytorder ifnthe pori-e gages uokn nde powlerhfale, thisinote EAIxY HsofEan, which, beuin pouat fsiutimb ne, sands unrvlled Wthroughou thewrld,Tr is cotiu ousteo thed oyal-osuontepakanfrom itscharmin poito mus always o commando that eoxcellentatlass onvisth orsuic thEasforns maany yloearto hthertow enDoyekingwthinalspeadsetsgetandeo uclnusu aldattratins noiolyfgeranthistea, utifor apriruchateiresdenc.ty The peieste plain togheocption ofd Mr.tench, totenante fromlearwic toyer,ma £o10 budranIum w ay be dviewed byt cuiards Ionly torbbando the ercino ia cresieno Pariculr and consditiict ofy sae rarel prepain, and mawoybhe obtetaionedf ats thebAuctioneMrt of MessrC.Mrricgod nd lion, solicitors, 2. Crown-a street Li:nci'-xn of Messrs. Jag. RMand0 ALen,. solicitors and Dorkingstee, rohodofnesr.-ToGentHlem wenNusere and Piesolctoers,.9 Bd fodrw fRToma POHayeR Ewis, F-sq., S arhiec,,Jonstreet, td o phi U London;TandOo by. P UCgot N. aucnoee, taler atendestat SigeutGerge-sree, Crichm 3ond, tJn Surrey.ro th forkingj. Sre.-Valewaleo Freeholds PropGEry reeee fro landD- tax, clseToth townsiatnd wihi halft abmile f teSan on ond thele ateSnuRS. paGEori, 1E0 F and Ler ESu. have roceepiutd chune13 datl12, intwo lts,(nls afn acceptabe ofUern previfoUul DunctS stuate ronem Ros-hll uimedoiatelycniguom to wthe twoan, The neghbourood ishealth,and the surudncounery oaie sand, pleasig, whist thepropery willalwayscomman rt-cls teans A LL that desirable Freebold Farm, situate about A seven milesfrom lewssixfromIambai andthreefromthe Berwick Station on the Brighton and Hastings Rallwny, in the parihbeg of Ripe and Selmeston, within the tage of Pevensey, in the coumty of Sussex, cor pring 309a. Or. Hp, be the same mnore or less, of exoellent arable, meadov, and pature land ; together with all that very supenor residence, belonging to the sid farm, situate immediately opDosite the church and parsonage, in the village of Ripe. and also the frmbuildings, compnrangbarns, stable, cowhous% cattle lodges, pig gory, cartandwaggonlodge, granary and cottages for labourers, and gardens. The above mentioned farm and premisesame now, and for many years past, havebeen n the ooccpation of Mr. Willim HolImden, p yearly tenan attheTverylowrentof £174. Thetithes havebeen commuted,a andtue land-tax redeemed. The ests,toewillboesold subject to, an annual payment of £51 12s. 9d. during the life of a lady aged So years in Jle next, and also to an annuity of £;OD during the life of a adyagedSl years in Decembernext, The estate may e viewed on appication to the tenant= and plan and particular of the property may be had at the Bratol Hotel, Brghten; or of the auctioneer, at Ruringten, or at hi3 offices at Lewes, harndel, and Worthiug .of Miessrs. Clarke, Gray, and Woodcock, solicitors. 20, Lincoin's-mun-feids, London; Messs Homby, Towvgood, and Toe, solicitors, 31, St. Swithin's-Lane, London; andof MWes.srs.avery, Clack, and Fosseli o licitors Bristot, Now On View.-Beautifui tarble Statues, Group Busts. and V , SDO old Bronres, Mosalo and Mlachite Tables, GalleryPictrs and other Works ofArt, also manyvaluable MarblleChimney-pics *Candelabra and Pedestals in superior Scagliola, beig the t-hird and most iDportant portion of She Stock of Messrs. Browne and Co., by whose direction M ESSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS will SELL by AUCTION, at the Galleries, in University-etreet, on Tuesday. June 3, and two following days, (the premisev having been disposed of), the important collection of WOBESof ART, in marble. comprisig the group of the laocoon, the sizm of the original in the Vatican, six Frand termiual figures, each nine feet high, four noble busts of Roman smperors, Sve beautiful allegorical groups, 3m charming fispres, iD cluding Canova's Venus, Diana Robing,Psyche, ltobe,Hercules,Dyinn Gladiator, groups of the Graceg, Mars and Venus, a fnely executed fountain, with bacchanalian figures,Hero,sn origiualfigure by Fontana, also Psyche by Teneran,L the Nymph of the Arno, line cinQoe cento vases, Trajan's oolnmn in Rosso Antico (very rmre), a valuable circular malachite tableS1 inchesin diameter, beautifulmosaic tables, 3costly Oriental alb«ater vases of large sire, 'm ine bronze groupss lgures, busts, vases, and ewem;s everal beautifully sculptured Lliias4Qusterze and other chimney-p>isees, s-uitable for mansions of the Sorst class, in statur and otlssr maWrbles ;a largeand valuable coUlectionof pedestals and candelabra in scaglioLa, choice Florentine mosaics, a fewr grand gallery pictures, and other workis of art, Catalogues may be had on the jremisLes. and at the offices of Mtesss ushwtorth and Jarvis, Oaviuo-cow, Begaut-etroet, and 19, Change-aley CoruhiLl 1IJ[ R JOHN AWSON s instucte J y the TruLstee .LVJ oftheWil ofthelat Co eWrbuton £S.. to SELL by AUCION attheMar. n TeMly. ,, ne , t a2 Taluable FREE- stret, et n laseforill 'eaa fom ima24,8t3 t WM . Wfiis, for thecler nnul rntof ilS. he oue i fistclas,verysubstanti,L, aLnd th neirarneet odidelfnse;it contains a~ lightadcmobu bsmn,wt rntaraenanehall afront room tuwue saso O aeos) nogom d mi retimerooitnsagcs so tne ihlner h;0t first floor y w adoedaigros w e bmesoe Vauen.aoble Fiewehod winvth ren frs Cu apitcl,ats TewiDthon, iditioseo consisting of Five Freehold Houses and a Market-garden, contiguous to BuBhy-nark and Ham pton Court Gardens and Riwy b'cn veniently near to the Twickenha- Station on the Windasor~ snudRichmondRailway, MR. JOHN DAWSON is instrueted by the Trus--tee of the Wil of the late George Warburton. Eea., to SEL AUCTION, at the Mazrt, on Tuesday. the 3d of June. at in lts,TWOFREEHOLD COVNlTRtY RESH)ENCEs. with offices and gardens, being Noe. 1 and 2, Clarence-place, in the cheerful and healthly village of Teddingtoa, Middlesex; let on lease for21tyears from25th March. 1853, atavery improva'ble rent of £50Iper annum. clWarof all taxea. Two substantial andrcommodious Fasehold Houses, with gardensand prem-ises, conveninlm itaente teto theaforesaidvilageof Teddirogto,D letona lelsefor 21yenrsfrom2fth September, IS5M, At a clear and well-secured rent of LI0 per annum. -A freehold muSsuage, woith shop, bake-house, stable, and useful ouit-buildiuge. being also the post-office, situate in the street of Teddington aforesaid, -le' on a lease for 21 years, from 29th September, 1852, at -a clear rental of £,20 per annum. And a cottage, stable, and large garden, near the above, in the occupation of M1r. Steers, "mp and Pine grower, on a lease for2l years from 25th December 84.ataclear yearly reut of z£29 As8, each and all affording secure investments, the rentals being' below the real value. TobeD viewed by Permisson of the respective tenants (with orders only). Particulars, with conditions of sale, may shortly be had at the Clarence Arms, Teddingion; of James P. Davis, Esq., 15. Clifford-street, Blond-street solicitor: at the Auction Mart, and at Mrx. John Dawion's land aLnd auctio-e offices, Kfingston-on-Thames, and TMarlborough-chiambsrs, 49, Pall-mall, A Comfortable Cottage Residence, with Garden and P1remnises, plea- santly situate, in the Tviage of 'Itiey, Surey. JtI'l,JHN DAWSON will SELL by AUCTIIONi tPHeL Mort on Tuesday, June 3. at 12, a substantially-buil COYODHOU~ Fwithchaisehouse, stable and outbuildns 4 a cheerful well-stoclred garden, situate opposAe the church,z h Pleasant stg of Ripley. P'articulars, with conditions of sae, = shortly be at the Talbot linn Ripley; of Meamdad Frankisb, 11, New Palace-yard, Westminster, solicitors; at the Auo-] tion M1art; and at Mdr. John, Dawson's landl and aLuction offices Kings. ] ton-on-Thames. and Marlborough-chambers, 49. Pall-masl_ In hacey.-Sadeso v.Boket nd th s"-upbury Housq, a valabe rehol MnsonandGruns,facingth Thamnes, at Sunbsy. iddesex and32 ereeof lnd;also a holdl Ilianting lA.JOHN DlAWSONH wil SELL by A-UCTION, £Lat the Mtart, on Wednesafy, June 18, at 1I, pursuant to an order of the High Coiurt of Chamcey,made in a cause of Sandersons v. Eock.ett and others," SUNBURY HOUSE. a substantial and commnodious mansioni, standing in grounds ornamented with rome princel cedars and variouis treess, with conserv-atocy and gardens, with graper7, enclosed by lofty fruit walls, capital stabling, and out-officca, This maniion. faces the river Thames, with a cheerful and sunnoyaspe&t, and has all the arrangements necessar for a first-class family, with some 15 acres of rich meadow and 17 acres of amable land. Also a comactandver sustntillybult feehldresidence, known as Asco Lode. ate he untIg-he ofJohnBisop, Esq., dereased. It tans i it ow grund, suddd wth on-oetrees and shrubs, withgaren nd addck,conainng ogehernearly three acres,a doule oac-hose,a furstal sabl an losebox. saddlery, groom's sceneryextnieand euiu,rdsaddIe nh ra ak n numerous attractions, rendern tame noal bd.Priu lars, with conditions ofsaemysotybhdofFW.Dlan FBq., 39. Jermyn-street, St. ae',slctrofDS.Bct,Re, 60, Linooln's-iun-flelds, solictratheAtinM t;ndtM. John Dawson's land and acinofcs aloog-hmes 9 Pall-mali, and Kingstono-hms Freehold 'Vila, with Gardens, Orchard, and Paddock, very delighit- fully situaze, ona&heslthy elevation, between Ringston Railway Station and TAeatherhead, on the Dorking-road. lR.JOhHN DAWSON will SELL by AUCTION, £V tteMart, on Wednesday, June the 18th, at 12, a desirable FREEHOLD VILLA. standing in its own grounds, consisting of a well stocked garden, orchar, and a rich little meadow of park like appearance, very handsomely timl)ered, aLnd sloping towards the souLth and west, consisting of more thani ix acres, bouncled by the turn- p ke road to Leatherhead and Docking, about two miles from the Kingston Station, on the South-Westera Railway. Also a Piece of freehold landontheeopposit sdeof the road. More particular advertisemente wil shortly appear and in due timie, with conditions of sale may be had of Edward Fler, Req., 39. Hatton-garden. solicitor; at the Auction Mart; and at Mr. John Dawson's, lan and auczion offices, Kingston-on-Thames, and Mfarlborough-chambers, 49, Pall-mall. Valuable Building Ground, cheerfLuly situate at Hampton, MiddIe;Mi MIR. JOHN DAWVSON will SELL by AUCTION, ILat the Mart, oni Wednesday, June 18, at 3.. in lote, FOUR ACRES of LOT LAND, equal to freehold, desirably situate for building purposes, on the elevated bank. just beyondRose-hinl, on the high roa from Hampton to Sunbury. The subsoil is a bright gravel, with delightful water, the view of the Thames and country beyond cheerful and interesting, and about one mile from the railway terminus at Hlampton-court. Particulars with conditions of sale, may shortly be had of E. J. Kerly, Ese-, 1. Guildhall-chambers, solicitor ; at the Red Lion Inn, Hampton ; at the Auction Mfart; and at Mfr. John Daweon's land and auction offices, Kingston-on-Thames and Marlboroughi-them. hers, 49, P'all-mall Alderebott, adjIn n( theamp, immediately opposite Mthepermanett Barrcks,and ithn afewliundred yards of Hr3ftjest Pain, -13 cresf vey vauable Freehold Bulhdin Land,in p olaB. M R. MARMADUKwill s'ubmit to AUCTIN, a theMart, London, on' Tuesday, June 10. abontis acrs f ecednlychoi and valuable FREEHOLD) BUILDING LAND,in hadsomePlate, in a meet charming situation, a very shot dstace romHerMajest'srPavilion, and adjoining the permianent barac round, commnanding views of the loTely sceneryaound Farohamn and the camp as far as thte eye will reac'h, and is perhaps the only 'available land of a like character obtainable by the publici presetn nobilders and capitalists aimle opprtunityfor erect-ing houmse suit.mble forofficers and the numerons staf lofficials counocledvwith the cmp, and which has already become thewant of the neighbourhood,- Etat offices, Old Jewry. B'yorder ofthe Court of Chancery.-" Gibbs andothers against Barlow and others.-In pursuance of a Decree of the HIEgh Court of Chancery, with the approbation of the Vice-Chancellor Sir Jobn Stuart. 111 R. MARMIADUKE MATT_HEWS, the person J..appointed by the s aid Judge, wal SELL, at thne Mart, on Tuesday Jno 0.at12.inonelo, vaualeFREBEROL'D detached andltand, togrethrnery he acres,oFehl sitateatLetoli thre sfee county 'atiil m andcnditionldeshofsaleimaryb hnadpmenti fM. Jh HR.ARMAJ)UKE MATTHEWS wil SELL, at M IheMr,on Tecesday June 10, at12, in lots of five acre each, SOs. Or. 181p. of capital L Eb ituate at Crookebury, in the parish of Elstead, close to te main road from Farnham to Godalmmng. The froperty offeramany advantages as an investment, being eligibly situate orteeeU of vill residences, and commandn extensive views ove a oel wodeeoutr, i th imedateneihburhood of the Freeholds, St. Luke's, Old-street: rental £53 l8s. j'ESSRS. DAWSON and KNIGHT have received Minstructions to offer to public COMPETITION, at the Mairt, early in June, in two lots, TWO substaintially brick-,bunt and tiled FR-EEHOLD RESIEDENCES, containing 10 rooms eachi, with yards at back, situate and being Nos. S and 10, Lesob's-buildings, B-nhill-row, St.Lak's letoresecablteant. aybe viewed liriortothe sale, and particulars obtained at the Mart ; and at the auctioneerse offices, 471', ortimer-street, Cavendish-square, London, and Chelmsford, Essex. CAmberwelL.-Queen's-road.--A valuable Leasehold Estate, producing -W "~~~arental of £1.148se. per annum. l-iIssRS. D)AWSONs and KNIGHT have received YLinstuctions to SELL by AUCTION,at the Mart,early inJuae, IofteRantdh ouarterl aundraweekly1 tenants, areNin g,3owdiands prse- Holloway. MESSRS. D)AWSON and KNIGHIT wil SELL by ±V.AUCTION, at the Mart, early in June, by order of the Mortgagee, unuder power of sale, an elgble LEASEHOLD PROPERTy Haemstesare.nethee occuatin o angod Seandsubtnta tennt t,l Fur- T BAXTER, at,'the Auction Mart, on Thursday, June 26, at 12, in 'fourlota. ITALUAEBLE Freehold Estates ; compriisng a T capital and vgalable farm, called Stone-house F'arm, situLate "adintngthe turnpike road, consisting of a'bout 12 acres of excaellet land, with house and btdndings, possessing admirable sites for the erection of one or more good residences, being one of the most beautiful and hesaltby- situations in the kingdom, commanding extensive and delightful views of the dioe undulated country around, and well screened from the north by done ornamental fir trees, and may be readily converted into beautifultpark-like grounds, having a pretty drive from the high road through te winding vsaley up to the house. Also a ipiece of valuable bunding land of about 16 acres, situate at a short distance from the above ; another piece of land, with a large barn thereon, and several enclosures of valuable building land, situate in the village of Halstead.- These Properties are truly valutable, being so eligibly situate, in sodelighitful and healthy a coDuntry. There are omnibuses to and from London, and a railway in contemplation to come within five sTles, and stag and fox hounds in the neighbourhood. Mfay be viewed 14 days Preceding the sae, and Printed pariculars of F. V. Ci. Pike, Reiq., solicitor, Serle-street. Lincoln's-inn, Lodon; inns in the neighxbourhood; at the place of Wo; and of the auctioneer, Ac., Bromley. Kent. Folkestone. Rent.-Sea-slfde eaildenoes-Abaolut-a Sae. ]EL. T. MACLEOD has receivedl instructions to SELL. at the Auction Mast on Friday. the 13th day of June Eext, at fl2at noon, a detached ana delightful VILLA, RESIDENCE. containing 10 rooms, known as Mariello Vill with th arsdens, wn fith-pond, coach-house, stables offices and uialXdngs,occupied there *ithi, situaLte in Ste own grounds in that improving and favourite watering-place, Polkeeton%, bout two minutes walk- from the Railuvy Station, andL a convenient diaanefrom thbe Harbour. The shtation commands the coast of Francs, sea and land viewa, and the premises are adapted for a fiamily of the highest respectability - also 3Eartello- terrce,consstig o fivwel-hun pcyatresIece lut nDvr roadeac houe cntaningeigt roms,garenbakndfotad seyreulmain onscrtyo h roet.T ve p to Mr. Rihr Lydn nthe premises,andflunand descriptire&pited priuas and conditions of sale, may.be obtained of him -aloof ?eWssrs. MGWregorys,Sirro anld Roweliffe, 1, Bedford-row, London, solicitors, and tl'e auctone. 9 Cannon-streetwest, city. London. Tripe Boiler's Plant.,ixu Fiy Fittl= = - Eetion of Shed,3Brickwork, H S..MOORE and TE MPLE will SELL by 2it12, AUThe N. oam the Premises 93. Shoredutcb, on Mond~y, June 2at1,tePLANT and FITTINGS ,consisting of largeirunwater tanlrs and cisterns, 10 stout iron boilers and pans, lea ipea and brass tapa~ fumnaces, and brickwork, fittings. of a tripe boling-house, sbop counters, boardls and shelves oil cisterns, sceale and weirtta, diat, desk,. andhbook-cupboard, iron repoEltory. gas iitftigs, and otn ersitems. View Saturday precedngsaud memingof sae. Catalogues on the preminiFsB and of Messrs. Moore and Temple,auctioneers, &c-, 4,3Blomfield-street. city. Berks, within a mnile of Maidenhead, near the river Thames.-Very valuable and improving Freehold Esa&te, free of tlithes and, land-tax, called Spencers Farmi, comprising 352 acres of excellent arabie and rich gracfing land., with farm-house, homnestead, keo. -DA KER and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at ii the Mart on Wednesday. June I1L at 12. in four lotsa. caia FREEHCOLD PROPERTY, called Spencer's; Farm, in the parshM- of Cookham. one mile firom the Maidenhiead Station, atnd 11, of the Cookcham Station. 7 of Windsor and 23 from Landon:; a shunE distance also from and overlooking the heautiful gipurnds of Clifdlen. the favourite residence of the Duchess of Sultherland, Lot 1 will comprise a meet desirable Field of Mleadow Land, close on the banks of the river Thanmes, adjoining the road from Maldenbead-bridge to Cookham,oontaining 3a. 3r. a beautiful site for a fishing box. Lot 2. The Farmnho,-e,garens lageorchard, farm homestead, two labourcrs cottags.and2-Sa In 8r.of very fertile highly productiveo arable and rich gracng and imeditely surrounding the farm-house Lot 3 will consistof everl v valubleenclosures of highly productive laud, interedid b te WooeboRailway, with important building frontage tote rad remMaienhadto Cookharn, comprsn CIa62. 2r 38p lyingTverycompact,.and eligble for bu.dingpuroe. Lot 4wl corn p- pre four beantiful enclosures ofelevated land,oPposite lOt3 COnt=n ing 48 acreg. There Is excellent brick earth and gravel on time esae which is at present in the occuapation of Mir. W-ills a highly respecal tenant, hose Senory wil expire t Michalisnetwhpoeslr maybe ad.Maybe iewd ce ekpevoufy Patclrshdo Dalston--kd 1, Park-road. oppeit St. Philp'shuc-Excellee, H=auehold Funtur and Effects. F. G DEEENHAM wfi SELL by AUC- M TI,O. on the Plremises wuabore. on Tuesday next. June B. At, 12, tihe capital HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE; comprisiug Spauish mahogany. four-post. Axabian, and other bedsteads, feather bed and bedding. cbests of drawers, marble-toP and other waestirands, and the 'usuali chamber appendages handsome drawing room sLatte. sofa 10 chairs centre and card tables. elaborately carred cauterbury,extenadjIg dinig tables, eight cbhsl in atin hair cloth, superior mabogaznyscretaire bookrase, three-tier dinne w gon handsome damask Ivilow curtaIn and cornices, Brussels anLd mtenr carpets, a few chsoic6 paintings and enrv.s kitchen requisites, and mliscelaneous effects. lilaybeviewedce daprior andinorniogoif sale. Catalogues on CIse Premnises; and atrDbnsnsoffices, 80, Chear,eifi Einstn.nTams, urey wthn fvemiuts'wak of the ~Ralway Stsion-Tobe ereptoilySold, by order of the Mortgagee, under 111 R.. G DEENH IWHIl SELL by AUC- ~YLTIN, a the art.oppoelte the Bank of England, on Taesdaky. Jun 10 a 12 inon lot. SIX substantially-built DWELLINGHOUSFS (oe with s op,se. 1. 2.3.45,5 and 6, on the south side or levlan-rod, eadng romMaple-lame to the' Ports.mouth turnikeroad letto rspetabentants, At renta 3amounting to i8i per annm; eldupo lesediret from the freeholder for Is year s a a grondren o £1 le,Per annum. Particulars on the premises , at the ailwyHoel,Kingston ; Grayhosunid, Rticbmond - at the Mart - of EnehPhlis,Bq.. aeliuitor, Chippenhamn, Wills; and at MrDeeha' ofcS,D8, Cheapside. Fasnhlam, Surrey, within a Mile of the Town AndYS Stato..T.y ~Smal * Capitalists, Speculators landSocieties, and othems liFR F . DEBE2NH1A willSELL byAl:CTION, JjT.. at thieMart, on Tuesdy, June 10, atl2. in fouirlots, 26 acres o eligible FREEHOLD LAN D, seated on a beautiful eminence, known as Lodge Hill havn frontages of about 1,560 feet to a good road, end within a few hundre yard of the high road from Faruhiam to Tilford1'articulars with plans, many ne had at the Bush, Farnham ; at the Mart;- of E. Hockley, Esq., solcictor, Bell-Yard, DDClorS`-Co0mos11R; ancd at Mr. Debenham's auction, land,' and estate offices, 80. Cheapslde. 4irsavezor-pasrk, WVaiworth, near Camberelgae.Bymoder o~fthe Executors of the late Mms H. Glmnahm R F.G. DlEBE1NHAM will SEL b T - AI TI iON,a tebur.o TietaRSJ ~, he art ontoed .June 10. a 2 eladsb roveo&r-par d Caberweil, pleasnl srituaeoerokn a ra Retlsuae. e to a. rEEspecabl tenat h netkst a rear.om. theinadequateorea of £helat per.Jonnm hoted tor BELb AUTer IOfN0yasrm14, at the louSc wa ound Sa-rentofun £61pe annum.r olcno-ticreciseon.the premises; ath art:R ofrC Cheamionyi, Esqed soi-de tabd IL ESDEB CESA erec eceied inthbstadmstrsubstian- tial manner by the late owner, each with A large well-stocked gardenL in the rear, in thae occupation of highly respectable and old-standing Aperise f the tenants, ndnparticlarsiobtined on tefpremiss:mene ato k RtherSwan;eof MrMootly, builer. a Dule-place, CIRSaPORTaI:ON Gorgte HURPLn, FTa, soliitr 4, Eingsret and atA BULDR; come pbasng' aouties 15D Caheams o a,emdadfr .c l iice n Eothe roDithe-nd mus. Stoicano a Si nd EhBeoat, Buldb;Aer. and ashRcaEs S seeril loaso l o SEL tbaUcksof~ byewo.n order ofn thea Trses on the Premises,ndow Rorgefeny acineer, Ioewendw ofth rLU ThoCd Hous andShIp.an BOAthBUield ER. cm prsig bot 50fahos f sh em,And CT, Itch el tihesan Oluarters,Soa rok and kees,old c anot d Reng ith oakvslabs, AoeTi- FreodHouseradSo, Smithfield, 1IR. MOXOK wil SELL by AUCTION, at the Arct,o if~on Wednesday June 4, thbFEHyL Hdiret-o No.h Ti, opsClouthf, Balthoaoew,cinoexceinth ocuption, n of trhBekei -- £32rental.t ParticularsGatCthentAuctFon.,aro;ioftoA. GraBastis,-Eqqa, soiio.Rdrs-tet;and of the auctioneer, S. S. Matin'si-place.rfagrsqae Old calley.-Smal. FreodGoudBn,wthBev'-rehsold toTw li/ B.MOX N wll ELLbyAUCTION, at the Ii.Aution~ Mron nteosdyJn ab decrection Caofeth Exdetr of the latoe WilamHat, sir avlable FREEHROLD GROUSED RNTr of an peDanm,s cure pnstwo houses irath Bishous-coret,l old Baiey, vinexelln codto,adyfteana cudaas maylbe obtained ofW.HahFs,slito,2.Bhpeae street, withinmeg;of W . S. Cvne,Eqslctr rysinsur adothautoerStMatnsplace, Trafagar-square. In Cehanc er"saidensoandv Bodett nand Cthersc.-Frdehn%d StePro Patyoflh slatieJhy.Fotrd.Eq l/R. MOXON will SELL by AUOTION, at the MYl Mart, erteBn, on Wednesday, June 4, bysuutoadecreetion oChane madeinsthe aboles caiundse,tedTW ofeby desirable trCeaty,OLD HOEHLDHUSES,Es13ad4, Gdelimhflytan-treein Doctorsel-commons, int rhespecth ivecutin of Tahm-gev, Pothgres and dersFilder, pnroduci nge aofuthenthousf hav2ng Moayhhobe,vee stbyig permbrewsionofdthe tnns antuid ng Uoiwdnparticulars otie fF .Dla,Rq oticidoffr,.3;Jrat. stret, S. Jaes's ofD. S oceti.Fsq solicitpoer. EG0.,Linols-itnrield; atthe Actio Mart an Eof teyactoner, 3,d St. ondertia- Freeholdeiecsad Gfardewlns, near Ciwc GadsrdeshePo MR. MOXON wil SELL by AUCTION, at the t biMat, neart HthelBn, V dor,Windulys, Jundiecynieton of AeTuthea Trustee (ulaessoh prvoustey dsose of ubye priat treaty),E fOUric thesDOut si NDe of t Tu chard-gree en,wtgadn and lawnco ina,containin 18carpenster uroamtedo-green tth arot; oH. Spier,llqsolicintore Sodt. Maridn'spae,Tad. gar-squsg re,peag Frehldehli-old eado Stud arWnear Chaindsor. m R.Whit HRt Hotl,ASIdsR, in Javulyydrecwthionsoft3srusteer homteEeurxof the late JonFse,Heaubenr oldt FernCLOUR of rDSIch 18 ares siuat atDedortl-geenabutJumie 17on aindsor , o the Freeoadtoursaidnhd, hparticuar arehie prepriEng.~~n ad.t FehdPulchueit.Martin's-la ne. CCharinng-ssross. M .W. R. GLASIER Wi S fvo yrdw thitrctions byAUCtIO,a Garraway', on Tuesday. June 17, at 1 2- for 1, b ietio o life of acadyL o agedlabte7 Hears, aetFen l the tovetof£0 ery annum, Maye vewe byperisson fte enan. Sand partiuashadteof mise; a Garawy's;andof he uctinee, 4, C adin-snrabl dpe Frehtold,Houeand Dcbshop, with -extisivabeWoreshopsad Y,ard, Sith liF.W. R. GLASIER ill SoueclL byt AtrctioN, at Gusayrwa, s onn Tusdy.Jue1,a t 12 for 1, byoeloulesa directibon offe the ExcTrio of thde b liateCHno Bnt Frns, teq. thlabe veryEsiaOLD andsubsE tuanteiay-uit prEEHOLD Hof Sea and Itl SHor,wihexte n- siom wokhopse and yard withitw husride eyxril-aoce,ondoadirably adate orsiderrblyg onlantraede oegrdbsieso rxequirin droomy spreninte,nod3St. o Marteinslne,tAchring-cto. in hanandnd possessientl wiebed giom-e ro beo vaiewed,i andprartculrshd of sereantine cariady adriSon, soli-s citors,i1e Slapl-nn, Hor orns, at Geris audpla's;ndof the uctioneert listur. laas th. prASyofwiE h isfincreuased wi the lnstrntiong paiy et. fro the Fspame. tor,tousEL lyarge N atd Gelpr artoeeway'eceton Tueday, June17 tati1 fo ampnloe lotamuness anoD acceptible offne isprleviousl smdadey Privathe Conraes te vraluabemet ar h EStATE,dinsitate iustntheiarihsl fGra and Liodih ttle Horuese y in in the countyer;of eesex.tkowaW oo,four-s mita lesanacomach-ouchstes',X sdiion isoi the Epiariethandr style,e and hao uwithidth las 415 year been enceof n einet achiect Itstads onvnitently etiaredfarom-th road fro whch i isapprache byserpntie whroledrivets,in its pighstureelad Sthe priacyleofewhie ieseincreasedesbyathe plnations Pe parly el,wtin thesae GodIt contisf ag an detbihd Bsell-proportineroT-buidings ar substntal and Gaccor De ith tHeousehl Fuintarcie - tu E.hatr C. er aUrBetwolfur-stll stbleyn cAUCh-hOuses o adiiot the Parkmilands3, thesreeare alon upwards ofn 61 acres for goo yeund atrah lawknd,with n heatsbailf'sotg, intandte, cnecssary ofarm-s bidings. toethert with twa bervick-bu vaitycottfs the whole ucontainirng ben r fewpd Patrntime.lartiulr with plnofditheoestateale and viwaoftamanusin may be had of Messr s.Hrison and Faincriht, Bolieitors, 2, Gray'es-inn;a-q ,Lnd on at the Thrinofiee, inps V ckourheter Garace's-is Hedteionstord andmi ato GulcArrCTaON. Tnhesae Pemay b~ envienegb tanisoe onlyuBdy,whc,wt patiulars, mayd beloin hado athe2 fr Iuchiry41 CheabigcoveTlss. Rkfi~.AogtemDtpoieto whigh-streetSt m lentonedthe Lpoiteatse of the dsialBusinessf Pretomisnes, withches,tes Goodwll of nsoldestablihed business, Sntoqeckbin Tradse,-gt ofa Chinare satn wdwas Deraler,Hueold Facuenturie abndtc room the Pirremises,ings High-steset,onfrida.Jne6ogat dinforng tbles ores der of the Eetri of theateirs. anssycainaburym.rthe vslaablel,EAd of telabove PREkcmIE mheldnyfor anbnxire termcasof abouth 30yers,riate attint; als the stock ind wterads;te, conistingof chin dinner, lbdeset ande easides alt of toi uletaet, usdefDuliasort metocuiarcrcks, utgls in.' decanterss, table glas of ether usual ddescrptio,houehldefunitbudoe, Appndaefes. h supremls-eemd loiues ayn hd gofd Meltcsars. Combomand WeounSesih, solicitors,et Saple a-un;oand atrtheoucion officers, sinWawic-o urt,n Grays-inn.dar Eentongoe.h whcip le rofm the oeleganwthx ivcaes of Gret ie aragdwTh awkeyarets,wi th aste,inluingtcostlyo col Stes, G nobe Cons ioleadCimn ey-gashes,billdscipnt-toned tendoir t Pianoote,collecton o Pantins,heaoutifudOriental Chin JaS, and vexwedatre ornamentald Itetms.taogea ad(mth M B- C. FURBEB haics,been fav&-ourdwth Grysinn.uc ti.u tosumi topublwfiACI, oEL the PUemIses, R leuig ton-gore, onThuesday June3an folwngd. at 12 for 1 cmsoPEachOday, EThTE aove valuabl ABII'E Y Amon we- th mos-dt pried t ofsr whchm aybe; menione the w appo;inmts ~of ~th mite o Dreception roosno the roostecostl Thecrphouse of ricyhly giewlt rchairswfitehl glasesistos of mgurodtatinewidoattcurt;ait, l marhetlord esscabinet pe-dest aslseboard,sent-rofaisad ,of3easychirs Eiot nd mooce,. splenid York-terrace, Rtegent'sf-pari-Furelture, OriginaLl Paintings, Rare China. Foreign Birds, Reptiles, Insect, and other Effects, liFR.BARNE (of Birchin-lane) will SELL by AUAUCTIO.N, ox June 4, and following days. on tho Premises,the valuable CONTENTS of tho RESIENCE. No. 31, York-ttirr5ce formed by the owner during a residence of. 40 years, on.sisting Of stuffed foreign baids, reptiles, and inrecis'. various Curious items, about 70 Daintings water-colour dLrawings, and ensmeKs including a. fne OrIgMin5lianting, WMar Mrsalen W aahing the Fenet of ourliaviour~ byOtho euisus,amiDrsy ofhooks, rareooldh - ;theceapitoafurmitur, consisting of arosevwoodd.rawi3g room suiteinchalrs,s0fa6loo,sndothec tables, cabinets, cases, cbeffoniers, two cabinet pitAnof crtes, chimney plaeges, window curtains, mahogany diniag and sitting room furniture Dea room items in mahlogany, four-post and other bedsteads sod furni tures, clean bedding, winged wardrobes, chulte of dmawes dressing tables and glasses, and. numerous others itemsi, china, glass, kitchen requisites, and vario3s other effects. To be viewed day Mor and nonnsof sale Catalogues had ofA.D. Smith, Esq., solicitor, 27. Great =ins-tot, Bedford'row ; at the York ad AThany, Regent'spark;- and of3fr, Barnes, 19. Birchin'lane, Lombard-6-ret. Bourton-on-the-Water, near Stow-in-the-Wold, Glocestershlre R/ . WM1. LINE has received instructions to SELL, Itt at the.New Inn, Eurton-on-the-Water,*onMondaLy, June 9. at 2 for l precisely, in lots, a small FREEHTOLD ESTAT, called Bury Fields, situate in the parish of Bourton-on-the-Water, near Stow-in-theWoid. Gloceitershire. wi,thin an easy drive of the Shiton and Addlestrop Stations on thelOrtford, Worceste-r, and WolverhamptonEailway and ins good hunting counwtr. The property comlprises ahouse,suited for the residence of a gentleman withl a jsmsal family or for a hutig box, with domestic ofm.ffcs tables. coach-house, ang other ourt-uildlags, dryingground. kitchen and fower gardens,and ornamentalIwalks aoii g,criae d _v eding from the house to the high road, with a cottage Well susted for a ledge ; asho farm-buildings, barns stables cattle Sheds, rick yards, labourresa cottages, Ac,. within a conyenlent dist=anc of the said dweUllng-house ; together with about 51 Lacree Of arable and pa~sture land and 1I1 acres of rich meadow ld, with the right of un gthe river forn f g,and irrigating the same, and everY apparatus necessaryfo the pupoe; the whole well stocked with ornamntaland thertimbr, ad sujectonlyto a quit. rent of Is. 6dchareabe teren. ayb viwedon pplcaton to Messrs. Kendall theaucioner.Oddngtn; ose, Kndal ad fnn,Bourton-on-theWate; Mses Bece,wilkns,andBlyli,10. St. Switk's-lane, Lonon Mesr. illam an Jmo,Sf Lncon'-in-fels.London.;
