DEATHS. On the25th of April last., at Bima, of the prevailing epidemic, yelow feTer. the Rev. Francis John Biddulph. aged 35, Chaplain to H.M2s Legation and the Britisn residents, deeply regretted. On Monday. the 2d inst., Mr. Francis Heavens, many years in the office of Her Majesty's Exchequer of Pleas, aged 72. On the 3d inst.. at Anstey Villa, Ravenscourt-square, Hammersinith, Charlotte, widow of the late EdwlarI Jenkins, Esq., in her 62d year. Onthe 3d inst., at Great Yarmouth, Henry William MaxweU Lyte, Eeq., in his 3Sth year, eldest son of the late Rev. H. F. Lyte, of Brixham, Devon, and of his wife Anne, daughter of the Rev. NV. Maxwell, D.D., Falkland, county Monaghan, On the 4th inst., at Pitsea, Essex, aged 4S, Matilda Jane Catherine Edwardes, wife of Lawrence Tucker Edwardes, rector of the said On the 7th inst., at his residence, 18, Bury-street, city, 3Mr. Nathan Casper, aged 74, universally respected and regretted by allwho knew hin. On the 7th inst., t aWeymoutb. the Rev. Wiliam Dansey, SEA., rector of Donhead St. Andrew, and prebendary of Salisbury, aged 64. On the Sth inst., at 48. Alarchmont-street, Burton-crescent, S1r. Nathaniel Calvert, late of 30, Wakelleld-strect. Regent-square. age 72, On Sunday, the Sthinat., in the 77th ycerof his age, LieutenantGeneral Duncan SIcLeod, Bengal Ezgineers, of N-o. 3, Clifton-place, Hyde-park. On the Sth inst., at Bury St. Edmund's, Francis King Eagle, EFq., Bencher of the 3Midd a Temple, J ustice of the Peace for thie counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, andJisdge of the County Courts of Suffolk, in the 69th year of his age. On Monday, the 9th inst.. at his residence. at Brighton, Thomas Barrett Lennard. Esq., the eldest son of Sir Thas. B.*rrett Lenuard, Bart., of Belhtes, Essex. On the 9th inst., in Walton-place, Harriett, widow of the late Admirl Clob Campbell, of Ardpat.ick, Argyleshire, 'i.B., in the 53d year of her age. On the 10th inst., at Oxford, aged 4 months. 'Margaret, daughter of the Rev. Frederic EtuUey, D-D., i'resident of Miagdalen College. On Tuesday, toe 10th iust.. at Bishop's Stortford, Eleanor, the beloved wife of Charles Hawke, Esq. On the 10th inst., at his residence, 34, Lusdgate-h ill, after much severe suffering, borne with great patience and resignation, Mr. IHenry Howes Faiers, aged 56. OnthelOthitst., at 109, Eaton-place, suddenly, Sutheriand Hall Sutherland, ts'. On the morning of the 10th inst., sssddenly, at 7i, Eccleston-squ3re, Ahlcia, the wife of Sir Fortunatus Dsarris. On the 10th inst., at 3, Woodland'`-road, llackheath. in her 52d year UMin, wife of Mr. John Hail, of the l.utk. of England. On the 10th inst., of consumption, Elizbeth, wife of Thomas James Hunter, of 31Siner-strect, Chelsea, aged 31. while on a visit at his undo's, Mr. John Runter, Maddox-street, Lundun. On the 11th inst., at 41, Westboruen-park, aged 6 months, Owen Henry. only son of Thoe. Chas. and Emiiy ultihazo. On the 11th inst., at 1, Warvick-square, Pimlico, Simeon Henry' eldest eon of Thomas ifardy, Esq., aged 191 years.
PARLIAMENTABY INTELLIGENCE. 1IOUSE OF COMIMONS, WEDX%SDAY, JUNE 11. The SPERmr= took the chair at 12 o'clock. PRINIATB; BUSINESS.I The Maybole and Girvan Rail-ay Bill, the MetropolitaTn ail.way Bill, and the Morayshire Railway Bill were severally read a third time and passed. NAWAB OF SURAT'S TREATY BILL. Upon the order of the day for the consideration of this 1 private bill be irng read, I Mr. V. SMITH su-ested a postponement of the third reading for a week. The Speaker had decided that the subject was properly dealt with in a private bill, and it had beenreferred to a select commuittee, who had made their report in a somewhat unusual shape, calling the attention of the House to the reasons for their decision. Although the subject was treated of in a private bill, yet many points of a public nature were involved, as the committee themselves had stated. Questions of constitutional principle -would probably arise, and the whole subject would require most careful consideration. He therefore proposed that, as the committee had made a special report, the House should defer the third reading for a week, in order that members might make themselves fully acquainted with the evidence upon which the report had been tounded. Sir F. KELLY observed. that tho question to be decided -was one affecting the good faith and honour of this country. (Hear, hear.) It was a solemn appeal to the justice of the country, and one which involved the honour and good name cf the nation. (Hear.) He could not consent to any postponement of the bill, as he conceived such a conrse would endanger its success. The claim was for the payment of an annuity which the East India Company had solemnly pledged itself to pay to the descendants of a native prince, who, upon the faith of that engagement, ceded to the East India Compasny his territories and revenues, of wlhich it was in possession up to this very period. Of the justice of the claim mow made he had no doubt, and if the right hon. gentleman iMr. V. Smith) would pledge bimself that, in the event of that House endorsing the justice of the claim, the East India Company should render a tardy justice and make payment of the annuity, he (Sir P. Kelly) would not resist a postponement of the third reading. The right hon. gentleman gave no assent to that proposition, and, therefore the only course -was to proceed. It was now about 50 years since the Nawab of Surat (perhaps coerced bv the presence of a large British force) reluctantiy entered into a treaty with the East India Company for the cession of his territories, his arnmy, and his fleet to the company, upon consideration of receiving an ainual payment, at first, of 75,000 rupees and one-fifth part of certain revenues, and suibsequently a total annual sum of 150,000 rupees to be settled upon himself and his heirs. That treaty had been uobmitted to a committee of the House, comprising some of the most able and acute men anmong them, who had unanimously agreed that the annuity was payable to the descendants of the prince who made the treaty. The annuity had been regularly paid to the Nawab during his life, and .fterwards to his son and successor. Upon the death of the latter, in 1S-3, Meer Jaffier Ali Khan claimiied to be'Nawab as the nearest surviving relative of the deceased; but, after much delav, the East India Company came to -the determnination that the claim could not be admitted, and decided expore that the office of Nawab having by their own act ceased the paymenit of tbe annuity under the treaty also ceased. It was true the company proposed to allow to some miembers of the family small pensions during their lives, but only as a nmatter of charity, refrsing payment of the annuity as a matter of justice. 'The heirs and successors of the Nawab now carie to Parliament to ask thatt the annuity should peremptorily be paid to them, but that it shiold be paid to such persons 'vhomn a competent tribunal should decide to be heirs within the meaning of the treaty made with the Xlawab of Surat. In order to obtain a decision from Parliament the matter had been brought before the House, and it had been introduced in the shape of a private bill by the advice of the right hon. gentleman the Sp2eaker. It had been referred, as he had already said, to a select committee, composed of members perfectlycompetent todeal with so grave a niatter. The qluestion to be decided was whether under the terms of the tre.aty the annuity should be paid only to the heirs and suecessors in oflice of the ;awa. b of Suast, or to the heirs and descendants of that person. The select committee entertained no sort of doubt that, accordinig to the just as weU as legal meaning ofthe words in the treaty the annuity wvas payable tothe heirs of the Nawab in the ordinary naturaL and legal meaning of that term-the heirs of the family. It was true the committee in their report stated that " questions of a public nature had been raised in the course of the inquiry," but who hiadi raised them ? It was the East India Comnpan.y, with unlimited funlds at disposal, who raised those quzestions, and created those difficulties by means of the skilful management of the able counsel whom it was enabled to retain. (Hear, hear.) It was said that there was a constitutional question involved, but was there anything in the constitution by which British India was governed which could release the East India Company from the performance of a solemn obligation ? It must be remnembered that the treaty had been almost forced upon an un'w fling prnce, who, upon acceding to it, handed over all his possessions, his poves-, and aut;hority to the East India Company, but did so w ith a firm belief in the good faith of those with wihom he was dealing. O;overuerDunconinspressed on the negotiator, onbehalf of the N awab, how mluch benefit his mtaster would obtain by cheerfully acqluiescing in and quickly signing the new treaty, which would, lhe told hint, *'give security for an honourable provision to his master and his family and his descenda.nts from generation to generation, greater than lhe had ever yet had; and whereas the company had never failed in a strict - performance of their engagem ents, would bind them in perpetuity to* the support of the Nawvab and his fami2y." (Cheers.) Such heing the language of the Governor of Bom bay, he could net understand how this claim could be resisted. If it were s.aid that an address to the Crown was the proper mode of obta.ining justice, his reply was that, supposing the Government prepared to advise the Crown to srder payment they need only say so, and he would no longer occupy the time of the Hlouse. (Hfear, hear.) Bat there was a precedent for proceeding by bill in the case of 31r. Hiodges, wvho, havinzg security onl the villages of the aemindar of Noseed, u-as premlised payment by the East India Comlpany, and when the company refused, as in this case, to mrake p.aymnelt procured a htill to he passed through :Parhiament to comrpel thenm to perform their engagement. The claims of thse family of the Nawab of Surat were referred to a MIr. Freer, w ho made an aw.ard ; and, suhsetjuently, an act of the Governument of India .as.sumed to dispose of those conflicting claims. That act was most uncon5titutional, because it took away the right of appeal to Her 3laicsty in Council, which was the birthright of every subject in India; and lie wias at first disposed to bring in a biUl to declare it v oid; hult all he asked new was to give back the righlt of -appeal. He tbanked the Hfouse for the attention wvith which they had listened to his statement, -and he app)ealed to their sense of honour, of truth, and of good faith to deal justly w ith this msatter. He understood, as a point of forme, the miotion of the right hon. gentleman 'was, " that this bill, as amended, be further considered on This day week'," as an amensluent to which lie would move -hi leave out all the u-ords after the wvord ";bill," and to add these words, "hbe now read a third timie." (Cheers.) Sir J. W. HOG(. could not understand how, if thme hems. anud lea rned gentlemran relied so confidently on the justice of the case, he shlould persist in seeking a decision, when no single member had had an opportunity of informing himsself as to the merits. The Ho'mso ought to knowv that the merits had not bee n reported on by thme commidttee. They 'were of opinion, in common w-ith himself, that questions of State policy should be left to the Executive, and to the E:xecutive alone; and, whatever mlig7ht be the determination, it shoulld be borne in mindi that the parties w ere not helpless. If the Executive did not do their duty, an address to the C^rown mnight he moved, or reference msade to a select eomrnittee. There w.ere many ways of raising discussions on a public qunestion, hot of all wa2ys thme mrost reprehlensible aend thle most opposed to justice was to refer to a private committee; anid, if proof were required, it w.as only necessary to quote the concludmng sentence of time report of this private conimitTee. They said: "Into other conlsiderationls of a political and constitutional nature your committee have declined to enter. What degrce of wveight these consi-herations may he.ar your commTitteehave regarded as a question properly belonging to the And so lie regarded it, and therefore he was not prepared for a discussionl of the construction of a treaty which was -essentially a constitutionlal question, in the absence of all knmowledge of thle case. It w;as not a subject upon which loss of time wazs important, for he found in the paper last session these notices: "Ntaw;ab of Surat.-Sir F. IKelly,-A bill to repeal so much of the act of lS4S w,hich takes aw.ay the jurisdiction of the courts of lawv. " Sir Ersline Perry,-To calll th:e attention of t.he HouLse to the treaty betw.een the E:ast India Conspany and the Ilaw;.b of~ Surat, and time interpretation put upon the treaty by the company." 'W hy did. not the hon. member fo,r Davenport call attention to the treaty and its construcetion ? The House wvould then have had P apers before it and escaped the gross delusions -which pervaded the statement of the hon. and learned memher for Suainbk. The hti . and learned gentleman said this pnfortinatne oblenran, es ha called hin, had transferred to the company the territories and revenues of Snrat. He de nied it. )e was not going into a long hitory about Snrat, b ayt he would mention a few leadig points h which he begged the House to keep in mind, in order to understand the question. The East India Compeay had had cos ( nercial relations with Sarat as long ago as 1ei7. but nothing of sen sequence occurred until political relations existed, which elated back to 1759. Previouis to that date the chief of that city and its dependencies had committed great ars of injlstice on British subjects, and refused redress. In consequence of that refusal, the GovernTment of the dav combined with an individual named 3eerjan, and expelled the chief who had previously ruled over Siunat, and tlte result of the engagement with Zleerjan was, that lie took the territory atnd revenue, whilo 'we took thte Mogul Castlc and fleet. The treaty with Mleer an was a personal treatv, and not a treaty with hins .and his succe,sors, andi on his death it was competent for the East India Coumipany to bestow the towrn and territory of S.irat upon any otlher individual. MIecrjaic died in 17S9, and upon his death, and upon tlle death of each of his snces-or", the nantes and claimus of collipetitors for the chief anthority were sent to the English autnorities, and, after discussion, the person deemned the fittest succeeded by the nonsination of the Governntent of India, and not by descent. In 17J0, so completely was Surat considered within the control of the Govermiuent of Ilsdia that the Governor of Bombay wrote to Lord Cornwallis expressinmg an opinion that, as the Indian Government had to pay for external defence and internal government, it v;as better to do away with the mere form of authority in the Yawab. At that tihe the P,Iahratta power batl a claiml of "chout" upon the Surat territory, and, in terror of a conflict with the Mahratta power, Lord Cornwallis said ho would not accede to the recommendation of the Bombay Government, but world allow the eon of the ruler, who wvas dead, to succeed to the Nawabship. He now came to lS00, the date of the treaty, Be did not want to urge the House to be bonnd by the woyrds of the treaty; bute in construinig it the first con- sideration should be the circumstances of the case, and the positioa of the parties at the tiale; the next should be the policy of the Government, the object they had in view, and the means they took for effecting that object; and the last should be, what was said and done by the actors and persons engaged in the treaty at the time. While the chliefs of Surat had possession, there were constant quarrels with the company. The company wanted them to pay something for defence and government. The chiefs pretended poverty, and would pay nothing. Those disputes were pending when, in 1800, the Nawab died. Lord Wellesley, who was thea Governor-General, said,-" Nowv is the opportunity to place the government of Burst on a solid and proper footing." The hon. and learned gentleman said, " The object of the Governmnent of that day w,asto purchase from the son of the decesedNawab a transfer of his territory and revenue, and to pay for it." He had shown that there was no succession in the i family-no right of inheritance-and every word of a letter of Lord WYelle61ey, who made the treaty, gave an utter contradiction to the statement of his hon. arid learned friend. In that letter Lord WYeilesley said:- The exigencies of the public service during the late war in Mysore, anid the negotiations which succeeded the termination of it, would have rendered it impracticable to your Government to furnish the military force necessary for effecting reform in the goveranseit of Surat, even if other considerations had not rendered it advisable to defer that reform until the complete establishment of tranquillity throughout India." Lord Wellesley distinctly stated that the East India Government were competent to do what they liked with the Nlawabship and to give it to whomn they pleased, and when he sent the articles of agreement to the Nawab he caused him to be explicitly told that his acquiescence in the articles was the condition on which he was to succeed to the Niawabship. The hon. and learned gentleman (Sir F. Kelly) spoke from his brief, and he only knew as much of the case as it was the interest of the parties to tell him (hear, hear), but he could not knowv anything of this letter of Lord Wellesley, which was the very essence of the case. (Cheers.) Lord Wellesley expressly said that the provision made for the Nawab was not a provision for the individual and his familv, but for the maintenance of the State and office of the NKawab. Lord Wellesley added that if the Nawab chose to ratify the articles he was to be placed in the situation of Nawab, and if he refused the Government would nominate some one else to the office. He had shown what were the *iews of the Governmnent and of. Lord Wellesley, and he now causie to the treaty itself, which was strictly in consonance vith the letter of Lord lWelesley. He objected altegether to the assumption that the hon. and learned gentleman (Sir F. Kelly) was one whit more anxious to do justice than those whose duty it was to administer the government of Inldia. Lord Ellenborough, Lord Hardinge, and Lord Dalhousie were quite as lesirous to do justice in this matter as the hon. and learned gentleman, and they and three successive Presidents of the Board of Control had always taken the v iew which the hon. and learned gentleman had discovered to be a gross injustice. The title of the agreement was as follows .-"Artidles of Agreement between the East Isidia Company and the Nawab of Surat, his Heirs and Successors, forthe Administration of the Government of the city of Surat and its Dependencies." The preanible set forth that the East India Company had been subjected to heavy expenses for the protection of Surat, and that the existing system of government was inadequate for the protection of life andi property. This, he contended, bore out the construction that the agreement was one between the East India Company and the Nawab and his heirs, being Nawabs. The article on whiclh the hon. and learned gentleman relied was that on which the East India Company agreed to pay the Nawab and his heirs and successors a certain sum out of the revenues of Surat. The East India Company contended that this applied to his heirs and successors, being Nawabs; and that whenever the Nawab was mentioned it sndicated the office, and not the rights of individuals. He was sorry to trouble the House at such length, but he felt he had an uphpill case. (Iroeiical cries of " Hear, hear," from Mr. Murrough.) Yes, he had an uphill case, when men by their cheers indicated that they had formed an opinion upon a case of the merits of which they miust of necessity be ignorant, and before they had themeans of knowing wvhether their opinion was well or ill founded. (Cheers.) A discussion subsequently arose between the Bombay Government and the Supreme Government whether or not they would allow the Nawabship to go to a collateral heir. A person called the Bukshee would in that case have beess Nawab; and, if so, this man and his daughters would not have got one shilling. There was not a syllable in the treaty to show that it was ever intended to limit either the Nawabships or the annuity to the heirs natural of the personlwithwhom thetreatywas made. It was said that this man had been deceived, but what Mr. Duncan said to him was, that those who preceded him had only a personal right and had succeeded by the nomination of the Governient of Iidia, but that by the treath in question the Nawab and, his family would succeed by the right of succession. Mr. Dimcan used the words, "heir"and 'family," and the hon. and learned gentleman contended that these words would not have been used if it had not been intended that his descendants and family, whether they siicceeded or not to the Nawab-hip, would get the rupees. His (Sir J. Hogg's) version, on the contrary, of what Mr. Dincan said was, that whereas the Nawab had up to that time only succeeded by inomination, by the treaty the Nawaabship would be secured in the family; and u-ith the Nawabship would be secured the rupees. Meer Jaffier -All Khan, in his memorial to the Court of Directors, in February, 1S44, at first claimed as successor to the Nawab ; but when both the Government of India and the Court of Directors told him it was impossible to recognize his claim as successor, because the i\awabsllip had lapsed, he shifted his ground and said that the annuity had been granted in perpetuity, was private property, and was given irrespective of, and unconnected with, the N awabship. Yet this was the person who only a few months before had preferred his claim to the succession. One of the grounds upon which he founded his claim to the Nawabship was the assurance which, as he stated, he had received from his father-in-law . Now, a treaty had been set on foot between the Nawab of Baroda and the late Nawab of Surat with regard to the marriage of the daughters of the latter with the sons of the former, and an arrangement having been made that the stipend and the Nawabship of Surat should go to the sons of the Naa-nb of Baroda, the two Nav,,abs w rote and asked the Government of India to ratify that arrasigesnent. The Government refused its assent, but the fact of its having been demanded proved that the parties thought they had themselves no right to enter into it. Upon every occasion the Government hiad exercised a control over the stipend, and at the time of the marriage of the two daughters of the late Nawab the husband mnst have been perfectly well aware that he was not entitled to a farthing. But did the House suppose that when the grant ceased the family of the Xawab would be left to want, or even that they would be in straitened circumstances? No such thing. A calculation had been made of the amounr, necessary to keep up the state of Naawab; that amount, 4.0001., had been deducted from the stipend (15,0001.), and the remaining 11,0001. had been divided among the family, not, he admitted, as a matter of right, but as a matter of grace and favour. This verv claimant, although not entitled, either by the English or the Mahomedan law, to a single farthing, received 2,4001. a- year from the liberality of the Government. He found that the title of this bil hadbeen changed; it was called the "Nawab of Surat Treaty Bill," instead of the "YNawab of Surat BEll." Probably the hon. and learned gentleman thought the House would be alarmed at seeing a bill introduced for the purpose of enforcing rights claimed under a treaty. Ile contended that a treaty entered into by the Government of India was as binding upon the Government of England and upon the Crown as the treaty which had lately been signed at Paris, and the Housewould have cause to repent the establishment of a precedent by which individuals wvho fancied they hadl rights under treaties would be enabled to come to thatlhouse and attempt to enforce those rights. What was the definition of a private biU? It was a bill which affected two or three people, not the whole commanity, and the result would he most calamitous if private bills ere allowed to deal with miiatters in which important questions of public policy, like the present question, were involved. Why had not the lion, and learned gentleman, instead of introducing a psivate bill, moved for a committee or an address to the Crown? He now came to a question totally unconnected with that which lie had hitherto been discussing. The petitioner, Jaffier Ali, dwelt very little at first upon the question of the treaty, but said-"When the Nawab died y ou took possession of the govermnent, and you brought in a bill to screen yourselves, to withdraw the question from the jurisdiction of the ordinary courts, and to take away my-right of appeal." That was certainly an astounding statement to those who were not acquainted witih India, but those who were acquainted with that country knew that the greatest honour which could be conferred on a native was to exenipt him from the jurisdiction of the ordinary courts. He held is his hand a list of 288, not princes but sirdars in theBombay territory alone, whohadlaright to that exemption. The list was divided into three classes, and the greatest injury that could be inflicted upon a man in No. 1 class was to put him into No. 2, and upon a man in No. 2 to put him into No. 3. At the death of the Nawab the Government bad nothing to do but to see 'hat the estate went to the rightful heirs, and an act was passed, not to withdraw it from the ordinary tribunals, but to constitute a tribunal forthe adjudication of con'ficting rights. WVhen the act was published Jaffier All thought it was not extensive cnough, and he actually prepared an additional clause distinctly exemptin^g himself, his family, and the estate from tue jiiisdioston ot the ordinary tribunals. Yet this muchinjured man now ventured to complain of having been withdrawn from theirjurisdiction and deprived of his appeal to the Queen in Council, having himself been not only a consenting but even a soliciting party to that withdraval ! There was another inmportant point. He contended that this was a question of public policy which ought to be determined by the Exeentive, and could not be brought under the consideration of any court of justice; but if he werewrong in that argument,-if the question were one for a judicial trbunal, why had not thepetitioner taken itbeforethie judicial tribunals of India, from whose decision, if it were unsatis- factory, he might have appealed to the Queen in Council9 Although the petitioner was exempt from the jxuisdiction of the ordinary tribunals, the Government and the company were not; he could not be sued, but lie could sue them in every court in India. Why did he not take that course? Because he never thought of insisting on the rights he now clainsed until lie came to England. But he warned the House that if they taught the natives of India to look for the redress of their grievances, - not to the local authomities, but to the English Parliament, they would destroy the influence of the Government of India, and they would transfer khadput (not corruption, but, what w was still worse, undue influence), which they had banished from Baroda and Bombay, to England. He was astonished at no papers having been laid before the House previous to the introduction of the bill; but a few days before a discussion upon it was hkely to take place, his hon. and learned friend behind him (Sir E. Perry) had supplied the omission, and the production he now held in his hand had teen brought under their notice by the petitioner, who had the hardihood to style himself a descendant of the logus,-a statement which was absurd because it was not true. (A laugh.) Now, the reason why the Nawab had consented to the marriage of his daughters with Jaffier Ali wps that there was a doubt as to legitimacy of their mnother- it was in consequence of that sigma upon the familythat-he put up with the low-born Jamer Al. SirG. Arthur stated that there wera great doubts as to the marriage of the mother of the girls, but there was no doubt that they were born four years previous to the ceremony, even if it had taken place. Sir G. Clark also said that the connexion was far below the rank of the Nawab, since Jaiffer Ali was of no fanily whatever, having been the architect of his own fortunes. (Cheers from the Opposition benches.) He had not a word to say against a man because he had been the architect of ia owvn fortunes; still, under those circunstances, he had no right toboastthat hewasadescelldant of the Moguls. (Hear. hear.) Sir G. Clark further stated that the -Nawab had consented to his daughters' marriage with Jaflier Ali, in cOnSequenCe of the doubt as to their legitimacy, and that, in his opinsion, Jaffier All hadhbeen most liberaly dealt with by the Government. Mr. Wfilloughby concurred in the opLnion of Sir- G. Clark. In the private estate of the iNawab the home Government had no interest, and he wished that that had gone before the Queen in Council. because it was a matter for judicial decision; but the construction of treaties and questions of Stte policy were not matters which could be submitted to any judicial tribunal. He therefore hoped the louse was prepared to accede to the motion of his right hon. friend for the adjournment of the debate. The hon. baronet, in concluding, corrected an error he had fallen into in the course of hLis speech. He said he found that the petitioner, Jaffier All, described himself, not as descended from the Moguls,jbut fromnu oblemxen ind theirfCourt. MIr. CABDWELL felt sure that the House was desirous of dealing with this great question in a judicial spirit, and of giving a just andt equitable decision, EO that justice might not be defeated either by delay or by the absence of any l;nowledge which it was desirable to possess. Viewing the matter in that light, he regarded it as rather inconvenient that the House was at that moment discussing the great merits of- the question on a motion for delay. The house should determine whether it would go into the questionthat day or on next Wednesday w ith the evidence before it. He had acted in the Private Bill Committee on this measure with colleagues unanimous in their decision, and, as far as they were concerned, it would be agreeable to them that the House should be in possession, before coming to a vote, of the grounds on which the committee decided. He would explain how the committee regarded the nature of their duty. Finding that the subject-matter in dispute was of a public, and not private nature, they felt that the attention of the Hlouse must be called in a formal and solemn manner to the real merits of the controversy. In the first place, acting as a private biU cornmittee, they dealt with the treaty of 1800 according to its construction as a written document, and according to the represontations which appeared to have been made at the time it was signed and executed. The committee unanimously arrived at the conclusion that if the agreement had been made betveen private parties it ought to have force and validity, and consequently they reported the biU to the House. (Hear, hear.) Then came the other guestion which the committee had defined in their report to be of a constitutional or political character. The constitutional question wsas this:-The charge, if enacted by Parliament, would he a charge upon the public revenues of India. A hill creating a charge on the revenues of this country could not come before the Hlouse in the shape of the present bill, it being a ffixed rule of the House that no such bill could mal;e any step wvithout a recommendation from the Crown. There was, however no standing order applicable to charges on the revenues of India ; but the comn,ittee, sitting as a private bill committee, did not think they could come to any decision on that poiabt, which, if noticed at all, ought, they considered, to be noticed by the House itself. They came to the same conclusion in reference to any public considerations connected with the treatv. IIe would now venture to state the course which he thought it would be convenient for the House to take. It had been justly said that this was a question in which the honjour of the British name and the honour of the British Crowvn were concerned (hear)-and he thought the House should first hear from the constituted authorities, the responsible Ministers of the Crown, awhatwas the course which they, taking a wvide and comprehensiveview of the subject, were prepared to take in regard to the stipulations of the treaty, anid then the House would be able to judge whether their view was a right and equitable one. The President of the Board of Control had moved the adjournment of the debate till Wednesday next; and he understood that the hon. and learned niember for Suffolk was willing to assent to that arrangement if he could be assured that a decision would be come to next Wednesday, that that decision should be taken to be final, and that, in case it was in favour of thebill, the money would be paid. It was not for him to enter into that part of the case, but a reasonable course appeared to be this-that the President of the Board of Control should couple the proposition for the adjournment of the debate until next Wednesday with a promise that lie would theni be prepared to explain the views and intentions of the Government in regard to this treaty of 1800; and also with an assurance that the biU should not be defeated by being delayed too late to receive a second reaiting in the Lords according to the orders of that House. M1r. V. SMITH assured the House that he had moved the adjournment of thle debate not to defeat the bill by delay, but because he thought it behoved the House, for the sake of its dignity, if not for the salke of decency, after having referred the bill to a committee, to know on what grounds thatconmiittee had come to a decision. The hon. and learned gentleman asked whether the money would be paid, supposing the next stage of the bill should be carried. That matter was not in the hands of the Executive, for they could not dictate what course the House of Lords should adopt with regard to the bill; but he believed that, if the present debate wvere adjourned till Wednesday next, there would be no risk of the biUl being prevented passing both branches of the Legislature by mere delay. Mr. CARDDWELL explained that nothing was further from his intention than to imply that the right hon. gentleman wished to defeat the bill by delay. Sir F. KELLY wished to have an assurance that the evidence would be printed by next Wednesday, so that there might be no further delay on that ground. Sir E. PERRY observed that the evidence connected with the treaty of 1S00 was already before the House, and, with respect to the other evidence, he did not think it could be printed and ready by next Wednesday. If the debate were adjourned, he thought it wvould only be consistent with justice that it should not be postponed again, under any circumstances, from next Wednesday. With regard to the speech of the hon. iuei,rber for Honiton, he declared it to be full of the greatest inaccuracies with regard to matters of fact. The hon. member declared, first of all, that the petitioner, Jaffier Ali, represented himself as descended froni the Mogul., but, on isis (Sir E. Perry's) denying the accuracy of that statement, afterwards corrected it. With regard to the ins1putations casting a slur on his origin, the petitioner declared themi to be grossly untrue, and certainly a proof of their untruth u-as contained in one of the documents referred to by the hen, member for Hloniton. He did not mean to say that these and other inaccuracies were vilfu;l, but he attributed them to that sanguine temperament whicli induced the hon. member for Houiten, having taken up one view of a case, to regard every fact and every document as being in favour of that viewv. Sir F. KELLY was not: aware that his right lion. friend (Mr. V. Smith) was not as well able to express his views and those of the Government on th,e mere question of the construction of tie treaty now as he could be at any future period; and, as he did not understand the right hon. gentleman to give any pledge that in the event of the debate being adjourned to Wednesday next it would be finally dealt withl by the Governmenlt, then he had no other course to adopt than to press the bill through its present stage. Mr. WIGRAM said that if the House went to a division on the question ho should vote for the motion for adjournment in order to afford time for hon. members to make themselves acquainted with the facts of the case. As to the bill itself, as it stood at present, he could not support it. The first clause was particularly unsatisfactory. The committee had determined the effect of the treaty in such a manner as to keep open the question of who were the natural heirs, and they ought to have inserted some provision investing the Nawab with the right of bringing an action or of filing a bill in equity to determine the question if it were at all doubtful. Sire J. GRAHAM supported the motion 'for adjotrnment, not thinking that the House was at present competent to arrive at any satisfactory decision on the merits of the case. Tihe House had before them the report of a most competent committee, which had given its opinion on the merits of the case, as between the two parties, intimating however, at the same tihu, that there was a further and most important question-a political and constitutional question-to be taken mto consideration, which they did not conceive to have been referred to them, or, at all events, which they had not felt it their duty to report upon. Upon this question it was of the last importance that the House should hear the opinion of Her Maaesty's Government, as represented by the President of the Board of Control. He understood the zight hon. gentlenran to have stated to the Hlouse that he should be prepared to give that opinions on Wednesday next, and that in all probability, before WN"ednesday, next the'evidence which was the groundwork of the opinion to be formed by the right hon. gentleman and the House as to the higher question of the political and constitutional bearing of the miatter would be in the hands of members. That evidence he was told was voluminous, but, looking at the late period of the session, it would be a substantial denial of justice if, on account of its late production or its bulk-, the decision of the Hlouse were postponed beyond Wednesday next. If the President of the Board of Control would assure the House tbat he would at all events be prepared to pronounce an opinion on Wednesday next, and that in the meantime every exertion should be used to place the evidence in the hands of members, it would be unwise now to proceed to a division to-day, and to carry the present discussion further, tlierefore, in his opinion, was inexpedient and unnecessary. M1r. V. SMITH said, his reason for desiring an adjournment -was the absence of the evidence on which the decision of the House must rest; but he was informedbytheSpeakerthat tho evidence would bereadyin avery fewdays. The right hon. gentleman the member for Carlisle had askedwhether he should be prepared on Wednesday next to state the course which the Government intended to take, even if the evidence were not printed; but tbat woould be a question, not for hin, but for the louse to decide. If the House should next Wednesdaybe determined to proceed to a division, even withoutthe evidence, of course he should then be prepared to state the view which the Government took on the subject. Sir F. KELLY said, if the right hon. gentleman -would assure him that he would be ready to proceed next Wednesday, with or without the evidence, he would agree to the adjournment; otherwise he should take a division to-day. Mr. J. G. PHXLLIMORE agreed in the expediency of adjournment, but thought it impossible that the House could be diverted frouri doing substantial justice in the matter by the corimnonplace arguments which had been used against the bill. Sir J. FITZGERALD thought a more odious act of tyranny had never been commnitted than the withdrawal of the Nawab's annuity on the pretext given; and it would be disgraceful to the House and to the nation if the agr ex_eie which had been entered into were not adhered to. - -lr. SPOONER had been brought to the conclusion that -i the House would not be justified in withholding its assent' from this bill by that sentence in the report of the commnittee which stated that, having construed the words of the treaty preciselv as they would be construed in a court of stethey Sad found it impossible not to recognize the awb s clains. Mr. OTWAY supported the motion for adjournment. Mr. 'GBEGOR insisted on the great importance of the question at issue, and hoped that it would be decided apart from all pecuniary considerations. Sir C. WOOD said, the only object of the adjournment was to enable the House to see the evidence, which he understood from the Speaker would be ready in one or two days. It was not to suit the convenience of the President of the Board of Control, for though he had abstained to-day from going into the merits of the case, he was perfectly well acouainted with them, and had already formed a judgment or the matter. As to the resumption of the debate on Wednesday next, that, of course, would depend on the House. No opposition would be offered by the Government to the question being brought forward on. that day, and the Government would be prepared then to state their view of the subject. In the absence, however, of the evidence, which was necessary tD enable the House to form an opinion on this very important question, it would bh unwise to proceed to a division to-day. Sir F. KELLY having expressed his willingness to accede to the suggestion of the right hon. gentleman (Mr. V. Smith), The motion was withdrawn. THE EARL OF PERTH AND 7MELFORTJS COMPEN- SATION BILL. On the motion that leave should be given to introduce this bill, Sir H. WILLOUGHlBY asked for an explanation of its objects. Sir F. KELLY thought it would be premature to explain at this stage. Mr. F. FRENCH thought that, if compensation were to be given in Scotland, it ought equally to apply to England and Ireland. Sir G. GREY said that giving leave to introduce the bill would not pledge the House to its support. In assenting to the petition his noble friend (Lord Palmerston) had reserved the right of the Government to oppose the bill, if they should see fit. Mlr. W. PATTEN said, that although nominally a privato this was reaUy a publc billn and he should be glad if his hon. and learned friend (Sir F. Kelly) would explain its object. Sir F. KELLY stated that the object of the bill was to give compensation to the present Earl of Perth and Melfort ior the seizure, on the attainder of one of his ancestors, in the reign of James IL, of certain estates which belonged to his wife, and wvhich, as she wvas not at all concerned in the treason alleged against her husband, did not pass to the Crown. Mr. LABOUCHERE concurred with the hon. member for North Lancashire (Mr. W. Patten) in regarding this as being practically rather a publiec than a private bill; but recommended the House to consent to its introduction. Mr. HENLEY regarded the bill in the same light, and said that a measure wvhich must, if agreed to, affect the appropriation of the public revenue, ought not to be brought in unless the Government were prepared to recommend the House to pass it. At the request of Lord H. V,NE, The SPE AKER stated at length the several stages through which this bill would pfss. Until it had passed the second course would be substantially the same as that E of anyotherprivate hilL. After that, instead of going to the ordinary Private BiUl Committee, itwould be referred to a select co"mmttee, and would afterwvards pass through a committee of the whole House. AVfter that stage its course would be similar to that of apublicbill. (11ear, hear ) The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that he was wholly uninformed of the ground upon which the claim for compensation was made, and requested the hon. and learned gentlem?an who had charge of the bill (Sir F. Kelly) to state where information upon the subject was to be found, in order that hon. memsibers might be prepared to discuss it upon the second reading. Ir. J. Gl. PHIIT;MORE said that to permit the introduction of this hill would be to set a dangeroas and unconstitutional precedent. Sir F. KELLY said, n reply to the question of the right hon. gentleman the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that at whatever stage of the bil the Speaker should intimate to him thit it wouldhae convenient to tale the discussion upon it, he would be prepared to state the grounds and the facts upon which this claid, for compensation was put forwiard The CHANCEL OR of the EXCHEQUEh was satisfied uith this explanation. Mr. FITZROY said, that the last day on wchich private hills could be read a third thie with a view to their going upst tmhe House of Lords was the 28th inst. ; and it was ime - possible that th s bill, even if totally unopposed, could according to the standing orders, be read a third time on that day. Sir F. BARING said, that as the House k-new nothing of the subject of this bill it might not assent to its introduct on. Mr. WIBLSON suggested that the discussion should he tik;en upon the committal of the bill. Sir F. KELLY would accede to this suggestion. At the same time, if it should turn out that, as had been stated by the right hon. gentleman the Chairman of Committees (swr. i Fitzroy), the bill could not reach the other house of Parliament this session he would at once withdraw it for the present. The motion for leave to intoduce the bill was agreed to without a division. TflE AUlSTRALIAN MAIALS. Mr. BLACee BURN roseasur s toas the Secretary to the Treasury, whether additional time for lodging tenders would be given to parties desirous to contract for the Australian Ma.ils, considering that the publie nere not in possession of the information given by his reply on this subject on the previouls da.y. MIr. WILSON did not think that it was necessary or desirable that the time should be extended. Lord NAAS sasked whether, if it could be shown that considerable advantane would result from thecextension of the time by 15 days, such an extension w. ould be agreed to ? Mor. WILSON replied, oean that the object of the Government was to get the beat tender, and if any number of persons represented to the Treasury that that object would be gained by aU extension of time, ld days should not stand inits way. SPIRIT TRlADE (IRELAND) BILL. Mr. BRADY, in moving the second reading of this bill, explained, that theloriginal object of the measrewasto assimilate the laws of England and Ireland in regard to the sale of spirits and other fermented liquors; but, after consulting with those competent to give him advice on the subjest, he bad come to the conclusion that it would be better to lirit the operation of the bill to the police district of the city of Dublin, and, with that view, he had certain amendments to propose in committee. By the existint law, public houses in Irelantd coutld not be opened before 7 o'clock in the morningt and must close at 11 at night on week days; and on Sundays they could not open before 2 in the afternoon, and must shut up at 0 o'clock, and then remain closed till 9 o'clock on Mlonday morning. These regnlations were far more restrictive than any which prevailed in the rest of the united kingdom, and there was no valid reasonnuhy they shosld not be relaxed. This measure would alto relieves licensed victualer applying for a renewal of their licenses from the necessity under wihich they were at foresent pLaced of obtaining the signatures of six householders living in their immediate neighbourheood, as wel as of the chief constable of the district and theoverseers-a condition at once inconvenient and useless; while it would likewise modify the present thrcefold system of registration by which licensed victuaUfers were required, in addition to register no with the revenue of ficer, to go annually through the same form with the clerk of the peace, and also at the chief police-station, paying in the former case a fee of 2d. Gd., and in the latter one of 10s.-bnrdens alike oneroues and unjust. After contending thatvthere awas abundant statistical evidence to show that the undue stringency of the present restrictions on the opening of pubhlichouses i Dublin was a fruitful source of vice and crime, as wiec as of serious detriment to the revenue, the hon. gentleman concluded by moving the seconsdreading of t.he bill. Mlr. J. D. FITZG ERALD opposed the motion. The bill would increase the tasation of the citizens of Dublin by abolishing the fees yearly payable by tho licensed victuallers and the produce of which went in diminution of the local rates. A&t the same tiune the second registration,-YiZ., with the clerk of the peace, wnas hardly necess ary, and need not he insisted on. The meawtre next dealt with the restrictions on the hours during wshich publichouses carried on business. This wvas, perhaps, the least objectionable pa.-t of the measure, but he wrould recommend the hon. gentle man to endeavour to cffect his object in this particular by the insertion of a provision in the Dublin Police Bill, now before the House Starnda to awiathgdrtaw the present measure ,Ir. GROGNconeived that some extensionof thehonrs during which publichouses in Dublin were permitted to be open was requisite for the convenience of trade, but the bill _as clogged with other provisions which he could nut support. MUr. P. O'BRIEN hoped that the bill would be allowed to be read a second time pro for)n-M, the mover being prepared to confine himself to a revision of the hours of opening. Mr. HORSMINI appealed to the Speaker whether the alterations proposed to be effected in the biU did not render its further prosecution irregular. (A laugh.) The SPE AKER stated that if the operation of the mealure was to be limited to a particuzlar locality the end in I vNew must be attained by means of a private bi. (Hear.) lr. BRADY -would, under those circumstances, withI draw the bill, trusting that the Government would see that the needful changes were made. The bill was withdrawn accordingly. ALDERSHOTT CAMP BIL. This bill passed through commaittee, as did also the Oxford University Bi. The Insurance on Lives (Abatement of Income-tax) Coniinuance Bill was read a third time and passed. The LORD-ADVOCATE obtained leave to bring in a bill io abolish certain unnecessary forms in the framing of deeds hn Scotland. Mr. HORSMAN also obtained leave to introduce a bill for the better regulation of the Houses of Industry Hospitals and other hospitals in Dublin, supported wholly or in part by Parliamentary grants. The House adjourned at 6 o'clock. Mr. HENCdY has paired with Mr. F. Sco= until the 26th inst.
IADMIISTBATIVE RE.OR. The inew chairman of the Adrainistrative E~eform stsDociation, Mi. Rdebuck, has iasned the following address to the rnenibors " Gentlemen,-On being called upon to act as the chair Tnan of the Administrative Reform Association, I think it incumbent on me to state the objects I have in viewin con senting to preside over the deliberations o. that body, and the course I intend to propose for adoption in tho hope of attaning those objects, " I suppose that the members of the association, like myself, have remarked the extraordinary difference which exists between the moce of conducting private and public affairs in this country; that, while in the management of private enterprise there are manifest the best skill which the country affords, great industry, and a wise economy, ia all public proceedings there are to be seen a dogged resistance to all improvement, a slavish adherence to a settled and antiquated course of conduct, reckless expenditure, and steadfastness only in blundering and folly. I assume, then, that, noticing this remarkable dissimilarity, the mesmbers of the association banded together in the hope of being able to introduce into the management of public concerns the energy and skil which distinguish in this country the conduct of private affairs. This I assulne to be the object which the association proposes to attain. This is the purpose which I have in view when consenting to act as chairman of the AdministrativeReform Association. "Hitherto, although the efforts of the association have been strenuous and earnest, I am induced to believe that the success of those efforts has not been equal to the expectations of those by whom they have been made. I do n.t mean to say that the association has done nothing duriug the year of its existence; but I do mean to assert that the members of the association are not satisfied with the result of their labours; and that, therefore, they have determined to adopt anew plan-to pursue a different course from that which they have hitherto followed. "Believing with the association that their endeavours have fallen short of what they themselves and the public expected, I have striven to ascertain the cause of this partial fainre,-to discover the circumstances which have thrwarted and rendered their efforts comparatively of no avaiL. " I shall now proceed to state the conclusions to which I have been led by this inquiry. "The movement made by the Administrative Reform Association has been one generally in opposition to the aristocratic character of our Government. Lord Brougham says, in his Life of Mr. Allein, 'that we must consider it now as a fixed and settled rule that there is in this country a line drawn between the ruling caste and the rest of the community; not, indeed, that the latter are mere hewers of wood and drawers of water, but that out of a profession like the bar, intimately connected with politics, or out of the patrician circles, themselves the monopolists of political power, no such rise is, in ordinary cases, possible. The genius of our system, very far from consulting its stable endurance, appears thus to apportion its labours and enjoyment, separating the two classes of our citizens by an impassable line, and bestowing freely upon the one the sweat and the toil, while it reserves strictly for the other the fruit and theshade.' Tow, I assuune that one of the great objects of the association was to obliterate this line, and to make the principles which govern the conduct of the laborious part of the people the rule also of those who have hitherto, according to their own fashion, managed those affairs of the nation which are included in.the term 'Government.' But it has been the aim of the governing classes of this country to resist every attempt on the part of any other class to interfere with this their monopoly of power, and the consequence was, that, when it was seen that an endeavour was being niade by you to invade their cherished dominion, you were vehemently opposed by every means that could be furnished by wit, by sarcasm, by contempt, by abuse. In this proceeding the ruling classes were acting in accordance with all their traditions; and when we look back at their history we ought not to be surprised by their conduct on this occasion. "There are, however, three ways by which political power may be obtained in this country-viz., by military, legal, and Parliamentary renown or influence. The first two means youecannot obtain, and the third, which lies within your grasp, you voluntarily relinquished. These facts, then,-first, that you were a body not belonging to the governing class; and nc.-xt, that you resolved to work oat of doors, and not in the House of Commons,were the first circumstances that brought about your want of adequate success. " The next important eircumistance that contributed to maLe your success partial and incomplete was the peculiar situation held by the House of Commons in this country. The House of Commons is, in fact, the sovereign power of the State; by its determinations it governs the land; and, as every resolve is foUlowed by a practical result, its deliberations overpower and supersede all others. No rival deliberative hody can stand in opposition to it; and you, wrho were, in fact, a oival body, were absolutely put ou by the House of Commons. This fact is so incontestible that I need only to point it out,-any further illustration is unnecessary. This statement of the causes of vour non-success points, in my judgment, to the remedy, and suggests the course that ought to be pursued. That course is not to set yourselves up as rivals of the House of Commons, but to adopt a mode of proceedingthat shall give youpower iI it. If yon obtain this end you will be secure against the contemptuous opposition of the governing class; they wiUl respect your power and pay deference to your opinion; and, workling with the House of Commons and through its means, you will not be brought into rivalry with its overwvhelming power; but you will derive weight and importance from that which heretofore has been the chief cause of your want of success. " Now, then, comes the inquiry-What are the means bv which this Parliamentary power can sbe obtained? In order to explain my views upon this most important point, I will describe the constitution that I should propose for your association. The association, then, in my judgment, ought to be governed by the following responsible officers:-I, a chairman; 2, a finance secretary; 3, a corresponding secretary; 4, a statistical secretary; and 5, a general secretary. These, to compare small things with great, would constitute your ministry. The constituent body, to whom these officers should be responsible, ought to be the whole body of the subscribers to the association, acting by means of the geperal conumittee, the constitution of which I propose to leave as it at present exists, and which wil exercise its power, as it now does, from time to time in general meeting. " The chief great end of all the labours of this executive body should he to form an efficient Parliamentary party. To this end, three separate means conduce,-1, to obtain influence with the separate constituencies; 2, to correspond and act with such representatives of the people as may ba willing to act with you; and, 3, to employ the powers of the association in gathering together such information as may be useful to these friendly and co-operating representatives. "I will now endeavour to explain the part which each of these officers should sustain, in order to conduce to the great end of forming and maintaining an efficient Parliamentary party. " The duties of the chairman should be those of general supervision. He forms the plan of proceeding for each department, determines, in every case, its particular line of conduct, and is responsible for the success or failure of every course of policy. The duties of the finance secretary need no ex-planation. We ought to choose for this important office a person in whom we can place conlidence, and award himn a large and liberal share of it. "The duties of the corresponding secretary require explanation,as upon him will, in a great measure, depend the success of the association. Your firsct means of influencing the representatives of the people will be through their respective constituencies, and your power over the constituencies I intend should consist of means derived from organization and intelligence. For the purpose of obtaining power to be thus exercised I would propose that a regular and organized plan of obtaining information with respect to every constituency in the country be adopted ; that a Parliamentary ledger be opened, which shad contain, in alphabetical order, all the information which has power in an election of a member. To obtain and record this information-to put it into a shape that will render it availableupona moment'snoticc-timeandlabourand intelligence would be necessary. It would be the business of the corresponding secretary to learn what information would be needed, then to obtain this necessary information, and then to have it properly recorded. He would, in fact, be the medium of communication between the country and the association, and he would bring to bear upon the constitaencies the organization and knowledge of the association. We seek to influence the determinations of the constituent body by information which our organization enables us to attsin; that organization, also, will give us the power of acting efficiently, and at the right tine, upon the minds of the public, and, being in communication with all parts of the country, we can direct our efforts upon every point where our great enemies-ignorance and corruption-are assailable. "The duty of the statistical secretary will be by an or anized plan to collect information respecting the various su jects and departments which we seek to investigate and reform. To colect, methodize, and renderfit for use, by the various officers and allies of the association, all such information as may be needed will, in fact, be the business of this officer. " The general secretary, as Isis name implies, would be the assistant of all the othea officers of the association. "Such is the rude ontline of the constitution, if I may use a large word, whicis I proposd for the association ; and, as tne general committee have adopted my proposed plan, I may name the gentlemen who have consented to act with me, and -who have been selected by the general committee for that purpose. The association will have the benefit of their gratuitous services; and I have a saguminc hope that, by their energy and industry, we may attain many, if not all, the objects which we seek by means of our present association. Mr. Travers will act as finance secretary, 31r. '3orley as corresponding secretary, 2Ir. Gassiot as statistical seeretary, and *Ur. Ilevans, as general secretary. By this mode of proceeding, responsibility will, I believe, be concentrated-we shall be a working bodg, not induced to spend our time in idle talk, but intent always upon action-inquiring what is necessary to be done, and usnembarrassed by useless, profitless dispute, doing at once what will be needed. Oar responsibility to you, the members of the association, will be ever present to uS, and we shall know that the only means in our power of retaining your confidence will be the pursuing of a course of conduct that 9i1l render us deserving of it. "This proposed machinery has one property that onght to recommend it to the association-it Will at all times accommodate itself to the means we Possess ; as those means increase the efficiency and power of our plan of proceeding will be increased also; and it wvill therefore depend in great mneasure upon the association itself whether we shall bs effective or not. If we receive an earnest support on the part of the association we may fairly hope that the benefits we anticipate will be the result of our labours, and that by this means a new element may be introduced into the executive part of our Government; that the administration of our national affairs may become a national work, and n' longer be, as it is now, the appanage of a small and favourel class; that the energy and skill which are evinced by our countrymen when conducting theirprivate affairs may also characterize the Government of ournation; that, in the one case as the other, we 2& ye rudes - energetic, prudent, sacious, a.EV VIY eAing. " I nrem7. oGr0tlemed, I " Your=ost obedient servant, "1June 7. "J. A. ROEBUCK.'
JUSTICE TO THE X3LITIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDr-ES. Sir,-As the only chance of obtaining redress from any official act of injustice is to caU the attention of the public to it, through your columns, I trust tha3t you wiU give insertion to the following statement on the subject of Acting Quartermasters of Militia:- When the militia was embodied, on the breaking out of' the var, instructions were issued from the War-office, dated January l3, 1S55, in which it was recommended tha"Theappointment of quartermaster should preferably be flled, in, all cases, by a subaltern of the corps, who will be allowed for such additional duty 3s. Gd. per day, in addition to his pay as a subaltern." By this arrangement, a saving of 3s. a-day was effected, and most commanding officers considered, it to be their duty to follow Ithese instructions, although, at the same time lt deprived them of the patronage of thac commission of quartermaster, which, althoagh nominallyin the gift of the Crown, is alvays given to the person selected by the commanding officer of the regiment. A shore time ago it was announced by Lord Panmure, in the House of Lords, that it vas intended to augment the permanent staffof regiments of militia, and that a permanent quartermaster was to be added. This announcexnent. has, however, since been foilowed up by an order-to regiments aboult to be disembodied, wliich leaves the permlanent staff on the same footing as it was before, and contains a clause which deprives a majority of the regiments of militia of the expected boon of a permanent quartermaster. The clause in question is as follows" The quartermaster now holding a commission as such, will also be retained on the permanent stafl with pay at 5s. a-day." Application. has been made by a number of colonels of militia: to havef their acting quartermasters who have done the work efficiently during the embodiment of their regimeats, ippointed permanent quaTtermasters; but ths has heen n everyinstance refused. In this way regiments, -whose commanding officers havostrictly obeyed the AWar-office instructions, and thereby effected a saving to the countrv, are placed in a worse position than those -who have disregarded the recommendation w hich they received. If the appointment of permanent. quartermaster wvere merely intended as a compensation after disembodiment, why sbould not the same arrangement. have been adopted as in the case of the surgeons, who are toreceive a year's pay? If quartermasters are not necessary for the efficiency of the militia, why should they be in anyinstance kept up? I have no doubt, however, that all commanding officers of militia wvill concur with me in saying that if the militia is tohe called out annually for training, it is necessay that there should be permanent quartermasters, as it is quite imnossible for anyone to discharge efficiently the two dissimilar duties of adjutant and quartermaster. When a regiment is called out for training, every momentof the adjutant's time must be fully occupied in superintending the drill of the officers, non.commissioned officers, and men; and if he does his duty as adjntant, be must atthe same time neglect the equlaly important dutiesof quartermaster, viz., the issue of clothing, arms, andaccoutrements, to the volunteers, and their return into store, as well an 1 providing of the rations for the regiment. Trusting that your powerful pen will take up the case of what, I think,. ,may be termed ' a red-tape injustice," 1 have the honour to be. Sir. -onr most obedient servant,. jUlXVJmA!. JunefI. -
MONE?Y-M1ABKETand CITYINTELLI W2XV(JE. Weclnesday Evening. An increased belief that the Americain quiestion is approaching an adjustment caused the tunds to -open with steadiness this morning, aind, subse*quently, to experience a further rise. There was, lhowever, an occasional tendency to reaction, chiefly in consequence of the influence exerted ou the xnark-et by the sensitive condition of the Paris lBourse, and the statement that a new French loan, -either in a direct form or in that of a funding- of 'Treasury bonds, is not likely to be long deferred. -Consols, which closed last evening after reullar liours at 9 to i ex dividend, were first quoted 94 to i, whence they advanced until they- touched 94.}. From this they receded to 94-1 to 'i, at whic-h tbey remained without further alteration up to tho official termination of tbusiness. After regular hours there were again buyers at 9-a. The operations of the day were not *extensive or important. Bank Stock left off at 217T to 218,; Reduced, 941 to 4; New Three per tents., 942 to i; Annuities, 30 years, 17t; India-bonds 4s. to Ss. premium; Exchequer-bonds, 99 to 4; ;nd Exchequer-bills, 5s. to 8s. premium. Although a payment of 1,000,0001. becomes due ulpon the new loan to-morrow, there has been no increased demand for money, -which continues in good :supply at rates below those of the Bank. It is pro-bable, however, that to-morrow morning advances for a short period will be in more active request. Foreign securities have been freely operated in. 'The fluctuations have not proved impurtant, but quotations generally continue to be well supported. Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, wvere pur-chased at 99k, , and 100, and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for the accoumt, atlO34. The other tran:sactions comprised-lBrazilian Four-and-a-Half per -Cents., New, 95; Buenos Ayres, for accounit, 78 and 771; Chilian Six per Cents., 104; Danish Three per -Cents., 84; the Five per Cents., 102-1; Ecuador, New Consolidated, 14; Mexican, for account, 22Q and ; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., for the account, 78-1 and -; Russian Four-and-a-Halt per Cents., 98,)3 and 97 i; Sardinian Five per Cents., for accoLuLt, 921 and 91-7; Spanish Three per Cents., for the accotunt, 47-6, -, and t; the New Deferred, for account, 25S and s; Passive, 7; Spanish Certificates of Cou-pons, not fumded, 7, and i; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 95k. The corn-market was steady this morning at the -advance of Monday. The final quotations of the French T'hree per Cents. on the Paris Bouise this evening were 711f 30c. for money, and 71f. 95c. for the end of the month, showing a recovery of about three-eighths per cent. At Amsterdam and Vienna the niarkets remain without animation. It has been discovered that sonie of the boxes brought by the last WYest India steamer, purporting to be filled with gold, contain only lead and shot. The amount of tlhe deficiency at present ascertained is about 9,0001. A portion having been sent to Paris, the result was commuunicated to this side, and an examination on behalf of the consignees to-day at the Bank of England demonstrated the extent of the fraud. The boxes came from the interior of Neew Granada, and were shipped at Carthagena. The large aniount of dollars brought by the last Mexican packet has been sold at (;Od. per ounce, beinlg a decline of Md. from the price realized for those bv the preceding steamer. About 120,0001. out of the recent arrivals of gold is stated to have been sold to the Bank to-day. The prospectus has been issued of Bernard's Patent MN[achine Boot and Shoe Company, wvith a -capital of 120,0001. in 101. shares. Many previous attempts have been made from time to time to perfect a series of machines to supersede manual labour in this branch of manufacture, but they have been only partially successful. It is now believed that the object has been fiully attained, and a factory already exists, readv for u se, -sufticient for making 200 pair a-day. The company propcse to set aside 80,0001. for the purchase of the -whole of the machinery and patent rights, and MIr. Bernard, the inventor, is to be entitled to a moiety -of surplus profits, after payment of dividends of 15 per cent. to the shareholders. The expenditure of the population of the united kingdom on boots and shoes is estimated at 15,000,0001. per annum, and, looking to a gradual extension of their powers of production, the company contemplate an ultimate increase of their capital to 500,0001. Sir Robert Carden is to be chairman, and the board of directors is respectably constituted. The British Slag Company, which was announced some months back for the purpose of carrying ouit a patent of Dr. WV. H. Smith, of Philadelphia, for converting the slag or refuise of ironwork,s into an indestructible material, serving as a substitute fur stone or marble, have issued an amenided prospectus. The capital proposed is a0,0001. in 101. shares, and the remuneration to the patentee is to consist of a share of any annual profits that may be realized beyond 10 per cent. The patent of Dr. Smith u-as at one time threatened with litigation, but arrangements have been made for an amalgamation of conflicting claims. In the first instance, a small set of works are to be erected tv exhibit the practical metlhod of -operating, and the directors will then decide as to the propriety of extending the direct mamufacture or of confinin themselves to granting licenses. it is prolposed to establish a company callcd the Quartz Reduction Company, by purchasin- the machinery and works of the Agna Fria Company, who are involved in debt in California and obliged to abandoni their tudertaking. The capital is to consist of 30,000 shares of 11. The term.s of purchase are to be the payment of the Agia Fria debts (13,0001.), and the allotment of a 11.-share, upon payment of half its nominal amount, for every two shares in the Agaa Fria Company. Instead of mining on their own account, the new coiiipuiy intend to cruslh quartz for other proprietors-a process wvhich they assert would at present rates be amply remunerative. At a special meeting of the Chartered Bank of Asia, hehl to-day, it wvas resolved by a majority to make such alteration in clause 53 of the deed of settlement as will authorize the imniediate re-election of so many of the directors retiring by rotation as the Lords of the Treastrv may approve. A questionwas raised whether it would be judicious to sanction this proposal at the present moment, as it is strongly objected to by the representativ es of the Mercantile Bank of India, with wliieh establishmient an amalgamation is contemplated. It was alleged that an alteration of the deed of settlement would be a violation of the agreement entered into with that comparny, and that it might also prejudice the interests of the general shareholders. This viev,, however, was not entertained by the meetin, and confidelnce was expressed in the course proposed. It is iuderstood the directors of the Royal Swedish R1ailway have resolved that, unless a suificient amount of preference stock be subscribed to insure the completion of the 45 miles which constitute the first portion of the line and the discharge of the liabilities of the company, a meeting w-ill be called with the view of returning the money partially deposited. The subjoined memorandtum is from the English and Australian Copper Company:- " The directors have received advices from theirmanager, dated March 5, stating, that the smelting of copper was satisfactorily proceeding,at thecompany's worX-s, andthat to all appearance it would continue to do so until the end of April, when the winter season would commence; at which period the manager will transmit to England a full statement of the comp)any's affairs in A ustralia." Complaints continue to be made in the city of the manner in which letters are delivered by the Australianr mails arriving at Liverpool. It is asserted that already three distributions have been made of the -despatches by the Mermaid, and an impression is still entertained in some quarters that the whole mail is not yet delivered.
RAILWAY AND MININ5G SHAREa Wednesday Evening. The railway-market was firm, and prices showed a further tendency to improvement. Englishdescriptions were principally operated in, but Indian also commanded a fair share of attention. French and Belgian exhibited heaviness, sales having generally increased. Australian land and banking shares were well supported, although the transactions were not numerous. In Canada Land operations took place at 131, and the fnal quotation was 128 to 132. Mliscellaneous securities presented a steady appearance, wvith a moderate amount of business. Ottoman Bank closed I to I premium; Bank of Egypt, par to j premium; National Discount Company, i toi discount; Riga Railway, 21 to- premium; Pernambuco, 1 to-; premium; Bank of Switzerland, i to i premium ;Lombardo-Venetian, 5k to ipremium; Western Railway of Austria, 2 to X premium ; London and Paris Bank, 3i to 21 dis6ount; Western of London, 31 to 2A discount; and AMliance Ban],, 2 to 1 discount.
STATE OF TAADE. NOTTLNGHAZ, WEDsNEsD.AY. The lace trade remains quiet, but as the warm weather has set in we hope soon to be able to report an improved deniand for fancy goods, anid other light articles suitable for the season. The operations of the foreign buyers wvho have visited our lace market have on the whole been limited. There is a good deal doing in the hosiery trade, and the warehouses have been very busy, American buyers appear to think that the chances of a war with the United States as very remote, and that all the present fluster is a manceuvre for the purpose of serving electioneering purposes. Employmnent in nearly every department of the hosiery trade is abundant, and operatives are obtaining good wages. Indeed in some branches bands are scarce.
THE CORN TRADE. CORfN-EXCHANGE WYIDN,STDkT. Ju,- 11. Althottgh the supplkl of all descipions otgr~d are lmited. there is no great variationsidn prices; hut bolde exhibited more ftiomns,. WVheat may he considered to rule at about Monday's quotations. HULL. JujixE 10. The arrivals of grain Coastwise this week sbow a littlo increase, especially of wheat, the greater portion of which is from St.1Petereburg. The weather continues extremely favourable, and there is oveiV promise of an abundlant harvest. The wheat trade during the week has been active; the farmers' supplies appear to be almost everywhero falling off, vwhile stocks in tho dealers' hands are very light. There has been a general adVance of Is. to 2s. per quarter on ordinary sorts, and even meor on the better description3 of red, which appear to be most wanted. At today's market wo had a very small supply of English wheat, which was cleared off by local mierns at an advance of 2a. to 3a. per quarter. Foreign held ery firmly for a similar improvement. In barleynext to nothing offering. Beans and peas rather higher. Oats very scarce. andfilly Is. dearer. The followivng are the current prices:-Fnglish wheat, old white, per 5041b. 769. to Bos.; old red, 74s. to 76s.; new white, 743. to 7&,; new red, MOs. to 74s; barley, 42s. to 44s. per 32 stone; grinding, 3&a. to 40s.; old oats, per 24 stone. 26s. to 30s.; new oats, 26s. to 2iS : peas. 408. to 42.s. per imperial quarter; linse cakes, 8 17a. 6d. to 3 per ton; rapo cakes, 5 l5s. to 6.t Foreign wheat-Dsntsic, 7Sa. to 52s.; Baltic and Hlamburg, red, 6Ss, to 70s.; Danish-lIolstein, 66s. to 69a.; }gyptian, 45s. to 52is; barley, SaWleadUpland, 41s. to 4is.; lmoLvteinendDanioh, 33s. to40s., grind. wog.rikh to us.; oats, Frieslaud and Dutch, 14d. to 141n.; Swedish andeDanish, lid, to 14d.;ibnans, 42a to 4psz; fgyptian,e ds.toribs.o peof, 33s. to tar .;- sed tars 35an to MIs. - grindin 4 toto 3wSa, thnseed cales, 15s o toache perin on; mrpe cakeas s15o . to a ; bones, thes. Cd. to n ies. idcri ttee_aeps e Ei COIiRAGszEtIE:S TO WVOItXOISE ThACiSs.- Witha vievw to promote improvempent among teachers in vworL-house schools, the Poor l,aw Board, in conjunction fwith the Committee of Council on Education, have made some modifications in the excisting plan for the distribultion of the Parliamentary grant towards the repayment of the salaries of teachers in wrorkhouse schools so far as respeCts the capitation fee, and according to the certilicate possessed' the allowvance to the teachers in respect oi each scholar is int future to he made in accordaneo 5vith a scalo which has been sent by the Poor Lav Board to the guardia=s of the poe throughout Jioglad aud Walvs.
REGISTERING BILLS OF SALE. 10 THlE EDITOR OF THE TIlES. Sir,- )uni timue since I prepared a bill of sale for a trader . ..ecure the payment of 9001. to a person who had some .as before lent him that Aum to commence business with. 'T'he trader at the time was in prosperous circumstances, and had alw ays paid his debts when due, and then stood well vith his creditors. A day or two after the bill of sale was registered. The trader was much surprised on receiving letter after letter from his creditors, alluding to the registered bill of sale, and saying that they should supply him with no more goods un-i the bill of sale was satisfied ; and he was obliged to have satisfaction entered thereon, otherwise he would have been obliged to close his shop, although at the same time he wvas enabled to pay every bill -when due, and had a prosperous trade. I ani told that the Trade Protection, or some other Society, issue a periodical paper to the members thereof, containing the names of all bankrupts and insolvents, and a full description of all bills of sale that are filed. This I think ought not to be done as regards the latter, as it is a source of great annoyance to every one who is corpefed for a time to raise money by biU of sale to have it published to all the world. Let the registry be inspected, but no copy or extract thereofshould be taken for publication. As this is a matter of great importance to those who are compelled to give bills of sale as a temporary security, I take the liberty of troubling you with these few remarks thereon, in the hope that the publication thereof may in future be prohibited. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. LEX.
COM1UNiCATION BETWEEN SOUTHI IRmETUND AN WALES.-The establishment of steam communication between Ireland, ridi Waterford, and South Wales, through Milford Haven, wvill soon take place. Three steamboat companies are desirous of taking the contract. The delay las arisen, it seems, in consequence of the incomplete state of the works at the terminus at Heyland, no proper landingplace being as yet provided; but, as this is in active progress, the conimunication may shortly be expected to be opened, particularly as the tenders are satisfactory. Passengers from the metropolis will tben be able to land in Ireland after a short sea voyage of some six or seven hours, in lieu of 24, as from Bristol to Cork at resent. SOTHtAMPToN, Junie i.-The Vanderbilt steamship North Star, Captain Hunter, which arrived at this port from Bremen on Sunday night, sailed for New york to-day with about 100 passengers and a moderate amount of cargo. TheFranco-American screw steamerAlma,CaptainBaucaudd, having had the defects in her screw propeller repaired, also put to sea shortly after daybreak this morning for New York. The Alma had only proceeded a few miles below Cowes when the feed-pumps of her engines burst, and she was compelled to put back. Her agents, Messrs. Crosk-ey i and Co., of this p6rt, have niade such arrangements forthe speedy repair of the Alma, that it is expected she will be I again ready for sea in about a fortnight. The Fulton, CamI tain Wotton, with the French and English mails, is en- 1 pectod to arrive off Cowes, en 1ozUte from New York to Iavre, on.Friday next. RAMISGATE AuBoUn.-We gather from a report on the works of Bamsgate Harbour by Sir W. Cubitt, dated Jan. 7, 1S56, that 24,0001. remained to be expended from thest of January last, the original estimate having been 5,OOOL, of whuch 1S,1681. remains; leaving 5,5521. for 6o31 feet of the east pier, at St. per foot additional, and coatingencies at 10 per cent. The duration of the remaining works cannot be definitively estimcated,
THE MEBCANTILE LAW AMENDMENT BIIL. YesterdayapreEiminary meeting of merchants and bankers of the city of London (convened by circular on the previous evening) was held at the London Tavern, with the view to concert measures for eliciting the Opinion of the trading communitygenerally in reference to the Mercantile Law Amendment Bill, which has just passed the Lords, where it origiated, and been sentdown to the Commons. It is alleged by. the promoters of the meeting, who oppose the measure, thatthe bill seeks to effect an entire change in the eKxistinglaw of commercial contracts, by the abolition of the 17th section of the well-known Statute of Frauds, which they sayvirtuaUy forms the basis of that system of contracts, by requiring that they shall be in writing when the goods which are the subject of them are above a certain value. Baron Lionel do Rothschild wasto havepresided atthe meeting, but waspre vented attending by indisposition, and Ibr. Weguelin, Governor of the Bank of England, was called to the chair inhis stead. Amougthe gentleusen preseutwere Mr.T.Baring, M.P, Mtr. T. Hsnkey, IL?., Mtr. J. G. Hubbard, MIr. G. C. Chaman, MIr. ID. Meinertahagen, Mr. J. B. Heath, Mr. J. P. Gassiot; Mr. J. J. Travers, hMr. MalcolmDson,. and MIr. P. Grant. The CHATmAS said, the meeting had- been assembled at the instance of Baron Rothschild, who was prevented from attending by iUness, but who fully concurred in the objections entertained by the commercial commnunity generaUy in London, so far as those obections had been made known, against the measure which was now in progress through Parliament, and the object of the gentlemen present was to take measures to oppose the bill in question, one clause of which -projosed to repeal the 17th section of the 29th of Charles IL, commodnly called the Statute of Frauds, wvhich required contracts for the sale of goods above a certain amount to be in vwriting. The bil, in fact, did away with the protection which the mercantile community had hitherto enjoyed by not being bound by any contracts unless in writing between the parties, and signed by thsem, the object of the measure being to establish the validity of verbal contracts in lawv. The proposed alteration appeared to him, and to the gentlemen with whom he acted in this matter, of-so serious a nature that lhe was reonuested to prepare a petition to Parliament against the bilL With the assistance of *Mr. Freshfield, the eminent solicitor, he prepared -that petition, and it was immediately signed by almost every house of consequence in the city of London to whom it had been sent, and it w.as afterwards presented to the Hiouse of Lords by Lord Ovorstone. But, notwithIstanding that petition, and the evidence given before the committee of the Hlouse of Lords which sat on the bill, against the proposed alteration in the law, the Governmeat seemed determined to carry the measure through the Legislature ; audit therefore now behoved merchants and traders generally who wvere opposed to the change to take such steps as they might think best calculated to convince the Hfouse of Commons that the alteration in the law now contemplated would be exctremely prejudicial to their interests. 'Mhr. T. BRntex, lit?., said he was desirous it should be clearly understood that the meeting that day was not instended tohe considered as an expression of the feelings of the trading community of the city of London in referonce to the proposed change in the law, though that had, to a considerable extent, been -clearly manifested by the S00 signatures already appended to the petition opposing it by mnembers of the principal trading establishments. (Hear, hear.) The object of the meeting was really and practically to form a committee totaLe suebmeasures astheymuight think desirable to alter, improve, or reject the bill. H[e thought it would appear reasonable to everybody that where a contract was to be made there was no clearer way of making it than by reducing it to weriting. (Hear, hear.) That, at- all events, was the mode in wkich commercial contracts had been made in England from a period long anterior to living memory;- but now they found that the system of written contracts established by law was to be abolished by law, without any demand having been made for such a change by the commercial community generally. (Hear, bear.) Hlo believed the opinion, of the mnercantile commlunity ag,ainst such an innovation greatly preponderated;- but it ought, at all events, to be tested in what direction their opinions leaned, and time should be given tothemto express their feelings by petition or otherwise. (Hear, hear.) He concluded by moving:- " That the meeting view ed with alarm the progress of a bill in Parliament entitled The Mercantile LawA ^mendment Bkl, by -wh3ich it was proposed to repeal the English law requiring contracts for the sale of goods to be in wzriting; that the established principle that merchants were not to be hound by contracts until rediuced to wvriting w.as of the deceiest importance to the commercial-community, and it wfould be attended w ith risk of the most grievous fraud and perjury if contracts could he enforced in a court of law-without any written note; and they, therefore, invite the assistance of the mercantile commnunity throughout the country in opposition to this measure, which was new to the law of England, hadl not been called for by the commercial p,ublic, and threatened an entire subversion of the present course of business without any adequate advantage." - rJ. B.. hEATs, President of the Society of Merchants Trading to the Continent, one of the oldest commercial Iassociations in London, briefly seconded the motion, and stated in the course of his speech that the'society of which he wvas the head, at a meeting in which the question had been fullly discussed, unanimously condemuned the propDosed aulteration in the law, as pregnant with mischief and likely t;o create a great deal of fraud and litigation. Mr. 3. P. GANsetor also spoke in opposition tothe change, on tne ground that it would lead to no end of litigation, especially among country traders. The motion was put and carried unaimaously. Mr. 3. G. HnnnAnnBo said, the meeting seemed to be unanimous on -the subject under consideration, hut they should not be satisfied with eliciting an expression of feelin"r among themselves only. What they desired was, that the expression o f opinion should be co-extensive with the great iterests whiich were involved in this question. (Hiear.) It appeared to he a most anomalous thing that it should be necessary to appeal to the great mercantile interests of LJondon to arrest thg introduction of a measure bearing oin mercantile lawv, which w as proposed by the Government ostensibly for the benefit'-of the mercantile commumnity. (Hlear.) But so it was; and uponthe snore asstumption that it w as desirable that there should he a perfect uniform,ity of law in England and in Scotland, the Government had doteunined-to pass an act w>hich assimilated the English msrcantile law to that of Scotland, on a point in which they (the meeting) felt that they would be seriously injured by the assimilation. The grievances alleged as reasons for passing the measure were, after all, such as the parties aggrieved might easily have avoided by availing themselves of the very simple expedient of reducing to writing the contractsmito wvhich they had entered. The neglect of those parties in that respect had exposed them to losses and inconveniences, and they therefore wanted to involve the whole mercantRle operations of the country in the same amount of di9ficulty and litigation to which they themselves had been subject. (Heat; hear.) He must say that nothing 'appeared to him more unjustifiable than that attempt, and the more so because t.he whole mercantile evidence given before the conjiittee of the House of Lords was opposed to the course which the Government had pursued. If was quite truve that some legal opinions had been given in favour of the course proposed; but the whole of the large mercantile commanities of Lou> - > Liverpool had been distinct in their opposition u. i -. innovation. They wero told by the Goverunient,-& ak remedy to the complaints they made, that every merchiant had only to inform his broker that he would not be bpurui by unwrritten contracts; anld therefore the Government imapined that traders in this part of the kingdoma might contutue to make their contracts inawriting. But it would be obvious to every one that that was totally inapplicable to the trade of London. It was an operation which might succeed very well in Manchester or Glasgow, whnere the number ot merchants w.as comparatively few and well known to each'other. BatJ in the city of LJondon, where there were so many hundred merchants, where business was carried on not only in the countingbouse but on the Exchange, it was perfectly obvious that to do away with the necessity for written contracts would be perfectly nugyatory, -as a mode of protection; In a community where so many merchants and traders wvere necessarily unmknouvn to* each other, inasmuch as it w ould cause insecurity, both as to the fact of a cont ract, and as to the mode in which it was intended to be carried out. In many respects the Scotch law differed from that of E3ngland, hut did it follow because they would not adept our lawv that we were to adopt theirs!? (H[ear, hear.) It might just as well be said that because Scotchmen wore kilts and would not take to trousers, wve also should adopt the practice of wearing kilts, as to comnpel us to change our mlercanltile law for theirs, to which we had so reasonable and insuper.able a repugnance. ("Hear, hear," anld a laugh.) Hie concluded by movnug the appointment of a commaitteeato take steps for obtaining an ex;pression of opinion in- accordanc with the terms of the first resolution. MIr. HAsnxrE, ThP., suggested that though the opinion of the trading commnunity of London had been unequivocally expressed in reference to the bill, it was desirable that the opinion of the trading community in the country should be ascertained. After some conversation, in which Mr. Heath, Mr. Hubbard, Mr. Travers, MIr. MAalcolmuson, Mtr. K:eeling and Mr. Gassiot took part, the motion was unanimously agreed to and Baron Lionel De Rothschild, er. Weguelin, the Chairman, MIr.- T. Baring, lit., MIr. J. G. Hubbard, MIr. E. C. Chapman, MIr. D. Mleinertahagen, MEr. J. B. Heath, Mrr. J. P. Gassiot, Mir. 3. J1. Travers, 3Ir. MIalcolmeon, and MIr. EI Grant where appointed to act on the committee, w.ith poter to add to their numbers. The meeting then separated.
TiE CiT OF LONDON BuP.u FEEs.-Sir George Grey has made a proposal to the City Commissioners of Sewers to refer to the decision of Sir John Jatteson the, matter in dispute between the commissioners, acting as the burial board for the city, and the city clergy, as to the amount of fees to be paid to the clergy on interments at the newcemetery. At the meeting of the commissioners on Tuesday last a discussion took place on the subject, vvith closed doors, when an almost unanimous opinion was expressed against accepting th'e proposal, on the ground that they wo=ld be no parties in any way to taxing the citizens on interments taldng place to the amount required by the city clergy, as their services are neither required nor rendered. No formal vote on the subject was agreed to, but it was understood that another course of proceeding wonldbe adopted which would render tUe question one of less importance than it has hitherto been. A.RiivA. oF TBs Cou-rEss DE NE rY.-The Belgian steam-packet Diamond, Captain Huth, arrived yesterday afternoon with the Conmptesse de Neuilly, ex-Qaecn of the Erench, the Duk and Dnchess de Nemacurs, the Princess larguerite, General Compte de Chabaunes, and a numeroucsasite. T1he {oya P7rty were soonjoined at Dirmningham's Royal Ship Motel by the Dulke and Duchess d'Aumale and ffie Prince de JToinville, wrho appeared trulyhappy t see their venerable parent agaia in excellent health The weather was beautiflly fie, and tbe voyage froum Ostend was made in rather more tha four hours. BnISTOI, SUGAR-hrFET, Wednesday, June 11. -Very little business has been done since our last report, owing to the'ismall supply at market. The few saes of grocery made to-day have been at very elctreme natee,
1THE UMITED STATES AjYD ENGLAYD. TO TBYE EDITOR OP THE TDIES. Sir,-It may appear to some unseemly for an American who finds himself accidentally in England at this moment to make a statement or express opinions in reference to the unfortunate difficulties now existing between the twa countries. I would not intentionally be wanting in delicacr or courtesy, or prove myself ungrateful for the hospitality of the land which now accords me the protection of its laws. But British interests have plaim-spolcen organs is both New York and Boston-thet Albion and the AngloAxon. I, thei-fore, hops to be excused of impropriety, at least, when I assert that never has it been my fortune to meet with such a mass of mis-stated facts and unfair conclusions as have appeared in the English press upon the subject of the enlistment dispute. I say this more in sorror than in anger, for .1 have nothing to do with politics, and no disposition ,,to denv the wrong acts of my Government when they exist. I believe&that the people oE this country, deceived by the partial and distorted;Vrepre. sentations of newspapers, conscientiously believe that Her Majesty's Ministers ara not only in the right, bat that they have shown commendable forbearance in their resistance to unjust and pettifogging demands put forward to cover sinister motives-that they have acted like gentlemen, aan their adversaries like bullies. All I can say is, Audi ltcracn parean. Read for yourself the wh,ole controversy and formr your own opinion-do not tako it s6condhand from Lord Clarendon, the press, or any other source. If you have prejudged the case, see if there is not reason to change your views. In this way, and in this way only, can the action of the United Statee Government have any chance of beinig correctly appreciated. Ministers may suppress Plarliamentary discussion, until discussion willbe of no avail., What more natural than that they should do so! It is well known that President Pierce is not popular with many of his countrymen-that a mere electioneering trick would' soon be unmasked and denounced by that keensighted people. It will soon be, if it is not alibady, equally well knownathat the entire sentiment of his country, with its many hostile interests and opinions, sustains the course adopted by his Cabinet-I may say forced upon it-in this enlistment question. Had Lord Clarendon apologized for the violation of the Anmerican neutrality laws and pledged the British Government for their non-violation in fnture, the case would be a very different one from what it is. But what are the plaia facts divested of diplomatic obscurity? War brealks out between Great Britain, France, and Turkey on the one side, and Russia on the other. Mlr. Crampton, Her Majesty's Minister at Washington, malkes the usual official notification to the Government near which ho is acereslited. Mr. Marcy replies, and calls to his attention the stringency with which the United States intend to snake their neutrality respected. Mr. Cramrpton, therefore-and, it is to be presumed, hil Government-were not in the dark upon this subject. It is trne that Lord Clarendon subsequently insinuates that this nentralitywas not impartially exercised-that Russia deriveuE from the United States munitions, arms, aid of various kinds. The triumnphant reply to this is, that whatever Russia, obtained the allies obtained the same to a tenfold degree. And that, besides, it is a novel principle of international la-w that the neutrality of a nation is violated or impaired because its citizens or subiects have transactions with a belligerent, involving capture and condemnation. But, to follow the course of events. TheForeignRecrniting Bill passes Par. lisinent-the Government are warned by the Oppositioa oE the danger to which they expose themselves; they reply that, before attempting to obtain recruits from a foreign country, they will, as a necessary preliminary, obtain the consent of the Government of that country. Was aniy such consent asked of the United States ? WVas any such consent to be implied by anything that occured there? If so, where is it; to be found?! Was it to be expected after the original emphatic enunciation of the neutrality intended by America! WVas MIr. Craunpton ignorant of the terms and interpretation of the law? No, he consulted "eminent Amnericam counsel" upon the subject. Wlhenthese attempts at enlistment, or, to speak more accurately, of inducing individuials to leavethe country for the purpose of enlistment, were commenced in New York and the Government at Washingtonx at once interfered to prevent them, could Mr. Cramptonfiave stilbelieved in "implied consent?" When he showed Mr. Mary aletter he had isrittento the consul atl New York, repudiatingallconnexionw ith " Angus M'Dfonald," &c., was not ;rf. Marcy bound to believe that the British Government was foreign to attempts which were afterwards stigmatized by Lord Clarendon himself as the acts of unauthorized agents? It soon, however, came out that these proceedings were not only authorized by the British Government, but in pursuance of a regular system, the development of w-hich wes intrusted to Sir Gaspard Le Marchant and Mir. C;rnipton. The latter geontleman spoutthe mnonth of May in theprovinces. Immediately after his return to his post AIr. Marcy opens diplomnatic correspondence with the British Government npon this subject; and, forsootha, Msr. MWarcy is chargrd wth all this timne having4 acted unfairly and nucaudidly towards the innocent, simple-minded, straightforward Mr. Crampton! At the outset Lord Clarendon, attributing the acts to unauthorized agents, admits thoen to have been in violationr of the neutrality laws of the United States, construing those laws as they are constraed in America. Afterwards ho shifts ground, and boldly gives those laws such a coias.rac. t on as can never be for a moment admitted in the United States, and as would in any futare war reserve the right to Groet Britain of doing again what is now complained of. To this latter constrection he adheres. In his judgmeat, if the technical letter of the law can be so avoided as to shi la its violators from conviction in a coturt of justice, tima inited States have no groune for complaint. And it is by this construction, destroying as it does the spirit and essence. of a most important statute, that Mr. Craampton declaresstrong in the knowledge that he was a miere ageent-that he "-has not violated the Aniericaun lav-" When MIr. Marcy speals of the sovereignrights of the Union, Lord Clarendon can see nothing in those rights beyond 'the penal provisions of the m-anicipal law. Mr. Marcy is, besides, accusedof only dragging,in the sovereig.urights of the country as an afterthought-how truly can be seen by anyone. wha wiill refer to his first despatch upon the matter in controversy. Lord Clarendon, besid-s, complains that Mr. Marcy maies no particular and definite chargesagaist individuals. Is this the usual way of proceeding adopted byfriendly conntries ? Will a Government investigate no charges against its officials iuless presented in the form of the record of a court of justice ? How was it with the UnIited State' authorities in the matter of the bark M-aury ? Did they or did they not "do as they would be done by?" Did they not act as all G.overnments are accustomed to do upon complsints from friendly Powers? And did Lord Clarendon do anythling of the kind wvhen he required substantial evidence prior to investigation? Well, then, Lord Clarendon has apologized! Row has he apologized? In this wise-be expresses his regret if the A mer ican laws havec been violated, hut asserts that no such violation has takien place. This an apology! W ould this satify him if matters vere reversed! Is there any indemnity for the past or security for the fuature in this? Again, lMr. Crampton's complicity, it is asserted, is only, proven by the evidence of men unworthy of credit. I pass over the fact, which will hardly be denied, that, if these men are unworthy of being believed under oath, they were unworthy to bear Her Majesty's commission. And I cballenge a denial tiat Strobel did bear such a commission. Bet the proof does not rest upon the assertions, true or false, of these men. lr. Craanpton's connexion with them is proved by letters in his own handwriting, produced before a courb of justice-by other written testimony emanating from sources bevond suspicion. (See Mr- Marcy's concludin despatch, in which he requests his withdrawaL) In this matter wehave evidence from the very fountain head. Lordt Clarendon wsrites to 'Mr. Crainpton that he approves wvhat be has done in reference to procuring volunteers for the Foreign Legion from the United States. Let me ask whlat Mr. Cranpton, Her Britannic Majesty's Mlinister at Waslhington, couald do in this businless wvithout violating the sovereigTnty and laws of the country to w hich he was arc-edited 2 The whole case might rest upon this single point,, I care not howv ingenious the instructions may have beers to avoid incurring the penalties of a violation of the lawv- instructions prepared in the interest of the object to be promoted, and not out of a spirit of respect for the neutrality of a great and friendly people. W'here was the attorney's work and pettifogging here? But it is said that all recruiting in North America wag discontinued the moment it was found to be distateful to the United States Government. Thisis not true. AMany months elaprsed after the first proceedings were commencedl at New York, and after the subject had occupied the columns of the Arnerican press almost tothe exclusion of other topics, before orders are alleged to have been sent int June to discontinue enlistments. .or were they then dis_ continued. In August the movement had not ceased. A point is made that the despatch communicating the fact that these orders had been ient was so satisfactory to Mr,. Buchanan that he tbought the question settleduitil obstinately revived by Mr. Marcy. 'When Mlr. Buchanan expressed that satisfaction, he neither knei Mr. Cramptoris' complicity nor the extraordinary const,ruction put upon America law by the British Cabinet; otherwise he coulld not and wvould net have been satisfiedL liesays so himself. I have moet unwantably trespass4 uPpon Your patience.. In conclusion, I will ask you-if fair play, truth, and justica are English attributes-would not x.: Buchanan, had he attempted here what Mr. Cramptou did on the other side oE the Atlantic, have been seat hore with very little ceremony? One word about tho Central 2ric treaty. The publias would be glad to hear -what Sir Renry Bulwer, who negotiated that intrunment, has to, say. Americams would he prticlarly pleased to receive the testimonly of this able diplomatist as to the construction put upon it at the time it wa3s signed Why has he been removed to such a distance! Why, after declining the gonernorship of Victoria, has ha been sent to the Principalitis t Can it have been to get hibu out of the way In conclusion, I vould huambly beg the people of Grcet Britain to recollect, at this solemn moment of international differences, bow monstrous the rebellion of the colcoies against the mother country was considered at the tim2s mdc how universally its justice is acquiesced in now; torecellecb that the United States went to war with Great BLitain, inx 1812, in order to resiA the exercise of a claimed tight. nouadmitted to be an unequivocal wrong; and, by *the light of this experieuce, to ask themselves if it is not barely possible that they may be esoe more mistdken in rega'dato the merint of certain questions which Heaven grant A&y not this timc lpvA tnn I am, Sit your very obedient servaAA AiXEI1IUS. Qdous dune, U-
LONYD O, THUTISDfY, Y.2rtUj 12, 385. Tii the Hiiouse o- Comnuomn yesterda.y, at tr.c 'imne of private bussess, a delbate of unususal lei-th z:oe eupon the Nawab of Surat Troatv hil,l, purForting to be a pr.ivate bill, wh-tich cauIe )befole the I-I mse upon the conlsidlera.tion of the report of the eulnittee' *?r. V. SMIrTEi, prermisinLg that tlio report e-l krezsly declared that tile coflulutt*ee had considered themselves p:ecluded from giving any opinion upon questions of a constitutional and political character connected with the case, and that the evidence was not before the House, moved to defer the consideration of tle report until wednaesday next. Sir F. KELY resisted delay, nnd! iroved, by way of amendment, that the bill be read a third time. He entered very fully into the merita of the case, whichwasaclaimby MfERJAEAFER ATIIKHAN to an annuity of 150,000 rupee3, granted under a treaty with the Indian Government to the then Nawab of SURAT and his heirs, the easential point in the question being, whether the grant was made to the heirs natural of the NAtwxAB or to his heirs being successors in the Nawabship. .Sir J. HEOGO, in opposition to the claim, discussed his view of its merits at great length. tlIltinmately, the amendment was withdrawn, and Mr. S.'ITH'.S proposition was agreed to, on the understanding that the question of the third reading of the bill should he decided on Wednesday next. Mfr. BRADY, in moving the second reading of the Spirit Trade (Ireland) Bill, stated its object-to regulate the sale of spirituous liquors, and the alterations he proposed to make in the bill in committee, limiting its operation to the police districts of Dublin. Mr. J. D. FiTzGFRALD suggested various objections to the bill, and recommended its withdrawal. After some further discussion the bill was withdrawn. The Aldershott Camp Bill ane the Oxford University Bill passed through committee. The other business having been disposed of the House adjourned at 6 o'clocL.
We learn by the last advices from the United States that the dispute between them and the English Government is rapidly passing into a stage which -will necessitate a speedy decision on the whole question. We are no longer permitted to doubt that the Government of General PiEiucz considers itself compeled by the exigency of its present position to inflict upon the MIinistry of Lord PALmERsTocr, and through them upon the British nation, some act of direct defiance and hostility which may at once vindicate to its supporters its character for spirit and resolution, and enlist on its side in the coming elections aU those unsettled and revolutionary elements which exert so powerful and so injurious an influence over the turbulent councils of the American democracy. There is, unfortunately, no longor any doubt that hfr. CRAMI PTOx is to be dismissed, and, though the exact intelligence of his dismissal has not yet reached Ius, we may certainly expect to receive information to that effect by the very next arrival. At the same time that our M$inister is to be dismissed the exequatur will be withdrawn from the three Consuls whom the American Government considers as guilty of a violation of its municipal law or sovereign rights, or of both. Of the correctness of this intelligence we cannot, -.nfortunately, pretend to express any manner of doubt. The circumstances, however, with which this decision is attended are weU worthy of the most careful consideration. If we are rightly informed, the American Government accompanies the intimation of its intention to dismiss our Mfinister and our Consuls with the most profuse assurances of goodwill and respect towards this country-assurances the sincerity of which would be indubitable were they niot attended by acts which harmonize so ill with protestations of respect and amity. The voice is certainly the voice of JA OB, but the hands are still the hands of EsAt. It has become necessary to the American PREsIDF.NT and his Cabinet to make against Great Britain a demonstration of a decided character. and that demonstration must be made at whatever cost ancd at whatever sacrifice. At the same time, the notification of their intention to dismiss the Minister and Consuls is accompanied by conciliatory advances which realy seem intended as far as possible to mitigate the effect of the offence they are determined to give. The expulsion of MIr. CRA?Ton;- is no longer, we believe, justified exclusively on the evidence of the discredited witnezses, but this is confirmed, as it is contended, by that of other witnesses, who serve to prop up the sinking credit of the original informers; and certain statements of Mr. O;A-To?N, Mr. CRrrTmEDES, and other members of the Senate, distinctly charging Mr. CnAsrrox w%ith falsehood in thae version given- by him to Lord CLARENDON of conversations which had passed between him and those gentlemen, are also relied on. But this is not all. M-. DALLAS, the present American Minister here, is, we are assured, armed -with the fuUest oowers to negotiate and finally settle the disputes connected with the CentralAmerican question; and, if unable to come to an agreement, the two contracting parties are empowered, without further reference to Amaerica, to refer the question to the arbitration of some impartial third person, to be selected by mutual concurrence. These are, no doubt, great concessions, and serve, we think, to show that, however desirous the American Government may be, for their own purposes, of inflicting upon u1s some signal mark of their displeasure, they do not wish to push the point to such an extremity as would force upon us an appeal to the sword. They only claimn the right to dismiss our Mlinister and Consuls, and are willing to offer us any equivalent in their power for so unfriendly a proceeding. in order that we may abstain from dismissing Mr. DALLAS, they invest him vwith vast powers of negotiation and compromise, such as we can hardly expect to obtain from any succeeding MKinister. As Lord CLnAzDo.N wrote to the Anerican Goyernment in the most courteous terms, but refused the concessions which it demanded, so the American *7overnment writes to Lord CLARE.NDOX in term.s equally courteous, but equally firm on the main point of disagreement. Vhat, then, is to be our course in a situation so difficult and so novel'? Shall we retain Mr. DALLAs, because the dismissal of Mr. CitrL-Nrox has been accompanied by much conciliatory laiguage, and some real and important concessions ? We apprehend this question will be best answered by another. Has TMr. Cr.Aiurox been guilty of suclh misconduct as authorizes the American Government in dismissing him summarily and at once from his position as Minister at WVashington ? The English Goverrunent must fairly decide for themselves upon the guilt or innocence of their accredited servant. In such a decision they a-re liable to be misled by two very different sets of considerations. The pride of consistency, the natural wish to maintain a position once taken up, and the praiseworthy desire to protect the agent whow. they have trusted, all point one way; while the love of peace and the anxiety to .avail themselves of the proffered settlement of the Central American question tend vith equal force in a contrary direction. AU the advice we can offer is, to weigh the matter fairly and dispassionately, without fear or favour-to decide justly and to act resolutely. If Mr. CRAMrProx be entirely innocent-it' the charges preferred against him by the American Government be untrue-if in the judgmnent of his official superiors he still be worthy of their confidence, no consideration whatever should induce them to submit to the insult offered them in his person, and to retain at the Court of ISER MA.ESTY the representative of a country which has so far forgotten what is due to the dignity of her representative. If, on the other hand, the American Government shall succeed in proving, either that Mr. CnAPTrox has misrepresented the weight of the evidence a,gainst him, or has been giiilty of the prevarication charged upon him by -Mr. CLAYToN and MIr. CRITTfN-DM-, we trust that no false pride, no unwillingness to admit the possibility of his having been in the wrong, will prevent us from acquiescing in an expulsion which he will then have most richly deserved, though it may have been inflicted for very different purposes than the vindication of national honour. We'are strong, and it is the privilege of strength that it need stoop to no injustice and no meanness -that it need fear no misconstruction from yielding to, reasonable complaints, and shnn no consequences from resisting unreasonable aggression.
Sir E. PnRRY has embarked in a chivalrous and not less hazardous cause. He proposes to introduce the principle of limited liability into the matrimonial partnership. No doubt that partnership, in its pecuniary bearings, is already extensively limited by the Equity Courts, and can be reduced within very safe limits by covenants for the purpose-where there is sufficient property and vigilant friends. But the common law leaves the woman at the mercy of her husband. It pronounces the obligations imposed by nature and religion, but leaves the husband the depository, the interpreter, and executor of the trust. So it is very true that the great bulk of British wives are left in a state of dependence much more ag.reeable to the most primitive nature than a highly civilized and commercial society. When HItwAThA carried away AIINNEHAHA from the arrowhead-maker's wigwam some hundred miles to his own, she was not more dependent on his Lindness, generosity, and prudence than the wife of any ordinary man in this country. Not to speak of other things than money, and infinitely more important, the husband may strip his wife of all that comes into her hands, whether by fortune or by her own industry. She iiiay work and lay by for herself and her children,; she may be assisted by kind friends; she may do this in desertion and misery; but the husband may at any mnoment present himself, demand all that she has, and make away w.ith it in the most profligate manner. Indeed, there is no extremity of injustice which a husband may not do with the sanction of law, and which is not done every day. That is Sir E. Panity's case, and it is one which has excited the pity and indignation of thousands before him. It must indeed be a strong one, for we are assured by the ATTOR V-GM-mERi that he and the LoRD CaA.CELLOR think the time has come that something should be done. " The best attention of the legal authorities," he adds, " will be "given to the subject during the recess," and it is even hoped that next session will see the introduction of a satisfactory measure. Mlore than this, the long desired reformation of our law and the removal of its anomalies may be now expected out of the redress of the wife's wrongs. "The rigid and stubborn maxims of the common "law are to be made more consistent with equity"that is, witb reason, justice, and common sense and woman, it appears, is to inaugurate the new era. But before these grand intentions are indulged in to any serious extent, and before the legal authorities have spoilt their holydays for this object, we wguld just beg to state the other side of the question. We believe the existing practice to be the result of no legal corruption or Parliamentary neglect; no mere ossification of the common law or triumph of teclnicality. We will not even claim for it the dubious honoiur of Teutonic formalism. Its origin is commoner, and older, and deeper, and more universal, even than nature itself, to which the ATroR-EY-GN-ERAL very properly appeals. Indeed, there is no avoiding it, the woman, with all her fervid impulses, her lofty dreams, and her intense devotion, is still the weeaker vessel. We must beware how we give her a weapon which she cannot wield, and annour past her proof. Her sphere is nature, not law. She has usually very little power of protecting herself against her husband, and her best resource under all circumstances, except the most hopeless, is to win his love. That is the common sense and conmon feeling of the matter, as one may see everywhere, from the palace to the cottage, from the home of peace to the miserable but affecting disclosures of the Police-court. But right is antagonistic to love, and when the wife has once to consult a lawyer, or even a friend, against a husband there is small hope of better days. Commonly, and in that word we would include the vast majority of cases, where there is positive dispute and even flagrant wrong it is far more important and hopeful to reclaim the husband than to rescue any little property or small savilgs from his grasp. There must indeed be few wives who would not give up everythingtowinbacklost love. Thattheproposed change is not wanted for ordinary cases appears from the predominance of extraordinary and desperate ones in the argument for it. We have the case of a man living in adultery, and robbing his wife of her hard earnings to carry them off to his paramour. No doubt many men in this metropolis are maintained by their wives in idleness, if not worse; no doubt there are many atrocities, even such as are here supposed; but in nearly all such instances law would afford but little protection. The husband comes in distress, or, still worse, in anger, and demands money. It is then all a conflict of feeling,-a debate in which love, hate, jealousy, terror, prudence, and may be force, alternately prevail. It would be so generally under any state of the law. There may, indeed, be such cases as were instanced the other night-viz., that of husbands returning home, after a long absence, to carry off at one swoop a wife's accumulations. In such a case the estrangemenit wiiU probably be complete, and the wvife wil prefer her property to her husband. But we wil venture to say that the greater part of our readers never met with such a case in their own experience. What they do now and then meet with is the idle, improvident, or speculative husband who is alwvays stinting or even starving his wife, always getting what he can out of her, sometimes by violent means, but more generally by what is called " having his own way." It is a question whether a woman should be encouraged to resistance by the possession of legal rights when she reaUy has not the strength to assert them. Sir E. PERRY, indeed, produces his, 70 petitions, "one of them signed by no les than 3,000 women, " including among them the names of many ladies "eminent in literature, and of others who, from "their peculiar experience, are well qualified to "form a correct opinion on the subject ;"-an imposing phalanx, no doubt, and many of them strong-minded enough. But there is no point on which women are so apt to be mistaken as their capacity for strenuous, systematic, and long sustained action out of their natural sphere. Great as their spirit is, they have not the physical strength for it. Excitement, which makes a hero out of a dolt and seldom comes amiss to a healthy man, almost invariably wears asway a wvoman. Lady MAcBETH was the heroine at first, and 7ie the instrument of her ambition. But he died game when she had perished a victim to anxiety and remorse. There are, doubtless, many women who, if they takle proper advice, can manage their affairs with prudence; and, being naturally more thrifty and less liable to expensive tastes than men, will nurse properties better even than many gentlemen of ability and good sense. But that is not the kind of instancewehave to supposeforthispurpose. We have to imagine a woman liable to continual pressure; always working herself up to refuse what she was born to yield; compelled to deny and contradict herself; put up to play a part professedly above but really below her true nature ; worn, agitated, distracted, and surprised. If this seems to suppose a more exc*iable frame than a lawyer looks for in an average female client, we can only express ouir opinion that for the purposes of legislation it is better to take women as nature made them than as paid lawyers or satirical writers may portray them. Women wiU be found women after all, and they are not made to do continual battle for rights against appeals to their pity, their love, or their fear. It must be considered that any change in the law will affect not only the unfortiuate cases for which it is required, but, what is more important, the fixed relation of all wives to all husbands. Nature inculcates the utmost possible identity of interests and community of will between a married couple, the husband being lord and master,-or, as it isexpressed in Scripture, being " the head of the wife." A law establishing and defining the pecuniary rights of the wife would tend to break up this natural imity and subordination. If anything is wanted, it is Nwhat the SoLicTroa-G_naARL suggests,-that Parliament should do something to makle the husband perform his common-law obligation to maintain his wife according to his means. Indeed, were Parliament ever so .desirous to do more than this,-which in an assembly of men is not very likely,-there would be the greatest difficulty as to the means. In a very simple state of society, with very fixed castoms and an exact division of employments and duties between the two sexes, it may be possible, and, we believe, is sometimes the custom, to discriminato between the wife's property and the husband's, and to allow the former to save a purse* of her own. There is something of the kind in Denmark and Sweden. But in our state of society, besides what is settled and in the hands of trustees, it is difficult to imagine a husband or a wife acquiring, with regard to one another, more or less legal interest in this estate, or this fund, or this article, than in the rest. As a matter of sentiment such and such personal items will usually,be the wife's and the husband will not want them, inless to convert them into money. But, always in one another's society,with either warm affection or long familiarity, with duties, and plans, and hopes all in common, ideas of exclusive ownerslip will be either a matter of sentiment or a trial to love. Again, w%hat is to prevent the wife surrendering her interest at the first pressure, as we have suggested above ? UInless the lawv should be so framed as to put this out of her power, and transfer to stronger hands even her own earnings, it will be the better for her not to be flattered with the idea of an independence which she cannot maintain. At all events,we hope that Parliament will remember that nature is old and laws are new. Unless the I latter are laid on the strong foundation of nature, they will fall to pieces like a cumbrous pile of architecture on shifting sand or yielding clay. The more elaborate they are the worse will they stand, till they only encumber and hide that which they are meant to complete and adorn.
The University of Cambridge has to submit, by old rule and custom, to Oxford precedence. It is Oxford and Cambridge-not Cambridge and Oxford. This is a matter of very little consequence ordinarily. It is true that at deputations to congratulate HEiL M4JEss- on the birth of a yoiung Prince or on the re-establishment of peace the Cambridge deputation is kept waiting sometimes longer than the Oxford one, and that the Oxford procession, coming downstairs with the dignified calm of satisfied curiosity, and the consciousness of having just left the Royal presence, meets the Cambridge one going up with all the ruffle of espectancy upon it, and exhibiting in countenance and demeanour the eagerness and solicitude of the ordinary siggltseer. This is a little trying to the dignity of a great University, because Vice-Chancellors and Heads of Houses ought never to look as if they cared about anything whatever, but always to exhibit an imperturbable gravity, as men who live in sublime regions of their own. On such occasions, however, as these a crowd of irreverent junior Oxford M.asters is able to amuse itself internally at the expense of these great dignitaries of the sister University, who for once in their lives betray the feelings of common mortals and the anxieties of the vulgar. But these little occasions pass away and are forgotten, and the precedence of the elder University is ordinarily little more than a nominal honoiur. Just now, however, it must be confessed that this second place is rather a disadvantage to the University of Cambridge. We refer to the debates on the Cambridge University Bill. The principal characteristic of the debate the other evening was that it was an exact repetition of the debate on the Oxford University Bill two years ago. There were the old arguments and the old replies about founders' wills, local restrictions, school restrictions, and colleges founded to pray for the founders' souls, which Mr. Bouvxr.rs thinks neither a useful nor legitimate object at the present day, while MIr. WVIA,oLE thinks that founders' intentions ought, m7zteatis mttacndis, to be observed and respected. It was like the ghost of a debate, carried on by such feeble and bloodless disputants as one can imagine arguing in the nether shades of classical poetry, where spectral forms walked in groves, or sat in circles talking, and an exhalation replied to an evaporation, and a mist retorted upon a smoke. MIr. WAPOLE was a respectable argumentative spectre, and said the proper things witlh as- much solemnity as if he had been paid for it; but he evidently thought very mnuch as ACuEs cl did on a like occasion, that there was not much use in shades talking, and that there was very little to be done in that second stage of existence. It must be confessed that natiure is against repetitions. There is unfortunately a law of our mental constitution by which it does not do to have the same thing twice over. You find that somehow or other the first occasion has got all the spirit out of the subject, and left you but the husk and shell for the second. In light and serious things it is just the same. Try the very best picnic two weeks running, and the second will be a failure. Try the same pantonmie twice over, and you wiU find the second hang on hand. Persons are sometimes tempted, when a particular occasion passes off very successfully, to say, " Oh ! we must have this again." There seems a positive call to repeat it, and a waste of so much of nature's resources of happiness if you do not. Biut, try the experiment; collect exactly the same persons together in the same place, and you will find that there is something whlich cannot be recalled. The first occasion monopolized the freshness and the life. So, if a deaf person asks you to repeat the joke which has just convulsed the table, you give it him as correctly as you can; but, oh the difference ! The soul has escaped out of it, for no other reason in the world except that the joke has been said once, and won't allow itself to be said again. Its success was the act of the instant, the result of a certain momentary combination of a first and fresh conception in the mind of the utterer, with a prepared altitude of miud in the listeners just fitting into it. You can no more repeat that combination at will than you can raise the dead, or send the sun back againi in its course. It is the same in serious things. You cannot get up the steam again, whether you have to laugh or whether you have to cry,-whether you haTe to he merry, or whether you have to be downcast. Two years ago there 'was a great deal of animating talk about ancient institutions, founders' wslls, old academical traditions, old academical connexions, and the like. The whole subject was gone over, and there was a great deal. of real disguBt and .eal grief and real indignation felt at Parliamentary inter-ference with the University of Oxford, and the violation of foundere' wills, and the change and disturbance of time-honoured routine, which was involved in the Oxford University Bill. Now, two years afterwards, the same subject comes round again, and we have again the argument about founders' wills and the respect due to them. But the feeling of two years ago cannot be revived. It had its vent, and it has passed. You cannot recall it. The strongest academical anti-reformer cannot grieve and cannot be angry exactly when he likes. He must submit to the laws of nature. You cannot repeat the grief and indignation of two years ago. You cannot get up the spirit of a past demonstration about institutions which are invaded and old-established principles which are set aside. Hence the tameness of the debates on the University of Cambridge Bill. Cambridge is the victim of precedence; her elder rival, having sucek-ed all the juice out of the orange, hands her the dry rind, and, having had the compliment of a stirring debate about herself, leaves her a bloodless nnd soulless Parliamentary husk. We only. hear the faint echoes of the sounds of two years ago, coning to us, as it were, in our sleep; the old words come back to us,-founders' wills, institutions, universities, colleges, halls, local restrictions, school restrictions; but they come to us dreamily, and strike feebly on our ears, as the words of some dull preacher do on the ears of some somnolent auditor, who is just awake enough to hear how very often the same words ancd the same arguments recur in the preacher's sermon ; he is hardly awake enough to l;now v'hat they are; he only know, that, whatever they are, they are exactly the same that he heard several minutes ago. Cambridge is the victim of precedence. And, were it a case of actual demolition, instead of, as it is, reform, it would be much the same. The laws of nature are inexorable, and the University that comes second, while it would have the benefit of a slightly longer existence than its elder rival, would miss the freshness and life of the grief and indignation of sympathetic spirits over its demise. Oxford would have all the force and power of the mourners' first impressions on its side, not the least because it was at all better than its rival. buit simply because it went first. And Cambridge would come in for the fag end of sorrow and the echo of the last or preceding yearfs distressed sympatny. But we trust that the time is infinitely distant when the junior University will experience this disadvantage of the precedence of her sister.
The Administrative Reform Asseciation has hitherto proved a failure. We are the less chary of enunciating thi conclusion inasmuch as MNr. RoEBUcK, who is to be the guide and director of this Association when reconstituted upon a new basis, emphatically announces the fact. Whatever the reason may have been-whether it was deficiency of organization, deficiency of weight and character among its chief promoters, or whether the failure of this society should be attributed to the peculiar circumstances of the time-it is quite clear that the Administrative Reform Association failed. The only reason to which the failure cannot in fairness be referred is the badness of the cause. NWhy should such an agitation have fallen flat upon the public ear, when so many other agitations which had not anything half so reasonable in view have been, at least for the time, triumphant ? Mr. RozBuci tells us that the want of adequate success was brought about mainly by two causes. In the first place, the Administrative Reformers did not belong to the governing classes; and, in the second, they had resolved to do their work out of doors, rather than within the walls of thelEouse of Commons. Thelatter,weapprehend, is the true explanation, for the common sense of the people told them that there was as yet no reason why the House of Commons should be superseded in its legislative functions. It was perfectly true-and we fear is perfectly trae still -that gross jobbery, nepotism, and favouritism exist in the distribution of public appointments.. take, for example, the ease of the leadinc officers in the Crimea,-but still the House of Commons has not obstinately and continuously refused to do justice in this matter. It is a lesser evil that Adrninistrative Reform should be deferred for a time than that the country should be accustomed, with or without a momenfs notice, to force the hands of its representatives. Mr. ROEBUCK having thus enunciated the cause of failure, points out what he considers the appropriate remedy. " Our course," he says, " is not to set ourselves up as rivals of the "H House of Commons, but to adopt a niode of pro" ceeding that shal give us power in it." WEith this end in view he proposes to the Association the constitution of an executive body. The chief purpose of the labours of these officers is to form an efficient Parliamentary party by influencing the constituencies, by correspohding with representatives, by gathering informnation) 1r. ROsBUCI'S address we print in another portion of our columns this day, and to this document we must refer our readers for more ample details of his scheme.; We are not very sanguine about the success of this new Association, for the objects it has in view do not appeal directly enough or forcibly enough to the synmpathies of the great masses of the people. Roman Catholic Emancipation in Ireland and the big loaf in England were very effective and very intelligent battlo cries. But what is it that the Administrative Reformers seekl If their efforts are directed against no greater grievance than the abuse of patronage in the public offices and in the lower posts of administration, they can scarcely hope to attract any considerable amount of public support. Nhey will receive sympathy enough, but not sympathy of that active and efficient kind which prompts men on to Vigorous contest. If, on the other hand, they boldly attack the close constitution of the executive Government -for, whethertiberals or Conservatives be in, the Cabinet is a close borough-they will, we fear, be met by the objection that they are acting upon personal grounds. It would be a matter of incalculable benefit to the nation that the interest of half-a-dozen leading families could be kept under reasonable control. It requires not only to. be an Englishlman, but an English politician well v-ersed in the secrets of Govermnent, to Know that, save at extraordinary times, this country is ruled by half-a-dozen great families, but such is the fact. If Mr. ROEBUCK can make head against this monopoly by any system of tactics he can devise we very sincerely wish him success; but we doubt the probability of it. Above all things, let the Administrative Reformers be army reformers, if they -Woiild win any efficient support from popular opinion at the present moment. TEE iNmxDATioS . - rr FA<NC.-In compliance with a very generaUy expressed desire, the Lord Mlayor invites the attendance of the noblemen. gentlemen, merchants, bankers, and-traders of this metropolis at a public meeting to be held at the Egyptian Hall, Mansion-house, on Friday, June 73, at 1 o'clock precisely, for the purpose of expressing the sympathy of the people of this country with the sufferers by the late inundations in France, and of aiding the subscriptions now being raised in Paris for their relief.
COURT CIROy.LAB. HEer Royal Highness the Duchess of ]3eni, with T:dy,ArsmaMaria Dawson, Baroness de Speth, and Lord James Mnury, dined with the Queen yeserday. The Dachess of Sutherlanc; the Duke of Wel]ington,-theT Marquis of Breadalbane, the Marquis of' Abercorn, and Earl Spencer arrved. yesterday on a visit, and haa ae" honour of joining the Royal dinner circle at the Castle. This rorning Her Majesiy WaLlked in the Rlome Park with his Royal Highness the Prince Consort andl Prince Frederic'k W illam of.2rugaea Her Royal Highness the D5uches eDf IKent arrived in the forenoon from Frogmore to pay a v%Isit to the Queen. The Regent of B -aes arrivedl to-day from a tour in Scotland. His Royal Highness quitted Glasgow soon after 8 o'clock last eveninz, travelled by route of Carlise Lau caster, Crewe, andRugby to London;proceaded romtht Euston-squaro to the Paddington terminus, andl arrived at the Castle at half-past 12 o'clocl, attendedbyColonel Baron Seatter, Baron de Gemningen, the Hon. Mortimer Sackvile West, and Dr. Ullmmn. Prince Alfred joined Her Majesty and the Royal family in the morning, and returned to the Royal lodge in tho afternoon. Their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Camabridge aud, the Princess Marv (attended b L%dy Geraldine Somaerset and Major Home Purves), and is iRoyalHighness the Duke - of Cambridge, attended by his Equerry in Waiting, arrived this afternoon on a visit. The French ambassador and the Countess do Persigny, -- the Dake of Buccleuoh, the Prussian3 inister and Countess Bernstorfr, Viscount Palmuerston, the Earl and Countess of Clarendon, the Earl of Eglintoun, the Earl and Countess of Bessborough, and Lord George Lennox, also arrived at the Castle. The Royal party went out at 5 o'clock this afternoon inr pony carriages and on horsebacL The Queen, the Princess Royal, tho Princess Alice, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia were in an open pony carriage-and-four. The Duchess of Sutherland, Lady Macdonald, snd the Hon. Mary Bulteel followed in another pony carriage. The Mar. is of Breadalbane, Earl Spencer, Major-General Berkeley mmond, Captain de Heinz, and some of the gentlemen in the scite of Prince Frederick Willian occupied the char-d-banc. His Royal Highness Prince Albert was on horseback. accompanied by the Prince of Wales and the Prince Regent of Baden. The Marquis of Ahercorn, the Hon. Mortimer Sackvillo West, Lord Charles Fitzroy, Captain the Hon. D. de Rog, and other gentlemen of the party rere also on horseback. The Qnaeen gave a dinngr to a large party tJIievnn inSt. George's Hall The distinguishedguests comprisedtheir Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Princess Royal.7 the Dachess of Cambridge, and the Princess Mary; th Regent of Baden, Prince Frederick William of Prussia and the Dake of Cambridge; the Duchess of Sutherlaud, the French Ambassador and Countess de Persigny, the Duke of Buctleuch, the Duke and Duchess of Montrose, the Duchcss, of Roxhurghe, the Duke of Wellineton, the Prassian Minister and Countess Bernstorff, the Marquis of Brzadal. bane, the Marquis of Aberoorn, Earl Spencer, Lady A. X, Dawson, Lady Geraldine Somerset, Lady Caroline and Mis3 Barrington, Baroness de Speth, the Earl of Eglintoun, Earl and Countess of Clarendoxs, Earl and Countess of Bess. borough, Viscount Palmerston, Lord George Lennox, Lord James Murray. Viscount Valletort, Lord and Lady Ernest Bruce. Lady Howard de Walden and two Hon. lisses Ellis, Lady Susan Kerr, Lady Charlotte Denison, Colonel Hon. C. B. and Mrs. Phippss, Major-General C. and ms. Grey,, General and Mrs. Knollys, Sir James Clark, Mr. Norman Macdonald; Colonel Parker, Commanding Offlcer lst Life Guards; ColonelThornton, Commanding Oficer2d.sttalit u Grenadier Guards; Hon. Mortiner Sackville West, the Equerry to the Duchess of Cambridge, the Equerry to the Duke of Cambridge, Mr. Gibbs, Lieutenant-Gencral Baron Schreokenstesn, Baron Moltke, Colonel Baron Seutter, Baron de Gemmingen. Captain de Heinz, Lieutenant de Schreckenstein, Dr. Ullman, and Dr. Wegner. The Band of the Grenadier Guards attended, and during dinner performed the following compositions -- PolonL.se, "Stue6nsoe" . M eyereer. Overture, "Santa Chlra" . L r. 1L. the Date Same Cobarz. Finale dea ersten acts, "Die Sieinallne.h Vespee .. Ver* . 'Walr "D tn ImOrtlein" . (Guncl. Cojaceyt rar.iatonu fr das Plugelhnrn Stebiger. Liederpob pDorzi, DieDe^utselieblic Her Majesty had afterwards an eveniDg party. The fo.- lowing had the honour of receiving invitations:-Earl ot Euston, Lord Alfred Churchill, Viscount and Vscountess Holmesdale, .Uiss Amherst, Lord and Lady Southampton, Lord Maraus and Miss Hill, Lady Elizabeth and Miss de Pos, Lady K L Egerton, Lady John Beresford, Lady andl Mhiss McGrigor, Colonel the Hon. N. and Lady MaryHood, Colonel and Lady Emily Seymour, Colonel Hon. Charles and Mrs. Scott, Colonel and tho Hon. Mrs. Smyth, Miss Smyth, Hon. G. Heathcooea, Sir Henry and Lady Meux, Sir Charles A. Fitzroy, Mr. Cavendish Fitzroy, Admiral and Miss Meynell. Major General Hall, Major-General Dixon, Colonel Tyrwhit Lieutenant-Colonel Haygarth (Scots Fnsileer Guards) Captain, Mrs., and Miss Sayer, Captaiu Gordon. Captain Fletcher, Captain Markham, lies Knollys, Miss Marvia Codrington, Mtiam Emma Codriasgtaa, the Misses Pennant, Mr., MIrs., and Miss Clive, Mr., hlrs., and Mliss Robarts, Mlr. J. Stanhsope, Mr. Hiorace Eochfort, Mr. Arthur Walsh, Mr. c!.LoiBnley, and Mr. Broadbhst The American Mlinister had an interview lwith the Earl ef Clarendon yesterday at the Foreign-office. A doputation fzom the London Water Companies had an interview, yesterday, with the Eight Hon. W. Cowper, iLP., at tho offiice of the General Board of Health, WEitehalL Thie deputation was accompanied, and introduced, by Sir William Clay, MP., Mr. Mills, U.P., MIr. Tite, M.P., and Major Boilean, and consisted of Mr. Baxcter, of the New River Company. Mr. Blunt, of the Grand Junction and Southwark and Vaxushal Water Company; Mr. Bailey, of the West MIiddlesex Water Company; Ddr. Bircham, oE the East London Water Company.
FOREIGN IIYTELEIGENCE. F1ANCE. (A portion of the following appeared in ourz seod .dfon of Yesterday :-1 (MsoI OMP OWN coxMIfDMMr.) PA!IIf, TUESDAY JFan 10, 6 P.a From the be$t information that can De got here, the state of our ouarrel withj the United 2tatea Government is as bad as ever. That Government continues inexorable in dismisming 3fr. Crampton; though, as I am credibly in5omed, it declares itself satisfied with the explanations of Lord Clarendon. Nothing, we are told, can be more frank and more honourable than the declarations of the English Cabilet in this affair, s2 far aa they go: but it is alleged that, as M1r. Crampton bas been charged, on the testimony of " American citizens," with havinaviolated the laws of the Union by elistino men for the English army,the Government of Washngton -vill not, and dare not, disregard the testimony. and the expulsion of the English Envoy is an indispensable condition to an arrangement on that point. The American Government affirm that they have no cause of complaint against the British Government, much less against the British people. Theirhostilityis exclusively directed against the person of Mr. CI,ranpton, and he must be got rid of. On the questioifof the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty the American Government declare that if Lord Clarendon admits the correctness of their interpretation of it, they will give every guarantee that they will not claim protectorate or exclusive posseesion of any part of Central America; in a word, that theywill give no cause for umbrage, but England must first adnmt that the signification she attaches tolthat instrument is not the correct ane. A simple word to that effect will suffice. Such, I am assured, is the latest intimation miade to our Government. These requests, indeed, contain the lwhole question. We mustadmit, itseems, what we have hitherto strenuously denied, at least till proved on trustworthy testimony, namely,that our Minister at Washington exceeded his powers, and knowingly violated the laws of the Union. Again, we must admit before the world that we do not know hiow to interpret our own treaty, and, if we decline doing so, we must abide the consequences, whatever these may be ! Then again we have a quarrel with the hlexican Government. The Spaniards too have sent from Havannah a force consisting of four ships of war to blockade the coast oI Vera Cruz, in case the Mexicans Drove restiff: You are aware that this step is taken in consequence of the refusal of the Mlexican Government to satisfy the jfst claims of certain Spanish subjects for indemnity. Of these claims a part w-as discovered to be unfounded, and a MINixed Commission decided that they should be reduced by S,00O,00O piastres, but the rest is enforced. The intructions to the new Spanish Envoy who accompanies the expedition are to the effect, that if on landing at Vera Cruz he finds the Mexican Government disposed to listen to reason, he is to refrain from any hostile demonstration. If the refusal be persisted in, he is to establish a blockade. Now, it is very doubtful, considering with -what a wistful eye the Amierican Filibusters have lng regarded those countries, Mwhether they wsill much respect the Spanish blockade, and, once disregarding all international law, there is no knowing to what extent they will go. All these thinlgs add considerably to the difficutlty of our ovn question, which, if not settled in a very short time, may lead to serious romplications, such as the seizure by the Americans and the subsequent annexation of the whole of Central America. The French Government, who are very umnilling that war should break out anywhece, are most anxious for the matter to be arranged, and wouid willin-ly offer their mediation if there was a chance of its being accepted. An active correspondence has been goin'g on between the two Governments on the subject-with what result remainato be seen. I can assure you thatgreat anxiety, I wvill not say alarm, prevails amongr offheial meen on this head. The commission of European engineers, part of whom proceeded to Egypt in the beginning of the year, is to meet in Pris on the 24th inst. The Mrinister of MLarine has appointed Rear-Admiral Rigault do Genouilly and Captain Jauris to give their opinion on the nautical questions connected witbh the execution of the canal of Suez. M. de LIesseps has written to England to request that two officers of the British navy should lik-ewise be attached to the commission. Everybody is interested in ha vinu the question impartiaUy examnined, and with that View N1. de Lesseps intends publishing, both in LIondon and Paris, a volume containing tthe most recent documents relative thereto,as an appendixto the one otblibslied last year in Englisl and French. The 7vork is now in the press. The Emperor arrived at Nantes at 2 o'clock this day; he is not expected back before to-morrow night or the following morning. From the accounts from the departments vou will perceive that the inundations are fast subsiding. It is feared that, however fertilizing the deposit left by them may be at a later period, for the present it will be hurtful. The numerous bodies of drowned animals, and the mass of vegetable matter mixed up vith the slime and mud, will, it is apprehended, spread infection, particularly aggravated by a burning sun, such as we have now enjoyed for some days. It is, I believe, certain that, with the exception of the localities submerged by the water, nothing caii be finer than the crops in most parts of the country. The accounts last received continue to be less and less disastrous, as the weather is everywhere fine and the waters gradually subsiding. Tlhe districts of the Loire still sulffer most; and, unfortunatel.-, a considerable time is likely to elapse before the evil done can be remledied, as, notwithstandina all the efforts to Drevent it, the waters have made an irruDtion into the extensive quarries near Angers. Cardinal Patrizzi, the Papal Legate, arrived in Paris at 5 o'clock yesterday evening. A railway carriage, richly ornamented, had been sent down to Jiyons expressly for the accommodation of the Iegate and of the personis who accompanied hiinm. The Count de Vaulchier, and .MM1. Gustave, de Rothschild, and Chapron, directora of the comnpany, were in wvaiting at the station to receive his Eminence. The Cardinal, who appears about 57 or 58 years of age, wore a close-fittinig skull cap and a scarlet silkl dress. His Eminence, on his arTival, was received by the Duke ale Cambaceres, Grand blaster of the Ceremonies, accompanied by an Equerry of the Ermperor. The Minister of Public Vorship, the Archbishop of Bordeaux, and the Archbishop of Paris were also present, as were the Bishop of Adras, Chaplain of His Majesty, and the chaplains of the Imperial Chapel. Six of the Court carriages were in waiting. The crossbearer of the Legate with the cross entered the first, an(d the Legate and the other high personages present the others, and proceeded towards the cnleries, escorted by a squadronl of the Guides. Te Ist Reg,iment of the Voltigeurs of the Guard were drawn up at the station. The c.cffge followed the Rue do Lyons, the Rtue St.A4ntoinc, and the Ruie de P.ivoli, svhere a numerous crosd had assembled. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 71f. 50c. for the end of the month ; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 75c. ; and the New Loan at 71f. 60c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,360f.; Great Northern, 3,13f.; Strasburg, 970f.; new - lares, 875f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,49Sf. ; LYOnIS to the Mediterranean, ],T700f.; Western of France, 94750c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 770!.; Great Central of France, 670f.; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; PanIc of Credit Dlobilier,1,81,f. o0c.; Austrian railwDays, S92f. 60c. Cour;s Authentiqu-PARIS, June 10.-Cash Prices_Four-and-a-Ifalf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93t. 93f. 2.5c.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (90 per cent. paid), 9:3f.; Four per Cents., 82f. ; Three per Cents., 71f. 15c. 20c. IOc. ',Of 6Wc. 85c. 71f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 71f. 60c. 71.; ditto Certificates (60 per cent, paid), 71f. GOc. 71f.; Treasnry Bonds, 5 per cent. at three mon'hs; Bank of France, 4;SOMf.; Credit Foncier, 7COf. 6t95. eox. div.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 400f. ; Credit Nobilier, 1,S20. 1,800!. 1,810f. 1,S20!. 1,S25f. 1,81*.30C.;' Discount Bank-, 700!. 695f. ; Piodmontose Five per Cents., 92!. 9-2f. 2:5c.; Austrian Five per Coats,, 92;* Belgilan Fourand-a-Efalf per Cents., 97; R Ponans, 87; Spanish Lnterior Debt, 4L Exchange on London, at sight, money, 2;!. 35c.; three months, mosey, 25f. 2.3c. AUJSTRkIA. VIE.NNA, JumNx 7. isor a long time men i'n office represented theI relationls between Russia and Aust;ria as being much ibetter than they really were, but no attempt is raowi made to deny that the breach betwveen the. twvo Governmzents is a very wide one. The recognition of the bucanier Walker by thu Government of the United States has excited more indignation here than mighlt hatve been expsecteci and such epithets as ";lawless frebooters:' " rob- bers,& &C., are freely applied to our 'rransatlantic relatives. The foreign holders of Austrian railroad shares have no reason to fear that the founders of the other lines will imitate the example of the men to whom the Austro-French (State) Railroads were ceded. The statutes of the company in question were drawn up and sanctioned before Baron Brmck was at the FinanceDepartment, and it is the expressed opinion of that MKinister that the founders of railroad companies have no just claim to any "; tantieme." In short, I am able to state positively that the dangerous and unjustifiable measure of Messrs. Pereire, Arastein, Eskeles, Sina, &c., wiU not be permitted to serve as a precedent for other speculators in Austrian railroads who may be equlaly greedy of gain. Another Austrian Archbishop is about to receive a cardinall's hat. The report that the M-linister-Cardinal Antonelli was about to quit office proves to be unfounded. AntoneUi is a declared enemy to all innovation, and as long as he is in office there will be no real reform in the Administration. His Eminence M. Viale PrelI, the Nuncio at this Court, was spoken of as the successor of Cardinal Antonelli, but the political principles and opinions of the two statesmen are known to be almost the same. It is said that when the episcopal conferene's are at an end, which will be the cmse in about 10 days, the Archbishop of Vienna will go to Rome. As you will probably have learned from your Berlin or Paris correspendent, M. Bakunin has been pardoned hy the Emperor-of Russia, at the intercession of General xouravieff: Bakunin was delilivered up to Russia by this Governsent in 1850, and it was then generally reported that he was an agent of the Russo-Panslavist party. Austria would have put him to death, butt Russia insisted on his " extradition." There is a mystery about the man which requires clearing up. ITALY. (PROM oUR oWN coRRESroFNDmIs.) TU RIN, J usa 7. The text of the Austrian Note of the 16th of May has at length been made public through the means of the Augsburg Gazette, but, thongh the Austrian Chargu' d'!Afires at Turin, Count Paar, has been in possession of the document for some time, lie had no instructions to communicate its contents to the Sardinian Government, it appears,and he only did so to a few of his colleagues, so that probably the Sardinian Government has seen it now in extenso for the first time in the columns of an " ordinary source of information." The not communicating on the part of the Austrian Government the tenour of an important circular to its diplomatic agents, intended as a defence of its policy, is, of course, regarded by the Sardinian Cabinet as an additional proof that Austria has no desire to improve her relations with this country, as, indeed, is shown clearly enough by the tone of the " Note" itself. It will be seen that Austria claims tho right of intervention, and declares her intention of malding use of it, and to-day we have another practical illustration of this determination being strictly adhered to. From Parma we learn that a difference of opinion having arisen betwveen General Crenneville and the Government of Parma ith regard to the disposal of certain prisoners Count Thun, Adlatuvs to General Radetzky, was sent in all haste from Verona to arrange the matter. Up to the 4th he had not succeeded, however, and this dispute was said to have been the principal cause of the Prince Soragna hagng given in his resignation as President of the Special Commission. Two of the Duchess-Regent's Ministers at least aro most anxious to retire, from a feeling of insulted dignity in bting thus macle the tools of Austrian Generals anid councillors; but they have hitherto been restrained by a sense of duty to their Sovereign. If there wore any representatives of the Wcstern Powers at Parma who would properly express the policy of their Governments, no doubt this difficulty might be settled with compara.ive case; but, as it is, it seems likely to terminate by confirming Austrian occupation and weakening the power of the Duchess's Government. NAPLES, Ju.zE 5. During the last ten days despatches fro:n England have arrived for the British Legation by way of blessina and Civita Vecchia. I am informEed. too, that the telegraphic communication has been very frequent betwveen the same quarters. M. Brenier has also received despatches, and several interviews have taken place betwcen the British and FrenchMIinisters. Nothing, however, that I have seen or heardthrovs any light on the subject of these communications, and from the feeble light I have I am compelled to arrive at the best conclusions I can. I fear, then, that the intentions of France do not correspond to the hearty good will of England, as regards the Italian question; and perhaps A.i. Brenier is not the most favourable medium through which even those intentions could have been conveyed. Such is my impression, and such is the verv general impression of thesouthern Italians. Up totthe present moment not the slightest sign of change has been made. His Majesty has shut himself up in Gaeta, sees no one, and, suspecting and suspected by his subjects, hurls defiance at the world. 'This is something more than the result of a well-known constitutional obstinacy. His Majesty feeLs his position well assured. Austria is ever ready to back him, and the honest enthusiasm of England will be kept in check by the political fears of the Emperor of the French. The Austrian Miinister is about to leave Naples for a portion of the summer. The Sardiniai lChargd d'Affaires, too, is leaving this week. I argue, therefore, that no great diplomatic complications are to be expected, and that it is intended things shall go on smoothly. A reporthasbeen going the round of the city that great things may be expected fromthernotu proprio of His Majestythat not only wvere "widcawakes" of any size, shape, or colour to be permitted, but that the constitution was to be revived. Such reports arc more, at all events as regards the constitution, likely to have been circulated by the police in order to throw the Liberals off their guard, as the following facts are in opposition to such reports. The business to be brought on for trial in the Neapolitan Courts is always arranged 15 days beforehand, and aniong the cases is entered that of the advocate Mignonna for the 9th inst. I have already spoken of this person. He was one of a party of 40 or 50, who were arrested in a caffd in the Toledo on some political charge, so long back as last September. For some time political trials have been suspended; the very existence of the victims seems to have been forgotten; now it appears that newi- life is to be infused into them. I hear, too, of arrests in the provinces of those who make any allusion to an amnesty. A circular enforcing -such an order, I have already infornied you, had been issued by the Intendenti to the Communal Judges, and by virtue of such an order it is that one of the first advocates in ChietiAntonio de Sanctis-has been recently arrested. These facts show no disposition to bend, and no one in his senses, in Naples at least, expects any pliany in the Royal nature. A miracle may be wrought, for this is a country " ssai miracolosa," but without a miracle the Et hiopian can never change his skin. If it has not already been presented, a suDplication will, I hear, be presented to at least two of the foreign Ministers from the political prisoners in Procida, begging their intervention v;ith the Govern- ment. They state that an attempt has been made to stir up the criminal prisoners against them, with a view to their assassination; and, though it has failed, they are in constant apprehension of their lives. I abstain from giving names, or reporting facts more in detail, but an appeal to foreign protection, such as I have mentioned, founded on these fears, has been, or will be presented. At the same time that I spoke of the political cause to be tried in Naples on the 9th I should have mentioned another cause appointed to be heard in St. Maria di Capua on the same day. It is against an inhabitant of St. Tammaro for having spoken ill of the King. M. Brenier has addressed some inquiries to the Minister for Foreign Affairs on the subject of a chest of hats addressed to " Cordeil," a French subject. The remonstrance was forwarded to the Minister of Finance, and by him to the Minister of the Interior, Signor Bianchini, w-ho, presenting himself to the King, begged to know vwhat should be answered. " Let any beards or hats be worn," said His Majesty, " and let me never hear anything more on the subject." I have heard it caUled an initiation of reforms, but what in truth is it but a ridiculous pzoof of the terrible system by which even the barber's razor or the tailor's shears are guided by the Royal will ? A fit of the spleen, or of the gout, or a sharp article in a journal may give themu another direction t-morrow morning. Indeed, it is a fact that we hlave been overuhlmed and puzzled 'oy a chowver of permcisiiun3and prohibitions on this very subject of hate within the last eight years. Caprice sits atthehead of affairs. On Taesday the British and French Mllinisters had a long interview with Signor Carafa, the MIinister for Foreigni Affairs. In my last letter I reported the arrival of the new international treaty between this country and BEngland as ratified-r rather should have said approved. The ratifications cannot be exchanged for yet another month or moro; meanawhile ou.r merchants are very anxzious to know its various articles. My impression is that the new treaty improves, if anything, the position of the British resident, confers additional privileges on commerce, and gives greater security to the property of British subjects dying in thkingdom. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 6th inst. The Gazette publishes a Royal decree conferring on M. Salustiano de Olozaga the rank and dignity of Ambassador, in order "that he may attend in a becoming manner, and on an equal footing with his colleagues, the solemn ceremony of the baptism of the heir to the Imperial throne of France, whose august mother is a Spaniard by her family and birth." A deplorable duel has been fought at Valencia between the Vice-Consul of England and an officer of the Staff. The former was run through the body with a small sword, and little hope remained of saving his life. The officer was likewise wounded, but slightly.
TURKEY. I fp r Af T w IAERPA1 T CONSTANTINOPLE. MAY 29. The more the intercourse between the different nations exerts its assimilatinga influence the more interesting become the romaining traces of a distinct national andsocial life. In Enrope this assimilating tendency has spread so far that very little indeed remains, and railways and steamers efface more and more even the fewv traces wlhich have been left hitherto, so that a man wvill soon be able to go from one end of Europe to the other without finding any difference in the appearance of the different countries. In Turkey this cosmopolitan tendency has not yet succeeded so completely. There is, indeed, a rage in Stamboul for everything which is d la Franca. The picturesque Oriental costume is more and more giving way to ugly straight-collared coats and broadstrapped trousers, the best specimens of which would disgrace even the shops of the Temple at Paris. The beautiful ceilings carved in wood are disappearing in favour of wretchedly daubed flowers and trees; the comfortable divans running all round the walls are replaced by straight-backed mueasy chairs. But these innovations are scarcely known out of StamboLil, and even in the capital there is a time when a kind of reaction takes place against this tendency, and Oriental life seems to revive for a time. This time is that of the Ramazan, with its days of fasts and its nights of feasts. Then everybody returns to the old style of livingknives and forks, tables and chairs, plates and napkins are discarded, and all eat in the old patriarchal way out of one dish with their fingers. There are even people who abandon the raki bottle during that time and go back again to the pure element. The mosques begin again to exert their attractions, and many a man you may see there bowing down who during 11 months of the year is making philosophical comments abont the Koran. This is, therefore, the most interesting time for a European, who can get by a stroll through the streets more insight into the character of MIahomedan life than by the study of volumes. Although the external appearance of the people has been changed from what it -was when Turkish dig,nitaries rode about in colossal turbans and richly embroidered kaftans-when the only carriage seen was the gaudily painted araba with milk white oxen-when swaggering Janissaries and spahis made themselves conspicuous-and wrhen the old ruins through -which you niow walk were in their prime, enough still remains to give the whole picture that strange mysterious colouring which we connect in our minds with the idea of the East. The day beg,ins for the Moslem in Ramazan two or three hours before sunset. There are, indeed, toiling wretches, such as hamals and caikgis, for whom the day begins as usual at daybreak, and grows only so much harder by the privations it imposes, but most people don't get up before noon, and bazaars and shops kept by '.ahomedans seldom open before the afternoon; even the office-hours at the Porte do not begin before that time. TwYO hours before sunset all the town turns out into the streets. It is the time for making Durchases of provisions, and for promenading. There is a long and, in most parts, tolerably wiide street leading from the place in which the mosque of Sultan Bajazid stands to the mosque of Sultan Mehmed. This the centre of all life. Originally a market, flanked on both sides with shops of every kind, it has in a great measure lest its original distinction. The shops have ceded their place to a nearly uninterrupted series of cafes, and the market is converted into a promenade. This is principally the case in the part of the street called Sheikl-Zadi, from the beautiful mosque along which it leads. A double and often treble row of carriages, with dark-eyed and thickly-veiled beauties, occupies the centre of the street, wvhile the raised arcades in front of the shops are filled with women in geay feregis (cloaks) and admiring " swells." It is the R1otten-row of Stamboul, quite as characteristic, and even more picturesque, -with its quaint balconies, graceful minarets, cypress trees, and the shady little burialgrounds stuck among the houses, al illuminated by a gorgeous setting sun. This movement in the Sheik-Zadi lasts till near sunset; as the shadows grow longer one carriage after the other loses itself, the yashmaks and their wearers disappear, and only the smoke-thirsty people remain sittiig on the little stools in front of the caf6s, looking every minute at their watches, hating the sun, and preparing everything for the moment of the signal gun. The water is boiling on the brazier ready for the coffee, the tumblers are filled with lemonade or any other decoction, but the greatest care is given to the preparations for smoking. It is a work of love and helps to idle away the last half-hour in pleasant anticipation of the coming pleasures. Every fibre is unravelled and put in with judgment; steel, stone, and tinder are ta'sen out, and the most impatient amuse themselves with lighting the tinder and putting it out again half-a-dozen times. At length thelast rays of the sun have disappeared, a-nd the gun in the court of the Seraskieriate announces it ; a faint cry of satisfaction rises, drowned nealrly as soon as it rises in a cloud of smoke or in a tumbler of water. As soon as their first craviDgs are satisfied every one hastens to the " ifftar," (the first meal of the day). It is the only time when you can see the usually abstemious Oriental gorging Iiimself. Sweets follow meat and meat follows swveets alternately in endless succession. All the innumerable resources of the Turkislh cisine, nearly superior in inventiveness to the French, are put into requisition, so that S0 to 40 dishles are n10o uncommon occurrence at a fashionable house. There is scarcely time to swallow all these dainties, wash the hands, and smoke a pipe, when the sharp cry of the muezzii calls the faithful to night prayers. By this time the galleries !onl the mosques have been tastefullly illuminated by lamps; the rows of windows under the cupola stiine with the lights of the thousand lamps inside. Allthe cafes, grocer.s' shops, and eating-houses, all the numerous stands, with ices, lemonades, and sweetmcats, and the thousands of paper lanterns of the thlousands of the crowd, with their numberless lights, lend to the whole scene a fantastic glare which surpasses the last and most exciting moment of the Roman Carnival. This is the houir when one ought to go and see the mosques. The simple grandeur of some of these masterpieces of Eastern architecture is only to be felt, not to be described. That sole!m abstraction from all surrounding eartlhly objects which characterizes the prayer of the MIoslem rises to a kind of stern enthusiasm, which strikes even the most sceptical with awe. |By the time the prayer is over the scene outside has even increased in animation. Everybody is visiting everybody; the crowd is so dense that ,you can scarcely pass through in the main thoroughfares; all the seats in front of the cafes and shops are occupied, everywfhereyou hear chanting, singing, and music. The mosques have increased in light. On a rope stretched from one minaret to another figulres formed of ingeniously hung lamps, re,presenting flowers, animals, birds, sips, and other objects, swing about high in the air. A thousand "Iluyourours" (" Please") invite the passers by.to s the shopsand mix with the hum of thne busy crowd. I And all this host, -without anylbody to direct its movements, is orderly and quiet, no pressing or jostling, no acnte noise or excess. Thisis, perhaps, the most -wonderful part of the whole and gives to th e scene an air of mystery which impresses you almost with the belief that you are witneming the thousand and second of the A Taian NZbTights. If you have no acquaintances to go to, and if you are tired of the crowd, you may go and see the Kara-g6z, the Turkish Punch. He haunts mostly out-of-the-way lanes, and chooses invariably for his exhibitions one of the numerous gardens with which the town abounds. You enter the little door, and are received, as in exhibitions all over the world, by the proprietor, who acts at the same tine as cashier, with the polite demand for a few piastres. If you have thus acquired the right to enter you must look out for a seat, and, according to the confidence in your generosity which your appearance inspires, you will be accommodated with a wood6n sofa, a chair, or stool, or you will bebanished among the crowd in the back-grouind, where you are at liberty to squat down. Most of the gardens where Kara-gfz exhibits are covered in by trellises oni which the vines cree along, letting their nntrained branches hang down, through which you can see the stars. A solitary lamp or, at most, two .n*ru the illumination, except where Kara-goz, the wag, appears. Here a dark curtain is drawn across, except in the centre, where a thin transparent veil shows the scene. The performance is acted by marionettes of wood, some of them rather cleverly jointed, so as to enjoy the liberty of all their members. Here, as in Italy, there are stereotype figures-Kara.g6z, his friend and rival in wit, Hadji-Vatt, a " swell," the woman, a Jew, an idiot, a Persian, and the police. The subjects are most varied, but all representing tricks played by Kara-goz on all the drarnatis personme, -who all rise at last against the 'wag. Thle most -nteresting part for any one whlo understands the language is the dialoge, especialy between Hadji'Vatt and Kara-goz, who iry to surpass each other in tche skirmish of words. Some of them are exceedingaly witty, and, whiat !; more, the wit is fully appreciated by the spectators. Scarcely less intereSting than the performance are the faces of the spectators. The first row are all children, and never did I hear childish delight and ringing laughter so joyous and free. One could scarcely imagine that those grave persons behind had been likewise once sitting in front. But even these latter did not resist a well-turned jel.s de snot, in which the whole performance abounds. In general one would scarcely believe what a fund of fun there is in the grave Osmanli, and how sensible he is of the ludicNrus. By the time the performance is over the crowd begins to disperse in the streets, and is wandering home to wait for the drum which beats two hours before the morning gun for the second meal. Now the by-streets, which have had hitherto a deserted appearance, dark and solitary, begin to get their part of the movement, although the want of illumination and the absence of open shops always make a great difference. Indeed, a lover of con!trasts could not do better than take a stroll in the by-streets, after having walked about for some timne in the thoroughfares; it is like life and death, here and there a solitary wayfarer, or a mysterious lady with a servant carrying a lantern before her, or a sleepy dog, wlho will rather be trodden upon than move out of the way, is all he will meet. Yet it may happen to him, as it did last time to me, that, as if by a magic stroke, the whole street becomes alive. WYe haYe first a dull trampling sound from afar, as it- a body of toops were moving in a run. It becomes more and more distinct. The sound of the steps is intermingled with shouting and yelling, at last a lantern appears and behind it 50 or 69 men running along at a 'wonderfully measured but quiet step, and going over everything which comes into their way. In the midst of them you perceive a dark object with lirass mountings glittering in the dim light of the Fanar. They are the firemen with their portable enaine, the only one applicable in the narrow streets. All the houses begin to get animated, doors aro unlocked, windows opened, and everybody inquires where the fire is. When the host of firemen have passed like a wild chase, ad inquiry shows that the fire is far ofi, everything sinks again into silence and solitude. An hour before sunrise the morning gun puts an end to the feasting, and everybody turns in. Not less interesting than at night is Stamboul early in t.he morning in Ramazan-a city of the dead by daylight. If you lose yourself in the interimyou may go about for half an hour without meeting a soul, a strange sight for any one who knows Stsmboul in the morning at other times, for its population are generally very early risers. To-day Her Majesty's birthday will be celebrated. Early in the morning the guns of the shipping and of Scutari announced it to the British residents of Pera. All the men-of-war and the Enolish merchant vessels likewise have hoisted their flags. The programme is a levee at the Ambassadors at noon, a dinner in the evening, and an illumination and fireworkcs at night on the shipping and at the Embassy. The St. Jean d'Acre and Agamemnon have come alongside the Queen to join in the illumination. Yesterday the order 'was given to the three screw line-of-battle ships at present here-theAganemnon, the St, Jean d' Acre, and the Princess Royal-to take out their lower-deck guns and leave them in the ordnance depOt at Scutari, and then to proceed to the Crimea to take troops. The Turks are coming down fast from Eupatoria. Several regiments of cavalry have arrived from there, and there are now two Turkish liners in with troops.
DEST.8UCTION OF THE BRITISH BAPK HYMEN BY THE RIFE PIRATES. Yesterday, the following correspondence was received at Lloyd's from the Board of Trade, communicating the capture and destruction of the bark Hymen, Captain Smith, master, belonging to Liverpool, by pirates, off the coast of Riff. She was laden with coals bound for Ancona, and is described as 400 tons register, calUed 1 1- "Office of Committee of Privy Council for Trade, Marine Department, Whitehall, June 10. "Sir,-I am directed by the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade to transmit to vou the accompanying copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's consul at Malaga, reporting the seizure and destruction of the British bark Hymen by Rid pirates. ' bI have the honour, &c., "To the Secretary, Lloyd's. J-arEs BooTr." " British Consulate, Malaga, May 27. "Sir,-I have the honour to report to you, for the information of my Lords of the Privy Council for Trade, tkat yesterday afternoon I received official information from Colonel Don Mlanuel Buceta, Governor of the Spanish fortress of Melilla, that on the 14th inst., the British bark Hymen, of and from Liverpool, Mr. James Smith, master, vwith a crew of 13 individuals, for Ancona, with a cargo of coals, was attacked and boarded in the waters of the Botoya on the coast of the Riff, by two carabos, or boats manned by Moorish pirates, of the tribe of Benibugllafar, armed Qwith pistols and daggers. These marauders, who were shortly after reinforced by nine other carabos, plundered and partly destroyed the bark, leaving her a complete wreck, at a place on the beach called Nufter, or Pasani, about three leagues to the eastward of Cape Quilate. and ended by carrying the crew of the Hymen ashore in captivity. Governor Buceta, in his report of the ocon-rence, eulogizes in the warmest terms the noble and disinterested conduct of a Moor caled Morobito, a chief of the tribe of Benisaid, who has rendered pre-eminent services in providing for the immediate safety of four of the Hymen's crew, furnishing a guard for the protection of the stranded property, and labourers to assist at the salvage operations instituted under the personal superintendence of the zealous governor of Mfelilla. "Morobito has furthermore assured Colonel Buceta that he will procure the prompt release of all the captives, and t.hat the poersons and property rescued from the pirate horde of Benibuigllafar shall be delivered up, without ransom or reward, to the British authorities wiho may be sent to receive them. "Upon receipt of this inteUigence, I lost no time in communicating all the details to the Governor of Gibraltar, to whom I despatched a special express suggesting that his Excellency should cause one of Her Majesty's war steamers to be despatched to Melilla direct, at which place, by acting in concert with Governor Buceta, whose benevolen. Opportune, and valuable exertions in this affair are certainly beyond al praise the requisite measures could be adopted for the rescue of the captive crew of the Hymen, and the recovery of the plundered property. " I have. kc.. " WM PENROSE MARK, ConsuL To the Secretary of the Marine Department, London." CORONEV'S IhKQVESv.-Yesterday an inquiry before Mr. Wakley, which had been twice adjourned, was concluded at the Royal Standard Tavern, Star-street, Paddington, respecting the death of a young woman, named Esther Befliugham, whose death took place on the 23d of May. The coroner had ordered the inquiry in consequence of some rumours wrhich led to the belief that the young womaLn had died from wounds cauzsed by a surgeon in endea-ouring to procure abortion. A great deal of testimony was given, but it did not justify the suspicions as to the sup. posed cause of death, and the jury retned a verdict to the effect that the deceased died from the mortal effects of inflanLimation and mortification, but whether they were pro. duced by natural causes or from mechanical violence to pro. cure abortion there was not safficient evidence to prove.
SPOBTING XTELLIGENCE, ASCOT HEATH RACES, WzDiBsD.iy. Castom has rendered the Wednesdayat Ascot an "odo. day ;" although it poesses a powerful attraction in its " Hunt Cup," which invariably commands one of the largest fields of the meeting. On the present occasion 28 horses started for it, and the race was one of deep interest and beauty. As the competitors descended the hilL forming a line s regular as that of a body of cavalry, and the brgtb sun glistening on the riders' jackets, the scene was ex. tremezy gay and exciting. Tho race ws remarkable only for the succesS of the favourite, Forbidden Frait, a success which testified I strikingly to the ability of the "talent" in picking out a i winner from so large a field. The "tRoyal Hunt Cup" was, as usual, exhibited in the saloon of tho Grand Stand. It is atazza-shaped bowl sapported on a stem, around which are three distinct groups of figures, represnting the death of the boar, the death of the buck, aid the death of the fox, all admirably modelled, and of the most elaborate wor-manship. The brim is ornamented with stags' heads, which form what may be caled its handles; and around the external part of it Are represented in bas reliefs a stag hunt and a herd of deer, in vory good tasta. It was manufactured at the establishment of Messrs. Hunt and Roskill, After a model and design by Mr. AlfredBrown. The withdrawal of both xMnganese and 3incepie from tho Ferahill Stakes destroyed the interest which oncs attached to that event. The minor races do not require notice. Theweatherwas again warm and sunny, and the attend. ance fully up to the Wednesday's average. The sport came off as under SWEEPSTAKE of 15 soya. each. 10 ft., with 25 added, for 3-yr.olds; colts, 8st. 71b. ; fillies. Sst. 31b. The winner to be sold for 40Dsovs. if demanded, &c. Three-quarters of a mile. 10 subs. Mr. Howard's Spindle, by Orlando, 8st. 31b. (Wells) ...I Duke of Bedford's Alastor, Sst. 71b. (S. Rogersl ... ... 2 Mfr. Evans's Eardrop, 8st. Sib. (Yates) ... ... ...3 Mr. Hope's Agra, Sst. 31b. (Ashmall) ... ... 4 Lord Anglesey's 'Astrologus, Set. 71b. (G. lann). 5 Sir W. Booth's Repentance, Set. Slb. (E. Sharpe) ... 6 Betting.-2 to 1 agst Spindle; 4 to I each aget Agra and Eardrop. Won by three lengths; a length between the second and third; bad fourth. TnM FEIUNHMLL STAXES of 15 sovs. each, 5 ft., with 50 added; for 2-yr-olde, 7st.; and 3-yr-olds, 9st.- fillies and geldiigs allowed 3Sb. About half-a-mile. 9 subs. Mr. Hope's colt by Sir Hercules - lurl3y's dam, 2 yrs, 7st. ( ordham) 1 Mr. Payne's Perfume, 2 yrs, 6st. lib. (Plumb). ... 2 Mrs. Osbaldeston's Lord Mlelbourne, 2 yrs, 7st. (H. Steggles) ... ... .. .. .. ... ...3 Mr. Adkins's Fascination, 2 yrs, 6st. lb. (Prior) ... 4 Baron Rothschild's Cinderella, 2 Trs, 6st. lllb. (Creps- well) ... 5 Betting..-5 to2 and3 to ion Larley's dam colt. Won by a head; very bad third. HAyDIOCP PLATE of 501. Half-a-mile. Mr. I. Jackson's Remedy, by The Cur6, 2 yrs, 6et. 101b. (Challoner)-1... .. . . . Captain LIttle's Olymlps, 3 yrs, 8st. 41b. (E. Sharpe) ... 2 Mr. Brown's Flyaway, 3yrs, Sst. 41b. (Bray) ... ...3 The following also ran :- Lord Anglesey's Flying Duchess, 3 yrs, 8st. 41b. (G. Mann). Mr. La Mert's Bobby B, 3 yrs, 8st. 41b. (A. Cowley). Mr. Evans's Ninette, 3 yrs, Set. (Yates). Captain Christie's Ceres, 3 yrs, 7st. 12lb. (T. Cliff). Lord Clifden's Bishop of Osnaburg, 3 yre, 7st. 121b. (Sly). Mr. hMerry's Lundyfoot, 3 yrs, 7st. 121b. (3. Hall). Mr. E. R. Clark's Lady Floreace, 3 yrs, 7st. 11b. (Bother). Mfr. Howard'g Chow, 2 yrs, 6st. 12lb. (Fordham). Lord J. Scott's Cantrip, 2 yrs, 6et. 71b. (Saunwell). Mr. W. Day's St. Giles, 2 yrs, 6st. (Hibberd). Baron Rlothschild's Cmndere}la, 2 yrs, Sst. 10ib. (Pritchard), Betting.-4 to 1 a,",st Flyig Duchess; 6 to 1 aet Remedy; T to 1 each aget Chow and CaD.trip; 10 to I agst ny Won by a length; half a length between the second and third. Lady Florence was a bad fourth, Cantrip was fifth, and Chow sixth. The last lot consisted of Ceres, Flying Duchess, and The Pony. ROYAL HUNr CUP, a piece of plate, value 200 sovs., by subscription of 10 sOVS. each, with 100 added; for 3-yr-olds and upwards. Winners extra. New mile. 44 subs. Mfr.Murland's ForbiddenFruit, byBirdcatcher, 3yrs., 6st. (Cresswell).1 Mfr. Howard's Saraband, 4 yrs., 7st l01b. (Wells) .. 2 Mr. Hope's Sly Fellow, 3 yrs., 6st. 61b. (Samwell) ...3 Druke of Beaufort's Eurioso, yrs., 6st. 61b. (Salter) ... 4 The following also ran :- ]Lr. Y. King's Flacrow, 4 yrs., 9st. 41b. (J. Goater). Sir C. Moncles Vindex, 6 yrs., Set. lOlb. (Bartholomew). Mr. Merry's Lord of the Isles, 4 yrs., Sat. 81b. (J. Prince). Mr. Adiias's Flatterer, 4 yrs., Sst. llb. (Yates).; Mr. Edwards's Vengeance (late the Chicken), 4 yrs,, 8st. (3. Manun). Mr. Hope's Capucine, 4 yrs., 7st. 91b. (Midgley). Lord Derby's Bracken, 5 yrs., 7st. 61b. (G. Jaun), Mffr. }1. Read's The Mfosquito, 4 yrs., 7st. 41b. (Ashmall). Baron Rothschild's Blooming Heather, 4 ys., 7st. 41b. (Charlton). Tord Cliiden!s Alembic, 5 yrs., 7st. 61b. (Quinton). Captain Christie's Defiance, 6 yrs., Tst. 41b. (Pratt). Mr. Elwes's Meihbelmas Maid, 6 yrs.. 7$t. 21b. (Bray). Mir. H. Hill's Stanhope, 3 yrs., 7st. 21b. (Judd). Lord Clifden's Melissa, 3 yrs., 7st. (Crouch). Mr. C. Capel's Welham, 5 yrs., 6st. 121b. (car. 7st.) (J. Steggles.). Count Batthyany's Duke of LIneaster, 5 yes., 6st. 121b. (T. Cliff). Mr. Drinkald's Katerfelto, 4 yrs, 6et. lOlb. (Covey). Mrr. Edwards's Falcon, 5 yrs, 6st. 81b. (Heffer). Mtr. Paynes Boer, 5 yrs, 5et, (Plumb). ,ord Chesterfield's Peter Flat, 3 ytso 6st. (Fordhamt . Captain Christie's Kestrel, 3 yrsI 5st. 12lbl (. W ilters). Captain Lane's Tug o'War, 3 yzs, Wet. 91br (iBnock)t Msr. J. Day's Disraeli, 3 yrs, 5st. 41b. (Dear). Colonel Martyn's The Spaniard, 3 yrs, set. (Edgerton). Betting.-4 to 1 agst Forbidden Fruit, S to 1 agst Welham, 10 to 1 agst Peter Flat, 12 to 1 each agst l;aterfelto, Flatiterer, and Saraband, 14 to 1 a7$t Alembec, 20 to 1 agst Peter Flat, Furioso, and Wellham ran in front to near t'he half-distance, where Forbidden Frait came out,followed bY Saraband. A fine race in ended in favour of Forbidden Fxuit by a head; two lengths between the second and third, and a length between the third and fourth. Bracken was fifth, and Boer sixth. Canucine walked in last. Defiance broke down. The Conwi-AieON STArzs, Of100 sovs. each, h. ft., for 3- yr-old fillies, 8st. 71b. each. Certain penalties. Old mile. 1S subs. Mr. Bo3wes's Victoiia, by Melbourne, &st. 71b. (Bar- tholomew) ... .. 1 Mr. Howard's Spindle, 8St. &b. (J. Goaterj ... 2 Mr. Gratwicke's Sister to Hesse Homburg, Sst. 71b. (Ashmall)o Mr. Howard's Queen's Head; Mst. 7,. (Wells) 4 Betting.-6 to 4 agst Victoria, 7 to 4 aget Queen's Head. The favourite made nearly all the running, and won by three lerngths; two lengths between the second and third; had fourth. HP. MAJESTY's PLATE of 100 guineas; three-year-olds 7st. 21b.; four, 9st. 21b.; five, 9st. 121b.; six and aged, 10st. 21b. To start at the New Mie starting-post and go once round. (Two miles and a half.) Captain lane's Middleton, by Alarm, 3 yrs (J. Steggles) I Mr. T. Pars's Saucebox, 4 yrs (Wells) ...2... ...2 Lord J. Scott's Mayboy, 4 yrs (Cowley). ...... 3 MIr. Brown's Speed the Plough, 6 yrs (Gregory) 4 Sir R. Pigot's colt by Conyngham-Prioress, 3 yrs tG. Mnn). Betting.-7 to 4 on Saucebox, 7 to 2 zget Middleton. Middleton made all the running, and won by two lengths; three lengths between the second and third. Speed the Plough and Prioress colt were beaten off; the latter did not pass the post. The ALBANY STAXs of 50 soev, each, h. ft., for 3-yr-olds; colts, Set. 71b.; fillies, 8st. 31b. Certain winners extraNew mile. 3 subs. Mr. Harland's Mirage, by The flying Dutchman, Sst. 31b. (Basham) walked over. B1TNG ON THE COURSE. GoLD Cup. 6 to 4 on Manganese. ASCOT HEATH RACES-Tais DAY. WEIGIlS FOPI, Te VISrIORS' PLrATF& Onca rnrn-l ORDER Y Op BRu?BiB . 1.30-Sweepstakes of 5Dsovs. 2.0 -Visitors' Plate. 3.0 -The Cup. 3.30h11ndicap PLate. 4.15-New StaiLes. 4.4"St. James's Palace Stlees. 5.15-WindsorForest Stal}-es.
PFALMEM'S TRAL. : TO THE EDITOR OF TIE 13S. Sir,-A paragraphr,ing appeared in 4"ke 'inesaqectiAg the jury who tried Palmer's case, and =is-statingfacts,; beg totroubve you with a statement of what actually tok place on oirretirnment to consider our verdict. On reaching the room therewas a dead silence for abot 20 minuteS. A discussion of the facts that had been laid before as was then commenced, and it lasted for nbout 10 minutes, after which each 'man tool; pen and paper and wroto his decision andnamne, it having been sgreed that Do one should pronounce his opinion lest any other should re ceive a bias. The papers were then laid on the table; the foreman opened them and rea.d them aloud, 'when "Guityl" was found to be the unanimous verdict. An earnest conver. sation then ensued, having no relation to William :Plmer. This is a precise account of tho proceedings of the jury. It is very material to the dignity of justice and the juxy'a credit that it should be known that no portion of our time was spent in sham; that no hollow pretence to appear decorons on such a solemn occasion was resorted to. Our situation was too dreadful and too solemn to admit of humbug. It is quite untrue that we were absett along timefor the mere sake of appearances. Theiaccount you published must have been obtnined from one of the jury, though at second-hand. I claim the right of giving you direct:. full dA true accwunt, and sal1 bL obliged by your publishing it word for word. I beg to remain. Sir. sour obedient serrAnt. O-2; OF THE JTujY. June 10.
* THBG TEST FOR ShYCHZZA. TO THE EDITOFR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-So many inconsistencies and inaecuracies have lately appeared in the public paper respecting the discovery of strychnia inthedeadbodythatIthinkitrightto saythat there is not any material with which it can be rmixed in the animal body, or process of putrefaction that can in any Tay interfere wita its extractionand recognition. Tartar emetic, common salt, a little nitre,. bile, sugar, and a score of other things will destroyits reaction when the testsareperformed by those who are not acquainted with the principles of chymistry; but in the hands of the adept such diffEoulties are instantly overcome. As to the so-called fallacies of the colour tests for strychnia, these also are fallacies only whenthe tests areimproperly performed; but, to do away with all possibla sources of doubt and fallacy from the action of external reagents, I my state that the putting of a little strychnia with sulphuric acid, on apiece of platinum foil, then connecting the foil with the positive pole of a single cell of Grove's or Smee's battery and touching the acid with the negative pole, terminating in a piece of platinum wire, the violet colour so characteristic of strychnia is instantly produced. This mode of experimenting was suggested by the fact that the colour tests for strychnia are due to the action of nascent oxygen; and so delicate is the galvanic test that it will discover the presence of the 10,000th of a grain of strychnia; and besides this, its very nature is such as to do away with al possible sources of fallacy. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, HY. IsE1SEBR! Collego Laboratory, London ospital, June 1L
TO THE EDITOB OP THE TIL. Sir,-The defence in the case of Palmer and the whole of the subsequent proceedings to obtain a reprieve, are founrde on the assumption that " if strychnine wero admini*tered to Coek in his lifetima, it is now in his body and caii be detected by means that are infialible." A portion of the public appears to me to be led into error by this assumption, the fallacy of which has not been sufficiently explained. When strychnine, as a poison, isreceivedinto the stomach absorption takes place; the absorption may be more orless rapid, and a portion may or may not remain in the alimen. tary canal at the period of death. This appears to be admitted. By absorption the poison is received into the blood, it is carriea by the bloodvessels to the heart, and propelled, in admixture with the blood, by the heart with almost incredible rapidity to all parts of the body. When it reaches the nervous contres in sufficient quantityv it produces those totanic and other symptoms which result in death. The action of many poisons thus received into the blood is e:tremely rapid and transient, and they cannot remain long in tho blood. There are glands the office of which it i6, in fact, to separate'such substances from the blood, and they are accordingly more or less rapidly separated in the secretions, as the urine, the saiva, or the persDiration, and may be detected there. That strychnine is not an exception to this law is shown by the evidence of Mr. Herapath, who detocts it in the urine. In the case of Cook., who is to affirm that, while, on the one band, the poison was producing ita doadly effects on the nervons system, on the other it was not being separated into one or more of the secretions? On whatground can it be assumed that at the moment of death one particle remained inthe blood, or anyorgan or stracture, to tell its tale? Two grains of strychnine, if pure, are sufricient to produce its deadly effects. There is believed to bo about 25 lb. of blood in the adult human body; and the proportion in which strychnine continues to be detectable is variously stated by hr. Herapath and other witnesses at 1-20, OOtIL to 1-50,000th part of the substance operated on. If the whole of the assumed quantity of strychnine were absorbed at once, and were present, equally difftsed in the blood, at one instant, it would constitute, on these data, only 1-96,OOOh part of that flaid. But when foreign agents, as strychnine, are thus received into the blood by absorption the process is gradual, and as they reach the heart experience has shown they become irregularly diffused; so tbat if a part of the body only bo examined, that part may contain more or leas or none of the poison. The separation of the poison with the secretions is abnost as rapid as the absorption. How rash, then, must the assertion be that strychnine must be necessarily detectable in any particular organ, or in the bloDd of any organ, or in that obtained from any part of the body; or that it must certainly exist in the body after death. Professor Taylor has been assiled on the ground that the hypotheis of stychnine being decomposed in the body is an invention of his ownL Nothing can be more unjnst. The hypothesis, apart from its application to poisoning by strychninc, hasbenmaintained by thymisteandphysiologists of the highest character for many years. Itisavery general although not an exclusive doctrine that when foreign agents, such as strychnine, produce their effects on-tho living body the decomposition of a portion of the agent results. Liebig holds tnat the vegetable alkaloids (to which classof chymicalsubstanoes strychninebelongs), when received into the blood, are decomposed bythe action of the oxygen of the atmosphere. Although I think it is to be regretted that Professor Taylor relied exclusively on this explanation of the fact, that strychnine might not be detectable after death by its own agency, there is no ground for the accusation that this gentleman invented the bypothesis to serve a purpose. Thus, there aro three prominent physiological circumstances to which, taken separately or eonjointly, the fact may be attributed that strychnine was not discovered, and may not be discoverable, in the body of Coolk, although he was poisoned with that substance. L The too general diffusion of the poison over the mass of the solids and fluids of the body. 2. The decomposition of the poison either during its action in the tissues or during its circlation in the blood. 3. The elimination of a portion of the poison into one or more of the secretions. That Cook's system was under the in'dnence of antimony, a substance possessing the greatest activity in promoting several of the secretions, ought not to be overlooked. Those who take exception to the conviction in this cas say, " Firsb prove tha' a homicide has taken place," and "the detection of the poison is essential to the proof." There are many vegetable poisons as powerful and as portable as strychnine, for the detection of which, in the animal body, no tests have yet been discovered. Would it not be monstrous if our Legislature or our Courts were to adopt such a prindiple? The murderer need only select one of these in order to murder with impunity. In Cook's cae the proofs of the poisoning and the conviction of the pri* soner developed themselves par! p-ss from the beginning to thn end of the trial. HENflYY ANCELI, Formerly Ilecturer on Forensic 3!edicino at the School of Anatolly and efedicine adjoining St. George's HoToItal. 3, Norfolk-crescent, Eyde-park.
THE CoscT PALm.-Yesterday Sir George Gre.y, Secretary of State for the Home Department, o%s vaitea upon at the lIome-offioe by some of the pcrsons who promoted the meeting held at St. Martin's-hall, on Tuesday night, for the purpose of arresting Palmer's execation, The right hon. baronet was informed that the meeting had been held and that a deputation had been appointed to represent the feelings of the meeting to him, and they therefore requested him to name the timae when he wouId receire ths deputation. Sir George Grey, however, reiosea to receive any deputation on the subject, but said he would carefully per'se any documents that might bo forwarded to him, and that an immediate answer should be returned if one wa neoessary or requested. A.RIVALS AT CROVsrADT NZOM FOr.EIGN POL,7 -It appears from a despatch reveived by the Idverpool underwriters that 500 ressds have arrived at Cronstadt. sinea the re-opening of the Rlussian ports. The facilities for loading and unloWing, however, are much complained of.
THE BRITISH ARMY. (AporHoriof thofollowing appeared in our second edition a esrerday :-l (mOX OVA0 SPECIAL CDOREEPONDXiT.) CAMP BEPOR1E S}RARTOPOTh MAV 27T The process of disintegration is going on rapidly with our army. Afore than 1,000 horses and about I 2E,000 men have already been embarked, and each day witnesses the departure of a regiment. The health of the army continues to be excellent; indeed,-it would be somewhat surprising if there was any unusual amount of sickness armong the men, considering that they are placed under conditions most favourable to health. They have fresh and good meat five times a-week, good bread every day, and plenty of exercise, fresh air, and proper clothing. Their cookidng is much improved, thanks to the efforts of M Soyer, who really has done substantial service, not only,by instructing the men how to dress their victuals, but by furishing them with a most admirable, economic, and portable boiler, in which to conduct the operations of the cuiisive. These boilers have been in use in the kitchens of the following regiments:-The 3d Buffs, the 7th Fusileers, the 13th Regiment, the 17th Regiment, the 20th Regiment, the 21st Fusileers, the 23d Royal Welsh Fusileers, the 28th Regiment, the 30th Regiment, the 31st Regiment, the 41st Regiment, the 46th Regiment, the 47th Regiment, the 56th Regiment, the 57th Regiment, the 08th Regiment, the 90th Regiment, and the 97th Regiment. The Coldstream Guards have been using them since last September, and they are also adopted by tvo regiments of the Highland Brigade, by the 2d Battalion, Rifle Brigade, and by the medical officers of the hospitals of the Right and Left Wing of the Land Transport Corps. There was a paragraph in The Times recently respecting a correspondence between a Committee of Army Paymasters and Lord Panmure, which might lead one to believe that if the former had no worse grievances than they there complained of they were a highly fortunate class; but the fact is that there is a large proportion of the number of paymasters who are harshly dealt with, and those are the very men who have especial claims on the country. It is a fact that no less than 52 regimental paymasters have risen from the ranksthat is, about one-third of all the paymasters consists of men who have been non-commissioned officers, and who have been promoted to ensigncies, or have received commissions as quartermasters, on account of long and distinguiished services and good conduct. According to the present regulations, a paymaster with 17 years' service in the ranks, eight years' service as quartermaster or subaltern, and five years' service as paymaster, or a total of 30 years' service to his country, can only retire on " medical certificate," with the honorary rank of captain (or major, in certain cases pointed out in Lord Pasunure's reply), and with the -very small pay of 6s. per diem. A quarternnaster, an officer of inferior rank, wiith 20 years' service in the rauks and 10 years' service as quartermaster, has au absolzde rtght to retire after his 30 years' service on lOs. a-day, with the rank of captain; a subaltern, with 20 years' service in the ranks, and 10 years' a; subaltern, has also an absolute right to retire as a captain unattached. It seems very unreasonable that a paymaster alone should be debarred from the Privilecge of retirement after 30 years' service on the highest rate of pension, and that quartermnasters and subalterns should get as a right that which the paymaster is refused. A quartermaster or ensign from the ranks will eagerly accept the responsible post of paymaster, on the supposition that the increased rank will not be attended by any decided disadvantage, but what is his surprise vhen he learns that his past services in the ranks are to go for nothing, and that his services as a commissioned officer are calculated on a principle unknown ini its application to any other class of officers in the army! There are many other considerations which affect the position of paymasters who have risen from the ranks, but T shall be content for the present withi drawing attention to the subject, believing that it is worthy of investigation and redress, and that the officers exposed to the injurious operation of the existing rules deserve better treatment after their long and, in most cases, very meritorious services. SATURDAY, M ILY 24. The anuiiversary of Her Miajesty's birthday was observed vith great ceremony to-day, and was further rendered remarkable by the distribution of the French war medals to the English army. At 12 o'clock the men-of-war at Kamiesch and Kazatch hoisted the Royal Standard, and fired a grand salute, whichswas taken up by the Gladiator inside the roads of Sebastopol, and her heavy guns boomed with grand effect through the deserted streets. The Admiral, Sir H. Stewvart, had arrived under a salute of 14 guns the day before; and wvhen this second salute was heard some people imagined that Lord Gough had made his appearance, as we heard he had arrived in Constantinople. At 2.30 all the idlers in camp set off for the plains of Balaklava, where the troops had already precipitated thernselves in many brilliant streams from the edge of the plateau, and had taken up ground in a line upwards of two miles in length, from the scene of the heavy cavalry charge on the righ,lt to the rising ground near Canrobert's-hill onthe left. The Commander-in-Chief and the French Chief arrived -with tolerable punctuality. BTarshal Pelissier, in the full uiiform of a MIarshal of France, his breast glittering with orders, rode a large and sholwy jet black charger, richly caparisonied, and his appearance suggested a comparison with tha; of Sir NV. Codrington, who was attired in the ulldress of a general officer, and was mounted on a:small gray horse, scarcely to be distinguished from a pony. The Mairshal, who is by no means formed to be a good horseman, being very short and very fat, wvith legs of agreat thickness but little proportioned to their length, seemed rather tired before the march past was finished, wlhich is by no means tobe wondered at, consideling the frequency of sights of the kind which he has attended for the last three months. His Excellency's Staff was not large, but he had his usual escort of Hussars and Chasscurs d'Arique. Lieutenant-General Sir Hugh Rose was present with the Frenclh Head-quarter Staff. General Codrington was attended by the small detachment of the 11th Hussars who act as his escort on such occasions, and by a few Staff officers. MlajorGeneral WVindham, Chief of the Staff; Calonel Herbert, Quartermaster-General; Colonel Pakenham, Assistant-Adjutant-General; Colonel Blane, Military Secretary; Lieutenant-Colonel Curzon, Aide-de-Camp; Captain Hall, Aide-de-Camp; Lieutenant Colonel Hardinge; M1ajor Barnston; MTr. Romaine, Dr. Fowle Smith, Captain Vacher, andc others of the Head-quarters Staff were on the ground, and attended the ceremony. An unusual number of T. G.'s, as they are generally called, or travelling gentlemen, were present; and now that the siege is over, and that there is little to be seen, visitors begin to flock into the camp from England and the overland route, to the great misery of the baggagers and ponies. The troops were drawn up in the following order from right to left :-On a hillock in front of the extreme right 'Were placed the two signal gums; behind them were 12 guns of the Royal Horse Artllery, including Henry's or I troop, the foot artillery of the siege train, a few companies of Sappers and Aliners, the brigade of Guards, the i second brigade of the First Division, the Highland Division, the Second Division, the Third Division, (including Warren's brigade from Balaklava,) the Fourth Division, the Lght Division, and then 32 guns of the field artillery, including the heavy guns of Mlowbray's battery. The line was formed of contiguo;ts columns, at quarter distance. At the first gun which was fired, at about 2.40, the divisional Generals proceeded to distribute the medals to the select! few, the mode of doing so being left to each; so that some distributed the medals by the division ancd others by the regiments. The divisibns were formed in square, inside which were the (xenerals and Staff officers of each, dismounted and attended by the regimental Staff officers. M;arshal Pelissier and the French Staff and Sir W. Codrington entered the square of the Guards and assisted at the ceremony, and the Marshal, I believe, said a few word3 on the occasion to the officers around him. Lord W. Paulet, in distributing the medals to the Light Division, made a little speech which did not please some of his officers, for he was supposed to have said the men ought to prize the war medal more than that which they had received from their country. Lord Rokeby and General Barnard distributed the medals ir like nmanner to their men, the reason for the bestowal of the decorations being read out as each man stepped up to receive it, and the presentation being generally accompanied by a few kind words or some brief eulogy. The 56th Regiment received the medal. for valour and discipline in the trenches from the 29th August to 8th September. The S2d I believe did not receive the medal, as they came after the siege was over. The Highlanders had anticipated the ceremony, for they had ballotted for their share of the medals, and they had been presented with them by their Brigadier at Kamara the previous Saturday. It is a very pretty decoration of blue enamel and silver, the medal hanging from an eagle's claws, and the eagle itself being attached to the breast-riband. On the front of the medal there is a well struck effigy of the Emperor, and on the reverse are inscribed, within a vwreath of laurel, the words " Pour valeur et discipline." The proportion in which it has been given to the men is about one per cent., or seven to each regiment, and the officers here had great difficulty in deciding on the merits of the many candidates. The ceremony of presentation lasted about 20 minutes, and at 3 o'clock two guns were fired from the signal station. This was to annoimce that divisions were to re-form line, and get into originalposition. The movement of theheavy squares, as they unfolded and extended into line over the plain, was exceedingly grand and picturesque. As soon as they had formed in a line of contiguous columns, the guns on each flank of the line fired a Royal salute, and as soon as the smoke had cleared off, and the echoes had died away in the valleys of the Tchernaya, the third signal-a single gun-was heard, and Marshal Pelissier and General Codrington, with their Staffs, proceeded to move dowvn the line in front, from right to left, and at the same time the troops presented rms, the bands played " God save the Queen," and the colours of the regiments were let fly out in the gentle breeze. The effect of this sudden flash and glitter of 25,000 bayonets, and of the bright-coloured banners at marked intervals along the line, was very fine. As the Staff returned towards the right to take up their position for the march past, the fourth signal (two guns) was fired. This was "to take off hats, and give three cheers for the Queen." No doubt there was a surprising volume of sound from those 25,000 throats, opened all together, but the wind was adverse, and carried the acclamations awvay from us over towards- Mackenzie, where perhaps it put the Russians in mind of something they had heard once or twice before. All thespectators took off their hats and cheered also. The Generals returned to the right of the line, and took up their ground for the march past, which began from the right in the order of their formation in line. The General and his Staff, the Assistant Adjutants-General and their Deputies, the Assistant-Quiartermasters-General and their Deputies, rode in front of eachdivision. General Garrett, of theFourthDivision,was alone absent, ashe has not yet quite recovered from the effectsof the fall from his horse. Truth to tell, the marching past was not so good as usual, principally, it is said by the officers, because of tlhe ilnovations which the General introcluced of moving in qvick time in open ranks and vith sloped arms. 'lThis is, I fancy, Frrench rather thanEnglish, and the men are not accustomed to it, and strive involuntarily to close uip, and thlus break their order in line. The Scots Fusileers were played past by their new Highland pipers -an acquisition not in great favour -with the men. As the divisions marched past they proceeded homewards, and the vast plain of Balalava was covered w-ith patches of steel and red as the regiments in pictLresque disorder of march proceeded on their different routes to camp. In the evening General Codrington entertained all the Generals, Brigadiers, and heads of departments, Mledical Coninissariat, and Land Transport, to dmner, and I believe, Sir fHouston Stewart had an entertainment on board the flagship at Knamiesch. The gallant 28th, -under the command of (exBrigadier) Colonel Adams, C.B., marched down to Balaklava wvhile the presentation was going oni in the plain. MONDAY, MAY 26. A sirocco wind, which is still blowing, brought with it one consolation this morning-the mail with London letters and papers up to the 13th. However, there is no news relating to the al-my, and the fate of the Land Transpolt Corps is still presumied to be " under considleration" on the part of TlIr. Frederick Peel. The 4th Regiment will embark today, and the 44th will quit the Crimea to-morrow. A Russian engineer officer, who dined in my company last night, told us some interesting facts connected with the siege, which showed that there is the same jealousy between the various branches of the Russian service which exists in our own. Todtleben, u-ho is now at Cronstadt, where lie was summoned to superintend the defences, never could get men enough from Prince Gortschakoff to carry out his plans. The Russian engineers say Todtleben always predicted that the fall of the place would begin to be accomplished whenever they were obliged to abandon their counter- approaches, and that the exact moment of its occurrence then became a matter of calculation. The capture of the Cemietcry of the Quarantine by the French was regarded by the Russian General as a symptom of decadence, and hIe succeeded in inducing Gortschakoff to assault the French on three successive nights, in the hope of driving them out and recovering the lost ground; but these attempts failed, although the contest was so fierce that on the last niglht the works changed hands nine times, and the General would not renew the fight. Their last attack cost them 1,200 men. Todtleben is no' regarded as an engineer of scientific attaininents or originality of idea by officers of his own branch of the service, but he is admitted to possess great audacity, vigour, and enterprise. Their idols are officers whose names we never heard before. As a proof of the pressure of the siege upon the army, I was assured by an engineer officer that he had only 20 men allowed him to make the road to the Belbek from the north side. The bridge across that river is made of oak. which was brought into the Cririea with infinite pains and labour, and at an enormous expense. There is to be a railway from. Moscow to Odessa, 'with branches to Nicholaieff, Perekop, and Sebastopol. The common remark now is, " Where would you have been last year if we had had a railroad?" They evidently expect great results from their iron ways, but I regret to say that their eyes are turned rather to the military than to the social consequeinces of the introduction of this system into Russia. They are intent on a new armament of their soldiery,and ontheextensive introduction of the rifles with which the American manufacturers are largely supplying them. The Lidgerifle, madeby J. P. Malherbe,is their favouriteweapon,butit is rather expensive, and it was not easy to obtain supplies of these arms during the war. "Thepeacewillnotlast-inten years, ay, in two, we shall be very differently prepared from what we were." Like ourselves, they attribute to the valour of the private soldier and to his intrinsic excellence the lengthened defence of Sebastopol, and declare that they had no general with a spark of military genius, although 31enschikoff had a rapid eye and quickness of determination, and Gortschakoff is possessed of unshaken fortitude, resolution, and industry. To cheer up her soldiery and give them a little pleasant excitement after the monotony of the siege, Russia is about to organize a brisk campaign against the CirCassian tribes forthw,ith, and the surrender of Kertch and Yenikale will enable her very speedily to march troops to Anapa, and to reoccupy her old strongholds on the coast. The Russian officers inform us that Count Strogonoff, wvho commands at Simpheropol and in the Crimea during the absence of Count asten-Sacken, has issued the most stringent orders to prevent any person whatever passing Perekop southwards, on the ground that there is so much disease among the troops. There must be some reason of more significance for this injunction, which the Russians do not at all approve, inasmuch as they are anxious to view the scenes of their protracted struggles, aund the burial-places of their friends and relatives who fell during the war. Perhaps it is not considered expedient 'that they should see Sebastopol in its present condition. TuEsD.tY, MAEY 27. It began to rain soon after midnight, and it is now a deluge. The thermometer is at 60 deg., the sky black and overcast, and the camp is already muddy and sticky. The four companies of the ggallant 21st Fusileers have just passed on their way to take ship at Balal;ava, followed by a large dientele of acquaintances. They were cheered loudly on leaving the camp, and marched off in good spirits, with the band playing Amnie Laurie at the head of the column. The 47th will embark in the Imperatriz for Malta in the course of the day, under the command of Colonel O'Grady Haly, alnd thus the old Brigade of "the Fours," as it was called, or Adams's Brigade of the Second Division, is broken up, after meritorious and trying services. Just before they left a corporal named Rowland, who was on duty in Sebastopol, distinguished himself by plunging into the sea, all accoutred as he was, and saving the life of a soldier of the 28th Regiment, named Townson, who had accidentally fallen over the dock -wall ; and the letter of the Commandant of Sebastopol, detailing the circunistance, was put in regimental orders by the Colonel; but that was all that could be done to signify the sense entertained by the authorities of conduct which the time and locality rendered very praiseworthy. The Royal Humane Society could not better bestow one of its medals; and indeed, in addition to that claim upon them, there are the cases of Major Robertson, who saved a man from drowning at the races, and of Mr. Donald Campbell, the engineer of the railroad, who with great difficulty saved a Sardiniain soldier who had disappeared when bathing in one of the deep pools of the Tchernaya. 12 o'CLocK. The 47th Regiment are just marching from their deserted camping ground amid tremendous cheering from their old comrades of the brigade and the strains of AvIddLaig Syne. They will have their reminiscences of Crimean mud revived before they reach Balaklava.
GENERAL ORDERS. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, May 24. NO. 1. The 28th Regiment will embark in the Adelaide. The detachment of the 71st Regiment will embark in Her Majesty's ship Sidon. The Quartermaster-General wilt make the necessary arrangements. No. 2. Supernumerary officers and soldiers who remain in the Crimea, on the embarcation of the 28th Regiment, will he attached to the 44tlh Regiment. NYo. 3. The 18th and 44th Regiments will be attached to Brigadier-General Staunton's Brigade, 4th Division. No. 4. The 4th Regimenit will be attached to BrigadierGeneral 'Warren's Brigade, Balaldava, from the 26th inst.' inclusive. N o. 5. The undermentioned officers now serving upon the stafi, Will proceed to England, the force to which they are attached linxing been broken up :-Brigadier-General 1Ridley and Brevet-Major H. Browns, Mlajor of Brigade.l No, 6. The Slst and 5Gth Regfiments will he attached to the let Brigade, 1st Division. N o. 7. The umdermentioned officers, now serving upon the ! staff of this army will rejoin their reimentsforenbarcation.-Colonel Adams, C.B., 28th gisent; Captain Gregory, 2d Battalion, R'oyal Regiment, Aide-de-Camnp. No. S. Adverting to General Order No. 4, dated the 13th of November last, agreeably to further instructions received from the Secretary of State for War, the issue of fuel and light to servants of officers of the Royal Engineers is allowved only to such servants for whom the pecuniary allowvance for sen-nuts is net granted, aud also at such stations only at wvhich fuel and light are allowred for the servants of other officers. I No. 9. The following officer has joined the staff of this army, Commissariat and Staff:-Commissariat ClerkThornas lissick, from May 16. No. 10.-Assistant-Surgeon R. Ferguson, 95th Regiment, I being in medical charge of his regiment, may draw field allowance and forage as a surgeon, from the 13th of May. No. 11.-In accordance vith General Order No. 1, of the 26th of April, 1856, forage may be drawn for the following officers' horses :-Brevet-Major Elton and Surgeon Fassons, 55th Regiment, for one horse each. No. 12.-Leave of absence is granted to-Lientenant. Colonel J. Hlort, 4th Regiiment, to the 30th of Septemter; Captain Coulson and Captain Hon. W. Forbes, Grenadier Guards, to the 31st of July; and Paymaster Thompson, SSd Regiment, to the 31st of August, during whose absence, and on whose responsibility Lieutenant Johnson, 33d Regiment, will act as Regimental Payma, ter. No. 13. Sergeant Irvin, Royal Sappers and Miners, is appoinited pay-sergeant to the detachment stationed at Ecutari, with extra pay at ls. a-day, from the 8th of April. No. 14. Sergeant Thomas Wall, 1st Dragoon Guards, is appointed Deputy Provost-Marshal, with pay at 4s. 9d. a-day, nice Sergeant Burke, 12th Lancers, from the 18th of May No. 15. The following soldiers are appointed clerks in military departments:-Sergeant Michael M'Donald, 45th| Regiment, at 2s. a-day; vice Sergeant Shaw, 30th Regriment, from May 21; Sergeant B. Tristram, 48th Regiment, at the Post-office, Read-quarters, at 2s. a-day, from April 13. By Order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. GEINERAL AFTER ORDER. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, May 24. The Commander of the Forces publishes the following :_ "The Lords Commissioners of th" Adrmiralty, iny an. nouncing to the fleet the termination of hostilities with Russia, and the ratification of a definite treaty of peace, desire to express to the flag officers, officers, petty officers, seanien, and Royal Marines of Her llajesty's ships, the high sense which they entertain of the distinguished services of the navy during the war. " The zeal and alacrity evinced by the volunteers who came forward, on the summons of their Sovereign to man the fleet, have only been equalled by the cheerful obedience to discipline, and the galantry and devotion in action manifested by all ranks. My Lords wish also to record the satisfaction with which they havo witnessed the generous spirit of rivalry displayed by all classes in Her Majesty's fleet while acting in concert with Her Majesty's army on shore, and with the military and naval forces of her allies. " They trust that the recollection of the late honourable campaign will serve to strengthen the good feeling and fellowship which have alwaysexisted between the navy andthe army; and that the sentiments of mutual respect and esteem produced by thme occurrences of the wrar between those who have taken a part in its toils and its dangers, will materially contnbute to the maintenance of peace anong thenations of Europe. My Lords desire youwill instruct the officers in commandof HerM3ajesty's ships and vessels under your orders to read this -nemorandum to their respective shiip's companies. "By command of their Lordships, "HR. OSBOR-Nxg:' This memorandum will be read with satisfaction, particularly by those who, having embarked at Varns in September, 1854, witnessed the assembly and arrangement of the fleet at Baltehik, its passage across the Black Sea, and the successful landing of the army on the coast of the Crimea. At the Battle of the Alma the wounded were removed in safety to the fleet by the exertions of the navy. It shared the first attack upon the forts of Sebastopol; and, while its operations at sea were of vital importance against theenemy at Kerteb, Kinhurn, and in the Sea of Azoff, the Naval Brigade on shore was constantly engaged in the batteries of the siege, both in the right and the left attacks. In bringngto recollection those duties so well performed by the navy, the Commander of the Forces believes that he only gratifies that community of good feeling which exists be. tween the naval and military service. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, May 25. No. 1. Detachments of the Royal Artilery, to be detailed by Lieutenaut-General Sir Richard Dacres, E.C.B., will embark in the Argo, and Hydaspes. The 47th Regiment will embark in the Thames. The QuartermasterGeneral will make the necessary arrangements. No. 2. Superanumerary officers and soldiers who remain in the Crimea, on the embarcation of the 47th Regiment, will be attached to the 49th Regiment. No. 3. The following officers, being in commnand of companies, may draw field allowance and forage as captains:Lieutenants R. Cooper and A. Butter, 93d Regiment, from the 4th of May. No. 4. Leave of absence is granted, until his retirement from the service, to Lieutenant M. M'Leod, 42d Regimient. No. 5. The foUowing soldier is appointed clerk in a military department :-Sergeant D. Barclay, 42d Regiment, at Is. 6d. a-day, vice Sergeant R. 3'Crie, 92d Regiment, from the 23d of May. By order, C. A. WINDHAY, Chief of the StaiL Read-quarters, Sebatopol, May 26. No. 1. The regimental promotions and appointments, published by authority in the London Gazette of the 9th of May, 1856, will take effect in this army fromtheir respective dates. No. 2. The Field Marshal Commanding in Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence ntil the arrival of his regiment in England, to Iajor Dennis,- 95th Regiment. No. 3. General officers commanding Divisions will cause the huts in their camps to be surveyed by the AssistontQuartermaster-General of the Division and an officer of the Royal Engineers. The best of the large pannelled huts, except hospitals, are to be selected, whether now occupied or not, to be taken to pieces immediately, and forwarded by di isional transport and Royal Artilery waggons to a depot attheCoL No. 4. The order for the embarcation of the 47th Re"iment in the Thames is cancelled. No. 5. Lieutenant Neville, Royal Engineers, Aide-deCamp to Lieutenant-General Sir H. Barnard, X.C.B., will proceed to Corfu. No. 6. The following officers being in command of companies, may draw field allowance and forage as captains:Lieutenant Manners, 1st Battalion, 1st Regiment, from the 1st of May; Lieutenant Oakes, 1st Battalion, 1st Regiment, from the 10th of May. No. 7. Leave of abssnce is granted to Major Macdonald, Land Transport Corps, to the 10th of June; AssistantSulrgeon J. Wyatt, Coldstream Guards, to the 30th of September. No. S. A medica1 board wil assemble to inquire inta the state of health of Lieutenant W. L. Taylor, Royal Artillery. The principal medical officer will be pleased to give the necessary directions. By order, C. A. WINDIAM, Chief of the Staff.
CIVIL SEIW-ICE .EXAAfINATIOgS. AIN7ECDOTES COYNECTED l'IT1L HLSTORY AND THE BRELLES LErTTREs, CULLED FOR THE USE OF CANDIDArES FOP. i TilE CIVIL SEIIVICE. (F.Tn P-,n7, I YTout tat herdit Jors t'.howneur"' was the stern but pathetic ejaculation of Sir Thomas More as he spurredfuriously across the plains of Piiardy, in the Santissima Trinidad, three-decker, after the disastrous fight of Rocroi. mrs. Hannah More is well known to have greatly assisted Crebillon in the composition of his celebrated E.sprit des Zois. Hence she is generally styled " the mother of the inodern Gracchi." Harold the Great, at the battle of Zutphen, seeing Sir Philip Sidney spit in the face of Marshal Saxe, who was borne by wounded in a litter, exclaimed " Poor fools, they would do the samie to their own generals for sixpence." Charles V, of Germany, st the siege of ~Leyden, observing the women assist in making ammunition, serving the rDutch cannon, and even converting their luxuriant tresses into percussion caps for the pikemen, exclaimed, with a terrible oath, "NVon X nyl sedAngci forent si essent Chris- On few subjects are so many absurd stories told as about the origin of the Order of the Garter. The facts are really these:- Mrs. Barbauld was supposed to have made a deep impression on the ssceeptible heart of James I., so mach so, that his sainted wife, Diana, of Poitiers, suffered the most cruel pangs of jealousy on account of her husband's colduess to erseif. At a ball given to the Spitalfields Weavers by the Great Duke of M1arlborough, at his princely mansion in Shoreditch, the King was waltzing with the fair Socinian, when Dugueselin, then a prisoner in England on parole, observing the lady's garter fall to the ground, picked it up, and presented it to her with a significant smile. The monarchl snatched it from the grinning Frenchman, observing, quite loud enough for the Qaeen to hear, Ssmper codema (or it's ll thcm psne), words which have become the notto of the proudest badge of chivalry in Europe. Nelson had a great contempt for Titus Oates, who was his commanding officer at Lepanto. " Fool !" he said when his Admiral's timid orders were conveyed to him, " Did he never snuffa candle xith his fingers ?" "It hath always seemed to me that there is no foolisher conceit than that of one of whom you have borrowed a tester, who shall say on payment being tendered, 'Tasb, I had forgot the debt'-his pabn itching, the wvhile for the coin. If this be reant for good manners, methinks it is but shallow courtesv."-Bacon's AoloheXn21s. Boadicea, at Bunker's-hill, was unhelmed by one of the Pope's Swiss Guards. Bishop Porteous picked up her casque, and offered it to her on the point of his sword-:for which act of courtesy she only bestowed a buffet on the prelate's check, while she swore that " a Douglas (of which proud house she was a scion) ever loved better to hear a bird sing than a mouse squeak." "The worshipful Sir Digby Somerville did keep a bonntiful house full ever of brave company at his seat in Suffolk. At one time among Isis guests did happen a young gentleman from the Court, wvhose apparel was more garnished with lacings and gold than his brain witlh tnodesty or wit. One time going into the fields -with his host, they did espy a comely miilk maiden wvith her pail. ' Prythee, Phillis,' quoth the courtier, leering the wilvle at the girl, 'an I give thee a kiss, wilt thou give me a draught of thy -ware.' ' In the meadow,' quoth she, 'thou wvilt find one ready to give tihee milk, and glad of thy kiss, for she is of thy kin.' The Court gallait looked in the inead, and espied a she-ass, 'So sharp, fair rustic,' quoth he, angrily, ' thou lookest as if thou conldest barely say, Bo to a goose.' ' Yea, that can I, and to a gander also.' Whereat she cried out lustily, 'Bo !' The young nman hastened away, and the wvorshipful Sir Digby did laugh heartily, and entertain his guests with the tale ?"-Booke of lcrmrie Jestes, 1609. Richard II. wvas very popular w.ith the London citizens on account of his abolishing the window-tax. On one occasion, as the monarch was proceeding to the Opera in a Hansom cab, the aldermen, preceded by their mace bearer, surrounded their King, exclaiming, " God bless your gajesty and the Church. WVe hone youir Majesty is for Dr. Sacheverell." These happy shonts disturbed the v-indictive mind of Colonel Blood, who wvas in attendance on his Royal master. He swore vengeance at the slight offered to his own faith (for he was a bigoted Baptist), and at the Battle of Sberriffmuir he slewr King Richard as the chivalrous snonarch was in the act of lighting his cigar from the fusee of an unexploded bombshell. Not in vain did WValler sing that,, A favonrite has no friends." Henry the Seventh was *vell known to have been a sad scapegrace in his youth. On one occasion his father, John of Gaunt, locked hiba in the buttery hatch as a punishment for some wild freak. The etou7rdi young Prihce resolved to annoy lis Royal sire, and availlmg hnimself of "timehonoured Lancaster's" wvell-knoNwn and bitter hatred of Jolm Wilkes, then in the zenith of his popularity with the disaffected Londoners, he screamed down a call-pipe which communicated -with the Banqueting-hall of the Palace, " Wilkes and 45 for ever !" alluding to the number of that demagogue's journal, which contained a most scurrilous attack upon the Court. For this offence Judge Gascoigne commuitted the Prince to the Tower. On hearing his sentelee the hot-hcaded heirapparent smote tbe aged Judge on the eye. "Happy," said the King, "' thrice happy amu I to have a Judge so fearless as to send my son to prison, and a son so wise as to black my Chief Justice's eye for his pains." This famous episode gave rise to Mlilton's screaming farce of Mi Pcnsscroso, in which Garrick won such laurels as Va' Pamm.tos.s. It was not Cleopatra, as erroneously stated by Niebuhr, but Scipio Africans, who on crossing the Rubicon to attack Brennus, addressed his troops in the well-known words, "Perdidi dienm." "Of allvulgar errours I know nono soe great as that wihich bath passed into a proverb of the hardness of a board-' Hard as aboard,' quotha, Go to, fool! Is aught so soft as that Board which did send an old woman to knock down stone waills, and thea marvelled that man>s work was not done by a beldame."-Sir Thomas Browne (Sir James Graham's edition). When Cromwell's daughter, Lady Rachel Russell, was on her deathbed, she bitterly reproached her father with the massacre of St. Bartholoinew. He replied wvith this heartlessjest, IBi Si sarance suirer mnoi; si je rgese, toes 7noi; si je sneurs, renyez 7 1not " Cromwell never used the Royal arms, nor any modification of them, as his signet. His favourite seal was a tricoloured carnelian presented to lhim by Cardinal MWezzofauti. The device was the head, of WVashington trampling ona serpent, and thme motto was, "Stat notmini umbra." "
THE DANUBIAN PBIACILTLTIB. -- ----- (piEom O(U OWN- COEISPONTEm-T .) BUCHARItST, 3'- S. There appears to be scarcely a doubt that General Coronini, his staff, and a large portion of the Austrian army of occupation will leave the Principalities at the end of the present month, their departure, which was not to have taken place until the middle of June, having been accelerated. There will then remain two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry in Wallachia, and a similar force in Moldasa, consisting of-wvaggon train, &c., includeda carps d'arinie of 20,000 men, each Austrian infantry regiment being about 4,000 strong. It. is not known when these are to leave, but it is commonly reported that they will remain until the month of September, and this is the expectation of the troops themselves. In the convention of the 14th of June, 1854, it was stipulated that the Austrians should evacuate the provinces as soon as possible after peace was concluded. But the wording of the clause was such as to afford loopholes for evasion and procrastination. Lord Palmerston's speech of the 6th inst. has raised fresh hopes of prompt evacuation. "A As the Principalities are close to the Austrian frontier," said his Lordship, "it of course follows that their evacuation will take place long before that of the Crimea or of the Turkish territory near lConstantinople." Neither the proceed- ings of the Austrians nor the expectations here' generally entertained are in accordance -with this prediction. In 12 days two months wi17 have elapsed since the signature of the treaty of peace, which was the signal for the allies to commence moving from the Crimea; and, as regards the possibility of the whole of the AustLians having already cleared out of the Principalities, and of their still doing so, were they so inclined, within a fortnight from this date, there can be no reasonable doubt. Upon -what pretext, then, should 20,000 men pass the summer in a country to the safety of vwhich their further stay is manifestly and completly unnecessary? ISomething has been said about apprehended disturbances should they at once depart, and strong efforts have been made here-to get representations of such apprehensions put forward bytradesmen and others at Bucharest, efforts however which signally failed. The desire to get rid of the Austrians proved stronger than Government influence. If fear of popular commotions be really seriously advanced as a motive for the coutinuance of the present foreign occupation, assuredly no tore shallow and unfounded pretence was ever resorted to. Whatever are the alarminigrnmours which it may be thought expedient to propagate here or in Vienna, there is no more chance of disturbances in the Principalities when the Austrians go than there wouild be of tumults in London if the Guards -were withdrawn from the parks and despatched to country quarters. Eflervescence there possibly may bethe effervescence of joy at the departure of an army that has done so much to oppress, annoy, and irritate the peaceable and harnless population upon which it was thrust. It would not surprise me if bonfires were lighted and Bucharest illiuninated when the last of the wvhitejackets are seen to march away. There are persons who think that this pleasant sight is still to be long deferred, and that pretexts will be found for keeping Auistrian troops here until spring. One of those now alleged is that they cannot abandon their sick; but surely a company or two would suffice for hospital guards, were such necessary. The general opinion is, that the army will not go until the end of August or, beginaing of September-that is to say, a month or two before the last of the allies are bound to have quitted Russian and Turkish territory. This, however, woiuld be a species of trifling wvhich it is difficult to think wouldc be tolerated by the other contracting Powers. I j understand that the ALstrians now about to depart rejoice, and that those who remain envy their comrades. The officers inveigh against the inhabitants, and declare they can do nothing with their men, spread in billets among a people whose contact is corruption. It is certain thiat the discipline of these troops is at present bad, and that their officers have little control over them, and I have heard it repeatedly asserted that they are afraid of their men. Be this true or not, they assuredly are very unsuccessful in repressing the disorders and excesses of the soldiery. As regards the satisfaction with which they quit their present quarters, it is not to be compared to the delight with wvhich their unwilling hosts will witness their departure. They are detested; and it is to be feared they have given but too much cause for the feeling. If it were sought to throw these provinces into the arms of Russia, no better means could be devised than a prolonged Austrian occupation. Previous occupations may have been more onerous to the country, but none have been so odious. The Russians and Turks pressed hard upoII the inhabitants in respect of transport; the Austrians, having an excellent and ample waggon train, have had little occasion to use the means of conveyance possessed by the peasant, and for the damage or loss of which, when pressed into military service, he is often but il comipensated. But other means of vexation and annoyance have been foumd and practised. The Austrian soldier, not a very urbane and amiable person at the best of times, has acquired in Hungarian and Italian garrisons the habit of living as in a conquered country, and carries with him, wheresoever he goes, the same insolent deporthent and predatory habits. Sent on a friendly mission of protection to these provinces, his sojourn inthem has been marked by brutality and violence; his exactions have been unwarranted and unreasonable, and to harsh words and sharp menace he has often added hard blovws. Early in the present year a letter from Bucharest, in Tlw Times, gave fiull details of a number of murders, robberies, and other ouhtages committed by Austrian soldiers in Wallachia. It is unnecessary to mnltiply instances; or this might easily be done to an extent inconvenient to your columns, by reference to the police archives of this province and of Moldavia. The arrival of Austrian troops in a Moldavian orl allachian towvn is a signal of dismay, for the taking up of quarters is rarely unattended by more or less of violence. Thus, on the 8th inst., 800 men entered Galatz and were billeted on the inhabitants. Before they had well occupied their quarters half-a-dozen complaints were made to the civic authorities by householders of the place, who exhibited *voundsand otheriumistakeablemarks of ill-treatment, and such comnplaints continued the next day. One man had his head broken, another had a swordcut on the hand. Making large allowances for exaggeration, admitting that cases occur when public rumour reports persons killed who have not even been dangerously hurt, there still can be no doubt that the crimaes and offences committed by the Aistrians in these provinces have been very numerous; that there have been a great many murders and robberies, to say nothing of minor aggressions upon the persons and property of the people; and that the means of repression employed and thie punishments iniflicted have been alike inadequate-the latter, in fact, in most instances a mere moc-kery. There has been no attempt at making an example; not a single capital punishment has taken place, although crimes have not been wanting that would filly have justified, and even loudly cal for it. Betveen the upper classes in the provinces and the Austrian officers there is less aversion than between the lowver orders and the soldiers. The officers are not entirely excluded I from society, but there is no cordiality of feeling towards them. They know they are disliked, but they have apparently made no efforts to lessen a feeling the consciousness of the existence of whichcan hardly* be pleasant. The chief blame attributedto them is, that they are unable or unwilling to curb the excesses of their men. Although there is no overt reason for the permanlancehere of an armythedeparture of which isgreatly to be desired as a relief to the people, a covert one is not difricult to trace in the moral influence which Austria hopes thus to exercise in the present peculiar circumstances of the country. Up to this date we are in a state of profound ignorance on those most important questions-questions which now absorb the thoughts of all politicians here, and the solution of which is looked for with the utmost anxiety. The period of assembly of the special commission to re-organize the province3, the composition of the Divans ad hoc, and the nature of the Government to be installed at the expiration (now only 24 days distant) of the powers of the present Hospodars, are the uppermost topics of the day ;but few are willing to hazard even a conjecture on any one of these subjects, so doubtful and environed with difficulties do they all appear. As regards the commission, it has been for some time past understood, at Constantinople as well as here, that it would not commence its labours until the Austrians went; and Lord Palmerston's explicit and positive declaration did but confirm the general belef. The Austrian presence would unquestionx ably operate as a check oni Ifriedon: of election-Dr. that genuine expression of the pubEc will which i' sought to be elicited, and -which is indispensable i the re-organization of the country andumuch needed revdoa Of the reig!emenf or.qanique are to be'so carriecloutus to fulfai the wishes of the people of the Principalities, and of the Powers that interest them-. selves in their future welfare and permanent tranquilEty. For the settlement to be final it mustba free; and it is all-important that those whose inves- tigations and report will doubtless forn its basis * should have placed before them (to -enable them to form their opinions and frame their suggestions) evidence uninfluenced either by steel or by gold, by the terror of Austrian bayonets, or the corrupf' manceuvres of persons interested to prevent their getting at the truth. N'ow, it is most desirabl2k that the commission should speedily get to work. An end should be put, as quickly as possible, to the present unse ttled and dangerous state of things, and' a feeling of the necessity of this is very strong here. On. aU sides is heard the expression of intense anxiety for the early assembling of the commissioners, coupled, however, with many fears lest the intrigues that are going on to prevent their arriving at soiund conclusions should prove successful, and with a general admission that the presence of the commission should be contingent on the absence of the Auistrians. These being the views of all who ara not interested in opposing every reform in the government and institution of the Principalities, - surprise is felt that the Austrians should be allowed to delay their departure-to be at once a.- nuisance to the people, and (yet more important) an impediment to political reorganization. The allies are not bound to clear out of Turkey and the Crimea in less than s;c months, but the number of their troops and the vast amount of ordnance, munitions of war and stores of every kind that they must transport to distances of from 10 to 20 days' voyage, render a. long delay indispensable. The case of the Austrians is totaUy different. They have not been quartered in countries whither they had to convey everything, except water, requisite for human existence, andwyhere they were compelled to accumulate imnminse stores for fear of possible disasters and deficiencies. They have been living comfortably, at something not very unlike free quarters, in the towns aud villages of Wallachia and MIoldavia-residences wlhich may appear outlandish enough to those who judge of them from a distance, but wvhich I cal assure you are far more desirable than either a Crimean hut or a Scutari or Alaslac barrack; their baggage is compact; theirl |transport abundant, their country near at hand; they might pack; up and be off almost in the soundingc of a bugle. Of the allied army it may also be said that six months are not at all too long a time to retain some portion of it in Turkey, as a check upon those disturbances and conflicts only too likely to occur wheit it departs, and for theprevention of which some think it would be but prudent to retain an army of occupation.. But, as regards the Principalities, I mast repeat, that not a shadow of any such necessity exists. The lower orders will be too overjoyed to get rid of the Austrians to trouble themselves about politics-which they at no time understaa I or trouble themselves much, about-and those who might lead them into mischief have no revolutionary intentions, but trust to obtain the desired reforms by peaceable means and by the aid of the comnnission,-not a few of them placing, too, as I find, great confidence in Lord Stratford's exertions on their behalf. It is here considered most fortunate-in fact, a saving clause-that the representatives of the contracting Powvers at Constantinople are to have, agreeably with Lord Clarendon's proposal in the Paris Congress, a voice in the provisions of the firnian convoking the Divans ad hoe, to the extent of seeingr that it is " so framed as to provide for the entire execution of the article which determines the composition of those assemblies." But for this most jt dicious clause it is the firm conviction of all who bave had opportunities of noting the magical effect of Danuibian ducats upon Constantinople councils, that the divans in question woould be meremockeries, utterly ineffectual for the end for which they are to be formed; and that, instead of " constituting the most exact representation of the interests of all classes of society," they wouldc serve but to forwara the ambitious designs of a selfish and unscrupulous cabal. As it is, and with every precaution, the composition of these divans is replete vwith difficulties. Great vgilance and foresight will be necessary to prevent their being paeked wwith the cmp7oyjs and other partisanls of the present system. In fact, the mode in which the election of their members is to take place, so as to preclude illicit influence, is a puzzle which will tax the ingenuity of the Turkish Cabinet and its foreign advisers. The population of the Principalities may le broadly classed iunder tlhree heads-the boyards or nobility; the commercial class (which is smalL and composed in great part of foreigners); and the peasantry-wihoare, in fact, serfs. But the term nobility" here requires explanation. A distinction is to bemade betweenthe great boyards, from whom the Price rmust be elected, and who have the monopoly of all the great offices of State, and the mass of those of inferior ranks whose nobility is purchased for a bag of ducats or bestowed wholesale with a political object. The plebeian who has accumulated a little money deems it a good investment to expend part of it in the acquisition of a rankl (or rather an emancipation), which exempt him from certain disagreeable liabilities, such as the capitation tax, imprisonment for debt, and corporal puni.tnnent. Wltho would not live in a country where, for a few score of pounds sterling, once paid, lie may defy the tax-g-atherer and the bailiff, run i:t debt with impunitv as long as he can find credit, and be noble to boot-such nobilitv as it is? Sometimes, for purposes which are not declared, but w-hich are a secret to none, it is deemed advisable to proceed to a wvholesale creation of these pseudonobles. This has lately been done to a very larg3 extent. It is customary early in each year to confer a certainamount of rank and advancement, but suclh a batch of fresh-baked boyards as has lately been turned out in NVallachia, is unparalleled in the courtly annals of the province. Several hundrel have already been made and the manufacture proceeds. With the exception of Government employis, who are let off wvith the fees, all these promotions are duly paid for, so that the operation is at once ptrofitable and politic. I'he flowv of coin into the State coffers is particularly convenient at a moment when extraordinary expendituire abroad has been found expedient, and the adherenea of the newvly made nobles to the present order of things is strengthened and confirmed. It is to be observed that in this cointry, the social arrangementsof wvhich contrast sostranegly withthose of the European nations, no tiers ctat or middle class can properly be said to exist. The inferior and numerous division of the boyards, -which is to be reckoned by tens of thousands, does not, as night be expected, constitute it. The very idea of a middle class may be sought here in vain, and the thing itself is only to be created by abolishing the ranks and privileges now so easily purchaseable, and often so improperly bestovwed. Society'w ill then find its own natural divisions. The real nobility of the country, the men of family and terri- torial possessions, will form the aristocracy; and the petty boyards, who cling to the present system because they think they would be nothing if stripped of their factitious rank, w.ill compose a middle class, consisting, as elsewvhere, of traders, professional men, and small proprietors. But it is to be remarked that while among the scions of the hiaher nobility manymen are to be found whoseaspirationstendto ant equalization of rights and to the elevation and improvement of the lower classes of their countrymen, a large proportion of the small wbkaesse, whose patent3 are due to a purse of money, support the present vicious system. Some are ernploy&s, others hope to be so in their turn, others dread to sink int: nothingness if deprived of their rank and privileges, or cherish ambitious hopes of ultimate admissioa among the great boyards. The crmplobnania, the rage for Government employment, is as strong here as in Spain. This may appear singular whensWe remark that, -while within the last 20 years the price of everthing-houserent, provisions, and aU the neessaries of life-^has actually trebled itself, the salaries of cmp9oyfs have remained stationary. A dwellinghouse which less than 20 years since wouli have cost 36 dacats a-year now lets for 100. Arlicle3, of food have risen in at least a like proportion. NoT corresponding augmentation has been extended to the Government servant. Bat he finds means of repairing this neglect, and not onlly of living but-of hoarding. Eie seldom retains his post more thau. three years; but when he leaves itto make vray:for. some liunOry expectant he is considered afooli.f hM
THE OVERLAND MAIL. [The following appeared in oar second edition of yeoterday :-] (PBOM OUR OWN CORRPONDET.) ALE_XANDRIA, MAY 31. The Bombay mail of May 12 arrived at Suez on the 29th inst., and the Calcutta mail of May 4 is telegraphed as having arrived at Suez yesterday. The following extract is taken from the summary of the Bouzbeay Tirnes of May 12:- " The universal prevalence of peace and prosperity throughout India leaves scarcely an incident of interest to chronicle in our columns. WIe are now in the mnidst of the hot weather, with all its listlessness and languor, but with fortunately every appearance of an early rionisoon. The disturbances along the line of the Bombay Railway, never serious, have now become quieted. An outrageous robbery, near a Baroda frontier town, where British merchants were plundered of 10,0001. worth of property, is very likely to hasten on the extinction of that State. "MiNIatters proceed tranquilly in Oude. SirJames Outram left Calcutta by the Bentinck for Suez on the 4th May. General Low, Military MIember of Council at Calcutta, and the Hon. Mr. Lumsden, Senior Member of Council, Bombay, are among the passengers. The Governor-General remains at Calcutta. " There is no change in our money-market. The demand for goods of British manufacture is limited. The cotton-market has been active. Exchanae has declined, and freights are steady, tonnage being readily taken up." The steamer fiom Bombay has brought a very largo cargo of China goods for England. Trade m Alexandria is very dull, the lowness of the Nile preventing produce from being brought down, and our exchanges have consequently risen to 100X pinstres per pound sterling. Saidl Pasha, the Viceroy, proceeds to sea this afternoon in his steam yacht, the Faid Gihaad, for a cruise of a fewl days. COMAMRCIAL INTELLIGEINCE. BOMBAY MARKETS, TrtOm TiiE 25TH OF APRIL TO THE 11TH OF MAY. The banks have reduced their rates of interest one por rent. all round. A slight improvement in Government and ether securities is observable. Imports.-In the cotton piece goods market the transactions have been very limited, there being, contrary to what s usnal at the season of the year, little demand for any deccription of mnanufactured goods. The prices of gray goods have declined. Bleached Goods.-There is no improvement in value, Scveral sales of mulls have been effected at very low prices. All descriptions of bleached goods, with the exception of satin spots, which are in fair inquiry, are difficult to put off. Of fancy goods, dhoties alone are in fair inquiry Cotton Yarn.-Mule has been somewhat sought after, and business has been done to a limited extent at advanced rates. Dyed mule, both orange and Turkey red, dull. Metals, though in tolerable request, have scarcely realized former rates. ExPORTS. Cotton Wool.-The market has been active, and prices have advanced slightly, and we now quote 100r. for Broach and Surat, 95r. to J6r. for Dhollera. Oil Seeds.-In linseed nothing has been done, and our quotations are purely nominal. Teel is scarce and has advanced. Ni-er is scarce, and rape has advanced. Sheep's Wool.-The stock is reduced and prices remain fi-M Freights.-Tonnage is readily taken up, and we quote to Liverpool, 41. 5s. to 41. 74s. 6d.; and to London, 2s. (;d. per ton lower. Exchange has fallen to 2s. l*d. for first class paper; and local credits and documients have gone at 2s. 1,'d. to 2s. 11d.; on C.lcutta, Court bills, 99 r.; China, 60 days'sight, 221r.; hadras, 30 days' sight, U9jr.
THE LATE GOVERNOR-GEINERAL OF INDIA. Mr. Danby Seymour, M.LP., has obtained a copy of a minute by the Marquis of Dalhousie, dated February 28, 1856, reviewing his administration in India from January lS4S to March 1856. This, as may be supposed, is a most Interesting document, and bears signal testimony to the maerits of the noble marquis's brilliant administration of our Oriental empire. In the space of 45 pages his Lordship gives a succinct history of the late wars, the foreign relations of India, and of its finances, trade, and public works. The style in which the noble marquis speaks of the Sikh (the second) war is truly Cesarean :-" The Government," he writes, " put forth its power, and after a prolonged cam2 aign and a struggle severe and anxious the Sikhs were utterly defeated and subdued, the Aifghans were driven with igrominy throiugh the mountains, and the Punjab became a British province." Alluding to tho Bur. nmse war the ex-Governor-General says :-" The Governmnent of India despatched a powerful expedition to Pegno, and within a few weeks the whole coast of Bormah, with nll its defences, was in our possession." Forbearance, after this, having proved fruitless, " the British troops, at the end of 1852, took possession of the kingdom of Pegue, and the territory was retained, in order that the Government of India might hold from the Burmese State both adequate compensation for past injury and the best security against future danger." His Lordship adds, it may be safely msid, that there seems no quarter from which formidable war can reasonably be apprehended at present. Hie observes that, as regaTds the internal tranquillity of India, " no man can presume to warrant its continuance 'with certainty for a day," but, regarding the frontier raids as no more interruption of peace than the street brawls of everyday occurrence in London are regarded as indications of civil war, his Lordship hopes <'he is guilty of no presumption in saying that he shall leave the empire at peace, without and wiithin." The general revenue of India has increasedfrom26f,OOO,OOOl. to3O,OOO,OOOl., and the income of this year, exclusive of Oude, is estimated at the same amount. The main resources of revenue are not less productive than before, and the increase which has gradually and rapidly taken place in the external trade of India snay be denmonstrated by the most satisfactory statistics. " These and other facts," motlestly writes the 3noble marquis, " wonld seem to promise well for the financial prosperity of the country." His Lordship then adverts t;o prison discipline and education in India, wvhich have both aLtely received a large measure of consideration and development. The latter till of late years had made but languid progress, but the system of the late Mr. Thomason has been attended with signal success, and vernacular schools have jbeen established very extensively. The education of Indian women has not been lost sight of. The Marquis of Dal. housie finally recapitulates the progress of great measures of national improvement, such as railways, uniform postage, and the electric telegraph, besides reviewing the general resources of India and indicating the means of its futture prosperity. Noted evils in India, such as Suttee and Thuggee, have been almost wholly abolished; the latter is almost unknown to the east of the Sutlej, and the performance of the atrocious rite of Suttee is now a rare occurrence, either in Mahomedan or native States. Female infanticide, also, is being rapidly put down, and the suppression of the "M erial," sacrifice has been attempted with signal success. After adverting to military arrangements and miscellancous legislation the smoble amsarquis concludes this able review of his nsost bri'diant and successful ad3ninistrationby theutterance of his " partiuighope and prayer that, in all tine to come, the reports from the presidencies (now required annually) and provinces under oiir rule may form, in each successive year, a happy record of peace, prosperity, and progress." And thus closes a paper on which the Horatian assertion "CXCgi saonunzentunz (nrc pes-nnius" might be aptly inscribed as its snost appropriate msotto.
LAW REPORT. COURT OF MANCFRR TazrnTw.tn--.m JTim 11L HORNE V. BARTON. (Beforc the LODD CHANCELLIOR and the IOiDs JusTrICS e,f AP1tATA.- 'lis part-heard petition for leave to rehear a decree madeI by Sir William Grant in the year 1815 was this morning re-, sunied. The bill was filed to carry out the trusts of the will of a gentleman named Thomas Woocdrooffe Smith, and the decree now sought to be reviewed directed a settlement to be made of the testator's estates in conformity with the will. This was done, and the settlement was acted upon down to the year 1854. when the present applicants discovered, as they allege, that the settlement did not correspond with the provisions of the will. The property is estimated to be of the value of 250,000!. The petitioners met the objections of the lapse of time and acquiescence by allegations that the parties through whom they claim-namely, the testator's widow and one of his daughters-were, down to the year 1854, under disability, the first having been of unsound mind for more than 20 years before her death, which took place in the year 1839, and the latter having been a feme covert. The case was not concluded at the rising of the Court. Mr. RoLT, Mr. MNALI,S, Mr. I. PALIER, Mr. QURxS, Mir. SIIAPTER, Mr. BRAITWnVAITE, Mr. A. SMITH, and MIr. GAEL were heard in support of the application. The SoLiciTou-GrEus.L was addressing the Court in opposition when it rose.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COURTS, JuE 11. DEEKIS V. ST.ANlIOPE. (Before Vicc-ChanceUor Sir E. T. KIhDERSLEY.) 'The arguments in this case were resumed to-day (after the discussion of matters involving no public interest), and are still proceeding. (Before Vice-CManncdtor Sir J. STUART.) INCE V. ROBINSON. This cause, which has occupied the Court for four whole days and a portion of the fifth, was compromised this afternoon before the hearing of the case for the defendants was concluded, upon terms which received the sanction of the Vice-Chancellor. The suit related to the affairs of the late Mrs. Catlserine Cumming, whose state of mind formed, for some time prior to her decease, the subject of well-known litigation. Mr. Bacon and Mr. W. Morris appeared for the plaintiffs; Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Soutbgate for the first defendant; Mr. Robinson and Mr. Malins, Ar. Fooks and AIr. Joyce, for the other defendant, Mr. Haynes. (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P. WOOD.) BAINBRIGGE V. 3MOSS AND OTIHERS. The Court was occupied during the whole day in hearing the arguments of counsel in support of demurrers put in by the defendants to this bill for want of equity. The facts stated in the bill in support of the plaintiff's case were carried to a length of upwards of 70 quarto pages of print, and it is therefore impossible, as it wouild be unnecessary, to do more than simply to state the object of the suit. The plaintiff is the son of an illegitimate daughter of a testator, Thomas Bainbrigge, who died in the year 1818, entitled to very large estates in Staffordshire. The testator left a wil and codicil, dated in August, 1815, and another wil and codicil, dated in June, 1818, by which in effect lie devised all his landed estates, alleged to be worth 80,0001., to his natural daughter for life, with remainder to her issue in tail, with remainder to Thomas Parker Bainbrigge, his nephewu, in tail, with remainders over. Very considerable litigation took place in respect of these wills and codicils, which litication continued up to the vear 1851. At the last previous trial at law in 1848, as wiU be remembered, a verdict had been given in favour of Thomas Parker Bainbrigge, the heir-at-law, and therefore against the present plaintiff, as claiming under the will, the invalidity of which was thereby established. The present plaintif bad thereupon moved for and obtained a new trial of that action. On that new trial coming on to be heard at the Stafford assizes in 1851 a compromise was entered into, which was afterwards formally carried out, and under the terms of which Thomas Parker Bainbrigge was to be put into possession of the estates, and the present plaintiff was to be paid 25,000!. The plaintiff now alleged that since the year 1851 he had discovered that portions of the evidence adduced on behalf of Thomas Parker Bainbrigge, in 1848, was false, and k nown by him to be so at the time of the trial; that Thomas Parker Eannbrigge had, previously to the compromise, entered into agreements withother persons (now made defendants to this bill), which were ilegal, on the ground Af chasuperty and maintenance * that Joseph Bainbrigge, the father of the said Thomas Parker Bainbrigge, had takes. and carried on unsuccessful objections to the will, bywhich, as the present plaintiff seemed to contend, Thomas Parker Bainbrngge was bound; that Thomas Parker Bainbrigge had made an agreement many years ago with trustees for the plaintiff to abstain from further litigation that these facts, and divers others (all of which, the plaintiff alleged, were most material to have been made known to him before entering into the compromise), had been fradulently concealed from him; and the plaintiff accordingly prayed by his present bil to have the compromise set aside; and that the will of 1818 snight, if necessary, be established, and fresh issues at law directed to try which of the two wills of the testator was his last will, and for all consequential relief. 3Mr. CAIPSUS, Mr. AIMPHLETT, and Mr. E. WEBSTER. argued in suppoit of the denurrers; Mir. ROLT and Air. I;AY in support of the bill. The ITICE-CmLUscEELLon, after hearing the arguments at length, allowed both demmrrers with costs. His HOSOUR did not rise till half-past 6 o'clock.
COURT OF OUEEN\S BENOCI. WESnqSrnis..TrNS-. 1 1. BRAS AND ANOTHER V. 31AITLAND AND ANOTHER. (Sittings in Banco, bfore Lord C0,IPBELL and Justices COBERIDGE. ER.LE. and CRONII'TAX.I This was an action which the plaintiffs, who were the owners of a general ship, named the lRegina, sailing from London to Calcutta, sued the defendants, the shippers of certain goods on boaxd the Regina, to recover damages for deliveiing 60caskspofbleachig povwder (chloride of lime) improperly packed, to be carried on board the Regina to Calcutta, without giving notice to the plaintiffs of the dangerous nature of the contents. The declaration in the first count alleged that ohloride of lime was a corrosive substance and injurious to other goods, and required to be carefully packed; that the defendants packed, and caused to be packed, a quantity of chloride of lime in 60 casks, and passed it to the captain as bleaching powder, to be carried to Calcutta; that the captain was ignorant that the casks contained chloride of lime, or other substance of a corrosive and injurious nature; that the casks outside appeared to be sufficiently packed, but that, in fact, they were insufficiently packed, and that by reason of the insufficient packing and the negligence of the defendants the said chloride of lime escaped from the easks and did injury to the other goods in the ship. The second count alleged that the defendants had delivered 60 casks of chloride of lime without giving notice to the plaintiffs; that the master placed the same in the hold, which was a proper place for other articles, but not for articles of a dangerous character. The defendants, by their third plea, as to the sufficiency of the casks, pleaded that they did not by themselves or servant pack the casks, but that they had ordered them to be packed by Messrs. Bennett and Sons, of Newcastle, and that they (the defendants) did not know that they were not sufficiently packed. The fourth plea, as to the first count, was that the master knew, or might have known, and reasonably ought to have known, that "bleaching powder" was chloride of lime, and also whether the casks were sufficient. To these pleas the plaintiffs demurred. The questions thus raised were-first, whether the facts stated in the declaration disclosedany causeof action; and, secondly, whether the pleas were a sufficient answer. MIr. Blackburn was heard on the 26th of April last in support of the declaration and demurrers; and MIr. Bovill, Q.C. (with whom was Mr. Coleridge), in support of the pleas. The Court having taken time to consider, Lord C.urrsEL now delivered judgment. After stating the nature of the pleadings, his Lordship said it was agreed that the action could not be sustained upon the ground of any fraud committed by the defendants. There was no action ex delicto, but he (Lord Campbell) thought there was a cause of action ex contrectua. The shipper undertook not to deliver dangerous goods to be earried, which the shipowner could not see on inspection to be dangerous, without giving express notice. Mr. Bovill, for the defendants, contended that there was no duty whatever resting on the defendants, and that it was the duty of the master to make inquiry, if he wished to know ; and he cited several cases in support of that view. But he (Lord Campbell) thought those cases were different from the case of a carrier and the owner of goods sent to be carried. In the present case there was an allegation that neither the plaintiffs nor their servants had any knowledge or mneans of kniowledge; and, if it was not the duty of the shipper to give notice, the business of commerce could not be carried on, for the slhipowner would have to make sues inquiries of the owner of every package sent. There was no doubt that the plaintiffs were bound to make good the damage done to the goods of other owners by the defendants' chloride of lime, but if they had no knowledge, nor the means of knowledge, it would be mnost unjust to say that they had no remedy against the defendants, who did know. The next question was as to the sufficiency of the defendants' third plea, which alleged that they had employed the Messrs. Bennett and Sons to pack the goods, and they had no reason to know that the packing wasnotsufficient. He (Lord Campbell) thought that that pleawas no defence, and that the ignorance of the defendants, or of those employed by them, was no excuse for putting on board dangerous goods vithout notice. WVith respect to tho fourth plea to the first count, he (Lord Campbell) thought the plea was a good plea in bar. It was an argumentative plea, amounting to the general issue, showing that the master knew and had the means of knowledge, and reasonablyrought to have known, that bleaching powder consisted of chloride of lime, and that there was no occasion for the defendants to give notice, and they had been guilty of no neglect of duty in not giving notice, however dangerous the goods might be. It alleged, in substance, that the damage arose from the misconduct of the master, and not from the neglect of the defendanlts. The mere allegation that the master had the means of knowledge would not be sufufeient, for that might mean that lie could call in the adNice of chymists; but the shipper was justified in acting on the supposition that the master did know what he reasonably might have knovwn. Giving due credit to the allegations in the plea, the master received the goods witl notice that they were dangerous, just the same as if they had been so many carboys of vitriol. The tenth plea, also, was good. The plaintiffs, therefore, must rely on their traverses, and judgment would be for the plaintiffs on the demurrer to the declaration and to the third plea, and for the defendants on the other traverses. Lord C.'uPpELI. added that Mlr. Justice Wightman entirely concurred in the judgment which he (Lord Campbell) had just given. Mr. Justice CRAsrrTON said he had great doubt whether I the defendants were liable, but he agreed with the rest of the Court in the judgment as to the defendants' pleas. The other Judges did not hear the argument, and gave no opinion. Lord CAJMPBELL gave the judgment of the Court also in ! two other cases, which were of no general public interest. THE QUEEN V. HANSELL. In this case a rule had been granted calling upon Henry Hansell, the deputy-registrar of the Archdeacon's Court at Warwick, to show cause why a mandamus should not issuo commanding him to deliver up to Charles John West, the registrar of the Court of the Commissary of the Bishop cf Norwich, all wills and other documents belonging to the Court of the Commissary. Mr. H. }IILL, Q.C., and Mr. BnAcscmN now showed cause against the rule, and stated that the application was premature, as there had been no refusal. It appeared that in the archdeaconry of Norwich there were two peculiar courts , the one was the Court of the Archdeacon, and the other die Court of the Commissary of the Bishop. Thetwo courts exercised similar jurisdiction, except that the Court of the Commissary had no jurisdiction in respect of the wills of noblemen, clerks, esquires, and gentlemen, those matters being confined to the Court of the Archdeacon. Lord CAawnELL said the privilege was probably claimed under some Papal Bull. Mr. HILL proceeded to state that formerly the office of registrar of both courts was held by the same gentleman, and the documents were all kept in the same building. The original wils belonging to the two jurisdictions were easily distinguishable, but the copyof both classes of wills were entered in the same book, and bound up at the end of each year. The two offices having been formerly united in the same persons, it appeared that now the applicant, C. J.West, was registrar of the Court of the Commissary, and entitled to the custody of a certain portion of the wills and other docaments, the whole of which were in the custody of Mrr. Hansell, the registrar of the Archdeacon's Court. The learned counsel read an affidavit which had been made in answer to the application, to the effect that the prosecutor had claimed the whole of the wills and documents, and that the defendant, though lie had refused that application, was willing to set aside a portion of each day, as soon as the visitation should be over, to proceed with the laborious task of sepa- I rating the documents. Mr. PnAxEP having supported the rule, Lord CA;MI'ELL said, it appeared on the affidavits that the application was an improper one. and was made without the smallest necessity. Now, as the application was made improperly, the rule ought to be discharged with costs. Mfr. Hanseol had behaved with perfect propriety; he did not claim those documents which belunged to the commissary, but be wished for time to separate those which had accumulated for ages. On the 22a of Many he said that as soon agthe visitation was over be would devote his time to the matter, but the application was immnediatelymade to this court. Under these circumstances, the rule must be discharged with costs. BAIL. COURT. (SiWtings inl Banco, before Alr Julstice WSIGOHTAXN.) THE QUEEN V. BARKWVORTHf. Mr. CRoss moved for a rule calling upon J.0. CBarkworth to showv cause why a criminal information should not be filed against him at the instance of Mr. Spence. It appeared that Mr. Spence was a gentleman of property, and Mr. Barkworth was a stock and share broker in the city. In the early part of the year Mr. Spence had employed Mr. Barkworth and his partner in a dispute about some purchase made on the Stock-Exchange, and some correspondence having passed between Mr. Spence and the partner of Barkworth, the latter wrote him a letter in the following words:_ The letter was addressed- "5, Adam's-court, Old Broad-street, June 4. " John Spence, Esq., "A rogue, a thief, and a liar, "Sir,-Mypartner having, in an accompanyingletter, fully demonstrated your puerile attempts at sw.indling, I cannot allowthe opportunity to pass wvithout telling you that such petty thefts, if preceded by lies and insults, must meet with their deserts. I have previously told you that you should find it rather nn expensive debt, and this you may rely you w;ill, whether I meet you in the street, on the racecourse, or elsewhere. But for your impudent hes and gratuitous insults you would easily have been forgiven, but I don't intend an impudent impostor like you to pass as a person worthy of credence. "Yours sincerely, "JOSEPII CirAaLES BAtRWOnTn. "P.S. IHad it not been for the sake of your friends I should have had you taken into the Stock-Exchange, and pelted with rotten eggs, and then you would have had an opportunity of testing the value of your extensive StockExchange connexion. "J. C. B." The learned counsel submitted that such a letter had a tendencyto a breach of the peace. Mr. Spence, in hisaffidavit. denied that he was a liar or a thief. Rule granted.
COURT OF COMMfONPl,PAS WEPT\MPTP.Tz .TrmP 11- qIR-T\WR- V V RVT%'PV (Sittin(isinBa)ic,D--Tri7tit?iTer7-,i,I ' In this case, which was a niotion for an attachment against the plaintiff for not obeying a rule of Court, Mr. Watson, Q.C., and Mr. Cole appeared to show cause against the rule, and the Attorney-General and Mr. Whateley, Q.C., in support of it. The motion arose out of proceedings at the trial of the cause at Stafford. The trial occupied the whole of a Saturday, and was to try the right of the plaintiff to considerable property under the wiUl of her late husband's father, as against the heir-at-law, the validity of the will being disputed. The Attorney-General then lead for the defendant, and Sir F. Thesiger for the plaintiff. BetNveen the Saturday night and Monday morning a comnmunication tookplace between the Attorney-General and Sir F. Thesiger, which had ended in a compromise, to which Sir F. Thesiger assented on the part of his client. Under the compromise the plaintiff was to have 1,0001. a-year for life and the mansion-house-the residue of the property, the right to the reversion, and about 8001. a-year in addition zoing to the heir-at-law. The respective counsel agreed on these terms as the best for both parties, considering the facts and circumstances of the case and the position of the parties. This agreement the plaintiff refused to assent to or be bound by; and, the agreement having been made a rule of court, an attachment was moved for against the plaintiff for contempt of Court in refusing to obey the rule. The learned CoUNSEL for the plaintiff, in showing cause against the rule, read the affidavit of Mrs. Patience Swvinfen, the plaintiff, from which it appeared that the issue tried was a feigned one directed to be tried by the Conrt of Chancery that the Swinfen estate devised to the plaintiff by ter father-in-law, the late Samuel Swifnen, vas worth more than 60,0001., on wvhich she bad a charge of 3001. under a deed executed by the said Samnuel Swinfen, and also an additional charge of about 7001. a-year for life on the estate under a deed and her late husband's will, which was of the value of about 10,0001., and that the effect of the compromise would be to deprive her of property to the amount of 50,0001., which she considered a great injustice. That on the Saturday evening she was sent for by her counsel, Sir F.Thesiger, at Stafford, to his lodgings, and that he there communicated to her a proposal for a compromise, rwhich had been made to himii by the AttorneyGeneral on behalf of the defendant, which she should have rejected at once had she not thought it more respectful to her counsel to take time to consider it, and that she promised to send him an answer next day. That, having consulted her friends, she determined to reject the pro- soal, and next day she caused a message to be delivered to Sir F. Thesiger that the proposal was refused. That on Monday morning, on her arrival at Stafford, she nmet Sir F. Thesiger, who was leaving the court, who, addressing her, said, " It is all settled. It is compromised. I have done the best for you." A friend with hor, Sir Henry Dumont, asked, IIBy whose authority?' To which Sir F. Thesiger replied, "Yours," whereupon Sir Henry Duumont denied any such authoritv, and Sir F. Thesiger left her; and that she was informed and believed that herattorney, Mr. Charles Simpson, expressly declined to consent or concur in the proposed compromise, and stated to Sir F. Tliesiger that lie had no authority to do so and that Sir F. Thesiger and the other counsel engaged on her behalf took upon themselves the responsibility of consenting to the proposed couipromise ; and that she had never ratified, or adopted, or in any manner assented to the arrangement; nor had she, on the other hand, refused to do any act in obedience to the rule of Court, nor had she ever been personally requested to do any particular act; and that proceedings in equity were threatened against her to enforce the agreement. There was also an affidavit read from Mr. Simpson, denying his concurrence in the aangement, and setting out the circumstances attending the proposal, and some otier affidavits. The learned counsel now contended on these affidavits tbat there had been no demand made on Mrs. Swinfen for the performance of any specific thing. What was she to do for refusing to do which the attachment was to go ? lNothing in particular had been required of her. The rule directed no specifid act to be done. She had never been required to prepare or execute the conveyance, or to deliver up the deeds. An attachment would not go for any iniplied disobedience. The learned counsel referred to " Doe, d. Earl of Cardigan and others, v. Bywater," 7, C.B. 794, and "t Doddlingtonv. Hudson," 1,.Bing. Rep. Mr. Justice CRESSIVELL.-In the last case quoted there was not a previous denial and refusal. Whether there was in this may be a question. The coiitempt (if any) in this cae is by a continued refusaL Mr. WxVrTsON.-WVhat, in particular, had shie refused to do ? He did not know wwhat particular contemipt bis client had been guilty of. If attached for contempt, what must she (lo to purge her contempt? Secondly, this was only a feigned issue from the Court of Chancery. Mr. Justice CR%ESSWELL.-There was a rule of this Court; besides which, a feigned issue now proceeded on a writ issued out of the court. Mr. WATsoN.-The proceeding having been directed by the Court of Chancery wvas in effect the proceeding of that Court. The proceedings were also being continued in equity. The learned counsel furtlher contenided that an attachlment would conclude the whole question in a siummary manner, and without that the defendant laid the ordinary remedies at law or in equity. The plaintiff had been guilty of no wilful contempt, even if she had refused to carry out the arrangement, becanse she gave no authority for it. Mr. COLE having been heard on the sanic side, The ATTORNEY--GENERAL, in support of the rule, said the question was an iunportant one, as involving the poweof counsel to act for their clients. In "Furnival v. Boyle," 4 Russell, 142, it was held that, if counsel assented to an arrangement in ignorance of material facts, the arrangement miglht be rescinded ; but in any other ease the consent of counsel bound absolutely. The rules, as stated in Rueqsell on Arbitrations, p. 32, was that a party was bound by the consent of his counsel, given with full knowledge of all the facts. If the solicitor were present, and did not dissent to the arrangement, it was binding. In "Re Hobler," S Beavan, 101, it Wa1S stated to be of the last importance to the furtheranceof jstice that counsel should have discretionary power to settle and compromise matters, and that what they did should be biniding on their clients. The authority of counsel could not he inquired into atl%risi Prius. If the party or his attorney were absent no reference or compromise could be agreed on. The party must dissent at the time, otherwise he assents to what his counsel does. The plaintiff's attorney was present and bad not dissented. He protested against the affidavit of Mr. Simpson, the plaintiffs attorney, filed at the last moment, and denounced its statements of what had taken place on the arrangement as a tissue of falsehoods. The learned Attorney-General was proceeding to state what hlad occurred, wben hIr. WATSON objected to any facts not stated on affidavit. Mr. Justice CRFSS%VEEL-We ought not to allow counsel to condescend to state any facts as to what passed at the trial. We ought to assume that counsel had sufficient authority to do whxt was done. The ATToRLNEY-Gzs-aux.-The next question was whether there had been any refusal to obey the terms of the rule. It was necessary to prepare a conveyance, and to ge' rid of a mortgage, and various letters had been written and applications made to endeavour to carry out the terms of the arrangement, which had been met by Mrs. Swinfen saying she was not disposed to accede to the terms. She had refused to carry out the terms of the agreement, and in her affidavit she stated her reasons for doing so. The gentleman who served the rule upon Mrs. Swinfen objected to state what occurred, on the ground that her communication was confidential, and it must be taken that she said nothing. But the previous correspondence showed that she did not intend to obey the rule; nor was it now alleged by either of her counsel that she did intend to obey it. If she would now submit, the defendant would not press for an attachment, or, at all events, would not execute it. With regard to the double proceedings going on in equity, thero were no proceedings in equity going on except as to the nersonalestate. It was clear from the affidavits that Mrs. Swinfen was now endeavouring t evade the agreement of her counseL There was no wish on the part of the defendant to oppre ss her, but only to enforce the agreement of her counsel by which she was bound. Parties were bound to carry out the arrangements to which their counsel hacd agreed, and on these grounds he submitted the attachment ought to go. Mr. W11ATuY having been heard on the same side, Mr. Justice CREtss;vEL., in delivering the judgment of the Court, said, several objections had been tak-en to this rule which were not well founded. The first was that it was a feigned issue which was tried at Stafford, and which had been put an end to by the agreement; that the issue was for the purpose of assisting a court of equity in disposing of a suit there, and therefore that the application ought to have been to the court of equity, and not to this Court. That objection was unfounded. The issue was a proceeding of this Court, and it had been mnade a rule of this COurt, andif the process of this Courtwas treated with contempt this Court was the proper tribunalto punish for the contempt. Tho next objection was that the defendant was proceeding inequity, and was takdng a double proceeding to enforce the same agreement. That objection was not founded on fact. The proceedings in equity were not taken for the same object. The third objection wasl that this arrangement was alleged to have been made by counsel without authority. He thought the Court could not listen to such an objection. He could not suppose that counsel would ever act without authority. It would be fatal to the administration of justice if the Courts allowed the authority of counsel to be questioned. If a counsel did what the client repudiated let him withdraw his brief and say, "Y ou are no longer my counsel." Ile was happy to say that there was abundance of authority to show that the agreement of counsel could not be questioned. If counsel were no longer to act on their own responsibility they parted with their own dignity, and ought no longer to practise at the bar. There was another objection to which he yielded with reluctance. In the communications with the attorney there had been no doubt great discouragement and disinclination towards the performance of the agreement; but at the same time the Court must see that the process of the court hadbeen treated with contempt before it issued an attachment. The communication of the plaintiff with the defendant's attornev throughhMr. Cole, her agent, thatshewasnot disposed to full the agreement, was written before the order atNW.si Priits was made a rule of court. There was no refusal to obey a rule of court at that time, and he found no instance in the hooks of such a refuisal made before a rule of court being held to be a continuing refusal. This proceeding being in the nature of a criminal proceeding, the rule of practice was strict. She must be served personally with the role, in order to bring her into contempt, and a performance must be demanded. In this case, whether any such demand had been made or not hecouldnot say. They were told that the gentleman who served the rule had some difficulty in disclosing what took place. There had not, therefore, been such a demand for performance as to bring the party into contempt, and on that ground the rule must be discharged but without costs, and without prejudice to any other proceeding to be taken. The other learned Judges were of the same opinion. Mr. Justice CREssswnLL.-I should hope that after the opinion we have expressed we shall not be called upon to listen to any furtber applieations on the subject. Rule discharged.
COURT OF EXCHEOQUE JuxE II. BIAIRNES V. HAV-WAJPT 2;WCing tn Banco.) Mr. PRENTICE moved in this case for a rnle calling on the plaintiff to show cause why the Master should not review his taxation of the plaintiff's costs, in so far as the sum allowed for the arbitrator's fees was concerned, on the ground that too large a sum had been allowed, or, more strictly speaking, too small a sum had been taken off the fee demanded by the arbitrators and paid by the plaintiff as the price of taking up the award. This was an action agains the Dartmonth Local Board of Health, which was referred to two civil engineers. The plaintiff claimed 4001., or thereabouts, as damages, consequent upon certain acts of the board, who paid some money into court, and disputed their further liability. The arbitrators awarded 1001., as we understood, beyond the sum paid into Court, and the fee demanded by the arbitrators was 4391 Os. 6d. When the taxation took place the Master struck off lOSI., and the plaintiff had recently moved this Court to review thatdecision, ontheground that the Master ought to have allowed the whole sum so paid by him. That rule was refused, and the present application proceeded from the defendants, who contended that too much had been allowed. The affidavit showed that the total time occupied by the arbitratiors while sitting amounted to 523 hours. MIr. Baron MAnvTI.-That would give the two arbitrators 41. per hour, whereas the fee allowed to the Masters on a reference before them is only lDs. perhour. Mr. PREUNTICE submitted that the fee here charged was clearly excessive; when thetaxation was going on the Master in vain attempted to procure from the arbitrators some notion of how they made out their fees. so that the parties were in the dark on the subject. Now, in the case of a legal arbitrator the scale of charge was well known and fixed; and it must be admitted that with reference to that scale the sum paid to the arbitrators ought to have been still fnrther reduced on taxation. The COURT at once granted the rule 2/isi.
ADMJIEALTY COURT- Wrrmvm .Tiix'~ 11 1TTr RE .T A ITW.T -- T T.T- Mre.f l,. 73 - TmQ--,,-- I The American ship Emerald Isle, of the burden of 1,800 tons, and the Red Jacket, a vessel of the burden of 1,649 tons, came into collision with each other in the Irish Channel at 4 p.m. on the 24th of July last. The Emerald Isle vas bound from Liverpool for New Yoik with a general cargo and 600 emigrants; the Red Jacket was proceeding from Melbourne for Liverpool, with passengers and a general cargo. According to the plea of the Emerald Isle, she discovered the Red Jacket, which she expected wonld pass under her stern, and therefore kept close to the wind ; but the Red Jacket, instead of porting her hehn, as she was bound to do, appeared to starboard it as if determined to go a head of the Emerald Isle. A collision becoming inevitable, the Emerald Isle, in order to ease the force of the blow, ported her helm, but as she was just beginning to fall off the Red Jacket ran into her with great violence. The Red Jacket alleged that the two vessels having continued their respective courses until they had reached within 500 yards of each other, the Emerald Isle suddenly ported her helm, thereby encroaching on the course of the Red Jacket. The Red Jacket, supposing that the Emerald Isle wanted to speak her, altered her course a little in order to give her more room, imimediately after which she starboarded her helm, whereby she suddenly took a sheer to port, and, notwithstanding the Red Jacket also starboarded her helm, the Emerald Isle ran into her. Cross actions were entered by the resPeCtive parties. Dr. BAYFoRD and Dr. Twiss were heard for the Emerald Isle ; Dr. ADD.UIS and Dr. Ro1BLNsoN for the Red Jacket. The learned JuDGE inquired of the Elder Brethren which ofjthe vessels was to blame. The ELDEr. BRETsBEN imputed the fault solely to the Red Jac'ket. The COURT pronounced accordingly. THE L1DSKJA1LF.-COtLlrS1os. This was an action brought by the brigantine George against the Norwegian bark Lidskjalf, to recover the loss arising from the following circumstances :-The brigantine had arrived in the river Tyne with a cargo of potteryclay from Poole, portions of which had been discharged. On the Sth of February last the bark brought up alongside her so closely that when the tide fell she listed heavily against her, and caused her much xiamage. The bark, in ber defence, alleged that the accident arose from the brsgantine neglecting to take sufl-cient precautions to prevent her from heeling over as She grounded with the falling tide, and that any damage which she had sustained fromthe pressure of the bark was solely owing to her own negligence in not being secured in a proper position. Dr. DEANE and Dr. SPL?ss were heard for the brigantine; Dr. ADD.UIS and Dr. CURTEIS for the bark. The learned JLDGE pronounced in favour of the brigantine.
COUBT of BANZZKP.PTcy, Basinhgall-strcet, JTunc 11. INS RE S. SR'FFP.'Z (Before Mr. Comnmsmoncr GouIXuRN.) mne nanlrupt was a victualler of Norwood. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. HENDERSON, for the assignees, was desirous that the bankrupt should receive a first-class certificate. He had incurred a loss by the enclosure of a burialground by order of Government. He had also incurred a considerable loss by the Crystal Palace Company supplying refreshments in contravention of the originaliundertaking. Mr. CMDLEY observed that in the case of ;Mr. Uasters, of the Crystal Palace Hotel, in -which he bad recently been concerned, the bankrupt had lost 20,0001. of his own money by the cause referred to by Mr. Henderson. ME. LAWAkNCE}, for the bankrupt; said the lower class of innkeepers had felt the effect still more severely. Members of the aristocracy going to the Palace in their own carriages mightavail themselves of the accommodation furnished by the Crystal Palace Hotel, but the middle and lower classes being set down by railway in the Palace, and supplied with refreshments therein, could not similarly avail themselves of the second-class inns outside the building. Property in the neighbourhood of the Palace was fast coming down in value, and many of the publicans had come to tnis Court or been ruined. His HONxOUR said he had great pleasure in granting a firstclass certificate. In the matter of a proof tendered ~by the Belfast and County o? Down PRailway Company against the estate of Mr. Leslie Alex.mder, on account of calls upon shares becoming duesuhseguent to the bankruptcy, the right of proof was MLIr. Commissioner FOXBLANZQUE granted a third-class certificate to C. Gaiger, draper, -Winchester, after sLx months' suspension,j with protection, for improvident trading. In the case of G. A. M?Lean, tailor, of High Holborn, noticed yesterday, the certificate was suspended for two mnonths.,
MI3DDLE:SE9x SEzSSION% We/dZeday, June IL ._ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I (Before Mr. PAsE=, Q.C., Aa ant-udge, at ClOerkeewdl.) Frederick Silkey. a German sailor, indictedforha&,, maiciously cut and wounded John Pavae The prosecutor, a labouringiman, living in liabethstreet, St. George's, was passmng by the London Doclks when he saw one man stab another and then ron into a houe He followed ahimto the door, when the prisonerstepped forward and strack him in the face with a sharp pointed Iife, causing a wound by the side of his nose. Witnesses were called for the defence, to show that tne prisoner was not the man whEo cornmitted the assault, but the jury disbelieved their evidence, and expressed great disapprobation of the manner in which it had been given. The prisoner was found Guily,~ and sentenced to nine mots adlabouz. In a case of larceny which came before the Court, 31r. SLEIGH, the counsel for the prisoner, alluded to the practice resortedto in courts of justce on the Continent of subjecting persons accused to examination, and remarked that in many cases it would be most desirable that sach practice should prevail in this country; and The A.ss,vsN~-t-iJn , in summing up, said he was of opinion that it would be convenieltif the law permitted one or two questions to be put to a prisOner; but at present only one could be asked,-whether he were guilty or not guilt5, the law presuming that he was innocent until evidence was adduced to prove him guilty.
POLICE. GU=HLT.L-Mary Blewitt, who described herself as a doll manufacturer, of 1, Nelson-square, Blackfriars-road, vwas ar brought up on remand, charged with having unlawfully in her pDssession a large quantity of property which formed part of the proceeds of a burglary and rob. bery committed on the premises of Messrs. Fvfe and Co., of Glasgow, and Lawrence-lane, City, in December last, on 'which occasion property to the value of about 120C. was stolen. Sir W. CARnEN and Sir CuPmr.x LSHmAL presided. Mr. Lewis, of Ely-place, appeared for the prisoner. There have been several examinations in this case, but the principal facts may be smumed -up in a few wards. It appeared that some time in December last the premises of Messrs. Fyfe and Co., at 2, Lawrence-lane, Cheapside, were burglariously entered, and stuff goods to a considerable amount carried off. A portion of those goods was recently traced to the prisoner, who was found pledging them at various pawnbrokers in all parts of London, and, on being taken into custody, a woman named Alker, who was in her employ, was bronght forward, and from her evidence and that of several other witnesses it was elicited that there were upwards of 100 different lengths of stuff pledged through the prisoner's instrumnentality. IJpwards of 80 pieces of goods -were produced by the pawnbrokers, and identiied as the property stolen from Messrs. Fyfe's warehouse. The witness Xker said she saw the goods soon after they -were brought to the prisoner's house, but she never saw them in the possession of the prisoner's husband She pledged the goods sometimes by the pnsoner's direction, bnt principally by that of herhusband, who had several times given her 2s. for her trouble in disposing of the goods. The case had been twice remanded to enable the offcers to fi ththe prisoner's husband, but, that person having disappeared as soon as the officers got a clue to the case, all their exertions had proved unavailing to discoverhim. Mr. Lewis contended that the prisoner had received the goods from her husband, underwhose control she was acting m disposing of the property in question, and she was therefore not accountable for the unlawful possession. Sir R. W. CARDEN said the prisoner had been nroved to have been dealing with this property in her husband's absence, and he did not think he 'would be acting right as a magistrate if he did not send the case for a jury to decide upon. The prisoner was therefore committed to Nlewgate for tial, bail being refused for her appearance. THAmES.-On Monday MIr. Thomas Strange, wholesale grocer, of No. 65, Hounsditch, -was fined 5,. for committing an indecent assault on a police-constable of the city force named Monger, No. 564. He appeared greatly agitated while the charge was under investigation, and gave no positive denial to it; on the contrary, he gave a tacit adnission that the charge -was true. The penalty was paid. On Tuesday Mlr. Thomas, of the firm of Marten, Thomas, and Hoflasms, solicitors, had an in3terview with the magistrate in his private room. Another gentleman learned in the law, whosename ddnot transpire, -was also present at the interview. Yesterday Mfr. Crawfurd, clerk to Mr. Wontner, solicitor, attended the Court and said he wished to put in sureties to appeal against the decision of the magistrate on a most unfounded charge. Mr. SELE,-Don't say unfounded. The defendant produced no witnesses to disprove the charge. Mfr. Crawfurd.-He had no opportunity. He was thunderstrack, taken by surprise when the charge was made. MIr. SEL FE.-The assault took place in a railway carriage between the Stratford and Fenchurch-street stations on Sunday night, and the defendant was bailed out and could have produced his w itnesses. Mr. Crawfurd.-The defendant denies most emphatically committing any assault at all, and wishes the case to be re-heard, and that the publio will suspend their judgment. His numerous friends who are here believe him to be innocent of the serious charge on which he has been convicted. hfr. SELFE said he had no wish to prevent the defendant appealingagainst his (the magistrate's) decision, but itought to have been done on Monday. Mr. Crawfurd.-The defendant was staggered; he did not know what to do or say. Mr. SELFE.--I will accept good bail. Mr. Crawfurd then put forth the defendant, who entered into his own recognizance in the sum of 801., with two good sureties of 401. each, to appeal against the conviction of the magistrate at the next Middlesex sessions. L,AUETH.-James Ryan. a convicted and notorious thief, was charged before Ir. ELLoTT with stealing from the person of Thomas Davis a silver watch of the value of 21. The prosecutor deposed that on the evening before he stood for a few moments in the London-road to look at a shop window, and, while so standing, felt a snap at his watch, and saw the prisoner ran away from the spot. He followed him, crying out " Stop thief 1" and the prisoner was stopped by a witness then present. On coming up to him the prisoner handed him his vwatch, saying, " Mere it is ; and he took it from him. He then found that it hai been snatched away from a silk guard. Thomas Chapman deposed to stopping the prisoner and seeing him give up the watch to the prosecutor. A police constable deposed to having been present at the trial of the prisoner for felony, and heard him sentenced to Six; months' imprisonment. The prisoner, who said nothing in defence, was fully committed for triaL. John Baxter, a private belonging to the 1st Surrey Militia, was charged with being concerned with another person in stealing a watch, the property of John Ashton. MBlary Ashton, the wife of the prosecutor, said that the prisoner, w ho was a companion of her husband's brother at Aldershott, came to her house, 101, Waterloo-road, in company with another yonmg man, and her husband and herself hlad treated them with the greatest kindness. At a late hour her husband went out for some beer, and while he was gone the prisoner or his companion blew out the candle, and when they were gone she missed her husband's watch. In reply to the magistrate the witness said the prisoner and his companion had seen her husband wind up his watch and hang it upon a nail. The pnsonr said he knew nothing of the watch, and was remanded to a future day.
SHIP .EVWS. -TlS -T T_ I^ The Mirmpore. which fell over on her port side in being moved from the north end of Prince's Dock to the Gridiron on the 9th of June, lia been nearlyraLsed upright. Wind, S.W. The Eagle. fromLIgn, has zrrived at this port; she sailedDon te 27th of April in companywith the Romulus, for this port; sheleftthe Banshee loading for this port. Arived.-The Charles Riehards from Barbadoes-the Digly, from Mobile-the Mareppa. from Coarente-the Quest, from Alexandriathe Galatea, from St. Domingo-theialls, from 'New Orleans-the E. Greely, from Mobile-the Ceturion, from New York-the steam transport Cleopatra, from Qaeenstown-}the Thor. from Tampico-the Charles Holmesfrom Rotteedani-the Marion, from Requejada-tbe Of t-The steamer Douro> LosNor. JUne IL-rind this day at noon, S.W., light breeze and fine clear sultry weather. FALaco=vac, June 10.-Wind, N., and fine. Arrived, the Orwell, from Blavannah-the Barend Wilhelm, fromAux Cayes-the Oscar. the New Empire, and Eve, from the Havannah. Soiled, the Morea, for Dunkiek. BityasToc June IL-W.N.W., light, fine. Arrived, the Gartcraig, from Savannah--the Liverpool, from Antipa-the Camilla, from Waterford-the Sabrina from Cork-the Juno, from Jlfracombe. Sailed, the Brigand, for Glasgow-the Juverna, for Cork. Cowas, Jume 10.-The Panama. from Madras for Borleaux. was under repair at St. Helena on the 15th of ApriL Arrived, the Royal Stuart, from Batavia. RnxsaoAxrE,June 10.-The Jullane, from Porto Rico for Bremen, has been towed in here, after being on the Goodwin Sand. A vessel, bottom up, apparently a schooner, p0ointed black, clean, and of recent occurrence, w as passed on the 27th of Mlay in 1st. it N., and tong. 26WA.; and on the 3d inst. pieces of wrecki of a large vessel, of North American build, wrere also psassed by the HIminoclan, arrived in the River. GRA&VESEND, Juice 11. (Br SUNATcz A-S-D 'BRrrsS TlI aoasn (From Lloyd?sJ 9 30 am.-Wmd, B.; tide, 3 hours ebb, fne. Arrived.-Tho steamer Holland, from Ostend-the Earsdon, from Cronstadt-the steamer Batavier, from Rotterdam-the steamer Leipsie, from Tonnin--the Mary Sawyer, from Trinidad-theAlliance from Rangoon. Sailed.-TheNile, forCalcutta-the 'earnerLutken, for HarborgtheAdouis, for Amsterdam-the Challenger, for CLao. 1 pmt-Wind, E.S.R.; tide, low water, fine. Arrived.-The steamer Albion, from Boulogne. Sailed.-The steamer Belgim, for Octend-the steamer Semne, for Boulogne-the steamer Lord John Russell, for Dulnkirk-the steamer Countess of Lonsdale, for Hamburg-the steamer Stadt Dordrecht, for Dordt. 3 p.m.-Wine, S.S.W.; tide, 2 hours' flood, fine. 'No arrivals. SaileA-The steamers Ceres and Moselle, for Rotterdam-the Har. mony, forlabrador. 730 p.m.-Wind, S.W.; tide, 1 hour'sebb; weatherfine. Arrived.-The steamer Albion, from Boulogne-theNorthumberland, from Balaldava-the Ear-I of Durham, from Constantinople-the Rajah, from Balaklava-the City of London, from Dunkirk-the Sebasticook, from St. Stephen's-the Royal Alice from Mladra-the Facet and the Auguste, from Gravelines-tho Robert Passenger, from Barbadoes-the Deo Gloria, from Rigsa. Sailed.-The Harmony, forlabrador. DEAT, JuN 11. MY SaxXAuTnR AeND Blnrai TzLrGzoa j tEcom Lod';s.) 9 am.-Wind, S.E., Lght. asased.-The Boyal Alice, from Madras for London, in tow-the Robert Faesenger, from Barbadoes for London, in tow-the Caneta. from Demerara for London, in tow-the Northnmberland stcam trans. port No. 51, and the Earl of Durham steam transportNo,.230, from Balaklava tor London-the Fontabella, from London for the Cape of Good Hope-tbe Mirage, from London for Cardiff-the Ernst, front Bergenfor Trieste. Nfoon.-Wind, S.W., fine. rassed.-The brig Caroline, from the Westward for Lodon-the Electra, from St. Vincent-s for London. SWiled-The Adelaide Boll, for Cardiff-the Harpley, for Aden. 2p.m.-Wind, WV.8.W., moderate and fine. 1'assed.-The Ann Elizabeth, from Nassau, New Providence, for London-the Bywater, fromPortoRico forLondon-the Anore Packet, from Antigna for London-the Stephania, from Trinidad de Cuba for London-the Scottish Maid, from Shields for Rouen-tha Bertha, from Drontheim for Bordeaux. 7 30p.m.-Wind, W.S.W., light and fine. Arrived and Passed-The Mary and the steamer Foyle, from Guem tey for London-the ResIna Claypole, from rorto Rico for Londonthe Forrester, from St. Vincent's for London-the 'John Brooks from St. lucia for london- the Lord Elgin, from Derncrara for London-the Albyn, from Alercudria for London-the Hannah and Eleanor, from Charente for London-the Eagenie, from Blythe for Nantes-the Hebe, from Colmar for Marseilles-the Fortuna, frome Gelle for Gibraltar-the Alfred, from Frederickshallfor Bordeaux. Arrived and Anchored.-The Surrey, from London for Kurrachosthe Eromanga, from Shields for Naplem VyssaS SporMs Wnm The British King, of Dundee, bound%V., June 3, in lat32N., long. Thesteam-transport 155. bound S.E., June 3, in lat. 3GN.,loog. The Algiers (Fupposed) line-of-battle ship, June 3. Two line-of-battle ships, one suppoecd the JamesWatt, June 3, in lat. SO N., long. S W. The Johnny, of and from Liverpool, JuneI, in lat. 47 W., long, 33 W. The American ship WillDam Tell, June 6, in lat. 50 N., IonR. 14 W. The Mlercatto, from N'ewvport for St. ThoDas, June 7, in lat. 47., long. 7W. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ og.74W nThe Speedwell, from H avannab for F:almouth, June 5, in 1st. 47N., loThe shipEsnerada, 1'fay 18, in lat. 34 NX. long. 74 W. The brig Eagle, from Laguna for Iiverpool, May 24, in lat. 40 N., 1Th brIg Brothergs,of Wick,from theClydeforeBuenoeAyces,AprI 25. in lst. IN., lonig. 21W%. The bark Lochnagar, from Liverpool for the Cape of Good Hope, May 6, in at. 10 XN long. 27 W. The William Bailey, from London for Algon BaF, June 3, in lat. 47 N., long. 10W%. The ship Elen Marr bound southward. The SaTah, of SunAerland, bound for St. John'; Newfoundlnd, Idayd, inlat.47N..long.335WW The ship Mauritlur, bound East, June 4. The ship Spartan, June 7. in lat. 43 N., long. 1G0W. TheoJohn itehards, of Yarmoath, Nova Scotia, from Newport for N;ew York, sly 2G, in Lat. 50 N.. lon,. 27 W. The Egiand, of iverpool, from 2ewport for Demerara, May30, int lat. 51N., long. 13W 5 o. The AmericanshiP Andrew Foster, May 20, in lat. 45NX,long. 39 W. HIlGH WATER AT LONDON-BRtIDGE THIS DAY. Mrorning ., 56 min. after SI Afternoon ...... 2 i. 2a5 mLr 9
THE BAN-IF.JuCr LAws.-The laws Telati-mg to bankrnptcy are attracting much attention in varions parts ofthe country. The last indicationofthisisaffordedbya meeting of the Leicestershire Trade Protection Society, held at Leicester about a week ago, on which occasion Mr. Paget, a banker, presided. The meeting was addressed by l1r. Gleadow, Mr. Letchmore, Mr. Waldram, AMr. J. Thompson, and others, and resolutions were agreed to strongly condemning the existing bankruptcy laws, as offering every facility for the reckless and dishonest trader to defraud his creditors, and pledging the society to promote any measure simplifying and reducing the expense of working those [Advertisement.]-The " Sunday Times" (the largest weckly paper in England), is forwarded by every mail to Sydr,ey. Au,tralia. 3elbourne, New York, Boston, Philadelphia, tho Wes Indle, Pars, and the agricultural and manufacturing dishtricts in Rfgland, freland,andgcotland. containingaaU thelaltestnewz up othe eye of publiation On Sundaynext, Juno 15, itwill contain full particulas of Ascot-heathl es-The Royal Meet-The 1,c00 Guineas XovelGrand te,gatta-Criccet-PedestrianiEm-'Sps from the StableTheatricals-PoUce, Law, Domestic. Parliamentary, and Latest Intellicence-The Paris Ex1hibitiou-Yeovil Agricultural Show, and an illustrated Supplement, gratis. Office, 103, Piett-street, London. [Advertisement.]-Palmer's Career from his birth to his conviction.-" The Life of Wiliam Palmer," compiled cntirec from new materials coliocted in the neighbourhood of Itugeley. S'a ford, Haywood, Liverpool. and Abbotts Bromlcy. and from original letters and documents never before Published. Numerous engravings of the scenes described, and an authentic fll-length portrait of Palmer. Price is. London, Ward and Ixock. 158. Fl-estreet, and sold everywhere. Orderat once, anthe demandis already excessive. r A dvertisenent.-" Boy's Own Journal,' Id. weekly.- "noy'sownJournai,' ced., il commence on Saturday, June 1i. and be continued weedy. A yearaad a-half sinceowas commencedthe "Boy's Own Magazine," 2d. monthly. The success of this periodcal for youth wvas son certain, and each month has seen a large increase in the number of pmrchaeers. There has been, however, a nass of correspondence ad lressedtotheproPrictors of the "Boy's Own Magazine," desiring the more o reuer t issue of such attractive and ueinl reading. The letters that have received on this subject are not only from the young. but from parenta, heads of fannies, and schools, showing beyond all doubt the great necessity for a boy's literatume, at ones moral entertaining, and instructive. For thtso reasons iB published the "Boy's Own Journamal d Youth's Miscellany." Thepronrietors are confident in the hope that boys in town and country will liie, and that their elders will approve, the matter and manner of this new candidate for their support, " Boy's Omn Journal," every Satmrday, 2d. Published by S. 0. Beeton. 17 and 18, Bouverie-stree, London. tAdvertisemeet.]-lijss EdgewortR's "Ennui" 'ad " The Absentee." price Is. eacb, arethe new volumes of -outledge's cheap series. Thevolumeslatelypublishedare "Pettle-on legacy,2&. bY Albert Smith- Ailoat and AEhore," Is. eL-. by J. P. Cooper; 'irates ofGtbe Miss5sppil. Sd., by Gerathcker; " Clement orimer," Is. 6d, by Angus Reach; " Great Flighway " 2sa by S W Fullom * " Amenicaandthe Amernans," ls 6d., by W. E.axter, 14P.; "Prairie," Is' 6d., byJ. F. Cooper; "Philp IL", 2To!a,price 4., by Prescott, Song or Hiasatbh," Is., by Longfellow: as well as tho bert works of the follo-ing distinuLshed authors:-Prescott, Oliver Goldsmith, Washington Iving, M.iss Wetherell. Mrs Btowsc, Hawthorne, Carleton, Albert Smith. the author of " The Stoving Raglishman." Miss Pandoe, Edgar Poe, Rev. Pt. A.Wilmott. Complete ieit of this series gratis on application. London, George Rout)edge X% Co., Parringdon-street.
NA-PT, AND MZLITA2?Y IN!TLZLGVR. Her 3Majesty's ship Impdrieuse, S1, Captain B. B. Ratson, C.B.. and the squadron of steam despatch gnu vessels eruising underher, off Fahaouth, hobe received orders to prepare for any service that may suddenly be required of them. They were lying in Carrick Roads coaling, &c., ora Tuesday, but, there having been only a limited supply of coal at Falmuouth, the Impdrieuss went to Plymouth to complete her stock and procure stores for the squadron, which she will rejoin to day. Her Majesty's screxv-corvettes Cossack. 21. and Tartar, 21, Captains Fanshawe and Dunlop, left Spithead yesterday afternoon for Halifax ; and tho Pylades, .21, Captain D'Eyncourt, was nuder o:ders and ready to follow at 6 o'clock last evening, and the N4ile, 91, Captain Mundy, this morning. Her Majesty's stcam troopship Urgent, 6, Commander PhiUips, laving refitted her machinery, had up steam yes. terday, and will be ready for service again by Saturday next. The steam-transport Zebra, No. 211, arrived at Spithead yesterday morning from the East with a squadron of Hussars; these she landed, and then left for the Thames. Her Majesty's ship Shannoni, 51. is the chief object of preparation in Portsmouth dockyard. The artificers are as busy (aud numerous) as bees upon her, and are setting up her rigging and internal fittings with astonishing alacrity. Captain George Nathaniel Broke, Bart., C.B., son of the celebrated victor in the action between the old Shannon andthe Chesapeake, *isited the newv Shaimon a fewv days i ago, and this has given currency to a report that he will "for auld lang syne" be appointed to the command of this, the largest and most powerful steam-frigate in the wvorld. There are two other captains, hovever, also named in the same " report" as liLely to have the honour of appointment to this ship,-Francis Scott, late of the Russell, Odin, &o., ad William Peel, late of the Diamond frigate, and the battery before Sebastopol which took its name from that frigatc. WVe learn by electric telegraph that the steam-transport Imperador, No. 107, Captain James Brown, arrived at Spithead last evening from the East vith the following -Lieutenants Leathamn, Lewes, Letts, Pears, Par. mell, Greg, and Heywood, of the 3d Regiment (East Sent-the Buffs); Captain Berman (Paymaster), of the 82d Regiment; Captain Earla; * Lieutenants Bulkeley, Gifford, and Wall-er, and 107 aien of the 3d, or Royal. West Mdiddlesex, from Corfu; Colonel Bacon, Major Blanly, Captains Thoyes, Slocock, Bowles, and Douglas; Lieutenants Thompson, Shake!, Barker, Cox, and Stares; Ensigns Vonles, Smith, Tebbott, Baynton, andlMoreiand; Adjutant Codd, Surgeon Reed, Assistant-Surgeon Alder, Quartermaster Mailne, Paymaster Shaw Gibbs, and 170 men of the Royal Berks Militia. Theilmuporador left thc Great Britain at Gibraltar on the 3d inst. with troops from the Crimea. On the 4th, off the Rock. she spoke Her 3Majesty's ships Janaes Watt and Exmoath, 91 gun line-of-battle-ships, and a60 gun block ship: on the 5th, off Cape St. Vincent, bound eastward, the Royal mail stearmship Orinoco, the bark Tasmania, and a screw; line-of-battle ship; on the 7th, in lat. 41 1S N., long. 9 20 WV., the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Induis, bound southward; on the 5th, in lat. 43 37 N., long. 9 42 W., the steamship Thalia, bounid northward, and the steamship Paetolos, botmd southward ; on the 9th, in laL 4C S N., long. S 31 W., the steamship Andes, the bark Tasmania, and the Rhoderick Dhu, all bound south. The letter of our-alta correspondent, dated June 5, states that the week preceding had been remarkable for the passage through and arrival of a number of vessels from the late seat of war, with troops, comprising among the latter no less than five of the nine regiments destined for the garrison of Xalta,-viz., the 57th, 47th, 2Sth, 21st, and 14th; the departure of the East Kent Militia and 51st for England on the 4th, in the steamer Etna and RPobert Sale sailing transport, preceded by troops of cavalry, detachments of Sappers and Miners, and Artillery, the 55th and .30th Regiments entire, and a number of the Army Works Corps and Turkish Contingent, and the 92d, S9th, and 13th Regiments for Gibraltar. 411 the shlips of war and transports had lefc for the East to bring away more troops;- and even the Hannibal was to be employed in this service, transferring the flag of Rear-Admiral Sir Houston Stewart to a second-class steamer. The Royal Albert, awvaiting the arrival from Eingland of Admiral Sir Edimund Lyons, was the only vessel of war left in Malta harbour at the date of the departure of the last mail. The late arrivals brought a number of invalids and convalescents, who, it was reported, would be quartered at Gozo. The following vessels passed the Bosphorus on passage to England on the 8th inst. :-The Earl of Aberdeen, headquarters, Royal Engineers, 70 men Royal Artillery; the Holyrood, 250 nmen, Turkish Contingent, and passengers. The paddlewheel steam-sloop Gorgon, 6, Comniauder Richard B. Crawford, with 10,00 stand of arms from Woolwich, arrived Oll Monday at Plymouth, Telegraphic orders were received at Devonport from the Admiralty on Tuesday to have the screw steam-frigate Liffey, 50, rigged with all despatch. The sloop Atalanta, 1G, was taken out of dock at Devon. port on Tuesday, and, having been masted, was warped to theietty to be rigged. The sloop Camilla, 16, is to be taken out of dock at Devonport on Tuesday next and masted, preparatory to being put in commission. Her Majesty's sloop Frolic, 16, Commander John De C. A. Agnew, from Tristan da Cunha, with the Lord Bishop of Cape Town, arrived in Table-bay on the 221 of March, and was at anchor there on the 5th of ApriL The paddlewlheel steam-frigate Penehlpe, 16, Captain Sir William S. Wiseman, from Simon's-bav on the 1st of April, and Gordon'sbay on the 4th, was also in Table-bay on the 5th. The frigate Castor, 36, Commodore Henry D. Trotter, left Simon's-bay on the 1st of ApriL The squadron at the Cape are expecting the arrival of the Salamander, G, paddlewvheel steam-sloop, Commander George T. Mecham, now at Ply. moutli. The Mohawk despatch-steamer, Commander Close, joined the squadron at Fnlmuouth on Monday. The Ringdove, in consequence oEf springing a partial leak, was obliged to proceed on the same day to Plymouth to be docked, after being partially coaled. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-James H. Jackson, Payinaster, to the Hogue; Alexander Robinson, TPaynmaster, to the Nile; George P. Chapmaan, Acting Second-Master, to the Orion; Thomas J. Woo1ward, Assistant-Paymaster, to the Orion; James Thomson, Assistant-Surgeon, to the Nile. Five million rounds of MiniM ball cartridges are in course of preparation at Woolwich Arsimal, and are about to be despatched to make up deficiencies in the supply wvith which the British troops are provided at the present moment in Canada. A considerable quantity of this ammunition has been prepared and stored in the floating magazines, at the rate of 62,a00 rounds per day, preparatory to embarcation for Toronto. Other foreign stations are to have their exhausted stocks of ammunition restored in like manner. The Prompt gunboat, recently laulched from the building yard of Messrs. Pitcher, of Northl'eet, was towed up to Woolwich docLyard on Tuesday evening by the Monkey steamer, to be completed. The Prompt is a 2-gun class vessel, and is supplied with 60-horse power engines. The fitting of 200-horse power machinery on board tho Osprey, 4, screw steam-gunboat, in Woolwioh basin, is proceeding with great diligence. Fifty-four of the contractors' men are conistantly employed, so as to carry out tho work by the stipulated term, July 19. The screw-transport Block Prince steamed alongside Woolwich pier yesterday morning, for the purpose of landing her cargo, w-hich consists of 2,600 barrels of powder and general ordnance stores fromn the East. The freightship Catharine has arrived off Woolwich Arsenal from the docks, in order to complete the loading of her ordnance stores. The screW transport Excelsior, No. 235, has cleared out the whole of. her freight at Woolwich, and is discharged from Government service for the present. She is to sail from Woolwich to-morrow for Belfast, her usual station.
UzIFORMlTY OF PRACTICE! TO THE EDITOR OF TIIE TThES. Sir,-Perhaps for the benefit of the legal profession you wi be good enough to publish the enclosed remarkably interesting specimen of uniformity of practice adopted in the Chaucery Courts. I am, Sir, vonr obedient servant, T. ('l ROBINSOI-. 6, Half-moon-street, Piccadilly, Tune IL At Vice-Chancellor Stuart's Chamberz, all snmmonses and orders must have the stamp impressed, not adhesive. At Vice-Chancellor Wood's Chambers, on orders, adhesive stamns only are used. At the Ro Is', and at Vice-Chancellor Kindersmy's O'em bers. either adhesive or impressed stamps may be used, but the latter are preferred.
TO THEi EDITOR OF TH.D TIMES. Sir,-I am instructed to inform you that the paragraph in your paper of this day in respect to the Coalwhippers Bill is not quite correct. A select commnittee of the coal trade has the matter now under consideration, and it is at present not decided nrhether such a plan will be submnitted to the Government aswill obviate the necessity for the renewal of the act. T am Sir. vour ohplipsi. c--4 WILLIAM1 WRTMTIP Secretary to the Committee of the Coal Trade, Coal-F,xcbavZe, June 1L
HAPn:ow ScHooN.-The Harrow Speeclh-day is fixed for Thursday, June 26. On the same day the first stone will be laid of the new aisle to be attached to the School Chapel, in commemoration of those Harrow men who fell in the late war. Subscriptions are now coming in daily to effect this object, but much exertion is still needed to'secure the result desired. TaE Fox-LEY COLLECTON oF PTcrTuns.-The sale of this colection, the property of Sir Rohert Price, M.P., took place yesterday at the Gallery of Messrs. Foster and Son, Pall-malL The following were the most interesting lots :--53. Velasquez.-An equestrian portrait of the Conde Dec d'Olivarez; magnificently printed, canvass 26in. by 23Ain. This lot was long and keenly contested-240 guineas 54. Velasquez.-The companion picture, an equestrian portrait of the brother of Philip IV. of Spain. Both pictures exhibited at the British Institution in 138-176 guineas 55. N. Berghem.-' The Battle between Porus and Alexander ;" canvass GOin. by 43in.-235 guineas. The collection produced 1,068l. Nxw Romcsmnm BRIDGO.-The works connected with the new bridge are draw-ing to a close, and the whole structure will be entirely finished by Saturday, the 21st inst. The workmen have commenced laying down the granite pavement, after which the only portions to be completed are the approaches, and the swinig bridge over the ship canal. The works connected with this latter portion of the structure have been much retarded owing to the sinking of vessels, at the late accident at the London Docks, which contained a large portion of the ironwork, and a great deal of which was rendered almost useless owing to the strains and injury it then received. Although the bridgo will be completed at the time abave stated, it will not be formally opened to tle public until about the first week in July. The details to be observed at the ceremony, as well as the exact day, have not yet been announced, but at tho meeting of the biidge-wvardeiis, to be held on Thursday next, the whole of the details will be arranged.-SouthEaston Gaezctte.
LYCEUM THEATRE. Lst nightMadameRistori appeiredin'her second-charaeter -the unfortunate Queen of Scots-in an Italian version by Maffei of the Maria Stuart of SchiUer. As the German tragedy is one of the first reading books put into the hands of young persons who leamn the language, and as, moreover, the French version of Lebrun has been made familiar to every playgoer in London by the performance of NTademoisele Rachel, we may assume that the plot is already familiar to aUl those of our readers who take any interest in modern theatrical affairs. The portions of the plav in which the actress has an especial opportunity to distinguish herself are, as most will remernber, the third and the fifth acta. In the second and fourth Mary does not appear at all; in the first she has chiefly to wear an aspect of dignified sorrow, which is but slightly varied by the incidents that take place. It is then in the anti-historical meeting between the two queens in Fotheringay-park that the character of Mary first rises into importance, and here Madame Ristori displayed all the refinements of her art. The repugnance to k neel in presence of Elizabeth was finely conceived. At first pride checks the movement mid-way, and when the mental obstacle is overcome a most effective use is made of the words - Il numme adoro "Che t'inalzr '!" Mary kneels indeed, but, taking cara not to look at Elizabetl, she directs her glances towards the sky, to signify that she bowvs not before a mortal, but before a higher Power, whom alone she recognizes as her victor. Her de portment is generally that of a noble-we may say, Ladylike nature that will not interpret any phrase as an affront while another construction is possible. Her patience through a long series of taunts seems invincible till it reccives a shock through the expression " race of vipers" applied to her family. The eyes roll and flash-rage is rising-hut she suppresses the emotion most heroically-wve may say, at the risk of being vulgar, she gutps it down. A renunciation of all claim to the throne, coupled witlh an entreaty for liberty, is uttered with all the impressiveness that her exquisite voice can give, till again the feelings are jarred by Elizabeth's allusion to the death of Darnley and her sacers athMary'sbeauty. At this point all prospect of amicable arrangement is destroyed, and Mary, bursting through the restraint she has imposed upon herself, can give vent to her passion. The manner in whiclh Madame Ristori dra vs herself up as she frankly confesses her early vices, with the palliation,- ' --~~~Umano "Fu l'error che mi vinse in giovinezza ;" and then thunders down upon Elizabeth the dubious character of her mother, w%ith the fatal assertion that, if all bad their rights, the present tyrant woould now be the suppliant, vas a sublime manifestation of queenly wrath. The woman's satisfaction that E3lizabeth is lhmbled in the presence of Leicester is indicated, but is not made so promlinent as by Mademoiselle Rachel. In the last scene of the play, where Mary, shortly before her execution, takes leave of her servants, and they are gathered as a weeping group aroundlher, the softer tones of Madaine Ristori's voice are brought out with exquisite pathos, and the mournful rapture with wvhich she exclaims- " Io fui "hIMolto odiata, ma pur molto amata," -was like the ecstacy of a dying sainLt. WVhen the door is opened and the executioner is discovered With his axe, a finely discriminated shudder of purely physical horror interrupts the serenity of the martyr; and still nore impressive is the shock that ensues when, after taking a final leave of the vvorld, she suddenly encounters Leicester, and in spite of her better resolution nearly falls to the ground. The shock is but transient, and as the curtain falls she is in an attitude of pious resignation. 'Madame Ristori has achieved another triumph in this her second part; but, nevertheless, we cannot help regretting that the Italian version of Schiller did not undergo some revision before it was put on the London stage. The long scene in which Melvil acts as the priestly confessor to Mlary, and which is omitted by Iebrun, is to a great extent retained by Maffei, and is open to the double objestion, that it is more definitely religious in its character than is consistent with English notions, and that to those who are not fastidious on such poinLts it is likely to appear rather dull. The partof Queen Elizabeth too might bh judiciously shortened; especially as the very well-meaning lady who performs it with black hair (!) is not likely to makei of it an individuality that will in the slightest degree remind a Briton of his glorious Bess.
ANIERICaN 3MIAILS.-The American mails vere despatched from Liverpool yesterday by the Atlantic, Collins steamer, which sailed for New York with the usual mails and 76 passengers. Mr. ex-President Fillmore and Miss Emma Stanley were on board. The Asia sails on Saturday for New York. A Tsu.N ON FIxE.-Ycsterday, as the train which left Birmingham for Liverpool and Manchester at 10-30 a.m. was approaching Stafford, the occupants of a second-class carriage noticed a strong smell of fire, and presently sparks began to fly in through the windows. The passengers, among whiom were some dragoons, shouted hustily until the train was stopped, when it was discovered that the adjoining goods-truck was on fire. Notwithstanding the most energetic esartions on the part of the soldiers, assisted by the ether passengers, the contents of the truck were completely destroyed before the fire was suppressed. SINGULAR DISCOVERY OF A DEAV BODnY.-On Monday evening Ishmael Richards, a porter in the employ of Mr. Bayley, linendraper, of Maryport-street, Bristol, was employed in clearing a loft over a stable of the Swan coachhouse, in that street, of some lumber, of which the loft was nearly full. He had nearly got out the whole when he pushed against something round which lay close to 4he wall, and on taking it to the light found it was a skull. Information was given to the police, by whom further search was made, an all the other parts of a human body, apparently that of a man of middle age, were found. The deceased appeared to have been in extreme poverty, his clothes being exceedingly tattered and his boots very much worn. There were some slight remains of black hair. and nearly aU the teeth were nerfect. In the coat pocket were a common black-handfed clasp knife (very rusty). an empty phial, a piece of common comb, and a few beech nuts. In the waistcoat pocket there was a large rusty nail -wrapped in a piece of cotton cloth. In the opinion of some medical men the deceased had been dead at least 50 years. -n inquest was commenced yesterday before Mr.' J. B. Grindon, coroner for Bristol, which was adjonrned till the lth inst., for the production of further evidence.
MADAM JENATY LWND-GOLDSCifrAIDrS COy',r CEBTS. The first of a seties of three concerts. in. 'which Madame Goldschmidt has aniounced her intention: tb take leave of the Rlmglish public, came off last night, in presenoe of an imnense crowd, at Exeter-hall. It may be as well here to state our conviction that these concerts axe really the last at which the Swedish songstress will appear. Her career as an artist has proved her to be quite as consistent as gifted; ;nd however it may be regretted that she bids us adieu ia the very prime of her talent, with her voice as fresh and powerful, and her resources as entirely at her command as at any period since her first visit to England. wve should be sorry to find her imitating the canrices of other singers. Jenny Lind has advertised three farewell concerts, and if she were to give only one more she would no longer be Jenny Lind. The musical public may therefore rest assured that yesterday evening sho sang for the last time but two in this coimtry. Tho performances-we mean the performances of Madamc Goldschmidt, for, under the circutmistanices, it would be unreasonable to enlarge upon any others-were, for the most part, of the highest interest. In many respects the reat artist never sang m.ore admirably, never more clearly 2ssrrted her right to he considered the first " soprano" of the day, both as regards physical and mental qualifications. She began wvith an air from Gluck's Armnida-" Ah si la liberte, me dolt etre ravie"- a quiet and somewhat nionotonous inspiration. This was del?vered writhout miuch sliov or fervour, although in a verv artistie style. It served chiefly, however, as the French critics express it, " potur poser la rvoix ;" and we 1have frequently had occasion to obRerve that at the commuencement of the evening M-adame Goldschmidt sings rather tamely, as if she were feeling her way, before giving loose to the natural enthusiasmn of her temo.- ram ent. The next piece was thu grand duet in three niovemncits, from Possini's Semi7-amidc-the lchval de bea tile of dramatic soprap!i and contralli-tlie weU kaown "Ebbene-a te-ferisci.' Of this we should prefernot to speak; buttruth com)pels usto state that, while the performance, sebchanicaUy, was wonderfully clever, the whole duet uvas, in style, a caricature. Poor P.ossini was decked out in motley and extravagant costume, so as to bear lit'le or no resemblauice to his original self. We cannot bnt think that such mistresses of the art of song as Madame Guldschmidt and Madame Viardot Garcia mi, ht better employ their genius than in travestying the works of a great composer. The cadenza at tlhe end of the andante-" Giorno d'orrore"-as a speciuien of illal'propriate euibellishment, has seldom been exceeded. 'he third essay of Madame Goldschiuidt was in the Jinaic to ihe Sonnambula-including thle whole of the scene which illustrates the aivakening of Amina and her restoration to her lover. How this used to be given by Jenny Lind at Her Majesty's Theatre none can have forgotten. We are, nevertheless, inclined to believe that it was never rendered wvith such consummuate excellenice as last night. The adua, "Abh non credea," wvas exouisite-nay. inimitablebotha as a display oE sentiment and a triumnph of caenabiie singinlg. Upon the mere technical merits of iuch a marvellous piece of vocal expression-the trillo, the sotto t occ, the iiori:n-e. so refined and delicate, the purity of the upper notes, the faultless intonation, &C.-it would be supmerflnous to d.relL 'Where perfection is so nearly approached, indeed-perfection of design and accomplishinent, perfection of taste and execution -tlhe critic's office is annulled. Like the bards of old, he Inust improvize praises, or be d,nib. At the conclusion of this unparaUeled slowv movemuent, when 'he last note had died away, and, to quote the beautiful lines of Shelley,- - silence, too eniamour'd of that vole, "Lock'd its mute mlusic in her ruggel ceUl,- there Pwas at first a suppressed murmur of delight,. and then a burst of such genuine applause as could no loniger be restrained. The sriondo-" Ah non giunge"-execnted 'with astonishing briUiancy and fire, foromed a startliig contrast to what had gone before, and terminated, amid the acclainations of the audience, osse of the grandest displays of singingto which we have ever listened. To say that Jenny lind was unanimously recalled and newly applauded is to add nothinig but a commonplace to `what wre have already written. She could not, however, be induced to repeat the aiorcaeas. and in this she showed lier usual goDd taste. Such a sensation Was not to be created twice in uninterrupted succession. Besides what we have mentioned, Madame Goldechmidt sung (with Signor Belletti) the comie duet from Rossini's l'unco i7 Italfa-" Per piacer alla signora-whlch sounds, in nianypassaes, like a direct paredy on " Dunque io son;" the hynm to'Ve.sts (avith Madamne Viardot and chorus, from Spontini's Vcsteie}, a smooth and insipil platitude "Jbhn Anderson, myJo *" and the Swedish ' Echo son,.n " John ANnderson, my Jo " vwe have already praisedas a masterpiece of palaintive and expressive ballad-singing. The " Echo song;" too, though hardly to be classed as a pure feat of vocalization, is curious as an effort of ventriloquial mimicry, The audience last night were enchanted with both-and no wonder, since never did Jenny Lind evince a mnore resolute determination to please. The programme wvas varied by instrumental mnsic, including, among other things, Weber's Concerl-sti&-k, and Beethoven's CkJoral Fantasiaq the pianoforte part in both of which wvas sustainedlwith ability by H-err Otto Goldschmidt. Herr Moritz Ganz (from Berlin) performed a violoncello solo, and in a due' for violin and violoncello, with his brother Lcopo'ld. Mladame Viardotenriched the vocal selectionwith the great air of Fide.s, from the last act of the | s-op ile. MNr. Benedict was conductor. The orchestra and chorus, by the wray, were less efficient than has hitherto been the case at the concerts of Madame Goldschmidt.
TH,E CASE OF DA VDSO A2ND GORDOr. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TLMdES. Sir,-Your city article of yesterday's date contains some statements from Mr. Laing's pamphlet respecting Davidson and Gordon's prosecutions, which require a few observations from me. As I have filled for 17 years the office of City Solicitor without having had occasion in that capacity to intrude upon your coluLmns, I hope you wi allow me a brief space for the purpose I require it. In October last I was directed by the sitting alderman to institute a prosecution against Davidson and Gordon for fraud. This wvas done, in order that there might not be a failure of justice in case they should escape from the three bankruptcy prosecutions, as it was feared inight be the case on account of some technical difficulties in the way. The Commissioners of Bankraptcy bad determined that their prosecutions should be confined to offences immediately connected with the bankruptcy, and up to the last moment of time, when the commitment vas about to take place, no private prosecutor had presented himself to take up the cases of fraud. I accordingly preferred, under the advice of eminent counsel, indictments against Cole, Davidson, and Gordon. When the first and second bankruptcy cases had failed at the trial, and it was thought the third would share the same fate on account of the serious difficulties which beset it, I was waiting with my counsel and witnesses ready in court to commence my case had the other likewise failed. Davidson and Gordon were, however, convicted and senxtenced to the same punishment that would have been awarded if they had been convicted on the city prosecution. It -was then adjourne d to the follow%ing session, to enable ns to decide w-hat courso shoald be adopted. The failure of justice, against which the city prosecution was intended to guard, had not taken place, and it seemed hardly necessary to convict the same men over again, when the Court would not be likely to exert a power very, very rarely exercised, of passing a reversionary sentence upon a prisoner for the same offonce. At the commencement of my retainer I was placed in communication with Mr. Laing, the author of the pamphlet, and a heavy creditor of Cole's. I at first attributed the exsberant zeal of this gentleman to a natural desire to bring to justice two men known to be connected in fraudulent transactions with Cole, by whom he had been pillaged of a large sum. I, however found, after atime, that Mr. Laing's principal object was to "expose" Overend and Gurney, and that he yearned, in fact, for a more substantial sort of justice than even a successful prosecution of Davidson and Gordonw as oalculated to afford, For the purpose of adding my namne to others whio have condemned the conduct of Mrx. Chapman in continuing to have business transactions with Cole after discovering the fraudshehad practised on the firm, Mr. Laing has, I understand, publislied in his pamphlet a private letter, in which I not only aoquit lIr. Laing of any nialignant feelings in " exposing" Overeudand Gurney, but, upon the assumption that his statements were true, I applauded the zeal and perseverance with which he pursued hisobject; but I, atthe same time, protested against being "aused" by him as an instrmnent of carrying out his own designs. As Mr. Laing has chosen-most unfairly I th'nk-to make my letter public, I must ask your indulgence to print an extract which will leave me bht little to add. It is dated December 23, 1855, and concludes with the following paragraph:- " I am happy to acquire information from any person and by any means, but I do not consider myself at liberty to rely upon any statement I hear, unless I am furnished ,ith the means of testing its accuracy; and (finding it accurate) I deem it my duty to obtain the assistance of eminent counsel to weigh carefully both its relevancy and effect upon the cases committed to my charge; it will be in their discretion to use it or lay it aside as their sense of professional duty may determine. In their opinion the case is beset with great difficulties, and in this opinion I entirely concur. It is among the greatest of these difficulties that, for the means of bringing guilt home to the defendants, we are principally indebted to the evidence of .Mr. Chaonsau, wvhose conduct in concealing the frauds practised upon him after they had been d;scovered is calculated toshake his credit. Asximilar observation to some extent applies to your own evidence; for, although it was your proceedings against Cole that broutght these frauds to light, your evidence at bis trial uponi which you are open to cross-examination to affectyour credit, shows that after you had discovered the fraudulent chearacter of the warrants you were pressing him for other secarities. You misapprehend any obaervatieas I have made if you think I impute to you any malignant feelings against the defendants in promoting these prosecutions. I applaud the spirit and admire the zeal and perseverance you manifest in following up men who have injured you. If Mr. Chaunman had not committed a great moral offence Cole would have been brokeu up before he became your debtor, and you would thus have saved your money. f by the fear of nublie exposure Mr. Chapman can be induced to de you justice, and return your losses, (wvhich you have never hesitated to avow as one of the ob. jects of your proceedings), no man can properly set that down to the score of malignant feelings. If Messrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co. have employed their wealth, character, and po -itioa to baild weptlie Davidson, and Gordonatfter they knew of these frauds, and if, by acting upon the-feeling which wealth, charactber, anL nosition cal intmo play, yoa and the other creditors of the bankrupt can get recouped your losses, no mans can. jstly blame yon; but I must take care that I do not permit ny fnnctions as a public prosecutor to be directed by you for the pnrpose of effecting your private objects, howrever justifiable or laudable they mnay be. I hold, it to be my duty to employ all the evidence I poesosa or can acqulire to prove the cases comprehended in the tw,o indictments now before the Court. If the assignees of either of the banlkrupts cau now furnish me with evidence to implicate Mr. Chapman or cay other person in the frauds with v.hich the present defendants stand charged, I should consider tlhat my instructions from the Court of Aldermen aTe sufficiently large to warrant me in taking such measures as counsel may recommnend to dispose of these indictments, in order that others of a more comprehensive character may be preferred. No time is to be lost if any change in our course of proceedings is to be made, as the sessions will commence on the 7th of January. I still thinl; it will be more seeful and more proper for me to be furnished with any additional information bearingupon the question through the solicitors, but I shall not decline to accept it from any other quarter. "II am, dear Sir, yours truly, "CHAULES PF.URSON, City Solicitor." Before writing this letter I had repeatedly applied to mr. Laing to furnish me with the proofsof the complicity of Overend and Gurney in the frauds- committed by the persons under indictment. Mr. Laing abounded in assertions that this complicity could be distinctly established in two classesof cases, and it was the proofs only whicn he faled to produce. I think it hardly likely that IL. Laing niade mu Us only confidant upon this subject. If any gentleman who may read this letter recollects to have heard Mr. Laiag speak to the following effect, I shall be obliged by a line. I make this requx>s because I have now reason for believing that both classes of cases are the creation of 1Mr. Laing imnagination, and as very lively imaginations are seldom accompanied by a very accurate memory, Mr. Aiing may forget he ever told me he could furnish numerous cases of the foUowing description:- 1. Where, after Overend and Gurney had discovered tbe frauds practised upon them, rhey gave uyp some o! the fictitious warrants they possessed to tne guilty parties, who effected loans with other individuals for the benefit of Ove-- end and Gurney. 2. Where, after the discovery, the guilty parties, to the knowledge of Overond and Gurney, redeemed good warrants fron merchants who had advanced largers,mR upon both good and bad securities, placing the good securities with Overend and Gurney, and leaving the bad ones with merchants, wno, when the catastrophe came, had to prove upo:n the bankrupts' estate, while Overend and Gurney's account had been diminished by the deposit and sale of thc good warrants. I repeatedly assured Mr. Laing that, if he could furnisb me with proofs of these foregoing facts so as to prove acts of conspiracy with the prisoners, the indictments against them singly should be withdrawn and joint indictments should be preferred. I cannot say I ever believed all Mr. Laing's statements, but I acted as if I considered them entitled to credit, for, with the approbation of counsel (without whose approval I dared not have taken so bold a step), I wrote to Cole, Davidson, and Gordon, afier they had received sentence, asking thenu if they were disposed to make any confession in respect of the frauds of which they had been convicted. I saw the highly respectable solicitors of Davidson and Gordon. I told themof the statements I had heard, and, without making any promises of favour, which I was not compet;nt to make, I suggested how important it was for the fattre welfare of the prisoners that they should make a clean breast by a fall disclosure of every important fact. These gentlemen had orders for private interviews with their clients in the gaol, but it was attended with no results. Cole not wishing to incur the expense of employing anattcrzeyasked meto see him inNewgatemyself. I did so. Itoldhimivhat rhad heardasto his dealings with Overend and Gurney. I reminded him that he would be a competent witness, notwithstandcng his conviction in any prosecition againstl other persons. I stated that I was pr:pared to receive and act upon any evidence he migbt think it right to give me upon these points, provided there were entries in his books or any other corroborativetestimony. H:; complained that Mr. Chapman had not treated him well in' some matter beside the question in hand, but he assured me there was no foundation for the statements I had heard. I think it right here to remark that aboub the date of this letter Mr. E. Gurney called to knowr whether hisfather, who was in ill health in the south of France, woulnld be wanted at the trial, as he had desired to be telegraphed that he might come at all hazards if required. I asked M-. Gurney some questions, which led him to repeat the offce both his father and Mr. Chapman had previously made. and of which I had to some extent availed myself. H1 ofered to stubmit every book and document thex possessed to my unreserved inspection, and every clerl to my examination. I declined the offer, remaTking that I was at that moment pursuing inquiries hostile to their house. He said it made no differenoe ; whatever moight he the object of my inquiries, they should be met with the annie frankness they had hitherto received. The applications to Cole, Davidson, and Gordon having produced no result, and lMr. Laing having failed to furnish me with proofs of his assertions, I submitted Messrs. Quilter and Ball's report of Cole'saffairs and the other documents to eminent counsel, who gave the follovwng opinion on the case:- " We are of opinion that there is no evidence to justify the aldermen in directing an indictment against Mr. Chapinan. "We are also clearly of opinion that under existing circunmstances it is not the duty of the magistrates to proceed further with the city indictments, nor do we think it would conduce to the ends of public justice to do so. We therefore recommend that the prisoners be brought up at the next sessions and the indictments be disposed of by an acquittal." " J?Ss WInng. "ARCfiEn RYLALN'D. "Roar. Luesa. "Temple, Jan. 17, 185." "W. BT.LUSIxI . In conformity with the foregoing opinion coonselappeared in courtb and with the approbation of the judge the prosecation was withdrawn. I do not desire to shelter myself, as I have a right to do, behind the opiuion of counsel, for, al - thoughIrnost reluctantlyyieldedtotheir advice, Ididat last and donowhold the op inion that a right oourse was adopted, and that had I attempted to force on a trial which could have no uaseful results, merely to indulge 3fr. Laing with a repetition of his egotistic quality or his attacks upon Overend and Gurney, with any ulterior objects, I shouldt have rendered myself liablo to grave censures. I hope I have fiuly and fairly answered Mlr. Laing's censures as they appear in your city article, and that I may now be permitted to depart from the bar of public opinion without the necessity of maidng any other appeal to you for apace to defend myself. I have the honour to be, Sir. your most obedient servant. CHARLES REARSO1. I Guildhall, Jane L
SIB PF. BUXTO2N 0N CAPITAL PUNISHMENT. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Mr. Drummond last night ridiculed Sir Fowell Buxton for having " always had some scheme for gettin, off some rascal who was going to be hanged." I beg to say that he did iLot disapprove capital punishmnent for murder, but he exertea himself to prevent executions for forgery, which much annoyed a few of the London bankers-Mr. Drummond, it appears, among the number. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. ONE OF HiS SONS. I June 11.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-On the remarks made in X6 limes respecting my motion for a " committee on the effect of capital punish. ment," I trust that you will admit the following comments:- It is said, " The motion is one which Mr. Ewart annuall1 parades before the House of Commons." Six years have now passed since I last brought this motion forward. So far from parading it, I have delajed its introduction, thouglh pressed to introduce it by others. " The House had heard all before, and therefore took th e earliest opportunity of closing the discussion by a negative." It is well known in the House tbat the real cause of closit: the discussion was one against which argmert is un availing-the arrival of tho dinner-hour. Alanymonibers would have supported the motion (among those on the Con servative side Sir P. Kelly) bht for the powerful eloquenc, of the diners-out. "' Nothing new vws said or expected." The facts whici. have occurred since the last notion was made must be new at least, in debate. So must recent changes in the law o. foreign countries. These, and other new facts, wner stated. Our main argument is the increasiag uncerrt inty o' punishment arising from the reluctance of juries and the feelings and OpinionS of the public. This argument, I think;, is scarcely alluded to by Zhc Times, thou~gh I quoted former articles iThe Threies in .support of it. I ame. Sir. vour obediient servant. WMU. EWART, Cansbridge-square, June IL
G-A.oTTB ResBRY.-A gentlemau named Dean, while passing tklexh lDraycott-terrace, Chqse!,, ons his wa v home, os Tuesday night, betweon U and 12 o'clock, was accosted by two men, wrho eiriSfl saked the way to Sloanestreet; having ansnered their inquiries he was about proceeding on his w.ay, when one of the tuffians suddenlyst-ised him by the throat and nearly throttled him, vshile the other struekhim two violent blows, the one on the mouths and the other oxn the abdomens. The resnlt, as may ho supposed, was that he was instantly deprived of conscionsness, and on recovering his senses, somne 20 miutes afterwards, lie fouind himself lying on a heap of dirt, deprived, of course of his wateh and chain and other valuables. By the le] of a passer-by a policeman was obtained, who assisted IPim to the Brompton police-station, where he gave the necessary information of this most savage attack and robbery.
Z . . - 'TO THE EDlTOR, OF THTDM Sir,-Your atceo athrayo h uee~. diction of the House of Irds induces meto hope taib you will not elmj your columnm against a n6to on ths interests of Siotland in thatoimportantamatter. if somne of any countrymen have been querulous as to. mere points of etiquette, that is no good reason for disegarding Our complaints on a subject SO vital as the adinintration of justice. Taken on a calm and impartial estimate, the 1ropoa to reconstitute the appellatetribuns without tho neoeasay7 introduction of any Properly Scottish eleraent while go larg a share of its business will consist of admlinlistering ScOOttislz law cannot beviewed otherwise than a,s at onde an alront anit an injury. Itbeing granted that thenuicipal law of Sot. land is an enzirely different systemn from that of Ergland,_ as different, perhaps, as the laws of England andPrnasiu. it follows that nny tribunal whioh is to administertlhatw ought to possess a competent, or rather, indeed, a thorouga acquaintance with it. This proposition at once commends itself to common sense; and 1s not to be shaken by the sys. tem, so anomalous in that and otherresnects, which -has so long prevailed in the House of Lords, at which it is nohw found cannot be permitted to continue. We asurely familiar enough with examples of great evils which haYe long been endured with scarcely a complaint, and theu examples are most rife inthe department of the administra. tration of iustice. That Scotch law can only be well and promptly administered by a Court well versed in that LA is a proposition which can only be disputed by unlpractical or prejudiced persons. Accordingly, it has been attempted to show that the English law lords, or some of them, have aconned a sunfcient modicum of Scottish jurisprudence in tThe course of their bar practice in Scotch appeals. This is P complete faUlacy. EveryEnoglishlawyer in a Scotchappeal has to be carefully crammed with his Scotch law and practice, and to be attended at the hearing by a-Scotch counsel, or at least by a Scotch solicitor; but this is a process 'which can manifestly have no place on the bench; and, consequently, asnoticedintheaadmirable evdenco oEtheaoxdaJua. tice-General (IrNeilD), the Court are in the freqientpracice of putting questions to the bar as to points-of Seotch law-a practice which is forced on them by the circumstances, and which is, in truth, a confession of the inadequacy of their knowledge. That is mot a safe or proper pOSitioheither for the bench or the bar; and how is any party to a cause to feel satisfied if he sees the Court taking its lav from bis op. ponent's counsel? It is, indeed, a startling and deplorable spectacle-a bench dependent on its bar for the lnsv the true relative positions reversed; the master turned into the servant. Tho absurdity of supposing that an English lawyer can master the law of Scotland by means of, or with relation to, his practice in Scotch a peals appears in a moment from the simple fact that theseappealsareuameasurably insufdicient in number for such a Tesult. Thus during the three years 1S17, 1848, and 1819, there were only 33 judgments in Scotch appeals, being an average of 1 aunuaiiy. This, no doubt, is below the general average, but even suppose the nnmber doubled, and one counsl to be employed ir; them all, they would scarcely form irt any one year an aggregate euna to the business 'which au eminent counsel in the Scotch courts vould go through in a single week. N'o doubt there are cass -where the latw of England is the same with that of Scotland, but such cases are the exception; and even in them it requires a mature knowledge of Scotch law to give the Court assurance that the tmvo systems agree in the particular case, and that there is nb -ec. liar doctrine or practice applicable to it in the law of Scotland. WVe are now about to reconstitute the appellate tribunal not upon the strength of bygone usages and traditions, but upon sound and true principles; and if Scotch causes aro to he adjudicated in the last resort by a bench destitute of Scotch jurists this phenomenon can only be defended by assuming such a great and crying inferiority and unfitness on the part of Scotch lawyers and Judges as to render English lawyers without Scotch law better than Scotch lawyers with it. The proposal is a stigma which cannot be explained away. For the theory that a Lmowledge of Scotch law gives rise to biases and prejudices, besides being groundless and absurd in itself, affords-no explanation, unless carried the preposterous length of maintaining that Englislh appeals should be decided by Scotch Judges, and vicc rcraat- or to the still more ludierbmus, although probably equailly logical result, that no lawyers whatsoever should sit as Judges in appeal. One only hypothesis car be suggested to get rid of this dilemma-namely, that the Scotch law itself is'autarrow and bigoted system, which tends to darken the judgment and bias the views of those who practise it, or, at least, that the practitioners themselves are very imperfectly edncated or trained. The stigaa must alight somewhere, either on the system itself, or on itsliving oracles. Happily upon both points Scotland has nothing to dread. This is not the place to enter upon -any eulogy of the law of Scotland, yet a few points may ba notod bearing on the three leading branches of law. The system of law in Scotland applicable to landed property provides complete certainty of title; and the Scotch landed securities for money are in such estimation that money is lent- on them at a lower rate than, I believe, on any other landed :ecurity in the world. In the mercanfle department of the law the recent comparison between the English and Scottish systems conducted by a Royal commission, chiefly consisting of English lawyers, has resulted in the conclusion that on far the greater number of points of difference t&le Scottish rule should be preferred. Again, in crimi6aYlaw the rnles and practice of Scotland are admitted to, be admirable, and her system of local public prosecutors is likely soon to be extended to the rest of the kingdon, Again, as to the qualifications of the bar and bench, it is well Inorn that a more complete education, both general and professional, has long been required for admissionto the Scottish bar than to that of -England. Their learning and gentlemanly bearing as professional and official men have neger been questioned, but have often been inost cordially Aecognized by their brethren of England and Ireland. Sir Richard Bethell has generously, as welas justly, called public attention to the just claims of the legal profession n Scotland to a share of those Imperial honours from nwhich they have hitherto been excluded. If an impartial selection be made, nothing but good can result to Eneland as well as to Scotland from the introduction of a learned and clear-headed Scotch Judge into the court of final appeal. The bill having passed the House of Lords, I trust the Scotch members in the Commons will shoDwbytheirconduct ajust sense of the honour and interests of their country; and I remain, Sir. Tour verv obedient servant- - SCOTUS. Edinburgh, June 7.
CO3DlrrrLL OF ArAtm FOR POISONL'G Mg HOuSEKEEPER.-An inquest, adjourned from the 30th Iult., was held on Monday at Winkrbourn, a village about three miles north of Southwell, Notts., touching the death of Mary Clarke, housekeeper to Mr. Thomas Johnson:farmner, occupying Dilliners farm. The deceased, who wa537 years of age, and belonged to a respectabe family at Noiweil, in this county, went to Mr. Johnson, who was a widower with five children, in the capacity of bossekeeper, on the 16th of January last, and about a fortnigh' after her arrival an improper intimaey commencedbetween them, which continued till within a week of her death. She was intrasted at first with the cellar keys, and became addicted to drinking. This occasioned auarrels between them, but one witness said he hadheard Johnwon aAinit thathe had madeher drink. Johnson also acknowledged having treated her atvarious times in a most inhuman manner, and this was fully corroborated by the wittsemes. On the Friday before her death, when she was sober, he kicked her out of doors, after he had knelt on her breast and held her by the meck till she ws black in the face. When asked why she did not leave him, she said she would poison herself, or do something els, sooner than go home in that state. On Monday night (the 26th) Johnson went to the police Etation at Southwell, and, eeing the wife of Inspector Fisher, be said he had a- drunken housekeeper at home, lying on the hearth, and he wanted to have ber taken away. The inspector being out, he said ho would wait at nn adjoining inn till he returned. He said he had had some drink, and if he weroto get some more on his wayhomo he sbouldaluseher again, as he was determined to get rid of her. It seerns. how. ever, he went to Mrs. Whitworth, an aunt of his late wife, and arranged with her to come on the follovwing day, so that he might dispense with the services of bii honue. k-eeper. The deceased was in liquor on Monday night, and throughout the whole of Tuesday she was so il tihat she could not get up. She vomited and was purged a great deal, and she c.mplained of headache and pain in her stomach. Johnson was with her a great deal throughout the day, and administered tea and other things to her. Mirs. Adlington. a neighbour, cTnse to see ber, and Mrs. Whittworth and Mr. Johnson's eldest daughter arrived in the afternoon. On Mrs. Adlington proposing to have a doctor sent for, both Johnson and.the deceased refused. On Wednesday morning Mr. Johnson went into the deceased's room as early as 6 o'cl:cl, ancl found her no better. He then went into the fannyard, and on returnihg at 8 o'clock he at once said she -wss much chanzed. He lifted her utp in his arms, an"shouted for Mrs. Whitworth and others to comen un staits. She asked for some tea with brandy in it, which was given to her. She was not convulsed, and did not seem to be saffering much pain, but she gradually sank, and died about 9 o'clocl. Going down the viUage street soon after.Johnson told some neighbours of the death of his housekceper, and on being asked by one what -was the cause, he said, " Oh! drink, drinkl or perhaps not eating suflicient fo6d." To, another who put the same qniestion to him shortly after he said she had been poisoned or had taken poison. Hie could not think what she had been poisoned with, .s he did not know he had any poison in the house. A post mortem examination was made by Dr. Watts, of Newark, who found a large quantity of sulphate of copper, or vitriol, mixed with -sulpbhate of iron, in the large and small intestines. He also foulnd stains of the same poison on the clothes of the deceased. Three cups, found by the bedside coPained different liquids, which were proved, on asalyzation, to be sulphate of copper, mixed with oil of turpentine and other matters, salt of silver, and teasligbly discoloure by sulphlate of iron. Some sulphavte of copper was also found in a brown paper parcel, which was in an oak chestin the bedroom of the deceased; and some sullphate of eoppser, mixed with sulphate of iron, in a gun.chesthelonginrto *Julmson. Thero 'was no evidenceto show that Johhsonl-ha bought any vitriol laterthat October last, in whichmonth he purchased Slb. at the shop of Mr. Weightman, of South. well. This was put in a twvo-quart stone jug mu par o' it wasfoundonthe premisesafterthedeceaseds death. Iu his owvn evidence, however. Johnson declared hebought 41b. at Mansfield er Southwell last autun but one, that ht used it all, acld had never bought any since. 'he coroner did not concilude his sunimig up till nearly 10 o'clock OD Monday night. The jury took three hours to deliberate and thlen returnled a verdict of "Wilful murder" ogainat Thomas Johnson, -who was committed for trial oi the coro. ncr's warrant. hIR. IMtcyfs APsRoovEu.-We have been favoured with the following extract from the Vallimore Sun c*E the 24th of 3lay:-" Philadclphia.-Hertz, the man -wh fgured in thiscityso estensively as a witness in the prose. cu-ion of those charged with being concerned in the British cul:stmnelet fo 'lhe Crimea, wasyesterday held to bail on a chl a-ze of obtaining 260 dollars from Nr. Bechtol - on false pretezces."
SALES BY ~i UCTIo2X. IESRSI EVRSeRnDahl Ibtato are in. JrU,e 12. - LESEHOLD seitOP~EPTY, THISi-gffu housla ewo cottages, reently built, in t. ,l3MAs-neeQ5tu, Eartho Canlbridge, til l8ucro& et o ss~cep~tene~s,at rentg amounting to about 112.ayear, and held for an expirod r3u ,f 45 rears,at a grocnd rent of '18 l2. MtY be view;edbylesvea'ctheats,L andp jsehar had of Messy. Vanderroin Cree Lasw,and C5oinyn A liatrr,3,ah lanee, Qannon-street, city': of '.fliii Eeq., 33, Gro,sUZZeet 1u:a I- Mart - and of 'be ouctioneer. . 40. ParliamtmtEnbe4o or Coal xcange. Van lb a-reou us and. 7 lhop, Aw Ebbu S. axd HORNE ',sil SELL .MLhF y AUOylNe hI f r, HSDAY. Jume 32 atl 12 v aLeIESHOLI) HOU~cnann ee rooms and' shop, teedwitiny place-glass, front. susatal ssi e earsd5nee~, and situa., on, the nes sile of VihJ.dei,d.etweeu, It5leut,,-tttst nod, Chapter-street, now iiteocpioofhe fr'-eboldcr. a lTbesir-,per, who will gie Po, pseso,adftheenated volns-stahl a year.. May I. viewed, andpr'eaeba 0ay prceious "a the premises a5s0 of Mre. Wiin. S.Fagrslctr,1,Iliassnecat-elet;- attho 14art: and of the autoer,4,Ier t-street, Westmn r, ore Coal Exchange. L,utdet .usInc lar~ses, adthrCaft. '~ESSRS. EVEIi)RFIELD and HORN'EWMISE"y j yAUCTION, ou t-he Plremises, CoX'A Ways,' B5dlveslrdra .:ear the ifungerirdox-sridj:e, on uesday; ue 7 at I. THREp excellent deseked SAMIIb GI BA1lGES, of 70 tons. each (two o hc are adaptied for the canals);- aloa) Watver auk eiarge, of 75tas three Cimal Beats, and several olkn Itiver and Oma vire, a oe-wed. one wreek prerious, and cataloguea had onte ense;ed of the auctioneers 40. EPorimeet-Are,,. or CLoalEebge Impemnt. nd Efeca,on the premises of the late memsar j~j~R~. ESFIliD anid HORNE ar in-. byteExecutors to SELL by AUCTION)3, ol thePre. mt-s, orpou-lae,Gray's-inn lane, on June the 18th, 19th. and00h. he15f'sT ORtTIOX of the valuable STOCK and EFFErS,whih sillcomrie a large quantity of well'seasoned3 cilownd hit dels nd attns,pre,pared hour boards and battens pin piail. mtchd bsteingandI sfrting, die-square, timberna blcS daisRS El Fks,IbEelnpand ,harows, airdeneagimiandm0nynewmv,,~ju~s, saw tackle, ahtcotent oiarbhe jiESSRS. EVERSFIELD) and -BORNE are in.- aLsruietedy to eL by AWYagOes earlyAUs Tuly. at the Marble Saow DA-Y.s P-telg2ra sem-dlet about VILIC 1NEY-PJLOEZ . beng marble. Lusdowne,rand alaa&tr several ofwhinchlare proiichy ultured, andothers ofre) a mosi"derhrabter ansd aegothy 04ictcc sndtonebonusen, nh1alabastnerietly witlsatuned tabdwle,eerl bu 'wcalls tablet band two- on thepremiss, anof theaucteocer. 11. Psthnethaoe extnor Coal ty E ses oEVErawin ELD a lnd O N r I trEte byTHelIotAges toil SELL by AUCTON, at th Ms, TJune DAYnt. BOOeKS, aPsei-t dntached VILLAd REiDloteNCfE, beb jo.w0,llesown,road Vilpparla oos,an obetts.l aldinclosieo propertytoyS. oll icew;f.n and ads guren, a' i apvt.praht the extensiv pleauregrond n th rer; et o ~, motrepacabl tennt. fo thre colrsha o Is.FdanJeoues sliitr,12 beg tloewellounoe E. THISD.Y tp1 Framies, a boe&cunenga 19f0aor , w . inclue thervaluable LBAY30otue f3iate chine.at6.wns BoOl S p rns aintingacuiitls, carvted andi0ure ofthdrames tbewereerye %eand gtppa.uctiohoors'andiwboes, anmnatcll-ardneosopry (nview ad atloue t the anroomsO,esecful TA ghivme nntie.tt,at~ deheyssuilly S ALby AndTSOV. at thei gdast, rom~KngThursdat, Junes 19 ar. atn,i 0ll,b Morder. ofute Exumatl ora preislyUaABLf fieodWREthe. ArS hiouin RIxe old std,huskies, Orienadgltt and Drsevprearien aeauifkts, oayb vniewed,ck vncta loguers iueada at iiod-t-e. cx(is inty, onfh Waoednesdy pbeeceunad )beonlheesnoarotingofsle,ropndt3o;lselotswill e .due Matthvewe Ry-auction. au-Ufn LimPlatnoed rtcesutn EMale. j1~JESSRS.E..an DICSO nclOi DAVNPRt T nnwnM lane, t?chat the TursALE JfuneEI19LI aitO1, sfulTF NITURylanw as te Wh eat. ShafInd,orp- bedseaods, alie bdinterest oe.ebzt* dr0,adwertisend to taker saprendat th Craowany Ine tabID3o tr dayrt, tuae1 is P oSTOkae-hnEDt Friays, linen,h Jul nextDk, aitbS L,rCevore-uutNeBrige-sWlwreth,Blacdfre aose-holrniiureiratre. mmd Pfecanof hlate Dr. B ClustIriterucWine, od DfecaysSe. :P .GSRA.GREM wcid SONL beg AtonTIfyNhat the 12 for ,I-e. wilicud Jh auabe L3 tIprecisely.30 thwosue ofplthe, chdina-ins old pInTings, cumriostiesnd the urniture ofote r-patigand otiningedsooms.feathe viewdornin of sale ostaogue dradon the prendes,tandsatb andtoileet glasses, 8 rn.aty ion-garden.sraan Poy h rs in .roand oo Octs Of dArtc,rf a Lady tof itanko, e boo"SS, C rpStIEcin.glz and kitcSO h esnetfully, tokgivher ntice tatfe thzeysofwineLL by FoCtI, atd theO iregrea rutonenr. Kin-stri". Set. IJame'-sqAreM nMnay ue6 a.oco prcWisel,asPixu Staine( oldssWeiRCE,wTE a& IS oe ieos Chetlien Oriental,and , Dres ksn pNoreuin, abauilod hn l6k tw vr tie odv Japan fcrees. Ihree beutfltsi ter irgree ten two daIs preceding, nord catalogues I had.p! Lins, Plted ytiles ndbEed-teas n,bd PraprietLLr.'wlCToN igointh abroad.e to lThtoLLerAUO.,on ltho Prench,steat,an four-ps bedsteads anOd beddring, wrdobe,chet- 0!rl artiels. an numeous te-dc Mar feavieedornigo sale. Caet-ao. logusathn eciishDroers, Pcklasa an 01theAirudclancbrsi- Sucklerabary, ~ ~ egrvigs arot ad Leinreel-squandre, sehld orth-oerjorHonvstentld ernipturen.w lCi.ERTSandAOB will SELL by AUCTIONTIONte thLProie Mr. THISor DAw, Jun1,airecisea' thwlolo thRIE11e' wah-haUSta Nds1 nandtoilet gase Spialhls- ogany ~sidbohoaIhairs mtnd eas chir inonrroeo,lea COt,andoter abb' wo ptatcnffolrt, togeherwit a ew ance ofwin. i Fot ad herry,ar On idttew Thurday nd mraieroysle captalognvestmontese rmssado YfWiO, sxtaiedGlass indorws, alGtOclv S rnc ELLbyA'l5L 7RI-otv IcON.a :o at Piano, ol%ok,Pctns MnayIf. Irn S .ateI onreGnuel, an va roubstafets,!-ul rrt ESDN-.Na n '-OhShS.eBULLOCK will-bSElLat ebthroeir grses HOUSEHOLD FwUrNITroa, prcluding fllea bedsA teasl 2 ndrbeddin, wngd adesngexwrdoes,z marblte wauhetinds Urpes ewodndr walct Inutrawing room suits,wiathutli ai, ns,tenlers,chn Cbcabinets.ch dinrtablj. chir w igbmn.mErocc. enclasdsideboalsrds,tg E.aniok. ball karitlchn. ent otherdoensticrequsie ind f he3und,oncer. ayb NewedCh st.W*eetba recivedinstuctios frm th r r,cel ho imstgain abrtoa. toSEL by AUTION, onx t-h Pe boouh hael 1 on FrWl idngtyj Jue_,ae9fr3 F(Ull L flNITIII, Aabin bdstads, prLwime g yoosrfater bedf hesPaD;ts o dra xwers, ms_rble-p,as-starnds oltgass jr n coucesmsnd fumitireoh, pianofortegnd= .Q s, chimney glse,pofegaig,crpesand rugs. los. drning, and othertables itehe ghesles, and many uvf ixtemsingdOnviewgtheble.r ugwofrol. iatauefmay b h-eUael onftthor,% rlaise;n forther auc stsoione-ir,n7,Dyerlacetsee- Old mue njctaroad e Frehldan eatmeheld n houe',fordinveetmetororpain I 3R. S LO AndX B ww l SELL by AUCTION, tt buiat thUESMarit. tratHISvAY J 12,m an No-, a t17, 8. , OL21 2OSE, no, 56 Wvrsood-street, ptldSt. four;leseol inor tOand Cahendish-sreermt, lNew ot-road:t Candea-leasehold etlatmedof6our hose, rtstellte rree. IoldInd.rtead Bito. Poarthiclrs i.yb bedrof tioustos, HarritonrndSiA,-.beArong.Ol.iciors, 6, ixootsbr squGare: of s,oSamuelrHsda,,solici, tor2. 2mlew Bran -setrbeetoffer baris'b,mEs- sticior Sadeh oarivate-street; a tithe-Marmt; ad at th HutOneDs oSTiTrE, c21.siu llofr threoer,ciy,.dbears atrc 2 rDd ~ rlmEfmeinthe ery capial PInvestmet Souh. er.t bd dronvenor-prarkunorth,near Cambvgerwel-tog ethe wtohxeln the mnor- reut3per mannu ofe hioket e:t tihreely-mu rseigt-roo med resonsWes EfanstCtae.Egeaerd, producing an grous rentalof 123in,eneno per alntnuos and won very excellent.Cpritate Houes,in uppe nsertnI strbet.lubtoin, Pattebticuas atte mai:ofMsrs hster . Chpotuerk:rchturowrnJA It, Dorghimanr, Ea. T.80, itakigellsree B-q. C2 iook, Ears., Carpets, Glasse, Bed and Table Liznen. Plated Articleg, Chita. Glie, and Effects, T ,R. GEO. DEEKS begs to announce that he wil LYE SEIJsbyAUCTIO.N. oni the TPremi-es Oxford VYUae near the Es rc AXebs Finrhley-rcad. on Thursday, June 19, at 32 precisely, the 'whole of thbe excellent FUmugTUItE; c' niprinlaig a set of b-awing room chairs couch, leasy chairs rosewood loo, card, and occesleqas tables what-not, work table, engravie,gs. and ornamnentq, a set of Spanish mahogany dining room chairs woith leather seats, eight-1eet Scant-h mnahogany pedestal si'lelsoar-l. a set of dining.table with clrcolor endsA opeaig 10 ft. by 5 ft. G dinner wuagon. cheval screen, bandsome chimney-gloss-s. girandoles Brussels carpets, windo,w curtiais, Spanish maboganyAeabiannudfour-postbedsteasta,htaeebedst , iron ditto.goomeslatberbed-andcapitalheddlng, _arlotpa dots,w stands and tables, Spanishmia oganywingedwrd-dob,,njapa0ni3edwrd robs chsof esraseer cber-al ana toilet glassges, and every other re,'uisio crhhed chambers, kitchen ulene-ije, a garden roller, and other eifect,%a To beviewed the day prior end snomning of sale, wisert cataloiese may be had on the premise; ; and at thle auction and Cestat offices. 2.Alhion-street, Byde-~park-slceae Tbe desirable Besidencs toebe Let, Folkeetons. Kent-Rea-side Besldences-AlJsohtte Sae 1JR.T MACA LEOD has receivedj instrocti'ols to a EL.mt the Aurtion Mdart, To-niome the 13th day of--Jane next, at 12 at noon, a detachedl and delightrfrul V'.LLX BEDIDECE, couitaining 10 sonore known as Mactde Villa, with the g:ardessK lawn, du,b-pond, coach-house stat-Irs Offices, and buildlngo, oecet$ediSfo wiIth, Eitslnte in ita own grounds, in that improviog a"=Pa-t -wterina-place, Folt estone. abourt two miintes' walkiroam the Eaiwe"Y Station, anudaconvenient 131taIcefrom the Marbbur. The5 estualtIo Commands the coast of Franee sea and land views, andl lbs premiseS are adlaPted fern fiamily of th'e highest repectability: she Mactallterrace, COWtnstlgof fiectbulpiad sscs. iItOat ln-DoT&-, road,eachhbouse contsis4ng elght rom. ,,deni-5back and front, and replete with every convenience suitable for private famfilie; Al"o Mac'telloaTavem.posegsing. eyeryreTM,rcent for aum extensiTO busmee,16 and now in lull trade, most eiligble o tortnity for investmentt. Te- besld,, neorsevn 84. (fondren 9,The whale wil dietnctlis,ir,,ot3the'vilas lota2, S. 4.5, and6, he erace mc st 7 th Tver- Prtof ihe-purehas ione
