DEATHS. On the 27th of November, at Chatham Islands, off the coast of New ZeaLand, Thomas, eldlest son of James Horaburgh, Esq., of Firtb, P'ittenwreem, Fifeshire, aged. 37. At t'itteuweem, Fifeshire. on the 3d inst., James Horsburgh, Ednq., of Firth, Rtomburghishire, aged 82. On the 15thunt, atbhis seat, Stckeledlorf, in Holsteini,J. Q Blohm. Fmaq.,jormerly of New Broad-street, Londoni. On the2Sdiust_,aged35, Peter. last surviving son of-Mr. Jack, Newreact, Hammerminthr, late~ of Kilbarn. On the 5th inst., at Fairfield, Miss Elizabeth Mxi'dwsool, aged 62. On the 7th inLst., at Ryde. Ise of Wighit, aged 24, Amelia Rebecca, the beloved wife of Johxn Robert Jolly, 1kg., of the War Department, Pall-mall, and 21, Talbot-roAd Camden-road Villas. On the Sth inst., at Wohbun-place, Russell-square, after a few days' illness. John Allen Aldred, age 32, son of John Aldred, Req., late of Boulogne-sur-Stecr, deeply lamented. -On the Stli inist., at Bishop's Well, Chislehurat, Kent, Minna Julia R~uchaanan, the intent daughter of G. Buchanani Woliostou. Esq., aged seven week~s. On the 9fth inst., at Freestone Pembrokeshire, M6ary, widow of the late James Allen. Efa., aged ;F. On the ath inst., at Sendluiret-grange, aged IS, Georgina Laura, daughter of the Hon. Franicis Scott, MY.P On the 9th inst., at her residence, No. 129, Southamnpton-place, N ewra,Sarah, widow of the late John James Eop., of No. 21, Crotchedfiars On the 9th inst., at 10, Heriot-row~, Edinburgh, Thomaas Mlackenzie, Lug., late of Applecrose. and formerly 31.P, for the combined counties of Rosm and Cromarty. On the 10th inst., at Temple-hill, EaLst Buudleigh, GeneraI Sir George P1. Aaacms, KC.H., Colonel of the 6th lIiniskillsng) Dragoons, aged 77. On the 10th inst., at Twirkenhamu, Mr. George Thomas Jolland, of D3rompton, aged 27. On the 10th inst., at 109, Eaton-place, suddenly. Suthierland Hall, Sutherland, Req. In tho night of the lOris last., Mary, the reliet of the lain George John Legh, Req., of High Legh. iou the county of Chester, in the 72d 3eaxot her age. On the 10th ins!., at the house of her brother-in-law, the Rev. James Kelly, Clhurton Homse, Belgrave-road. London, mucs lamented, aftrr a, Drotracted illness. Etizth. Clarinda, eldest dIaughter of the late Henry M1inchin. Rap., of Holywetl Homse, Hants. 1 Thesc., iv., 14.. On the Ilth inst., after a painful illnes, Sarah, the beloved wife of H. S. Ives, of (Irutehedfriara, city, aged -3. On theltlth inst., at Lincoln's-inn-iields-chambers, Mr. Henry Bayie, in his 19th year. On the 31th inst., at -Newton St. Cyres. near Exeter, Lieut.-Colonel Johan Allen Rtidgway, who served in the 95thL Foot (Rifle Itridgadel daring the Peninsular war, suit at WVaterloo.
THE CASE OF TVILLIAk PAL BR. The following correspondence has passed between 1 hIr. Join Smith and Sir George Grey:- " To Tim RIGHT H1. SIR G. GREY. "rSir,-Notwithstandingtheunabated3nnixetywhich exists in tbe publc mind reative to the fate of William Palmer, 1 xbaxe postponed addressing, you on his behalf to the last eosent. Long since his relations and friends would have .rused, in the intensity of their grief, to the Home-office; tbx;t as I have been charged with this matter of life and 'death from its commencement to the prement time, the trduous duty of appealing to you has been delegated to me. Let me, then, claim your largest indulgence. I have now, 'when the sand of William Palmer'c life has run to tie 11th hour-when only a few days stand between hian Lnd the grave, unless your clemency be exercised ix his behalf-to address you as the head of that department 'whid; is recognized as the last sanctuary of injured justice. 'To your judgnent and sense of justice alouemIdo submit a.yself; although since the period of youra dministration the rooords of mercy adorn it more thanz at auy other tinse--stwitlstanding nurder inits blackest forn had been oonmmitted, and its perpetrator, under your merciful 4nd wise dispensa. 'ies,, has beenx allowed to make atoeneent in exile ,or in solitude, still I 1Al not appeal to your sense .of mercy. I have mierely to ask that a respite should talae place in thle execetott of Willian Palmer until the ;raveand m2ost important doubts, medical and circumstan'ial, connected with this case wre brought to an end; -no mnatter how popular pssioti may have been excited to its late state of madness against my 'client, your spirit of justice must pause and examine into the doubts that do exist. Sir, I trcstyou will not reverse one of the first prin'ciplesof our criminal code, but give to my client the full benefit of doubt, if doubt is well founded. I Therefore £round my application for mny cEent's respite,- 'First,-Upon the character,of Charles Newton, who was the principal witness upon the part of the Crown, and whose antecedents were unforturaately unknown to me at the time 'of trial -as also upoIn the character of Mills, whose previous history was, until a day or two since, hidden from me. "Secondly,-U pon the absence of two witnesEes who could, as I believe, have given satisfactory proofs as to the dispceal of the poisons purchased by the prisoner, as well as to the disposRal of Cook's money. "'Thirdly,-pon the discrepancy of the medical testinoony as to the pov;er of iinding of strychnia. **And, iastly,-The Judge's charge. "First, as to witnesses. The importance as to Charles Newton's testimony in procuring a conviction for the Crown cannot be overrated. On the Monday niight before Cook's death New-ton said he sold strychnine to the prisoner, and upon that night Co6k was first seized with symptoms of illness. The medical evidence for the Crown pronounced this illness to have been connected with the administration of strychnine; but there 'as, however, suflicient in the evidence of Charles Newton to renderhim A6vitneasunworthyofbeliefI The hour which he fixedfor theddliveryof thepoison was incompatiblewith the hour that the prisoner was seen at Stafford on the same night. The suppression of all mention of the sale of strychnine before the coroner, the consultation relative to the power and effects of the alkaloid which he represented had occurred betwveen Palmner and himself, and the unfeigned jov with which he represented Palmer to have been seized when he lent to him his boyish knowledge of the powers of strvchni.-all those circiunstances and incidents rendered his testisaonv at the trial of such a nature that even the consuminate ability of the Attorney-G eneral could not deal with it as he wished, and therefore only touched upon it with the light and skilful hand of a master; yet the jury gave implicit faith to this witness. I have now, Sir, to tel you tbat this Chsarles NSew ton has been twice in custody for theft .at Nottingham, and that some of his acts are at preent under investitation. Ought this manto 'oe relied upon in a case of life and death, under the circumstances I have narrated? As ;o the witness .ilLs, she swore on the trial that she slept with 1Mrs Dutton, the mother of the man to whom she states she is engaged. I assert upon most unimpeachable testimony that the mother of the man lives four imiles from her son's residence, and has not been in his house for more than nine months. It m.ay be said that perjury by a witness to conceal the offence of fornication is venial, and that the rest of the testiuony of such witness can be perfectly relied upon. I cannot help thinLing that any person wvho deprts from the paths of N-irtue, and then 2ddsrnerjury.t0c4ver the shamne, may also commit perjury for motives not more worthy. Again let me ask whether life should be sacrified on such testimony. I now., Sir, approach a most important portion of the case-namely, the medical and chvmical testimony. So much has beenwritten s'oken, and been before the world upon this point that it requires but a fewv words from me. Sir, the point upon which so much doubt exists has created a universal and wide-spread feeling relative to the justice of the verdict. Shall not my client have the advantage of all doubts'? Doubts have, ere this, brought unconditional pardondoubts have brought a commutation of punishment. Shall not doubt in the year `56 afford a man a respite from death? o man oug>ht ever to ascend a scaffold with a doubt attachedto his guilt. Let not the first, then, be that illfated man William Palmer, w hom prejudice has long since consigned to the gallows. Dr. Letheby and Mr. Herapath, tw-o of the most eminent toxicologists of this day, upon their solemn oaths declared, that they could discover the O-4tO0th part of a grain of strychnia, rud that if Cook died from that poison they could now find it. Their opinions were enofirmed by some of the most distinguished members of the schools of London, Leeds, Edinburgh, and Dublin. Yet the body of Cook did not yield to the manipulations of Drs. Taylor and Rees the smallest particle of strychnine. Since the unfortunate termination of the trial my table has been Laden with communications of scientific men in confirmation of Doctor Letheby and others. "- If you honour me by your commands I shall be proud to place the correspondence before you, although I hope the facts in reference to Newton and Mlills would alone justify meinthe stron assurance and unclouded hope that a respite, for thebject of further experiments and for the cossequent elucidation of troth, should be granted. 'Upon the last point vhich I wish to call your attention to I must to a certain extent be silent,-I allude to the charge of the Lord Chief Justice. As an oflicer of his court I owe to him every respect and duty, so that nothing but the dearer interests of my client would induce me to allude to him or his charge. I cannot, however, refrain from saying that if a similar rule existed in the criminal law as does in civil law my Lord Chief Justice's charge would be open, as I am advised, to the imputation of misdirection. The public press and the voice of public opinion have unanimously condemned this charge as one-sided and mistaken. 'Upon this point I pray your earnest attention. "I have now touched upon the few topics I originally undertook to bring under your notice; thev are selected from a pile of matter from which I might hasve chosen materials far more redeeming to and beneficial for my client. "I, however,sincerely trust I have given sufficient reasons to postpone the hour of death, and that the 14th inst., 'which will witness a day of universal joy with our brave allies, the French, in the baptism of N'\apoleon IV., may not on that day bathe in tears of bitterness, sorrow, and degradation the relatives and friends of the unfortunate 'William Palmer. 3May I seek as early an answer as may be compatible with the consideration of this sincere application ? "I am, Sir, your most obedient servant, " JOHN SMITH." "Whitehall, June 12, 1856. "Sir,-Secretary Sir George Grey has received and considered your letters of the 10th and 11th inst., in behalf of Williain Palmer, and he directs me to inform you that he can see nothing in any of the points that you have pressed upon his attention which would justify him in interfering with the due course of law in this case. "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "H. WADDINGTON. 31r. John Smith, Bacon's Hotel, Great Queen-street." The prcParations for the execution are nearly completed. 'There will be several very strong barriers erected for the purpose of preventing accidents, as, from the excitement that prnivails upon the subject, it is expected that the crowd will be greater than ever was kno-n on any similar occasion. The magistrates yesterday issuedthe following notice :- "THE EXECUTo. " The mayor and magistrates of the borough of Stafford hereby give notice that on Saturday morning next, for the purpose of preser-ing peace and order, and guarding as far as possible against accidents, the police have received instructions to prevent all young persons under the age of 14 from mixing m the crowd, and they also suggest the propriety of all females abstaining from any attempt to approach the county rison, as the risk of personal injury from the pressure o? a multitude of people will be very great. The mayor and magistrates likewise request that any persons who may intend to erect on theirpremises any platform or other standing places for spectators will give notice to the mayor not later than 10 o'clock a.m. on Friday next, in order that he may instruct the town surveyor to ins the saue, with a view to guarantee its stability and the town surveyor will,thereupon sign a notification which maybe aflixed to the erection. Themayor and magistrates furthermore advise the inhabitants not to leave their houses in an unprotected state, such occasions being sometimes embraced by professional thieves to commit felonies. Signed by order of the mayor and magistrates, " CHAsILES FLINT, Magistrates' Clerk."
FmIGnIWFXL FAIL.-Oni Sunday 3zst a number of 1aSs went to Blackstone Rock, Bewdley, in search of rooks' .or.a0ows' nests. One of the boys, nanmed Lewis, about ten yearm old, becamen more venturesome than the others. The .c.. cM one side shelves down almost perpendicularly, -while the sun.it can be safely gained by :z patl on the ,th,er. ;evwis reached the edge and commenced descendingr the facew the cliff in searchi of some negts- While doirg co he loet his hold and fell to the bottom, a distance littie ,hort of 30 yards. The force of his fall ws; lesened byprojecting parts of the rock, or he would inevitably have Gean dssnhed to pieces. As it was his arm was broken, his face sadly cut and disfigured, while his body received bruises of n very dangerous nature. He was conveyed to his mother's ionse, near the Welsh gate, Where he lies in a precarnDois Ilate.-Worcate' Chroniite. . j
A BISHOP ivjy DISTRESS. TO THE ED4TOf oF TTHE TImES. Sir,-The ultirnace appeal of ill-used persons is to '?Our coluilms. P,ere is a venerable Oriental victim of the Circumlo0,ution-offlce, who has been referred nearly all rouLd the habitable globe from departmnent to dep ntment of that Government on whose righteousr.ess or unrighteousness the sun never goes down. He is a Mesopotamian Koord, sent by the Patriaxch of Antioch to be Archbishop over the Syrian churches of Mlalabar. His patent was drawn. out according to the forms of his Church, was examined and attested at Miosul (near which place the Patriarch of Antioch resides) by Mr. Rassom, and at Bagdad by Colonel Rawlinson. On his arrival at Bombay the Governor, in Council, examined his documents, recognized his position, and granted him a passport to Cochin. Here his difficulties began. The Rajah of Travancore was opposed to his entering that territory, and General Cullen, the British Resident, declined to furnish him with a passport to proceed to the interior of his diocess. He appealed to the Government of Madras, and was referred by them backjagain to the Resident of Travancore. His various appeals to the British Government have been drifting him about from misadventure to misadventure forthe space of six years. He bas now been nearly a twelvemonth in England memorializing Ministers, representing his case, and re- eiving large empty notes on bluefoolscap, referring him to some other department, and having the hdnomr to be-. He has at length succeeded in convincing himself that the British Government and the Court of Directors of the East India Company take no sort of interest whatever in the spiritual welfare of the Christians of Malabar, consisting of about 35,000 | families; that the excommunicated Archbishop (in I favour wvith the Rajah) whom he was sent out to supersede, must remain in possession of his highly dissatisfied diocess; and that he himself had better hno give up for good and all any idea of overtaking nothe igisu faourgs of redress, and o back to his clerical duties in Mfesopotamia. Under these circumstances he has written an epistle general to the Christians of England (whose tenets the primitive church of Antioch-established antecedent to and maintained wholly independent of the Romish see-. are said greatly to resemble), setting forth his tribulations in so quaint and apostolic a style that I think it may equally interest the curious and touch the sympathies of the benevolent reader. I have translated it as literally as I can from the original Arabic, and shall thank you very much if you can find space for it in your columns. I remain. Sir. your obedient servant. GEORGE JOHN CkAYLE 11, Dean's-yard, Westminster. P.S. Such charitable persons as wish to help this unfortunate prelate back to Mesopotamia will send their contributions tohis credit at Coutts's. (Translation from the original Arabic.) "Mar Athanasius Stephanos, by the grace of God Arch- bishop of the Syrian Churches of Malabar, to the Brethren in Christ throughout the churches of Great Britain, greeting: " On account of the arrival of letters and the prayers of the Syrian priests and congregations of Malabar the Patriarch of Antioch elected me, and sent me Archbishop over the Syrian Churches of Malabar, as is the custom, prescription, and canon of the Church of Antioch. I made manifest my condition to the Chief of the Government in Bombay, and he answered me that Malabar appertained to the Presidency of Madras; and when I went to Malabar, and saw the Resident of Travancore, and demanded of him a vriting of permission that I might go into the land, and preach the Gospel according to the prayers of the Syrian congregations, he denied me, and said, 'Thy preaching of the Gospel, and thy sitting down to dwell in this land, the same are in the hand of the Rajah of Travancore.' And for this cause I journeyed to Madras, and made known my situation to the Chief of the Government; and he answered me, 'Because I have received orders from the Court of Directors I may not intermeddle in the like of this thy business, since it relates to the Resident of Travancore " And thereafter there is no count of times I wrote to the Resident, and he answered me as before. And when the Syrian congregations had established me in one of the churches the servants of the Rajah came persecuting me, and saying, ' Inasmuch as thou hast not a passport from the Resident, get thee out hence;' and I remained in this state of abjectness and affliction more than five years for the preaching of the Gospel sake. "A nd then, on account of letters from the said rulers of Ind, and from notices which were written concerning me in Calcutta and Bombay, I said, ' Let me journey to London, wherein is to be found the co-ncil of the ilustrious Queen and their excellencies the Ministers, and the Court of Directors, and all of them Christians, and behold I will make manifest to them my circumstances, and my afflictions, and my misadventures. Surely it shall be a reckoning of justice and conscience that they will empower me to return in peace and preach the Gospel in the land of Travancore, and pray for them.' "And since my coming hither, with all industry I represented my case to the Court of Directors and entreated them that with justice and conscience they might investigate the troubles and distress which accrued to me from the rulers of Travancore for the Gospel's sake; and the Court did not incline nor listen to that because of the tribute money of the Indian Rajab. They despised the Word of God, and lis prophets and apostles, who testify of justice and conscience. And also, whence hereafter shall we hear of the truth and righteousness of the Government of England ? For I presented the rescript of the Patriarch of Antioch in the name of the greatness of the Queen, and I represented the whole of my circumstances to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, and he answered me that they referred my petition to the India Board of Control. And there also I have no word of satisfaction from them these many months, impeding me here. And they have not given me a conftrned freedom of diocess, neither a permiission to go out and Dreach the Gospel, as do the missionaries of Europe in the cities of Ind and Malabar. And because of this obstruction hath gone forth from me everything with wthich my hands were favoured by the benevolence of the English bishops and priests and brethren in India, and also that which I have received of assistance from the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of Oxford, by thehand of MIr. Skinner. "And now truly I remain stupefied, and there is left to me no knowledge of howI shall act; for I have no means to perform my journey. Moreover, I have no hope that the Government willUever accomplish my affair, since the obstruction is too great to be overcome; therefore, it seemeth hotter that I return to Antioch and preach the Gospel in my own land. For this cause I beseech that this my case be set forth in a newspaper, that Christians may read itand understand it; andfor the sake of the command of the Lord the Messiah .as to strangers among the brethren (Matthew x., 40, and Hebrews xiii., 2) may do me benevolence and assistance, that I may return to my own land and prayforthem evermore."
THiURTEmLL N-D PaEsz .-WVith the difference that the circumstances of Thurtell's guilt are not comparable in atrocity with those of the poisoner's, there are points of strong resemblance between the two men. Each was born in a fair station, and educated in conformity with it; each murdered a man with whom lie bad been on terms of intimate association, and for whom he professed a friendship at the time of the murder ; both were members of that vermin race of outer betters and blacklegs, of whom soine worthy samples were presented on both trials, and of whom, as a community, mankind would be blessedly rid, if they could all be, once and for ever, knocked on the head at a blow. Thurtell'sdemeanourwas exactlythat of the poisoner's. We have referred to the newspapers of his time in aid of our previous knowledge of the case, and they present a complete confinnation of the simple fact for which we contend. From day to day during his imprisonment before his trial he is described as " coLected and resolute in his demeanour," as "rather mild and concili-atory in his address," as being visited by " friends whom he receives with cheerfulness," as "remaining firm andnnmoved," as " increasing in confidence as the day which is to decide his fate draws nigh," as " speaLing of the favourable result of the trial with his usual confidence." On his trial lie looks "particularly well and healtly." His attention and composure are considered as wonderful as the poisoner's; he writes notes as the poisoner did; he watches the cases with the same cool eye; he " retains that firmness for which, froin the moment of his apprehension, he has been distinguished ;" he " carefully assorts his papers on a desk near him ;" he is (in this being singular) his own orator, and makes a speech in the manner of Edmuinnd Kean, on the whole not very unlike that of the leading counsel for the poisoner, concluding, as to his own innocence, with a So help me God ! Before his trial the poisoner says he wil be at tie coming race for the Derby. Before his trial Thurtell says, "that after his acquittal he will visit his father, and will propos to him to advance the portion which he intended for him 7, upon which he will reside abroad." So Mlr. 'Manning observed, under similar circumstances, that when all that nonsense was over, and the thing! wound up, he had an idea of establishing himself in the Wrest Indies. WVhen the poisoner's trial is yet to last another day or so, be enjoys his half-poond of steak and his tea, wishes his best friends may sleep as he does, and fears the grave " no more than his bed." (See the " Evening Hymn for a Young Child.") When Thurteel's trial is yet to last another day or so he takes his cold meat, tea, and coffee and "enjoys himself with great comfort;" also. onthemorningof hiserecition,heawakesfrom as innocent a slumber as the poisoner's, declaring that he has had an excellent niaht and that he hasn't dreamed " about this business." WlEetiier tihe parallel will hold to the last, as to " feeling very well and very comfortable," as to " the firm step and perfect calmness," as to "the manliness and correctness of his general conduct," as to "the countenance unchanged by the avfulness of the dituation,"-not to say as to bowing to a friend from the scaffold "in a friendly but dignified manner"our readers will know for themselves F57we knows too.-Hfousckoid IFords.
COURT OF COMMON CoUNCrI. I Y'Keirday a Court was held for the despatch of public business. Mr. Woodthorpe read the following communications.- " Paris, June 6. * "Sir,-I am happy to be able to reply to your letter of yesterday's date by transmitting to you the accompanying opy of a letter -which I have just received from the Prefect of the Seine, begging me to convey to the Corporation of the City of London the best thanks of the municipalbodyof the city of Paris for the illuminated address of the corporation, wvhich I had forwarded to the Prefect as soon as it reached me, agreeably to the request contained in your letter of the 17th uit. "I have the honour, &c., "To IL Alworth Merewether, Esq-, GuildhalL," " Paris, June 5. i"y Lord,-I have received the illuminated and frame I copy of the answer made by the corporation of London ti the deputation from the municipality at the time when I had the honour of accompanying the latter to London last year. "The hlunicipal Corporation of the City of Paris confides to me, my lord, the honour of requestiag that you will have the goodness to transmit to the Corporation of London their marked thanks for the magnificent object of art by which that assembly has wished to consecrate a memorable event in the history of the two cities. "The Municipal Corporation of the City of Paris alse confides to me the honour of presenting to your Lordship its special thanks for the care which your Lordship has taken to insure the arrival of the copy at its destination. " Have the goodness, &c., "To Lord Cowley. " HAUSSUAN." The communications were ordered to be entered on the Journals of the Court amid applause. THE CMMISSIONER OF POLCE. Deputy PEACOCK brought up the following report, which was ordered to be printed and circulated among the members of the Court:- "To the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled. "We, whose names are hereunto subscribed, of your committee in relation to the police of this city, do certify that we have received and taken into consideration a letter from the Commissioner of the City Police, relative to the residence and offices in the Old Jewry. " We have also received a copy of a report made to the Court of Aldermen by a cormmittee of that court upon the same subject. " And we your committee, having fully deliberated upon all the circumstances, are of opinion, and recommend that, in consideration of his long and efficient services, the desire of the commissioner should be complied with, by an allowance being made to him of the sum of 2001. per annuin, in lieu of his being provided with a residence, such allowance to commence from Christmas last. " All which we submit to the judgment of thishon. Court. -Dated this 24th day of April, 1856. "W. A. PEACOCK, A,TD OTHERS." The Court, after disposing of some unimportant business, adjourned.
DE BAZANCOU.RPS HISTORY OF THE CRlIMEAN EXPEDITJON. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The origin, character, and veracity of the Baron do Bazancourt's Yarratirxi of the Crinmean Expedition have formed the subject of discussion among nearly aU your English contemporaries, as well as with the Belgian and German press; while every journal in France is full of the same subject, and the climax has been reached by an officialparagraph in the.lfoniteu, and an announcementthat the official journal is about to " review" the book in detaiL Much of this " stir" is attributable to the criticisms of the English journals, and their assumption that the Baron had been guilty of " injustice to the English," and had written in a spirit of hostility toward our army and our Government. In the midst of all this, however, no one seems to have considered how it personally affects the author of the work in question. The two armies, the two Governments, the people of the two nations, and the press of both England and France, have all had their assailants and their advocates, but the author of the book has had no opportunity for a word on his own behalf. Were the remarks upon his book, however disparaging, or even UDjust, they might be, restricted to mere literar criticism, the bad taste of attempting any "defence would be obviow; but, in this instance, it is the veracity of the author which is impugned, and it is against numerous and swveeping accusations of "calumny," ' wilful misstatement," and '- gross partiality," that I ask your permission to offer a few words of defence and denial on the part of the author. And I trust that for a reply to such accusations yon will not refuse to orien your columns. And, first, it is mere justice to the author to insist that this work was written, not merely in the French language, but for the French nation, and that it neither intends nor professes to do anything else than give a detailed statement of the French share in the war, and the French view of the whole subject. The author especially declares this in his prefaee, and the Mfinister of War refers to the work in anticipation, as "strictly national" (toutc rationale). And, although it also gives the French view of the purely English portion of the war-the management of our army-its endurance in the camp and its achievements in the fieldthese things are treated briefly, and only as incidental to the more diretnarative oftheoperationsoftheFrencharmy- The work does not even claim the judicial and retrospective character of deliberate " history," but offers only a contemporaneous record-a daily chronicle-of the events of the war, noted down in the order of their occurrence, and with scarcely an attempt to pronounce any judgment upon them. Some occurrences, which have chalenged censure even from ourselves are unavoidably mentioned, but it is in a forbearing spirlt, nor are they dwelt upon further than trath and candour compel; while when opportunity offers to record those deeds which do credit to our arms it is eagerly and cordially made available, and nothing can surpass the frankness with which the author bears testimony, in instances innumerable, to the indomitable courage, the unwearied endurance, and the indefatigable perseverance of our gaDant troops. And it is important to remember that M1. de Bazancourt had no access, on the English side, to those sources of information which were opened to him by the officers of his own nation; and that he 'was, therefore, not only precluded, by the very scope and purpose of his work, from attempting any detailed narrative of the English share in the expedition, but that, under such circumstances, even the attempt to give more than a general outline of the operations of our army would have been highly inappropriate and presumptuous. But the proceedings of the French army and of our own are treated with equal frankness; and surely our system or our management must be faulty indeed if even friendly criticism is deprecated and the honest statement of facts condemned, because the allusion to them necessarily implies fault somewhere. I affirm boldly that the tone and spirit of the work are in the highest degree friendly to England and the English army; and I refer to the hook iself in support of the assertion, and the author's sole fault (if fault it is) is that he did not consider it consistent with his duty to suppress notorious facts. In truth, the auspices under which the workv was written and published offer a w-isi4 facie guarantee of its thoroughly "friendly" spirit and purpose. The English press itself has cited "facts" far more unpleasant than any which the Baron has named, and accompanied them with that language of censure and accusation which he has carefully forborne. Is it "English fair-play" that our whole press must fly. to arms and " open fire" upon a French gentleman for not absolutely suppressing truths which one-half of themselves had ridden to death as olitical " stalking-horses " months and months agone? Aam authorized to say that the work was written with the greatest desire not only to do justice to the English, but to express the author's respect and admiration for them and his sympathy with the cordial friendship so happily subsisting between the two allied nations. That his work iS mainly devoted to the record of the gallant achievements of his own countrymen is frankly admitted; but that it disparages the courage, conduct, or deeds of the English (simply because he does not attempt or profess to record theml he ne less einnhiatfrna1Iv/Ann And as to the momcntous question of the "honesty and truthfulness of the narrative,' it is to be remarked that all its important statements of fact are attested by direct reference to the sources (almost always official) whence they are derived; so that, although his " comments" are but expressions of individual opinion (and claim to be no more), the " fact?' upon wvhich they are founded are authenticated with all the weight of official documents, and by that right of seeking information from the highest sources which the author's employment by his Government had given him. Those " opinions" are also unquestionably these of the persons from whlom he drew the materials for his narrative;and thus embody the views adopted on the scene of action itself by the officers and army of our allies. Great importance has been attached in some quarters to a declaration in the Moniteur to the effect that this book is "not official," and its expressions of opinion not to be considered as formaUy advanced on behalf of the Government, but as the independent expression of the author's own views. But the truth is that the declaration in question was challenged, by the assertion, in various quarters, that the book was not only official," but that it contained aformal declaration of the views of the French Sovereign and his Government. It is therefore quite comnrehensible that the official journal (while not throwing the shadow of doubt upon any statement of M. de Basancourt's) should think it due to the Baron himself, as well as to the Government, to point out that those "views" were not put forward " officially," and that the Baron had not made himself the mere mouthpiece of a public department, while professedly speaking in his own name and behalf, but had in reality preserved his own complete independence of expression. There had, in fact, been an effort to make it appear that the Emperorhimself and his Government had put forward, under cover of an individual name, an open and avowed expression of their own views in regard to the war and an " official criticism" upon the conduct of an allied nation and its army !-a proceeding, the indelicacy of which any Government might well desire to disavow. The loniteur declares its purpose of "reviewing" the Baron's work; and I venture to predict that its criticisms will be found perfectly in accordance with the above interpretation (the universal one upon the Continent) of its late announcement respecting this book. Imust apoligize for the length of this letter, but the case is peculiar, and the subject itself one of considerable interest in its various bearings, and necessarily of great personal importance to the author of the book which som) of your contemporaries have so harshly judged and s severely condemned. In the author's feelings I cannot but share, net only from personal respect for himself, but from that conviction of the authenticity and perfect honesty of the book which I have derived from the thorough and careful study of its contents inseparable from the task oE translating it into English, which task I have ust plished under the sanction of the auLthor. acom Iam. Sir. vnnr obedient snrvnn JR.HE. 0. LiIJ4 June 9. - -
PARIAMTRNTABY INTBLLIGcNCE. - HOUSE OF LORDS, THnDAY, Jin; 12. - The LoRD CHANc%LLOR took his seat on the woolack tt 5 o'dlock. The Earl of SItAFrESBIURY presented a petition from Ballitore, for the abolition of the punisihment of death, and also one from the .Society of Friends, met at their yearly meeting, to the same effect. The petitions were most :respectably signed, but his lordship said that he totaly dissented from their prayer. Lord BERNERS presented petitions against the grant to Maynooth College, from Aylestone, Leicester; Kendal Westmoreland; Avon, Glocestershire; Felthorpe, Norfolk. The Earl of DONOUGElMORE presented a petition from a noble earl, a member of their lordshipa' House, the Earl of Mounteashell, complaining of certain proceedings in the Encumbered Estates Court in Ireland in reference to the 7se of certain estates belonging to that noble earL He alleged thathis estates.hadbeen soldfora priceconsiderably' under their value. He (the Earl of Donoughmore) would take the opportunity of asking the noble and learned lord on the vooblack whether, in the event of neither of the two *plans nowsbefore the,EIousc of Commons, in reference to the pcorporataon of the- Enctimbered EstatesCourt with the Court of Chancery, being adopted, it was intended to bring in > continuance bill of thepeetcnt o nte he prese. t .~ urt. for another The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that it was the intention of the Government to bring in a short continuance bill in reference to the Encumbered Estates Court, unless the result of the legislation which was now going on in the House. of Commons should be to incorporate that court with the Conrt of Chancery. There were at present two bils before the House of Commons-one introduoed by his hon. and learned friend the Attorney-General for Ireland, and the other by Mfr. Wbhteside, the object of both of which was to do away with the Encumbered Estates Court nominally, and to make it permanent under another name. If that object should not be accomplished, then, as he had said, there would be. a continuance bilL With regard to the petition of the Earl of MIountcashell, he (the lord Chanceilor) begged to state that he had applied to Mr. Hargrave, the Commnissioner of the Encumbered Estates Court, and that he had received an answer from that gentleman, 'who after protesting against being caUed upon in this unusual manner to account for a judicial order issued by the Courts said that the estates in question had been put up to sale in the ordinary mamner, and the highest priCe that any one was willing to offer had been obtained for them. Lord CAMPBELL did not complain of the noble earl for presenting the petition, bat he did notthink thatit was one which their lordships ought to receive, because it asked them to do that which they had no power whatever to do, and he should therefore move that the petition be not received. After afew words from the LoRD CHASCELLoR the petition was withdrawn. The report of amendments to the County Courts Act Amendment Bill was brought up and agreed to. Tho Draughts on Bankers Bill was read a third time and passed. REFORMATORY AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS BILL. Lord RAVENSWORTH moved the postponement of the comnittee upon tnia bill. The Earl of CLANCARTY inquired whether this or a similar bill was not to apply to Ireland? The Duke of ARGYLLpuxt a similar questionwith regair o Scotland. This was important, because, if so, the measu miight interfere with the provisions of a Scotch bill which had been introduced relating to the same subject. The Earl of HARDWICKE. thought the whole subject of ,eformatory schools ought to be taken up and dealt with by the Government instead of being left in the hands of private members'of Parliament. In his oDinion, it was a question for grave consideration, whether, by establishing such schools, you were not holding out an incentive to crime by offerin a remium to a certain class of parents to induce their childrentcommitoffences, in order to qualify them for the reception of this eleemosynary assistance. The whole question was one of immense importance, and ought, he repeated, to be taken up by the Government. The Earl of HARROWBY said, the subject had not been overlooked by the Government, but the conclusioa they had come to was, that this particular process of reforming juvenile offenders would be best intrusted to private hands. The influence exerted over such offenders must be the influence of kind hearts and of strong minds, and this sort of influence was difficult to be obtained through the medium of State machinery. (Hear.) Thirty or fortyyears ago this samne method was, he believed, pursued with regard to refuges for the destitute. If the Government undertook the establishment of these reformatory institutions great difficulties, both religious and moral, at once started up. What, it would immediately be asked, was to be the religious training adopted? Was it to be the training of the church of England? Such objections did not arise when these establishments were left to individual effort, and he thought, under aU the circumstances, the Government had done wisely in declining to interfere by lifeless State machinery in a work which was at present being actively and heartily carried on throughout the whole country. (Hear.) As to the noble earl's fears of danger to society from the establishment of reformatory institutions, which would to a certain extent tend to the encouragement of crime, that difficulty was met by a provision in the existing law, which enabled the magistrates, on committing a child to the reformatory, to charge the parent with payment of a sum for his maintenance. This provision could not be acted on in every case, but it -was very generaly carried into effect, and would exert, lie believed, a wholesome influence upon parents. (Hear, hear.) Lord RAVENSWORTH said, the observations of his noble friend and relative (the Earl of Hardwicke) seemed to be directed against the very principle of reformatory establishments rather than against any special provisions oroosed for adoption. Now, whatever opinions might be formed with regard to these institutions, it wasan undoubted fact that they formed a part and pareel of the institutions of the country at the present moment. There was hardly a populous district or a populous town in England which had not besieged the Home-office with deputations praying for the establishment of these scbools, andno less than three acts of Parliament now appeared on our statute-book which were passed for the express purpose of regulating reformatories. It was therefore beside the question to protest against a principle which had already been adopted, was now in full operation, and the working of which could only be tested by experience. (Hear, hear.) In answer to the noble earl behind -him (the Earl of Clancarty) le begged to state that the bill could not possibly be appled to Ireland, inasmuch as Ireland did not at present possess reformatory institutions. There was a measure upon the subject before the other House, which was being met, however, with strenuousopposition. To a certain extent, the measure would be applicable to Scotland. The postponement of the bill was then agreed to, and the House adjourned shortly before 6 o'clock.
HOUTSE OF COMSONs, ThUmDAy, JrNE 12. The Sprnxm1 took the chair at 4 o'clock. PRIVATE BUSINESS. The Aberdeen and Scottish Midland Junction Railway Cornpaies Amalgamation Bill, the Halifax and Huddersfield ad Bill, the Lymaington Railway Bill, the Shrewsbury and Welchpool Railway Bill, the West London and Crystal Palace Railway Bill, the West of Fife Mineral Railway BDl, and the London and South-Western (Yeovil to Exeter) Railway Bill were severally read a third time and passed. Petitions against the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent were presented by Lord FHOTHASIIf from inhabitants of North Dalton, Yorkshire; by Mr. PACKE, from Hjigham-on-the-Hlill, in the county of Leiccster;* and by Sir S. BrGEoxo, from the parish of Heileadon, in wNorfolk. Petitions against the Scotch and Irish Paupers Removal Bill were presented by Mr. SA .W Loxrh, from the parochial hoard oitho'parish of Dunharton ; and hyMor.W.an lasg from the grardians of St. Mary, Ne hington, also, from the medical offcers of the Walwvorth Union Petitions praying for the abolition of capital punishment were presented by Mr. FATORYSO, from inhabitants of the cyity of Carlisle; and by Mor. BMIAES, from a public meet ing at Bolton. Ph etiinserayingebl ofo ah lawet prevent afrcomentdo wag,es were pesented by M ir. A W. Lockhart, from Glasgow; by M.ALEXANDER HAsTIE, from wrorkmen in tahe eoya e ntrh of Metssrs. eA and fr Cochran, Glasgow; t.he wrorks of Mr. Robert Jeffrey, Marybill, Lanark, and of Messrs. Black and Wingate, Kelvinhough, Lanark. Petitions in favour of the repeal of the laynooth grant vere presented by the AProvtxEY-GEsERat, from the Presgyterian church at Southampton; and by n ip r. Cotwos, from the General Assembly of the Free Church of Scotand. Petitionsbwere also p resented by Sir 3. M'TAOA RT, from theRoyal barghof Utraroer, in favourof the Parochial Schools Bill; also, from the same, in favour of the LordAdvocate's Education Bifor Burgs (Scotland); by MBrD CoBis, from the Lord Provost,n mistrates, and town-coun opil of Edinhurgh, complaining of the present system of registering Parliamentary and municipal electors, and prayig that the act of Victora, chap. 18, may be extended to Scotland - by Mr. A. Sirpris, from the medical officers of the et. Alban's Union, in the county of Hnertford,_praying for redress of their grievances; by ar. W. LocAirsTof , from' the Eirk Session of Hamilton, agaist the Parochial Schools (Scotland) BiUl by Mr. ena from guardians of Cheadle, Staffordshire, in favour of the Bill for Rating IMines; by Mr. fi ILI,a ,ant, from the ratepayers of the township of Horsforth, in the parish of Guisely, West Riding of Yorkshire, against the dissolution of the Gilbert Union Act; by Mn. BLSunasc, from owners and occupers of land in the western division of the county of Norfok , against the Tithe Commutation Rent-charg BIll; also, from varioms associations at Stafford, Newcaste upon-Tyne, Bradford, andSheffield, against the recent decna ration on maritime law agreed to at Paris; by Captain Sco- eLL, from inhEabitants of Bath, for repressing the sale o? ntoxscating lquors n Ireland on Sundays; by M[r. PACBRO from Pershore Uion and Evesham, in the county of Wlor*ester; from Woodbridge and seven other places in the ounty of Suffolk, and from Meeson and Bolas Magna, in phe county of Salop, agast the Agricultural Statistihs Bill; 1 y lord HFor[Ar, from Garrison Ground Comnmittee of meingaton-upon-Hullf aganst the Poor Law Amendment Act (No. 2); by Sir W. CrAY, from the vestry of -St.' George's in-the-East, against the bill to facilitate leases and sales of settled estates; by Mr. BBOTISERTON, from the North Staffordshire Railway Company and froml the Lambeth Waterwrorks Company, againSt the Public Health Bill; also, from) the medical ofiBcers of the Sa7ford Poor Law Union, praying for a redress of grievances by which they have been so long oppressed; by Mr. E. BALL, from owners and occupiers of land in Hddenham, Stretham, Thetford, Wilburtob, Ely, Cambridge-market and Witchford, all in the county of Cambridge, aganst the Tithe Cominta stEM Rent-charge seasen; and b 3{r. , from solicitors iin th ty of Bath, in favour of the- Wills anc tho BDi, ibt Xugestinz yaious amendments in tedtii , ~ - TH FORBES ACE ENZE ACT. - In replyto 3&k. CoBbiTi,: The ILORD-ADVOCATE said, e had no intention to proposean meaSUre-for the epeulormlterialmodificatiou gf the act kown as r. Forbes Mackenie's Act. THEE SBATRlZAN :LOAN. Tho CHANCELLOR of the EXCHIEQUE brought up a Message from the Queen. The SPEAXER read the Message, as follows:- "VICTORnr RI-Her Majesty thinks it right to acqsin the House of Coznmons that she has conluded a convention. with His Majesty the lKing of Sardinia, by which she has andertaken to recommend to her Parliament to enable her to advance, by way of o1n1 to Hs Maesty the King of Sardinia a sum of one milion pounds sterling, coutemplated by a convention made betweenHer Majesty and His Majestythe King of Sardinia on the 26th of January, 1855, in ike manner, instalmnents and proportions, and subject in -all tespects to the same conditions as if the late warhad not been brought to a close at the expiration of twelve months from the payment of the first instalment of the sum of one million pounds sterling under the last-nentioned convention. "The Government of Hlis Majesty the King of Sardiia engages to accept the advance of this additional sum'on the same conditions in all respects, especially as to the calculation and payment of the interest, as if such advance had been made under the last-mentioned convention. " Her Majesty has directed a copy of this convention-to be laid before the House of Commaons, and she relies on the public spirit of the House of Commons for enabling her to mnake good the engagement which she has contracted. ",V. B?' The CIANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that the Message be taken into consideration on Monday next, which was agreed to, and the right hon. gentleman then laid on the table a copy of the treaty. AGRICULTURAL STATISTiCS BILL, In reply to Mr. BENTS-Ci;, The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he was unable at present to fix any particular day when the Agri cultural Statistics Bill would come on. It would not be on Monday, lit a statement would then be made whether it would be taken the succeeding Thursday or Friday. VACCDlATION. In reply to Mr. MIcia, Sir G. GREY said, he received a -communication some time ago from the Registrar-General, making soree valuable suggestions as to the Vaccination Bill of his right hon. friend the President of the Board of Health, and he transmitted the letter to the Board of Health. There had been no correspondence on the subject. Mfr. MICHELL gave notice that, on a future occasion, he should movethat the letter be laid on the table of the house. COUINTY COURTS BILL. The motion that the Speaker leave the chair, in order that the House might resolve into Committee of Supply, having -been moved, Mr. ROEBUCK said, he wished to put a question to the Secretary of State for the Home Department with reference to the Countxy Courts BilL Some time ago, in answer to a question on the subject, the right hon. baronet said he could not give any direct information, but would inquire. He wished to know whether the right hon. gentleman had inquired, and, if he had inquired, whether he had learnt anything? He wished also to inform the right hon. gentleman that there was a very general opinion that it v-as never intended to bring this bill down from the House of Lords. Cries of (" Order !") Sir G. GREY said, if the hon. and learned gentleman put his question in that form, it would necessitate a speech in reply. Mr. ROEBUCK said, he had a right to put it in that form. There was a question before the House. Sir G. GREY begged pardon for interrupting. He was not awvare any motion had been made. Mr. ROEBUCK resumed.-There was a general opinion, in which he thoroughly concurred, that this bill in the House of Lords was employed as the means of staving off a disagreeable question, and that it was never intended to come downto this House. He was not to be put off in that way. If the bill did not come down he should bring forwad the question in a definite shape. Sir. G. GREY said, in consequence of the question which the hon. and learned gentleman addressed to him on a former occasion, he communicated with the Lord Chancellor, and the Lord Chancellor informed him he expected the bill would leave the House of Lords in a week- or ten days. With egard to any intention on the part of the Government to evade the question, he could only give that assertion the most unqualified contradiction. (Hear, hear.) THE PAPER DUTY. lMr- GIBSON wished to put a question to the hon. member for the University of Dublin. The hon. member and his right hon. colleague had introduced a bil, enlitled "a bill to repeal and amend certain laws and statutes relating tothe University of Dublin." In that bill there was a clause by which the hon. gentleman proposed to extend the exemption now allowed from the Excise duty charged on paper used in the printing of Bibles, Testaments, Psalm hooks, and books of Common Prayer to educational books used in the University of Dablin and printed at the University press. The extension of exemption from paper duty to educational works was a sabject in which he had taken great interest. He was very glad to find that the hon. members for the University of Dublin admitted by this proposal the important influence which the paper duty had in checking the diffusion of knowledge and preventing education. lHe vished therefore to ask the hon. member whether this bill was to be proceeded with, and when? And, further, he wished to ask wiether the hon. gentleman would communicate with his right hon. colleague and consider the propriety of joining him in asking the Governmcnt to make a larger concession thanA the one he proposed, and extendathe exemption from paperduty to educationalworks used not only in the University of Dublin; but ;generally throughout the country, and to schoolbooks. (Hlear.) Mr. HAMhILTON said, a bil had been prepared in conformity with the report of the Commissioners on the University of Dublin. They stated that the UJniversity of Dubln possessed certain privileges with reference to the duty on paper, and that if the duty were continued the privilege ought, in their opinion, to be extended to all books for educational purposes. The biU was drawn up in conformity with that recommendation. It would depend a good deal upon the ChanceUor of the Exchequer whether it was competent to his right hon. friend and himself to proceed with that bil, but he should be glad to see the pnvilege in question extended to all educational inst:tutions. The bill stood for Friday, but he did not propose to move the second reading then. It was also proposed to alter the law, so as to admit Roman Catholics as well as Protestants to be professors in the College of Physicians. OUR RELATIONS WITH TIRE UNITED STATES. lr. BAILLIE.-A euestion was put to me the other night by an hon. gentleman, who appears to take an interest in the affairs of the United States, as to -what I intended to do with reference to the motion of which I gave notice upon foreign recruiting. I wish to ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer a question as to the course of public business to-morrow. I understand that the army estimates are to come on to-morrow. Now, the noble] lord at the head of the Government promised to give me due notice before the army estimates were brought on. The question I wish to put is, whether the army estimates are to be brought on to-morrow? The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUE.R.-If the civil service estimates should be voted to-night we intend to propose the navy estimates the first thing to-morrow. If the time will admit, we propose to take the army estimates afterwards. Mr. BAILLIE.-I shaU consider that course a breach of faith on the part of the Government, because I do not consider that is giving me fair notice. (Eear.) Mfr. DISRAELI.-I am sure Her Majesty's Government do not intend to commit a breach of faith towards my hon. friend; but I was certainly under an impression from what took place that there was an understanding in the House between my lhon. friend the member for Invernesshire and the noble lord the First Minister, thatvery sufficient notice should be given when it wasthe intention of the Government to propose the vote for the army estimates, so that my hon. friend might call attention, if he should think fit, to the question of our present relations with the United States. It vill be in the memory of the House that I have on one or two occasions addressed questions to the noble lord the First Minister, who is now absent, on that subject, and to those questions Ihavenot receivedanyprecise answer. (Hear.) If the noble lord at the head of the Government had been present to-night I should have addressed anotber inquiry to Her iajesty's Governmentupon the same subject, because, although as fiuther arrivals apparently are notified from the United States, yet there is a very general impression that a communication of great importance has been made from the United States to Her Majesty's Government. (Hear.) Considering that the noble lord is absent, I have thought that, upon the whole, it would be more convenient that I should not address that question to the Government, and I have no doubt that my hon. friend who originated this discussion has been very much influenced by the same consideration. I certainly do think that there was an understanding with my hon. fliend, that an opportunity should be given him for bringing forward the nature of our relations with the United States; and I understood, also, myself that the - motion for going inito supply on the army estimates would afford a favourable opportunity for that discussion, and that the First Minister had agreed that due and sufficient notice of the intention to go into supply upon the army estimates should be given to my hon. friend. Certainly, if the ;Government intend to go into supply upon' the army estimates to-morrow night, I and every hon. gentleman shaU expect that, if a discussion is to be raised upon the state of 'our re2ations with the United States, the Government will -meett the onvenince of the. Hae byppby ng f, It. .(Kwr, hear.) The CENCELIEWR of the XCH QfR.-I, ii;' aware of the 'understanding to which the right hc.ri.e. ma m alluded, but tbere -wll be no-difmcultyin aiagir.. that the army estimates shall come op on Monday 'r If it wMll suit the convenence oE the House itwll perhaps' -r be better to fi the ay stimatesfor next monday. mr. DISsRAELA -I apprehend that will very much'de- pend Upon the anLswer which the Govermment may make t-. the inquiry that will be made of them. Consideiingthe, abBence of the noble lord, I think it vill be inconvenient.' nowtofixthe day. i The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQR-.At. al events the army estimates will not be taken to-morrow. Sir J. pAKNGTON had also to complain of a breach ofE faith. There had been a distinct uadergtand ing jUtt theeducational votes should be talen the first thing that evening, but it now appeared that the civil contingencies were first to be taken. The CHNCELR of the EXCHEQUER did nDol aLpprehend that the civil contingencies would take up muchs. time. Mr. BILATTLI-I beg to saythat 1 do not intena to adhere to the terms of my notion, in oonsequence of the very important events that have since occurredL I intenlto alter the terms of the notice, and I shall put mayamended notice upon the votes as soon as the day it fixed. TESTAME.NTARY JURISDICTION BIUJ Mr. R. 1 LLUdOBE hoped that the alterations made,-, in this bill would be printedbefori the bill was pressed for- . ward for a second reading. Mr. LABOUCHIERE believed that the 23d inst. Ws fxed. for the discussion of the bilL. Sir. P. KELILY doubted whether the alterations could bet made until after the second readin&g when the SolicitorGeneral would state their nature and purport. ACCESS TO THE PARK. Mr. STAFFORD rose to put a question as to the intentions of the Government with regard to allowing the public, to have access to St. James's IPark. Were the inhabitants' of this city henceforth to betreated like those of ParisF,. Vienna, and Naples, or ws it thought desirable stil to continue that exclusion of which he had on former occasions. complained?I (Hear.) Whether the vote for which theGovernment would ask- to-morrow were or were not agreed to, they oulght to state eitherthat they stll intended to resist. the repeatedapplicaitionshichhadbeenmadefortheopening of the gates leading into the Park, or that they looLed upon. the inhaibitaints of the metropolis as wrorthy, from their past. conduct, of having this stmal boon granted to themn. *Mr. WIISON said, the hon. gentleman had better defer the question until to-morrow, when the vote would be proposes i Mr. HUTCEINS suggested that the vote for the bridge and the vote for the road should be moved separately. Mfr. WILSON replied, that they would be taken as distinct votes. The House then went into committee. SIUPPLY.-CIVIL CONTI\NGENCIES. * On the vote of 100,0001. for civil contingencies, Sir F. BARING rose to move its reduction. He ad- mitted that 100,000. was a reasonable amount, but hsawould show that a much larger sum was, in fact, at the dispesal of the Government to meet-the charge of civil contingences. A portion of the vote was employed in making advances to different departments, which were repaid in the following year, so that the advances and repayments of each year balauced one another. When there was a surplus it. remained in the Exchequer and accumulated, and might at. any time be emploved, diffeinr in that respect from other votes. There now actualUy existedan accumation of' 100,0001. in the Exchequer, so that if another 100,00DI. were voted the amount actually at the disposal of the Government would be 200,0001. For the last six years the, Government had tak-en a vote of 100,0001. for civil contin- gencies, and he would now state what had been the actua' expenditure during the same period. Inl850-1, it was 65,3001. ; in 1851-2, 89,ffOO.; in 1852-3, 79,8001. ;h in' 1853-4, 70,0001.; in 1855, 7",0001.- in 185-6,. 82,800. Thus the average expenditure was 77,0101and in no year had it exceeded 90,0001. If the committee should vote 130,0001., he thought theywould leave an amole margin to meet any possible charge that could arise. Ile was now argung on the facts as they stood on Monday last, but his right hon. friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer bad informed him that with. 100,OOO . in the Exchequer he could not well ask the committee to vote another 100,0001.; and, therefore, before. seeing his (Sir F. Baring's) intended motion, his right hon. friend had given directions that oO,0001. should be returned. as aviangs back again to the Treasury. This was doing the. 6ainethingas6he now proposed in another w;ay, and very inuch narrowed the difference between huifn and his iaght; hon. friend, who, still asking for a vote of 100,0001., proposed practically to have 140,0001. He nevertheess would. ask his right hon. friend why he could not go on -with 10,0001. less thanhe proposed, considering that forthe last sir years the demand for the civilcontingencies inno oneyear- exceeded 90,0001. Headmittedthathisrighthon. friend had-' the illuminations to pay for, but surely a surplus of 50,000.' was too much for that purpose; and he doubted whether, by the amendment he should move, he would not be lea too large a sum in the hands of the Government. Besides the unexpended balances lhe had aB!nded to, there were other means by wrhich the fund for the civil contingencies.' was increased. The civil contingencies became a lending fund, and lent to other departments. That system had. been carried to a considerable; extent, and he admitted that, there was a great convenience in Government having a fundc from which they could advance in case of necessity to other-, departments, the advances to be afterwards repaid. Great. care must, however, be exercised in malng these advances; for public departme'nts, like young gentlemen,' when sure that they could obtain money to get them out of'. a serape, would be pretty certain to gct into a scrape. D riog the last six years 600,0001. had been voted for the civil contingencies, and no more than 462,0001. and odd had been. expended, so that there had been more voted than exKpended. by about 137,0001. That sum ought to be an accumulation in the Exchequer, but he did not believe it was there. The. sum of 1000OOL w as about the amount in the Exchequer, leaving 37,0001. unaccounted for, which amount, he apurehended,was either in the hands of the Paymaster-General in, ome shape or other, or s.lvnced to other departments, with respect to which that Honse knew nothing. He thought; that this vote ought to app5ear in some other shape in the Aestimates, for the information given in regard to it 'as per-; fectly useless. (}Iear, hear.) What wvas wranted was a.' statement of the amount voted in the preceding year, of the. actual payments made, of the balances in theExchequer orPay-office, and of the sums loaned out and repaid, with. specifications of the amounts loaned to the different depart ments. The right hon. gentleman concluded by saying that, as he now understood 60,OOGl. had been paid oack to the. 'Exchequer, he should alter the motion he had intended to, make, and now move that the vote be reduced by 10,O0. Mr. WILSON quite agreed with the right hon. gentle. ,man that nothing could be more unsatisfactory than the. svstem on which this account had formerlv been kept Fer' 'the last few years, however, the tendency of the rasur had been to reduce the vote and the chargescomnected 'ithI it, and it was now only half of what it usually was at, the time when the right hon. gentleman had been. 'Chancellor of the Exchequer and Secretasy of the Treasury. In a vote of this description it was necessary to allow a con-' siderable margin, because it was impossible to calculate. beforehand what the actual charges would be h but it by no-' ,meansfollowed that, because a larger sum was voted than was needed, it would all be expended. The advances. referred to by the right hon. gentleman were most of them. of a character which there would be no objection to lay on, the table, but some, perhaps, it would not be altogether expedient to publish, until some little time at least after they' 'weremade. To showthensual characteroftheitems,there. 'was a sum of 20,0001. for advances on account of Ordnance experiments, 20,0001. advanced to the County Courts to coverdeficiencies of fees, and 28S. advanced to the Irish Court of Chancerv to cover deficiencies in the Suitors' Fee Fund. All the advances were made to meet serviceswhich had not been foreseen at the time when the vote for the departmenlt was. taken, and not, as the right hon. gentleman had stated, toeke out the ordinary services of the year. The amount of' the advances made fluctuated considerably each year. Last. 'year they amounted to 246,0001., the year before that to 227,0001., and the year before that to 82,000l.; so,that it was quite impossible to estimate beforehand the amount required. He had had drawn up in. the Treaury a debtor and creditor account of these advances extending over the last 10 years, which showed how' every shilling had been excpended, and it appeared that, ;ithout including the account of the Irish advances, which. had not yet been sent in, the w hole amout of the outstanding balance due was only 1,9001. (Hear, hear.) 'Under these, circumstances, he hoped the right hon. gentleman would not. press his motion to a division. Mr. WILLIAMS criticised the items of the vote, and ask-ed the hon. gentleman the Secretary of the Treasury' (Mr. Wilson) from what source he expected the repayment. of such advances as those to the County Courts and to the. Courts of Chancery, in Irelandc? Ir. WISE said that there were in this vote a great number of charges, sucli as those for pernanent comuis-' sions, which were not of an accidental character, and there-. fore did not properly belong to such a vote as this. The. outfits of ambassadors and other items connected witht missions to foreign countries might, in his opinion,be takea. upon an average of 10 years, .and an estimate of the expenditure on such accounts might bepresented to the House. A great abuse had sprang up of late in the multiplication of small commnissions. Communsions were now appointed on. all imaginary subjects, and no less a sum than 75,0001. hadbeen exspended in that manner during the last three y ears. (HIear.) Government was restricted by act of Parliament. to an expenditure of 180,0001. ayeir for the payment of' Ministers abroad, but that limit was continually trans-' greased, and during the last ten -years 52,WOOL had been. soted for the outfits of Ministers and 91,0001. for special missions. Sir HI WILLOUGHBY complained that tho acconnts laid upon the table did not afford a satisfactory explanatio0. of the manner in which 143,0001. of the sum voted during~ the last six years on account of civil contingencies haa been expended. It was understood that the Government wiasin the habit of making advances to particular departmente, but if so surely an accurate account of the sUmS so advanced-' should be presented to Parliament, and with ita statement of theprecisebalance remainingintheErchequer. (Hear.) It. ws also desirable that theHIouse shouldbheinformnedwliether' it was intended to charge the expenses of the late display of fireworks and of the special' mis5ion to St. Petcrsburg against the civil contingencies. Mr. KINNAIRD observed, on theabsurdity of cha against the civil contin ecies the expense of 'making an experiment with a Lancaster gun. The item eughtE.
PARLIAMIENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. F.hTAY. JTTv, 1R ORThEJL OF H1 T)AV Supply-Committe. Parohisai Schools fScotland) Bri-Comsmittee. OGford University essm-Tird reading }Education LScotland) Bii-Adjomtneddebate. Annuities' Redemption BiUCt'onCmttee. Smoke Nuisanco Abatement (MIetropol.is) Act, 185S, Amendment BilU-Committee. National Gallery Site Bill-Second reading. Poor Law Amendment (No.t2) Bill-Second reding. WFsys cand MWeans-Committee.a Supply-Report Registration of Votero (Scotland) Bill-Commottee. London Corporatlon Bill-Second reading. Grand Jury Asseismeats (Ireland) Bill-Third reading Courts of Common Law (Ieland) Bill-Committee. tsa;ances' iRemoval, ec. (Scotland) (eo.t2) Bill-Committee. - Court of Exchequer (Scotland) Bill-Committee. I Poor Lae Amendment (Scoveand) Bill-Committee. a Mablin University Bill-Secand reading. Bleaching, he., Works (No. 2) Bill,-Adjoarned debate on Fecond readingaJune Sth]. Church Rates' Abolition Bill-Committee. Jmint Sttok Companies' Windins-uip Acts Amredment Bill [Lord]t adjommed debate On second reading (June S.] Tithe Commutation Rent-charge Bill-Commitee.s Formation, &e., of Parinses Bill-Committee. eProgress anay 30.] ranTican ON MOTIONS. Captanl D. O' Connell,-To ask the Chancre lor of the Exoheaema rif he intends to bring in a hill this, or early next session, forthe Hetter regnlation of savings-banks. Captain 0'Connela,-To askthe UnderSecretary for War if ithe troe that the Italian Legion are. intgs or heato to do. ga3rison duty at ulaltak and what IS to vle thelr ultimate destination or disposition- Atse, if he wil lay on tbe table any correspondence that may avoe taken place betoeen the Gorerment at home and the authonties at oalta relative to the riots there, in fhich the Italian Legion were cong ctorne ana the murder of the Aersoytiarecter. ter. dagau,-To ask the Chief Secretary for I erland wether it is his intention to introduce this session the measure he han prepared to amend the lawv relating to Clerks of Petty Sessions in Ireland. Msr. gum eisth-To ask the First Commissioner of Works whether the works of NJew Westmisuser-briage are suspended, cand w hether they arex liely to e resumed, orif they are to be pulled dofnt and ifet is intended tolay any report upon the subject beforo the Houee. t 3arquis of Blarho1,-5 o ask-the Secretary of Setai for the Ihome Department whether the present system Co imprisoning convicts in hlk ships inrthe naval arsenals is occupyig his attention, and wrhether there is any intenton ot assimiatg the acommodation for pisoner in these places to the more medern convict estublishments of the ountry. Colonel Dmmne,-Addrese fur copy of ths report on the preowig of the$22d and 23d of dayen thheaeorrth shsoere euadrLierpoeolando etieron 'his gun in the property of ehe Government. Mr. Peel.-Select committee to prepare estimatesof the charge of the dlsembodaed militia of Great Brihtin and Ireland for the year ending the 31st of March. ISI?:-bSr. Peel, r. adonse-d, Sir G4. Grey, the Judge-Advocate Mr. Walpole, Nr. hporsmap . Mir. RlUe, Sir F. Baring, Ur. Beresfrd, Mr. Wilson, Colonel Lindsay. General Peel, Sir J. Fergussong Colonel Dume. and all Colonels of yaslitia. Mr. R. L. Ricardeo-To nominate the select committee to inquire into the principle adopted for making contracts for the supply of the phulchdeoprtmeofs and the effew hhh,e sresent syotem has upon theOM00 exenitr Cofmubito Suapey):M. 3 .ia rMGbo Mr. lMonsell, Colonel Deaner mar. T. A. toitchell, lr. Wiltson, me G. A. Hamilton,iSir C.oNapier. ColoneleLidsay. Vicount Goderich Colonel Smyth, MIr. Brand, hIr. J.IL.Davies, hIr. Liddell, and Mlr. Glyn, S Viscount Godericls,-Ietu-n of the whole amomut of the national ebt of Great Bntam and Ireland (including any foreign loan which has been considered as forming Part of the national debt of Great Britain) funded and unptmded, seParately ; also, of all aunities for terms of yeaos; and als, of the charge for management of the national debt, stated year hy year, from the year 1891 (an far as practlcable) to the 5th of January, 188; the Irish debt onDl to be inctuded from the date of the Union. Mir. bmuntz,-Retmrn showing the total amount expended for the relief of the poor during the years ended at Lady-day 18i54 and 18i55; tNogether with the cost per head on the population in 80 of thepr. cipal towins in England and Wales. si .Nrhoe,-To ask the Under.Secretary for War whether an officer havingserved in the army more than three years, and being compelled to retire in consequence of rn- health contracted on duty, is not entitled to have hss case referred to a medical board for examina-. tion, with a view to his being placed on the half-pay establishment. MSr. R. PhiDlimore,-To asse the Solicitor-General a question relative to thei ailteratIeons wDhich it iSa intended to introduce into the Wills and The Chancellor of the Exchequer,-To move a vote of credit of £2.000 000 (ini Committee of Supply). Nr. WVilson,-To move a grant of £4,800 for makiing a road from the iron gates, near the German Chapel, tO the Mall, in St. James's Park. Also, afurther grant of £3 800 for theereelion of a sipension bridge for foot pasnesoe the wsater in the enclosure of St. James's Park (in CommnteeotnSppl yl Sir Charles Wooo,-NfavyREstiaatcs (in Committee of SuP y). MIr. bfaguiro,- On going into Committee of Supply on Navy Lslimates, to move that it would be of material service to the publie interests ofthe united kingdom that practical advantage should be taken of the favomrable position and local resources of the harbour of Cork by tne establishment of a complete and cffelciat naval station, the building and repair of vessels of war. fcoysial
ROYAL ITALIA.N OPERA. Last night Signor Mario, for the first time in London, assumed the character of Manrico in Verdi's Troratorc,-an opera which, since the departure of Signor Tamberlik for Rio Janeiro, had disappeared from the biUls. The part is not strange to Signor Mario, who has played it very often at the Thcatre Italien in Paris with great success ; and that the French critics had not been partial in their praises was shown on the present occasion, to general satisfaction. The verdict of our neighbours was unanimously accepted, and Maurico pronounced, without a dissentient voice, one of Signor Mario's most highly-finished performances. That he should sing the serenade of the troubadour, behind the scenes, the air in the prison, which forms part of the '"miserere," andall the more expressive passages of the opera to perfection was not surprising in one whose voica and manner lend themselves so naturally to what is graceful or pathetic. But that which created most sensation (because most nnexpected) was the une burst of energy with which Signor Mario gave the cabalela, "Di a quellpira l'orrendo foco," when the supposed son of the GiDey summons his followers to the rescue of Azucena and this, too, after having twice delivered the languishing apostrophe to Leonora, " Ah ! si, ben mio," of which it is tle sequel, with a depth of sentiment not often surpassed even by himself. The "Miserere," with which is intermingled the plaintiva song from the tower, "I Ah, che la morte ognora," was also encored; and in the two duets of the prison scene Signor Mario sang with a passion arid earnestness that raised tho enthusiasm of the audience. In the course of the opera, being more than once recalled, he appearedwiththe other perf6rmers; but at the end, in obedience to a demand so loud and hearty that it sounded almost heretical in the reserved Lyceum, he came on alone.
LONDONV, FRIDAY, JUAE 13, 1856. In the House of PNords last night, The Committee upon the Reformatory and Industrial Schools Bill was postponed, on the motion of Lord RAVENSWOpTmh. Some other business was also despatched, after which the House adjourned. The House of Commons having resolved itself into a Committee of Supply on the remaining Civil Service Estimates, A voto of 100,0001 for Civil contingencies gave rise to muchi discussion and to many explanations respecting the items of the vote and its amount. On the educational vote of 151,0001. to complete (in addition to 300,0001. already voted) the sum necessary for defraying the charge for public education in Great Britain, Sir G. GREY entered into detailed statements explanatory of the increased charge, and of what had been done during the past and preceding years to promote popular education by means of ParlEamentary grants, appropriated by the Committee of Council in aid of voluntary efforts. Sir J. PARRNGTON, expressing his entire concurrence in the statements of Sir G. GREY, and his thanks to the Government for proposing so liberal a vote, proceeded to call attention to the present state and prospects of national education in England. He insisted upon the growing need of education among the inferior classes; that the means were insufficient; that voluntary efferts could not be relied upon, and that two things were wantednamely, improved machinery, but principally money. Mr. BARNES moved to reduce-the amount of the vote to that of last year's, which was 396,0001., on the ground that the present system of grants was not satisfactory,and he desired to prevent its further extension. He denied that the great difficulty was want of money; the monster difficulty, he said, was the indifference of parents, and our efforts, as nodo deted, tended to increase their indifference- and,to undermine ther sense of responsibility. The! bulkl of the worlding classes were quite able to educate their children, and they should be taught even to make sacrifices for-that purpose. If the grants were exclusively coidned to classes so poor as to be incapable of educating their children, he would notoppose the vote. :.. MI55 oN observed that the arguments of Mr. BARN-Bs would* justify the discontinuanco of the grants altogether 'and refusing any Parliamentary assistance. Althoiugh he (Ar. Grcsoj) - dis-sented from this conclusion, the application of the grants, in his opinion, was not calculated to meet the evil proposed to be remedied assistance was withheld from those most in need of education. He urged the revising of the minutes of Council, and adapting them to the wants of the population,.and the injustice and impolicy of denying any j)articipation ii the Parliamentary grant to schools in which secular instruction only was given. He could not, he said, vote for the amendment of M1r. BAuS-xs. Sir S. Ionrmrcor agreed that the money granted by Parliament wvas* not always applied in the best manner, and suggested various difficulties under the present scheme, and the mode of apportioning the capitation grant in populous districts. Mr. ALcocK urged the expediencyof doubling the rates of the capitation grants, reducingtheminimunm of attendance to entitle to capitation money, increasing the grant to masters, and establishing- a lower class of certificates of merit to teachers. I Mlr. mEN-Lm could not consent to reduce the vote, believing it to be the general opinion of the country-in which he concurred-that the present system should be extended. He pressed the Go- vernment to endeavour to reach that destitute' class, called by one of the school inspectors the' "Arab population," whence the ranks of our crimainals were recruited. Mr. E. BALL supported the amendment, confirming the statement of MIr. BAiREs, that the number of existing schools was more than commensurate with the number of scholars, and that the difficulty was, not to obtain schools, but childrentofill them. -Mr. MrLEs reminded Mr. BALL that the vote, as regarded building schools, was the same as that of last year, whereas new schools were reported to be needed in every part of themetropolis. Thecapitation grant, he observed, had produced the best ffects; it had not only increased the quantity, but iamproved the quality of the education. Mfr. Fox remarked that the secular schools, referred to by Mr. GIBsoN, were not more destitute of religious teaching than those in which such teaching was a professed object. Re joined in arging the Government to extend the grant to schools of' this description, the existing machinery for education requiring strengthening and enlarging. As to the indiiBerence of parents, he supported the g,rant, because it must lead in the end to a general educational tax or local rating, and this would convince parents that they had an interest in the instruction of their children. Mr. LIDDELL called the attention of Sir G. GREY tothe necessity of so far raising the salaries of teachers as to make them more comnensurate with' the rate of wages in other employments. MTr. CnossLEY having made a few observations in support of the amendment, Sir G. GREy, in a short reply, noticed objections, and, with respect to applying the grants to poor districts, he observed that, however desirable, there 'was this among other difficulties in its way, that there would be a deficiency of local voluntary contributions, and if Parliamentary aid were given irespective of such local contributions the effect would be to check them in other quarters. He could not hold out any prospect, he said, that grants would be made to merely secular schools. The amendment was negatived, and the original vote agreed to. The Chairman was ordered to report the resolutions. The West India Loans Bill was read a third time and passed, after a short conversation, in which Sir J. PAINoGTON, Mr. EAYxEv, Mr. WiLso-N, and MIr. Lsotcn=Eu participated. The Annuities Redemption Bill was read a second time. On the order for the second reading of the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Bill, Mr. MA uiRE moved to defer the second readin,g for six months. Mr. BRADY seconded this amendment. Sir G. GRzy justified the Government for introducing the bill, the object of which he explained. IUpon a division, the second reading was carried by77 to10. Other bills were advanced a stage, and the House adjourned at a-quarter to 2 o'clock.
The revolutionary spirit in France seems to have spent itself in political changes. In some things the people which has been the terror of MIonarchical Europe is the most timid and, conservative in the world. It is difficult to find a French manufacturer, or even a tradesman or artisan, who is not by instinct a Protectionist. There it is not the wealthy aristocrat with his square miles of country, but the bourgeois, cautious and unenterprising, who shudders at the thought of exposing French industry to the rude concurrence of the world. The agriculturist, on the contrary, is interested for the most part in the relaxation of the system. The monopolizing spirit of British commerce, the hostile enterprise of Belgians and Germans, are chiefly inveighed against by the spinners, weavers, and ironfounders whom the legislation of the past 50 years has so wonderfully favoured. These "c great industriels," as they like to be called, are now compelled to witness one step at Ieast in the direction of free trade. The old protection in France is by no means the incomplete system against which this country rebelled. Absolute prohibition of a number of articles of the first importance is the rule across the Channel, and French buyers are not always allowed to be tempted by the sight of foreign products, even admitted at an enormous disadvantage. The highest personage in the French State has long been considered favourable to a relaxation of this rigid exclusiveness. Acquainted with the results -which have followed similar changes in this country, seeing that a great increase of manufactures, a sudden and striking advance in the quality of our shipping, and a general diffusion of comfort among our people have been the consequences of a truer political economy, he is believed to have beenanxious to confer similar benefits on the country which he governs. The MIinister of Agriculture, Conmmerce, and Works has just received a report from the chief of tho Department of Foreign Commerce, recommending the substitution of duties for absoluteprohibition in the case of many important products. The reasons for this change will appear clear enough to English politicianh,butarguments andapologies arenecessary in addressing a French community of producers. It is stated with perfect truth that the protective system is a relic of a past age, and that it grew into strength during the long isolation of France from the great commercial country of Europe. Itestrictions on international commnerce were increased by the revolutionists who overthrew the old French polity, and the reign of a military sovereign caused trade, like everything else, to be subjected to the political necessities of the time. Protection was intended to injure English manufacturers as much as to encourago those of France. Consequently a large class of manufactures sprang up, which, on the return of peace, would have perished unless supported by the absolute e.xclusion of foreign products. Such an exclusion the French writer defends by the arguments which we have so often heard repeated in this country. It was necessary, he says, to assist infant industry, and to prevent it being crushed by the powerful production of England. It wax necessary to encourage hand labour, which would otherwise have been thrown out of employment by the machinery of other countries. This is now seen to be either unnecessaryor unsound,and,whatevermay be the reasoning by. which the French economists have arrived at free trade opinions, there is no doubt of the, adoption:of such views by;-thema and the GoVernment. - The fol0owint changes a reco'tmendeed, and will, nio doubt, be dauy caried mto effect :-From the ist of£ January, 1857., _refined sugar, now altogether prohibited,. *ill be admitted on the payment of duties, in whicli an advantage is given to the article imported in:French ships.: :Iron, chymical products,. dyeing woods,;soa, 4;chi6,y. clay and pottery, glass, cotton and wool, raw or manufactured, silks, furs; cutlery and hardware are the chief divisions of mauufactur6 in' which the old restrictions are IIow loosened. - . We may. anticipate from these newxegulations a great increase of comfort and true prosperity in France. After all the bulk of the population is agricultural, and, though the old systenz may have given some develorment to the large towns and to the trade of certain localities, it cannot be I doubted that the backwardness of theprovinces and the inability of the people to command 'the conveniences of life arise in great measure from the restrictions which a limited commercial knowledge' has imposed. We in this country, who believe that free trade is a truth suited to every community, whether it have the command of a continent or be penned up. on a rock like Gibraltar or Aden, are not, likely to be convinced by any airgments in favour of even a modified protection. But we are glad to see that the chief supporters of such a system are now owning that some relaxation must take place, and trust that France, which Inows so well how to communicate its ideas to the world, will now seek to spread over Europe the new and liberal doctrines which she has learnt from us.
Amid all our shortcomings in Europenn politics and warfare-amid the just murmurs of home critics and the ill-natured remarks of the foreigner, it is consoling to turn to the record of deeds which no other people in the world can rival, and which we may hope will be in the mouths of men when the details of Crimean strategy are but a vague reminiscence. Gainsay it who may, the Englishman is the legitimate successor of the ancient Roman. Other nations know how to win -vietories, but our own, and the races of our stock alone, are endowed -with the genius of conquest. To rule the people of the earth, to spare the vanquished, and to beat down the proud, has been the mission of Englandin the most widely-sundered regions; and to these great deeds may be added the higher glory of elevating the subject races wherever the career of conquest has placed them under her dominion. These- things are effected day by day-with such easy energy, with such an absence of display and vainglorious boasting, that their full scope escapes the notice of the world, and even of our own people. Within the last few years we have seen the colonies of Australia spring up to the dimensions of a new nation, and the Chinese empire-immoveable since the days when European autiquity was youngshaken from within by impulses which have proceeded from EngLish proselytism and enterprise. But the most memorable achievement of the time will be the fmial conpqest and the commenced regeneration of India. k? hundred and fifty millions of souls-the sixth of the world's population-have been now completelysubjectedto the British sceptre. Contemporary with this great era in history, we have the introduction into the regions of the furthest East of all those appliances of civilization which are still new in the most enlightened countries of Europe. The close of a Governor-Generars administration is naturally the time to review the work of the past years, and Lord DI ousE, whose term of authority hasbeen of double the usual length and of far more than the usual importance, has given us the history of eight years with a clearness and completenesa which bring home forcibly to us the conception of all that has been done. The Minute dated February last is a review of his administration, and of the whole affairs of India from the beginning of 1848 to the end of March, 1856. First, of course, comes the narrative of conqnuest and territorial extension. The eight years of Lord DArousrz's viceroyalty seem lke an age in these eventful times. When he landed in India Louis PHiLIr.IE was on the throne of France, and the Emperor NIcHOLAs was the arbiter of Europe; a party was struggling to reimpose the Corn Laws, and announced its resolve to admit no change in the Laws of Navigation. The attention of England was given to domestic politics; the frightful state of Ireland and the increase of pauperism in the whole kingdomn were the principal subjects which occupied men's minds. So great an interval separates us from the time when the new I GOvyaNOR-GE-GNE1-tL, scarcely installed at cal- cutta, had to prepare against an invasion of the Sikhs. The events of that time are still fresh inthe national remembrance ,-the capture of Mooltan, the disastrous -victory of ChiliauwaUah, the excitement at home, the despatch of Sir C. NxAP:E, seem like the events of yesterday. The end we know-the entire Sikh army was overthrown, the country was added to the British possessions, the Affghan allies were driven through the mountains, and the rule of England was extended beyond the Indus. Within two years war broke out at the other extremity of the GovzEn-No-GENEaAIs dominions. A quarter of a century before, England had been engaged in a weary war with the Burmese-a war in which the distance, the wildness, and the unhealthiness of the country had taxed al the energies of the Indian Government. War, however, was again declared, Rangoon was taken, Pegu conquered and finally annexed, and thus a second kingdom was added to the British sceptre within three years. Since that time the land has had peace; but the Govnmon-GxN->. has nothesitated to extend a dominion which is the only hope of the downtrodden Asiatic. Nagpore and Oude have becn annexed, and thus " during the eight yeam on "C which we now look back," says the Govvn,RwoGZN-ERAL, " four kingdoms have passed under the " sceptre of the Qneen of ENGLzAD, and -various " chiefships and separate tracts have been brought " under her sway." These minor acquisitions are only comparatively unimportant. They consist of provinces which any other people would consider splendid conquests, and would celebrate in the names of streets and squares, or by gigantic pictures in some national building. They are as [follows :-The principality of Sattara, annexed in 1849, in right of lapse; the chiefslip of Jhansie, obtained in the same manner, and the rich province of Berar, atsigned by the Nizam of the DEcCAXN in payment of debts which he had incurred. The revenue of these new territories amounts to more than 4,000,0001. sterling. Raving given the history of his various annexations, Lord DmousIE reviews the condition of the acquired provmices. The public is already i acquainted with the able administration of the Punjab. Probably never in modern times has a disordered and impoverished province been so speedily restored to prosperity as wthe country of the Sikhs in the iour years succeeding 1849. The state of Pegn is announced to 'be satisfactory. Although only three years have elapsed since the British flag -avas hoisted in the country complete tranquillity has been established, and the people, prosperous and lightly-taxedc ,are well contented with our ride. The revenue increases, trade has sprung up, and population Alo6n-e is -wanting to mnake this new a9quston equal in wealth to Bengal itself. The district of Berar, ceded by the NIzAsx, and the kingdon.
This day a meeting is to be held at the Mansionhlouse for the purpose of raising subscriptions in favour of the sufferers from the late terrible inundations in France. The appeal is one which would -a all times be promptly and liberally responded to 7by the English people, but at the present moment ve have especial reason for sympathizing vwith our AFrench friends in their distress. 'Under ordinary circumstances we might have asked permission to be of service to them in tho hour of their need. lThe French-a proud and sensitive nation-are not in love with gifts, but now earnest sympathy * ith the French is our duty, and license to express the feeling our right. It is not in vain that the toll of the Crimea has been ensanguined -with the Jblood of the French and English soldier. The allied Armies have not even yet left the scene of their sufferings and of their glory, but, even had it been otherwise, the bond which has united us throughDUt the period of the war cannot be so lightly snapped asuinder on either side. The object of our remarks, then, is not to make any appeal ad anisericordiam, nor to excite the benevolence of our !ellow-subjects, but to give additional publicity to the fact that this day a meeting is to be held at the 3!ansion-house for the purpose mentioned above. The extent of the calamity which has fallen upon . he poor peasants and artisans of France in con-equence of these frightful inundations can scarcely be exaggerated. Whole districts of most important towns have been submerged. Clay-built villages have literally melted away before the action of the floods. Life, wve fear, has been sacrificed in large proportion and in the most distressing aanner. Let the imagination of the most imaginative person run riot as it will, and It will scarcely arrive at a faithful picture of the horrid scene. It must be remembered that vast tracts of country lately smiling with rich crops and the future harvest of the year are now, or were two or three tlays ago, mere lakes. The wretched husbandmen with their shivering families have been driven to the high grounds to escape from imminent death. {or is the desolation confined to the rural disetrics. WVe do not remember to have read of afticLion carried to a more extreme point than in the case of those poor artisans of Lyons who could not be driven from the neighbourhood of their submnerged houses, but who would sit on patient and mncomplaining until the waters subsided, that they In!ght recover their looms-the instruments which were to gain bread for their wives and little unes. This is no sentimental or lackadaisical woe, but grief such as tugs at the heartstrings of strong and honest men, and -which all men with hiuman sympathies must desire to relieve. We note it as a curious fact in the history of our French neighbours that, while the foresight of their statesmen and the ingenuity of their engineers had covered the surface of the country with magnificent canals, even before our own iron days, the great rivers of France have always been alowed to run riot, and from time to time to pour around their proper beds most sweeping desolation. The ports, the public buildings of France, are there as striking proofs of what Frenchmen can accomplish in the course of centuries, but they seem to have acquiesced tranquilly in the conclusion that these -inundations of their great rivers were an evil inseparable from the physical configuration of their country. We are not professional engineers, and urite therefore with all deference to persons who have a better right to be heard upon such a subject; yet we cannot but think that human ingenuity 2night contrive some means greatly to mitigate these calamities, if not entirely to avert their recurrence. We cannot, indeed, offer any suggestions upon a subject of so purely professional a character, but surely the existence of Holland as a portion of Europe would seem to show that men need not niecessarily throw down their arms in presence of the angry floods. Of course, the means which have been so successfully employed against the inroads of the North Sea are not precisely those -which vould be available against the intermittent attacks of mountain torrents, but surely the difficulty is not greater in the second case than in the first. To the present MmhEtRol we trust will belong the glory of dealing with this internal foe. His great predecessor conquered the larger portion of Europe by his genius and by his arms; let Louis NAPOLEON conqiuer France,-that is, let him secure the soil of France to the industry of its inhabitants. Tet him shield his ingenious and industrious population for the future from the recurrence of calamities so dreadful as those of which we have just read, and he will leave behind him as noble a name in history. The river system of France has been planned by nature upon so gigantic a scale that by far the greater portion of the French territory is affected mnore or less when these calamities occur. The Saone rises in the distant Vosges; the Rhbne, fresh from the Lake of Geneva, takes its fist plunge into France at L'Ecluse. How vast a surface is exposed to the abnormal action of the waters which should have been drained away by these rivers when they overflow their banks ! Mark again the deviouas course of the Loire, from its tources in the Ard6che to its mouth below :Nantes, where it throws itself into the Atlantic. From south to north and from west to east the greater portion of France feels the influence of this mighty stream. The French rivers are well uigh as useless for purposes of navigation in peaceful times as they are fearful enemies to the population when the floods are out. Not only the country, but the towns, are constantly exposed to destruction more or less complete from the same source. Tours has been inder water. In the ac- counts we have received from that city we read :-" The Rue Royale is like a canal, the " 31ail like a torrent; boats are plying about * "the city in every direction. From the Route "de Grammont we can perceive in all their " horror the effects of the catastrophe in the " adjacent country. As far as the eye can g" reach there is water-nothing Indt mater." When we speak of Tours we are spealing of some 12 or 18 of the principal towns in France, which are in a precisely similar situation. What can England do to help France under the pressure of inch a calami+ty ?
* 3fr. EwABT charges us with unfairness in mis- representing the tenour of his arguments and the result of his motion. He explains the latter n? ively enough by intimating that the debate wa3 pi Ematutely closed "by the arrivAl of the diniier "hour." There were a great many members very anxious to vote for the abolition of capital punishments, but their solicitude was not equal to their appetite, and so they went away. This is Mr. EwArVs explanation, and we leave it to the public to find out wherein it differs from our own. If anytthing very striking were said or were expected to be said on the subject under discussion it must certainly have offered a powverful counterpoise to the seductions of the dinner-bell. B4ut Mr. EWART further accuses us of blinding, - our own and our readers' eyes to the facts which he cited and the arguments which he founded upon them. We cannot plead guilty to this charge. We did not indeed fritter away the argument upon a number of isolated cases which could prove nothing; vwe preferred grappling with its broad scope and general bearings. Mr. EwAuT submitted for the consideration of the Legislature a propositicn to examine the propriety of substituting secondary for extreme punishments. lIe supported his proposition by asserting not only the unchristian barbarity, but also the moral inefficacy, of those now in vogue. Ihis was the purport of his reasoning :-Capital punishments are ferocious, therefore not in harniony vith the pure and peaceful spirit of the Gospel; they do not prevent the commission of the worst crimes, therefore they are as useless as unchristian. And with this line of reasoning we contended, rather than with a bundle of special instances such as may be quoted to prove anything on any subject, but for neglecting which Mir. EWART remonstrates with us. Andl what are these facts and examples which ought to turn the scale of the argument, and urge the national Legislature to abrogate the most solemn penalties now in force against the most atrocious crimes? Our readers shall judge of their novelty and their validity. rIirst,-a punish-ment (says Mr. EwART) ought to be certain, or it will be ineffectual, and there are many cases of persons being reprieved after condemnation. Next, it ought to be uncertain, because human judgment is fallible, and persons have been hanged who ought to have been reprieved. Next, it ought to be equal on all, whereas, in fact, many criminals do not care about being hanged, while others have died a double death in anticipating the fate to which they -were doomed. Then came the new " facts" of men being capitally convicted who had once witnessed a capital punishment, of men picking pockets dmuing the process of an execution, of persons convicted upon the clearest testimony and afterwards reprieved, and of other persons not convicted at all, despite the most damnatory evidence, because the jury revolted from pronouncing a verdict which would be followed by a sentence of death. Now, we will, to satisfy NIr. EwART s notions of novelty, assume that these instances are of the most modern date. But, granting this, what do they prove against capital punishments as a system? Mfen have stolen pocket handkerchiefs under the gallows. Vhat of that? When they committed the larceny they never harboured the idea of murder. Doubtless the man who picks pockets under the scaffold is congratulating himself on the less violent and less perilous coiurse of offence which he is pursuing, when compared with that which has brought the more audacious felon to his doom. But, say Mr. EwAuT and his followers, this is not all; men have proceeded straight from viewing the penalty to the imitation of the guilt -which produced it. We ask, how many have done this? What percentage do they bear to the total number of criminals? Is it one in ten or one in twenty of those who havo expiated their guilt on the gallows who has habitually or often witnessed the extreme sentence of the law carried into effect ? Doubtless there are some such cases; doubtless there are men whose morbid sensitiveness inspires thera with the desire of emulating, as there are others whose morbid callousness renders them indifferent to suffering, the fate of the convicted felon. Doubtless there are casessuch as in the murder of Mr. BRTEsoN-where the perpetrators of the crime lost all sense of its heinousness and all fear of their just sentence in] a wild and ferocious exLltation, compounded' of factiousness and superstition. But these instances, and such as these, go but a a very little way to prove the superfluousness,| the injustice, or the inexpediency of punishment by death. Penal laws are designed with reference to the average and predominating, not to the abnormal and exceptional, feelings of mankind, If out of one hundred persons taken at random from all classes, or taken in their proper proportions from the criminal classes, fifteen are indifferent to the shame and terrors of a miscreant's death-if ten of them, through some morbid idiosyncracy or some strange and hardly explicable influence, invest the grim spectacle of that dread retribution with the splendours of theatrical display or the hononrs of an imagined martyrdom, these exceptional delusions do not militate against a code which is based upon the recognized fears and feelings of the other eighty or eighty-five. Mr. EwA.vRT and his friends say that the fear of death is not felt at all by the minority. WVe ask, in return,. what punishment would be feared by them ? and, more than this, what other punishment would be equally feared by the large majority? This is the ratio st7ima of the abolitionists. They would do away with a penalty which is confessedly feared by the greater part of mankind on the pretext that it is not feared by all, and they I wvould substitute in its place another which the majority certainly would not dread half as much as death, and the exceptional minority could hardly be supposed to dread at all. That is, they would remove that penalty which operates as a preventive of crime with eighty-five persons out of a hundred of those who are most exposed to its temptations, because its influence fails with the remaining fifteen. Is this reasonable ? Is it just to society? Is it humane? 'We put this question in a twofold sense. We put it both with reference to the protection which. is due to society against criminals, and to the punishment which ought to be inflicted on crimi- nals; and on this latter point we suspect that the views of the abolitionists are somewhat equivocal. MIr. EwAlir, their spokesman, says that punishment, in order to be effectual, should be certain; but he also says that it should be tempered by the " mild spirit of the Gospel." Does he mean that lie would punish the assassin, the lighway murderer, the poisoner, by the certainty of one uniforni mild corrective ? Confinement in a handsome and spacious reformatory-solitary walLs in a shaded and pensive arcade-high converse with the spiritual and magisterial visitors and their wives-diet adjusted with proper discrimination between physical and metaphysical wantsoccasional exhibitions for the benefit of roving philosophers,-is this the sort of treatment which he believes would soften the hearts of hardened offenders, or deter others from following their example? Yet this would be certainly a mild and kindly mode of reformation. It is, however, repudiated by some of those in whose name Mr. EwAART speaks. " No," say they, " don't inflict " death, for you cannot recall life; but make life " onerous, painful, oppressive, intolerable. Take "the wretch who has soiled his hands in the "blood of his fellows-seclude him from all " converse with his kind-immure him in a " solitary cell-let not even his gaolers %vAk " to him-let them not see him, save' "through a small grating in the wall-give him "just air,. food, light, and exercise enough to! "'maintain life, but to maintain it in hopeless; -i" and unconsoled misery." . So say they. We; leave these gentlemen to reconcile their proposed, treatment with that "pure and gentle spirit" which their school so strongly professes to venerate; but we would fain ask them if they have never heard what effects such a discipline inevitably entails. Do they not know that years of solitude and silence eat into the heart and consume the intellect, and bring with them not remorse, but madness? And wvhat more right-if we are to talk of rights,-what more right have we to destroy in the living man that true reflection of his Divine original,-the reason that GOD gave. to man,-than to destroy that tenement which contains the once guilty, but perhaps repentant, spirit? And, if we shift the question from right to expediency and humanity, how can we tolerate the infiction of this greater suffering, when experience teaches us that, bitter though it may be, .its distant contemplation affects the senses and the hearts of ordinary men far less keenly than that of death on the scaffold, with the accompaniment of a mob's hootings and the conscious legacy of indelible disgrace? Make the punishment of crime certain; make it depend on such evidence only as shall satisfy clear heads and honest hearts;- but in -the name of justice, truth, and the best interests of society, do not libel Christianity by a sentimental travesty 'of its noblest precepts; and do not multiply the temptations to crime by a pertinacious repugnance to the most fearful, and hertefore the most effectual, mode of repressing it.
IRBLAND. DUBLIN. TH{RsDAY MORX=-. THE TrPEPtAHY BANK. (FROM OUR OWN CORRTSPONDNT.1 The following statement, indicative of further sharp litigation, appears in the Freernan of this morning "A cause petition was yesterday filed at the suit of Mr. Richard O'Flaherty, of Milusty; Mr. Southwell Mulcahy, of Kenilworth; EIllen Mulcahy, of Newlands, spinster; and Edmond Power, of Clonmel, solidtor, all in the county of Tipperary, on behalf of themselves and all other creditors of the co-partnership of bankers in Ireland called the Tipperary Joint-Stock Bank, who shall seek the benefit of, and contribute to the expenses of tlhe cause. The parties named as respondents are George M'Dowell, the official manager, and the Right Hon. John David Fitzerald, Her Majesty's Attorney-General. It is signed by w. Smith, Esq., as counsel. The solicitors to the petition are Messrs. Power and Findlater, 35, Upper Ormond-quay. The petition is verified by Mr E. Power, one of the petitioners. The petition is of the length of about 200 fohos. It statesthefonnation of the co-Partnership inl83,the factof the stoppageofpayment, and of tebankbemg indebted to thepetitionersat the time of the stoppago in sunsamounting to 3,276g.; that the bank was also indebted to above 520 persons; the proceedings taken under the winding-np acts, and Mr. George M'Dowell's appointment as official manager; that all the pTomissory notes of thebankwere takeninto his possession, and that the petitioners or other creditors have no right to intervene in the wding-up proceedings It relies upon petitioners' rights, as creditors under the Bankera Act of the 33d of George II., chap. 14, which provides that all the estate and effects, real and personal, of any creditor stopping payment shall be liable to his debts without regard to priority, save as to debts and encumbrances contracted before he stopped payment. It then states the last official return of the shareholders, Mr. John Sadleir's death, the transfer of their shares by several of the shareholders, the false report pub. lished by 'the directors or one of them' that the whole effects of the bank did not exceed 50,0001.; that upwards of 90 actions at lawv have been brought by creditors of tho bank; that the debts exceed 430,000l., and that a dividend of 2s. in the pound was announced, although there was not money sufficient to pay it in the hands of the official manager. The? etition prays that the trusts created by the act of the 33d o George I. may be carried into execution, and thatpetitiouers and the other creditors may be paid their debts out of the assets of the copartnership andthe property and estate of its members, and that an account may be taken by one of the MIasters of the Court of the debts of the copartnership, and of the partnership effects, and of the real and personal estate of ail the shareholders; and that a receiver may be appointed to collect the partnership effects and the rants and profits of the real estates of the shareholders, and that all decrees and orders in the suit may be enforced in seven days; and that the official manager, as also the shareholders, may be restrained from disposing of any of the property or moneys of the copartnershin, and that they may be ordered to bring in all account-books, bills, notes, &c., of the partnership into court. The proceeding is analogous to that taken to wind up the affairs of the Agricultural and Commercial Bank. The petition has been registered as a lis pendens against the Irish property of the Eeveral shareholders, so as to render them incapable of disposing of it." _
MONTMIENT TO THEB LATF KiIN OF P=3 ONT.- In its sitting of the 4th inst. the Senate at Turin voted unanimously the sum of 25,0001. for the monument to be erected to the memory of the late King Charles Albert, the execution of which is intrusted to the eminent sculptor Baron MarochettL ITHE LmNIJD,TIOuNs n- Fnxcx-Subscriptions in aid of the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the inundations in France are about to be made in Liverpool under the auspices of the Mayor, Mr. Stewart. THE HERO oF KARs.-SouAirToN, June 12. -An effort is being made in this town by the Mayor (M.r. R. Andrews} and corporation to induce General Williams, who is now sojourning at Paris, to select Southampton as his port of debarcation on leaving France for London. In order to ascertain the galant General'ss intention the Town Clerk had roceeded to France, and wll make General Williams fly acquainted with the wishes of the municipal authorities of this port. A letter has also been forwarded Inviting the galant veteran's acceptance of agrand banquet, to be prepared in honour of his return to this country, shoxtldheselectthisroute. The successoftheTown Clerk is anxiously looked for, and should his visit prove favourable, the Mayor. accompanied by a deputation of the corporation, will immediately proceed to Paris and personaDy express to General Williams the plexsure they experience at his selection of that port as his first landing-place on En,lish ground, after his arduous campaign in theEast. sRY5TAi PALAc& .-Oxx SnaiuG DAY, Thursday, June 12.-Admissions on payment, 5,433; ditto, hy season tickets, 554; total visitors, 5,987.
I SPORTING INTELBLIGENCB. ASCOT-HEATII RACES, THinDA.Y. - - TEE: Cur DAY. ' The morning dawned ominoily, and heavy, leaden-tinted clouds scudded drearily before: the wind. Still the sun occasionally peeped. gaily forth, but the lucid intervals were scarcely cheering or encouraging. Pleasure folk, however, were not dismayed, and had full' reliance upon the Queen's -usual good fortune with regard to the weather. Pedestrians therefore trooped hopefully towards the course, while vehicles from Windsor thronged the road and the "drives " through the Park. Ladies' dresses, however, ivere grievously damaged by. the du,t, which the traffic and the wind raised in dense blinding clouds, whitening the garments and spoiting the'- appearance of the visitors. Despite the dreary skiey influences, the prospect of interesting sport and the visit of Her Mfajesty and her illustrious guests to the Heath were attractions powerful enough to command anu immense attendance of general company. Not * under the most propitious circumstances as regards the weather, and not even excepting the occasion of the visit of the late Emperor Nicholas of Russia3 in 1844, was so vast a concourse of persons seen on the. Heath. The scene was strikingly gay and picturesque. Along each side of the running ground, from the top turn to beyond the distance, were double lines of people. The space opposite the Grand Stand was crowded by carriages filled with. ladies, wh6se rich and many-coloured dresses im-' -partedapeculiarlygay aspect to the scene. The -Grand Stand was thronged from basement to roof, 'and in the Enclosure and saloons it required no little physical force to elbow a way through the crowd of persons of both sexes.' The Royal Stand. and private stands, too, were, of course, well attended. Under the direction of Mr. Slinner ample arrangements were made for the accommodation of the visitors. In anticipation of the increased attendance, too, the police, regulations were extended,, and, in addition to the efficient body of men under Superintendents Walker and' Hughes and Inspectors Tiddy and Banks of the A division, 150 men were engaged, under Ispectors Leicester, C, Firman, B, and Jackson, D.' Inspector Whicher, of the detective force, had also several officers in plain clothes -under his command. The knights of industry were therefore kept at a respectful distance, and many of the fraternity received a gentle Iunt on their arrival at Ascot and quickly returned to London. As the time approached for the commencement of 'the proceedings the weather became more lowering and gloomy, a piercingly cold wind contributed to the general discomfort. Soon after the horses were saddled for the first race the Standard was hoistedontheRoyalStandandIHerMIajesty's carriage, preceded by the Earl of Besborough, the Queen's huntsmen, and outriders, was seen slowly to descend the hill down the "new mile." There were 11 open carriages, five of them drawn by beautiful gray pomies, and the effect was picturesque and strildng m the extreme. Azthe cortge approached the stands, and as one by one Her Majesty, Prince Albert, the Prince of Prussia, and the Rtegent of 'Baden were recognized, loud and prolonged cheering burst forth simultaneously from all sides. The official list of the illustrious visitors will .be found on reference to the "Court Circular." No sooner had the Royal party entered the Stand 'than the first race was run. When it was decided the people made a general rush to the enclosure in front of the Royal Stand, and gave another loud and hearty cheer. This demonstration was renewed with increased vigour several times in the course of the afternoon, when Her ' Majesty appeared at the window. Between the first and second races the longpending shower fell, and sent people into the stands and booths to obtain shelter. It was, however, of short duration. Still no sun brightened the dreary afternoon, rain drizzled down at frequent intervals, and the sky became darker and more lowering. The Cup attracted only a sma number of competitors, and, with the exception of Manganese, whose success was deemed a certainty in what are termed "well-informed quarters," the field was supposed to comprise no animal of very superior racig ability. At starting 2 to I was betted on Manganese, the hopes of her backers being strengthened by her blooming appearance. She was, however, easily defeated, and deep was the sensation created. When she was called upon by her jockey she seemed incapable of making a finishing effort, and the race resulted in favour of Winkfield, an animal trained in the neighbourhood and trusted by no one, except its owner, who, in addition to backing it "outright," took 200 to 100 that it beat Saucebox "for places." His triumph was hailed with loud cheers, and to the fielders it gave great cause for gratulations and rejoicings. The Cup, which was exhibited in the saloon of the Grand Stand, attracted considerable attention. It is nearly three feet in height, independently of the base, and illustrates the mythological tale of Perseus and Andromeda. The artist has reprerented the serpent tinving round a rock and making his way up to the place where Andromeda is fastened. Perseusis on his winged horse attacking the monster with the sword with which he slew the Gorgon, and is defending himself with the shield of Medusa. The execution is very effective and the outline very fine. It was manufactured at the establishment of Messrs. Garrard, jewellers to the 'Queen, from designs and models by Mr. Cotterill. The New Stakes brought out 20 runners, and to genuine turfites afforded by far the most interesting race of the day. Goldfinch, who came with a very bighreputation, was supported withinuch spirit ; at one time 5 and 6 to 4 were laid on him. At last he was backed at evens against the field. He was, however, defeated by an animal not mentioned in Ithe ring. The winner was afterwards objected to, on the plea that he is not the properage. An examination of the horse's mouth will take place this day (Friday). The New Stakes decided, the Royal visitors quitted the course amid great cheering and waving of hats and handkerchiefs. They who foUlowed her Majesty's example had cause for satisfaction, for after the last race was run rain set in, and fell with drenching effect. The business of the meeting was most efficiently conducted under the direction of the clerk of the course, Mr. Edward Hibburd. The other officials,Mr. James Manning,, clerk of the scales; Mlr. H. Hibburd, starter; and Mr. Clark, the judge,us usual, discharged their respective caties with the utmnost promptitude and reg,ularity. As a proof of the immense attendance, it may be stated that 1,)'00I. were tak-en at the Grand Stand, while the large stuck of provisions supplied by Mr. Careless was entirely exhausted. The following is an account of the racing SwrSAXzES of 50 sovs. each. h. ft., for 3-yr-olds; colts, 8st. 71b.; fillies, Sst. 31b. Certain allowances. Swinley course (one mile and a-half). 10 subs. Baroltoothschild's Comedy, by ielbounmo, 7st.131b. (Charlton) .. . . . . . . 11 Duke of Bedford's Tyre, Sst. 31b. (S. Rogers) .. ... 2 3Mr. Gulliver's Illuminator, 8st. 31b. (Yates) ... ... 3 Betting.-5 to 4 on Tyre, 5 to 2 agst Illuminator, 7to 2 agst Comedy. Won cleverlybyhalE a length; a neck between the second and third. The VISITORSa' *LATz, of lO0 sovs., and 25 sovs. to the second horse, by subscription of 5 sovs. each, the surplus to go to the fund. Once round and a distance. 31 subs. Lord Anglesey's Astrologus, by Birdcatcher, 3 yrs, Sut. 131b. (Fordham) .. .. ... ... ...1 Baron Rothschild's Hungerford, aged, Sst. 7Tb. (Charl- to5 ~ ... ~ ,ha, ,,,t 1. 2 Mr. J?. Stanley's Mishap, 5 yrs, 7st. 21b (T. Cliff) ...3 The following also ran - Lord J. Scotts Ma boy, 4 yrs, 8st. (Cowley). Mr. W. Day's Raphael, 4 yrs, 7st. nb. (G. Mann). Mr. Merry's Lundyfoot, 3 yrs, 6st. (carried 6st. 21b.), (J. H lA). Mr. Waller's King Cob, 3 yrs, 6st. (Cresswell). Captain Christie's Lawn, 3 yrs, 6st. (Plumb). Betting.-3 tol agst Hungerford, 4 to e each aggt Astrologns and Mishap, 5 to I agst Lawn. At first 3 to vas taken about Astrologus. Won by a neckn A length beween the second and third. Mayboy and Lawn were fourth and fifth, well up with Mfishap, and just behind them were King Cob and Lundy. foot, close together. Raphael was beaten off, and did not pass the post. The GOLD CO.P, value 300 sovs., by subscription of 20 sovs. each, with 200 added; 3-yr-olds, 6st. lOlb.; 4-yr-olds, 8st. 51b.; 5-yr-olds, 9st.; 6-yr-olds and aged, 9st. 31b.; mares and geldings allowed 31b. About two miles and a half. 9 subs. Mr. S. Walkers Winkfield, by Alum, 5 yrs, 9st. (Bartholomew) ... ....1 ... Mr. T. Parrs ancebox, 4 yrs; 8s' 51bT(Wells)j - .. 2 Mr. W. H. Brook's Mlanganese, '-3 yrs, 6st. 7Tb. (Fordham) .. ... .. .. . . Iord Clifden's Homily, 4yrs, 8st. 21b (A. Day) . 4 Lord Clifden's Simony, 4 yrs, Sst. 21b. (Sly) ... ".. Betting.-2 to . ou Mnganese, 7 to 2 agst haucebox, 12 to l agst'Winkfield, 20 to agst Sinoony (offered). At one time 4tolwas taken about Simony-, Simony took a lead of about three lengths, Saucebox going on second, Mfanganese third, Winkfield fourth, and HEomily last. They ran, thus to the Royal stand, where Maganese, pulling hard, rushed into the second place, Saucebox being third, weli laid -up, the other two 'being separated from them by upwards of six lengths. On going -down the hiUl past the Swinley post Simony increased her lead, and was soon fully a dozen lengths ihead, the others following in Indian file at intervals of about a. length and a hlf On approaching the, brick-liln turn Simony gradually gave way, and soon afterwards dropped into the rear, and Homily passed Winkfield. Manganese then went on -with the running, followed by Saucebox, Homily, and Winlfield, in the order named. As they ascended the hill towards the last turn Winlfield drew into the third place, and on entering the straight was in close attend- ance upon Saacebox. At the distance Saucebox reached| Manganese's shoulders, Win'sfield biding his time at his quarters. Half way up Fordham called upon Manganese, wio made a faint effort only, and Wiukfield then came out and won easily by three lengths; a length and a-half between the second and third; bad fourth. Simony was pulled up and walked in. HANDICAP SvxrPTAXEs, of 5 sovs. each, -with 50 added, for 2 and 3 yr olds. Half a mile. 27 subs. Mr.J. ML Stanley's Oltenitza, by the Flying Dutchman, 3 yrs, Sst. 41b. (Ashmall) ... ... .. . 1 3Mr. Hope's Sly Fellow, 3 yrsj Sst. 121b. (Alderoft) . 2 Captain Christie's The Abbot, 2 yrs, Gst. 71b. (Fordham) 3 Mr. Merry'i Cara Fatima, 2 yrs, 7st. 71b. (J. Hall) ... 4 The following also ran :- Lord Anglesey's Flying Dachess, 3 yrs, Sst. 121b. (G. XMann). Mr. Harland's Mirage, 3 yrs, Sst. 71b. (Basham). Mr. Saxon's Pretty Girl, 3 yrs. 7st, 121b. (J. Forster). Mr. C. Forinby's Bonnets o' Blue, 3 yrs, 7st. 121b. (Covey). Mr. Howard's Chow, 2 yrs, 7st. l01b. (J. Goater). Mfr. C. Snewing's Annot Lyle, 2 yrs, 7st. 71b. (Bray). MIr. J. S. Forbes's Roulade, 2 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Quinton). -Captain White's Fie, 2 yrs, 7st. 41b. (Charlton). MI r. Gulliver's Salonica, 2 yrs, 7st. 41b. Mr. Payne's Perfume, 2 yrs, 7st. (}'lumb). Mfr. -W. Day's St. Giles's, 2 yrs, .7st. Baron Rothschild's Cinderella, 2 yrs, 7st. General Peal's Inspiration, 2 yrs, 7st. (3. Steggles). Betting.--5 to'2 ag-st Perfume. 5 to 1 each agst Oltenitza and Mirarge, 12 to 1 agst Pretty Girl. Oltenitza mado most of the running, and won by two leigths; a length separated the second from the third, and two lengths the third from the fourih; Chow was fifth, AnnotILyle sixth, Fie seventh, Perfume eighth, and Flying Duchess ninth, tolerably well up. The Nw' STAXEs of 10 sovs. each, with 100 added, for 2- yr-olds; colts, Sst. 71b.; fillies, Sit. 31b. Certainwinners extra. T.Y.C. 49 subs. Mrr. Dennet's filly by Red Hart, out of Subterfuge, Sst. 71b. (Fordham) ... ... ... ... ... 1 Mr. Howard's Goldfinch, Sst. 71b. (Wells) ... ... ... 2 Mr. Howard's Schiedam, Sst. ?lb. (J. Goater). 3 The following also ran :- Lord Anglesey's Somerset, Sst. 71b. (G. Mann). Mr. E. R. Clarlk's Yorkshireman, Sit. 71b. (Dockeray). Captain Christie's Equity, 8st. 31b. (T. Cliff). Mr. W. Day's Equinox, Sst. 31b. (Sly). Mr. Drinkald'sBlack Tommy, Sst. 71b. (Alderoft). Mr. G..W. Fitzwilliam's Aspasia, Sit. 31b. (A. Day). Mr. J. S. Forbes's Double Gloster, 8st. 31b. (Quinton). Mr. GuUiver's Saloniaa, Sst. 71b. (Yates). Mr. La Mert's the Duke, Sst. 71b. (Cowley). Colonel Martyn's colt by Collingwood, out of Elfe Sst. 7ib. (W. Abdale). Mr. Mlorris's Admiral Lyons, Sst: '7b. (Basham). Baron Rothschild's Sydney, Sit. 71b. (Charlton). Mr. F. Rowland's the Zouave, Sit; 7Tb. (J. MAnn). MIr. Saxon's Queen Bess, Sit. 31b. (J. Forster). Mfr. J.-M. Stanley's Kingmaker, Sst. 7Tb. (Bartholomew). MYr. H. Stone's Boscobel, Sst, 71b. (carried Sit. 101b.) (J. Harrison) Captain White's GiUiver, Sst. T7b. (Flatman). Betting,-Even on Golfinch, 6 to 1 agst Aspasia, 10 to 1 each agst Double Gloster, Gilliver, and Black Tommy. Subterfuge filly made all the running, and, after a fine race in with the favourite, won by a neck; two length between the second and third; Aspaia was a good fourth, Sydney was fifth, Double Gloster sixth. Equity seventh; Somerset heading the next lot. On returning to scale the owner of Goldfinch lodged an objection against the Subterfuge ilUy, on the plea that she was not the proper age. The Sr. J.AM's PALA.CE STAKES, of 100 sovs. each, h.ft.; for 3-yr-olds; colts, Sst. 71b.; fillies, St. 41b. Old mile. 15 suabs. MIr. Combe's Pitapat by Alarm, Sst. 71b. (Bartholo- mew)... .. ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 Mr. Howard's Spindle, Sst. 41b. (Wells). ... 2 Mr. W. Peers Grampian, Sit. 7Tb. (A. Day) 3 Betting.-5 to 4 on Pitapat, 5 to 2 agst Grampian, 3 to 1 agst Spindle. The favourite made all the rnnming and won by a length; same distance between the second and third. The W nDson FOREST STvAxx; of 50 sovs. each, h. ft.; for 3-yr-olds; fillies, Sst. 71b. each. Certain penalties. Old mile. 3 subs. Mr. Earland's Mirage by The Flying Dutchman, Sst. 71b. (Basham), walked over. (From the Court Circular.) WIN)DSOR, Jtnex 12. The Queen went to-day to Ascot Rtaces. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, with the Royal visitors and suite, left the Castle in 11 carriages-and-four, at 20 minutes past 12 o'clock. The attendants, and also the outriders, were in scarlet liveries. The first (open) carriage conveyed Her Majesty the Queen and their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Cambridge, the Regent of Baden, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia. The second carriage conveyed their Royal Highnesses Prince Albert, the Princess Royal, the Princess Mlary of Cambridge, andthe Prince of Wales. The third carriage conveyed their Royal Highnesses the Princess Alice, the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Alfred, and the Countess de Persigny. The fourth carriage conveyed the Duchess of Sutherland, the Countess de Bernstorff, the French Ambassador, and the Duke of Welington. The fifth carriage conveyed Lady Macdonald, the Countess of Clarendon, the Prussian Minister, and the Earl of Eglintoun. Thesixth carriage conveyed Lady Geraldine Somerset, the Countess of Bessborough, andLieutenant-GaneralBaron Schreckenstein. The seventh carriage conveyed Lady Caroline Barrington, the Marquis of Abercorn, and the EaTr of Clarendon. The eighth carriage conveyed the Hon. Lucy Kerr, the Hon. Mary Bulteel, Lord Waterpark, and Colonel Baron Sentter. The ninth carriage conveyed Baron de Moltlke, Captain de Heinz, Lord George Lennox, and MIajor Hnome Purves. The char-a.-banc conveyed Lieutenant de Schreclenstein, Baron de Gemmingen, the Hon. Mortimer Sackville West, and Major-General Berkeley Drammond. The eleventh carriage conveyed Colonel Tyrwhitt, Dr. Ullnan, and Mfr. Gibbs. Prince Albert, the Duke of Cambridge, and the gentlemen of the Royal Household appeared in the Windsor uniform. The Duke of Buccleuch and Viscount Palmerston rode on horseback to the racecourse. The Equerries in Waiting, Lord Charles Fitzroy and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, attended Her fajesty on horseback. The Lord Steward, the Lord Chamberlain, and the MIaster of the Bucklhounds preceded the Queen to the Royal Stand. Her IMjesty returned from the races at 25 minutes before 6 o'clock. The Queen gave a dinner to a numerous party in the evening. The banquet was served in St. George's-hall on the magnificent service of gold plate. The table was decorated wvith epergnes and wine coolers in silver gilt, the former being filled with artificial flowers. The large St. George candelabrum supporting 12 waxlights was placed opposite HerMajesty, andother ca-delabraalsofilledwith waxvlights were displayed the whole length of the table. On the buffets erected at each end of the hall were arranged a large selection of the choicest specimens of the Royal treasury. At the base of the vest buffet waere four large shields, two of them enriched with designs illustrating the feasts of the gods, one of them a battle, and the fourth the chase. The middle of the baso was occupied by the -beautiful architectural fountain, in gold and silver, to 'which horses are being led to drink, from the Irash Exhibition. The compartment above was filled with crystal and jewelled vases and cups, golden bulb cups, and tankards and cups elaborately carved in ivory, and enriched with preious stones, the national cup of St. George occupying the centre. Above these was placed the shield presented by the King of Prussia to his godson the Piince of Wales, with other articles of rare workmanship and value, and above all, on the top, -as the urn, one of the spoils of the great Spanish Armada. On the opposite buffet the principal object was the Shield of Achilles, designed by Flaxman, with a great number of bther beautiful and interesting articles of gold plate. Both buffets were most brilliantly lit by numerous sconces and candelabra of silver gilt. The company included their Royal Higbnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Princess Royal, the-Dnchess of Cambridge, and the Princess Mary; the Regent of Baden, Prince Frederick *Wiiam of Prssia, and the Dule of Cambridge; theDuchess of Sutherland, the French Ambassador and Countess Per. signy, the Duke of Baecleneb, the Duke and Duchess of WeliHngton, the Belgian Minister and Madame Van de Weyer, the Prussialn Mnister and Contess Bernstorif, the Marquis of Breadalbane, the Marquis of Abercorn, the Mrchioness ef Ely, Lady Ania MaOaDawson, Iady Geraldine Somerset, Baroness de Speth, the Earl of Dalkeith, Earl Spe-xr; Earl of :glluin, Earl and ComAes of Clarendon, Earl and Countess of Bessborougb, Exrl and Countess of Harewood, and the LAdies Blancheand 7lorence Lascelles, Viscount Palmerston, Lord George Lennox, Lord oDuglas Mr. and the Hon. Mrs. George Hope, Mss Hope, Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg, 1st Life Guards; Colonel lamhert, 2d]Battalion Grenadier Guards; Lieutenant-Gener-A [Baron Shreckenstein, Baron Moltke, Colonel BAron Sautter, Baron de Gemmingen, Captain de Heinze, Lieutenant de Shreclienstein, Dr. Ullman, Dr. Wegner, Major Home Purves, Colonel Tyrwhitt, and the Ron. Mortimer SacLkjile West. The band of the 1st Life Guards attended during dimner, and played the following piece:- Grandmrchoftbe1stLifeGnArds .. . M the Daiches, Ourerture "Die1uWtigenWeiberTonaWidnae1 Otto 2jooa1o Fackeltanz ... otow Selection, " 11TroTt too . .. VerdL Aria and Vahae, ' Ah che aa,orto" .. .. Venuano. Grand Selection, " Lucia di unmermnoor .. Donizetti Giee. * eyseer Vanduncb" .. . I Sir H. B. Bishop. Walzer. "Slowanksa Maenge" .. . .. GncgL Giaop, "Vittorio EnmanueleP .. .. .. pertL Her Majesty had afterwards an evening party. The following had the honour of receiving initations. The D1)uk de Caderousse Grammont, the Marquis and Marchioness de Calabrini, Earl of Powis, Earl of Uzsbridge, Earl and Countess of Mountcharles, Lady Cecilia Conyngham, Lord Francis Conyngham, Viscountess Duncan, Viscount and Viscountess Enlyn, Viscount and Viscountess Maidstone, Viscount Valletort, Lady Caoline and Miss Barrington, Lady Elizabeth de Ros, Miss de Ross, Lady R. Egerton. Lord James and Lady Rachel Butler, Lady Churchill, Uord Raglan, Lord Burgbersh, Lord Marcus and Miss Hil, Ladr O'Donnell, Miss O'EHara, Baron and Baroness M. Rothschild, Baron Lionel and Mliss Rlothschild, Colonel the Hon. C. B. and Mrs. Phipps, Major-General the Hon. C. and Mr Grey, Colon-- and Iady Emily Seymour, Captain and Lady Jane Levett, the Rev. Mr. and. Lady Aunn Maria Cust, two Misses Cust, .Mr. and Lady Elizabeth Cust, lr. and Lady Esily Cavendish, the Hon. A_Liddell, the Hon. H. and Mrs. Asiley, the Hon. R. and Mrs. LAwley, Captain R. and the Hon. Mnrs. Macdonald,Lady and Miss Macgregor, Sir John, Lady, and Miss Shelley, Admiral and Miss Meynell,. Major-General, Mrs., and Miss ITnollys, Colonel and MIrs. Challoner, Colonel and Mrs. Moncrieff, Colonel and Mrs. I'oulett Somerset, Lieutenant-Colonel Haygarth, Major and Mrs. Howard Vyse, Major Maxse, Captain, Mrs., and Miss Sayer, Captain and Mrs. Streatfield, Captain Gordon, Captain Pletcher, Captain Markham, Iev. lr. and Mrs. Mloore, two MIisses Moore, Mr., Mrs. and Miss Clive, Mr. Norman Macdonald, Mr. Newton, Mr. J. Stanhope, Mi,. A. Walsh, Mr. A. Lumley, Mr. Meynell Ingram, Mr. Neville Grenville, Sir J. Pringle, Captain F. Cust,, Mr. Glover, and llr. Gibbs. Her Majesty's private band was in attendance in the music gallery.
UZIVZERSITY INTELZIGENCE. OXFORD, Jmux 12. .Ln a congregation elid thtis daythle foilowing degrees were conferred -. B.D. Rev. John IL Rice, Fellow of magdalen. M.A. Rev. Henry Deane, B.C.L., New College. Rev. Frederick R. Potter, Queen's. Frederick W. Walker, scholar, Corpus. Thomas Collins, Wadham. Rev. John Hodgson, Wadhan. Rev. Henry J. Poole, rembroke. Edwa-rd P. Bsmgnarten.-Worcester. B.A. John B. Medley, Exeter. James B. Richey, Exeter. Sayer P Wormall, Lincoln. Walter Snmmers, Worcester. - - Rev. WNilliam P,rosser, Magdslen HalL Mir. 23L Williams, 1LA., of University College, hua been re-appointed Examiner in the Sauskrit Ianguage and literature at the ensning examination nf candidates for the ivil sernice of the East India Company. The following subjects are .roposed for the Chancellor's -prizes for the ensuing year-viz.:- For latin verse, " Sebastopol." For an English Essay, " Comparison of the Moral Results of the Grecian and Egyptian Mythology." For a Latin Essay, " Gentes navibus -nsignes cum gentibus milite pollentibus comparate. The firt of the above subjects is intended for those gentlemen who on the day appointed for sending the exercises to the Registrar of the Uriversity shall not have exceeded four years, and the other two for such as shall have exceeded four, but not completed seven years, from the tume of their matriculation. SIr. BOGEE NEWVIGATE'S PRIZE, For the best composition in English verse, not limited to 50 lines, by any undergraduate who on the day above specified shall not have exceeded four years from the time of hi" matriculation :-"The Temple of Janus." It is required that the poem shall be in heroic couplets. In every case the time is to be computed by calendar, not academical years, and strictly from the day of matriculition to the day on wvhich the exercises are to be delivered to the Registrar of the UJniversity, without reference to any intervening circustances whEatever. No person 'ho has already obtained aFprize will be deemed entitled to a second prize of the same deseription. The exercises are nll to he sent under a sealed cover to the Registrar of the University on or before the 31st day of Karch next. None will be received after that time. The author is required to conceal his name, and to distinguish his composition by what motto he pleases, sending at the same time his name and the date of his matriculation, sealed up under another cover, with the same motto inscribed upon it. The exercises to which theprizes shall have been adjudged will be recited (after a previous rehearsal) in the Theatre uponthe Commemoration-day, immediatelyafter the Crewian Oration. DR. ELLERTON'S THEOLOGICAL PRI. The folloxving subject is proposed for the ensuing year:"c On the Character of St. John the Evangelist." Members of theUniversity entitled to 'write forthe abovementioned prize must have passed their examination for the degree of B.A. or B.C.L. They must not on this day (June 12) have exceeded their 2Sth term. They mdust have commenced their 16th term eight weels previous to the day appointed for sending in their essays to. the Registrar of the University. In every case the terms are to be computed from the m3atriculation inlclusively. The essays are to be sent under a sealed cover to the Registrar of the University on or before the Wednesday in Easter week next ensuing. None will be received after that day. The author is desired to conceal his name, andto distinguish his composition by what motto he pleases, sending at the same tine his name and the date of his matriculation, sealed up under another cover, with the same motto inscribed upon it. The essay to which the prize shall havo been adjudged will be read before the University in the Divinity Schoot on some day in the week next before the Commemoration; and it is expected that no essay will be sent in which exceods in length the ordinary limits of recitation. aINS. DENYER'S THEOLOGICAL PRIZES. The following subjects are proposed for the ensuing year: -" The Manifestation of the Union of Divine Justice and Mlercy in the Atonement;" "On the Socal Duties of Christians." Members of the University entitled to write for the above-mentioned prizes must be in Deacon's orders at least; and on the last day appointed for the delivery of the compositions to the Registrar have entered on the eighth, and not exceeded the tenth year from their matriculation. The compositions are to be sent under a sealed cover tba the Registrar of the University on or before the 1st day of March, 1S57. None will be received after that day. The author is reqTLired to conceal his name, and to distingnish his composition by w/hat motto he pleases, sending at the same time his name and 2he date of his matriculation,, sealed up under another cover, with the same motto inscribed upon it. The compositionsi to which the prizes shall have been ad. judged willberead beforethe Universityin the Divinity School on some day i the week next before the Commemoration, and it is expected that none will be sent in -which exceed in length the ordinary limits of recitation,
PATaioTIC FUND.-In cOnsequence of the termination of the war and the pressure of other public business, Lord St. Leonard's has tendered his resignation as a mcber of the Executive and Finance Committee of the Patriotic Fund. The Royal Commissioners, in acceping it, passed the following resolution unArimously:-."'7 aogA Commnissioners desire to express their regret that Lord St. Leonard's is unable to cont-inue to give them the benefitof his valuable services as chairman of the Executivo and Finance.Comnittee, aid at the same time to tender to kina their best thanlm for the great el arud ability th'which he has hitherto dissciarged the duties of that officeY The Right Hon. Lord Colchester, baving consented to act as a member of that committee, wa duly appointed. The Executive and Finnxce Committee, at a meeting heldon the llth inst., elected Lord Colchester as their chaiman, ain passed a resolution extressing their regrt at losainyt1 advantages of the clear judgment and g& t ex tC of the Right Hon. Lord St. Leonard3.
INDIA. * 'The following appeared in our second edition of yes. terday :-I We have received Bombay papers of the 12th and Calcutta papers of the 3d of May. We take the following from the overl%nd summary of the Bonmbay Times.:- "We have just hada little Santal insurrection of our own, which, though not on so great a scale as that in L,ower Bengal, bas had a good deal in common witl it. We are not able to discover how the nisunderstanding first began. As usual, it is said, there have been a woman and priests in the case. Some of the railway people working at the foot of the Bhore Ghaut had, it is asserted, behaved themselves improperly in the villages, and the belief began to. spread abroad that they were in -quest of young- children, of whom 300 were said to be required, to propitiate the demons of the rock. The workpeople first fled from the part of the line near MIatheran, after having severely maltreated some Parsee workmen employed in constructing houses- on the hill-top. Irritation 'had now proceeded to such a pitch that every stranger, of whatever race, on making his appearance in the neighbourhood was almost sure to be -attacked. The villagers have nowhere taken the field in bo3lies, nor is there any apprehension of a general rising, 'and with a little qiuet management everything will most likely settle down, when the fallaciousness of the fears for their children becomes apparent. There was the same panicat the idea of hunman sacrifices when the cuttings were in progress at Nowrojee-hill, near the centre of Bombay, in 1852. A fine commentary it affords us certainly on enlightenment descending from above, and on the relative merits of univeraities and of village schools, to find a whole district along the line of the great highway to the Deccan, constracted 40 years ago, panicstricken at the apprehension of the wholesale immolation of their children! The disturbed villages are within a two-hours' railway run of the Elphinstone College. Their inhabitants have been in constant communication with Europeans since Governor ,\epean's time, and yet in civilization they seeni behind the South Sea lslanders. "Arobbery was a fortnight since comumitted just -within the Baroda frontier very likely to lead to more important consequences than its planners or abettors dreamt of at the time. Property to the value of 10,0001., consisting chiefly of gold and silveir in bars, belonging to British merchants, was despatched on the 24th of April from Bombay to Ahmedabad, both British cities. On entering the Guicowar's dorinions, which stretch across the thoroughfare between the northern and southern parts of the Bombay Presidency, the escort of ten armed men who accompanied the treasure was set upon by forty ruffians, and, after a gallant resistance, mastered, maltreated, and robbed, one man having been killed and three dangerously wounded. The battle occurred at sunset, near the frontier townv of Mleeagong, in a quiet open country, not infested by plunderers, nor fitted for the pturposes of depredation; and the circumstances of the case create the strongest suspicion that the villains must have been under the protection of the chief of MIeeagong. This wvorthy was, from the frequency of such mishaps in his neighbouirhood many years ago, made responsible for the restoration of property stolen within his territories. On being applied to on the present occasion the matter was treated with indifference, and no step whatever taken to obtain redress for the suifferers, and the Baroda authorities in these matters followed the example set by their feudatory. It is only three years since the leading mnen in this most corrupt State were found assisting in defrauding of the iich banker's widow, the Settanee Jothabaee, out of her property, to the extent of half-a-million, to enable thenm to escape their liabilities to the bank. "3Matters proceed tranquilly in Oude, with a slight exception, -which has been attempted to be made muchi of, of a threatened mutiny in a regiment formierly in the King's, now in the British service. Ten months' arrears of pay were due to them by the late Governmuent, and, some delay they seemed not to have expected having arisen before the forms of our pay department could be complied with, the men refused obedience to their officers, when a little compromise and management put matters to rights. " Sir James Outram has been compelled to take a sea voyage for the benefit of his health: he left Calcutta by the Bentinck on the 4tk. Wle are not aware of his further purposes; as his family remain behind him, there seems no reason to believe the report of its being his intention to retire fiom India. Sir Henry and Sir John Lawrence, and Mr. EdmonstoNie, Secretary to Government, are all spoken of as likely to be his successors, the gentleman first named being the likeliest. "The recent arrangements in the Home Department of the Acdministration, so far as the Ministry are concerned, have given general satisfaction. "A further section of the7Bombay Railway, extending;to .the bottom of the Ghauts, was opened this morniun, so that the two grand limbs to Wassind and Calmpoolee are ready for the ascent of the Thull and Bhore Ghauts respectively. The first of these leads northward through Candeish iutil it joins the grand Calcutta line near Agra; the second, on attaining the Deccan and passing Poonah, stretches south-eastwardtowards Madras. We can now travel 70 miles uninterruptedly on either line, nor dots there appear to be any difficulty in constructirg railways as rapidly in India as in England, as soon as the correspondence stage of proceedings is suirmounted, but five or ten years wasted on this is nothing in the least unusual. "Intelligence has since our last been received of the safety of the Hon. Company's steam frigate Queen, at one time supposed to have been lost in a hurricane in the Arabian Sea on the 18th of Apiil. The ship is notoriously so rotten as to be endangered by the slightest squall. Had the gale only struck her she must have gone down at once. Her commander wisely turned tail, and ran the moment he felt its approach. Just that day nine years the Cleopatra had perished in a hurricane, being iunseaworthy when she left port. The Akbar was kept on the Suez route years after she was deemed unsafe by her officers; when put out of commission at last it was found that it would cost 60,0001. to repair her, an amount considerably exceeding her original cost. In Juie, 1853, the Ajdaha escaped almost by a miracle, and continues at sea, to the daily peril of the lives of those on board. "Severe hail and thunder storms begin to prevail up and down everywhere, giving note of the early approaclh of the rainy season, and, though nearly through with the hot weather, we have suffered materially from the water scarcity that was apprehended. The constriction of the Vehar Waterworks is meanwhile advancing rapidly, and, if not retarded by a change of engineers,the whole will probably be completed by the advent of the next scanty monsoon. General Low, Military Member of Council at Calcutta, and the Hon. M1r. ILumsden, senior Mlember of Council, Bombay, both go home by this day's steamer on six months' sick leave, under the new regulations; we trust to see both back again in November. "The Governor-General remains at Calcutta,Lord Elphinstone is sojourning at AMatheran, coning in to the Presidency occasionally, and Lord Harris continues at Madras. He has just commnenced a series of district agricultural exhibitions, and recently presided at the first, which was held at Clingleput." We take the following from the commercial rep?ort of the Calcmtta Star of the 3d of May:- We have hardly anything of importanco to notice this week in our produce-market, which has been much abont the same as il the precedin-v week. Operations have not been exteasr7e, shippers showing no great disposition to o,cerate, awaiting accounts from home. In imports also there has not been much doing, partly owing to the oppress*ve weather, which has prevented. buyers from stirring out, and to a stand of bmtuness at the commtencemnent of tho native commercial year, as is generally - The money-market has exhibited no change, and the Bank rates stil remain tnaltered. In exchange, rates have a downward tendency, and may now be quoted:-Bank bills, at six months' sight, at 2s. 2d.; credits, ditto, 2s- 2id.; document, ditto, at 2s. 2Ad.; Treasury, ditto, at 2s. licd.; Bank post bills, ditto, at 2s3. f Id. Government securities remain as quoted in our last, and verylittle doing. - EXPORS. Ir.digo.-We have heard of no transactious during the week, and the advices from the concerns are much about the sameas statedin our last. p.aw Silk.-Fine quality filature continues in great de. inand at formerprices. The artilehas alreadyattainedthe }:ighest limits, as my he seen from those of former years. Tue nmajority of the purchasers seem now to panse, awaiting the confirmation of the news of peace; in anticipation ot shich, however, some shippers have lately been purchasing to a great extent, at prices fully 6d. to Is. above London prnces. Native silk, of the March bund, which is now coming to: market, has been readily taken up, bat not at the same! advance as the above. Silk Piece Goods.-In corahs very little has been done" since the arrival of the mail of the 10th of Mfarch ;the un-. favourable news which' it has brought us, together with the, very inferior quality in this market, of which there is an, inreased stock, has checked operations, and unless holders, submit to lower prices, and Produce abetter description of, goods, we do not look for early active operations. Nothing doing in choppahs and bandannas. A purchase of 4,00I pieces Cossimbazzar corahs, at 104r. per corge, is the only transaction reported this week. Cotton.-Very little doing, purchases of 250 bales BandaatlOr.lOa.tolOr. 12a. permaund, beingtheonlytrans.! actions brought to notice. The stock continues small, and nearly every bale in the bazaaris engaged for China. Prices. have been a shade lower since the arrival of the Lady Mary Wood. Sugar.-The demand is steady and confined to date produce at firm prices. The new crop of Benares is coming to market; but the prices asked are too high to encourage shipment. ~ Saltpetre also in steady demand, and the transactions reported are at full previoUY prices. Rice.-Pnrchases and exports to Great Britain. have rather fallen off. Shipments to other places continue to a; fair extent. Wheat.-A few transactions are going on for GreatBritain and Bourbon, at a slight reduction in price. Lac Dye has been in limited inquiry. . Shell Lac has been in better inquiryfor Great Britain and America. . Oil Seeds.-Parchases continue to be made for the home and American marlkets, but at slightly reduced prices. Oils.-Very little doing. Hides and Skins are in limited transaction. Tute continues infairinquiry at former prices. Opiam.-In our Iast we adverted to the likelihood of a; large cropof Patuafor ne.xtyear; this has been confirmedi by the news received in the Bazaar, which has caused a doclinein prices. The quotations at Present are :-New Patna, at 9G7r.; new Benares, 9S5L.; old atna, 930r.; old Benares, 951r. The old drug is neglected and unsaleable at these, prices. We may safely calculate on at least 5 to S per cent. addition on the Patna crop next year, and prices must consequently rale lower at the ensuing sale. The steamers Lancefield and Shanghai have on board, the former 2,336 chests, and the latter 1,004 chests. I!IrORTs. Yule Twist.-The demands confined to No. 40 at a sEght improvement of a half pie per morah; the other Nos. are not much in request. Chintzes. -A few sales of Manchester goods are reported to have taken place during the week. Coloured Cottons continue to be sold at former prices. Shirtings.-Gray, 40 inches wide, continue to be sold freely ait out any improvement in price. MadapoUams.-Grays continue ,to be sold at full former prices. Jaconots.-Both gray and white have been sold at firm prices. I3appets, Mulls, and Japan Spots.-Sales continue to a fair extent at steady prices. Woollens continue in limited inquiry. Copper.-A sale of 450 maunds sheathing 16.32 oz. at Co.'s rs. 49 is reported, showing a decline in price. In other descriptions there is nothing doing, and there is no change, in price to notice. Iron.-Some sales are reported at our last quotations. Steel andLead.-Without sale, and remain as last quoted. FREIGrTS. The rates of tonnage for Europe have considerably fallen since our last, and may at present be quoted as below v- London. Liverpool. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. Sugar ... ... 3 0 0 to 3 5 0 3 0 0 Saltpetre ... ... 3 0 0 3 0 0 Rice ... ... 3 0 0 3 0 0 wheat ... ... 3 10 0 Nominal.
THE DETECTION OF STRYCHNVINE. TOITHE EDITOIR OF THE TIhlES. Sir,-I cannot conceive an opinion more dangerous to public safety than that a fatal dose of poison can be so nicely adjusted as to escape discovery after death. Yet such has obviously been the tendency of many letters published in various journals for some time past. It was with feelings of deep regret that I noticed in your edition of to-' day a cornmunication from a former colleaguLe of mine, Mr. AncelU, who I am sure would never have sent it had he been aware of Ithe nature and results of numerous experiments lately made by myself independently, and in conjunction' with Mr. Girdwood. I have asserted aud do assert that, strychnine cannot evade detection if proper processes be enmployed for its separation. In this opinion I am supported by the highest chymical authorities of the day, and now request a space in yoar valuable columns to give to the world a process which accompanies this letter, and which has enabled myself and MIr. Girdwood to detect that fearful poison in the blood. liver, tissues, and contents of stomachs of animalspoisoned by.doses such as those Dr. Taylor administered in'the experL ments on which he founded his theory promulgated at the late trial, and which has also enabled us to separate the' strychnine from the tissues and organs of a dog after the bodv hadbeen interred 12 months. The results of these experiments, but without a description of the process employed, were forwarded by myself and Mr. Girdwood for the consideration of Sir George Grey, as we were of opinion that if John Parsons Cook was poisoned by strychnine, no matter how.small the fatal dose, its presence could even now be clearly demonstrated if the tissues of his body were subjected to the same mode of analysis. I cannot conclude this letter without expressing my opinion that, as of aU kaown poisons there is not one more readily detected 'in the tissues than strychnine, consequently no death ought to be attributed to its agency unless its presence be clearly demonstrated. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. J. E. D. RODGERS, Lecturer on Chymistry at the St. George's School of Medicine. Laboratory, St. George's School of Medicin;e, June 12. The process alluded to in the above is as follows :-The tissues of the body are rubbed with distilled water in a mortar to a pulp, and then digested, after the addition of a little hydrochloric acid, in an evaporating basin; then strained, and evaporated to dryness over a water bath; digest theresidue n spirit filter, and again evaporate to dryness; treat with distilled water, acidulated with a few drops of hydrochloric acid, and filter; add excess of ammonia, and agitate in a tube with chloroform; the strychnine in an impure condition is entirely separated with the chloroform. This chloroform solution is to be carefully separated by a pipette, and poured into a small dish, and evaporated to dryness ; the residue is moistened with concentrated sulphuric acid, and heated over a water bath for half an hour; wvater is then added, and excess of ammoniaagain atgtated with chloroform, and the strychnine will be again separated by the chloroform, now in a state of sufficient purity for testing, which can be done by evaporating a few drops on a piece of white porcelain, adding a drop of strong sulphuric acid, a minute crystal of bichromate of potash being added in the usual way; or the elegant mode proposed by Dr. Letheby can be adopted. J. E;. D). RDGERs, Lecturer on Chymistry at the St. George's School of Medicine. G. Pi,oW GIRDWOOD, Assistant-Surgeon, Grena- dier Guards.
THE APPELLATE JURISDICTION OF THE HOUSE OF LORDS.-The report of the select committee of the Lords, already published, fills, with the minutes of evidence, a blue-book of 200 pages. The committee sat nine days, and examined 17 witnesses, including Lord St. Leonard's, Mr. R. Palmer, M.P., Sir F. Kelly, Sir R. Bethell, M.P., Mr. Napier, M.P., Sir J. RomiUy, Sir J. Stuart (Vice-Cisancellor), and Mr. M. Ker. The bill brought in to carry out the recommendations of the comnittee has also been printed. its provisions are well known, and have frequently been discussed in the leading columns of Vhe Tines. THE CEN-TPmAL AE-RICAN QUESTION AND COSTA RIcA.-Some correspondence between the late Mfr. Waller- i stein, Consul-General of Guatemala and Costa Rica, andthe English Government has just been published. It arose out of Mr. WaaUerstein's application for permission to purchase from Her Majesty's stores some pieces of artilery for the Government of Guatamela. Last l)ecember the,Consul addressed the Earl of Clarendon at great length, calling his Lordship's attention to the interests of the English Government in Central America, as affected by the filibustering expedition of General Walker to Nicaragna. Mir. WaUerstein appears clearly to have foreseen the difficulty that has lately arisen with the United States of America in reference to Central America, and he apprised Lord Clarendon of the notorious fact that vesses were being fitted out and armed adventurers collected in the ports of the United States for expeditions against countries and territories in the same hemisphere. In the face of the dan"ers which thus threatened Costa Rica and the smaU btates adjacent Mr. WaUerstein earnestly appealed to the English Government, soliciting its adop- tion of "effectual measures founded on some great' international principle, which might extend the countenance and protection of the powerful allies in Europe to youthful and comparatively weak countries against- the system of unprincipled aggression which is calculated to retard, if not to ruin, their career as civilized States, and has become intolerable." This letter wasbacked by another from Id. Calvo, the Minister of Foreign Aflairs of Costa Rica, to the effect that one single English or Freiich ship of war, remaining alternately in the Gulf of Nicoya, combined with the internal force at the disposal of the Government, would be sufficient to dispel all. fear. and any flsbnusterizg attack, and to maintain in security the property not only of the people of Costa Rica, but more especially of those of France and England. A further application to the Foreign-office was made by Mr. WaUerstein last January, and the Earl of Clarendon repli6d. by according permission to purchase two brass mortar, at Woolwich, for the use of the Government of Guatemala, and announcing that instrnctions would he given to the Admiral on the Pacific stationito cause the coast of Costa Rica to be visited by Her Majesty's cruisersn, for the protection of British interests. A supply of muskets was afterwards ordered to be furnished to M. allerstein. On the 30th:of April Mr. Wallerstein once more called Lord Clarendon' @ attention to the state of affairs in Central America, Walker being then at war with his Government, and occupyintga position betwieen. Costa Rica and Greytown which rendered Iall conununication with the former a matter of extremd difflculty. Mr. Wa17erstein expressed his anxiety to kuovS " the policy wrhich Great Britain was cisposed to phnea towards this adventurer." - -
,FOREIGN INTELLIGANCE. - FRANCE. (FROM OUR. OWN C08POrNDET ) [The folowiug appeamd in our seond edtion of yee" tardAw -_ I - YAXI WZD.i-SDYr, J-s- JIL 6 p.. A Turin paper,-after having published the lett6r -of M.. Manin :against assassinationf for olitical causes, which I.communicated to- you onSe Ith ult., affirms that this gentlemasa /has done an 'injury to the cause of. Italy'; that he has .furrnisnedA weapon to the evemies of his country, by repxesent-: ing the Italiana as a band of assassins; and that th'e worst effect has been thereby produced on public opinion and the English press. . - . O s it was I who communicated that letter to TVe Times, I should indeed regret anything that.injured' I that noble but ill-fated country. 'But I ar decidedly of opitnion that the Turin journal in question has, -through excess of national susceptibility, ivhichjs entitled to' respect, or from imperfect acqaintance with the state of public opinion in Europe, and particularly in Euglaud, fallen into error; and I am certain that what it declares prejudicial to the cause of Italy is, on the contrary, of incalculable service to it. M. Manin has opened a crusade, in which all honest,patriots will. join him, against theo hideous doctrine of political assassination. It.was. an act of probity and courage which secures for him the approbation of all honourable men-of men whose approbation is worth having, and which will: increase the sympathies of civilized iEurope for a. nation which, instead of having recourse to puerile Idenials of its faults, is highminded and bold enough to avow them, and has the manly resolution to correct them. Let not the Turin journal be alarmed. The reputation of Italy, and the interest all rightmindedrmen feel for her, will have lost nothing; on the contrary, will have gained immensely. The, enemies of Italy have hitherto laid to the account of al1 Italian patriots every single stab from a stiletto I that has been given on the other side of the Alps. l A denial of the fact is,impossible, andrecriminations! would be openi to suspicion. But when one voice; is raised to denounxce such deeds, when one man accepts readily and largely the part of the blame which only attaches to a few, that voice should, be listened to when it adds that the greatest share of the excesses laid to the door of the whole is the woik of the partisans of the Austro-clerical :des.potism; and when he who thus speaks says "we are resolved to shake off, at any cost, such a stigma,!' it is the case of the sick man who knows the nature of his malady, but who does nit shrink from the most energetic remedies for his cure. In order to understand thoroughly the full import *of what M. Manin has done it will be well not t- lose sight of the actual state of political parties in Italy. Between the Piedmontese and the 111azzinian parties there has been recently formed a great* national party, including the Republicans who love:' Italy still more than the republic, and the Royalistsi Ewho love Italy far more than any one dynasty in p)articular. -3oth are, by common accord, ready to make every sacrifice for the attainment of Italian emancipation-that is, the independemce and unity of Italy. This great, party, which completely approves the actual policy of the -Piedmontese Government, and which will support it with its whole strength so long as it continues tobe Italian, already counts among its ranks the elite of the Italian patriots. . That party, I have rea|on to know, is increasing every day, and it will soon absorb all the other political factions. To this' party M. Manin belongs; he believes it is. one day' destined to, take a great part in the future destinies of Italy. He is evidently of opinion thatthis partywill' be great in proportion as it becomes known; that to attain the noble end it has in view it will never -adopt any means of success which are opposed to the principles of the strictest morality; and that the ambition of its members is to be known as not* merely sincere and devoted patriots, but also as, honest men. It is in the name and on behalf of this great national party that M. MaLnin has not only denounced the doctrine of p(litical assassination, but appealed to all Italians who truly love their country to combat it. In this -grave question it wiU not be without interest to say one word on. the attitude of the three political parties. The Piedmontese party has never yet beeii -accused of preaching the doctrine of political assassi-' nation; but it is, perhaps, open to the charge of not having preached with sufficient energy against it, and of having too often indulged in pleading what maybecalled extenua.ting circumstances. Thegreat national party has ever stigmatized that crime in.a manner that may have seemed to .certain persons ex-cessive, but which no right-minded man-will affirm to be above the extent of the evil. As for the MIazziniai party (if the term party can be applied to a handful of individuals who persist in blindlv following a prophet :who has invariably committed mistakes), which is generally accused of preaching that hideous doctrine, let it now come forward and boldly deny the charge. . Mr. Dillon, late Frenchl Consul at San Francisco, has been named Consul-General at Port-au-Prince, in Hayti. I understand that he has instructions from the French Government, to intimate to His Imperial: Majesty Soulouque, whose great amusement seenis to be to get himself shamefully beaten once a-year (if not oftener) by the Dominicans, that it Will not tolerate his agressions on the,.territory of that republic. Mr. Dillon is a native of Ireland. I am assured that the French Government have resolved on reducing the army by nearly 200,000 nien. The discharges are definitive, and none, ii>s cluding even the non-commissioned officers, will be allowed to again -enter the army except as private soldiers. On learning the rupture of the dike of the Divate, during his present tour, the Emperor determined on visiting Nantes. Accordingly, yesterday morn; ing, at 8 o'clock, the Emperor left in a cltaise de poste for Nantes. The people of Angers sur-. rounded the carriage and saluted His Mlajesty withthe loudest acclamations. The Emperor arrived at Nantes at half-past 1, and expelienced the most enthusiastic reception. His M1ajesty left the city this morning at 7 o'clock, and was expected this evening at 7 at Laval, -where he is to dine. He willleave shortly afterwards by rail, and arrive at St. Cloud in the night. AMonsignor Patri7zi was (on reachino Paris) to proceed to the metropolitan church to return thanks for his safe arrival; but NOtre Dame. being occupied by the workmen preparing for the Imperial baptism, the Legate left the Tuileries about 3 o'clock yesterday, and proceeded to the Church of Sb. Geneviave, where he was received, by the Arch- J bishop,'accompanied by the Metropolitan chapterl and clergy. The Archbishop addressed the Legate as follows *. . "E1minence,-We arehappy to receive you. The high and interesting mission which yon 'cofne to fulfil among ifs' proves once more how close are' the bonds which uaite France and the Church. -Your Emiinence will express tb Mis Hoiness, whorn'yonu so well represent, our unalterable feelings of fidelity and of devotion. What pleasure it: would be forus could we place that homage at the feet of i Pius IX. himself! He could not, however, have chosen a more worthy representative. The goodness which charactcriess you, and of which wo lately received at Rome such particulai proofs, adds to the feelings of our hearts. Thfose hearts are devoted to your Eminence, as they are to 'the well-beloved Father, who sent you." r The Legate replied that he was deeply affected at I the feelings expressed towards himn by the Arch'bishop; that he received them with pIeasure aid with gratitude, considering them as offered, not. to himself, for he thought himself unworthy of theml, but to the Sovereigfn Pontiff, to whom hei would faithfullly convey them. HIe added thitat he' felt 'assured His Htoliness would receive' with pleasure those expressions of fidelity and devoted- I ness which the Archbishop, at the head of his venerable Chapter and of his clergy, had -offered toj him. The' Cardinal concluded his --reply in thes'e words:-"Let us oW. go and kneel at- the foot' of the altar, and' pray to God for their Imperial. Majesties, for France, and for the Church." After, a short stay in the church the Legato withdrew. In the course of the day the Legate received the' ~Archbishop of Paris and' a number of high digni-t taries of the Church now in Paris, and likewise the I -Pope's Nuncio. - In the evening his Eminence wolit to Sc. Cloud to pay his rnspects to the Empress, Hler Majesty having expressed a desire to see him. - ; His Eoliness th6 Pbpe, on hearing of the disasteisi caused in France by the' inundations, directedf the ApostoEc Nunclo to contribute- on his behalf a sum of 1,000f. to' the 'subscription opened for theX relief of the sufferers. - , 'The Municipality of Met7, in -voting a sum of 16,000E. for the fetes on the occasion of the baptism of the Imnerial Prince, resolved that 6,00f.'ah6Wfd3 be disbursd in a grand-ballat the Hotel de VAle ;} but it has since-determined to heave no ball, and -ot 'evote the money to the victims of the i:iundat on The huni,cip lity 6f'Beian on has likewise voted The wealthy inhabitats of Tours are subscribing liberally,for the-relief of their poorer fellow-towns- sen;e one gentlemenj named Cane, of the Rue. Royale, has given 1402o00o. The -following privat6 telegraphic despatch hbs' beenTeceived:-: ' - ' "MAR,SEILES, 'JUs 10, EvaNxra. "M brsal R.andon, Govermor-General of Algeria, lia just set offorgParns. "Accounts from Algeria state that the harvest in Africa wil be most abundant. "The Mersey steanpbket has arrived, with accont3 from Constantinople to the 2a. " ^ report was-crrent that the Russians ha destroyed the fortress of Ismnail and the fortifications of Kars. "Somoe French ,functionaries are to be charged with the reorganization of the _Customs in the Turldsh empire. "A lighthouse has just been erected on Serpent's Islandi "ILetters broughtbytho Mersey stato that M.Isea Pereir4 was ,expcted 'at. Constantinoplb in order to organize thq -Ottoman Barnc - - "Thejournalsspeak-ofextensivepeculationsbeingincon 4 .templation, particularly buildings to be constructed in tho 'fine village of Bujtikaere, ontho Bosphorus. X " A numberof Eusropeans are anxiously awaiting the re" 'turn of Ali Pasha, in order to have a settlement of thQ rights of holding property.' Disturbances stiU continueriu' Roumelia. The crops. throughout the whole extent of the empire appear very fine. "Letters fromBroussa state that the crop of silk will be abundant. " Tie Sultan has made a very valuable present to Miss N' Accounts from Odessa state positively that h. dde Boutenieff has been appointed Russian Minister at Constan-3 :tinople, and AL O,zerow in the same capacityat Athens." The following appears in the Monit'entr I". In consequence of the decision come to by the Emperor 'and Empress, .to standjksponsors to the childrea born on the same day as the Prince Imperial, more than 3,600 applications have reachel the Minister of the Household of tho Emperor. The Prefects have been charged to make inquiries as to. the situatio,n fftfie families of those children, and I assistance has been alieidy sent to such as are in need of it. The intention of their Majesties is to transmit to each of those fan.iliWs, through the medium of the prefects, a certificate delivered by- the linister of the Emperor's household, and stating the favour granted to the childten by their Majesties. Au annual sum will be inscribed on the' budget of the Civil List of tli Emperor for the assistance of i necessitousfamilies, and their -Majesties ll take care of the children if they become orphans. Several Maydrshave made known that familieslhave delayed the baptism of their children until the day of the baptism of the Prince npe-, TaaL These per,ons may 'choose whomi they please'to hold' ,their children at,the baptisnial'font.' The Mayors will re-. -present the Emperor.in case* of need." The obsequies of G.aneral Petit, one of the most distinguished oflicers of the armies of the .Republic, and the- Empire, -vere celebrated to-day with great nmilitary pomp in the Church of St. Philippe dua Roule. The Tlhree perCents. closed to-day at 72f. for the -end of the -month; -the Four-and-a-Half per Cenits.;I ,at,,94f.; and the New Loan at, 71f. 80c.; Orleans, Railiway Shares, 1,39f. ,' Great Northern, 1,40f. ,; (Strasburg' 9(07f.;'50c.; .NeW Sharesy 870f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,495f.; Lyons' to the Mediterranean, Ii2z1of. ; Western, of France, 952f. 50c.; Eordea'ux. ',and Celte, 780f.';G,te:dt Cental of France, 676f. 25c ;~ :Lyons and Geneva, 805f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier,: i,845f.; Austrian 1ailways, 6501.: Cour.,. AWAuh nt-PA WSs, June 1l.-Cash PrieFour-and-a-Half pe Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), '93f. 25c. 50c. 75c. '94,; ditto second Loan of 1855 (60 per cenit. paid), 93f.756c.;' -ditto Certificates (60 per cent, paid). 93f. 75c.; Threo per Cents., 71f. 7QfI 95c, 71f. 71f .30c ditto secondjloan. of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 71f 40c -ditto Certificates (60 per cent. paid), 71f, 40c. ; Bank of France, 4,050f.; Cr6dit Foncier, 69Sf. ecx. div. - ditto Ohli- gations of 600f., our. p,er Cennt., 442f. 50c. - Prom. Obli,-, tions of 1,00f. Three per. Cent-,,- 930L; Crdit Mobilier, 1.815f. 1,840f. 1,830f. 1, 835f. I,845f. - Discount Bank-, 695f. 'Piedmontese Five pefCents., 99f. 92f. 25c. 50c. - Austrian Fiye per Cents., 9s;'Belgian Four-and-a-Hall per Cents., 2,7A; ,olans, S6;. Spani,sh Deibrred Converted, 25; dittoi ,,h4re~ jiepCents., '46; dittoInterior Debt, 41 41 42. .xc,hange o2n Lo2ndon, at sight, mo,neoy, 25f. 35c.; three months, .soiy 2. f 21
,I TEE. AGRICULTURAL SHOW, ' . I - AT. PARIS. I [Thg following appeared iix our second edition of yes-' .e;day:-1 : (FROX OUB AGRICULTURAL CORRESPONn}2T.) . I* I I I PARS, JUwz 11. The Show is. drawing towards a close. The prizes' were distributed yesterday and to-day, and to-mor-: vrov. the'stock will be. at the disposal of the exhibitors i for removal. TThe business of distribution began at' -' meetingof thejurors in the saloe of the Emperor :at 'the Palace' of Industry, where theMinister of 'Agriculture,. I. Rouher, with M. MIorny do Maor-, nay, presided. ' One commissioner fronm ea'ch of the various States of Europe which had sent anything to the Exhibition received three medals, one of gold, one of silve,& 'and. one of bronze. Then. every one of. the, jurors in succession was siinilarly rewarded, twVo basketfulls of medals being in this manner distributed. The Minister aidZ :the. jurors, niext 'proceeded to the "Salle- de. *Distribution," to 'which the whole -of the northern. gaUery has been appropriated, the interior being *tasteftully decorated and fitted up with seats"for several.thousaiidpbrs6n3. These were' already filled 'with. spectator5i 'the 'exhibitors and prize-winners being. placed ini the 'centre, opposite to the dais, -where the linistei and his Vice-Presidents took' :their seats. Near the 'Minister wre' observed M. KDupin, MA. 3B. !Denison, Baron M16nmich of Austria,' :Baron Peers, the 'Earl of Elgin, M. de Mornay, A. -St. Marie, and. ..Tisserand; while among the jurors and cocini33ioners were Sir M. S. Stewart, Sir John Forbes, Lord Dunlo, M. Lavergne, 'Couint Kergolay,' and' many others. The first prizes' ;only were distributedyesterday, and when wemention that' this' occupied 'nearly four continuous hours, -some idea may be formed of the number of medals' 'deivered.1 'If, in, agricultural phrase, we should say: that some bushels of themwere distributed, it would 'not be beyondtlie'nmark. Mr. Townley, Ir. Fishe'r. Hobbs, Mr. George Turner, Sir M. S. Stewart, Mr.. *Combie, and Lord Talbot de .lfalahide were the -most successful 'f the English exhibitors of cattle; .31r.' Sanday, Alr. George TMrner, MIr. John Brown, Mr. Jonas Webb, and MIr. John Carruthers, of! -English sheep; Messrs. -Ransome, Howard,3Hornsby,j Dray, and Barrett were among the more pronminent. medallists for English implements. A closely-printedj octavo of 8t pagep is filled with the names' ofI the prize-takers, so.that it would be altogether: .out of the.q.aestion to attempt to name more than a'very'fewof the most successful. One gentle-' man who acted a~s agent for his absent 'friends: had .a'. moderate-sized hand'-bag crammed with' -medals; several men had their.pockets fult; and, in' trath, it became at last difficult to meet aithafriendI -who'had not, from'one cause or another, obtained a i 'medal.' The fdreigners came out strongest in the 'class of merino sheep, Prince Esterhazy, Count 6onmch, Prince Schwarzenberg, Prince' F. Kinski,' and M Gadegast: being the most successful.' A new classofrprizes was distributed to the servants in: chsrre of tlieir' masters' stock; and this was not the '.least interesting or inerictive part of the dav's proceedings. The servants, when called forward to receive either their' own or their masters' prizes, .were. probably more criticised than the masters, themselves; and in that brilliant assembly, with 'epresentatives from' all the nations of Europel :looking on, we grieve to say it, that the Englishl -labourer was the pborest-looking man among them' all. The easy and independent look and bearinmo and the picturesque_ dress of the Spanish peasant, -the HungarianI shepherd, anqd the Swiss herdsman, 'c6intrasted miost painfully with the bent .nd sloucl- i *ing'gait' and sl6venly fustian' dress of the Englishi -cattle Irtuab. 'Ottragriculture may be the best, onr, 'lniulords the' tic`est, and our farmers the mosti g6 sperodii in' Europe, but there the comparisdn imlt stop.. - . . . ' ,At intervals the tedious routine of the medal-da-: Eeiry was relieved by miusic from a miliLary band' stAtiow w. ithin the gallery. The other parts of the .building were even more crowded than on any pre.-vious day. The -alleries were cool and pleasant, blit the air v as &cloe and warm below. There may.lie ksane defect-in. the ventilation, yet the heat of the day. was excesive, and, there' being no windi lit inrit hate; beebh a difnicult task to maintain currents :of 'fresh;- air-'through the buildin-. t' in. 'so fa'r' -a t. cdttle show is conce-dmd r < it is sgh tmrE that it 'should close. There niXist always-be T ns l co ecting'tobgether so many eattle from so mniany, differeftt, eountries,. and . confining them-nnrder4sddh' povel "eircimstances of food' -and ' tr'eatmeit,; 'nfr. that' rea'sonh the periodl'of ilidi ' stay 3htul; a3sboita ~spossible. 'They have raw bleen, l,brq e ' lie buIrldEg. ightorlten days ;guld ha>s,v beenLenough.; for .rraugeiitt I~~~~~ _, r might have been made to .have the business of the 'judges t a,sacted' :ith -greater d&spati:h, - and thus to-open the Exhibitioii to the pn1lid'Tat an' earlier period-.; and-no^,zoubt on-a future occasion . this -will be better m.angged, - The sale by auction .takes plac,e to-morrow, and a further trial of prize implemeants-on the djiy following. The xlhibition ,may thus be said to close this eveing, 'Although-the priz a'a-unimals-will be-retained a fir days longer till their 'portraits are, iall -taken by photograph. for -the Government here is not contented with the .barren triumph of -'siw grande. expition. They trn it t,o accaunt in many ways, and, amongI others, by -engravng, the portraits of the best lh&nimals fronall countries; sending copies of these ;through- the proviaes;and thus familiarizing the scultunists f- France with the shape and -form of .the best specimenc of the va,uous breeds of cattle. Sales,of. English stock continue to be made, althoagh somewhat -ess speedily than was'antici'jated. 'Mr. Fisher fl6bbs sold his young Hereford bull yesterday at' a J lo'ng price. Mr. Stevensbn, of Edinburgh, and Mr. Steadman, are understooi to have b,e,en esaployed by the E:mperor. to purchase liely on his account., They. have selected nume rous specimens of Brlitish stock at prices satisfactory 'to the seller, and at a more moderate cost wre have g no 'doubt than animals of the same qualifg could have been bought for at home by any agent of His Xajesty. From the specimens of many of the English breeds shown by foreiguers it is very evident that wheui they come to our country and purchase they don't succeed in getting the best ammals. Bout here they have at hand the best speciiens to pick'from, :and they would act wisely by availing themselves of so favourable an opportnnity. In the evening the Minister of Agriculture had a reception, which was num,erously attended by the French and" foreign jurors. The g,rowth and manufacture of sugar beet is increasing from year- t6 year. 'We had an opportunity at the Ministers of conversing with large growers -both in Belgium and France. In the north it has been more successful than the south, the yield of sugar being greater from a' given quantity of beet. One gentleman dewcribed his system to us. He and five others embarked 6,0001. each, which had since been increased to a total ca*pital of 50,0001., in the establishment and works. They had found the sugar beet very remunerative, by far the best paying crop they cultivated. E3very third year their laud S under beet; in other words, one-third of their farm -is aninually devoted to the production of sugar. B3esides what is produced on' their own land, they purschase and manufacture the crops of small farmers, paying them, about 20s. a-ton for the roots, but retaining out of that 8s. a ton - for the refuse of the manufacture, which is taken back by,the farmers to feed their'live stock. A great number of cattle are fattened at the wvorks on the reflse produced from the beet grown ton the .land belonging to the establishment, ancd thus more than sufficient manure is raised for even the large proportion of land which is aunually under green crops. The distiUlation of alcohol from beet is said not to be so good a traide as the manufacture of ,sugar. The spirit has a disagreeable taste, and is -very expensive to rectify. In the south of France, whete, from, -difference of climate, the beet is less rich in sugar, the distillation of spirits was tried, but so objectionable is the taste that in that quarter they are turning their attention to a new cnau plant termed 'sorglio," lately introduced from China. - To 'this plant great qualities are adttributed. It can-be grown with success whereever maize rinpens, and it produces at once three different articles of food. The cane yields sugar, the seedis'groun'd into flour from which b df bd qualityis made, and the stalks, when chopped up,' make-:excellent fodderforstock. B13etween B3ordeaux and -Toulouse they produce from it alcohol . instead of sugar, and in Provence they have obtained from it 12 to 14 per cent. of alcohol -of 50 degrees strength. In such climates as there may be some risk of the cane not coming to maturity it may be used with great advantage as a forage plant. It is reckoned the best of all forage, either as green food in summer or stored up dry for winter.. It grows very freely in a kindly soil with plenty of manure, - and under favourable circumstances- is said to yield alarger quantity and quality of nourishing matter than any other forage plant cultivated. -1Before closing this part of the subject we cannot help sympathizinLg with the members of the Scotch andIrish deputations on the continued absence .of ,the Emperor. fay after day have they met to learn the' time fixzed for the presentation of their dutiful 'address. A noble fluke had kindly undertalken to present' the joint respects of the three National Societies of Agriculture. - A difficulty about pre-. cedence had at first arisen among them, which .threatened a somewhat vehement, contention, but which was fortunately solved by the discovery that the noble Duke, -%yho is this year President of the Scotch Society, besides being the man of highest rank; was also the only' President of any of the National Societies now in Paris. He was therefore fixed upon by all, and is-deputed to present the joint address. But the Scotch deputation had cut out a little private preliminaiybusinesswith the Emperor. They' had their diploma to present to him, and a hands6mely bound copy of' their voluminous transactions. But the old adagenot to trust in Princes has' again been verified.' The Emperor finds business of more importance to engage his attention, the nume-I rous deputation is melting away, and the interest of, the thing' wiill be lost in the briliant spectacle about -tg open at bhe baptism of the infant Prince. - The weather seems now to have set in as warm and fine as can possibly be desired for bringing the -crop 'to maturity. For many nimles round 'Paris theypromise of the coming harvest is most abundanit. -The wet weather of May, which caused the inundations in the beds of the great rivers, has proved-most beneficial to the great corn plains of France. The wheat is comung inito ear, and, though somewhat later than common, the corn crops are reckoned un-- usua77y fine. - The following is a translation of the speech in'hicdli-L. Rouher opened the proceedings at the distribution:- "Gentlemen;-I think I may without pride proclaim at -the outset of this ceremony the fell success of the Exhibition, and the definitive triumph of the cause of universal 'agricultural competition. This institution, very modest -in its origin, was commenced in 1850; how rapid, therefore, has been its progress, and how mnch its circle has been in. creased eyen since last year! The vast palace erected for the Exhibition of Industry has not heen large enough for this' agricultural show. The bovine race alone almost equals hi number that of all the animals exhibited ini 1855. -Independentlyoof the races, the principal qualities of whicN I pointed out to you, last year, there are now in this -exhibition for tlie first time the unhorned breed of Angus,a 'those from the mountains of Scotland, the Irish breed from Kerry, that of Cdentral and Eastern Switzerland, those of Derniark and Holstein, and lastly, thanks to the enlightened zeal-for 'which I thank its Government, the most highly esteemed-breeds from Austria. Near those noble animals -are also ranged more than 3;000 speeimens of other races, which flU the farmer's stalls, animate his fields, or give life to-the ponltry.yard. - Rouid them have been classified in imnnmerable quantity the most precious gifts of the soil, the iaost varied productions of cultivation, and the newest .and most ingenious machines-those powerfuI and indispensable auxiiarieseto hmanlabour. The Imperial Horticultural Society, desirous of taking part in this 'festival, has improvised, in tbe centre of all this profusion, a charming and trly universal gardens. Sheltered nuder this gigantic glass roof, it has presented to public view flowers of all climates, vegetables and frits of aU seasons, roses by 'tile side of orchids, and the bananas of the intertropical 'regions, loaded with their luxuriant fruit, by the side of the green trees of our mountains. AU these marvels, gentlemen, 'attest - the - greatest zeal and the most generous efforts. ,Examine the catalogue of our exhibition; in addition to it-s agricultural value it has a great political sinificance. Have 'ou not remarked with ple;Lsure that names themost sepa- -rated by-iivil dissensions have come together at this peaceful Ftournauent.?' The reason is that agriculture has its revrards for- ever,y legitimate ambition, that aU parties have - an _aly pyowerful interest in it,, and that the beauty of the productkons-o agriculture gives the measure, and in derktain respects the Aegree, of civilization. Between us] 'altTehe has been formed an additional bond, and you have 1 - justgiven astriking proof of it. Dariigthe course of this Ex.ibition devastation ammd ]nonrin ighave fallen onour richest- valleys. The Emnperor, who is always the first tohbear the. cry of distress, wfas auxious in crossing over the- inumidated plains to give his assistanee and his con- solati6n to' thet 'sfrerqrs, anod to hold out to them the pro- --SeC of- 'Frane. You, without 'distinction of eontttyand of- origin,- have' shared in onr sentiments of generous 4iiipa'hy for the vicitims, and, in admiiatiort of our S?eeiw reign; Youlhaie'liberally funited in our efforts to alleviate so,Wnany m forItu]i- .-E'tlhak vois in the name of. the Emperornd-in the nameof I*'rance. Before separating from y6a;gentlemen, r give son'::n in-,dtstion to meet hen again - amext'year; yo nayxely on-tche same k-ind hospitaLi. a d - -allp,w5.t,0,booetbat xSucmui. wc>le;5 the same zagpue% to, -atteudlhexe !tAppl snsz.) '
NMY Tb T 'Tlie crew of tliirevr teamship'OrioW, 91, CaptiinJ -'ta}ine,PIymoeth;-iotmplete~je~in and bet sais o 'Wednesdy, andphs-was placed at her -slingb ,aa rgs"la Hnauoaze. :Welea~r.,,e'shtm telegrph from'i?lymouth tltt ls screwr steam-corvette l'^artr, 20? froma Portsmouth' for fax pltinto Plymoulth Soiund-yesterday' evening through strees of weather. 'Wind, S.E., blowing atronjly 'a^llday. t - The Stam-transport Ripon arived at Portsmoutta yeter. &ayfrosu Corfu with the Ayrshire and Berkshire Mlitia, ;nd went into harbour to disembark- them. She' pad, June 6, off Tarifa, IHer Majesty's stceam.rnorshipp Sa. horse, 2, Captain ifeath, C.-B.; and, on the same daoAf Cape Trafalar, the'English sctew-steaniuhip showing 'third distinguishing pendant 658 (the Armenian), steering forlihe -Gut of Gibraltar. The Ripon left Constantinople ,oa :he ,20th of,lay, andGibraltar, June 6. Te nperador steam-transport went intoPortmouth liar'our yesterday morning to land'the troops enumeraadjzin our announcement of her arrival yestezrday. - '' - The Ehadamanthus -steam-transport arrived at Ports. mouth yesterday with supernumeraries from Plymouth, and left again yesterday morning for Woolwich, o load-h machinery for steamners fitting out. Tlte following officers have taken up their commisions, and joined the Brilliant, 20 gums (sailing corvette), ,at Sheerness, viz. :-Captain James Aylmer Paynter (lat6$f Her Majests steam-sloop Gorgon); Lioutenant Jo6n ';. 'Keats; Charles F. Cooper, Master; -Mr. Giles, Pvpiaster; Mr. Cook, Midshipman. Lieutenant JoihnEL Mm ,R;j., is in command of the Marines. Tho complement of ordinay Aeamen and boys has been draughted from the Waterloo, and her rigging in dry dock is being'proceededwith. ' The crews of l1of the gunboats (which vessels have been dismantled at Sheerness) were paid off yesterday, under the 8uperintendence of Captain Lord Frederick Kerr,' of- the flagship Waterloo. LA seamen not 'entitled to their discharge have been transferred to the Waterloo. The officers xemain on board the Waterloo, waiting the Admiralty instructions for their future dispoal to otherships. , The.Lizard paidlewheel steamvessel,IAeutenantThonaz B. Christopher, takea into No. 4 dry dock, Sheernees, 'to refit, wil not be Toady- ntil the 22d inst. I The Cressy, 80 guns, screw steamship, CaptainiiobVad L. Warren vill get her fittings completed to-day, for the accommodation of Her Majesty's Ambassador for St. Peters. burg. His Excellency wil embark on board the Cressy "ou her arrival at Kiel. It has been intimated to the offi66rs that, in consequence of the missionu npon which the Cre9sy is going to St. Petersburg, the expenses incurred by thei respective officers, during her stay at Cronstad, in ehttr. taining the Russian officers, naval and military, and the nobility at Cronstadt and St. Petersburg, Will be defrayd, by this Government precisely on the principles adopted ?n the French, Sardinian. and American services. The transport Northumberland, No. 51, has arrived at 'Woolwich pier, and is discharging 212 barrels of powder And other ordnance stores from the E:ast. The 'Earl -of Durham, No. 230, and the Rajah transports have also arrived with ordnance stores. The two latter vessels, 'vith the Black Prnce, are to be discharged from the trauspd service. The freightship Florence, in the West India Docks,' aid the Ann Falcon, in the London Docks, are ordered to havre maggazines built on board, and to be in readiness to receive Government stores and ammunition, to be forwarded from Woolwich. A magazino is ordered to be built onboardthe freigitship lady Bute, 'lying at Deptford, in order to embark ?nmu3nition from Woolwlrcb. --r hec onvict-ship Mermaid sailed on Wednesday ,eveag from Woolwich for Gibraltar, having embarked 75 convics from the prison hulls there. During the course of that day four largo carriages arrived in the dockyard, eonveying prisoners, about 30 in iumber, whe wcwere immtediately, trla;s'ferred to the Warrior hulk At the Royal Naval College monthly examination, iylikh ended yesterday, the following passed --Miates, RN..,-for Lieutenants.-A. A, Hanson, H. C. Seymour, .;R W. Browne, G. E. Breton, H. Vaughan, C. W. Andrew, A. '. Jlurt. Second Masters for Masters, \.N\.-W. C. Bieimoll, C. Prickett, and B. B. Dowling. For Naval Cades.4. W. F. Harvey, G. J. Anstrther, W. F.-L. Elwyn, C. W. 'Beaurnont, W. B. Littlebales, R. P. Purdon, R. AL Dewsir, -C.c . Starr, T. Ramsbotham, P. A. Davies, and T . Williinms. '- 'Sir Charles Wood yesterday received the following 'officers at the Admiralty :-AdniL-al -Sir Charles Qgte, Vice-Admiral the Hon. Sir Fleetwood Pellevr, Maj6rGaneral Coryton, ERoyal Marines ; Captain J. W. Nfoble, Captain W. Ellis, Captain W. B. 'Oliver, CaptainJosiihThompson, Captain -IV. J. S. Pullen, Captain 'T. F. Birch, Captain Charles Edmonds, Captain J. F. B. Wiip. .-right, Captain C J. F. Ewart, Captain W. dmanstoty, Captain HS .' Wroot, Commander J. Mlller Langtrj, Commander Thomasxitcheil, Commander .T. G. Macekren, 'Commander W. P. Crozier, Commander J. C. Bvng, Cm mander C. W. Bonham, Commiander F. A. Ellis, Comiah. 'der J. C. Pittman, Commander A. M Fairman, Commandir J ohn MI Cooke, and Lieutenant Edward E. MaunselL -d The following appointments were made yesterday at t#a Admiralty:-Stanley G. Tattersall, master's assistant, ,to the Indefatigable; Benjamin Harding, master's assistasit, to the _Urgent. Orders are at p-resent in circulation to enter an additl6siAI gupply of gooa leading hands for the' shipwrights' department of Woolwvich dockyard. The docks and basins, occr pied in fitting out the war vessels, which are of the most varied and formnidable description, aro in an unusuayy crowded state. The number of hands employed in completing the Thunderbolt amounts to about 300. In fat, great activity is visible on board the whole of the gun arid imartar boats, the nmunber of hands engaged varying-ac-oi-A ..ing to the amount of the labour requisite. In -the' inner basin are the huge floating battery Thunderbolt; thepgun paddlewheel steamer Spitfire, 140-horse power; -tho .3 iron paddlewheel steamvessel Anfelope, 2GO-horse power ; thae 11 screw steam-sloop Rattler, 200-horse power;, the '2 steam-gunboats Tiny, Midge, and Growler, 60-horse polver; the 6 iron paddlewheel steamvessel Trident, 350-howie power; the 5 paddlewheel steam-sloop Ardent, 200-horse power; the 2 Parthian gunboat, 60-horse power, and five mortar floats. -In the outer basin- are the 4 gunboat Osprey, of 200-horse power; the 2 paddlewieel steam- vessel Vivid, 160-home power; the 14 screw steam-sloop' ;giger, 400-horse power; the 2 screw steam-gunboits Qaiil, Ripple, Primrose, Pheasant, Pickle, andProsnpt,'of 60-horse power each; and five mortar-floats. No. 1 'dock contans -the 4-gun paddlewheel steam troopship Doe, 200-horse power; No. 2 dock, thoe 6-gn screw steamvnessel Roebuck. 250-horse power; and No. 3 dock, the C-gun paddlewheel steam-sloop Vixen,' 280-horse power. r One hundred and thirty men belonging to the Royal Artil. lery, from London, arrived at Plymouth on 'Vednesday morning, and were sent to augment the strength of that forco at Devonport. - . Captain Christie's 4th company of the 7th 'attalipn 4Boyal Artillery, with Captain Younghusband's 5th coon. -pany of the 8th battalion Royal Artillery, lately arriv&d rom Gibraltar, were paraded yesterday morming in froni of head-quarters, Woolwich, and minutelv inspected Ij Major-General WVhinyates, commandant of the garrison, attended by Brigade-Major Shaw. The two companies.art -toleave Woolwichlthismorning for Portsmouth, as addi tional companies to be stationed there. Major Field's 7t1 company of the 5th battalion Royal Artillery were inspects at the samie ,and are to leave Voolwich at an eirl date for Ireland. The troop of Royal Horse Artiller at present stations. in Duin n is under orders to relieve the field battery (Miaj, Carthew's) in Limerick. The 96th Regiment expects to move shortly from Dubli to Belfast. A Limerick paper states that three lisutenaut-colonel commanding regiments in Dublin, have prevailed on tl officers of their regiments to withdraw from the Hibernis United Service Club, in consequence of a recent decisioui the committee.
AtANORMET.A AIND TirB UNJTED STATES.' ;f Iaddre was iued in MancheWter t 'noon yesterday (Wednesday), and has already received,a large number of signatures "SID)1SS FROy }: TIM CITINS OF MA.NCXETR. TO r . TH:-EOP?Z OF AEImCA. "YFrienZs -anE-refiren;-We venture to address you under a deep- feeling of olemnity, - occasioned by the perilou,condftion * which the relations of our two great' counriAes. bave been thrown by the mista3es or the misconUpfions of ourrespecive Governents. 'MhVlatever niay be the errors of either or both of these Goe'Vrnments, we cannot forget that we' have to do vith a peepIi' who, for domestic enlightenment, commercial enterpriie, and political importance, taka rank among the first natps'upon'eartli; and who, by rapid expansion, increase of population, and, Christian philanthropy,promise at no. disting period to attain the highest degree of influence among the Governments of the civilizecd world. "A-brotherhoodof rac and a community of interests aVCSpn g p between our two nations, more intimate, mnore continuous, and more comprehensive than the world hasiever seenb efore. Never inrecognized history were too preaS communities so closely allied by blood or so intimately bleaed by their common interests; and never before was it grien to the world to witness a union where so auch was involved of thewealth, the prosperity, and the happiness of distnct States, eseh having its separate Government, and berg 'under the control of its own mdependent laws. We are therefore all the more alive-and, allow us to addrtremblingly-alive-to whatever may affect this union, al-d interrupt the harmony that has so long existed between ns t, our reciprocal advantage,and we believe to the benefit of the whole world. Providence has made us mutually depeiueit, so much so, indeed, that whatever would seriously injure the one would to an equal extent seriously injure the other. As the direct consequence of this Providential arrangement, we are equally interested with yourselves in the taaterial that is grown in your fields, the shipping that conveys the cargoes to every marlket of tbe universe, and in the endless train of relationships that the mostprincely commerce of the world has interwoven between us for its owh auiliary support. In a word, we are of one blood, of ono family, and of one religion; our sons, by long continued emigration, are spread over your soil, and y-u have made them happy by every domestic endearment; a higher than human destiny has made our interests identical and inter-. woven the prosperity of the one State with the prosperity of she other. We are, therefore, p aced amonethe nations in a oiition to show w,hat national friendships mav accomplish, where rivalry is directed to a common good, and where sruccess is equally shared betw een the-rivals. And shall wvar be permitted to sever us? Shall battle nd bloodshed, conflagration and the sword, be allowed to divide those whom God and mutual interest have made one, and to convert into national enemies brethren by blood, by race, and by religion? In the name of humanity and civilization-in the name of our common Maker and of His holy faith, wbich both nations profess to believe and prac. tice, 'we say, No! There is no sacrifice of time, of wealth, and of influence that we would not be ready to make to prevent so dire a catastrophe among mankind-a catastrophe that we believe would more directly tend than any other poesible event to throw the world back into the barbarism ef the feudal ages, and to furnish despotism with a plausible lretext for banishing every form of constitutional governnment from the face of the earth. ,.We implore you, therefore, brethren, in the name of all that is sacred and valuable among mankind, to employ such metbods as your own judgments shall approve of restraining your Government in any warlike tendency that it may have exhibited; asuring you that we on our part will exert ourselvestotheutmost of ourpower toproduce a similareffect upon the Government of the BritishCrown. We believe that xnch of the disputethat now imperiis the pe.ae of thetwo countries has ansen in mistake, and notin design; and we father believe that a calm and quiet survey of the question will even yet lead to a satisfactory solution of every difficulty and to the removal of every eause of contention and complaint. This we ar convincedmay best be done by sukmitting the whole case to the arbitration of some Power friendly to beth parties; and while such a course would avoid tbe havoc, the cost, and the disgrace of war, it wiould tend to make our union firmer than ever, and, through our exam plI, to exhibit the superiority of constitutional liberty ando! the Christian faith to the civilized world. We, tlerefore, brethren, implore you to exertyourutmostinfluence with the Government of the United States in favour of this-method of averting the calamities of war, assuring you, 'with all solemnity, that we will do the same, to the fullest extent of our power, with the Government of Her 3tajesty the Queen or Great Britain; and, sincerely pray. ing that our mutual efforts may be attended with complete success, "W e remain, yours in the bonds of an inseparable nationld friendship."
JUETROPOLITAiN BOARD OF WORKS. On Wednesday a special general meeting of the Metropolitan Board of Works was held in the Council-chamber, Guildhall; 3Mr. J, Thwaites in the chair. 'MAIN DRADUAGE NORTH OF THE THIUMES Mrr. CoRRiE presented a memorial and plan from Messrs. Thomas Jackson and George Tho-nton onthe subject of the d ainage of London north of the Thames. The plan propo sed to construct a large tunnel sewer, commencing at Kensington Canal, passing parallel with the banks of the Thames, and discharging itself by pumping into a reservoir at Galleon's-reach, '9oolwich, at an estimated cost of 2,200.0001. The reservoir would be raised 12 feet above higb-water mark, and between high water and half-ebb it would be emptied into the Thames. This plan led to a long desultory conversation, and eventually the memorial was recei-ved. THE ENGINEER'S SCHEME FOR THIE DRA.AGE NORTH OF THE TIHAMIES. Mr.CAsRPrAEL congratulated the Board that they had now before them the second part of the engineer's scheme for the 3nain drainage and sewage interception of the districts north of the Ihames, and alluded to the plan for the southern side ha-ing been in the first instance referred to a committee, iwhich had not been done in the present case. He was prepared to go fiully into the vhole report at once, but he would put it to the Board whether any question should be asked of the engineer now;, as that might shorten the discussion. 3Ir. LESLIE thought it wrould be a wvaste of time to "o on discussing this scheme if the proposed point of dischaarge -was vithin the limits of the mnetropolis, and of course contrary to the terms of the act of Parliament. -hIr. Bazalgette, the en meer, in reply to Mrr. Davis, said, the point selected by ham as the plac of discharge w,as the best in an engineering point of view, and he thought that any technical difficulty in respect to its being wiitbin the limits of the metropolis might be got over. Mr. SEEtHE- asked if, w hen the deputation had an interview. wiith the Ch;ief Commissioner of Works the other day, this difficulty was pointed out to him, and if he did not express an opinion that it might he removed by another act of Parliament. 3rr. Baza]gette said, the Chief Commissioner did not express an opinion, nor did he intimate that there would be any difficulty. The question being mooted he did not deem it fatal. 31r. CLXEI'IIAEI. moved that the report of the engineer, in sO far as it related to the upper level and middle level sev.ers and their branches north of the Thames, he adopted. The motion w as seconded by Mlr. FEWV. hir llows moved, as an amendment, that, before proceeding further wvith the engineer's scheme, the plan for the drainage of the north side of the Thames propounded to the bo3rd by Mr. Thomas Jackson and Mr. Gweorge Thornton, and proposed to be carried out by them under the superinterndence of the engineer, be submitted to somne eminent and impartial engineer, to examine and report upon it to the Board. MIr. D.AVs seconded the motion. Br. LESIE asked the chairman if, under the Metropois, Management Acts, he could put the amendment, as the proposed outfall was at a place within the limits of the metropolis? The Cbestinan said that the objection wound apply to both schemes, and was too grave a matter to be determined onthe mere ruling of the chairman. It had been determined byathetresolutionof the Boardthat theywould discharge within the metropolis, and therefore the amend meat could not he excluded from their consideration. 31Mr. OvrOR urged a speedy decision upon this subject, as he queston had been fully debated, and might be allowred to pass nithout a further loss of time. He hopedrthe scheme would go at once to HerMajesty's Government, and f theyapproved it,mthatit would he carried outh ithout further delay. After some remark-s from Mr. Davis, t er. Deputy earrison, hlr. Collinson, and hlr. Crellin, The motion -was put and negatived. eem. HArteS condemned the idea of the scheme being taken in piecemeal, and hoped they wboud not consider the other parts of it until theyr d determind upon the outlet. Mr. SAVAGE urged the postponement of this question. M1r. D'IFiNsGER contended that they ought to discuss hen question as a w hhole, and not piecemeal. The CHmetAI tsN cut the amendment, hut only three hands were held up in its favour. Some further discussion ensued, and eventually the debate wcas adjourned until Tuesday ne rtt.
SuP;yOSED MIURDER AT STRETFOrPD.-Yesterday morning the body of a woman was found in the Bridgewater Canal at Stretford, near Manchester, with a cut under one ear, a deep gash in the forehead, and a cut over the mouth, sejarating the jaw from the upper part of the face. The woman was without bonnet, but respectably attired, and euspicions are entertained that she has been murdered, but up to last evening no evidence had been obtained as to her identity, nor as to how she came into the canal. An inquest was opened in the evening before Mr. W. S. Rutter. [Advertisement.]-" The Holy PlacesJ' ;a narrative of two years Tsesieoce in Jerusalem and Palestine. by Hanmer L. [Inputs, vith notes en the Dispersed Canaanite Tribes, by Joseph Dupuis, lateBritish Vice-Consul in Tripoli and Tunis. 2 vols.. just pul li-hed. ' Two distinct wrorks arc embodied in these volumes, the proluctions respectively of father and son; the one intimately soquainted with the East, where he has long resided in an offdeial e - city; the other. for some time a labourer in the missionary deldat Jeruwalem, inder the auspices ofBishop Gobat. Asregardsthe last =med portion of the joint puiblication before us it contains n inttrestmg description of tle localites of Jerusalem and the surroundiag country, with glimpses of historical events, both ancient and nolern, sad at the manners and customs, the social habits and relieous feelings of the various classea of inhabitants snd strangers rhich meetsandimingle together onthe Catholic ground of the lHoly land. dmueh valuabie geographical and topographical infonnation is intervoven with the dlescription. The essay on the Tribes of Canaan wlich is appended to the work on the HolY Places. though less adapted for the general reader. is not inferior to it in value. and well deserves the attention of the ethnologist and the historicalstudent."" John. BlI." [Advertisement.Jiust Published, price 2s.; post free, *2a 3d., " lTps sand owns of a. Publi-c School, by a \X ykehamist, -aiuthor of "Public School Statcbcs,' &-c. Lendn, W. -and .G.Cash, .5, Bi,hopsgato-street without. * [Advertisement.]-The "Dispatch," of Sunday nezt, June 15, will contain the latest and most auithentic particulars respecting the consist Palmer. and his execution at Stafford-an essay, entitled -The Shipping Znterest"-Lettcrs by Publicola on "The Woman's. Property Queation"-and by Caustic, "The Distress in France"-the -American Question-Tou-n Talk, &c. Ofice, 139, l'eot-street. (Advertisement.1-" Bell's Life in London" of Sunday Bert, June 15, will contain:-Ascot-lIeath Races; fall and exclusive articulass of this Royal meeting-Eienley-4o-Thamec Cnond Rlegatta 'Cicket; important sand exciting m3'tdleeThe PJg .: Fight between Mose and Xerton for LWS; thc fonthromiing >Ill between Hayeg ad faasey-Pedeatr-iansi--iec1-tlioting--Chess ~-asid all the important agorting andseiscellmseos newarea fie seek. I5fO rt 4;un Xa idfL, £}hice, IFl. Stad.
' BMWEY-MABPBTandCITYIELL I:. _ . .... The English funds opened Wn sh firiness tbi3 morning; and although a decline of an eighth iublsequently took place the niarket:presented -a general' appearance,of steadiness. .The first .transactions iiw 'Copsols, which left off yesterday it 94-a, were at 9 ex dividenid, whence they rJeceded to 944 to 4, at which they .remaiied up to- the termination of business. The operations of the day were ununpottant. Consol Scrip closed at 24 to 4 premium; Baiik Stock. 217 to 218 : Beduced, 944 to j ; :New Three per.Cents., 94 to 4; Annuities, 30 'years, 174; India-bonds, 5s. to 8s. premiam; Fxchequer-bonds, 99L to -; and Exchequer-bills, 6s.' to 9s. premium. The payment of 1,000,0001. on the new loan today passed off without creating the slightest pres.sue for- money. The. supply in the discount market was sufticient for all wants, and there was scarcely any demand at the Bank of England. Foreign securities were not alt6gether well supported. The leading descriptions, including Turkish, -Russian, Spanish, and Peruvian, were principally operated in, and the bargains in some cases were -extensive. -Turkish Sixz per Cents., for money, were negotiated at 99E5; for .the account, at 99k, !100, and.99a; the Four per Cents. Guaranteed at 103J; Brazilian Five per Cents., 101; Buenos Ayres, for accouiit, 77; Danish Three per Cents., 844; Peruvian, for account, 784; Peruvian- Four per Cents., ec all over-due coupons, 474; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents,, 984 .and 98; Sardinian Yive per Cents., 91 -; Spanish Three per Cents., :-for money, 47i and S-; for the account, 474 and i, the Neiv. Deferred, 254; Passive, 7 and 74; and Spanish Certificates of Coupon not funded, 74-and 7. The final. prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 70f. 80crfor *money, and 71f. 20c. -for- the end of the month, showing an average decline of five-eighths per cent. The. Steamship Owners Association of London have had an interview with the Board of Trade on the liability to which,underLord Campbell'sAct,they aresubjectedwith regardto damages in case of loss of life. This liability is indefinite and may extend to the whole amountof the shipowner's property, since although the law limits it to the value of the vessel and freight, and assesses 307. as the sum for each life destroyed, it gives power to the representatives of the sufferers, if dissatisfied with that amount, to bring an action, and- to receive whEatever a; jury may be .disposed to give. It is alJleged that the most extravagant damages are often awarded, even in instances where the neglect or want of judgment that led to the catastrophe has been of the slightest kind, and that consequently the peril to individual shipowners isr such as to operate prejudicially not only on all their calculations, but likewise on the competition, especialy in the emigration trade, with foreign -shipping, which is hampered by no such penalties. It is argued, moreover, that as the Government by their recent legislation have imposed restrictions on the shipowner-stch 'as requiring him to submit his ships to half-yearly inspections, and to employ certificated commanders-it is unfair to make him subsequently responsible to a ruinous extent for contingencies against which these precautions have proved insufficient, and that, in fact, the same principle should be pursued as in the compulsory employment of . licensed - pilots, where the shinowner is exonerated from all consequences. The association stated, however, that, looking at the prevalence of " popular prejudice," and the consequent position of Government on the question, a considerable number of their body would be glad to accept a compromise in the shape of such a modiication of the statute as vwould define and limit the extent of their liability. Thus 301., or even double that sum, for each case of loss of life might be the Parliamentary amount fixed, giving passengers at the same time a right to stipulate for a larger indemnity before taking their passage, and making it lawful for the shipowner to insure himself against such extra liability. In reply to these observations the President of the Board of Trade pointed out that the responsibilities complained of, even under Lord Campbell's Act, are only such as lie upon all other members of the community and that these have actually been mitigated by the Blerchant Shipping Act, which limits them to the value of ship and freight. He considered, moreover, that there had been no evidence of their having operated as a discouragement, and that the analogy suggested between certificated masters and licensed pilots is inaccurate, since the master is under the control of the shipowner, while the pilot is totallyindependent of him. The only plea which seemed to render a reconsideration of the law desirable is the position in which it places the British relatively with the foreign shipowvner, but the association were informed that all the other points urged by them, as well as this, should receive the attention of the board. In reviewing the arguments on both sides the public will feel that the sole end to be aimed at is the establishment of sufficient penalties to render it certain on the average that the neglect of precautions will prove more expensive than theirfulfilment. Everythingin excess of this must have a self-defeatin g result, since it would be calculated to cause the passenger to omit an adequate insurance for his family, and to trulst to litigation on the liability of a ship-* owner, who in the end may prove insolvent,while it would also lead to a wide system of evasion, cases being s2id already to have occurred of the transfer of ships and their registration as foreign vessels, in order to relieve the owners of liability. Some pleas urged by the association as to the leaning of juries against public companies in assessing damages, as well as with regard to accidents b-eyond the shipowner's control, are worthyof little attention, and the same may be said as to the remark on popular prejudice. The feeling of juries against public companies is fullly e.xplicable from the notorious acts of injustice freq,uently performed on the strength of their corporate position, of which their directors would individually be ashamed; while, as to the occurrence of accidents "beyond control," the illogical theory should have been considered too weak for reproduction. On the general bearing of popular prejudice respecting the liability of shipowners there can be no surprise, when the disregard of the most ordinary provisions for saving life-such, even, as the regular examination of the boats and the adoption of the best means for lowrering them, is illstrated in almost every fresh disaster that is recorded. At a meeting of the Ionian Bank held to-day the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. The proprietors were reminded that the progress of business depends in a great measure upon the result of the currant crop, and that the periodicaiblight again threatens to prove injurious. The latest advices, however, are less unfavourable, and it is nowF thought that the effects of the disease may be checked. The directors, it is asserted, are exercising strict economy, and they pledge themselves to regulate dividends in accordance with the amount of bead fJide profits. In answver to questions, it was mentioned that the sum held by the banl on drawing accounts is about 20,000l., while the total of the deposit accounts reaches 120,0001. It was e.xplained, wvith reference to the smallness of the drawing accounts, that the inhabitants of the Ionian Islands cannot be induced to follow out the general system of banking. With regrard to the allowvance for deposits, the msexir4urn is 4 per cent., while the charges for accommodation range from 6 to 10 per cent. Annexed is an abstract of the report: "The directors, in presenting to the proprietors their account for the year 1855, have little to report except the factthatthe same causes, beyond human control, which prevously have operatedsounfavourably forthe bank, have continued to exercise their adverse influence during the past year, and, of course, with somewhat aggravated conseoqences. It is obvious that the destruction, for now four successive years, of so large a proportion of the revenue from the soil, must have seriously damaged the operations of trade, and pressed severely upon all classes of the commitnity. The bank has necessarily felt the effect, not only in the contraction of its business, but also in increased difficulty and risk in the realization of ontstandian credits- moreover, the causes which in the last few years have made| the operations of banking in England and elsewhere so profitable have not extended to the Ion'an States; on the contrary, the diminution of the exchangeable Products of the country has naturally lessened the demand for money and by consequence lowered the current rate of interest, so that the reduction in the amount of business has not been compensated by an increase of profit on that whichhas been done. The directors, however, feel justified in assuring the proprietors, that the best has been done which the ciremastances pernitted. The business actually transaeted has been sound and profitable-forbearance has been exercised. towards debtors, where necessity or prudence prescribed it; additional security has, whenever practicable, been required and obtained; and the credit and position of the bank have been kept unimpaired and unquestioned. As respects the future, it is hoped and believed that, with the aid of the remedial processes now extensively, applied, the efficacy of which has to some extent beeen tested by experience, the rava4es of the disease will be subdued, or at least greatly mitigated. Upon this enntin- ' gesmej4t tde3pes whether the prssent depression is to con- tinue, oris to give place-to renewed and profitable activity.. It *rillappearfro the balsnce-sheet thait*ahreis i diminsz- fthe rest. This result is attributable, ,tothe fact that7.coniderablo sum asbeenwritten pff for,dets, which it was believed mighrr with setuxning pro- sperity, have b'en made avail;ble, bi which it hrr nowbeen -deemed advisable to-rite-off-as bad,. rather -thin,Y4ep lpa delusive show, of assets n ut likely nnder-. enxistg ce tannces to be; relized. .Bt for the deductioh of thii4loss;,which, though biought into the account of last.year, belongs, in fact to an earlier period, the result of theeier's bperations would have been by no means unsatis- Jactory, and a fair addition .vould hv' been made to the, rest. The yearly statement of account, which is presented in the usual forni, is a' follows:- "The balance to the credit of profit and loss on the Ist of January, 18S5, was ...... .. . .£8,379 ."The net qrofitsef the year,after deducting charges and writmng o£fthe amount above adverted to for bad debts, is .. .. . .0.. .. 6434 "Together ... ... .. ... £14)813 "From which is to be deducted the amount of two half-yearly .dividends at the rate of 5 per cent. - per anum ... ... ... .. . .7, " Beavng ... ... ... .. ,. .. . 7,313 "Tothepreditof profit and loss on the lst of January, The Spanikh financial commission have annotueced that the auction of the foreign redeemable debt will talke -place on the 30th jnst,,?for Which purpose 3,000;000 reales ha-ve been assigned by.the overnmoent,
- STATE OF TRADE. MANTCHESTER, Ju,J,E 12. The marxetcontinues flat. Yarn gave way at the Blackburn market yesterday about Id. per lb., and the prices of mnost k-inds of twist here are in favour of the buyer, with a declining tendency. In the cloth market there is some business doing for India and China, where sellers are willing to accede to a decline, but the offers mostly. made are lower than can be accepted. Prices have a declining tendency in most kinds of fabrics.
THE CORN TRADE. MAXPIl1VSTER le 19 0 neUpward(tencdeney oi prices noted in our last report has continued througbout the present week, the limited stocks on hand having caused holders to demand enhanced vrtes foraiahiost aU articles; the trade has, however, been far from active, as buyers have acted with extreme cau. tion in their operations. From abroad the arrivals at Liverpool are liberal of wheat, Indian corn, and flour; but from Ireland the supplies are sal-l. There was a good attendance at ourmarket this morninand wheat mnet a fair sale at an advance of 2s..per quarter on Englil and 3d. to 4d mper7Olb. onforeein. Flour was held for ls. &L to 2s. per sack over the rates current on this day se'unight, but the demand was limiled. Oats mnust be rioted 2d. per 451b.. and oatmeal 6d. to la. per load dearer. English beans were Is, and Egyptian 2s. per quarter sligher. Barley and Indian corn Eold at an enhancement of ls. per duairter. BIRM.INGHAf, Jusu 12. At Glocester and Worcester markets, on the 7th. wheat advanced Is. to 2s. per quarter, and barley sold at a similar inprovemenit. Oats and beans boti ls. per quarter dearer. During the present week, although the weather has been fine and forcing, the few samples of English wheat offering hbae been caught up at 2s. per quarter above premous rates. Oats saleable, at Is., and 1eans Is. 6Ld per quarter more money. Barley very scarce. At WYol- erharapton. yesterday, wvheat was held for a rise of 2s. to 2s. £d., and larley, beans, aridoats allfor 2s. per quarter more money; hut there w. erenot many buyers thereat. At this day's market there was again a large supply of wheat from the farmers, which sold slowvly at is. to is. per quarter over the currency of this day se'nnight. Barley advanced 2s., and eats andbeans is. 6d. Per quarter. The millers advanced thc retail price of floursome ls. 4d., others 3s. 4d. per sack. BRISTOL, JuxE 12. The weather is aU that can be desired for the growing crops, which are everywhere w.eli spoken of. ,Ourmarket issortly supplied withEnglish wvheat, and a futher ,sdorueign, th tocks ofwhuiach arre neaely2exhausted. Grinding barley 2s. per quarter, and oats and Bans is. per quarter dearer, with a good deumand for each. Wheat.-Spanish, Portuguese, &c., red and wbite. 69s. to 72s. per4S61b. Ibratla, Galatz, &c., soft, 54a. to 62s. per 4501b. Salonica soft, 549. to 53e, per 4SOlb. English, red and white, 6is. to 76e. per penal quarter. Barley.-English, good to fine, malting, 39a. to 44s. per imperial quarter; English grinding and distiUery, 37s. to 39s. per imperal quarter; foreign ditto. heavy, 37s. to 3Ss per4001b. Oats.-Welsh and Devon, black aud waite feed. 23s. to 24s. 6d. per ,imperial quarter; lrish kciladried, vhite, it. Ed. to 26s. Ed. per 3241b. * ditto, tawny, 23s to 24g. per 3S04b. ; ditto f6Ln black2, sI6. ed. to 24s, per 30141b.; ditto, inferior, 22s. 6d. to 23s, p,er iAib. Deans.-Foreign, 345. toi3Bs. per 4SOlh.; English, 33s. to 4Es. per hnperisi quarter. Flour.-United States, Canadian, he* sweet sup erfne, 37s. to tis. per 1961b.; English, good seconds. i0s. to 53g. por 2Bulb. Averages for the week ending June 10, 1356.-Bristol, wheat, 672 quarters. Sta. Ed.; Oats. 69T qnarters, 23s. 4.; Beans, 74 (luartes, 4Sr. 3d. Gloctestr, 493 quwarters, 93s. 0Ld.; Beaus, 2i quarters, 48s. GLOCESTER, JuNE 12. Our supplies of English wvheat are scantv and holders are enabled to obtain 2s. to 3s. per quarter advance lupon the rates of lastvweek. Foreignofgoodquialitycommasids a similatr improvement. Barley and beans are each 2s. a-quarter dearer. Oats sel freely at an advance of Ed. per quarter. Wheat.-Italian, Roman, he.. fine red, 6Ea, to 7Ee., per 4801b. ; Portuguese and Spanish, white and red t69s, to 70g. per t4ilb.; orbaila, Danube,he.,soft, 2s. to61g. per 401h.; Galat, e.. red,66s. to 2s per 4SOlb. English, white, 72s. to 76 a ; (itto, red, ts. to 70s, per impenpal quarter. Parley.-English, choice maltieg, 40s. to 42s. per imperial quarter Foreign aridF.nglish, heavy, and Irish grinding, 35s. to 37s. per 4001b. OatsIris. Ikludied.whit, poato 24s to Sa. en3121b. : ditto, dli2tto, black, 23s- to 23. Ed. per 32l ;d(litto, tatwon2y, pe. Ed.to 24s. per Beans.-English, old, 5s. 3d. to 6t. per imnperial bushel; ditto. new, 4s. 6d. to 4s. Id per imperial bushel; Egyptian, 12. 6d. to 12s. 9d. per 1961b. Indian corn, 12s. to 12s. 6d. per 1961b. GLASGOW, JumE 11. We have still changeable weather. Coastwise and from Ireland the supplies have been scanty; from abroad, by the Clyde, they consisted of 3,899 barrels of flour, and 312 quarters of Indian com from New York; and via Grangemouthi, of only 25 quarters of peas from Rotter(lam, and 36 sacks of flour from Hamburg. There wvas a better inquiry for most articles during the week at improving rates. This day's market was maoderately wel attended. Wheat and flour of useful quality sold pretty freely at an advanee of ls.to Is. 6d. per bol and barrel respectively. Sack flour in proportion. Barlcy and beans were held Ed. to Is. higher per boll. Oats gained Ed. to 1s. per 2E4lb., ant' oatmeal Is. to 2s. per 2301b.
RAILWAY LNTELLrGENCE. * . zLONDON A&ND N ORTff-WlRTRRN. A sNpecal meeting of this company was beld yesterday at the Euston Station to considef three bills, in accordance with the standing orders 'of the House of Lords; the Marquis of CzDOs in the chair. Mr. C. E. Stewart, the secretary, read the advertisement convening the meeting. The CEAIPNa stated that of the three bills he had to submit for their consideration and approval there -was only one belongmg to this company. It was a biUl for altering the Crewe and Shrewsbury line of the London and NorthWestern Railway, for making provision in respect to station accommodation at Shrewsbury, and for other pnrposes. The second bil was to enable the Luton, Dnnstable, and Welwyn Junction Railway Company to alter the present authorized junction oftheir railway with the Leiglton Buzzard and Dunstable branch of the London and 1TorthWestern Railway. The third bill was promoted by local parties. It authorized the making a railway fromn the Oswvestry andNev,tow uRailvwayatButtir,gtontoShrevwshur with a branch to Miusterley. There was a clause in the bill authorizing the London and North-Western to use a portion of thg proposed line on such terms as may be agreed upon, These two bills related to working agreements, or powers to work the traffic. The object of the Crewe and hhrewvsbury bill was to effect an alteration from the original Salan andby means of a deviation and ex;tension to join the s:hrewsbury Railway station. The solcit4r then read the heads of the bil for altering the Crewe and Shrewsbury line of the London and NorthWestern Company. It authorized the abandonment of a portion of the original line, and the formation of ajunction with the Shrewsbury station; it extended the time for the completionof thework;s; authorized the stoppage of one footpath, and the covering over of another; it repealed the clause in a former act which limited the interest on the debenture stockl to 3. per cent., and extended for five years the time limited for completing the sidings or new lines at Primrose-hil. The CaLrULNamw moved a formal resolution approving the bill, subject to such amendments as PaTliament might deem necessary, or might be assented to by the directors; also authorizing them to pay, if necessarv, the cost of coveringarfootway at Preston out of the funds of the company NMr. B MYSON, deputy- chairman, sec o nd ed the motion, which, after a short discussion, was unnmously adopted. The ClLR;Lswi then moved a formal resolution aparovin,gthebillto enable the Luton, Dustble, and WelynJunection Railway to alter the station of the Danstable Branch Raihway at Dnnstable. Re explained that the object was to enable the Luton and Weiwyn Company to takre down the existing station at Duensrable and rebuild itin another place at their ow.n cost. The solicitor read the heads of the bill, and the agreement between the two com;panies, dated 5th of May, 1856, in reference to the Dunstable station, from which it appeared that the London and North-Wfestern Company wouId have to pay for half the laud of the new station; h ut to meet that expense they wrould have a much larger piece of land, on whichb the present station was erected, to dispose of. The Luton Company would he at the expense of building the new station for them. In case of dispute the matter to be settled by the decision of Mr. Rope Scott, as arbitrator. A resolution approving the bill was carried unanimously. The solicitor read the heads of the third bill, for making a railway from Buttington to Shrewsbury, from which it appeared the London anda orth-Western Company would have power to run over part of the line with their engines and carriages for a distance of 14 or 15 miles. The line from Shrewsbury to Bnttington would be lSmiles in length. On the motion of the Chairman, a resolution approving the bill was carried unanimously, and the meeting separated. BOMBAY, BARODA, AND CENITRAL INDIA. The report of the directors of this company states that the directors upon the 10th of August, 1353, were authorized by the Directors of the Hon. East India Company to execute a survey of their projected line of railway. Colonel Kennedy was immediately commissioned to employ the requisite officers for this duty, and upon the 20th of September, within 40 days of the date of the authority, the first surveying party of nine engineers left England by the overland route for Bombay, and their number was increased by the following mails to 13. Under a special agreement made with him forthatpurpose ColonelKennedy foUowed the surveying parties to India, and arrived at Boumbay Jan. 9, 184 The HIon. East India Company on the 16th of April, 1855, gave authority for the immediate construction of a portion of the proposed line of railway, commencing at Surat and proceeding to Baroda and Ahmedabad, on the understanding that this company was, when so required, to continue the line from Surat to Bombay, and a guaranteed interest at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum in the first instance upon 500,0001. was conceded. The engineers had made a broad and general examination by trial section, &c., extending to about 4,000 miles of important lines and their alternatives between the parallels of Bombay and Agra, and the meridians of Deesa and Saugur in Central India-a surface several times the extent of England, where neither reliable maps nor public conveyances were available for their assistance. By these examinations they had ascertained the practicability of furnishing the whole o' that -Vast district with tle inost perfect network of railways on excellent, lines as regards levels. The working plans and sections have been completed between Surat and Baroda-a distance of about 81 miles; and, to supply the deficiency of existing maps, a skeleton survey preparatory to the working plans and sections ha3 been completed between Baroda and Ahmedabad, a distance- of about 73 miles. The execution of the working plans and sections of this latter portion can be undertaken immediately after the rains. The worling plans, sections, and estimates of the 36 miles between Surat and Baroach have been laid before the Government of Bombay, whose sanrction has been obtained for the immediate constructiou of fthtj)0ffion-of the linoe- sanda hlle-anctiou a.6 eapeeted'. 'Wtotdlyfor going on with the construction of t-e 45 miles betweenEaoB i=&dBarod~ Th-e irst shipments of constructionr l~hntc-r~daoxa-iirwo theirwaytoindia. Contractshave beenentered into forthe supply of ballasting-engines ind7 toit an amount -of rils,1 chAirs &c.. sufficient to lay down 5Omiles of the permanen-t Va4yand furtbher tenders for additionxl-quanUtitie, of th' Litter naxterials'-will be abortly invited. Am6nirtfe .de- nazforecarxiage stock,t.here U one-f6r £ fourth-class Zarniage',upon a newccnlstru~ction suitea to :Indian habits, and. calculated to secure the -power of Cn%n hors c&nlaesn!that couistrv It the lowestomi e cos. it oDn- tistwo flGors instea of one,-an& ti-v theeo ,,a I- date double the' number of Pasnes-that. - 'ecarriag of eh'quaI le n gth andc br e ad th, o."f ahe t~x con stru ct ion;" -wo0T LI accommlodate. The height of eah floor is about the sime: asi man ordina'ry omnibus.- The`u'-upper_ hlrf 'of .th6 siaiid g~elin islef og toinsur-an jample circulationx oft air,, E~comxnceui ofthe linbih ieatSurat,,d-ntu.~ Boinbay. The directors suggest tdthe siharholaerith iap-- pointmnent of fouir or, five meimbers of their body to0 conferwith them as a comnmittee, and to !report to an ~adjourned' meetingthleir opinion as to the'best modeoafcaryng-tinto: effect the ag±eemenits made with,Abet daiaman And secretar -with respect to their salariesf... The baance-sheet to -the 30th of September ln ndia~,7and -the 31At of December, 1855, in- Y-nglnan, slowed' thiat 2,57.228!. had been received, including 4,724!. in India, anda 4820V. expended, including 19,090!. in India, and 29,1M,2 in England leaving a balanoe o2,48! in India, nd of 206,545!. in England. 'REPORTS OF CO31~tITTEES ON~ RAILVAY BIllS.- AwinxmK, Px TEx4F,m, AsN- F314S31BraL. - Lord STA-NLBY reported' from the commnittee ons this bill that the proposed capital of the company is 330,0001., azid. theamount of loan110,000!. The'numnber of sharehiolders; vwho,may be considered as having a loca interest inthe line -is 470, and 'the amount of- cApital subicn-bed for by thniuii IL166,370!. The number of other partes is 20; and the~ia t~len by them is 95,000. The lefilgh of the main linie oE the ~r~ad ralway-iis 44 miles 71 -furlongs iin'tlie leng o te brnchto Peterhead 9 mailes 2,1 furlongs, incfof, he ranc tothe Aberdeen 'Dock-s lInile 2 furlongs.' The~~ gadientis 1 in 8(1, extending 2 railes7.jfu ion~ i itenedthat the railway Man branc -shonl cros ona'ivelsixr6ads. - The estin"iet4 cog'. of the'railway is 330,000!4 and- the 'quantity of land rejeird 327i' acres. Mr. VWillet~, Mr. 3f"Vtah, a4d 3r. Errzgtn ere the' engineers exaxoineain'supportof tht bill, andIr. B.KEL B3lyth, Mr. E. Mlyth, andl Mr. Ha'skshaw- 'wr t 1eu neers examined in opDositon to it. The committee 'wer satisfied of the Etness in an,engineerinig 1point of view of the proposedl railway. BAGEItALSTOWN, A-ND) WxiaORI). Mir. FrazRoy reported from the committee.that they had amended the pre-amble of the bill by striling out so much as recited the expediency of enabling -the 'company to enter intoworlding~ and traffic agrements wfith certamn other rail- way cmpanis, ad by insgerting a recital defining the four sios,upoth cmpltisef-echofwhich thecommnittee hav, i prsunceoftheresluionofthe House of the fith ins., uthrizd he ompny o brrw one-thira of the captalwhch hal atullyhae benexpended, and found Lord STANVLEY reportedl from the committee that they. had examinedl the allegtions contained in the pre~amble of thisbi, ht te sme ad not been proved to their satisfaction. TRAFFC F.ETURNS. - mSiles - ea- MKer- Ttl tl Eailwa3'. eaeu. senrems ebandise. 2856. 15. is ~ . £. -Week endngMa IL Aberdeen an cttsBd- land Jimction -- .. 115 ..-. -34%2 .3479 ' Week fndingJUD IL Bristol and Exeter-. .17. - - - 6.668n-. ,307 London, Tilbury, and Soutii- nd ExtenLoale - . ..1,2il - 155 .. ,3G6 I..1,07 rEast Anglian .. . .-. . 897 SU88 .~c- Wo %edn ue7. WaerorTad & esr 77 -.-a -. ,7 o. 1 Ion denjderry and Euniskl en 60 -.22 W.39 Ca61. 1 Londoneny ad Colraine36 ..35 - 143 . 299 .. 65 'Wat odadlkuy.31 - - -..278 -. 219 Dublin nd Wiclow ..344. -.- 642 .. 30 Great Southern andWester IrisSout-Eatern -- 5t..- . - .. I2 - 212 Klillarney Junction.. . 1. .-. 3019 . 2G3 Dublin and WicklDw all4 - . 612 - 34 OCrrk, laekrock, and Pie- asge . - . -. -. 274.. 385 Fellat and Ballymea ..-..57 .. i 71 . 978 .. 8.1 'Week ending June&8 )8.dlaud . 49Sf.. . .28.649 .. 25.13 Great Western7 .. . . .- .3.75 .2, Lancashire and YorkshIre.. 28t. 42.- .22,53..2, Eaeterm Counties. Norfolk. -andE.sstem Union - 417 -.-- .22,91 . 21,810 Edinbrgh, erth,andTh-, 1 !~ortb British . 149 . s .232 2,871 ..5,196 -- 5.0 Alldland Great Western (Ire- 35 '0 1tonddm ndBlcwl . .1,539. 75 .1,614 ..1,617 )anchesE. he6ield, and Linroinhire - .. 173k..- -- -.9,439 ..8,631 Chesterund Holyhead -. --- 5,614 5. ,497 Shrewsburyanudhester. . -. - I. 2627. 2,49 Oxford,VWorcester, aud Wol- - -147 verbarapton.. . 94 .. 1717 ..1,783 3.U250 - 3,434 3Dublin andD3rogbeda -. 63 7.- . - .1.113 ,.1,387 Antwesp andRIotterdam ..-..67 .2 M 754 5 'eUno .. . 9 ...-. 97. 878 _aod 5en - -.. 406 -.260 BeLfast and County DoWIn - .--.-. 74 -- 278 ~; Week ending June 10. Dublin and Kingstown - --. .110. 1,05? Week ending June1I. Dubliand elfat Juction56 - - - -. 3,19'3 .. 1,01. *This amount includes the LIrerool Crosby, and Southport fraffiC,. whichi not included in the oDrresponding period.
.SHIP NEWS. OTT AP AN'IPTN1T PqnAPTflU The following deeisions of the Board of Health regarding arivals from the Regency of Tripoli and Barbary, as well as fIrm other ports wshere cholera exsts have heen sanctioned. '1. Six days quarantine Of observation to vsselsarriving free of sickness. and having employed lNes thlan i5 days in the Damsage, ", Three days quarantine of observation toveasela whote length of passage exceeds 16 days, and free of sickness. *'3. Twelve days quarantine to vesselswhich during their passage (whatever the length) have had one or more cases o£ cholera on "4. Rags arriving in vesels from ports infected, or suspectedto be infected with cholera, are to be landed iu the laareto, to undergo an airing of 12 days, to count from the landing of the cargo." IIVERPOOL, J'E 11. Sailed.-The Biungo Park, for Halifax-the Mlay Queen. for Maltathe Adam Vhite, forliarborg-the Eli Whitney, for Boston-the Mar: Maccas, for Wilmibgton-the Rosita, for Cuba-the Polar Star, for Pola. Jnyn 12. Wind, S. Arrived-Theknnapolis,from Baltimore-the steamer Tiber from Palenno-the Marion and the Mary Campbell, from bt. Domni60the Lorenzo. from N ew Orleans-the steamerDouro, from Lisbon-the Betsy and Isabella, from Bordeaux-the Dido, from Galway (with c3rgo ex Xliza Buckhs). Of.-The Romulusand Cintra and theJohn Barbor . Salled.-The Ajnerican Union and ,the Dreadnought, forNew York -the Dolphin, forB LoSDoar, June IZ-Wind this day at noon, L to S.W.; fresh breeze, and squally. PAF,oourTs, JunelO-Arrived, the Danish schooner Comet, fom Requejada. dailed, the Luoe, for London. 1L-Off, the Speedweli, from Havarma for London. BasroT,, June 12.-Vind, SW., fresh; fine.-Arrived,-The Pomona, from New York-the Victory, from I merick-the Juno, from Waterford-the Princems Royal, from Bideford-the Slaney, from Arklow-theActive. from Silly-the Amelia, from Livecpoolthe Calapso, from Dublin-the Elizabeth. from Cardigan siled.- Tne Gaston, for Liverpool-the St. Olaf, for (h-eliEe- the Irene, for Cardiff-the JUnO, for C3rmartheN-the Queen,ferlIayl. Pains. June 1±-The Hfelen, from Liverpool, which got en thereon the south point of Bayonne bar M£ay 22, has bKen limited off and towed up to Bayonne. (By 9IuBsAxsN-E AND Bms;su TErLWAit (Froin Lloye'r.) Arrived.-The steamerltainbow, from Rotterdam. JUx 12. 9 30 a.m.-Wiod, S.W.; tide, Vi hourns ebb ; fne. Arrived.-The steamer Poyle, from nGarusey-the EteamerEarl of Auckland, from Rotterdam-the steamer Baron Osy, from Artwerpthe steamer Vesta, from Oporto-the Canata, from Demerara-the Ann Elizabeth, from Nassau-the Electra, from St. Vincent-the Sbphanie, from Trinidad de Cuba-tbe Despateh, from 3arbadoes-tho Azores Packet, from Antigua. Sailed-The Sbannon, for Caclutta-the Cdiz, for Cadiz. 1 p.m,-Wind, W.S.W.; tide, I ebb; fine. Arxived,-The steamer Rhine, from Havre-the Camillus, from De. zoerara Sslaed.-The Colio Campbel, for Boston-the steamer Fyenoord, for Rotterdam-the steaner SirE. Bankr, for Calais 3 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; tide, 1 hour's flood; cloudy. Arrived.-TheZebra, from Constantinople. Sailed.-The David Malcolm, for Xurrachee-the Camlluc, for De. mera.a, 7 30 p.m.-Wind, S.W.: tide, last hour's flood: weather, rainy. Arrived-The steamer Triton, from Calais-the steamer Harlingen, from Harlingen-the Caroline, from Alexandretta-the JohuBrooks, from Antigna-the Rosina and the Bywater, from Porto Rico-the Cleopatra, from B3arbadoes-the Maria, from Guernsey-the Forrestr, fromSt. Vincent -the Lordflgin, from Demerara. Sailed.-The steamerRayrensbourne, forAntwerp. DEAL, Ju:n 12. (By SuBxA=icE A- sp BBItnas TELREOtBR J (From LIoyd'a) 9 am.-Wind, S.W., moderate. Passed Beachy Head on the 9th-The Achilles, from Sew York for Autwerp-the bark Ceres, from MNmanrai forBreme Parsed Bezay Head on the IOth.-The Prinz Oscar Fredericlg from Galatz-the Norna, from maseilles for St. Petersberg. Passed Beachy Head on the Ilth.-The ship Ceres, from Cuba for Bremen-the Emma, from Barbadoes for London-the Scheveringen. from Batavia for Rotterdam-the Otter, from London for Malta, Passed Beachy lBead on the 12-h.-Teh Nord America, from New York, for eastward-the Olivia, from London for Port Philllp. Passed Outside the Goodwin Sands.-The MnI, from london for SIradras. PaEoea.-The Kling Alfred, from Antigua-the steamer Zebra, No211 transport, from Constantinople-the Felicity from Cuba-all for London. Anchorel.- Thc Mary Lyon, from l,ondon for Ferrol-the steamer Derwent, from London for Malta-the Margaret Thompson, from London for Madras. The brig Bywater, from Portotico forlondon, 45days out, anliseal, reports:-June4, spokethe Hamburg brig Betty andJobanna, -o. 197, from Newcastle for Rio Janeiro, in lat. 4S 30 N., long. 12 30 W., 1i days out. N2oon.-Wind, W.S.W.; fresh. Prased.-TheWolfs Cove, frmnSavannab, and the Clcment Auguste, from Rio Grande-both for London. A urhored-The Maria,y Jose, from London for Oporto-the Naiad, from London for Jamaica. 2 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; trong amd fne. No arrivals. 7 30 p.m.-Wind, W. moderate. Passe.-The Rebina, from New York for London-the Xarion, from London for SVwansea-the steamer Mangerton. f'roa lodorSor Liantrick-the steamer Tamora, fromLondon for Belfast Arrived and Anebored.-The Earl of Witon from London for Bumobay-the'armrny. from London for Yoeador-the Cadi&, frim Londoa for Gibraltar-the Excevator, from Shields for Roen VrssTh SroEN W Xit t The Blorderer, from Calcutta for Haimburg, Feb. 36 in lat. 42B., long. HI:H WATER AT LODONMN-BRIDGE THiS DAY. 3orning .. L2 nio. after 9 Aftenoon .. i. at)l
I AIPEZALS. ,rrnTN.p. OW rokDS.- Tym-Y 12. he tse sat this morning for the purpose oE hearing uppeah% uS:N PROVOST, &C., OF RIE-FREW: V. HOLY AX)D OTHS. Tl-e Solicitor-General appeared for the appellants, and -Mr. Rolt for the respondents. sit appeared that by several Royal charters there had been tconferred upon the mnagistrates of Renfrew a vriety of rights and privileges, including, among ethers, & right of free harbour and a right of levyian cuLstoms .nd duos on te river Clyde, Writhin the ancient bonnds of that burgh, by sea and land. Under these grants the appellants averred that they bad levied dues from the furst, td.ough from the shallowness of the river, prior to the improvement in the navigation of the Clyde, which eammenced about 1758, few loaded vessels came up or landed goods within the limits of the grant, and therefore the levy was of very little value. As the navigation impioved the mazistrates erected a new quay to meet the ancreasing traffic, and authorized a levy of a penny per tononvessels landing or loading goods there. In 1800 a canal was made from the town of Renfrew to the Clyde, and the magistrates let the tolls to two parties, named Burns and Wilson, who held them for 57 years, such tolls mot to exceed 2d. per ton. In 1S34 Burns and Wilson reuiounced their lease, and the magistrates then continued in their own right to levy the tolls. The magistrates sold cer. tain portions of land belonging to the burgh to the respondlents, the said land being within the limits of the grant of free harbour, and the respondents, after paying the rate of 2d. per ton for some time, had latterly dug cuts or canals into their several works, into which vessels for landing or loading goods were taken, and which, bein- within the bounds of the grant of free harbour, wvre lia%le for dues. The respondents, however, had refused to pay the tolls, and accordingly an action was brought against them to recover the amount of tolls alleed to be due. The trial took place at Glasgow, on the Sth of October, 1853, when, by the consent of the parties, the Judge discharged the jury without their delivering a verdict, in order that the cause might be decided by the Court of Session upon the notes, each party being entitled to raise any question of lawv which tte notes and record might suggest. The Court of Session decided in favour of the respondents, and the present appeal was then brought, to which a preliminary objection was taken, that the judgment of the Court of Session was pronounced, not in the course of their ordinary jurisdiction, but as arbitrators, the cause having been wvith. drawn from the jury by consent. At the conclusion of the arguments upon this point, The LoRD CIASCELLOR said that, the cause having been withdrawn from the jury by consent, and thus removed from the constitutional method of trial, this House could not interfere, and the appeal must therefore be dismissed. Appeal dismissed.
LAW REPORT. VICE-CMAN'CELTO.ORS' C(OTTRT9 J.Tbr- 19 WALLACE V. BLACKWELL. (Before Yic-Clianccllor Sir R. T. XL-rDisRsLEY aizd Mr. Baron WiLLES.& This case was argued on Saturday, May 3, and fuUy reported in nelc Times, when their Lord&hips reserved their decision. The case is a somewhat singular one. The bill is iled by the assignees of the s6n of the defendant, seeking to set aside a conveyance of certain property, on the ground that such conveyance was executed with the knowledge on I the part of the defendant of an act of bankruptcy having I been committed by the son, a fiat having issued within one year from the date of such deed, and there were also questions as to the validity of the adjournment and fiat. It appeared that previously to the year 1845 the alleged bankmupt a een in various lines of business-as an electrotypist and an iron and coal dealer-in the course of which trades his father had become security for him ; and after the cesser of the trading had paid about 2,0001. on his account under such liability. The baikL-rupt then came to London, studied for, and was called to the bar, and was represented in letters written to the defendant by a solicitor, an acquaintance of the son's, to be getting on very well in his profession. At this period he became acquainted with a -woman named Lee, wvith whom he cohabited, and having taken a coffeehouse, in Great Russell-street, Covent-garden, known as the " Camden Coffeehouse," lse put the woman in question into possession of the house, and her name appeared over the door as the proprietor. In the course of this business various small debts were incurred to ordinary tradesmen and others, whichthe sonwas unable todischarge, andinconsequence,onthe20th of March,1S49,hewas arrested, and until the 21st of April was in the custody of a sheriTs officer at a spongin-house, and on that day was committed to prison. On the 25th of May, the son, being stiM in confinement, executed the deed in question, whereby he assigned certain of his property to his father, and on the 26th he was discharged. On the 20th of May, 1850, and therefore more than one year from the time of the arrest and less, than one year after the discharge, the petition in bankruptcy was presented, and on the 4th of June, four days' further time -were given to the petitioner, and on the 7th adjudication took place; andthe chief question was whether, under these circumstances, the fiat was valid, vhether the adjournment was in time,-andiwhetherthedefendanthad such notice of an act of banlruptcy as to render the deed void as against creditors. The Bankruptcy Act enacted that -where any trader should be arrested and lie in prison 21 days upon such arrest, such lying in prison should be considered an act of bankruptcy, provided the fiat issued Nvithin one year from that time, andit was argued for the assignees that any 21 days out of a term of imprisonment constituted .a act of bankruptcy, and they were at liberty, for the purpose of the fiat, to take the last 21 days, which wvould bring it in time. It was also ar-red that under the words of the act the adjournment was m time, and that it was clear that the defendant nust have had notice of an act of bankruptcy, the very deed in auestion having been executed in prison. Mr. Baily, Mr. essell, and Mr. Holl (of the common-law bar) appeared for the assignees (the plaintiffs). Mr. GLrz:<sE, Mr. J. 1WILDE (of the common law bar), and Mr. B.Trs appeared for the defendant, and contended that the 21 days must be calculated from the time of the arrest, and, even if they were calculated from the time of the imprisonment, the fiat was not in time, and therefore invalid. That the adjournment was not in time, and that, supposing the defendant failed on both those grourds, the deed must be upheld, inasmuch as it was quite clear that the defendant had no notice of his son's trading, and therefore the fact of the deed being executed in prison was finmaterial. Mr. B.rLY ewas heard in reply. The VICE-CeakNCELLOP., after stating the facts, now said that he had been favoured with the written opinion of MUr. Justice Willes, who was so good to render hsis most valuable assiAtance whien the case was argued, and in that opinion he quite concurred. His Lordship's opinion was that no act of bankruptcy was shown to have taken place prior to the adjudicaition, and consequently by the operation of tlse 88th section of the Bankruptcy Act of 1849, the 12th and 13th rictoria, chap. 10G, the title of the plaintiffs was incurably bad. The question turned on the 69th section of the Bankrnptcy Consolidation Act, the language of which pointed to one, and not to repeated acts of bankruptey, by lying in prison for successive periods, speaking of lying in prison for 21 days on an arrest for debt and an act of bankruptcy thereby committed, being compounded of the arrest aid the lying in prison for 21 days, and dating from the expiration of the 21 days, and he (Mr. Justice Willes) coald find no reason for straining the language of the act so as to create a fresh act of bankruptcy on each and every successive 21 days lying in prison after the first 21 days, whereby, according to the statute, an act of bankruptcy had been committed. This species of act of bankruptcy was of a date so carly as 1 Jac. I., c. 15, see. 2, the time being sin months independent of the intention of the bankrupt to defeat or delay his creditors, no doubt, on the ground either of obstinacy or such hopeless insolvency that the estate should hc distributed in bankruptcy; and, the law of relation bein, in force, the title of the assignees related back to the end ot the six months. By that statute and those in pazn-i mdcsr-uu the party must he a trader when arrested, and ais.o by the decision of the Vice-Chancellor in " Ex pa te lynch," Montague, 10 ; and it uvas not likely that it was intended to revive debts incurred during the imprisonment, it being sufEcient that debts existed at the time of the arrest and that the act was committed, and the stUlus assumed once for all. The 15 Jac. I., c. 19, s. 2, reduced the time to txvo m onths, and the 6th of George IV., c. 1G, s. 5, rednced it again to 21 days, and the relation of the act of bankruptcy to the time of the arrest was abolished, and the enactlment was in the same terms as that now under consideration, and even in construing that act his Lordship could not enlarge its terms to create successive acts of bankruptcy. With re`ard to the argmluent of inconvenience it could not prevail. The 12 months w-as introduced by the 5th and Gth of Victorna, c. 122, s. 10, while the statute of George IV. was in force, and, for all practical purposes was amply sufficient to afford time to creditors to proceed. For these reasons the plaintiffs had no right to proceed as assignees, such was Mtr. Justice Willes's opinion, in wvhich his Honour fully concurred,and which rendered it unnecessary either for him (the Vice-Chancellor) or AMr. Justice Willes to decide the minor points; but, as the question turined upon a new point arising on an act of Parliament, the bill would be (lismiszed -without costs. EMP.EMONT V. T1[O1PrON. TIis was a suit to administer the estate of the late Countess of Egremiont; and it appeared that certain gentlemen being lessees of large iron mines in the Brandon hills, in Somersetshire, it was desirable to transmsit the ore into Wales to be smelted, and an agreement was Proposed to the devisees of Lady Egremont, who wvere the owvners of the intermediate ground, to enable thse lessees to form n railwav. That agreement had been considered in chambers in the suit, and the Chief Clerk had certified against it, notwithstanding which, and that the lessees of the mines were not ;parties, a motion was mlow niade that the agreement might be carried out. Mr. Cairns and Mr. Roweliffe appeared in support of the motion; MIr. Baily, ATr. Glasso, MIr. Shapter, and Mr. Vance opposed it, but.vwithout hearing them, The VsCEs-CUSCELrorP thought that the moving parties had no locus otani in this court, and refused thme motion -with costs. (Bcfor e Vi-c-Cliancellor Si,- W. P. WOOD.) Ml TIIE MATTER. OF T11E (GREAT CAM1BRIAN 3MLNLNG AND QI-APYErTNG COIIPAXY.-RICEIARDSON'S CASE. This was a motion on behalf of the official manager to place Mr. Richardson on the list of contributories to the above company, now in course of being wound up in the Vice-Chancellor's chambers. It appeared that in 1853 the company was projected, and a. prospectus issued, which was headed thus:-" The Great Cambrian Mining and Quarrying Company. In 30,000 shares of 11. each, to be paid upon allotment. To be conducted upon the costbook prilsciple, and the accounts - ardited every two months. No deed to be signed." }ichardson, m the early part of the month of - August, 1853, applied for and obtained 50 shares ini the intended company, and paid 501. ini respect thereof. On the 10th of September, 1353, scrip certificates for -his shares were sent to Richardson, and received '-i7y him on the 11th of that month. Such scrip certifigates were numbered, and, omitting the numbers, were ill the following form:-" The Great Cambrian Mining Fid , tjarsyang C>ompany. In 30,000 p arts or shares of it. Lad]. To ~eondueted on the costbook principle.-This is to certify that the hold.sv of this certificateis the proprietor of five parts or shares in the Cambrian Mining and quarrying Company, to be held subject t6 the rules of the company, upon each of which the grun of 1i. has been paid." On the 15th of September, 1853, the rules and regulations to govern the company were entered in the costbook of the company, and signed by some of the adventurers. By the first of such rales it was provided that the adventure be divided into 30,000 shares, upon each of w-hich the sum of It should be paid at the time of issuing the same. The fourth rule provided that as sOOn as one-third part of the 30,000 shares should have been subscribed the adventurers should be and continue associated, and have power to do all things authorized by the rules as if the whole 30,000 had been actually subscribed for. The 20th rule provided that notices of general and other meetings should be given to the shareliolders.. The 40th rule nrovidedthat any adventurer shouldbeat liberty to transfer his shares to any person to be approved by the board of directors, the transfer to be made as therein prodided. The scheme proved a failure, andin the month of May, 1855, an order was made for winding up the affairs of the company. The official manager now moved to place Richardson on the list of contributories. In support of hismotionan affidavit had been filed by the late secretary of the company deposing to the fact that prior to the order for winding-up the company 11,635 shares had been subscribed for in the costbook. In opposition to the motion Richardson had filed an affidavit, stating that he had never, sinqe the 11th of September, 1853, received any notice whatever of the affairs of the company;* that he had never signed the costbook ; that the rules and regulations contained in the costbook were unknown to him, and were at variance with the prospectus; and that he had accepted his shares on the faith of the p)rospectus, and tht only. Ir. D.SImL and Mr. RoxisuGncs, in support of the motion, contended that Richardson having subscribed for the 50 shares allotted to him, it was immaterial whether he had ever signed the rules or not. They referred to Yelland's case, Lord Mansfield's case, and Sharpus's case. He had sufficiently authorized the company to sign his name for him, should that be necessary. As to his having paid his money and received his scrip certificates before the rules were signed, that was immaterial. He received notice upon the face of the certificate that there were rules and regulations, and was bound to have inquired what they were. Mr. BRIsTow-E (Mr. Rolt with him) opposed the motion on the followving grounds :-First, that the rules and regulations were at variance with the prospectus, it being contemplated by the prospectus that the whole 30,000 shares should be paid for when allotted, and that until the whole 30,000 were paid for the company was not, according to the prospectus, intended to be constituted. Again, the prospectus stated that the company was to be formed on the cestbook principle, of wvhich principle one of the rules was that the, right totransfer shares should be perfectly unfettered, whereas the 40th rule provided that no transfer could be made wvithout the consent of the directors; that if there was any real variation between the prospectus and the rules, then Richardson would not be liable to be placed on the list (Goldsmidt's case and Meyer's case, 16, Bea.); that even admitting that there was no substantial variation between the rules and the prospectus, yet the company, never having sent any notice of these rules to Richardson, or of meetings, or taken any step to inform him of the proceedings of the company, and the rules not being in eistence at the date of the issue of his. scrip certificates, the company had by their own laches lost their right to place him on the list of contributories. Mr. DANIEL was heard in reply. The VIcE-CsAxcELLoR said that two points in the case were clear-first, any party agreeing to take shares and accepting them, in fact, authorized the company to sign the book on his behalf; and, secondly, if any party should undertake to take shares, but the company substantially departed from the original scheme, then the party so applymig was relieved from responsibility. Here Richardson clearly had concluded himself under the first of these propositions, but argued that the company had been substantially varied. The variations alleged w-ere, first, as to the amount of shares and the mode of paying for them, and, second, as to the rules not being in accordance with the prciple spoken of as the " costbook principle." Upon the first of these points his Honour was of opinion that there was no substantial variation, for the very first rule of the com pany provided that the company should be divided into 30,000 shares, upon each of which 1i. was to be paid at the time of issuing the same. The fourth rule was not in any wayinconsistent with the intention to allot thewhole of that number, but merely authorized the company to commence operations when 10,000 shares should have been subscribed for. As to the point upon the costbook piinciple, it had been contended that the 40th rule was inconsistent with the costbook principle. but no evidence was before the Court upon the point. Hlis Honour, therefore, being of opinion that there was no substantial variation between the terms of the prospectus and the rules, made an order placing Mr. Richardson on the list of contaibutories, with liberty for him to enter into any evidence to show that the 40th rule of the company was at variance with the costbook principle.
COURT OF OURFEN'S EVNCTr W nFRiRTFR.TrTn: 19 THE QUEEN V. THE 2IAYOP, ALDER31EN, AN-D BURGESSES Arn T.TX-rPPAnT. (Sittings in Banco, before Lord CMIPEELL, and Justices COLERIDGIE. ERLE. and CRO03UIO2N. This was a case stated for the opinion of the Court,raising the question whether the corporation of Liverpool were liable to be rated to the poor-rate in respect of their occupation of certain waterworks in one of the suburbs, used for supplying the town of Liverpool with water. tord CA-wPBEELL now delivered the judgment of the Court to the effect that the case was not distinguishable from previously decided cases, and that the corporation must be held liable to be rated. The jisdgment of the Court must therefore be for the respondents. RE SILL, AN ATIORNEY. Sir F. TssESIGEP. (with whom was Mr. H. J. Hodgson) moved that Richard Sill, an attorney, who had been strackoff the roll of this court on the 6th of Mray, 1853, should be restored. Notice of the intended application had been given to the Incorporated Law Society, who had expressed their intention to instruct Mr. J. Wilde, Q.C., to appear on the application, to see that all the facts upon account of which AMr. Sil had been struck off the roUs, should now be brought before the Court. Mr. 'Wilde had not yet arrived, and,according to the 7th rule of Court, the rule, if granted, was absolute in the first instance. Lord CASMPBELL said he could not agree that the rule to restore an attorney who had been struck off the roU for misconduct should be made absolute in the first instance. His Lordship added that it was the opinion of the Conrt that the learned counsel might now move for a rule nii.si. Sir F. TiESioEn moved accordingly, and stated the circumstataces under which the applicant had been struck off. He had unfortunately been retained to prosecute Henry Broom and others, *who were charged withi the offence of cheating at cards in a case called " the Brighton Card-cheating Case," and in the resulthe was himself charged en three indictments for obtaining three bills of 1201. each, by robbery, to compound bhe prosecution, and in a third indictment by false pretences. On the first tvo indictments M1r. Sill was acquitted, the prosecutors not appearing, but on the third indictment he was convicted. The Law Society, on hearing of the conviction, brought the fact before the Court; and in showing cause against the rule Mr. Sill brought all the facts of the case before it on affidavits. Lord Campbell, in giving judgment, said that he could not say, on the that merits the conviction could be supported; but the Court came to the opinion that Mr. SiU had dealt improperly with the parties, and had obtained the bills to stifle the prosecution - and on that ground ordered him to be struck off the rob of the Court. From May, 1S53, when that order was made, down to July, 1854, Mr. Sill was whofy without employment; but in the latter month the bMessrs. Duignan and Hemmant, solicitors at Walsall, employed ]him as their managing clerk. Since that time he had been engaged in the management of their common law business at Nisi Prisus in the Cosmty Court, as well as criminal businessi; and in that capacity he had not only entirely justified their confidence, but lie had obtained the respect and approbation of all -with -whom he had come in contact. The learned counsel then read a mass of testimonials, speaking in the highest terms of Mr. Sill's conduct and integrity. The learned counsel said that, without canvassing the former decision of the Court, he submitted that, considering the punishment which AMr. Sill had already suffered, and his subsequent conduct, the time was now come when the Court would feel justified in allowing him to be restored. Lord CAMIPBELL said the learned counsel might take a rule to show cause, the rule to be served on the Incorporated Law Society, and to be brought on in the early part of next tenis. TilE QUEEN V. TIHE LON-DON ACND N-OLTIN-WESTERN' RAILWAY COMPANY. In this case a rule had boen granted for a mawndamivus to the London and North-Western Railway Comiipany, commanding them to repair the fences to the approaches of a bridge carrying a highway over the companv's line of railway in the parisli of Bcrkhampstead. The object of the application was to try the question whether the said fences should be repaired by the company or by the surveyors of the lghlway. Sir F. KELLY (with whom was Mr. Bovil') appeared to show cause against the rule, but, in answer to an appeal from the Court, the learmed counsel said the question was of msuch importance, and he could not hope the Court to decide the question on this rule. He would therefore consent that the nile should be made absolute, in order that the question might be raised on the return. The Attorney-General and Mr. Skinner appeared to support the rule. Rule absolute. O'RIN`ES V. ONSLOW. In this case a rule had been granted, calling on the Bishop of London to show cause why lie should not return and pay over to the plainfiff the amount levied by him under a writ of sequestration issued upon a judgment recovered by the plaintiff O'Kines against the Rev. Mr. Onslow, the incumbent of Newington, Surrey. The parish of Newington formerly belonged to the diocess of the Archbishop of Canterbury, to whom also the sequestration was directed; but the parish had recently been transferred to the jurisdiction of the Bishop of London, and the sequestration in question had also been transferred. The bishop, liowever, was advised that he could not act under the writ to the archbishop, and that there ought to be a new writ issued directed to himnself. Mr. H. HILL, Q.C., and Mr. BADELEY showed cause against the nile; AIr. 1V. H. COOKE, wvho appeared in support of the rale, was stopped by the Court. Lord CAMPBELL said that qzocid the parish of Newington the Bishop of London 'was the successor of the archbishop, and a successor was bound to execute writs of sequestration, though addressed to his predecessor in his C]hristianname. It was the clear intention of the Legislature that the bishop into whose jurisdiction the parish was transferred should be the successor of the archbishop. Rule absolute. THE QUEEN V. T'HE VESTRY OF ST. LEOnARD'S, SHORE- DITCH. In this case a rule had been granted calling upon the vestry of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, and their surveyor, to show cause why they should not grant a license in writing to the applicant, aperson named Batey, authorizing him to, &ecta hoard in front ofEa huilding which he s erecting. The application was rnadeunder thel22dsectionof theMfetro polis anagement Act (1th and 19th Yictoria, chap. 120), which enacted that it should not, be lawful for any person to erect in any street any hoard or fence, &c., without a ticense isriting lirat bad and obtained from the clerk or. surveyor of the vestry ordistrict hoard of the vestry or pSarish Iisiwhibli such street wassdtnate.' Mr. EDWN JAnES, Q.0., (w.ith whom was Mr. Raymond) showred cause against the rule,; and took a preliminary objection that a zandamtus would not. lie in such a case, but the refusal of the vestry was ground for appeal, otherwise the CQut would have quite enough to do in hearimg such appli:cati6ns. Even if the writ would lie, the Court would not malke the iule Alsolute in this case, for it appeared on the affidavit of the surveyor of the vestry that the applicant had already erected the hoard in. defiance of the vestry, and he now came to the court in effect to legalize a nuisance which he had erected, and which, by the 123d section of the act, it was the dutyvof, the vestry to: pull dowh. The vestry had' refused the license, under the 143d section of the act conceivig that they had that discretion where the apCicant wished to advance his building beyond the iegular line of buildings. lord CNxrPBELL said the applicant could not tOwe the law into his own hands and then come to this court for a mandamnus. Mr. H HnLL, Q.C., who (with MTr. Hawkins) appeared to Su prt the r[le, aid: the vestry had taken the hoard away Lord CA zsrnLL said that if the applicant put up the hoard without a license he could not gracefully come to this court and ask for a mzandarus. The rule must be disbharged with costs. IN RE fMICHAEL POPE, AN ATTORNEY. This was a rule calling upon Michael Pope, an attorney of this court, to show cause why he should not pay over to a person named Nolan the sum of 101. 3s., and why he should not answer the matters of an affidavit. Mr. G.RTH now showed cause against the rule. It appeared from the affidavits which the learned!counsel referred to that the attorney had been accessory to an ualified person, named Howell, practising in insolvency, anuobtain. sng several sums of money from the applicant, an insolvent named Nolan, who was a prisoner in Whitecross-street Prison. It further appeared that EHowell had falsely pretended that he had retained 31r. Sargood, the barrister, to supoort the insolvent's petition, and had preduced a brief Iwith the fee signed by Mr. Sargood's initials, though it subsequently appeared that Mr. Sargood had never been applied to on the subject. The attorney against -whom tho present application was made had attended on Nolan, as I.s attormey, to sign certain documents which required to *be signed by an attorney, and for his services so rendered he had reeeived two fees of 10s. 6d., and one of lOs. Mr. H. T. Cole, who appeared in support of the rule, was -not called upon.- Lord CAkWMPBELL said the most lenient course the Court could adopt towards Mr. Pope was to make the rule absolute for the payment of lO.; with costs. By his proceedings he had rendered himself liable to the gravest censure, and he ' (Lord Campbell) hoped this would be a solemn warning to him to be more cautious in future. Rule absolute for the payment of 101., with costs This being the last day of Trinity Term. the Court disposed of a great many motions, but all the business was concluded by about 4 o'clock. Mr. Clung, the chief usher, then dissolved the Court with the usual proclamation trn the 3d of November. BAIL COURT. (Sittings in Banco, befoitc Mr. Justice WIGrnrax.) THE QUEEN V. TOWNSEIND, CLERK. MIr. FIELD, on behalf of one Johnson, moved for a mandamus calling upon the Rev. J. Townsend, the rector of Ilmington, in WarwNickshire, to restore Johnson to the office of sexton of the parish of llmington. Johnson had been appointed in 1846, upon the death of his father, who had held the office for many years. About three and a-half years ago Mr. Townsend left Ilmington parish to reside elsewhere, and during his absence Mr. Parkes had acted as curate. In 1852 Mr. Parkes dismissed Johnson from the 'office, and in the following year a rule was obtained for a znandanus compelling Mr. Townsend to restore Johnson, and he was restored accordingly; but a series of petty annoyances had bden adopted by ir. Parkes from that time to the month of July, 1844. On the 9th of July3Mr. Parkes again dismissed Johnsou, on the ground of his having been convicted of drunk-enness. That conviction, Johnson stated, had taken place upon the evidence alone of one Freeman, who was a rival ringer, and at a time when Johnson requested the hearinz might be postponed until he could have the attendance of his attorney and his witnesses, but which postponement Mr. Parkes objected to. It was further urged that Mr. Townsend, and not Mr. Parkes, was theproper person to have dismissed him. Rule granted.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, WRnxsT, JUN- 12. -rA'%nmTFQR -- lT7- A-A A- -l-Sr (Sittinas in Ban2co. Trinitv Term.) This was aniule obtained by the defendants, mr. Hughes and Miss Stanley, calling on the plaintiff to show cause why a stun of money paidinto court bythe defendants in lieu of bail sqhould not be taken out. MIr. WATSON, Q.C., and MEr. PIERCE showed cause against the nule, and Mlr. HAxrursoxN appeared to support it. It appeared that the plaintiff had engaged Aiss Stanley to represent her popular entertainment, and had for that purpose fitted up roousfor the performance. IHearing that she wasdegoing toberica roen atn entgagement there, the plaintiff, arrested under the pretence that she was indebted to himn for work and labour in and about the fittings and decorations of the place of her performance. On swearing to this debt she was arrested and paid the sum of money in question intO court, in leu of giving bail in order to he freed from the arrest. On the affidavits on which the rule was obtained it appeared that there was no ground whatever for the demand made upon her. The COURT (without calling on the defendants' counsel) ordered the sum paid into court to be given up, and expressed a strong opinion against the course which had been pursued by the plaintiff as most unwarrantable ancd im. proper. Rule absolute. This being the last day of Term, the Court was occupied with motions during the rest of the day. None of them were of sufficient interest to require a report.
COURT OF EXCHREOIThR TnmqnTTAV .Tr7vr 19 (Sittings in Banco.) This was the last day of Trinity Term, and the Court was engaged in hearing motions and otherwise disposing of the ordinarybusinessof the legalyear. This being alldespatched, the Court rose at 1 o'clock. B-AP\ES V. rAYWAVAD. In our report of this case, which was argued yesterday and appeared to-day, a passage occurs which might lead to the impression that the Masters of the Courts were paid 10s. per hour on cases referred to them. WVe wish it to be understood that though that scale of fee is laid down by act of Parliament, the Masters' salary is a fiRxed one, and that the fees in question are paid over to the General Fund. (Sittings in Banco, before Mr. Boron. MiARIN.) Nothing came before the Court this morning of interest to the public, the only cause heard being one in which the question was whether the Secondary bad misdirected the jury in not telling them to consider whether certain potatoes yaccepted uder the Statute of Frauds, and ivlcniLordshup took time to consider.
PREROGATIVE COURT. TLmRsm-i)y. JUNE 12. WHVHICIIELLO AND SIMS V_ IIUT2IPMFYS. (Beforne S,v- .TTTI T)n nqny \ This was a business of grantingp robate of the last will and testament of Charles WliUam'almer, late of Maiden-]ane, Covent-garden, dated December 29th, 1854, to Mr. Rumphrey, the executor therein appointed. It -was opposed by Messrs. Whichello and Sims, the executors named in a former will, bearing date the 9th of January, 1850. The property of which the deceased died possessed amounted to about 4001. In opposition to the paper propounded it was alleged that Mr. Talmer had resided for some years vith Mr. Whichello, and entertained great regard for him and his son, wlhich he evinced by making the will of 1850 in their favour; that in June, 1854, he was seized with a severe attack of dcli5'ivn tremzens, and that his mental faculties never thoroughly recovered from the effect thereof ; that he frequently recognized the will of 1850, and during his last illness spoke of Mr. Whichello as the person who wvould have the management of his affairs after his decease. In support of the will row before the Court it was pleaded that the testator frequently complained of the treatment he had received from MIr.Whichello, particularly with regard to the food provided for him; that he was much hurt at Mr. Whiehello's changing his residence without asking him to accompany him ; that during the last four years of his life he entertained great regard and esteem for Emily Camnpbell, in -favour of w hom this wvill w as made, and whose father was an old friend of his, and that he concealed the fact!on of thc will from Mr. Whichello lest heLshould be annoyed by his importunities. Dr. JExNEn (with whom was Dr. Deane) contended on behalf of 3 Ir. Humphreys that the testator was of perfect capacity when he executed the will, and that there was a sufficient cause of estrangement from MIr. Vhichello to account for the alteration in his testamentarybounty. The QuEE's ADVOCATE (with whom was Dr. Spinks) submitted that the o01s of proof which rested very heavily on Mr. Hlumpllreys had not beendischarged, and that consequently the Court could not pronounce for the will. The learned JUnDG said that, although it was a case of great suspicion, yet lupon the whole he was of opinion that the will was entitled toprobate. The Proceedine had been rendered necessary in consequence of the conouct of the deceased himself, and he would therefore direct the costs of all parties to be paid out of the estate.
COOUPT OF B-ANRUPTCY, R3asinghall-s,trcet, Jtt7c 12. IN77 A77.XN' T {*Atf7 (.PI >l (Before ir. Commniss1rn.R ThTA V The bankrupt W.as a merchant, of Broad-street-buildings. This was an adjourned examination meeting Mr. Chidlev appeared for the bankrupt, and lWr. Appleton for the asgnees. The COOunssboxEn.-Why are the accounts not yet ready? Mr. CIlDI)sY.-Shortly after the last mleeting the bankrupt was arrested on a criminal charge. I-le w-as in custody about ten days, when the magistrate ordered his discharge. 'Until within the last twvo or three days he has been unable to obtain from the assignees a sight of somne of his books. These circumstances have prevented the filing of the accounts. If your Honour will order an adjournment for a month they will be ready. Mr. APPLEToN objected. IOOZ. had been found upon the person of the bankrupt when arrested. The mnoney was alleged to have been intrusted to him by Mr. Meynell, a Government clerk, for the purpose of being changed, some portion-being foreign money. Mr. W. Meynell, examined, said, he had a salary in the Customs of 1401. a-year. He had intrusted the bankrnpt wisth the nmoney to get changed for him. Mr. APPLETON proposed to examine the bankrupt; in order to show that there were discrepancies of statement. The CoarNnssiONER.-There is no cocasion. I have no doubt the 1001. passed to the assignees. Mr. CBIWLEY.-At the time they took ±beannqyfroma. the -iat npt they also to'k his watch. I tr t watclh ;nay beiven up. HisM OoMU.-Re had better wait for his watch untilhe lias filed his accoumts. - A o adjournmentfor a month-was theun ordered. . fln. RE S. WAfrKIES. The banrapt was a brickmaker, of Paddington ana eiseera. EIotsamo fllp to his examinatioon accounts spewing debts a liabllitie'about 6,0001., and small , 3r. Tiikater appeared for the assignees, anld Tr; Chidky f,or the bankrupt, who passed.
I BI2fIVGHAg DISTRICT COUBT OF BANKR?UPTCY, June 12... THE LICEWJELD RAN _ . - (Before Mr. 'D.i - % This-was a certicgate meeting. Mr. Knighi appeared on'behalf of th6 assi~nees' ; xssrs. lebece and Allen for the creditors; anid Mr. Huddlestone (of the OxfordCircuit) to support the bankrupt. ... Ia answer to questions from Mr. KNGIHT, Tho Bankrapt stated that he purchased in London, or the morming of the day on which the bank was closed, an Exchequer-bill for 1,,00l. for a Mrs. Hussey, for whom ho acted as agent. He received directons to malke this purchaseten days before the bank stopped, and before he effected it he consulted the chief clerk at Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith's as to the propriety of doing so. At that time he thought he shouldhave somedifficulty in going on,bit he. did not know the reason -of Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Co. requiring his attendance in London. As, however, he had: changed sovereigns for Bank of England notes for the ex- ress purpose of malding -this purchase so many days before he had an Ldea of stopping, he thought he was doing right in carrying out Mrs. Hussey's instructions. M Mr. KiNiGnT, on the part of the assignees, wished he could have recommended the Commissioner to grant the bankrupt a first-class certificate, but under the circumstances of the case he could not in duty pursue that course. Bankers, as trustees for the servant-girl with her 51., and rich menrwith their thousands, stood in a different position to other trades- 'en; and he feared that there were many banki, particuarlg in; agricultural districts, which upon examination would be found in no. better situation than the one now before the Court. Mr. Knight proceeded to give ahistory of the bank. From 1825 to 1850 it was carried on under the flxm of, Palmer and Greem, Palmer taking upon himself the uncontrolled management. Upon the death'of that entleman,in1850, came out the striking and appalling tact that the bank was insolvent to the extent of a'bout 70,0001 It was true that the private estate of Mr. Green iwas more than sufficient to pay his private liabilities and what he owea to the bauk, but the margin was so small as to be wholly insufficient to meet the deficiency of Palnier and Green. What reasonable prospect was there, then, of the bank emerging from its difficulties ? For years before 1850 the partners had been living upon the capital; and vhat had ben the 'condusct of the bankrupt since that period? His HoNouJ.-If I recollect rightly, his pers6nal expenses are put down during the five years at about 17,7881., including payments for life insurance, and exclusive of his wife's income? Mr. KENIGcHT was sorry to say such was the fact. Why, it might be asked, did the bankrupt, under such circumstances, carry on? He explained that, in consequenceof there being no pressure upon the bank, and advised by other 4ersons, he bad the weakness to imagine that he might b etter the estate. His Ho,ouir.-I rememaber the bankrupt said he did attempt to reduce his establishment, but that he found it bad an efect apon his credit; and I can understand that. If he had been a foxhunter he might have pleaded age or gout, and nobody would have wondered. Mr. INiGne admitted that the bankrupt had indulged in no kind of speculation, and that the class of customers was much the same at the close of the bank as in the year 1850, but an extravagant expenditure had been made to keep up the credit of the bank. He (Mr. Knight) could not help thinking that Messrs, Smith, Payne, and Smith had much to answer for with regard to its failure and condition. They were furnished with a balance-sheet in 1850, and had subse. quently been supplied with one from time to time. Had the bank stopped in 1850, 50,0001. mrore than at present would have been available among the general body of creditors, instead of being spent -imply for the purpose of keep. ing the establishment going. On the part of the assignees he begged to say thnat r. Green, since his bankruptcy, had dne everything' in'his ower to mitigate the blow which had fallen upon the ore tors-he had supplied them with every information which was required without regard to time aud trouble-and with these observations they left the case with full confidence in the hands of the Court. Mr. HEcEE contended that the bankupt had given a. fraudulent preference to Mrs. Hussey by the purchase of the 1,0001. Exchequer-bill, when he knew he was about to stop; been guilty of reckless trading by purchasing the Pelsall Colleries, when he knev he was in a state of irretrievable insolvency; of extravagant expenditure by living at the rate of 2,6001. a-year, when for years he had been on the eve of bankruptcy; and of breach of faith in appropriating the moneys of the Lichfield Conduit Charity, of which he was a trustee or " sidesman." On these grounds he trusted the Court would refuse the bankrupt his certificate altogether. Mr. ALLE N followed on the same side. Mr. HUDDLrSTONE said the creditors had a perfect right to examine into the affairs of the bankrupt with the greatest jealousy, and admitted that there were points whEich reqiuired ex;planation. He contended that the purchase of the 1,0001. Exchequer-bill for Mrs. Hussey w.as a purchase which, as a man of honour, he was bound to make. Ee had received orders to eftect it several days before he was aware that Messrs. Smith would refuse to make further advances (the cause of his stoppage), and he had specially put money by in the strongbox for that purpose. WTith regard to the affairs of the bank-, he was not aware of its insolvency until the death of Palmer, and it was stated that he should then have stopped. But it would be recollected that at that time he acted upon the advice of friends, and was recommended to go on, with the view of retrieving his circumstances. Hlis HoNouR.-Did any turn take place to justify such a hope? There was one unfortunate statement of the bankrapt. He said that he had no hope of being able to retrieve his circumstances during his lifetime. Mr. HUDDLESToNx.-The profits of the bank certainly would not justify such an expectation, but then he embarked in the Pelsall Colleries with such a prospect before him. Mr. Chawner, Mr. M'Clean, and other eminent men had engaged in similar undertakings with decided success, and the sale of Mr. Green's property in these collieries since his bankruptcy had, it was stated, realized 9,000. more than their cost. Where, then, was the proof of recldess trading? Had he made any undue offers of interest such as theywere accustomed to meet with in bank bankruptcies? Nlot one iota of evidence had been adduced upon that point. The learned counsel then referred to Mr. Green's personal expenses. The allowance for the maintenance of a son at the University was 3001. a-year, and,although he had two daughters married into a highly honourable family, not one shillhng had he taken from the bank for settlements or fortumes. In fact, the present was a case in which there had been no speculation, no personal extravagance, no attempt to deceive creditors, and no attenipt to entrap deMositors. HiEO-OUR.-This is a case far too important to Mr. Green and to the public to allow me to give judgment today, but I will not keep parties long in suspemse. In the course of a short time his Ho.NouR said he would give judgment on Thursday, the 26th inist.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, June 12. The proceedings of this court this morning were of an ordinary character and quite undeserving of report. IN RE Jr. L. IfLEOD. We have received a letter from MIrs. Oldham, whose name was mentioned in our report of this case on Monday last, denying the accuracy of the statements made by the insolvent as affecting her character. We would wvillingly believe that those imputations were undeserved,but. as they were made upon oath by the insolvent and not then contradicted by Mrs. Oldham, who was present in court, we can only now give her denial of them quatztiu valcat.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONfS, 1"tursday, J2tnc 12. The Court sat to-day at Westminster, by adiournment from Clerkenwell. There were 41 prisoners for triaL Henry Hyams, 22, was indicted for embezzling Gs. 6d., received by him on account of George Hockley, his master. He pleaded "Guilty." 2tr. Sleigh appeared for the prosecution, hfr. Metcalfe was instructed on behalf of the prisoner. Thebprosecutor was the landlord of the Crown and Anchor publichouse, in Ebury-street, Pimlico, and the prisoner was hs barman. In consequence of suspicion, money was marked by the police. At the instigation of the Prosecutor it was given to a person who was sent into the house as a customer, and subsequently six marked shillings and two sixpences were found in the prisoner's possession. The police also found in the prisoner's possession a jewel-box containing eight sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, a gold chain, two gold keys, a set of gold studs, a gold pin, and a porteinonnaie which contained 29s., among them those whiich had been marked. The prosecutor had been robbed on an average to the amount of 6s. or 7s. a-day- and it appeared from a statement of Inspector Cxumming, At who had charge of the case, that the prisoner used to spend as much as 14s. in cab-hire on days vhen he was out. He used to take a cab and go to the east end of the town to see a woman, keeping the cab waiting, perhaps, three or four hours. He had only been in the prosecutor's service four months. The AssIsTAsT-JuDGE postponed the sentence. Jolm Sullivan, 22, was indicted for stealing a coat valued at 5h., the property of Frederick Harcourt Hamblin, and another coat, the property of Henry A'Court Bloxam, in the dwelling-house of the Rev. John Bradley Dyne. The prisoner, it seemed, used to go about on the pretence of selling tracts in the suburbs, his real object being to steal what was within reach at the houses he called at. In this case he stole two coats from the Rev. Mr. Dyne's establish. ment, Grove-bank, Highgate. The jury found him Gitiy, and the Court sentenced him to eight months' hard labour. Edwlard Steel 22, and John Wilson 22, were indicted for stealing a lid of a butter cooler and a spoon, the property of Joseph Airey. Mr. Mletealfe appeared for the prosecution, Mr. Sleigh appeared for Wilson; Steel was not defended. The prosecutor lived in Poland-street, and the charge against the prisoners was, tbl':hey entered his house at night and stole the attic n question. The case rested on evidence of identity. For the defence of Wils'tlMIr. Sl, igh called two witnesses, a man and his wife, who keepI iteeshop and lodginghouse in Charles-street, and who deDosei that that prisoner was in bed at their house at the time the robbery was committed The other prisoner, who was taken into custodyin Polandstreet, at the time denied that he had been into any house in that street, or had been concerned in any robbery. HIe had but recently returned from the Crimea, having led a seafaringlife, and happening to he in Poland-street at the time in questionvwith another ailor whom' he'mibt-T3k-%ccz \ 'dent that evening, he was taken _into- custody, and it was 'asserted that he had been into a house, which was false. :When hewastaken to'the station the policeman took his' 'dischargeIfrom Crirmean service.from him, whichwaw-a' voucher for his character, xud,would not returnit to him.:. The A sIsTANVTJUDGB asked. the policeman where the discharge was. Thepoliceman saidhe gave it -upto the inspector, and had not seen it snce. The inspector was not in attendance. . The ASsMsTAT-3uDGE directed the inspector on duty ii court to report what had just transpired to the police authonities, remarking that a document having been taken from a prisoner, ~nd not produced when wanted by the prissoner for the purpose of has defence, showed either a want or a disregard of instrnlctions which should not pass without notce-.. -- MlIr. NtrcAnrEs, in reply, commented upon the evidence. for Wilson, and contrasted it with that for the prosecution, and askeel the jury to disregard it as altogether nntrne. The A ssIsrA.JTmGs having sununed up, The jury found bcoth prisoners auiltu. The AsISrAxr4KunoE sentenced them each to 15 3nonths hard labour. Steel then said Wilson was quite innocent.
- POLICE. MANSIO?-HOUSE.-Messrs. George and Robert Baker, pawnbrokers, 91, Hounsaditch, were sunmoned by Georee Siebert, tailor, 13, Xoorfield; for refusing to deliver un a ce tinpicture, pledged at their establishment, upon which principal and inter6st due had been legally tendered. Defendahts appeared by their solicitor. Complainant stated that one evening last snmmer he purchased three paintings, at'the shobp of defendants, for the sum of 21., upon-which he paid adeposit, and that upon the 13th of October he pledged the pictunres for 11. 5s., having paid the difference in cash. On Saturday, tho 7thinst., he went to redeem them, tendering principal and interest due, and three paintingswere broughtforwvard, one of w7hich, however, was not-the samue that he had purchased. The picture purchased'was a Jaae- vievw of Windsor Castle, -witlh those words along its front, in letters about a quarter of an inch high, and about 30 people standing in the foreground,gazing at the castle; while the picture produced in -its placo was a moonlight piece.in no way resembling it or the one now Produced. Elizabeth Siebert, wifo of complainant, deposed that she was present when her husband purchased the pictures, and made a similar statement to that of complainant, in regard to the difference between the picture now produced and that of the "Windsor Castle" purchased, adding her beliefthat the latter in addition to the words "Windsor Castle," has also the -words, "The choice residence of the Diichess of Kent" inscribed along its front. Defendants produced a painting representing Windsor Castle, seen from a distance, which they declared to be the picture sold to complainant, but he denied that it was either that or the painting offered in its place on Saturday. He, however, admitted upon cross-examination, that he had only seen the real "Windsor Castle" once, and then by candlelight. : For the defendants, it was contended that thepicture pro. duced vas the one really sold, and produced on Saturday that no such painting as that alleged to have been purchased by the domplainant had ever been in possession of the firm; and that it was ridiculous to supp os that any oil painting of sauch asizewould bear itS ttle Upon its centre, as describedby complainant and his wife. After-heariug the shopman who sold the picture, Alderman CuB iTT said, there was no necessity for calling further evidence for the defence, as both he and Mfr. Alderman Carter were quite satisfied that complainant and his wife had made a mistake. The summons, therefore, must be dismissed. Gumv mLL.-The Right Hon. T. Milner Gibson, ALP., the owner, and Mfr. James Sutton, the occupier, of a house situated at 82, West Smithfield, were summoned to appear before Sir C LuausN ALUZsUAiL to show cause why they refused to pul down the house in question after receiving notice from the Commissi6ners of Sewers tait it was in a ruinous an?d dangerons condition. r. TyrreU, the solicitor -to the Commissioners of Sewers, said, these proceedingswere taken under -the 1Sth and 19th of Victoria}. cap. 122, sec. 69 and 70, wi~hich empowered the Commnissioners of Sewiers, on obtaining the mXagistrate's order to that ffect,- to pull down dangerousstructures, where the owners- or occupiers had neglected to do it after receiving the usual notices, and to come upon the parties for the amount of the expenses so incurred. The soliCitor for the zRight Hon. T. IL Gibson said, he appeared to op ose the order, becanse it was the duty of the lessee to male all the necessary improvements, and he was perfectly willing to obey any order made upon him with regardto these premises. Mr. Tyrrell said, he w9uld take the order against all parties, and then it was probable that between them all the ruinous premises would be taklen down. The solicitor for the owner said, they were placed in a very difficult position, because the house now complained of was sitated between two other old houses in an equaUy ruinons and dangerous condition, and if the owner of No 82- were required to puU down that house without a simultaneous order being made upon the owners of the houses on either side of it, the owner of No. 82 would necessarily be put to the expense of taking all three of them down. Mr. Tyrrellsaid,he-was obligedto the so]icitor for the information relative to those houses, and he -would take care that they were seen to immediately; but, in the meantime, he must ask for the order to be made agains all the parties summoned, and leave the owner and the lessee to make their own arrangements. An order was then made upon the owner and the occupier topuU down the premises in question within seven days; or,indefault, the commissioners -will complete the -work for them. Mr. Harting appeared on behalf of the Rev. G. Last and others, the owners of a house situated at 34, Farringdonstreet, and said that the house was in the occupation of a Mrs. Burdett, who was also summoned, and her tenancy would expire on the 24th,- until which time the owners objected to take down the premises, as it -would render them liable to an action for trespass. Mr. TyrreD said, under those circumstances ho would take the order for the house to be puled down in 14 days. The executor of a late firm, which carried on business at 120, Aldersgate-street, appeared, and said he was the occupier of the premises, and the ruinous and dangerous building in this case was a party-waU belonging to the owner or occupier of the nest house. The occupier of the. next house, on the contrary, said it was not his party-wall, and he should not take it down. 3Mr. Tyrrell applied for the order against both parties, and said they might afterwards settle the dispute between themselves. The order'was made accordingly, the wall to be talken down in seven days. A similar order was made in respect to 122, Aldersgatestreet, the owner of 'which 'was Er. John Sabine, at present in Australia. Emily Edwards, Eliza Beale, Charlotte Garrett, Sarah Bowers, lary Lee, and Elizabeth MIorden, were placed at the bar charged vith attempting to pick pockets in St. Paul's-churchyard. Edwards, Garrett, and Bowers were all very stylishlydressed, and presented a marked contrast in appearance to Lee, Morden, and Beale, each of 'whom carried a child in her .arms, Alfted Green, a detective officer, said, he saw all the prisoners together in St. Paul's-churchyard, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. They stopped in front of a hosier's shop, when Ecdwards, Beale, Garrett, and Bowers vent in, leaving Lee and Morden walkdng to and fro outside. The four prisoners shortly after came out and joined the other two, and the whole of them proceeded through St. Paul's-churchyard, and at length stopped in front of a shop-window, 'where there were a number of ladies congregated. He saw Edwards and Beale press closely against a lady, and then suddenly leave and join the other prisoners again, when they all proceeded to Ludgate-street, where the same four prisoners as before entered another hosier's shop. When they came out they all proceeded to the bottom of Ludgate-hill, where witness saw Edwards put her hand into the pocket of a ladywho was waiting on the pavement. The lady moved round and spoke to her, and the prisoners then went up Fleet-street, and Beale and Bowers entered a jeweller's shop, leaving the other four outside. In a very short time they came out, and wvitness then, with assistance, took them all into custody. Edwards refused her address, and Beale at first, not only refused both name and address, but advised the others to do thesame. Garrettmadeoverturestohimto "square" it, as the case as it stood 'would do him no good. MrTS. Caroline George said, she distinctly felt Edwards's hand in her pocket, and sawv her drawing her hand out. Riem-F Charles Wales, a jewveller of *J2, Ludgate-street, said, about 2 o'clock in the afternoon the prisoner-s Boweres, and he thought Garrett, were in his shop, and whien they -were gone he missed a gold chronometer, value 251., from the 'workman's hoard, at the end of the shop, near -which they stood. The prisoners were remanded till Saturday. Bow-sT=EEr.-A ticket-of-leave man, named John Finn was charged, in conjunction with Henry Farley and Ann Taylor, with being concermed in several burglaries. An old woman named Hamilton (the mother of Taylor) was also a prehended, and subsequently admitted as a witness for MCrown. About a fortnight ago the male prisoners 'were observed loitering about Castle-street, Long-acre, in a manner which induced police-constable Holmes, F oO, to watch their movements. Be saw them beckon to the old woman, who 'was approaching them with a bundle; but, suddenly observing the officer, the male prisoners turned round and disappeared. The ceonstable went up to the woman, and, fmding two frockcoats in her possession, condacted her to the po lice station. He saw the girl Taylor in the neighbourhood at the same time, but she also disappeared on seeing the constable. The old woman, on being brought before the magistrate, stated that' Jack" (meaning Finn) was living with her daughter, and that they had brought home the two coats, with a quantity of other property, about daybreal-thatmorning. Theydesiredherto takesome ofithe things to Brokers'-alley, and made her do it by intimidation. The police searched the room where they had been all three living together, in King-street, Long-acre, and found a quanyofwe apparel and other property, some of avhchwsidntiiedas part of the p reduce of a burglary committed at the house of MWr. WV. Hammond, 3, Russell- square, during the previous night; the remainder being thei preduce of otherburglaries, includigone at theDispensinghouse at Eensington from which a quantity of clothing, belonging to -hrr.Beresford, the resident surgeon, a case of medical instruments, -the dining-room curtains, &c. were stolen, the whole being found inTaylor's room, exceptiag a set of spoons and a pair of boots, which the prisoners had pledged. Farley became implicated by the statements of the princinal witness respecting his share in the consultations and arrangements mith Finn and Taylor. The prisoner Finn was-only liberated on a ticket of leave on the 2d of May, and within three 'weeks afterwards he cmmitted four daring burglaries, besides nearly murdering a constable, who detected him sneaking into a jeweller'sshop, For this latter ofence he was committed from wrho saw Fancy there also. .. > me rported to the Hosofc,emite enoef4 1fAn.nonomUir-sTmlxr.maJohnn Norton, a -drover, -w sumoned before hEr. B^EADox, 'bharged bv the Royn - fSocietyf orthe Preveition ofCrueltyto 4nimaowithcruelt to a bullok.-L It appeared tlat the bulleok in question w idriven froli the new Cattlemarket on tshe 2on apzi., andof wen in. CSrzot' street one of itsthoofg was seen to drop off. -The &nimal although evidently' suffering intense agoiny, was driVer forwar until it fell down opposite Sir Benjamin Hah'f -esidence in Great Stanhape-street. The s stfferngs of ths -animal attracted the attention -of Iady FZI an aolc constAble was sdon.apprised of the occurroene. several attempts were made to p3ull - the animal on its. legs witlz ropes, but they all failed. 'One of the -ssitneles said, he saw the eyes of the animnal nealy startin out of -its hex4' with the agony it endured from one hoof bing entirely ofr,-- and the other hanging by a small piece of akin. It wA - found necessary to send for a slaughterm and to ldl -th anmal on the spot. - Mfr. BEAfloN, being of opinion that great ctluelty had beem - committed, but that others were more culpable thari the diefendant, ad;ourned the case, to give time to the societyto get at the real culprits. ,Mmyxn; orNq-An Italian, named Strini, was brought -before Mr. 1om\ by police-constable Saint, 183 D., upon X charge preferred against him by M1r. Charles Babbage, of 1> Dorset-street, Manchester-square, for having persisted i3 playing his organ, a large one, drawn b a horse, near his (complainant's) residence after behad een desired to g away. Ee was also chargedwith other improper behaviour. such as using insultin estures, &-., towards Mr. Babbage, The complainant and his servart gave evidence in supporl - of the charge made. Mr. LONG (to Mr. Babbage).-I must asL- you this questioa S1r,-What Was yourzreason for desiring him to removia from the vicnity of your dwellingl LTbis question was put in consequence of the wording oE a lauseinthePoice Actto the effect that anyhouseho er -nmight, in case of ilness, or for any other reasonable cause, - order street organists to desist frorm playing.] iM. Babbage.-I am engaged verymuch i literary ana sclentificpursuits, and these street organs-especiallylarge ones similar to that belonging to the pnsoner, and to each of which, owing to their weight, a horse is required to draw it;. -annoy andl inconvenience me greatly in the pursuit of ma studies; the nuisance of street 0oganplayers near my resdence has becomue quite intolerable Mrx. LoNG considered that complainant had good anit reasonable grounds for orderinsg the removalA of the "munssi c;an," and iined the jrisoiser lOs., or seven days' imprison ment; at the same time giving hlim (through an interpreter)s' to understand that if brought up again for a sim6ilar offenew he should he much more severely dealt with. WJ3anJsTAi - Yesterday Mr W. Harding, pawn-. broker, of 32, York-street, WVestminster, appeared to a.i summons before Mr. PAs?'TARS, in which he was chargeL.. with having unlawfully detained a medal for disinguishedt services (a Crimean medal), the property of James. .Langbourne, a private in the Grenadier Guards. The summons was taken out under the 92d section of thW Mutiny Act, passed in March last, which was to the} effect that any person knowingly detainingor receiving froriany soldier, on any pretence whatever, articles in references to soldiers' necessaries and stres, among wvhich were included medals, should be liable ton penalty of a sum not ex.- ceedmng 20., and to treble the value of all or any of thc several articles of which such person should become pos4 sessed. Mr. King, manager of the business of Mr. Harding, attended on lis behalf. Langbourne stated that he had not parted with the medal to any one. On the 4th of this month, after going offduty, be placed his jacket, on which was the medal, on a shelf isa the guardroom. When he went for his jackethe missed the medal, and saw no more of it til the foliowing moinmg,. when he found it at the shop of lMr. Harding. Mr. PAYA.TEm.-Did you see it in the shop window, or how did? you know it was in the possession of. tho dcefend ant ? Lingbourne.-I and Sergeant Jeff called on the defendantr to know if he had such a medal in his wssession. The nexb, day the medal was brought to the barracks, and wad given to Colonel Bruce, the conmnanding officer. lr. Xing said, that the owner of the medal came late at night, after the shop was shut up. He was not at home. A-- soon as he heard of the case, as the medal had been pawnec by one of the Grenadier Guards, he sent his son to point; out the man who pledged it, but he was not there. He went; again the next day and identified the man. Mr. PAy,TEP..-Is the man forthcomaing? Sergeant Jeffs replied that he was not, and that ho would be tried by a court-martial for the offence. iMr. PA1'3rER (to-defendant).-EHow came you to take itin? Mr. IKing said, hewas not- aware it was unlawful. Ira had been in business 40 years, and during that time had taken in. many medals. As soon as he found.it was illegal he gave orders not to take any more. When .the man., called forlhis medal he was told that a medal bad been leftIby a soldier. Mr. PAys'r..-What lathe value of the medal? SergeantJeffs said, 9s. Re added, that as the law rospecting such offences had been only recently passed, and asu it might not be generally known, Colonel Bruce requested that the magistrate wonld inflict a slight penalty. The defendant was fined in the mitigated penalty of 10s., three times the value of the article, and the costs - The fine was paid. SourwEnR. -Edward Taylor, a powerful-looldnl fellow, was brought beforo M1r. A'BECxmETr, chargd with attempting to murder Mathew Jacks by striking him over the head repeatedly with a large iron trivet in the -tap. room of the Old Margate Town publichouse, Bermondsey. In answer to the charge the prisoner said, he had received great provocation from several parties, and in the heat of passion he conmmitted the offence. Mr. ABEcK=r said that there did not appear tohlava been the least provocation, and, had there been, there was noo justification in his committing such a murderous attack' on the prosecutor. It was avery serions offence, for which he should commit him for trial.
SALES BY_ AUCTION. At the Pairt, This Day. WESSRS. NORTON. HOGGART, and TRIST 1Jbeg to inform the public that tbo various, PROPERTIM advertisei for SALE rat the Part, THIS DAY, at 12, will be offered in the foUlloing order, viz.:- 1. Shares in the Club Chambers Ansoniation, 15, Regent-strece, irx three lots 2. Sonthwark: Sufferance Wharf and BandingWarehouses, hnown as Cole'sWharf, situate in Shad Thames aud New-square. 3. lizhgate: Leaehold Family Residence. pleasure gmrunds, kc.- and a Cottage Residence and Garden, situate fronting the Archwayroad: intwo lots. C. Great Stanmare: Copyhold Reiddeane. vith gardens offices. sal land; and Freehold Cottages, gardens, stoacumaon's yard, &c.; in two Ilot-OlRrod,i;-street. Ir,ts,-OldEoad }Spanish and Ammeri a Flour. SSRS. FULLER and HOIRSEY vill SELL by 1 FAUCTION. at the Castle Taven, Mark-lane, onAforday. Juno 10. at 3 precisely. in lots, 2,S22 sacks and barrels of FLOUR : incltding 500 sacks Bpanish flour, ex Farereil from Santa,nder, and 2,322 bnrrels American dour, ex Devonshire, Armazon. Challenxge, Defiirce PyresdentFilimore, and Southampton. from ffew Yrrk. The wholo lying at Messrs Grove and Son's. Platform-wharf, RotberhitWe, wbere it rna3' be yieved in bulk. Samples mnay be seen at the onires of the nuctioneers. Catalozues may be had at the Cas!e, and of Mfers TFuller and Horsey. 13. Billiter-rtreet. city. Nod 18, Ciarem or-terrace, Ycntonville.-Moien,0 Touehold ea-ni- tore. TWo fine-toned Pianoforte;, ind EiRccs. J. LUCXIN will SELL by AUCTION, onthe 1R'remirses, a, abovo. on 1Vednesd.y,. Juoe 18, at 1, eni o HIOUSEHOILD FURNITURtE, comnprising a mrcsaive 6 feet 91nchr lionishmabrsa siebord.splndi maogany leo table. chaire conches, carpets, two brilliant-tened Pianofortes by eminent makers. mawhogany four post an d Aixhsa bedsteads, French ditto, beds and bedding. and the usual bed chamuber appendage, capital bhower bath. an tartlient medicine chest, and nu mlerous useful household effects. Maybe viewed the day previous and murnlng of sale, Cat4ilogues on threpremises; .aud Of the asuctioseer. 10. Iloeslbury. city. Public-house Fixtures and Fittings. a e motion Beer Mlachine, Cunter, and Effects. ]IL C. GARDINER wilU SELL by AUCTION, on lVLthepremises, Dover Castle, IPlumsccail.lKcrtnn Monday,June 16, at 12 punctuall. ail the FIXTURES and FITTLNGS comprising a 6- motionbecrunachine in3netal case, a metal. ton counter. rldrit casks, benches and beareis, gas fittings, partitions, tobves, covering of ekittlegrotsad,sldttle-frase. skitUStls clairs, tables and var2ous, otler effects. Mkfay be viewed the Saturday preceding and mncroin c s Fale: and catalognes obtained on the premises: and of thie auctinnepr. 17, Batten. garden. The premises mostbe cleared ,n the day of sale. Capital modern Fu-niture, removed from 32, Fin5hurv-ircus, f0 doza of WVine. six Stained Glass Windows, a -cctsve French Serapblne, 7-octave Piccolo Piano, double-action Harp, Clocks, Pictiur, a 3-.t. Iron Safe, Double Gu,m and various ERffects. MESSRS. JBULLOCK wfll SELL, at 1hei,s great , >ooms 211, JIich Holborn, To-morrow.at i1 o'clock capital HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE. includi,ng IclI-siredareaf,, -nd bedding. winged and single wardrobes, marbleo withastainds, v-wooel and walnutdrawing roon suites withourtains. chetforierF, cti%acAbineta, dinner tables. chairs in morocco. enclosed sidebeards, gas lal-ps, bal. kitchen, aidotherdomestic requisites inatundance; elasn410 piecesof papethTngings. Mlay be vie-ed and catalognesahad. Woodsord. Esiex within eight inulesof L,nidcir-.A o ir?tLease- hold Residence, uith coach-honse andstabling, gankln andpleasure ground. and scren acres of Meadow Lard. M/ [R. G. IR KNOBLE is directed to offer for SALE iS by AUCTION, at thelwlart, on Tuesday. Jure 17. at 12'cioLk, the LEASE of s truly des:rble FAMMILY RESIDEN C,. in good repair, and readyfortiunmediato occupation. Ileamsantly rilt:nste in George. lane, Woodford, within a very chart distance of tbe ltai!s Svtation:containing an entrance-hall. nble drawin anjd linling roLrn-, breakfast parlour. I0 excfellent bed chamber S tore anrd cra,'er closets, hitehen. dairy, laundry, and the reqnisito domnest:.c nilices; a good 'walled-tn garden, and seven ncr-s of meado land. .Uay be vieGed. and l,scriculaa-aobhained of JDO. Billing, Iimsq, X;lisp-traet, Ct1eiipside: an d at iMr. .Noblole offices, Woodlord, Genuine Sale of HIousehold Furniture-21. Old Rond.street4 1^hiTESSRS. TRIGGS will SELL by AUCTION, at IT MEr. Gro. Robinson's great Room, 21. OUond-;cet, on Tuesday next. June 17, at 12 precisely, a suipeior modern EQUIPMENT suitable for a first-las; residence; consisting *f Iceaut lounges chairs, and reclining ditto, in sl,t-1andmorocobcoverings:leo,occasional. and other tables. in walniit and rrevsood; an e2eelent setof Spanish maborany telesoopc dining tables 12:t by ft., twvo nobil sieboards, and a 7-f t wardrobe w'ith plate-GgiaS paneli, rn argany fcqurpost and Arabian bedstcads, with handsome corres and esrsi footboards, complete with furnitures, and eriellent clean btdding h'an'.etn, coauterpane;, quiltt, paillas<- inattressm- capital gooee fe..J.er leds, bolsters pillows, ses of chamber ware, g4;ases, fenders lire-iron, f.c. On view daturday and Monday next and moring of rMss citt lorgs attierinoms: and of theoa:utinncers. 20 Hiih-sEtaeet. Sontl'anit.un. Superior Modern Household Furniture. TwIvo L'nororet. *Y Welgei,od Basao-Relievos and Ornaments, splendid China Bowl and old China, and Effects, removed fromn Kensingtou ana B.arking. tR. E. THOMAS will SELL br AUCTION, atihis Al alr.35, Leicecter-sqoare, on Enoday cioning. .lone 16. at G, FUI tTMI'U 3tE, comprising a drawing ruoon suiyte of curtains v 'h gilO cnrnices for three windows, rosewood sAd c dntnUtree chairn. conches and easy chairs en suite, romewoad and walnut-tree leo and occasional tables, inlaid with marquetterie, three rosewood cheiffiters, ncurbloh tops and plateidass hacks. Brussels an-l otber carpets, rage to m.tch, chimney-glasses (60 by 50D in elegant gilt frames, mahogany cbairs in leather and hair cloth, couches and ea.y chbirs, pedewtal Fid' h:ord, twisss,bedsandbeddng,macc-top double and sngleXi: washrmaids toilet and cheral glasses. eustsi of draViers, handsomne hail lamP, Brussels stair carpet, oilloth, plated wvare, hrandsome irc-itone dinner dessert, and tea servies. ad kitchen resi. On view morning Of asle. and catalogues had at the rooms. Ulpboolsery and Cabinstmasere' Sl;-Th conequlenco of a Dirsolu- tionofPartnership, i-L CHARLES BARER ba been inEtructed by Mlesrs. Wilkie and Co. to STELL by AlUCTION, atthe Mannfactory, 20, Sa5u-street,z,lid(Ues.ex Hospital, onTaesday, .Jurc24.atl2 for, in coneequerce of a disolution of iartnership and rt-arrangement of the firm. the IATANNUFACTtFI)D STyC of this Ivelt-known firm; comprinix iron. mahogany, Arabilan. French, and four-post bedsteads audfuruitures. mahogazny and birch marble-top vashing and dressing table, toilet and eheval glawss, bed table, and ehest of drawers, 8-fect mahogany, 6-feet. and otber wardrobe, tlhree eets of dining room chair in morocco. a 7-feet 6 malhogany pedestal sideboard with nobleplate.-glassba ck-,mahoganydinnervwagtoarsSutberlandtabILo, easy chairs inleather. a9-fect6masrivema2oganylibrarytable,roewooed and walnut l1o, card, and ocasional 'ables, walnnt cheffonier, work tahles, teanoys, devonport, twnlarge 7-feetctufefdover conversatioli soya, in silk ad taPestry, two drawing-onom suites in silk. zo7ewood and walnut drawiug rm chairs, drawing rtorn eagy chains,etteces, conches, Ic-. and other items. 3faybe vieed the day prior, and catilognes had at tbe factory; and of the auctloneer, at his officez, 21, Jtoteomb-street, Belgrave-rsquare. Order ot Sale of the llicumnud Brewery. Inns, Publio-houses and Cottages, in IS lots. MR PIGGOTT is instreted by the Mortyagee,s under pover of sale, to SELL by AUI:ION, atthe i.art on Tuesday. Jane 17. at L the whole of this important POPELRT O I8l30tS, in the following orader :-At Riehmond.-Lot L The valuable and extentivlrevwerv and Premises w ith the fixed plant and machinery, Let 2. The Old Ship Commercial Lm. Lot3. The White CsTavern. LZt4 TheWbiteHart. Lot5. TboNewShip. Lotf6. The Prince's Head. Lot 7. An Undivided Moiety o. tbet Crickstcr, LotS. The Articboke. Lt 9. The RoresaidCrGox Lotle . Tho Tan n'Shanter. Lotit.Thefar-famedl oeb2ckleloteL Let12.'Th,TeNeYr Inn at Ham-common Lot 13. The Crchbonod at Xingston-op':arnmf. LotItTbeRaIbayTaveh.atSrrbitonbill. LoP15 The hte Horse, At HamptoL Lot 16. The Scvei Stars at Brentfri). Let,37. AFreebold Cottage in WbiteCross-r,ow, atRicbmond. ,4t38. A ditto adjotin,. The respective otnmy ba vieved by leave of the tennts alo b cads loe bd o th autineer. Particulars and cSonditaino may be h6ad at thie Marft;)of feasat ione.sad Paten3 nd Sn solicitors, 2. Crown -court, old Broad-street: of William Smyilie Req-; eoli,.itor.1, S er3e-streea. lisrn s-inXn: of Mfesss I. and C. Allen. r,oliciom, 17. Carlisle-street. Sobo; of Maeccia Tcoobe, PHalJovr~, asnd Pnrie. soieitoes, 39, Bedford-row; of Thomas Ifs faer lewis. iE4,, arehitect, a Jobsa.atrcetASdelobt t. Indeu: and of !.tv. tPirrott, ant. Iag r5f-Sigetts lebet rliufrey.
