DEATHS. On the 21st skt. at L Bath-terrace, Queen's-road, Peckham, M1rs. Harriet Bennett, aged 65, formerly of Ely. On t'he 26th ult., at Peckham, of croup, Arthur GoCet, youngest son of ConmanderJ. R.Woodriff, R.N., agedl y-earand 6 months. On the 2°th ult.. at his residence, Thurmaston Lodge, Leicestershire. apedSS, William Heyricc, Esq., Her Majesty's Constable of the Castle of Leicester. a Magistrate of the county, and for many years Deputy Chairman of the Quarter Sessions. On tne 28th alt. Charles Heygate, Esq., of West Haddon, Northamptonshire, in the 79th year of his age. On the 25th uot. at East-gate, TZnterden, Rent, William Grisbrook, F q., J.P., aged 55. On the 29th uit., at Kensington, Mrs. Harriet Laxton, late of Sloanestreet, aged 52. On the 29th uat., at Gosforth Homse, Northumberland, Thomas Smith, Esq. On the 25t.h alt., at Woolwich Military Academy, in his 16th year, Charles. Douglas Stirliug. only son of the late SylvesterDouglasStirling, Esq., o fGlenbervie, Stirlingshire. On tte 30th Iut.. at Dockhing Hall, Norfolk, in his 81st year, the Rev. Humplrey John Hare. On the 30th alt., Lucy Mfary, fourth daughter of M1r. 'Wornum, National Gallery. On the 30h alt. at Chirk Vicarage, of hooping cough and measles, Daniel Edward, third son of the Rev. Joseph Maude, aged 6 months. On ths 1st ilst, at Putney, Alexander Mitchell, deeply regretted by all r-ho knewv hiru On the Ist inst. at Prompton, Ars. Chenery, widow of the late John Chenery, F1:q., of Barbadoes, aged 56. On the Is' inst, Elizbeth. wife of Richadl Winch, Es., St. Margaret's Bank., Rochester, aged 63. Onthelstinst., at 17, Fitzwilliam-square east, Dublin, of fever. Maria Catherine Sandes, eldest daughter of the late lord Bishop of Cashel. On the Ist inst, at Darley House, Derbyshire, Jane Coryton. sister of the lite J. T. Coryton, Esq., Pentilie Castle, Comwall, of Cliff Cotrage, Dtwlish, aged 77. On the ist inst., at 18. Hialsey-street, Chelsea. Jane Elizabeth Harrisen, Late of Dover, daughter of Anthony Harrison, Esq., late of BarrartCastle, Durham. On Mlay-day, at the Dicker Parsonage, Sussex, of scarlet fever, Amy. only daughter of Henry Law and Emma Cooper, aged 1 year and 11 months. On the lst inst., at the residence of Arthur Smith, Fsq., Grove-terrace, ientish-town, greatly beloved and much lamented, EUen, the youngesit surviving daughter of the late Rev. Robert Black, for many years of St Andrew's, Holborn. On the2. inst.. at 31. Guildford-street, Russell-square, of laryngismus stridulus, Edward Cecil, youngest son of Johii C.sley, Esq., aged 18 months. On the 2(1 inst.. in her 22d year, Jane Mary, eldest daughter of WilUlam Henry Jackson, Fsq., of Wlton-crescent. Very carefully nurtured by a most exceUlent motherof blessed memory, fromher earliest childhcod her heart was set upon God.
QOUTH AJS-TRALlAN BRANKINa CoilMPANY, tco~S4-h Court of Directrs N-T EH uOR192V Zd'BILLr.upon the Company's Xtank, Adeli4e., at pr =Toed draftt negotiated and sent tot oollectiou. ak e with all the, Australiaz Colonies conducte,! through thLe Dak' agezta& Apply at the COompanys offlces 51 Old Elsre, odn flEPOST EAN~eiceatr.~i~Leiceater-squsae. Depsit Insus o no les han£1 rs eAs.a, ~jrusybe added Bill are ashe and advances made to t4wu3ther pseorsis, In sums inging from £0W to £1,000, repayabl-e wFithin three mornth,, or by lnstalments within a Year. a W. SEALE, Xanag,-r. Banksin Elad, Dr. Liabilities, To paid-p capital tle sret.n ohr 20O00 a0 To ;ut doe by Bank o" n ct7etalohrac- ...nt 1.0706,472 17 2 £I.3i 6,472 17 2 Assets.Cr :By Government and other securities, bills discounted, cash ln band, k&c "1 ARS374 6 47217 2 Haead olfice. Threadneedle.etreet., MaY 1. 1856. TPnE LONDON and ESENANIGCOR. POAII: establishedItJury180 HwAd Office, 27, Cano-sre, iy Eastern Branch, 44. itakine Hydepar Beurts136 Wetborue.terrsee, The on.JO tN CI)WAADE ERKINE. Chairman. Jobs Crna Mrri, Fq.,F.S*.DeptyChairman. CalAccounts,-yor sums deposited at l0dya? call, 5 per cent. Inki st;i allowed this rate is regulated by the discount rate of the Bakof England. Deposit Acoounts.-The feld forempIoyment of monsy afforded by thebranohes of this Rank In India enables the CorporAtion to allo GM deposits for lengthened fixed periods verY favourable rates of interest, Depositg are received for the taMted periods of one, three, or fiTe ?es.r certain, at 5 per cent, e annum, sad hbai yearly; for these doPos-its receipts ure given., masesta1ser abctifdesird JOHIN EDWA.RD ISTEPHENS, HaniaMe. ~Xand EASTERN BAN KING CORtTIN ncorporated. by Royal Chartsr.-The LDndon and Eastern orporation give notice of their having OPENE a BIAXOIIESTABLISHM FNp at Noe. 44. Mark-lane, in he mosedite iciity of the colonial. corn, and seed markets. The absece f ay bnkig accommnodation in this important locality has bee log flt,espcialyby the agricultural in ~erests , and, in thus endeaousng o met hatbaa been gener.ily admitted to be a, great commrcil neessty,the Directors look confidently for gupport from thee wo ae iterste intb,i conitinuance of suehan establishment. Byorder, J. E. STEPHENS. Manager. FIMIE BANK f EGYPT.-Ntice is hiereby given, thattheDirctos hve,pursuant to the provisions coutaimed in ABEa h hneso thesiCompi tany.fesrs t bey reonisd . Loit bardstret, o or efoe Saurda, th 31s da tof May. 1856.(n f dtheDirctos frthr gve otio. hatpoer ais given patoithemrb thesubcritiirs ontac orecgnie te tanserof anyut scrip pronvided the ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~n transferebnshmef yde,t b ervewan perfogm-a ditions of the subscriptionf tcontrart. ono efr hut dayCATO inofpoMay,e8d6 bey into Crthereucehit Banfor whCOMMENCbe oBtaINEd S onaplic .atiot the IsertofIary) a the pa hicuar offtheescrUp heh bydthem, withCannundstertakciny;to eaete the Iiterns squrces deedlo whe cled Cpovn tordosor . hucete-noutraserilbercg nised uti thAbovncall baebeen aid ine raeso 2pet oezthew b sares.e Teporarhe oficesn mofnthey baank,Geswharn-thoue Oaldnehsntbe ASeCloIOw(ncopoataytm uisted byRhalf er pharceter. whefnkte bqarne fis below INW. Acoventrystrileet Lmcster-squeachhle yard 30t o Jue iRd31TRM of Deeber.E aS Currenta Adcruntags.-Inadditiat thraeof pher boe-nntwied bied rat, of pon the minimumun montbly balances when teqbalante hrfis nad othbee belw £00 t ny imeduingthehal yar;1 ereaIpr cent,.he thelo balace s blow£30. Aeuon'lib maeupeach thalf-wd yea tend of Dece awasmbermov wth Moneyt wOf Js bad recivedonditiontforteaov-ae fixedpeida rates tofb onte Bumn mothybaane GE3G HMEquaSt thneprofitanaidtoter Uhrhler,yn 1,7 per cents. , ano.trkcy.3v & DeOsitERCAcc Lus, BANKtfom£ and upwrd w1illbAeND ao]DepSTICT.ail Canada:inte rretalloed theeo act 1f Percent, below th ate ofudscount Acts lmtheBnk iblt of Enln.bttemaximuar nolde to doucee5 pher cent.ofThis srateeo.intreset excedsupthaptalloe by the0 Bavriags t bane iiwhineathedsytoipeet thX adtinaGdvntg ta teamouant, depsimqprted oraniar thereo sican awayihs beremoe with-ur Mefloneyawi lpaye reeied ona deposaitufralxcdpeiTded, at rates ato- By_ to rder. Gt_er E CHMBR,neerimaagr C Shie oans Act ir-bulidamer 1t Cau ob-ainee t, city. Manyinc18as. CoftempltUEromIAL, stAlnK o 00 of the hicadLAtinDa andth shaehoe Can ar da:inc optiona by Atakof Parlousiament,182 of obpecqentoi Aets, liiinher laiitefoahshrhldrf Thl~e heLu amountyofrhs shareesto Presaentsaid-u ciapiitale£of,th0 Thnkis seanfowas incoerporaetedsi 1832 sincehe it hal esbeen inat,aftpaigadvdn ttert f8 per cent.4er annum.th umo sum £2 C&20,0 rem-tinsdstil ueiadded t the remaner hve ingee ahill otte trom the hreodesatin poa.sventy oftheoptonyo takng ah bonu inemoned of 8 poercent,inao lieuteefacue led noeain swua h The bat hacr-yeaiof strademenatiof th assethean lipablite of the r BakWs, greatefrt bningth prospitects, bye wiheritwiveycllbse that; andtr payingtha dvdemnd at the propted ofSe ncrenther cannum, bythe saumo £1f,116 femaiding 1e i ned propriatdedt thearese. elmt,wiho th hghromthe row onyingrseiyo the colony, and the grnrleatlodemndo &7 orcaddtoa capital rqe for publitandcwommrksa pnrwprogress, andceth threctproscton offrts imanfcuresI anlrady in moperatio,a weoll a the meet thsoemn w ith wis broposed to inreaserthe cuapia byr thc paue Pof thpe seain 1,10 uniapp ropribyAte ofhares. ent The ishueeof stareh ine 18or was absrbed. byte shardineholader,but the highd prat of money in th colony, an thee gterlne.ral employmentof DnI tetr divoffer( this ssu in Englans, at pai moeat te paremium, thes making theestock to Engli~h holders virtuallyzasterling one. Share to the number of 5.CcO, carrying dividend from the dates of paymuent, are now ffeed t th pulic t apremum f lper coat., or £22 Mi. id. stelin eah, ithibeopton o te apliantof taking, on or before origial sbscrptio: £5per hare o bepaidat te tie ofapoilica-' Eon,andthe alace n th 21t o May whn te cetifcats of the No, further isa-je of shae wil take place before the 1st of Augus Next, The shares will be transferable, and the dividendspaid at the agency In London, without expense, The followin g entlemen. Directors of the tendon Joint-stock Bank, or ay to o t~e, hve eendulyautorieitto allot shares, register William~ird, aq. I illiamJames Lancaster, Faq. Li ENEA BAK. of SWITZERLAND). (Cr6dit IntenatonalIfoilleret Foncder.) Soci6t;6 Anonyme: Limitfed Liailiy. apial 0.00,0L(£2,400,800). in shayes of250f. (£10) eachi. The hare wii beIsse in three equal series. Thne first series of 20,000,000C or -C'00.000. in 80.000 shareof 210f. or £10O each, is nuow for subgcription. 20.000 of these shares basing beenalreadyu~Od for in Geneva, GD.00 only can now be offered to the public in England, Prance, and Switzerland COUN,CIL of ADMIISTRAlTION. M. Le Due do Lorgeg, Paris AL te Marqisui -Xicolay. Paris Sir Robert Walter Car-3cn, Chairman of the City Bank. tendon IL Adlh FieeesVses ai M. CarDu.AceDietudeIz Banrque Gdnfrale SLmole IL Droi, fills~, Ancien Sous-Directeur doe laEanque Gilnfrale luinse Josephi Fsdailv, Fee,. Director of the London and Westmimter Bank M- James Fazy. Prleident du Consel d'Etat de G.lnfse AL, Gustave do Femex, Banquerf .1Turin MI. To Chevalier Blanc de Fernex. Rentier. Tuirin Charles Gilpin. Faq.. Director of the South-Eastern Ralway Edmund F, Goldamid. Esq.. Paris M1.C. Kohler, Banquier et Adm,inistrateur du Chemin do Fer de Lyon is Gilulve LMe Mulilnid Ain6, Nilgocint, Ancien Priladent do Conseil d'Etat Md. LeVir,omtL Hntteaud'OrignY, P'aris AL, Charlvs!bazchi, Paris W-.Scliolefield. Esq., M1IP.. Chairman of the Bank of Birmingham John Stewart, Esq., Director of the tendon and Westminster Bank M1.Auguste zoon do Ves-rie. Vice-Pr.lsdent do in Sociit,l Anonymae tiea M1ines dots Mayen Mt dotsa Sarthe. Ofies of the Bank In Paris 30. rue Louis le Grand. Bankers in tendon-The City Bank, ad London and Weatnilnster Brokers-Messrs Sheppard and Sons. 2M Thredneducile-strest, ten- don; Aleeves, Carden anid Whitehead. Royal Exchange-buildings, T he shares are to bearer alter payment of 125 franca or £SZoin each 3share. The second and third series of shares wil be issued when the business of the Bank requires an increase of capital. The holders of the capital shares of the first seriesame entitled to subacrbe for two-thirds of the shares of the second series at par. The hiolders of the capital shares of the first and second series are entEtlted to suhscriba for two-thirds of the shases of the third series at par. The statutes have already been duly sanctioned and homologate by the Government. IFs roeveiyeshar twohertifictes will bhe Dissedoetor bet called the "Action desarvea,u or certficate frtepresenting capital3 ouyeawhich tehlcapital aabenpid Laoffntitlotheboler eto divcaidedsoly.aresch other, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~nd nte aerane it sprovded y th stautesthatthe irectorsdsalltedthapat an t the hal captal wih a onu of 5 prcet.he capiatalghaes ofaatoe as te pymen cfthebend offorign ailaysis cnduted that isntor say,by nnul dawigs.The"Acien dojoueace"arind Swtherman tie,asteor satd,enitedtoth nt roit o te ndrtang The chief office Is at Geneva, and branches will be established in England, France, and Sarints. In te ciy ofGenea alne,herether isa vat amouant of capital enggedin ouneomercal ntepries,theGenralBank of Swvitzer- camank inl restabihet, wil teansurwtothFelBankdf witbeerland. sidranble. The manufactorlcsof wa,tches andijewellery established at Geneva and Neufcl,..tte1 annuallyemnploy an amount of geld estimated at nearly l00.000,00Of. I£4.000,0O0l. This demandis principall suppliedl by the importations of gold from California adutait odn The payent Of dividends (at a fixed exchne of2,fr£stlig wui atae Place every six moniths ; they wilt bepi t h ed fi siid atthe difrerent branches, on presentationo h arns The sharesawifllbenominati-,e or toberr tteoto ftehrholders ; thiey wil be delivered inexhnefrtebnrsrcip showing the paymnent of the first ins'taunent o 2f £1o ahsae The Company being a Scciitt Anonymeno dee ilhv ob ind Applications for shares mnust be made toonoftebkrsfth snreontheDneuarsberm of sAre ppliedio for Snexhanges frwhcae ceit wll e g oef the Goneyrthu paid ofnwitzebelappid towards Ithera and he rsidu oftuchinsalmlblen t wil beoepaal o h alt returned to the s.pplicathtinafklt. sum f £ o yur cedi, I estyou illallot me shares of 250 Dated this Addrce~ ~ ~ ~ ~ a d t ]A-NK ofSWTELNNfo BL shares will be rceiedclterTuedayoth CIRCULARL LETTERS of CREDIT of ,£ and £10O each GRAMNED to travellers proceeding to the continent of Europe and else,where, Payable at aLl t-he Principal cities without deduction. yoreign money of every country supplied at the bullon and bsnki L20clv, 79, lonbard-Itroet, AD)AUSI jBILU_Uf,m and Co, E,,,osnaatrectt E1TRE' 1.7=54'2'0 L1FE A,5BASr iTIE GNER LLIFE ASSUItANCE.-Every .LL decritio ofoeaurance effected, 23,PPal-mall,od.W. BRIDGES. Sec. ROYA ROYA NAILITARY E AST E IA Band GENERAL ASSURAINCE S8IBTiy. Instt Dth erI3,totditu the yoeina6srac fsel Soe epcalyt the nave and array gwL w r JOrs JiMi,. flEnce 13, Watlopac al-ml ESNGLISH annd CAMABRIA ASSURANCE SOCIETY.-Notice.-The HALF-YEARLYB DIVIDENDS on the Capital Stock of this Society will be PAYABLE on and after Wedneesy, the t0th, at the Chief-office, 9, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars. BONUSS SlEEPNG, 1855. MUTUAL LIFEa and GUARANTEE EOII, 3-loorg NCDIEeTNY, 63e diisonraesre.A h iWnof profits on the 2d ofJuly, a B0.6U wma DECLARBED averaging 29i per cent. on premiums paid, ra reduction of 27 per ent frothe annl premrnmm until next nbnur GEORGE WILSON, Chairman. GNGLISH WIOOWS' FUND, 67, Fleet-5treet Piresident-HR.H. the Duke of CAMBRIDGE. KRG. Annuitlies granted on particularly favourable t-rns, and every de. scriptiop of life assurance transacted. JOHN P. COX, Secretary. THE GENERALLIFE and FIRE ASSURANOE .&COMPANY. EsMblihe 1837.ie E1powered Eby special Act of Psrllament-62. Kingg WIlliam-street, Lonnon. Lo-rates, and the payment of po lis guaranteed by a capital of Loans from £100 to £1000 ance on pernonal securitya ad the deposit of a life policy; s loans reaybl IeraY l n three years. by halfyearly instalments __O I -RICE, Secetaryy tHE ASYLLMJLIFEEASSURANCE OFFICE, 72,12 Cornhill, hondon: establishedd 182 Policies on healthy and disea sed -es, at home and abroad, for civil, military, and navat employments. lrhe offlcc being on purely proprietary prnciples, no partnership among policy holders is involved. For prospectuses, proposal papers, Icc., apply to MAhLEY HOPhlNS,IS esident Director. BPECIALI NOTICE. LERICAL, MEDICAL, and GENERAL LIFEN ASSURANCE SOCIETY, 99, Great Russell-street, BIoomabury London~. Sixth Division of Profit-All persons who awhure on the partid- ating scale tefore June 30, wvll be entitled to a share of the sixth wnns whih will be declared in January. 1857. Proposals shot lco beforwarded to the oice before the let June nxet. The Thirty-irst Annual Report can now be obtained (free) of the Society's agents, or of GEORGE H. PInCEARD, Resdeent Secretary. UNJ LIFE ASSURANCESCIETY, London.- Ic Policies effected withb this Society now wrill participate in four fiths, or S0 per cent., of the net profits of the Society, according to the conditions contained inttheESociet''s prospects. The premiums re- qLtrrdey this Society for insuring young lives are lower than In many other old-established offlces, and insurers are fully protected from all risk by an smile guarantee fund in addition to the acc ulated fund derived fro investments of premiums Policy stamps paid by the office. Prespectuses may be obtained at the off ice in Threadneedle-street, London. or of any of the agents of the Sodety * CE l CHARLES HENRY QUITY and LAW LIFE ASSURANCE SOE EIUTY, 26, Lincoln's-inn-fields. London. Exaples of the Bonus upon Pocciies declared to the list Dee., 1054-- Date of Policy 1ithM,talch8I5 24th April, 1845 7t7th No,18,1. Ago atent I 30 42 451 Anua ree m £25 7 6 £55 16 S ;649 8 4 Sum assured £ £1.000 00 £1,000 0 0 X£.O00 00 Bnnuas added 157 10 0 £1 1 0 0 £1100 Forms of proposal, prospectuses, and every information, may be had nPon written or personal application to the offcce. Esbablished 1818. VICTRIALIFE ASSURANCE COM1PA-NY, 8o. 1, Ringnlliam-street, Mansanionhos, city. Life assuranes of every description effected. Half tbe annual premmaybegiu min maye pai dusin the feafveyers One-third may remain onnredit doowng the vhole of life. Endowment assurances, payable at 50,55,.660, &c Loains to asurer s on person al or otheh scr 80 per cent, of profits go to assurers on the benus scale. The last bonus averaged 53 per cent. on the premiums pid beASSURANCE SOCIETY ( tinre oorpor arers the following adv nage Policies certain and absolute. All desm-iptionsnof risk couneededitth life. Policy stamps and medical fees paid by the Society. Two-thirds of the premiumsmayoremain unpaid. Notice of rassigments received and registered. .Lon on pneronl andty anher approve d seCaourityThe Directors making thmo ne a a c hAvlso to informA te public tha t the expenses of t heof onc e are regulated by the tritc test economy, and that they are thereby en abled wihpefc safety to exercis great literalitt tooraarrd solitors and others introducing assurances. Offices, 35, Strand . T. H. COOPER, Actulary. U N=ITY GENERAL ASSUJRANCE ASSOCL&. Directors of Xoitinltuithis Assoctationaro CneUnAreLtouf rctyTeinAPIAI forLOANS, varyingfrom10o3,,om £100lm to£2,00,on eligble eronlrote semiiicurites,Ion cueinithlifeaso.T e nnadraUnte h oslealn wh ich guide thheirectorsare: I The respectability of the application. IL The undoubted responsibility of each proposed surety. These considerationsbeing provided for, advances will be made for L Any period from three months to five years ILl Awcrate amount of insurance. LLr Five perrcent. perannut interest Applications for prospectuses, forms of proposa, and all other infor matioa are requested to be made to THOIAS H. BAYIS, Managing Director. oP ICE-B -ons 0f 1S66. THE SCOTTISH NATIONAL INSURANCE COOMPANY (estabIlshed 181), 9., Lombard-street, London. LONDON BOARD of DIRECTORS. Csarles Cowan, Esq., E;?. George Hay DonaIdson. Esq. (Mlessrs. Donaldson, Lambert, and .) ToaSmth,Eomasss mith, Fa Sees arnand Smith) Psoposals for life assu rrance madebeftorehethofMay next will entitle parties to share in the sixth division of profits to be delcled in tobrfoiowing, althoughonly only e 'prmiummay have beenh re ceived. Examples under new Table of tateg recently issued. Ages. A nnual Premiums for First Year for an Assurance of £f000 25 £8 12 6 so 10 1 3 35 11 10 0 April 15. WM P. CLUIEHUGI. Se. 8!dMILY ENDOWINENT LIFE ASSURANCE 1 a ANaUIETY SOITY, 12. Chatham-place, Blackfrias londonn: established 1815 . Capital £1000 DIRECORS. WILLIAMR BUTTEI ORTHBAYLEY Fsq} Chairman. JOHN FULLER, EsqE, Deputy-(airmnn. uajorLewis Bu rrughs Carles Henry Lat4ucbe, Fqq. Robert Bruc= Bruce Cihestr, Fzq. Edward Lee q. D. NI Gordon, Ess. Colonel J . W.. J. Ousel e Lieutt.-Co . H. B.zer4 Hedronhu Joshuar, Ws keq. q An annual bonus is allowed to parties who have adlvau payments on policies taken out on the profit scale. That for the current year is 20 per cent. in reduction of the premium. X=vEnt33dowmentsadsnitic granted as usual, India Branchh TTe extensiveaurance busine ss of t the Agra and Unted Eervice Bank baas been transferred to tis office, and the Society has branch e stabli shmnt or a gencies at Calcutt a. Madras, Bombay , annd Agra. JOH ZENOVE, Secreta ry LERGY M UUA E ASSURANCE SOCIETY. o Office3 , Broad Sanctuary, Westminster, (near the wet entrance to Westminster Abbey.) Establishedin 1828 PATRONS. His Grace the Arehbisbop of CANETERB .Y. His Grace the Archbishop of YORK. resident-The Right Hon. and Riht Rev, the Lord Bishop TRUSTEES. The Bishop of London I The Bihop of Winchester. The Bishop of Durham I VICE-PRESIDENTS. The Bishops of beth P rovinces I The Archdeacon of Canterbury. The Dean of Canterbury I COUNCIL of REFERENCE. The Archbishops of Canterbury and York, The Bnshops of London, Durham, and Winchester. DIRECTORS. Chnaima-The Archdeacon of LONDON. _ Depu t-Cb hIau-. . Y. WIOLLASTON, Fiq., M.A. Be vevS. 5.M1. Aindesn S A C toe her Hodgson Faq, o EA Sir E. Antrobus Bat t N A R Jov Jennings. J5LA. Rev. G. E. B1ouAii Id,iLA. Rev. John Letts, AiLA The Dean of BrisoL The Dean of iincoln. Rev. B. W. Browne, M.A. Rev. Henry Mackenzie, AL A. Bey. A: L Campbell, CIa.A. The Archdeacon of Maidstone. The Dean of Chichester. The Dean of Manchester. Richard Clarke, Fsq. Rev. Ev an Nepean, M.A. Rev.R . H. Dicknson, ALLA. w. E. Page. sq., 3 LD. N. B. Edmotone, Faq. Rev. William Stone, M.A. The Archdeacon of essex. Charles Sumner. Esq., LALA. Robert Few, Es q. Rev. Wimiam Webster, LLA. Rev. Temple Frere, h. A. Rev. S. C. Wilks,1 NLA. Rev. J. D. Olelnnio ',A A. The Archdeacon of Winchester. Solicitors-Mfessrs. e e and Bolton, 2, Broad Sanctuary, Westminster. Bankers-Messrs. Coutt andCo. Consultmg tActuary--Chalesl nseli Fsq., F.R.S. Pbysi ain -Dr.Babington, 31 George-street, Hanover-square Secretary-Rev. Nohn Modgson. hILA. Assistaut Secretary-William Webb, EFq. Assurances may be effected or. lives survivorehips,&c.,to any amount not exceeding £5,000, by clergymen, by the wives, widows, and children of clergymen, by the near relations of clergymen, and also of the wives of clergymen, The principle of the Society is that of pure mutual assurance. There are no proprietors, and the protits are the sole pro- perty of the assured, and are divisible among them every fifth year. A divsion of profits will be due on the lst of June, 1856. The amount now assured upon life ia the Society is upwards of £2,400,000; the annual inceme of the Society is upwards of £96,000; and the total capital of theSociety,ilvestedinthe namnes of the BishoD of London, Duriam, and Winchester, is upwardsof £6f0,100. Prospeeuses to be had at the ofhice of the Society, and applications made to the A9sistant Secretary as above. S ALARIED AGENTS REQUIRED, by the British Nation Life Assurance Association. Amount of salary regulated byamountof business guarauteed. Termz lberal. EDWARD BAYLIS, Managing Direor and Actuary, 35, Cranbourne-street, Leicester-square. IHE TIAMES ASSURANCE COMPANIES, 32, X _ Ludgate-hiD. London. fe Assuranee, Fire Assurance, Annuity axd Endowment Policies IL B. ESHERIDAN. Managing Director. pLATE-GLASS INS URANCE.-Riotous Breakage of Windows.-The TIMES ASSURAANCE COMPANY, 32, Ludgate-hill London.-Every description of plate-glass insured at this office. Damage done by the riotous proceedings of mobs can be covered by thi Company's olicieS. Forms of proposals sent by post. S ECURITY to EMPLOYERS.-To Secretaries of , Public Institution3, Clerkg, Station Masters. Railway Clerks, Ti-avlierse Collectors, and othern-The TIMES COMPANY. 32. Ludgate-hill, afford3 guiarantee to persons requiring the same at the lowest possible rate. TsEPOSITS received at 5 per cent. er annum at the D IFE ASSURANCE TRAAS Y. Chairman-The Right Hon. the Earl of DEVON. Prespectuses, forms of appiHcation for shares, and all information may be had at the offices, 6. Cnon-street west, city. 0. H. LAW, MIanager. COANS, from £020 to £1,000 maybe arranged, for L one, two or three years-dU W 5NATIONAL LIFE ASSR ANCE and MOAIN COMPANY, 484, Oxford-street, Bloomsbury. Office homsrfrom 9 tou 6 clock THOMNS BOURNE. Resident Secretary. SURETIES NOT REQUIRED.-LOANS on per- sonal security from £10 upw ards ame made to Government officials clerks, and others, by the LONDON LOAN COMPANY, 356. Strand. For the pulblic convenience the ofces are kept ooen on Tuesday and Saturday evenings, till 8 o'cloc}, Pesopectses and forms on application to ROBERT STEERS, 31anager. AFIXED ALLOWANCE of £6 ger WEEIK, in A] case of Injury by accident of any descrip on, or the sum of £1,000 in case of death. may be secured by annual payment of £3 for a Polcy in the RAILWAY P& EGERS? ASSURANCU COMPANY. A weekly allowiance of Is. for Inury, or £100 in case of death, secured by a payment of lOs. 3No char-'e for stamp duty, Forms or propshal, prospectuses. esa., may be had. of the agent.s of the clerks atall theprincipal railway stations, ad at the ead offce, ltondon, here also railway accdents alone maY be iured against by the jouVey, oriby the year, as heretofore. ltailv;ayFassengera' AsserancCompany,emporeredlbya SpecialAict of Parliament: olilce, 3, Old Broad-street; L,ondon. WLIAM J. VIAN, Secretary. fiNTERNATIONAL LIFE ASSURAwNCE .k60CITETY, 142. Strand.-Ca ital Investmcnt.-200 SHARES for SALE, £4 per shar-e paid up. These shares are paYing £5 percent. per annunm clear of income-tax. Appsly to C. J. Chesehyre, Faq., solicitor, Cbeltenbam. ^fONEY I13ESTED in the PURtCHASE of 1V RAI UWAY, Mining, Bank, and other Stock, on imperfect or insuficient information, frequently results in serious loss. Completo and reliable information can be acquired by those only who make such matters a special business. Mfr. G. J. Pouchee, sharebroker, Comahillchamber fers his ershevices toparties 3 seeking inveStmentS, for w cso guidance hie will at all times furnish accura,te details as to the existin" condition anduture prospects of tbe various undertakings. Raliwa y and.miningagrary, C rnhjll-chambes ,St. M ichael's,42, CorahlliL
,_Frm Mc LONDON GAZETTE of Friday, May 2. _9 ADMIRALTY, MAY L Her Majesty having been graciously pleased to signify 'her intention of granting the " Sebastopol" clasp to the officers and crews of Her Mfajesty's ships employed in cooperation with the land forces in the reduction of Sebastopol as well as a clasp, bearing on it- the word " Azoff," to the officers and crews of Her Majesty's vessels employed in the Sea of Azoff, the Lotds Commissioners of the Admiralty h hereby give notice of the same. The period for which the "Sebastopol" clasp is to be awarded for services as aforesaid, dates from the 1st of October, 1854, to the 9th of September, 2855. The " Azoff" clasp will be awarded to the officers and crews of such ships as served in the Sea of Azoff between the 25th of MIay, 1855, and the-9th of September, 1855, as well as to the officers and men who were employed in the boats of line-of-battle ships which took part in the operations against Taganrog, or elsewhere within the Sea of Azofft In casa3 in which officers or men have been engaged in any expedition or operation in the Sea of Azoff after the 9th of September, 1855, the period for which the " Azoff" clasp is to be awarded will be extended to the 22d of November, 1855, and the service for which the same is claimed must in such cases be duly certified. DOWNING-STREET, ArrL 30. The Queen has been pleased to appoint H. J. Whitney, Esq., to be Harbour-Master of Georgetown, in the colony of British Guiana. BOAPR) OF TRADE, WHITEHAIAL, APRIL30. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Comnmittee of Prigv CounCil for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Ambassador at Paris, enclosing copy of a French Imperial decree, fLxing the import duty upon cocoanut cordage and fibre at the same rate as that levied upon cordage and st¶ped plaits of Spanish broom.: The Right Hon. the Lo s of the Conunittee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Mlajestv's Ambassador at Paris, enclosing copy of a French Imperial decree authorizing the admission into France, free of import duty, of iron ribs for strengthening and connecting beams in shipbuilding. MAY 2. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Consul-GeneralatLeipsic) stating that the prohibition of the transit of arms and ammunition through the Prussian dominions has been removed. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of the Privy Council for Trade and Plantations, have received through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a dospatch from Her Majesty's Consul.General at Venice, reporting the cessation since the 25th of April last of the reatrictionas imposed within the Austrian Customs' League upon the exportation of grain and flour and of articles manufactured of them. The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of the Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Ambassador at Constantinople, reporting the entire removal of the restrictions upon the export of grain from the Turkish dominions. WHITEHALL, APRiL 28. The Right Hon. Sir John Jervis, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of Her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, at Westminster, has appointed Edward Allen, of the city of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, gentleman, to be one of the Perpetnal Commissioners for taking the acknowledgments of deeds to be executed bymarried women, under the act passed for the abolition of fines and recoveries, and for the substitution of more simple modes of assurance, in and for the county of Lancaster. THE ECCLESIASTICAL COMMISSIONERS. By an order in Council dated the 28th of April last, Her Majesty has been pleased to approve of a scheme of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners empowvering them to sell and convey to any purchaser all or any of the lands, &c., heretofore belonging to the Prebend of Gates, in the Cathedral of Cbichester, but now vested in them, the said Commissioners. And by anotlier order of Council, of the same date, Her Majesty las been pleased to approve of a scheme, with a schedule and map thereunto attached, for constituting a separate district for spiritual purposes, to be named the "V istrict of Dylife," to be included in, and form part of, the deanery of Ceifiliog, and of the archdeaconry of Montgomery and diocess of St. Asaph. WAR DEPARTMENTT, PALL-MNALL, MAY 2. 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards.-Thomas Wiliam Sneyd. gent., to be Cornet, by purchase, vice Alfrey, promoted. 6th Dragoon Guards.-Sergt,-Major WiUiam Wallace Grabam. from the 17th Light Dragoons, to be Comet. without purchase, vice Petrie, promoted; Comet William Vallace Graham to be Adjt., vice StiLlman, who resign.. the Adjutancy only. 9th Light Dragooas.-Comet William Tomkyns has been permitted to retire from the service by the sale of his commission. 10th Light Dragoos.-Harry Panmure Gordon, gent., to be Comet, by purchase, vice Yb-se, promoted. _ 1Lth Light Dragcons.-Henry Joseph Toulmin, gent., to be Comet, by purchase, vice Clarke, promoted. Coldstream Guards.-Lieit. and Capt. the lion. K W. J. Byng to be Capt. and Licut.-CoL, by purcase, vice Brevet-CoL DanielL, who retires; Ensign and Lieut. e. E Rose to be Lieut. and Capt., by purchase, vice Hon. K W. J. Byng. Scots Futsleer Guarda-Windsor Charles Carey Elres, gent., to be Ensign and Lieut., by purchase, vice BeresfordL promoted. 8th Regimenit of Foot.-Serj.-Major Andrew Moynihan, from the 90th Foot to Ensign, without purchase, vice Stoney, appointed to the 11th FGoot. 11th Foot.-Lieut. Thomas Davies, from the Nottingham Mitia, to be Ensign, without purchase. 16th Foot.-Ijeut. WiLiam Shearman, from half-pay 91st Foot. tobo ieut., vice Higginson, appointed Paymaster; Ensign Y. H. L. Bloyle tobe Lieut by purchase, vice Slhearman. whoretircs; Albert Neame, gent., to "ensign, by purchase, vcoe Moyle. 15th Foot.-Lieut. William O'Bryen Taylor tobe CaPt.. by purchase, vice Stephenson. who retires; Lieut. E. Christian Wilford has been permitted to retire from the Eervice by the sale of his commission. 3Sth Foot.-The appoitment of Quartermaster-Sergt. GeorgeBlurton to the Quarterroasterohip to bear date 27th of July, 1885, instead of Ith of February, 1856. 48thFoot.-Capt. John Shearnan, from half-pay 7th Foot, to be Capt.. repaying the difference, vice AmieL who exchanges; Lieut. HenryRlchmond Hoghton Gale to be Capt., by purchase, vice Shearman, who retires. 59th Foot.-Lieut. James Dillon Macnanara, from the 2d Lancashire Militia, to be Ensign, without purchase. 75thFoot.-Lieut. Edward Armstrong, from the 10th Foot, to be Lieut., vice Daniell. promoted, without purchase, to an Unattached Company; Lieut. Richard Barter tobe Adjt., vice Miles, vho resigns the Adjutancy only. 83d Foot.-Ensign Charles C. Gore, from the 21st Foot, to be Lieut.. by purchase, vice Meade, promoted in the 30th Foot. 88th Foot.-Capt. John iWCourt, from half-pay Gold Coast Corps, to be Capt., vice Kemny. vho exchanges. Royal Canadian Rifle Regiment.-Richard William Barrow, gent., to be Ensign, vice Mdarson, promoted. St. Helena Regiment-Second Lieut. George Stciapole Furnell. from the Limeric'k City Artillery Miltia, to be Ensign, without purebase, vice Kentish, appointedtothe 46th Foot. Royal Newfoundland Companies.-Ensign Arthur Bambrick Mitchell, from the Sooth Mayo Mlitia, to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Daly, promoted. LAND TRANSPORT CORPS. Thomas Bryson, Fsq., to be Paymaster. UNATTACHED. Lieut. Charles Augustus Daniell, from the 75th Foot, to be Capt., without purchase. HOSPITAL STAFF. Staff Assist.-Surg. Wiliam Henry Day h as been permitted to resign his commission. BREVET. To be LIETIENAUST-COLONEL in the Army. Brevet-Major John Shearman, 48th Foot. To be MDJORS in the Army. Capt. John Shearman, 48th Foot. Capt. Thomas Bytbesea Mortimer, 76th Foot. The undermentioned officers having completed three years' actual service in tlse rankl of Lieutenant-Colonel to be promoted Colonels in the Arny:- Lieut.-Col. Joln Yorke, C.B., Ist Dragoons. Lieut.-Col. John Daniel Dyson, 3d Dragoon Guards. COMMISSIONS. Signed by the Lor.D-LiuTrNnT of the County of STA.FORD Queen's Own Royal Regiment of Staffordshire Yeomanry Cavaly.- William Debank Sneyd, gent., to be Cornet, vice Smith, resigned. By the LoRi-LISuTEA_ST of the County of ESSEX. West Esse. Militia.-Albert lVilliam Mloncy, gent., to be Ensign, vice Gilbert, promoted. By the LoRan-LixuTsuANT of the County of M1orosoiuir. Royal Alonmouthsbire 1l1ilitia.-George Arthur Lloyd, gent., to bO Lieut., vice Laurence, deceased. By the Lon-LrnurEsTuANT of the County Palatine of LANCcASrTER. 4th or Duke of Lancaster's Own (Light Infantry) Royal Lancashire Militia.-Ensign Mlark Quayle tobe Lieut. from the 22d day of March last, vice Betham, appointed Paymaster. William Sby Fraser Taunton, gent., jun., to be Ensign from the 4th day of April, vice Quayle, promoted. By the LorD-Lnxx11SxT of the County of SoUTHsMtroN. Hampshire Militia Artlllery.-Second-Lieut. James James to be First-Lieut., vice loffat, resigned; George Mansel, gent., to be SecondLient.. vice Dawrson, promoted. By the LoRn-rLsnrUTErrArr of the County of LrrccoLa. Royal South Lincoln Militia.-John Rowlanison Awdrey, gent, to be Ensign, vice Ingram, promoted. By the Lonw-Lrsrraas- of the County of BA.ss7. Inverness, Barnff, &c., or 76th Highland Liglht Infantry Regiment of Militia.-William James Gcaat, gent., tobe Capt., vice William Grant, resigned. This " Gazette" contains notices that the following place have been duly registered for the solemnization of marriages therein:- Swedish Protestant Church Princesesquare, St. George-in-the-East. Baptist ChapeL Huddersfleid- Breck Chapel, Poulton-le-Fylde, Lancashire. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVIED. Crabtree and Smith, Burmley, powerloom cloth manufacturers.- S. and J. Taylor and H. Rockliffe, Haughton, Lancashire, cottonspinners.-J. Green aud T. Williams, Bristol, brightsmiths.-Pideock snd Frost, Manchester, plumbers.-Sadler, Harrison, and Co., Austinfriars, merchants; as far as re ardr J. SBaler.-J. Rea and Co., Liverpool, provision dcaleros-.-.ilall and Poole, Lawrence-lane, Chieapside, blanket merehants.-W. and Bt; Bull, Chelmsford, cabinetmoakers.-Hutchinson and Harper, Farringdon-strot, surgeonsSquibb and Squire. Orchard-street, Pertman-square, surgeons.- J. R.- Cattlowv and B. Daniel, Chendle and Steon, Staffsorshire, attorneys.-. Bnrnley, W. Nichols. and G. Richardson, Leeds, machine makers: as far as regards 0. Richardson.-Yates and Tov;sey, Aldershont, contractora-J. and W. Johnson, FerrybilL Durham groceas.-Anderso n NEliott, Nottingham, lace dressers.-G. and F. Owen, Carrington, Lincoia hare, farmers.-Dennison and Bradley, Leeds, coach manufacturers.-G, and J. Knight, Cardiff, patent perforated brick manufaeturess-F. Paskes and Co., Aston and Sutton Coldfield, Warwickshlre, edged tool makers; as far as regards J. Allihan.-IR. W. and W. J. Rowley, Bridgnorth, booksllemr.-Hill, Wood, and Hughes, Coal-exchange, coal factoer-Bnxton and Ward. Lichfield, grocers.-. Walker and Sons, Huddersfield, woollen cloth manufacturers.-J. Croston and E. Mason, Liverpool, block-makers.- J. E. and J. Price, Birmingham, drapers ; as far as regards J. Prim. -Sampson, HanwelL and Doble, iAverpool, outfitters; as far as reo gardsa . E. Doble.-L. Robson and Co., Sunderland, ship brokeraBasif, Bevn, and CO.. John-street, Minore, commission nmerchants. -J. and R. Procter, Liverpool, corn factors.-J. Belliss and Sons, Birmingham. drapers.-W. anDd S. J, HarrBson. Pochdale, milliners. -1. and G. Mforley, Stamford and SkilUington. Liacohlshire, m achine men.-E. Stocks and Co., Halifax, worsted manufectnrers.-J., J. and C. Cotehin, Soulbury. Buclk-ighsmshire, and ebqeirhewo, farmers. -H. Stott and Co., Halifaa,. cotton warp mannfaetnrera.-Fyfe and Yes, Greenock, irournongers. ' DECLAMATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. A- S. Besson, NZew Bond-street, fanry rpository de.aler-frSa div. of Is. lid., Wedacaday next, and three mabeequent Wednesdnay, at Mr. Edwanrds's, Sambrook:-court, Baisighall-frtee. *H. Cr own, St. Swi thin'a-lanec, win e merchant-third div. of 105&. Wedoesslay next and three subsequent Wednesdays, at MNr Edwardts's Sam,oreok-conrt, Bssinghali-streel. - T.E vSholes, Brighton, linendeaper-flrst dir. of .s 51d, Wednesday, 3 X 14 inn 21, at al. 1 ee's. Aldernianbury. AL E. Bo-,-Old Ford. indlarebber enuft fi t di,. of 9sd& aZny W0d33csdY; St M r. WhIttmore'e, Basinghal4tet . Grover, Strnd, envelope asker-first div. of le. 4j&, any Wednesdav at Mr. Whitmores BaxnghaUtreet. w:rartridge. *en:, Biringgbam, builder-first dir. of I6 21d, any Thurbday. at Mr. Christie's, Birmingba. a. H. Taylor, -Bia_niham, cabinetmaker-first div. of S., any ThDroda'stNir.Christes, BirminghbaL J. Webber, Birmingham, grocer-div. of 2& Ud., on Thursday, May 15. and two 16uving alternate Thdays, at Mr. BitUestows, Birmingham. J. Hopkinson, Kott ngham, grocer-seoond diT. of 3L., Monday next and twofolowi:Monuays, at Mr. Harris's, ottingbam. J.. B atesaa E. Bower, Leicester, lambs-wool piunerz-first div. of Is;, Monday next a-ad two following Mondays. at Mr. Harris's, Notthigharn. M.. Wpenrer nto in aon der-fist dir. of 2s. 41d., anyFriday, at J. Graut; Birmingham, tailor-fist div. of Is 4d., any Friday, at fr. iWhtmetre', Bmnmigliamn .. Wall and O. Holt, Samlesbury, Lancashire, cotton-spimners-- frstdiv.of 5&. and firt div. of 7a. 9d. onihe separate e-tate of 0.1E. Wel l, Tuescray, May 2, or any sub&equeut Tuesday, at Mr. Frazege, Manchiester. J. J. Brierler and R. Arrowsmitb. Manchester, silk manufacturersfiret di of 30., Tuesday, May 20. or any subsequent Tuesday, at Mr. 1mrkser's, 31anchester. . Cool;e. Mancbester, timber merch ant-rt d iv. of £6s. Tuesday. May-tO, or any sub iaequetTuerday. at Mr. Fraser's, Mlanchester. 0J. Y Illiams, Manchester, corn desaer-first dil.' of Is., Tuesday, Mfay 27, or any subsequent Tusaday, at Zfr. er'Hs, Mfanchester. BAXNKRUPTCY ANNULLED. Charles Edward Bird,'Old Broad-street, merchant. BANKRUpPTS Stephen Watkins, Walto.on.-ansaes, brcknmakei. to Surrender May 15. at half-past 12 o'clock, June 12, at 2; at the Bantkrupts' Court; solicitors Messs. Linklater and backwood, 8ise-lane; official assinee, Mr. Bell, Coleman-streetbuildings. WliUamnBrinkley. Bruton-place, Berkeley-square, and Duke-strDet, Grusvenor-squars. builder, May 16 at 11 o'clock. June 13, at half-past 1, at theBankrupts Court: soleitors, Messr; Bicknel and Bicknell. Connaught-tenace, Edgware-road; officinl asslgnee,' Mr. Cannan, Aldermanbury. John Bilton and William Mackenrie Wyllie Wemyss, Edward's-terrace, Caledonian-road, linendrapers, May 13, at 2 o'lock, June 10, at 12, at the Bankrupte' Court: solicitors, MeFss Davidson and Bradbury. B3asigghalt-street; official asignee, Mr. Edwards, Sambrookcourt, Baaingbiall-5trett. George Robinson, Wvelington.terrace, Claphaxn-rise, bookseller. May 1is at 2 'dlock, June10 at hall-past I at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. Chidley, Gresham.nstreet, offi5ciassignee, Mr. Stansfield. Thomas Ward, late of Great Vinchestcr-street, and of Park-street, Camden-town. oommisslon agent. -May 10, at ll o'cloc'- June 20. at h.lf-past 11, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, hr. Marshall. Sion CoUege-gardens, London-wall; offlcial assignee, 3r. rennell, Guildhau-buildings. Willam James Bebell, Glocester, saipbuilder; May 13, June 16. at Ii o'clock at the Bristol District Court of Bankruptcy: soicitor, Mr. Wikes. Giocester; official assignee, Mr. Mller, BristoL Benjamin Casson and Henry Carson. Kingston-upon-Huil, tanners, May 21, June 18, at 12 o'clock, at the Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy, Kingston-upon-Hull: solicitorF, Messrs. Holden and Sons, Kingston-upon-Hull; official assignee, Mr.-C'arrick. HulL William winir.msandWilliam Roberts, Gwrem-y-Mynydd, Flntshire, huilders. Mfay a9, Jun 2, at 12 o'lock, at the Liverpool District Court of BankruptcY: sicdtors, 3fr. Eyton, fMold, Flintshire; Mr. Smith, iverpool; ofhcial assignee, blr. Morgan, LiverpooL John bittaker, liulme. M anchester, Slour dealer, y ay 19, Jne 11. at 12 o'clock. at the M anchester District Court of BanLruptcy; solicitor, 3r. 'artingtond hManchester; offlcial assinmee, Nr. Fraser Manchester. Briton Richardson, Manchester, bleachber. May21, Ju ne16. at 12 o-clock, at the MaanchesterDistrict Courtof Bankruptcmy: solicitors, Mdessrs. liehouse and Bond, Manchester; offlcial assignee, Mr. PAtt, James Moore, Ardwick, Manchester, lvery stablekeeper, May 22, at 11 o'clock, June 6. at 12, at the Manchester District Court ofBanacruptcy: solicitors, Messrs. Atkinsons and Last, Manchester; official asignee, Mr. Hernamuan, Manchester. Henry Sgar, Mianchester, innkeeper, May 123 and Juno 5, at 11 o'clock, at the Manchester District Court of Bankruptcy ; solicitor, Mr. Heath, Mfanchester: oficial assigner. Mr. Hernaman, lanchester. Henry Coson, South Shields. bookseller, May 19. at half-past 11 . clock, June 10, at 12, at the Nesreastle-upun-Tyne District Court of Bankruptcy:- solictors, Mfessrs. Lar;rance. Plerws, and Boyer. Old J7ewry-chambers: and hlr. Hall. NewscaasUe-li,on-Tyne; offlcial assignee, Mr. Baker, Nowcastle-uPon--Tync. DIVD ENDS. May23, L. Goldsmith, Queen-street, Cheapside, merchant.-May 23, W. S. andT. B. Rolin, 1Cing's Lynn. ship-builders.-May 23, J. Bergtheil, Abchurch-lane, mtrchant.-May 248 V. B. Martin, Mark-lane, wine-merchant-May 24, T. A. Readwin, Winchester-buildings, Great Winchester-street, dealer in shares.-May 24, J. Thomas, Catherinestreet,Strand,andWVhiteHart-street.Drmury-lane,newspaperproprietor, -May 24, W. Adam, GreatTower-street,merchant.- June 6, AV. Fisher, Stratford-upon-Avon, grocer--June 6, J. Edge, Kidderminster, CapetIIanuTaEtoer.-gmay26d u Wilkes, Birmingham, cock cintamasaer,-31ay27. J. Huckalil, Nottingham, grocer.-June 5, J. Carter, Jun., and C. Carter, Clifton. brewern.-May 26, It, Brooks, Blackburn and BlacLool, drapcr.-,May 29, J. E. Christian, Liverpool, shipbroker.-MSy29 J. Bt Gummowr Wrexham,. Denbighshire, builder.- May 23. T. Hewitt,1Ormsairk.La2ncashire, grocer.-June 9, T.B amtsden and W. B. B.ter. Bailiffs-bridge, Yorkshire, worsted-spinmera-- June 2, J. W. Gregory, Halifaxr, grocer. CEERTIFIOATl B to be granted unless cause be showvn to the contrail' on the day of meeting. Mfay24. 3. Heathvvaite, King-sctreet, Covent-garden, cheesemonger. -Mfay23. D,Gardner, Ba3nhuil-pumsmaker,-daY 27,J. 3. Hwh, Friday-street, furrier.-May 23, S. WeLler. Gilespur-street, leather d enler,-Mny 23, J. Farm an, Poriobello-terrace N otting-hill., builder. -May 27, F. Cook. Gidahm, ranine maker.--h'ay 27, T. D. Kerahaw, Prestwich-cues-Olmldhn cotton-spmuner,-Mlay 23, J. Rt. Gummow, Wvrexham. builder,-May 23.3J. lR.Blake, Egremont commission agent, -June 17,3J. Alen and 15. HIolmes, Derby, silk throvwsters, SOOTCH SEQUESTtTIORS; A. Brown, Lenark, grocer, MEay 16, at 12 o'clock, at the Clydeadalo Dotel, 1anark. -J. L0ve, (lIasgow, wino merchant, May 14, at 2 o'clock, at the Globe HIotel, Glasgow, W. Reid and P. Saunders, jun., Drmdee, teatheranerchanta, May 8, atl1o'clock, at the British Hotel, Dundee. The Average lio of Brown orMusrovado Sugar, computed from the returs made in tho week ending the 29th of April, exdusive of Customs? dutiespaidorpaybhlethereon on theimportatioxn thereof Into Great Bntai iLd. From the BntIeh fosseseons In Amerika 27 3 perwt. From the Mauritius_ 27 9t FromthcEastIndles M30 9 ThEe average prnce of the three oregoing~ de- ncniptions ofesugar,Jointly, computed as abovo and exclusive of dulty .. .. .. .. 27 1 iBy7 authorit,v of Parliament, GroOema'-haII, BIO~CELIN Clerk of the Grocers' Company.
FBANCE AATD AUSTRIA. The following is the Treaty between Her Majesty, the Emperor of Austria, and the Emp6ror of the French, guaranteeing the independence and integrity of the Ottoman Emnpire, signed at Paris, April 15, 1856: "Her 3fajesty theQneenof the IJnitedKingdom of Great Britain and Ireand, His Majesty the Empror of Austria, and His Majesty theEmperor of theFrench, wishingto settle between themsRelves the combined action wihich any infraction of the stipulations of the Peace of Paris would involve on their part, have named for that purposes as their Plenipotentiaries, that is to say:- '".Her Majesty the Queen of theUnited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Right Hon. George William Frederick Earl of Clarendon, Baron Hyde of Hindon, a Peer of the united kingdom, a member ot Her Britannic Majesty's Most HonL Privy Council, Knight of the MostNoble Order of the Garter, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Hon. Order of the BAth, bar sajesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and the Right Hon. Henry Richard Charles Baron Cowley, a peer of the united ldngdom, a member of Her Majesty's Most Hon. Privy Conncil, Knight Grand Cross of the Mfost Hon. Order of the Bath, Her MIajesty's Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to His Aajesty the Emperor of the French- " His Majesty the Emperor of Austria, the Sieur Clarles Ferdinand Count de Buol-Schauenstein, Grand Cross of the Imperial Orders of St. Stephen and of Leopold of Austria, Knight of the Order of the Iron Crown of the First Class, Grand Cross of the lmnaerial Order of the Legion of Honour, Grand Cross of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem, &c. his Chamberlain and Actual Privy Councillor, his Minister of the House and of Foreign Affairs, President of the Conference of 3Inisters; and the Sieur Joseph Alexander Baron de Hubner, Knight of the ImLperial Order of the Iron Crown of the first class, Grand Officer of the Imperial Order of the Legion of Honour, &c., his Actual Privy Councillor, and his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiaryto the Court of France; " And His Majesty the Emperor of the French, the Sieur Alexander Count Colonna Valewaski, a Senator of the Empire, Grand Cross of the Imperial Order of the Legion of Honour, &c., his Minister and Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and the Sieur Francis Adolphus Baron de Bourqueney, a Senator of the Empire, Grand Cross of the Imperial Order of the Legion of Honour, and of the Order of Leopold of Austria, &c., his Envoy E3xtraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Imperial and Royal Apostolic MIajesty; "WlVho, after having exchanged their full powers, found in goed and due form, have agreed upon the following articles: "Art. 1. The high contracting parties guarantee, jointly and severally, the inderendence and the integrity of the Ottoman Empire, recorded in the treaty concluded at Paris on the 30th of March, 1856. " Art. 2. Any infraction of the stipulations of the said treaty wrll be considered by the Powers signing the present treatyas casus be/ti. They wM come to annuderstanding with the Sublime Porte as to the measures which have become necessary, and will without delay determine among themselves as to the employment of their military and naval forces. "Art. 3. The present treaty shall be ratified, and the ratifications shaU be exchanged in a fortnight, or sooner if possible. "In witness whereof the respective Plenipotentiaries have signed the same, and have affixed thereto the seal of their arms. " Done at Paris, the 16th day of the month of April, in the year 1856. "COWLEY. "BUOL-SCHAUENSTEIN. "HECBNERL "A. WALEWSIC _" BOURQUFNEY."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIiMES. Sir,-Ought the Assistant-Judge of the Mfiddlesex Session to practise as an advocate? The late Judge, Mr. Serjeant Adams, did not; and at his I death other gentlemen-two at least-refused the appoint- ment because they must, or believed that they must, have given up their practice. And, independently of the general objection which applies to all judges, and which has very recently been enforced against the County Court judges, there is this strong objection, that the public suffer. Cases for trial are adjourned when private clients are waiting. Yesterday the Court sitting at Westminster Sessionshouse was adjourned for half an hour while its judge went over the way to Westminster-hall and made a motion in the Court of Queen's Bench, and this morning, though counsel jurors, parties, and witnesses assembled at 10 o'clock, all wrere kept waiting tillhalf-past 10, because the judge was ag2in " moving" mn the Queen's Bench. Through you I submit this matter to tho public, and I enclose my card as n voucher for the facts. I ayn Si;r vrnr= -v f AMICUS CURIAF. May 2. CBYSTAL PALACE.-ONE SMING DAY, FIrday, May 2.-Admissions on payment, 1,717; ditto br Fnmuc tik0e 19; hiD itors Is71
RAILWVAY INTELrGEXCE,. TRAFC RETURT&S. The following are the receipts of awiays for. the patz reek- OXF(XRD), WORC3ESTE;R, AN]) lWOLVE3RIiMPTON. The adjourned half-yearly meeting of this company wa held yesterday at the London Tavern, to receive the report of the Committee of Invpstigation; Lieutenant-Colonel lRushont, MLP., in the chair. Mr. N. T. Smith, the secretary, read the notice convening the meeting, and the report of the Committee of Investigation, an abstract of which has appeared in 17we Times. Sir M. PETO, the chairman of the committee, in moving the adoption of the report, explained that the committee had devoted themselves very assiduously to the duties imposed npon them, and they had pursued their investigation w7ith a desire to ascertain the truth with regard to the affairs of the company. They thought it better to direct their attention tG improve the future of the company than to lament over the past. They had inspected the whole of the line and stations, and come to the conclusion that the object of the company should be to give the necessary accommodation to the traffic of the district, and no more. They found on examination of the accounts that a sum of 39,O001. had, from time to time, been added to capita], which, in the opinion of the committee, ought to have been charged against revenue, bat they would leave the proposed new board to deal with that matter. The directors andofficers of the company had afforded the committee every information and facility in their powver. The company had suffered considerably from frequent contests in Parliament, and if they were to prosper theymust eodeavour to dispense with those expensive contests in future. If by any friendly arrangement with the Great Western Company they could be allowed to go on without expending the 150,0001. in completing the broad gauge on their, line it would be of great advantage in their present position. The future policy of the company should be peace, friendly relations with all their neighbours, and a careful avoidance of all unnecessary expenditure. The affairs of the company should be conducted with as much prudence as though it weretheproperty of a single individuaL The committee hadsecommendedthedirectors to place their seats at the disposal of the proprietors; for, it appeared in the course of the investigation that differences of opinion existed at the board on questions of imnortance as to policy and management. The directorswoufd be eligible for re-election if the proprietors thought proper to re-elect them. It appeared from evidence given before the committee that there wvas a large amount of traffic in the district which the company had not touched, and for which it would be necessary to make some provision. Lord Ward was constructing 20 miles of railway mn the neighbourhood of theirline, whichl he intended to w,ork, and it would he necessary to provide sidings and other accommodation to receive thetratic. It was advisable to afford accommodation for traffic in South Staffordshire with a view to bring it on the line. It appeared from the report of Mr. Watlin, who was an excellent authority, that a large reduction might he made in their working expenses. From the working arrangements which formerfyexisted with Mr. Williams, it was not possible to exercmse that economy which vas desirable. le concluded by moving a resolution for the ado tion of thereportof the committee, the asseciation of te committee with the directors in promoting the bill in Parliament, and the adjournment of the meeting to the i0th instant. Mr. FE_NroN seconded the motion, and in doing so expressed his concurrence in what had had fallen from Sir IL Peto with regard to the affairs of the company. They proposed to raise 350,0001. on a debenture stock, which would take precedence of the existing preference shares, and in order to induce the holders of preference shares to enablo them to raise money it was proposed to give them some compensation. With that view it was intended to make the first preference a guaranteed 6 per cent. stock from the 1st of January, 1l-57, and to capitalize the arrears of dividend from time to time into a 5 per cent stock. The second preferencowasaguaranteedstock, andthey proposed to capitalize thearrears on thatwhichmaybedueupto thelstof January, 1857, into the same stock. The liabilities of the company amounted to 472,0001. There were certain assets in unissued bonds and shares, and also in surplus lands, that would enable them to pay off the liabilities, provided they could raise the 350,0001. on a first preference or debenture stock. A long discussion ensued as to the terms upon which the preference shareholders would consent to the raising of the new capital, in which fr. Taunton, lr. Serjeant Gaselee, Mr. J. tl. Parsons,lMr. Fenton, Mr. Mowatt, Mr. J. Parson, and other shareholders took part. Various resolutions and amnendments were proposed and withdrawn, and a resolution was carriedtotheeffect thatthereport of the committee be received and entered upon the minutes. On the motion of Mr. FirsrON, a resolution was passed in favour of raising 350,0001. ona first preference or debenture stock (whereof 150,0001. should be appropriated to the completion of the broad gauge) upon terms to be subsequently agreed upon. TMr. AP, a director, protested, on the part of the Great Western Company, against any particular sum being named, in case the 150,0001. should not be sufiicient. He could state that thero was no chance whatever of getting rid of that liability, as the Great Western Company were determined to have the broad gangelaiddown. The CHAAIRMAN said that Mr. Brunel had declaredbefore a committee of the Honse of Lords that from 130,0001. to 150,0001. would be sufficient for the purpose. After considerable discussion, a formal resolution was proposed, recommending the shareholders to agree to the conversion of the first preference into a 6 per cent. puaranteed stock, with power to capitalize the arrears of dividend into a S per cent. stock. Mr. GRISsVOOD, a director, moved an amendment to the effect that the first preference stock be guaranteed to the extent of 17,5001. a-year, being the amount of injury it would sustain by the new s'tock. The amendment was negatived, and the resolution was carried. Resolutions were passed recommending that the aTrears of dividend due on the second preference shares up to the 1st of January next be capitalized into the same kdnd of stock; that the debenture debt of thecompanybe converted into a debenture stock, entitled to enterest not exceeding 5 per cent per annum; and that the preceding resolutions form the bases of the terms upon which the new capital was to be raised, subject to modifications in Parliament. On the motion of Sir M. PETO, a resolution was passed, associating the committee of shareholders with the directors, for the prgose of conducting the biU in Parliament. Mr. Serjeant ( ASELEE proposed resolutions to the effect that clausesbe inserted in the bill vesting inthe shareholders the power of electing directors, and that the qualification of a director of the company be 3,0001. stock, which, after some discussion, were carried. 'On the motion of Mrr. TAuANrToX, a resolution was proposed that it was the opinion of the meeting great advantages would .be gained by friendly relations with the Great Western Company, and urging on the comimittee and diriefors the advantages of a fair traffic arrangemiht with that ompawny.siensued, in which MEr. Highfield, Mr. ¶flEeBr. J. MI. Parsons, and Mr. Pakenhanm took part. ,Amihsendment was proposed by Mfr. J. Parson, that the words "consistent with other traffic arrangements" beadded to the end of the resolution, which, with that amendment, was carried. The meeting was then adjourned to Friday next. NORTEERN 01? TRANCE. The annual meeting of this company was held on Monday at Paris, Baron James de Rothschild, the president, in the chair. The meeting having been declared duly constituted, M. Delebecque, the vice-president, read the report. This document commences by stating that the traffic has continued to iniprove steadily during the past year, the VJniversal Exhibition having, no doubt, in part contributed to that resultv but the zatural development of the indus" trial movement of the country having done infinitehr more. The renewal of the iron-way had been 3egularly proceeded with, the Government having given permission for the importation of 12,000 tons of rails at reduced duties, Up to the 31st of Deceriber last the expense incurred for the renevwal had been 9,157,136f. (325L), and there appeared to be no doubt that the ori- gin estimates 'would nut be exceeded. Considerable en-. argements in the stations had been effected. to meet the requirements of the increased traffic. As to the branch lines in course of execution, that from St. Quentin to Erquelines had been opened to the public in October last, four rmonths before the period fixed by the concession. Workmen had been busily employed all the winter in completing, the stations, and the greater portihn of the necessary wor'ks were now terminated. This line shortened the distance froan Paris to Cologne by 104 kilometres (65 mlies). The branches fromnTergnier to Eheims, and from Busigny to Somain, w ere being actively proceeded with, and would be ready for working before the period fixed by the conoession. The lines from Paris to Creil (direct, and. from NSoyelles to St. Valery, had been all surveyed, and the works wvere to commence immediately. The* deve-' lopment of the traffic had led to very serious erbarassments from the insufficiency of rolling-stock, and articularly that of the locomotive power. Large orders had been given, but were only in part executed. On the 1st of Jannary' the company possessed 370 locomotives, 1,219 passengers' carriages, and 8,837 waggons for slow trains; at present- there were in conEtruction 112 locomotives and 822 waggons, to be delivered in 186 and 1857. The expense for this item in 1855 had. amountedto4,067,812f. (162,7121.), all of whichhad been paid out of revenue. The whole amount of capital received up -to the 31st of December, 1855, was 342,160,88f. (13,.68,4361.), and the sum expended in 1855, 44,363,119f. (1,774,524.). The passenger receipts during that year had increased 27 per cent., the conveyance of goods by quick trains 1S per cent., and that by slow trains, 25 per cent. The transport of coals from Belgium had increased considerably, the wvhole quantity carried during the year being823,000 tons, at the rate of 33 centimes perton per ldlometre.. With respect to the total results of the year's vworking, the receipts, dedulction made of the duty of one.tenth on the passengers' fares, indem.nities, subscriptions, &c., amounted to 47,966,16Sf. (L918,646L), and.the expenxs to 1S,053,S27f 1722,1571.), leavig a surplus of 29,912,241f (L196,4891.), which sum, when all the various chages of interest, sinking fund, renewal of the iron-way. &c., were deducted, gavo a dividend for the vear 1855 of 45f.; and, as 16f. had been already paid in January, the whole income of the 400f. share for the year was 61f., or 154 per cent. The increase in the receipts in 1855 amounted to 9,726,075f. (3S9,0431), and the first 17 weeks of 1856, compared with the corresponding period of 1855, gave an augmentation of 1,276,333f. (51,0531.), or 11 per cent. The above dividend would be paid at the offices of the company on and after July 1, or earlier on 5 per cent. being allowed as discount. Themeetingapproved unanimously of the accounts, declared the dividend of 45f., ratified certain salea of land, re-elected the Marquis Dalon and M. Iottinguer, Caillard, Poisat, and Dassier as directors, and re-appointed tho auditors, The proceedings then terminatedL DEIiERAIA. In the account of the proceedings at the meeting of this company which appeared in 2'he Times of Thursday it was stated that " the interest of 7A per cent. would hardly be covered by the receipts of the railway." The chairman states that it should have been that "it' would be amply covered by the receipts of the railway; that the present income of 18,5001. fully prosided for the interest and sinkig fund of the colonial debt, for the interest on the 32,0001. already borrowed, as well as for the interest on 20,0001., if they had to issue the bonds at 7A per cent., leaving a surplus besides, which would go far to pay the dividend to the preference shareholders."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMS. Sir,-I beg the favour of you to give publicity to the enclosed address to the Emperor of the French, with the reply of the Minister for Foreign Affirs, received this day. The reply, although delayed several months, possesses peculiar importance, from the present circumstances of France. The Einister of Worship, Md Fortoul, notified on Monday to the French Protestants through one of their body, that the decree of the 25th of March, 1852, interfer. ing with religious meetings, is annulled in regard to the Commune of Thiat, in the Department of the Raute Vienne. It is expected that the measure will apply to the whole empire, and that the sentences of imprisonment pronounced against several persons will be at once cancelled. This reply of Count Walewski justifies that expectation. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, C. E. EARDLEY, Chairman of the Evangelical Alliance. 7, Adam-strect Strand, May 1. You are probably aware that the address respecting Tnrkey was replied to in decided terms by the Sovereigns of England, Holland, and Prussia in the months of September, October, and December respectively. "Paris, Sept. 3, 18155. "Sire,-Yonr humble mnemorialists, belonging to several nations, and to almost every Protestant denomination in Europe and America, mnet tozether in conference in Paris, unite in respectfnUy beseeching your Majesty, in concert with Her Majesty the Queen of England and other Christian Powers, to use your influence writh the Government of Turkey that it may establis' religious liberty us the States under its jurisdiction in favour of allthe subjects of that vast empire withoutdistinction. Tle cruel rerecations which the members of the Romm-, CatholicChurch seceding from the Armenian and Greek churches in the Ottoman empire had to endure from lheir former coreligionists are vet within the memory of all. The intervention of the Roman Catholic Powers of Europe succeeded in obtaining, in favour of the victims of intoleranee, that liberty of conscience and of worship to which all men are entitled. But there are other subjects of the Sultan, Protestant Christians, who are persecuted by the officers or members of the abovenamed communions because of their secessions, and this with the consent and co-operation of Turk;ish authorities. I" Another subject of yet more serious importance, which shocks the most sacred feelings of all Cbristian nations, is the barbarous law which condemns to death .Mohamedans who renounce Islamism to embrace Christianity-a law which, as is proved bya case of recent occurrence, resting on unquestionable testimony, is still vigorously enforced. ' Your memorialists humbly entreat your Majesty to use your powerful influence with His Highness the Sultan to obtain from that monarch the formal and positive assurance that for the future the principle of religious liberty which he has proclaimed shall be maintained with energy through all the extent of his empire, and that no change of faith or of religious profession shall expose a subject of His Highness to persecution, oppression, or to any ill-treatment whatever; and especially that no Mahomedan, whether such by birth or by profession, who embraces Christianity, shall henceforthbe put to death, or molested in any way, on I account of his change of belief. "Your memorialists, aware that the Porte has many difficulties to surmount arising from the prejudices of difrerent classes of its subjects, in giving effect to the promrises of religious liberty so generously granted to the Protestants as wet as to its other subjects, earnestly beseech your Majesty to order that every possible means should be employed to aid the Turkish Government in carrying out its benevolent intentions, and in preventing influential persons in the empire from persecuting their poorer feUow-citizens so that in all the States of His Highness the Sultan, especially the provinces remote from the capital, al officers of the Government should be made responsible for the strict performance of their duty in such cases. " Sire, in order to effect this desirable ohject, we believe that it is essential, and humbly request that the consuls and consular agents in Turksey should bce directed to keep a constant eye on the local authorities, and to report to their ambessadorsimlmediatelyandparticuarly everyrinfrngement upon the principles of religious liberty which may come to their knowvledgo in the administration of justice or otherwise. "Your memorialists entertain the hopethat, by means of the legitimate influence which your MTajesty possesses with your augut ally, in concert with the other.Powers represented at the Porte, Christians shall soon see the complete abolition of those cruel and oppressive laws and customs wrhich deprive so many subjects of the-Porte of liberty of conscience, Mussulmans as well as Christians. "CULnnG EABtDLEY EARDLEY, Baronetr-Engand. "The CoUNT DE ST. GEoRGE, formerly Major in the Army of theNletherlands-Holland. "JOHN C. BERGER, Captain, and Memoer of the Academy of Fine Arts at Stockholm-Sweden. "F. W. XcRumCEEPs, D.D., Preacher to the Court at Potsdam-Prussia. "I. BAD, D.D., of the United States-America. S. C. MaIILLE, Pastor atTurin-Italy. "A.noLaPE MoyoD, Pastor of the Reformed Church of Paris-France. "ATRx. DUFF, D.D., L.L.D., 3mnister and Tission- ary of the Free Church of Scotland." "Ministry of Foreign Affairs- Political Direction, "Paris, April 925. " Sir,-The :E:meror has given orders to refer to me thek petitio-n which you addressed to His Maesty in the name of the. society of the friends of relgious liberty [the Evangelical Conference of Paris, October, 1855l, and I have taken into serious consideration the observations which it contains. " The Government of the Emperor has always exertedI itself to cause those principles to prevaiL Already, by tho Hatt-Humayoun of February the 18th, His Highness -tho Sultan has proclaimed in the Ottoman Empire the liberty of all reEgions faiths; and the Government of the Emperor vwll not fail to do whatever shall be in its power to insuro the eoxecution of those generous dispositions. " Receive, Sir, the assurance of my distinguished consideration. - " A. WAmvwsmi. "Sir Culling Eardley, Bart." MIt. BuitFoitD's PAxORAjA.-A very beautiful picture of St. Petersburg is now added to Mr. Bnlrford'5 collection of panoramas. It is taken from the observatory of the Academy of Science, which commands a view of all thepricipal edilices, and, the selected season of the year being summer, a liveliness and variety of colour is produced which is the more remarkable as the RTssian capital isgenerallyrepresented underthe infuence of winter. Tho lTeva, which flows clear and smooth through the greater portion of the picture, is a masterpiece of water-painting, and the architectural details are in Mr. Burford's best manner. Altogether, a more interesting panora-ma bas not been exhibited.
.MONXY-MARKTa aITYDIL7TEIGBArN. -- - --- df Friday Evening The largemajorityobtained bytheGovernmentls night in the House of Commons caused the English funds to open with great steadiness this morning at the improved prices of Wednesday. Subsequently some speculative sales produced a, reaction, but the market again exhibited firmness towards the close. Cousols for money were first quoted 92a to i, whence they receded to 92j to J. At the termination of business they had returned to 92- to I for money, while for the 4th of June the quotation wa2 92Z to 93. Bank Stockl; eft off at 211 to 212; Redu2ced, 91j; New Three per Cents., 913S; India Stock, 227 to 230; Inldia-bonds, 10s. to 5s, discount; Exchequer-bonds, 9Th to 98k, and Exchequer-bills (MIarch) oS. to is. discount, (June) 8s. to 4s. dis ccunt. -The demand for money continued active to-day in the Stock Exchange, at the Bank, and in the general market. ' Foreign securities exhibitedatendency to improvement at the commencement of business, but adverse operations again caused partial heaviness. Turkish Four per Cent. Guaranteed and Spanish Three per Cents. were the exception, these descriptions having been well maintained throughout the day. Turkish Six per Cents., for the account were dealt in at 97i and 904, and the Four per Cents at 1004 and 101f. Uhilian Sit per Cents., 1OS; Ecuador New Consolidated, 14j; Mexican, for the account, 22j, 22, 22k, and 21k.; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 94E and 95 ; Sardifian Five per Cents., 95; Spanish Three per Cents., f or the accovunt, 44A;, -, 4, and 45; the New Deferred, for money, 24k; for the account, 24§, i, and J; Dutch Two-and-a-HaM per Cents., 03k and A; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 93g In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates upon Amsterdam and Hamburg were rather lower, but with regard to Paris former quotations were fully maintained. . The corn-market was firm this morning at the rates of Monday. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a steady business without change in quotations. 'The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 74f. 35c. for money, and 174f. 40c. for the account, showing a further advance of more than g per cent. The Frenclh rate of exchange remains firm. At Hamburg money has been in great demand at 7 per cent., but according to the last advices the pressure had slightly subsided. A further moderate amount of gold was taken to the Bank to-day. Letters from Riga of the 26th of April, mention that the navigation had opened on that day. Fourteen ships had arrived in the port and 71 were in sight. The weather was very warm. The colonial produce markets during the week have been freely supplied, and a fair amount of business has been transacted. The sugar-market opened -with a good demand, and the large quantities brought to sale have nearly all been taken at full rates, exporters being still large purchasers. The refiners have also operated very considerably, and the grocers to a fair extent. A parcel of fine ladras realized very high terms. A cargo of MiLauritius has been disposed of for a near continental port, and several parcels on the spot. Tea continues to be neglected, and last week's rates have been barely supported. 12,549 packages have been brought forwsard, but only a very small proportion found buyers; subsequently, howvever, several transactions have occurred. There has been but little coffee offered and the market remains firm. Some sales of Mocha were again effected at high rates. A large business has been transacted in rfnm at higher quotations for the Demerara kinds; but the inqLuiry has since become less active. The middling and preferable kinds of rice are more sought after, and a fair quantity has privately changed hands at firm prices, notwithstanding the excessive supplies brought to public sale. Saltpetre is still very flat, and lower quotations have been accepted. The quarterly cinnamon sales took place on MIonday, and comprised 3,000 bales Ceylon; the sales did not go off with much animation, and, although previous rates were generally obtained, a declinevwas mn some instances observable. Other qualities of spice have been largely offered, and cloves and black pepper have been sold at a reduction. At the annual meeting of the Assam Company held to-day, AL-. H. M. Kenishead presiding, a dividend of 7 per cent. free of Income-t.x was declared and the report was unanimously adopted. It was stated that the progress of operations is satisfactorY, and that the cultivation of tea is being steadily extended. Since the preparation of the report tne remainder of the crop of 1854 has been sold, and the average price realized has been Is. 10d. per lb. Every endeavour is being made to provide labour and to place the establislunent in Assam upon a permanent and secure basis. The following is an abstract of the report:- ** The directors not having yet received the report of the local board are therefore unable to convey such detailed infornation of the advance made in the cultivation during the past season as they hoped to have furnished. They are also -without the estimate of the local board for the current season. The progress of the undertaking continues to be satisfactory, the expectations held out in last year's report having been fully realized. The crop of the past season amounts to 558,629Sib. of tea, being an increase of 80,3981b. Over the crop of the previous year, and 55,62Slb. more than the estimate stated in the last report. The whole of the produce of season 18.54 has not yet been sold. This arises from the delay which has occurred in the transmission of the teas from A csam to Calcutta. The last shipment of the season has just arrived and will be iamnediately brought to sale. That portion of the produce of 1854 v;hich has already been sold (about two-thirds of the entire crop) has realized a net price of Is. 11d. per lb., the average, however, will proba ly be somewhat reduced by the sale of the remainder, -which of course includes the later pluelngs and some of the lower class teas. During the past year the directors have been much impressed with the importance of putting the establishment in Assam upon a secuze basis, and providing for the due execution of those branches of industry the importance of which the increasing prosperity of the company is annually enlarging. With this view they have sent a considerable quantity of stores to India for the purpose of giving permanence to the buildings and securing them from 6re; and they have also sent a sawmill of the most perfect description and other machinery adapted to the manufacture of boxes on a large scale. The outlay for aLl these stores, amounting to a considerable sum, has been paid for out of profits; nevertheless, the directors feel that they can safely propose a dividend of 7 per cent. on the paid-up capital of the company, being 1 per cent, more than that of last year, payable on the 24th of June next. The European establishment in kAam continues to work energetically and harmoniously, and it is most satisfactoryto believe that the company's officers are animated with an earnest desire, each in his own sphere of action, to contribute to the general success. "PR.OFIT AND Loss Accou-'T FOR TIoE SEASO2 EN-DD;G 30TL SEPTE3Br., 1854. Net proceeds of tea, the produce of season 15£ after z £ deducting all charges, except lead and insurance .. 48,070 Disbursements in India on account of estabDlshments in Assam and Calcutta. new clearances, cultivation. manufacturing operations, and transit of teas from Amam to Calcutta .21,413 ,Sa in exchan7e... 1,78 £23,127 Disbursements in England-iz., stores sent to India, salaries, rent of offices, property-tax, payments to assstant in India, insurance, directorsW fees, and charges rmiscellaneous 4,233 Net profit. £20,640 - "APRIL 14, 1856. 4 ASETS AN D LLiTIES OF THE ASSAM COMPAN-Y AT Tis DALTE, AND EsTrcATED To 30T11 SPTmrBPni NEXT. Assrrs. £ s. dL BaJane at bankers. . .. 2S014 7 Teag arrived and shipped, 32S,fi6w;b. at £ . d IB. lOd. per lb. . . 29,396 2 6 lead and insurance paid for .1,400 0 0 Less each advanced by Messrs. E. Gibbs 30,796 2 6 and Co. .9,00 0 0 xoduce of 15, remaining to be shipped, 924$ S 2 6 7428,16 b, aet1s.lOd. per1b. .. .. 39,248 9 2 Iess bils acceped and payable to this date 15,500 0 0 LmnruUss. 23,748 9 2 Bils remaining to be drawnm to pay cutlay in India for £- s. d. season l856, say .. ,C00 0 0 Salaries. rent, &c. 345 0O Income-tax on 1S5 diviend 603 2 5 Lead shipped .. .. . .. . 704 0 0 Iron rooflg shipped .. - 436 0 Directors'fOes ..- *- *-60O 0 0 Auditors'fees is - 15 0 - 13,704 3 S - 10,044 5 9 Crop of 1656, estimated ar 600,OOlb., at Is. IOd. per lb. 55,000 0 0 Liad and insurance paid for, over and above what is required for the crop of lSS55. - - * . ..........1,600 00 96,600 0 a £8t,121 2 10 Tqne prospectus has been issuled of the 3lid Kent railway Company, with a capitl of 70,000z. in 11.1 shares to construct a line of five miles from Brom1y to St. Mary Cray, in connexion with the West- end and Crystal Palace Railway, and the line now constructilg from ]3eckeTni to Lewisham. It will ta ke the traffic of a rich district, and is promoted by 'the landowners of the neighbourhood. An agreement has been concluded with the South-Eastern Company to work it for 10 years on advantageous terms. I At MIarseilles to-day a dedine of 2f. per load has taken place in corn, conseqnent on the reduction t> one-half of the export dulty from Naples. By the packet from B3uenos Ayres which arrived in March the Government of that republic remitted to MIessrs. Baring 2,0001., being an increase of 1,0001. on the usual monthly remittance on account of the dividends, and a similar sum has been received by the April packet. Lisbon letters mention that the departure of the Portuguese steamer Donna Maria II. with the Brazil mail is postponed till the 22d inst. According to the circular of M. Arles Dufour, of Lyons, the silk-market during the past month has been inactive. High prices, the progress of the approaching crop, and unfavourable accounts as to the spring trade in America, have contributed to this result. I The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 26th of April gives the following results when comparedwith the previous week:- Public depositg . .. {M0O,07L..Increaae £1,049,318 Other deposits ... ... 11,06,793 ... Decreas 870 830 Rest . .. ... 3,175,991... Increase 8,101 On the other side of the account:- Government securities ... 213,370,083 ... Increase £252,250 Other securities ... 15,975,189 ... Increase 45,826 Notes unemployed ... 3,632,455 ... Decrease 36,145 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,924,2201., being a decrease of 90,3851.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 9,723,1301., showing a decrease of 152,6021., when compared with the preceding return.
TRADE REPORT. Friday Evening. SuGAs.-The various public sales to-day have gone off with spirit. Nearly the whole put up was disposed of; the better descriptions of Malritius at rather more money, the middlingsorts without alteration, the lower kinds barely supported. But forthe week we can scarcely quote any advance, excepting in some instances, viz. :-grocery and good bright crystallized Mlauritius kind, for which the market is Gd. dearer. The foUowing are the particulars :-7,616 bags Mauritius, low to good and fine brown, 37s. to 41s.; low to good and strong yellow, 41s. 6d. to 42s. 6d ; crystalized, 42s. to45s. 6d. ; 4,479 bags Benea good middling to good white Benares, 44s. 6d. to 45s. ;, low soft yellow date, 39s. 6d. to 40s. ; Cossipore, 43s. 6d. to 45s.; 2,728 bags native Madras, 35s. to 37s. 6d.; 150 baes Penang, good yellow, 40s 400 hds. French West India have been sold, and part of 86 cases Bahia; the latter 41s. to 44s. 6d. for yellow (15s. duty), and 47s. Gd. for fine gray (17s. Gd. duty.) 827 hhds. West India have been disposed o f, making for the week 3,048. CorrEs.-776 half bales and 16 bales Mocha brought 79-. to 85s. for fair greenish to good brown short berry; and 290 bags Costa Rica, 58s. to 60s. Rrca.-A cargo of 10,000 bags Coringa Madraswere offered to-day, but barely half sold; ordinary, 8s. to Bs. 6d.; good and fine, 9s. 6d. to lls. per cwt. 960 bags Bengal were taken in at 9s. for low middling white (broken). SaLT1rrns.-987 bags Bengal, 6 to 4 i per cent. refraction, were withdrawn at 34s. Gd. to 35s. 6d. 1,760 bags Madras partly sold at 28s. to 29s., for 14A to ll per cent., but afterwards; nearly the whole found buyers. TALL.OWv.-The market is quiet at 45s. 6d. on the spot, and 45s. for the last three months. The public sales have gone off well. CocoAxun Qri.-10 hogsheads on sale were bought in. The market is not so firm as last week. PFAI OaL-15 casks were withdrawn above the offers. The demand is but limited. SanaLownt.-103 bales went off at a decline of about 5s. per cwt.; low ordinary to good middling, 65s. to 5l. per
THE CORY TRADE. COR4-EXCHANGE >'rDAY, MAY 2. Although there is a general increase in the supplies of grain, the trade exhibits greater activity, and in some caseq prices present a tendency to imProvement. Wheat is particularly well supported, and holders generally are asking an advance. Barley and oats show &naness, but the operations have not been e,xtensive. ILIVERPOOL, ,IMAY 2. The arrivals from Ireland and cosatwise, since Tuesday, have been trfl8ing, and from foreign ports wec have only received 1,118 quarters wheat,65,692 quartter Indian crltitn, 4,515 snaecksand barrelss flour,9l quarters Indian corn,. 1!62O sacks and 1,521 barrels f.our. There has been only a quiet trade m breadstuffs durinug t'e past two days, wheat and flour fully mraintain their value, but Indian corn has been sold on rather easier terms. The wreather continues cold and harsh, wvith the wind due east. At this clay's market there was a good attendance of buyers, and an imiproveddemandwas epxperienced forwheat and flour, chielythe better qualities, at the full prices of Tuesday, and in some cases at a slight advance. Oats andoatmeal, with a slow sale, remained as lastquoted. Barley, beaus, and peas neglected, and without change in value. Indian corn sas mom inquired for, and 29s. 6d. paid for new yellow, while prime old mixed, in store, could not be bought under 30s. per quarter. Prime vhite was saleable at 30s. per quarter. WAXEFIRIa). iaw- 2. noted is. per quarter deareyr tbahan astFrid°ay, witha pediesmase eben of business passing English barley is becoming scarce, and maintains its price. In English beans no change; Egyptian 5s. per quarter dearer. Oats and shelling steady, at late rates. Old. New. Vheat per quarter of 8 bushels, 601b.- iL z. U. B. Esex, uffolk, and ct, white .. 73 to 77 72 to 76 Red.. .. .. 68 - 72 66-n1 Norfolkand Cambridge, White.. .. 70 - 74 63-73 Red.. .. ..67 -71 62-68 Lincolnshr aand Yorkshire, w'ite .. 70 - 74 68-73 Ited .. .. .. .. .. 67 -71 62-63 Dantsic andKonlgsberg .. .. .. 70 - 75 - - Balticand Hamburg, red .. . . .. 64 68 - - Barley, per quarter of 8 bushels- PNor olkandSuffolkImperal .. .. - - - 2 Yorkshire and Lincolnshisre, 561b. per bushel - - - 42 -
METROPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKET, May 2. xne smtat ox tradle to-day was a little better for mutton and beef, both of which, in some few instances, made a little more money. mte top prices, however, were 5s. and 4s. Sd. respectively. Veal and lamb were both a slow trade, and Aronday's pnces were barely obtained Pork Met w.th a fair sale. at steadv auotations.
AIWAY AND MINING SHARES.- Trday Evening.. The railway-market opened with firmness, but there was subsequently a relapse, which was not fully recovered. More steadinmes was, however, apparent towards the close, the disposition to inrease sales having subsided. French, Iudian, and Belgian shares were freely operated in, although prices were not altogether well supported. 3finin, securities exhibited a weakness, sales having generally preponderated. Bank and land shares were in some cases rather flat, the transactions having been extremely limited. London and County Bank shares were negotiated at 31 and 314 ; Bank of Egypt left off i to i pm.; Ottoman Bank cto i pm. ;National Discount Company, i to i dis.; London and Paris, 4 to 2dis. ;Western of London,S5to 4dis. ; Alliance, 2 tol1dur.; Riga Railway,4ito i pm.; and Loinbardo-Venetian, 54 to i pm.
APOrimcARi& HALL -The following are the names of the gentlemen who passed their examination in the science and practice of medicine, and receivedl crtifk. cates to practise on Thursday, the Ist of May, 1856.-Herbert Smith Renshaw, Ashton-upon-Mesey; Edward Davies. Wrexsam, North Wales; Edwin Parsonage, Wrexham, Zorth Wales; Joseph Young, aamsgate; George Oldlin Siddal1, Chesterfield; Riners Mantelh Bitten, near Bristol; John Jones, Swansea, andJohn Henry Hooper, York-house, WVest-square, Southwark. TEE MIIXE COa issIONg COIJRTS.-The Mixed. Commissions established under treaties with foreign Powers for suppres s the traffic inslaves now cost 11,050. per forum In Sierra leone wa have an arbitrator witha salary of 1,500?., and a regisrar with 75OZ. At the ava-a. nah we have a judge with 5001., and an arbitrator with 50M. At the Cape we have a COmmniSSioner with 1,200l., an arbitrator with 800l., and a registrar with 5001. At Loanda we havea commissioner with1,500?., and an arbitrator with 1,000. The contin.gent expenses, including salaries of clerks and mainor officers, of these ecours amount to 2,500. [Advertisement.}-Ollendorff's method of learming to Read, Write, and Speak a Language in aix months, adapted to the German, Frenc, Italian, kc-To the Editor of " The Times'-Sir,I am anxious, through the medium olyour journal, to informthepnbi that spurious editions of the above works are sold in several countries. of Europe, chiefly at Frankfort and ia the United States. not only by such persons as are in the habit of imposing on the public, but by book. sellers who oughl not, from their position. tobe parties to suchatransaction. Though I mht. justlycorsplain of an attempt to rob mne of the fruit of 20 years' labour, I more especially express my indignation at the contents of small books in large print, full of errors and omis. sdons, beingealledmnymethod. My ystem (adoptedby theUnivertity of Fanoe) is published in Frencb at the reduoed price of 5f. eachprat. It is also pubhshed in English, at 12s. each part, by Wihittaker and Cox, andDulauand Co.. and each copy ha its number and mysignature. When I assert that my systermisachain that must not loe one link those who trast to the spurious volumes alluded to must not wonder at finding their labour lost, or that my guarantee that the langag is to be learnt in six months has not in the leastbeen fullUlbei are the honourto be, Sir, your obedient servant, H G. OLaxteDoary, Pb. Dr-28 bis, Rue de Richelieu. Paris, Apri 30. 186. [Advertisement.]-" Travel& in Persia, Georgia, and Koordistan, with Sketchem of the Closacks and the Caucasus." By Dr. Morits Wagner, 2 veok, just published, "Dr. Wagner travelled in Southern Ruasia, including Georgia and the Shores of the Colchian Pase, as a naturalist; and his trevels were subsequently extended to Persia and Koordistan. The present work is a translation from the German of his account of these travels, and it is only strict justice to state that few books on these countries giv'e An eqUally dlear idea of the state of the peoplo, or -affoerd a Similar rmount of interesting information respecting the past and present of these historic lands. It would be impossible in our brief space to convey anythiDg like an ade. quate idea of the value and importance of this production. It must he read to be appreciated as it deserves, and the reader may be certain that the tine spent in itS perusal wil be aumply repaid by the instrotion and thedelight it is so well calculated to inmpart."-Obhser. [Advertisment.] -"Lillierleaf- the Concluding Pas. sages in the Life of£r. 'Margaret !3iftland, of Sunnyside, written by herself," I voL. A new and chaer eionf"Lilliesleaf," mmPnrsedi 1 asingle vLumnepricelOcs.adboand, i5 ,ust Publisied, and maybehadof allbooksellers. The "Athenaeum, initsnoticoofthis intreseting bookI says:-." The concluding sesies of 'Passages in the Life of Mrs. Mlargaret Maitland' is, to our thirn, superior to the beginanin, and this we take to be about tne most BatsfactosycomDli. ment we can pay the authoress There is a vein of simple good seuo and piout feelin grnningthroughout, for whlchno reader can f to be the better." Tu and Backett, pubihbes. [Advertisement.)-Books.for the Countr- -Eeader, have oueverseenanyofthisseries? If not,they arepracticalaud ueful, oeks, published for universal-eireulation, in Is. volumes, or post free for 14 Stamps, aceh compriinug a complete subject% erxelentl illustrated with woodcuts by our best artists, and well written by com. petent authors The series now contains-" Angling and Where to Go" by Bld;ey: "Pigeons and Rabbits;" "Flax and. He3emp; "The KitZhen Garden" and " The lZower Garen," by E. S. Delamner " The Ponltry Yard." by 2iss E. Watts: " Small Farms, by Mastin~ Doyle; "Caged and Singing Binlag' by H. G. Adams: " The llorse," by wouatt and Cecil: "Shooting, by I.RIslker; "'Bees,"by theRev. J. G. Wood; and. "The Pig," "SBheep," and "Cattle," by W. C. h. Martin.-London George IoutledgenC. alndndet t Jll boo3kaelexannmw rsilway da e OD6o. ariaonsret n
ADLTrEBATION OF FOOD. This committee met yesterday in room No. 17,1 MA Scholefield in the chair. It being the last meeting of the oommtete for the reeeption of evidence, Dr. Hassall appeared to afford them aome additional information on various points, nd in this he vaL assisted by some 40 diagrams which embellished the va1ll of the committee-roofs, displaying the horrors of adltera.. tion as seen by the aid of the microscope. The appeanc of the " sugar insect" (which Dr. 1aasaT aid was preeent in a1 brown sugar would, we finne, deter any person from uAsng that deli-cious substance mn tutr_ Dr. Hassall, referring to the diagrams, said they had been prepared to illustrate the application of the microscope for the puxpose of detecting adulteration, and would show clearly the different appearances presented by genuine a adulterated articles. Not long since it W t t t im possible to detect the difference between roated coffee and rsoated chicory; by the aid of the mnicroscope at the present nothing was more easy. He (Dr. Hassan) had examined nearly every vegetable sabstance under the microscope, and in every instance had been enabled to detect adulterion& wnere they existed, even when the substances had been reduced to powder. Referring aain to the adulteration oE bread and flour, Dr. asll read the opmon of Baron Liebig as to the iljurious effects of ur upon the phosphates contained in wheat, and strongly condemning the use of alum. If white bread were required it could be produced by the u&e of limewater in a small proportion, and this would not be injurio rom recent inquiries he could confirm his former evidence as to the use off chicory in coffee in France and Germnany-viz, that in the large establishments the coffee was supplied in a pure state. A remarkable fact had been commumcated to, him during his inquiries, and that was, that it vas the, practice with mothers in France and Germnany ta *ve ax mixture of chicory to their children as an aperient medacine. He produced to the committee specimens of coloured confectionery, purchased within the last few days, and alsi samples of tea, which contained large quantities oE lie tea. In additionrto his former evidence on the aduteration of drugs, he would mention a few other drugs. Liquorice, which vas extensively used, and the, duty upon which furnished several thousands annuallytothe revenue, was adulterated in various ways. Ot of 2L samples of common extract of liquorice, every one. wasfound aduiterated with starch or 'four, sugar, gum., Ac. The-. genuine extract dissolved without leaving any residue, but.; the impure would leave from3S8t 20 per cent. Refined. liquorice, again, was adulterated to a greater cxtentr than any other preparation of it, and out of 28 samples of powdered liquorice 11 were adulterated. This preparation. was used chiefly for rolling round pills, and the adulterationm was not injurious to health. Dr. Has-anl referred to the adulteration of turmeric, powdered rhubarb, squiDs, col. cynth, and aromatic confection, and produced samples of the drugs. The effect c- the adulterations was to neutralize the efforts of physiologists, and destroy the vaue of the labours in which they had been engaged for ro many years past to determine the effect of certain quantities of the various drugs upon the human frame. He believed the adulteration took place sometimes before importation, sometimes by the drug-grinders, and he was afraid sormetimes also by the wholesale and retail chymists, and it would, of course, be necessary to provide for each of these cases.- Dr. Hassall then proceeded to give some explanations to the committee with respect to the evidence of 3Mr. Phillis of the Excise, on the adulteration of porter and ale. Mr. Pljiri hadnotinformedhimselfof thermode ofanalysispursued, orr. couldnot have madethe remarkshe haddone. After detailing the system he adopted, Dr. Hassall adverted to the evidence; of MIr. Clapperton on the subject of'the adulteration oE bread and four, and repeated to the comnittee the explanation contained in the letter -which recently appeared in our columns. The CyranxL4N, addressing Dr. ILAsal said it had beenm stated to the committee thatit was impossible for any onet person to carry on more than 20 or 30 examinations a-week of the various articles, and, if that were the fact, it wouldi be clear that many-of the examinations could not have bten. performed by Dr. Hassall himself, and the committee would therefore be glad to receive some explanation upon this point. Dr. Hassall, in reply, observed, that one great advantaga inn the employment of the microscope in the detection oF adulterations was the greater compartive rapidity with which results could be obtained. The number of exaniina, tions that could be made in a given 'time would necessarily depend in a great measure on the s:ill of the examiner and the nature of the article. In the course of the publication. of the reports in the Lancet his practice was to examine some 20 or 30 samples on an average per week; but at thepresent time he was speaklng within bounds in saRiM there was scarcely an article of consumption nipon which hI would not undertake to give satisfactory reports to the extent of 100 samples a week. Vhere chynical analyse had to be made it would require a much longer time to preparo a report-perhaps some weeks, or even months. .2ome oF the reports in the Lancet occupied from six to eight weeks, but prior to the publication of any reports a large number had been prepared, so that it was not fair to infer that those which appeared weekly had been made -within the week. Upon the question as to what means could be adoptedo prevent adulteration Dr. Hassall remarked he would firstexplain what he thought did not constitute an adulteration. -viz., selling one article in place of another. This wzas - substitntion, and not an adulteration. Again, the presence of a foreign aabstancemn an article,in consequence of imperfect,preparation, was a simple impurity or contamination. An adulteration might be defined as the intentional addition of' anarticle to any 7substance the presence of which was not acknowledged in the name nnder which that substance was. sold. This definition would embrace the great majority oE adulteratior,s. By Mr. WIsE.-It would be -very desirable to mAke a sub-classification, specifying those adulterations which wer, prejudicial to health and those which were simnly commercial frauds. But every article should be sold forwh'at. it really was, and there should be no deception. As to thoC remedy to be adopted, he (Dr. Hassall) should be disposed torepeat his former opinions, and would offer as a further suggestion, that it should be rendered imperative on persons convicted of giving false weight or selling adulterated goods that they should keep a placard exhibited in the most prominent part of their windows for three, six, or nine months, containing the text of the judgment condemning them. This would be a very inexpensive method. of punishing adulteration, and he believed it would prove the most effectual mode of preventing it. A similar law. was about to be enforced in France. - In answer to some questions by Mr. MOFFATT, Dr. Hassallrepeated his eidence givenbefore the committ in, July, 15, and said that in 99 cases out of every 1UE he spoke from facts within his own knowledge, and where it,was otherwise he had expressly stated it. After several questions, to show that adulterition did notexist to the extent Dr. Hassalls evidence went to prove, The CHAiwL&N ordered the room to be cleared; and, on the public being re-admritted, he said the commdttee bad received a letter from Dr. Normandy, oneparagraph of which. the committee had decided should be read, in explanation of the evidence of Mr. Robertson and in justice to Dr. Normandy. The paragraph was as follows:- " I told him (Mr. Robertson) that these samples would bano proof of Messrs Gilbertson's usual practice as bakers, but that I would call in a few days at his shop andchoose as oaf there myself; I did so, andlnever denied or affirmedthatl analyzed the samples which Mr. Robertson had bronght me, for, on account of the unsatisfactory result which the analysis of such samples would have given, I kept no memorandum of it; but from the certificate, wh ch itappeaMr. Gilbertson holds, it seems I analyzed them, and that, this analysis agreeing with that of my own sample, I gava him the certificate in question." Thecommittee then adjourned, and it was understoodl that no further evidence would be received, the next meeting of the committee being to consider their report.
STREET ArOISES. TO T'E EDITOE OF THE TMES. Sir,-I thank you most cordially for your able article of to-day on street cries. The grievous injury inflicted on persons not only in London but, onthose who are residing in its suburbs, from want of sleep in the morning, tells more seriously on the constitution than persons are aware of. My occupation in tho c-iy compels me to remain frequently late at 3nght, and, in order to enjoy Xlittle extra repose ill the morning before commencing my daily avocations, Itoolc a house in the suburbs, in what once was a quiet grove; lately, however, a kind of neighbourhood has sprung up, and-with it the abominable miisance you have just condemnedL From 6 or half-past 6 until 9 o'clock the screaming at the very tops of their voice of "watercreaces," "Yarmouth bloaters." &c., by boys, followed up by the mournful cry oE MEilk," "Dust oh 1" and other cries too numerous to mention, renders it next to inpossible for any person tU obtain any further sleep. Bat the worst of it is, we are not exempted even on a Sunday morning. Surely, Sir, there must be some local act which, if put in force, would relieve us of our misery. If you can render u5 further assistance, pray do, and I am sure I may Tenture t say you will confer an everlasting obligation on thousands of your constant readers. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. -s .... . _ ONE OF THEM. ujpur *.names=reeU, amayz. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-You heartily deserve the thanks of all well-disposod persons for the excellent article in this days journial os "Street cries." I live in a soclled "aquiet street," andthe hours you state the cries to commence and end I assure yom are many more than those enumerated by you, for they commence at 7 in the morning and it is 9 at night befora they end-14 hours; and, though you have enumerated several suZerers,fsome not mentioned, and who sincerely deserve your sympathy, are the sick, or those suffering fronm fevers, &c., and to whom of all others quiet is desirable to insure a restoration to health, and who =ight, afterpassing asleepless night, probably obtin some repose, if itwera not for the aboninable cries with which the streets are infested. Do pray, Sir, exercise your powerful influence till tha nuisanoe is abated. I am, Sir. yours. &c.. A SUFFEEXIL nMgt0n.street, t nden.talWn X&y 2.
P-AIBIAMENTARY INTBLLIGBYCE. HOUSE OF LORDS, _RIDAY, MAY 2. Mhe House met at 5 o'clock. lird DUNGANNON presented several petitions agalatA the opening of the Crysa ealace and the British Musoum on Sundays. Th'DIAN AFFARS. The Earl of ALBTBMtAPLE said, that with the view of meeting the convenience of the House, he would postpone the motion of which he had given notice for Monday next for the appointment of a committee on Indian affairs until Konday, the 19th inst. THANKSGIVINWG FOR PEACE. The Bishop of LL&NDAFF obserred that the terms of ler Mjestysproclatnation for a general thanksgiving umposed upon some of his right rev brethren and himself an obligation which it Would Ie very difficult for them to discharge. He felt deeply grateful to the Government for having advised Her Mijesty to invite her subjects to unite in thanksgiving for the restoration of peace, and it would be a matter of great regret to him if any of Her Majesty's subjects were prevented from joining in that thanks- ivmng. By Her Mfajesty's proclamation the archbishops and ishop!s wlee directedto provide forthe timely dispersing of the forms of prayer drawrn up for the occasion through~nt their respective dioceses. When a fast-day was appointed at the commencement of the war, the first official notification he had that such a day had been appointed was -on the very morning of the fast-day, when he received the forms of prayer and thanksgiving for dispersion throughout Lis diocess. Several of his clergy did not receive the form of prayer at all ; some did not receive it until after the fast-day .; and some were obliged to read the form of prayerfromthe newspapers. In consequence of remonstrances which he addressed to the Queen's pnnter, care was taken to obviate this inconvenienco on a subsequent occasion; but kle thou-ht it almostimpossible that in the present case the ornis ot prayer and thanksgiving could be circulated in his diocess. He feared that, as less than a week's notice had been given of the day of thanksgiving, the form of prayer could not have been received in a large proportion of the parLihes in his diocess, and that many of the clergy would only be acquainted with the form through the newspapers. Earl GRANVILLE expressed his regret that the right rev. prelate and the clergy of his diGcess should have been subjected to any inconvenience, but stated that the Government had.thought it right to advise Her Majesty to direct the appoitnent of a day of thanksgiving as soon as possible after the ratification of the treaty had been received. The 3Iilford Junction Railway Bill, the Dundee Harbour mill, and Clarke Thornhills Estate Bill were read a third time and passed. The Earl of DUCIE presented a petition from the body of Protebtaat Dissenting ministers of the three denominations in and about the cities of London and Westminster, prayin for the repeal of all acts whereby provision is made for religious teaching in Ireland. Lord BROUGHAX presented a petition from the Yorkshire branch of the Society for the Protection of Trade, in favour of the bill before their lordships relating to the jurisdiction of the County Courts, but praying that the pro-ision of the present law enabling the parties to a sut, by omnmon consent, to'go before those tribunals with actions involving sums to an unlimited amount should be amended, so as to give the option in question to the plaintiff singly. leasing it to the defendant, if he object to that procedure, toinsist on carrying the case toasuperiorcourt. The " optional clause7 in the existing County Court Act, if not rendered wholly inoperative, was at least greatly clogged by the condition retluiring both the parties to be previously agreed. The LORD CHANCELLOR stated that the point referred to in the petition presented by his noble and learned friend had received his anxions attention. It was perfectly true that the present system was open to objection; and since his bill had been introduced he had been in consulta-tion on tHe subject with Mr. Pitt Taylor, with whose valuable assistance certain alterations had beern prepared in the measure calculated to obviate much of the eNil complained of. Lord BROUGHAlI presented a petition signed by Mr. H. Berkeley, M1.P., as chairman of a society having for its object the adoption of vote by ballot, and praying for the intrmiuction of that principle into the election of members of Parliament. The petitioners particularly called the attention of their lordships to the working of the system of voting by sealed papers in the State of Massachusetts, in -checking the mildue inifluence of employers over their workmen. The nohle and learned lord was nnderstood to disclaim any participation in the prayer of the petition. THE TREATY OF PEACE. The Earl of CLARENDON laid on the tahle, by commnand of Her Majesty, a copy of an agreement entered into three days ago between the Governments ^ England, Erauce, and Austria, and forming the complement to the treaty of peace signed on the 30th of March at Paris by all the Powers represented at the conferences. The noble earl also presented other papers relating to the questions pending between this country and the United States. THE ADDRESS. The Earl of DERBY inquired when the terms of the Addre&s to be moved by the Government on Monday next with regard to the treaty of reace would be made known to their lordships. It was desirable that they should be such as would not provoke-discussion, but, to secure unanimity, they ought to be laid before the House without loss of time. Earl GRANVILLE replied that the terms of the Address ,vould be p rioted ithout delay and circulated among their .ordships before the discussion came on. He iwas not suffltciently acquainted with the views of the noble earl to be able to judge whether the Address was likely to be adopted with un.animity. PROSECUTIONs`S FOR OFFENCES (SCOTLAND) BILL. Lord BROUGHAM laid upon the table a bill to facilitate procedure in prosecutions for offences before the magistrates of Royal burghs in Scotland. The bill was read a first time. MERCANTILE LAW AMENDMENT BILL. The LORD CHANCELLOR, in moving that the report on this bill bo received, observed that he wished to correct an erroneous opinion which appeared to prevail in the city with respect to the first clause, which repealed the 17th section of the Statute of Frauds. That section provided that all contracts above 10. should be in writing, but it contained exceptionis in cases in which there had been either part paymnent or partial receipt of the goods sold. The Mlercantile Law Commisiioners had recommended that, with aview to prevent the litigationto which these exceptions continuallvgaverise, The provision in the Statute of Frauds should be abolished,and that suggestion had been embodied in the present measure. If contracts in writing were the mode which the merchants of London preferred in conducting their business they need uot alter that system, but he understood that in Glasgow, Aranchester, Liverpool, and Dablin it was not the practice to reduce contracts to writing. The bill would leaveit optional to the parties to contract in whatever manner they pleased. Lord CA3IPBELL observed that it was a mistake to suppose that the commerce of the city of London derived any advantage from the operation of the l7th section of the Statute of Frauds. That clause was never resorted to except by the fraudulent, and was no protection whatever to the honest. The repeal of this clause would not effect 'witten contracts. He should recommend the merchants of the city of London to adhere to the practice of having such contracts; btut he thought that to say that no contract should be binding unless it was in writing was unreasonable and mischievous. The exceptions in the clause of the Statute of Frauds led to much litigation; and the merchants of the city of London would, if they followed his advice, withdraw from any opposition to this amendment of the law. Lord OVERSTONLE expressed his satisfaction that this explanation had been given by the noble and learned lords. Hle was sure that it would be carefully weighed by the mercantile body in the city of London; and he should be rejoiced if it were sufficient to remove their apprehensions. He hoped that the bill would not be pressed until they had had tiniYe to give such consideration to the explanation. After a few words from the Earl of 1LARORsB, Tle reports were received. THE CONSUMPTION OF SMOKE IN THE METRO- POLlS. Lord REDESDALE moved the first reading of a bill to amend the existing metropolitan Smoke Act, by repealing the exsemption of glasshouses and potteries from its operation. The bill was read a first time. Earl Gl'ANVILLE moved " that the House on its risin" do adjourn tiH Sunday, and do then meet for the purpose of attending divine service at Westminster Abbey on that day being the day appointed by Her Majesty's proclamation for a general thanksgiving." The motion wvas agreed to, and their lordsliips adjourned at 6 o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMDIONS, FrIDmAY, MAy 2. TIne SPKE.UER took the chair at 4 o'clock. PRIVATE BILLS. The following private hills were read the third time and massed;-Sleaford and Tattershall Turnpike Trust, Aberdeen ail Scottish Midland Junction inilwaay Companies Amalganiations, Coventry Gas, Edinburgh Water, Gravesend Improvement, and Leicester and Welford Road Bills. NEW WRIT. On the motion of Mr. ILHYTER, a vrit was ordered to be issued for the election of a member for Cheltenham, in the rooni of MIr. Grenville Berkeley, who has accepted the office of Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds. Petitions were presented by Sir J. D uyzp, from the ward of Billingagate, in favour of the second reading of the London Corporation Bill, with cettain exceptions; and from the ward of Queenhithe, against the said bill; by Mr. B,tUNES, from the guardians of the Settle Union, for alterations m the Vac:ination Bill; by Sir W. CLA}Y, from the Poor Law guarails,St.George's-in-the-East,anainstthelrish andSeotch Paupers Removal Bill; by Ur. HADFIELD, from the Baptist Union of Great Britain and Ireland, signed by the chairman and secretaries, and representing more than 1,000 congregations of the Baptist denomination, praying the House to inatitute an inquiry as to the means by which the evils resulting from theState churchin Irelandmaybe redressed; from menmbers of the Society of Friends, Sheffield, stating theirumniform testimony that it is contraryto the law of righteousness and truth to compel payment of rates to suppo)rt doctrines at variance with what they deem to be the doctrines of the New Testament, and that they enterItain a strong conscientious objection to the clause and form of declaration proposed by Sir G. Grey in his intended amendment,s of the Church-rate Abolition Bill, and praying- that the same may not pass into a lavw; from -44 ministers and others, members of the Baptist denomination, rEsident in London, Birmingham, Bradford, Sydenhanm, Newcastle-on-Tyne, Devonport, Braintree, Leicester, Kiddertuinster, Whitechu1ch 'he tAfam, Ruddersfield, Brompton, Stona Stratford, Gravesend, Romford, Birken. head, Hunting on, Newark-on-Trent, Frome, Brixton, Battersea, Hammerenith, Eochldale, Scarborough, Andover, Bileswa, Halifax, and . other placer, against. the amendments propoaed by Government to the Church-rate Abolition Bill;-from the P.,. Dr. hPKerrow, Dr. 3tetcale, Dissenting riinliters, and other inhabitants of Manchester, to thasame effect; andfromtheinhabitantsof Langtoft and of Great Driflield, for an ertire abolition of church-rates; by 3r. F uGUSON, from 2,576 inhibitants of Carlisle, and by Mt. JAets ?PGRsGo, from, the clergy, magistrates, and other inhabitants of Sandwich, against theMaynoothGrant; by Mr. At. Sunn, from the guardian of the poor of the Tonbridge -Union, against the Police Bill; by Mr.- W. BROWN, from the directors of the Manchester Commercial Association, praying that the Joint-Stock Companies Act of last session should be repealed as now proposed, and that the remainder of the new bill now before the House should be rejected; by Mr. WrXaIsoN, from the board of guardians of the poor of St. Mary's, Lambeth, against the Scotch and LIish Poor Removal Bill; by Mr. L. DANIES, from the inhabitants of the parish of 32angybie, in the county of Cardigan, against the removal of St. David's College-from Lam. peter to Brncckock; by 3r. S1URLZY, from Cubbington and Lillington, in Warwickahire, against Sir W. Clay's Churchrate Bill; by Sir G TnR, from the inhabitants of the parish of Penmark, in the county of Glamorgan, against the abolition of church-rates ithout some effectual equivalent; by Mr. Pnmsirs, from inhabitants of the parish of Rhydberth, in the county of Pembroke, against the aboEtion of church-rates without due provision for the means of Divine worship; by Lord J. MicsaaERs, from Weeley, Great Clocton, and Greenstead, in the county of Essex, and Northam, in the county'of Devon, against the abolition of church-rates; by Mr.WiGnMr, from the Chancellor, Masters, and scholars of the University of Cambridge, against the biU for the aboli-tion of church-rates; by Mr. FOLEY, against the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent; by Mr. FULLER, from the occupiers of land residing round Brighton, against the Agricultural Statistics Bill; by Mr. M,IAXs, from the guardians of the West Union of London and the city of London, against the Poor Removal Billby Sir J. SHELLEY, from members of the congregation of Craven chapel, Mlarshall-street, Westminster, praying for the discontinuance of all public grants for any reiious teaching in Ireland; also, from medical men residing in Pinlico, against the bills for altering and amending the laws relating to the medical profession; also, fror the churchwardens, overseers, governors, and directors of the poor of the united parishes of St. Margaret and St. John, Westminster-, aainst the bil to amend the law for the removal of the poor chargeable in England who have been born in Scotland or Ireland; by I,ord GoDemics, from the Huddersfield Board of Guardians, for alterations in the Vaccination Bil; also, from the members of the Mechanics' Institute at Odiham, Hants, in favour of opening the civil service to open coinpetition; by Mr. J. C. EWsART, from the select vestry of Liverpool, against certain clauses in the Vaccination Bill; by Mlr. ALCOCK, from the dealers and consumers of hay and strawr in the-metropolis, prayin- for an investigation into the gross frauds in the hay and strav trade, and another by Mr. BP.anY, to the same effect; by Mr. CROSSLE:Y, from a public meeting at Halifax, in favonr of patent fees being reduced to one-half ; and by Lord ELMLEY, from 209 landowvners and occupiers, representing 62.000 acres, in the counties of Worcester and Glocester, and from the owners and occuniers of land in the parish of Elmley Lovett, against the Agrcultural Statistics Bill; from the parishes of Stoniden, Kidderminster, Rushock, and of Chaddesley Corbett, that the returns should be confined to corn and potatoes, as being the principal, if not the only, articles of consunption by the people; also, from the parish of Rushock, against abolition of churchrates. THE CHARTIST EXILES. Mr. T. DUNICOMBE gave notice that, on the question of the adjournment for the Whitsuntide holydays, he should askwhether, in consequence of the numerous petitions .hich hadbeen presentedinfavour of the pardon of Frost, WVilliams, Jones, Smith O'Brien, and other political exiles who had behaved themselves well in the colonies, it was the intention of the Government upon the celebration of peace to advise Her Majesty to grant a free pardon to those persons, and tlhereby to enable them to return to their native land. (Hear, hear.) I LORD STRATFORD DE REDCLIFFE. Mr. J. G. PHILLIMORE gave notice that, onx the earliest opportunity, he should move a resolution to the effect that, Lord Stratford de Redcliffe having neglected to answer the repeated communications addressed to him by General WVilliams, the House feels itself obliged to declare its opinion that such conduct on the part of Lord Stratford was a gross violation of the trust reposed in him by the Sovereign, as well as a manifest neglect of duty. (Cries of " Oh! oh!") WILLS AND ADMINISTRATIONS AND SCOTCH EDUCATION BILLS. Mx. HADFIELD asked whether the Wils and Administrations Bill would be proceeded with before the holydays, or when; and whether it would have precedence of the two Scotch Education Bills of the Lord-Advocate ? Sir G. GREY said that there would be no opportunity of proceeding with the Wills and Administrations Bill before the Whitsuntide holydays; but he hoped that the Lord-Advocate would be able to move the Scotch Education Bills before that period. RUSSIAN FORTS ON THE BLACK SEA. Lord J. MANHNERS.-I asked,a question last night with reference to a statement that appeared in the report of the conferences at Paris upon a point of much importance. In reply, the noble lord at the head of the Govqrnment gave the House to understand that the discussion with repect to the re-erection of the Russian forts on the eastern coast of the Black Sea was never resumed. I then asked if, under the treaty which had been signed, Russia would have the power of re-erecting those forts or not ? To that question the noble lord gave no answer; but subsequently, in the course of the debate, the right hon. baronet the member for Carlisle expressed a very strong and decided opinion that, under the te-mas of the treaty, Russia would not have that right. I therefore wish again to put the question, and to ask whether, under the terms of the treaty, Russia has or has not the right to re-erect those forts on the eastern coast of the Black Sea ? (Hear, hear.) Lord PALMERSTON.-The stipulation of the treaty in regard to the re-erection of works applies to naval arsenals. The treaty distinctly stipulates that there shaU be no naval arsenals restored or constructed within the waters of the Black Sea. The forts on the Circassian coasts do not come within that description; and there is also this distinction between them and naval arsenals, that whereas a naval arsenal is a centre of offence, those forts were simply defensive works for the protection of the smaU garrisons placed there. There is nothing in the treaty which would preclude the Russian Government from exercising its own discretion with regard to those military forts. OATH OF ABJURATION BILL. Sir F. THESIGEPR asked the right hon. member for Manchester if he could fix any day when this bill, which stood as the 19th order for conimittee, would positively be proceeded with ? Mr. GIBSON said that he must appeal to the noble lord at the head of the Government to give him a day, for, if he did not, it was impossible to say when it would come on. Lord PALMERSTOIN.-It is very embarrassing to the Government, which has much important business of its own to forward, to be caUled on to make arrangements for measures introduced by individual members. At the same time, Ifeel that the measure which iny righthon.friend has undertaken is one which, in some shape or other, has in former sessions been introduced by the Government. I. wiltherefore endeavour, in co-operation with my right' hon. friend, to fix some day after Whitsuntide when the' measure can be proceeded with. (Hear.) THE RUSSIAN SHPS IvN THE BLACK SEA. On the motion that the House at its rising adjourn to 31onday, Lord W. GRAHAM wished to ask the First Lord of the Treasury whether, under the additional and transitory article attached to the treaty of peace, the Russians would be allowed to raise the ships now sunk in the harbour of Sebastopol and bring them through the DardaneUles to any other part of the Russian dominions? He had received a letter dated Sebastopol, March 21, 1856, in which it was stated "What you may have read in the newspapers and what I have written to you may lead you to imagine that the ships sunk in this harbour would by this time be rendered worthless by the ravages of the worm. My expectations on that point are disappointed. After a good deal of bungling, w,-e succeeded in blowing up the small brig I told you about. She was built of inferior wood-both oak and deal. I have paid anxious visits to her since she was broken up, and am disappointed to find no trace of wor-mor decay about her. If we had left her undisturbed she might havdbeen raised uninjured, and I have not the least doubt all the sunken ships in this harbour are in the same state, and, if not destroyed by us, will bo raised in triumph by the Russians on our leaving the place. Surely, in the event of peace being concluded, such an occurrence will bo properly gaarded against." Now, if those ships were raised and were brought through the British Channel, in sight of this country, the people of the country would not, he believed, consider that as regarded those ships the stipulations in the treaty of peace -were satisfactory. Lord PALIERSTON.-By the treaty of peace the Russian Government will no longer be permitted to have any fleet of line-of-battle ships in the Black Sea, but there is no restriction upon her naval force in the Baltic. If, therefore, the Russian Government prefer raising those ships, damaged as they necessarily must be, and bringing them round to add therm to her naval force in the Baltic, instead of increasing that force by the addition of new and more efficient ships, I do not think the people of this country will object. I may also state that in the course of the negotiations, a question having arisen as to whether the Russian Government should be allowed to bring round to theBaltic two line-of-battle ships which were at NicholaiefF Her MajesWs plenipotentiary, in accordance with his instructions, said that, as far as the British Government was concerned, there would be no objection to those ships bIring brought round to the Baltic. THE BANDS IN THE PARKS. Lord B. GROSVENOR rose to ask the First Lord of the Treasury whether, supposing any members of the baud now orderee to play in the parb on Sunday afternoon should 1 objedt to do so either fromn conscientious motiveg or from. a, de:ireT to enjoy theit Sunday holyday, they would be re-. leaae from that duty? A.g it had been announced that theo stem of the military buXds plying on a Sunday was to beo extended, no doubt some substantive motiorn would& be' brought forward relating to that simbject; and he would,: therefors, on the present, occaio0 co,mpress his ressarks into aV ery small compass. H hadlong ago come to the conelusion thxt the excessive ;toil of the labouring classes wa a fertile source of evil (hear), end he had alwoys endeavoured tbtai,n some liniitationof that toil by shortening the time for labour, by opening the parks and other methods, and by, preserving to the labouring clases their Sunday holyday intact. Ife knew that it was the opinicin of some persons that' it would be advisable to follow the exaumple of continental States with regard to the observance of Sunday, but such was not his opinion, nor didhe think that it was the opinion of that House. (Hear, bear.) If the Government, how-' ever, were of opinion that it was desirable to provide mvsi cal entertainment upon the Sunday, the proper course far them to adopt would be to come for-ward in that House and ask for a grant of money to defray the expense. Whatever might be the opinion of the Government upon that subject% he trusted they would agree with him that no person ought to be compelled to take part in those musical entertainments on a Sunday who felt a conscientious objection, to doing so, and his religious liberty coerced b the stern power of military discipline. (Hear, hear.) 7e believed that to sanction such a course would be repugna nt to the feelings of that House and of the country, ana who31y inconsistent waith the principles of religious liberty. It should be borme in mind that it was impossible to provide amusement for one part of the peoplo on the Sunday without trenching upon the religious liberty of another 'part, and that it would be much more desirable to establish a halfbolyday on Saturday and provide musical entertainments on that day. Perhaps the noble lord at the head of the Goverument had taken no part in this movement, and it was only a freak of the Chief Commissioner of Works (a laugh); but still he trusted that the noble lord would not treat the question as one of military discipline, but would give the House an assurance that he wsoc3d communicate with Lord Hardinge upon the subject, and endeavour to obtain from him'a promise that members of the bands should not be forced to perform on Sunday against their Will. Sir D. L. EVANTS did not yield to the noble lord in his respect for the principles of religious liborty, but this was a question involving military discipline, and which ought tobe left to the commander-in-chief. As an old soldier, he warned the noble lord of the danger of introducing into that house religious questions as affecting military discipline. If the principle of the noble lord were confirmed, where was it to end ? There was a variety of duties which a soldier was compelled to perform on a. Sunday, and thewholesubject was a verydelicate one, and one which it would be better not to introduce into that house. (Hear, hear.) He did not yield to any one in respect for religious liberty, but the principle of the noble lord might tend seriously to impair good order and discipline. Sir J. TROLLOPE wished to address one word to the House on behalf of the commanding officer of one of the regiments whose band was required to play on a Sunday in the public parks. That gallant officer understood that the right hon. baronet (Sir B. Hall) had stated that it was with the entire concurrence of that gallant officer that his band attended in the parks on a Sunday. He had been requested by that gallant officer, who was the commanding offlcer of the 2d Regiment of Life Guards, to state that it was not with his wish or assent that the band so attended, but that it was in obedience to orders from a higher quarter. (Hear.) The Marquis of BLANDFORD begged respectfully to enter his most solemn protest against the principle laid down the other evening in regard to the Government affording amusement to the publie on a Sunday. If this principle were adopted one most important s;ocial right enloyedby the people of this country-namely, the one day's rest in seven hitherto secured to the working classes-would be most seriously imperilled. It was possible the noble lord rnight say that a soldier was bound by military duty to perform in the parks on a Sunday. That was the argument of the hon. and gallant member for Westminster But this did not appear to him (the Marquis of Blandford) to be a point of military discipline. If the question were to be confined to one merely of compensation to the soldier forperforming these duties, that would resolve the whole matter into a contract between the Government and the soldier, and would in no degree fall within the rule of a military duty. If the men were under military discipline, then the colonels of the regiments would be equally under military discipline; but this was no arraneement between the Government and the colonels of the regiments whose bands were employed, but it was an agreement between the Commander in Chief and the Government. Supposing the colonel had conscientious objections to his band playing on a Sunday, in whatposition would he he placed in refusing to comply with the orders of his military chief 7 It was well known that the Government did not pay for the hand; it was raised and supported at the e.pense of the officers. The colonel might send only one portion of the hand to play;* or he might send the whole band without their instruments, for the instruments were the property of the officers. An instance had actually occurred where a colonel, having an objection to the employment of his band, when ordered to send it on a certain occasion, sent them with their swords without their instruments. Should any such cases frequently occur it w/ould bring military authority into disrepute. Some colonels would rather cut their right hand off than offend their religious scruples; -and thus might often happen instances of disobedience to the orders of the Commander in Chief. No doubt great numbers of persons resorted to the parks on a Sunday to enjoy the pleasure of a walk in theopenair therewasno harm in that. It was a rational amusement, and he wished to see the people partake as much innocent recreation in the open air of a Sunday as could be provided ; but he wished, at the same time, the Government to consider the great inconvenience of 60,000 or 70,000 persons being collected together in Kensington Gardens; aud whether it was not calculated to destroy the privacy of the neighbourhood, and to create the greatest nuisance'? (Cries of " Oh, oh !") At all events, the principle which had been laid down by the right hon. baronet was perfectly novel in this country. In foreign countries it was the custom to provide amusements for the people on a Sunday, but in this country the pIe were left to provide their own amusements. This Mig, therefore, a new principle, hewished toknow whether it had been made a Cabinet question ? It was at present but a small matter, but it was the beginning of a much larger one. If, then, the Government had resolved to provide public amusements at the public expense, they might fairlyask whether it had been made a Cabinet question. It had been determined that the British MIuseum and the National Gallery should not be opened on a Sunday, but if the Government were to sanction the principle of providing amusement for the public, they might enter into a contract with the proprietors of the Crystal Palace for offering amusement to the public on the Sunday. M,r. OTWAY had never heard a more singular argument than that which had just been advanced by the no le marquis. The noble lord stood forth as an advocate for popular recreation; and had said that he was most anxious that the parks and other open spaces where they might enjoy pure air should be accessible to the people. And yet, while supporting that argument, he complained that by the parks being opened to the populace, the performance of the nds attracted so many thousands of the inhabitants of this metropolis to the parks that it disturbed the privacy of himself and other gentlemenlivingin the vicinity. There was another inconsistency on the part of the noble lord. The object of the noble lord was that the parks should be open for the recreation of the people on a Sunday; but that impliedthe necessity of many persons bein' inattendanco at the parks. The noble lord did not extend any portion of that sympathy to those individuals which he had so largely and, as it appeared to him (MIr. Otway), so unreasonably extended towards the regimental bands. The noble lord had stated t'at on one public occasion the band, being partially under tho control of the colonel of the regiment and of the officers in their corporate capacity, was sent without their instruments and with their swords only. He believed that to be the fact, as he had the honour of holding a commission in the regiment in which it took place. But that was a circumstance very easily to be dealt with, according to the rules of common sense. If it were necessary for military purposes to have a band attached to a regiment, the band ought not to be provided at the partial expense of the regiment itself (hear, ear);but the whole expense ought to he provided for by the country. (Hear.) The officers, who already received verysmalpayfortheir services, ought not to be muleted of 30 days' pay in order that the regiment might have a band. He could not resume his seat without expressing his thanks to the right hon. baronet the Chief Commissioner of the Board of Works, and also to thenoble lord at the head of the Government, for the great service and benefit they had conferred on the people of this metropolis by the innocent recreation which had been afforded to them by allowing the military bands to perform in the parks on a Sunday for their amusement. He trusted the right hon. baronet would not b0-Pe deterred from ursuig hispresent course by what had fallen from the noble lord the member for Middlesex (Lord . Grosvenor), for whose motives ho (Mr. Otway) entertained the most profound respect, but who, he believed, was advocating viewsthat were altogether opposed to the wishes of thepeople. (Hear, hear.) He sinerely hoped that the Government would allowv this innoent means of recreation to continue, and that they would soon see the 70,000 persons who now attended the parks turned into 140,000. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WIGRAM said, the hon. gentleman was in error in supposing that the object of the noble lord (the Marquis of Blandford) was to keep the parks quiet for his own pnvacy. (Hear.) It was also quite a mistake to suppose that tnis was a question whether it was consistent with the due observance of Sunday to visit the parks and listen to music on that day. The question involved was of supreme importance to the worldng men of this country. (Elear, hear.) Any one acquainted with the great shippin ' ports of Southampton andliverpool must be aware that tle working mea were compelled to work in the docks during the whole of Sunday, owing to the great zeal and zest with which the makdng of money was pursued, and that evils arose from the practice of a most lamentable and serious character. One thing which had hitherto suppressed the practice was the prevalence of sound religious opinion as to the obsemnce of SuLday; and the important point in the present question was, whether the Government were, by the force of their example, in employing persons to work for amusement, to establish the principle a Joriori that they might be em- ployed for profit. He saw no distinction between the two. He thought it impossible to exaggrwate the importance of, the matter to the labDuring elasses. It was useless to talk of military duty. The proposal came from tbe Woods and; Forest, and he could not see what difficulty there could be in the Chief Commissioner informing the House whether he would take eare due regard should bo had for theconscien-, tious scruples of those soldiers who mre asked to play. (Hear, hear.) Ir. ADDERILEY wished to poirt out that the noble marquis (Blandford) had pet avery grave and legitim&te tuestion-not-whetherit ws wpointof nilitaryduty that the bands should ploy, when ordered, on Sunday as any otherday, but wietber therFirstCommasionerofWorks could justify contravening a principle laid down by a recent vote of the. House of Commons. It 'wa not the Sunday queston, but a grave don ati _9tionn. Heo derstood the vote of the House, tf<_ n u:lder the :n. fuence ot a poVwerful speech 'by the hon. and learned mnember f,r I outh (M. . - Pnalnor), laid- down :the principle that while nothing was more Droper than that parks and pubWc, grounds should be thrown open to tne pu'alic on Sunday, yet that anything like conooTsreS <s pcople, or & large orgauizationDXO 'spec tacles, the -Al k-2presntatlons, And =ll that class of public amusements belonged to the customs of other countries, but Wes dissonant to tEe habits, customs, and feelings of this country. (Chee-s.) That principle was laid down by a large majority, and no one could doubt that the decision --was inpe'led by the very. prevalent feeling of the community. That being the case,he was goingtosay it w#s II a dodge, but it was cheatingtheHoussoutof theprincipleThey had affirmed, for a Minister of State to take upon hirratlf to instituate, organize, and to say he intended more largely to organize these concourses of pceople in the parks. Havin succeeded £o well in one p ark, this amusement, writh th addition of efreshment booths, ws to be extended to every other park in the usetropolis. However consonant the plan might be with the foeEngs of the pee, he called upon the First Commisnsioner to state whether his proceedings were consonant with the constitution of England? (Hear, bear.) No doubt, a band would draw a great rabble of people anywhere, hut, judging from the petitions to the House, the better classes were not favourable to such an arrangement. He knew the First Commissioner was connected with high and distinguished families in Prussia and perhaps, iavng seen their customs abroad, the riht hon. gentleman thought it far more philosophical to in. troduce the Prussian mode of keeping Sunday into EnglandThe people of England took a differentview, and he thought it humliating to hear the member for Stafford (Mr. Otway) thank the Government, asif it weretheir duty, asinancieat Rome, to afford games for the people. (H ear, hear-) He suggested that'the noble lord should bring the House to a distinct vote upon the question before it became a settled institution at the mere will and pleasure of the right hon. baronet, and in opposition to an opinion so recently expressed. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DRUJMMOND said that, so far from thinking it beneath the duty and dignity of Government to provide Circenses as well as pVanen for the people, his opinion was, that they went a great deal too far in the oPposite direction. (Hear, hear.) For a great number of years past, perhaps unintentionaly, the effect had been produced of almost altogether depriving the people of recreations they formerly enjoyed, and nothing had been given them instead. He would not now go into that question, though he should be quite ready to discuss it fully when it was brought forward. Nor would he go into another Doint, as to the difference, which some gentlemen did not seem t- have very accurately defined, between a festival and a fast. But he rose for the purpose of reminding the noble lord (Palmerston) of a case precisely analogous. The noble lord was Secretary of War at the time. Two friendsof his were in the artillery, at Malta. and were ordered to fire salutes during the celebration of what some perEons would call idolatrous worship. They were censured on the spot for their refusaL The case was remitted to this country. It was considered of sufficient importance for the Duke of Wellington to demand a court-martial on those two officers, and they were both "broke." He had great intercourse with Sir George Murray then, but he thought the ground on which it was put by the Dake was perfectly unanswerable. The Duke put it in this way-" If I were to permit two ultra-Protestants, who choose to call the ceremonies of the Roman Catholic church idolatrous, to refuse on that account to have any participation in some military duty, what should I have done with the Spanish and Portugueso troops if a banner of the Virgin had been hung out at Badajos and they bad refused to fire upon the place 7" A military man must not draw distinctions. He must be a machine, and if he does not choose to be a machine let him leave the service. It was tiresome enough to deal with -other people's consciences, but for Heaven's sake let them hear nothing of the consciences of military officers. (Hear, hear.) Sir B. HAILL was anxious to say a few words in consequence of the attack made upon him by the hon. member or Staflordshiro(Mr. Adderley). The hon. member stated that, presuming on some power he might have as Mlinister of the Crown, he had contravened a vote of the House of Comunons given very recently, He denied any such allegation. HEe was not aware that this subject was brought at aDl into that discussion. Mr. ADDERLEY had said the principle of the vote had been contravened. Sir B. HALL would remind the House that last autumn Le took the course which he was now following. No objection was made to it. He believed, on the contrary that the great mass of the community-and it coud not be supposed they were all irreligious-cordially approved it. (Cheers.) The hon. gentleman had taunted him because he was connected with some foreigners. He wasproudto be immediately connected with one of the most distinguished men in Prussia, ML Bunsen, who was his brother-in-law. (Hear, hear.) What the hon. gentleman meant to say was, that in consequence of that connexion he bed taken theoCOUrse which since last autumn hehad pursued. He also denied that allegation. (Hear.) The noble lord the member for Woodstock said that it was the practice and almost the duty of foreign Governments to .provde some recreation for the people on Sundays, but that it was the fist time that recreation had been offered to the people of this country on Sundays, and that expenses had been incurred in reference to that object. He denied that allegation also. He remembered when it was firs6t proposed to open Hamnpton-court Palace and New-gardens on Sundays. Pecisey the same objections were made to the intentions and acts of the First Commissioner of Works when those public places were opened on Sundays which were taken now to the course he had adopted. (Cheers.) Since that period votes had beer, grantedfor the purpose of paying persons to watch and protect property, sD that the public might be admitted without damage to those places of public resort. But, although great objections were taken at the time to the opening of Hampton-court and Bew-gardens on Sunday, and although the number of -visitors at ampton-court was frequently 20,000 and to -the Gardens 14,00 or 2o,00(, yet he would undertake to say that from the time they were opened to the present moment -no member of the House of Commons had got up to complain of the recreation thus afforded to the public by the First Coammissioner of Works. (Hear, hear.) And if any hon. gentlemau should get up and propose to shut up these places of resort on Sundays, he venturedto say he would get very little support in that house. (Cheers.) The noble lord complained that a great nuisance was created by the number of uersons assembled in Kensington-gardens on Sundays. He did notthink that any such nuisance had been created. (Loud cheers.) To him it was one of the most pleasurable sights (cheers) to see the great masses of the peoplethus collected. Thero was adistinctionbetweena mob and a crowd, and he must express his conviction that the crowd collected to hear thesebandshad conducted itself in an admirablemanner. (Cheers.) But there hadbeenother assemblages in Hyde Park. (Cries of "Hear, hear.") A great deal had been said depreciatory of the conduct of that assemblage, which amounted, indeed, to a real desecration of the Sabbath. (Hear, hear.) But he did not view the assemblage of personsto hearthe music of the militarybands in the samoe hht. (Hear, hear.) He could assure the House that he hadreceived communications from every part of the metropolis thanking him for the course he had taken-urging him to continueit, and begging hii notto allowhimselfto be diverted from his intentions, or to suppose that the people who went to the parks to listen to this music were actuated by irreligious feelings or the desire to desecrate adastpart for bctter purposes. (Hear, hear.) He declined to go iato the question of military discipline; hut there was one point touched upon by t.he hon. baronet the member for Lincolashire to which ho must refer. What be (Sir B. Hall) stated previously was, that he had communicated with the commander-in-chief, requesting him to allow the bands to play, and leaving it to him to communicate with the commanding officers of regiments. All that he had stated with regard to Colonel Williams was, that those arrangements which were madesubsequentlyto the order received by him from the commander-in-chief had obtained his concurrence. All he hoped was that we had not come to atime when we were tobe deprived of those recreations that had always been regarded as innocent. (Loud cheers.) Mr. WALPOLE said that the objections to the course which the rght hon. gentleman was pursuing were very strong. The House had recently voted by a large majority that places of amusement under the control of tAe Government should not be opened on Sundays. (Cheers.) The right hon.baronetwould allow him to remind him, also, that the petitions presented with reference to that question almost all expressed an opinion against allowing the bands to play in the Queen's pars on Sundays. (Hear, hear.) He heartily concurred in the hope expressed by the right hon. baronet that the time was not c0ning when we were about to be deprived of our most innocent recreations; for he thought that a Puritanical Sundaywas one of the last things to be desired. (Hear.) But there was abroad distinction between interfering with private persons in their innocent recreations, and introducing a now custom which was not alatable to a very large portion of the public. (Cheers.) E know that this opened up the general question as to what the House of Commons ought to do with reference to the obser-ance of the Sabbath, into which he did not propose to enter. But his notion was that the observance of the Sabbath ought to be left to the private consciences of individuals (cheers); but he thought also that the nation, as a nation, and the Government, as a Govermuent, ought never to require from its public officers an abandon- ment of a day of rest. That was the only ground i which the Government could take, as a Government., This was a 'plain, broad, and distinct line, and all the rest ought to be left to the conscience of individuals. The hon. and gallant officer had deprecated any interference between a commander-in-chief and the soI-diem under him. Upon that subject he, as a civilian, had hardly the right to give an opinion; but it seemed to him' that it had nothing to do wvith the question, for the question was not whether the House should interfere between the soldier and the commanding officer, but whether the civil authority was to put the military authority in motion to operate upon the commanding officer and the soldier in a manner very unpalateable toLte public. (Cheers.) Reference had been made to. the case of two officers who had been broken. 20 years ago for having refused to qresentl arms upon the elevation of the host at Malta, and his ho:n.i and ganaut friend had for many years endeavoured to haTe, those officers reinstted, becausethatws akind of disciraie that ought not to be enforced. He did not wish to &ter' into this subject, but the question was whether, before these new customs were introduced, the Government ought not ,fairly to conic down to Pariamnent and propp,se the introduction of these practices, and take the .nction of the 3'House it it were disposed to give that san+ion ; but not to introduce them by the arbitrary power of a Minister of the Crown againsit the -wish of the Hotuse and the people. (Cheers.) Colonel NORTH hoped that the, noble viscount at the -head of the Government wouldnot at theinvitation of hon. members, draw the line and ss -when the soldier ought to -obey-the orders of -N' oommAnderTh d-&f,a reoi. Ibentyras comnpose OF J:tvate -ldien and if they - obeyed: the coinraands o, their officers they were liable t;. 1 hereturued tothe ra,nks and do duty as private soldiers. Me did not lnowlm-ht wrould become of the army if they carried this liberty of conseience into the ranks. A coIonae of a regiment migat be ordered to an attacl, and might think he had 500 or. 600 soldiers ready to follow him to the ! death, and then he might Jind that 500 of them would not pull atrigger, because, in the exerciseof theirliberty of conscienoe, they objected to take tho lives of their fellow-creature&. If they once allowed this system to be introduced into the rmy it would not end with liberty of conscience.in religious matters, but every soldier would be told that it was, a violation of the liberty of the subject to oblige him to return to his quarters at a certain;hour. (Hear, hear.) ILord PALMERSTON.-I agree with my hor. and galant friendthe member for Westminster in thinking that it would be exceedingly inexpedient-to use no stronger word for this House to take upon itself the administration of the discipline of the army. (Cheers.), It would ba Tery inconvenient, and not altogether expedient, excepting in very rare and peculiar cases, for the House to interfere in any act of the military authorities enforcing the regular discipline of the service; and I must say that, if the House pleases to assume and to discuss hypothetical cases as to when the soldier ought or ought not to obey his superiors, it Will striike a very severe blow nt the discipline of the army. (Cheers.) The question put by my noble friend the member for Middlesex was simply one of military discipline, however he may think otherwise]; for he asked what course would be pursAed by officers commanding regiments, or by the higher authorities at the Horse Guards, if certain members of regimental bands were to decline, on conscientious grounds, to obey an order to play in the parks on Sunday. Lord R. GROSVENOR.-I beg the noble lord's pardon, but he has not stated the purport of my question quite accurately. What I asked was, whether the noble lord would communicate with the Commander in Chief and obtain a promise f-om him that no soldier should be compelled against his will to play in the parks on Sunday? (A laugh.) IOrd PALMERSTON.-That is not only inquiring what the Government would do in a certain case, but asking them to pnrsue a particula- course. I must respectfully decline to enter into an explanation upon such a point, the case being altogether hypotheticaL (Cheers.) But I feel it n-ight to say, after what has taken place, that if any responsibility attaches to my right hon. friend the President of the Board of Works for the course he has pur sued, that responsibility falls equally upon myself (hear, hear); for my right hon. friend communicated fully and unreservedly with me beforo he took any steps inx the matter under consideration, and he acted with my entire concurrence. (Cheers.), Nor do I by any means conceive that the course pursued by my right hon. friend is at variance with the decision of the House,npon the resolution for opening the British Museum on Sundays; for, if one thing remains in my memory more strongly than another, it is that those who opposed that resolution, in which I myself concurred, drew a distinction between the opening of the Museum and perinitting free and unrestricted access to the parks and other public spaces on Sunday. (Hear, hear.) It is said that the playing of bands in the parks is a new thing. I deny altogether that assertion. (Cheers.) My recollection must greatly mislead me if I do not remember that, in early times, bands used to play in Kensington Gardens on Sunday. A band plays regularly at Windsoron that day (cheers)-a practice continued from the time of George M., who was a monarch known to be attached, above all others, to the religious institutions of the country, and therefore there is no novelty in the matter. Again, I mustdispute theconclusionat whichtherighthon. gentleman, the member for the University of Cambridge, has arrived, that the presence of instrumental bands in the parks is the first step towards the employment of the labouring classes on Sunday. The reverse is the fact. (Cheers.) Anything that gives to the labouring classes in this great metropolis an additional value to the Sunday-that may induce them to resist any temptation which their wages may offer for the employment of their labour, so far from being a step in the direction stated by the right hon. gentleman, is a fresh barrier opposed to Sun. day labour. (Cheers.) Of course a great deal must depend upon the will of the working classes themselves; and if you give them a new motive for reserving the Sunday free from labour you throw an additional obstacle in the way of those wvho might be interested in inducing them to give up that day to purposes of toil. (Cheers.) I attach a3 much value as any man to the preservation of that religioun distinction which has been established between Sunday and the other days of the week; but I cannot think that affording to the population of this great city the means of some intellectual amusement, combined with the recreation of air and exercise in those open spaces which Parliament as the guardian of the public purse has provided for such purposes, is a thing that deserves the censure and disapprobation of the House. (Cheers.) I think that my noble friend the member for Woodstock was rather unfortunate in the objection he made, that the nccommodation of large numbers of people in those open spaces on Sunday was a departure from the purposes for which they were reserved. (Hear, hear.) My noble friend argued that by drawing great masses of people there we prevent the few from enjoying that contemplative solitude which induces them to believe that they are in some remote region of the country, and not in the immediate neighbourhood of a vastmetropolis. (Laughter.) Iwouldsay, on the otherhand, that the greater the number of people attracted thither the stronger the proof that it has been a vise and proper appliEation of the public money to provide such outlets for those who during the rest of the week are confmeed to their workshops, their narrow alleys, their unwholesome rooms, and the insalubrity of their places of hard and habitual exertion. (Cheers.) If I think that it would be inexpedient for the House to consider questions of military discipline, I regard it as of more importance still that we should abstain from discussing questions of religious doctrine. (Loud cheers.) Let the people act, as has been said, according to their consciences. M ighthon. friend the President of the Board of Works does not compel any man to go to 1 ensington Gardens or the parkzs to hear the band play. Those who go do so because they think there is no harm in it. Munltitudes do go, and therefore it is manifest that multitudes concur with my right hon. friend in thinkiing that there is no desecration of the Sabbath ingoing fora couple of hours, after the performance of their religious duties, to enjoy an intellectual pleasure combined with the recreation of air and exercise. (Cheers.) The subject was then allowed to drop. EDIUCATION GRANTS. Sir G. GREY said, that last year and the year before statements were made detailing the mode in which the education grants were expended. The explanations accompanying the estimate which had been laid upon the table this year were far more detailed and comprehensive than on -former occasions; but if further explanation should be required he should be prepared to give it when the estimate came to be discussed. THE MILITIA. Colonel GREVILLE said, he understood that it was the intention of the Government to send home to their respective counties the Irish and English regiments of militia, and that orders had been issued to that effect to the commanding officers of regiments. He owned that he should view with considerable apprehension many thousands of men being thrown upon the country all at once without any provision being made for them. Mtany of those men were iabourers, and not only had their places been filled up by others, but just at this time there was a great scarcity of employment, for the spring labour was over snd the harvest was yet distant. (Hear, hear.) He wished to know whether the Government intended to disembody these regiments simultaneously or by degrees? The conduct of the militia had, on the whole, been most exemplary, and he thought that they deserved some consideration at the hands of the Government. (Hear, hear.) Colonel FRE'NCH concurred in urging this question upon the attention of the Government, ana pointed out the difference in the position of the EDnglish and the Irish militiathe latter having been embodied for so short a period that every shilling wvhich the subaltern offlcers had received in the shape of pay from the country, had been consumed in the necessary expenses of outfit, eontributions to the mes, band, and so forth. Mr. PEEL was understood to say, that the Irish militia would be disembodiedat the same time as the English. The question of what gratuity should be given to subaltern officers in consequence of beirg disembodied sooner than they anticipated, was umder the consideration of the Government. AfASTERS IN THE NAVY. Mr. LAYARD asked th2 First Lord of the Admiralty why, notwithstanding an order in Council, only one ms3ter, had been promoted to tle rank of lieutenant in the 3navy, and not one to the rank of commander, out of 109 masters and second masters mentioned in despatches for special and distinguished services Luringthe late war? Sir C. WOOD said, ^hat the bon. gentleman was mistaken if lie supposed that every master who u-as mentioned in despatches had n2eessasily performed very distinguished services. A considerable number of masters, however, had been promotedtu situations in the dockyards and in other wayn. Sir C. NAPIER said, that he should not be doing his dntr if he did not say a word in behalf of the masters of tl,1o oyal Navy. They were a most meritorious and use"l class of officers, and he was sure he did not know what, he should have done without them in the Baltic. . He trastei that the Government would take their claims into their most favourable consideration. In reply to Mr. PACEE, Mr. ILOWE stated that the second reading of the Agricultural Statistics Bill would not be moved before'the Whitsuntide recess. THE BUDGET. Mr. GLYN asked upon what day the CTancellor of the Exchequer intended to make his financial utatement? The CHANCELLOR of the- EXCIIEQUER.-I should have preferred maidng it before Easter, but it was impoSsible to calculate the anrount of ways and means neessary for the service of the year until the estimtbes had beis laid before the Houe in a complete form, and the amendment of the estimates, since the peace was iigned, has oocupied more time than I had aniticipated. The amended estimate for the War Department has now been sent to the Treasury, ad willinmmediately be laid upon the table, the estimnate for the Naval Department is also ready, with the exception of one portion, and- ill be uresented in a few days. Every day before the Whitsauntide recess is; however, -already -occupied, and as, probably, it would not be convenient to fix Friday,the day upon which the House will meet again, for mai-ing the finsacial statement, I will fx it for Monday, the 19th inst. (Hear, hear.) The motion for the adjournment was then agreed to. THE A2iERLIC QiEsION. Lord PALIMERSTON laid upon the table papers relating to the differences with America with respectto the question of enlistment. POLICE (COUNTIES ALND BOROUGHS) BILL. The House then went into committee upon this biL - Upon clause 3, which empowered the Secretry of State, upon representations from boroughs, to arrange terms of consoliation vith counties, Sir J. PAXINGTON asked the right hon. gentlemiL whether he was aware of any instance inwhich a borou-h had desired that its police should be amalgamated with the county police, and tne request had been refused? HE believed thera were only 13 instances in which an asnalgamation of this kind had taken place. Sir G. GREY said, by the present law consolidation could only take place by mutual agreement and might be dissolved either by the county or the borough at any timi. He objected to compulsory consolidation, but it was impossible that an (eficient police could be kept up in boroughs with a small population, and it was therefore desirable -that consolidaticn should be encouraged. He wvas not aware that any case had yet occurred in which counties had refused consolidation with boroughs for hitherto there had been a disinclination to consolidate on the part of boroughs, but this bill would probably remove that disiclination, and therefore it was thought expedient to give the Secretary of State the power conferred on him by the present clause. ; Lord LOVAIllE thought the clause would be inoperative, but as the power it conferred upon the Secretary of State might prove to be useful he should support it. Sir J. PARINGTON observed that the borough he -represented had amalgamated their police with the county, but the 13th clause of the bill, which must be taken in connexion with the present clause, and which enacted that agreements for consolidation should not be determinedwithout the sanction of the Secretary of State, had so excited the alarm of his constituents that they had given siotice to put an enid to the amalgamation. He recommended the right hon. baronet to withdraw both clauses. Many boroughs were willing to amalgamate w,ith the counties, hut they would decline to do so if the arrang-ements were made to partake of the indissoluble character of a matrimonial union. Sir G. GREY agreed in thinking that the 13th clause must be taken in connexion with the present. If the committee should determine that the 13th clause should not stand part of the bill, he would then consent to the omission of the third clause. The clause was then agreed to, as was also clause 4. On clause 5, which enacts that constables are to perform daties connected with the police as di-ected by the Justices, Mr. ADDERIEY objected to the unlimited power given by th clause, and moved the insertion of words to define the duties to be undertaken by the police-viz., "The dutiem of inspectors of weights aud measures, the duties of inspectors of lodinghouses, that they shal serve summonses, precepts, and notices, and undertake the conveyance of prisoners5." Sir 3. PAK.IGTON pointed out that the amendment wasunnecessary, as it was already provided in the clause that all duties to he undertaken by the police, in addition to their ordinary duties, should be such as were connected with the police. M1r. RICE said, his objection to the clause was that it limited the magistrates too strictly. Mr. E. B. DENISOM was of the same opinion, and moved the omission of the words "connected with the police." Mr. HENILEY and Lord EnRmTox sunported the omission of the words. Sir G. GREY thoughtthe objection would be obviated by substituting the words, " such duties as justices of the Peace may la fully require them to perform." The amendment was then withdrawn. fr. HEADLAtI said, this clause enacted that the constables should, in addition to their ordinary duties, perform all such duties " connected with the police" as the justices in quarter sessions should require. He thought the words " connected with the police" were unnecessary, and therefore moved that they be omitted. After some discusbion the committee divided, when the numbers were:- For the amendment ... ... ... ... 73 Against it. ... 77 Majority... .. .. ..-4 The clause was then agreedto. On clause 6, which provides that constables shall not receive fees, being read, Mr. PRICE moved the addition of the following words t > the clause -" Or which may bo payable to, or -be apJed4 in aid of, any polce superannuation fund established or to. be established in any borough under the provisions of the act Uth and 12th of Victoria, chap 14." Mr. HARDY said, the right hon. theHome Secretary had stated on a former occasion that the superintendent of police at Leominster was paid by fees forthe performance of -what were essentially police duties, and that the police sergeants and other constables were not allowed to serve warrants or perform duties which would interfere with the perquisites of the chief officer of police. The right hon. baronet must have made that statement upon misinformation, for the police of Ieominster were paid byfixed salaries, the superintendent receiving 1?. 14s. a-weelk, with a holusa and garden; the patrol sergeant 16s. a-weel;, and the constables s, a-week each; and ia the absence of the superintendent the sergeaats and other polcemen were empowered to serve warrants and summonses and to discharge similar duties. Sir G. GREY had made the statement to which the hon. gentleman referred upon the authority of a printed copy of the polce regulations for the borough of Leominster, which had been transmitted, under the act of Parliament, to the office of the Secretanry of State, and under those regulatiorsi it appeared that the superintendent of police was entitled to receive certain perquisites. In reply to Sir J. WuxsLEa, Sir G. GREY stated that it would be competent, under this measure, for justices of the peace in counties, and for watch committees in boroughs, to reward constables for extraordinary exertions. The motion was then agreed to, and the clause was adopted. On clause 7, which disqualifies borough constables fromn voting at Parliamentary elections, Mr. HORSFALL said, he did not expect such a propo6ition would come from a Liberal Government, and as he saw no good reason for disfranchising borough constables, he would move the omission of thev words " Or within six calendar months after he has ceased to be such constable be capable of giving his vote for the election of a member to serve im Parliament for such borough, or any county, in or to which such borough is situate, either wholly or in part, or adjoins, or for any boroughwithiD any such count_, nor shall any such constable." ' Sir G. GREY explained that tie words "within. six months" were intended to prevent an evasion of tih disqualification by a man ceasing to be constable one day, voting the next, and agaimu beconag constable the day following. Sir J. WALISLEY opposedl The disfranchisement of borough constables. Mr. PACKE supported the claxse, deeming it essential that the constabulary should be free from all poeitiral bias. Mr. BIGGS denied that it was the practice- of borough corporations to appoint their polce from poritia consideralions. Any allegation ofi that hnd couldY only- originate in ignorance, (Alan h. Edacation, character, and physical strength wvere the ozl auallications requizedifor borough constables. Lord LOVANThE readY evirence to show thYat the publichouses belonging to memberof the Liverpcol Watch Committee were rarely reported 3y the police fce ;:their irregularities, and thattheir spectieu to'whilch sucla places 'were subjected wras infe sr -imad s ncy to that axtondedMto other houses of entertai nment. Sir G. GREY said thod Parliament ?hod disquaBiSed thet metropolitan police frontaidng apartOnelections, it being held necessary toaumove fronthe arenaof politican body on whose firmness3, forbieance, and iim;zrtiality iza times of popularexciterneut thepublic peace so-greatly depended. The same considerations were equally amplicable to other constabulary. Ile the loGn, member for Liverpool objected to the entire cla,use,i -would be useess- then. ta discuss an amendment: iitersnre woraing. la. Ho: OsE A T: did not oppose- the wholk clause. The police should be d&4arzed from ineencing elections, but not from the ecrciseoo their franchise. Moerver, in times of disturban2aethe spesial constahisa ere called out, and yet they ofte- consite of voters. Sir J. ?AKLN GTON thougt it desirhle toprevent the possihiliaw of police-constables, being seized up in party politics. (Che;ers.) Theque6t;ton was whherther h police should. remnai all blue as a'. present, ox be divided into blu.e and ysw. (A laugh.) Be should like to secthe clause exten ded t- 3nmuncipal as welt as Parliamentary elections. Mr. CROSSLEY was glad to fin Her Majesty's Gover - mezat were about to extend the frnc chise, for it was impossible- that police-constabes receiving 1Ce, and 1Ss. a-week conld rive in houses of 101. a-year. He should support the alause, for hethought it better that the police should not have a vote at elections. Mr. HEADLAM should be satisfied with disfranchising a police-constable wfhile in tho force, and not take away his vote for six months after he had ceased to be a constable. Mr. W. J. FOX was in favour of giving the police *n opportAunity of voting in elections, in which they must feel as much interest as other people. 31 r. BBNTINCK thought the hon. mernber for Liverppo0 ought to show'vwhy the regulations in force in the couvtY polic were not also applicable toboroughs. (Hear.) Mr. WISE thon ught it would be sufficient to disfranchlse the police for two months after they had been ia the force. Mr. FOPSTER was glad the police were to be d raachised, but he should prefer one month to six. Sir S. BIGNOLD said that he had been requested, o0 behalf of the borough of N orwicch, to support this clause, -s being in accordance with the feelings of the police force. The watch committee of that borough sacicted the police without regard to politic31 consideratinus) but whena an lee-
SALOMONS, Mayor, A COMMON COUNCIL, holden. in the Chamber of the Guidhall of the CitY of londoc. on Flidar. tha gd-d&y,of fay. 3S;6, nesolved unanimously. that a loyal and dutilul Addreleof Cotelatu on be presented to Her Majestyon tho ausp!ciozs event ofa Trea between tha AIhes and lIh Isperil Majesty the E o' aa 1 for the reetration ef ece andthe maintenance of ' s integr.itY and Indeendence of the. Otboman Fmpire. . _YEIEWETHE LOST on Fiday morninEgthe 2d of bIay, betiveen `Bon-treet and ood-street eapside, ths foUowing BllSof EXCHANGE fall folded together), all drawn by J. Hardy :-One for £23 lls. 2'1 accepted by George Curtis; one for i29 8a. accepted by )L Grace. one for £28 Ia, acoepted by Thomae Scooley; one for £2S l9s.. accepted by Dunn and Son; and one for £9 16.. aoeptedby T. Foulger. Whoeer sfound the same. and will brin them to alsoes mlpyer asdSon, solicItor, 30, Brod-sireet-bulidlngs, city, ilt be 1EW ]DAD. Anda3llpersosare caotioned against negotiating the same blls A NGLO-PERUVIAN BONDS.-Holders of the Aabove Stock are requested to take notlce that fathber attendance win be given, at the office of Messrs. Anty. Gibbs and Sons. 15. Blahopgatatreet within, on Monday. Tuesday. and Wednesdsy, the Eth, 6th, and 7th proxlmo. between the hours of 11 and 2 o'clook, for to oSTAPING sih FO0URANDA-HALF or THREE a BONSas referring to the tucre3se in the sinking fundt printed upon them. A this will be thelast opportunit for stamping schBonds, holder are recnerted to send in their Bonds without delay. london, April 30, 3S56. TI'¶HEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GARDEN.-Ths E1 Proprietors proposeM ETIfGChORe33 TE2;RS of the}THIATR3K at Mr. Robins's Rooms, in Covent-garden (by his kind permision), THIS DAY, the 3d of May, at 2 o'clock precisely. Every gentlum;un attending the Meeting must be either a ahareholder or hold the written authority of a shareholder, and must give his name at the door. HER MAESTY'aTHEATRE.-It i respctfull I =`announced that the Theatre Will RE-OPEN on SMturda. the l0thofMay,wrhenwihlhe prcducedRossini'soy'Onf 01ER RN'oLA. Angelina, Madame Alboni; Don 31amiro, 8 gnor Caizolari; Don Miagnifico, Signor Zucconi; and Dandini. olgeor Belletti Alter which will be presented an entirely new ballet divertlosement, entitled L ES QUATRE SAISOS, founded on the ballet dive tissemnnt of that name by ?,L Petips, in the opera of Lee 1;2pres Siclliermes. Prindpal paris bybMdlhlcaBelier., Beechetti, Iiserean, andXatrine. Applications rorboes and Stalls to be made at the box-office of the theatre, Colon. undo. Hlaymarlet. D RURY-LANE.-English Opera.-Unprecedented and Triumphant Suocess--Fourth Night of LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR. Incomparablo Cast. Mr. EllotGaler Mr. Durand. Mr. thnver i Mr. Bernard, and Lucy Escott After wrhich, the famous American artistes.r. and Ms. T Florence. whaose rdormances havecreatedroamoflauhterandtumultuous apause will appear in their new entertainmant, THE YANiEme HOUSEKEEPER, repe t- ingtheir astoundngd smerican melodiooe " olly, won't you tryme,oh n and "Bobbing around." rVHE ATRE: ROYAL, HAYM\AREET.-TEIIS EVENIING, and On Monday. Tuesday, and Wednesday next, tho new and successful comeds o£ THE EVILGENUS. Tom RSipWtone Ithe Evil Mrenius, Mr. Buckstoneh Lady Ringwrood, ae s oGernolds. A£ter wfhich, the recowed Spanish dancer. Ferra Nona with Mafnuel Perez and a complete Com pany of Spanish Coryphies w;ill aear iD the new and brilliant ballet pentonume of EL GAMBUJSIO; or, The Mtexican Goldseeker. With in oonsequence of its great attraction, the revived farce of GRIblSHAW, BAGSHAW. ANfD BRADSEIAW. inuwbich Mr. Bucksrtonc will sustain his original character of Grimsabaw and Miss Talbot will appear. Concluding with THE POSTMA'S KNOCK. RQ OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE.-THIS tt EVENING (Saturday), ShakgDeare's play of THE WIN' S TALE. THE VICTOR VANQUISHED everyevening. R OYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE.-Last Night of tt THE DISCREET PRINCESS, THIS EVENING (Satmrday). Prince Richmraft, br. F. Robson. FPHEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-TUnique Novelty T and Dramatic Effects.-The greatly successful new Adelphi drama 9 performed before Her Majesty) calledLike andUnlikeowritten by W. sorrell and J. Langford Esqs.. every everimz.-With Urgent Private Affaira at second price.-THIS EVENING, iXKEE AND UNLIKE; byr. B. Webster, ir. Wright, br. P. ediord, Mr. C. Selby, bMr Garden, Alias Wyndham. and Aoadmnie Celeete. With URGENT PRIVATE AFFAIRS: Dotts, Ir. Wright. And HOW'S YOUR UNCLE? Richard Wicgs, Ar. Wright. T HEATRE ROYAL, SADLER's- WELLS.- e The greatest triumph since the days of Edmund Kean is Mr. Charles3DIlon's Belpbegor. At the endofeveryact in this beautifuI and exciting drama he is enthusiastically called bofore the curtain by crowded and deighted audiences. Mrs. Charles Dillon as Madeline. The German danrense, bIdUe. Bertha Cassimer. in her national dances. Miss Harriet Gordon. ir. James Rogers, and Mr. George A. Webster every evening. Forming an entertainment unparaleled in dramatic annals. A petite comedy wili each night be presented beforeBelphegor. Boxes, 3s. and 2s.; pit, ls.; gaMery. 6d. I)QYAL SOHO THEATRE.-THIS EVENING, i mrs. Newberyflate MissLucy Bennett). of theTheatres Royal, will appear as MBr bIalaprop; Sir Anthony Absolute. Mr. Shirley. RoYAr ITALIAN OPERA ,LYCEUM. Second Appearance of lladamo Grisi. THIS EVEN'ING (Saturday. lay 3) wil be performed (for the second time this season) Bellini's opera, NORMA. Normas, Madame Grisi (her second appearanc this season) Adalgisa, MdUlle Macrai Clotilde, aladame TagUiafico; Oroveso, Signor Tagliadco: Flavio, Signor Solii; and Polho, Sig,nor Tamiberlik. Conductor-Ir. Costa. To conclude with the new divertissement, LES HAIMADRYADES. Commence at 8. The box-oflice, inside the grand entrance under the portico, is open from 10 ti o5. DRUIY-LAN'E-ENGLISH OPRRA Under the Manacement of iessrs. J. H. Tuly and F. Kingsbury. TllIS EVENING, LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR. Characters by Lucy Escott, Messrs. Durand, Bernard, 3Ianvers, and Eliot Gsler. To conclude with THE YANKEE HOUSEKEEPER. THIEATRE ROYAL, HAYMAARKET. Under the 'Management of Mr. Bickstone. THIS EVENING. THE EVIL GE,NIUS. By Messrs. Buckstone, Compton; Misses Reymolds, Swanborongh,to. After which. Perea Nena and the Spanish Dancers. To be foUowed by GRIMSHAVW, BAGSHAW, AND BRADSHAW. To conclude with THE POSTMAN'S KNOCK. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the Management of Mr. Charles Kean. THIS EVENING will be presented THE VICTOR VANQUISHED. After which. THE WINTER'S TALE. Leontes, MSr. C. Kean Hermione, hIrs. C. Kean. ROYAL OLYM1PIC THEATRE. Lessee. ir. Alfred Wiros. THIS EVENINGvwill be presented STILL WATERS RUN DEEP. Jobn Mildmay, Ir. A. Wian : MAr. Hector Sternhold. Mrs Stirling. Toconcludewith THE DISCREET PRINCESS. CharactersbyhMessr F. Robson Emenry, Danvers,H. Cooper,White, Clifton;MissesJnliaSt, George, Ternan, AIarston. 3askell, and Stephens. Commence at J put 7. THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL Proprietor. Mr. B. Webster: Directress. Madame Celeete, TllS EVENING, LIKEAND UNLIKE: bybIessmB.Webster, Wright. P. Bedford. Selby. Garden; Mesdaines Celeste, Wyndham. &c. With URGENT PRIVATE AFFAIRS Mebssrs. Wright and P. Bedford. And HIOW'S YOUR UNCLE: by Mr. Wright. Commence at 7. THEATRE ROYAB, SADLER'SWEIS THIS EVENING will be presented DIAMIOND COM DIAIOND. After which, BELPHEGOIR TEHE 3IOUNTEBANK Belphegor. Air. C. Dilon; 3Iadeline, Mrs. C. Dillon, Fanfaronade, Ir. James Rogers. After wlhich. 1 Jaleo de Xeres by Mdile. Bertha Cassimer. To conclude wita 'TWAS I Gertrude, MLis IL Gordon; Marcel. Lr. James Rogers. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE Lessees, Messrs. Shepherd and Creswick. THIS EV`ENNG, VIRGINIUS. Virginius. Mr. Creswick; Iilus, Ir. C. A. Calvert, Appius Claudius r. J. H. Rickards' Virginia, 3lisslarriott. Aiterrwnich, SAAR'S YOUNG MIAN. o conclude with THE TWO POLTS: supported by Messr. Widdicomb, Yarnold, VoUaire, Miss Emily Sanders, &c. ASTLEY'S ROYA-L AMPHITHEATRE Lessee and Manager, Ir. W. Cooke. THIS EVENING win be presented MAZEPPA AND THE WIBD HORSE. After which, Scenes in the Circle, with Mis Kate Cooke, Sc. To conclude with a National Steeplechase. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that Wd. is the price of a copy with the impressdc stamp affixed. -Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The, Times is transmissble by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. No notice can be takeA of anonymous CommUnicatlons. Whatever is intended for insertion must be althenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return reiected communications. AV The publication of TeE Tnes commenced at 5 o'clock YOsterday morning, and Snished at half-past 9.
LONDON, SATURDAY, ArAY 3, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, The Earl of AnBmRLEE postponed his motion for the re-appointment of the Committee on Indian Territories till Monday, the 19th inst. The Bishop of LrI-DAFF complained of the short notice of the Day of Thanksgiving; unless taken from the newspapers, many parishes in his diocess could not possibly receive the Form of Prayer by Sunday next. Earl GRsivIE explained that the Government wished to fix the Day of Thanksgiving as soon as possible after the ratification of peace. Lord BRouGrmun presented a petition from the Yorkshire Society for the Protection of Trade in favour of further improvements of the County Courts Bill. He also presented a petition in support of vote by ballot, with the prayer of which, he stated, he did not agree. The Earl of CLARENoD laid on the table papers completing a series of documents connected with the Treaty of Paris; he also laid on the table correspondence on the questions pending between this cotuntry and the United States of America. Lord BROuGHA3r postponed the second reading of the Charitable Uses BilL The report of the MIercantile Law (Engand and Scotland) Assimilation Bills was received after a short discussion. On the motion of Lord REDESDATE a bill abolishing the exemptions under the Smoke Prevention Act was read a first time. The House then adjourned till 10 o'clo^k on Sunday, when the Peers will meet to attend Divine worship in Westminster Abbey. In the House of Commons, Lord J. MAm-xES inquired whether, under the terms of the treatY of peace, Russia had or had not the right to erect forts on the eastern coast of the Black Sea. Lord PAL=E1RSTOI replied that the treaty applied only to naval arsenals within the waters of the Black Sea, and that the forts on the Circassian coast did not come under that description, those forts being simply defensive works, and nothing in the treaty would prevent the Russian Governxnent from exercising its own discretion in regard to those fortes On the motion that the House at its rising do adjourn until Monday, Lord W. GnAnAx asked whether, under the treaty, the Russians would be allowed to raise the ships niowr sunk in the hrbour of- Sebastopol; and brixiigthem through the Dardanelles to any cithci' part of the Russian dominiions.- Lord P LSrON -said the l treaty did not limit br-restrain the Russian Government in respect to their naval force in the Baltic, and if they c .ould raise the sunken ships and bring them to the I Baltic for the purpose oftheirforming part of tile; Baltic fleet, he did not thinkthatthis country had I any ground to object. A question arose during the I negotiations respecting a proposal of the Rus3ian Government to bring awYay twro line-of-battle ahips from Nicholaieff to the Baltic, and the British Plenipotentiary said there would be no objection on the part of his Government to the bringing those ships round from the Black Sea to the Baltic. A qUestion put byIord R. GtosvENox-whether, supposing any members of the bands ordered-Xt play in the park9 on Sunday afternoon shall object to do so, either from conscientious motives or from a desire so enjoy their Sunday holyday, they will be' released from such duty,-gave rise to a discussion of some length, which embraced the subject of Sun-, day amusements in geDeral, and deviated, indeed,. into collateral questions. In the course of it, Sir B. HTAT defended himself against a charge made by MLr. ADDXEBnY, that he had contravened a. recent vote of the House of Commons, and justified the course he had taken, expressing a hope that we had not arrived at a time when the people were to be deprived of innocent recreation on Sundays. Mr. WALPoLE observed that there was a broad distinction between depriving the public of innocent recreation and introducing a new custom not palatable to a large portion of the.public, the civil authorities setting those of the army in motion. The Government, he said, should come down to the House and propose the new custom, and not introduce it without its sanction, at the arbitrary will of a Minister of the CR.owN. Lord PsArrom thought it extremely inexpedient, to say the least, for that House to take upon itself to administer the discipline of the army. If it assumed, he said, hypothetical cases, and discussed under what circumstances a soldier might disobey his commanding officer, a severeblow would be struck at military discipline. Ee declined to enter into the engagement suggested by Lord R. GRosvENOR; and as to the course which had been followled by Sir B. HALL, he avowed that he shared any responsibility that might attach to Sir BENr&anN, who had communicated with him, and had his entire concurrence; nor did that course appear to him at variance aith the resolution respecting the British Museum. He denied that the playing of the bands was a new custom, and, upon the general question, he thought men shouId be -left to actupontheirown conscientious feelings. No one was compelled to go to the parks; multitudes did go, Jso that they did not think it a desecration of the Sabbath. Various other questions were put, pending the motion before the House, one of them, by Mr.GLYN, being, when would the financial statement be made ? The CHANcEnion of the ExCnEQum fixed Monday, the 19th inst. The motion for adjournment was then agreed to. The House then went into committee upon the remaining clauses of the Police (Counties and Borouglhs) Bill, but had not got through the whole of them when the Chairman was ordered to report progress. The debate upon the second reading of the Fire Insurances Bil, adjourned from the 21st of April, was then resumed. MIr. VANSITTART and IMr. MIURROUGH sulpported the amendment for deferring the second reading for six months. Mr. GLYN said some measure of this sort was absolutely necessary. The reduction of the duty, to be reproductive, must be, he said, accompanied by a reduction of the premium, and by the adoption in this country of the average clause. Mr. HADFIFLD supported the amendment. Lord GALwAY moved the adjournment of the debate. The Cn-AxcELnon of the ExcoEQ.ER said the bill was initended to put down what he termed a contraband trade in fire insurances, and he believed the experiment, if tried, would succeed. The motion of Lord GALWAY was negatived; the amendment to defer the second reading was negatived, upon a division, by 133 to 31; and the biU was read a second time. The National Gallery Bill passed through committee, with amendments. The other orders were disposed of, with the remaining business, and the House adjourned at 20 minutes to 2 o'clock until Monday.
The debate on the fall of Kars resembles one of those Grecian mysteries of which the hidden purport differed fromi the ostensible intent. Putting aside the displays of senatorial gladiatorship which no practised Parliamentary leader can forego, and the opportunity of personal assault which but few can let pass by, there was a twofold intention in the debate, which has been realized. The Hlouse desired to express a strong indignation against what it justly deemed the supercilious indifference of Lord STRATFORD DE IREDOIJFFE. It also desired to express its admiration of the wonderful constancy and courage of General WmrTAms, no less than regret at the combination of events which filched from the merits of that hero their expected and just reward. It has done both. It has blamed severely; and it has praised highly. In both respects it has enunciated the opinions of the country with singular truthfulness of interpretation. Those foreign nations which, during the recent conflict, have flattered their evil passions or solaced their self-abasement by deriding and condemning the candour of a free Parliament and an unshackled press may learn a lesson from the judgment with which our Senate has dispensed eulogy and censure, ancd the moderation with which it has abstained from a profitless embarrassment of the Executive. It were curious to trace the devious streams into which the discussion diverged. At first, the current of indignation ran deep and strong against the Ambassador who left unanswered and unnoticed sixty letters from the Commissioner of his SOVEREIGN, battling in a 'foreign land against a hostile force, with corrupt colleagues, and famished soldiers. No picture could be more repulsive to the people or Parliament of England than that of an Ambassador, invested with great powers and extraordinary influence, disdaining to reply to the reiterated applications of a compatriot, and that compatriot a soldier fighting against huge odds in defence of the honour and the ally of their coramon country. The eloquence which denounced the insolent indifference of the most powerfu of the QuEEs's representatives towards the brave subject who had infused heart and courage and discipline unto thousands of starving Turks only. re-echoed the strong sentiment out of doors, which imputed to Lord STnATFORD DXE :IEDCLErX alone the fall of Kars. Gradually, however, a spirit of leniency stole over the House. Politicians of both sides came to the rescue of the assailed diplomatist. Those who most deplored the catastrophe, and were indignant at its authors, recollected that he was of their own party, associated with their own labours, rewarded by their own chiefs. Others remembered his long and Iany services-services imperfectly known to the country, but known to statesmen, and destined, perhaps, to produce important fruits in the future history of European Turkey. He it waS who had striven so many years singlehanded at Constantinople against the corruption of venal Pashas; he it was who had indicated to the PoRTs the dilemma that must be faced of sinking into a vassal of the CzsA, or of assuming the rank and the responsibilities of an European kingdom; he it was who had 'pleaded for the rights of its Christian sub- jects, and for the toleration of Christian strangers; and, lastly, he it was whose exertions had most contributed to that last and most important decree which had defied Moslem fanaticism1 in behalf of Cluistian rights. Surely these were great servces-services not to :be forgotten for one error, or merged in the. condemnation of one arrogant neglect. The stream ence turned, further divergence was not unnatural. It was, X indeed, to be regretted-nay, censurablethat heI Lid been so remiss. It would have been not only. courteous but consolatory to the heroic General to receive some words of advice and comfort from his SOvYFRnGN'S representative. But could the latter have given effective aid ? Could he have staved off the fate of Kars, and prevented the subjugation of its defenders? Was it not apparent that the success of that garrison depended on the strategy of the allied Generals. in the Crimea and the decision of the British Government at home ? And had not both these combined to abandon Kars to such a fate as the gallantrY of its defenders, the devotion of the Turks, the amount of provisions, the tactics of the Russian army, and, in short, the chapter of accidents might bring about? Then the discussion veered again from Lord SrA&TFoRD to Lord Cr,Aauu-DoN, from Lord CLAmmnco_ to Lord PAs;SVuRE, from Lord PAaNBB to Marshal Pmassyxa and General SDrso5N, and so on to O PAS. Where there were so many to involve in the same censure one was sure to escape. In the holocaust that party or patriotic spirit sought to seize the solitary victim got off free. And when Lord PALmSRR5TON, undismayed and unwearied by an eight hours debate, rose to reply with the freshness and vigour of twenty years ago, it did not require his knowledge of the temper of the House to foresee that neither the Ministry nor the Ambassador had much to dread from its votes. * The truth is that in this case, as in many others, unmixed blame lies nowhere. There has been a lamentable but not a dishonourable failure. Had the siege of Kars had a different result, the allies. vwould have presented an accession of moral strength at the Conference of Paris. A brighter pmestigs would have gilded the recollection of :British prowess among the Oriental worshippers of Fortune. It is disgraceful that a great and powerful Ambassador should have exhibited to wavering and corrupt Turks so much indifference to his own countryman while defending the Turkish possessions. We must regret, too, that the Government, which in the beginning of the war had admitted the expediency of defending Turkey in Asia, had not matured its plans for carrying this into execution. We may regret that Lord Cr-LAn-noDo, while recommending General WiTlum2cs to the more courteous consideration and more cordial aid of Lord STTmFor.oD DE REDc=arEr, could not appeal to a vote of Parliament |and enforce his recommendation by a money subsidy. We may regret that the Pasha of EnzFiomir was a rascal, and that OQUAR PASHAL made a faulty march. Lastly, and above all, we may regret that the terms of the alliance and deference to the opinions of the French Generals prevented the despatch of troops from the Crimea to the relief of Kars and the succour of its brave garrison. WNiIle all these omissions stand upon the record-while we know that high military authorities in England pronounced eventually against the Asiatic campaignvhile we remember that General WiuzA3r went to Kars without the more substantial proofs of his country's confidence-that both at home and abroad it had been decided to make Sebastopol the I be-all and the end-all of the war-it would be un- just to hold Lord STRATFoRD alone accountable for the fall of K=ars and, absolving him of that guilt, Parliament couldhardlycensure thelIinistry for not dismissing him from his office. Had Sebastopol not fallen, and had the fall of Kars been solelyimputable to Lord STAT.FoRD, the ignominious termination of a costly campaign might have concentrated the national indignation on a Mlinistry 'which had thus connived at national disgrace by condoning an obstructive servant. But Sebastopol has fallen, and Kars might have fallen even if the Ambassador 3ad been less silent and less sullen. Under these circumstances, to punish the Government for the misconduct of its servant would be as unreasonable as unjust. Still the recent debate has done, and will do, good. It will teach the most capable and most self-confident officials that neither remoteness of scene, nor length of service, nor eminence of station, nor past desert, will screen their insolence to their countrymen or their indifference to the interests of their country from the jealous scrutiny of Parliament. It will also cheer brave men, left without the protection of superiors, or the advice of colleagues, or the material resources of fortune, to champion their country's cause as best they miay in foreign and barbarous lands, with the consciousness that no length of time, no distance, and no mischance will obliterate from the memories of Englishmen the constancy which confronted the bitterest trials of war, and the heroism which preferred its worst horrors to disgrace.
The House of Commons has been occupied for two successive days by different forms of a question which, although it has lost something of the thrilling interest which once surrounded it, presents, nevertheless, one of those social problems which never cease to occupy the attention of men who can feel alike for the rights of individuals and the wrongs of society. Of all the difficuilties that present themselves to the theorist or legislator there are none greater than those which surround the right to the occupation of land. Everybody agrees that land must be held in severalty by individuals, in order that its resources may be fully developed; but land is a limited commnodity, which human industry cannot increase, and those, therefore, who possess it are endowed not only with a property, but with a species of monopoly. There is in the minds of some men a persuasion that this kind of property may fairly, in accordance with public interest, be subjected to a degree of regulation and interference from which other property is exempt, But what that regulation and interference should be is wholly undetermined, and great will be the benefit conferred on mankind by any statesman or sage who shall solve the question. It was exactly on this delicate point-namely, where the duties of property conflict with and circumscribe its rights, and how far the State may interfere to enforce what the conscience of manDind declares-that the House of Commons has been recently occupied. The course of the debate on Kars was interrupted on Tuesday night by the recital of a history almost as tragic as that -with which the Legislature was occupied. It appears that a MIr. PoLLocE has purchaaed estates in the West of Ireland occupied by about 500 tenants,, whose families make up altogether a population of 2,500 souls. This gentleman appears to be seized with a perfect mania of eviction. Re has issued notices to quit to the whole of these unfortunate people, not one of whom is in arrear with his rent, and all of whom are most anxious to remain on the land, which they regard with the affection so strongly felt and so desperately clung to by the Irish peasant. But it is the will of; the new lord of the soil to change] its destination from arable to pasture, and, having come to this conclusion for financial reasons, he clears away. the human encumbrance from his land with as little remorse as he would weeds or stones, a mortgage, a judgment, or an- annuity. T'hese miserable people represent that to many of them the change is certain death, and entreat the House of Commons to intervene in their behalf. Here is a case where every feeling of our nature is enlisted on the side of the poor tenants. They have faithfully discharged their contract, and are willing to do so for the future. They have no right to maintain their tenancy, but the land they occupy was bought with ilie full knowledge of their occupation, and Parliament, in afirmance of natural jiustice, has repeatedly declared that the first charge upon land, more sacred than any individual proprietors can create, is the maintenance of its people. That is the principle of the Irish rate-in-aid. That is the principle of the Irish and English Poor Law. But the Irish Poor Law has no parochial law of settlement; and the evils, therefore, consequent upon pauperizing a whole population are little felt by the landowner, being divided over the ratepayers of a large district, perhaps even of several districts. In this case the House of Commons declares it can do nothing. We do not presmme to question the decision, nor are we prepared to argue that the management of a private gentle-. man's estate, however harsh and cruel it may lbe, is a suitable subject for the deliberations of the Legislature; but the evil is enormous, though happily no longer of daily occurrence. Such conduct is condemned equally by landlords ana tenants; it shocks every feeling of humanity ; it is a reproach to the civilization of the age; and, by so signally illustrating the abuses of property, tends to bring into disredit the institution of property itself, the groundwork of human society, the bond that holds communities together. The 'ill introduced by Sir W. So3=vmi. would at first sight appear to be directed towards increasing the very abuse which we have just described-the indiscriminate and arbitrsxy ejectment of tenants. It may seem strange that a gentleman notorionsly actuated bythe most humane and benevolent feelings should propose to the F House a measure the object of which unquestionably is to increase that very power of landlords of the flagrant abuse of which we have just been complaining. But the objection is entirely superficial. The Irish peasant suffers almost as mnuch by the mriserable and squalid hovels in which he is compelled to live as by the heartless and cruel proceedings which drive him forth from them to beg, to perish, or to idle in a union workhouse. The reason of this is simple enough. The building of cottages seldom pays, even in England. Even an Engglishlandlord is apt to consider a numerous population as an encumbrance and a nuisance. He builds as few cottages as he decently can, and were it not for the pressure of public opinion and personal honour many would build still fewer. IrL Ireland the former of these motives,at anyrate,is farweaker than in England. Villages are further apart, and these are sadly overcrowded, because the landlord elperiencesthe utmost difficulty either in obtaining his rent or in getting rid of tenants who encumber his property with unprofitableoccupation. The object of SirWumAm SomEPnvmsS bill is to encourage the building of new residences for the poor by remedying a defect in the law, and securing to the landlord a more easy means of ejecting an unprofitable tenant. Without some such law no man actuated by any but philanthropic feelings will invest his money in buildina cottages. Sir Wnrmr So&Znvuna's bill is an attempt to make the building new residences for the poor lucrative as a commercial speculation, or, at any rate, attended w%ith less certain loss than it now is. The object is most undeniably excellent, and the principle is sound, consisting, as it does, in remedying a defect in the law which stands in the way of a great social improvement. We are sorry to see that Sir Wuirii SonERsvUl was encountered on Wednesdayby a number of frivolous amendments, and by those Fabian tactics which, at least on Wednesdays, are seldom known to faiL It cannot be expected that the Irish peasant, suffering as he has so long done, and still continues to do, under the fear of -wholesale eviction, should hail with any degree of favour a bill which seeks to reEeve him under the repulsive form of giving fresh facility to those evictions. We cannot, therefore, wonder that members more solicitous of conciliating the goodwill than of promoting the real interests of those whom they represent should offer every opposition to a bill the very aspect of which wounds popular prejudice. B-ut ours is not merely an Irish Parliament, and in this, as in many other instances, it were well if English members were to step forward to save the Irish people from the misplaced zeal of their representatives. The regeneration of Ireland can bast be assisted by raising the habits and feelings of her people, and this can best be done by placing within their reach the means of comfort and decency.
It would be difficult to conceive a more thoroughly efficient man for his position and pursuits in life than Mr. H. HEBTZ-the person who has been mixed up 'with the recent recruiting trials in the United States. Our right to discuss the justice and propriety of any law of any foreign country by which we may ourselves be affected has been very strenuously denied. We will waive this argument for the moment, but we may at least state as a fact, that the character of the 'witnesses who have recently been allowed to give evidence against the diplomatic agents of this country in the United States is such, that in England an urchin would not be convicted of the most paltry theft upon such suspicious testimony. We enter on this subject because we have just received the blue-book presentedto Parliament bythe QuzN's command, in which a few particulars relating to the character of HxnTz, and of his worthy coadjutor STROBEL, are duly set forth witlh every detail of time, place, and accuser. Of these we take the two or three affidavits which first come to hand, and reprint them here, for the information of as many persons as are desirous of knowing how the legal functionaries of a Government which profeases to be actuated by friendly sentiments towards us have not been ashamed to get up a case against the Government and people of this country. The Attorney-General of the United States loudly proclaimled during the trial of Blnrz that the proceedings were in reality directed against xMr. CA moN and the B3ritish Consuls. Let us now seo the character of the witnesses on whom he relied. From first to last, HTZT's so-called confession turned out to be a tissue of falsehoods; but it appears to us, with every deference to the United States' lawyers and diplomnatists, that they might have looked a little more closely into the character of the man before attaching credit to his words. In the first affidavit we find IIRTz informing one LOBB, of Philadelphia, that he had made 500 dollars out of his trial at :Piladelphia. Let that pass; we are concerned sith his previous history, and therefore invite attention to the folowing affidavit *Co-monwealth of Pennsylvania, city of Philadelphia. ss. " Be it known that ox the day of the date heroof, before me, Edward Hurst, nota-y public for said commonwealth, duly commissioned and sworn, residing in said city, personally appeared Maximilian August Thoran, of the city of lWew York, wlho, being by me duly sworn according to law, did depose and say,- " That he recently had a conversation with Sigismund ZeCie, now the confidential clerk of P. R Scherr, No. 142, Voates-street, in Philadelphia aforesaid, liquor-dealer, who stated to him, the deponent, that Henry Hertz, now residing at No. 424, South Twelfth-street, Philadelphi, was about two years and six months zgo a salesman in the employment of the said P. ]. Scherr and his then copartner. Henry Gerner, and thatihg, the said Zeise, was at the same time employed in the said establishment. "That whilethe said Hertz was acting as salesmm in said employment he, in co-operation -with sad Ceraer,
EXHIBITION OF THE ROYAL ACADEMY. PRIVATE VIEW. If the present-the 88th-exhibition of the Royal 1 Academy contains no picture of surpassing worth, still it is a good average exhibition, in v-hich the absence of very great works is compensated by an absence, more than usual, of very glaring errors. It may be as well to say at once that what are called "good average exhibitions" are not always the most interesting. An immense number of daubs, which nobody looks at twice, if redeemed by one or two great pictures, may form a far more interesting gallery than an infinity of correct and elegant, although powerless, works, which the visitor gazes and gazes on as if they ought to display some furtherandmore satisfying excellence, which yet,with all his gazing, he cannot discover. This is very much the case in the present exhibition, in which the pictures are often so good, display so much of technical skill, and excite so much expectation, that the result is disappointment, and we leave them perplexed and Veary. There is scarcely one of the exhibitors, unless among the young men, who has not excellcd himuself on previous occasions, and we miss some well-known names. As usual the principal pictures, or at least those that take up most room, are the portraits. T'here are few landscapes, and very few of importance; if the expression were allowable, we should say that the best landscapes are sea pieces. There are a goodly number of figture subjects, and many of more than ordinary merit; w hile thero is about the usual number of pictures that express our English love for animals. Reserving criticism for another occasion, we shall for the present offer to the reader little more than a rapid summary of the works which appear under each of these varieties in the Academy's exhibition. Among portrait painters Sir John Watson Gordon takes the lead. He has produced nothing equal to the well-known " Provost of Peterhead ;- but his likeness of MIr. I). Cox, the watercolour painter, is not far behind it. There is something very fine in the manner in which this artist contrives to concentrate all the interest in the countenance and in the hands of his sitters; it is soconcentrated there that, forgetful of the value of contrast, one might ask what is the use of the expanse of canvass in which his heads and hands are set, the sole interesting things amid uninteresting grays, or still more uninteresting black. It is a true principle in portrait painting, but it is especially true in the present fashion of dress, when the artist has nothingtorepresent better than a square-cut coat and two round pillars for legs. The face of Mr. Cox is given with much force of character, and the coloiur is admirable. Another capital portrait from the same easel is that of Colonel Hamley; the three remaining ones are vigorous and full of expression, but they are hard and unpleasant. It may be doubted, however, whether the likeness of himself painted for the Poyal Scottish Academy, by John Graham Gilbert, is not this year better than any of his own works. MIr. Gilbert is an artist who has exhibited very little in London, but what we have seen shows that in colour, at least, he is quite the equal of the man whose portrait he paints. In delicacy of colour he. indeed, surpasses Sir J. WVatson Gordon, while in power of delineating expression he is inferior to him. It is, perhaps, unfortunate that in the present instance he should represent the President of the Scottish Academy in a Court dress; but, overlooking this, the manner in which he has managed it is the best possible, and the visitor will especially observe the delicacy of the pallor in Sir John's face, and the naturalness of the expression. How like it is to the original any one present at the private view yesterday can testify. Grant comesnext; and, as we have spoken of hands, let it be mentioned that few persons know how to dispose of hands-one of the most difficultthings for an artist-better than he. In the portraits of the Duke of Rutland, of Mr. Eldward Ellice, and Sir Charles Crompton, he has managed them in the most natural manner; but it detracts from this success that in these three cases the attitude is substantially the same. In tne left of each there is a document ; while in the right hand of the Duke and of Sir Charles Crompton are eyeglasses. In the women whom Mr. Grant paints this year, there is less than ever of a certain bluish tone of fleshwhichinprevious endeavours to convey extreme delicacy of tint he has been prone to depend upon. Mr. Boxall presents some capital portraits. That of Robert Cowen is very powerful, while in that of Mrs. Hanbury Leigh and her children he has given full play to what is sometimes liable to become a trick with him-a love for the indefinite. Mr. Boxall is apt to mistake this indefiniteness for the no-outline of nature; but it is very different, and he may rest assured that beautiful women and children are most beautiful when the painter shows them at least as palpably as nature shows them. The children of the Duke of Argyll, painted by J. Sant, are very lovely, and, as far as their heads are concerned, are rendered with considerable feeling. But there is some affectation in the representation ; the flowers on the floor have no meaning and the niglht dresses of the little things are so starched that assuredly no one could sleep in them. The drapery of Mliss de Rothschild is rendered with much more refinement, and the whole figure is good. Sir Anthony de Rothschild, by Hart, though over refined, is characteristic; but there is a certain stiffness in the attitude which the artist has given to his figure, as also to the figure of the Lord Mayor-a portrait that otherwise does him credit. In Henry Pickersgill's portraits there is a good deal of truth represented in a hard dry way. That of Professor Owen wil command the most attention. WVinterhalter's portrait of Lady Clementina Villiers must not be passed by. Of the portraits of the Emperor and Empress of the French the less said, perhaps, the better. When we add that both Thorburn and Sir William Ross contribute some very beautiful miniatures, it may be said that the portraits may be very good, but that they are too many. We are not disposed to underrate portraiture, for there is probably nothing so difflcult as to paint people doing nothing. It may be very difficult, the thing when accomplished may be very great; but, having made this admission, we have a right to add, after all, that it is not entertaining to look at people, each shut up in a niche of canvass like a naughty boy in a corner,'and doing nothing but staring, or twirling a thumb, or holding a hat. it is in the figure subjects that we especially complain of elegant and elaborate mediocrity. Take the picture of Mr. GoodaUl-" Cranmer atthe Traitors Gate." MIr. Goodall can both paint well and express himself well. His present work is well and carefully painted, but it expresses nothing. If that figure be Cranmer, certainly Cranmer never crossed the bridge like that, vith his eyes stretching up to the top of the archway instead of looking to his feet. Even if it were not absurd in the reformer to walk on a plank to prison straining his eyes upwards, stil it is useless in MIr. Goodall's representation, for every one of the figures is doing something of the same kind, either leering, or staring, or in some lackadaisical way showing the whites of their eyes. If of some dozen men in this composition we could only get two or three to hold their eyeballs in a natural position, perhaps the upward gazing of the Archbishop might be more effective; but, as it is, it is only a trick, and a very absurd one. It is not pleasant to dwell on failures such as this, but it is necessary to turn to another-Mr. Frederick Pickersgill's pictuze of "Love's Labour Lost." The attitude of Longaville is the best thing in this composition; the turn of the eye, seen from behind as he slyly tuns round to inquire the name of the lady in white, is admirable, but all else is weak. The Biron is very poor; the landscape is not that which Shakspeare imagined, and what can be the meaning of those absurd Cupids on the ground and hovering in the air we cannot imagine, ,ave to show how badly this artist can draw. The bad drawina of these Cupids is the more surprising as in another picture he has rendered children with much greater success-" Christ blessing little children." And yet even this latter work cannot be regarded as equal to the subject. The artist has attempted to render the Saviour and one of the Apostles interesting by depicting them with the haggard, thin-skinned, nervous look of students of metaphysics. Mr. Dobson treats sacred subjects in a far more successful manner. The thoughtfulness of his treatment, the beauty of his I forms, and the harmony of his colours are worthv I of very high praise, but it is a little difficult to get at his story. If, as far as story is concerned, we look at each one of his figuires as episodical, we shall probably be satisfied. "The Deluge," by Halle, we do not understand ; every face is looking a different way and finding out a new distortion ; the arms [are flung about in all directions, and legs are twisted, in indescribable confusion-nobody knows vwhy. Cne of the firnest figure subjects in the gallery is ":Home," by Noel Paton. T'he mere painting here is wonderful; the texture of every article is given with a rare accuracy-as witness the blue handkerchief in shadow under the table. But the crowning merit of the work is the feeling that pervades it, as the -wife embraces the returned soldier and his old mother behind him buries her head on his neck. This artist, with all his powers, often fails in unity, of effect, but we have not seen one of his works that forms such a harmonious whole as the present. Tlhere is similar feeling andunityof effect in "Home] and the Homeless," by Mr. Thomas Faed-a com-a panion picture to "The Mitherless Bairn" of last year. The mother is preparing the evening meal for her family, and looking on with a smile as the father, who has just returned, takes his youngest daughter on his knee and presents her with an apple. The expression on the little child's countenance is admirable; it is exactly that of a child. It is not a smile, it is not joy, it is not even curiosity, as she looks up at the apple which her father holds before her; it is a face of childish gravity and bewilderment, always the first feeling expressed. And all around are in a state of expectancy for the revelation of the subsequent more joyful recognition of her gift. The little beggar boy sidling up from the table to see what is going on is very good. But we have to object to a certain prettiness which takes31r.Faed's fancy, andwhichhe invariably paints. Bis "H1ighland Mary" may be referred to, not as Hi,ghland Mary, ut as a pretty damsel very sweetly painted, with a fine appreciation of the exigencies of colour. The broken green of the landscape above, in contrast with the bright red bundle on which the more delicate red of the hand rests, then the yellow of the skirt and the tempered blue' below, are all put very cleverly. WVebster has rather an interesting picture of " Hide and Seek ;" Elmore a picture of Charles V. at Yuste: Leslie a representation of Hermione in the statuo scene,which is very well painted, but which after al is not Hermione; Cbarles Landseer, a historical picture, in which the actors seem struck into stone. To some of these we must return. Frost is brilliant and mythological as usual; Patten is clever, but not very interestinrg; Jones has a battle-piece, quite unintelligible; Poole has a remarkably skilful cave-scene of robbers, the light coming down from a torch. Rather than stay to criticize these works at present, it may be more interesting to know what has become of the young artist whose " Procession" picture of last year was so promising. Mr. Leighton has this year produced a work which is not worthyof his powers. He has attempted to paint "the Triumph of Mlusic," or Orpheus redeeming his wifefromHades. Inthe first place hiswife is ableareyed wretch in a sea-green shroud who is not worth redeeming. Orpheus in a yellow tunic, his legs being still yellower, so that, altogether, he is the most sulphureous individual in the place, plays a fiddle which is purple, in order to contrast with his dress. Raphael might paint fiddles, but in these days they are not considered highly poetical instruments, and Orpheus certainly plays it in a style which neverwill redeemEurydice. Fieldingsaidof Hogarth's " Enraged Musician" that it was deafening to look at it. Inthispaintingthereisno motioninthebow,there is no music in the air, and for composition, for1 colour, and for expression, the whole thing is unfor-' tunate. It was very well, in painting a procession, to set one figure after another; but it is only stagy to set Proserpine, Pluto, Orpheus, and Eurydice all in a row before us. ThePrne-Raphaelites deserve tobe noticedbythemselves. M[illais contributes several works of very various merit. The best is " Autumn Leaves"girls burning these leaves; and here may at once be seen the advance made in his style. Compare the leaves with the straw in the Ark of several years ago. There every straw was painted with a minuteness which it was painful to follow; here the leaves are given with great truth and force, but the treatment is much more general and the work more rapid. Throughout all his works the same increased rapidity of touch may be seen; but in all of them willnot be seen colour so good as in this work or expression so true. All his subjects this year are children, and he has caught their little ways and looks with wonderful ease. " Portrait of a Gentleman" is capital; "the Blind Girrl is painful; " the Child of the Regiment?' is sweet; "the Peace" isvery bad and very good. Thetextures here are renderedwith great skilU; the children, too, are verylifelike-observe the right arm of the girl in black; the dog too is good, with its one eye turning round to look at the spectator; but the principal figures are very bad, and the whole meaning poor. The symbols of the lion and bear, and so forth, are very puerile; the lady is holding on we know not how, and the gentleman is shakinm her hand we know not why. Mr. Holman Hiunt's picture of "the Scapegoaf' is disappointing, although there is no doubt much power in it. The distance is given well, and the colour is very good, the mountains are most lovingly painted; in the eye of the scapegoat, too, as it comes to drink of the waters of the Dead Sea, there is a profound feeling, but altogether the scene is not impressive, and were it not for the title annexed it would be rather difficult to divine the nature of the subject. A much more successful work of Pre-Raphaelte art is one near it by a young artist named Burton. The background and all the accessories of the pictire are rendered with great force and beautythe stone wall and the trees beyond are very fine. The story, too, is well told, of the quarrel which arose out of the gambling, and how the young cavalier was wounded, how he aimed at his adversary, and, reelng, only struck the tree which divides the canvass in two, the blow breaking his sword; how, having struck and broken lins sword, he reeled round to the other side of the tree and there lay; how he lay so long that the spider made her web round his sword, and the mornino dewgatheredon it, and the butterfly-emblem of life-lighted on the bladewhichhadwell nigh takenawayalife; howhis ladye-love walked forth through the wood with her Puritan lover, and found him lying faint, and took himin her aims and staunched his wounds, whileher Piuitan friend looked grimly on calm and bitter as death-his lips closely hela, and his hand behind him clinched, as if he could scarce contain his emotions. All this is told in very fine colour. Another rather good specimen of the school is the ":Eve of St. Agnes," 'by A. Hughes. It is three pictures in one, the story being taken from Keats's poem of the same name, in which he gave full expression to all his love for intense colour. Mr. Hughes has chosen a rich purple in contrast with green as his medium; in his first picture there are two lights-moonshine and lamplight from the house; in hlis second only moonshine; and in the third only lamplight. The colour is treated in each of these three relations, and is so striking in all of them that the attention is, perhaps, taken too much from the subject to dwell on its gorgeous realization. The muiddle compartment, where there is moonlight only, is per- haps the best, but all three are good. As a contrastI to this may be mentioned a very different work, but with a merit of its own-" Toothache in the Middle Ages," by Mr. Marks, in which there is a good deal of humour expressed in a hard dry way. There is a deficiency of landscape, we have already said, and in this department the sea pieces of Stanfield are pre-eminent. "The Abandoned" is a vessel tossed'on the waters, masts gone, hull deserted and forlorn, while the sky overhead is breaking, and a gleam of light descends only to reveal the utter desolation of the deserted ship. Here are few enough materials out of which to make a picture-a rolling sea, an abandoned hull tossed on it, and heavy clouds above; but out of these materials he has made a most powerful scene. The sea is very true-it is actually in motion; it makes one giddy to look at it. Opposite is another sea piece, on the Basque coast, in which there is some truth, but not the same depth of sentiment. Let any one who looks at Stanfield's sea take the trouble to look immediately afterwards at the waves of any other artists and note the difference. There is not a man living, save Stanfield, who can paint the sea in commotion. In both Leo's and Cooke's pictures the waves are brittle and look as if they were of green glass. In still water success is different, and any one who compares the foreground of Mr. Cooke's "IDutch pincks arriving"'-where the waves are receding, and we have the clear reflections of the sails and the man and the anchor, with the rolling billows that are breaking, or trying to break, on the shore, will see the difference of execution. Harding has a very good landroape, in which the water and the trees are very finely rendered; and as for still waters, Roberts, too, can give that, just as he gives the polished floor of his cathedrals. The most - portant work of this last artist is the interior of St. Peter's at Christmas time. To this and, tha land. scapes of the Linnells, of Creswick, of Hook, and of some others we must refer again. But, while speaking of the field-, we must not here forget to point out that Miss MIutrie has Bowers that have all the qualitie3 of life and loveliness with which her penciI knovs how to endow them. " Geraniums!" are the best. In the sculpture room one is gencrally disappoilited on account of the bad lighting. The bust of the Queen by Baron MIarochetti first of all attracts attention, and it may be compared vwith one on the pedestal beside it by Darham. If the Baron's bust were not in the room MIr. Durham's would receive considerable praise; as it is, we conceive that, properly speaking, there is no comparison between the two heads. The fine way in which the hair is massed out, and wreathed with the rose, the thistle, the shamrock, and the oak leaf, will at once be evident. In a villanous light, nearly opposite to this bust, is a marble figure by Mr. Woolmer, entitled "L Love." The g,race oE the figure and the sweet feeling which it expresses cannot be entirely overlooked even in that dark corner. Some of his meda'lions, too, have points of merit; and the children's heads of Muuro are full of a tender grace. Hlis " Dante" is very good. Mr. W. Calder Marshall has represented " Imogen Asleep," together with "H Hermia and Helena." There never was a poet that had such a sense of colour as Shakespeare, and whose descriptions depend on epithets of colour, and a sculptor who attempts to follow him without the aid of that charm seeks to accomplish the impossible. Of " Imogen Asleep" it may safely be said that the description given by Shakespeare is the very finest bit of colour in all his works, and Mr. Marshal's attempt is therefore all the more daring. Graceful in all that he does, it cannot be said that he has entirely succeeded in these Shakesperean realizations.
ADDRESS ON THE TBEATY OF PEACE. The following aro the terms of the motion for an address to Her Majesty, to be moved in the House of Lords on Mlonday. The address wiU be moved by Lord Eliesmere and seconded by Lord Glenelg:- " That an humble address be presented to Her Majesty to return to Her Majesty the sincere acknowledgments and thanks of this House for the important communication which Her Mlajesty has been graciously pleased to make to this House of the general treaty concluded at Paris on the 30th of March between Her Majesty, the Emperor of Aastria, the Emperor of the French, the King of Prussia, the Emperor of Russia, the King of Sardinia, and, the Sultan. by which paace has been re-established between Her Majesty, the Emperor of the French, the King of Sardinia, andthe Sultan, on the one hand, and the Emperor of Russia on the other. "To assure Her Majesty that, while we should hare deemed it our duty cheerfully to afford Her Majesty our fulest support if it had unfortunately been found necessary ta continue the war, we have learnt with joy and satisfaction that Her Majesty has been enabled to re-establish peace upon conditions so honourable to Her Majesty's Crovwn and which so fully accomplish the great objects for which the war was undertaken. " To express to Her Majesty the great satisfaction which we feel that, while those alliances which have so mainly oontributed to the vigorous and successful prosecution of the war have been equaUy effective in the consolidation of peace, Powers which have not taken an active part in the war have combined with the belligerents to give, by their sanction and accession, additional firmness to the arrangements by which the repose of Europe is in future to be pro. tected from disturbance. " To state to Her Majesty that we rejoice that, notwithstanding the great exertions which the late war has rendered necessary, the resources of the empire have remained unimpaired. To express our hope that the peace ihich has now been concluded may, under the favour of Divine Providence, long continue to shed its blessings upon Europe, and that harmony among Governments and friendly intercourse among nations may steadily promote the progress of civilization and secure the welfare and happiness of manhnd."
CRYSTAL PALACE CONCERTS. TO THEEP EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A direct answer cannot at present be given to the inquiry of "A Personal Subscriber to the Concerts "' but perhaps it may be sufficient to cxplain that it is the intention of the directors to issue only such a number of admissions to the concerts as they find by experience can be accommodated so as to hear the music. If therefore a sufficient number of two-guinea tickets are sold, of which there is every prospect at present, the pubEc wivl not be admitted at all to the concerts by payment at the doors. If it should be found, after tho; exDerience of the first concert, that a larger number can be accommodated, the terms for single admissions will be immediately announced. I may further explain that it is intended to hold these cancerts in the nave of the building, where a large orchestra is being erected from a design approved by lMr. Costa, and other arrangements are being made which it is believed wvll remedy the difficulty hitherto found in adapting the building to the purposes of vocal entertainments. I am. Sir. vourobedient servant, JAMES FERGUSSON, General 3Manager. u7=.ralace, Alay Z.
AitsvAL oF BMARON BRui-xow.-His Excellency Baron Brunnow arrived at the residence of the Russian Embassy in Chesham-place yesterday afternoon, shortly before 4 o'clock. His Excelency left Paris on the previous day, and, crossing from Calais yesterday morning in the mail packet Vivid, Captain Smithett, came on to London by a South-Eastern train, which reached London-bridge station at 3 o'clock. At the station his Excellency was met by the Rev. Mr. Popoff, chaplain, and the household of the Embassy, all of whom were greeted with much kindness by the Baron. The return of this distinguished diplomratist willbehailed-vithsatisfaction by the small circle of intimate friends by whom his Excellency surrounded himself diuing his long residence in this country. Baron Bronnow comes as the envoy bearing to the English Court the formal announcement of the death of the Emperor Nicholas, and the accession of the Emperor Alexander to the Imperial throne. THE PROTOCOLS.-The Protocols of the Conferences held in Paris, relative to the general treaty of peace (yesterday published), fill a Parliamentary paper of some 112 pages. There are 24 protocols, extending from the 25th of February, to the 16th of April. The terms in which they are dravn up are, as may be supposed, dry and formal, and almost exclusively relative tot eh details of the " Treaty of Peace," already published in encSe. The most interesting of the protocols (No. 22), has already appearsd in Thie Times. ~ ~ ~ ~ IBsnS CHuRcH Msszos.-The seventh annual meeting of the Society for Irish Church Missions to the Roman Catholics was held in Exeter-hall yesterday, The larquis of Blandford took the chair, and in opemnig the proceedings urged the claims of the society, pressing upon the meeting the importance of giving independence by means of Protestantism to the Roman Catholics of Ireland, as the best antidote to the centralizing efforts of Popery, and the greatest safeguard against foreign aggression. He was convinced that if the efforts that were now being made to upset the established church in that country should prove successful one of the greateet barriers to the liberty of Eingland would be overthrown. The report, which was read by the Rev. Mr. DaUas, related several details connected with the society's operations. The aggregate amount of funds received in the past year. was 3(5,7351., which, with a balance in hand of 3,0241., made a total of 39,7591. Of this sum 29,9571. had been expended in carrying on missionary operations in Ireland, 3,0001. had been paid to the Irish Society on the termination of a three years' aliance with that society, and the contingent expenses had amounted to 3,4871., making a total expenditure of 3G,4441. A balance remained in the hands of the committee of 1,8801., and 1,4341. 17s. 7d. had been lost by the failure of the society's hankers, though the appeal made in consequence of the loss had increased thec year's income by about 4,000L. The total number of agents employed was 783. There were in connexion with the society 47 missionary congregations, gathlered in 15 churches, built and consecrated as the result of the society's labours, and 32 licensed school-houses, in which Divine service was held in the Irish language on 31 occasions and in English on 337 occasions in each month. The Marquis of Blandford, after the readino of the report, resigned the chair to Lord Clancarty, who lriefly addressed the meeting in support of the society, and was followod by Canons Stowel and Bickersteth, and the Revs. Messrs. Wilkinson, Dalton, Minton, and Eade. who severaUy advocated its objects. THE OLD COACHINeG L':REnST.-Thursday being, May-day, an occasion of general rejoicing in the old coaching days, a deputation from the English coach proprietors ,waited on GeneralWyndham, M.P_, at his residence, Mountstreet, Grosvenor-square, and presented him with a characteristic " token" in commemoration of the success of the gallant general's labour in the House of Commons on the late reduction of stage-carriage duty. The " token" was a superb holly four-horse whip, with carved ivory handle and gold mounts; the npper mount also of fine chased gold. having the generals crest and this inscription :-" General Wyndham, 1SLP., from the whips of England, in conmlemoration of June 27, ]1855," that being the day on which the gallant general carried a motion in the house to redusce the dnty.-Globe. THE IR1S COURT or CHAxECERY.-The revenue derived from stampi or proceedings in this court during the year 1855, amounted to 12,2201. CAVAL-RY AMD IN-FANTRY BARP.ACKs.-A return moved for by Sir J. Paxton gives a list of 17 or 1S barraeks erected at London, Londonderry, .Ashton, Bury, Preston, Brecon, Newport, Bristol, Pembroke, Sheffield, Sheerness, Portsea, and in the Channel Islands during the last 25 car Theyareforthemost part infantrybarracks, asl4 are capable of accommodatinz 318 officers and 9, i31 privates. Theoutlay per man incurred in the building of zhese barracks varied from 361. to 208,.
COURRT OF COMMON COUNCIL. .b- ADlDRESS TO THE QUIEEN ON' TE PEACE. t Yesterday a special Court was held in consequence of a r.quisition numerously signed " to consider of an aiddress to 'Her Majesty upon the definitive treaty of peace betwreen I the Allies and His Imperial Majesty the Emperor of AR the jussias." Complaint was made by several aldermen that they had not received suinmons to attend so important a meeting of I the Common Council, and by several Uouusmou Counciluen I that they had not received summons to attend upon the interestinjg- occasion ofthe proclamation of peace. The To-wn-Clerk said that all which was sanctioned by practice and precedent on both occasions hzd been done, amid it was loudly asserted that the difficulty was solely occasioned by the separation of each Court from the other, and could only be removed by their complete union. (A laugh.) Alderman and SheriffKEXNiiEDY said,-I have reas' ntobs proud of the position in which the kindness of my fellow citizens has done me the honour to place me, and which ha; given me the privilego of taking a leading part in the ceremonial of the proclamation of peace, aud iu now being their representative to deliver the sentiments vwhich I believe they feel on the present important occasion, of prenaring an address to the throne conveying our cougratulatiuns to our belovedSovereign. (Hear, hear.) Letumerefertothehis. tory of the two years past, and see what are the subjects of congratulation. Wo can never forget the expression of " having drifted into the war," which marked the most anIxous solicitude on our part to avoid it. Every resource of explanation and solicitation was exhausted-no spirit of aggression existed on our part-no thirst for glonr and no lust for acquisition-the one object now attained was all we sought-the maintenance of the integrity and inde-' pendence ofthe Ottomanempire. (Hear,hear.) Nor was the war the result of our resistance to aggression The Ottoman Government, with aw spirit wthich can never be too much admired, defied the overwhelmning force of their opponent, and on their own responsibility declared war, and marched their army to the protection of their frontier. (Cheers.) Nor is it solely the grand principle which ve have asserted. We have substantial guarantees-the destraction of the Black Sca fleet, the capture and overthrow of the standing menace, and the Sea of Asoff swept- Kertch F Yenikale, and Kinburn taken and held- the Il3ack Sea neutralized; the Danubeopoened; andequal rights granted by the Sultan to his Christian subjects; for triumphs which speak to the future, and givo us a glorious pledge that the aggression which has been in brooding preparation for a century has been effectually met and disposed of. A mere word will sometimes record a history; and if you refer to the id chapter of Gibbon you will zind a learned discussion on the word " Sebastopol," which will show that the very name was intended to convey the avowed fact that the fortress was meant as a standing menace to indicate the advancing policy of Russia. (Cheers.) This is not the arena for the discussion of the conduct of those who carried on the war. The object of the war not being conquest we have obtained all that we were bound to ask. The Russian frontier, for the first time in history, has receded. Half-a-million of men, theflower of theRussian army and navy, have perished; the first aggression was signally repulsed, and the invaders driven ount of the Tarkish teri tories. Sincethat event the allies have been the assailants, and every assault has terminated injuriously to Russia, while the poor compensation of the acquisition of Kars was by no means a triumph to the Russian army, which was desperately repulsed on the last occasion they ventured to attack. The result of the war and the exhaustion of men and means have thus read a lesson to the most encroaching and domineering Power the world ever saw, that it must no longer look to riar for the promotion of the prosperity of its people. (Cheers.) The Alderman then directed the attention of the Court to the fact that EngLand was taunted with the vice of having heen unprepared for war ; that whilo France was able to pour in her most capable leaders to the seat of war from Algeria England was prohibited by the fatal interposision of routine from transferring from her territories in the East to the scene of action the persons best qualified to accomplish the great objects of the -war. He trusted and believed that an amendment in that respect would spring from our recent experience, and that the pro. ject of placing the right men in the right places would supplant the pernicious action of the old system. He spolo with admiration of the terms in which the proclamation of the thanksgiving was expressed, alluded to the prediction of Napoleon, that Russia was to be checked by the union of EngLand and France alone, and earnestly hoped that the union which at present so harmoniously existed between those two great nations would render the proclamation of any future peace umnecessary. He then briefly adverted to the conduct of the German States, and their present position and weight in the scale of European Powvers. Hl:e expressed confidence in the great future prosperity of Turkey and in the spread of Christian enlightenment there, and he concluded, after warmly approving the articles of the treaty against privateering and the amelioration of war as respected neutrals, by moving,- "That a loyal and dutiful address of congratulation be presented to Her Majesty on the auspicious event of a definitive treaty between the allies and His uImperial Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias for the restoration of peace and the maintenance of the integrity and independence of the Ottoman empire." (Cheers.) Three Common Councilmen rose to second the motion of Alderman and Sheriff Kennedy, but it was determined by the vote of the Court that the honour should be conferred upon Mr. Rowley, who, as chairman of one of the principal committees, was considered to be entitled to the distinction. Mr. RoWLEY then rose and said, the hon. alderman who introduced the proposition had given such admirable reasons for designating the peace a glorious event that he would do nothing more than merely second the motion. Mr. NESMAar said, he heard with surprise the grounds upon which the motion for the address was sustained. He, as a matter of course, felt grateful to Pzovidence for peace; but how any one could call the peace which had been just proclaimed a glorious peace he could not comprehend. He condemned the whole conduct of those who had carried on the war for the palpable defects in the system of preparation and administration; and he considered the abandoument of Kars to the enemy to be a test of theirmost crnel treachery. He thanked (God, but he did not thank the Government, for the peace. (Laughter and cries of "Hear.") He did not thinki that any glory was achieved by the siege of Sebastopol, and he was decidedly opposed to the idea of presenting an address of an humble and cringing character to such men as the present Government was composed of. Deputy DAns? deprecated the language used by &r. Gresham, which he said was not justified by any observation used by Alderman Kennedy. The effect of the late war would be to teach the Emperor of Russia and his people no longer to direct their energies to war but to the arts of civlzation and peace, and the mover was Perfectly justified in describing the nature and quality of the esson which had been g,iven to the ag,gressor. Alderman SInNEr was quite at a loss to know why such a subject should engage the attention of the Court. He could not see why Her Majesty should be addressed upon such a matter. It waswell known that the Qneen was relieved from all responsibility by her Ministers, so that the Court were about to go to Her Majesty to praise thevery persons who had not proved that they merited approbation. He approved the appointment of a day of thanksgiving for Peace, but if the address meant anything it meant that the Court applauded those who advised the war and conducted it. 'f(ries of "No, no.") The matter would have kept very well for a week or fortnight, at anyrate, and they would then have the opportunity of hearing the lucid statements of Lord Clarendon in the one house, and Lord Palmerston in the other. ("Hear, hear," and "No.") He wanted to know whether the country had the blessings of peace. T'he war had cost 100 millions of money and 50,000lives, and he wished to know whether the peace 'which had been spoken of was one on which the country ought to be congratulated?l (Disapprobation, and cries of "Hear, hear.") l3e believed it was a peace which settled no principle. The main features remained to be settled yet by commissioners. ("Hear, hear!" and "No, no!") He hadheardmembers express great dissatisfaction at the war, the conduct of the war, and the termination of the war. No one rejoiced more than he on the restoration of peace; but never had a war been undertaken in which England was so deeply humiliated. ("No, no!" and "Hear, hear!") The review at Spithead the other daywas an exhibition of greatpovwer, and showed that England possessed the wonderful material of her greatness in full vigour, but that very display betrayed by its contrast the wvretched mismanagement which this country had so much reason to deplore. The peace would, he readily admitted, be a fit subject for congratulation if it were a peace upon lasting principles ; but to say the present peace vas a glorious peace was toadyismto the Government or mere farce, and he hoped the Court would have the wisdom to adjourn the discussion until they received a little more information from the Legislature. (Loud cries of "No. no !" " Hear, hear !" and movement.) Mir. Rn.D spoke warmly in favour of the motion. He would not say that the event about to be commemorated was the termination of a glorious war, but it was certainly a glorious peace. (Cheers.) The question was, whethier what had just tak-en place was an honourable termination of a great struggle ? He contended that it was, for everything had been by means of itput upon such a footing as must lead to lasting goed effets. He could see why the consideration of the subject should be adjourned. He found that the integrity of the Ottoman power was preserved andits independence established; that the privileges of the Christian subjects of that empire were secured, and that othergreat pointshad been accomplishedb andhe believed that the peace would be a lasting peace so far as diplomacy could make it lastin. (Hear, hear.) He concluded by hoping that the principle of arbitration would constitute the great element of decision in the future quarrels and differences between Governments. Mr. HorGooD differed from Alderman Sidney as to the construction likely to be placed upon the langunge and meaning of the address. There was nobody who would not receive gratification at finding that the horrors of war were at an end, and to express tha' sentiment in an address to the Queen would be a singular way of toadying to the Ministers. Mr. Ross said, the treaty ws a glorious one, and would be rermemiibered to the credit of the age. He described the effects of the war as 3aving greatly exceeded the general expectation in the destruction of the alarinig power of Rusdia and tho accomplishment of permanent benefits for the world, nnd he believed that Turkey would, if England did not malke more haste, appear foremost inthe race of religious liberty. (Hear, hear.) :Mr. JoNEs said, he trustedthe Court would be unanimous upon the subject. It had been the practice of the Court to addiess the Crown on the achievement of peace, and the present -was an occasion of sincere congratulation on what waa the greatest of all blessings. (IHear, hear.) Sir P. lAraRnM supported the motion. The worse the was was conducted the greater would be the necessity obr I peace. He looked upon peace as a great blessing, par- ticularly when it put an end to mismanagement among the other desperate evils attending it. (A laugh, and cries of "Hear.") Aldermian CuBiTT said, he was anxious for peace in COE mon vwith his feUow-subjects, and he was surprised to hear as be did sometimes hear, that the peace just ratified ws a shlam, a rotten peace. (Hear, hear.) He had read the treaty. He had read all the protocols with great attention, andeverythingwasasclearto him asifhehad beenpresent in the room in which the conferences had been hold. The tresty was f ounded upon most equitable Drinciples. He would not caU the peace a glorious peae That was notthe word, for the word " glorious," applied to one side, meaut " degrading" upon the pArt of the other. (Cheers.) It was a fir arbitration of all the dijficulties whichi surrounded the conditions of those principally interested and which were likely to arise. The allies went into the war with an avowed object. They sought no aggrandizement, arnd they required of Russia what was necessary for the general security, and they obtained it. Nothing could be more fair than the spirit witth which the importaut c.nferences were carried on and the uniuimity wlich marked their ternination. (Cheers.) Aldernman COPEL -N.D said, the proceedings of the Court were prciuature. Taere were souie explanations necessary as to sue clrcumstances of the treaty. lais friend (Alderman. Cibitt) ;aid that the treaty was a fair arbitration. Had the award been snade? (-Hear, hear," and a laugh.) It would be agree ,ble to ascertain somnethiLg about the commissioners appointed ro regulate as to the important business of the nzvigotion of tue Danube and other essential natters before the Court came to a deterwinution, such as that -which seemed to have a mnajority of supporters in the Court. They should think of the Ulsytox-Bulwer treaty. (" Hear, hear," and "No, no !") The Court might rely upon it that there would ba numberless disputes amoDg the comnuissioners, (No, no.) fhy, he would ask, if the allies had a right to be offended V.iLh kussia, had they not asked the Emnperor to settle the bill ' (A laugh, and cries of " Hear, hear.") HIe must declare in conclusion, that never was there a peace wlich wds looked upon with such apathy as the peace which had been des.rsbed as just ratified. hMr. BESLEY didnotundersta,id why people cavilIed at the propnsitiuns. Ho had read thetreatyand the protocols, and he was compelled to confe-s that Lord Clarendon had proved him,ehlf in the whole of the negotiations, a much greater min than he had ever supposed his lordship to be. Hear, hear.) TaeTre was no doubt of a secure peace ; he would not say a lasting peace, because who in the present state of the world, could expect any great permanency? But he looked upon the mention of arbitration as most pro- itious to the great interests of humanity. (Hear, hear.) tewould support the motion, hut he would watch the address, so that not a word would appear in it in favour of the bungling of the Government. Aldermen RosE said, Alderman Copeland had asked why Russil had not been asked to pay the bill; but the question was, whethor Russia, if she had been able to py the bil, would have stopped the war. (Hear, hear.) HVeargued strongly in favour of the motion. Alderman Km"'-ymDy's proposition was then put and unanimously agreed to, and a committee having prepared the address, it was unanimously and amid loud cheers agreed to.
TPA.DE ScHooIs AED LNDusnIAL EDuCmTIox.- A meeting was held on Thursday evening, in the Broadmlead-rooms, Bristol, for the purpose of explaining to the working-classes the objects an: advantages of the trada school recently inaugurated in that city by Lord Granville. There was a numerous attendance of those for whose especial benefit the meeting was convened, as well as of persons of a higher rank of life. The chair having been taken by the Dean of Bristo1, the Rev. Canon Moseley addressed the meeting at great length npon the subject of the education imparted in the schools attended by the children of working men. He regretted that the children of the working classe did not attend schools in reasonable proportion, and proceeded to enforce the necessity of providing more ample means of educating them. He did not believe that this neglect of education, which so singularly characterised the workmen of England, and which distinguished them from all other classes of society, arose from any wvant of natural affection for their offspring. (Hear, hear.) From his ow experience as a parochial clergyman he could tell of examples of devoted affection which might often put tXshame those of other classes. There was no want whatever of natural affection among the worldxc_ classes, and this was a great resource for the fziends of education, if they would but caU it into action. The worling classes were perfectly willing to make sacrifeas-for their children, if they did but see that those sacrificomwera beneficial to them. After some further observnatioms in regard to the general subject of education, the spe3ker explained the progress which had been in the trade school of srstol. Mr. P. F. Aikin, banker, and Mr. Haunded Corsham, coal proprietor, next addressed the reeting, the latter enlarging upon the advantages of the m'ing school whichhad been established in connexion with the Bistol trdo school. Dr. Lyon Playfair next addressed the 3meeting, and touched upon various subjects with a view to [ prove the necessity and advantage of schools of this de- scription. Mr. Herbert Mrackworth, Insector of Mines |for the Western District, nroposed a ote of thanks to Dr. iLyon Playfair for hiis kindnesss- in attending the meeting, and for the valuable inlformnation ho had afforded. Mr. Mlathias, a working-man, seronded the motion, whiola was carried by acclamation. A vote of thauks was tlhelt awarded to the Dean for Pretidlg,
FRANCE. (PROM OUM OWNr CORRZSPO,DT.) PARIS, THURSDAY, MLAy 1, 6 P.M. Count de Morny will not only represent the Emperor of the Frenlch at the coronation of the uperor of Russia at MIoscowv, but twill remain provisionall3y as Ambassador at St. Petersburg. It is I aid that he 'will be accompanied in his mission, by GJeneral De la Rule. I am assured that the King of Wurtemberg is oxpected to-morrow in Paris. An Imperial decree makes the following diplomatic changes and appointments:- "Baron de Talleyrand-Perigord, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of the Prince :Regent of Baden, has been charged vwith a special iission in the Danubian Principalities,; Count de Reiset, First Secretary of Embassy at St. Petersburg, has been named MAinister-Plenipotentiary and placed en diponriT1&U ; X. Baudin, First Secretary of the Embassy of France at London, has been appointed to a similar post at St. Peters. burg, vice Count de Reiset; Viscount de Serre, First Secrotzry of Embassy at Vienna, has been named Minister Plenipotentiary of the Emperor to the Prince Regent of Baden, vice Baron de Talleyrand-Perigord; the Marquis Ade Banneville, Secretary of Legation at Naples, has been named First Secretary of Embassy at Vienna, vice Viscount dO Serre; Baron de Malaret, First Secretary of Legation at Berlin. has been named First Secretary of Enmbass at London, vice M. Baudin; Baron de Belcastel, Secretary of Legation at Turin, has been nominated .First Secretary at Berln, in the room of Baron de Malaret; the Marquis de Chate3a-Renard, Second Secretary of Legation at Vienna, has been nominated Secretary of Legation at Turin, vice :Baron de Belcastel; Count de Mosbourg., Secretary of Le-atiou unemployed, has been nominated Second Secretary at Vienna, in the room of the Marquis de Chateau-Renard; Count de Bondy, Secretary of Legation at Copenhagen, has been nominated in the same quality at Dresden, in the room of M. de Bourqueney; Chevalier St. Robert, Secretary of Legation at Lisbon, has beesq nominated in the same quality at Copenhagen, in the room of Count de Bondy; M. de Bourqueney, Secretary of Legtion at Dresden, has been nominated in the same quality at Lisbon, in the room of Chevalier St. Robert; Couit d'Astorg, Secretary of Legation at Stutgardt, has been nominated in the same quality at Naples, in the room of the 3arquis de Banneville; Mi. Rothan, Second Secretary of Legation at Berlin, has been nominated Secretary at Stutgardt, in the room of Count d'Astorg; Baron de Reinach, Second Secretary of Legation at Berne, has been nomiaated in the same quality at Berlin, in the room of M.Rotban; M. Baconni6re de Salverte, paid Attach6 at Frankfort, hasbeen nommated Second Secretary of Legation at Berne, in the room of Baron de Reinach; M. Dollfus, paid AttachG at St. Petersburg, has been nominated in the same quality at Frankfort, in the room of M. Baconnidre de Salverte; Vicomte Simeon, paid Attache at Cassel, has been nominated in the same quality at St. Petersburg, in the room of M. DoUfus; hM de Hell, unpaid Attache at Berlin, has been nominated paid Attachc at Cassel, in the room of Vicomte Simneon.' The Trieste Gazette publishes the following, under date Smyrna, 15th ult.:- " In order to insure the execution of the new Hat-Humayoun, Turkey would require willing and able functionaries. A fortnight ago, when the Eat-Humayoua was published at Karaburnu, in the pashalic of Smyrna, a fanatical Turk suddenly left the Assembly in a state of extraordinary excitement, drew a pistol from his belt, and blews out the brains of the first rayah he met in the street. The victim ws a Greek boy of 13. The murderer trampled him under his feet, uttering the most frightful rualedictions. On the application of the priest, the Turkish Aga promised to arrest him; but the next day the same person broke into a church, with a Inumber of other fanatics, and destroyed all the sacred vases and vestments. The clergyman, fortunately, made his escape. Even after the perpetration of this second crime the murderer was left at liberty. The Greek inhabitants then complained to the Governor of Smyrna, -who appeared greatly irritated against the Aga, and promised to give him the severest orders. This occurred e'ght days ago, and nothing has yet been done. A fact of the same kind occurred at Serakoi, a large village, situate near Teneslu. Hitherbo, the Greeks residing in the interior were denied the right of using bells, and were only permitted to strike boards with a hammer. After the publication of the Hat-Humayour. the priest of Serakoi substituted an iron plate for the board. Scarceiy, however, had he struck a few blows on it, in order to call the faithful'to church, than the Aga had him arrested and treated in the most brutal manner. A complaint having been addressed to the Governor of Smyrna, the priest was set at liberty, but the Aga 'as not punished, and the Greeks had to take back their, board. In our bazaar quarrels continually occur betweenI the Turks and the rayahs. The latter generally are the sufferers. and can obtain no redress. The Government at Constantinople is aware that such acts would justify the continuation of the presence of the allies in Turkey, and has consequently issued strict orders to the governors energetically to maintain the rights conceded to the rayahs." Accounts from Spain mention that order continued to be maintained at Valencia, but that the ferment in the minds of the people had not diminished. Arrests were stiU going on; the citadel was crowded with prisoners, of whom over 100 were put on board ship to be transferred to 2sturviedro. General Zabala will prolong his residence in that city. General Villalonga, who had been dismissed for want of energy, was endeavouring to obtain reparation for 'what he considers the Vwrong done him by the Government, and demands to be restored to his command. The Mlissister of War refused to comply with his request, and it is expected that he will be placed on the half-pay list, and sent to the Balearic Isles or to the Canaries. A telegraphic despatch from Madrid, dated this day, states that the Cortes voted yesterday, by a large majority, and with the support of the Centre and the Left, the basis of the organic law on the press, which requires the signature of the writer to all articles in newspapers, as well as a deposit in, money as security. The M1oderado party opposed, unsuccessfully, these measures. General Espartero arrived at Bruges the night before last. The ceremony of churching the Empress (relevrailles) was performed this day at the Palace of the Tuileries. The ceremonial already published was closely followved, with the exception that the Empress remained during the ceremony seated in a fauteuil. The Bishop of Nancy, Principal Almoner to the Emperor, officiatei The Emperor was present. The Bishop, assisted by the Abb6s MKullois and Versini, chaplains to the Emperor, celebrated manss at the altar, erected for that purpose in one of the saloons close to the Emperor's^apartment. After the mass the Bishop pronounced the Pontifical benediction, recited the prayers for the Emperor, and then conducted their Majesties to their apartment. During the ceremony the Archbishop of Adras, Second Almoner to the Emperor, celebrated mass, at the intimation of the Empress, in the chapel of the Tuileries. The act of inscribing the Prince-Tmperial as e4fant de trovpe in the French army is remarked on by the M1oniteutr de i'Arm'ne in the following terms:- " In causing the Imperial Prince to be inscribed on the muster-roU of a regiment as enfiant de tro-upe, the Emperor honours the service. In past centuries the sons of the most illustrious races were in infancy entered in orders of kmighthood, the sole institutions vwhich in those tinies served the country and religion. Long before Bayard was a page. young princes were inscribed in their cradles as infants of an order, and subsequently as poursuiiants d.'ar ssa in the books of warriors. Such is the genealogical tree of ouir enfans de trospe. Young nobles in growing never ceased to have before their eyes noble examples of devotedness to the country and hereditary bravery; they received noble lessons amidst men 'who had served France well, and whose scars told the tale of their past lives. There was thus created for young nobles a new and manly family, which prepared themf better than speeches could have done for the trials of life. The prince thus gave to thechildthe most useful of lessons; he gave himself natural supporters and faithful companions by that sort of fraternity in the earliest age-for in sev eral orders the designation 'brother' was consecrated. In borrowing froms religion this almost sacred word, knighthood said clearly to al that they were bound together in life or death. All the generous ideas of our epocl, devotedness to France, abne. gation, support of the veak, respet of autthority, honour, and glory, took their rlie in the arnied corps, those fi t schools of an. In inserting the heir of the tl rone in the muster ro22 of a regiment, the Sove2eign eloquently expressee that he is, and that hi3 Fon will be, the Emperor of alL The young Princa makes the vow of soldiers-love of France, justice, bravery, firmnese; discipline, and service. On his birth he might have received the title of King, duke, or count ; but lie receives that of soldier, which is the title of nobility of the French nation,an old title which, from Bouvines to Sebastopol, has caused the common man to rise and crowned him with glory at Ivry, Mnestricht, Fontenoy, Marengo, Austeritz, Montmirail, Constantine, Rome, and the Alma. It is in truth a noble title, that of soldier, for it expresses the two greatest maodern ideas produced by Christianity, service and servitude. By the side of the noblest name of our century-tho name of Napoleon-will be inscribed other names, from cottages, workshops, and modest houses. These names borne bv other children will receive a 2lorious reflec- tion, and the children of the people will learn what grandeur there is in the title of soldier. Such is our modern chivalry -our national chivalry." The bill lately presented to the Legislative Body for granting pensions to the great functionaries of the empire consists of only one article. The purport of it is that there may be granted by Imperial decree to Ministers and other grand functionaries of the emp ire, to their vidows and children, and to the widovs and children of marshals and admirals, a pension not exceeding 20,000f. a-year, in cases where eminent services call for an extraordinary recompense, and where insufficiency of fortune shall render such a provision necessary. AUSTPIA. (FROM OUi. OWN CoRRESPONDENT.) VIENN'A, AraiL 28. Some weeks sinice you learned from me that the Archbishop of Vienna and the Bishops of Linz and St. Polten had forwarded to the incumbents of the different parishes within their sees a circular containing instructions relative to the interment of non-Catholics. You were also informed that the mortal remains of non-Roman Catholic Christians would no longer be allowed to lie in the family vaults which had been constructed in the general churchyards (al7gemeine lUirchhUfe), but the correctness of my statement was questioned, and more than one newspaper correspondent positively denied the existence of a circuIlar like that mentioned by me and by a writer for the Frankfort Journlc. The inferior clergy, who highly disapprove the unlimited power which has been given to the bishops, and of the way in which they are inclined to use it, are much disposed to look on the subjoined document, which is neither more nor less than the circular in question, as a kind of incendiary letter:- "TuE DIEmROPOLIrTA AND BISHOPS OF THE EccLESL%s_ TICAL PsRcO1scE OF VIENNA TO TiE WISOLE OF THE REVERER1ND CLERGY OV THEIR DIocESES. " In the name of the Lord, happiness and benediction. " The Lord, our great Redeemer, who died for all men, is the light which shines on all those who enter this world; his Church receives all those for whom he became a sacrifice with maternal affection, and endeavours to procure light and mercy for those against whom the gates of heaven are closed. But the Church, the stay and foundation of truth, cannot treat those who disdain her (sie vcrschmdhen) as if they were her own children. She proclaims to all, when and where she can, the doctrines of salvation; she teaches true believers Christian love to their neighbours when and where it is in her power; but she only grants the privileges of ecclesiastical communion to those who listen to her voice and profess her faith. She does not pass sentence of condemnation (verdammnunu) on those who were not withini her pale at the time of their death, because the Searcher of Hearts alone can know whether it was or was not the fault of the deceased that they were not members of the only true Church. Church (Kirchliickes) burial, however, can be granted only to those T rsons who were within the pale of the Church, as such burial is based on the right of ecclesiastical communion. " Consequently a Roman Catholic priest is never in any way to co-operate at the funeral of non-Catholics (Akatholiken) ; he must not permit the beUs of the Catholic house of the Lord to be tolled, and he must not, even without the outward signs of his ecclesiastical office, accompany the. corpse to the grave, lest it should appear that he had officially performed a pastoral duty to a non-Catholic Christian. " By the prayer and benediction of the Church the cemetery is consecrated and set aside for the interment of her children. In districts where there are non-Catholic communities which have their own burialground no nonCatholic can, under any circumstances, be buried in a Catholic churchyard. Where there are non-Catholic communities which have not their own cemetery, it is to be wished that a completely separate place of interment should be assigned to them, and we propose to take measures accordingly. Until this has been done, a part of the cemetery, divided by a wall, hedge, or paling, shall be allotted to non-Catholics. In the greater part nf our ecclesiastical province non-Catholic communities are not to be found, and there can only be question of the burial of a few individuals. When a decent burial caunot be managed in any other way, such persons are to be buried inthe Catholic cemetery, but the spot is to be separated from the rest of the burialground by a boundary that can easily be recognized. Whenever difficulties present themselves, the Deans have to report to the ' ordinary I (ordinariat). " A Roman Catholic priest may never, under any circum. stances, appear to have performed any church duty as the proxy of a non-Catholic. This rule is to be strictly observed in respect to baptism, though a regard for the salvation of the child must not be lost sight of. A Catholic priest can therefore consent to baptize the child of non-Catholicparents, lest it should lose the blessing of regeneration. But if the parents will not pledge themselves to have the child educated in the Catholic religion it is to be entered as a Catholic in the register of baptism, but with the remark that it is the offspring of non-Catholic parents, -who have given no promise to have it educated in the CatholiEc faith. Ia such cases only Catholics can officiate as sponsors. Protestants can only attend as witnesses of the performance of the ceremony of baptism. " In all such communications with non-Catholics everything is to be avoided, in as far as a proper discharge of duty wiU permit, that can wound their feelings." The rest of the document, which bears date February 25, 1856, and is signed by the CardinalArchbishop of Vienna and the Bishops of Linz and St. Polten, contains nothing worthy of your notice. A ViennacorrespondentoftheAlugsbnrG aazette writes that a Protestant workman, who died at Leobersdorf, a place about 25 milesfromthis city, was buried in a remote corner of the churchyard in spite of the remonstrances of his fellow-workmen. At Inzersdorf, close to Vienna, a part of the churchyard has been "shut off" for Protestants by means of a row of willows. Several Protestants have died in the neighbourhood of Vienna within the last few weeks, and the great number of Catholics present at their funerals has attracted general attention. The Austrian writer asks whether it can be the will of the State " that the Roman Catholic hierarchy should have the right of jurisdiction over the corpses of the lieges." PRUSSIA. (FiOn OUR OWN GORItESPONDMNT.) BERUIN, ArtiL 30. The SYacas Anzeiger of last night published the text of the treaty of peace. We have received further telegraplhic information to-day of a fresh outbreak having taken place at Nablous on the 15th, in repetition of what had already occurred there on the 4th. It is stated that the energetic conduct of the Pasha and of the Consuls in Jeerusalem, to whom applications for assistance had been made, had succeeded in quelling the disturbance; on this occasion one life only has been Jost. Thie Russian Minister here gives a grand dinner to-day in honour of the birthday of his Imperial master, the proper anniversary of which, howev,-r, fell yesterday, and was duly kept at Charlottenburg. All the Ministers, the coips diplomatiTec, the superior officers of the Court and the army, and the commander of the 3d Regiment of Hussars (of which the Emperor is Colonel), are to be present. Almost the whole personncl of the Russian Embassy has been -changed of late; all the former members, with the exception of the Minister himself, have received other appointments, and it is expected that Baron udbergwvillalso, beforelong, be appointed toVienna. The Empress Mother is expected here in the middle of May, to stay for a fortnight in Potsdam, and then repair to Stuttgard and Wildbad. Count Miinster, who was absent from his post as Prussian military attaclh¶ at St. Petersburg during the past winter, has lately returned thither. On the 23d inst. he passed through Warsaw on his way back. About a week agoMemel was at leng,th visited again by a Russian steam frigate, a sight the MIemelershadnot seenfor sometime. TheRussian determined to draw ample attention to the fact of the flag's reappearing off that coast by saluting the town in dme style. The most recent and, perhaps, the graudest work of the great master Cornelius, has recently been forwarded to Charlottenburg for tho King's inspection. It consists of the study in crayons of an altar picturej- about 90 fees high, to be executed in fresco in the recess bebind the high altar of tbe future Basilica that is already commenced building in Berlin. It representsthe last moments of the world previous to the opening of the Last Judgment. The German name that the master has given it singnifies the " awaking of the creature," in reference to the rising of all those who sleep in the grave. One of the most popular tenor singers of Germany haa just left here for London, Herr von der Osten. Heisonlyjustreturned from a "starring" trip through Holland, and now revisits England, where his readings of Schubert's and Mendelssoim's eloquent ballads will doubtless not have been forgotten. R'USSIA. The Moscow papers publish an address of the Archbishop of that city to ";the faithlful." It was issued previous to the offering up of thankSsgivings for the conclusion of peace. The following are the principal passages: " On the same day whereon Heaven announced to the earth the advent, first mysterious then glorious, of the Divine 'Lord of Peace' (Jer. ix., 8), this capital received the announcement of the peace with which our most pious Monarch has gratified the country, by putting an end to battles. lVhat is your opinion on this subject, 0, ye faithful sons of Russia ? lVhat is the sentiment of your hearts ! Do they feel that peace has returned to them ? Or is not their anger yet appeased ? does the blood stil boil with indignation at the thought of the injustice which excited the war against us, and aggravated the evils thereof ? " Let us remember the law-let us obey the Lord of Peace, let us forget the evil that has been done ulto us-let us pardon mortifications-let us cast aside al rancour even against these who abhor peace, and stil more against those who have proposed to put an end to the war, and who have held out a hand to us as a sign of peace. May anger be appeased. May discontent cease. Le' peace be made not only for arnies but for the public welfare and interest-let it dwell likewise in the innermost heart and soul. "Let us render thanks to God, who has supported us in this struggle. Let us render thanks to God, who has given us peace. Let us endeavour to turn peace to account. " We cannot look back with indifference to the difficul- I ties wlich the war offered to the Russian armies, nor upon the charges it imposed upon the people, nor upon the privations and miseries it inflicted upon those of our compatriots who werP in the vicinity of the theatre of war. " But to those remembrances there are others, great and consoling. " When our sailors, who commenced the war by the destruction of the TurLish fleet, -were compelled to give way to the superior force of many empires, not only did they not abandon their ships, but they made a submarine fortress of them for the defence of the town and port. Our soldiers and sailors united resisted for 11 consecutive months in Sebastopol the united armies of four kidngdoms and instruments of destruction, the power of which is without piecedent. Finally, although the enemy, in the midst of the ruins which we abandoned to them, has persisted in destroy ing the last vestiges, there is still to-day a Russian army at 3ebastopoL "More to the east, a small fortress with a handful of men repulsed the attacks, by land and sea, of a much superior snemy, more by prayer than by strength, according to those who took part therein. " In the west two powerful fleets exhausted their strength igainst one fortress, and only threatened anothe: from afar. [n the north a singular combat took place: on the one land ships-of-war and cannon, on the other servants of tTEe Lord, monks, who showed themselves on the waUs, with amages and prayers, and a few men slightly armed; and the x,nvent remained unhurt. The armies of four of the most powerful nations of the world were fighting against Russia. " Among the Powers which remained strangers to the war, some of them maintained a strict neutrality, but )thers, by their equivocal attitude, hampered our freedomof action to the advantage of the enemy. And yet, despite all this, we were not vanquished in Europe, and we remained victors in Asia. Glory to the Russian army! *' Peace beingrestored, we do not wish to renew the com. 1 bat, even by word of mouth. We, however, remembei that, even during the armistice, when we were not allowed to, nse our weapons some of our adversaries c6ntinued the truggle against the stones of our peaceful edifices. The stones themselves were indignant at the act, and buried in their fragments one of the heroes of that act of I destruction. "Yet, despite the success which the war still promised to our arms, we should not wish for its continuance. Let us thank God that orthodox and Christian Russia is not responsible for the commencement of the war; it was not she who declared that war-she was provoked to it, and was A obliged to accept it. It was important for her not to incur the reproach of having contributed to its continuation." The Inudgpedawce Bedge publishes the following. I letter from Warsaw of the 26th ult. | "The last number of the Invalide Busse contains an im- portant Imperial ukase, suspending during six years all| levy of recruits throughout the Russian empire and the I kingdom of Poland. I cannot toll you with what enthusiasm that new blessing has been received by the population, for this is the simplest as well as the noblest mode of assisting our agriculture, visited by scourges of every description, by epidemics, and the failure' of the two last crops. Moreover, this beneficial measure induces a hope that it is the commencement of a series of other measures, equally favourable to the moral and material welfare of the country. Many reports are rife on the subject, and some of them prove by their exaggeration the unbounded confi-. dence placed by all in the benevolent intentions of the Emperor. The reception our country prepares for the monarch will be most enthusiastic. It appears that the arrival here of His Majesty is decidedly fixed for the 18th of next month. The administration of the railroad has received orders to hold in readiness for that period the waggons of the Imperial family. This order, however, does not imply that the Emperor intends to make an excursion abroad, for it might also indicate that some august visitor is expected during the stay of His Majesty in our city. The state o war, abolished by the'recent Imperial decree, in the king, dom of Poland, was not in reality felt in the country. It only affected the army. The Aide-de-Camp of the King of Prussia, Colonel Count Munster, lately passed through Warsaw on his way to St. Petersburg. Our city was als , visited, some days ago, by a number of officers of the Greek army, coming from the Russian capital and returning to their country." ITALY. (FlCOc OUR OWN CORwRSPoNDMIT.) FLORENCE, Arrra 24. You have long since been informed that the Church of Rome was endeavouring to accomplish a concordat with Tuscany on the model of that so cleverly concluded at Vienna. For the better understanding of the intrig ,ues now going on to that effect, it is necessary to go somewhiat into detail on' the past and present course of the Tuscan Government. Since his visit to Gaeta in 1849 the Grand Dukke has become Neapolitan in politics and a bigot in religion; before then he concealed his Austrian sympathies; now he parades them. He dissembled his feelings until after the Coup &d'Jtt, wheni he completely threw off the mask. The country, on the contrary, has become thorougthly duffional and more anti-Jesuit than ever. The parties of the Grand Duke and of the Jesuits are formed into "sects." The Jesuits have a convent in the Palazzo Strozzino, on the Place delle Cipolle, and they rule in the parish of San Gaetano, w.here they have placed as parish priest one Masolini, who was formerly editor of the Echo, the clerical journal of F?lorence. The Grand Master of the Parti-Pr~&eAt is the Canon Pedralli, Chancellor of the Cathedral; his Lieutenant is M. Venturi, private secretary to the Grand Duke, who is reputed an honest clever man, but a fanatic, and he unfortunately is the means of communication between the party and the Grand Duke. The Parti-Pre6tre governs the Minister of Public Instructioni, M. Buonarotti, whose wife is a bas bleu of humble origin, who to obtain dclat affects reactionary opinions, and corresponds writh English Roman Catholic journals. The Secretary of M'L. Buonarotti is Ml. Meini, an abbi dgfroqzsd-a man submissive and cunning, and who is intimately connected with the Chevalier MIaury, another aWbb dWfroqitg, and Rector of the Uiijversity of Sienna, the evil genius of Tuscany, because he i i the author of the new penal code which has upset the Leopoldine, and instituted such cruel punishments for what are called crimes against religion. The present system of public instruction is so organized as to place all the youth in the hands of the priests, and enslave public intelligence by instilling bigoted ideas. This system is attributed to M. Landucci, Minister of the Interior, a former disciple of Mlazzini and one of the atithors of the constitution of 1848, but now a ferocious apostate. He is the man who has rendered himself necessary and agreeable to the Grand Duke, though he has not yet been able to oust M. Baldasseroni, whose absolutist policy has still been tempered with intelIgence and moderation. In the Cabinet, and especially on the subject of the Concordat t2i Aattrichieutne now on the tapis, M1. Baldasseroni is supported by the Chevalier Bologna, Minister of Public Worship, and by M. lami, Minister of Grace and Justice. The Grand Duke, pushed by the Jesuit party, and advised by Landucci and Buonarotti, wvould gladly make such a concordat, against which are Baldassoroni, Iami, Bologna, and above all the Marquis Bargagli, Tuscan Minister at Rome. The latter is said to be very ntsg, and to aim at becoming Prime Minister. His opinions are absolutist, but he would not wound the feelings of the country. He is not Italian, but thoroughly Tuscan He knows the priests well, and would not abandon the country to them bound hand and foot. The Grand Duke wished to go to Rome the other day to make the concordat at once, but at the moment of his departure the news arrived of the presentation to the Conference of M. Cavour's memorandum and the discussions thereupon, and M. Baldasseroni cleverly seized on this chance to represent to His Highness that it would be most injudicious to expose himself to Piedmontese calumnies just then; and therefore he went direct to Naples, with the intention of passing through Rome on his way back- in order to complete his fanaticalproject. In the meantime he sent sister to Rome to finish the reconciliation between the King of Naples and the Pope, which was commenced by the Grand Duchess about a month ago, when on her way to Naples. There is at present a great movement among the Austrian Princes with the Pope and the King of Naples. The Regent of Parma is led into this movement by the Duchess de Berri, who put a Jesuit into the trousseau of her daughter. The day before yesterday the Marquis Lucchese Palli, husband of the Duchess de Berri, passed through Florence, taling the inot d'ordre for Austria to Rome and Naples. Austria and her Italian satellites are much alarmed, because Italy appears resolved on obtaining emancipation in some way or other, and to this fear of Austria may be attributed the affair of Parma. According as the Austrians and PartiWPrgt.re show fear and reaction, the old democratic party agaitates and rises again even in Tuscany. The base. of all national parties in Italy-old and new-is hatred of Austria and of the priests as a governming body. Austria, no doubt, expected to find a now support in Rome, by sopping the Pope with the Concordat, after losing the alliance of Russia; but she has only exposed her weakness, and reunited all the forces of civilization against her. She has thrown defiance to a war d l'outrancc with all Italy, which threatens to bring ruin on Austrian influence in Italy, and abolish th6 temporal power of the Pope. IL Baldasseroni does not clearly perceive this future, perhaps, but he seems to have some presentiment of the kind, and would fain adopt a more moderate system in Tuscany, but is thwarted by MM. Landucci and Buonarotti, of which a proof occurred no longer ago than last Sunday, the 20th.- On that day ME Baldasseroni wished to make the cgrand distribution of medals which Tuscany had gained at the Exhibition of Paris, at the Palazzo Vecchio, and he persuaded the Grand Duke to give the decoration of merit for industry on this occasion to many Italians who had distinguished themselves in industry. Among the names were those of the Marquis Ridolfi and the MarquisRHicasoli, who are the most distinguiished of the Constitutional party. There were also the names of the brothers of the Advocate Salvagnoli, who, although retired from public life, is one of the most energetic of the Constitutional party in sustaining Italisnism. M. Baldasseroni had also inserted the' name of the Abbe Lambruschini, who is certainly] one of the greatest promoters of Tuscan industry, by his numerous writings' and his agricultural and . manufacturing experiments, but the Grand Duke struck out the name of Iambruschini; saying "He is a Protestant," thus repeating the calumnny of the Civita Cattoica, which has, in fact, come to be the proscription list for Tuscany. The Ministers Landucci and Buona-. rotti opposed the decree of the 5th. of April, bearng the names of 'Ridolfi, Ricasoli, and Salvagnoli among the list of those decorated, but on this point M. Baldasseroni was victorious, although he could not savo M. Lambruschini. There was also another struggle in the Council of the Grand Duke on this affair. The Prince de la Tour d'Auvergne, the French Minister, &c., at Florence, gave a dinner on the day of the distribution of decorations, and among the invited were the M31arquises Ridolfi and Ricasoli, but lIMN. Landucci and Buonarotti protested that they could not'sit at table with such constitutional canaiUe; and therefore the Prince was obliged to put off MM. Ridolfi and Ricasoli, but nevertheless M. Buonarotti did not appear either'at' the distribution or the dinner! M. Baldasseroni lade a speech at the distribution in which he praised the system of free trade. In this panegyric there was an indirect attackon the Customhouse laws of Austria and.the Customs Lea gue with Paria and MIodena. Mi. Baldasseroni exposes himself too much, however, to the attacks of his enemies by leaving the finances of Tuscany in sucli disorder. M. Landucci and the Parti-Pr6tre alwaY6sassail him on this point, and with reason. The disorders of the finances are more felt now because Tuscany is an agricultural country, and has lost much by the frost, which has killed the olive, and the crittogramme, -which has destroyed the vine. At present the proprietors are about to suffer another loss, because peace will diminish greatly the price of grain. The large pro-, prietors are embarrassed, the smallare ruined. The country parts of Tuscany, formerly so quiet, so gay, so safe, are now fiull of disorder and robberies. The poor Contadini are confounded wvith that class of agricultural workmen known in Tuscany as Pigionali, who have no settled labotur, and who, by their nmlbers and their wants, have become the terror of every one. The public works are not sufficient to counteract this melancholy state of affairs. The works of the Maremma arre reduced to very little, and are principally executed by Neapolitan workmen. The dlaining of the Padule de Bienta advances slowly, and employs comparatively few hands. The works at the port of Leghorn afford an opportuniity for throwing'money into the sea without benefitting the starving labourers. These works are foiund fault with by all Italian engineers, anid even M. Baldasseroni objected to this ruiinous and ineffectual work for iimproving the harbour of Leghorn. The discontent of the Contadini is augmented also by the conscription,which has just taken 2,000 yotung men from their homes. The conscription favours the Pigionali and artisans, who are generally single men ; but the Contadini work in families, each family cuiltivating a podere,-i.e., a quantity of land proportioned to the labouring powers of the occupants-and when an individual is drawn from one of these families to make a soldier of .the family must abandon thepodere, and lose caste by descendiDg to the class of Pigionali. Substitutes aro impossible for the Contadini, because monopolies have been organized for substitutes, which charge very dear, and are tampered with by the military adnainistration. The price charged, therefore, is beyond the means of the Contadini, and C-overnment only accepts those substitutes who are proposed by the associations it gains by. This leads me to say a word on the army. The Tuscan army is organized by an -Austrian general, and ought to amount to 18,000 men. The organzation is altogether A ustrian-that is to say, a severe disciplne and corrupt admiistration. The new penal code, published the other day, nade Tuscany shudder. Even the Sovereig decree which accompanied the publication admitted that it was severe. Capital punishment is profusely ordained. There is the punishment of the bastinado, and there are cases where 2,000 blows maybe given at the rate of 50 a-day. This code is so little adapted to Tuscany that the Court party ascribe to the Crown Prince a complete disapprobation of it. I doubt the truth of the report myself, but the invention rather proves the cruelty of the code. All in the Government here affect great rigour, and the guillotine has been brought out because the Grand Duke wishes to give a great example, but it is hoped the magistracy will not allow him this diversion. DEMPARK. The inauguration of the railway from Copenhagen to Korsoer took place on the 26th of April. The Royal train performed the distance, including stoppages, in four hours and a quarter. The distance is about 105 kilometres. The train madethree stoppages to allow His Majesty to receive the united deputations at the different stations, and to inspect -the viaduct constructed near Hagelo on arches more than 60 feet high. A dejeiner a la fourcheWe was given to the King by the company. In returning the distance was done in 2 hours and 50 minutes.
THE COBMF1A -BOARD OF Z7QUIBY. The Board of General Officers sat at fl o'clock yesterday mIorning. Xr. Crookabank asked the Board to bc good enough to call upon the Adjutant-General or the Quartermaster. General for the letter which Lord Lucan surmised waa in existence, conveying Lord Raglan's disapprobation of his (Mr. Crooksabnk's) conduct on the occasion of his arrest in the Crimea. The Ju3XGx-ADvOCATz inquired where this letter was to be found. Mr. Crookshank did not believe that any such letter existed. The JuDGE-ADvOcA.TE-Where 'wll it be found if it does exist ? Mr. Crookshaik.-The correspondence on the subject took place between the Adjutant-General of the Cavalry, Lord William Paulet, and Commissary-General Filder. Some conversation took place with regar;3 to the original minutes of Colonel Wetherals's evideno,which, it appeared had not been produced by Colonel Tlaloch, as requested by Sir R. Airey. The evidence of Colonel Gordon andColonel Wetherall had, it seemed, been tailen down together, and was originally contained in a joint minute, but Colonel Tulloch afterwards re-copied the evidence of these two officers in separate minutes, which were sent to the Quartermaster-Generar's department in the Crimea for correction. General Airey said he wanted the original minute referred to. Colonel Tulloch observed that it should be produced if in his possession, but he thought it unlikely that it had been preserved. What possible object, however, could there be in raising this question? Colonel Wetherall was present, and if that officer was prepared to state that his evidence was incorrectly given in the minutes before the Court, he might easily be called as a witness. General Airey said his object in asldng for the original minute would appear hereafter. WVith regard to a question put to him by the Judge-Advocate yesterday, as to what pascages of the commiissioners' report ho lookedupon as containinig auimadversions upon his conduct, he had to observe that they were so intermixed with other passages involving no animadversions that it would he cdifiult to point out the exact sentences, or parts of sentences, of which he -complained. Ro would take this opportunity of remardn" upon some observations addressed to this Board by Colonel Tulloch on Friday last. Colonel Tulloch produceJ a letter from Colonel Gordon, then Assistant Quartermaster-General of the Forces, and afterwards, by comparing this letter 'with the evidence given by hima (General Airey) before this Board in'reference to a different period, and to a very diffe- I rent circumstance, he endeavoured to mnake it appear that there was an inconsistency between his statement and that of Colonel Gordon. Colonel Gordon's letter was dated, " Quartermaster-General's office, before Sebastopol, 4th of June, 1S55," wag directed to Sir John W'Neill, and stated that as the questions put to General Airey were 52 in number, nearly every one of -which contained an impied accusation of neg¢lect or carelessness, General Airey begged him to state that he could not consent to answer them in this offhand way, but would examine these questions, and prepare 'is replies as rapidly as the extensive and varied duties of hs department would permit him to io. The Board w ould observe that this letter referred to certain written queries which Colonel Tulloch left behind him on his departure from Balal;ava. These queries had been sen' to his office, and Colonel Gordon received a note from Colonel Tulloch requesting that the answers mnight be sent to Xazatch Bay on the following morning. His (Sir P. Airey's) first impulse -would have been to comply with that request at once, but on ascertaining thepurport of the questions he perceived they were of such a nature that his answers, if given in detail, would involve a very serious assertion of his opinion, more especially as to the management of the commissariat. lIe thought this 'woull be very objectionable, even if it were possible, that a detailed exposition of his views on such imnportant matters should be suddenly prepared in an offhand way and sent to Karatch-bay. lie therefore directed Colonel Gordonto write to that effect, and, though he did not then see Colonel Gordon's letter, he did not now intend to withdraw one word of it. He declned, through Colonel Gordon, to answer such serious questions in an offhand viay, and about six weeks afterwards, 'when pressed by a telegraphic order to send his answers to London, he complied with that direction, and replied to the questions in a short and general way, indicating, however, the quarters in which authentic information nught be obtained. He was examined:before the present Board on the 14th of April, and, in order tounmderstandthetrnebearingnandeffect of the particular answer which hadbeen quotedit was necessaryto recollectexactlythe subjectmatter ofthat examination; for a man's word must always be judged, not in an abstract way, hutwith referenGe to the business of'whichhe was sneaking. The business, then, under consideration was this,-His 'witten answers to the written queries had given some information extracted from his office journal, in 'which he 'showed that -early in NSovember he had placed at Lord Luean's disposal ai engineer officer and a number of Turks, 'who were to assist in the construction of shelter for horses. The commissioners, finding this information stated without any qualifying circumstances, thought that, without further inquiry, they could so far act upon the isolated facts he had mentioned as to be justified in reporting that there appeared to be a 'want of promptitude and ingenuity in providing shelter for the horses. Lord Lucan, as he was entitled to do, mnet this charge by showing that he had not the constant services of the engineer officer, and that the Turks actually placed at his disposal failed both in numbers and in efficiency Then, finding that the imperfect character of the information obtained upon this matter had led the comomissioners into the use of an animadversion which 'was displaced by more complete evidence, Colonel TulIochverynaturally and verylegitimately turned to himn (General Airey)to inquire why it was that he had given the coimmissioners these facts as to the services of the engineer officer and the Turkish workmen without also giving them the qualifying circumstances elicited in the progress of this inquiry,-namely, that the engineer officer could not give his services contiauously, and that the Turkish worknmen failed in number and efficiency. That was, he repeated, a very proper and legitimate inquiry for Colonel Tulloch to address to him, because if he had uIown that the inquiry of the commissioners had been conducted with a view to the inculpation of Lord Lucan it would have been very wrong of hiim to state the means placed at his Lordship's disposal without also stating that those means had provedineflicient. In truth, however, he had not, at the time of answering these 'written queries, the most remote ideathat Lord Lucan's conduct as an. officer had been submitted to the judgment of the commissioners. He hadstated, therefore, in reply to a question put in this court by Colonel Tulloch,-" Mfy own examination was in 'writing, and, as I have alady stated, mine were very general ann superficial answers to general questions. I had no notion of the leaning of the commissioners and of their intention to implicate any one. If Ilhad thought there 'was the slightest blame imputed I should have gone more fully into the matter, and Ithink I should have been able to explain things perfectly, and I cannot help thinldng the commissioners themselves would have come to a different conclusion.'' Of course when he said he did Inot understand that anybody was implicated, he must be understood as speaking of the business then undergoing investigation, for obviously he did not mean that questions elaborately framed with a view to search out defects in the commissariat would not, or might not, implicate anybody in the literal sense of the word; and he readily apologized to Mr. Filder and the authorities of the Treasury for the use of a phrase which, taken too lite- rally, might seem to mean that the inculpation of the commissariat authorities was not in his eyes an inculpation of anybody. Of course the phrase was nsed with reference to the subject matter of the inquiry, and for the purpose of showing that any omission to state the circumstances favourable to Lord Lucan resulted simply from the fact that he had no suspicion that either Lord Lucan or himself were under trial before Sir John M'Neill and Colonel Tulloch. He had already observed that his statements before the Bosrd and Colonel Gordon's letter referred to different periods and to a totally different state of circumstances. Colonel Gordon's letter was dated June 4, 1855, and it was not until several weeks afterwards that his (Sir RB Airey's) answers were sent. Had anything occurred in the meantime? On the 9th of June, the day before the Constantinople report was signed, the commissioners made a preliminary report, very much to the effect of that actually laid before Parliament, but with some material differences, and the very first sentence in that preliminary report announced that the commissioners had oompleted their inquiry. General PEEL.-Where is that preliminary report to be found ? General Airey said it would be found in the archives of the Secretary for War. That preliminary report 'was sent to Lord Raglan, who put it into his (Sir Richard Airey's) hands. He was onlv showing that the answers written by him at a subsequent period to that were naturally written in a different spirit, on the supposition that the commissioners had completed their work. The preliminary report proceeded very much in the terms of the Constantinople report, without indicating any disposition on the part of the commissioners to cast blame on L.ord Lucan and himself, or, indeed, on any of the military authorities. Now it was quite the latter end of July that he answered the written queries, and having then become acquainted with the prelinissary report, which purported to be the result of a completed inquiry. and to be favourable to the military authorities, he of course looked upon the queriesina totally differertlightfromthatinwhich Colonel Tulloch regarded them some weeks previously, before the preliminary report had appeared. That preliminary report had, in truth, so to speak, appeared to extract all the poison from the written queries, and therefore Colonel (,ordon in the month of June, and he (SirRichard Airey) at the end of July, or the beginning of August, were both justified in the views which they successively took of the same queries at different periods. To Colonel Gordon, in Jnma, the aueries bore the aspect of a live she)l; to him (Sir E. Airey), in August after the preliminary report had appeared, and after the commissioners had left the Crimea, they had of counrse a perfectly imnocent appance, and he accordingly answered them in a slight and superficial way, as questions which were stripped of their practical signiiicance. It was under this impression that he had answered Colonel Tnlloch's questions before this Board. The report contained some observations upon the separation of the men from their knapsacks onlanding 'in the Crimea. This was a matter specially within the province of the Adjutant-General; but as General Esteourt 'was no more he was willing to give any informnation on the subect 'which the Board might require. The fact 'was, that when the British force was restored to its connexion vsith the se, and when the kn3apsacks might have been returned to tho troops, the Generals of Division, with the exception of the Dake of Cambridge tbought the labour of fetching the knapsacks would not have been compensated by their recovery. 'With the ecxception of a pair uif trousers-and it was very doubtffl if tlhese, in the maiority of instances, had not been worn outthe knapsacks contained only a pair of mits, a " hold-aUl," ,ab!sCdn.brFih, with a fewothrtnigarticles;andG ea. VisisoEonL mnilt be pxdoned for thinigy that thwz articles were of leHs aooount than the pre-ous timeo cl labour -hich the men must have bestowed uspon the recovery of ther knapswacs. With repard to the distribution of wasm clothbi,g t he commasoners we mistaken in describing any ssue of spplies as taking lace "from the Q artermaster.Genersays store." The butttercmmissiGeneral ad mo public, tores in his S but the oo=m iOners probAbly alluded to camp stores, U which, however, the Quarternustger-General never had the custody. The authorityof General Sir Wiloughby Gordon, for many yea QuartermasterGene of the Army, was conclusive on this point. In the Crimean Campaigns, as in other wars, the camp equip3ge, including tents, greatcoats bootsz, blankcets, as 'well as the novel articles sent out aftr wards forthusof thesodie wer reeve,store,and whack these stores wvere drawn In page 30 of their reporb the commnisioners said, " The arrangementsre lating to the issues of the ies from the Quar termaster-General's stores appe r to hare been of question. ab]e expediency," and then it wa made to appcear inferen. tidlly that this supposed wrant of easie in the wrorking of the department might have been the occasion, not of mere inconvenience and trouble, but of some of those dreadful privations to which the soldier was subject during tho'winter of 1854-5. The report showed that 'warm clothing was lying in the port of B.laklava, of which the men were piorously in want, and it was left to be inferred that offlc mis. managementor official formalitystood up as abarrierb-Aween the soldier and his supplies. Now, it was the duty of the Quartermaster's-General's department not to distribute but to apporthon the suppEes of these stores. The divisional or regimental officer made a requisition; upon the comMis£ariat it devolved to issue such stores; while, he repeated, the Qaartermaster-General's department merely determined the proportion in which they should be shared by the various reguments. Colonel Wethera llwas selected by him to take charge of this sub-department, and he authorized that officer to approve of requisitions upon his own judgment, directing that no requisition made shoulcd ever be refused 'without personal reference to him (Sir Richard Airey). With a view to meet the wants of the men, and to encourage requisitions, he caused to be hung up in his office a statement, in a tabular form, showving the various articles lying ready from time to time in the commissariat stores appropriated to camp equipage and extra clothing. Moreover, the Assistant-Quarterraster-Generals of divisions were directed to go themselves to the conunissariat stores at Balaklava, and make themselves acquainteli with what w-as available for the service of the troops and in this way it turned out, in many instances, tIha articles of which he had received no notice from the commissanat storekeeper were found in the commissariat storehouses. Besides this he Lad posted at Balallava a most efficient staff officer, Assistant-Quartermaster-General hl'Xenzie, with power to approve reqsitions on the spot, without reference to head-quarters. He was aware that at other times the facility with which issues took place would be reprehensible, but he had determined, with the hearty concurrence of Lord Raglan, that whatever sufferings the men might endure from the over-strain upon their powers and from the failure of the land transport, their hardsilips should not be increased by any il-timed formality or restrictions in the working of his department. From the answers given by divisional officers, and contained in the commissioners' report, it would be seen they made no complaint that their applications for issues of articles really in store had been refused. It appeared that only particular regiments suffered from want of blankets. Those nearer to Balaklava had no difficulty in obtaining them, and this showed that the short supply of blankets arose from the want of transport. Pew men then with the army in the Crimea knew the actual condition of things better than Afr. Romaine, the Deputy-Judge-Advocate of the Forces, and whenthesabscribersto the Crimean Army Fund zeferred to that gentleman for his advice he told them at once thattheir stores and comforts would be useless, or worse than useless, unless they came provided with the means of transport. Acting on this advice the honorary agents of the funds took most effectual measures for importing with their goods a supply of transport and human =aur, so that when Lord Ellesmere's yacht and other vessels arrived they had on board not only inert bales of goods, butthe sinews and muscles necessary for landing, transporting, and delivering them to the troop . With these means Mr. Egerton and Mr. Tower succeeded in giving to the soldiersthe imumense stores provided, and they did this- without the aid of a single fatigne party, and without drawing rations either of food or forage. From the report of those gentlemen, which he would lay before the Board, it would be seen that it was not the possession of stores, but their command of transport and labour, which enabled them to achieve so much good. In short, the attention of a man anxious to ascertain the origin of the evil might for a little timue be withdrawn to other causes, but he vould be alwaysled back-at last tothis conclusion-that the mischief w.as occasioued by a want of human labour and by a want of transport, and that exactly in proportion as those difficulties could be met the sufferings of the meit were aDteviated. As respected the supply of greatcoats, the commissioners stated, " One of the reasons assigned for not issuing the regimental -reatcoats was that the regulations of the service, as established by the Queen's warrant, did not authorize such issue more frequently than once in three years," and the commissioners proceeded to observe, rightly enough, on the folly aud emptiness of such an arrangement. Xow, h had not read one wordin the printed evidence tending in the most remote way to support the assertion of the commissioners. Every officer knew that at that time the greatcoat, or some efficient substitute for it, was as needful as bread itself to the life of the soldier; and surely no sane person could have seriously thought that an article of this pime necessity had been forwarded to the seat of war with a view to distribution upon the rule of one in three years. It was not in the Crimea, but under the ordinary state of things at home, that such a regulation existed, and it -was got rid of by Lord Raglan in the due exercise of his dispensing power. On another point, the commissioners had fallen into error in assumning that the ouantity of supplies available was commensuirate with the quantity in store at Balaklava-a mistake which arose from their having omitted to take into account a largc number of requisitions complied with. There never was tte smallest difficulty in obtaining the approval of any requisition made for coats and blankets ; the difficulty, and the sole difficulty, was in carrying them up to the front. This the commissioners very fairly stated. - The fact was that the Quartermaster-General's department was authorizing the issue of warm clothing very much faster than the men could draw it. Colonel Cobbe, of the 4th Regiment, said, aptly enough, in answering the questions of the comuilssioners on this point, " 'These requisitions were always in advance of the means of transport at my disposaL" In illustration of his he might cite a portion of Colonel Wetheralls evidence, inadvertently omitted from the report, in which he said that the 57th Regiment wanted 400 blankets, and obtained a requisition to draw them on the 2d of December; but the men were unable to fetch away any of those blanlets until the 1.-th, and it was not until the 24th that al were drawn. Again, the 1st Dragoons got full authority on the 2d of December to receive 108 blankets, but could not fetch them away before the middle of January. On the 9th of January the regiment received authoritv to draw 156 more blankets' and it was not until after they had obtained the second order that they were able to make any use of the first. The situation of the reginent was thus analogous to that of a man with two checks in his desk, but without the means of sending them to the bank. With regard to the use of the paiUlasses, want of transport would haveprevented their carrage to the front, but even had they beenuprocurable, lie appealed to any officer who had been in the Crimea, whether, in the wretched state of the ground, they would have been of any use whatever in protecting the soldier from the vwet. No man who knew anything of the subject would have taken the troubls to fetch up any number of them from Balaklava to the camp. The extraordinary sufferings of the army arose, he repeated, not from any undue observance of forms, or from obstructions of that kind, but from the want of transport and the want of men. How it came to pass thatthearnywasoverworked, andthatthemeansof transport failed, was a question which touched nothispeculiarresposibility. It was for him to resist ny inferences ufavcurable to the Quartermaster-General's department which might be drawnfrom the commissioners' report. In this he trusted he had succeeded. He understood too well the laborious and responsible duties of a quartermaster-general in the field to entertain the opinion that the execution of those duties by any human being could have been so thorouglliy perfect as to leave no room for improvement in the future by applying the experience of past campaigns. But, at allevents, he knewfull wellthe-whole weight of those duties, and he had striven to perform them, not in the spirit of an officibl person, fettering himself and fettering others by an undue adherence to forms, but rather in that of an officer high on the eeneral staff whose right and whose duty it was to crushi everytechnical diffculty which tended to increase the touts of the soldier in his hour of need. With respect tothe officers who -were under his command in the Crinmea, he welcomed this opportunity of stating emphatically that he cordialy approved of their conduct; and he doubted if any Quartermaster-General in the field was ever so zealously served by those in authority under him as he was. This being the case, he deemed himself answerable for the general administration of his depxrhnent during the period in which he had the onour of being the Quartermaster-General of the Forces in the East, and, acting on this view of his military responsibility, he requested the officoers who served unader him to abstain (except of course in their character as witnesses) froms anyfurtherjustificationof the manner in wlich the general business of the department was conducted. He had no doubt that if any of those officers should think- fit to address the Court, they would confine themselves to e lanat,ions arising out of the evidence hich they gave befTore the commnissioners, and such other matters (if any) as might not be covered by hisrespous3bilityas head of the department. Of course, how~ever, those officers woulld he willing to give their evidence as to the matters of which they had become cognizant in the performance of their respective duties. He was anxious, before saying the last words upon the subject of the Quartermaster-Generals department, and the services of that armay, to disclaim the possibility of any two persons, whether civilians or military men, going out to that country in the middle of March, and being able to give a fair opinion upon what could, or could not, be done by that army, placed in the midst of difficulties beyond human conception. It was quite impossible, with every desire to dojustice, that those persons should come to a fair conclusion on the subject. It would seem, however, that in the commiKso era' report Ethi whole administration of tie army during the w;inter of 18545 had been called in question. Field-M3arshal Lord Raglan wvas not there to answer it; General Estcourt, the ALdjutant-General of the Forces, wasS no more but the Quartermaster-General survived. He -would Nwllingly believe, if he might, that this chain of circumstances entitled his to come forward and ansWer for transactions which were beyond 'he rauge of his own department; Inut he felt that he could not do this 'without presumptian. It was very true that in his courtesy and kindness Lord Raglan wouId have generalIy con. sented to hear his views upon the affairs of the armny, wvithout ordering himn to confine himself strictly wit.hin his special groove as Quarterma3ster-General; hut thosenwho had had the honour of takingILord Rslghn's orders 'would hear him met in sayinlg that in his mastery o} all military business there wras a comnplieo s gan preciso.
LAW RWOR2~. COURT OF CHANCERY, icoNs-mNG, MAY 2. I lx 3A.N7RUPTCY.-UT THEMATTER OF PALIdER. (Bt1OrC MC LORDS JUSCES of APPEAL.1 Mlr. DxE Ux.E moved, pursuant to notice, for leave to peal to the House of LAords against the order made by their lordshipe, remitting the consideration of this matter to the learned Commissioner Mr. Balguy, -with a declaration ofthe opinion Of the Court that there was evidence whereon to found an adjudication.i Lord Justice KNIGIIT BRUCH asked whether there had i been an adjudication? but was answered in the negative. Lord Justice Tu-xx gREwas of opinion that until there had been an adjudication this Court ought not to trouble the House of Lords with an appeal, even if the present case seemed proper for appeal. Mr. DANiEL said, that application could be at once made to the commissioner for an adjudication if the order of the Court of Appeal were delivered out. Lord Justice KGIGT BB1ucE obeerved that the order could be delivered out to-day and the motion stand over until Wednesday. In the meantime, however, both sides must be diligent, as the Court would require a good account from all parties of the expenditure of the time. Mr. Archibald Smith also appeared for the respondents. The case stands over until Wednesday morning next. IX CHANCEXRY-ANDREN V. ANDREW. Their LoBDSnS, at the sitting of the Court, delivered judgment in this appeal from a decree of Vice-Chancellor Stuart. Lord Justice TuRNER, after an elaborate statement of the facts and a full discussion of the law thereoni, pronounced his opinion that the Vice-Chancellor was correct in his judgement; but Lord Justice ILNIGHT BRucE declared that he doubted, and added that, as his learned brother agreed with Sir John Stuart, it was unimportant, the Court being composed of only two members. The decree below would be affirmed. Mr. MIalins and Mr. J. H. Palmer were in support of the decree. M.r Bacon, Mr. Elmsley, 3fr. Torriano, and Mr. Elderton appeared for the appellants.
I VICE-CHANCLORS' COURTS. MAY 2. 1l; RE THE PROTESTANT LIFE AND FIRE InSURANCE COMPANY. (Before Vice-CaneeUo r &r. .. T. IiINDERSLEY.1 In this case the petition for winding up had been amended since the last occasion, when it was noticed in The Times, as having been a company which reinsured a certain class of insurances, which it proposed to effect in another office, which latter office was ultimately decided by a court of law not to be liable for such insurances; by this means the affairs of the Protestant Insurance Company had become embarrassed. Mr. GLASSE and Mr. W. W. CoorER appeared in support of the petition, and characterized this species of doing business as not unusuaL The VIcE-CHASCELLOR said, this appeared to him a very strange way of doing business, and asked if the directors had been served? Mr. GLASSE said, that the service had been on the company. Mr. GREENSIDE appeared for a shareholder, who had made inqiries, and now consented to the order asked. The VICE-CILASCELLOR ordered a reference to chambers for the usual inquiry as tothe expediency of making the order to wind up, considering that the very singular circumstances of the case rendered such a course necessary, (Before Vice-Chancellor Sir J. STuART.) PROWETT V. MORTTIMER. This was a motion on behalf of the plaintiff, who in February last became the propriter of the Britannia newspaper, which has recently been united with the John Bull newspaper, for an injun^tion to restrain the defendant, John Mortiner, from printing or publishing a weekly newspaper, recently established under the title of the True Britannia, or any other newspaper,or publication by way of continua. tion or imitation of the Britannia. The plaintiff's case was not concluded when the Court rose. MIr. Malims and Mr. Haig appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Bacon and MIr. Roche for the defendant Mortimer. (Before Flce-Chanedlor Sir W. P. WOOD.) TISE LDIMOUSE BOARD OF WORKS V. THE LONDON DOCK coMP.4ST. The arguments upon this motion were resumed. The following is a short statement of the material facts - Bythe LondonDocks Act, 1853 (thelOth andl7thVictoria. chap. 100), which authorized the 3;ondon Dock Company to make a new entrance to their docks and other works, the company were empowered by sections 3 and 4 to construct their. works according to deposited plans and as specified in the act. Section 10 empowered the company to stop up, use, and enclose, from tune to time, all or any such streets, roads, &c., delineated on the plans, or such parts of the same streets, &c., as should be situate ad lie within the limits of or adjoin or abut on both sides thereof, to or upon lands which should from time to time have been taken by and be in the actual possession of the company, under the authority of the act; the ground and soil of such streets, or sucl parts thereof respectively, as should be so stopped up oc*, being thereby vested up the company for the purposes of this net. Section 11 provided that the portion by this Iact authorized to be stopped up of the road or way called Fox's-lane should not be permanently stopped up until the company should have constructed and finished fit for use and thrown open for the public a new street or road, to commence from the north end of Fox's-lane-bridge and terminate in Fox's-lane, and should have widened and improved that portion of Griffin-street which was to form part of such new street; and should also have constructed, finished, and thrown open in like manner another new road or street, diverging out of the said intended new street and terminatig in Low-er Shadwell-street at or near to Orchardalley. By section 12 it was enacted that the company, for the purpose of and during the construction of the works, might at any time temporarily stop up New Gravel-lane, Griffin-street, and Fox's-lane, and also any other streets, &c., delineated on the said plans or any part thereof within the limits of deviation. which it might he necessary to stop up for the purpose of executing the works by this act authorized. The defendants had on the 4th of April last -iven notice to the Board of Works for the Limehouse distict of their intention to stop up a portion of Leadingstreet. and also temporarily to stop up a portion of Foxs-lane, and to break open the pavement and soil of such parts of these streets, and to commence the work which would occasion such breaking up upon a specified day. The notice also stated that the work -would be completed within 15 calendar months, and that the company intended to open a suitable temporary road for the use of the public during the time that the said portion of Fox's-lane was so temporarily stopped up. l'he Board of Works thereupon wrote to the defendants repeating their determination previously expressed of not permitting the course proposed by the defendants, and requiring them to execute their works in the manner prescribed by their act, without deviating from or exceeding their powers The defendants had, notwithstanding this reply to their notice, proceeded on the 9th of April, to stop up portions of L,eading-street and Fox's-lane, and were excavating their nlew dock upon the very site of this portion of Fox's-lane. T'he temporary new street opened by the defendants for the public was, for the greater portion, on ground purchased by them and not wiithin the limits of deviation fixed by their act. The evidence on behalf of the plaintifls stated that, from its steepness, arrowness, and sharp angular turnings, the inhabitants of LFower Shadwell and the public would lie unable to use the temporary road or street provided by the defendants for the heavy traffic with which the district abounds. This evidence bad been met by counterevidence on behalf of the defendants, to the, effect that any difference between the new and the old road as to convenience was almost inappreciable in a practical p,oint of viewc. The defendants also stated that the plaintiffs had placed posts in the temnporary road, and thus prevented the public from making any use of it. The plambtiffs had f ed their bill, and now moved for an injunction to restrain the defendants from continuing their works and stopping up Fox's-lane, &c. (in the terms stated in our report of yesterday). MEr. XOLT and Mr. G. M1. GIF}rAnn, for the ulaintiffs, contended that the defendants were "permanently" stopping up Fox's-lane, and that before they had constructed the new street. required by section 11 of the London Dock A ct, 18Q53, and that they ought to be restrained by injunction from thus contravening their act. Mr. Catss and Mr. Gor.usssr, for the defendants, the London Dock Company, contended that they were not bound to supply a new road until their works were comnpleted. The question was in effect between the words " 'permanent," and "temporary ;" nor could it be contended that a stoppage for 15 months only was a permanent stoppage within the meaning of the act, as "'permanently " could only be applied to a final and irrevocable stoppage. To prevent inconvenience to the publie, the defendants had bought land and constructed a temporary road connectmg Gri-street with B ox's-lane almost as good as the Parliamentary road, hut the plaintiffs, who had brought on this motion most wantonly and obstructively, bad prevented the public from using it by putting posts across it. They asked that the motion might bedismissed with costs The VICE-CsEA?rcxLLrxo after intimating that he was with the plaintiffs asto the construction of the act, suggested that some arrnmgement might be made as to the plaintiffib accepting the temporary road provided by the defendants, and having it made permanent. With a view to effecting this arrangement the motion was directed to stand over until Thursday next.
COURT OF OUEENS BENCH. FRIDAY. M&Y 2. LISTER V. LEATHER. (Sitings in Banco at WImtminster, beforeLord.JusticcCM- -BELL, and JU.;tics WIGHn1Aw, ER1Lx, and CRONTTON.) : In this case cross rules had been granted to enter a nonsuit,;and also for a new trial on the ground that the verdict given for the defendant was ag?.inst the evidence. T'he action was for the infringement of two patents, granted to the rlaintiff in I215 and 1852, for certain improvements in woombing machinery. The rulez in question were argued at considerable length yesterday' and this day by Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. M. -mit , C2.C., and 3Ir. Webster, for the piaistl,; and by thn Attorney-General, Mr. Grove, Q.C., and Mr. Hindmardh for the defendant. Lord CA3F.n=L, at the close of the argument said, the Court was df opinion that the rule for a new trial should be maade absolute on~ the payment of costs. 3!OSS AND ANOTfl V. THOD.NELZY A-ND ANOTIMRR This was a special case for the opinion of the Court, which raised the question, whether an action of ddenue could be sustained at the suit of the plaintiffs against the defendautst under the following circumstances. St. James', Didsbury, was an aucient chapelry in the parish of Manchester;* but, under the powers of an act, the 13th and 14th of Victoria, chap. 41, an order in Council was made in the ,,ear 1854, whereby the ancient chpelry was divided )nto three parishes. One of the parishes so constituted retained the ancient name of the chapelry, and was called St. James's, Didsbury. The defendants in th6 year 1854 were the churchwardens of the ancient ebapeiry, and as such churchwardens they had the custody of certain booohs which had been purchased by the parishioners; These boooks included the Offertory Book, Pew Bent Bool;, Singers Book, and Sunday-school Book, which had been used at the church of St. James's, Didsbury. The plaintiffs were the churchwrardens of the district parish of st. Jamues's, Didsbunr, and they sued the churchwardens of the old chape'ry to recover possession of these books. The question was whether, under the circumstances, the action ould be maintained the case for the isintfsand. Mr J. A. Russell arguecd the case por the laintifl% and Mr. Grant (with whom was llr. Hopwoodj for the defendant. Lord CAMPBELL said, he was of opinion that the judment of the Court must be for the plaintiffs. There could be no doubt of the general doctrine that books of the kind in question belonged to the churchwardens, and that they could maintain an action against those who detained them. The chapeiry of St. James's district, though now called a parish, $ad the same identity as before it was divided;; it had churchwardens then as it had now. It was said the defendants had a ien on the books for something that was due to them as churchwardens. That was a new doctrine, and no authority had been cited in its support. The plaintiffs were entitled to the exclusive possessmon of the books, and the parish must suffer considerable inconvenience for the want of them. He (Lord Campbell wsas sorry if the defendants should suffer any loss, but the Court had no power to help them, and judgment must be given for the laintiffs. TLe other JuDGES were of the same opinion. Judgment for the plaintiffs. BATT COURT. (Sittings at Nis! Prius, bcfore Mr. Tustice COLERIDGE andC Common Juries.) The Court sat at 10 o'clock, but the only cause entered having been withdrawn his Lordship immediately adjourned.
COURT OF COMMOT PLEAS. WESTmNsnE, MhAY 2. ELLIS V. fl}ISETT AN) AXOTMR. Ti uttWngs in Banco, £aster Termn) This COUne sat to da,y in Error in the Exchequer Chamnber. (Sittings atNi Prius, at Guildhal, before Mr. J2,31jc WILLmAuS and a CommonJurv.) Xe triMal of ths cause, which was noticed in our report of yesterday's proceedings in this court, was resumed this morning. It appeared that some time ago the plaintiff, who is a surveyor, advised the defendants, who are contractors, to send in a tender for some works which were about to be constructed at Fort Monckton, near Gosport. The Messrs. Bennett having at that time a "plant" at Ryde, which had been used on another contract, thought that they could undertake the Fort Monckton business advantageously to tbemselves, and with the assistanceof the plaintift made out and sent in their? tender, which wns accepted, and for hisservices in the matter he, the plaintiff, now sought remuneration. The defendants paid 25?. into court. In the course of the hearing of -ithe case, which occupied the whole of the day, no point of interest arose. Mr. Digby Seymour appeared for the plaintiff (with him was Mr. iluddleston) ; and Mr. Serjeant Pigott and Mr. Stephens for the defendants.
_ COURT OF EXCHEQU=R. FRIDAY, MAY 2. - GREVILLE V. THE DUSTON IRON ORE CON2AINY. {jibU72gs at 2i- e1ri, beforc Mr. Baron MARTnz ancd Common Juries.) f. je appyrsxuu ior nCe pPaJlM11, ana mr. Kobmson for the defendants. The action was brought to recover a sum of 231. 2s. 6dL, money paid by the plaintiff for the defendants' use, The defendant pleaded never indebted. It appeared that the defendants had passed a resolution authorizing a Mr. Lucas, who was their manaing director, to get some iron ore, which they had found inNorthamntonehire, analyzed. He hadput it into the bands ofthe plaintiff, who had sent it over to Paris, and had procured an analysis and report upon the ore, for which he had paid the sum now claimed. As the company had refused to pay hin he had now brought this action. The defence was that the analysis had arrived so long after the order kad been given that it had been perfectly useless to the company. Mr. Baron MhiMTI said, if the jury thought the plaintiff had paid the money out of pocket no doubt he was entitled to it. The jury immediately found a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed.
EXCHEQUER CHAEMER. I --_- }UD AND ANOTHER V. HOSKLNS. ~ltzingsrn £Pror.-ercsent the LBRD CHEF JUSTICE of the Court of Common PleasT, the CmE BAtRoNz of the Court of Exzchequer, Af2. Baron ALDEPusO. Mr. Justice CRESSWELL, Mr. Justice CROWDER, Mr. J1ustice WILLxI, and.r2: BaQron BRA&swELL.) xnss was an action on a charterparty, and came before their Lordships on a writ of error from the judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench. It appeared that by the charterparty the plaintiff? ship the Themis was to proceed to aonstantinople and thence to Odessa to receive on board a cargo from the defendant, wvho undertook to load her, 45 running days beinlg allowed for loadinlg. The declaration stated generally that the plaintiffs had done all in their power to entitle them to a cargo at Odessa, notwithstanding which the defendant had made default in loading the ship. The plea was tnat after the ship arrived at Odessa, and before the alleged breach of contract, war was declared with Russia, and that the contract was thereby dissolved. The charterpartywas dated the 17th of November, 1853, and the ship arrived off Odessa on the 26th of February, 1854, but was not in readiness to load til the 9th of March. The master, however, proceeded on shore on the 4th of March, and on the 5th and 6th had interviews with the agent of the defendant, from whom he was to obtain a cargo. The agent, in consequence of a ukase which had been published on the 3d of March, forbidding the exportation of wheat from the port of Odessa, was unable to load the ship. Notwithstanding this, the master of the Themis persisted in performing the contract, and accordingly gave notice on the 10th of Mlarch that he was prepared to receive on board the cargo. From that time the " running days" commenced. On the 6th of April it was officially announced at Odessa that war had been declared, and on the 22d that port was bombarded, and the ship was with difficulty released from her perilous position, which she left in ballast. At the trial, which took place before Lord Campbell, at Guildball, at the sittings after Trinity term, 1855, it was proved that the ship could not have been loaded after the declaration of war, and the question raised was whether there had been a previous breach by refusing to load. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiffs, but leave was reserved to move to enter the verdict for the defendant. Accordingly, the case came on for argument before their lordships in the conrt below, who gave it as tleir opinion that there was not sufficient evidence of a breach of contract before the declaration of war, and, therefore, the defendant was entitled to have the verdict entered in his favour. Mr. MAxnsy now contended, on behalf of the plaintiffs, that there was sufficient evidence to go to the jury of a breach of contract hafore the declaration of war-that the verdict of the jury was right, and that the judgment of the Court below was wrong. The ship had arrived at Odessa some time before the declaration of war, but the defendant's agent was not prepared to ship a cargo until the time came when it was rendered illegal to transport wheat from that port. This constituted a breach of contract. If, before the time had arrived for the performance of a contract, one party gave notice to another that he would not perform it, that notice was to be treated as a breach of contract, and an action would lie as if the contract was at an end. The defendant's agent at Odessa had dispensed with the perfornance of the charterparty, consequently the master of the vessel was not bound to remain at that nort for the 45 running days, and the refusal to load until after the declaration of war rendered it impossible to perform the contract. The question was whether the defendant had broken the contract before the 6th of April, 1854, the day on which the declaration of war was officially announced at Odessa. ir. Wilde appeared for the defendant, and in support of the judgment of the Court below, but Their Loawsmrps said that they would not call on him until the argunents in all cases of this description were exhausted. This case would therefore stand over until the Court had the opportunity of hearing the arguments in the case of " Avery v. Bowden." 'WOOD V. BELL AND OTIERS This was a writ of error from the judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench, on a special case which had been stated for the opinion of that Court. The plaintiff was a merchant, and the defendants were the assignees of Mr. William Jovce, the well-known shipbulder at Greenwich, who, on the 11th December, 1854, was adjudged a bankrupt. It appeared that, in September, 1853, the plaintiff and the bankrupt Joyce entered into an agreement by which the latter agreed to build a screw steamer-the Gibraltar-for the plaintiff for 16,0001., which sum was to be paid by instalments. During the perfonnance of the contract the money was paid, and the vessel was ultimately completed and registered in the name of Western Wood, the plaintiff. In the meantine a further arrangement wvas entered into between the partie-, that the banrlupt should build another vessel for a like amount, which was called the Britannia, andwhich was also to be paid for by instalments. Immediately after this last contractwas made the plaintiff advanced 7,000l to thebankrapt, which was to be deducted from the purchace-money o' the two ships. On the 27thNovember, 1854, an accountof ali themoneys whichJoyce hadreceivedwasrendered, anditwa-s ascertained that he had received a sum exceeding the amoun' which was to have been paid for botlh the vessels. On the banlruptcy taking place the defendants, as assignees of the bankrupt Joyce, claimed the ship Britannia, together with the chattels which were intended for her completion. The Court below gave it as their opinion that the plaintiff was entitled to theirjudgment. 'The question for the opinicn of theirLordships was whether,under these circumstances, the plaintiff could maintain an action; whether the vessel belonged to the plaintiff or defendants; and whether special damage was recoverable? Mr. Serjeant SHERS urged, on behalf of the assignees, that the property in question could not be said to be the property of the plaintiff, as it had not been delivered. This case was to be goverued by the general rule, rwhich established that a contract for a ship did not pass the general property ahd chatteLs to the rendee, unless there was a special agreement to that effect. HIe submitted that tbis case fell within the general rule, and not within the exception. The learned serjeant was proceeding to refer to the question of special damages, when, Lord Chief Jusice JBmvIs intimated that that question need not be argued till the other side had been heard Mr. BOVILL, on the other hand. contended that the ship and chattels found on Joyce's premises were the property of the plaintiff, as he had paid for them. After considerable discussion between the Bench and the learned counsel, The COURT said, they were of opinion that the judgment of the Court below should be reversed, and the case sent back to the arbitrator. They agreed with the Court below that the ship had passed, and was the property of the plainti; but they were of opinion that the articles m course of manufacture did not pass. However, circumistancesniight showthatthe plaintifl;whohad purchasedthe articles in question at cost price, and from time totime,was entitledto them. The whole question turned upon what was the contract. The contract, no doubt, was for the purchase of the ship, I ut it might not have been for the purchase of the chattels, whicb, it was.1 said on behalf of the plaintiff were neces.sary for buildin the ship, and had passed to the plaintiff. The fact of the chattels having been purchased as fitting foi the ship did not necessarily make them pass to the plaintiff. The case must, therefore, be referred back to the arbitrator,f and further argued on the point as to the assessment of damages. Jungment accordingly.
ADMTIALTY COURT. FPRDIY. MAY 2. THE U.=IT.-COLLISION. {Before Dr. Lus'GToN-.) *uc F epwue, a sneamvesael ot tne burden ot 173 tons, with two engines of 50-horse power each, and the Unity, a sloop of the burden of 56 tons, came unto collision with each ether at 5.15 p.m. on the 10th of November last in the river. Tyne, between the lights of North Shields and the Bar. The steamer was proceeding from Newcastle to -ull with passengers and a general cargo; the sloop, laden with iron, was hound from London for .Sewcastle. The steamer represented the nght as dark and hazy, but fine, and alleged-that she was proceeding nt half-speed; that when opposite the warping ouoy, as near to the south side as was safe for her sheebservedtwo steamtugs, one of which passed on her starboard, and the other on her port how. When the former was distant about a ship's length the Unity was seen a little on- her port how. The Neptune ported her helm to pass between them, and then discovered that the tug had the vessel in tw. The tug instead of slacking her speed, so as to allow theNeptune to pass clear of the tow rope, continued her course, and the Unity not having altered her helm, and being hwed across the hawse of the Neptune, came into her larhoard flange, thereby doing her considerable damae. She also charged the Unity with violating the Ad tyreuaons hy not carrying a light. The sloop averred that the weather was fine, and the night was not so dark but that vessels could be seen at the distance of a quarter of a mile. She denied that the Neptune was as near to the south side as she could safely be conducted, and alleged that she was proceeding con. siderably faster than half-speed; that when she neared the steam tug with the sloop in tow she suddenly put and kept her heln to port, and, without stopping or easing her engines, threw herself athwart the tow-rope, whereby she rendered the collision inevitable. The sloop portedherhelm to lessen the force of the blow, but the stearner cut her down to the water's edge. Cross actions were entered by the respective parties. Dr. 1wiss and Dr. Spinks were heard for the Neptune; Dr. Addams and Dr. Robertson for the Unity. The learned JUDGE, after conferring with the Elder Brethren, by whom he was assisted, said, that they were of opmin that the Neptune was to blame for not porting her helm as soon as she saw the tuo on her starboard side. They were also of opinion that the Unity was to blame for not hoisting a light in due time, and that it was contributory to the collision. The result was that neither party could recover. THE SABRIflA-COLLISIOl . This was an action brought by the steamshipErin's Queen, of the burden of 201 tons, against the Sabrina, another steamer, of the burden of 314 tons, to recover the loss' arising from a collision between them in the Bristol Channel about 10 a.m. on the 6th of January. 1855. The Erin's Queen was bound from Belfast for Bristol, the Sabrina from Bristol tor Cork. The Erin's Queen, on descrying the Sabrina distant a mile, ported her helm and sounded her cignal whistle. The Sabrina, however, continued her course and approached rapidly, seeing which the Erin's Queen put her elm hard to port, and again sounded her whistle; whereupon the Sabrina starboarded her helm, ran stem on into the Erin's Queen, and cut her nearly in two. The Sabrina, in her defence, alleged that when she discovered the Erin's Queen that vessel was fally three points on her starboard bow and about two shipe length off. It was supposed that she would pass on her starboard side, and not being able, from a fog which prevailed, to see which way she was heading, the Sabrina starboarded her helmn; but, on discovering that the Emu's Queen was crossing towards her, the engines were stopped and reversed, but the Erin's Queen ran athwart her hows and thus caused the collision. Dr. Addams and Dr. SpinLks appeared for the Erm's Queen; the Queen's Advocate and Dr. Twiss for the Sabrina. The learned JuDGE, without hearing counsel for the Erin's Queen, said, the Elder Brethren were of opinion that the Sabrina was solely to blame. Decree accordingly.
COURT OF BAKBEUPTCY, Ba*in9&iWa!rec M3ar 2. LN RE BRADBEE AND SON. (Before Mr. Conmisswonzr EvA.s.) .ue uaaarupss were srssigemasers, or JNewgate-street. They came up to1pass their examination on accounts prepared by Messrs. Harding and Bullem, showing debts and liabilities to the amount of 16,0001., and assets 6001. They passed. LN RE WINVLE AND lING. These bankrupts, card-makers, of Longacre, were awarded certificates of the second class. IN' RE JAMES TURNER. The bankrupt was a confectioner, of 67, Bishopsgatestreet. He is also described as of Tottenham, and of NBo. 1 and 14, South-eastern Arcade, London-bridge. He now passed his examination on accounts showing debts, 2,1151.; assets, 4001. (Before Mr. Commissioner FANE.) IN RE ADAMS MU)D MEDLEY. The bankrupts were underwriters and insurance brokers. This vas a dividend meeting. 3Mr. ImLmATER, for the assignees, said, a dividend of 2s. would now be declared, in addition to 4s. already paid. A further dividend of Is. Gd. in the pound might be expected. The official assignee having stated that nearly 20,000!. had been divided, The COURT confirmed the dividend of 2s., as asked for.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COUBT, Mfay 2. THE IMIATTE1 OF THOMIAS ALVEY. I (Before Mr. C nmmikqoner MuJP}ny.) This insolvent, who was a builder, in Howland-street, Tottenham-court-road, appeared for judgment. He was opposedby MIr. E. J. Onions, an artist, on the ground of a breach of trust. Ee had intrusted the insolvent with some pictures tokeep for him, and he converted them to his own use. He sued the insolvent for their value, and recovered a verdict for 6721., which with the costs amounted to 72SL, and the insolvent was in custody for the amount. The insolvent alleged that he had sold them ton person named Culley, and to-day Mr. Onions stated that he had heard he had been transported. MIr. Commissioner buI2wn, in giving judgment, observed that, en the last occasion when the case was before him, he had expressed his opinion very strongly with regard to the complaint of Mr. Onions. He then stated his belief that the insolvent had at first meant to act kindly towards MIr. Onions, but when he got the propertyinto his possession his cupidity had been excited, acted upon, very probably, by a member of his family- and he had converted the pro- )erty which was intrusted to him to his own use. He was bound to take the property depsited to be of considerable value. It was proved before -wi that one picture was of the value of 200!. He was bound to defer to the opinion of fhe jury, showing that the property amounted to G00L and upwards. It was quite evident that M1r. Onions, who was a gentleman of professional character, had bestowed his talent and judgment on the picture. It seemed that Mr. Onions had, wittingly or unwittingly, got into some trouble with persons who occupied Iiis house, and the insolvent came forward to warehouse his property. There had been some controversy between the msolvent and Mfr. Onions about his studio, and, to use his own words, when this circumstance occurred, he promised to treat him as a brother. The insolvent got possession of his property, and then set up a claim to some 161. orl7t. for rent. Even on that ground it would have been clear that the seizure would have been excessive, as one picture was worth 2001. The insolvent had thought proper to deal with the property as his own. As to the statement that the pictures had been sold to Culley, it did appear to him to be merely colourable and tobear the trace of fraud on the face of it. Instead of coming before this Court for the mode of making away with the property, he had acted almost witlh a felonious, intent, and 3night have been called upon to answer for it in a criniinal court. He should deal with the case with a good deal of exemplaryseverity. The insolvent was arrested on the 18th of January, and the vesting order was the 31st of the same month. . He thought he should not be doing his duty if he did not give a judgment of 12 calendar mo,nths for being nilty oia gross act of impropriety against MWr. Onions. The judgment was 12 mouths from the vesting order,for contracting the debt fraudulently with Mr. Onions by means of a breach of trust.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, MAY 2. (BcforeJ r. PASHLEY,Q.C., AssiantJudge, atWes4minster.) Jane Hamilton, 31, was indicted for having stolen two bank-notes, valued at 201. each, andtwo of the value of 101. each, the property of WIlliam MOlitt, her master. She pleaded " Guilty." Thb AssIsTAXT-rUDGE, having perused the depositions, said, this was a verv aggravated case of robbery by a servant ipon her master. 1t appeared that the prisoner bad been in the service of Mr. Hazlitt for some months, and during the absence of her master and mistress sbe got possession of the keys of the latter, with which she opened a cashbox in her master's room and took out 60G. in bank-notes. Having done this she ran away from the house, and immediately set to workto turn the money into finery and all sorts of personal t edizenment-new dresses, veils, parasols, rings, ribands, a watch and chain, au nevw, and-no doubt purceased with the prosecutor's money, being found in her possession when she was apprehended by the police. She was found in a brothel in St. beorge's-in-the-East some days after the robbery, and she had also added forgery to her offence, for she went to a person to whom Mrs. Rgzlitt wsl known, and there got change -for one of the notes, stAting that Ms Hazlitt had sent her to procure cbange, and that Mrs. Hazlitt had signed her name on the note, when, in fact, she bad written the signature herself. The sentence was, that Ehe be keptto hard labour for one year. 'Margaret May, 23, was indicted for stealing 31 yards of silk, the property of leonard Bird. There was a count for receiving. The prosecutor was a draper, at 13, High-street, Portland. town; and in the night of the 18th ult. the premises were. bioken into, and a quantity of silk stolen. The neat day the prisoner was found diposing of aportion of the plunder, for her possession of which she could give no reasonable account, and she was therefore charged as a principal. The iurg found her Gzvty of receivng. The polic said she was a prostitute, and an associate of the worst thieves in Lisson-grove. The ASSisrArT-JuDOE sentenced her to hard labour for one year. SECOND COURT. (Before Mr. CsiAsY.) Joseph BEde, 28,.Willamn Taylor, 16, a Thomas Winglield9, 2were indicted for stealing a bushel and a- half of mixed beans, &c., the property of Jason Willshen, and Emmanuel Preston was indicted for having feloniously received the same, knowing it to have been stolen. Mr. Platt prosecuted; Mfr. Talfourd Salter defended the three prisoners chaged'with the theft; and Mfr. Ribton ap. peared for the receiver. The prosecutor was a farmer at Hayes, and the three firstnaimed prisoners were labourers in his service. The ease against them was, that they sold the corn which they took out for the use of their horses on the road. The prisoner Preston, vho was ostler at the King's Arms publichouse at Acton.bottom, waa the person who bought it. Two polceconstables were unobserved witnesses of the transaction, and they took Preston into custody with the bag of corn i his bands. 'The jury found them all G(ufiy. Mfr. CRnASY sentenced Preston to 10, Wingfield to Beven, angle to six, and Taylor to four months' hard labour. -James Horrigan, 30, and Richard Shoesmith, 23, were indicted for feloniouslybreaking and entering the dwellinghouse of Thomas Parker, and stealing therein a pincushion, Jlr. Poland prosecuted; Mr. Bibton appeared for the prisoners. The prosecutor's house is in Surrey-street, Strand, and it would seem that the prisoners had got on to the roof by going upa chimney. They were seen, and on an alarm heing giveit Inspector Mckenzie, of the.F division, who happened to be passing, and Holmes, 50 F, who heard the cry of thieves, went to the roof, and, after a search, they found the prisoners in a gutter with housebreaking imulenents and a life-preserer in their possession. They had attempted to get into several houses, and from an attic in the prosecutor's they took a pincushion which was found in the place of their concealment. It was seen safe a short time before. 'They were found G~uitty. It was then proved that Shoesmith was a ticket-of-leave man, and Sergeant Loom stated four convictions against HIorrigan. Shoesnith said he had tried toget an honest living for eight months after his liberation from Portland, but ticket-of-leave men were so hunted down by the Police that they could not do so. It was sheer staration that drove him into this crime. Mr. CRSAsy sentenced Shoesmith to eight, and Horrigan to six years' penal servitude.
POLICE. GuiLDHATL.-John Ballard, who was charged at this court in December last 'with throwing a couple of oranges at 'Commissioner Evans while acting in his official capacity in the Court of Bankruptcy, was again placed at the bar upon the charge of sending a threatening letter to the commissioner. Sir H. MUGGEIcIDGE said the prisoner had been guilty of a gross outrage upon a gentleman holding a high official position, and he felt it his duty to return the prisoner's forfeited recognizances to the clerk of the peace, and re'quire the prisoner to produce two sureties in 1001. each to S keep the peace for 12 months. ITe prasoner said that was a sentence equal to 12 months' imprisonment, for he could not procure such heavy baiL It was equal to sentences awarded to some of the greatest criminals, and he entreated the Alderman to reconsider his decision, and not consign him to a prison to herd 'with criminals, having committed no crime. The prisoner was then removed. Sir R. W. Carden attended at the justice-room yesterday and expressed his astonishment at the extraordinary statement made in the House of Commons a night or two ago with regard to those pests to society termed " leaving shops" by some, and by others "dolly shops." He said he had only a few minutes previously had his attention drawn to the Parliamentary report of the evening in question, in which he observed that Mr. Wilson, in answer to a question from Mr. Brady with regard to these infamous places, unhesitatingly stated that no communication on the subject had been made by him (Sir R. W. Carden) to the Solicitor of Inland Revenue, and that, in fact, the Government had received no information upon the matter. So far, however, from that heing the case, he (Sir R. W. Carden) gave express directions to Mr. Martin, the chief clerk, to send the book p~roduced by Perkins, end in 'which there appeared 3,096 entrnes of goods takeninpledge, together with all other information relative tothe case, to the Solicitor of InlandRevenue, and to craw his atention to the dangerous tendencies of such places as " leaving shops." Considering the extreme difficulty in tracing stolenproperty at alltimes, he conceived the matter of sufficient importance for the Government to take it up, iin orderthatthesereceptaclesmightbesuppressed, and he was surprised the Solicitor of Inland Revenue had not informed the Government of the communication, he had received. Mfr. Martin said that, on receiving the worthy alderman's instructions on Wednesday, the 23d of April last, he directed an experienced detective officer, named Packrijan, to makeTalthe necessary inoniries about the man Perkins and the persons with whom he dealt, and he afterwards sent that oflfcerwiththebookwhich was impounded,acopy of the evidence,.and aletterexplainingSir.W.Carden's desire to the office of the Registrar of Pawnbrokers' certificates, and on applying there he was referred to Mr. Timms, the solicitor at the head of theInland RevenueDepartment, and he was there informed that a gentleman from the department should attend before the magistrate. A gentleman did attend, according to appointment, and they referred to the acts of Parliament, to the book produced by Perldns, as well as the evidence and the information obtained by Packman. They argued the propriety of instituting a prosecution against Perkins to recover the penalties which it appeared he had incurred. The gentleman said he had examined the evidence, but he did nrot think it sufficient to establish a case for prosecution. He also said it was in contemplation to insert a clause in some revenue act to empower the magistrates to deal summarily with such cases; but until that were done the attention of the officers emploved to watch these places should be particularly directed to Perkins's establishment. Sir R. W. Carden said, it would be impossible to get a clearer case than that established by the book produced by Perkins, and he was perfectly astonished at the boldness of Mr. Wilson's statement, after the great trouble that had been taken to bring the matter under the notice of the proper authorities. MAsiLnoRoRUGH-sTRxET.-Maurice Concdon 'aas charged with stabbing with a knife his wife, Johanna Condon. In defence, the prisoner said, so far from treating his wife badly, he was himself treated badly by his wife. He had nothing to say about using the knife, as he had been drinking. Committed for trial. WORSmrP-STREET.-Mr. George Fullwood, a corn-factor in Wharf-road, City-road, and miller at Chelsea, appeared in quittance of his recognizances to answer a charge of wilfull greceiving several loads of broken granite stones, the property of the gunadians of the parish of St. Luke, he well knowing them to have been stolen. Mr. RAxM1ILL decidedly thought it the duty of the parish .to protect their property, but the case had not been nmade out, and ho should therefore discharge the defendant, who left the court wvithout the slightest stain upon his character. Mr. Parry, for the defence, was glad to hear this, but he thought the conduct of the prosecutors very scandalous, vwhether it arose from wilfulness, ignorance, or carelessness, as his client, who was a gentleman always to be found at his premises, had been takeninto cestody at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and locked up all night on a charge for which bail could not be taken; and the parish authorities might depend upon the m3atter not resting where it did now. WEsTmINSTER.-James Jones, ali.s John Wlhite, alias Abbott, and' Georgo Edmonson were charged with an attempt to commit a barglary. The prisoners, who are both ticket-of-leave men, were charged at this court with breakiDg into a house at CheLsea abouttwo months ago, and were committed for trial, but ow%ing to some defect in the evidence were acquitted at the Old Bailey. Since then other daring burglaries have been committed, of which they are suspected. They owed their apprehension on the present occasion to Mrs. Gilsby, a respectable married woman, who haupened to be taken to Pelham-crescent by mistake in an ominibus at half-past 11 on the previous night. She observed the prisoners lurking about, and was so struck by their forbidding and suspicious appearance that she determined to watch them, and having concealed herself in a doorway saw them get over a wal into a garden, when she quietly left :her hiding place and told a policeman who wspassing. John Basham, SO B, said that on receivmng information from Mrs. Gilsby, he immediately got the assistance of his sergeant, and, scaling some walls, found the prisoners in the yard of Mr. NYoble, a wine-merchant, in Onslow-place. 3Edmonson was arniust a back window, trying to lift it up, and the other prisoner was kneelin down at the yard-door. As soon as they saw witness they endeavouredto escape, but were pursued and captured. A "jermy," lacifer-matches, and other house-brealkng implements were found in the yard next to M1r. Noble's. Sergeant Wright, S B, proved that the " jemmy" precisely corresponded with the marks made in a bureau at iMr Watts's, the AdmiralKeppel tavern, Brompton, which was broken into and robbed of property to a considerable amount only a night or two rTeviously. The prisoners were remanded for a week. CLL3RKExwvELL.-The sitting magistrate requested our reporter to acL-nowledge the receipt of 11. in postage stamps from "W.J. F. T., St. James's-square," for Chapman, the police-constable, vho was disabled some time back by a ticket-of-leave man named Rogan. Sounrm .-A gentlemanly-looking young man, having the appearance of a clergyman, who gave the name of Wfilliam Hobson Aubert, and stated that he resided with his mother at S2, York-teivace, Regent's Park, and was of independent yroperty, ws brought before Mr. COMBE, charged with indecently assaulting Sarah Wainwright, six years of age, and Elizabeth Wainwright, three years old, and representing himself to be a medical geatleman connected with the British Orphan Asylum. The prisoner said that as his worship hacl decided on remanding him, he hoped he would accept baiL lUr. COMBE was llir:g to ept bail provided it was good and substantiaL He must find two Eureties in 2501 each and enter into his own reoognizance inithe sum of 500l. for his appeanoe. The prisoner, who was not prepared with the required bail, was then locked up by the gaoler. LAarF.TIL-Mr. Mtullett, a baker, carying on business at No, 7, ClaTepoe-place, Clapham-road, Briton, attended before Mr. NorEON in reference to a report which appeared in 2Ue irn of that day-week, of a caue in -which be was the complainant, againstayoungwom- named Sop;hi Beckett, for deserting her illegitimate child, and leaving it on his counter. Our reworter, addressing the mnagistrate, saia that r. Mullett had addressed a letter to the editor of Thc ncac, complaining of the inaccuracy of the report in question, and stating that he had suffered severelyin his busness through its insertion, and he (the reporter) therefore wished to take his worship's opinion of its aSCcuacy. Mr. XouTow, After carefully reading over the report, ob. served that it was a faithful representation of what occurred, and asked Mr. Mullett what part of it he comi plained of s Mr. Iltdiett replied that, if the statements in the report wrere mnade, he had not heard them, for if he had he shuld have contradticted them as false. The report, he said, hat! done himn serious injury, for songs on it were written Kan sang about his neighbourhood. MBr. SNr o.ro? o'oserved that there was not a single expres.. sion in the report that wvas not ade in his preeence, and therefore the report itself was correct. Bin worship's opinon was confirnedby Mr. Onunn,the clerk, wFho took the notes of the examination, and who added that he never read a more correct report of a case i,h all his life. Notwithstanding this Mr. MuLhlet went onto sainy that the report was not correct, upon which Mfr. NorTON remarked,-As I can say i, this is a perfectly trne report; huLt perhaps the reportier will state ts you deny the truth of the assertions of the perions who appeared againt ryou. oete the matter dropped.
SHIP NEWS. CAUJTION TO lbIARINIEPS. The Swift lishing smack, reports thewreckofalarge brigsk oentDedgect trato teselc bearing about W. by N., two miles from the. Dudgeon, Pdth the caps of the lower miastbeadis just a-wash ; foretop. mat gone, bowsprit ttoating alongside. LI'VERP001, MX 2. A smaLl steamer is on shore in the Victoria. ChsaneL Off the Port-The City of Boston, and the DublinLams Arsived-The Eugenie. from Bahia-the Sol, from Havannab. Sailed-Thc Gannet, for liotterdalm-the Kingston, for Portland -the Dijoenes. for Pemnau-tbe A. Z., for New York-the Snake, forGibalar-heTemiconata. forBareelona-the Margaret andl Jane, . for Syra-tle Mary Stewart, forlNewfoundland-the Lampedo, for St. John's Neb Brunswic' -the Harriete, for Cronstadt-the Ilkrhampore,. for Calcutta-the Jane, for Cuxhaven-the Jane Leech, for Calcuttathe Walter Scott, for New York-the Does for NSaples-the St.. Crispin, for Constantinople-the Redwood, for Calcutta-tmeJennoe Henri, for Bordeauw-the Volcano, for Balakiava. LoNDosf, Ifay 2.-Wnnd at noon, N.: moderate breeze and cloudy. BRisroI. May2.-Wind. NE.: light. Sailed, the Peosperoon, for Niguers-the Lord Elgin. for Cardiff-the Mars, for Baverfordwest-. the Primceof Wales, for Swansea and Ilfracombe-the Neath Abbey, for lNeath. FAI,a!o; rm,hMay l-Wvind. N..E. Arrived off the Porf~ the 3en- rietta, from Puerto Cabello for Bremer-the Condor, from XtAna SorElus'aing. Arived, the Balder, from Alexandria.. B'As.wls. Mfay 1.-Arrived,tbe OuseJfroml4ndon for Alilborough, with damage andeaky. having been run ito by the Crown, ot North Shields. A Siect of vessels has put in for shelter. DEMEAIRA Apil &The ara, ofand romBelfast. for Suri nam wan abandonedboff that coast ontihe 2 Fth of February. and has sineu drifted on shore nesr the Pon eroon Rierc TansiD, April 23.-The Angnntyr. from Newcastle for Cronstadt, vwhicb went ashlore on Steenberg-strand on the 21st of April, is a total wreck, deeply imbedded in the sand: materials Kr.ed; cargo totaUy lost. SrsrgL.C, May 2.-WBy Electric Telegraph)-The Ro,enklipper. from Stavineer. fell over and fiDed yesterday afternoon during a hail squall, but is expected to be lifted this afternoon's tide. GRAVESEND. MAY 2. (Br SBumum%z AATm BhtmHss TxGRAPJsL) IFrom Lloyd's.) 9 30 a.m.-Wind, N. t.E.; ide, 3 hours' fiood; fresh nix fine. Arrived.-The Lydia and Mary. from BHelsingborg-the CGafidersee from Bostock-the Jobanna Christina, from Landcrona-the llertha, from Nordensluys-theJohn Boll, fromHamburg-the MagneC, from. Ainsterdam. SailecL-The Poicties. for Adelaide. 1 p.m.-Wind. N.; tide, two hones' ebb; cloudy. Arrived.-The Anna Catharina, from Bogeme-thellenrietta, from. Kieve-the Nijora, from Konigsberg-the Louis CeciJe, from Nikior bing-the Thrifoff. from Engelholm--the Julia Auguta, from WoLgast-the Jobanna, from Xonigsberg-the Circassian, from Helsingborg-the Hermanos, from Sarpeborg-the Endte, from DddcrwaxiL the Jobanna, from Christiania -the Christian,, from Gottenburg -tbe Anna, from Norden-the Albatross, from Fredericlstadt-the Palmer. f-omGottenbuar-thePrinoess Carolrne Amelia, from Dantwe.-the Emilie, from Borgense-the Pauline, from Ekenfordt- the Triton from Memel- the Ela. from Aarhuus-the Spectator, from Danteic -the Justitia. from Christimnia-the Freya, from Sarp8borg-tbo Sohiridderen, from Sunnesand-the Rhea, from FreherickbaUl- tbe Aorsted. from Aarhuus-the Hoffoung, fromAggar-theAnnie, from Nikiobing. Sailed-The lordJohn Russell, for Dunkirk. 3 p.m.-Wind, N.N.E,; tide, 3 and a half houns' ebb; tine. No arrivals. Sailed.-The Dragon, for Hamburg-the Panther, for Boulogne. 7 30.-Wind. N.W.; tide, nearly low-water; weather, light and due. Arrived.-The faria, fromm Rnders. MAY I. Arrivel.-The Margaret Jones from Helsingborg-thse rary Clark, from Dantsic. DEAL, MAY 2. IBr BuBxAxL,cE AmD BRmagE TxLz AIa.) (Peom Lloyd'.l 9 a.m.-Wind. N.N.R.; freib. Pssed.-The Vesta,,from London for Oporto. Baled.-Her x ajest's hip Hawke, for Sheerness. Noon.-WinA N.N.E.: moderate. rPaed.-The Amnerican, for Liverpool, and the Sir James, for Hongkong, both from London. 2 p.m.-Win d, XW. by N.; moderate and fe. Paaed.-The Gleaner. from London. for AntignaHUer Majesty's gumboatsPlover and Spey, for Sheerness-the Imperitris, Ai0 transP.ort, from the BaltiC for the westward. Passed at the back of the Goodwin ands.-Tbe srip John Williamp, frm Philadelphia forBremen-the Biesboeh, from Cork for Loaclo. 7.50 p.m.- ind. N%W., wvegterly . light. Arrived and Prasso-The Afrim, for NewTport, the Hastin, for tnbec, the lady)KWaghten, for Cardiff, trbe oicte for Adelaide, ~~ed,orostantinople, the Oliver Van Noord, for Melbornme.the Parkdeld. for the westard, all from London-HerMajests gunbct. 32 anIA White, from Portsmouth for SheerneaL Arrived and Ancbored.-The Camerton, for Quebec, the AMoa, fer Mta, the Defence, for Liverpool, all fro. LeGdo-tbe 3ebeeea. from Swausea for Hamburg-the Royalist, from the West Coat PC Africa, the Clasris. from St. Thomas, the loyaL, from HaYmab, al forIAodon. MAY 1. Paswl-The Revenne, trom Rotterdam for New York-the Fzn, Goodwin, from Ant erp for Quebec HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDG1E. Thos day. To-morrow. Norning .. 32 msn. after 121 Mortng .. 17 mln. fter I AfterDon .. i mi. aftcr 121 Afternoon .. 38 . aft I 1
COURT CIRCULAR. * tihe Qneert elde an inyestitnre of the most ancient rer of the 'Thistle at;3 'clock yesterday afternoon, at P~uzkinigh'az Palace. 1 The Kights Brethren of the order, hv-ing been robed in their uantles of green velvet, and wVearing also thtir gold vQLar.s, assembled in the Green Drawinrg-room. The oEicers of the order attended, robed in their mantles of geeen satin, and having also their respective badges of Her llajesty the Queen and his Royal Hiighness Prince Al.bert entered the Throne room, in which the Chapter was held, and Her Majesty was conducted by the Lord-Chamberlain to a chair of State. The Queen wore her inantle of greee velvet, as Sovereign of the order, together Aith the collar; atn his Royal Highness the Prince Consort also wore the mantle and colLar of the order, His Royal Highness was ,eated on the Queen's right. The Knights Brethren were then called over by the Secretary of the Thistle, when the following answered ~-The Earl of Aberdeen, the Earlof Roeebery. the Duke of Montrc,e, the Earl of Elgin, the Earl of Eglintoun, the Duke of Atholl, and Lord Panmure. -The Kni-hts entered the Chapter-room, the seniors ftrst, attended by the officers of tbe order. Her 3lajesty having signified her gracious penmission to the Knights Brethren, they took their seats ;.t the Chapter table, the officers of the order remaining stamding. The Queen hann Sightifie her R oyal pleasure touching the3 election of 'a gniht into the order, the Knights Brethren proceeded to the election, and the simfrages having been collected by the Secretary (ending vwith the senior Kiight) were presented to the Sovereign, who was pleased to declarethe Mfost Noble George Douglas, Duke of Argyll, had been duly elected a Knight of the most ancient and inost noble Order of the Thistle. By command of the Queeni, the Duke of Argyll was received at the door of the Chapter-room by the Duke of Atholl and Lord l'anmnre, the Dwo junior Knights present, and conducted between theu to Her Majesty, preceded by the Secretary (carrying the ensigns on a crimson velvet cushion) and the Gentleman Usher of the Green lod. The Sword of State was deliverad to the Sovereign by theMarau of Breadalbane (Knight f the Thistle), Lord -Chamberlain, and the Duke of Argyll kneelmng had the honour of knighthood conferred upont hi ,y the Queen, and his Grace rising kissed Hler Majesty's h.and. T I he Secretary o f the Order admin:uistered the oath to his Grace. The Duke of Argyll again knelt near the Queen, and the -rt.ary presented to the Sovereign the Green Riband and Jewel of the Thistle, and Her Maiesty placed the same over thL Daka's left shoulder and under the right arm, after which his grace had again the honour to kiss Her Majesty's hand. I'he Duke of Argyll received the congratulation of his Royal Highniess Prince Albert, anid also of the Earl of Rosebery and the other Knights Brethren. His Grace then withdrew. The Chapter being ended, the Secretary, by command of the Sovereign, again called over the Knights, who, with the officers of the oruer, retired from the Royal presence. The officers in attendance were Sir Johb, Stewart Richardson, Secretary, and Mr. F. Peel Round, Gentlemian Usher of the Green Rod. Mr. Albert William Woods (lancaster Herald) was present, and assisted at the ceremony. Tl'he Court was attended by the Duchess of Sutherland, Mistress of the Robes; the Marchioness of Ely, Lady in Waiting: EarlSpencer, Lord Steward; the Marquisof Breadalbane, .T., Lord Chamberlain; the Duke of Welling ton, Master of the Horse; the Marquis of Abercorn Groom oF the Stole to the Prince; Lord Foley, Captain of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Anns- Viscount Sydney, Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard; Viscount cough, Gold Stick in 'Waiting; L ord Ernest Bruce, Vice-Chamberlain; Viscount Drumlanrig, Controller of the Household; Lord Waterpark, Lord in Waiting; Viscount Torrington, Lord in Vaiting to the Prince; General Sir Edward Bowater, Groom in WVaiting; Colonel F. H. Seymour, Groom of the Robes; Colonel Francis Seymour (Scots Fusileer Guards), Groom in Waiting to his Royal Highness ; Colonel Ridley, Field Officer m Brigade Waiting ; Colonel the Right Hon. Cecil Forester, Silver Stick in Waiting; Major-General the Hon. Charles Grey. Equerry in Wtaitino- Captain Du Plat, Equerry in WIaiting to his Royal trghness; Sir William Martins, Gentleman Usher to the Sword of State; and Messrs. Farquharson and Cameron, Pages of Honour in W7aiting. The Yeomen of the Guard were on duty, commanded by the dxon in Waiting. A Guard of Honour of the Scots Fusileer Guards was on duty wiith the band of the regiment in front of the Palace. Lord. Pannure had an audience of HIer Majesty. Pnince Albert rode on horseback, with the Prince of WVales and Prince Alfred, yesterday mornung. Prince A rthur and the Princesses Helena and louisa took =. drive n an open carriage and four. The Queen and Prince Albert, accompanied by the Princess Royal and the Princess Alice, took a drive in an open landau and four in the afternoon. The Equerries in Waiting attended on horseback, Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by the Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, honoured the Princess's Theatre with their presence in the evening. In attendance were the Duchess of Sutherland, the Marchioness of Ely, Lord Waterpark, Major-General the Ron. C. Grey, and Captain Da Plat. MIr. G. G. Adams had the honour of submitting to the Queen and Prince Albert his busts of Lieutenant-General Sir Colin Campbelland Lieutenant-General Sir J. L Pennefather. Mtajor-General the Hon. Charles Grey and Captain Du Plat have relieved Lord A. Paget and Colonel F. H. Seymour in their duties as the Equerries in Waiting to the Queen and Prince Albert. Her Roval Highness the Duchess of Kent visited the Duke and Duchess D'Aumnale at Twick-enham yesterday. A deputition, consisting of Lord Goderich, M.P., Mr. Crossley, MLP.. Mr. Jones, and MIr. Clough, had an interview with Sir George Grey yesterday at the Home-office. A deputation, consisting of the Rev. Canon Bickersteth, Mr. James Ashmore, and Mr. T. D. Robinson, had an interview with the Right Hon. E. P. Bouverie yesterday, at the office of the Poor Law Board, on the subject of the bil reIatine to the removal of Irish and Scotch paupers. Mr. Pressly, Deputy Chairman of the Board of Inland Rvevenue, had an interview with the Ch.ancellor of the Enchequer yesterday, at his official residence in Downingstreet. Despatches were sent yesterday to the Governor of Canada from the Colonial-office.
TEE: frmroPOL IToN BOARD OF WoVsRS.-Yesterday the Board of Works held its weekly meeting in the Council Chamber, Guildhall, Mr. Thwaites, the chai-man, presiding. After the Board had been constituted, the chairmnan stated that since their last meeting he had had an interviewwith Sir Benjamin Hall, the Chief Connuissioner of Works, on the subject of the secheme of the engineer of the Board for the main drainage of the metropolis on the south side of the Thames, in the course of which Sir Benamin requested that a competent person should be appointed by this Board, and another by the Government, with the view to test the accuracy of the experiments which had been made to determine the flow of the tides in the river, in order to ix the exact point down the Thames where the discharge of the whole of the sewage of the metropolis in it could take place without polluting the river near the habitable parts of the city. Sir Benjamin thought that an exceedinglydesirable step to take, inasmuch as the whole scheme of the engineers for the interception of the main drainage on both sides of the river turned upon theplace of discharge, and in that opinion he (the chairman) entirely concurred. Mr. Offormored that the request of Sir B. Hall be complied -with. This gave rise to a somewhat angry debate, in the course of which Major Lyon strongly protested against the right of Sir B. Hall to interfere in this matter, and deprecated any attempt by any member of the Government to tamper with the pro-ince and proceedings of the Board on any pretence whatever. Besides, he submitted that the proposed test, seeing that it was onlv to last for seven days, would be useless in determiing the accuracy of experiments which it had taken three months to make. Mr. H. L. Taylor contended that the Board itself wvas perfectly competent to deal with this question, without any interference from without, and strenuously ob*eeted to the Board, elected as it was on the principle of local self-government, being bound hand and foot to Sir B. Hall or any other Minister. The chairman submitted that it was competent for Sir B. Hall, as Chief Commissioner of Works, and inasmuch as any schemewhiclh the Board might adopt for intercepting the main drainage would have to be submitted to him for his approval, to make the suggestion he had made, without rendering himself liable to the imputation of a wish to intimidate the mnembers of the Board. 3Mr. WiLkinson contended that Sir Benjamin bad taken the proper course, in the position in which he stood,thoughbhe.night not have taken it at the propertime. Mir. Dalton considered Sir Benjamin had made the request, which,was a proper one, in the most courteous manner, and 'that it waz the duty of the Board to meet it in a similar spirit. Z1ventually-the motion of Mr. Offor was agreed to by a majority of two. A deputation from the Holborn Dhstrict Board of :Works, headed by Mlr. Southey, and introduoed by Mr. -Seeley, attended, and presented a emorial, suggestingt, among other improvements in the thorougfares ef th-at ;art of the town, the widening of the Holboan end of Chancery-lane, the entrance to leather-lane, where a 'few wretched buildings made it almost inaccessible fromEelborn, improvements in Gray'sinn-lane, and the removal of the block of houses in Middle-row, which so seiously impeded the main traffic of Iolborn. They stated that the whole cost of the improveinentssuggested was estimated at 150,0001. Mr. Seeley, in reply to Mr. Leslie, said that if it was the wish of tle Board that the district board should entertain the question s to v.what psortion, if any, of the cost the district would be ready to conteibute tewards the improvements in question, the distriot board -were ready to do so. The memorial w-as ordered to he referred to the Conunittee on Woiks and Improvements. Mr. Wilkinson presenited a memorial front Messrs. Ceoge Pastt, Professor Wheatstone, and Mr. J. W. Treeby, relative to a plan for constructing metropolitan zsuihrays. They pronose to construct under the newv street reconmmended BY Parliament from Cheapside to lamg-acre twVo sub3ways, each containing an up and dowa line of rails: and on reachingLong-acre to continue one mne inder Longacre, Leicester-square, and Piccadilly, to Hyde Parkcornea - and another line from Long-aos nnder Endells^treet, hligh-street, St. Giles's, and Oxford-steet, to Cumborland*-gate. The twvo lines of sub-railway would proceed fromnGi eapside, side by side, wtnder the neu-6,reet to the corner of Bowv-street and L,ong-acre, then fork off to t^e northern and southern sides of HyJe Park. Cont;guous to the sub-railways, and on each side, they also propose to build chambers to hold the gas sad water mains and telegraphaic wires. The scheme is intended to relieve the main thoroughfares of a great part of the traffic with which they are nowv overburdened, and to facilitate thte pasasenger traffic from point to point. The mncmonral was referred to the Comumattee on Works and Lmprbvements.. The Board was occupied, during the remnainder of the sitting, in the transaction of business destitute of general interest. It was about to pas to a motion of Mr. Hows, in referenee to Hampstead-heath, when a mnotion for the adjo11rnment o! the Board was carried on a thowf d
A AYAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. - -- - ---_h A court-anartial, consisting of Rear-Admiral the HEon. Sir Richard Saunders Dundas, K,C.B., of the Duke of Wellington, President; Captains H. J. Codrington, C.B., of the Algi-rs; Sir Thomas Maitland, C.B., of the Excellent; G. R. iundy, of the Nile; G. A. Eliott, of the St. Vincent; W. Ramsay, C.B., of the Hogue; the Hon, F. T. Pelham, C.B., of the fleet; J. Robb, of the COnsar; B. B. Watson, C.B., of the ImpGrieuse; George RIamsay, C.B., of the IEuryalus; W. L Hall, C.B., of the Blenheim; H. Lyster, of the Arrogant; B. G. Fanshawe, of the Hastings; and MrW. J. Hellyer, Deputy Judge-Advocate of the Fleet; assembled yesterday morning, at 9 o'clock, on board Her M1ajesty's ship Victory, Captain the Ron. J. R. Drummond. C.B., in Portsmnouth Harbour, for the trial of Mr. Francis I Bowen Pritchard, surgeon of Her Majesty's steam sloop Rattler, on the following charges:- "1, For that the said 3Mr. Francis Bowen Pritchard, 'hen surgeon of Her Majesty's steam sloop Rattler, and in actual service and full pay of Her Majesty's fleet, on the 5th day of January, 1855, on board the said steam sloop did act in a cruel, negligent, and unkind manner towards Caine Tombhy of the said sloop, who is now dead, and did not treat him wvhen sick wvifh proper care and attention. 2.-For that the said Mr. Francis PBowen Pritchard, -when surgeon of the s:dd sloop, and in actual service and full pay of Her Majesty's Fleet, did not perform his duty as such surgeon in a proper manner on board the said sloop, at the times hereinafter respectively mentioned, by not treating with sufficient care and kindness the men hereinafter mentioned, belonging to the said sloop, when in a bad state of health, that is to say,- "'Joseph Fahery and Charles Thompson (both since deceased) on the 15th and 16th days of April, 1852. " I William Brunham (since deceased) on the 1st day of June, 1852, and on the 1st day of January 1853. "'Samuel Henderson (since deceased), on the 29th and 30th days of April. 1852. "' 'George T. Dighy (since deceased), on the 1st day of January, 18.53. "'$John Duggan, on the 5th day of July, 18>53, and the 4th day of August, 18e54. " 'James WVilson, between the 31st day of August and tho 31st day of October, 1854. "'George Wright, on the 5th day of November, 1853. "'Thomas Broadhurst, between the 31st day of December, 1853, and the 1st day of September, 1854. ' I Charles Cox (since deceased), on the 1st day of November, 1855. 'James Barriman, between the 11th day of3May, 1854, and the 31st day of July, 18.54. " ' John Skews, on *';e 6th day of February, 1856. " 'George Johnston, betwveen the 7th d.ay of September, 1855, and the 13th day of September, 1855, and on the 17th day of September, 1855."' These charges were founded on the minutes of a court of inquiry (which lasted four days), heldby CommodoreTrotter, jCommander-in-Chief of the British Squadron on the Cape of Good Hope station, and after the various witnesses (upwards of 40) names had been called over the court yesterday Was cleared to deliberate whether the minutes of the said court of inquiry should be admitted in evidence or read by this Court; when it was decided that they should not. The trial then commenced, and is liklely to last a week, as many of the witnesses have yet to be found, the ship having been nearly five years in commission, and had two commanders during the term comprised in the charges. Mr. James Hloskins, of Gosport, solicitor, assists the prisoner. Our correspondent, in compliance with a pledge exacted by the Court, is prohibited from publishing the evidence until the conclusion of the trial. A letter from Her Mfajesty's ship Calcutta, 84, Captain J. Stopford, dated Havannah the 2d of April, says:- "This ship arrived here on the 2Gth of February last. Rear-Admira Fanshawe inspected her yesterday, and expressed himself highly pleased with the general state of the ship. The Spanish admiral gPave a grand banquet to the principal officers of the British and French ships assembled in the harbour, and in the course of the evening paid a very graceful compliment to the allies. Upon the health of the Queen of England being proposed the respective fiags of Engla>nd and France were run up together at the masthead of his faship, and saluted with 21 guns. The Termagaut, 24, Comm;odore Kellet, C.B., arrived here from Jamaica; and the Boscawen, 72, flag of Rear-Admiral Faushawe, on the 28th of Mtarch. The latter sails for Bermuda on the 7th inst., and we follou on the arrival of the maiL" The Belleisle hospital ship, Commander HosLen, sailed from the Motherbank on Thursday evening for Plymouth. The Euryalus, 51, Captain G. Ramsay, C.B., and the FaIcon, 17, Commander Pullen, went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday, the latter to be docked. The Tartar, 21, Captain Dunlop, readjustedher compasses in Portsmouth harbour yesterday. The Bulldog, 6, Commander Gordon, returned to Spithead yesterday morning from the eastward. The Vulcan, 6, Commander Bowyear, left Spithead on Thursday evening for the Crimea to bring home troops. The Driver, 6, Commander Gardner, returned to Spithead on Thursday evening. The Harier, 17, Commander Derriman, is gone to Sheer ness, thence to Yarmouth, and thence to HulL The Horatio, 8 gans, screw steamship, Captain the Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, arrived at Sheerness on Thursday from Spithead. Sho will be paid offimmediately her stores are returned. The Conflict, 8 guns, screw steamship, Commander Thomas Cochran, arrived at Sheerness from Portsmouth on Thursday, and received orders to prepare to convey the Coast guard men and revenue cutter's men to their respective stations on the east coast of England and Scotland. She left yesterday afternoon. The Russell, 60 guns, screw steamship, Captain Francis Scott, has arrived from Portsmouth. In addition to the ships reported yesterday, the following have entered Plymouth Sound from the eastward :-The screw steamships James Watt, 91, Captain George EUliot; Exmouth, 90, Captain Harry Eyres; Ajax, (0, Captain F. Warden; the screw steam-corvette Esk-, 21, Captain Sir R. J. Le M3 M'Clure; the paddlewheel steamsloop Gorgon, 6, Commander R. B. Crawford; and the hospital ship Belleisle, 6, Commander James Hosken. The gunboats in the Sound are-the Staunch, Commander Wildman; Snap, Commander Crespigny; Violet, Lieutenant Woolleombe; Weasel, Commander, Craigie; Redwing, Commander Forbes; Jackdaw, Commander Swinburn; Dapper, Commander Dyer; and Charon, Commander Pollard. The Calcutta, 84, Captain William King Hall, was towed from Hamoaze to Plymouth Sound on Thursday by the Conflance and the Zephyr steamvessels. She is appointed to sail on Tuesday for the East India station, to bear the flag of Sir Michael Seymour; all letters must be on board on Monday. The iron screw steam transport Perseverance, 2, Commander John W. D. M'Donald, left Plymouth for the Crimea on Thursday. The sloops Atalanta, 16, and the Camilla, 16, at Devonport, are ordered to be put in commission. The Thunder, 14 guns, floating battery, Captain George G. Randolph, is ordered to be paid off on Tuesday next. The new floating battery Terror was taken into the fitting basin, Sheerness, yesterday. The new screw steam despatch gunboat Nimrod, 6 guns, arrived at Sheerness on Thursday from the Thames. Active preparations are being made at Sheerness for launching the new screw steam corvette Scylla, 20 guns, now building there; she is to be ready by the latter end of this month. The floating battery Thunderbolt was yesterday morning warped into the outer basin at Woolwich, where the work of completion is to be continued by the contractors! men 230 of whom accompanied the vessel down from Messrs. Sarauda's yard. The engines and machinery are on board, and will be fixed at Woolwich. A vessel of such exteaordinary build has excited considerable curiosity, and lying as she now does, alongside four of the ordinary mortar floats, her-dimensions are brought out to much advantage, and occupy, within a few feet, the whole breadth of the basimn The Dee and the Rhadamanthus were received at the same time into the basin, and are to be laden with boilers and machinery for Portsmouth and Plymouth. The momr floats 116 and 117 were also received at the same time for fitmnent. The follow ing appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Henry Rogers, to be Lieutenant to the Driver; 0. S. Forbes, to be Lieutenant to the Sampson; G. H. Barnard, to be Lieutenant to the E-mouth; C. Smith, to be Lientenant to the CaUceia ; G. S. Nares, to he Lieutenant to the Conqueror - G. M'N. Boyd, to be Midshipman to the Algiers; E. . Chall, to be Midshipman to the Geyser; A. L. Trevor, to be Naval Cadet to the Euryalus. Intelligence has been forwarded to the authorities at the Invalid depit, St. MIarts, Chatham, that 3,500 invalids are now on their passage home from the Crimea. In order to afford accommodation for the large number expoeted to arrive at Chathaim, 450 teds are to be prepared, and every exertion is being made throughout the respective hospitals at that garrison for their reception. The subjoined are the arrangements made at head-quarters for the distribution of the seesral regiments serving in the Crimea and at the different stations in the Mrediterranean -The 1st Foot (2d battalion), due 21st, 28th, 47th, 57th, and 71st, to Malta;. the 3d Font, 46th, and 48th, to the Ionian Islands; the 13th Foot, 30th, and 89th, to Gibraltar; the 66th and 94th, from Gibraltar fcor, home service; the 9th Foot, 17th, and 36th, to Canada; the p4th Foot to Malta; the 68th Foot to the Ionian Islands,; te 13th Foot, 30th, and 55th to Gibraltar; the 48th Foot to (gibraltar; the 61st Foot and 92d from Malta to Gibraltar; flne 54th Foot to Gibraltar; the 62d Foot, 63d, and 31st, to 2Iova Scotia. The Highland Division wil be the last poA&ln of the B;tiAebrm'y that will leave the Turkisha territory, and it is, rumoured in milRtary circles that General Sir Colia Campbell will have the command of those troops. The following General Order has been issued from the Horse Gaards, dated April 21:- "The Field-Marshal Comnmanding in Chlef has received the Queen's commands to express her unqualified p raise of the Eoldierlike appearance of the troops of the lineand miltia at Aldershott, when reviewed by Her Majesty on the 19th inst. "The Queen admires the spirit of the militia and appreciates the zeal of its officers, by whose exertions that force has attained so high a state of drill and discipline, as j manifested by the steady and correct performance of exten- sive manceuvres on difficult ground, proving the great attention which has been paid to its instraction, the successful issue of which could scarcely be expected from troops so recently brought together in camp, and which surpassea the sanguine expectations of Her Ma^jesty. "By comma-Lnd of the Right H{on. Field-Marshal Lord Viscount Hardinge, Commander-in-Chief, "(- G. WETHEzRu A.G. MILITIA. The Royal Flint Rifle Corps, under the command of the Hon. Colonel Rowvley, are to assemble at Mold on the 20th inst., for 21 days' training. In order to fill up the vacancies caused in this regiment by the number of volunteers during the late war into the 23d Fusileers, orders have been issned by Lord Paumure to resume the enrol ment for the Rifle Corps.
SALE OF THE COLLECTION OF THE LATE SAMUEL ROGBES. FrEI DAY. The first half of the choice colection of paintings was disposed of this day, and realized extraordinary prices. The great room of Messrs. Christie and Manson was crowded to excess, and the greatest excitement prevailed. The followin_ were the nrhicipal lots f- I To. 518. Stothord. A F&c Champttre fronn Boccaccio. This beautiful composition contains four subjects, all of which are engraved in MIr. Rogers's poems. 75 guineas. No. 519. Ditto. The triumph of Ampphitrite, who is standing in a gilt car, drawn by sea horses, and surrounded by Tritons; briliantly coloured. 21 guineas. No, 520. Ditto. Sedillo, the Old Licentiate at Supper, attended by Gil Blas. 23 gmneas No, 251. Ditto. The Rustic Courtship, two figures by a stile, cattle iu the distance. 35 gneas No. 522. Ditto. Ineldaand a the door of the house of the Donati, at Florence. Sec Rogers's Itay;- " This had I treasured up in secret for thee; " This hast thou lost." 19 alnes go. 523. Another of Stothard's. A set of five illustrations to the Arahiaa Nigkts on one canvass, with painted gray borders, 53 guineas. No. 524. Ditto. Adam and Eve seated on a bank in Paradise, two angels looking on. 36 guineas. No. 525. Sir Joshua Reynolds. Portrait of the Mfarquis of Huntley in a cuirass, whole length. A beautiful small copy fronu Vandyke. 55 guineas. Mo. 526. Sir George Beaumont. Conway Castle. A horseman and other figures on the bridge, introduced by Sir David Wilkie. This picture was presented by Sir George to Mr. Rogers as a memento of the spot on which the poet andthe painter first set. S1 guineas. No. 527. Sir David WilkUie. The Death of the Red Deer, with portraits of MI'Intyre and 'Gregor, the hwutsman and piper of the Duke of Atholl. 1S21. The sabject has been eNo.a52S.. 3L Tu4rner, R.A. A Seapiece, with fishing beats off a wooden pier, a gale coming on. An early work of our great artsst, beautifully true to nature. 174 guineas. No. 529. Leslie, R.A. The Two Children in the Tower at prayer, at the bedside, in their nightclothes. This interesting work was painted for Mr. Rogers. 215 guineas. No. 536. Van Der Neer. A DuLtch river scene, with buildings on'a banlt, and numerous figures, briliant effect of rising moon. A beautiful small psinting. 32 guineas. No. 537. The Companion; a river scene, with the conflagration of a town. IS.. guineas. No. 545. S. Rosa. Jason pouring the enchanted potion on the head of the dragon. From Lord Radstock's collection. 32 guineas. No. 549. Bassano. The Adoration of the Slsepherds, who are kneeling before the Infant, surrounded by eattle and sheep. 251. No. 550. Domenichino. A romantic landscape, with Tobit following the Angel. A charming specunen. From President Vest's coUection. 27 guineas. No. 552. Prudhon. A subject from Roman history; a child rushing into its mother's arms. A finished stady of this admired French artist. 41 guineas. No. 553. Teniers. A group of five peasants, seated round a table, smokin,g, before a cabaret, a wooden building in the background. 101 guineas. No. 555. B. Van Ooley. A knight, in rich dress and armour, on a white horse, trampling on a Mloorish prince. This picture is supposed to refer to Charles V. in his campasgn against Tunis. 1001. No. 556. Garofalo. The Riposo ; the Virgin and Child seated on a stone plinth, St. John standing before St. Elizabeth and offering flowers, St. Joseph leaning on a staff; a river and mountains in the background. A lovely composition. 98 guineas. No. 557. J. Van Leyden. St. John aud St. Mark w-riting their gospels. An elaborate miniature wvork. 31 guineas. No. 55S. S. Di Ferrara. The Resurrection - Christ standing on the tomb, round which the RPman soidiers are reclining, stupefied by the miracle. 26 guineas. I No. 559. Parmegian. The Riposo; the Virgin and St. Joseph seated before an archway; the infant Christ and St. John on a cushion between them ; a cow and a horse in the background. *From Sir Thomas Lawrence's colleetion. 751. No. 560. Holbein. Portrait of Cardinal Ciesar-4orgia, in a crimson -dress and cap. A highly interesting historical portrait. 31 guineas. No. 56L Guercino. A party of cavaliers and ladies on the bank of a river ; some of them are crossing in a ferryboat; a city seen on the opposite bank. 35 guineas. No. 564. Teniers. A Cavern Scene, with a group of peasants at their devotions before a stone cross; other figures seen on a winding road, with a rocky background. From Lady Holland's colection. 41 guineas. No. 506. Watteau. A Masquerade ; a group of five figures. From the Earlof Carysfort's colection. 155 guineas. No. 567. Watteau. The Companion. A Concert. From the same collection. 175 guineas. No. 568. A. del Sarto. Head of St. John. Full of character. Purchased by Mr. Rogers, at Bologna, in 182L 60 guineas. No. 5269. P. Perugino. The Saviour, surrounded by St. Peter, St. John, and two other Saints. Painted on gold ground. Fonnerly the centre-piece of tlree compartments, the remainder of which still remains in Italy. One of Perugino's latest works. 37 guineas. No. 570. R. Hannah. Confidence, a post-boy whistling as he knocks at the door. 57 guineas. No. I.i . Hannah. The Companion; Diffidence, a girl ringing the bell. Much admired pictures purchased by Mr. Rogers from the Royal Academy. 56 guineas. No. 573. Jarvis. Portrait of Pope, in a crimson dress and black cap. This capital portrait was presented by the Duke of Rutland to Crabbe, and by the sons of Crabbe to Mr. Rogers. 78 guineas. No. 577. Gainsborough. The Cornaro Family. This admirable copy was muade from the engraving, the original picture by Titian not then being accessible to the artist. 65 guineas. 'o. 57S. Titian. Samson lying in the lap of Dalilah, who is holding a lock of his hair, which an attendant is cutting off. Fron the Orleans' Collection. 401. No. 579. Giorgione. A Knight and Lady, in the foreground of a romantic landscape, with view of Florence in the background. Admirably coloured. 83 guineas. No. 580. Claude. A Grand Archway of rich Roman Architecture, with party of cavaliers and ladies playing cards on a terrace; A Roman Villa, with mountainous background, on the sea shore; the whole illumined by the evening sun. Fromthe Orleans Gallery, Thefirst picture purchased by Mr. Rogers. 135 guineas. No. 581. Sir Joshua Reynolds. The Mob-cap. The principal figure in the celebrated coniposition of the "Infant Academy." A round of applause followed the ushering in and knocking down of this favourite picture. It was put up at 250 guineas, and finally closed to Air. Radclyffe for 780 guineas. No. 582. R. Wilson. An Italian Landscape, with reined temple on a rock above a river, a group of three figures and sheep in the foreground. Full of aerial effect. Of the finest time of the artist after his return from Italy. 130 guineas. No. 583. Leslie, R.A Sancho and the Duchess. One of the most favourite works of this distinguished artist. Purchased by Mr. Rogers from the Royal Academy. This was borrowed by the artist while painting the picture in the Vernon Gallery. 1,120 guineas, Mr. Ioyd. No. 584. Farrier. Going to School: an idle boy catching a fly on the wall. 51 j guineas. No. 585. Van Eyck. The Virgin, with the Infant in her Lap, seated in a Gothic niclhe, sunaounted by elaborate Gothic tracing, in. which are represented the seven joys of the Virgin, in relief. An exquisite miniature work" the zc ptus vlb-a of delicacy and precision of miniature painting in oil." Waager. 255 guineas. I No. 586. Schiavone. The Birth of St. John. The jinfant is being tended by three females in the centre St. Elizabeth on a couch in the background, and four figures seated round the table, on the left- An admirable design. 51 guineas. No. 587. A. Verocchio. Portrait of a noble Italian lady, -the face seen in profile, in crimson and white dress, ornamented with pearls, a veil hanging over the back of her head. An interesting portrait. 185 guineas. No. 5S8. Sir Joshua Reynolds. A Girl w"ith a Bird. The celebrated original. 230 guineas. No. 590. Hayden. Napeleonstndjirg on the shore of St. Helena. A smaU replica from Sir Robert Peel's largepicture. Painted for Mr. Rogers. 65 guineas. No. 691. Sir Joshua Reynolds. A Girl Sketching This picture formed the companion to The Girl with the Kitten, in the Earl of Normanton's Collection. 350 gumeas. No. 592. Sir C. Eastlake, P. R. A. The Sisters. A most elegant work of our distinguished President. 380 guineas. No. 593. Rubens. Solitude, a landsc moonlight. Admirable effect of the stilness of night. well-known work is from Sir Joshua Reynolds's collection. 310gaineas No. 596. 'W2teau. A lady in a red dress, seated on a bank, a cavalier playing on a lute at her side. Brilliantly coloured. 1471. No. 601. Sir Josma Reynolds. The Strawberry GirL This was the great gem of the collection. Respecting iSt! Sir Joshua observed that-"No man could ever produce more tha= about half-a-dozen really orignal works; and tbat,"hoadded. "isoneof mine." Sir homas Lawrence wvrote to Mr. Rogers :-"Tht magnificent display ofA i- pudent know ledge that kicks modesty of doers, and makes yon say 'Aye let her go,' has never been from msy rgeolection or eyes since I saw it." Knocked down, amidgrt applause, to Mr. Agnew, for 2.100 guineas. eg No, ec:3, Leslie, 11,A. Tb Pist lesson, L ad teaching her child FPinted for Mr. Rogers, from the design by Raffaelle, and Eo well known by the fine engraving of Mac Antonio, which accompanies the picture. 32t g.euneas. I No. 604. Sir Joshua Reynolds. A romantic woody lndscape, in the maniner of Titian. 105 guineas No. 608. Rubeus. The Horrors of War. The atist as Mars, in armour, followed by two of his wives and infant Cupids, who endeavour to restrain him from foUowing Bellona, Discord, and the Furies. The' larger picture is in the Pitti Palace. 200 guineas No. 609. Guercino. A 3Mother, with a child in her lap; she holds a sparrow on her hand, on which the child is intently gazing. Full of fine feeling. From the Borghese Palace. 315M No. 610 L. Di Credi. The Coronation of the Virgin the Saviour in a glory above. A -work full of expression, and purchased by Mr. Rogers, at Rome. 380 guineas. No. 614. Giotto. The Virgin, seated on a throne, with the Infant in her lap, under a gold canopy, surrounded by Rnelus. 310 guineas. No. 616. ahlma. The Virgin, seated, with the Infant in her lap, who is presenting a cross to St. Francis. 315 £guineas. No. 617. Rembrandt. A Forest Scene, with horsemen and a beggar on a load. A masterly work, and a favouritestcudy of SirJoshuaReynolds. 250guineas. No. 618. Guercino. The dead Christ7 watched by two angels. An exquisite replica, on copper, of the picture in the lNTational Gallery. 155 guineas. No. 619. Titian. Charles V., of Spain, in a suit of tilting armour. From the Orleans collection. 195 guineas. No. 62L Barroccio. La Madonna del Gatto. A very celebrated work from the Salviati Palace, Rome. 200 guineas. No. 622. N. Poussin. The Adoration of the Shepherds. An exquisite picture. 110 guineas. The three following pictures were hung over Mr. Rogers's writing table, level with his eye as he sat. No. 623. L. Carracci. The Virgin. seated, holding a book over the head of the infant. 160 gnineas. No. 624. Claude. The Mill On the bank of a. river a shepherd seated, playing on the pipe beneath a group of trees, near which goats and cattle are grazing. An exquisite gen. 660 guineas. No. 625. Raffaelle. Christ in the Garden of Gethsemane, kneeling in prayer. A precious little picture. 450 guineas. The total amount of the day's sale reached to nearly 16,001.
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD, MAY 2. In a Uonvocation held this morning at 10 o'clock the nomination of Count Aurelio Saffi to the office of Teacher of Italian at the Taylor Institution was submitted and approved. The Rev. James Kelly, M.A., Trinity College, Dblin, was adisnitted ad cundcim. In a Congregation, held immediately afterwards, the following degrees were conferrod:- MA. Rev. Wharton B. Marriott, B.C.L., Exeter. Rev. Charles H. Steward, Oriel. Edward ML iler, Demies }Mngdalen. Rev. John T. Thorn, - Rev. H,G. J. Clements, >Christ Church. Edward R. Harvey, J Rev. Lawvrence W. Till, P Rev. John H. H. MSwiney, Pembroke. Henry Wright, Balliol. Henry M. Tuckwell, Lincoln. Thomas H. T. Hopkins, Demy, Magdalen. mWilliam D. Doncombe, Brasenose. Abralham W. Jackson, Worcester. Charles Griffith, Wadham. There will he an election of Demies at Mlagdalen CoUege in July. Candidates will have to procure testimonials from their coUege or school, and a certificate of baptism, which must be presented to the President on Saturday, July 19. The examination will commence on the Monday folowing. There are at present four vacancies. No person wiU be elected whose age exceeds 20 on the 22d day of July. These scholarships are tenable until the 25th year of age, and are open to natives of any of the following counties and places :-Berks, Bucks, Bedfordshire, Essex, Glocestershire, Hants, Kent, Lincolnshire, City of London, Middlesex, Norfolk, Northampton, Notts, Oxford, Suffolk, Somersetshire, Surrey, Sussex, Warwickshire, and Wilts. The Professor of Latin (Mr. Conington) will give a publc lecture on the poetry of Ennius in the lecture-room at the Clarendon on Monday, 3a 5, at 2 o'clock. The Professor of Latin also proposes to read Cioero's oration Pro Plancio with a class in the Law School on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, at 1 o'clock, beginning on I Thursday, May S. Members of the University wishing to attend are desired to call on him at University College on Wednesday, May 7, between 12 and half-past 1, when those who have not attended any of his previous courses, not being members of Corpus Christi CoUege, are requested to pay the statutable fee of 1l. Last night a riotous mob of several hundreds of persons, belonging, with few exceptions, to the town of Oxford, collected in the streets, and proceeded to a variety of lawless acts. They broke the windows of the Old Clarendon building and ot the schools, also those of the house of the Registrar, and some in Lincoln College; they pulled down and burnt two of the police boxes, and assaulted and seriously injured several of tho poliecsnen. Great Preparations are bela" made to preserve the peace of the town during the oomm~g night, a large body of special constables having been swsorn in, both by the MIayor and the ViceChancellor. A reward of 51. has been offered to any person or persons wvho shall give information leading to the conviction of any of the offenders. It is reported that certain nndergraduate members of Christ Church took a prominent part in the disturbances. The UJniversity sermons on Sunday next are appointed to he preached, in the morning by the Rev. E. A. Litton, of Oriel College, Bampton Lecturer, and in the afternoon by Ithe Rev. DrJaosn Canon of Christ Church. This last t wiU e the hanksiving ermon I =~~~~~~~~~
THE INExw MLiTARy HosrrrL.-SouTHAx'%sroN, May 2.-Her Majesty the Queen has expressed her intention to the authorities of this port, through Mfajor Ravenhill, C. E., to embark from here on Monday week next, on her visit to this neighbourhood, to lay the foundation stone of the New Military Hospital, about to be erected between the site of the ruins of Netley Abbey and the village of Hamble. It is expected that Her Majesty, accompanied by his Royal Highness Prince Albert and the Royal children, together with the usual suite, will embark from the docks on board the Royal yacht Fairy about 4 'clock. Her MNajesty having expressed her intention to be present in state, the dock company will make every arrangement for the comfort and accommodation of the Royalvisitors, and hope that the Government officials connected with the port will not interfere. This hope is expressed in consequenceof the exhibition of " routine" which took place in the embarcation of the members of the Houises of Lords and Comnmons, andother Government personages, on the day ofthelate naval review, and which caused so much confusion at the time, and elicited many expressions of dissatisfaction in both Iouses of Parliament, no part of which could in the slightest degree be attributed to the want of proper management by the representatives of the dock company. A meeting of the Town Council was held this day at which it was'determined to draw up a loyal and dutiful address of congratulation to Her Majesty, and the Town Clerk was requested to put himself in correspondence with Colonel Phipps to know if it would be Her Majesty's pleasure to receive it. A committee was also formed for the purpose of making appropriate arrangements, and besides a splendid banquet itasproposedto illuminate the picturesque ruins of Netley-abbey, and to add a grand display of iireworks. It is rumoured that large military barrackasareto bo erected adjacent to the hospital, and should such be the case a branch railway will be laid down from the nearest available spot to Gosport. T MAs.-SouNo, May 2.-e Ro Mail steamship La Plata, Captain Weller, sailed this afternoon with the West India, Mexican, and Pacific mails, 107 passengers, 30,000l in specie, 6,0001. value in jewelry, and t,he usual cargo. Among the passengers are SirW. Holmes, Colonel Minchin and son, the Rev. E. Elliott, cltaplain of St. Kitts, Major Wolff and lady, Captain Hermer, Dr. Edwards. Lieutenants Gilborne, Turner, and Anderson, Ensign Whitford, and StaffAssistant-Suraeon Tonnere. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamship Aira, Captain Field, sails on SundaymorningnextforAlexandria, with the outward India, China, and Mediterranean mails. The Pera, Captain Soy, with the homeward portion of the mails from India, China, and the Mediterranean, is expected to-morrow. The Madrid, Captain Bradshaw, with the mails from Vigo, Oporto. Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, is looked for on Sunday. The Tagus, Captain Weeks, leaves on the 7h inst. with the outward Peninsular mails. The United States' mail steamship Washington, Captain Cavendy, with the German, French, and English mails, ea. roite from New York to Bremen, is expected off Cowes to-morrow. The Funlten, Captain Lines, from Harre, Southampton, and New York, wvith the French and English mails, will sail on Wednesday. EXPORTS ERoac TavERPOOL.-TILO total value of the exports from Liverpool during the psat quarter amounted to 12,477,2141., being nearly one-half the value of the total export of the united kingdom, which amoanted to 25,149.0001. TITaEs.-The total rent-charges agreed orawarded' to be paid in lien of tithes amount to 4,050, 2371., of which 678,3551. is payable to cl6ricsl appropriatorsand lessees, 2,410,50. to parochial incumbents, 76n,4291. to lay improjpxiaxsw, a 195o946, to schools and colleges,
C A 1AGNEA spa:rkliganwd dr,vr ueir 485 dozen. Cwriagefre-AI WhECHAIIY 66, St.. .Jamee'a.street. VORT,,of Vitae 1825.-GEORGE HO X.Y _L A ew Caendib-street, PortLand-plc,bg oifrt soiiy entry, and clubs that bie hasbenotuaeeugtome wtsoe of teaboverenowned WTh-E which he cnoe t7g e dozen (Cash). FR ENCH and GERMAN WINES,Hoctl ancldMsled, andcariag fes.Redwins -St Juid Clare, wie aecbjac8 lin,SO. eriben pnt, os: a oer doze.-FIE44LDtti, I0s.;CateanMrgaex.4o.EedHock~ &i. Whte wies - lowst 36s.~ile~ll.-JOHNtICl~ED WAC and o., wne merhants, PortmansqnarAde.teet ORTli andjER SHERRY 38s .e dozenFcELD, o rtaethtreal genrnewinecan nw be old.tldorenan. Sherries, ,46.,fte.ver chic Ol Wies.Olw,ithout2g Claretet th ies gowh; es adcognlebranedy GOLDEN denSEMR7lon alao1every kind at ~ ~ ~ NS wine and spiritingetaey.0,Amsret TI HAMPS GNER dAERY,48s per. poer doenBARL,Or refeence cariag tre o charge far tbottlejst repackages Aa eONeGaNtpae wNe, ofith farohe UM table b fun of ayenlm.pue,ceighbaody,euer dry, and frsueaor tol clneas tastd,nr ithoud t the alighed pprchI to hacdity fore tualit and thrieoze caset torbiage paid i- ..m TCHLadC.. on,plCmto.-Balowane dol-lade,maTowerstreet(remoet TEAY-ED SH Y ceerae Gholly E S RY 1. fectl perdmen,ted wine for 6h sdoten,t1 pner ure-akalpi moton weSatiomei and ivgrtngTofSwhi5Jte aindesO.wiendsrt aondsinl 21. iamb'rem2 Coundu-itetret,ndn Roegetalce, reommndo bhegao =as an excellfy puyntnetoahre tolE N which willegiesatils. fato. Vferylchoice onlydpure Cogna Rand, f58.f anddold achndma =ollatds, Ssupers dotendns. :.lanydmntatsta hi YtmiandAreci&atd Thir prears re soracwith the lacfimo oGinonmy Co.rpbesentnet rEsapecfllytos:Tthata tholey avegpjusez8hea CorwSichNaeN solte abovsgeM poWming. IthIie founrd outeycellen body ver dry,.e and Fart,superior to wines Chlampagne sold attebv price. o be odi Cogne,tw, or. there dozen, cases. Carriage paidei th coreunty.ugtefrmin ctheor respectabe roateference. Cprie lsTso wines,obt,ainedatp oeratiupBrlow n Atdenionmanr 5,Curron-stretet, Ktapedan rtilcWN-aweholmly -Vanbyiel.nde 2and peri.. 56 na(42SH. RY-o white wugin Puf 3es.ud42 -t Conainslittl org etdwine in the' tOl fSPIil wtitest isen-iise ofithes ters Thnetoi nofreacidie, v6 ery doltl trae. Sofe -agndtoe snuglr,and not mloreo thaman1 er7 c.ent,ofzpiitend Risit ceonsretlywncaabef oasn iriati ountor acidity, shuchda may adrissedfo Soeamexederi FmSeImt, and, IgLe.Mitre-cute il-tettCepie ITNDULATER1VACKIFNE.-3'LTE Spirit, 'FtJutandC importers.u 2s6, CnUit-street,C egent-etreet, Lotndon princpe of I) IngRinronly purs. erdoz7eS free yfrom 26s~to an2ne Martsanded tHe neesa's teningt whld oogasnl badyOnstraes tgatlthei ysthem teapreeiatold. Their ptri-es aredinhecoranc 1with. theayonall of presen time.6. ExJmacraples :-Th PaE origolden fesprengnetherry, forwich heyae sle cnsigees posesspgate admiedquatty fiave,pit 1161; fll-odie ol Fot, 4s.;spaklig Champarte, 48s ;d. psntea Clare. 42.; fnest ld Cgnac SOs.per ozen for cas. Cariae free, ~~HB NATURAL WINES of FRable hee ve been 3. d .Lcrefllceuhtfarintner rspctie acaites yjcanPbe had tod thsinemgus, 18the thone anrareowneupoeserves; eh~~ stmed angrartviicrl ale Go amelygo e-onay,Is addp; eue 8s.e and 64g.- l Poit_Buguty (Pou,LIl) atnd an white Chabli, SOs 60s en 'Yin deulieneClaret, g. ; dt. Jstephe 3Ws . La Rose, S2s . auee SOs.; So-auend oee.anctBand 42g.; pe~r dozn Teledn 72ine and. C1.' stocdofspanish wStesisbrgr Joanstlwt t inesb tomer qualtie, 5g. er ozen .. Sle gen in Engand fars Clicqot'd COCHiipge WHSY rin uliy . per doe,Rmtacs rtw eee- acoom goeanwiemerchant ,%5. ge Sstet. Ade-qae dnorh chim.2s;old Irishwik istraw-clyured mmended asg tdh; I,sta delcou wisky,rfIts. pud.; oedyaaiu,anrum, lb.;einglishwe git, fell istrengt,lmn impsera pints or pertn dozitenBas and mcho.'spaeate,Di qthart s.,pinitc Csandbe imera sinle. d. botEdinburghc acle, qartsal the re.spintsbl rtil., himperia Pint So.do ando iale vidarty s.pns d; frmte inte mgnsId ale, urinltsow.6.pnts of . Pd;Psopastalee,qANtAN SO.NS, fromVFNdStr ale od and CoN, 785, liyshoreet, ne-sreLon dhonbidge Ltgbland StatiolN.hsw S.prCUi ens ahc de DBESIN ORveadmrys hppn) LLSOPerIars. ChoiE, botldert fof 1expovitagetion, perydoen Andrinmagnms at0g.; thismaews ith desrvt gthbe onoitice fofa canissous: tis frmy and mellow, fruty., 2yAet free from sweenes bandps Allso;pManrnllas and Amel orntiiadt. hgl eonnae a aais 72g, ad S.; udeheier.Stenbeger Joadelosb erfere ndcLeb-t rarewine. Ol pal conac rand. O.Ipe.doen; guaqos;N.3 maschio, oycn hery band, ad oherForeignlAueurs. On receipt of A poe-oA-crdRorWefrnce aPOny qunis nw thea priced itofal otherwiDd 00,YGlU eA,nmin telb.orwat the wandhBu"ftheR watIne iamerans Com,p1ny, RGent-strfeet London;ery atd&pe, lg'-roa, 1)S-OFC ORDEARSRND,Pl COrST on ed.-ALtX -Lth finEst CogAc brNds.i Onhtedoentae, asimptorte, ns(atriage drelveredpfreetsofagithe ralwysaio.wlnsgoNO,n rcito otmr-offce de W. J . gaLeriOrNBlto anxd S wie, and spirarditnmprytrers,thand CaoTCH2s, na i WHISeY pratet RualitydCfe, B 2. pergalo,L IEJ crriag p aidb:21. Noachaage foreec. e.-NE ndGIV SE' IFRY's HOMEOPAHICKYCOTOA, male bya uol Iryiah whis,y Bistl highlyctreomede as the moenbyst diioal p andwhoesome ysprt eithere foroa miadn or, !rr medina ponrp riose; ito IsHerfetgopre Coery mil,ande being melowed wristhog,sfeefo CAn RObtanedinTeald bttes,t3 d.EAch, IDAtlh Arespctbl thepROOcT.sinbtowns ofEgand- or: wb.elesaLe frngom tinI SONS, ad sanSmplYWTH, , reat WNdMACKAYie, Haudmare.,6 uei-tet SCTeVpieNS ad SN 8 iosaesre IGAPhiS.-Thperr HavGLSh GPlaLtate S. and C2prglomchiieRnHlighand small-spertiloWhsany,ISs. per gallon.dTerm, cash 9ope AuuleLSOTpP's ALEd, bosttlred, for e6taportSatiole Gmay7be lSoppand afies,oandsolelyfosipment.&-BSN izetoEie 'JUTOUMBERTMEDICINAL PARI.LE ALEORAL TBrewed withd b the waermrpeHrory Naill'snWels" It. eresb an pseoatigeasodnable,tand2s delicious. ference imthe acnly.-B oden55GaoUper -W Semor-taeea, Phiraz,and-otuars soleLonon aentH.Watt, mnagr, StogBember, Thapeton. BRIGHTON PALE ALES, so m cehlist roved. vTIsitor.oNnTOBAndCOgiNca,IS.S perg othero.3Tli in~~~~~~~inoti Tea Company.a berry, at is, perPro.-g OST-OFICEorDERSou ICOSTSlY.PSON's F ,D,Ez IIA`TEEtN., 1,HG AH-streee slnto endost pmn-tagse sieele, all puartbf nland restoufe,z stehrlig eI pitsofdeetmicae.,2two or ibe.anduperirBac r, MIne Tpea,iof th depotraorin5r strengtheand iceavour,hants,i atnd cshpe.s spatentRatdCfe, d,i.a. tFryad ons.th Baritol. andumeaHctes _'prto thetQuleenb theca wap-r po dintment; wry's Soul ooamd ypryb anudSosBristol alsoI br' Hlexago Cocoa,fmade by Fry and1 Sog.BrStFoLE ,. PORBEn o' IAT IA ARROWCHRCOOT, in baRes,andxt latest ipoentin can obe bada badmtepl tab!hen-WOTempSeOON,MA onao - 60og,Quen-ostreet. TONDN-MDE TBLECUTLERY.-SMIITH's LAhaNs'be'en"clbAted forAorethan a century. Priices sent post free-72. King Willam-sretlciy DPUBLIC NOTICE.-TOSEPH MAPPIN and JLBROTHER1S beg to gie notice that their London Warehouse for their Cutlery ard Electro-Plate, is REMtOVED from 37, Sfaorgatestet t 7 in Williamtrea London-bridge.--~Quoeeg Catlery Works,Shefil'd.April28. 0T MORE BLUNT KNIVES.-The PATENT N,EMOULEUR, price2Is. B3ythisinvrention six dozen table knives can he effectoally sharpened in 10 minutes, To be had at P. STEVEN-S, International Patent-oflloe, 33, Essx-stret, Strand. Forwarded on receivingst 26stamps _'IEANE's TABLE CUTLER-Y'-This manufacture LYhas been celebrated for more than 150 years and maintains an unrivalled reputation for quality and cheapness. The stock- is of an extensive andL complete character, affording a choice suited to the taste and means Of every purchaser. Best transparent ivory table knivs 30g periott;oti. dessert knive 2s. S . pe d :seod best dito, abl kive, 2s.Per doz., ditto, dessert kniv 9es.l.p0enrdoz.-; thid qaliy dtto taleknives, 185. per do7n ; ditto, dessert knives, 14e. perdz.;crver to atch1lO.. 7s. 6d., and Co. per pair; kitchen fivesand orks lOsper os, iscellaneous cutlery,-TLdles' sciss-ors of he inst tel, hemost finished workmanship, and in choice varity,Scisorsin hnds meae adapted for p reents. Penkuives andevey escipionofpocket catlery. Deane's Monument razorbhas] been130yeas b foe te pblic and is a lan. thoroughly good old Engishraer,Prce g.60. Spoons ~an foAr~s-Silver pattern spoons and orts Al thenewst ad betibsign ofthese cheap, useful, andI sPoSu0g erdoe;d essert forks 2ew permadz, aw desset speto&onstS marking linen, silk. eotton, coan-s 6owels, books,.Aa., so as to prevent theInkblttig othpoDebflity of itg wwblrngout 3swwth CULLTn PATENTXLECTE-5H,VEPLAT11B. ALny Person can use them. ]FRENCH SI , £91 Is. the foil dress, at KING'4, 20, Refmt-sre~ inoed silk, £2los. paterns let, VlOr free to any pArt. iu, ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~k,1? Oxfordstrict , betw tipd n cekdGlo,a runm 6d. perdrsoc1 ad,el ctthatntcofamus, amounts above L5. for the MILLION.-A th STOde with i Mi ., WILLIAMS and. Co. onvlistt sre at ~ fluuual areclleo re atpresen dispoingho anrextnsiavfte SToCeK f i VI beinginuchuner theeordi alypcs Patens ab Senotut t ofh c uktry fanydresees, mantles, and shawls wilbe foundtosrasi cbe i f quality, costly effect, and moderate price, all former productin& India shawi warebonse, 10, Ludgate-sre - even kouses from St. als F ASHIONABE MAXTLESat Graftoni-hous, ~HE NEW ALHAMIBRA SCF SHAWL, JL worcnin one piece. Priices, one, twins and three guineas each.' Thishawl, prenoimoedby the press, in their note. on fashion, the most; ff~ckce uaxdecnovlcayeroduced,caesrriesx:thitt,hen t .re s o Ay aty. To be obtain2a th Cytaanrh %6 62, St. Paul's churchyard. H OSIE1RY.The lags,the best,anth ea s- ST`OCK in London,ltis 1.OGE and SO',Cmr0igeey xsriety or size and quality, in cotton, thread, sl,adwolnsok ingsad hail stockingg, for ladfies, gentlemnen, chide,adinfant&. A. lag assortmtent of sillk or India gauze undcmr-clolng Address, Wl, Oxford-street. one door east of Bemner-street. If NDIA. SEHAWLS.-A apenidassortment of superb-. _LINDIA. and all other decitosoelgnSH W aeosMtatyo SA.LE at .HRs(lt wean rtIdiwrhose 600, Fleet-stree.wocniust ucaeo xhneIda and China shawls, Dlisaf,licb,tras odadsle m broidered muslins, &-Td, rth,ad Fec hw,Mnl, Dress, and Silk aeos,6. le-tet FRNENCH PRINTED MUTSLINS.-This day cxJ2hiitig a Lsnbeh-buaea lrgeimprtaionof the most beau.. tifl dsigs o plin nd heced rgads usln.The colours Am.~ the mpeialblu sofashionable in Pasta, &.I made~dt prseo 611. pryad. ful founced drews 3mayb G ILENNY's B.A.LERIGGAN STOCKINGS anud kX SOCIiS.-This celebrated Irish nianafacture is patronised:bj Her Majesty, Prince Albert, and the principalnobility, and is far uperiortoereyut"bermake of hoaderyforwear, softnese, and elastcity, and never shik or becomeis hard by washbing. Awarded the PanIs. Exhibition MedaL the Royal Dublin Society's Gold Medal, and thle Great Exhibition Medal, Sold only byC0Glenny. ]Wabriggati-house_ 33, Lombard-street ; and' Threher and Glenny, next door to boinersethouse, Strandl. F'ASHIONABLE PARISIAN BONNETS, in the _Vbert tise,b first-rate artistes, and of the best and newevk materials. Eclece with economy. Sprin bonnets, at Ills. - glsa* dito, ts.Gd. mornig dtto 14. G.; ride's ditto, 21s., 6sidee. mai's itt. Iis.Gd.A geatvaretyonvew t.. and E. Si1fiTH'- pateteesof te (~splao orfol net,which peksi oim-w inche deep andcan aso behad t theabov slo.Intcto for, for -420, including the, by post on application to J. BRIE and Co., 43, Condutit-st.. Regent-au iNIADlAM CL M O , d Paris, staymraker, .i2V sAkL,ondr-esze15 AvrL,l,II ount-street, Grusvenor-sqAoas TrHE FORTY-SEVEN SHTILLING SUITS made to _ ordier from Scotch heatber and Cheviot tweeds, all -wool, an(* thoroughly shrnkl, byE.L BENJAIMN, merchant tailoe, 74, Itegentstreet. The Pelisser over-coats,621a. and28., adaptedfor the sason the two-guinea frok or dress coats; the guinea dres trousers, andth half-guinea waiscatos.& N.E.A perfect fit guaranteed. a ,rat etrpolton ardobei29 anrd.29,Cigx OLYLANDIS, 150, Strand (two doors west of H Somerret house), submit their novel and fashionable GAR31ENTS frtesrn or being of a stylsh and gentlemanly character, andwiibefoundtobedurable andLeconomicrl. Superioyransi elegant designs forgsummer weistoDats and truser, The fashionabler Beaufort Frock and their Albert, Promenade Mantle Cape, in,rea* variety. MJACHINE-MADE CLOTHIING.-HYAM and O. 6Oxford-street. have consummated an imuportont inven.- - tion for the mianufacture of CLOTHING, by which the work of six hands is accomplished in the time of one. Even. and all but invisible-' sea, lne-ikereglarty f sitc, slidtyand beauty. aLre, at OonEconspcuou. Seprateworkhops re itteAup on the prenise, and.. theextaorinay ceapes oftheartcle ma b judge of fromi thefolloing uotntnns:Xew oercots an caps, t.fd. to 42s.: walk- andCo.a ROUERALLIANCE, rie. Price f trosers ted wih theallianice, 25g. A wAi Co.s utfttng arhose,1 Picaill, ppsiNTe t arnes's-treet, M ESSRS. DODGE, BACON and Co. beg to calE. the attention of their customers andthe trade to the superiorityin width, elasticity, firm ess of enameal and fabric, and retention of, lustre and colour, of CtO-CERi'rs PATEN'T TA.NXED LEATHEJI CLOTH (patent of Jan. 14, lil), and to state that they are nowila stcsik, andare supplyingtbe nee-goods atthe listpriossof the old. All tanned goodsarestamped" Manufactrd byJ.B. andC. P. C.ockett." -44 St. Paul's churchyard, and dl. Old Change. T HlE CRE11NERIAN BOOT, remarkitble or light-_ JLness, elegance, comfort, durability,and permauneny of shape.- 20, Surrey-place., Old Kent-road. F][ENDER FEET.-For ease, eleance, and good workmanship, nothing can surpass HU 5IIIN'SON's PTNT LE,AT'R13OOTS. at the unprecedenittd lowr price of lIe, Gd.; calf. P2.d-3, rnighueln, Blackfrias, near The Tixnes-office. Gentlemenatedda hi wresidencew, and lasts miade toD the feet. 1FASY BOOTS.-T. GRUINDY, boottuakcr, 133, JU4 Lendenbhai-street. Poppstethe india-house, and 4,St. Matinslane, Charing-croms respectfully beer leave to acquantitthernobility.' gentiy, and the public that he has introduced an entirely new process-- iu the preparation of leather, whereby it is rendered miost; beautifuilg soft and pliable, and at the same time so mnush changed in its naturei as not to occasion that pain an d inconvenience iiAiverszally ex:ierience&. in weaing ne boot. Theybear amost eau fttifl nolish rqire no-i;a 11)EGISTERED CARLTON BOOTS.-No. 24, JR-X Pall-mallt-Noblemen and gertlemen are respectfully invited tirinispect these elegant articles. Their mcritswill enti.tle-them to super. sod evrydesritio o bots,esecillthseintended for fashuinm- unifrm, nd mch lss epensve tan ellington boots. :Forfashonale romnad notto e eualed,for tenderfeet veryde-- strbl, avjigo rot r idesems teydo not creak audmay he ANE,LEFT-OFF CLOTHES.-Ains WOOD) i WAilTof ladies',gentUemen'e,and childron'siLEFT-Olri' APPAMEL, of every desrItion, in large or -mal quantities. liies W. has remove frm2,Reget-tret to 52, where all lettesS t- must be addressed. WAINTED to PURCHASE . LADIES' G-entle- mten's, ancl Children's IEFT-OFF IVEARIIgG XPPAREL of every description, which will beopaidfor in cash, and a good price given. Ladies and gentlemen waited ousat any time or distance by addressingto Mfx. and hmrs MOISTERt, 9, lied Lion-street. Holboon, VT ton.-adie orgentlemnwl eaidontaytmeo disane,an hveth hghstprice gien for LF-F LT of lldesritios,by ddessngto M. or Mrs. G. HYAMS, clpthlcu, It,Tylr-sree, Bgen-steet litabiah o.3 yesars. ed8eas iIANTED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHE)S,. for exors-rl~ tV ion.goo or' inferio oodto. fr. AndMs JOHN GentAeLe.. aolndCialclthenrs,19ao30 SMektr inand, oppositSoeet-bond o, eontdnesgivto,icuing th hghst priein, Cas.o Ladies'wentled ILAeU's, and Childen' i 0 etr address ohmDY tth irr,5 ped aouaboveokanyet dayoridistanerrmos pyentally tonedto EtablibeIShyedrs 4Ser IITATED,LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, for exports- TV cm tio r- liberalcrice tiven, incs,fo LA-DIES'o GENTLAiems'e ande o Childen' iERN PPRLn any quantitye rcnii Mi aundt4 oftever description, reinecluinesls, linen,a or. isadiesb waieonAl letteradeedt r. streeBDt. mbide-terace.Hye-park:etabln. tbished ISyers W~AN-TED, LEFT-OFF CLOTHES, forexporta- TT tion-Mrand Mrs. HAT still Cotinehiat the jie hihe mst abov fo sae, n ay quntiiesor ondtion wipoe ucuf l w aiteeuda Gna thir esiencs, nyay r dstace,by etter addressed to M1r. o or Mm,Hart1 3 N ewcasTl, e-srentrand Exsctablishedo1801. iLamAnfTrmd,ha LAET-YOFF CL~oTHE3 fo exotisVTctione-er dvaurs. bagY reucevdistrutios to Pesr.URdCHASE of 5 ltrgeqand,bgtot aof ln ladiOF Nes R MAI L and getee htt ey rye h mea scleaprice, in poeaah, for everyin desriptheoCn of LEm-O! Hp,aclfor~ whdiches or gentloiemedaigayo h bv to dieatrtmepispe. oftawillbea pwars tually waitteedos therro dne.ylterb drse oE,o SUI TE. of, who alenclthes FURNITUREn oDpver Tin icg' blanin gre UtroiH TlEt.NOBILITY, atGentry, Executdor's, aridoktertr TiIRST-CLASS FURNITU-RE, Ca%~Bdig to-Gratis an ILLVTRATE) CA~AIOGUE,containin tie,, nose Allwho stuy ,cnoywih lgac ana Bddapy o ints CATherGpErs,lyrb post,nin beforey20 makigng and purichaes, o00 paieoe ric lirusselsgn carp net atndls pbGd. er yafrd,lst rear's~ pattern: ayC d pice cor-ead,Londn:etablhische 16y oeardet. n pw re,o application. The exesve well manufsctured stocl: cannot be excelled forcheapness Coun2tryVorderscaiau efree.---I,EWIN CRAWCOURt and Co.. cabinet manufacturers, to-, 7, Queen'e-huildinge KnighLtsbridge, seven doors wvest of Sloane-street. 17IXTRAORDINTARY display of SECOND-HAND _22J FURNITURE,covering aspace o more than 60,000 squA7-s feet. -J. DEN'T and Co., proprietors of the e;rest Western Fzunitrore 3araa 30 1. 32, and 99, Crawford-street, Raker-street5 bec most re~ tny to invite the attention of purchwasr of any aeweription of1 MLT'E to their at present unrivalled stock, consIstin Of go-. tire suitea of drawing dlining and bed room fuLrnituare,sannftcture& by the best houses in-jondon, which they have recentlyprchasedfrom seyeral nobl~e an eteelaignln unersch clrcmmstances aseabl them to offer any portioni at less than one-third of it& original ost, Every artlelewrra6nte,a&ndthe money returned if noo approved of. Prmncipalentrance.12.Crwford-street. Baker.etreet. A GREEN and Co.,, abinetmakers and upholsterer;s aZ%- 25, Balker-street. beg to invite the attention of their friends and. the publicngenerally to their well-assor'ted STOCK of every descriptiom of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURtE, now one Of the most extensive in. London, Eeteg the manufacturerg, they are enabled to offer AdantPae (by combining quality in workmnanshi with economy in cDstj rarely to be met'with. A. G. and Co. have ai,ays on hand a choicea e-lection of Eoglish chintres, silks and otherslaruasha, and alithe noveL and Most approved textile productions of Lyonus, Amlecs, and Paris. oniy reenising inspection to convincethe most sceptical that their system of business enables thema to unite the two essentalxs_quaity andt cheapness-A. Green and Co., 2-5, Baker-street. WANTED. t-o PUR CHASE, HO-USEHOL1) kc,nagosmall qttantitims H1ouseholdfmurtnitreand goode ot a
S ATLS BY A-UCTION. .~~~~~~~~~~~~~~1 To Grocers, Teadealers, and otherm.-Valnable Lease, and poassession. of first-rate Premises, Fixtures, UtensilStSck m Trade, and Household Iurniture, for absolute sale by order of the Trmstee of Win. Davis, IA Bradley-terrace, Waairrorth-road. . /JIR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUOTION WY t a6above. on Mndaynext, May 5, at 12, the valuable LEASE of the above PREMISES, admirably adapted for a profitable readymoneybusnesm, The premises areheld at only ;MS per anutnm, and a large sum has been recently expended on them. Also, in loa, all the modern fixtures, fittings, utensils, and stock in trade, vith the substantialhonseholdfumriture and eflects. On view. CataloguesoDthepremises, or at Mr. Peter Broad's city auction and valiuition 6flices. 23, Poultry. - Westbourne-grove, Bayswvater.-Genuine Modern Furniture. I:GOO1AIAN will SELL by AUCTION1, on the 1M heneiao,No. 57, Westbourne-grove, on Tuesday. May 6. at 1 o'clock precisely. ths modern HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and EFFECTS, comprising a drawing oom suite in walnut andTomewood. 6Qoctaye cottage pianoforte in rosewood case, chimney glas3e6, engravings, &c. The dininm and bed room furniture includes a set of mahogany dining tables, and ebairs covered in satin hair cloth,sideboard,. carpets, iron. French, and other bofisteads, with furnitures and clean bedding, dreadoingl6asses, muarble-top and o'her washtands and tables, linen, plated articles, china, glass, and numerous other usehul items. hlay be viewved the day prir and morning of sale, and catalogues had on the premises; and at tGoodman's auction and estae agency of fices, 2, Bishop's-rod, Baysv.ater. To Confectioners and others-In Bantruptcy.-Re Thompass. Croy- don.-Stock. Fixture%,Utenslls, Horses,Crt4 Furniture, and Effects. with Beneficial Lease and the old-established Busines.. 1AR. PETER BROAD willSELL by AU(TION, 1V Q the Premises, by order of the Assignees, on XoSiday. hTay 12. at 12, (unless previously digposed of byplriv-ate contractJ) thle slibs tantial HOUSEH1OLD FURNITUURE of the ordinary description ;,the StockL in Trade coDmprising confectionary, gums, essential oils, chocolate, cocoa, yams, marmalade, candied peel &c.; the Fixtures os6d Piant, incleding coppers, preserving pans, lozenge and drop mouls. mahogany counters, nests of dr3awers, and the usual shop fittngs: ;tjo hoie~ thre tltd crla srin va. arnss,so sarios.effct: and at 'ced the Beneftical Lease ofthlae-uPcremises,n wfiththe Goodwill orthe Business, M3ay be viewoed, Cataogues on the premrfises; of Chas. Welhomne, sq., solicitor, 17, Duke-stree.t, I,ondon-bridge; and of the ano tioneer. 28, Poultry. : FourDays' Sale of CabtxetFurniture, Carpets, RPugs, FendJrs Trim- mings, and Effects.-No. 25, London-street, Gree4wich.-To Prlivate amiles, Cabinetmakers, Upholsterers, Brokers, and othbrt. ti B. TOWNSEI]) will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises as above, on Tuesday, Wednesdav, Thut.day. and Friday, May 6th, 7th. 8th. and 9th. at 12 precisely. ont accouut of the number of lots, the valuable STOCS of modern CBAL'ET. oFURNtTUlE, twvo pLianofortes, several valuable oil paintings and e45ravings, about 2,500Oyards of carnets. druggeis, felts, oilcloth;, and mattings, rugs, and mats,fenders, fire-Irons, m3hiogany and brass jioliss, rings. ends,and fittings, damasks, gimps, cords, ever; descriptsorj of trim- cat3logues had on tqher prcry3emises;at nthneprinrDedipal i3nnsai tehve deighborhood; and of MXr. Townsend. anctiouneer, valuer, and -undertaker, N'elson-strect, Greenwich, and Gadi's-bill, Rgent. x ; Ave Maria-lane, Ludgate-hilL--Household Farnilture, Trado Fixtures, and remaining Stock of a Stationer. c -PHILLIPS and SOND are instructed by thbo Adrai- a nistrators of the late Mr. Henry Bird to SELL by AUCTION. on the Premises, S. Ave 3Iaria-lane, onTuesday, May 6. at 12. EFFECTS. comprising household furniture of the usual deserlption for 7jedrooms, dining roonls, and parlour, about 100 vots. of books, paintings, platel articles, and kitchen requiisites; counters, office fixtures,- powerful presses, rnling machine, bookbtudsra' teols,eighingmachine. coloured deniy and royal. bag cap. marble paper. foolsc31p.cartridge and blottinmibihoard, CardbOard, bool;binders' cloth, twine, &. May hbe viewed thdalbe, s. olicitor. sltiscA,Rg Arms-yarYd.Moorgate-street; and of the auctioneers, 1, Atrtillery-pllace, rlusbury-square. Yialthamstow, Essex.-Houschold Furnitiur, Chiha, Glas, Linen, and Onc'door Effects. 1t I. MARSH has received instructions to SELL by Ll- AUCTION, on the Premises, Marsh-street, Walthamstoww. on Thursday next, May & atllfor 12,without reserve,themodern HOUSEHOL]D FUR=NITURE and EFFECTS ; comlsriring mahogany Ar3abian, four-post, and otber bedsteads and bangings, wool and hair mattresses, capital bcds and bedding, chests of drawers, marb!e-top washstands. tdlet tables and glasses, shower bsth, and the Usual bed chamber appendages, a drawving room suits in rosewood, consisting of centre table, couch, easy anclother chairs, cheffonier, a 6 octave cabinet pianoforte in rosewood case, Brussels carpets, ac., two sets of dinlig tables, couch, sideboard, chimney-glasses, curtains, ferders and fire irons, &c., chins and glass, bed and table linen, a green t.lking parrot, kitchen requisites, garden rolier and implements, gjreenhouse plents, 17 heabd of poultry, and out-door effrects, Mlay be viewved the day prioraud mnorning of sale, and cataogues obtisiudat thekesidenlce; at themins at WEaitlisastow: Of A. . Hewitt, Esq., 6, Niicholaslane, dc;; and at Mr. 3arsh'e offces, 2, Char>lotte-row, Mansion-honse. Pictures and Water-colour Drawings of the firt class. 1,JfSSRS. FOSTER and SON are directedtp SELL 1LL by AUCTION, at the Gallery, 54, Pall-mall, on Monday and Tuesday. 5th and 6th May. at 1 preciselv each day. a cboice and valuable COLLECTION of WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS and PICTUBES of the English school, slected with much judgment and Ztnt i3sMDWIr Of art by an amateur, resitddent in the north, The wig,h ill bB sold oni Monday, 18th of May, inrlude high quality specimens of- Barrett Goodall, A.B.A. Pickersdll, A.R.A. Cattermole Evans David Roberts, R.A, D. Cox Frank Stone,ARB.A. FrederickTaJlor CAboott Stanfield. P,A. Muller Chaloi Chambers Henry WVlliasni Coriould Poole, A-A. Eedgrave. B!A Callow Chas Ladser, A B A Sir V. Wilki Chri5tad D. MacliZe, .A. SohnlILnaell- Frost, A-B.A. Turner, RA, J. D. Harding, The picturee wil be sold on Tuesday. May 6, incioding an-uomtant Work by.Cresw-ck, P.A., exhibited at the Boyal Acafiemy, iSMA; seeral by Etty, B-A and Danby A.1LA. - a l.rge and valuable example, an English iHomestead, by Crome.e fromn Mr. Carpenter'& collection; the lare Work by Siothaxd,from the Decamerone; and truly fine pictures by-- - Herbert, BA. Frith. BA. Leslie. LA. La3nce 8. Cooper,A,B,, Cancott, R.A_ MIuler Webster. E,A. SifC. Eastlake,FBA. kAd of many other distinguished masters of the British schooL May be publicly viewed. Isle of lFight.-Delightful Marine Pesidence, on -the coast, mii y betreen the towns of Ryde:and Newport. and embraiDg mostenchanting viewvs of the Hampshire andisland coasta, Spithead, and the Motherbank: itbhasbeenbuilt within thelast fivo yearsmandis replete vith every convenience.-By Mr. FRANCIS PITTIS. at the Pier Hotel, in Ryde, on Thursday, My 15. at 3 in the- aftemoon, lunlers previously disposedof by private contract, of Which due notice will be given, ) desirable PropertY, kmown as Woodside, situate on the beautiful estate of B. S. Holford, Esq., in the Isle of Wight. and commanding most lovely and unequaUed view. The comfortble reeldenoe, in the 8wss style of architecture, is Te substantially built of stoe, and eoprs a cOrridor leadiug to hall, wlth dome light: a very handsome drawing room, 30( feet by 1S feet, and 15 feet high; a d rningom of the same EiZe. libsAry 20 feet by it feet 6, four principal bed rooms and two dresaing rooms-all spacious, and 5feetbhigh; three rooms for maid-servants, stor-room. housemad's closet, &c. Onthe basement, servants' hall, footman's sleepteg room, houseeooper's room. wine and beer cellars, butler'se ntry and sleepmg room, capital kitchen, sullery. larder, and out-ices. The principal sitting rooms have French wvindows of plate-glass opening to the awn; three stables for seren horses and a loose bor, three serants' rooms over same. also hay and orn lofts, harner room, crriagehouse, and gardeners house; a miniature farm-yard, comprising stable for two horses, with loft over, cart and fodder sheds, smallbamn, fowlhouses, piggery, kc.; an ornamental entrance lodge, containing five rooms; 11 acres of land, part of which is disposed in ornamental partecres and pleasure grounds, sloping g&adualy totheseo. a caPitat kitchen garden, with lofty wlaUs covered with ioe tiecs, and abounding in espliers of the choioest Ports; also a neat and well-placed consertos1. The pleasure gmounds are skirted by beautiful woodaand slope to the sea, where there is a lbthing-house and landing-place. and the viewns are meetliely and enchanting. It is easily approached, being only four miles distant fromu 31de. The excellent dutaiturs may be takens at avaluation if required The propesty is lesachold for a term of nearlyL00rears at aground rent. For particulars anl car to iew apply to era Tatham. Ttham, Upton, and ,o O, Anaifrias., London: Msrs. Pembertou andf MWeynell, 20, phitehuall plce; to F, Blake, EsIo., solcitor. Naewport; st to r. PS sncia Pittis, anesiotneer. ewport slelcof Wigh
