DEATHS. On tire 2Sth of March, on board the Planstagenet, on hi, ~fro Cldaey-,N. S.Wi. to ondon, Samuel seauchamp, a.,o34,oof Clay-biI Ttenhamo. On the 12th June. at Dolosbsagey, Msand of Ceylon, John SpottiSwrode Robeetson, Esq., of Hillside, aged 32 years, eldest surviving son of MIllama Robertson. Esi., lately one of the Depute Keepiers of the Becords of Scotland. He an killed by an e1ephantwhilo hunting in the Penylan jungle. * On Monday, the 21st silt., Adelaide Anne, the elder datughter of WillCaiChance, Raq., Chad-road, Edhgaston, Biringham. soOn the 259th it.. much respected, aged 24, r. Wim. Hy. Moore, only son of Mr. WS6 thoore, of Horsemonger-Iae Prison. ' On the 26th ult. at 3romiton, Anne, widow of Captain J. G. LAwrence, of the 24th reng Native Ifantry, second daughter of yer. Mathew, of the Royal Victoria Hotel, Llaneris. -3On the 27th ult.. at 61. Rupert-street, $S. James's, Mary, widow of the late Mr. George Wilera u Coey Gresory, in the 6Gth year of her ayge. G On the 2 Sth lti., at Al rton. SohnssC Thoma ing, Raznq, formerly of Lewes, wliettr, end formuy years of the Hou.Corps OfaGentlemeant-Arns, aged 64. * On the 29th ult., at the Grove, Lyngatte on, aged 82, Janes William aUin R. o w vSandhFll Lodge, Fredingbridge, Hano,fefr many yeamr on themJtsoftthe Peacefor the bybove a hdneh ring ounty of Dorset. On the 29t uIt.. at Kennington, the Ite,. John Blslopp, iLA., in the 77th year of his age. On the 2th uitl, suddenly, at Blen Rhydding, Yorshie, Hele eldest daught-er of the late Alexander Allan, Esq., of Hillsde. Onx the 25th silt., at A6 Wilmington-squam-, Fanny fRamilton, the wife of SIr. G. H. Lawrence, in her lId year. On the 29th ult., in West Pallant, Chichester, John Aitree Fuller, Rag., in bisa 69th year, formerlyof Ifewick, Sussex, On the 19thL ult.. bmrs Ann Page Fitzsvllinm, widow of the late Cxesar Page Fitzwilllam, Rag., of Versailles, aged 90. OsiToesday, the 29th uilt., MLr. Johni Clark,. of BrIxton.hill, late of Graveseudi, aged 40 years On the 39th clt.. Emily, relict of the late John Treuersy, Rsq., of 6, Gonnvenor-place, Camberwell New-read. On the 31et nit., at Coibam Homse, Hillingdon, George Daniel], Esq., late of Edward-street, Portman-square, aged 55. On the 31st sult., at Boulcene-sur-Mer, France, alter a few days' ill ntesr, aged 10 years, Thomas James Hesndersgon, eldest son of CaptainThomas Henderson, R.R_ On the 31et uilt., at 11 Clsremsont-place, New-roan, aged 67, ElIzabeth widow of the late W'iffiam Armstrong, EzO. On the 31st uilt., at his residence, at Waltort-oa-the-Xazp, Emex, Leonard Foaker, Esq., aged 68. Ont the 1sn inst., at 88. Pieccailhly, after protracted mlnes, Katherine, the-beloved wife of John Salmon. On the Ixt test., at 23, Parkc-terrace, Klug'e.roAd Chelsea, M1r. Themas Steed, aged 621, very much respected and deeply lamented by all trILe knew him. On the Ist Inst., at- Slenham. aged 63, Maria, the beloved wife Of Thomsta Pioock, o0 dScru%brk410rdge-road, closing a happy union in this life of muoro than -13 Ystnr, deeply lamented by her family. On the Ist last. nt hlr rrdsue, I, Pembdldge VIllas, Bayswater, Willism, Wyirrow, GSq, a-e &I'h ye'ar of iris age On the lst test. at Ilaysuater, Frederick Bourne, aged a years, third on of John Taylfor, Eq., surgeon, after ani mess301three years
- I - f ,HEBJISTAY'7 !PHEA TL- - 7 Saturday night; the lat 6ftlio s nbscription, p arfctly reflected the enthuaiam with: which the seison comimenced Notwithstanding the -oppressive heat oe the weather, every part of the honse WAs closely Tacked, and Mademoisell' Piccoloniini, at tho end of La Trcri.ta, was thrice called to be pelted Witli bouque;s. -:It 'aa really,& marvel. lous sight that quantity of flor,lgifts fluig' from a1 direc tions-some safely reaching tho place of their destination, others bursting into a thousand fragments, aiid defjiig the young idol to collect together the whole of her treasure She never sang better than - on Saturday; her execution wa i faullless, and into tho last ssene she 'infusedl that peculiar intensity of expression 'in which she is without a rival, and which especially- stamps her as the vocalisi of emotion as dLinguished from the vowdiitatheb ibstrat. 'lh-erecould not have been a greater triumph 6ai histrionio singiing.' The ceremony of smotheringbzademoisele l?.ciolomini with flowers hasiing been duly .performed, with -shouts o£ delight on ene side and thenmost gracious smiles o:n tha other,theNationslAnthem waaexcuited. LtRiXchArdt Belletti7 and- traham sang the' first verse, Mademoiselle PBiccolbmini'sbo*ed heSrpowvers of atticulation in'the-seconn4(a solo), an;d the thira was sung by Xademolsele Piccolo mini, Madsemoiselle noli,: Ca3i0lari, and AL Beneventino.i Thus aU the company now sir london were ranzged before the audience. Mademoiselle Fincli was a new figare to the 7zibztsl. Hfer' appearance is most prepossessimg, her voics seehrs of txcellent qualityj and. report. aady ,sealiof The season just over has indeed been short, for it did not begin tiU May, and'n6w we aLre only just ont of July, buit it ihs been blessed 'withthhose qualifieatibnswhich, applied to Royalty, excite the. especial. enthusiasm of -Bacchznalian 'bards. ."A'short reigns and'amerryone" has everbeeax most poetical brevity, and'surely a short season and- merry one is entitled to a similar amount of favour-,,-ierriminest it the oese of seasons being taken as an equivalent for pro- When -fist tho theatre 'reopened in Mlay everybodv hurried to revive his meemory of the -"old institution."' For two, or three weary yeas there had'been a strong 'feeling, that the fine theatical edifice in he 'corner of the Haymarket eughti net to remain for I ever in its dismal shut np'condition. The house -was uneiceptionable," the ste, as a focus for aristocratic gatheri was not to be, watched, and sO lon as ths ' known doors 'were kept close in . the height of the season one could not help thinkin- there'ivassomething wrong in the aspect of themetropolis. Hence,'whenth long-locked portals were thewn -o,pen it was a natural consequence that the public rushed into boxes, stalls, pit, and gallery, just as air rushes into a vacuum. The delightful singing of Madalwe 'Alboni in Ccnreintote and the successful c6teb of four new danscsucs caused an audience that had come to bo pleased to depart in high satisfaction. The season had started Well. How. ever, old institutions with all their age upon them will not always coimmand enduring respect, and the fact that the herald's tabard; venerable and rnedieval as'it' is* does not necessarily occasion universal idolatry must be fresh in the mind of many of our readers. An old institution may, like an old joke; prove to bea horrid bore. But in the case of Her -Vajesty's The'tre .the affection for the old institution was still in fall glow when a new phenomenon appeared in the presence of MidemolsellePiccolomini. The composition 2nwiuich she: made' her dbfibst was little worth, and the libretto with whichit wa connected was almost repulsive from the physical and phtbisical nature of 'the woes 'vhich it illustrated. This did not matter a jot. The appearance of a young, fresh talent, adorned with innate grace, and free from everything like convention, at once vanquished every heart. without an effort on the part of' the fair'v iarx. :Wo 'vocal actress ever succeeded, more perfectly in~ making her, song go to the hearts of her hearers than ademoiselle Piccolomaini. The song belonged not only to the voice,, but to the face, to the manner, to the gesticulation. The little artist dashed off -her reckless champagne-lyric, and aoccupnts of the stalls wagged their heads in accordance wlit the time; she gave a heart.- broken shriek when parting from her lover, and, lo ! the hearts of forty old hartucis were rent in twain * she coughed herself to death before their eyes, and nothing was so fasinating as the last agony. "Como in aniddie, Ralph I" says the old citizen's wife in Beauniont and Fletcher's njiiit o f the Burning Peatle, when she wiants to see the apprentice act the closiDg scene of a tragedy. " Come in and die, Pic. coloinTwasthe mentalejac ationof many astahchbitus but it -was that he might revive her with potent lunigs and a 'ponderous bouquet. Never was so complete a sympathy established between artist and audience. We could speak very strongly on the subject of this same Traoriatab,ut in some cases figures of speechmust succumb to figures of arithmetic; and it can, we believe, be proved by statistical returns that this particular opera, thank- to M'ademoiselle Piccolomini, has been played for a greater number of nights than any other mnodern work within the same period. La Piflia del Begginiento followed La Traaviata, end was succeeded in its turn by Don Paqasole, and stiRl the Piceolomiii sentiment went on augmenting. Those who had seen her laugh for a very little while in Verdi's lugubrious pro. duction loved to see her smile more permanently as the playful Maria or the arch Norina; and all the terms of praise that were invented for her special account had in them something of affection.' She was called the "lpet of tihe publiec," the "spoilt child," and the "caoa baembina;" and, like a little despot, she ruled the entire season. The dloflt of Mademoiselle Wagner as Romeo in I Montecchiicdi Ca(,utetiw was another grand event. The lady had caused such a deal of talk that everybody was anxious to see ler, and when she first came forward, vith her noddin? plume and glittering armour, great was the effect producea bVy the largeness of her acting and the power and compass of her voice. But still we must consider that MademoiseLle Wagner rather gave evidence of her genius than thoroughly exhibited it inthe course of the present season, and certainly she never became so prominent a figure in the minds of the habiN6ul3 as the younger debutante. The reopening of Her Majesty's Theatre would not have bean complete without the revival of ballet on that large scale which used to delight the patrons of former times. Not only, therefore, did Mademoiselle MarieTa-lionicomingasan addition to the four younger danscuses, raise the'direraiisscaienta to a high degree of' brilliancy, but Le Corsairc, the great Terpsihorean novelty of Pauis, w;as brought out with the same prc1nzfsbe and the ensue scenic effects that had .caused sueh a lasting impres.ion in Paris. The graces of Rosati and the grandeur of the concluding'tablau must still be fresh ini the minds of all vho wiitnessed thern. To note the lustre of the season iu terms composed of its brightest elements, we should set down in chronological order the names of Alboni, Piccolomini, Wagner, and Rosati; but it would be wrong to pass over such excellent and well established artists as I B.- Beletti, Peichardt, and Calzolari, the favourable impression left by. Iadame Albertini, the respectable performance of hIL Beneventauno the highly ~creditable d.blt of M. Rossi, and the universat esteem gained by the conductor, .)L Bonetti. In fact, the whole season has been a "lucky"' season in the fullest sense of the vword. No accident arose to hinder the promises of the programme from being fulfilled to the letter, nor did any intrusive sore throat or sprained aucle ever cause the programme of the evening to be changed. August found that the promises of May wore true, and each night showed that the announcement of the morning was correct. On the " extra nights," 'which will commence to-morrow (Tuesday), Mademoiselle Piccolomini will go once more through lier series of characters, and when these are over the nublic will be left to speculate on the 'fortunes of AL Giabigni, the celebrated tenor, whose engagement for the season of 1857 is already announced,.in addition to that of the present favourite artists.
BOYAL ITALIMAZ OPRPA. The tenth season of the Rloyal Italian Opera came to a termination on Saturday night with a very fine performance of Donizetti's Favorita, the principal characters being sues tained, as before, by hMadamo Grsi, Signors 'ario, Graziani, Soldi,.and Zelger. The opera was followed by "God save the QCueen," in which the solo verses were de-' liveredwith great warmth and earnestness of manner -by Madame Grisi. There was a crowded and fashionaeole st - tendance. - This season has been the biiefest on record, hut, as our readers are aware, there were reasons for its brevity. On the morning of the 5th of March Covent-garden Theatre, till then the home of the Royal Italian Opera, was nearly destroyed by a conflagration, the circumstances connected with which, and the controversies ta which they gave rise,' it isunnecessary to recall. The scenery, costumes, arnd properties, the scores of operas and theparts for the orchestra-aU were lost in the flames. Thus in a few hours the work of nine yearss was demolished; the cumbrous and expensive mitse en scenc of between 40 and 50 operas -was now repre-i sented by heaps of dust and ashes. The engagements and requisite preliminaries' for the forthcoming campaign had been completed, and the theatre wvas to have opened on the' 15th of Aiarch. Such a terrbibe calamity was enough to drive into despair a man of more than common nervej But it failed to discourage Mr. Gye, who, as the sequel showed, was equal to his misfortune. True he encountered sympathy on every side, and in a quarter, -too, where it wasI most needed. The destruction of Covent-garden Theatre had; released the company of singers and.playersfrom their obli- gations; and they were free to carry their servies to ann? other establishment in Europe it might please thein to select. Moreover, had the case been otherwise, M£r. Gye could not possiblyhave fulfilled his stipulations to the letter. It is, then, much to their credit:that a. simple-application ehould have induced one and all of theml to modify terms so as to suit the -emergency, and maInaimouslyzdhere to the fortunes of their burnt-out cirector. One month b Afti the catastrophetho annual prospectus. of the Royal Italians Opera wav issued, and ten days later, on the 15th of. April, to the suiprise of alargenmajorityof themusicalpubliEc, who were not nnnatumally increduoGs, the season began at .the Iyceum Theatre-which had been tastefully dceorated for the occasion-w7ith a capital perform%nce of Verdi's onera . Troratore, i tpresence of Herieety the Qaeen.. It will not be expected, nderthe circumstances, tat the observations we have to make can occupy the space hitherto * devoted to our yearly retrospect. Tlhe programe was'inevitably a modest one, .including chiedy the names ot faniliar works, dispensing altogetler with the rand-and costly operas by Meyerbeer and the French school of lyrio melodrama, and only lolding out the nronisa of a- sinte hovelt;. But, on the other hand, it. must be hcne"i nnnd that everything bead .v be done afresh, anid th~i the productioni of eaeh suceessive open ra otled the united and unreniittag labour of scene-painters coaiumniem, decorator, machinist, man music=-copyist It wiw then am, wonded 1bAt so many oE: thi w,orkis 'anionneed were actuallypreaerted; - and on this heidie think subscribers. have no very strwin ,ccuse for -ompi r t -Out- D *- it of 17, 10 were fort& eo'mink-"z- I 2:zSort S420,-It Se2'saators, R Barqi- d r .Sitlglik, TI .'uritani,-2 Arnna, Dan Giovann4i VF'l.!d'WA6ocr, l.ucrezia3 :B 2r,-igolefto,-and La Farorit_ll of which were pliced upon the stage in a style of eleg,pce amd completeness the more 5raisesworthy when the peculiadifficulties of the situitioi are considered. The other sevea savertised in the prospectus, though not performed,were z Ga=a Ladra,Otedlo, BM2tfrimonio &9erdo, Lucin di Laai fncmrzoriF*Zdio,DonPas-ttii,adLaTrriiWa-the:neo- vetyUudeaethfnon-apErAnceofwhichmybeaounte i for byour reaiders 'withouit the help of any extraordinary degree of priestration. Uinder ordinary conditions the dis.- creparcy between promise: and- performance here aaeea would have,calledfor ieprahension; but -we re incurd t believe that the patrons of the theatre-the public in short. whose interests, and not those of mianagers or artsts, it i, our d,ty to advocate-wo1ld deprecate the application.0o severe censure to an establshment which, justly famed foliberal management in better days, had endeavoured tosnakic head in the best manner it could against a deplorable stroke of rn-luck . When Covent-garden shall rise;- like the plicenix, from its ashes-if! that consmmation is evrrto bh realized--or when liz. Gye invites his supporters to the llnew Ooera-house," 6, lo sg talked-of. and even mentioned in the prospectus of the ,,resent season, it sii bethe proper txnie, tf5,cunousanu exacting. Just now we should be a littl&>charitable; , If- sevin out of 17 operae' ;were stponed until' a noz favourable occasion, one onlywas-nssingfromn the promised list, ofaits. w-ate,nevertheless, was almost equal to seven o ordisiina-.weight;'re suean Iablache. " v' e Lablache2" might form theppropriate burden of a covatina; so oftenshas the question been Wsed during the last -three months within the precincts of theRoyal Italiin Opera; Iablache,' hoivever, kibe the rest of us, rnust submit to his sbhre of the iDs that flesh- is heir to; and if we -have been rightly vnformcd the great basso has been sufferng from a malady which deprived him for a time of the aiie of his legs, and rendered a season 6f. repose absolutely indispensable. That he maysoonbe onhisfeet aeam is the genuine lash of.every lover of Itlian Opera. In this dearth of great talents such aenan can ill be spared. On the whole, a reconsidiration of the efforts of the principal singers during this short and -by no.means uninteresting campaign is accom panied by reflections in-txhe highest degree satisfactory.- Their devotiontothe theatre was not merely evinced in the sacrifice of a part of their -emolmments, but in the -manifesiation of unusual industry aid. zeal Thus, while we have no newr fact upon which to d tell,no nlea opera, successful or unsuccessful, to refer to it IS at leasb pleasant to be able to bestow a few words of well-merited compliment upDn artistsewho, having long enjoyed public favour to the, fullest extent% never perhaps before proved themselves sc. entirely worthy of it. Without being invidious, we may at once name Signor Mario as an honourable instance. Mario's singing this year hasu surprised and delighted subscribers ailmost in an equal measure. His first appearance-when his voice failed him after-the prologue of Lucrezim Bogiaj,and dispelled the expectations raised by his exqusite. delivery of "1 Di pescatore - ignobile "--was ominous - of, future disasters. Bat thoomen proved deludve; from that night to the end of the season xario was never once found wanting. As the'Barbiere, I tagoktto, and the 'arorifa were alternately zroduced, be sng better and better, maintaining besides his reputation as one of the most consanm - mate actors thatItsly has-sent to En"land. Ile further did good servicein assumini the -part of Manrico, when, after the departure for RioZ aneiro of the popular Signor Tamberlik, at an early part of the season, it Troratorc, bat for Mario, must have been vwithdrawn from the biLs-to the detriment of the treasury. Of this impersonation we need not recapitulate our opinion^; Manrico has been universally .pronounced oae of Ins most admirable performances. We must not separate from Mario the ever eager and indomitable Grisi, who came out as Norma with renewed energv and vigour, appeared frequently as Leonora (La Parorita) and Lucre;riaBorgia, in both of hirvch she is still incomparable, andresumedher famous part of Elvira (I.Puritani) with eminent success. It i-as a pity that tothese could not have been added Semiramnide, Deademona, and AnnaBolenasince, as was hinted last year. to conEne her eternally to "the sickle, the cloister, and the cun of poison," is as unkid to Grisi as it is unfair to her adimirers. It is scarcelypolite, and, indeed, not exactly just, to alulde to the continued " improveneut" of Madame Bosio, who at the present time is neither more nor less than one of the most accomplished vocalists living, second alone in the execation of florid music of the Italian school to Alboni,-and enjoyingat the same time the evident advantage of asoprano voice-wrnch is queen to the regal tenor. Nevertheless, Madame Bosio .iss improved since last season, and the mere fact that she is always progressing leads to the conviction that she is always studying-a practice from wlhich no honest counsellor would endeavour to dissuade her. Madame Ecsio has sUng this season with unvarying success in six operas-.Rigoleeto (Gilda), the Barbiere (Resins), Donz Giora7nnf (Zerlina), the Corste Ory (Countess), the Riisir (Adina), and ni Trovatoe-e The part of Leonora in the lsst--Verdi's best-was allotted to her after the enpiration of M3adame Jenny liey's engzagement. - That Madfame Bosio would execute the music brilliantly no one doubted for a noment; but few anticipated that in the dramatie realization she was not merely to eqo but to e-lipse her.Teutonic predecessor. The passingilusion to Don Giovanni brings Signor Ilonconi to mind, and while we finano reason to change our opinion of his unfitness for the represent-ation of' Mozart's profligate hero we have only to record his legitimate triumph in every otner character he attempted. A bare catalogue of his assumptions wi3l suffice to conjure up their surpassinig merit to the minds of those among our readers who are in the habit of <attending the Italizn Opera: -R5g letto, Figaro, Dnule Alphonso, Dulcamara. Extremes meet here, and no mistake; but Ronconi's aptitude to represent high tragedy and low comedy, or fare, -with equal felicity, is notorious, and a proof of the-versatility of his genius, In the prosperous season of 1855 Ronconi did not join the company of the RoylItalian Opera; his appearance in a time of uncertainty and gloom was therefore the more propitious, and happily-illustrated the adage of " A friend in need." Signor Gardonm, an escellent artist, and a favourite in the bargain, has proved himself this year estremely useful, since, in addition to his admired performance in thte Con's Ory, be lightened the resporsibiLities of Signor Tario by assuming with great talent thalt gentleman's favourite part3 of Arturo in the Pue-jtani, and -atoned for the loss of Signor Tamberlik bym dertaingthat of Don Ottavio, in wvhich he acquitted himself scarcely less to the satisfaction of subscribers. Signor Graziani, the barytone, confirmedthe goodcimpressien produced last season, and his beautiful voice always conferredpleasure in the air, "Ilbalen." of the Tr-oratore, and the romance of the Elug of Castille, -"A. tanto nmor," in La- F,noi-iIr. Madame Xantier Dieidee by the united force of ability and perseverance has rendered herself invaluable to this establishment, and so won upon the good graces of the public that it soolbs dangerofs to think of replacing her by any other contraito. Her performances ass Ragonda in the Cemle Ory, oragdalen in RieletIo, ero., need only to be mentioned; butherhighly successful portraiture of the Gipsy Aoucena brought her at once inecontact with the Visrdots and Albonis, and matedially enhanced her reputaition as an artist of h iher pretensons. Madame Didi6e, although she has acquired great professional experience, has, moreover, the sdnent -advantage of being young; a flattering prospact therefore lies before eiar. Mademoiselle srai. a cAmpsaimeraies "n,o lrigne,"tadmirablemin Adalgisahand characters still more difoicult frTh m ap muasic point of view -like Isoliero, the page in the Conbc Ory-is also quite equalto undrtake "irt businss" on anemergency, ith credit to herself and satisfaction to the audience. Thois was placed beyond a doubt-eu the first night of L'Elisfr d' A 7orc, when, MNadame Bosio being ill, MIademoiselle Mraral played Adina with remaerable talent and success. Sach- a sncanda donnia is precious. The appearances of Herr iFormes owing to sthe operas of cr cyrieer being unavoidably laid aside for a period, have been rare.- is s pOarts fo Oroveso and Baldassare (in w ieha e and tr d waroritn) were transferred-wmhy we are anable to explain -tor h Zclger. The Peutmrii, Don pa ionani, and s adeoierc, if we e are not mistaken, are the only operas in which the German iasso nles sung tcie year. ts Bastito can never fail to stril;e as a characteristi piece of dry humour, while his LeooreUlo forhistrienit conceptionhasyettore surpassed. Of Signora Tagia£co Tand folonini we have o Sny to record what hams been rerorded season aftervseasoninitheanal iceasradi. -whatever these gent.lemen have to do, be it smaU or great, they take the tmost pains if th, anthis, added to their thorough competence, makes their value to the theatre inestimable. In certaln par , too, it is probable that they could not be replaced ithout loss; and among these it is suficient to cite the Cotmendatore and Spawafucst of Signor TgEiafico, the Masetto of Sitnor Polonini. Two new comers Madsmoiselle prosa aevlles and Signor Ntaioaoaldi-wern -both favourably received, but we must hear more than the DonnatAnn of the soprano and the If morino of the tenor to enalle us to judge of their respective mnerits as dlramatic singers. The band and chorus, thoughb reduced to meet the proportions of the Lyceum, have been in no wray less^ effective than. what we have been accustom-sd to at the Royal Italian Opera; bmtothiswss pretta sureto be the ase with Mr. Costa as musical director, and therefore astonished nobody. Besides, there was in these departments a wel-earned repu tation to maintaf-n reputation not to be trHifed with, indeed, on any consideration. The ballet, but for the admirable dancing of Mademoiselle Cer-ito, might be dismissed -with a word. EWthl such a talent at disposal not a single noveltywas produced-the, ballet of Esfu, revived on the opening night of tlie season, retaining its place in the bills to the end, -with- the variation of an occasional direrisscecnten for the clever MIademoiselle Esper. -This-was neither fair to - Mademoiselle Cerito, nor judicious as a matter of policy. There was lL Desplaces to compose a, scenario; Mr. A. Harris to put it in action; Signor Panizzn (composer of i-a), or Mr. Alfred Mellon (condictor of the ballet), to write the music; and one uf the most popular of dunnuses to assume the principal part. We cannot, therefore, i d any excuse for such indifference. The subscribers must have had enough of Eri and to spare -if -not of Ccrito, wrho ws c-orcaplled. mdgra elk, to perform, night after- night;-theself-same evolutions for their entertinment. :-_ - we have reason o believe tbat this short season has boen successful beyond auticipation,and that the concerts at the Palacs'of Crystal, as weRl as tlie performances of- MaK me Ristori-wbich, thocgh tunconee with thesulscrip6on forme parts of theoginal scheme-have done mni to 'help the -manageme t out of' its unforeseen dituittiesm Where the perforces of theRoyal Italian Opera ara destined to be resweed next seaso w are unableX o ixform onr readers ; all we em state with oertainty is t.aat, one or two excepted, the artists have already renewed tieir engaments, and thatthe theatre oftheir next exploi will notbe tbeyvceum. So asr the t>tle; since not eayisit ineon- .Tenently buit, and altogether too confined for the exige*. cies of grn6d operatic perforramsaes, but zeither the srgees on the stag6nor the' performers in 'theb orhestra can be head to-the best aav nutae. Beides, as the interior iGow laid en t, there is no pit, or, which is as bad, in invisible pit a idvwhere there is no pit there is seldol much p -lauso; aud aiplausLe is' at bn6e the artists' reeompupms foz doing well and thir stlmlu *) fesh oiuraQW -
THEATRICAL XO 'A=IESs.-I- l has never bee6 thooght nnfair to apply to the tasto and morals of a people the touchstone of their publie amusements. These formtlie sphere in which a nation is least controlled by circumstances independent of its choice, and in which its real synmpathies and tendencies may be expected most freely to s-how. theniselves. Eovw happens it, if this is t,rue, that the class of 3amusements which ought most vividly to redlect national character, and which at other periods of our social develojpmnent has done so, should be gradually nsaunmsng-among tes here in London a mere e-otic and certainly-more~immoal. tone ? Thle favourite opera of the season has been La li-- viala, the favourite play has been. Risribaiion. The highest soCiety in England has thronged the operahonseaght after night, to see a very young and innocent-looking ady per senate theheroine of an infamous modern French -novel, who varies her prostitution by n frsntid ptassion suddenly conceived for one of her numerous lovers, and is breught np to the modern standard of intense interest by dying of consumption on th'e stage. -If the music had been instinct w;ith genius, soehn iht have boeen said on the score of artistic heasaty, thougla morality would h-r.e barred the appeal. But Verdi's music, which generally descencds belowv his snSl, jests, canSinthiscsse elaimthe ambigc.ous merit of being quite .worthy of the subject. If the attraction was-as no doubt it mainy was-in PiccolonsiuPis grace and pathos, surely ace and pthos are to be found .enywhere rather than in au1saan lorettes ; and we are finally reduced to seek for some at Ieast of the charm in the contrast between theK actress and the part she was called on to sustsin,-just the sort of attraction which the fine genatlemesn of the Carolinie era felt in hearing the broadest indecencies put into the mouthbs of young and prettr womnen inL the-'prwlogus and epilo7ues of the comaedies of that repro bate age. We shonid have thought the production of La Trariec asn outrage on the ladies of rehe aristocracy who support the theatre, i£ they had not -by-- crcwdiag their boxes every night showvn that they did nbt nsotice the underlying vice of the opera Bnt these ladies are net exemlpt from the weakness of slaere.yto fashion. N~o erie of them. Ik;es -to he the ,first to p oenounce authoritatirdy that a thingt is improner, no one echooses tohbe more iirticular or prudish than her neighbour; and so familiarity with evil gradually grows, and the very instinct which wainld inc moat cases warn women- against such exhibitions as these becomes dulled, and ceases soon to retain any vitality. The fashionable world acts like all corporata bodies, and tolerates .ollectively what the majority individually disapproves. The corrective -would be that morality shoufld become oorporate, and that exhibitions under the; irtrona~e of the female aristocracy should be submnitted b'eforehand to o committee of patronesses. If -the -ladies objected to act by thems3elves in so diFucult said deliCats a matter, let a " dower bishop"n ortwo-of whom there will in future bes-an amplIe suapply-h-e added to the eommnittee. *When Vice becomes brazen, -it is time -for Vialtue to call mundane influences to her-aid. -Thenirwhy should that charming little Olympoic-so we £ll mauajed, too, inl mnry important respects-be given up for *hI sleason to the representation of a story which has nothing but- iT,S wrielredness to recommuend it? - It is not true thatmurder and-adultery are the most inteTresting aebjetet of drainitie art, for it-Is not true that the-esons guilty of-these crimxes peeseut the most -interesting contsrasts of ~cbaraetercr the Lmost powerful conflicts of passion. lNothing can be a m6dre vugar prejudice than that vicdous- persona are iess timsoame, - lees aaaonotonons,- thas Wtunous ons - -very violence of the sensations i3 whiiehi Lhey indTlg -takes from them all elasticity and fresbn,e f snindaa, c haracter. They are mnoral dreohrds, stuy2As when-theyr gare rot mad, and disgsting -when- ibeirfhftesre'oI Ethem. 13urely 31r. Wigan's'subtlle sense ofr sbacleaeUof fe would easi3 find better scope mong theinaceinst an aoble divesitieee bsEaatxn tnare the -i pertryira:g the -frenzr ouf wrcenge and the fieod-liko decliberation of hatred- a nd am zEnglish audience at.a tl eaTr.aut 'Ee very nssIik}te insan iEnglish audience at-tha-a owaSresides, or tble same EIglis auldience in teir choice ofiXooiis and picture;J if ec this daeeeaiacl stimuus t. jaded sensibilitiea t- b'orowql from hstsl.eIaua.SihwirmelThiuOuSVcices and Isee the Fhencl their neatoe of potaud ^a matin e of d_ae,, bu5~ MeWs leave aloun tha hankering after psuiTeiit Sikimer.t ad me'.edruanat c siteaui which mosl.t be ijb boaa ofcit #$ aiiT erta3.a: idaaingtob te mortl r* asd s *egl hich wevalue more thaa art hut rwijick -.a&b rAilvestisemest4-"Aavsnueg of ML. -B,aa^. by Albt MrDtBle..h 2|.-A beek-pureriet be deesipinkvs o Xg {~ier,~ war1 r whIs hakiew ad aasI.e ioblt mrwee w,itt.s- .a iri zrtStif4- an ispoDl'-:w eex,uosT-t -,i.rnsa.*e. eew ebsudbe 5ptebdOiUhiS b sJeetm of b.. is set lte ia theaa15or~ai h-- s _* - eape 'rii 31L-. Albet Btmait&a 0l' L.lbamr."ared beeXe tI intei Uaey toueel Eerey j-g *e with dL.abJlyiad 1 f'rInIc" Z 5115 an IASee and P~a while lsatebe d ' TaiRInlidE ;" Xr abe, and rrae- e,l Qa,e 3qthdre ated s., 1i~ssett
LOYZDOIY, MONDAY, AUGUST 4, 1856. It seems strange enough that in this free country, famous chiefly for skill in polities and for sucoess in plantirg its race and institutions throughout the globe, the service of Government should enter so little into men's thoughts vhen, at the outset of life, they look about them for a career. Hrow seldom do parents or fiiends in their advice to the schoolboy hold out to him the honours andpromotions of a public departmcnt as an incentive to exertion ! For the great inultitude of the active and energetic there is business in its -nmany forms, the prospect oI gaining a con petence or amassing wealth in tho ivalks. of private life, without anyr her interference with national affairs than is involved in sitting on a jury: or administering primary justice as a town magiatrate. Then there aro professons, more or less well paid, for the ambitious who will take their chance. Considering that the b'r, as a body, probably spends more than it earns-that the ihurch, without some 'private fortune or positive assumrance of preEerment, holds out but a hard lot-that in medicine the extensive practice, 'vith its rewazds and fame, is a rare prize, it is wonderful with what an unThiling stream the educated middle lasM swell the old legitimate professions. For them the publie school, the tutor, the university give their instruction; through hope of success in these men of genius, education, and energy are content to pass the flower of their youth in severe toil andl stll more wearTr waiting,-.with what -results of disappointment and bittemnems is. too well known. Yet, whether the EngILshman looks to business or professional life, he still thinls only of a private career. It is. not as. in some foreign, countries, where a man must form part -of. the niachine of State or be content with inferiorifty. Hlere p&ple by nillions are content to be among the governed, leaving public affairs to he administered by whoever may gain access to thenm and seize on those crumbs, of patronage which it is not allowed to everyone to reach. Such has been the state of things in England, and such it is even now; bat already there are symptoms of a great change. People begin to recognize both their rights and duties. In the first place, tho professions are overstocked, and there is a yealy increasing class of men issuing frnim our improved places of education, who are by culture and tone of mind averse from the pursuit of trade. The public service of the present day, requiring no mean powers of mind, and presenting, if. not the prospect of wealth, yet the certainty of a maintenance, the assurance of an honourable and perhaps a high position, together with the chanec of great influence for doing goad andu the gratification of a praiseworthy ambition, becomes more andmore " a greatfact"to the community at large; and not only are a more higahly endowed body of men anxious for admission into official life, but tho public, which cares only for the proper adminiistration of its affairs, is disposed to second their aspirations. The nation at large feel that they have stood too long apart from the proceedings of the official world. The inhabitants of a country like ours cannot safely look upon themselves merely as individuals thrown together by chance, and only concerned each man with his own pursuit of wealth or pleasure. They cannot be content with merely demanding security of life and property and the repeal of restrictive laws, leaving a limited class to carry on the business of State, and to preserve its power at the price of occasional concessions and the use of a conventional language of liberality. The country must be governed not onlyfor,but by thepublic; andthatnot merely at certaincrises,byoutbreaks ofnationalfeeling,havingthe character almost of an insurrection, but constantly, regularly, and in detaiL A great step towards such a resulb is the opening of the Government offices and the chances of a puiblic career to men recommended only by superior capacity and diligence. Whether we look on the change as affording fit employnaent to meritorious individuals or as insuring for the State a better discharge of necessary duties, we can hardly doubt the benefits it -will confer. One part of the reform may now be considered as achieved; the victory is half won; the service is, or will be, completely opened, and we doubt not that in a year or two the event will exercise much influence on the habits and education of the country. It remains to perfect what has been begun; the internal organization of the departments must be modified in accordance with the spirit of the new system. Attentive inspection of conduct, conscientious promotion of desert, selection of the beat men for important places without regard to age or connexions, are among the duties of the statesmen who will superintend the various departments. In no branch of the service will a deficiency in these duties fail to be hurtful; but we may cite the Colonial-office as a department where there is the widest field for a bold reformer. Hitherto it cannot be doubted that the distribution of the highest patronage has been distinguished neither by patriotism nor judgment. The frequent changes in the office of Colonial Secretary, coupled with many of the appointments made, would almost seem to intimate that each Misnister was only anxious to embarrass his successor by giving him the moat narrow and impraeticable men in the country to deal vwith. Lately the necessity of conciliating independent colonists has led to the substitution of better men in certain places; Canada, Jamaica, and lstly Victoria, have had good Governors, and now, we believe, Sir H. BARIKY is to be succeeded in Jamaica by Governor DAsRoG of Newfoundland, a gentleman who has acquitted himself ably at several posts, and who commenced his career in the colony he is now to govern. But still it cannot be said that the vast machine of colonial government has been worked on any sound and intelligent principle. The separation between the Administration at home and the Staffs of the various colonies seems to us to be prolific of the same evils as the analogous practice at the Foreign-office. Men who have worked in North America, the West Indies, and Australia, are never brought to London to assist the Secretary of State with their practical knowledge, 'while the officials at home seldom receive advancement to posts abroad which, from the insight they have gained in the administration of the colonial system as a whole, they could fill with a better directed energy and a larger breadth of view. In fact, the local and what we may call the Imperial administration have always been considered as two distinct careers, though it is evident that if we are to retain the idea of the British empire as a unity the relation of the colonies to the mother country and to each other must bo the highest and most necessary study of those who would administer the affairs of those dependencies. We cannot wonder that a race of men placed at a distance from the governing country, with no political responsibilities, and engaged chiefly on the material concerns of life, should often look at things with a narrow and somewhat selfish view. rTiough Canadians, and Australians, and Cape ColIonists are, we believe, soundly loyal, though they respect and love the mother country, as we have had good proof in the late war, though they fully appreciate the generous and self-denying iolicy of EngLand, at least in the present generation, it is no matter of surprise that they should sometimes forget their correlative duties, and look only. to the advantage of themselves and their own territory. The part, then, of the Britbh Governor and his subordinates, the sole reason why they should be Englishmen, and not natives of the colony,, is that they should intelligently ard effectively correct these aberrations, and impress on the colonists how far t4ey should sub-, ordinate their own impulses to a patriotic and largeminded Imperial policy. To do this fittingly what education is so neeessary as that of the Colonial- office at home, -where a man becomes acquainted with the, various characters and wants of many communities, and is able to show those whose way- wardness is only the result of their want of information how the - rights they demand may be wrongs to their countrymen in some other part of the globe, or inconsistent with the wellbeing of the mother country, which has created andwkhichdefends their society? Yet, how ofte'ii htherto hasa General or a Post-Captain been sant 'out, who hardlyjknovrz'a British colony when he SeeJ its name, -much-less .he relations of the 'arious, -derendencjes to the mother country andthe policy which it'bhs been the desire of the .most 'eminent tat;esn en to uphold !. Surely one of the men 'ho hlashelped o adminiister' from London the affairs of somIe50 of these comnmunities must have learnt- something' which. will make hii nmore6capable than a military or political partisan wlSo knows nothing of coonial or any other government? Ana surely when a governoror local- secretary, has been:, in a colony for years he must have somethingp to tell the department at home which is worth' listening"*-o, a-d miight be fairly purthased by an appointment on the central staff? Now that -we are really getting superior men in the public service, and testing them by severe examination and training, it is_ as `e11 to turntlieni to -taccoit n; 'for iaeither th6v nor thhe pubik wl long suffer that they should d- have' no better tortune than to labour in obscurity for 'the glory of their ffilcial 'chiefs.
- The last weel; has witnessed and the present week will witness again, banquets and ovations in honour of the troops who haye returned from the. Crimea. Al the great provincial garrison towns will have soon exhausted their gratulations to ihe soldiers who have resumed duty within their walls, and the series of hospitable greetings will, we believe, be crowned by a tribute from the metropolis to the Guards who have so long constii tuted its ordinary.garrison. All this is as it should be. The country is nt so munh discharging a duty as protecting its o-n interests when it does honour to the men who bravo the hardships and privations of war. Happily, free from the continental burden of the conscription, it recognizes the strong claim upon its gratitude of men whose voluntary and unforced devotion, blended with an admirable discipline, preserves the credit and character of a kingdom, the vast wealth and possessions of which are so signally contrasted with the slight material instruments of their protection. Rising from the torpid slumber, in which war was long dreamed an impossibility, and repelling that paradoxical fanaticism which denounced even self-defence as a sin, the towns and corporations of England attest at |once their ecognition of an obvious truth and their sense of high desert. They attest also something else. They demonstrate a change in popular sentiment and popular prejudices most strildng and most fortunate. Can any two phases of feeling stand out in more distinct contrast than that which greets the return of the British army jfrom the Crimea now, and that which greeted the return of the British army from the Peninsula in 1814? Yet what were the achievements of the two? The present army comes back- from a campaign of two years-two years fraught indeed with great toil, trias, sufferings, -and mortality, and eventually crowned by no unworthy consutmmation. The former returned from a cam,saign of sis; years, in which " they had won nineteen "pitched battles and innumerable combats; had made or sustained ten ,ieges, and taken four great "'fortresses; had twice expelied the French from " Portugal, once from Spain; had penetrated " France, and killed, wounded, or captured "200,000 enemies, leaving of their own nulaber "40,000 dead, whose bones whiten the plains "and mountains of the Peninsula." Yet the present army is cheered, flted, and embraced byaccompanying thousands,whMle their predecessors(with | some few exceptions) resumed their garrison duities wvithout show, pomp, or salutation. In the language of the historian whom we have ahready quoted, that " war terrminated, and with it all "remembrance of the veterans' services." Y Many reasons miight be alleged for this change. The army was unpopular because it had been employed as a police in times of civil commriotion. It was unpopular through the retention of some hazy, constitutional doctrines, about stauding armies. It was unpopular because certainly since the death of WoLFE, andcalmost since the time of A&ALBOROUGH till the beginning of this century, it had performed no brilliant achievement; and what it had done under WEX=GTOr in Spain was depreciated by faction, or misrepresented by ignorance. And W-XGTroN's domestic policy, founded upon that extreme caution which sometimes is as dangerous as temerity, perhaps tended to confirm this unnopularity. By keeping soldiers " out of sight of " the people" as much as possible he rather strengthened the suspicion that a soldier's calling was at once cheerless and disreputable. The popular notion of a soldier in England was for a long time that he was a sort of refuse man, kept in a fusty square, to be alternately drilled and flogged, and exhibited as little as possible, save for the suppression of riots. The identification of the whole ommunity with the military oalling was wholly abaent from a people who saw very little of soldiers Tuder arms, kmew little of the extent of empire committed to theircustody, and who associated their " trade " with the recuiting sergeant's blandishments, the drunien promise, the painful parting from laome, the canteen, and the cat-o'-nine tails. Cause and effect, as usual, reacted on each other. A bad name was given to the soldier; and it was too often from the worst men that soldiers were recruited. Decent labourers groaned over the son who enlisted, and a decent housemaid had rarely the moral courage to retain a " sogger"lover. But, as public attention became directed to the state of the army (which, of course, was done by civilians)-as India was twice seri ously threatened within three or four years, and saved mainly by those brave troops who carried the pluck and vigour of Englishmen to " the heig,hts of Can" dahar and the sands of the Punjab"-Ias the huge miLitary resources of Continental States forced upon the British intelligence their wonderful aptitude for foreign aggression or domestic subjugation-there came over then minds of the people a compunctious recollection of important services in war recommended by the most docile discipline in peace, aud the army gained in popularity. Then came the Russian war, and with it an innovation which starled - others beside military martineta-the aimost daily publication of every event thlat happened within the camp. The English public were Inade spectators of a siege 3,000 mniles away. They saw not only the salient and exceptional actions which lend life and briiancy to the monotony of a siege, but every incident of the soldiez's life-his toil in the trenches, his watches, his hlungers, his fastings, his iaIndness; his disease. They, apart and comfortably housed, saW their gallant countrymen enduring with heroic constancy work which required tllrice as nany hands as could bo spared to do it, and, irn the face of shot, shell, stinted rations, famine, and infection, maintaining an heroic devotion and a disciplined subordination worthy of the race whose sons had calmly mustered to parade on boarde the doomed and sinking Birkenhead. Every househo7ld in the kingdomn thus became, as it were, spectatrs of the sufferings aund the glories of the camp; and the enthusiasm which eachstag of the siege haa kindled burst into that flame which now greets the disembarking trooDpi in England. All these demonstrations are as wisc and politic as they are just and well-merited. The country is bound to recognize the fortitu(le, discipline, adll endurance of its soldiers. But we would fain ap pend to this admission one remnark, which we trust 'ill not be: iniiously i.terpreted.. No one can esstim!ate more$ihig,hly thanl ourselves' the courage and enIranoe oF B3ritish soldiers, or the pluck of the tygimentsloffieers2 WB - particl inp every.: aenuti:nerit expressed ,townrds WiN-DHA, SaraLay.,' 'Yz'EZ, and_" Redan LMassxy t zbutwe -would enind ithoce 'who are-'aboutt to entertaiu the 'returned regiments that there in such a tuing as discrimination iun praise. The other day, at Sieffield, a apea'ker. eulogized the 4th: Dragoon Guardcs for their - conduct in the trenche. This was, absurd ;- and <absurd or inappropriate laudatian is indirect ceihaure. Again, we would remind- these enthuiaatic hbsts that there is a continental as well as au English account of the campaign,. and that the contiental historymakes much lees of the English achievements and much momref the French than, we do.+ Perhaps3 'this, is partly qdue to a studied depreciation, of England;a bt it is also3, in part due to theactual state of thing. - Tho French -had during -the presures o,E the- siegea "ery much force than we d had, , - prOplaOger, a ver- much larger corps of Engineerx than we' had; midA the -two anagea threw upon their rhoulders a heavier- and more comprehensive utyu than our smaller amy' could' have been ex-- pected to perform. Again, we lost our best and oldest aoldiers in the fearful winter of 1854. The principal French losses were at a much later period. FinaUy, the crown3ing operation of the campaign -t_he taling' of the Malakhoff-was done by French, not by English, hands. All this may be palliated and e2plained, but the fact remains. It is true that our Engineers were set to work for which they were numerically disqualified. It is true that the men in -the trenches did double or treble daty. It is true that raw recruits at 'the Redan behaved with gallantry and courage; it is true that the conduct of Wm-rmx and EYRE was worthy of any army and any conflict; still the awkward fact remains that latterly the greater portico of the siege devolved on the French, and that the capture of the Malakhoff 'was a French achievement. We mention these things to put our civic rhetoricians on their guard against an exaggeration -vhich might provoke hostile or contemptuous criticism abroad; and there is no need of such rhetoric, for the true merit of the English soldiers consists in their having remained steadfastly at' thesir appointed workl when their numbers were awfully thinned byfamine, pestilence, and death, and in their having maintained against these unsparing foes the same determined aspect With which they met the Russians at the Alma and Inkermann.
The recent assizes have unfortunately abounded in cases of child-murder. Ucnder ordinary circuinstances it- is impossible not to feel the deepist commiseration in such cases for the prisoner--for the pcor distracted mother, who, in the midst of the direst agony to w.hich the humanframe is subject, finds herself tortured at the same time with shame and the dread agony of exposure. In by far the largest proportion of these cases the wretched creature is a young woman in service who has fallen a victim to the passions of some ruffian, and is left by him to her fate. Time creeps on, and the moment at length arrives which, with all its suffering, brings so manch of happimess to women more fortunately situated, but which almost of necessity seals the ruin of the poor seduced girl. She can look for littlo assistance or sympathy from her maistress or her fellow-servant they wll be the farst to turn against her, to spumn her from the door, to proclaim her disgrace. It is out of the question that she should reeeive medical aid at a tine when it is so needful, for that would be to court disclosure, when, as she conceives, she must conceal her fault or perish in the endeavour. Row terrible mnst those last hours be when she is staggering about the house, endeavouring to disch3rge her duties and to put off the evil momenit until all is quiet and the family have retired to rest ! She must stifle every groan and outward symptom of distress, lest the attention of others should be aroused, and -when the first faint cry of the new-born child which should bring joy to her heart breaks the stillness of the night it conveys to her nothing but fresh cause for alarm. What wonder is it if, either in the clumsy and agonized attempt to procure her own delivery, or afterwards, in the midst of her terror lest the wailing of the child be heard, she tak;es the quickest method of securing the silence on which, as she conceives, her safety depends ! GOD forbid that such pleading as this should be admitted in justification of so foul a crime as that of child-murder ; but the common sense of maunkind practically admits it in extenuation. Unless the case be deformed by unusuatl features of premeditation and atrocity, it is almost impossible to get a jury to bring in a severer verdict than that of " Guilty of cona"C ealing the birth."' All persons who have been so unfortunate as to be present at many trials of this description must have remarkeci that the judge, the counsel on both sides, and the jnry are, as it were, irt a conspiracy to procure the acquittal of the poor creature who stands sobbing at the bar. The puniehment which has faZlen upon her is already s& terrible that human justice can do nothing more. Whatever the cause may be, in ninety per cent. of such cases a conviction cannot be obtained, and the prisoner is dismissed with an almost iaominalpenalty. If merey be confined within the limits suggested in the above remarks society has no great reason to complain, but it should be -clearly understood that commiseration stops short with the mother. If she is not absolutel1y pardoned, she is at least not severely .punished, because it is admitted as a presumption that in her agony she was scarcely responsible for her own acts; but when any other hand than her own violates the I temple of life and deprives the helplem infant of its frh existence, then' wa ought unlsparingly to visit the murderer with the highest penalty Inown to the law. Now, a Cornish jury the other day-it was on Thursday of l3st week-most grossy failed in their duty to the public, and delivered one of the most sandalous verdicts on reord. At B3odmin on the ;day. nanmed Aw-N-MIr=aws, aged 32, JTAEs Gzono;, aged 19, ana R.1rIAD JosE, aged 35, were indicted for the wilful murder of an infant born of Arrimwssat Truro on the 27th of March last. This woman was a shoemalker by trade, and had' resided for many years in respectability at. Truro. Her husband died about four yeans ago, and about a twelvemonth ago, in a fatal hour for herself, she met with JOSE, who was a married man. A connexion ensued between Josz and M.aruRws, and she became pregnant by him.i JosE lodged at her Ifouse, and in the same house. lived the prisoner-Gzoaoa and a young womau: named EFm&z Burus, but1 19 years of age, who were also living together in a state of concubinage. iATTE2uWS had an allowance from the pariah, and she feared that- this allowance wouId be withdrawn if it were 3known that: she had: given birth to a natural, cid. About 4 o7clocl; on the morning. - of Tbursday, the 27th of March, 3&TM Ews was seized with the pains of labour, and she went down into the Idtclhen, where slehdelivered herself cf a female child. JOSE came down also to the kitchen,. -and he ca'led to the girl Brrus to come and assist Mm mws in her pain. After some little delay she was admittedI into the kitchen, where she found Mh&rnnws, Joss, and the necv-born babe. GEonlso came down, snd in at litle ihile h o leave the kiihen.-' Aihe going ihe called to Josz to stop tjhe xhild,s erng.. these-two persons hod left t'he kitien fosz lEa lhis finger down the bobes throat, and rtaie jt there for some time, but, A this: did int 'fficer destroylife, he fetched pan, towhich h epoured a quantity-of water, and in it he downed;ihe child. On the evening of the next ay Josx sIid GzoRoC took the ded body in a basket to ,a pod near TEuro. JosE attached a stone by a rccrd to it, andi threw it. irto the p,nd* Oia the 29th of the aame month the body w.ns discovered by a lad who was is in the pond, the. water being unusually 'ow .at.hte time. A coroners inquest was held, anda.verdict was returned of c Wilful; murder againt ome "person or persons unknown." The oame of X&TTsws soon becau-e involved in the -wossg; of t3he neighbourhood, and the end was that -he was examinedc3by a surgeon, and it was ascer tained that she had recently been diveredli In the end Bun--s was admitted as Q-s evadence, and upon her 1tetimony the jrisoncrs wviere convicted. Th s-trange partdof thesty is that the jury foundc JosE guilty, not of niudr4i, but of mauslaughter, GEOsGaw guilty as--an accessory after the fact, and hB ws guilty of concealing the birth. Of the verdicts in the last two caseswe see no great reason to complain. It does not appear that when T.~rEnxws de.sired JOSE to stop the child's crying she intended that he should commit murder-stl less can GEonaE be mixed up ith the more atrocious crime in any direct manner. It is of the verdiet in the case of Josx that we would Epeak with the greatest indignation. The jury had a perfect right to disbelieve the testimony of the girl Busies, and to acquit the prisoner. On the other hanld, upon her testimony they might have brought the mRan in gnilty of murder. The one thing, however, which they could not do without a -violation of every principle of justice and common sense was to believe the v7itness, and yet to deliver! against the prisoner a verdict of guilty of any lew crime than murder. Not only was the act of JOSE murder, but it was one of the foulest mirders upon record. It was perpetrated under every circumstance of maliee and deliberation-it w&z the murder of au infant child by a strong man. The evidence of the girl was so strongly corroborated by the medical witnesses andl by the general appearance of the body that it a is beyond any question that she was speaking the trath. The conduct of the jury should be visited with the strongest reprehension, for not only dcid they set aside the value of the evidence, but they did so in direct opposition to the directions of the judge. It is but fair to add that Mr. Baron MI= dia not shrink from his duty. No blame can rest -upon him if the ruffian Jose was not visited with the full penalty which the law attaches to his crime.
AMERICA. (BY ELCTWc A2ND mn1analRXAT1 rEGBA2RH.) LIVERPOOL, AUG. 3. The Royal Afail steamship Africa, Neil Shannon comumander, arrived this morning from New Yor'k with advices to the 23d nlt.,, and $1,122,050 in specie on freight. The Royal. Mail steamship Persia, hence, arrived at New York at 7 a.m. on the 23d. ult. Iarge mass conventions have been held in the West in favour of Mr. Fremont for President. There has also been a Whig meeting in Boston in favour of the same nominee. There is an attempt at a coalition in Pennsylvania between the friends of Mr. Fillmoro and thefriends of Mfr. Fremont, which may give that State to the Republicans. The Senate has passed the Fortificat-ion Bill, reducing the amount to $1,800,O0O; have voted to adjourn on the 18th of August, and are still occupied with the Harbour Improvements Bill. The House has also agreed to adjourn on the 18th of August. Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina, chaUlenged Mr. Burlingaine, of Massachusetts, for language in his speech on the SunTer assault. M1r. Burlingaine accepted to fight with rifles in Canada at 50 paces, but Mr. Brooks refue to go there. M. Brooas has been arrested. Mr. Burlingaine is ollt of t-he district. The State Convontion of the Executive Committee of Unitecd Americans have nominated Mr. Fillmore for the Tresidency. The news from the Beze is to the 29th ult. Emigrants from the 'United States wre arriving fhere. It is not true that tie State )Departmenit zae i the roeeipt of depatches announcing a prolable settlement of the Central American question by Mr. Dallas. The Government deny that 16,000,000 have been offered to President Cumonfort for a cession of Land in Meico, but it issuppo4ed that secret instruc. tions have gone out, nevertheless, for a purchase oE territory with reference to a railroad to CaliforniaE the report on this supposed road will be submaitte to Congress this week. Walker has no Mnite at at Washington at present; Rivas is reoogpised there as the President de facto of Nica!rgua. The non-arival of the Persia had made all the markets dull ; money wan buoyant; large amounts offered on loan at 6 per cent.; quotations on the, Stock-lExchange a trie higher. The prices of bradstuffs have been fluctuating during the week owing to the hot weather. The advices from Havanlah are to the 10th of July. 7S0 faives from Africa had been landed near that city; -here had been aa s number of coolies landed.
FRANCE. oim-rATP Onw CO ESPO!qflH"yNT. PARLS, FRmnAy, 6 Pa.-. Although the new Spanish Cabinet is sil sileAt as to its plans, the intelligence that reaches n s today witlh respect to them, through a semi-oEecial channel, is of a nature to inspire uneasiness as to t'he future tranquility of Spain. The Governmnent, we re told, considering that to eonvoke the existing Conmtituent Cortes, or a new Constuent Asserably, or the ordinary Cortes of the kingdom, would, mnder present circumstances,be productive of no good effect, biit rather of troublesome complications, will abstain irom any such .convocation, and think of pronlDgating a constitution put together by itself or under its own auspices, andwhiehisto beofanatureto satisfy 01l parties, from the upholders of monarchy and its prerogatives to the partisans of democracy. Such an assurance as this might mak e us believe that the Goddess of Wisdom herself had descended in the palace of Bneuavista to proside at the deliberations of Marshal O'Donnell and his coileagues. lVhia manner of constitution can it be that is thus im:measurably to surpass the results of the laboums of suecessive councils of the nation, comprising, it is sapposed, the ablest politicians in Spain? We may be permittcd to doubt-vrhether the masterpiece, wrhen produced, wrill justify the reputation given to it by anticipation, and its origin alone will render it unacceptable to the people for vrhom it is intended. WNhat matters, it is as«ked, the origin of a constitution, so long as it is a good one? The reply is, that it matters a great deal, for there is nothing all shades of Spanish Liberals have a greater aversion to, and areless prepared to receive favoursbly, than a constitution ocfroye, or graciously granted by the Government, especially when that Government is of the character of the present one and ruling only by the bayonet. None will believe that~ the constitution will fulfil the conditions now predicated, but Vwill rather expect it to prove one of those mockeries of constitutions of which we have examples in Europe, and which are but flimsy veils for dGwnright despotism. But, supposing the promised of&spring of the O'Donnell-Rios Rosas Ministry to prove better than is hoped, it will still satisfy no one, because al will have in mind that what has been vouchsafed ta-day by an act of arbitrary will may, ina similar way,, be withdrawvn to-morrow. Such a constitution offers no security or guarautee whatever, and, as a shield to the national liberties, is the merest mockery. It might, perhaps, be forced upon and maintained for a while in Spain by a man of superior mind and iron hand, but it certainly would secure no permanent tranquillity, and probably its first introduction would be the signal for a struggle. Other announcements which come simultaneously with that of this masterpiece of constitutions plainly indicate the means by which its framers recko:n on being obliged to sustain andenforce it. The Government, we are told, talking into consideration the recent conduct of the National Guard throughout Spain, is indisposed to reorganize it, but talks of forming, by and by, at some remote and mndefined period, a sort of rosewater National Guard, consisting of persons who are qualified by paying a certain amount of taxes-such a force as would never dream of fighting or of giving trouble to any Goverment. COn the other hand, we hear that the army and the civil guardsthe latter a highly-paid corps, composed chiefly of old soldiers, and generally noted for its fidelity to the existing Government, whatever that inay be, are to be augmented. In the present state of Spain these are dangerous announcements, well adapted to revive the smouldering embers of reistance. If it be really intended to act up to them, it had been better to do so without saying anything about the projects beforehand. Perhaps they are put forward as a feeler, but one might almost suppose that it was the wish of the Government to provoke further insurrections, that it might gain strength by their energetic suppression, and by again lettinge loose the troops upon the peoole. 3Enough has surely been done in the way of a blo ady example. Al the details that reach us of the conflict at Barcelona concur as regards its desperate and sanguinary nature and the severe purushment inflicted on the insurgents. The ghtsneg at Madrid was trifling compared *with that in Catalonia; and even when resistance may be said to have ceased the exasperation of the troops seems not, to have subsided. Correspondence from Maadrid, received to-day, states that on the 24th (that is to say, three days after the fighting -was over in Barcelonia) two battalions of Nationals, coming down from the mountains to the assistance of the townspeople, were met in the plain by the Queen's cavalry, and sabred to the last man. It is lo be hoped there wiU prove to be exaggeration in tIhis account. One can hardly imagine anything more helpless than the position of the iU-trained National Guards, suddenly assailed on open ground by regular Dragoons, and doubtless, if the laf;ter wiere disposed to be merciless, few would escape. The 1oss of the army in the streets of Barcelona apnears to have been considerable, a great many oficers having been picked off, and this may have induced the savage retaliation above recounted. For some days past the weather here has been intensely hot, and in proportion as the thermometer rises publc interest in political affairs appears to fall, and is at present but a line above zero. Paris 1 is just now at its very worst, empty of everybody who can get away, and grumbled at by all who can- :ot. People gasp along the blazing Boulevards in vain pursuit of a mouthful of fresh air, and find in lieu of it a compound of tobacco smoke, coffee ume, and emanations from restaurants. 'The itheatres are steam-baths, and rn-attended. The Champs Elys4es, deserted by day, are thronged. by migh by deluded person, w;ho imagine that, beca use they are fields, they must be fresh. The Italian Boulevard is abandoned to boursiers and to desultory foreigners. It is too hot to read a newspaper, and everything one drinks is tepid if it be not iced. Fashionable Paris is out of town, and unfashnionable Paris is sulky at being obliged to remain in it. The Emperor's return is talked of for the 6th. On the 7th, so the gossips say, he is to be at the first repreaentation of a new hallet at the Opera, and on the 8th it is reported that he will again depart-some say for Biarritz, with the Empress and Prince We read in the Courrier de la Gtiroe:- "Bordeaux is about to witness the passage of a great anumber of regiments of infantry proceeding to the frontier of Spin. This movement commenced last evening, wghen tho 1st battalion of the 3d Regiment of Infantry marched through our city. Ten other battalions of 900 men each aro to follow it. The 12th battalion of Fot Chasseurs, consist. Ing oEf 25 officem and 1,ODOfrank and file, is also ordered to 5he frontier, and will reach Bordeaux on the 4th of August. We have been assured that the 3d Regiment of Hassarn, in Careson at Libourne and Bordeaux, will leave shortl5 for 3Bayonne, and that our garrison is to be reinforced by 500 men,-." A battalion of the 3d Regiment arrived at 3)ax on the 29¶th by railway, and another on the 30th, loth going to Orthez. The receipts of the Orleans Railtway during the week ended on the 21st ult. were 1,200,117f., or C6,616f. more than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gronss receipts sincethe 1st of January amounted to 25,937,582f., being a difference in avour of 1855 of 725,553f. The Three per Centz. closed to-day at 70f. 7-5e. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 60c.; and the New Loan at 'ror. 66a.;, Orleans .ailway shares, 1,400E.; GreatNosrthern, I,OSOf.; Strnsburg, 945f.; new shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,415f.; Lyons to the M34edilerranean, 1,83Tf. 5Qc.; Western of France, 965f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 81Of.; Great Central ofFranice, ',07£ Sc. ;-Lyon3 and Geneva, 805f.; Bank of Cridit 31obilier.1,580f.; AustrianRailways, 865D. AonAs A T.enti3-P , si Pce- pour-and--Half per Cents. nor 93!. GOc. SOc.; ditto sccond'Loan of 1I5(6 percent. paid), 93!. 55c. ; ditto Certificates (65 per cent,paid), 93f. 55c Three per Cents.-.70F. . :-10G 15e. 20c. 15o. 20c.* ditto second,& Lan of 18K55 0 per cent. paid), 70E lOG dittoCertificates (65 per. ui."- paid), 70f lO.; 1ci;asurnry.ondg, 5 per cent, ; Ba,eof Frni%ee, 4,0501f.; Cr*itFonier, 60f.; ditto Obligations of MRi0f., 1'eth,, Three per ents, 8Of. Credit Mobilier, 1,5Wf. 1.575f.41,580-.; Discount Bani, 707. 50c,.; Pied3ontese Five per Cents., 90f.;, A rian Five per Cents., S7o; Belgran Four,anndo-Hslf per Cents., 99g; Rentehd Naples (}Sthschild's) 1121. .50c.; Spanisb Deferred Converted Debt, 245; 'itto Interioi Debt, 39 393. Exchange en Londo,n, at. eight, taper, 2Sf 2T,\c.; money, 2Sf. 25c.; three ou.oths, pcaper, .iSf. - PARIS, SATUSIDAY. 6 r.ar. The siurrender of: Saragossa, announced .by telegrnph this morning, rompletes the~ sub5ugati6nof Spain by the O'Donnell inistry.' We are as yet without details as to the conditions on which the: town yielded; but the National Guard were giving up their arms, and everything was going on quietly. iThie troops' that had marched to. Aragon - from Valencia and Catalonia, were ordered <to retrace their steps, and the siege train was sent away. The Moniter publishe's the following ;telegraphic despateh: ' ro.mo "Tas FniNcss As.MtSSADoR TO THE MINISTE OF FoREIG$ ArFrms. - "MA IDr AuG . "Geneini D'ilce entered Saragossa at half-past 1 o'clock this afternoon." The Spanish Embissy has eommunicated the following A3 - "31ADP-LL1, AUG. 1, H_AWSP&t>T 3 'AL. Saragossa has submitted to the Government. General Dulce has entered to-day with his troops. All the Peninsula is now tranquil, and obeys the orders of -Her ZMajeAsy." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- , A RAMREILLE-S, AUG. 1:. "The Roland arrived to-day, at noon, with Maisbal Pelissier on board. He landedi at hlf-past 2 orblook opposite the Cauebiere. All the vessels in the port were dressed out, and his coming on shore was effected amid cries of ' Vive l'Empereur !" General Roguet, First Aid-. de-Camp to the Emperor, accompanied by the authori7 ties of the department, received the Marshial with great ceremony in the n_,dls of an extraordinary concourse of people, and the troops of the garxison were arranged at each side along the Marshal's passage. To-morrow he vill make an excursion to Roque-Favour; and on Sunday will bh present at the grand banquet which is to be given him. On Monday he will take his departire from Marseiles." - - . BERLIN, AuG. 1. "Count de Morny- left yesterday by land for St. Petersburg. The stay of his Excellency in this city has been curtailed in consequence of the absence of some high person. ages." Cardinal Wiseman has arrived in Paris from the waters of Vichy. lThe Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. 90c. for the end of the month; and the Nevr Loan at 70f. 80c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,400f.; Great Northern, 1,0421. 50c.; Sirasburg, 945f.; New Shares, 860f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,420£.; Lyonz to the Mediterranean, 1,835f.; Western of France, 967f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 810f., Great Central of France, 710f.; Lydns and Geneva, 807f. SOc.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,605f.; Austian Railways, 867f. 50c. Court Authenil -PAr= A"vst 2--Cab PriceLFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 931. 75o. 94f. 93f. 90c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 94f.; ditto Certificates (65 per cent. mid), 9p.r Three per Cents., 70f 45c. 50c. 55c. 60c.65c. ; ditto second Loan of 1S55 (65 per cent. paid), 70f. 40c. d oitto Certiicates (65 per cent. paid). 70f.-40c.; Bank of Franca, 4,100f.; Credit Foncier of 500f, Four per Cents., Teaths, 90f.; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,590£. 1,595f. 1,596f. 25c. 1.592f.-0c. - 1,597f. 50c. 1,600f. 1,605f.; Discount Bank, 70Sf.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 88; Belgian Four-aua- IHalf per Cents., 99, ;Bentes llaples (Rothsc'hild's), 112f, 50c.; Xomans, 881 89; Spanish Deferred Converted, 25 ;,ditto Interior, 393 41. xihnge on London, at sight, paper, 2Sf. 27Ac.; money, 25i. 25c.- three months, paper, 25f. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 29th ult. The Gazette contains tho following intalligence:- "The Captain-General of Navarre writes, under date 26th, that Jaca has recognized the authority of the Queen; that the governor has been dismissed and the garrmson relieved by other troops. Albarracin, whichhadpronounced, has likewise submitted to the Government. The junta of Teruel having sent commissioners to offer Brigadier Damato to capitulate on certain terms, the latter replied that he could accept no terms, and that the town must surrender at discretion. General Antonio Mario Blanco,Captain-Generalof Granada,who was I detained by the junta off Jaen, at present dissolved, haS recovered hic liberly. In the night of the 26th a strong column of troops marched out of Granada, in the direction of Malaga, to re-establish order in that town and chastise the insurgents. General Domingo Dalce, Captain-General of Arragon, was preparing on the 28th to operate against Saragossa." It appears beyond doubt that the Carlists have again made their appearance in the province of Burges. They have already stopped several mail and stage coaches, of which they carried away the horses, but they neither robbed nor illtreated the passengers. The band consists at this moment of 14 individuals, well dressed and armed. Another band of 150 men is said to havo taken the field in the Basque provinces, but the report is doubted, the Government having received no infor3mation on the subject. Several insurgents, captred at Barcelona behind the barricades, had been executed, and others sentenced to the presidios. Those who sought refuge in the mountains after the colLision had offiered the Captain-General to lay down their arstn on condition that they should not be molested. A mong those who contributed most to the rebellion at Malaga is Colonel Buceta, who, abandoning his pest of Military Governor of Melilla, came and placed himself at the head of the Malaga revolters. Letters from Barcelona of the 29th inst., received by the Spanish steamer CEl Barcino, announce the execution, on the afternoon of the 28th just, of 17 individuals engaged in the late insurrection. They were tried by court-martial on a charge of having asassinated Colonel Olviedo and six officers of the garrison, taken prisoners during the insurrection on the 19th inst. They were sentenced to death, and were shot three by three. B3arcelona continued to enjoy perfect tranquillity. The accounts received by El Barcino from Alicant, MIalaga, and Palencia are equally favourable. AVSTPJA (FROM OUR OWN CORBEsPONDXNT.) VIENNA, JuLY 29. We learn that the head-quarters of the Commander of the Austrian troops in Moldavia were removed from Jassy on the 1st of this month, and tne assurance has been givc l me here that the evacuation of the two Principalities will very soon be completed; but it will be seen that the Russians will take care to fumrnih the Austrians with a. good excuse for prolonging the occupation. Austria declares that her roops abll not entirely quit the Principalities until the Russians have left that part of Bessarabia which is to be ceded to Moldavia, and Russia expresses her resolve not to make a retrograde movement until the last Arntrian soldier has returned to his own country. Such is the present state of affairs, and such it is likely to remain if the 'Western Powers do not interfere in the matter.. The bad faith shown by Russia in respect to Ismail, Kilia, and Kars is perhaps a kind of justification for the conduct of Austria. The puiblic papers say not a word on the subject of the collision which took place some tirae since at Giurgevo, in Wallachia, but it is credibly stated that the lieutenant who commanded the Austrian baggage-train detachment has been cashiered, and condemned to imprisQnmnent'in a fortress for five years. The fate of the Austrian corporal who Idlled the French soldier will mainly depend on the Emperor Napoleon. The court-martial cannot but condemn the man to be shiot, but his life will probably be spared if the French DIonarch should intercede in his favour. For some time past no dredging has been done on the bar of the Sulina, as the small steamer which towed the machine is under repair. Orders have now been given by this Governient to the war steamer Adalbert, which is lying off the Sulina, to take the dredging machine in tow until the other steamer returns from Constantinople. The " Protectionists" are raising a tremendous clamour against Baron Bruck, who is accused of having recldessly sacrificed the native manufacturers by lowering the duties on woven goods, colonial sugar, and iron. That the inland i-on trad.e suffers from the privilege granted to the various railroad companies to introduce their rails, &c., bn payment of half the usual duty, is certain,but the Minister of Finance seems to be of opinion that the in:terests of the many ought not to be sacrificed to those of the few.- RUSSIA.. (PP.0o OUR BEBinL coDnsR iIMET.) BERLTN, JuLY 3L Count Chreptowitsch, the Russian MIinistor lately accredited to London, arrived at Stettin late on thei evening of ths&day before last-by-the VLadimir, ahd came on to this place the following day. . One of the first affairs of any importance that the new Russian Minister will have to enter upon in our 'capital will be the so-called conferences !ith reference to the affairs of Greece, and m-ore 'particularly to the question of.the succession to -t'ne throne. In the full consiciousness of the more than probable fruitlessness of any deliberations of the three protecting Powers on the subject, it has been decided that :these deliberatioas shall:not assume the appearance of solemn conferences, which so frequently entail embarrassing consequences on the States that take part in them, but shall be called aid 'looked upon as -unbindfiig deliberations, or conferences sans. gy9e. The embarrassment has become sensible at the very outset, when the Russian Government' requested to be informed of the precise object ancl intention of these " conferences sans ghne," in order that its linis ter might be'duly instructed; and the embarrassment was only enhanced when that object' was specified to be the settlement of the succession of the Greek throne, it being notorious.that tne great staumblingblock to the succession '.taking place in the order provided lbythe charter of 18434 is the necessity imposed on. the successor to the ~throne adoptng the Greek faith. For this proviso was not introduced by the three Drotecting Powers into the original constitution oftldngdom; but was enforced ;pon thie .ig by the people mn the revolntion of 1843. The- Ireek nvation, therefore will be one element that cannot be left out of all consideration at the -conferences, -although not represented there. . The Russian Government is not only naturally disposed on religious grounds to dive every apport to this already exiting clause of'the constitution, but -it has, very recently, distmintly intimated -to. the Bafarian Court its intentiori to stand~ by tEat provision. .I believe .this toolF .place on occasion of Prince Adalbert of Bavaria's applicaton forthe haiid of the Spanish ;nfanta. To our Government it mill not be amaater of indifference what the confession will be that -the ruling family in Greece will profess; the Greek will be.unweicome to them, not 5o mueh on account of the increase of inluenc that :Russia would napparently by that means attain in the south-east of Europe as on account of the increased danger; of inqiuetude to Turkey which would arise from the energetic prosecution of the'specific Greek aspirations as regards a Byzantine empire by a people' and Sovereign at unity on the main point of religion. Least of all can it be desirable for us, politically or confessionally, to see this clause of the Greek constitution set aside for the admission of a Bavarian King with a Spanish Queen to , the Greek throne, which is the object at ptesent ai'med at by the French- Government, 'which thinks to secure itself the goodwill of both Courts by striving to remove -this confessional obstacle 'and favouring the pretensions of Prince Adalbert of Bavaria and the Spanish Infanta. It must be borne in mind that Prince Luitpoid of Bavaria, although he has very distinctly and repeatedly refused to renounce-the Catholi faith, hasbyno means renounced the throne of Greece, provided he can retain the faith in which he has been brought up; he has this further advantage over his brother, that he has already several children who might succeed hima on the throne, while his brother, Prince Adalbert, is still unmarried, and,- fromn what careful observers relate of his future consort, his mariage with the Spanish Infanta and admission to the Greek throne:would only protract and not settle the existing difficulties as to the succession. The French policy in Greece is to consolidate the present overwhelming French influence there by setting a Catholic dynasty in its interest on the throne, and thus excludig the remains of the Russian interest, which was based on the Bavarian sympathies in its favour. The Catholic religioni has for alongtimnebeen in use as a means of turning even the Greek church to account in the East through the medium of the sect called United Greeks. Moreover, while France is absorbing- sll the commercial interests of Greece she is rapidly acquiring the upper hand along the whole seaboard of Turkey; England, in the meantime, isplaying a very subordinate part in the. latter empire, which, to judge by our actions, we regard with interest solely on account of its being the high road to our own possessions in India. Lord Granville is expected here to-morrow ;- Sir John Acten is here already as his precursor. *M. de Morny left here yesterday evening for' St. Petersburg, whither he is proceeding by land; his orininal intenton of staying here several days has been changed in consequence of finding that no members of the circles he desired to see here wero' now in town. As an instance of the splendour with which Prince Esterhazy intends to exhibit himself in Moscow, it may be mentioned that each of the six saddle horses that are reserved for his private use represents a value of from 8,000 to 10,000 gulden. The housings of the Prineo's own special charger are described as consisting of a splendid tiger skin edged throulghout with diamonds, wYith the coat of arms of the Prince embroidered also in diamonds. It is affirmed that the jewels and precious stones in the possession of Prince Esterhazy represent a higher value than all the estates and domains of the family put together. If this be true, the present dazzling display will not be so iucredible. ALl the members of the diplomatic corps of Russia seem just now to be absent from their posts; in most of the smaller States of Germany where Russian missions exist the cluanceleris are quite closed, and the business, if any such-the visg of passports-is referred to their Embassy in this capital, and this state of things is likely to last until September, when, the coronation being over, the whole diplomatic service will resume its wonted activity. There is hardly any mission in Berlin just' now that is represented by more than one attchg. The BMnisters are for the most part absent, and the official representative of most of the States of Europe has to be looked for in some humble retreat, consisting of furnished apartments up two or three pairs of stairs. The Emperor of Russia has aeceded to the recommendation of the Minister of Finance to reduce the import duty upon sugar. For the space of six years, starting from the 1st (13th) of Angust of this year, the duty on all sorts of raw sugar imported by way of sea is to be reduced to three roubles per poud. The Excise duty on beetroot sugar is, however, to remain unaltered during that same period. This reduction of duty is to be extended to all parcels of sugar imported since the opening of the navigation this year, but of which the duty shall not have been paid till after Augast 1. Those Custom-houses which formerly were only permitted to clear raw sugar are henceforth to admit refined sugar in loaves at a duty of five roieles silver per poud; this regulation to commence from August -1. The cause of this step being just now taken in the right way, without waiting for the general revision of the tariff that is to be published this aitumn, may perhaps be found in the results of a comparison between the imports of the first six months of 1855-the blockade year-and the first sx months of 1856-the peace vear. During the latter term there were 40,000 poud; imported less than during the former; of coffee, there was also a diminution of 20,000 pouds during the same period; it would seem as if our merchants at she commencement of this year had had sufficient conidence in the rstoration of peace to ihduce them to break off their dealings with'Russia over the Prussian frontier, but not sufficient to induce them to resume their imports by the way of St. Petersburg. Advices from St. Petersburg of the 24th inst. mention what will doubtless cause some considerable surprise--that the Emperor has commanded that the clergy of all the different confessions in the empire, not even excluding the non-Christians, Shall be invited offlcially to the coronation. The Emneror is representhd as having emphatically de-lsied that difference of relioion must not be perMnltted to form the ground of any difference of treatment and recognition to which all his subjects, without any exceptions, had aoquired a title. There wi, accordingly, be specis provision made for the representatives of all the different confessions and secta in Russia, who wi have a place asm'gned them in the procession to the Kemlin, as well as seata within the building. Agreat sensation was produced here yesterday by, the confiscation of that day's number of the Vossischie ZeUung in consequence of a cript issued direct from the Miniswry of the Interior. As this took place at half-past 9 o'clock n.m., it remains Almost without remlt, the whole edition having already passed into private hands; only the fewr numbers lying out at pLae of public resort thus fell into the hands of hie police. According to an explanation issued by the editorto-rdy, this severe measure, .so0.seldom. visited upon the most swidely-difused and influentihd journal of this place,, may be attributed to a leading article. regecting on the conduct of: Russia in destroying the fbrtitica,tions of Reni, and Ismait, -in. comnexion with the remarks lately. made,by Lord Clarendon -on this subject. ITALY ' '; ou oUR cOIMESOrNNTsr.) - t: - '1TURIX, July- D9. The latest intelligence fromi the- scene of the reint attempt-> P insurrectibn in the Lunigiana: represents everything as- perfectly* quiet, and theref6re this meovement, which would be simply ridicu16us if it were not-also unlappnly mischievous, rmay now be considered at anend. The Intendant of the -prbvince of Levante' rbp6&t that a perso' unknown had deposited in the hands of the Syndic -of Sarzana a. sum of :money which he declared to 'be the amount taken from the Custom-house station of- Parmignola, Those taken -prisoners.-complain, ias usual, of having been 'misled Dy the repiesentations of the agents of the party which, undertook to organize tho rising, . and ' they, say: that .ot above a hundred men turned -out altogether, and oinly rabout a third- of those had amms 24 -cleserted very early in the day, seeingtheextreme'apathy with whoh they were rdceived by the Dopulation, and tie'certainty--tl_at they .would ony meet' with arnied opposition if they persisted inm advanc-` ing. No doubt these unfortunate dupes -:were led to believe by such arguments and manifestoes as the proclamation lately publish'ed that thev were only a part of a great concerted movement of the populations of Central Italy, and that in Tuseany especially they might expeet a simultaneous rising,' and they will now pay the forfeit of their hasty confidene. by' rep'enting at leisure in eonfinement - or 'in exile. Sir- James Hudson, the English . Ninister at this Court, happened to be at' Spezzia at the timb, and I nderstand 'he speaks in ermis of the highest praise of the promptitude wit,h which the Sardinian authoritie3 acted. . The. instant they received notice'of the attempted outbreak every available man was despatched in support of the frontier posts vwithout- a moment of unnecessary delay, and it is.very much owing to this alaority that no resistance was made bytkn persons whom the Gendarmnes arrested afterwards with arms in their hands. The troops have now returnedto their quarters, with the exception of one eompany of Bersaglieri, which remains on the frontier near Ortonovo. The Sardinian Governmtut has received information from Massa and Carrara that tranquillity is perfectly re-establishei in the Modenese territory. * I lgear from Parma that' Count Crenneville was about to leave, for a time st least. BEi3 friends there said he was only going on leave to some watering-place, but, ,as the .-torriere ltalia?w and other German papers have already reported his approaching promotion and removal from his present command, it is very possible that his departure will be final-" for good," as they say-and that he has only been lbft so long in order not to give his removal the appearance of a recall on the demand of the Duchess.
GEBNRAL WINDHAM AT NOR WIGI. (F1OM OUF OWN i]tPORTER.) o NORWICH, SATURDtY. The roception of Major-GeneralVIndham in this city, of which I forwarded a brief notice yesterday, was of tre most enthusiastic description. Business was almost entirely suspended throughout the day, and the whole popilation of the city thronged 'he streets through which the procession was topass, to give n cordial welcome to the hero of the Redan. The most imposing feature of the cortegc was a body of 600 or 700 well-mounted tenant farmers, in some instanced accompanied by their landlords, who arrived in the course of the morning from all parts of thecounty, toform avoluntsry escort to the gallant officer who has so well sustained the honour of his county and of his name. On arrivingat the Guildhall, General Windham was con. ducted by the mayor (Mr. J. G. Johnson) to the old Council Chamber, where Lord Staiford, Lord Bury, many members of the corporation, and other gentlemen, including several Crimean officers, were in waiting to receive him. The gallant officer was greeted with reiterated cheers. The MsYOR, in presenting to General Windham the ad. dress from the Corporation of Norwich which appears in TVe Time-s of to-day (Saturday,) observed that it had beenunanimously agreed upon by-the Town-CounCil rearosenting the citizens. He (thoe b7yor) would make bold to say that no Englishman ever r-eceived. a more hearty and cordial welcome than that which he now offered to General - indham in the name of 70,000 citizens and inhabitants of Norwich. He would not attempt to recount the noble deed5 of General Wimdham, they would bo recorded in history (cheers); but he fervently prayed that that great God who had preserved the gallant officer unscathed in the midst of so many dangers would watch over him through every period of Hife, and bless him in every position in which he might be placed. (Hear.) General Windham would receive the rewards of a grateful country and sensible Government, and a Queen worthy of any people (cheers) ; and he trasted that he might long live to enjoy all the hap. piness which could be realized through the medium of a virtuous family. (Loud cheers.) The mayor then proceeded to read the address, which he handed to General Windham, amid a heArty burst of cheering. General WiN D AM said in reply,-As I shall probably have the honour of addressing a great number of those whom I see here after dinner this afternoon, and as this is the third occasion on which I have addreased public audiences since my arrival in Englana, I trust you will excuse my entering at any length into the topics alluded to in youraddress, forwhichI beg leave to thank yeu most sincerely and honestly. I have experienced in this county a more cordial reception even than elsewhere, although that was far beyond my merits. Since.Ilandedin Englandlhavo met, from tha Queen downwards, with such a reception as many bad half hours in the Redan would have been well passed to secure. (Cheers.) Onepassagein your addres3 particularly strack me,-"As Englishmen, we degred to see our brave soldiers maintain their ancient renown." I hope there is no one here who thinks they have not done so. (Loud cheering.) If you had landed, as I did, at Varns, and had seen the sickness and depression under which our soldiers were suffering, you never would have sapposed that -followed as they were bycholeratothe Crimea-those men, who were scarcely able to walk, would have plucked up their spirits sufficiently to settle the irst good affair between the Russians and ourselves in a couple of hour.s. (Cheers.) No one who saw the Britsh army mount the heights of Alma could doubt that they were worthy descendants of their ancestors who fought at Cressy and P'oictiers. (Hear, heor.) If, however, you think that victory was too easily won, take the battle of Inkermann, where our position was reversed, and where we were the attacked instead of the attackers. There, instead of being more numerous than the enemy, as was the case at Alma, we were not inore than one-sixth of their number;* but there the old British spirit was manifested, and our men resolutely ressted the enemy in a thick fog from the dawn of morning until late in the afteznoon. (Cheers.} Look too at wha the troops had to go through. ln the middle of tho winternd I see many officers here who can donfinr what I say-we had not more than 12,000 bayonets to do duty which rould properly have required-3e,00D. Why gentlemen, you meiht as well try in Norfolk to farm 1,000acres with capital for 300. (" Hear," and laughter.) Throughout the whole of the wintor, however, notwithstanding the hardship3 to which thev were exposed, the men discharged their duties without grumbhng, and with a cheerful reaiess which has Justly elicited the admiration of the country. (Cheers,) With regard to the attack on the Redan, in connexionwith which you have been pleased to speak so kindIy of me, I may say that I believe, m a military point of view, no one doubted that the distanco was too great; but Sir James Simpson had no pgotwer to alter the arrangements when it was decided that the French should attbck the Malakhoff, and variOus points of the town. We had, then, nothing to do but to attack the Redan. It was attacked with god spirit (cheers), butS from an immense distance. we hedd it for an* hour, hut we were ultimately repulsed. Surely, if we lost any prearge by having attckeod the Redan, and not having carried it, we- should have lost infinitely more if we had been cowards enough not to make the attack at all. ("Hear," and cheers.) We cannot blame our Commander-in.Chief for havigsaid, "Although we are not ready, and in proper postion to attack the Redan at the di-stance of 289 yar it shal never be said that the English army stood by with folded arms and allowed the French to take Sebsopoln (Loud -hoers) If we have lo-t 1n-rsagc as it is, wo should have lesS infinitely more if we had not made the attack- an.d, although I don't pretend to be theheroyouwonldm,ke me, I would rather have beenbusiedintbeditehof theo IRedan with the Second Division and the Light Division abovme, than that the British armyshould not have borne its fair share inthe assault onthat occasion. (Loudcheers.) I assure you, gentlemen, that I really feel overpowerd by the kidndessof the reception which hasbeenaccordedto me. Mfy feelings on returning to Norfolk are far different from I what they have been elsewhere ; for all that Imndtlovodi and admired in youth has been buried within tbe prcinct of the county, and I feel far more deeply the cordility with which my return here has been greeted than even the kind. news waw I lhare experienced in other parts of thbcountry. (Ltoud cheers.)I y Refreshments were provided in the Council-chamber by the Mayor, a nd after"* ' The heulth of the- Queen," followe by that of "General Windham, halud been drunk, the gallant officer was5 escorted by the -proc ession vrhich had attended him from the station to the residenceocf his friend, Mr. A. Hudson. In the evening General Windhaum wa entertained iii a ban eti in St. Andre w's-h all, which w as asppropriately deco- -rten'for the occasion. The red, white, iod blue banners of England and France were profunily'disp]ayed, eccasionally relieved by the stripes and stars of our Trastlantic couin. The chair wras takenk 'y the arl of Albe Ia. The orchestra, facing the charman, wras occapied by * nunber of eegatly&atti&red ladies, and uipon a days immediately behindtheprf*&al 'table`'acoom6dation. wa provided for the wife. fanily, and friends of Generl Windhan, and for The relitives-'acsd-friends f-'other Crimeian officers whs were present. Among the company were 'he High Sheriff (mr. . K. Long), theMayer, TLord Hastingi ILord Staffrd, Colonel Hod, Lieutenaini-Colonel''AstleY, Hon. W.1 Rous, Hosin. B. T.- Wodehouse,- Majo Fellowes. Major Bel. lair, Majr -Hoste,'Mr. H .H Bnrroughes, M.D., Mr. J. H G&e, MgP., Ma-or Bediifeld, Sit HE. Stracer, M.;p, Hoii. it. Harbord, Libuten;int Spirke, Mr. F. W. keppd,, Mir. W. Windha, - on. 0. Lzmbert Sir EL, B^din aeld Sir J. Preston, Major Straige, CiptainEI vod, gr. .' Kerrison, Captain Stokes. Lord- Snifild, Captain Adding. ton, SirE. X. B'uxton, MHo W.<Harbord b iKoEL Har. hord, Captcin A Wirdham,Ra., Sir W. Foster, SirS. Bid nold,a T.te 'rf T. Stewri'l (Sher'df of Norwich), Maeor Cockburn, Captain' X; * T±ivers,v Mfr.' A. J. Cresswell, Captain Merison,-r I.ientenant Malony, Fell Cata EdwaXrds, -Colonel Montague, and Lieutenant HE. 'W. W. Birchg.; - ~. ofThe asoble £CffiiP.Mir gave in succssion' "the Queen,". ThPoce Aliert mdtie thyelIfamihy," and "tce Armyand Nayy," the lash toast being spkuowledged by the Eon. Er. Th Wodehouse for the nav>', andl by: Major Fellowres 'onbehalf ofithe army.. '. ' ' .' ' ' i'The'Cnskij aL'o gave the "Disho,o ahd'clergy'of the diocese,?'. wrhich was- responlded to .by tihe.'Ven. 'Arch. , deacou Moter and the ord4:Lieuneant of the county. The CHsARasiq then said,-LI now come tothebusinesg of theevening-the toast 6f-fihe evenino.' Ith3rdlyneeds a rame. You rill at once an`cipate' the toast I am about to propose to your notice. (Cheers.) It is not necessrr thit I should dilate at any length on the services of the di.- tinguished officedr on myrigIit hand,:Geueral-Widham. (Cheers.) The deeds he has achieved have not -been done in a corner; they are known to 'his fellow-countrymen and to owU gallUantalliec.-and the: are salo very well Lknown Wi those who veroe our gallat enemies, but 'who are now our galuant friends. I (Loud cheers.) Our brive county-man' was mlwrays to ba found in the foremost rank; what be as, done is niow mataer of history; and if it were not, I am. not hore to trmpeit his. praisesnow; for x few 'months ago I spun navel-y longp arn to. number of those I amaddressing.- neeanotnow renindyou whatoffic-r .it was who, when all the mounted officers, seniors audjeiniors, iv6re dead' or woianded -aroutd him, brought the Fourh Division-of the Englishi arsrm off the field of Inkermanu (l6ud cheers) from the perilous position in -which their headlong -valour had placed them. I need nots now remind you *of the ranytedious days and nights during which that gal. lant officer performned his dulty as a general officer in the trenches, norneedI remind yomL-forthe swhole proceedings of this daytellmethatyou'wellrememberit-ofthebrilliarnt conduact which has gained for Charles Windham. the glorions title of " Hero of the Redan." (Loud cheers.) It is not merely to do honour to my gallant friend that we are met. We are met to celebrate an event that is essentially Norfolk. (Cheers.) The attack on the Redan wa one of those brief episodes in the history of the Crimean war that cannot well and properlybe celebrated except in the county ofNorfolk. (Uheers.) IT6 one can accuse me, an officer of 42 years' standing, os a wish to detract from the mierit of any officer inthe Queen's service; but this eveint of the Redan is peculiaryo rown. (Londcheesr.) Thepre stoldyonat t time wo bore prominent part in that conflict; indthe Commander-in-Chief selected 'the name of Vindham as the officerwbrthy of special notice in bis despatches. That notioe was responded to by the solc promotion for the deeds of the Redan. (Loul cheers.) A young officer, 200 below me 'on the list, was 3hade a major-general over my head. (Cheers and laughter.) My gallant friend was promoted to the command of a division, and immediately afterwards to the most responsible sitwltion of chief of the staff-an office. to which civilians may not be disposed to attach its full importance. It is one which involves the most; important dities and the most awful responsibility. To the chief of the staff is consigned All the important duties of equipping and of feeding an army and let me tel you, gentlemen, to illustrate the compliment which T consider was paid to our gallant guest's abilitiesbybding selected for this duty, the reply of the great DzIe of ellington to a question put to him by an indiscreet young officer, as to who would be placed in his stead were he to be Illd ? The Duke named an officer, and remarked that he was the best man, becausehe knew hoemto feed an army. We have had the Crimean army return from a country, not fatmus for its provislons-not like the field where I once servedBelgium-where everything came to your hands; and in what state did that army zeturn? In the finest and best state in every respect. (Cheers.) It was the best eq-upped army, and indeed, the bes. army in every respect, ch this country has been able to boast. (Cheers.) I don't wish to claim for my gallant friend more honour than is due, but will any man tell me that the army could have been in the magnificent state in which it has returned unless the chief of the staff had done its duty.. (Loud cheers.) I have now another duty toperform to my gallant friend. I have discharged my duty as a soldier, and now appea in the character of a country gentleman; and in that capacity it falls to my lot, as occupant of-the chair, to present to my gallant friend tliese tokens of the admirations the inhabitants of his nativo county entertain of hs gallantrv. I;Lord Albemarle here exhibited two swords wlhich had 'ben purchased by subscriptioi for presentatiorn to' "General Windham. One was a very hanudsome dress sword, in a crinmson velvet sheath, elegantly embossed; while the other was a servico sword, in the ordinary steel scabbard.1 The duty now devolves upon mae (continued Lord Albemarle of presenting to our gallant gnest the testimonial which has been subscribed for in the two articles I hold bef6re me. My gallant friend is not a coxcomb in anything, except it bo in his weapons; and I recoUect that previous to the purchase of the sword, on his beiag consulted, the only condi. tion he made was that the hilt sLould be weeU fitted to the hand, so that he could strike a go6d stroke with it. (Loud cheers.) Here (said the noble lord, exhibiting the weapon for service) is my gallant friend's fighting sword, and here (holding up the dress sword)ishisholyday sword. (Loud cheering.) With all my admiration of my gallant friend, and my wish for his advancement in the service, I do hoe for the progress of civilization, for the prosLerity of this country, and for the cause of humanity, that this sword (ths fighting one) may never be unsheathed. (Hear, hear.) But if Providence should order otherwise, and if the Queen should require the services of hier soldiers again, sure I am that this sword wil never be drawn in vain (cheers); but that it wil add fresh laurels to the wreath which already encircles his brow, and give us fresh cause of pride at having him for our countryman. (Cheers.) Lord Albemarle, amid loud and prolonged applause, handed the swords to General 'Windham, and then proposed the health of the gallant officer, which was received with reiterated bursts of cheering. General WINDAmr, who rras greeted with the most enthusiastic cheering, said.-Ladies and gentlemen,-I am proud to say that I was bora in the county of Norfolk ; many of the happiest days of my life have been passedin Norwich; and now I have the honour of receiving here the great crowning compliment of my manhood. (Cheers) I 5hall always keep and cherish the two sworcs you have this day presented to me, and when I am either too old to use them, or when I am dead and gone, I trust there will be found some descendant of my name who will gird them on his waist, and who will not disgrace that county which conferred them on his ancestor. (Lond and prolonged cheering.) I have received frem HerMajesty downwards the most extrordinary and cordial 'welcome that has, perhaps, been experienced' by any man who has arrived from the Crimea; but I tell youa honestly that the warmest welcome has been reserved for me in this my native county. (Loud cheers.) I assure you it has hai the greatest effect upon me, because when I came into this old county 'where many of those whom I loved moct lie buried, I felt more overpowrered by the warm reception with which I was greeted tha,n by that with which I was met by comparative strangers. (Cheers.) I am well aware it would be extremely absamrd to suppose that, at my timo of life, those who surrounded my cradle should now stand by my side; but on casting my eyes round this' table I am'happy to see many faces that I well rcmembar when I was a bcy. I have on my left Lord Albemarle who knew me in my boyhood. I see near me Lord Hastings, who has known me from my childhood; and I regret that indisposition has prevented my oldest, my best, and my dearest friend-the friend of my father too-fr6m being present on this occasion. It may perhaps be somewhat imbeconiing that,at a public meeting of this naturo, I should give expression to myfesaings of private andpersonal regard, I am aware that heroes are supposed to poeses hearts of adamaut, but as I don't set myself up as a grezs hero, I hope I may be allowed to have a little feeiing. (Cheers and laughter.) Basider, Norfolk men have always been famous for their attachnsent to their homesteads. I well remember one old man at Felbrigg who lived -to be npwards of 90, and who was only beyond tae hundred of Z''orth Erpingham three times in his lifetwice to come to Norwich, and on ce to go to Iynn (hughter), and when ho arrived at Lynn he was so rear the confines of the county that he at orce became ill. (Renewed laughter.) I well rememberthe first attack on the Rodan on the 18h of June, 1555. Iwaz j ot employed in that attaek. I was merely in reserre'and I in.' curred no more danger than any of my friends Whom 1 see around mUe. I happened to be sent by Sir L .Bentinckto find out what was going on, whenl saw a man two ortAhree yards a-heid of me walking alonig the trench. Aroundlshot flew over the rapet, and .lmost hid him in dust. I thought he was killed; but when the dust subdued I saw anindividuAl whose countenanc) presented a curious admix. tore of fright d joy. Scratching his head, he said tome, "'Why, dashny buttons, but thatwsmost amasn nigh. (Laughter.) The moment he opened his mouth I knew' froml what county he caine (a. laugh) andRIaid,2 "Aye, aye, my boy, we'd much better be diggig trenches at i a rod in Norfolk than fightiug here." (RenewedLaughter.) He was astonished that I had hit; upon his native o and his only reply wa "Wht are yetaw Ls from Norfolk?' (Laughter and cheer) But, gentlemer, let us dopjuti eto our own county. [urn your eyes there Dointo. intotheportraitsbY which thehalis sucroundedi, ana tme if yon don't nee, represented -apon canvas some of the finest men this or any other county has produoec (Chet¢s) I should be ashamed of emyself if I thought any littlhbitofserviceIhave Performed could even-approd s the heroism of the gallant Neln. (General Fwinadhm here turned round, and, amid loud cheering, pointed to ehe portrit of Lord NRelson, wahich hung inasediatey Iseland his chair.) I have regarded him as; one of the least selfish-arnd most pure of our heroes; an d if any futxe Bervicys of mine should only entitle Me oh i i sat his fee1 shbould fed Y U e .(Conia eheering.) It miust beto iayxic. fr; l;o kiow that if we cot approach the ,i,geiJer -lice of elds; *we have at atate, in tis old e, ' frOIe o a nsted bwhitwed mie de - (Hear I hear.) For-;nyoWrn psrtI Ism X h d E r I k the zeception which I-issve experienced iioday. Asu nen e f tbe army and aS aNoioLkznsnans Ipr lad to see thabsa many oficers of the satff and of the army have to-daw pu (lii their red coata and hoDnurD m by th , r p usne Their attendance is a proof to you, entlemtn,tthe Approrsl of my-conduct is mot confidtothis onnty,lbut that there some men in the army who think with you tht I did my duty. (" Hear," and cheers.) lord A1envil l I\reEB b oE sooD,rOsco aromen. '~£ pleased to pay mrie a highorervies aschief oflDe stf. - Now, honieXt d tellyer ao * t1- thae inhabitants of Leamington the ot6er day, that the dukies ofthatoffi6e are by.omea sod dffiultah mamenemnyt p-the MuPpos. I had at head-quarters,,as well as nthe divisions of tre army, a remarkably able set of y,oung olficers to carry out any orders that w6ii inluaed; and although T-kno it is the. habit of some'individuals-I do -not- say, ef the peI3gh at of'Binsin mvhen I Ioo at Tvle an Cud Lresos,but of tho23D,me ns dehof are fnd, hof £re -in the newspapbrs--to represent' that eyery- mitis staff offer is almost next door - to a fool, I1 -beg leave to tell yu that, in mny humble opinon, ndfth a fen onths'- practice, byih, at the commencementr -othe ari, thy uendofibtedly reqused ourstaff -officers were qute aseffidient is those in the -Fxench service. - (Heir, lear.px) In support obf that opliain,T -1would appeal 6tothaPPearace of the two arnies at the conclusion of the'*Ar. IDeftI the generash of division alone, forinix niy opinionit- is f. netter, to leave o men to, do theaw own duty tnxto--:be constantly inteifering with tbem.' If I -deserve anyfcredit at all, ibis becauee I allowed those who had certain dnti3a tdischare to herithemwithout inereiernce. (Hemr, Cer.a, ope era is no offcer of tlhe staff- who will:say C°ffl Id somc~-xt I6,9 persn .mv , h lld m .tbt. Ilever assumed airs, tha I vr gaeAimthe cold shoulde, or that I won1dnot liteni to G hat be h to say. When Is an offloer wAs inclined to do his duty properly, I always did v-,hatl eoild.to assist him; ian it di-I not mat.t tsr tome -wether hejidilhi duty in his ownwiy, ori R that -which I shouldl have suggested, providea it was el d6ae. (Cheers.) It m3ight, perhap,be too much to -sayth-t thire was no~jeaousy.at my promotion. Our no'ble ehairmaauihas toald us that be served at Waterloo, aned that!I have-. gone ov~er his heaAL,but that he is not jelus- andL belicv~ tlhat 3manj of thoW'over -whose heads!2 vpsasi the Crimefielt mo jW~ouky towarx1sme. (Hear, Lear.) (Oneof the bestVa Iweuas.oDe-ofth, oldesit roldierin our army-there-MajorGeneral Garrett% who served in the Peninumla whei lms in may cradle-camie utp to ame when my -pro-notiozi w~as announced, threw his' armok. not quite like. a Frezithman, renufid my neckr. but 11-e an Englishman rounhd mysihoulder, -pattedime on the back-, and said, "My good folloir,laoa tcharmed at it. They -went you -through a devil of akre you did it well; and I should not be worthy ofm'ryo.wi prmtion-if I did not congratulate you."- (Cheers.) That eineold officerhasnlot yet been promoted, but most sunc6rly dG-I hope that he and many-others-who have -keiformadjas efficient services as I have will1; at t'he end of this great war, receive their reward. (EHeAr, hear.) Lord Albemparle haa called.me the "Hero of fhe RedsLn,"but Ifeelaome delicacyj allowing that title to he conferr-ed. upon mne. Ire=ivd orders from General Mnrkhtn to attack the Bolan about 3 o'clock 6n th6 aftemnoon of the day. previous to that odu whic-ht'he assault toolk place. I Veceived thowedraers,. trust, calmly. I loolkedainto them to the bestofrayabWt,y. I'rentihomte. I aranged allmy aff-air-fo-rthis world, and,, au far as time wouidsallow me, those of thte world to comie. (HEear, hear.) i.said mny prayers that night with sinicerity; I slept soundly;.l wolke early, andl entered the battle. IfA -tiht consdtittes ahero y6u may give me the title. (Cheers) Thtere were any others who did theiLr dtuty j'ust as-well as I did. henI look at Welsford, and Hfancocke, -and Gough, and Unett, who coimmnaedef parties of t-he Light Division; when I look- at -Tyler, and, Caady, and -others in 'my own division; -whenI I lok aan Lysusof he23d ad Mud ofth 3d, wh foughtwit toysuperiority. I detest falsehuityamchsI o -mmboasting. I don't rtend thatl i o d ydt lik-e a soldlier; but Isayuia that -there wr crso tes of all ranlgs, who did their duty quiteaswl 1d. ("Hear," and cheers.) Ifee1 proud that Sir ames Siine*n singled me out to. spealk of me -with kIndness; that Genteral Ma.rkham mentioned mesin terms af approbition; and that my mush respected friendl, Sir W. Codrington, the Commander-i-Chief in the Crimea, did the same. When'! cas my eye round this table, I see imany young offcers presenit whLo, ni doubt not, will own I didl my duty fairlj ; aad I -trust no One -will be able to say . that I ever did, or that I ever will,, bear nmy haonours witha undue pride. (Lund cheers.) The gallat genieral concluded by again thanking the company fo r, -the cordial reception they had given hi, and resmed his seat amid enthusiastic applause. The C rA Ax next gave "the Crimean heroes," ioun' wtithe toast the name -of Colonel Hodge, who, he!s!aid just' reViousIy.to the bloody charge of BaisklavaL -was upnasick-bed, from,which he zose t-oplae himself at the hedof his regiment. Colonel HoDoE, who -was loudly cheered, returnedthanks, and ackniowledged most warmly the cordfial reception which.L has been j vn to the troops who haLve returned from-the Cr-ime a, Xbs=rvg th at, wh en o n thie man rch -with his ~ of hz regmen duingthepreentwee, teyhad received the 20,000 at Sheffiteld. and - Among the sabseguent toasts were "1Our Bravo Allies;" poe yGeneral Wiuaham; "Thie High Sheriff of the Munt," elmoledeclby Mr. R. R. Long; "Pro-sperity to the city of Norwsich," iesponded to by the Mayor; "1The: Members for the County," aceknowledged by Sir I. Stracey. X.P.; "1The MNember-s for the city of Norw~ich," for wfhich SirS. Bignold returned thanks.I an - "The Testimonial Comnmnittee," ackmowledged by Ydr. Biirch and Sir W. Foster. The last toast was "1Tho Ladfies," with which were coupled the names of Miss Nightingale and Mrs. 'Widham, and General. Wfindham, in returning thanks, took occasiou to, acknowledge the courtesy of Major Strange in hving attended at the railway station, to receive him, and havin accompanied him in his rges through the citv- with - detachment of the, RoyalHoseArtillery. The compay soon afterwards separated.-
THE BELGIANFE7ES; BBJUSSELS, AUG. 2. Lord Westmorland left Brussels yesterday, after a most satisfactory mission. The relationship and friendship existing between the Sovereigns of Belgium and Great Britain secured for him a hearty reception, the warmth of which hIs personal position and kina manners naturafly increased. The Enligsh public nll begladtoknowthat the representativo of their Sovereign was honourably received by the Sovereign and people of a truly constitutional State. The spoech delivered to the Eing by Lord Westmorland at his firs audience has been printed in the oniteur Belge, and. hlss created a very favourable impression. I send you the temct of it, which appeared in the originalas -well as in a Irench translation. The day of its publication was that on-wrhieh the King arrivel at' Brages, and the effect are apparent when I tell you that at both the dinners given to the King at that place " God save The Queen" was played and received with the greatest enthusiasm. The following is Lord Westmorland's-address "Sire,-Iam commanded by-the Queen, my august mistrees, to present to your 'Majesty her congratulations apon the happy return of the 25th anniversary of your accession to the throne of the independent kingdom which has flourished under your able and successful government. "The tender attachment of the Queen to her beloved uncle and the high estimation in which your Majesty ha ever been held in England since your early connesion with my country must increase and enhance the admiration and satisfaction with which Her Britannic Majety and her subjects vew the results of vour Majesty's wise and benoflont course in the prosperity and independence of your kingdom, the contentment of your people, and the attachmenet unli-ersally shown to your person. - - "These blessings are justly diue to the monah wvho has, inperilous times, conducted in safety the country which, Uner a constitution securing freedom without liceneo and the well-regulated lhhert of aIl classes, is a pattern of good government, order, and loyalty. In charging me to convey to your Majesty these sentimerts in the name of the queen, Her Majesty has oonferred upon me not only a high honour, bxt a taskthe mnost gratify*ng to my personal feelings from the devoted and respectful attachment which I have, for a very great portion of mv life, entertained for your Majesty, aud which las caused me ever to folow with pride and happiness the steps of your Majesty's nol-le career. "May your Majesty long continue in -the erjoyment or heaIthto reap the fruits of your successful exertions in this favoured country." The fitcs aro by no means orer. Qn Snday,the3d,the King goes to the town of lamur ; onx Sunday, the 10th, to Arlon; the 17th, to 3ons; the 24th, to Antwerp finiLinp on tho 31st with Ghent.
THE CORY TADXE XOE.-HAK Atr. 2. The iapreessin, prevalent respectingtheborthoomin harvest is ol the most checr ul desaripticn There everwaaru grat a breadth o, vwheat 'sown befora, and the result is regarded as likely to pro:e favoenable. The late splendid weather almost susesnded trade at the corn-market t-day, yetthe farmerswere by nomeanspresemEgin thee sateM The rewtrarstioiwmaereat4s.to5e.perqu;rterlertThaAnha wetk. Presont prices of grin and flour:-Whe3t, whits, 8is, to Si4s per 3i stone; red, 72s. to 78e. ; dour, super, fSe. t 5 6. per 2 satone 13ne, 53s. to Sis. L'ICESTER, Area. 2. The weather has beean exctly what Ws wanted for bringing the .rops to matarity. The acounmts are, on ther whole, faronable, and although in some parts the tan my not7s eld phaps so much grain as infcrmner favournable seasons, the great breadth of land whicheid beensown-walaaregardwsheat, in a greatmeasare oake up thiq deficiency. Upouisome of the best soil aheat is looking exceedingly, wel, and proria5es a good ce,op. In the Vae of BElcoir the oiell to' all appearance will be prolific; and in the district around Ca.stle DoningtonL thme will be somna exceUetnt croep. Barley is favourably spoken of, havin latterly mnach improved. Oats Ail,it thought, yieldan average. Complains of di eas wamong the potatoe-are mentioned. The hay harvet is concluded. and necich over an averge yield haz been secured, moat of it in good condition. The price offat stock has advanced a shade. At this market beasts vere in fair supply and the trade ruled dull, beef realizing fi. to 7L. perlb. Sheep ratber nmenrous, mutton waing 6.vU to 7.Sd. per lb. At this cor-nmarket to-day wheat declined i4SA per qoater. Oats were rCL per quarter dearer. Wi9ite wheat, Ws. to i9. ; red, 7Ps, to 7S3. oats, fib. to36Sl.; fne filour, ie ; seconds, SS& ; thirds, 31s. per raeof 20 stnae. At AElarket Harboruole wheat was 2s. per quarter cheaper. At loughborongh wheat wras t.o 2n. oweor; oats. 1Is dearer. DERBY, ArG. 2. The weather hes latterly been aU that could be desired, and the crops are fast cbanging colour. Iu this neighbourhood wheat is looking re" markably wlal the glowing summer weather causing it to ripen very, fast; Should the high tempersrure continue th harvest will be ea-rlier tbhan wa expected. Wheat on meat soils is looking well With resp3ct to barleythe sicometsyvary. Asfar uscan be seen, however, the crops promiaowell.althonghtherewfslinaU probabilitba a great nuimber of dea7 ears. Theoatcrop will, itis stated, be a fair yield, Beanus give! promise of absurdauce. Diseasein tha potato p'anthas shown itself to a slightextent. Tha present hot sedny weather'is r,favourable to turnips. The hay harvest has proved a r sno.abutdnatone- Fat stout has been a heivy.;.le. Atthisuarket. vith an exceUlent Eupplyof beasts (many of hrhiciremateed censold), beef made 6Ld. to 2d.perlb. Agoodunpylyof aseep, withsaelowdemaud, at7dLto 6.C per lb. At tfiel market, yesterday, wheat sold at a redurtion of 2a to3s. Oats wrere Is. to 2s. cheaper. White wheat, 7's. to Sis.; red, 7Th. to 76s. per quarter; eour, 55s. to SG;.; saetcr ditto, S5i. to tie per 20 stones, LINCOLN. AVe. 2 The late seasonable we3ther has had a most beneficial effect upon all descritotions of corm wachis rapidly changing colouxr. Bahvoarablo reports are given of the appearance of the w heat crop from most distrits. In the district aXroUnd Spalding wheat promises to be an abundant crop; it in ripening exceedingly fast, and will be soon seady Sor reaping. At Grauthasa whose iJ weU spoken eo aud is rapidly maturing; In the neighbonrhood of Sitaford the wheat crops ars - looiugmnstlisku aut. Some cats havrebeen alre3dy scCt. and with a continuance of the present weather resn3pt of wheat wilt soon follow. Barley in thess-districts is also loooking welL Oats will, it is raeid, tura out a better crop than was expected. Beaur continuetolookhealthy,aand it is clew almost certainthattheywill prove a heasycrop. The hay harrezt is completed, and the crops have ina lipar-t3eeU abundant. Potatoes arm on the whole satisfactory, -Turnips require more rmoisture. The prico of fat stouk had a donnared tendency. At BoEtou, with a-nsmll supplyof bes3, the tmrde ruleddullatformerrates. Sheep vcrrnunserouswieether aireizming7d.anudeWesg6Lrj perlb. At Newlark the praret wxastInly supplied, aodibeet madle Ps. d. tots. per stone -mutton 7d. to 7d. perlb. ijAt this coris-mark-et, yesterday, wheat sold at a reductlion of S. to P3g tOat3and barley thowed little alteration. White wheat, MSs. to Sits redI, fts, toW7s.; ;-hiiey, SSs.10le '1;oa3tsflisrtodi.per quacter.r At Graintalrough wheat deCined bl. to Is. per quarter. At Lynsa 'wisest dedltneda6to its. At Sie¶iaedthere was redostlenLof 2ig At Lenth whecat was Zls cbesper. Barley vas the turi dearer. At lYewrkthodeeine awas litawbeeet. At B>ttnwaheatdeclined3a.tto 4s.- AtAsfordwheat hastaedownwarilendenry *the bestwhite silEg-fonTs,perqua^rter; AtSfieel4lnzrhsutwmflatly3 Is. heaper. -aAONaSfT]Mi ArVo.2. Z Thie weather has been -brilliaut during the last two or throe days,? and the thetetun'iter has stoed a.: S7 and S3 iu the shade between 7 ,and ass D In O the poaorest lanods wrheats7 are ripeninesomewrhat ten qnickrly,andthedrarbeginto lsokhaked andebriselled; but, in the betwhea-rowing districts, the ears. leave filled and sweUed in-the msthe appea.orance auner; Tie9 rdoie from 2al sides speak velt of 'h aewfsshestwth-she excepun of somep3rtial instances of bh'ght, arising iroro the zapid succession o ehot weather 7fter the recenthumidatmo,-phersi Theero;pisnow at a most critical period of ita grotli Vlth.n contiausuce of the present groringhecat t'e great propoition orfthe eithaats would advance to matarityin rapia and excWjlent conrditon, -while any material ehange in tho weather vould bit hlbyrprejinlleial tethe eorufields1 generally. The difference iathe uleldsouidiimouentto severahbushe's peracre. Opinions differ as to. the,peribdofeonmeuoug the'whetbarvestin this digcis, but no onex expects it to begin before It days from this, and- the balk cfte stElgr*op ill net lisoably be i i. the hands of the reapes before a' foninetof th-,ee wree's hence. Iarley hragreatUY improvrillately; 'Aa aluan iant yleld-vitlFh z&eeptesle5 for amucha lews breadth of land than p -is-sndelsie si-singthis year. Ityls readyeforcutting. Oats ac,rt good crop, Deane will probabliy be te mnost proactire crop ever brovwe, reas -aroe eqallyjvroific. Although thle hp crop may rove nol tar sliut of aiiaerage, thD * bas latterlysnade soume havoc lnlthe-rlksatitiois -isrisrth Nottinithmshlre. - Accounti fromthe large potato-distrirt tothe eastofloucaatezspeak faroueablyofithe a7p~eeen;ce-6ftlaec,oje.<- - - - ' . - - - Thsrelsh6e a heavy and increasingfall in hthe-wheat trade. - The dec6line a t tlietofideis uesfaj's; arari:ets was is. to is per quia ter,,but it eas since'bea-Ssad its. said Sc per quarter. Te trade ia ilother d'ese4i*& nasheasbtonIdeprdsted3 - - - -f At4lsnasketi her4wrAsiprl .n ilatre supply of . r}sat, and qnoStints receded fully Ss. leer lead (ts. per qu rter) on lit descrepi2on Lttle ,tterition oc'ueread ma otiee, kinds, though there pr as a derne Wa&d tet'dnc?y: Peecestt o-dy :'-Whbeat, Its to 2fs. pericaxd o thr-ee imperial hash'elsi-i'ne, %;s to is.; o.r,ts,-26s, to SOS.- fine, ,lls. toll,,, tiid dlfg-hailty, $tr 46s -. t; -es - - - -, tXhe retilel badeh beenot been o-bith, lintaprcile "aye ase expenittered-mach van;ateona -At Eaisit BaIloutrde,a'r on seer-aB&y yearling stZceraiold for g. tiD £7, goodhlfheifrsin-ceevers 4,12 to fitsi! a cidethcrY wi'tifealves, ISi to £"it Fati bats sold at 7i' ad. to as. per stenei; lesnabs:bls toPi , s:;tton,Sd. tisd.er pouad. - iORTILflITC;Y Asm. 2. The repoutafrum naosapcts; see elesug asto theC probablle result of tho wsheatikorvedt Sums pBtcliea of v.incrwoebarle base been ailready cnt,aed,d indeed, rth the present hut weather the barvest ,wilt ei4i eoieneuee anD-right earuest, -In she ateisghwoi:hd wof Welalngtorough -the mieopi-ge,oatg-el Th cc _ = oun oadg beea ,.6e j. geaco ntscerally akrine that the rzsiaeg,4yedt tha.There s mommenticonof di se&AmofttPtM harvest nit shed me te'y. ..aee. tt h Yerm. The flOne weether ceued tbe AaIj J D cline. The pric of ft t4wk ham oaoaatiou,e. AFit ?.:ete orogh wdath* geci IwpPI7 of beass reac hd~1 sd,ta S. Perntone; mutton d. Zprlh; At tli oonm:rkat wheat Wan in moifrate , , a nlier wuuldrrotpurchaaeexoet a a tednri:U Oe leet we*ek'si pco., t aret ~ ipUieora e2- whsit,eulizPA g 7rci and 4 ed him Fr-qitaeto Wwiteltheal4mto7h; , ad,t o- e t, -. , W OIID,E;, iAuo . -. Thapastweekbee rmrkablerfo the extrar e.her.tf the weather. The whe tandbL-laycropshcareapidpened, 3j tar former is saidto bsae been stcbhed in place Where it is most er. poed. Afield ortwo ofbariey. haye been, cut already. b Irren operations will with a continuance of drx, fne wather, become ;eneratn r, fortnight from this date. Tkerc "re fe-ir onipigt of whest, although the plant is gthn 1nsore pliee&. not opromising., Adecdedfalling ofE took place in thg prloesof gaino-day. nEugliahrhlteW heat, 9, 4;a iO 9O, 6L, and red, i S. 6i to Ss 91perbushel; nialthatbuiey, 56S 5dt d3.1., jjdatkj. Ss. 2dto 5. 8I per busheL The neighboDurig marketsuye genatlu beenlover. ThirnecaneatEresham onMondy, OuThursbd at Wolverhamntoohe de s-clvii . to 3 -s BAtroms2rors arkeie English wheattrwe 3d to 4d. per bushel lower. BrozasbroreuctleAirswtsupVdedsbut buainrce was duflan,a prices raherlower. Bee, . to 7T perlb.; ;mutn. 6d.L to 7d., and Limb, 7d&od lb Pi much.cheaps-r {iWmOXSTE, Ao, 2. - TheFreaarkablofneven ofOPe weather and thO f ouabtse rePort3 fromtheorn-grawingdi4tect3 here had -a de6ided enect upDn thce raarkletto-da airadwbeat loam decined'in Ine in the latfortni4ht fu1153iy~ Euglishvheat about SAd4.to ss 8dder ba3heL. sa red Si.l dto 9sSd piebuebet - - uiartr At Cheteoa, Oci Thoredag niaat met a awoe a.t a declineo?3i to Is At Dovz, on Thorreda,thettlsha a dclne of 3.to i, Atffe. cbuyarnd Cicenc&estepeaces deghio cHl 14Olt , Jts Z31. Thi fne weather bIs predumd,in extrrd. effct e n fh nrketmheld yeaterdaid tDOdV in this didrict Agreit zli;aj atake'plce in theabpPance oe' the fso4arDditi noSr ericin :that the harrert-illbe broufatoneerller txn i that tho crops of wbeWt in Particular ,,iti ba good, Thi ind, therzmers to- to besm forward their 7A1pieseery fieely 'bli'is' milies refused to purthDt at a St *sxalhinc lik)e late sta'od whre sales w efected, they wrOigeerallytt G6., i1 cee3 7s., per quarter below the liast quotations At Dmis greane tion butlittleboantwas dan, athelder of coAt ror3 notrdi- pooedat once tosubait toit. The quotations vema.-White rleis,. 48s. to 7e..; red, 46&.to7is.L yeterdy. at Mishope StoNtnor, wrEls 'CCnsideriblY and where sales were effected they wers at a iatl ol:full t iifiiit week'squotations. LarleyWasIs. and be ansden s pe. to 1jLg; cbeaper than last wee. - ILthc matt-eta of Suffolk thsamd day elr edutiou ionrwe tassubmaittedto. AtWoDdbridgethececdinesS. toeg,ainoa1 Stowmarliet4s. toSs.; buine was dul antheo ratsI". CARIMD&MAuo. 2. The weather continucs inteniely hot, and atl phone of gra3A ar ratpidly maaturit In tse -eifihsuaXhtod o2 Newmarket thehj, Teet has commencedby the cutting of bWll rye and oats. l in this ditriet is looking. r2maraboy posning;* some was reap6Er Thursday atEaning, nud with a contilunuce of the esntctopitio; weather theharvest wril soon become geteral. Prom all prts iho repotsawefavouble and the preaent fLe weather wil crowm thu hirrest. Barley-ias ell spokenor though inmoePmertgratbeF da Inrseveral parts ot the county oate h?m been cut. and a Dp is anticipated. Turnipshave been attorkcdedbIthebac6irk r ly lTheat cuttin- has been commenced at SEvni f Pmrior, the cropfi3sgr ery ftre, aIthe grain excellent.- `?'cta2tOs W`e, on the whodle progresing well, althoch in one ortwo pares the discaaehaos$o$I, itself The cwps of ha sre exeedigy4-lrsr. . ,atatockbas nndergvneo change in Price. At p withs,-~go supplyof sbeep, mLtton sold at4.t 80. ta53. per Sib., with a good denmand. Atthiscorn-maLrket,t-day, wheatdectleed2s.to 3.perquarter. Ia barleytherewasveryEttledoiDgSat i"e n to e Oats maintamed, . vious quotations. At tRoyston wheat declined G6L pr buseL l,.o alteraton iun other sorts of grain. At St. lieot'vwheat wr& 3s. pe, toed cheaper. AtEly wheatdeclined4stof,. O&aswerels.lower. ' -NiOF.WXCi. Aes,. 2. The weather hbu been femmlrY hot and oltry during the wee- Thi will, o course, tend to accelerate the harrest and incras e t'ce produ=tion. Tho markets of the distrid have exhibited a decainingtsendency, ndl quotatoushavse 3s. t7 s. per quarter lorer. Eer to-dhiythiofa in-pdloes wr1 en more Ioatictable. A1airtsppljof wheast we brourghc forward, and the trade was duU at decliae OC 5s to7E, In barley and other corn the lit'le busiees effected was At loweer.ates. The general qoatations to day for wheat wero-rwhise. 7 to 76&; red ditto, G_eto perquarer. - 2ADJING, Au. 2. Mit: The past week has been alike remarkable for u pinterped dfnenes5 and intensity of hent. Eveninthasisdo*he thermomegerhj marked WS'. Theripig of cor bhas been cousequentl-greatly hasteed. -So ra-pidly has thae wheat matured that considerable breadth of the. new crop has ahrzdyfallen beneath the sicke. The Lunersrs report tshu condition of the nesw whet as extremely good, and the yield a3promising to exceedthe ordisy averge. 03ts have beec cut to a Is,e extent, and housed in eapital condition. Next week reaping wjilbh generaL Swedez and mangold-wurtzel present an unnaourasbi crpenrance. and this will tend to maintain the current high price of beef ga mdutton. .Atthis marketto-daythe supply of wheatwas afuU average. The trade opened with evident symptoms of depreaslou; and a fair proportion was ilearedoffat a decline of & and4in some iances, 6fIOs. perquarterx. Thebertwrlitewheat so!datis to78T.; andthe secon-a. ary qualities at GM to T7n; while last week the quotations wora_bet, ML5 to Si.' mxnlDsIing. 78s. to rh.led iwheat, beet, Iold it .6-s to 7Ps.; aud scoondary at ie, to Ge, 'For Barley tecre va-l a fair inquiry at foU terms, wic hwere from 43s, to 4ls. !Itos ,tA deaimne'of 2 took pIece. Tartary sold at M. to Si5.; aid Poland at 2Galsto23s. t-he totr tade is dAil aal a is expeted or about5 persack. The country 3narkets hame exhibited a considerable depreciation. 4t Basinpeto-e, ouWedresday, wheat was SS. to 6. loirer; sai4enboad. on the same day, le.to Ss ;2ewbury, on Tli ay, 63. to 7s.; r l.y on Thames. on that day, 3s to 4s. for fine qualities, and s. to Ge fbr inferior. OnEciday, stiWaUingford, 6s.to Ss.;andurtBighWyame, on tha7t day, an mu.ch as Os,to lil. pen quarter lower. DtlTh, AUrG. 1. There as a;ain a very depressd market at our Carn-Eschan;a to-day. Wheat must ha qeLoted 6d.to is., andoats 3Jto6alower. Iodiau corn was ilso rather duU of sale at a reucion of 1. pkr quarter. . sample of sapeseod appeared, which wrs3 sold at 37s. per banel.
T(Ararftsement] STEAM AND TELEGRAPEt JROAM zOAIDON TO7 LAHORE. TO T13E EDITOR OF THE TTLrES. ins= R t=MnUo has j b dr to t a rnying artilel in te lat nuberof AlnIize ai"on thxe establisbment of a stemn and tde1eph!c communnication betw'een this eoutmty and India. and, as the efrcuiation orthiis paper is neceesaily conitned to a. parti±uiar elam, I m desirous, througas the medium or yoar coiumns, to obtain for the articel referred to the publitity its jinportem ce de- I mands. AtNULU-INDIA-'f.' "TEEGlt&PHIC CO UtJtICATIONf \VITIf <ThDIA. " The acocleretiao of ite course between En2glLnd and India is oif snuchvns.-t importance, both in a PoUltical and commercial aspect, tbE= it becomes no unwrelcome duty to acknowledge our oblig3tions to tho3s by whose effo.ts the distance between the tw'o countrieesa pracaity cutailed. I this respect Mtr. Andrewt ias esAbished strong cLaimsm upon the grAitudo of every well-wisher of India. To hinm we azo indebted fortheSciadeaitway, which, withits proposed eltenWious, ill connecteverypartof itortherIndi withtneflourishing port of Kurache -Thi greztobJectbeingattaioed hisi next endeneour5a to connect the por. of Kuvrechee with that oi London by direct rai'way and steam comnnuniratton; auid here again Mlr. Andrew has boet seocsafl, comanyhavng ben ormd (he Euphrates Valley Itllae-ar yornspnyl. wader whosfe auslpioca 2t0he o-(t oef Lucahe witi ts recedin the Space of about IS daysf. In conjunnetion with this stupend.ous highwray Mr. Andrevv nowv Peopesee. Ia crow;ning scheme, to establish elec tris enosniunication betwieen Great Britain and Ibls mveral Presidencies of India. Thedetails o this intertiagpinjet wUll be found in another patb of our paLper. In fewer oci.. itig intended to traverse the Tsaie of the knpbmtes by a line of s.rea froam Seleucia on'the easternshore of the Mediter an, to Budsocab at the head of the Persian Gulf; tbuts enplying a connecting between the telegelpble systen of the East Ldia comn lontheone side, and 'bat of the Austrian Government ca the othaZer. Th¶e cSaplay which proposeatocomplete tbiscomuunicatiun isdeslga3ted the *nEuropean ..cd Indian Junction Telegraph Comspany,' with a capitat oGE _-.OCO in X10 shares. The East 3diaS Company have already consented that the experience whish Mr. O'Sbacghloesy has sequirea iii IndialbaU he mladie available fcr the line noR about to be conernectl, Directp ezsncml supporis.noreover es tdLawellfrr;m tbe 14i'.sh Go.-rnaentas fromthe Eastindia Company. Thsis3 no m=ore than reaeonebl-, forboth GLorernmenLs hire a deep stake ir the asteessGftbe1undertakiag. Onths onelLhna. itisimpsisihletofore zoethesbeaeuits tllsa will arise fwn. a ractical oppiunasatin f'tho feat f the lspcLdrial Goverament to tia richest or its dependencica~sLa on the other, it must- be patent to the list India ComPany that lba rbi to twhich their rossessions have been so coastantlyexPosed will be nowdi.siniahed in a almost incalculable degrf'-" eLenA ndian 2Mail,"July3l, 1I'6.
TciVEUPooL, Aug. 2.-The Royal mail SteaxnBhip Cauada, Captei, Lang, sailed hence for Boston to-day; with alarge cargo, aheavy oail. and132 3seengers. TheRoyal iraUslhip Ocean Chief, will tae ner departure hence foir ILrelbourne, withtbtsemi-monthlymai1ssand sl will b it .tended by the ship South Carolina withpssengeraiE gcd s. Boh- vessels belong to the -Black pac-kets. O . .-ne *%li uf of emigrants who haLve saed fro- mivernool for all fore ports during the pastnonth ws 9,94 as steerge, andlj as cubin passengers, .befdes J605 Wnho went out inl sh-it ship. - Seven shie, the -Aihora iG.,) Morning ligl4t, Mar. m -iBlaack Swan,Eagl, lerlin. aad Fulwood, eiTe tro' ceeded fo Melboure with 1,918 persOnS, of liornc:-, li5 vere English, 237 Scotch, 4291rish, 91 natives of other countries, and 46 abMn passengers To -Sydney theie^.wa only .oiDe.ship, with 37Q0peaons on boatL To Can3di, UVie ship, with 418 passengers; and to.the United.tateg-19 ships,,with 106 chin aund 6,417 steirage uaserngers, ofirhoi 1,f oDwere 26glish, 218 Swotch, 4,350 Ir and 299natires of ot-her cou3ntrseg - the' eo0t:date of :he 15th uIt., briefly tAe - thsa miCe feaful arI destructive explosion occurred in that Tur,j.k tow- on Triday, thellth of Jualy. A Jire:broke ouit i.i quarter of the European waiahouees, and. caused the i tion andexploaiorn of 20 bar of ginpowlder i the tow ofa F.renshm werlaat. Mr. C. Blunt, the long- e and indefatigable -ritih Coul of Salonia, wua la Xhe idst of the XrdL<ation, previouily aidng in the extena;. tiont -of bhe original fxi. -A mxn wa lulled4 b 2u maide, .and his Turlksh -guad suffered everely, in-woDnds: frznm the domdag show -oi stonesf be rafters, acid {kploedmerie Th exact numhe e kdlled aind! vmd ed ri not kown bj the Last * b thc Phxueeiniated te iznortuat yrctin of both lam s as exceeding .000-pe - - - CIcYSLf i. ALkCL-E X[LIMC G)Ar, D SaWrdayr .&gt 2-.AniJioni on peyanet,4 590;-d .ecz .il-a ,0; ea -eiiQs - ,
*WLWA : ZN TEZZIGENC . 3nD-RENT. 'Xaew-lryearly"ineetiXg- of this-company was held. on Sat-urdlY at tho' ifi-ce Grchamwhousw, Old ,3road-street, Si_. u1_bbcCkaintho chair. III.- _ Tliftcreiazy 'read The report5 which'stated"thlt coneiderio 'e prvreifs bad been imadawith thes-oris sincetheir commencement inFebr ary last. eAs the-hceviestportions ef isneM arc nos well advanced, the directors have e-very ren-to- beleve. that thle DseninDg will not be del.iyed be,gj, the lst of J'enuary next The company having contracte-for the execution o the whule'of the works fora fxedgn, the direc'ors do not antidpate - thiLt the orii:nal estilzt 1will be exceeded. Arrangements have been mnade with the Wesbt London and Crystal PalaceCompanyfor thedc'nstructionanduseof th-Beckenhaxiijointstation,w,vich wiLheL advantageous for ]oth companies. The. arrangements for the station at the junction wihbthe North Kent Litr re not yet complete. It is proposed to'erect a staion th&lwhich mill-answer the pmrposes of' botcompariea.. The. act for theline from Broriley to St. Mlary's Cray has received the Royal asment, and there, is no doubt of that line-p:ovin.' a valuable sourca of revenuve to this company. The _cawou~nts show that 27,46tL1 had been - receiree' are'-1%036. expended to the 30th of J8une last, leaving a bhsslene of 8,4251.*. and ie is excpected- that such- a' fur,thXer &mount will b3 received on accouut of calls during the nuing monlth alS Wirl make half the capital paid np. TheCstentssas liasirn moved the, adoption of the re;orta abort- discussoior ensaed, in the course of vwhich it lras stated that the whol ofthelsend s noswin the hands' 6f the-contractor with only one uniinportant exception. The report was then unanimously adopted. On the motion of the CiAU'rLuAs, suconded by MIr. L. SISrIPso, the directors were authorized to borrow any sumn' or eums not exceeding in the whole 25,0Q00. Resolutions were passed confirming the forfeiture of 447' sbarei and appointing Mr. C. Christian an auditor of ithe company. In reply to questions, il was stated that a large number of shares had been taken up hy one gentleman, who was unable to pay the calls, and that had caused a deficiency of about 20,0001. in the-ehare capital which would have to be made up. There was no doubt that the works would be completed within the original estimate; bat that in conseqhencc of the stations at Beckenham and Lesisham not beinc'iacluded in the original estimate the specified amount of S6,OOW. wouild he exceeded. The South-Eastern Company wo-uld work the line when completed for 50 per cent. of ihe receipts, and wrhen the Mid-Ken!t Company received 51 per ent.- ~- annum upon* a specified outlay, thesurplus would be divilded eenally DetwVeen the two companies. A. vote o£ thanaks to the chairman anId directors conclu2ed e p'j~roceedscgs. GLOCESTEPR AND DEAN FOREST. T'e half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Giocester on Saturday, Mr. S. Baker in the chair. The report referred to the statement of accounts, which showed a balance applicable to dividend of a sum equal to 1s 3d. per share, free of income-tax, with a balance in hand of ll51. This showed an improvement of 3d. per share, last hadf-years dividend having been 12s. per share. Taldkg into"calculation the deduction for income-tax, this dividead was eqal to B5 per cent. per annum. The directors held the ha-yearly meeting on the earliest practicable day, in order that the shareholders might have the benefit of the di..iaend at the earliest moment. The CI.RAasLiN having briefly noticed the contents of the report, a short discussion took place, and in reply to 4uestions put hy a proprietor, The Secretary (Xr; Nash) said, there was no, preseat pr6spect of an increased dividend on account of the Hereford,Ross, and Glocester line (which company runs over th whole of the Glocester and Dean Fores' line between Glecester and tLe Grunge). The traffic of the Heref6nl, Ross, and GlocIster line was very good, but the capital had been incrased beyond-what it had been anticipated wouid be'required."- PMr.rPPrcx, M.P., stated, with reference to the expected competition between Hereford and London, by the construction of the Worcester and Hereford Railwav, that he did not anticipate the 'Vorcesterand Hereford line when opened wodad materially injure the traffic of the Hereford, Roes, and- Glocester, and Glocester and Dean Forest line. The lines would be to a certain extent competing lines-aB between Hereford and London-but the torcester route woould be abont 10 miles longer than the Glocester route to London, the Worcester route being on the narrow gauge, -i;l London and North Western line, and the Glocester on the, broad gauge. Avote of thanks to the chairneanwas carriedunanimouslly, and the meeting separated. NORTH LONDON. The report ofithe directors of this company states thatthe receipts from traffic for the half-year ending the 30th obf June last are nearly 11 per cent. larger than they were in the corresponding six months of last year, while the working expenses _ave increased only 21 per cent., notwithstandinr the.extrachargeof5s0o on the past six monthsin diminutioi of the suspense account which was opened for the eradual liquidation of the expenditure incurzed in altering and i'mproving thelocomotive stock. On passengertraffietheinceas9 amounts to 4,1301., and on the goods trafic there hns beenaz inciease of 2,535l. Due care has been taken to maintain the locomotive and carriage stock, as well as the permanent way and works, in the most efEicient condition. After the payment of interest on the company's debt the net balanc, available for dividend is 20,510!. This sum is in excess of the net balance of tho corresoondin- six months of last year, and will admit of theO payment of a dividend at the rate of 4', per cent. per annum, being a quarter per cent. msore than was paid in the same nod of 1855; and the directors recommend that a rivyidend at that rate be declazed accordingly, leaving a balance of 2301. The liabilities of the company on capital account have now been ascertained, and the assets are more than sufficient to meet them. The directors state that they availtheczselves ef every opportunity for disposing of such of the surplus lands or houses of the company as can be judiciously.parted with, having in view the closing of the capital account at the earliest possible period. The capital account to the 30th of June shows that 1,318,720I. had been exPended and received, includmg 3S,7681. advanced from revenue account. The borrowed capital amounts to 324,S001., and the average rate of interest paid for it to 4 47 par cent. The revenue account for the half-year, the 30th of June, showed that oS,7261. had been received, and 31,1121. expended, including 5,462t. for toll to the Blackwall Railway Company, 2,079!, rates ,and taxes and passenger duty, and 1,626!. for dock and wharf charges, leaving a halance of 27,7621. From this is deducted 7,2511. for interest on loans, leaving with the bala nce of 148!. from the former account 20,-510l. available for dividend. EAST LANCASHIRE. It sppears the directors of this company intend to recommend the shareholders at thc half-yearly meeting on the ins., to declarca dividend atthe rate of 4 per cent, per annum on the ordinary stock- of th c ompany. TRA&FFIC RETURNS. Mile 1'as- 55cr. Total, Tota, a1nM Open e enegrs chandiee. Ts54 1815,, Week ending ulya 2i. Xlzacse and Wasre . ; 'S . . . 261 IBISH RAILWAY RETURNS. rnz EsP TO rm wn1Zorz DATEs 5 ASU'D5M Nlie of Rzwa z E£. d.. 5. Belfat so ~ardalscnna, July 26.. * 1,165 160e. 915 6 0 3dfaeand Coznty Down. J'ulys 27-. 368 12 4 42? 4 6 Cuzk Zd andou, July N.. 2-- : 5) 6 6 .,24417 2 Oisi, I3IZCtock and Peasge, July209 513 4 6. 254 16 5 ab]n and Tiatw,Ju!y 29.. 2,083 9 6 -. 1,978 7 3 cod ~kIre'July29 .. .. 12 18 I . 4U 1 5 fluz3n and e~Jm~o. July 27.. 1 ,415 13 1 . 1,318 17 9 :cs a Iaran. .. E8h le 0 la o 99 0 O 3ablinandfDrogbLeda, July7 ..1.674 10' 4 ..1 1,660 4 3.3 .. d . e,v 403 4 11 .. 3 o 20 6estSOUthe-rnald Wetee, July 2. 7,176 10 8 6,441 5 8 1rUSeuth-Z tem, Jul 267. 6 283 17 8 s 3S0 17 0 M=e Jusncton, July26 3 . 659 16 6 BS i10 11 IZndcnderry and Eunil-ekiucaJuly 26., 1758 50 ., 89 1I 5 1.117r6 .3.iS6-2 11 WatrIr! ad ileny,Juy1 , .550 2 ..-353 2 3 Waacfr,Ian Llselca Jly 6 . l26 i 85. 1,113 13 5, Ws±erfod an Traiers, uly 2 -.2819 .. 021 5
'How ~en to nb _1-h rport of the Chelsea Commissioners is a Insnuol or guide-book to the scienc of t e in c ce fow not to doit." Let itbe reissued by some enterprising -oubli,her as The Oficer-hzis Dutis, and hose not to do thess. The directions are perfect. We had an army providedas far as appearances went, with every requisite for success and subsistonce. It had, besides the generals who were to letd itto victory, a host of other generals to tako care of it -adjutant-generals, qeartermaster-generals, commissarygeneraLs, with actsng-assistant sub-deputies, and other subordinates with half, the letters of the alphabet stuck after their names, to find it with stores, to clothe and pr ovision it. What more was wanting? Nothing. There were the executive officers, and there the troops requiring the stores, clothing and food. The only thing that remained was ingeniously to discover the way ' not to give them." That -was soon devised, and the Chelsea Commissioners have approved the device as in full accordance viith the rales of the service. The adjatant-general did not properly c65tle this army, the quarteniscter-general did not supply it-with suitable stores, and the commis-ar--general did not' sufficiently feed it; but each and afl caLled' upon somebody eEe to do something else, and the somebody in his turn shifted the responsibility, and the something was not done aftez- al. Nevertheless, the adjutant, quartermaster, and commisaaxY*general are admirable officers notwithstanding an;dmust not be blamed. The old woman in the nursery rhyme whose return home from market was delayed by the refusal of herpig toget over the style called upon the animal addvegetable kingdoms, and the elements to boot, to help her, just as the staff in the Crimea caUed upon heaven and earth to help them. The water would not uench the fire, and the frab would net bunm the stick, and the stick would not beat tha pg, and so on. - In like manner Airey could not- help wherzl,and-Vetherall could hot help Gordon, andGordbncould not helpFilder, and Eilder could not help himself. So they all came to a deadlock, till private charity stepped in to give them breathing time to recover from the panie theirownincapacity hd brought upon them. A quarternastar general is, we suppose, the only official extant who receives without examination materials upon the fitness or dimbility of which thousands of human lives under his charge may- depend. .According to the principles of "how not to- do- it:," he has merely to make requisitions. If. he asks for bread and receives a stone, or rice vend, that is ndthing to him. He may gravely serve out Mlacademi for rabdon;, and supply biscuit for making roads, and to him no- blame can -possibly attach. And so wvith eveiybody iipugned. Considering how admirably, indeed, the com-- mLsAinemt throughout - their repdrt tustain the rad principle of "how not to do it,"' we&must reallythink it-natatcr of some marvel that they should ever have LsOn--brouOht to make their report at all. They have ceTlainly aOne that., and it is a piece of work not likely to bh forgotten duincg tbg yzeseflr&tjvp at t, sgn.r,rr
-LAW REPORT. eCOURT OF CEANCEY, ]in coN's.mT.-AUGUsT-2.. . ? ZOILNE. V. rwlaox. - --- -- , - ?: ?- I (Bef,wc thc LorBD CaNCELLoR_ andn the LORDS JusTICs. I . : . of ApPEALA. - - This application for- leave to rehear a 'decree made by Sir Wiliam Grant n the year 1815, with-a view of rectify-' ing a settlement 3a1e in pruance of..s -achacree, wa [argeedSome time backand stood over for judgment. The Iquestion srose under the will of Thosas Woodrouffle Smith, by which the testatordevised-real estates to ruistees upona trust, for the use and benefit of all and every 'his children who should live to attain the age of 21 years, or be married, which should first happei4 'in equal s~sares or Wroportiuns undivided, tor an*. duriug i their respecotive lives, with-- retnader to their- issue severally and respectively i tail :genera!, with cross renainders oeres and he directed his trustees to make amd eiecute a settlement of his said- real estates: accordingly. The testator left two daughters, Mrs. Barton and laria' 'Woodrouffe Smith, who afterwards marriedV.Mr. He3d. 'Upon a suit being instituted to carry out the vill, a reference was made to the master in the year 1815 to settle the said real estates according to the will, and accordingly the settlement now sought to be wectified was made. -By it the estates vere settled with cross- rmainders between the family of the two isters, and not, as contended for-by the pzesent applicants, in conormity with the will, which gav sthe'entirety of the property -i remainder to the surviving sister, in the event of either dying without issue. Mrs. Barton died without issne, leaving her noiety to her husbatid-and Mms. Head also died without issue, leaving all herinterest in tho estates to her husband. The property had been repeatedly dealt with ince itudz the sole question now was -sshether this Court should, after 31 years, ascerta - wheNthor the settlement, which was 3uade uder a decres, was in condornity with the will, - The LORD COHACELLOR this mo'ning delivered fhe judc-ment of the Court, and, after going through the facts of the Case, said that they were 1naniuso1iAY of- opinionthe decree oight not to be reheard until the petitioners had first established their right under the will of T. W. Smith; or in otclher words, had proved that the iettlement, wluchpur. ported to be in conf;ormity with-the will, was not FO. For that purpcose the przesent-peEtiton would stand over until ne t Hhlaryr Term, to give the petitioners an opportunity Of filing a bill to establish such title. Ordered accordingly. Ju;Y 31, A.M. AMD 2 (Before the LORDs JusTscrs of APPEAL). HALL V. HAL. Among the heavy, but fragmentary cases argued parts of days during thelast week was the 3bove.' The hiU is liled by two infant children of the late Mr. George Fredezick Hall, of Norfolk-street, Middlesex Hospital, pawnbroker, by Mrs. Anne Moore, of Warren-street, Fitzroy-square, widow, their nemx friend, against the widow of Mr. Hall, his brothers, and a cousin, and Ransom and Co., bankers, praying an acoUnt of thep ersonal estate, an injunction, receiver, and otherrelief.The case *as filly reported in 27ne Times when it was before Vice-Chancellor Rindersley, and now comes before the Appeal Uourt to discharge or vary three orders made by his Honour, by one of which he directed Mr. Brandon, of 15, Essex-street, Strand, the former solicitor of the neat friend, to indemnify that lady against certain costs of proceedings in the suit. This gappeal n.otion was the one most particularly and elaborately argued the contst being whether Mrs. Meore had been fully or otherwise properly ilifonned by her solicitor of the proceedings taken in the suit, and, if so, whether suclh proceedings wvere reg;ular and proper. Mr. Swanston and r. Clement Swa3nston were for the appeal;Mr. Glasse and Mr. Roxurghfor the defendants; and Mr. Fooks for the neat friend. Mr. CLEMERT SWANSTON was heard at great length in reply. A, the conclusion of his address, Lord Jusfice K1mGsT BRUCE said,-The ease has been, Mr. Clement Swanston, exceedinglv well argued. Neither [oa nor any other counsel can miake materials; but the case has been exceedingly well axgued. Their Lordships have deferre judgment until Tuesday (to-morrow) morning. RX PAr.TE turT, ni rE THE i3N'VEtS PROvroENT LIE I MASSOCITAON. I Mr. 1,EE, Mr. ILoYD, and Mr. ftoRemuotH appeared in support of this appeal from a decision of the aster of the RoKs whereby he had refused to make any order on the motion of Mr. hlunt to reverse the order of the Chief Clerk, whereby Mr. Munt had been placed on the list of contributories of the association. The facts, so far as they can be stated, shortly were, that 3Ir. Mint, being a director, and wishing, with other directors, to Ietire, made an agreement to relinquish his and their shares, rights, and interests in the association to the association, and in consideration thereof the remaining directors released him and them from all liability, and the shares were accordinly transferred to the association, the transfers duly registered, and the prospectuses of the association altered by the omiss.on of the names of Mr. MAunt and the retiring directors. They were, however, placed upon the list, .and the Master of the Rolls refused to remove them. hlr. Munt and his co-directors so rethina, considering this a hardship, for in effect it would be to sold that " once a director alwa director," appealed. Counsel contended that the appellnt had done all in his power to apprise the public of the change; that everything had been fair and noni ted4 and that therefore the decision of his Honour the Master of the Rolls could not stand. Mr. Selwyn and Mr. Beavan, for the respondent, were not called on. Their LORDnn PS dismissed the appeal with costs.
-VICE-CflANCEaLORS' COURTS. SAI'TmTrABv 9 IN B AE THE MIYLRBONBANK, EXPARTE THE EARL OF TTA ?lPTVVTne" (Before IiV--Ch- rnp, S ri R v V,'rT n', - -' This was a motion asking that, the Earl of B1arrington might not he declared liable, as between himself and the representatives of the late Dr. Walker, to contributte to the payment of the debt incurred by the bank to Dr. Walker, in repect of payments maade hy him for the purpose of liquidating to customers moneys of theirs in the hands of the hank- at the timne of the faiure. It appeared that a meeting took place in 1838, when Lord Harrington, then Colenel Stanhope, was allowedl to retire upon certain terms appearing in a minute of the proceedings, the only point being that Dr. Walk-er was not present at that mneeting. M. Glasse and Mr. Soutbgate appeared for the Ea,rl of HarrLington ; Mfr. Cole for the representatives of Dr. Walker ; Mr. Roxburgh for the official mnanager. The Vx cE-CsLANxcELR.o, having reserved his decision on the former occasion, now expressed his opinion to be that, although Dr. Walk-er was not preent at the meeting in question, he never objected to the termns of Lord BarrinMg- WalersrepesetatvesLor Barigton was released from ll caim; ut tat di notof corse,affect hiis liabiliy geeraly. e shuldgiveno oat ofthe represent- (Beforec Vicc-Chancdllr Sir W. P. Woon.) Tmg COflUvaTs OF MoMNNTOiNco V. KEASNE. M1r. SwErNvy, and Mr. Dz Gsax moved, on behalf of the defendant, that an attachment which had been directed to isue upon an ex parte application against the defendant for the noni-production of a letter-book, under circumstances which have been-already reported in The Tinier, might not issue. The defendant's cler7k mnade an affidavit in which he swore that the statements in which the order for the attachmient bad been made were incorrect. M1r.PRniN,G appeaed insuapport of the order; but The VicE-CEaAxcsaor directed-the motion to stand over in order that the defendant,-who wase-xpectedlto return to Enigland on monday, might make an affidavit, the attachasent being stayed in the meantime. The VicE-CHAaNcvazo, having disposed of the remaining c,L-es in his paper, rose for the long vacation.
ADLRTy COURT, SA'RDAY. AuG. 2. THE CLLOP.WrA.-CoIsM tZCTore J-kr I.TTQsTsrM - I 'une mnls, a screw steainvessel of -the burden of 1177. tons, with two engines of 315 horse-power each, belonging' to the Peninsular and Oriental Steamn Navigation Coranny,and the Cleopatra, arsteamvessel of- the 'burden of 1,452 tons, propelled by two engines of -the coilectived power of 2Z., horses, the property of the Canadian Steam Navigation Company, came into collisi6n with each other in the ;1sa of Marmors, about 40 miestothe westward of Constantinople t l 50 am., on the 14th of August last. The Simla,wass bound in ballast from Eosloo Bay, in the Black Sea, to Beyront, calling at Scutari. The Cleopatra left vealta with troops, having- the sailing-transport Talatua f70tons hardlen, in tow, bounid to-Constantinople. Thea eaher was fine and calm. The Simla alleged Wthat she descried the Cleopatra distant about two miles, wlereIpon she ported her helm, and afterwards put it hard a- port and stopped her ellies. The Cleopatra continued to approach her rapidly, and o n coming -within hailin- distance 'ith her helm hard a-starboard she was londly hailed to port it, which she did at the last moment. The engines of the Simla were then turned a-head, in order that the Cleopatra, if she had answered her helm quickly, might have gone astern of the Simla; but the helm of the Cleopatra was shifted too late to make any sufficientalterationinher course, ind sho almost immediately ran stem on into the Simla, and I did her considerable damage. She attributed the collision to the Cleopatra on first coming in sight of the Snnla starboaraing instead of porting her helm. The Cleopatra pleadcd that she discovered the Simla distant from tbree.tofomumilesbearing aboutthreepointson her starboard bow, whereupon she first starboarded herhelm, and aftervwards put it hard astarboard for the -purpose of making the courses of the two vessels further diverse. The Sitnla aptroaching at the rate of nine knots an hour neared the Cleopatra's starboard bow in a direction to pass well clear cf her, and then suddenly, when too late, ported her helm and attempted to pass ahead of the: Cleopatra, thereby renhermg acollisfortinevitable. TheCleopatra's hbelmwasimmediately pat hard astarboard and Imer engines stopped, but before they cold be reversed the two vesels came into con,act, in consequenceoof which the Cleopatra sustained considerabledamage. Shedenied that her-'helm was poxted, * and asserted that she did everything in her power to avoid the colliion. Cross actions were entered by -he rte' spective parties.._ I ,' - . - I Dr. Jss sa and Dr. DE usss were heard for the Simla, Dr. ADDAIS and Dr. Twiss for the Cleopatra. The T ELDn. Bjscrusrwere of opinion that the Cleopatra was solply to blame. - --; The CouTwr pronounced agaimst her in both actions.i ' THlE DESPATCH.-COL8ION. I: In thEis case also there 'se-ro cross a.ctions. The .schooner- -Glide, of tbeo burden of 142 tons, pxoceedjng from'Amlwcb," rIn ballast, to i&verp?ool, andtboe stearnshp-bespatcb,'of :thce borden 'of 294 ton,- With enugines of l20-Jsorsa poSVei-,'bound firom Dublin to liverpool, came into collieion wiSh' eac ioh.crpft 122W am1o «ez tlmt 1sf ToVenber lAst0 about gne mile from -the north-wept lightship, At the entrance to the river Mfersey. The' direction of the wind 1a S.E,- and the -weather, 'according to the schooner,- was hz, but, as represented by the steamer,, dark and cloudy, wnthout haze or mist. The cours of the, schooner. in S.S.W.-; of the steanier E.S,, The schooner allegedihwt she wvas dose-hauled on the port tack, and on descr-ing the steamer on her starboard quarter, distant a'mile, sho imme' 'diately exibid a light, and--kept aild on herreub expecting that tUa -steatner would undef her stern, which she might -easily have done. The steamer, howeVer, xwhich wss proceeding,at the rate of nine knotseamhour, ap* ,proachedtha schooner, without'aiy alieati-on in ler course,' until within the distance of about three timaes her own^ -Iength, and then, instead of going astern, attempted to &iass ahead, and thereby -endered a collision inevitable. 'The'. sc,nooner put her hehl hard aport, but the steamer ran. athwarb her hawee, and struck her such a violent blow that ahe afterwards foundered.- The steamer represented thab ste saw the schooner three points on her port bow, distant fr,onmnatqter to halfamaile. The schbDrier had no -light' ,eichibited.- The hahn of the steamer wasportedaiidthena pSit hard toport, and she paid off severzl points, hut the ,schooner ,ran stem on into hbr.' She cnarged-the schoon6i ,with ,not keepiga proper lookout, notshowing alight, ana& isgt porting-her helm in sufficient time.' 'ZDr.ABDAS an'd Dr. STISS wereheard for the schooner; D BAsonRD and Dr, SPIsN for -the steamer. , ,The learned JIMcE haviyg caaUed the attention of his ssessors to the facts of the case, ' , The ELDER _ TLmitzN said they were of opinion that he blaiae rested entirelywith the steamer; thatb it washer duty, on first observing the schooner, to ease and stop her enges, and not to go on in the recldess man- ershe did, especially.in such a narrow channel.- They: wVere further of opinion that there was a great wan. of hnmniti on the tart-of tne mater of the steamer in not having stopped his engines immediately- when he saw the aiisent which had occurred. ,The-1ea1ned JvoGE,. having pronounced -against the steamer, added thatie t oncurved in all which the Trinity Master hadsaid as to.thehwunt o mhanity in not;[oing back to look after the crew of the schooner. If the Trinity 1I ,astershad-been of opinionthat the schooner was to blamie 1 he never wouldhave given the steamer her costs.
SUMMER ASSIZES. SO0ME CjiRCUI. CBELMSFORD, AuOusT 2. (Before Aizr. JuStiCe BRLE cind a Special Jury.)' rLISTE -ANnD ANOTER V. LEATHER AS)D ANOTHER. This cause was further proceeded with to-day. Sir F. Thesiger (who came down on a special retainer), Mtr- Bovill, Q.C., Mr. Lush, and Mr. Webster were counsel for tbeolaintiffs; tha Attorney-General (also specially retained),7 Mr. Chambers, Q.C., Mr. Hindmarsb, and Mr.' Lloyd appe.red for the defendants. 1 It has been already stated that this action was broaght a'ainst the defendants for the alleged infringement of two patents obtained by the plaintiffs in 1850 and 1852 for imn proved woolcombing machinery. The plaintiffs carry on a veryextensive business as woolcombers at Bradford and Leeds, and the defendants are engaged in the same business at Bradford. Although it is said that a vast amount of pecaniary interest is involved in the inquiry, the case is mostly of importance to the parties concerned, the object of the plaintiih being to secure the use of the invention, which, it appears, effects a vast saving of manual labour, to themsalves, and it appears that they are receiving from many firms in Yorkshire so much as 3,0001. a-year for license to use the machinery in question. In consequence of the numbex of models that were exhibited in the-course of the case it was found impracticablo 't try the ciuse in the Nisi Prius Court, and the County Assembly-room was therefore appropriated to the purpose. A great number of Professional men were called as witnesses for the laintiff, and, aording to the testimony given by themo the niachinery made use of by the defendants was an infringement upon the plaintiff? patent, and any deviations that appeared in it were merely of a colourable nature. It also appeared that in 1846 the plaintiffs purchased the interest of a person named Heilianan in some Woolcombing machinery which he had, invented for asum of 30,0001., and themachinery now inquestion was said to hl-ve made great improvements upon that which was so pta-chased. 'The case for the defendants was-firstly, that the mac'uinery of the plaintiffs was merely a combination of several ijventions that had existed long before, and that it was bot entitled to protection on the ground of novelty; and they also said that the machinery made use of by themnwas of an original character, and was not a copy of the plaintiff's, at, in point of fact, differed frn it in many essential particulars.- A great number of witnesses were exammned with a view to make outthose facts, and at hall-past 4' o'clock the trial was ag,ain adjourned to Monday mornng, at 10 o'clock.
1NTAcRPTM;R'pN V(IeTThmr (IARUISLE. AUGUST 2. The commission was opened here yesterdayby Mr. Justice Wiles and Mr. Baron Bramiwell, theirLordships afterwards hearing divine service at the CathedraL The learned Judges took their seats in the courts at 10 o'elock, Mr. Justice Willes sitting on the criminal side and charging the grand jury. The calendar contains the names of only 10 prisoners. Of these 1 was charged w;.ith administering poison with intent to murder, 1 with rape, 2 with bigamy, 2 with cutting and wouniding, 2 with conspiracy to defraud, and the rest with ordinary larcen ies. The cause list!contsin an entry of only two causes. CROWN5 COimT..-Beforc .i JTscf icc WmL,E). Grace Richardson, aged 42, was indicted -for feloniously admainisterine to Elizabeth Xennedy a quantityof oxalic acde, with intent to nmurder her, on the 16th of A pril last, at Mr. C. Foster appeared for the prosecation, and the Hon. .. Liddell, at the request of his Lordship, defended the toapeared that the prisoner is a straw-bonnet maker at Hlesket New ket, living separate from her husband, and the prosecutrix, a girl abont 16 years of age, in her daughter by a former husband, and living with her. She used oxalic acid in her business for the purpose of stiffening the straw bonnets, and had some in a closet in her house. On the I 16th of April last she had been drining, and was the worse for liquor, and had a quarrel with her daughter, whom she beat and threw water upon. She then went to the closet, and, mixing something in a mug, took it to er aughter and told her to drink it. The girl took some, but it bu,nt her throat, and she refused to take any more, and pushed the pot from her, her mother insisting upon her arinking it, in the contest the contents were spilt over the girl's dress and took the colour out. The prosecutrix then became very sick anid ill, and went into the house of a neighbour named Dalton, to whom she toldwhat her mnother had done to her, and Miss Dalton sent for Mr. Broadbent, the doctor, and also for the girl's mother. The prisoner, on being accused of giving poison to her daughter, denied it, and said what she had taken she had tanken hercelf. The prisoner then left the house. and paid i*o more attention to her daughter, who remained at Miss Dalton's two davs very ill, attended by the doctor. M1r. Broadbent, on hearing thu girl's acco-unt of what had been done to her, gave her antidotes for the poison of oxalic, acid, and the girl gradually recovered. On testing what she had vomited ihe found the presence of oxalic acid, which was an irritant poison. Both the prosecutrix aud Mliss Dalton appeared unwilling witnesses, and the prosecutrix cried much, and suggested that she thought her mother intended to give her some Epso salts. IThe earned counsel for the defence urged that it was probable the prisoner had niade a mnistake between the oxalic acid and Epsom salts, seeing that, she had been drinking, as ir was not to be supposed that without motive she could be guilty of the shocking crime, of- attempting to poison her own daughter. His LoP.DSHIP having carefully summed up the evidence, suggesting the possibility of a mistake between the poison and salts, The jury consulted together for some time, when one of the jury wished to ask the prosecutrin if salts were kept in .the c-a b .-d ther. ou DDET, objected to the question being put) the case "being closed; and the jury then retired. }His Loraipss, in-their absence, then- called up the girl, and-put the question ; and she rephed that-salts were kept in the cupboard.. is Lordship then sentfor the jury, and told them he thought it right to inform-them of this answer of the prosecutrix. The jury, after a short furthe-r convitawion, AcqniUed Onthe trials for bigamy, which wereof the ordinary character of those tried at these assizes;-nassely, marriages over the border, proved by the tollgate keepers of Gretna. who p^rform the ceremony, hisLordship, after passing light sehtences because of the circunistances of the oases,- announced tbat, as in fature these. Scotch marriages.must be I performed in a mannerreouiring morethoughtfuloonideraI tion on the part of the persons who enter, into them, the punishments awarded would not be so- light. M-fter the statute of the late session of Parliament 14 days' residence in the parish in Scotland was required before the ceremony could be legally performed. - ; 1Iis LORaDSn passed severe sentences in the -cutting and - stabbing cases, announcing his determination to 'punish severely all persons tried before him who resorted to the use of-a deadly wea.pon in their quarrels. |The criminal business was flirsbed to-night. Crern CoURT.-(Before Mr. Baron Ba.vrEs;L a2id a .Spccilaz Jtury.) PERRY V. ATTWVOOD.; . h'is was an action to recover a royalty rent reserved Under the covenants of a lease of some iron lines in the neighbourhood of Whitehaven. Mr. Atherton, QC., Mr. Temple, Q.Q., and Mr. Kemplay appeared for tse plaintiff; and Mr. Hill, Q.C., Mr. Edwvtd Jasmev, Q.C., and Mr. Ianisty for the defendant. - It appeiared that the' plaintiff is 'tha owvner of certain landscontainiingironoreinthe neighbourhood of Whitehaven; which in 1847 were leased to the defendant at a rental of 4001. a-sear absoluie',y, and at a, further- rental of 2s_ pd,per ton for all the ore raised above the quantity which should amount to 4001. at that rate per ton. It appeared, that the weight had een estimated at so many. 1iaskets or pit waggona tothe ton, and one of-tbe cEief ques, tions in' dispute was that. the weight wee under estimated,the pit waggona drawn up holding more than the-y ought to' docunder the aswreement.. 'The total1 sum sought to be re-~ covere lwasz:.abut 1,0001. After -the CaUEe.bad:proceel. for soene tinie it -was agreed to take a verdictfor the plain- tiff subjeet to a reference as to mnatter3 which 'merely re-quired calculation. - Ihe second cause was then proceeded with,' and ccunpied all the r-eat of the day. The question raised was whether an. old inan possessed of some cottage property was or was not able' to nake a will At the time of his death disposing of his ~sbp4rtr it beingallegedhy his heir,. who claimed the pioA ptezy that,' he bad 'sunk into his dotage.a year before his - death-, ard was incapable of making aF will, and- the other. side contendingth'iathe was capihle enough when sober.- ~The cause wias going cn at a. late hour to-night5 hi3 LRord. -ship essdsavourieg to gnSsh to-niglit if possible, . -
I - - .O I I o . , u - 0 ZOLEX~~~~.] , 11 .-,) a t 'L" - * MAhIO'rIsOUs-On y A youl =an nlame "Robert beaman; seriait to Lseutenant Ste ,-of the 15th: rHubsous g at pesent Stationed at Aldhimottd swas ilad at ithe bar before Mr. AldertdamWmEupouaclcgij,f hvn stolen and offe iltd allr ski. soiee eAlac = nd oblsr-artlcles,Of the value profduc tby t iLs 7 eeo 31r Cohen, loter, -of and JWeesstre Taide T stoe,i h;ving beet -sworn, 'was It thet dca rmpat A Idershott -whrer lsaw the of ienr oakdtiw others in ia woden hut. On6 of them calla outte c e, w Coen, do youwan* ito-t basyan1 lacer" Ireplied tbetl did, uipon-which, he invited me an. purchasd eof th4ereioner-a gol lace cord behlonging to caj fo ir whioh1 Ir; pMesucs. I wlleeupon lef thahut and went to saee a frind ovfmine.s OnsnyttamnIsaw the prisoner stwading inV theorcnt iof -the hut, aid 'he ,said to -me, compva got a ored'lan to- *bavig 'only come down foat 'a' holyday,uiiand that -if I-'were in Lonidon' I could borrow Isomet, _but there7 I could mot. He said' it was- the m rmee off 'an old ababrack" I then left rhim. Lanl n my- arrival at the Fanborough station he csllk me" to- himn and said be hadnot got noney enough to pay his fare to London, and xased mietorlendshia a pin reg,cwhivh fo hIidm We canlte up to town together, the prisoner havIig a ba k in his'poessotn I walkea Witfh him to an inn -wlhersd I Sta.s wheay town in (Commeroina-stroet, Ifo tho biurs of borrowing re money. - He then showedaet th i -produced, and ob_p serviug that they were pcite new, sai havna nsusarcon excited that the ortoneroprietolen them,I t pend 'to Aldershott ancureceived,a arcply fr e t betpaid tellng me that they were his propert I the receipt of the telegraphic siues I the poner ,into custody. The constable into whosW caarge -the, prisoner was giveA' prdodced aleaktherbagowhichbefouedinthepossessionso the lprisner,Mhotann MMportion'of cloth, saweilas -aconsider.- nablemqcantityof godlaC rbefonging tooan officer's cot, and Rwhic ha id the apwarance of eing perfettly new. Ic Alderman.,Wmm x(to b4. Qiiief).f--Whib is. the-. value of the golde lae -produced by theofficer? ex didr. Chen.tBetwaezon b601.and -70appetheest. -Theatoat coTid cnlc have been worn a fer times. Alderman WIRE directerd the officer to take the pri-bnet to nAldershott forthwith, where the offence was committed John Lake and g ortis Carey wehe-'Iuatheur examined upon the charge of endiavolring to obtain la from Messr WiLliamw, Deacon, and Co., the hankers, by means of a- forged dividend warrant, andlwithk a vi~ew-'to defraudthe South-Eastern Railway Company. atr. Rees,a the solicitor to the company, appeared in sup.' port of the prosecution. It Wa given in evidenoe, at the Las' examination that some months ago a genitlenan namew e Dashwood, re-' aiding at Bexley, in Rent, lost a pket-book, coitainin among -other articles, a dividend-warrant-f'or the.paymett of ioney due to himn from the -South-Eastern Railway' Company, the warrant being payable at Messrs. Wiiamst Deacon, and Co.s. Mr. Dashwood, on - ascertaining his loss, communicated with the company -who; banded' hinie a fresh warrant, upon receiving from hoi a letter of' indemnity for the amount. The prisoner Lake pre'ieoteco the warrant for payment at the hankers,. on jTuesdaym ast was icven in custody, and upon is stating thatuheads e- ceivea the warrant frdom Carey hat prisoneralso was apprehended. sir. R. Th. Cx, a cler o in the transfer department of the South Eastern Railway Company, said it -was necssryt have the residence of the proprietor inserted insthe div nd warrant before it could he paid, and t -could not be paid tillathatbadbendone. - 7 G. Scott, city detective offier, said-I found upon the prisoner' Lake the hook produced, in which there is the name of Carey entered in two pisces. - cryoRe!s said he was desirous of having tois fact plcd upon the depositions, it having been proved at the-Last exaindation hiat Caret on being apprehended stated that wg did n6t-know Labe. This concludedi the evidence for the-prosecution. Alderman Wnn; aft-er the usual caution, asked the pri soners what they had to say in awe to tha charge, at the same time telling them that he had mnade up his mind to comait them for trial. - iAken-o wrote nothing but the address on the warrant, and that was at the request of the clerk at the hankers'. -Satever I did I did ignorantly. - I got it for Carey, and put nothing on the wsrarrant-respecting Bexley, Kent. h Carey.-About sevenomonths, 'golIrpickedu the e !of per (the warrant) in Cannon-streetg sho Bed it to ab, who was foreman at a job at which w owere at work. I did not know it was of any use, -and told him he might hve it. I ematked to him at the', tame from the little knowledge I had of he worldI hoped he would not get into any trouble abouti t. iam a por Slabourerand have always got an honest living by herd wetak. - The prisoners wer athen fully committed p rfortria GunninALLi-Char1es Rich' ards a journeyma-n baker, nas charged with stealing a bayg containing epawrds of- hel in silver. Ann Sales said she and her sister kept a chlandler's shop in Bridgewater-gardens, and had knomanlthe prisonrer for about thre eouths. he -e-astheac&3epted loverof herelder sister. On Thursdayafternoon the prisoner hoaledron them anxd stayedl to tea. She went out an left -th prisoner and hersister together. 'e t he lefther)ister yissedt hehag containing the money, which had been kept under the sofa pillow. near where ho had been sittingt Nobody but the prisoner hadbeen in therook 1ince it wa last seen safe. bt the prisoner. When ho left he said-he was sie -in this club, hut on making i ckuiry it-efalead convict,and wasf beenthere, norie had-he slept at hiso2-',ns that night. The next morning she wenti to his uncl'e',Zin the. neighbotrhood of the lreoent's Patl-, C-phere 'she foundsthe psisomier inthe shop. harequested he womndgo- ivith her ro hersister, and he agreed to do so, and aoompanied her some distance, but then tried to' sake rib eff by.. menus of various excuses, which, failingi atheirQdesiredeffect, he tenok to his heel annd tried to b aut b issing the cry of " stop thief" he was taken into csoy Mhe officer who took the prisoner produce-a handsome gold ring and 11. 7s. 2d., which he f d ham. The prisonerssaid the ring was his own,.and, the money found on him was what he had saved v.hile woiksing as a labourer at Liverpool durinig six weeks that there was a strike there. The officer stated that he had borrowed a shilling the day after he came from LiverpooL Ann Sales said she had never seenx the ring in the possession, of the prisoner before, nor had he been dresse;d ius the clot'hes htenwre. He was a journeyman bake,l n -was out of work. -Sir P. LxuRiE remandedl him till Tuesday. and ordered the prosecutrix IL. from the poor-box, towards reducing her loss. 3LhPEAanonOUoH-STRric -Willialn Stacey and John Clifton, two notorious thieves, were charged before 3m. Bwithox with garotting and robbing Frederick Beavir, a reporter, residing at No. 54, Rathbone-place, Oxford-stret, under the following daring circumstances :- Thep rosecutor stated that on-Saturday morning, between 1 and 2 o'clock, while he-was on the way honie, %Ke entered a puLblehouse, in Crowvn-street, Soho; where he ucale for a gloass of stout. The prisoners wvere standinig in front of the har. They ask-ed him to treat them. - He did so, and left the place, but shortly afterwards the ~risoners followed Asim and suddenly seized him by the nec , snd, while one, held him, the other ransacked his kc,ts f 'ahaif-sutveieign-sid Msa. in silver. The prisoner Stacleyhoad azlife-preServer and sfrumek the prosecutor on the hea&- He fell upon the-pave.- meat, -where he was found by a constable. The prospcutor gaeafull description of the prisoners, who were apprehevnded~ at 0 O'clock the samae morning. IMr. Bsxn,oN (to the prosecutor).-Were you sober when the prisoners attacked you? Prosecutor.-I admit that I was rather the -worse. for liquor, hout I am positive as to the identity of the prisoners. - - - - -Police-constalble Peacock, 170 C, Said. that he saw the prisoners on the morning in question and assisted in theirCczptmre. Stacey was a ticket-of-leave convict, and Clifton was a noted thief. Another police officer; named Gray, 52" F, stated that he traced the risoners to Cottage-place. Orchard-street5 Westmisster, wtere ho found them in compaiy -with otner bad characters. He seized Stacey by'the cuiff of the coat,' and told him ho was chared with a garotte ro'bbery. Prisoner exclaimed, "If YOU hold sme lie that I will come it on you."-. Witness.told him he.was a ~tioket-of-lcavo mnan,when, Staccy said, " I have tried to get work at the Docks, audi:have asked my mother to assistrme, whenshe ref-used, bin xAI,N ased he pisetrs-wat-thdy.hid 'to say to the hare aaint tem, henthe -bth enied having - Theprisners ere ubseuentl comitte for trial, and MIRYLEnONEx--Mr. Booth, book-seller,. Regent-street, and not 2M-r. Bohn, as stated in our papeti of F!riday last+, war oine of the hailonLthe charge against Mr. Go-ling forindecent cond-act in the Regent's Park. - - WoRsJI5s.-nTiaXE.--James Clayton,- a -sullen-lookin'boy 12 years of age, was chargedl before Mr. D'EyxcouRT with maliciously cutting and'wounding. - Williani. Tarnis, an elderly man, describing -himself as a. cabinetmaker at Hoxtonx. Who was evidently in great pain, and 1uad his left armi suspended in a sling,'stated the p-risoner was the son of a neighbour living- only a few-doors off, and, though so young, was of such a malicious and ipite-- fel disposition' as to hea ageneral nuisance to the place.- OA Thursday night witness's wife returned hdmie vavith a prisoner snmmehiately slipped out of his jacket, and took to tLheels, and, though he had not seen ary knife used, he founi hils hand cut across, and bleeding in- such a- terrible manner, that ho becatne too- weak and alarmed to follow hi, and was obliged to let him escape, hle he went to thu nearest surgeon's to get his injuriea.dresod,' which were of so serious a charracte that he had suffeied the greatest agony since, and had lost-the use of three of- hia fingers. -Mary Stevens, a married woman, stated that slhe saw the 7oy move froma the doorway and the coxmplainant go uop ti him. He passed him before he spoke to him, 'and just before he did so she distinctly heard the prisoner say- " If that man touches me ril -do for him."- Tarris-then seiaed him by the jacket, whichtheboyslippedoff, ad, bobbing down hishead, seemedas-though hewere bitirng thxe mea,'is band, hut the next moment she saw it w.as a cut, anda the . hand wzas blocdin profusely. The prison er, to her k nowledge, had hada icnife- by him.l a long timle; he was; oftvfinditbtive-temDper, and threatened to- stab anyf one wvho. Pascoc, 23 N, deposed to apprehenidiiig-the pniso&er,' after long watehiog for buns, whben he ai'dmutted that~ hie had cut the muan with a knife, and that he had' onl1 sharpened it a short~ time Dhefore cinucitting- the :aet The witness handed ion'a' surgieon's -certificate, - desrrib in8 tht-wond as of adangerous nature, an:d added, 4"The doctor told me it was Tery noua OMaer aaT-'' ' aeries hd bee -divided anmi 'that-it was- endered th more daerous frome liabil v rssela or mortification t D'uught th hea ctof-the=e& a t' > *r. D'BeOlarUd-ae owtm:diby *ppP&thd apoorp*nanad afd cdel-f(TA.&Y9before 66vitlieffe"i o? just such an fct, th teit c n ea by th6 o-i tbs'- :'i iri;awner''o 'tlbe ch~ie {lbe .anarfuy sertAat he was eating bread and meat at the iimc, ti; ht.*e0 kiie happened to ,be_up his leeve. *And, thoigh be did not eW bhu it ibeena one, bebopplo ited itmus 1haie hipp~nadifi the struggle., . IMr.DExNComT said ituasmranifiest, from the uirgih certificate, -'that lthe eompluiiaihb -ias anw santer, aud .he Aouid ,therefore order-.theCpr.sooer to be remandI for) aiweek thbt -som idea might bJ?eo arri,!ed at as to the p, W bible result'of the woujid. -. CiEmFT wi-The oiting raagistraoe requesed our, reporter to ackn6wledge the7-ersipt of 1., for the poor boxfLu" C. IM.IM.," assutice of which"was requesed in, thigi4ujci4 The moneytis placed at the magistrate's div-o l. enables him to relienumberg cf pressing ces6-which daily come beforhim., - . ': '. !TIA DsrS.-Jamer Wray, a shipwright, appearedbefoi e lMr. YASRDLEY to answer a cbaie of assaulting Mr. Charles Cfoiilins A diaughttsmaia 4thed tothe - esablishment of Messrs. Young, Son, and Mag^iy, 'shipbuilders, Idimehouse Doc'k.-- The:assult aroe ouV of JJe strike of the shipightsof the. bove fin, of whi6li particirs have been given -on several occasions. r. .YAsxsr Aied the defendant 30s.. -ed osts, which p>nli asiistarntlypaid. ' , uGrpWICIlichui 3k1why, a cooper, was bonght| A)p on remana before mr. TRtA:, chirged with unlawfally depriving Mrs. Ann Davis of her'son,*i& eipale icate ch-ll, 6Ayevsofage. a - -- .! 7 e* tc Id t rs.Davis stated that she resided ith. house of the pisoner's =61ther,^at Sf6, slU-street, Deptford. On-Sund"ysnormsng, the 3tihult., -she ient her child- to Deptford green Sunday-school, batiho did notreturnxasusua' It was customary forhitto go iand retrs. by himself - -Sns' tictng theptia er-bad-taen-hi -to Liverpool, ashe''bad t,reatened, she gave ir.formation-to the-police. The n r zoner suddenly left home- on thit day- -The result-ofiher commication with the polIce ivas the restoration of her lInector Wilson, sid hel received rInformation - of; the loss of the child on tlte 13th nilt', and,i being -under the iiipressi.in that the prison,er had taken him to Liverpol, he at once-co mriunicated'rith'ne police author.ties,-hut an unsatisfactory reply was retrnd. Ona Fiday, the 2oth- t., he went to the house- of thle rL isoner's parents,- and fond him- there. lle aed him -wat~ he' had done-with the child, which he [witness) believed -hehad- taken to Liverpool on the 13th. whek soutly densedaUlsnowledge of him. Witness thentold him he shonldtake him to the statiobhouse and detin him while-he made inquiri at L ondon and LiverpooL The prsoner then said if they would not do anything to him-he would "b-ellthe trath. lle saia he had 'taken the child to Liverpbol, and left him at a Vrs. Larkin's, where he>could-b founid. Witness acco:dingly took train -and even- tually found- the child at a' Mrs. IArniin's, at 38, Orange- - street, Liverpool, 'and bronght him up'to town. - soner said the reason why he took the child was becaxdse he was fond of him, and heintended to keep him and bring him up to his own trade. Besides, the mother ill-nsed and Ml-fed him. Witness added that when prisoner retianed to town he took the child to the ralway'with him; and then sent hin back to Mrs. Larkin by himself, stating that he had no money to pay his fare. On questioniiig Mrs. Laidin she said the child was not properly attended to by the pfsoner, for she'had to give the child- several meals. On pn'i soner's return he had money in his possession. In reply to the magistrate Ztin. Davis said the child was not worse-clad on his return than when he was taken'away. lieadonanother pair of boots, which, ib appeared, had been purchased by the prisoner with money that had been given to'the child. : The prisoner, having received the usual cautuonpriorto~ cbmmittal, said the child asked him to taico him with him,: as his mother in-sed him, and ras about proceeding with thechild's statiment respecting.his motherthreatening-tocat his throat when r.Mr TRAIL said he thought it tnwise to-make such statements, as the child could not be admnitted as a witness,ald particularly as the mother was- not acting severely: against him. Sunch statements would avail him nothing; as he had offended the law by tskind the child from the niother's cuwtody, and would conaeeuently be tried for in-' jury to tho parent. The prisoner was then committed to take his trial at theneat OldBailey sessions, the magistrate consenting to receive two sureties in 40L each for his appearance at the appointed time.
TisEMTjo2NLkL; To "2 AucsrrEcr.-It gives us great pleasure to record an act highly huuourable to the arlnitects of this country; it ie tbe presentation to Mr-. janies Pennethorne of a testimonial fro:n his professional brethren on ths occasion of' the compleatiou of the -western ;ving of Somerset House. In this testimonial the architects exress their opinion of this service-and' of- Ar. -Peuneth9rne's merits. This is a rare compliinent among mer of gelilus; architects are as irritable as sny other class, but no professional jealousy obscures fron t1eir eyes ihe claimsof inerit.-~TJzc 1?uddes.27 corcHs OPNDIos or 3EC}iIns FAK3rG. 1r. J. L:ocokhart Morton, in a published leoter,' siays-` Eavg geen Tiptreehall Farm for the frst tiue on Zaturday, the 19th inst., and having come fIror ScOtlind witht some preju-_ aice against the systems of farming adopted there, I an. bound to say, after a most carefa- inspe,tion, that Mr. Mcc6ii's crops aie, on;tho whole, tbe'st 1 bhave seen anywvhere, eitler in 3Englandor Scotland. Elis wheat and mau-" joldurtszell are splendid crops, and wvere tbore as machproduce raised on every acre of ar.ble.l'nd in the ktngdoeir as is now raised by the acre on what was formne'ly Tibtrec-heath, there wonud be no "necesatty for im-' -OOtiDg millions of quarters of- wheat to feed- theBritisih peopk. This is not a mere agricultural- question; it is a, national one. The rcsources of the coun-rty ievuire to be developed, and we ineed 10Q000 Me hin. fo -dramv thteu forth'. There' is nt'- a district of tlahI#gdom that imight not have its f_arin pr6duce largely; increhsed. Eve&n highly fanned as Eait Lothian is, its crops rimi'ht he increased one.third in the 'aggregate by $the .doptioni'of higher systems of farmiing; and irw e take other tounties' into - celclation, there can l>' no doibt that theyl inight,liav';heir produce dbubled, or cven tripled mI a amij casesb beyit farined in a similar -manner to- Tiptree ha.; 3Ir_ 1echilm4not havc had large pi ofits on his famine - hut withl such crops he: ought, 'nder good managemente 4t he had not been -a pioneer, to have had' goo retarns- Farmerswbo are accnstomed to superni r fares bAildiigs wiPl 0ot thihin hly of Tiftreo homnestead 'but er-ry one'wh cirn appreciatie sunoror farmi: lng ~muet'' admniefiit thA,t Mr tmJecln a crops are ot l3rat-elass e9udi2 H lle is too sanremn in nany tliiog, hut te "laud'of 'PptrNe'hasd iode too' 'eel o_ his countr.'-ceAsu C;,otr dc
- L -,WP I - T.TVNTWnT. k; .* a'Wind,SE.; - The steamer Delta, ence, has arrivel at Atwep. * ah Wilim hec as ared at Trinidad. - stoAer Tibher, from Mendina, hb Arrived it Perzmo.: c StebonheLth, henre, hva arrived at Gonaives. alhe Harbinger, hence, his arrived at OCea,dt. The Watchwor, -hee, baa arrived% t lstaaWeM-rTo Matilda, hence, and the LyCia from M , ha wl at M;ererara. * rived.-The iteXmei Cotrs, from Llsbon,-towedrond ifrom Re-- itadwith egmine dibled-the steam transcpr Otswa, from po4i,- std-IgeacoerMltihh, ferLlatanZtte SP.a for NWewfound .td and Balda-tbe Geffrard, for Moulrnein-the B-orth 'Wal fr exnsdretta-thfsteamerCantad -for Beoton-the Beoedicctu,-Ior; Stabbffobi ta-b r or Demnerara--tbe dAeele, for.. Bory-te ltanas or NDerfoindlandand Pernamubuo '-theRose6nss -GCrardina, for Narv-the Clara Brookman, -tior Trie _the Charles,Holmes, for Navaimah-the Gleaner, for Rigs the Nnremburg, forNew Orleans-the Jose Ruts for Icela d, (BY Ra)ECIuC TELEIORAJL) Aeensr 3. - Wind,RtE,' oB 3 nThe Tropic and the Louisa, hence and Bermudas have arrived at New York. The AmellewKen7ie, *chidhwa ons bhore near Wybeo ee gort. wag oE after throw-igover about 6D Wone of nou audwasvleaf era hbarfit fSavannah on tbe21st ult., not mleh ired. mnd -I'heT a, of Elythe from RioJansiro for thii port, ran on the, reef esstwacdoi Bermuidtanthe Ethi alt., bettwas speedil got o0lr and. wast ancher on the Ethin Five Fathom Hole. Arrived.-The steamer a er, from Africaantd Plynth the SainuethminingfromYNew foric ' :Of.-The Gem from Itga. 'Sailed.-TheThomas H. Perkidns for Philadelphia-the Empire State andtho Aurora, forNewYork-the Gardyne, for Pernambuco. -the Dart. for Ostend-the Edward Reman, lor NSew Ovleans-tbo £harp, for M-rsmham-the Isabella, fort'Orient. Waw YdRK, July 23.-The Benjamin Thatter, from Crdlff for New York, was falen in with onthe 27thult,.-m lt, 45X. 16og. 47 W., i distress hving spr-ng La leak on the 25th, by the General Taylor, I which tonki off-the crev and Paesngers and caaiiedthem tospl 'an - : anow-, Aug. 2.-Wind at neon, N.E. ightplesanshreezean. Iultry-wenther. ;Bptsror, Aug. 2-Wind, N.R-;-Dghbt, fine.-Arrived, the Mary, Je'omlCarnarthen-theJazsesansd Sarah, frosr P&dvstw-theSamrock, fromWaterford-tho Cornwall, from .ifEayle-the IPrince or ,Wales and the Princes Roya, from Bideforl-the PbO?Oix, from 'Sansea, - Saled, the MaryRussell. for New York-the Sabrina, for'Cork-the Aaelia, for Iiiverpool. Aug. 3.-Wind, E.S fl l ight fineArrived, the L urope, fromNesecastle-the Fiiz: Hope nd the Bersl from Aberayroo-=eh2ar2e, from Hrtmand - -- FaPrmounri Aug. l.-Wind variab1le l ight airs and Pine.-Arrihe i- 'dE the Port,- The Bremen brigantine Alred Herman. from.Calsls for order, mand sailed for -remen-the rteamer Devonshire, fromfDab-.- lin,andleftforLondon. Saed.-Verden, for,tetterdam-theAnse'' Afortonitn-the Christopberflanltein, for ?85w -Ite e St-Olaf. for Clocoster. lDovEiS Aug. I.-Axrivel, the Prosperous, with Wer of th cargE recovered from the wreck otthe JosephineWillis. Sr. Pzrssnuuo. , Aug. 1.-The Laiulais on -hbore atNa Ya. --It is - blowing a gale Atwesic ,Oosweagogsr;, July 29.-The Greenlander, which wiled-hence. on the. 28th of March for Greenland. bal 3net arrived -tere in_ J3me. and much anxiety is feltxespecting her fate TheCreamoreosailedfromAlexandria for Falmouthon thel2th ot June, and has not sinoe beenheard oft. GRAVESEND, Av1. i. (From Lloydas.) Axrived.-The John, from Antwcrp-the steamers Tiger and Wilberforce, from Tonmrog. Atusnr 2. 930 -Wind, easterly; tide,I hourb flood; ine. Anrived,-The sterner;oaMl Victoria,from Touing-the tmerAlbion, from Bologne-tho steamer Belgium, from Oetend. aleltd-llhe termeroyalictoria, for Oporto-the Juplter, forTonnimg-thest,eamer Holland, for Ostend-the Derwentwater, for Hobart Town-the Startled Pawn, fei Melbomune. -1 p.m.- 2r i. tide, 3 hom,rs' doed: fine. jAzrived.-The lnin, fromeialermo-the Glance, from Tcnerifle- - I the Id, from St, etersburg-the I.etta Xargareha, from Itosto^i- ' the James and Catharine, from Astwerp-the Baltin, fromColumnb -the trrhsport ELtenE Simpson, No.3 Il. fromn l3aklla-i'the 00m' me ce, from Drminkik-tce New Great Britein,rfredn )Ieibour tsbo -- Xenteaur, from Galatza- '3 dpn.mZ. 'Wi,}L; tide,!I hoer's ebb,;fne. - Arriived.-ThesteamerDiana. from Medoxobeik-the7'arah Ann> from Dunkirk-the Col Cnts,ifrom Cronstadt-tbe Wanata- om C4~ 'Ssaed.-The steamer C-aledonla, for H=a=brg-the Coucord1a, for -Totterdam. 7 LO p.U4,-Wad, 31; tide, low-water; fne. Anrived.-The Leander, from Antwerp-thoWestfriesland; from 3Sedemblh'i Sailed.-The B. B. Green, for the Mauritius, ArGUSs 3, '4 p.m,-Wind. L.; tide, 2hmurs? ebb; fine. Arrivea-ThosteLmerfliss Nightimgale, from Stettin-tbs inedss, from Gottenbrig-the stesniers Ceres anBdRaibov. from iorterdam, -the sutemerStaditDordretht, from Dor'-the steamer Giraffe, iconx Rotterdam-the steamer Telegraph, from Antwerp-ate steamec Poyle, from Gersmey-the steamer Hanover, from Anfierp-tte stammer Lion, from Rlarliugen-the teamer Eir } Banks from m Ca.iS -,'teh steamer City of Motterdam, f.-om Dainkirk-the Es.ierainim froml Lokiken-the Iris, ifom Galat7-the Mercury, fromArebangel-the ti=rstinesIin(le,fromThisted-the Benjamin HFewetson, from dIettenbure-the Thor, from Archangel-tbhFerald, from Cronstadt-tho Elizabetb, from 0porto-the Favourite, from Ghenthe Heser anai Hannah, from Guernsey-the Maria Lehman, -from' XiClenborg-the Leopoldina, from Oporto-the Mary and tl frgnret. from Hamburgthe Albatross, from Christianstadt-tho Elim Macia, fromm, crts,dt- theTriton, from Brussels-the August Blward, fromMarreilles-the 7 Helene, from Sdweathom-the Prince Albert,, from Guernsey,-the. - XettaEizabetb, fom Nylkibing-the Peter lolt, from }lsa-thn l,iiles Guelding, from Stettin-the Eadroch%, from Worcum-tbe Eba-. trederick froma Martrand-the Einanuel, from Stra3ernd-thbe rte? transport James Watt, No. i62, fromBala3lava ! Sailed.-The John Fielding, for Ssdney-the steamer Rhine, lot Boulogne-the steamer City of London, for DMunkir-the steamer Diana, for Amsterdam-the steamer Harlingen for Harli7gen-the seimere Lord J. Russell and Batavier, for totterdam-the steamer Basron ay, for Antwerp-the steamer Densaielc for Ha'rr -' e s eamerButgadingen, for Bremen-theNeumiebelen, for Hamburg. DEAL4 Avo. Il. (By SuEBArn'B Aim Biren re GTznarj. From L20yd'1.) 9aim.-Wind, calm. Psased.-Tboeelvidere, from Sunderland for Point de Sale, iD to* 'theWanata, from Calcutta for London. Sailed.-Tho Bury St. Edmonds, for CaIcutta. Noon.-Wieid, N.E; rightanddfine. Paase&,-Tho Ada, from London for-togadore-Her Xajeet'5 slip ' Gorgon, from Portsmouth for the River. Passed on tholest-Tho Galilee, from St Crolxfor Lcndon. PAssedIntheChanmel.onthe26tthofJuly.-rheLoud, lrom SK Dor ininto for Hamburg. Passedin Channel onthe 28th of Jnly-The brig Tibmiax, fSn: sumdssaldforYeughal-the brig Elizabeth, from Oprto forUlnlor 2 p.m.-inVd, N.E.; light and fue. Pased.-The brig Leopoldine, from Opouraotorl.onde 7.30 p.m.-Wmd, N.E.; frsh. IArrived and Paseed.-The Menter, from Amsterdam for Seinebay.be Algedila ai Pauline, lroznDordt forEIataviae-t' Startled.Fawn, for3Melbourme-the london, for New York-the -Derwectweter, for Hobart Town-the fome, for Quebec-the Lady Swa Bruce, for Newport-the ItoRoyl'lctora, for Oporto-al from Londlon, . Sailcd,'-The -Semiramis, from London for Bbi-lde. Aecuer 3.- :5 p.m.-W d, N.E.; fine. *Azrivedsand Pessed-T-he D°voTmir, trean ,be -Mnertinseiorlon< aon-toe Orwel, for Malta-the Vider, for las'oonl-the William - Bryan, for Hondurs-ttbe James hbbI, for Qiebe2-thi} efrlnd,4or 'e Ca and Calcutta-the B. B. Green. for tho Mittho Olegou, for' Quebec-all fromLondon. : VnLsri S?OflreX Wane,. . ' The Panther, of Boston, boundsouth, Juso 20, in lat. 6 N., rmg. 25 Wi The shiP Somnautb. of Greenrck. from Lendon fo- 1Bombay, Ju4e' 21. in tat 6 N., long. 2S W.- Thestrig iFlora, of Poole, from Li.verpool 'orrNewfotindlan43rJuly - In lat. 47 H., loeg. 35 W. . the Sp4rit of the Deep1 from Ltcerxoolfor-Calcutta, Mayo, inlaL The zdiln Iorx,fror.Lonlon for PeotPhilip, Aprnil0' l'etrsFnw, AliceMnd, and Dora,from-Liverpool for Riot Janeiro,JueS,in log .16, Lat 33. The S."" fromeLoudonforDenerara,Jtly iS, mist O4T. .ICLg. 31 W.- Th&Wehanoreland, Joly s. inlt. 41 N., long. - 41i The-Span: uf the Ocean. from NewOrlean lorLverPced, Jmiby% il .at.1 ., N.. lonrg. 8 W.- !TheB evenue, fromNXew Orleansafor li.verpocl, Julsy10. .rt lat. S'Sh -. lest -75 W. - W ThWe Nortern Chief, fromNoevOrleans for Liverpool, Jul 11i,t et-f 52N., long. 78 W. - ' T ^he Crsal Palace, from Calcutta £or ilelboorne, hlsih 24I, inlet>; 13 5iong , from - - - a - - 4 -. hPo Nmrde rmlew. Or'leans for Liverpool.: July 1C,t le'a' 49> N..ling.BIW. * - - - The Ages Taylor, fromn the Clydeor D';3emnerara, Juily 2, in L- 42-. .h,long.lSW. - . IG WATER AT OlTDON-BPJDGE .THI DAY. Morig ...... 2 rnin. after 4 lAfteron m ...... AnSerS
' L> AYD (PBX CITM OW ro1nRESPONDIET.1 DUBIN', 2S0TURDAY MIORN lG. JArES SADLr.t. Prom whatever cause wising, there. seems to be a Trowing impreion that the fugitive member for Tipper-.ry is, or has been of Lite, in the nseighbourhood -of his old haunts. Letters from Carrick-onSuir state that in the course of la5t week the police wenr engaged in active search about Coohsamuck Court, one of the may properties purchased by John Sadleir in the Encumxbered Estates Court. 'he game did not turn up, but circumstances were elicited which led the constabulary to the conclusion -most probably an erroneous one-that the delin-qaent had been there very recently. 3M.. GIVASN DUFSY flz T COI,o.Nsqs. The fiNation-speaking, no doubt, by book-is constained to confess that Er. Gavan Duffy has II broke with some of the foremost men in Sydney rather than permit the Governor (Sir WVillian Deiison) to be honoured as a toast at his (YMr. DuflWs) banquet." Mr. Duflf's candid, but illtimed declaration, upon the same occasion, that hei was " still a rebel to the backbone," has also severely injured his prospeet of speedy political advancement in the colony. Private letters say 'that the promised subtcriution which was raising in his beha'f hadgreatly disappointed the expectations of his admirers-in tact, that it would fall short by o0 per cent, of the amounlt anticipated on his first arrivl in Sydney, end before the delivery of his dinner speech. CONSERVATIE 'PBw08PECr, The County of Dowfn Protestant Association have just issued their second annual report, the tone of which is, upon the whole, rather dispiriting as regards its -present state and prospects. :For instance: "The treason of the leaders of the Derbyite party to the Protetnt cause, and the uselessness of expecting any Protestant political action from them, and fromn the present G overrnment, shows the necessity exiating mcore pressingly than ever of Protestants placdng their entire dependence on the Lord of HIosts wvho from apparent weanlnss of ten brings out victory. The state of the peolitical wvorld abroad as such .s to lead us to believe that Rome is preparing to make a deadly struggle to obtain everywhere com'Plete ascendancy. Under such circunmstsances, it is our dat7 to protest against every entanglement of the British nation in the web of the Papacy, and to claim for our fellow Protestants all the world over freedom to Worshi God. We desire that all our eforts should be1begunan continued in an humble and prayerful dependence on the -Zaptain of the od' Host.. Recognizing in Rome the doomed apostacy, we hold it a privilege to be enabled in any meafure to share in the great battle, and rejoice to be found on the side w-th the faithful and true in Rome's war with the Lamb. We call on all Protestants to come forward to share our privilege, and earnestly to contend for the faith once delivered to the saints against Babylon the great." TH HAlRVESTr The Cork-mxamin-er of yesterday states that the crops throughout that extensive district are advancIng towards maturity with a rapidity abnost unprecedented, and that a few weeks' continu ance of the present fine weather would see the farmer commencino his harvest operations - "A gentleman who is directly connected with the agriculnrs2 interest, and has an irtimate acquaintance with a vast portion of this and the adjoining county of Kerry, has informed us that, since Saturday last, the crops have progressed towards maturity at a rate that he believed vul4 under ordinary circumstances, reqe three weeks to accomplish. The corn croPs of every description contilnuwe to present the mclost healthy and, luxuriant appearance, nrm in stalk and full in ear- belt in some few instances we have heard of the partial appearance of blight among ths potatoes. In the neighbourhood of Xiaaale, and in Eome parts of the contiguous coast, it is stated to have made Its appear-ncne hut even in those o-ses the ground is expected to yield more than an average crop, owing to the abundance of the produce and the comgastively small extent to which the blight has appeared. urreports from the eastern part of the county, from pFrmoy, iore, Mallow, Kanturk, and the intermediate districts represent the plant as vigorous and healthy, free from a'ny appearance of disease, and promising at early and ab-undant supply. With the singular uncertainty that marks tho-progress of this mysterious disease, we understand that the potatoes at present grown on the Little Island, in the neighbourhood of this city, are perfectly free from disease, t.hou. h in formeryears they were the first that were attacked and among those that suffiered most severely. It may be reasonably anticipated that even a brief continuance of the present weatherwill pprove an efficient agent in arresting the progress of the disease, in the isolated localities in whicit haa appeared, by stimulating the plant into an early and vigorous maturity, that may defy the efforts of its adogus enemy." VICEcGAL CTLENCY. On Wednesday last, pursuant to ilnstructions from Dublin Castle, a batch of party processionists -Orange and Green-incarcerated in the gaol of the county of Down, were released from dIuance and permitted to retur to their respective homes. THE FUNDS Three per Cent. Consols, 9,q; ditto, for accounat, AugusRt 32, 953; ditto, for new aceoun, September 12, 95i ; New Three per Cent. Stock, 95 i 96 ditto, for account, August 12, Mt ; City of Dublin Steam Company (100. paid) 63. ; ditto (51. paid), 31j. Railways.-Dabli andl Drogheda (76t. paid), 70.; Dublin and Wicklow (101. paid), 64; tto, or account, fo ; Great Southern and Western (5O1. 69; ditto, for account, 59; Great Southern and estern,'ad in full (201 paid), 19 irish South Eastrn 121.pai), 4) 4 dtto, for account, 8 74J 4; rKillamney Junction (101. yard), 104; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal (501- paid), 551.; ditto, halves (21. paid), 274; Waterford aLnd lilkenny (201. paid), 6-; ditto, newr, Six PerCent. pref. (51. paid), fo:- account, .434-; Wta2terford and imuerick (501. paid), 254; ditto, fo con,2.____
TO THE EDITO OF pTHE TIMES5 Sir,-In this day's report of the Regent's Park sifair a Mr. IX Bohn-is mentioned as one of the securities. As there has bten no other bookealler of this name but myself for many years, and I am desirous of not being mistaken, I shall feel obliged by your correcting the error in your next -paper. Your most obedient --n nln ; .R 2T i, and 6, York-street, Covenrbgarden, Augnst 1.
LATE NAV,L REnvIW AT SPRsAM.-On Saturs day, in the Southwark County Court, an action %as brought by a gentleman named Horsey, against the South Eastern Railway Company, to recover the sum of eight guineas and 15s. from the defendants, they having committed a. breach of contract in neglecting to convey him and his friends to sce the naval review at Spithead. Mr. Robinson appeared for the plaintif and rL-. Poland for the railway company. The plointiff said that in the month of May last he saw advertisements in the newspapers offering to take passengers by rail and boat to witness the great naval reniew at Spithead. They were headed London and South-Eastern Railway, and signed " Eboralle, nianager." In consequence of that he went to the railway office, 147, Cheapside, and purcbased four tickets, fo- which he paid eight guineas. The tickets were like the one produced, which defendants admiatted to be a copy. Vhen they arrived on board the vessel they were known and ,recognized. He purchased them on. the 21st, having seen the advertisement on the Saturday previous When they got, to Portnmouth theirboat was lo and they were put on board the Princess Helena. She wsfitted up forthocac.Ter were four or five deal tables. The hold was lined vwith bunting, and about 12 mattresses were thrown down for them to sleep on; about one to three persons. Tallow candles hunby ropes, and there was not the least accommodation' While at PGotsmouth he asked leave to gon shore, when the capti said he did net know how long hle sihould ho there, but he allowedl thetm to go ashore, to return by 10 o'cloc.:, which they did. The review was to begin at 11 o'cock Aler he got bac'k to the vessel the dietos steamerpa,ssed with anxother boat, and they foll.owed the Q tueenahont till 12 o'clock. Witness asked to be allowed to-go on board the directors' boat, and hailed it, but they would not stop. They were left behind the last steamer and did not qu't Portsmouth harbiour until 21 o'clock. The captain told them he was advised to wait fot another train from London, and that was the reason he did not leave the harbour. The interesting part of the review was over when they got there. In the iaorning a placard was posted on the deck. It announced that, by ayig 1os., they might return by the Brighton Railway. RTha were not taken round the fleet, but of cotuse th saw some of the shi a comina into harbour. They no sofas-nothing but deal boards and forms. They followed the director? boat, and saw the gunboats in the attack, buttheydid not sea the Queen pass through the fleet M1r. Poland, on the part of the railway company, contended that they had performed their contract to the best of their ability, and the plaintiff had seen the review, although he did not see the Queen pass through the fret, and that he deemed quite sufficient for them. His Moncur said, assuming the delay of the steamer from the harbour to have been caused by some unavoidable accident, the companywould not have been liable, but it was pain that the vesselwas delayed forthe purpose of the company, from tieir not supplying two steamers, they supposing that one could dotbe work. The consequence was thit the seamer in question was delayed one hour, and that the most important h6nr of th-e day. The review meant the whole. reniew, or, at all events, the Queen's passage through the fleet, which tihe defendant and his friends did not see, therefore he must gi3Ve jadgmett forthe plaintiff, with costs. There were five ,ther actions of a similar nature against the railway eomray, in which the Judge also gave jadgment for the?nkin. tiZ considering that the defendants were gulDty ofgross mevilimneue. ?t&Y James Beeby is appointed Chief Clerk ; Mr. OUiver H. Davis, first class clerk, firt section* hIr C)harles stence, fist class clerk, second section; Mr. kenay Butler, cting first class clerk; Mr. G. H. Johnson, second elass clerk in the Accountant-Generals Department of the Admiralt, SomersetHouse.-Obscrrer. £,Avertisement>A Second Edition of the newinovel, "'a ~Msn of the worldS, or vanitics of the Day.' by . W. IoWOm, r rihcd ths3 day in 3vets., with Pilustratious en tel by Jobh "Incident crowda upoun indeut. The story Lndicate3 eat ccc-erttivO poaer, ezd very great inget -ity in the salaugeni entof the USd55055 Ift vMi attrac. general attene-a--:" Observer.' Cbraies g. keat, jSig Wlliettseet, Chang-crew,
7 I PENI.YSULAR M.AILS. I SO1THAMPTON, AIVG. 2. By the Peninsular and 0Oiental company's steamnship Maid, Captain Bradshaw, with the Peninsular mails, in cbaxge of Lieutenant Oxenham, RPN., Aniralty agent, wo have dates from Gibraltar, July 24; Caadiz, 25; Lisbon, 294 Oporto and Vigo, 30. The Madrid brings 40 passengers, and on freight 12 packages of specie, value 3,732g., and a cargo consisting of 2931roxes of lemons, 13b oxes of tom;atoes, 4 caslis e e, 90 elephants' tushs, and 27 packages of merchandise. On the 1st insh, in lat. 47.291N., long. 6 32 W., the Madrid passed the brig Muta, of Ipswich, steering S.W. The French ship Prince Jerome was the only foTeign yessel of war at Lisbon when the Mfadrid left. The steamer Italian amived on the 28th uL'. from Lverpool, with fire in the forehold. * The Lisbon exchanges were quoted, fX.three months', at 53Z on London; Paris, 524; Austerrdam, 434; Hamburg, 48 ; and Genoa, 522. The supply of bills still continued inadequate to the demand, consequent upnon the increased importations of grain, &c., and diminution of export, consequent Upon grape disease auad bad harvests of all kinds. Stocks continued to advance, and few holders would sell at 44* to 44i for Three per Cents.; Bank of PotAugal Shares, 490 to 495 mnilreis per share ex. dividend; Oporto Bank shae-s, 19 to 20 per cent. premium. The following is extracted from our Lisboii correspondent's letter of the 29th ult.:- "Immediately after elosing the Cortes the King, ing Rlegent, and. Royal family took up their abode at Cintra, which is justly considered the most delightful sunmmer residence m this neighbourhood. It is also comparatively healthy at this season of the year, and I am told by friends who came thence this morning that there is no truth in the reports which have led to the belief that cholera had been making great ravages there. "In Lisbon 414 cholera deaths are reported during the iast ten days, but I question whether ons-half were reajly cholera cases, and, from personal knowledge of the circumstances attendmsg the death of a numbtr or my own ae. quaintance I am convinced that all of them brought on the disease by inattention to diet, neglect of slight derangements of tho stomach, and by imprudent exposure to chill from draughts and cold baths. Mr. J. E. Borges doSouza, one of our most -espected Portuguese merchants, brought on his attack and sudden death by takiDng a cold bath while suffering from severe indigrstion. From all the isnormation I bave been able to collect it would appear that cholera has not here attacked houses which are regulated with prudence and immediate attention to complaints of the bowels, &c. "Since the approval of the arrangement for quoting Portuguese bands upon the London Stock-Exchange they have contiued to improve in price, and the Government finds additional facilities for its Treasury operations. At Oporto, also the Commercial Bank has agreed to lend the Minister of h?inance 200 eon'os, or about45,OOL, to be repaidby the Customs' revenue durig the year 1956-57. "The Government is busy prepainug the instructions for the electoral pzrecess, but has not yet given signs of any intention to take active measures in favour of any particular class of candidates. The Progresista partydone has appointed an electoral eommittee, composed of hL Fontes and other p artisans of the last and present Cabinets, and it is supposed the Government wvill nltimately favour many of the candidates p reposed by that committee, in which ease the new Chamber of Deputies 'will bear much the same character as the hast."' Our intelligence from Gibraltar is to the 24th nIt. The United States' steam-frigate Susquehanna arrived at that port on the 23d nit, in 16 days from Key WVest and sis from EayaL. This steamer 'was recently despatched from Phila. delphia to Central America to inquire into certain grievances alleged by the master of an Americans vessel to have been committed by Captain Tarleton, of Hter Britannic Majesty's frigate Eurydice, on the A merican mail steamer Orizab3. On proceeding to Greytown Commodore Paulding, of the Gulf Squadron, 'who was specially sent by the Secretary of the N~avy, became fully convinced that things had been misrepresented. The Commodore's fag was saluted by Captain Tarleton, and the k;indes feelings pre|vailed among the officers and men of both vessels. After exchanging the usual civilities the Susquehanna departed for Kiey West, whence, replenishing her stock of coal, she was ordered to proceedto the Mediterranean station, and is no'wundertbe orders of the Commander-in. Chief at Gibraltar. In a day or two the steam-frigate would leave for Spezzia (Sardinia), touching at seine of the ports on the eastern coast of Snain.
RAGGED OR RnroRrATouy SCosoLs.-Thoe Cormittee of Council on Education have cancelled all former minutes and agreed to grant substantial and permanent aid to reformatory and ragged schools. The unurite by which this resolution is made knovn to the rnanagers of these institutions provdes that no school shall be admissible to aid "- unless it be industrial in its character, and unless the scholars be taken exclusively from the criminal and abandoned classes." These conditions being complied with, the Council are-L To pay half of the rent. 2. To pay onethird of the annual cost of tools and of raw material for labour. 3. To make grants towards the cost of books, maps, and apparatus upon to samne terms as to other schools. 4. o pay 350h to the treasurers of any reformatory in respect of every person qualified to teach wvho shall have heen boarded, lodged~ and trained asa master for a year in the institution, and holding certificates of merit from HIer Majesty's inspectors of schools. 5. To grant haLf of the salary paid to the teacher, and half of his assistant's salary; no teacher to have more than 2a scholars for the master, and between 26 and 50 for each assistant. 6. " To grant as capitation on every child (according to the noumbr in average attendance diring the year preceding the annual inspection) who is not paid for by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury under the act the 17th and 15th of Victoria, chap. S6, the sum of 50s. Per rannm, provided that such child be fed at the schooL' Reformatories and ragged schools coming within the operation of this act are to be under the special inspection of Her Majesty's inspetors of schools. The instructions to the inspectors are very minute. On the subject of appointing teachers, the minute of instructions says, "You will observe that the Government leaves the choice of teachers absolutely to the managers, interposing no test whatever except the inspectors' annaual reports upon certain specified points." The principal officer in each school must " in all cases be well enough instructed to be able to control and to be responsible for the work of the school-room." As regards the standard of education, it is provided that t'he literary ability of a teacher may be regarded as sufficient if the inspector is satisfied that the boys under his charge leamr to xead, write, and cipher in such a manner as to acquire the practical command of those arts in earninr their bread and making their way in the world. "g boy who reads with difficulty and without intelligence, who writes smperfectly and spells ill, who cannot readily a,ply the rules of arithmetic to a common transaction of the shop or of wages>" might, it is assumed, " as well, for most practical purposes, be unable to read, write, or cipher at allT and this test the inspectors are instructed rigorously to apply. "In the same way," says the minute, "as to religions knowledge, you should endeavour to ascertain that the doctrines and maims of Christianity are taught in such a manner as to be likely to become motives and rules of conductf' and, in respect of practical duties in the workshop, the inspectors are instructed to; see that the work of industrial schools is really properly done. "You are to bear in mind," says the Colmcil, " that nd oral delivery of moral lessons can be so effective as that which results from daily practice. You wil not, therefore, allow any general professions to weigh against the evidence which a school or workshop may present in itself of a want of order, obedience, anm cleanlness. A disobedient, dirty, illconditioned lad 'is not to be talked out of those habits,' but can only be cured by being obliged to live in daily and hourly contact with the p.uctical opposites of them." MURDER or Two r1nS-.--- double mnurder was committed on Saturday morning, about Jive miles from Dover, by a man namedl Sedea Redenies, a Neapolitan, in the 4-h company of the 2d battalion, 2d Regiment British Swiss Legion, uo6wstationed at Shorncliffe. Redenies, it appears, has for some timq been paying his addresses to a young girl of 1$, naimed Caroline Back On Saturday evening he called at the house of her parents, who are worldng people, residig i Albion-place, Dover, and stayedthereuntil S o'clock yesterday morning. The giri's sister, Maria Back, was present during the time. It appears that during the evenmg Redemies quarrelled with Caroline, nad accused her of carrying on a correspondence with a sergeant of the same regiment. He, however, prevailed upon her to consent to go with him to the casup to spend the day, accoman ied by her younger sisterMaria. The bodies of both the swere found yesterday-morning about 8 o'clock in ahollow close bya footpath leading to Folkstone. The elder sister had received fourstabsnear the heart and was quite dead. The youngergirl, Maria, appeared to have struggled hard with her assailant. Ssveral of her fingers were severely cut. The discovery was made by a farm servant who obtained medical assistance, but it was of no avaiL The supposed murderer was seen running through the viLage of Capel shortly after the occurrence. The Dover Police are in pursuit of him. According to the rather imperfect account which has reached us, the spot wtherehe bodies were foud is sitated about two miles from Folkestone, between the Beyal Oak publichouse and the Valiant Sailor publichouse at the top of Folkrtone-hild. *I-s-r OF' Wnn&cnA5 Oowmn .-.At a sale of nutogra hs, which took place at the auction rooms of Messrs. Punttick and Simpson, in Piccadilly, on F!riday and Satrday last, thero ocunrred a series of 44 letters of the poet Cowper, of which number 21 were A unublshe, being part of the correspondence of the poet with his cherished friend, T lr. Samuel Rose. These interesting letters were sold singly, at prices rangig from two guhineas to 104. is. at awhich latter price the letter (published) mentioning Cowp6r's havieng written some verses to assist the anti.slavery cause was knocked down. Among other lots of interest in the sale were No. 101, signals utsed at the Battle of Truafalgar, signed by Ntelson, which sold for oh. os. Lot 129, 164 letters of SirDavid Wilkie, chiefly to Mrts. Coppad and Mlr. Mfacdonald, eagraver, sold for 74. let 189, Memoir of MEr. Henry WVeber, seven es,e m the auAtograph of Sir Walter Scott, sold for 24, os. s'ot 256,a signature of JndgteJeffreys, sold for 14. 12s. Lot 30D, a series of autographs of authors, bound, iu nine voes., from the Upcott Collection, sold for 15t. s. TMm CoN-Tr CousTs.-The Lord Chann*or has, under the provisions of the County Courts Act of last session, rioented Mr. Sergeant Manning, Mr; Eoe Mtr CDoke, Mr. Worlledge, and Mrr. Furner, five of the judges of the County Courts, a standing committee for the framing of rules of practice and for regulat7ig the costs of attorneys in these coits; and has appointed Mr. Henry Nicol their secretary. Mr.. Sargeant Dovlirg, member of the late committee, under 1.5th and 16th Victoria, chap. 54, being ahroad for his health, and the duties of the committee reqng to be commenced immuediately, could not be apipointedt a inembdt of the priesnt tommittce.-Oise e-rer1
M.ITABY and NA =rAj INTRLLIGBNO. The following letter, 'dated Mita JTuly 27, is from our own correspondeAn - - <Her -I a.1sty's steam deapatch vessel Caradoo irrived before Omylight this morning from Constantinople 'and Smyna, bringing General Sir William Codrington, the lomm.nderxbi-Chlief; Colonel Blaue, Military Secretarythe Hon. A. Ponsonby, Captain the Eon. H. CampbelU, and Captain Hall, Aides-de-Camp; the Earl of Carnarvon and the Hon. Cantain Egerton,and Mr. Jones and son. Shortly. after 4 .m. his Excellency was saluted by Fort St. Angelo and by Her Majesty's ship Hibernia, bearing the flag of Sir Montagu Stopford, and at about 8 o'clock Sir William Reid, the Governor of Malta, landed him in the Government barge and conducted him to the Palace, aJl honoirs having been, at the request of the General, dispensed with. " Her Majesty's steam (flour-mill)vessel the Bruiserlefton the25tb, andHerMajesty's shipsAlgiers(screwliner), Persverance (steam-transport), Resistace (sailing storeship), M.linna (steam-transport), and the ,Mary Ann (sailing transport) on the 26th, all for England, conveying troons. " The bark Fancy, with stores from the East, left at the same time for Spithe4d.- " The Pemberton sailing transport arrived from Constantinople on the 26th, bringing Deputy-AsdsAtaat-Cominissaries-General Colquhoun and Forater; Lieutenant Kerr, 3d Re iment; Surgeon CuLen, and 5 purveyors. I "T hTe Cumxberland stear-transport arrived on the 25th from Smyrna, with stores, bringing Captain Bamett, the superintendent of the transport serviee; Lieutenants Scott and Bain'ridge. RN., agents; Paymaster Hire, and Surgeon CosteLo, RLN. : The Herefordshire sailing transport arrived from the Dardanelles on the 2ith. "The French sailing transport Massimo (Austrian), with artiLery and ordnance stores for .14=eies; the anny (Fr&ch), with stores for Oran; the Sumnroo {Enge]ish), vith stores for Hnvre; the Hestorin (English), vesth floor; the Fi?_ey and MTinden (English) and the RQobert Peel (l=orwegian), vwith barley, all arrived from Kamiesc and Constantinople on the 26th. "'ThePeninsular and OrientalComnpan6y7s steam-packet Eusine arrived from Alexandria on the 26th, bringing the heavy India mails, and among other passengers the fellowing :-Majors Fulton and Graham, Captains Bacon and Rughes, Lieutenants Bridge, Godfrey, Btchins and family, Memant, and Parsons, and Ali Keham. After landing at Malta Captains Gray and Spencer, Lisuenant Cockburn, and Ensign Sewell, she left for Southam non the same afternoon. The Valetta steampacket, elonging to the same company, left for Marseilles on the evening preceding, conveying the overland mails for England, and in addition fo the passengers who came in from Alexandria, Major Steward. "' The Karnak screwv steamer, with a general cargo from Constantinople and Alexandria, arrived on the 26th, and left on the same evening for Liverpool, conveying Captain Smith and Dr. MILeod. "An Egyptian steam-frigate, the Bacchante steam-transport, the American ship Cavalier Rockland in the French transport service and the French postal steamers fromn MEarseiles are just telegraphed." The screw steamship Robert Lowe, Captain Congleton, belonging to Messrs. W. S. Lindsay, M.P., and Co., put into Plymouth Sound yesterday morning, short of fuel, bound for Spithead. She left Balaldava June the 28tb, Constantinople July the 1st, Malta the 8th, Gibraltar the 18th, and Lisbon the 22d, and has biought home about 800 officers and men of the Land Transport Curps. Officers of the 2d Battalion-Major J. P. Robestson, Captains Henry Helliker, H. Breedonm. G. R. Pepper, C. E. Pisher; Liaeutenants C. P. 'Williams, James Ollerton, Wfilliam Stykes, Cornet H. J. Sweeney, Surgeon James Reynolds, Assistant-Surgeon H. Robotham, Paymaster J. Scott, Adjutant C. Sutton, Quartermaster J. P. Foley, and Veterinary-Surgeon Channon. 4th Battalion-Major J. S. F. Dick, Captains J. Balcombe, Henry Atkinson, A. Grey, and J. Smith; Lieutenants Walsh, Charles Farwel), George Hall, and Charles Macintosh; Cornet G. Ramsay, Surgeon Jackson, Assistant-surgeon W. RPamsay, Paymaster W. Stevenson, Adjutant G. James, and Quartermaster W. Todd. 7th Battalion.-Veterinary-Surgeon Dorcfield. 2d Battalion-24 sergeants, 12 corporals, 361 privates, 10 civil farriers ; 4th Battalion-17 sergeants, 14 corporals, 367 privates. 7t;h Battalion-i private; total, 806. The screw steamship Victory, Captain Richards, from thelMediterranean, put into Plymouth on Saturday. Sho left Constantinople July 8, Malta 16, and Gibraltar 25. Sir Arthur Rumbold, Captain Netherwood, Captain Room, and Lieutenant Tracey, Osmanli Cavalry, with about 10 other passengers, have returned in her; and, besidesa full general cargo, she brings from Constantinople 10,0001. in specie. The steamship used as a workshop at Balaklava sailed from Gibraltar before the Victory, which passed her in the Bay of Biscay on Thursday. Strong north-east gales and hazy weather compeled the Victory to put into Plymouth for fuel. A court-martial assembled on Friday, on board the flagship Impregnable, in the Hamoaze, Plymouth, for the trial of Lieutenant Joseph George Shanks, Royal Marines, serving on hoard Her MaJesty's ship Queen, for having, on the lOthof July, used reproachful language towards Lieutenant 'William D. D. Selby, R.N., of the same ship. The court consisted of Admiral Sir James EL. Plumridge, president, and Captains Harry Eyres, T. V. Anson, F. Hutton, G. G. Wellesley, C.B., A. Lowe, E. G. Fanshawe, C. H. M Buckde, Thomas Bailie, H. Broadhead, W. H. Jervis, . 0. Haynes, and a. Wise. Mr. Beer defended the prisoner. The evidence clearly proved that the prisoner had taunted the prosecutor with having hid himself under a gun carriage while in action; but, inasmuch as he had afterwards offered to apologize, the Court adjudged him only to be severely reprimanded, and to be placed at the foot of the list of the first lieutenants. The Prince J erome and another French frigate were in the Tagus on the 22d of June. No English ship of war was there. The cholera was subsiding at Lisbon. The frigate Meander, 44, Captain Thomas Baillie, sailed from Plymouth Sound for Queenstown yesterday morning. The screw steamship Sanspareil, 70, Captain Astley C. Key, from Portsmouth, arrived at Plymouth on Saturday; she is appointed to go into Eamoaze this day. The screw steamship Exmouth, 90, Captain Harry Byres, and the paddlewheel steam-frigates Leopard, 18, Captain Courtenay 0. Hayes, and Valorous, 16, Captain Claude H. M. Buckle, went from Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze on Saturday. The crew of the Amethyst, 26, got tops and lower rigging over mastheads at Devonport on Saturday. The paddIewheel steam troopship Dee, 4, Commander Thomas C. Pullen, left Plymouth on Saturday for Pembroke. The folowing officers have joined the depots of their re spective regiments at Chatham garrison :-Captain J. H- Chads, 5th Fusileers; Captain Douglas Hastings, 78th Highlanders; and Lieutenant J. S. Keddle, 83d Regiment. By the Peninsular mail packet Madrid, which arrived at Southamnpton on Saturday evening, we have received the following items of naval and military intelligence from Gibraltar :-The 13th Light Infantry, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Lord Mark Kerr, and the 89th, commanded by Colonel Ferryman, had received orders to hold themselves in readiness for immediate embarcation to the Cape of Good Hope. The 15th and 96th were mentioned as the two regiments ikely to relieve the two corps doing duty at Gibraltar. Her Majesty's steamsloop Vesuvius, Captain Hore, had returned to Gibraltar, from Malaga, and Her Majesty's steamsloop Aiiel had sailed for that port. The William sailing transport, Captain MIburn, laden with returned stores, and having nine officers and i30men of the Land Transport Corps on board, anchored off Ragged Staff on the 23d ult. from the] Crimea, bound for Spithead, and would be towed out by the Bustler. The Chasseur (engineer workshop), under the command of Captain Bright. man, returning from the Crimea, whence she sailed from Balaklava on the 5th, Constantinople on the 9th, and Malta on the 16th inst., arrived at Gibraltar on the 24th. Alter taldng in a supply of coal and water,'shb was to resume her voyage to Spithead in the evening. TheChasseur spoke, on the 20th, in lat. 37-35, long. 4-14 B., the British brig Wild Wave and British schooner Argo; and, on the 21st, in lat. 37-37 N,, long. 4.54 X., the British brig Duchess of uinster. A letter from Carlisle Bay, Barbadoes, dated the 12th of July, says :-" The Imperieuse, 51, Captain R. B. Watson, C.B., arrived here on the 10th, and found the Arrogant, 47, Captain Lyster, in the Bay waiting orders. The Cossack arrived o n the 11th, and the Victor and Tartar anchored this morning. The Orion, 91, Captain Ershine, and the two gunboats Intrepid and Pioneer are hourly ex;pected. 4 p.m.-The Orion has just arrived. 6.30 p.m.-We sail for Greybovn as soon as we are allzcompleted with coal, &c.'y Her Majesty's steam despatch gum-vessel Osprey, Commander Blomfield, arrived last night (from tht eastward) at Portsnouth. Her Majesty's ship Colossus, 81, Captain the Hon. H. Keppel, left Portsmouth harbour at noon on Saturday, and anchored at Spithead. Her Majesty's ship Himal3ya, Commander Priest, left Portsmonth yesterday morning for Plymouth. Her Majesty's steam corvette Cruiser, 17, was commissioned on Friday afternoon by Commander C. Felowes, at Portsmouth. TLe- Gorgon, 6 guns, paddlewheel steam-sloop, Commande'-r George W. Towsey, arrived at Sheerness on Saturday last (from Portsmouth). The officers and crew of the Edinburgh are ordered to proceed roundtoDevonportinthe Gorgon to take charge of the Cambridge, 78 guns, at that port, she being appropriated for a gunnery exercise-ship there. On paying off the Terrible at Sheerness on Saturday Captain lI'Cleverty, C.B., distributed on the quarter deck the good conduct medals, and announced that the Admiralty haa granted the gratuity to be given, with the medals, to the following semen:-v!sn, to Busbridge, gunner'smate; Grant, ship's cook (late boatswain's mate); and Bowden, JUSrtermaEter. Captain MrCleverty Lighly compli ented th3e naines for their ezodlent cQadrMing tbo timne they had been d.Ing duty on board the Terrible; and ha then inforuaed them that, shoAld he~ be so forl;umate as t6 get an telIly command of anotlier ship, he sho ld make applic&' tion for the same company, and also for their efficient commanding officer, First-Ieutenant W. I. Jeffren to be permKtted to join him. The Brilliant, 20 guas, saiing ship, Captain ames A. Paynter, had her compasses adjusted arnd bent sails on Saturday last at Sheerness. Captaia Paynter has received Admiralty permission to pay the seamen their usual advance at Portsmouth, many of hIs crew being natives of anidvolunteers from that port. At 12 o'clock at noon, yesterday the ItFlacca, 17 guns, steam-sloop, Captain Arthur Parquhar, arrived at Sheerness. The Idalacca is from the West Indies, aud last from Portsmouth. The Royal Mail screw steamer England, Lieutenant A. D. Dondas, RN.T., Commander, sailed on Saday from Wool. -ich for the Cape of GoDcl Hope. Thetransport Star of the South, having landedher ammunition at Purdeet, arrived at Foolwich on Saturday morn. ing to discharge her ordnmnce stores from t,he East. The John Campbell transport has arrived at woclwich with a cargo of wheels, forge wrggons, and ordnance stores fromtheEast. The John Barrow, from the London Docks, has arrived at Woolwich to be laden -with ordnance stores, &e., for Halifax. The following appointmerts were mado on Saturday at the Admirty *:- Lieutenant H. R. Crofton, to the Actken ; Luke Master. son, Paymaster to-the Highfdyer; Henr, C. Davy, Pay- master to the Medusa; Henry Bruaston, Paymaster to the. Actneon; James 3L Carmichael, Clerk to the Highflyer; Thomas S. Wells, Surgeon to the Highlyer.
AQUA TICS, A very exellent amateur pair-oared boatrace was rowed on Saturday evening, for a urize of the value of 10l The competitors were-C. Halei and J. Marriott (Times Unity Club), and W. WVhite (Queen's Printer's), and J. Perry (Messrs. Tyler's), and the distance rosed was from MIr. E. Godfrey's,the Queer's Head, Mortlake, down to Putneybridge. Haes and Marriott were the favourites, at G and 7 to 4, and in some instances 2 to L The Curledw steamer acconpanied the race with the frieods of the ties, and -was crowded with a respectable company. 'The start was anything but a, good one, inkes and Marriott being all abroad while White aud Perry wer3 as quick as Bightning; the latter consequentlyw entofwith a lead, and retained itwellfor some distance, but Hales andMarriott, on nearing Chiswick,began to improve their po3ition, andin the shoot near the Ferry overlapped their opponents, aud fairly shot aheaL The rowing of bothparties, especially of HEaes and Marriott,was worthy of proessed watermen, for they sat the beautiful outrigger in which thev rowedi, and which was far sunerior to their oppoents' bat, as though they had been brought np to the river. At Hammersmith.bridge Hales and Ariott were four or five lengths ahead; and, though a gallant spurt on the, pars of Whito and Perry at the Crabtree slightly diminshed the lead, Hales and MArriott afterwards went further in advance, and won by eight lengths. Never did men row a fner Etemn wager than the losers.
TBIAL FOR .X2DER. TO TE lEDITOBi OF THE ZTMES. Sir,-Being present at the recent important trial for murder at the Central Criminal Court, I was, as a novce, much struck with one Dortion of the proceedings. At that awful juncture when the foreman of the jury had just de-. livered a verdict of " Gnilty" to the silence-stricken Court, the Clerk of Arraigns forAlly announced the dictum of the jury to the prisoner, and as formally demanded of him if he had aught to say why sentence of deLth should not be passed upon him accordng to law ? Hardly had the la-st word been uttered by this official when Mr. Harker's stentorian voice commenced a set form of proclamation, which the prisoner, doubtless in common with the uninitiated part of the audience, deemed preparatory to any observations ho might choose to make; bLt no! it effectually precluded any attempt at remark on his part, and but claimed silence during the passing of sentence by the judge. This done, tne prisoner (in my bearing) applied through his counsel for leave to address the Court, to which Lord Campbell replied "It is too late now," when indeed no time had been allowed him to have uttered a word. I departed impressed with the idea that the fault lay with he crier of the court-his too hastily proceeding -with the proclamation of silence-a proclamation, by the way, always uncalled for at such a. moment of breathless attention; but, from the reports of the more recent trial at York, I perceive that the same plan was followed there, even to the cutting short of an observation commenced by the pri-- soner, who is reported to haive again made an unsuccessful attempt to speak after sentence had 1,een passed upon him. I enclose my authority for this. It may, of course, be said that ample opportunity is afforded the prisoner of clearing himself reviously to the retirement of the jury, and that nothing he might now say could or would serve him. Then why, I ask, mock a man standing in so awful a situation, by asking him to speak, and then sealing his mouth? In England the time has come for the I ;bolition of all unme.ng fors; and surely the judges have power either to abolssh this, or to make it available to the prisoner. We all knwo that, in the case of a female criminal, there is one plea which she 'would not urge in vain in bar of immediate execution, but I know not if this would be the stage at which she or her counsel would raise such plea;. There may, for aught I kno, be some admissible reason in the case of a man why sentence should not be passed; if so, in Heaven's name, give him time to offer it, or, if not, then refrain from so mocking his imisry as to ask |for that which he can by no possibility produce. E ~~~I am. Fir. vonv obediA.r, RAv:n DAVID HENRY MOlNCKTO2N. I Rtugeley, Aug,ust .L
THE CAPrAL CNV1CmS.-In the cases of William Dove and James Murdoch, condernned to death for 3nvrder, etrong applieations have been made to the Secretary of State; but upnto this tne Sir George Grey l a seen ne ust grounds for interfering with the due course of law. The eecation of aiurdoch is fised for Tuesday next, and Satarday nest is appointed for tha faina punishment of Dove.-Olcerrcr. Dn&'ra OF' A CnnSAN SOI,DIEBi.ThC Yor.hshire papers record the sudden death of Sergeant Wa31is, a native of Barnsley or the neighbourhood, ander somewhatvpainfu circumstances. Sergeant Wallis, who was in the 2d hat' talion of the hifle Brigade, was ine the whole of the Crimean campsign, and he arrived at Aldershott on Friday week in the enjoyment of good health. On arriving at the cam,D he took off his kcnapsack and coat, and said, "ThasrM God I have arrived safely is. Old England again;* ru ncw have a *ood rest." As soon as he had uttered thtese words he fell down and died instantly upon his'knapsack. Hewas Iorn in t188, and was 20 years of age whea he entered the service. On the brealdng out of the late war his regiment was early under orders for the Crimea, and there he had mnny hair-breadth escapes. At the battle of the Alms, although in its midst saw his comrades fell thiecly around him, he escaped minjured. Ho was hotly engaged in the battle of Inlcermann, which he described as one of the bloodiest battles on record, and where, after firing away all their ammunition, they had to knock out the brains of the enemy with the butt-end of their rides and run them through with their bayonets. He performed trench wvork for n months, during which time he suffered severely, in common with the other troops, from exposure to the atmosphere during cold nights, and from want of food, covering, and other necessaries. While on duty one mighUt a shell from the enemy came over into the trenchandfel at his side, exploded, and smashed the stock of his ri'fe and cut the scabbard of his bayonet in two; but he miraculously escaped injury with the exception of a scratch on the bask of Mns ear. in the assault upon thoRedan, along with some others of his regiment, lhe was in a very dangerous Position being engagedin carrying scaling ladders and wool-bags for t.he assault5 during which time hoe was exposed to showers ogf grape and canister, which mowed dowvn large nuFmbers o£ his comrades. SKmcH OF GaeiEN WAnxx.- At a first glancee General Walker appears a small man; but w.hen standing beside men of the average heighithe appearsatr3'de taller than they. He is very thin-not an ounce of superabundanltflesh upon his bones. The framewVork of his body is small, but he has avery tough aud sinewy appearance. His soldiers say (these who have been with him since the begmnning of Isis adventures) that be can endure more hardship than the stfrongest-looking man in the State. Ee is one of the most industrious of men, and supcervises the entiro affairs of the country. His ordinary dress consists of a p air of conmnon blae pantaloons5 a coarse bluo linen oversisirt, ulpon the shouldees of which two small piece of red flannel do the duty of epauwlettes, and a straw hat. When he sits hne sjettles down *in the most careless manner, his shioulders appearing to contract into a smell oemnass. His ungretnl posture while sitting, wvith his unpretenlding style of dress, is apt to disappoint those who expect to find in him physical dimensions proportionateoto the s tread of his fame. But when nm fall iniform and animtated his whole appearance changes, his shoulders expeand to squareness, his beigsht rems to increase at least a couple of inchel, and the spa ve of his usually dreamy gray eyes indicates ste fire and briliancy of the man withi n. Hs head is more than usually high, somewbEat large in Proportion to his body, aud esnands as itr2isesunpward. His hair2s of al' ht colour; his forehead is broad and smooth, and so developed in the reflective faculties that a phrenologist would be apt to pronounce hio m an idealist H ulative turne of ind. Hsrios f thin, his nose sligroy aquiline, his moath is well formed, expressing great finness, and his lips have that comnpression pecuL;ar to those who hro very fastidious and systematic. ois eyes are rather small, and placed low dov fwrm his broW. He sits with much deliberation, aud is particuLar in his choice of word.s When so interested os conversation, however, as to forget himse]f in the subject, his delivery is east and even graceful. His face, without being particulaly handsome, has an intellectual and th easing expetsson, and.a mou6stche wshich hieis cultivatin ill shor ty asdrd its graces to the toht enscmRoleof his features. His ambition is, odoubt, great, yet le as in appearance as modest and retiring as x schoolboy. No personl would suspect inr his ballnasshuli eealf-shrinlseng manner the desperate courage of ahich he is possessed, nor suppohe that hs small hands and delitely taered fingers had so often fought their y ith the butr-eni of a pistol through a crowd of enemies, He was born on the 10th of May, LS594, and is conseuently alittle over 32 years of age. He associates but mlitbe ith his soldierr but when in their colnuany treats them in all respects as ecahism Through his apaeot latck of pride h has suceede in gaitingtbe respect, if not the affection, of his mtis, who, in peaking of hig to each ofier,ncal him by the faroiliar nauieof "lUncle Billy," At prsn al th hmericans in thcataua have an specialinterestoin his life, forverehe to die there is no pearon, in the choeence of General W norcourin, rto e A coie versation howevesf continuation of tmeir strnggle, iec evw 2iefe retrest fion the Cotnnttry.-ffel o Ya e a; tes. I t. no,dout, gret, et e is i appeaance a modes and r.
K .EwspAPRIz -RosEOUrioZt.i'01 FO rBEL. AtRdainbir&h au action, in which 1,0001. were climed as damages for deramation,'wa tried on Wednesday and Thursday last, beftire the -Lord Justice Clerk and a jury in the Court of Session,. in which Mr. Dunean Tren, merchant there, was pursuer, and the proprietor anld editor of th &cotnun ne wsoaper were defenders Mr. WLaren is a gentleman who. i loag taken a prominent pert 'i the affairs of thIe Scottish' metropolis, and has throughout been a very ardent supp6iter of Liberal and Voluntary opinion. Be filled the cvin echair from. 1851 to 185, and in 1852 unsuocessfully contested the representation of the city. Mr.' iPLaren. has. subsequeutly taken an active part in defending. the, Scottish* Publichouse Act, by letters to lI%c Tims and otherwise,. The Scots7an news. paper hs, biy its strenuous, enterprising, and consistent ad. rccacy of the cause, lone stoodanoug the firstLibe"rnewspapers in ScotlaucL M. M'Laen. and the Scotsscnw have for many 'years, tleref6re, acted -with the same political part;5 but the ,Sco!caf, in the struggule of five candidates for the reprysentatizn of E3dinlburgh in 18v2, gave all its influence to the sujpport of 31ra aulay, whc then, with r., Cowssn,- carried& the election; Mr. Melaren manl losing his seast through th3e in'uence of Conservattive sotes turning tbe balance in favour of Mr. Cowan, also a Liberal candidate, In the election for Edinburgh in February laBt, in cosequence of the resg ationof M. M;ta caulay, M. ldLaren sad the iotswna were ain fouid in oppostion. The news-paer laboured with ereat zeal to promotethereturnofMf Blal4 whowasthent e ssl fucandidate, while M3r. 'laren became an active partisan of the defeated candidate, Mr. Brown Douglas, whom he supp>rted on account of his derennination to uphold the Publahouse Act, which 3r. Black was willing to "inquire" into and -of his opposition to Maynooth, tue gn to which Mrh Black desid to continue, nless Ihe whole ecclesiastical arrangements of Ireland were "ldjuste'" Mr. Brown Douglas was, mo.eover, a. gentleman who, as remarked by thepresading judge pontie trial, had "this ufortunate meri fhats the Conservatives thought him Conservative and the Liberails thought himhberal." The combination of Conservatives, Anti-Maynooth men, and Teetotallers arrayed against Mr. Black, a consuitent veteran of the dibeadl cause-and especial his de sr^tion by his old friend and feUow-worker in it, Mr. M'Lazen-naturally became the subject of pointed rearnzk bythe Scotsiw nl wluch, from the rest of the Edinburgh rMess beig either neutrag or actively rrlayed on the other side, hasd then to fighlt single-hanuded the keen but successful battle forMr. Black In theheatof the contest, however t.he &tot.saiesn undoulbtedly suffered itself to fall into, unduly strong langua ge, as the following pragraphs founded on at 7he trial'will*show:- " Mr. s'Laren's long and absolute rule over his followers is ani undeniable prod f of his powser of mind and will; but all things have thein limi s, and surely ba yesterday overs"epAd the hounds perontted to him even by the most eletr oand besotteh of hisfollovest. It was a most painful instance of how a clever and useful man may ruin hims elf by mere sourness of sBoul -WVe cannot trusst ourselves to comment on suh a speech,-old prienciples cast to thewind; old friends traduced, their lives scoffed at, and their deaths pretdicted;, venom ija every word, and a duagger in every " {At Mr. Browrn Douglas'smeeting . . . with the electors of the south side, the most conspicuous feature was the conduct of Mr. DDnncan NPLaren asschairman. The like of it, we venture to Eay, was never seen befora at any Edinburgh meeting, however low in character, and though presided over by the huzmblest man or the Leenest partisan. Every elector who rose to exerCise his right of speech or uation was received wzith a volley of taunt and insolence trom the chair; and, if he happened to have once been a member of the chairman's own committee (meaning the Liberal committee, t -which Mr. Mlenformerly belonged) so much the more wss he insulted and browbeaten. " There is no man of whom, though we would it had been otherwise, we haive had to say harder things than of Mr. Duncan :I'Laren. At this moment, not insidiously, but to his teeth, we c harge him with deserting principles and traducing friends and deceiving enemies, and acting only for his own purposes, and especially his own mnlignties."1 The firstof theseparagraph3 referred to a speech of Mr. !d?Laren, at Queen-street-hall, in which, among other ceiticisms on MDr. Blacs's qualifications, he adverted to his being shove 70, and t the probability of his not suriving a twelvemoth if he entered on committee vwork, The second alluded to a meeting at which Mr. h'Laren took an un. usually prominent part for a chairman, and in partieuLar received the questioners of the other party with emarks which had the effect of turning the laugh of one part of the meeting upon them, and Dro ducing a sympathetic irritation nmong the rest. Teere were also some metrical squibs and fictitious advertLisements founded upon, and the issue put to the u w "Whether the said articles, passages, verses, and fictitious advertisement, or any parts thereof, are of and concerning the pursuer; and whether the pursuer is thereby calumnniously ard injuriously held up to public hatred, cortempt, and ridi-ule, to his loss and damage " The damages were hsid at 1,0001. There were, also, references in several of the articles and, verses to an oppro. brions epithet applied, in 1852, to Mr. M¶Laren, by Sir William John;ton, a former Lord Provost of the city, at which 3Mr. M%taren also felt aggrieved. Evidence was led for the pursuer, to the effect that the articles referring to the meetings were not justified by his conduct at them; that his remarks on M1r. Black at the first meeting were fair and even kind ; and that, as chair. zman of the second meeting, he gave both sides a fair hear- alg. The defenders sought, but were not allowed, to out in the articles of otber newspapers at the time, to sh6\ the heated language thatwas used on the other side of the contest; nor were they aloweed to refer to former speeches by Mfr. ?I.aren to prove thathe himself sometimes used strong language of others. They, however, were enabled to prove that Mr. M'Laaen had, in 1552, denouneed (though hypothetically) Mfr. Brown Denglas as a " calumniator," and that he had also described another parson, understood to be Sir W. Johnston, as having betrayedletvery friendhehadfor tlhelast 2O years. They brought evidence also to prove that Mr. M'Laren's first speech was a "cruel and unfeeling" one, and that his con uct in the chair at the second meeting was unfair. The DE i.r of FACrrTY, in his speech for the pursuer, contended that these articles were not only unjustifiable, but exceeded even the license that could be allowed at an election period. Eemsintaineathat they were a succession ! of calunmious attacks, most injurious to r. M'Laren's Dnublic and private character, and called for such a sum of aamages as would sufliciently express the jury's sense of the [injury he had received. The LORD AD'VOt'&on replied for the defenders, contending that Mr. lIPLarea was the lest man who should have come into court with such a case, he himself being generally regardiess as to his language respecting political opponents, and that the articles of the Scoisman, if not moderate and well founded, were certainly dithin the limit of electioneering debate, and only such las were used bythe press and even Parliament every day. lis Lordship war2mly appealed to the jury to protect the liberty of thr,press, whicahhelheld to be at stake in this triaL The LORn Jue=CE CLERK directed the jury that the casewas one eminently fortheir decision, and remarked that they need not be deterred from giving redresa if they thought it was due, by any fear of restricting the liberty of the press, as their verdict could oly affiect this articular ease, and the press was idways safe in a jury's hands. The jury, after 20 mnbtes' deliberati.on, returned a verdict for the pnsuser.-Damages 400!. The result was receivedwith considerable cheering inthecourt. It has, however, exdited considerable sensation and conflict of opinion out of doors.
THE PAirS EXHIRITIOi.M TO THE EDITOR OF THE TThEES. Sir,-I believe your columns are open to the complaints of journeymen as well as employers and others. At the close of the Fans Exhibition, of1855, Theorders and medals were distributed with the usual promptness of the French, 'but in an unlucky hour they intrustedthe certificates of Honourable Mention to the officals at Malborough-house for distribution among the English, being the only although slight honour that a few of 'us journevmen ever had. We have of course been anxious to rece*ve them. Finding we seceived no notice of them, although dated last lTovsmber, just nine months since, we have made several applications for them, without any sstisfactory answer for the delay or as to when we shall get them. Ferhaps some af your correspondents can inform us howwe canm I an yours rasnecfnllv ONE OP qTH6 H)N(CTRNRT.V S'TrTn.Tn Angust 2.
I StICTh OF A YOUNG liafY Il? A 13AnG I cnCmv.-On Tuesa y last the visitors and inhabitants of Wal ton-on-the-lTaze ware greatly distressed by the circumstance of a young wioman, about 22 years of age, having committed suicide on Tuesday last in one of the bathig mnachines. Our correspondent states that the decease, whose reputed name was Snell, about three months since arrived at Walton from London; and, up to the time of her death, occupied apartments at 2fr. Shermarn's, orth-street. She had with her an infant si nmonths old, -whose guardian she represented herselfto be, and for some time past it had been observed that her spirits were greatlv denressed, neglecb and the scanty means at her command eiidently preying heavily on her mind. It had been noticed also that, since the arrival of visitors, shehas sought the ntmost seclusion, even to absenting herself from public -wor ship, and, nn Saturday lat, it appears, she -went to Col chester, wsnere she raised funds by iledging her watch, &c. On her return, alter disochrging some pressing claims, she intimateaher intention to leave for London on the morning ofthe catstrophe, She, however, instead of doing so, re- ,dre&tothe sans ascthigh tae and -ngaoed a nachine for the avowed purpose of bathing. The attendant suggeted that, as sie was a str.nger and alone, his daughter should accompany. her, but the offer was politely declined, and the machine wa at her re uest laceda out in deep water. After a lapse of about minutes, sose ladies bathing from the adjoin. ing machine observed some clothes floating under the curtains of that of the decemsed, and, their attendant failing to obtain a reply.from tht quarter, search was made, when the lifeless body of the young lady above alluded to was discovered, her head being flrmly.fixed downward under the bathing steps of the machine. Her shawl and bonnet enlyhad been removed]. Instant atten,dance was afforded ybfr hr nthorp,..sgeon, vo wras accidentll passng at theG time, but, unhappily, although every mean s ws xeorte to to restore vitality, Iife proved to be. enLtirely,extincL. 2From letters, &o., found in her luggage, it appears th an attachment had been formed with an officer in Her ma. jesty'sservice, emlting in the birth of theinfaut acove named, and on his return from the seat of war she learnt he was on the eve of marriage. This, added to her abandon. ment by most of her family, no doubt led to this da&w&. ing eveat, which has cast a gloom over the entire dietrict. SeverAl documents have ilso been discovered, wlich wre to 'ee prodod at the rnqXiest, and which may tend* to exphida the cause of so direfu a catastrophe. The arua exciXe the warest symnpathy among the visitors, mDoss ptrticulail as it ha been obsa. ,that bothimother and in~t irereoally without friends.- T he child: rem$ains under tii care ef Mxe, Shermnan-(ff*dmSford Chod f EA
SALES BY AUOTION. cphre-comione.-Six acres of Land, naresThree 33ridgesBaP3Ilwa7 . Btattsn. 7i- B.1OXON begs to inform the pubiic. that this. M REEHOLD ESTATF, Wle= easebwneer, 2s STILL on SALE. -St. bfartins-pla:co.- Lewnrhold Housea, Pimulico. R.M X Nbegs to inform the public that'tle r agwptjon of thezm HOUSES were NTOT SO LO at the auc- Freehold Ground. Rentq, with early Reversionst~o Qhe P-Ig ~Rental of dest-c]ass Property; also Heathi-bouse, a large Family Residenco, with extensive Pleastrue Grounds, and other Houses; the whole pro-) daclng about StO per anuUso: bdmotho dest prion of the flstato of tile Late W. Heath, ERq., at Camebridge-heates,Hackney. R~ . MOXON has received instructions frona tho AlEvecutors to SELL the above Scat-class PROPERTY at the Auction MN.art, oxn Wednecsday, August 6. at 12 o'clock, lin lets. Mihe whole is freehold and latud-tax redeemsed. sud comprises the groond rents, secured upon very excellent family houses Itn Baret-stre Ifeckney, Carahridge-heat, ash-grove, the Crescent, and the 0Or the I"'cof vrhtchhaving been originally granted but for 61 yrears, fal i from 25 to 40 Years, andt the rack rentals Of whicht armount to nearly £1,tOO per annum. Also Heath-house. anmodern mansion anid extensive grounds, at Cambridge-heath, formerly the residence of Mfr. H'eath, hut now? let on lease for aboout OsI years, at the reduced rental of; Slo&, for a. ublic institution. Alsso several smiall Houses Particuilars W1,y be obtained at -tno Mlast- of UIr Brevetor. S. the Terrace, Ash-grove,Camubridge-heath; of #. G. Coventon, FEeq., sollcitor, 0, Gra'mius squwoarend of lr. W. Moxnma sreyoraedL auctioneer, 8r, Stl' 15 ,,!ace T.-afalgsr-suuare. Small Mreehold Hoames in theOva,lake-os _,TR. MOXON will SELL, a t te AcinIIr5o 'Wedlnesdlay August 6. at 1. bydrcinotheeuomfte into Wiliam HOads Sal-. in lots, FORErrpcs~wu~j six:-roomsed HOUSES witlh gardens, omn h et ie0 h vl and being Nos.27 to40 witha-ardesointhra' olea£On zjNa aesat of Landl. with 20) ?eet fron-aPtcurntth r; d 0:31. Mxon 3.SLMartin's-plc.M asa~qae Compact little Property of Fi7ee tue,V,rsra,Fla JU IIIOXION winM SELL, at the Mat on Wednes- .iday. Aug. 13, at 12, ine TOn flot, a newly dbsitESable POfPIER wdll-hux% nat HOmuSES being Not. 4,~ 0 Prviene-eyrrac, Ring'streat, Fslsio neathld forsed and Yall. Prletltrsgood V quatelyeants Partield;andtte at edo the auactioneer, 3, St. Martin's-place,-Ta~la.qa, GeligDblero- LeaseholdrInv A.tmets,eformll nFUts, at j -helsa,l- MMOXON WiM SELL, at the Mlart, on WedneslyVJay., Aug. 13, at 12, th TWSFO fLoigvr dROEsRTYel for62 ear TeTh N,of sIs Deo1,LnCdottag,placit-, treat Dinves-road, laeold fo 70es at M2r.en renot, andc Nto.r, Pe orovienlce-rtec gtofd-threet, S ls n h utioneer, 0. St . Mart tn'e-place, Trafaigar-square. tooeeLineeats ToiltnedrampeIls Sx-Prioknrces etoe e ?LFR WATERBURON illSELL by AUC- Thdn,Au .lnS BAt 11 preinly thSTONSo hav IrecivdIinfi.Tomstratios ctioePS.PN ri theburSAL ofacs thanelBTS, sh_awls,ticta god ondaluon.ac On tlew5t Wenesdat. ofon1 tl ,we a lwoge may beSadlte o roos,Prbyposty Gond appiaind.l acls Toeler Wlears ttire, Fm-Portio oa Wn-nd Stclluock.rpety WALTS.PRESBURTnd LwillELLF by SUCby AOCNhe- a theoms. 3, Boadway.s Upe L Sgteil. o rdy An ugust y, Atitgs thomate Ithfor TO,and ofoigdy a aSLVERASM RTH n ZIET ofLAULAERcompest Poliver spon foi-rksingc eolegant eleetro-patced, (pallrt Eladg-es'ste and coutteme sets,g sptir btads waitebs, Jcandleticks saoons, wIndies,clread andccakenbahkets,lerect , aefuni ctaoures hand.W; ait fueflao t1ies boutgutc-Poncr A-endon-deqsaxe, Dabon tlsedto take place onL the COXth-inst. 0r ae SaexofellenteFarmg.s Pop ty GLd FandmSliver Wane ,TeweublldsWaing_Attre Fbu it Aacrs, O and (tmoceloroeess)a Proerty hod LSSt1S PaRoaeSnotbfdgs and LAURENCE ewillaSElL (oneo Tee s)ally Augustld. atceiting12 andu 1 follwin sh,a arge lazebod forlJ a emo hc = ofISCELLA YEOU PrOeR . o-uexpired.iRat gold s.n mltverwaehes A ewelytoer. zminelnd3 gB,entleme'siwerigattiesbre,be andtabrloWbis, soEikr, narins,owoolncoh,elln oshl n offeUTTIture and aSra aIety , utoyer of uelanoraelalitems.y JL propertyilWMSELL by AUCTION, 'tergetRo, at1 Picdly nFinday.wAgcsk-cndor,Grw'ing. oThrdayralrg CALLEt aTI12 ofor by orBerRof theudigSherf of Mddlsex otha eGtlea,t'Oef. lRoPScaof hstiLOWEnd uponmatcanine acriesn achalfitin Mr. thens lEbsepYoflteFam Sot.hJaea Lter andy ad'cies tiMr. TSoirety' frm,ntPen-s sderc'o-u. tay bic vieaded yapsiara ctulnatn thebfarm, anovdfpartiuar badatl thverinn ineathy neighbourahood;and bocatste auctIoee's opies,m buoleatroua nlear Winedslowd, Ssc steogeswi D beY send on, apiatithe n~wo xecelent Frms. ot I.Fartlimbad.ons Wn hold, Lot2, FnhonseAnd.15 outbudng, andirabtouto tOe xecusorsan or atermste owhcupadoffMr. Ro yearn lare nof the nexpiFrm, Both lkt 'ithe free. Aply toDWoErs. iniHanUayes, soiciators a ylbeigNsbury; Z .,and 6I.Wlls solicitor. Wuiingslow. shealy,S.Leur, Bordth.wt orks,oneat Bookcse dS days Saole.pou'arc I3U IC an BROOKSON adBAuct reoneersuoclterary Wpoery il EL by AUCTION, at GaWY ntheir grea Room.t 70, Pticcdly tenFia.Ags&ad following dayAEHLS i os, a _:5.largeCOiLckTION of BalsuabeyOO, includngteslibrarylo aHgntlmand the,logica, histhoricl,band matthemratia, in~at choie, Condirtion;a-lsote solvedknw; tawhchd adudedaismable circltngrlibrary Premoved, from colach-or,asier anltd swordng,a th. Cearsotuatewio. be setonrppliation-r Boots,e ;]a Shores, peoingblass,ata adFxt ares-nt f.9 penruptcum MaEbe viewesd 4of,Oxford-stheet,eBooansb ond Tharticayar augustn V. lanl o'sloc prcsey the Fxteussvan Rexelloest sTolcKtof, a Nwen c3idzltBootan Shoe Deialr.an comptsin gentlnuemen's, yiout',dies', ofrls,an caaloue ha atth aucinEer'sa hlics,43 xord-, sasOPLS, SO, GrOeryTISDY, Re. 1 DecSELL bUR LAI3IIOg, a thirwoo(Lms,h1g,nS. Paul'-nurehy, ard, o cte, erday Augut 6 a boopuctally an resenTment ofomodesm FOaIRtNTUBE,cmprsing edsteds anabeddng,cests Fefdawer, and other usua chmbe appndaes,dinig, eo,and wltlz riting tables estand ndebards,maogny fampen chs itad ochen, lrgeqcsimeney glases, Xrcein %ndcaalges had at theroms Hosse-raLoe-aly, Wdlson-steeg St. JLeonahrd's, oeintche Midhlesex.- E'~ ~ ~~-reehold VA Rsdne t'sprcouseroudty. go Bid MR. T CROODNIN SM ELL by AUCTION,a IVJtheIfai, Fida,Tug.15,at 2,Ags by dietio of th ExlabecutrsF and rosten o Mr.RobetfYats, laenof thesKidng'cFrm Mortlakbg FIVE .EEHOL MDWLLnG-OatUSper, situoate anbettig upe,o1 3,,, ad 6 Formans-bildigs Horoubse-shoe-allgeery, St. einard's rentl fabou £11 perannm.Te abfttov pop 5 ert. y io ladedt to Mr. Freas fu a temtexirin advatagDe O ccupe 6,atio a grouenda rentof 1 er anum tha bo viewe by appliatgeiontomte byegmats sirdyatiulas ailofMends Garteoon had Son tS Angeml-court city. lake. Surrey.be. ocior,Suflkiae Cn Iai~o o Lorkenweq. ll-toeSmal Capitalists almndtBuilding, 2iJFSSan . BomoroOK a~n nds BEAL4t are instructedn toae bold. SELLtu by rAUnTON,e at GAarrawan', onThrday AugustB 7,de ar h foloin lHOngLASEwiHOSLLS inlt,b n -.~usik parae ousuy lgo;aso ey eial HUTOuse and PreAumie,wth w4rand p at the rMear HOSiaEHO.D ,UCrpoVration-lae ccmerenw.l and eas verydesirabl corneram Shcy tandPrmies, cbforwith, cotegach-home and sbIngna th Brusear, stanoteher arCorporatin-row be iewd ~semsssos 06 te tnans,andpsrtelaot an coceon- ReveJoe, 1olctor,1, e ThI Da-Mou urntue. latd Atices.LienWearng favo,reMR. OBET RID wll ELL at theirsttooMs, AL Grat Marborouh-stret, THI DAY,Atugupecsely3, Ft3UR-, Ij-tBB.E incudin roswood mahguny walut bBt ar,cnte anyanother abls ohas ieord,cnhs n eso chair ndms n arlts uaesadohrcres hme ant pir glases, Ahogayfur-pos t,3 jaaned Fenh anhte lie-tods,clan eddng wahatnd and dtine rsigtbe Freehold and Tithe-free Estate, com.- -A-fh&23a 2nsotr. BSp. td' Leys and Saw-pit Farms,, containingI tOe-the INs cor.n Opof capitol land, with farmo-house end home-. gleda al cnveietl arranged, entrance lodge, and laboore,.~ cotage The land lies very compact, ii 'well watered, and hen Cxenlleut roads, The hous`e in approached by an orns6mentual av,unu Of trees. Lot 2. A Freehold REbm-ure of Ar-able Land, 1019tls1naot's side ofte_nigoeo known en Broken Fr lcag,orHurt's Ie, oatalLtagitm- 3r 2p. L-ot 3. A Lereehold Ifs- ttale at LittlemOrs, cOntmicIsg g03, 2r. 15,o exrellentland togethes-_ wit agod esienc an hoescasi siuat inthe village: ibe hLoase aIrdgusdenare ow n te ocurasonfMrestbrook. Lot 4, A Rs-eloldbrck-uit Cttgain etleeer vilas,in the occupoifon lIt, ios,~-Wod7, MarlcrCOon i ea h Pn v T.c ONl thr rmse,osbee om,ro,Agst8 t1 fulb rero h ro eo h emn n medam HOUrrdE aedt l forames, 6).-call cottae panfotet rdswe ema, Drede chum nd cuches Plao andplatd go ds,troo Ee7zes-vs lagens, culaa.y--eqimes,antheuslelfuritre ndfittings of a geAiees-e- Nonw on riew.-Saville-row.-Modern Furniture. Chimney and Pier Glases, Grand-and Sqnvso Pianororte7. a. double-action Harpl by Erard, a IPatent Eapbonicon, Pictures, anid Drawings in water-coloux of considerable merit, a few lots of Plate and Plated Ware. Talble PoEelano Ctfs, a smal general Library, -and misceilaneouas EFecs, rmove from various private reaiaences and the Pautoebuiicon. 1~fSSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS wiIlSELL lMb AUCT ON,attheiurara Room, To-morrow, August5, and following daY, modera FIIRNITUEB' comprisaIg several sets of window ca-taisna oMaj..o damask, chis" cCa couchies, cabinets, booa ditto, wsabnots, IGo, cardI, Cntre, and ocaInltables in rose. wood, and mahogawy a gilt Cabriole suite covered in Indian sitin damask, chimney an'd Pier glazres in ornamnental frmes, beISSiSt. toned grand and Eqonre pianofortes, a double-actI0n. hasp by Erardl, EL patent euphanicon, sideboards, dining tables aud chairs bookcases, lit,rary tables, Turkey and Brussels carpeta audrugss a 10-f st bagatweU table- with slate bedl,a noble marble tazza. cabiie, picture and drawr. i5gs0. merit, a few lots of plate and Vsated artirles 200 volume,s in general litesiature - the musa aspendages for the Feleping apartments, inriudiagAr-abian, rench, andfo,ir-post beds-cads, excellentbedding, Wardrobes, cbeats of drawers, wahshtands aLnd tables, toilet glasses, ser. vices of china and glass, table and bed linen. a, large variety of orna. menalmicelanes an. thr efets iatloleues may nowebe had at the offces of Messrs. Rushwor~th and Jarris,Savile--ow Regent-street, and 19. Change-alley, Carnhill. go. -Is, aven~dish-square--Very exoeilent, Frnmiture sand a variet-yot Effects. including, avaleable Tl by Banks. TIjFssRS-. R.USH WORTH anJWVIS Will SELL byAUCION. on the Premiises on Wednesday, Atsuet 6, and following day, (the house baving been let,) the bandsome wellmanufactured FURNSITURE; including s-sites of crimson satin dan3ask Curtains, with cofa. conches. and ottomnant seats covered to cosrespend, and other ottomans and indulgent chairs in needleworl, tables Of Tarious descriptions, rosewooed commsodes and cabinets, large chimney and pIer glasses, Ornamental items, or-moulu suspsendinz lanms,dinirpoo an library appendages in mahogaony, inclain ca ifaiset ot 5ft. 6 drinin tables, 16 chairs with morocco leather seals I Sdeboard.i slde tables ants cellaret, writing tables and bookcases, Tug1 [keyandBrusel capets be chmbe reutees of the unasa descrIp- bedsateadseand i thelbasem-ent, aces edvnt' al and.ke ntb gio ardn, heldeervlc eas, ciat agond rlans, andle otoer efes.ectoble stewednthe a rcdn h ae n ssonsbdo h rmss M~ESSRS. RTSHWORTH and JARVIS will SELL iL by AUCTION, at Garrassay's, on Friday. August 8, at 12, a genteeIRESI:DENCE peasantly situate, in frontof the Fnlhiam-road, prosito the StamfordMatsattWalbanasgreen, and distinguished, as so. 6, Albert Villas, containing seven rooms, fore-court. garden, fta; let te a yearly tenant aLt £38 per annum by whose permission it can oniybe vewe; an paticulars had of 3,Iessrs. Rutshwortahand 3arsis Saville.rowv, Reegentastreet, and 19, Change-alley, CorahilL. I8arsow-road.-Two compact modern Leasehold ResIdences, plea- santly situate in Woodlfield-place, a few doors from the Hlarrw-road, near the Loc'cHosottal:. elleibe for investment or ocunpution. MESR.RUSEHWORTH and JARVIS wiISELL Aby ASUCTI.ON, at Gorrassay's. on Friday, August 8I at 12, in two lots, TWO genteel modem REhWDENCE,Nos, 14 and 6, Woodfield. p a oaa oeon E situation, neatI e second mile-stoen on the Harw-road eabh hel 'or 96 years at a ground rent of £4 10's. No. 14 is let to umr Hicma.not£30a Year. and No. a8isinaPerfectorder forpoccupatson. Each houLse contsaIn eight rooms, andma be viewed daily, and norticulors had at Garrap-n;y's -o rJosep Wytt, soIlcitor, II, ICings-road, Bedford-row ; ana of Resors, Eushwortla and Jarsss,Eavile-cosr Regent-street, and 19, ChMance-alley, CorniML, Netting-hIl-Ten genteL easehold Cottage Villas, withi Grdens, le-snt stuae i Lacaser,Sdechester, and Braruley roads, Feningfron te isrndo-rod,and in the vlcinty of lazdbrook-. smuire. MESSRS. RUGHWORTH and JARVIS are directed bythe MnrtgageesPeremptorllytoSREL byA'UffTION., at Garrawaly', on Friday. AugustS, at 12 in five lots, FIVE pAIl of very genteeL COTTAGES ItESIDENO£S. with fore-ourts and good gardens, aituate in a highly respectable locality, being Nos. 5 6,, 1IL and 12, Sileheeter-road, Nos. 1, 2,3, and 4, Bromley-road. and Nos. 1 endS , Lancaster-read, Nos. land 3, Bramfley-road,are letto yearly tenants, at £25 and £26 per annum respectivaly, and the remainder are i han, olerng Wtaleresmdencesfor ressetble families cr desirable investments. The houses are hedo SIyearst at grund rents, and eachpair being ina separate lease will forma lo.. May be viewed oil appllcatien at No. 12, Sillcheater-rosd where particulars may, be had;at Gorwapm's; of Messrs WhIte and B1arrett, solicitors, 10. WhViitehall. plae, f Mssr. Rshwrthand Jarris Saville-row, Begent-streer, Onalow-square.-A spacious and very elegant Leasehod Rsdne with pleasureo grounds and superior stabinag, the whole occupying nearly one acre, and forming a most attractive Property for a family fromthe pAsS Indies, or ofihcer returnsg fsom aboa the situationi being remarkable for the mildness of the air, Its dry gravel coil, and purity anid abundance of the sPring water. _IfESSRS. RUSH WORTH and JARtVIS are itdlretodbythe M,ortgagees peremptorily to SELL by AUCTIOf8! at Gasrwaya,on Friday August 6, at 12, tho elegant and spacious LEASEHOLD RESIDM'CE situate No. 57, in the Centre of the north-west side of Onslow-square, and in tho Immediate vicinity of the improvements now an progress on the estate at Xensington-gore, putrchased by the Govermm-ent for the National Galleries and alus;emun and which will shortly connect Onslow-sriuare with the fashionable disftritextending in front of Hydeu-pa Thoresldencehas afrontage of 40 feet, and rontains a suite or elegant reception rooms, conservatory nine bed chambers. bath room, good domestic offics,-,and superior stlbling for four horses, double coach-housezand four rooms over, and a large pleasure garden ; held for about SO years at a ground rent. Mray be viewed daily. and particulars had at Garraway's - ot Messrs. White and Borrett, solicitors, sO. Wlhstehall-place ' and of Vfems.re Euihwnrth anid Jarvis, Saville-rowr, Regent-street, And 19, Change-alley, Coruhill, Freehold Investments, Prtince-tre, ocstreqae 1~rSSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVISi wfi SELL IL b AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Friday, August 8. in two lots, an INCOME of £60 Per annuma, arising 1fres two undivided dsftl parta of a freehold houLse and husiness premises, 63, Princes-stret Leirstersquare, nearly oppoite to Sydnqy'e-alley; seemred by a separate leass Utedby he endo tothePresent tenant, Mr. Samuel Rirhard las. AEo n Ioom ofzMper annum, arising from one other undivided fifth part of the same freehold pro'pertY ;let for a corrcaoonding term under aseparate lease. Thep prmsshv en salsae brush mainufactory for ves-ymny= yearsunder the firm ofNewton;and Cools, and their predecessors. Tobe viewed by emeino h tenants, and particulars had of Mr. Starling,o ctr 4, Ionclovilie stret; nd f Mesrs Itshwrth and Jarvis, Saville-row, Regentsre,nd191, Change-alley, Cornhill To Stone Mferchans atr, otatr,anc others,~ ~4ESRS. VERSIELDand O Wm aSEiL bysntdb r.Jhi aywoo ton SEidLL by Ag. uCOe, a day, Auut at12friv.atoer lionteracte an FRXOthr hrgs about had attepaeoIae no the qactoners,ar of, Pariamcnt-tret an rolexchanges. groana~rehlGrus Rns ESSRS. EV'ERSFIELDad HORN willSELL AEby uctION attetat,o Fatly Athe ts (uar esdaye situate in or -rad i atn s,th gete pr offerhfoth cwolse oe rmavlc-slilmareteesbitnis ihgdeens,andF taEN rn; let at groad. rnents, atentnto£0a eea.whc wilre offetored inonle ornanmortelon andl in th ntm piat pfers foar.tHewhld for any Yer unexpied receve.Patiuar yadcodiinso saleaybeviwd adpVcl baxeraRsedad oro olslii ors,3,lPark-sree, Westminster;t, Themp Mat4n0fth utoer, 40,ParliamenwtWestminster, and Ca xhne miner'lil-prempory ale iW,rS.SE. MAENSFELDand ELLOTT are in- 13 . srnted to SELL by AUCTION, at the P Mart, on Fariay, August5, atorinfveIta(ulssa acetal o2e for 1,the whole be FT re, HI wel-bil Aunifor REIECE,e the FURNITIB and Ein thebSt copartiofthe birch adironbdg- and Primirs bladse ofe Mabessrs D -OltnBefUr Iaand Mantel n,doiio 4 lm-cour, Trempale andte ofathentauctioees, a4f, Pariamnt,steat, WEstmingste, and Coaluabe hane,ts 1~FE-SSRS. ?SIAWSELL andEELLITTarintarte n I31 tuce to SELL by AUC IPI,on, enhte Premises. 6,, Mwdssmc st0ret,EAt-eugust5 a TIS prcAey, uut4 t1 o, the whole of tevlal n thdemFULNITIUREan EFFECTs,n cnaomprsin bich and Aronbedstads arndh bedding, mahea chyntardrobe, insrmah oga eha and waoo)e mvsattr dsss and dthresn tblesdn, frobin-wod lehogtable pairgof cardtables zevels ofahais sofa anem ouches, circularW and tsothe-r ame stans, resdg tleslarebskcevslane, Ue Bruses aw-et an ugs ate ,. ardrswo darticesroomf suitre,in c0rom edin house. Maybetviwe the Ocsioaturd prff ecein and woktbmsofag, cofchsal Catalogues horvdon t heapremses longiat theis,aond oeai offcs 13ol, mengravOttqmareone ofts Halkin-p lae, and d12, tacbn-are, cutity.an gDetnudes-stret figrve-sedosuave-Caeytan md pern F lrstwre, Chimey and UULPieriGlasss Pierk Tables, coio r-mouluPrisandMnel anda O,ther Cloks Ofndrie hntal'Mv and other ornaenalhia,alfe Paitin,mglos an Toe-morow Auut8a Ipeley,tewoeer, th alnsalbloan mo derno dinner Fgns- comprising mahogany teoue-popt, frabin. aindiFenc tbledst eads wde andic t baen,tgs 1rim hoet,se-ha S irtand woo) matreses, and other beddntoing,fre.TOSpns mahog,rany winged wsard- robes, seve mriahoan hesEtdenoesdrawers, marbl3~e-tp and ohgb eriwashchmerfttnS,are MAN SELLe mdrawIn-OmTsuie, comrisingl wingedt caiEts, leo occason al.cofee, ndwrk tabes sofdas, couchstl,set of3 prcarved-ba cailln chirslunin cais,an FA two paSir of pl scruaeeans,otomng seats sut of prkgtue, and dra leabset crains axelnd gm'il.t corniespfr meindows chisoamney an peiderngases, silt2 pIer tobl-saeitho vaabn to, handsomeand massie or -Moper andnurquoi.se Olusel chnaindeie fo r ba 16d lights, dtto fee 12 ig its. fout-ls luure bedr-omo ,tu Prisandclok pe rwigof oz chier-onsu cadelara, Oriental lband Mandavrin chinaleat vasies. andote orsmeldfratIo tchina, satliol towogditto dinne of 420nper costly Spanishlepd nsoauytesepe-rtiuara hdinn tableas, prioreet thewide, and opein 18e offeet sot 0e18dittocanse, assd F,halot, msaeahgany- pedesutalonwritn t3a.bele, twvditoocasi onal ofHangings,Brusels and I%ther charpet, chiaad ls,lag erieao copes ladothrd Bslnryar7 atices andaual Befectr HuMaybve the ay recein ad morin of sale,AOnd cataoushd SONthe are7raises,tandba the ofcso Mumt-es. asl andEL b Eliot,autioneearsy and.epvaluers,1 , Bumelgeav o-sqase orner of Balioupl 2ace)b,an P1i, Ilraechontrantj tCeaboe*hilalshdl.EIYeidZAT Hyde-parkgathe,it the ngongore,ntsoil suesiorende maud spatiou- giardey-band pvthue, Benducs,oleDWrbo Yng Hyepwards, highl celigbl grud Mn lgbystatSeiLtetor and LLItT alfreo dthecAted emI tountesL balwy,AUCtIO a ate thei Maton Monday, Augusot 11iolpecsey aro Wichapitl. Three L wAeHllDecFArndMILYhum RE in Ota stuate and beingl 'oith th-e-arkegery. lheto lreasrpe to an exellen tenantgat for perucin annm altesova simiare Randence, NabunHde-t supar-gte nofevacalnt, bute fofa thtesvaluef£22 per annm,rbl teac hous cotain for betlbd roms,two dressing oros fourg servatsI bedroms, to hanoomedawingeons, c pservatory,dinngordera librry, nd vry cmplee ofces andis2hldafrealon sterm, at the low roun ren of 20 pr anum. ay esvewd or1al pretricuamtrs Woodnesboseegb,naSarindwich, e<nt. M R . HIOKS is- instructed bythe Trustees of -the- WilI of the late Thomas Harvey Faq.. to offer for SALE, at theAuctiOn Mart. London. nMondayAusugt4, at int he afternoon precsely, in one lot, a valuable LE:AiEHOL1)D MrsT&, known as Woodeshorough Parsonage, comprising the Manor of Woodme3sborougih, with%te chief rents, reliefs, cort baron, and ismuntsle, and the extensive,. oonven:ent, and sabs:antlal messuage or mansion-house, domnestia of Ec gardens, lawng, capital erc Dd mfa . fftsdl~-Yard; excapital rchards, specioua farm-yard stUcB.ysrd, eLit b=s: -detached coach-houses, stabling, and- other nrn-"'s-egrignitnraloutbuildiam together with the globe lands, con- talninS9a, 3r. l7sph ; alzo. the greater-portion of the rectorl tithes, . belongig to th pareonage, extending over l,85a, 2r. 14p., withia the hab, which havs been coimmuted into an sanual rent-charge of £1,031 G. ld., poyable lstb A jpil and 1st October ' alo a sebetantiat freehold oatt-bouse, hop chambezs. and several pieces of freehold land ad!ohihg the parsonage, and whichbave been for many yearsDast use- wilth% and containg including- tho site of the bulidlgs)l Sa. r6p;Tho manor is co-eeve with the paish, And the annual quit rents received at the court baron amount to about £ Gs. 1d., excluive of eDlts of court reliefs, &c. The pRsonage nd the entira rent-eharge ateCh16ld under the customary lease-from-the Dean and Chapter or Rocheeser for a term of St years from 24th June, 1 at atn annual rent of £36, and £44 s. 4d. for redeemed land-tax. -The right ot pro. sentaton to the church is renwowedto tho lessorm This fine estat, situate in the ma6t fertle. delighbtful, and healthy pasrt of Reot, presante to the captist or c6ountry genlema splendid oppor=uity 'ar A, solid and secace invstmieno, rhe land, which lies togetner and cowtiguous to the house, 'aremarksbly productive, as an Inspection at the prcsentv eiDo: will amply verify, itF matmal. capadties having been COnsideirblyeohneed by thejdicicu man.agement of the- late 9o rlstr. hayhov5evd b pemsalon oE Mn. Wllm Have, the. conlrsf di0ationst of sale, plah ns, obtained Iseses days I prensicslyto thsaIed at the -Roal Hoel, teal; Fiountai, Canter- ny; f ,. Jues Elgar, Crockihards, Winaha,ra I of the otirtocOr, Sandwich; at the is-r; of Mfessrs. JBleclsff, Coxe and. Bomrpa, solicitor, 19, Colerman,s±reet, London; and of SIr, Chalkr, solicitor,0 Dover Inuay.-Ercellent Househola Furriltuc,Cr a Ga~Cbn Pia-nof'orte by Kirkmanasitsrs,p 20 ucs-o Pa Jeweflery. IBooks. i-anen, kitchen Roqoioisc and other Effects,- F-AHINNOCK anld'GALSWORVTTHY WMl SELL'by : AUCTION, on the Premises, 21, Cauenbuirytegare, Islogton, oa Thursday, the 7th of August, at 12 o'clock, by order o the Lords JustLceM without the least resrve, the whole of theO Well-m1ad1e HOThaSarOLD -FURNIITUR.E2, including four-poet 5511lrench besteads, feather beds sadhedding, chests of drawers, Eroseels end Xiddermdnater carpets, dining, 1xo., card, and oGcasional t.,bles, chairs, couches sofais, sideboard Ornaments, chiminey-glass, IPirtuse 250 Ounces oflilate, J?nte ware, Jewellery, books, linen kitchin requistesz andeffects. May be viewed the day preceduag, and catalogues bad oa the premises ; and of the auctloneer;, 21, Regent-. s reet, Wattrlso-place. Exeleninde n Fritr ndfel,s ledd -Organ, by - Bevigwon * PaintingsasfidWateclu raig,adeffects. removed from a residenea at rtsleworb (. HINNOCK acnd GALSWORLTIY will SELL by- XjJ AUCTION, at tho Roeoms. 21. Old Bond-slret., on Wednesdayr. Augnstl 13, at 1'_ all the excellent well-moacte mooderm MRNgURP of' a gentlemans resience comrasising a drawing roomn suice in green UJtreebt velvet, dining room And library ditto, in red raorocco. Arabian artdFrench bDdsteads, marble wash-stends, cpital beds and bedding., sge ehirmney. pier. And console glasse, Turkey and Bruasels curpets,' few paiuti go, and water colour drawingsa fine-toned organ, by 5Berington. amcse efeb fcina, and cutFglss requirites for the domestic oflices. andnurmeroususefuteffecls, TLo be viewed tbeday preceding. C'stamogues bed at the auction rooms c and of Messrs. Chinnodk and G-lswarthy, 28, Iegent-street, Waterlso-place. Osdgnsie oath Wales.-auhsFeol sts.ihtmss frmLmee.and 10 mlsfo h amrhnRiwySaio comprising 1,23 acres of highly productive Lou,and340srso Freeholdgrigt of Sheepwallc, producing a Rentlo ic peanum, in three lost; by directioni of the ExeursothitoG. Smith. ESQ. (EHINNOOIK and G-ALSWOPRTHY beg to announce tki hat the PARTICULARS and PLANS of the above ESTATES for sale on Wednesday, Augus 20, at Lalipleter, are PUBLISHED, and may bo obtained on apn 'eotion to Mfessrs. Tathain, Uoton, UnIon, Said Johnson, solicitors Ausstinilrsae Of lutA.r Evans, of Garth, who will point out the estate, at the El-inc Lion Hotel. Lampeter:; the Ivy-house Hotel. Carmar~enz the Belle Vue Rotel Aberystwmithc and of Muesrs. Chinmock and Galswortby, auctioneers and land agent; 28, Regent-street, Waterloo-place, london.. JetndSaIon Sot-Wser iwy -cepat Freebolat 11g tage with two acre, end two Building Plotsoontaining five acres. ('IINN)OCK and GALSWORTRIY will SELL by %_J AUCTIONP, at the Msart, onL Monday, Augus25, at 12, a comnpact FREEHOLD COTTAGE, situate on Cbookham.common, four mailes only from Aldershott, and close to the railwvay station. hsving twoacresof pleasure oumds, stabline, he, Also two detachcdplots of Freehold Lond, cotainingfilve aces, with valuable frontag-es to the rot,and. well situate for building. Mayv be viewed, and particulars ba tthe Mart ; of Meescs,Iiseladzon and WnTasey, solicitors, Moorgate-street:c and of the auctioneers, 21, Regent-street. SoestDear Rvrreh- oamc reeol and small Part Copyhold Esae opiig 165 acres of m;ost Productive Laud, capital karn-bildngsendHomestoad, and anexcellenitnew Cottage Rei-- dence. t(IIINNOOK and GALSWORTH1Y wil SELL by 'k-JAUCTION, at the Mart, city, on Monday, Augurs 25. at 1, the valuable and compact ESTATE, chiefly Freehold, kown as Upiper Alhisi Farm, situate in the rich and noted Vae of Alham, near Ever-- crceob?, four miea from ShoptoeaMillet, andl nine miles from Frames comprising 165 a-Crs ofTver ProdUCtive pasture arabi;~ and orchard, in ja high state of cultivation. and,. having some conivenient plautationp attached. The estate lIfes iaa ring fence, is well supplied withsuwater, intersected by good roadis, and inclunos a newly-boult commodious cotto.gsresidene,farm-Iomene.brton. and eantialfarm-bauidings. Boleig of a bighly undulating and picturesque character, and cold with early s,eesiceon, it is especially deserving of notice for occupation. Pleans and particulars may bo obtained at t-he Cirown Inn, Froema George Hotel, Sheptoald~allet; at the AuctionMart; and of Messrs Chinnock andGalsworthy, 28, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. The oya Panption o Scenco and Art, Lsiceste-qmze ihthe valuable Plane, Fixtures, and Two Dwelln-oss donn,for liale.-Inporta-nt to Theatli.ajelMang anote, CHIWN0kacid GALS'ORTH have beenL fa- lbrdwt instruction firem the AMorigagees to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Mondy. Anust 25, at 12, that magnificent edifice the BOYALPANOPTICON Leicote-square, acknowledged to be as an architectural monumnent one of the chief ornamients of the metropolis. The structure i.e of the moss bsubtantia character, vast In capsacty, elegant in design and proportion, and elaborate beyond descrip tion in deooration, - The style of architecture is the Moorish of the 15th century, so rich in colour and pure in Casie. It is impossible within the lirsite of an ordinary advertisement to do justice to the dotaile of so extemisve an establishment as this-a visit; to the bufiding alone can conver an idea of its granideur and capabilities, The Panop. tioon was established by, a public company, under a Rloyal Chart-er of inoprtion asaninstitetion for the promotion and, development of ciece nd rt,andtheerbhitenof scientido objects and mechaica inentse, i coseronwith manufactures, and of wors avng orthir bjctthe extensionx of the fLne arts: alsoas muic nd ectm hll,and generally as a place for popularinsructvoentrtanmets.The structure Is admirably Adapted for hes puposs, umn Of Upwards of £80,03 having been oxpendduron he uilingand its permanent and valuable accessories Amon themanyimpotantproperties connected with the edfie comig uder heenomnatone of ple ines ay be mentioned the grnd orgn, cknwlegedtobe ne f te fnet instruments in the world. It ws costruted byEessrs HMl and Co,, and is one of the most ffwerfnlIn enistence, consisting of four manuals, each from C oCA atoada pedal organ from 0CCCto F (lonotes) ; being madoefer veycrajas well as a single performer, it is capab!e of producing all the grand effects of the mess celebrated continental organs. The wvind in supplied by six bellaws wrorked by steam power, Thereoinalso tho crystal elstern, for suba,lueoua and dving experiments; the gigantic electrical machine, the largest ever conasrumee,hvngapao1 fee in diameter, and a conductor 6 feet in length producing eniormotia effeets 13-beane power cleans engine, with dDuble boilers ; expensive hydran'fll and gas apparatus and fittings; numerous Instrmtents for t-he illustraktion of modern scientific discoveries inclnding hane coDnnected with thse mirrecope, the chromstrope,the hleiliesoope,di0r3ri, comnoramas, &e. The PenopUironhbastended mush to promote public instruction in the department of science and art. Some alterations in the building and in the character of the exhibition, which have been stigyested and approved of would more effectually earryout the original design of thin meet useful imlitution, by which its resources would be *more fully developed, and render it a secure and highly remunerative commnercialtundertaking. hneigeinad~lnmyoisetd they comprise, among others the ereting a ontre floor to thefi. gallery onea level with the magnifient organ, by which an unequalled concert biall would be obtafined, and at the same time the pre.-mnt rapabitltesof the strctumreould besecuredintact, Thisasbs, with the increasing taste for grand. mausical entertainments, of a high class, would ensure success, For a tiLeatre or opera-house the Panoptioonais admirably adapted and, easily cOnvTertible. Int addition to the masin bulldinag,uith its sllenoedgalleries, the-re are two large lectur thentres, machrinery rooms, several workmenes offices, store rooms, engineerse rOoins,Laboratories,and two dwelling-houses. Detailed part!calansplans, and mode of sale may be obiained at the Auctionl Mis city ; of St. Farbo Sladen., Esq. solicitor 14, Parliament-atreet, Westminster; Mfessrs. Young. Veuiig;~ san Jones, solicitors St. Mildred's-courf, Poultry; J'ohn Hooper, Eeq., solicitor, 8, Barldiam-terrace, SouthwarkZ; Messrs. ValIance and Valince solicitors, 20, Essex-street, Strnd; and of Me=ns Chinniock and Galsworiby, auctioneer and surveyors, 22. Regent-street, Waterloo-place, London. Re James Bailey.-To rafrd or Woollen Warebousemern, Hosiens Glovers. Laceuien, UJmbrella and Parasol Maunufacturers, andl others. .BFAILEY and SON will SELL by AUCTION, on A the premises, No. 10, Wood-street, city, onx Friday. August 5, at 12 o'clock, by orer of the Assilgneesi, all these extenLsive COUdMElCIAL'PRE IES and DWELLING-HOUSE, situate, as above, andl cont~ainingthree floors of seven rooms, wish three capital warehoegn floors, hav-ing a hack entranea in King's Arms-buildings bold direst from the city at a moderate sent. May be viewed, and parliculass and oDnditieos of sale had of H.HM Cannan, E.uq.. official assignee 18, Aldermanbury; of Messrs. Rteed, Icsncord, And Marsden, 19, F?ridaystreet; orats Bailey and Soni, 42. W o-atreet,c-y NealtHousehold Furniture,Trade Fittings and other Effects. )_AIILEY and SON wfil SELLIby AUCTION, on LL. the Premises, 10. Wood-street, city, on Friday, August S. at 22, forl, theREIIAINING HOUSEHOLD FURItITUREandEifPECiy,; comprignbedsteads and beddisn, chests of drawers mnarble-top washstnd and fittings, toilet Cable earsglass, auperior Brussels and other Icarpets, set of mahog-any chairs, extending dinin tables rswo3d chefronier, eas chains, pair of globes, shower both ktcohenma_roticles, trade utensils,and numerous effects, May beviewed on Thursday anid morning of sale, andl catalogueshad on the premises; or of Baley and coion 42, Wood-street, city. Leasehbd,fo Iesm ntrOcuain W a-t arrawy's,To-mnorrow, ugs ,a reey ydirerdoofteExecutrix of the late W.Tye,Eq,aLAEOI) DWELLING-HO'USZ situate and brigN,5,Uee tmod stret, WaterfloorAd held for an unexie em fuwrsof 50 yeas al a smal=rund rent, ltot in the cuaino h eesd and of thea auel value of £45. May bevee,adpriuare h tained of H. Lowellin, Fzq,, 22, 'Chaneyle,adfteucineer i5 A. Southampton-row, Russell-square. To Bread and ici Bakers, MRW. THOMPSON will SELL by AUCTION Ri.Lt-Garrway's, To-morrow, August 5, atI precisely, tho LEAS9 fur 31 years, thle fixtures. utensils in CrZedo and goodwil of an oldestablished, full-gpried BREAD and BISCUIT BAKER, IZ ESAverterrace, Maiden-lae, Hing's-cross. May be viewed and partIculars had of H. Leurellin, Exq., 22, Chancery-lane ; and, at the officesof the auctioneer, 55a, Sootbamapton-row, Russell-square. Gracechureh-strees.-IPortant Stock o5 English and Foerign En- Sravings,Water-ColourDrawings and llusiratel Books of the late ..CR*I. Lmbe.-By order of the Executors, .OUTHGATE and BARRETT will SELL by AUC- K7TION, on the Premises,96, Graceebwrel-street, on Mdonday, August I1L and sevnflo das at 12. the vsatuable and extenoive STOCK of ENGL SH0 =~dM! EGNEAiGRAVINGS; co mprising impreessios, so tbe finest states, of all the imoortant engravings and works of art that have been published during the last 20 years;. also leading prDductions of Woollett, Will; Farlom, Auderloni, Toschi, Louis Forster-, Felinug, Mandel, and other artists of celebrity;a P large tlWion of water-colour drawings by Clarkrson Stanfleld, Preut, ill &c. ; the Vernon Gallery, two eels, artists' proofs, comaplete; many hundr-ed gilt, maPle, andL other frames, portfolio s, he Grscechurch-street.Cele nls itrs ftelseM.1.C. OUTHGTE ad BARETTwill SELL by AUCTION on he remies96. Gracechureb-street, on Wednesday. Augus 28, he COLEOT oi f FICqUEltE5, selected with greAt judgentby he ateMr.Lambe. including a fine example by T. B. Coopr, hre lage ubjctsby J. P. Herring, sou., andI other fine spa- Meman A. WlliaS Kidd Rolfs S.S,Perc G. hambrs,son, Peel Croms Morrs Shyer,sen karlaumd Bateman Cawee (lilt ~Dalton D. car. A ColleCtion of Miscellaneous Plroperty, beoniging to a, gentlemau about to leava England, ]IjFR. GEO. ROBINSON is inesTusited to SELL, at I ithis Rooms, fit Old Bond-street, onWVednesday next, Aug. 6, at 238,00.OOvoIs. of BOOKS8which include the boeteditiens of Shakeser ~ct,Bywro.and othersi; NaiuraliWst idbrary, 0vl.tePnyCce fieiaand Magazine comnplete - Hegartix'aworks, largesie w; Don iinl one A. Roma, larg paper, with ilustrations en India paper , a large q1usstity of printe and MS. music, plctures acid prints, CLOCir, jeWellery, Russaigangn anad Apparatus, a cabinet of ebell, photoamphic anddagerrotye apamnea planoforte, a bareine and thermometr, nd geatvaretyofintereting raneiollanoous objects. May be vewedthe ay pior,and talogu0sahad. MonhlySae o Pctuesand Drawings by modern artists the origi- nalitof whihwlllbe ganteed-togpurchasers. - 1I,~R.(lEO.ROBINOluPsnext IALE twilltake rLYL paceathisRoos, 1,Old Bond-street, oa Thursday next,. inentioned j~r will-include specimenis by the trmder-~ Azmfleld -Do Floury W. H. Knight RobertsBrsmley Fisher ~~Lewis Roesitert * - Brooker Gilbert Newrenham Stuart Buchaan Haes, AE.H.A If bbe Tunker (lalderon Hooghten O'Counor Vickers Croydan Hunt ~Pealey Wiiasdo X rw ones - Bother Mybe viewed two days prior, and cstalogues had. TNo.7, Tilney-etreet, a%lm Mii-Laeol eie o J. W. ASPINWALL has been favoured with in*.LLtrustiuns from the Executers of the late Mrs. Hemkianuto SE11LbyAUOTION (unless- disposed of by prvt otat,oths Preise. o-mrro, ugut 3at2 pnctaly, hisdeiraleand (thi5ims,155,a a odeate reud rnt.The temmabe oxtendd 15 yars eyod te pesen lese panpaymet o 5.000pro- No. 7, Tilnes-treet, Park-l -Elegant niture nobChi and Console Glasses, Cabinets, aniusC -rietal nobleg Chimnpey andothervaluableChinSrvices, t volumes of Books, a few vaiuable and Interesting Oil Taintings beautiful Works in Sculptured Marblo and fine Bronzes. and tho whole Contents of bth Msnslou., R11. WM. ASPINWALL is favoured wvith instrac- M tios from the Executors of the late les ufukcn to SELTAY - AU(HTON, oatbh Premises, To-morrow, August 5 and followiuz day, at 1, the whole of the FURNITURE aid other RPFRloSf the above rsaco; * compriing tapeutry, Brusel and Turkey zole and chimney glaes, elegnt Indian anld ether caret, noble conrocnsuite of white andgold, ml,le fsg,ed cabindets drawknul,, z roserrood, A ; ~~satl, *,., 3a king, tulip, zebra wood, rosewood, mahogany, and other tables - also two Tery ilne- mosaic tables, of beautul desig, on cuarved gitfvimes, pot Iheld g- lteidde table. ocYParisian cloeks, fineenetian glasschandelier; ineandvaluWe o ainting by ancientandmodsim atess, iacladIn.,- ar Wo,0Rnele-, Dsessolavy,. Orrizonti, Guido, and per Williaims, and Arena beautiful ataues atidtboasa In' ble,'Yibsce, Thee, ceWat &. a inisn , incluing Groek Hunter,so by Gieo, rare and atiqu Oriental dinner and other chins services, winted wardrobes, and 15 uM&al: enqpents oflhbed chambers and the domeste offiew - a mall llbrary t bOolo. fay be viowed on the Saturday, and Monday Pvveedinsg and moring of sae, and cataloues eon d thopreml ; and of t n ookstreet, Groevenor-3quna N.E. The lease of tIke manionv; w be sold at 2,0;7 h on the Arst day. -The curious. choloo, adnvaluable cellart -wine wl be -cid aleo On vseuises, on Thursday, the -'ps itonr, Sa.lzo,- 17 Portse C EV. DEEKS-wil SELL by AUC<TON re. abor Po^rEreie.T-o rrow} Auogust 8,12 for 1. about 80naltroset capitar feather bedgand barsXton and other hc&-, h-Stndsandst Dt of rhea n _gwe, and6t othe dnesl COIi-twths dayp;rior to sale. Caaogues on thepromutsanjaetejJi, s&eie and esltate offloes 20 Abiqu-ste, Hd-ark,a fi On View This Dlay -Modern Furniture. reseuveet fro,u I.liecgton, M R. DEBENIdAMI wiI SEiLL' 31 -the -Ro6as Not1R. 21, Old Bond-tetiet. Pu-morrow (Tue-sdly), Augu,t 5ti A 122,withountreserve, the CONTEN'TS of a itL-roomed UOU-B: cor prsnPrenclb, Arabian. oofia anud odier beds'eade fete bed en giaR.bdtp, n te DhEbrBppnages, e dalsrtwinox u lot toredipectable. -etedede ledbs-.el tm baiLls ainounltingusl ti areig e ichnr-u-ee s fro eM a Ot iw a Iige t h oss;ado i Memls. seanou me Caghbuey-toA near rirs-iladhempt.loa sesSion M R. DEBEN I M wl ELat thne 1art, ox FORy=next. August 5P. at 12.i tO'Clute. IV FepAvtOel bri bultsi-boed uRVt E OUSES, with zogarNdest. 6, Roe Ian H5.m6, 7t nd&Dmre-terrac e,dataeul Mtatdeon-rhe ihrad, Cden-catow HihuyEmadlet to respetabletenans, h ahen sand raespedtables, nant rentas amuntig to£120ner nnumheldfurNor.a 4f i0. yard Meere.Wilon ndJaunretsolritrs,11,ew-sn;Atlto Mar hands Ingbro'illam nerarly detached.-Vicla, with lrarg garen, svea privte ansdenmpcs fureeocouptio,adcptaleR.dos ishoparoper, lo-el D~r.IEBENHEAM ha wiltrELt,oat from :helort,o WpJe t EL a h Mr,o Wednesday next, Augus ,a 2ocek nsprat lots IOt nbt lntinlSIX neit anaE twsthehfeully 2 , .an Hamilt,rotn-terae,bdvntgerous a'elyithyatedentui'lhroad,uepponem Higchbuey ldBarn,h lhettonwelt-etablishet andtrespetabu lonantU 10 perifrthvate resdener,N., Hmdehhto s-perinsoude,neof, a 6urvayd? Villa,e cin thenocgptronoms respectbl theronentoratrhelow ossnocciop MDtion 2 Teawhle producing Aeu anFeeod estimatd Rental aofuntim tonumabout71dprannk eum.d oel furlon terms,ncat Rsjodeng,t andu rents.n PGrtosaud othe premier of Gh efor Caes, oeaq propecityr, i Fteld-couart, Gras-nn MOfa W,ke 0.d Sovn.olton,i%. sGectito-r.d, Gray' bard-sBuret; at hMr nd at Mx br.imsofcq Debnbsnaoples,0,Chapid Inhc ilamo, Morgan,e deed-icly-elegant geatmi,uwel bul,adcmac freewOld otg eiecs ind msoeplaraeota DESENHAINEB hw receivecl instructions from teMr ~ageeto&SL~rtresat,bl Stton. onThaursday, August 6 a, at SIteNCS e ihag gres kane-nRZ asm Grv Vils here sitate fntlgth hih rad,In beaihyanPrlctugreaquea epour,ns =inchru OlaCurh ThYenhouedstweebilt winthe dmeet and ctnt2a and re i theoccuatio of espct,Ciabletenat,atbteres lowtrenass 0, £20 to £beac thome. Salh mabFeoldn Groungd waent ofe£9 chs,s p dannum dobledandl secured ontrbee-residencstandaonn, ande ta p1_ ofdglassesnand nmthrearofs theambe!r amenlgon,edlroeraty drawr ticlar oft cr oiner,d i, Grce Vilasati mbthea Quteenos Heradinchiey atbtee Mart;ofs Mestr mRtina nd.t Son,moicito as George-ar,o Len hrard-tet pandfr- at Mir. feanh pendi'd fziesb5. hapwD rsid cb, e eof amuable stuffe vbirds,mahLeanyIe,- costly and oeleasintaurniles, biliatrgeCime-lasschme-lsg,magsuperbt wanged Cabinetsh Stuffe Bird suebPedestal Sideboard, aedn dickman' tatlent Grnd Piano fortlae, 1 Chfw ina ls, ap e iaintings,adegahi dce ngavids cuiand msellneous r( sren olr n iclaeu ffects,Uyb vee h.dyp pet admrning tof saL, byd caalous hact on the Premises ,An SydenrDbam-hark nar theForestbil Chtation, one.TherLday, Augut 2, aesie12, wthe elgntsearlan FRoNgrdells; comprisng, rasbhelyfour 2 post, Patian tenty and reeachl bedsteereds, ruwith daas and Pemines pregious, tinowtemo uxtaastoureb,uotl ete bd,mttess land-t glasres,and 'numeurusdcambe appndaes aReHlegn drainin the windows, with massiv gil t cordnics, sta8-otve patentVU Mrandb pianofort bytickman, had speni Aebra-Wood winge F cbiet U iof valuableoouffdbrdst, mAhogany: aeo card,'s and ofsoa taLes,ur brll, SUtpaoner ch., ney.glasoo,a suebi avetpaihyau. chaie wth suffd sets oveedai Ltmeshtvelvt glazerebon and rayrug,plse fendrs and Aruigost? hall1, der-clth,istai carpets aHewOiLDpaiting andU enraings kitcheouand cyiaray utensitlts, iron gaden rollr,an ComserllrA nee arlec Lmayboueie thei_ dAfy pro cieedin rand osrhsn ofsae,sand cataloge hand o1rne thcetpremuisesnd Rsidenet, withr ntearlta ac Gre fardens, atabofinr. dMu,ia,lauor2 provicsro the.,sale bookth cnityr. Ol Hn-ras--Feeod oue led-tax redeemed.- a Mq.BURRELL will SELL bY AUCTION et arrawaV',6 on Thursday, Aug?t , a tEIta ompac HOduSE, buland-taxredeee,wt baDMck, on.fontaug gardlens,st atcommodatiogivens aturate,iComheLmerl-road, Wafezw domromth,imdaeOld aen tnread tem,aytblowed, Par ticlr bad fiues,d Worod nlbdoFrane,soli cItorsd6 Fandcn-stre;,Pa cn-het, Aldersegtto: at Garrwy n fmr.ayusohell, auctioner, ndo Mcr., W urrao, a city. ,wabol,ciy Cmoact Fheehold oud cnvearnimen ousetChurch, MR! . MURRELL will SELLT by AUCTION, at FA.LGrrawa'sIE, onThu-sday, August7, at 12, antw bric-buiTW cpital DOD WELNGCEOS, ngoarn with wahhuelard, gade, si pltsaN 0. Islyand-row,Commercy italei h A-road, nea ibo vehrcy Mayor dis viewed PartmKniculars batofan M pars. b Wood an an Fane,olcios,als. evey fw inueL o.9 i at toarrawalys andpeofabl. tMuianll at o. Well-uiltdetahed esidnce,withlongGardten Siblng, deneo,.a 111--t andWandueoexb AI, .MBELwl ELb AGUCTIOSE , ay £VL Ga-CraIONs on thursayov Auusn Tuesda,a compat 1.atdw12l givoeno, tatithesupee-er-roAd, eandaweeth immpiatel fhacn toe new park now puttfork In at hattresa Terhouse inhaproaced by lacacrtisg sweepo thclos by ionma sailngHedonasfrl term, at, an low ugaron rant,er Mayd beviped iatirlhdo e Wcoodtandtance, Gellgestort, Malcnsre,Alesaoat arwys ohu therbrem ltsa an of M55. March autoerofWabok iy rimponrtant~sv geenteel and comdosa aiynsdme,i mose,1 Get cheerful and onvnentuo013M siution, rkt) SSU.REO tolSELb SECILL bt FAIAYUREIDONCE, ngod e ea,wth arear rde ns plus-ay Aseni19 andI convnetystaeirh frx-ord a0 very sor din.t farom h froaomlKernningt, adpr, Rca 9 n10, Ho~.llsand everyofew miues Noab nettleigl epctbetnata prannuem, andth ote wlb kp vcn It ofsf h oneine lany purcdasermrqirigahosaathsdsialleihooho o ocuainW edfrln em,a o rudrns ay be vieweddil MandewsorEse, solicios 29 oea-sre;a Graa'o h r Plnt Viwand nxired ilbse of thus Prmises, shitu,atedNo W,area, Gardenstre, T Whitec3apel,3ga1 9,CoinpleGely atnd.u Sugarhos capable ofWISni a eat2 (onspe weaechk. - reti SMTIi nstructed to SIM yACIN i F-eLLs b he re-13truce Hammeinmthe bv Tomom, on usa, Augutt t12. at'_ 1, lease. It na slom thats compaco lts andewni-todamoand seub-mtied Aorabie, and otohugr bedsterad,b and caitlidsit offcerts eiof rdiyadCdressn-glardnmrtoketo Sables,maben,Futoprwr, Grocers, Bruselsne mrpostuan LAdos,fOr 0yas and Wetpxentation, tof tha cqapitaloPo- Grel;atdDw -hc~ihorise only fom hesadlArket of LandSSRS ROBeaneaINSt-3re-ntUruce, Ato SELL byWed nezLy.AuCuT ON, at their Rotairsinovt-ad,onTeay Auut9 Valuale fRe2,t he Be EICL lieAS ofo t 0hs oneas dirs street close oto Cofsvent-gfardnmaet Iand, avalabe for an rmsaesmain whoe wouldh hof ablmo ckryonus usiness frefrmte ularet dues,ra Theapremioses Thae ranreellent Adowonble-fumled shAe plngatope n aot, grocer' and Italish waurehoue with g pasonrand arhouse, beyond afrsand,excell eent r,ceomodaEon boe,wich inle off 5to adatae The leaseling duetemnbea h lse' pinoly,thrn £10 aMeadow ab vee daily from an0 to5,andt rtclasad lsuf f Mathwcs,dlaq., asolintr1, DSoutha mpton.i itinate Chancry-lanefo arnd at Mess.atiooban te oGces,en Covent-garden. ilay Ony Doae.- 2 assnpreiototheFsuoe, OfntiquXSe CinabPaerg Ware., li lo,6.Wine,linen.Bt-ooks Engavins, Chinae, Glans, andor Effebas, Glooe stersired tof ELr. by;; aucIonee, on lhmanstPreties LonTherea-termee' Hem' nernt, To-moatro, AuguL~Wocstter 5th aite, Here Thaeq,ence o thead, numberodnMfddeh lotstthmoemsadewall-mad HOUSEHOLD cssrit.IlHeEr andEPTChes; coH rsigmao.n ArbinAndoHerbeseas bEdsan bYdig A CheTsIOf, dawter drEesn-~nsdenc, toiet table&s, abl-op WaehsaenoiWds ruselz andt Augddt m.andftoe das aarp 12himeygasses mayte hogan and rheseooedn tablesrocewoof dawnd room suite cerd in taba bet,61ocave piaanof ort ineroseweodae, rpon.sewooebafor sidebo"ardd,rceffn. fanoyan e'basy candenrs,Canceall, Port, gandes Shrr wines,v h$ste ware, planus,china, glrass,o antqu chins, seerld Plotsnof boos kelerthed uatenil, a nd iscellaneou moeffePcts.uayes vewedrIthi&a da daudo gof sonltl ie, and cataloges had e thse pre mti sesgo and atM.=mes~ Leses'e ffices 83. Gces uof b-sthee, c it gasAd y. ,W uc,o In laeestnrshire-V airbl Tith Rentv Ch13arged ols of 10pr xnoum, Peptal dvomelcbsndandNext raesenugtatio8othmwerrVicralge,o yneriocklsandtare-eling-hotsd , witharm Bueitholdngsoland 10Acreuo alvrnc-day August1g,eat 12 iflirap, cmrsn bu 0 oes n Gsloose.hire outWofeseveral aris,_At,ands,.tnmns and ipremises, in th llepaiho yol,produin, £90pe sannum suject troud some dedution,ble Perp etul AseenadgetPeetaint aforesid,gtheopresetincgmentybeingindis 56th y[near.mAntsebo friwelng ahoute,withA ham an out-buildins waithy1 Mansdof mheadowy Ofndorcbtrdad aloi I-mck whichvo is witht fosturcmisfoms fromoa satio on~ MtheGoeter andmi telor Easmway OO PartJiculmi mAy e bad, 21 dasprohte h sal,oveN 5 B.SthaLrg Fq,soi caithor,6f atoriognstacvtryof uamlesWtate,udDaq,olroitor. eiribara, Ghleofeeewhircho Mr. tithuree, aucioeed 19,-trele amn.et campon at the King' Hadm Inn rich ester Ec Inn," Waorcstr; itre, Her. feed;uGeorge aeablt land, ateUn Garawaylofehouse, Luofrmseuil, valuable Orchard, havingafrontage to the tunpike road of 54 feet, in the occupiation Of Mr. George Baylis, containing abeot oneacsa most valuablo and roductive pie of Garden Ground, called- ch p,',eni's-cloce,s-ontaiiggaLbontffve amres, inthe occupationk of Hcnry esrrett ;a Cttage, Tboowouss and 31acres of most valuable and pro-. dductiegirden ground. lia Sasidhuret-takne, near Kiasnhome-elose, in the oocupctionofWillamPaine. In thebainietofHuueoeotesnd Ru~ of Churebdossa,avery valuable Fst.ate, celled Rokeg Court,consisting of about 124 acres of meadow, pauture. orebardin4, anid warab land,; superior farm-house,and well asrangedfarmhbu,ld in the oca pationOf M. Job Alsl., A valuable.'pieoe of Garden Gr ndna TT!=Td0_.1.ends Inn thoe turnpie road leading to Cheitenbarn, 223feet inlength, MtthebRekofthooottagesin the oocupations of John Davis, Samuel Beard, and Thomas lianrey. Three exceed. ingly Taluable Close of very rich Meadow Land. ontaining about 21 acres, adjoining the Huodclote-road, inathe occupation of M1r. Wfiiani Chapman. A Dwreliz-g-Honfle6 barn, yard, and. meet productive garden, having afron of 153 foottothe Hucclooote-road, in the oc. cp tonf Mrs. Mary Case, A Meauage, blacksmith's Ehop cottage,L and mnost produrtive garden, having a frontago to the Huoclecot'e-oad tiflS feet, in the OOccuption of W.-Mercett and Ji- Gregox7.-lix-Gle- rarisb of ladgworth.-A reryxich and *luabio Meadow, called MillGround, containing l,0k,acm;s and two most peoductive Peces b_ Arable laud, otitamug, about Sho ace having -an extensive. Irontage to the-Umpike road leading te -beltenlsn neam the Cross Hands LIMn in the occupa*ion of -Mrs' W. Campmn.ti Ini lbs pariah of lItpt-nS.Lonris-vurvlal Saxm meal pro-~ dueUtie psice of garden pound. con-taninkg aboak dye acres, withan extensive frontageto the turnpike-road 1e&ding+-oPainm,-ik- - - the Chequeri %n;esGoe~s ath O=cpRa6'toufJarc'L in the Pzrih of Esdsualey.-A4,ii4sble meadow %nd piee ofasa lassl, oaled Gayboue., cetlicmbn~3lass -adjoinn lwter t h e e a . inthe ollegegreensa&parshot S.Ha the,i Frceehold Ground Rent of £76 per aunum. W IrSISRs. FOSTERan-dSONq arc directedfo SEjLL .1VJL by AUCTION, at the Mart, cm Tuesday, August 19, at, la 1 1'RIiEOLD GROUND RENT of £76G per mtium, inost a l so cured on tho handsome and archsstecttmal buildings cfied the Ml-- ham Armse, situast in tho Him od,between Markam-square and Biywater-street, a liselnsed ruw nose, let on lesa,e to Mr. jobh Bowden, the.oocupine tenant5 for 76 Years from Christmas. 185 7, At a g=ud rent of £7, a &t Ithe expiration of which term the pruehaser wfll the sale, and sAY be then had at the 3Wl --Am;A 6 at and of Mesers Foster alid So, Pallkmall rm;adeMa Cambridgeshlalm-The Madiugley F-ao,hPrnp-r of 53irsbl 'Vinoent Cotton,ar.,cmrsnte entre aish of Madiagley, next of Girtno a.prleo.S, jeP hte -boundary of tiie bsuho anrdoetue~~255ae together with theaninMeioed rk ~A SSERS. FO TRadSNare directed by Sir B2L Sint Vien otnto SELL by AUCTION, at the Mrart, on Tusesday. August 19, aLt 12. in one lot. MIADINGLEY BAL1.4 four miles from C'ambridge amacetmnrafriyrcodettewilh, the nobe old angish, analeint , oWfml reodet thegniobleol timbe mand n placed in the centre of a park,w'itAr magifi-eit bner ndornamental vmter. The whole estate is bounded by a conxtinuouis fenoe; and lies unusually compact, la the whole 2,575 acres, the geter part enclosed by natural fenoeg and a sohrtlon ig open field lends, The amble iiart of the estate pro. ducee excellent crops c! euro. a fas now abundantly evidenoed In the Iuxuriaut aspect of the fields. t-he park and enclosure. are exce'len-t meadows. and Pasatures; the form-houses and home.. steads are in good condition, and esume of the tenants lheld under the familyforlongperods;there are almublir-house, widad landocottages on theostate, Madingley Church is within the park, sand it was this bisautiful spot that insired Gray when he wrtot his celebrated Elegy. The estate is of great importance le an inreatment, for a residential prperty, or for a famly inheritance and is not vwithout its political ifuence in the county of Canioridge. The lends extend oni the high road to within the limitis of the borough of Cambridge, anI Sreset isites and frontages for building; at present the wenole issnidere the plough, TXhe tithes of theparih w,jjbe included in the purchase, in effect; making the estate tithe free Thbe coDntiguity of the Uriver.. alty to Madingley, with the advantages of the beat soIe, wil alay give this estate a value beyond the 3nere rental. adge`y`Wnood`ivTsa favourite meet of the Cambridgesisre hounds and game is abundant. Particulars and plans of Clemnent Francis, Eq., Canabridge: Messrs, John and Charles Cole. 16 Easetreet, Strand; as the Mart, lindon; and of Messrs. Fester anfiSon, 54. Pall-mall. Prelimiuary.Announrement.E Tio n ousseFeeodPo perty,iritheparialheeof Chele adFula;ronBn os. inig to about £1.111 lOs.pranm he aptlPbi-oss soveraldetachedflouses edCtae,wt ad s t£0 e annum;.also about 35ce fMao n Gre rud hc may be expected to be required for bulig upssnasort time. iiESSRS. FOSTER. andI SON' are directed to ±V announce for SALE, in 'November next, at the Mart, an extensive and very valuable FREEHEOLD ESTATE, consisting of ground rents of £1.17.1 IOs. per annuni. secured on about 'oe houses in Chelswa parish, yiz. :-Bory-6treet, Fond-street. East-street, Bo-ndstreet, hsiag-strost, Rritten-street, Stewart's-rros-e. Babert-stree;, Sydney-street, Sus-ex Tillas, Su!sex-terraoe, Victoria-grove, Edthgrove, Hollywood-place Lansdown Villas, -Victoria-place, and lthusdorm-place. Iulhm-aoad. There are three public-houses on the estate, viz., the Wellington Arms, the Htope and Authior, and the Gunter Arms, with reverson to the rack rents of aboul . 4,000 a year. Also, near the, above, InC UnLham parish, Ileaufort House, and upwards of two acres of land, let on lease at £ 110 per annum.: reyeral detached houses and cottages, let at renits amounting to £1313 per abniumn-and about 38 acres of meadow laud. garden ground, town mieadow-s, tonw field,, And elsewhere inu aihmm, whicb, on Tiew, wil befounci must shortly, from theoprogress of building, be cores-ed with housea, This eat.ete will be divided in a'bout 120 lots, the 'plots let on buildingleaseszand on-whichhouses have beenb silt asilbesoldaocoirdl inc tot hoeeases. end the land unbullt on will he parcelled outto suit purchasers. 'lanus arepzreparing,andin the meantimeanyinformati:On mayhoobtainedonfMessra. Roebinsois and Tomtin,sdlicitorv,4e,Condu~tstreet. Bondl stret:andof Mesars. Foser,54il,Pall-mall. The printed partinulars and conditions wiuboissued onemonth before the sle,and full particuflars wiuibo advertised iu this paper. Tise Day.-A Pliece of Gobelin Tapestry, au old Point Lae lls- Cloth. Woollen and Linen Drapery, &o. ..,UES'RS. D)EBENHAM~, STOIRB, and SO-Nwill SPMat their Btooms, Ring-streek, Covent garden, THIlS DAY, 1,LADIES' and GENTLEILN's AJTIRE, cloths, ceasulmres, silks. eatins, and effects. A Row of fine Orieutal Pearls, Plae Jewllry, .te-Ou VIew, 1NFBSSRS. DBBENHM, STORII, and SON w Il iVLSEf4 at their Booms, King-street. Cor-ent-gar-deo, To-morror at U1, 450 lets of TRINKETS, watches, clocks, plate, plated items, end micellanies. On view. Piece Goodr, Attire a Case of choice King's -Cigars in, lots ~to suet privrate, buyers, and clear of duty. 31B"FSSRS. DEBENLHA:hL STORR, and SON WMl - tL SELL, at thelr Booms, on Wednesday, Aug. 3, at 11, nriwella. neous ByFECTS,- King-street, Covent-garden. Two Days' Saie.-.Tewellery, Waches-. Cloths, Silts. &c. MJESSRS. DEBENHATI, STORR, aind SON wil I.SELL, at their Booms, Rng-strceet,.ovent-garden. on Thursda Aug. 7, and following day, a 11, WATCHES and CLOaKS,fiensgoid chains, diamond rings and Pins. sllrer Plate, apparel, Piece goods, and sundries On view on Wednesday. Periodical Sale. 1~U.PETER BROADs next PERIODICAL ILL ALE of FREEHOLD. Copylhold, and Leasehold ESTATES, Reversions, Life Policies &o., will take place at the Martont Thursday, Aurust 14. The Particolars of ali property intended for sale must be sent on or before T-hursday. the 7t taut,, to la. Pleter Broad's ciry auction and estate agency offces, 23, Poultry. ModeaieuLame.-MguieentChandelleh4s.modern GusOCandelabra cut-las Deantrs,ha,forimmediate, and absoluete sale, the lease betndisoce oLlO.Spring-street. Hyde-pork. PETERBROA wil SELL by AVCTION tePeie,on Thursday next, at 12, the extnsive an& choie STCKsnfRADof an eminent firm5 comprsisng every do. scritio ofmode. lmps chandelieus, articles of verin in orninln,endan ssotmet o cu-glss,On view theoday prior end morangufsol. Caaloges utheremies,and at 11r,F1eter]BrOad`z Grosvenor-park, Cabewl-ad-eiaeeaeed rprtefo investment or 'ouein s oVery respectableteat,ndpo ducing a renteto £3 per annum, j' GODDARD hass received instrnctions to SELL Pb3rA.UCTION`, atthe GrosvenorArmus, Grosenor.par Cam. bus-well-road, To-morrw, August 3, at I for 5 precisaly, usflour lots, FOUlIt very sbtaalyecedand well-finished RESIDENCES-, being Noe luand 2 and 10 and U1, Grorvenor-park north, with gard-ens at the rear. lot at rents of SlO0per annum each house, term b5 Years unexird at ground rents of SO per annumn each. AlRo, five well-biuilt Dwelin-huse. oe.1,2, ,4 an 1. Cvi-stee, arnfod-tre, Wa Grb 1hatrntl smutlgt but£2 e an om SELdLo a erLo 76UCears, at agon eto the on W uann.um:stand at FreehoMld ennO ihvoefo h county.in Hilthot-street. Pec'khanrg. T bevee ypriso.Particulars maybe btdeo r hin ade soiiofr,essr. ~Cohester eourt1 Thaomrp-lneTwr-street; at the placeot sl; and at Mr. Gdard.a Ufo LClmn-ltem-etreeity., xof R. S Oi-ihsreevdnntucinnoSL thLeASAaIN.a h arndor Wednesday. Aug.ust1d3, at 12, fo],thAeffODRSDNE roem. Hathsbleste, STCK e ATCLsEnugS.d sqare, - inhounpaLz,ionf oh gCar a ss,adresp eable eant, amtareonta bofz£s, perdiannm Tands hel fr lamter of all4 yearsinetired, Partcuira mybeobtinedof r. Wugae, ol picitorg Cof elthall cour. Thogms-to-ateet;at te Mrt; fnd et;I,- Goddardseh Offices. Si, Coleman-etreeld forcity: Stock, BE xCK s and Fu re niture. byth M-ESSeutrs.ofAMm. Hwidl SeLLed to AUCbATION o tinonnte remss, splndFidavasesugdat 14 lampsoall.sha lres,pitablis,nd wEorks o art, tuTludng tHe cebatledoiia nil paintisArng o senhthai the cste of thee ommnd and EasttrDereba Preiise,gel fo lang uin-n extrad sitengrDm oere, atbe aoomrnt balso therom kixtures,acdomperisn hfcandsom exmahogany show-cs; auxend a ewr Iotaof excellent modem hourntues, and otherbusedungeffects. To be viepe ad priog-rtohesae, and catalogues hade nofw =uk eqd soiy tr 4,r Joh siaghwo ll-atveet; an fthep auctioneers,d2.iChaife-asetrct.hoebren-obars. -anum Dereham i a fist-class Hotelwand Psti g-ubyhoucs atreast coereniatio j~1ESSRS BECK an SON ar Lonsdotitnd bytheies on she Premises, on Frsdaevdstric. tA HOTEL an PObTINHOb4S ucrt 15, T 4,al tr-eatyold-stabanlfee Positve Sle.-ndern Ex cut ll.-T the Ringes Aurms,W situantei tHouehentreuof ithretw of Estupereianor otaniga aare dinn -ostler e nting troom,1 buiedom, bar,dtopco,kthnadohr offics, o:andpexcellntclas an or erle v ragooftbls cah hoss n tEr ISbeaigs, stu yarns,ngrden, an bowling-geen.o tepssesionAUtO I Xatimh elt)om, at th raena-treof rtwo donumu D ere wi Canfrs-cas -shft it-wa sTation,o bI whichdiret commheuRnicto beingAn&. otherposing-houe egntwi rotthn1mie,Te pr oopert salutfre wholad(eep so r. p ofrv land.5 tocorrepyoid. ofbinthe manor ofm Deo ham. Pinaricularand ountditinsor-ouu,a-alsomechadofMe,sfrs.tCooper pand-Sons.soicidos astaur merbeha t of th amlcuctioneers, Weaebiam and IilehmNofok andgw rns of Mesrris.hRven.irE LandBadey,2,Mr. mu.zst-b utuildngs Teple.r bn, . iigro n i Polsitv Sarpet.-nobera seo eecp iigtbla idrwiigce Houle,sehsoldchurniture lofupgericovredminmtctrO,Tw brilliate andc poeIRful-tAne Ct a re h0hooure with alihel nstiprucenents a cotlyWait-ree ofuiote, hamtdo me rAteCgIONsatthPedes utalSie board largce (lay , rich' 6 cut pil Car 1ls,wthoutrere(temso Gass d pa ,:ben It,a prinbyodrf the vu al h - Erian d EA a, M N *TOJ &. TheW borgs coannounce hoy isr glins,Catain,ctred mare nd fo a Yoksh at the Rom s, marQue, Ghn-sthest, itwo dore froml New CaGdnn-sre, clity. To-mensb- Augt. 5,5Jl112'sar. theFElieu Tby , Y o.;g CamePrssinay euln flyd Cawmasoamditeinbysae nor_.g~~ inhandscob searlveads tabl uesto e oublepondrabingets nd commrdwn coitsnlyn rid andtogetheri6nd os--m roul, .andsmehtbfyonib hitte-wia pld ateklssand statuaryamarblegtops, a uball collection ofald,able t paintng and proofI points, byl Herrwc sing,-fouyeSr B.ramee- abr,-ore twcours cuke%tpile arpes, chian a, gms, fou;rthe diingro and, library furnituare incloudestwoa costlyabl plae-lasba tiebords, a erichvBrs sesarpew igt- ats, npltftleaopodnngi tables, clinde urin,tragce, fealer, ante pof cthairmadlones,ek clotver ad in Dorocc, a; theplnticaerved fotbarfuuftteDg mwcith damas h1a,Dngings, 'ow father Cbrsd wa,twigodudple.laduvdeobepigtredwihplatcoias ceis untretdoor f firt-ates mie,anufdactrenoul andm soinger wndhatrnds,daes, cnbarpets, curtaines,a togbethmeasrthhes anecessabridlappendagesreuorsed cltin a l0iseockntladlon hal-art 3,and cbelatal ws, iosad n,wefs n twiles, R tibe A SHag a re w heea nonrs,co bowr withinsrucion son, and REtates, near the ciyOf Brstl 31]TjSRS. FARGUS will SEL by AUCTIONq, aLt A the White IOD Inn, Bristol. on Thursday, the 7s7 day of Afugst, (unlesw previou dised of by private conlract,l ti o'clock lathe afteruson. thE, valuableFREEHOLD MANOR6 advowEoa. IIrms lands, cottages and estates late the property or James Adfam Gordon, Faa,. deoezAnir, by order of his' Trustes sub)ject to inc'h omsditions as wil thenbe prodwed, andin l6lot or such others asmy he determined onat the -ume of Sale ;-ot 1. The Mansion of liab, with its Pleaaoe roounAs gardens, woods, and apyurtensanag. togethmew 'withthe hore farma, Eituase in the sevral Pseiclie of Clatiton. Poribury, and Wraxhali, nd esonitsningtogether,acoording to the tithe-ad- mUeacuessent, 20a X. r28p., The mansion fNaich is surroundodby' d hllg l plesure grounds,is sitaatec. on a ofseminence about eight milesfromthecityofBristol ootaln capitasuitesof;ooes, a:dl Suitable and cons-elent offices is in complete repair, and Sdt for the residence of afamily ofdistInction.. The aswfrom the honmeandsiea. sume gronw ds-e besutiffl b n desripion, they orerloo the. rich and fertie vae of Fortrthe confluence of the ries Ave-and_WYe 'withL thesaves-n, Ahe Bristol Channe and the Welsh Hills. Lot .All. thaVtbetheMnor or repeated Manor of Clapton, and the mine -and ro,shtses thereto, aop 1tatesgAlso the several caitalfarms, boownaS pering)aFrns Cour Farn h Farm, Wick Pains Welek Frm, smut Statierb ar, hell or Mnn , ad Clptoc, and several cttages and re alitust In the parish of claptera, serstiuosi to lot 1, ansi cosasingt$h 592m. 1r.0p. - Aiso the Avowo of thele s rise 000ea oeieeas,P5 ae M o lbe= n themo tlth ,r VD"" nwrsmj~ bATaom eoad- In IhAr lot, Lots 3 to-22, adjoinolo ad aortensu: kktaarrbe Forth Wem,lo, t sad seyon, Ia , hkxrld 11=44 fforth-Westorm, ofabout 70 Wacr, * acaE.s¶ -A Me &M* somea and *e and oW b C.DaRs, s" wi the IHul Fam, of akoot a;-es, wh Is 2cW feisoSaisl, Let Jo the X, i" ,0 3, mo4fe'maclotalwhie sasy guti 'An dgh be 10mt M|nt 1 u are-irateteractLebold Inrest!nent. TE7DWLN FOX ii direct-ed tdop Er, by;AU- TION, at the Mart. onFeoyet,AgtS.t1?b' order of the Executeor o the late 4.a Tjcit liact , at 1fo PROPERTY fOr i3 mime Bt, cicatug the 'noise ow ven 4$,, Mo_Intagu-quar_, po _1o g msoACIOa fowna resid.n'te hiar.t- peetabdity, and ledtis en aleasmat bet*rtai;eosiblsjitdor arenal of .ess1a 50per an;t)hed for a onij o, 'Verndahbildins eS Wdx,eadscy, and Saturday,,betwen ; Sand, , h ford wer onanalfixablefrsesi thh auationeer, andlsonthblY ohe ath B. EDWIN FpOX is direeted to hEL-1.TyCAyJC OlfB 1102z.atthe.Iart, ousida,uexte 'Oatr2e only obti BiLebriSLEASEEaOLD PROPERT_wttihe tOhlDCI frheeold cta fyxed suef , odmprising a onDe n. ient sn tmbllto. cusraoir,ouA preustoe, adaoinung. suitable for. a builder.-sltujats in 'MMdi-sed,I rstn. atresent Occupied. bY the more,,, eerh wil rntsne as a t(3anRtat£5 per annum;alo aoble Bilding Land, ioth adequate frontage orsix aetages, 3tO hr` Tiewed 'ud particular had ofA.NBse. ReEq., so11cizor,I l sr. thasqu' too-buildings, ttolborn; -at the 5lart, onC; the Premi.ses;, at the Grlffdcs Inr. Kingbtn; and at r. ofs, dw Co?sotfice, 41, CelesmamBD -Bank' R.XDWIN Fox is directed by the TrusteesB of JJ, T. G to SErL by, AflCTIoN.d athe rts.on d or 9 ysear uuexpi-e,d at a moderate, rentalg, with the ixture ancl 6eshnal Otghre commandng SiOithwanihrehouimuiatherceart and convenient dwellng apatments, adrantageoesly located, being oNos: 29 and ,Park-place, Mile-end-road, neLr the Red C-W upon whicb, the-trade of tobacconiat andtobaco manufacture as beye for mie [timoe sosesdully conducted. May be viewed and particularsh -d o Masne K&scad Son, solicitors, pen-cortho Fenrhurchet-eet:- af thbe Mart; andat Mr. Edwin Fosx? offices, 41l Coleman-streetr Banil Hamamerualth,of c gaen mdteel Rlesidenc the pem5es, fcnetatoroco G.J Cbatbam. EDWIN FOX hs received instructions to' , 5EtL bybAUtmON, at the M3art on Friday next, August t at12. inlots, a compaLEAcSEEiOLD PROFETi , coilorting Footsub-olttial 2ndT verYnet oerae-detached Villae. pleasantly situate in the A1bion-xoai1, Shepberft-buseb leang from the HammearaitDd Pew- r:ssanver spectively distigubled. asHyde Cottage. Vegetaia Cottage, n Portinothe, ead Sout3tear Cottage; ain well let, at rentals amoue s,Pe6ntng to £10erannum, and held dIor -a lg term,i at a low' round rentd Maybe moewder3by permisson of the teuants; atnd par. eticular had ofW.lI, solicitha Eq., soicitor,d 7 Parliamenht-iretl- at the Mart andat M. Edin ~-ooincea,4,oleman-etreet,R Lar&, 3Het-ainmbersath,Captaleas u rehold Prop7erty fo sinueetin iit 1~.DW' FX i antrcteteSELL by AUC-. ,L TICK. at thes of rtE , io~Fridnext, Ant Yaldin- KtGsu ynilt emIl gentel tE3relc of very, neat elevation, nifolm araEn c ando reCt erecion a bein 0voand v;th,e ingteuffn5 frn,c thew-od serh ontaining lmel&th oom, the na, i. alen Fto repectabse tonoffe, at rtubL7dc O Otf tRef^LOLvmLND withagmiilntgeof5feestrXte7Aftoor-greL*s-r tor3;1l0 opprainfth Prnutcerar.' ofmrh arm, it ear oss f £ A aee r buildsing,ciy of . ar, fo^-os -be Rasl,.olicitor, Fchnrch.. -oomeedoodtg ereotaedtherdn. MCybnelo,iewd,andparmth ;a-iauen street, Bank.lma-ttee Bnc Plot of, Prehel-a Grlound etHernet7, w a carTea-s,ethereom EDWIN Fgeo bi SELl by AUCTIOnga, at A 11eMart,on Fridanr uutaa 2 DUlEW oient opStDe tLe Pnt c4ndhioseo£ wit the iraeo sir rnL artedcelageeecadthOm,Myevee,en atclr a of Wt B auv ir.sEat she Ironmong at th M r A. and Chr tr. Kedwng;on offre 41d, Colentore Bank. in be aze uon "e entes ebS hVestrnent, v - " .ED J. OX(IA dii^ eLLe by AUCiON,dmi,ti e r eta gro dw the tenain And Spartuadarishof o u tto, usq, 3olc tor, - e. at th Marc; a Lnd,a lr EGdwin F1oxle fity 4,Clesneret o 'Jt. a DwIN Fox t c inTeCaiIhfHene aot teRs n,Cnebr,itecui Anothent,mi cnatueda thG iaeAgn et tfrSnte incu then ofureJBeeson.Saks" t b dtduwhose ofuitrtnthesi causch.rent, anln-a.a wholetoS7 pettatoineprm eb Lot HSn. n Three P ieces of Fre ehl BuldngLnd, s a oit f nterPee at Herne-bay. intnfoutoucKn. o lmist, asfolMessmLe AoFreehand FDdsrmon n aVeLo-trtsta ,i.G.CheoreietoHen, contrayining baume acurerftb sIa,irdI.Lt2 ant her Barnis,4,called G-reethl, Bsituatdin Hm afoesad co inn byamesuemestboys S. a pnd ofe land Both Cthese frynr ih deutinofqit reoot,curchrent,i an l Sdtax,iaountn lin the11 Wh e t sterann. Lot ay. auihreemPlots ofFreehtoldw uldn Len0. eltateathome-ayt. in the couny.o Setmernt. Lat- 1An undi.vT.. withoet of twdesa orotecorplts, ofufreehl uing Sout-od,saHuadenat Home. Beroy.Prtcupala f roadueomton of~ peab imaybe obtAined gine Londz grtsOf Freodeaud, Coopr a ndU hous dgoan, a. erusyloate-fd at Wira. bldo. MaCobeion vieGd.ayn-'ouare' u and ofnththai Ir.edwia andTy at hi fr.Fwicen Foxema oiestreet Baolendin -theet conty a taDe -lun Hoted.em-lb.clande the ifb Roe f gn,F-nerbur.d -qej7f.h ltrudiable Mr. IMrby ordemiefr om the Taiuone nheSu. a lA.ED)W`INFOXi w iecedt SELL byAACTONS'. ,.WLthoN- etaa art, onnFr day, September 1 t12, at 2.e lots, tWe oAz builthaDwelnaad orse-mourts aanaeotuste sintuate.-road, Highe'-street.- ewlreont capablettof roduceng b1tpr.annum.Also, peannue.Lgble2lo AfFreomlndiusesdenfraemfrailhop, datin,laceoutly located atIWret-. bledsn may boviewsed. and particulass badf r on thecobpremises;an Mart Mx,dwitFx' officeoxs, 1 oleman-strCoeet,man-tekB. late SIN,Hl,b ordes &rltefb the Trustees. jTLte Mrt,en ridy, eptmbe12 t 1 inthre lorts,th fonreay- buil Dwelin-houe, ostarnt~n-ageous3le sitnte.an,dheighy-streeti: A cmmoiouRecdmc,tor foruptien,upeasnlrousateRl atrnt-. ofaad aed69 n ixCotagesatBovrenlrd,pERoducing£r eanGa. Ags tat the Caste,w brerted RatYthe oafcles, 41, Colernanetret Baink,retrod ~~R, EDWI~ndFOXseistructed by theaTruteadg Set J2 t1.intoot,vlalLEEoD GROAU lTIRlt, at qutelysecredt onoi oss iut nCohri,Mrbruh Atrust 1, ank. Aeredehold a udpesnhl netetsbiut adnha-or,sc Grehth,Knt a-cuouin,flnuy;edDib-treu fo PR-tICtecSlej~0 h bie1RPETE,frsl tG ratwA' ten ody SI AgstBhtth en wl eREIYo Coramorcil-road eat, and averstoofhall,arpepntead Qecida etaihed and imported. PTECES andCAKwll SELL by,ACIO;a tatio. on hursdw. Au. 7 Cotv12tor ga,70e00 PL nC FRriday August, afKeti1 prag selyu6RcHagiOg ood sY.conditione: cold prildn meridetczirealsuperb, Odposgr,atum pupurcnY,fa buldrscush, Seslabiuar amesnllc.;teumfuttature andpros3theumusPalrequoteisgrdfloratLerlid chaombev o SacoabdEtium fooiurai,d, bandate ash-parcel3 fidsrom Mexi oEpidterptndrma vte.lnu, ado.t(er-good speviso. ayb viewed. e the morning of sale, and catalogues hed on the3 C Steviens, 1 King-jo. stetG oetgrdh s. oemn,src;o e& .adJ ikao znd ackoo sclAiout 17,202zVolumes o Bekers.uy;ado ess E1e n lLrk, is. dincry-aetdt.ELb UTO the treIon Cbthaw OmTuzay,Augn To-mor frow, Augut ek count =.ryVcm Esn aot ,0 exe oinlumeslifibooks,the collFetono severahldyas audndL selecedwithjfrotgnent;f th esetsearecomlee withO IUfew xeti ontds,mbny sofuthemon handsomelybud anlld itnf&aircd.- ortign,oalsto,f Maluple Hall aqUinga (porofist.ancesofn ph asphlen-, Randunb oun pubeatiand xpc ble viwedl th-e doayr~ecdn anody theactiupnerpDit),onoftieste, City. 'thiIcafyaeuci and Bider,tofethewit te Furniture sndRttngso h rnil j1ESSRS. BARICESandCLR WIN ll SELLbym wiloKtolt,r JohntForemise, usoaovre,rls toth ubi.eibi SaUtiOn.onT,athurs Idaro _onday. Aug.?,at 1sfoc, 7,00a PLC 12fCS 2 tons ipof Kntsheerhust. ones pthelristlyo curb stnsfl ulsiingat:'in the andiron0-mordngey honayipny,hidm at hie chabes,st and sotnf ros a barngor-osatele boas d 4Wuoo his peotero 2-3akngod.Fseni, ntlepeuseges. ab o tf dte a ro and moening Sa r i of'sale, an catloguaeshd onteapromie;w . Grahl amd, Req., Coleman-strethOfuMessr. c n ,H itat erdg3~ angodHaberiod,bsolt icit ors,17m1elawthLne,lBchombury; and f essrl. Prie anmdeClark, 4, Candoo-lndiens, Weab Chastotheara,enat-FreneghbolBurildinn snd- of Mr. A. DNa Ithe Mitr Inn Hatbds, e lioresd-, Aougusit1,a or e ot Sn h evening, FP ETYFVEecedngyelanilt-entlot-tof Fre-. J0.fet metdsial 4itseo threchtgdwby called drazals con-tiguoustof MapeHl, withina shorgmt distance ofptheiF.Ast e RaIlway:sevrwayl oneT anpdjrepec ttabedwli-oue st2crlheaLRead,8 bnitupGOsOrtILL of athexcestate,ndhUsesIn-OS tiocltarendtchin binAwnLTSondodaa mteOldeIrate houtla.ayeliviewed siun'L tilthe Cerner Prdasiteld patclars,wditplns fmayftheobazinerodfrsevemdeayspirtow the sae; at the Thlaceof a ;hpremiseshale iennsintensedghouirlfewd f a.rusanell, effort, slieierbe. Dartltordtest Wh aalton, e,sol'citor, s0.tuMikl o mbur, .ndn MDaerscaeps.sRbinsexandthan, utndersea!t. Mixgsre'sBnl, RochetxerandMr.1 Trumn,rainnkeper, Chnthm;an de ove them atiomnee,Bexlaey, Kent, th n ddtont tesp §oenet.-Yaptable Inetetli reo d Property,situate in ' lVl~satiAKERn 'WMT LiELL by AUCTI[ON t PstureLe Ash tenu, on5 pTriea fIs s ratan ,t>o = Of b;C2t OMtr dss Aui 1 in thle whiole 54a. oflj, lonUnaae Moextist"o Haof ars live other Pieos of Ma Ptu La, at , conWaning in the whole. Ahp . (wIcisthe oo. patios of yearly tenants) issittt the Oma. the tuem pifees,th vale UA&DOO of the in ~ ~ ~ itisW smashort -- veietdid%no frm th akt on fSHalesur, amre,e tA Llsehsde, Sthrmae, sa inato.Th hole of the r'oprt roa tfrehl.-wi7 tsaxet f bu 2 amrso, -which am I le Nisl - ftora etees,ofewbjhv "uuyPwards ofE 50 years at uexpired., 'hlasad ia' i4 ood fetile qutta xtr'emeY' wll watered, approacbed bw goo Ifdg sald th e Ipaochrhs5 and charg es as oderaic. PaBessrs ifsl ab ad ot tlse a&ictiousat Bayor, ns Ieitf;M l-et and mevwed4uo ;a h nieeaor -Arai,sm - hra I'lAhInn and- Of 3dward-yMe.sCEaaUem Wi-o-, and of 3 .Dlte eq,sl4tr S-1do VZNYpuog ec Opq !wMQr I ecaitr~ - sews-al drapes1. -ees -uff . t ~O~u.~tBooee'awssboms Z, B aukn-rw eg T wisiay
