-DETS. Of fever, on his pa=ge from India to Sydney, George Alexader Ear.itov;e.aged 4t. On the 3st nlt., at Bighton, Mazy, relict of Mr. Charlesa Weller, forxnerly of Heene and Worthing, in the county oa Sunees, aged 70. On the Is' ins, at Hasedow, In Mecknleburs-Schwerin, Adelaide, wfe of Otto Count Sehllpoenbacb (Chamberlain to HIM. the King of TPru-,\e and danghter cf thea. de Grenier de Fealbanque. On the 3d inst. at Hacimey-widck, Sarah, relict of the late Peter Brast, Epq., aged 86. On the 4th inst., at 10, Rensington-park-ternnce north, Charlotte AUGShest.wife of Captain P ell, 50th fiegiment, ylongest daghter of CIrrI n torde, £sq-. On the 4th ine, at 1L St, Georges-moad, Beatrix Emma, daughter of tie Hoe. Cornwallis Maude. aged 3 months. On the Ith inch, at Xlogston-upon-Hnu], deeply lamented, Mc'z George Jeft, wine menrch.at aged 46. On the 5th inst., at ClaDhwm-common, Tdenrietta Eliza, wife of the Hev. Edwd. Merriman, late of lfracombe, in the 33d year of her age. Cn the 5th lost., in her 51st year, Hery, widosw of the late Mr. Thwama Collins, of Picendilly. On the 5th Inst.. at Hamatead, Mary Ann, the beloved wife of Thnomas Willamz Gowing, BLLKON.V., Camden-town. On the 5th ites, at his residence, Itedhil near Wlington, SomnemetEhlre John Eliton, FEq.. aged 72. On the 6th Inst, 1rancis, iecond ran of Wlm. Crewell, Faq., of - Sunrex-grdmns, Hyde-park On the 6th inst., the Rev. Thomas Sweet Eceott, vicar of Gedney, of typhusfever, aged Wd. On the 8th inst. at hisresIdence, 4,Ceardeu-street, Camden-to, I;obert Johnston, jes., of the Sitel Exchange, bneis 74th year. On the 6th inst.. at 6p.m., after en illnes s of nearly twoyeairs' dnstiot,, the Itev. William Grocer, at his resIdence, 8. Cleveland-road, IEliscttc, met. 66. for 45 years minleterof the Bap-tist deesnimsijna Eediior: eC the Baptist hae ,in and Oecretiryor t.he B3ptist Irh On the 7th Ist. at Kentfsh-tmon inbher id Year, Kizabeth, relict of thstlate Waiter Rohorot, II-., Of Hampstead.
THE VoYAakzd; THE BOYAL C&A-RTE- Dr. Scoresby has ptibl h6-e followisg Ietter ina the Melbourne-Asrgws, de8cribing the- rapid pas. cage of this celebrated ship. -; - " Sir,-It may not be uninteresting or unuseful, perhs4s, notwithstanding what has alreadyappsared in the public papers of the rapid and extraordinary passage of the Royal Charter, that your zeaders ;id thb colonists generally.should learn something reapect ng- the. performanco. and capabilities of this splendid'ship from an observer on bbard; in no ,way -connected witl. commercial adventure, or otherwiso than for an important scientific purpose (deeply connected, indeed, with the action of the compass in our ships), with -theLiverpool Company, of whose enterprise and -'iews the Royal Charter cornes as an expositioi and type. ' Thelocal papers oi AMelbourie havewell anticipated much of what I mnight say, on the experinental evidence thus far -obtained of the.correctness of their viewss in respect to the auxiliary steani appliance for the rapid accomplishment of an nninterrupted pringress to pretty nearly our relative antipedes. Three s3stems of nautical appliances for progress and speed were obviously in question 'with a view to rapid and remnunerating enter-conununcation with these remote colonies. 1st. Speed in 'sailing, by 'the adoption of a clipper class ot ships, of lerge .tonnaae, and g'reat capabilities in masts, riggimg, and sails. 2d. Steansahips of full propelling powers 3d. The comnbination of a small or moderate screwv steam-power, with 1he best appliances in ship model and sails for speed and sailing, and capabilities of carryin canvas. 1'he first of these plans has bceu admirably tested and. carried out by the different lines of splendid sailing ships trading between Eogland and Au5stralia; but their various delays, by calms and light variable winds, necessarily leave more to be accomplished. The next plan, of full steamers, from the abridgement of the room for stowage, by the requiresnents for coals, together 'with the loss of time and cost of coaling by the way, could scarcely prove remunerating, nor, in the route needful' to be adopted for coaling, has it succeeled in gainiDg any adequate advantage i the lenigth of the voyage. The third plan, as adopted, and so far successfully tested in the first passage of the Royal Charter, now stands out conspiocously as the planthe practicable, and, I doubt not, fairly remunerating plan -for the conveyance of passengers, mails, and valuable, or moderately valuable, freight and property. For not only is the nomnnal 'power of engiad of this ship rmall, and its requirements for speed, &c., moderate, but the consumption of coals is, comrparatively, so tritling, that 18 or 14 tons are generally sufficient for a day's steaming, 'while the whole consumption for the recent passage has scarcely exceeded 200 tons! Yet this power of steam is capable of giving a speed of from seven to eight knots, ors if the ship had been lighter, nine knots, and actnally carried us through the mid-trade-winds' belt of calms, where often weeks are spent in helpless delays, in about tlree days! In light winds, or in making the best of a scant breeze under stay-sails, or advancing head to wind in calnLs, and, if required, in proceeding in and out of port, the auxilary steam is found to do adumirable service. And noW5theprinciple is established, no d'ubt this auxiliary steam appliance will be nmade still more effective. "'2. The performance of the Royal Charter in her progrems to this port affords, as to certain notable particulars, some strikiDg facts in inaritime history. " In 29 days from Plymouth we had passed through the troDics and trade-winds. vith their belts of variables and calms, and reached the latitude of 33 deg. S. Ins 40 days ve had msade a di6tance (notwithstanding unmsual light and short trade wiuds) of about 8,000 miles, or 200 miles a-day. In 50 days out we had made good, in the usual and best track of progress, a distance of upwards of 11,000 nmies, or more than halt thle circumference of the globe. In 12 consecu,tive days, In one part of our voyage, the Royal Charter made 3,522 miles of distance by log, or 202 miles a-day, or taking strictly the extent of longitude accomnhDislsed within the time, the distance in geographicalruiles comes out at 3,430, or 2SG asiles a-day. On four or five occasions we altered our tiie h;lf an hour from neon to noon-in other words brought the s-n on the neridian in 234 hours. On six different days we made by sailivg 800 n,iles and upwards a-day, averaguig 131 G knots, the creatatrunin onedaybsing 346 nIuiles. or in 24 hoursSo3 miles, bingat theaveraoe speed of 14 2 3 knots. Yet in these admirable perEom ances it should ba obsErved the full capabilities of tie Royal Charter werc by no means brought out, the ship being at least 2 feet too deep for the due development of her sailing qualities. Moderately loaded, as I expectshe v.il befor the return passage, and with some alteration, subsequently, for the more complete raising up of the screw when not in use, so as not to prove a retaiding drag by dipping into the surface of the wattr in heavy seas, nay convictioH is that the Royal Charter snay sail at least a knot faster, and might as well accompli;h a distance of 380 or 390 Dmiles, under like circunistances, as she has already made good 353 miles in a 24-hours' run. 3. The ' behaviour ' of the Royal Charter as a ' seaboat' indicates a model in naval architccture, I think, as nearly as possible, perfet. Not having before, indeed, sailed in"r'sip of this peculiar and ele-gant build and magnitude, which, as a class, is now einployed in traversing all the great oceans of the globe, and giving, througls the enterprise of our shipowners and the improved skill in our naval .ngineers and shiibuildees in Great Britain and America, a totally new character to coimuercial navigation, I should naturally be is,re deeply imupreesed with she magnificent qualities of the Royal Charter, individually as a ship. than had I been famiii Ar with the performance in bad weather, by persosial experience, of nmany of the splendid models in naval architecture which I have seen at Liverpool, Glasgow, andelsewhere. btill, .shalbe safe, Idoubtnot,inasserting that whbatever misy ble the superiority of action anid behaviour of the larger clipper-ships generally, in all the properties which characterize the moat perfect sea-boats, the pesformzance and behaviour of the Boyal SCharter, in the severest testis.g of these qualities, was aMagnificent. Her buoanrcy, lhveline.=s, ease of motion in the most cross and tremendons seas, and in the possession of that extraordinary quality of all but intelligent efforts, andyieldima,, like an endowment of instinct, for the avoidance of highest waves and the lofty breaking peaks of crossing seas, were as astonishing as thev were admirable, Such was her behaviour in scudding, not only before heavy gales generally, but in the hard trial of scudding before a cyclone, fur sonie hours of hurricane fury, -which we enc nntered on the 6th of April, in latitude 4Tdeg. S., longitude ''0 deg. to 91 deg. B, when it was intensely interestiu:g to look abroad and ark her action under seas, as nicasured by tn,yself two or three hours after the fiercest of the hurriesne v.was over, of the prevailing height of 30 feet, wvith numerous higher wfaves of bread extensive solid water crests or suommite of 40 to 42 feet or more, wvith Lknots and broken cre,ts, frown the crossings of 'westerly and southerly seas, some yards bigher. It wrould hardly be doing justice to my ownx feeling-s and observations if I werehere to neglect to refer to the able and seamanlike manner, combining judicious prudence with effective perseverance and laborious watchfulness, with which Captain Boyce pomformed the navigator's part under his severe testing of a new and untried ship. In ordinary gales, it may be mentioned, in the way of illustration, when we were ranning before the wind under a large spread of canvas, and, as happened on the 1st of April, with waves of 40 feat and upwards,-the shiip was so lively, steady, and dry, that most of the ladies participated in the pleasant promenade of the poop deck, and in astonished admniration of the ship's avoidance of the fearfaUlly threatening waves. On this occasion Mrs. Scoresby accompanied ine forward along the gangways and deck-huuse to the forecastle (a splendid platformii of the area of at least 190 square yardsl, and for some time viewed from there the magnificent sight of the ship's progress, as often, for some minutes together, sha vas so quiet that neither the lofty waves nor her considerable speed seemed to affect her,-without ciscomfort or the encountering of a f1ying. spray,-the whole space xvw traversed of above 300 feet in leng'h being then pesfectly dry. Ln other cases, indeed, wheni blowing very hard, and with still raore crozs and treinsoedous seas, kinots of seas cninme occasionally over the deck, in every pa-t of it, but their avoidance in any ship was impossible. " 4. In conclusion, I may add, as a subject of some interest in science and of, I trust, no small practical consequence in - conmmerce and in the passages betwL-t the antipodes of the globe, that all say theoretic views previously published in respectto the nature of iron ship's magnetism and its changes, with the practical plan for safe and accurate compass gnidance, the adoption of which I have for long time been. urging on the builders and owfners of iron ships, have received distinct nod heautifidl verifications fronm the experisnentF thus far m-ade on board of the Royal Charter. As to the first point, the matter of interest in seience, it mav not be unfitting to say, that, exRctly as I had predicted in Thses- - traeion.s of thme Maonetism of Iron Ships, printed just beforeo leaving 'England, and notified also in Mogccticel lrcstigationss, pub:ished in 1852, &c., I- hae found the changes in the gesmeral magnatisan, as tried exter-. nally, of the Royal Charter. The upper-uvorks of ships built in England and other northern countries have, consistently with theory, southern poclarity, attracting the north pole of the compass, as also the upper parts of the bulkheads, iron standards, cranes or davits, capstans, &c. - and the lower -arts of the ships, and sach bulkheads, standatds, &c., northern; but here, as I had announced my expectation, the polarities are reversed, The top plating of the ship, fromi sten to stern, has changed to northern polarity, attracting the south pole of the conmpass, in which change the upper parts of iron standards cranes, caDstans, &c., about the decks and bulwarks consistently participate. That the lower part of the ship's hull, in its external attractions has also changed, may be confidently inferred fromn magnetic principles. And so far, experimentnally, as I have already ascertained, the fact is beautifully indicated by the dimninution of the northerly attractive force, on descending ontside towards the floating level, until (in accordance also with theory and prediction) a position is found somne 16 to 18 feet downward, where the ship ceases to produce any action whatever on the comnpass needle, andl below wvhich the contrary or northern pole of the needle begins obviouciy to be attracted towards the ship's side. "As tothe second point, so imoprtant in its practicalbearing on commnerce and navigation, it may be stated, that during our passage to Audtralia such was the effectiveness of the. arrazgement I had suogested, as very well put into operation in a compass raised about 42 feet high on the mizen mast, that we never had any perplexity or difficulty, if any of the compasses were steady, in knowing the cou3ue we were actuoly steeri",, Nothing more, therefore, is necessary, I am perfectly convinced, for correct or safe conmpass guidaine in iron ships than a compass for reference duly elevated and properly anranged on a wooden miast. And suchcompass, as the experience of our recent paszsage ania great deal of heavy weatber for the latter fortnight has dembnstrated, can, by the simple method which I adopted on the voyage, be satisfactorily consulted and compared in-the hardest gales; that'is, whenever the comp;sses on deck are tolerably steady. for being steered by. - , :; , , 1, : ".1 WILLIAl SCORESBY. R Royal Char'.er, H obson's Bay, April26, 1M0."
THE Hf GHrZAD AGRIClLTA4Z L,79IETY OF SC2OTAiW.D | -NERNTESS, ArGC 5:' France" "d Englandhazre:hid: ther-,-icu ural exahibibitons; S00tland followa -with her great biennial show. It 'was meet :iatshe-should 2uike a Tigorous effort to miaintan her characftr as the paxent6f agricultural institutions, and thbeexhibitiorr *w in- the hrt stage of its progress gives good Promisothat 1i sangaine exnpertatiom will-be -reahlzed. Ths fine oldtowais gettihA. fast faled;with si3ito,1s from al parts of the ldn.Aom; the sliowyards arereceiiing their complement of impisnments ; Balls and Bouts are being planned, and the sun is just dispelling a S_otch mnis to pour a flood of golden beams on the people's gala-day. The hotels ara all engaged, private lodgings are either occupied or bespoken, accommodation is being extemporized andl already as much as half-a- snea is beiDg k fr a comfortable bed. IWhile- the impeuments ae being arranged for the first day's exhibition, we may glance at the-rise and progress of the society, premiusng a few facts connected with the early history of agriculture in Scotland. Under the feudal system Scotland had no agriculture. Patches of land were cultivated in the rudest possible manner the people lived from hand to mouth, land being to the chiefs not a source of revenue,, hut of power. Herunion nith EnglUnd introduced a new era, and whatever indigaities might have been done to her " BRed Lion," her material interests were thereby greatli subserved. In 1695 Parliament passed two statutes, which laid the fonndation of Scottish agriculture. TEe one provided for the division of commons, the other for the separation of property occupied as rirunng and rindate. Intermixel properties thus became disentangled; land was let out on lease, to be held in severalty and in contiguous portions, and occapanc- was based ox the principle thatthe soil ought to be cultivated for the benefit of society,- rent being the surplus value, under a deduction of the farmer' fit In thelnw countries agricualture irthe courssof timo became a science, and the proprietor of the lauiv was himself the first and best farmer. In 1723 the proprietors formed themselves into an association, under the title of -' The Society of Improvers in tbe Knowledge of Agriculture in Scotland," and published their transactions. 301 of the principal landholders of Scotland were menmbers oE this society, but it lasted only 2D-- years. Political troubles supervened, until OulGodei-muir, over wlhich we passed yesterday with the iron steed, saw the close of a conflict which brought Scotland to herself again. Political asperities had just beun todisa ppear,-when the Duke of Argyll and a few oths sagacious noblemen set themselves againto promote agriculture. They had in view also the encouragement of habits of industry and various occupations amorng the population of the highlands. The Highland Society of Scotland was then formed. In1787 it received a Royal charter, and in 1789 Parliament voted o,OtOl. out of the moneys paid on restitution of forfeited estates to be applied in "inquiries into the state of the highlands and islands of Scotland, and in promoting improvements by advancing agriculture, and ir introducing useful tradesand manufactures into that part of the kingdon,." A new irmpetus was given to agriculture, and wit-hin a period of 20 years .500 volumes of one sort or other on the subject were published. The Eighland Society instead of using up the Government grant, invested the money on hcrita'le seunrity, and thereby realized an annual revenue of lCOl. to 1201. Premiums were then offered for the best essays on the general management of black cattle, farms, enclosures, cereal and green crops, &a., and for the improvement of waste land. jn 1824 a veterinary college -was instituted, and subsequently a department of ana4tical chy3mistry was added to the institution. In 1S34 another charter was obtained for the society, by which its constitution was enlar-ed, under the denomination -of the Highland and Agricnatural Society of Scotland, and soon after tenant-farmers, who had nor grown to be a very important class in the agricultural community were admitted as uembers for IOs a-year. They constitted a most valuable acquisition to the society, and their admission bad also the happy effect of bringing landlord and tenant into frequent and profitable intercourse with each other. Monthly discus:4onsof agricultural subjects were established and the Trama:clions being published, the association soon pos-essed a literature which gave to it more than a Europcan reputation. The annual income of the societyhaving greatly increased front the subscriptions of members, if notfrom othler sources, a systes of agriculturl exhibitions was or,ganised. The Sc-st show was held at Edinbtrgh,where theparmanent staff of the society resided, in the year 1822. Since then 39 sunisner shows have been held, besides a number of winter exhibitions for fat stock; and so successful were they that the Rloyal Agricultural Society of England and the Royal Agricultural Society of Ireland were nrganized after the same model and with similar results, while local associations spraung up all over Scotland and in some parts of England, having the same objects to subserve., The membership of this seciety has increased to upwards of 3,000, of whom 700 are tenant-farmers. The amnount of premiums lias advanced from 7$l. in 1822, to 1,0001. in 1856, cad the entries of stock have risen in proportion, as wiiU be seen from the following table, which vwe collate at intervals of 10 years from the society's statistical returns:- Catle. Hor. Shee. Swine. 122 .. s3 - S - 1832 .. IS 1s 243 1i usl .. 595 a7 4si 53 1852 .. 313 131 GOC 5s less .. 2!S 131 493 43 At the last show of the society, he-ld at Invernessin 1846, there were 428 cattle shown; but ttlis nuLmber included fat oxen in pairs, which are now exhibited onlv at the n-inter slowv, the summer exhibitions being limited to breeding sto-k, but the entries, taking them for ali in all, are equal to those of the former sholw here, which for practical ,nc-poses was not so good as the present. Both in stock and imllplements the entries show a desire to reach the practical rather thant the theoretical in agricultural husbandry, and it is quito expected that they will coine out strongly as the leading features of the show to-morrow (Thutrsday).-
THE T3Tr.1: &PxH BErwvE ENGLAItD xD AXEwIcti.-It now really seems probable that the schcme for uniting America and Earope by imeans of the electric telegraph mnay very shortly be r6alized. We read in the 2CtlC Yor k Times of the 5th of July, that a smiall steamer, the Arctic, has left that port under the cornnmand of Lieutenant Berryman, for the purpose of taking soundings preparatory to laying the submarine cable from rNew-foundland to Valen. cia bay, on the v.western coast of hreland, It is not, perhaps, generaly knoiwn that between these two points the bed of the ocean riscs in a longlevel plateau rnnning east and wvest and of considerable width. This plateau is composed of sandand shells, and presents arernarkablylevel surface. It appears to be umdisturbed eitlher by currents or iceburgs, for shells ate found acrossits whole width that have evidently lain there formanyyears. Itseems asif markedoutbynature for the purpose for wvhich'it is now going to ba made available. It thesurveyfurnishesresultsa'ssatisfactory as are anticipated, the worl; of laying the cable will be commenced immediately on its conclusion. For this purpose two sk-amers will be employed-, bcth will proceed to the middle point between the two cotsts, each having half the cat-le on board, and froni that point will sail either way for the opposite shores, paying out tho cable as they run. Ten to 15 days, it is supposed, will be sufficient, underfavourable circumstances, for laying the cable in this way. Snch an attempt, at first sight, seems to be preposterous and impossible; but, during the last 20 or 30 years, so many things which once appeared equally so have become established and familiar facts, that we are forbidden to pronounce any enterprise impessible, or any story of scientific triumph incredible. We sincerely wish success to this telegraphic project, and shall regard that success, if attained; rather with the wonder with which we look upon anything truly magnificent and nnarvellousthan the surprise withwhich we receive the announcement of a fact totally unexpected. In this case we shall welcome the nevs at least gladly. Wiatever can bind the two continents togetber more closely than at presenttin bonds of mutual sympatby and interest-and nothing can do this more than rapid, easy, and frequent intercounrse-inust be the surest guarantee for future peace, harmoLy, and goodwill. If England and America understand the-ir own interests, and are resolved to pursue these interests in the spirit of honourable rivalry which is alone morthy of either, it is to this object that the energies of both countries will be directed. Ity hostile rivalry wo can g3in nothing, and must necessarily lose much. The natural field of exertion and activity that lies before both countrie3 is the same; it is large enough for both; and wve may there, by mutual aid, gather peaceful tritunmhs far more mnanificentand enduring than any of thoae miserable successe3 which are stained by human blood, and in which what is lost by one is by no means gained by the other. We vould have triumphs in which both should be the victorsin which both should wear the laurels and share the spoil. We would have trixumphs in which we might enjoy our own saccess without the painful consciousness that it bring1 sorrow to any other, or that our smile is founded upon anothers tear. We would make our ow-.n cause the cause of humanity, freedom, and civilization, instead of building it up amid the ruin and misery, the tears and curses, of our fellow-men. We would remember in all onr national intercourse that great rule of individual Christianity-" Do as you would be done by." We would go-on hand-in-hand w,hile each purues its own magnificent career- and, by r;aking ourselves a credit to the religion we profess and the freedom we enjoy, we would graduaDly persuade other nations nlo longer to fear our powver or envy our greatness, but to follow our example, and to enmu]ate 6ur triumphsA1enckes'cm- Guorid.ant. NwEiv Lrcn TO THE C APE.-:DAR2IOIu , August o.-1ne new auxiliary screw steamiship England, Captain Dundas, with mails for the Cape of Good Hore, Mauritius, Point de GaDe, Madras. and Calcutta, took 'her departure fromn this port at l1 o'clock this day, weather fine and clear. This ship is the first of a new line of steamships to the Cape and Calcutta, touching at the hiabritins and Poini do Galle, to sail on the 1st from London, and on the morning of the 6th of each month from Dartmouth. This ine has been -selected for the conveyance of Hei Iajesty's mails to the Cape, monthly, commencing on the Ist of August outwards and on the ast, of l?oveember ;omevards, with Dartmouth as the port of arrival and departure. This being the first occasion on owhichb a mail steamnship his eft the port of Dartmouth. a public, dinner was given onTuesday last in comrmemoration of , the event, Lto 'whicl Mr. W. S. Lindsay, ILP., the owner of this fine line of ships, was invited, together with Captiin Dandas and the officers -f-f the troops on board,of vwhichile con'eys lOOto theCape. The Ergland received slores andt ras coaledwith tlit greatest despatch, sailirg it the ti1mio appointed. - - Yesterday, at the Aicetion ' Mart, Mr. M 'h offered at publie. auction --a polior of asulrance for tl-,e suim of 2,000%., effected in 1837 in-tb lc&QfEce,on tlife of Sir John -Deoai piai"-ed 55 last bifthday, with t-.h bonuios amnouu';ing at3G31.6.'G8d. ammumal 'pelu6t G'd~t was a6ldat 7~20?. 3ora iV stminsterImprLoveJ 'eaBnt4' - 5lsi)t ,no bid eduidhbe obtain,ed. f Thiee shalsr in the- County 'ire-ollle, 10JI. paid, payingX:a disfisend ,st-41-.per share per annusol, with bonuses,sold at 110?. pt$;r oatu; audtwanthers - . . -ec a~ -2 - -
ITHR C=INAY, CGVMI,3?? TO, TM 1DITOi OF TErn. TIAES; Sir,--r. Monck-toi (in Tcie Twmrs of Monday) ia stag.gered by two unreasenable acts lately committed in- our criminal courts. Rn says, two prisoners were- -riedl for their lives,-one in London, one in YorL The- jury found a verdict of " cailty." Then the clerk of arraigns invited the prisoner to address the judge in arrest or mitigation of sentence, but the:prisoner was not allov-ed tonact orl the invitation. In each case the prisoner wished to say something, but his-mouthl was. stopped,-in London before he could spea, in York- while trying to- spsak. Mi. lionctlon requests aL solution of this outrage on com:. mon sense and feelfing. IUnfortunately, the solution is simple. The two acts of the Court were violations of the law. It is the undoubted-right of an- Engis-hman tried for his life to address the judge-in arrest or mitigation of ser,. tence after the jury have fondb him gnilty. Functionaries often play strange praks-upon their own daughilL%; ubt no English judge will, I bhink, have the hardihood to contra; diet the above assertionLbefore the world. Therefore, not to waste time in enforcingaright thatvwill neverbe seriously disputed, let me show how it has come to be-evaded. It is well worth a thinker's while to observe by what road our courts of lavw are sinking in some respects so far blow thel law itself-to note how it comes about that the seleurm permission the law accords a culprit to speakz for- his foireitedl life has been so trifled with and degradea by the Court that an intelligent bystander now mistakes it for a mockery of the psisoner,-a heartless, idiotic jest at a moribund's expense, and a lie done at a sacred moenent uponx sacred ground. Thus, Sir, it is :-A court of law contains the shrewdest men in the country, but mised with them, unfortnnatelyl are ome or two, human creatures whom several causes comi bine to degrade below the intellectual level of an ass or at dog. These miere machines might do little harm if the. others watched and checlked them at every step; bht they do not. By a fatal error some of the most important parts of every judicial proCfeding are blindly intrusted to these degaded intelligences. Cuckoo No. 1 is allowed to admni, nister the oatn to the witnesses. Result-the most important part of the proceedings, the basis of them all, isdone as if it were the least important. Compare the law herewith its lunworthymcL-thpiece. The law fightsagainst pexjury,-fraraes asolemn oath, every syllable a sledge, hammer; that great sentence, the noblest the most beautiful,' the mcst awful that exmsts in our language (out of Hoist Writ), does it come to t,he witness's ear noble, beaatiful, or awful It arrives there a bit of sordid, unmeaning sing. song, so thatno man or woman -who has not seen those great words on paper has everreally received them into the mind. But to degrade the oath into sing-song is to manke perjurysmooth and easy. Thus cuckoo No. 1 evades the law while pretending to execute it and our case has arisen out of a similar corruption. The law commands the crier to invite the guilty masc to speak in arrest or mitigation of sentence; up rises for that purpose cuckoo No. 2, owvn brother to him that sang the oath. The law intended its organ to look at the culprit,-to speak lo biim, not front Mim, ar&F honestly invite him to address the judge. Instead of this, cuokoo 2 has for years been singing theze words out vaguely to nobody in particular, like a songeter ia the depthse of a forest. These words, thus divested of all meanin_ and application by irrational and mechanical delivery, are thus becoming a lie of the court instead of a truth of the-lawvr Not one prisoner in O0 hears them; not one in a hundred gathers from the warbler who utters them that they are addressed-to-him-still la2s that the sacred law is- now i' viting him to speck for a human life. Hence, that inevitable result -which is ncw so stranpl-y misinter' preted, the fact that of late prisoners have veryr seldom offered a word in arrest or mitigation of' sentence. How should they -when the Court has discouraged them!? Set tthis accident is net desuetndd. The blame lies not with the prisoners, but wit ithose ministers of the law, wvho, in the very act of delivering. the law, have so tampered wite its meaning, so degraded anlstifed aid pervortcd'its-voice, that they have defranded alike the prisoner and-the awYflBnt the right renmains intact; it is a sacred and -importan&: right-a right conferred by a vise law, thatL foresaw the contingency of a prisousr beimg glilty, bu ttexcusable in. various degrees. Wo haal1l seen the right, exercised, sS have our fathers and. svEshall our children.;and toipreveut' owls and cuckoos from prevailing againsctit, I-now nsser,; the right publicly on bhlalf of ll prisoers-to be hereafte. tried-in Eogland. If any man can contr3adct me let himn do-it in the-lightof day, like a man, her and now, or for, ever aftar hold hispeace. I am, S&. -sour obedientservant. C:3AALES. RDA.D \fEgdalen Collvgo. Word, Ausgll.u-p;,
Z0ONDOV, .BRIDAY. AUGUST S. 1:0. It iz, no doubt, a proof of the alvance of the Turkish empire that in this old couititutional dounb7y the doings of Turlish Miuisters, theLr rise, their intrigues, and- fall, have an interest to at least a section of politicians. - It is true we have in tinuis past looked with even more attention on MIadrid, Vienna, and Berlin. and have lived to see those capitals pass out of the category of centrea of free political. action, but the fact that an Oriental monarchy should act over again all that we have been accustomed to associate with eivilized States governed by constitutional sovereigns and administered by orators and so-called philosophers is enough to awaken curiosity, much as recent events may persuade us to caution and to the repression of undue hopes. The Turkish Ministry is now, it appears, divided into two hostile camps, and tae secession of a part may be daily expected. As the English public knows notLing of the individuals, and reads their names with only perhaps a vague notion of having seenthem before in the multitudinous correspondence of the last two years, we need enterinto no details. It is sufficient to say that the present advisers of the SruTAN are a body of men united by no fixed policy, distrusting one another, divided by petty jealousie and private interests, and, though counting in their number one or-two men of ability, yet powerless to inaugurate 'a national policy, or even to sustain their independence against the various influences which press on them. We cannot be surprised to learn what direction the policy of the PoRTE is taking after the events of the last two years. It is said, and -we believe truly, that 'Turkey, so long accustomed to look on Russia and Austria as the chief Powers of the globe, is now guided almost wholly by the advice of France. Now, of this we cannot feel any mere national jealousy. If there be one thing which the lapse;s of centuries has proved, it is tha-t English laws, habits, and institutions ire adopted immediately only by communities of the English race. Even in America, where a people whhom we are apt to call figuratively our children, our brothers, or our cousins are established, it is wonderful to note the progress of continental ideas and usages. We cannot, therefore, wonder that the Eastern races, whether Mussulman or Christian, receiving their education chiefly by means of the French language, and seeing among them a large and civilized commumity who have emigrated from France or the coumtries under French influence, should look upon our allies as the representatives of European civilization and culture. We, who have in the remotest parts of the globe colonies growing up to the estate of nations-we, who look on the Levant, its people and its trade, as having only a secondary importance, can feel little mortification at learning that the nation which for so many centuries has proclaimed its peculiar interest in the East has at last won,_ in opposition to a barbarous empire, the status and influence which it has so long desired. There is reason to believe that the genius of the French people, so cosmopolitan and universal, can better impart to these half-instructed races the k-nowledge which is necessary than we who work and legislate and preach and write for ourselves and those who understand us, caring little for imitation, or even appreciation, abroad. We may therefore point out merely as an historical fact ihe progress which French ideas are making in the Turkish metropolis. That the EMPEROR has sent to the East an Ambassador of great ability, who finds no one of intellectual calibre sufficient to cope with him, is only consistent with what we have observed during a three years- alliance. Englishmen, who are by this time philosophical enough, must bear with the intelligence that the genius and energy of the French people have full play through the superiority of Al. THoOVEr,nz, who, though little more than a year in the country, has found means to attach to himself the greater part of the mien who bear a part in the government of the country. It is evident that where the representatives of one Power confine themselves to advice, often given in no gentle tone, while the other not only preaches reform, but kindly and court3ously shows the manner of commencing it, the latter will soon win way over the first. Now, this is, it seems, exactly what the French are doing. The Ottoman Pashas are no very highminded statesmen, but in their case honesty is necessary for atime as a policy, if not as a principle. They know that no Government can hold its ground unless it undertakes some of the reforms which Western statesmen promised as a means of inducing their respective nations to engage in war. As these changes are not likely for a time to extend further than the capital, little national feeling will be aroused, and even to politicians anxious only for their own ease it may seem as well to acquiesce in all that the Western Powers demand. Hence they have lent a wiDling ear to the practical suggestions of the French Embassy. For years the police of Constantinople has been a subject of complaint. In the works of travellers, long before the NIxsc;EUoF rmssion was heard of, the atrocities committed at Pera and Galata were dwelt upon, with, perhaps, the usual exaggeration. Lately, the French established their owvn police in the European quarter, and now that they are about to leave the country they bequeath their method and organization to their allies. A detailed statement of their system is laid before the PoRTr, and thoroughly explained. Specimen Gendarmes, fully accoutred, are sent before the Council; a " detective" makes known the peculiar mysteries of his craft; and the consequence is that a police is formed thoroughly after the French plan, and will, no doubt, prove most effective. The streets of Pera have long been an abomination in the eyes of Eulropeans, and for years it has been debated how the various nationalities of the inhabitants could be combined into one municipality for the purpose of paving. The French treat the thing practically. They send a body of soldiers, whho pul up the fanged andmurderous stones of the main street, and lay down a proper footpath. But a more important matter is the raising of revenue. Hitherto taxation has fallen with scandalous injustice on the poor and unfriended, and the natural consequence has been that the returns are small, and the money collected with difficulty. Now France is playing the part of Chancellor of' the Exchequer to the embarrassed State. Some French emptoyis of the Treasury are called in, who extemporize an " octroi," a tax on trades, a system of checks and cotunter-checks, furnish the bewildered Pashas with clear instructions, and now a scheme of taxation is inaugurated whcll may possibly be extended over the whole empire, and form the groundwork of future Turkish nnauce. These incidents show sufficiently the changes vlich the late war has induced. The Turkish capital may be taken as a sample of the other cities of fthe East. At Smyrna and Alexandria, no less than at Constantinople, the energy and organizing genius of our allies areatwork,producing,webelieve, a better system of administration, the benefits of which wiLl not be lost on the world. We may7I regret that this nation is not more immediately influencing the countries for which we have' fought, but the march of English civilization, if slow, is sure. We still believe that these regions -will receive their full development from British enterprise, although many important dependencies in both hemispheres have a prior claim upon iis. There is no reason to regret I that while Canada, India, and Australia are being advanced by the efforts of England, another ciil- ized nation is regenerating tle East and awaakening its people from tho sleep of ages. The event will form a striking pmpage in the history of man- ldnd, and we may loo'k with interest to its final. reau1t.
Among the many considerations which make an Englishnqan proud of his country there is hardly one which can so justly excite his patriotic satisfaction as the contemplation of its vast, numerous, and richly-endowed charities. Much of that whichx the Chutrch or the State has collectively done in other countries, the voluntary benevolence of individuals has done in this ; -or, to express more correctly T-oth the mode and the extent of our charities, the traamnitted bounties of the Church and the munificent endowments of great corporations cOntinue to receive important accessions from the prompt and generous contributions of modern liberality. It is this spontaneity of action which distinguishes our social, as it distinguishes our legislative proceedings. We do not wait for the instigation of t'ne Government or the dictation of a central bureau. Tne individual eye sees, the individual hand indicates, the social malady. Individual charity finds the remedy. If the experiment sacceed, Parliament and Government follow in the wake, often after an interval of years. But it rarelv, very rarely, happens that in England any great scheme of comprehensive benevolence is initiated by the Government, which is only too happy to await the results of private enterprise and private experience. Prsaons, schooLs, national education, ow,e tneir extension and improvement much mjore to the zeal of some energetic individuals than to the. foresigh't or policy of the Executive; and every important change in the machinery of our domestic isUtitutions will probably emanate from those benevolent sad patriotic persons who abound armong the more opulent portions of our country gentlemen, country clergymen, and retired merchants. One of the newest and most important movements to which an impulse has been given is that commemorated in our columns to-day as having been celebrated by a meeting at Winchester. In that ancient city were assembled, under the auspices of the Bishop and the SPrAxx of the House of Commons, an influential body of gentlemen interested in the support of the Reformatory School for the county of Hants established at Eling. The occasion was one which aptly exemplfied the powerful influence of private association in England. Without such agency a bill such as that wnich sanctions the institution of Reformatories would fall fruitless to the ground. It also exemplifies the kindly interest taken by the more affluent members of society in the cure of those social evils which beset their humbler and poorer brethren. To be sure, this is politic as well as charitable; but the policy is far-seeing, for abstract nature is less likely to convoke a ulimber of wealthy gentlemen than the impulse of disinterested benevolence, and for this virtue we may well give credit to those who attended the meeting at Winchester, and for this we may hope that their efforts will obtain a corresponding result. But this success will be difficult of attainment. To reform young criminals is, indeed, far less difficult than to reform those who have grown old in crime. We confess that, after a careful perusal of all the statistics and consideration of all the argruments on the subject, we are by no means sanguine that any form of discipline will whitewash the practised burglar, dexterous " smasher," or accomplished pickpocket into a moral and reformed character. We feel convinced that it will not do so on that grand and comprehensive scale which alone would warrant the extension of an experiment intended, not for the purposes of special proselytism, but of public safety. The habits, alliances, and confidences of the majority of the men themselvea are against the success of such a plan; the prejudices, feelings, and interests of a large portion of the community are equally against it. And we fear that the ultimate result of a system analogous to ticket-of-leave liberations would be to deluge the country with the outscourings of adult crime, varnished with the specious coating of hypocrisy. But with boys it is different. Of a large number it would be both irreligious and unnatural to predicate that they are inicapable of reformation. The greater number of them have neither the ties of habit and association nor the prejudices of employers and labourers to contend with, as adult criminals have. Stil it must be remembered that there are many shades of difference between boy criminals. Here one has been led into guilt by accident and imperfect perception of right and wrong-there by vicious example, or want of authority at home-there by the arts of some designing companion; another has been seduced by the pro nptings of pinchinghunger, cold, and destitution; another has been reared in an atmosphere of vice, misery, and vulgar profligacy-has heard nothing but the ribaldry, seen nothing but the ruffianism, of the most hardened and remorseless villains, and has taken to some of the lighter branches of felony almost as soon as he could walk alone. Some have been left parentless and friendless; others trained by friends and parents to crime as a profession. It is obvious that these differences in cbaracter and antecedent circumstances demand great differences in the mode of treating them. Whatever nmay be the excellence of any institution, it cannot bear up against the immense disadvantages of a heterogeneous community composed of boys who exemplify every degree of moral taint, from the most precocious inclination for crime to the most involuntary admission of temptation. You could not submit them all to the same rules, mould them by the same discipline, or propose the same rewards and punishments. Nay, you couald not, with safety, admit them all into the same school-room, dormitory, or playground; where you intend to implant and foster habits of reflection, resolution, self-respect, and self-control, all you-r plans would be neutralized by the infinitesimal element of a few stunted -wickedlooking mannikins from the slums. The weak in mind would be jeered, the weak in body would ,be beaten, cut of their docility- by such-malignant influences; and it might be that you wouldhave to regret-that your large outlay of time, toil, money, and sympathy had produced no other fruit than to infect a multitude of boys, accidentally rather than essentially wicked, with the viruls of the most depraved members of your establishments. This is the one paramount mischief which is to be especially dreaded. Instead of reforming, you may even corrupt the mass of your young crininals. The answer made to this objection-viz., that the public opinion of the majority will leaven the whole,' will, -we fear, be practically inapplicable. This is true of the House of Commons, of a public school, of a midshipman's berth. In these places, the tone of the best modulates the general conduct of the society. But it must be recollected that in these societies even the -worst members retain the sense of rig,ht and wrong, the feeling of shame, and a fear of public opi-sion. With them, then, there is no dlanger of the worst corrupting the best-still less of the worst infecting the wh'ole of the community. An appeal to the public judgment and iight feeling of the whole body is a certain resource for the most' diffident and tie most nervous. It ia otherwise ii a congress of young malefactors. lnere the worst have lost all shame and all conscience, except some strange anomalous punctilios which only develope theruselves on the commission of a crimne. They exult Ln tonmenting the scruples of others, and disclaiming all scruples for themselves. Acknowledging no moral law and revering no moral compunctions, they.carry the infection of their evil principles among their schoolfellows and playmates. It is this that makes the Reformatory principle -but for this, so excellent and praiseworthydifficult of universal adoption. If it were possible for magistrates, or for the pareats under the direction of the commiitting magistrates, to make a selection such as would segregate, not only those boys who had been engaged ill the Worst crimes, but also those whose antecedent life had associated them vwith the worst criminals, from other boys of better general habits and dispositions, then we should enteran the -highest hopes of success for Reformatory Schools. But until this can be fully done ve are inclined to cherish doubts, *which are increased when we remember how the few very bad convicts coloured the general character of the convict settlements in Australia, and which are not removed byrecollecting the brilliant display of disciplined courage on the part of the Mettray pupils during the recent inundation in France.
The " Third Report from the Select Committee" of the House of Commons " on the Ecclesiastical " Commission," &c., contains, among other notice-able matter, one resolution which appears to require from us a note of warning ;-we refer to the f7fth resolution, which we give lower down in the column. It is commonly supposed in this country that the incomes of Archbishops and Bishops are fixed by act of Parliament; and so they are; but in what way are they :fxed, and. what is the mode in which the act of Parliament carries out its own intention ? It is now more than 20 years since episcopal incomes were mtade fixed oneas; but the mode in wdhich the fudng was arranged and allowed to be arranged by the act was shown by the case of the see of Durbain. It appeared that the Ecclesiastical Commission, leaving all the estates of the see in the Bishop's hands, could and did malke a bargain with lhm to receive so much per aninim, naming such a sum as they thought upon a rough guess would leave the Bishop as his residuum the Parliamaentary fixed income, and no more. This, -then, was ivhat was meant by the Bishop of Duia?xr having a fixed income, and how very loose a sense it was appeared in the result, 'when the result came to the public knowledge, and it turned out that the BishLcp had been enjoying for nearly the whole oE his bishopric several thousands a-year more than what his nominal-and Parliarmentary income amointed to. The same result in kind was shown in the case of the late Bishop of SALTSSURY. Nor can we impute dishonesty to these Bishops. It would seem that the acc of Parliament allowed itself to be carried out in this way,-i. e., by arrangemenfts of this hind made from time to time by the Ecclesiastical Commission with Bishops; and, if the act allowed itself to be carried out in this -way, the act, rather than the individual, was res]?onsilble for the result. The truth is, there was ambiguity and inconsistency in the foimdation of the legislative measore, the intention being to fix the income, but the executive set up by the act for fixing it being airmed with a discretionarypDwer to set the income loose again. From the legislation of twenty years ago we come to the comparatively recent act of the 13th and 14th VicronA, which takes this subject in hand. The first thing, then, we observe in this act is that it professes to make for the first time (as if nothing whatever hAd been done before it) the incomes of Bishops fixed,-an arrangement which it enforces on all Bishops consecrated after 1848. But, letting this pass, the executive which it sets up for carrying out this step is exactly the same that we have seen at work in the caso of the Bishops of DuRaasu and S&usnunv. It enables the Ecclesiastical Conmmissioners " so to regulate, " from time to time, the amounts, times, modes, "and conditiomns of payments to be made to or by "the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, as the "case mnay be, by or to any Archbishop or "Bishop, as to secure to every such Archbishop or "Bishop the annual income naamed for him in the "same or any other act nowr in force, and no "owre." Here is implied the estate in the hands of the Bishop, and an annu:A sum to be paid to the Commissioners by the Bishop out of the estate, if it exceeds the Parliamentary income, and received from the Commissioners if it fals short of it; but the sum to be paid by the Bishop in case of excess is left to the Conunission to determine, and the estimate of tLe Commission may be zach as to leave the Bishop a residuum considerably greater than his :Parliamentary fixed income. Now, fromthe act of 13th and 14th VICOrIA we come to the resolution of the Select Committee of the House of Commons to which we have referred:- "That it is desirable that laacled estates sufficient to afford a clear statutory income of each Bishop should bs ecured to each see, that the mauagement of such estate should be in the Bishop, but that the Ecclesiastical Comraissioners should provide for a period ical inspection of such landed estates, in order to the maintenance thereof, by and atthe expense of the Bishop, in proper repair and condition; that any difference of opiniDn between any Bishop and the Ecclesiastical Commissioneis, as to repairs and the condition of such estates, or as to the outlay from time to time required thereon, should be decided by arbitration." This resolution, it is evident, keeps up the old loose sense of fixed income as applied to Bishops which pervades all preceding legislation. The fixed income of the Bishop is to be secured -how 9 Not by anual payment from the Ecclesiastical Commnission, but by the possession of a landed estate of a certain audne, of which the rent is as near, we presume, to the Parliamentary income as the Commission can guess. And it would appear from the provision for insuring proper repairs on the estate, which are to be made at the expense of the Bishop, that the latter is to enjoy the whole of the rent of this estate, taking the proper outlay with it; for if the Bishop were to receive literaly a feied inCDme out of the land, anc pay all the sest over to the Commission, it -would be absurd and unfair ta charge him with the outlay upon the land and the expenses of repairs. Such a charge wouldi be a simple diminution of his guaranteed incomne. The resolution then supposes the Bishop tD enjoy the rental of the estate, which is, as we have said, taking the expression "fixed income" in a very loosei sense. S;uch is the sense and mode, then, in which the "fixed income" of the episcopacy is calTied out. And, now, whlat is the explanation of this somewhat awkwardc state of affairs? This arrangement does not, we believe, proceed from any wvish to cheat the Iegislatuire in a pecaniary way. It is choscn in order to avoid maiking the Bishops stipendiaries on the Ecclesiastical Commission. A Bislhop is to have a fixed income according to act of Parliamenit-thait is one thing to be lookecl to ; but he is not to be a stipendiay on the Ecclesiastical Commission-that is another point to bo ?ept in view. This mixed airangement is an attempt to combine these tyr objects, ancl this amkward anid confused machinery is al contrived in order that the Bishop's income may answer the demanls of Parliament withoui; interfering with the Bishop's position as the lord of the soil$ and a proprietary as distinguished fromv a stipendiary. f Now, giving all credit to the motives of those who would wish to save the Bis'ops from a stipeu- diarypoaition, iemust, atthe same time, warn them of the danger which is incarred by this kind of arrangement. It is obviously not strictly veracious to give out to the world at large that the Bishops have fixed incomes, . -while their incomes are not really fixed ; and we must say that xomnething like a deception has been. practised upon the nation on this point. The whole E:nglish public has been told, and has thouight for the lxat 20 years or more, that they were living in a reign of fixed incomes. -That was the national underatanding when the Ecclesiastical Commission commenced its reign. But it turns out that this never has been, and is not now, strictly true. We cannot help thinking that a definite plan, on the one side or the other, would be preferable to thiis very awkward and mixed arrangement which haa been going on, and, which has led -to such scandals. If it is thought better that the Bishops should not be stipendiaries on the Ecclesiastical Commision, tien let them have lanlded estates, and derive their income thence, but do not in that case talk about fixed incomes. If, on the other hand, the principle of "fixed incomes " prevails, then we see no alternative but that of a stipendiary position. The principle of fixed incomes ought not to be professed unless it is strictly andhonestly. carried out; and, if it is strictly carried out, it must end in those incomes being paid out of the funds of the Ecclesiastical Comission. II is absurd to give a man whose income is llxed-i. e. whose income is the same whatever a certain estate brings in-the char-ge and management and professed proprietorship of that estate. He has no interest in improing it, and therefore he is not the proper person to have the control. The principle o' "fixed incomes" thus produced by a logical process the "Episcopal and caplta" lar Estates Bill," the object of which was to transfer all the lands of the Bishops and Chapters to the Ecclesiastical Commission. We observe that the Select Committee has recommended the withdrawal of this bill, and thus checked the natural development of the principle of fixed incomes. The Select Committee throws us back upon the confused state of things of the last twenty years. But, with every respect for the motives which have led to this decision, we must still confess ourselves distrustfl of an arrangement not founded on any tenable basis, ani naturally productive of misunderstandings and scandals.
DYCE SOMBRE. TO THE tIDTOB OF THE TMlIES. Sir,-I have perased with painful interest the proceedinns in the Dyce Sombre case before the Privy Council, and. aithorygh wel aw are of the license granted to counsel, I had still to learn the estent to which tois could be carried, and that to gain the cause tho client's character might be held ap in the most damaging light by one's own counsel, it being not a littWe remarkablo that, as duing Mr. Dyce Sombre's life the abuse of co:nsel was directed agast his wie, after the grave had closed upon him the same abuse was hesped npon his memory, reversing the old adage of 'De mortnis nihil nisi bonmn." It is because I feel that the late Dyce Sombre's character has been most unjustly traduced that I now come forward. Trusting and believing youronly object asapublicjournalist was to state the matter fairly, I, as one of his oldest friends, sh3al endeavourto put the matter in a proper lir,ht. I knew Mr. Dyce Sombre for many years is Yndia, livinE in the same family with him, and enjoying his entire confidence; so much so that he made over to me a power of attorney for the sole mnanagement of his property when leaving Indis, appointed me a trustee for the settlements made by him on his two sisters, placing his will in my hands before leaving India, and naming me as one of the executors to that will, and subseq,uently appointing me a trustee of his marieage settlement. That confidence he continued to repose in me till tbese insane delusions got possession of his mind, and which unfortunately were fostered by designing people for their own selfib. ends, add which interference put it entirely out of the power of his friends to have him subjected to proper treatment, which might have led to his recovery, and which, had he been a poor man, there would have been no object in preventin"; and the feelings of his friends would have been spared tie misery of the repeated public investigations which have taklen place, and which were as prejudicial to him as painful to them. How far, as stated by his counsel, he was devoid of natural affection the folloNving extract from a letter to me, dated Calcutta, FebruaryS8,1838, will help to show (he sailed for England February 17, 1838). This letter is in evidence on the proceedings in the Prerogative Courtt "M3y dear Drevet,-Pray take care of those ;cor girls (his two sisters); they have no advisers or guardas an they knowv so httle of the w orld. I have chosen wonu to be iny reprsentative, for I have confidence in your frendship, and I ow you to be a conscientious man. I have no ene else to depend on; both Colonel Skinner and AL-jor Sleeman (the late Sir Williarn Sleeman) are excellent men, but they are not near, so I have only you to depend upon, and I havc made you guardian of those innocent beings. They have no father or mother to lool to ; they are both dear in every sense of the word, soyou must be to them what I vwoud have beenif I W'as present. . . .~~~~~ "IlVoxC Soo3enx." This is prior to the time of the insane delusion that one of those two sisters so dear to him was no siser of his. The following extract from an affidavit made by me on the 24th of June, 1844, in the Court of Chancery, wrill show my opinion of Yir. Dyce Sombre's character previously to these damaging statements by his counsel, or rather the counsel employed to prove his sanity after death:- "This deponent saith that the said D. 0. Dyes Sombre's natural abilities were very good, although not much caltivated, and he was master of thelEnglish, Persian, and Hin. dostaunee languages, was much used to and very careful ancd methodical in business, and this deponent saith that the said D. 0. Dyce Sombre was by no means guarrelsome, or ready to take offence, and his disp6siWon was mild and liberal; and this deponent saith he never observed any signs of strong,, credulos, or superstitioas feelig in the said ID. 0. Dyce Sombre. 'This deponent saith, in or about the month of August (1840) the said D. 0. Dyce Sombre introduced this deno. nent to Lord St. Vincent and his daughter, and this deponent saith that ona the said 'Visreulmt St. Vincent conferring with deponent on the subject of the said intendad marriage, he, the deponent, gave it as his opinion, as he then from his previous knowledge of the said D. 0. Dyce Sombre had every reason to expect, that sach marriage vas likely to Promote the happmess of the said D. 0. Dyce Sombre and of his intended wife." I may here state (being a trustee to the marriage settlement) that Mr Dyce Sombre had a con-siderable fortune of her own, which has since been much increased from her own family. The following is an extract from Sir J. Dodson's judgment :-- " Dr. Drever, inhis evidence as a witness, says 'his disposition seemed tobe very gentle, mild, and forgiving. I never sawh im losohis temper. I have seen him underprovocion not disposedtotake offence,andhewasunassuming thogir-freWuently appearing and acting as the head of the estbsheunt."'t Mr- Dys Soinbress firstintroduction to English society took place under the auspices of Lord Combermere rnd the late Lord Shrewibury, frequensly stapping at their country residences, &c. There are duobtless many now residtnt in England who could testify tohis most generous conduct on numerous occa- ouns, and the many kind and liberal acts of the late Begum Sombre are too well known for me to remark on them; but I may just state that two or three years before her death she made over to different religious bodies and public charities the aim of 75,0001. sterling, anda this at the time when Dyce Sombre -was in sole management of her affairs and in possession of her will, by which he inberited herproperty; so he had onily to have said the word and the money would have remained in her treasuiry. audbecome his property at. ber death. So much for selfishness andillibertlity. That his educationwas defective no one was more nerfectl waro of than he himself, or more trnly regretted it, *nd endeavoured with the aid of masters in some -meaure to remedy the defect, and, but forhis unfortunate malady, this would in a great measure have been realized, as hia abilities were naturally very good, and which I thhink his conisciousness of his deficiency and his anxiety to remedy it gofar to prove. I - ' roe ngnd asso 'ho2itbefore.bebicameso severdy afflicted that Imay With truth say he was scarcely known at all antil ho was in- that state, 6nd now all the acts of an insane mar.x a considered to havi been done by him bhea of soundmind, It is generally allowed th%t it is easier to bear adver.ity than prosperity, and hoir' far Dyes Sombre's inoeriting so lrgo a fortune at the early age he did was to his advantagee wiiot take upon JnvseUf to say; but I will venture to iffirutbat if the characters of {he many younlg-menl of fortiie abouti town were probed in the wray in which poor Dce. Sombre'sisaz been they muight nlot come out bettierfrom such anordeaL. - - Iaut. Sr. vouz obedient s ervnF TffOMAS VRnPR M.D. OGiental Club, Hanover-squm, Aug. 2. - -
SECO.ND - EDITIO-. THE TImE&OPFluA Fnidayj horni.- EXPREl:SS FROM PARIS. 0: The following is the letter of our Parim correspon. &et, dated yeiterday (Thitrday), 6 p.m I- I - The irregularities of Russia in carrying out herpart of the Treayb of Paris have hitherto iattraed in France little of- the public attention or of neiwapaper notice, but .I hear that the tovernment he621 to occupy itself concerning them. The Russians mnantain, up to the last accounts, their right to the Isle of Serpents. As regards the progress of affairs and 'what haa really occurred on the Bessarabiin boundary and at arsa, we are rather in the dark. FrDm the former ouarter no further intelligence has reached 'us, anue Kars is such an out-of-the-wa-y place thlat, now that the-war has been over long enough for nevs)aper correspondents and roving British officers to have left its vicinity, we obtain butscrapa of information on which no great reliance carLbe placed. 'he arrival of large additions to the Russianl foroes aresdy there has been spoken of and seems generally credited; and it has been said, within the last few days, that the Russians were reconstracting portions of the fortifications vnich they had destroyed. This last item of news is untrua, as it wax improbable; 'whatever has beer overthrown remains so., and is liely so to continue, at leamt until .such time as the Turks., restored to the possession of their frontier fortress, may busy themselves in repairing WuBcovit,e ravages. At the present mioment the infractions of the Treaty of Palis, of which Russia is alleged (to all appearance wit]i good grounds) to have been guilty, appeartVj n:e to constitute rather an interesting and even. important questionl, but as yet our data respecting ing thiem are scanty, and diplomacy syeer, to have 1aken scar ely anystps in the matter. A few days will probably 'bs-ow maore light upon the subject. It is ceruainly to be regretted that the ,le of Serpents should have been, to all appearance, enti-elyoverlookedatftheConferences. The importance of its situation might have obtained it a word o mention. Its ococpation by Russia will be found, however, quite inconsistent with the spirit of the treaty. Meanwhilo,we learn to-day that the British navalforcesin theEasternwatershavereceivedorders to rendezvous in the Blackl Sea. It is to be hoped that the Western Powers, Franceas well as Eng. land, will show themselves very decided in the matter ia disDute. Russia seems disposed to make but a ishabby return for the handsome manner in which she has been treated. We coatinue entirely without news of interest from Spaia. There is an increasing belief here that. there dill be a change in the Spanish Embassy, but uo certain information has been received on the subject. Generals Serrano and Prim are the two favoorites for the important post. Should Senor Olozaga be removed, I believe there iz little doubt that Serrauo will replace him. The O'Donnell Cabinet stillwithholds its progranune. It is not true that, as has been reported, ML de PersiORny was at Teplitz at the same time am the three German sovereigns. He has been only at Carlsbad and Dresden. CountWalewski arrived here last night, in excellent healtb, and Mf. Baroche leaves today for Vichy. B:aron Riibner, now in Italy, will go to Palermo, and probably to Naples, but he is not charged with any official mission, nor, as far as is inown, has his ionrney any political object. It would not be surprising if he had private instractions to offer, under certaia circurmstances, non-official advice to the, Neapolitan Government, or at any rate to stimulate General Martini in the carrying out of the instractions he has recently received from Vien'a to u-ge Kin Ferdinand to a modification of his present system. It has been reported here that M. Brenier was about to leave Naples, on account or on the pretext of il-health, and this occurring nearly simultaneously with the departure of Sir William Temple, would have had considerable nolitical significance. But Sir W. Temple, it is well known, is really ill, and' 1. Brenier remains at his post. Marshal Pelissier,who, it has been said, was to be Duke of Sebastopol or of Malakoff,is not to haveany name annexed to his title, the _Emperor having, it is said, an objection to titles derived from.places in foreign countries, but will be simply Dul-e Pelissier. I have juist heard that he arrived here at 3 o'clock 'this afternoon, and has taken up his quarters at the Ifinistry of War. E[e was not expected till tomorrow, and consequently the Generals -who were to have gone to receive him were not assembled. A P'aris letter in the Cou,rrier du& Bavre, in speaking of the title just bestowed on Marshal Pelissier, says:- n The ilew Dlake will nok it is said, have any other qualificitionithsn that of 'Duke Pelissier,' and will consequently sagn himself 'Marshal Dti-e Pelissier.' Thi, mode has, besides, its precedents, as, without going farther back, it is well known that Loais XV.L and Louis Philippa created dukes per se, as for instance Dake Pasocier and Duke lDecazes." The American Cormmodore Breeze has left Gibraltar -with the Uhnited States frigate Congress, for Spe.zzia. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received.- "BERIIN', AUG. 6. " Accounts reached this city yesterday mornng that the vessels cf the English squadron still in the East hadl rocaived orders to concentrate thenmselves i's the Black Sea, in order to watch over the execution of Art. 20 of the treaty of peace, 'which still remain unexecuted, in consequence of the nonres'tit tion of KEars and 'he occupation of the ILae of Serpents by the Russians. The same account adds thllt Russia having made conc-ssions on the above points, the English Admiral has now received a counterorder, and that the affair 'as being arrangea.- r'caDRg a,ano. 6. " Gerienads he agnwd Garcia have been named Grans Crosses of Spanish military orders. "Generals Zapatero, hfarchessi, Armaro, Mcrohon, and ,antihan are promoted to the rank of Lieutenant. Genera.r. st Thrne incendiaries have been executed at Rioseco. " The celebration of the marriage of the Infanta Amalia withPrince Adslbert of Bava-ia is fixed for thelGthinst. "General Ros de Olano hmxres:uml&the gene re.la tionof tihe infantry," The .irerunal ec 7a if'eurtJie sass- The Exmperor will arrive on Friday evening at Lurevie. Oa the following morning Hlis Majesbty will review the troops of that garrison, and then leave for Paris, pans. iag through Nancy without stopping." A. Cucmeil of Ministers assembled yesterday at the residen e of the Minister of Justice. The aznmy of Paris, under the orders of MLfarshalMagnan, divided into four divisions of infantry ancd one of cava'lry, is at presert composed of four battaliorun of foot chawseurs, 10 regiments of infantry oi the line, siS regiments of cavalry, and. three ba1;teries of artlllery. lhe .feswage5 de e yGfdne gives th6 follong explanation of the late viait, of Prinhce Louis Lucien Bonaparte,b to Bi-cay " The lrniloc came to reside for some time in the French Spand asih oue rovinet inorderto oollect on the spot doenment; anl information 'lhich he stood in need of t complet1 irw important wor s which he is about to pxbliil,j and which are rel monumenj xised in honor of thlBa 3 people, 'hoee-languae ancl history the P3rinoe has io0&studied. Prinoe Luclai is aAolt to commnence on hi *eturu : to Paris the pxblication of the G p of St. Iatthenr in a i the Basqnc dinaects, and after that, a mip of the countries- in ' hich t;he Ba3que langw.ei3 still spoken The Prince esTry dY Iaisbis at hial table, at Si. Jean doii- repassentali6es of the nunerneres dislects of that lingnige imr Spain andin Franc . On xbre than oae o ccasion it h 1~, happened tbis - the glets, ; of thspe aing que
SPAIN. Otur accounts from Madrid are of the 3d inst. The terms granted to the insurgents at Saragossa -"were not yet known at Madrid. It appears, however, that General Duke delivered passports for France to all those who applied for them. The siege train, which reached Guadalajara on the 31st ult., had been ordered back, and was expected at Madrid on the 3d. The battalion of Chasseurs forming its escort had already returned. The troops maxching upon Saragossa had been ordered to ret-ece their steps, and those who joined in the pronunciamento had been sent to the Basque FProvinces and lNavarre, where they are to be reorganized. The greatest number of the officers had abandoned them when they revolted. General Dulce, w hose health had not improved, was to remain at Saragossa only the time necessary to reestablish order in the city. His successor was not yet known. Ternel, Huesca, Alcaniz, and Barbastro were tranquil, and obeyed the Queen's Government. The Gazette containsthe following, dated Granada, -30th ult.:- "The National Guard having been dissolved by a bando of the Captain-General of the 23d, their disarmament was effected without the least opposition. The greatest number of the men even surrendered them with pleasure. The owners of fire-arms, side-arms, ammunition, not speciauy authorized to retain them, were enjoined to deliver them to the military commander. The city enjoyed the most perfect tranquillity. The new Governor Antonio Manoilia was 'installed in his post, and zealously engaged restoring order and tranquillity." The 6azette also publishes a despatch from Malaga, of the 30th nutimo, stating that the National -Guard had been quietly disarmed, and that the provincial deputation was to be renewed. A despatch from the Captain-General of Catalonia, dated 29th ult., mentioned that the number of victims of the insurrection buried down to that day in the general ceme'tery and in that of the hospital -amounted to 279. Columns of troops were still acouring the mountains, and a few companies of infantry had been embarked in the Santa Isabel steamer for Villanueva, where parties of rebels had ahovwn themselves. The Espana states that when General Espartero heard of the submission of Saragossa he demanded a passport for Logrono. He also applied for an audience of the Queen to take Her Majesty's orders, -and was to leave on the 4th or 5th. The Spanish Government is, it appears, preparing an admiinistrative programme, which will shortly be -carried into execution- The country is now divided into 12 captaincies-general, and 45 intendences, which take the name of their chief town. Among the refumis in contemplation is, it is said, the creation of 90 sub-intendances, which will correspond to the sub-prefectures in France, and the object of which will be to introduce into the most distant parts of the kingdom the energetic action of authority. I The successor of M. Luzuriaga, as Minister of -Justice, wvas not yet appointed. General Jose MacCrohon, Under Secretary of the War Departmnent, lad been named, Inspector-Generl of the Civic Guard; and General L-eopold de -Gregoria replaced him as UnderSecretary of the Var Department. All the persons arLested during the lzst three days had been liberated, with the exception only of ilessrs. Nlerelo and Goiculia, who are to be tied ,by court-martial.
ITALY. (FRO.d OUR OWN VOBREMNDENT.) TURIN, AUG 4. The noews received here to-day from the Legations, -though aplarenftly trilling in itself, is really such as gives prulise of eventz of the highest importance, mot only for that division of the country, but for the whole of Italy. It is stated that the lIlunicioal Comucil of Ravenna has followed the example of that of Bologna and voted an address to the Pope, praying for the removal of the Austrian occupation, and it is added that many others, if not all, of tlle municipalities of the large towns in those provinces are likely to adopt similar resolutions. At Ravenna the propcsition for an address was first mooted in the Council by Count Ippolyto Raspoti, am old .nan of 89 years of age, who has never been a poli-tical cLaracter, and wvho is r.eld in the greatest re-' zpnt. by all his counitrymen; he wa3 warrmlY seoaded by Cotunt 4Gamba and Doctor Fusconi, and two or three others, and opposed by the Alayor or ' Gonfaloniere,' Signor Facehinetti; but on the question being put to the vote,. after some discussion, Signor Facchinetti was left nearly alone in his opposition, and the ad.dress was catrried therefore almost by unanimity. You see here, then, some of th'e first fraits of that independence and open speaking inaugurated by Count Marsigli in the Mfunicipal Council of Bologa,i but to appreciate fully the moral courage necessary for such a line of conduct it must be recollected that both Bologna and Ravenna, are in a state of. siege, and therefore of course subject to the arbitrary Govermment of an Austrian officer. Moreover, it must be borne in mnind that the members of the Municipal Counc'ls were all nominated by Cardinal Antonelli on the return of the Pope from Gaeta in 1849, in violation of. the Papal decree wbich vested the right of election, in the burgesses, and his Eminence natually selected his nominees from those classes which would have most to fear from any popular ferment-from the rich andthe noblein hopes of finding them readier instruments wherewith to carry out his own retrograde policy.. The happiest omen derived from this movement, therefore, is, that the upper classes are now coming forward in their proper position as the legitimate champions of the people against the unjust despotism of the Crown. Hitherto it has alwvays been a reproach to the Italian aristocracy that it has never known how, or never had the energy, to assume its natural place, and direct the vague clamour of the masses to some safe and definite and practical object, and hence it is that it seems impossible to estimate too highly the present system of calm but firm remonstrance with the Government on the enormity of its conduct in conztantly submiiting the country to fore'gn occupation. Such a system, if persevered in, cannot but have great effect even on the Court of Rome, and at all events it cannot fail to convince the rest of Europe that Count Cavour truly represent ed the feelings of the people of theLegations in his meneorandum to the Paris Congress. As yet the Roman Government has not voucnsafed any direct answer to the Bologna address, but the practical reply to that document may be found in the fact that the Government has postponed as long as possible the assembling of other municipal counciLs. An inquiry has been instituted by the Sardinian Government in Turin and Genoa as to the causes of the late outbreak on the Modenese frontier, and I believe it is intended to publish a summary of the evidence collected on the subiect, in order that the world may learn rightly from whom such revolutionary movements really spring. At present each party is busy in repudiating the paternity of that abortion through their organs of the press, and Mazzini's paper continues boldly to assert that it was the doi3g of France, England, and Sardinia combined, and if that be the case, it certainly doe, them no credit in any way, for a more vwretched, contemptible, silly exhibition, has seidom been witnessed in the annals of insurrection. It is more.than probable that theMazzinian partyhas powerfil allies, who are ready to joini in this accusation if occasion serves, but who hold back for the prezent to watch the tide of events. Austria perseveres in her habitual policy towards Italy as far as she can. Reinforcement continue to be poured into Piacenza, and it is said that even some of the churches there have been occupied by the troops from want of barrack accomniodation. Baron Hhibner is believed to be charged with an encouraging (and of course secret) message to the Sovereigns of Rome and Naples, telling them they have nothing to fear from the WVestern Powvers, as it is impossible the Governments of France and England can agree on any line of policy with regard to Italy, and therefore it behoves Italian Sovereigns to resist all their re- monstiances. AUSTR[A. A letter from Vienna, of the 3d instant, in the DeutschIacnd, says.- "Wve learn from good authority that General Count Giulay, who is now here, has been ordered to probeed to Mouza, to announce to Field-Marshal Count Radetsky that the Emperor inxtends to visit the Lombardo-Venetian kingdom with the Empress in the course of next month. It is probable that their Majesties wviU set out about the latter end of tle rmonth, at wbich period the Field-Marshal will have assembled the greater part of the army of Italy at Verona, and encamped them there. The tour of inspection whicl Baron de Bach, the Minister of the Interior, has just made in the Lombardo-Venetian provinces, is doubtless conneted with this visit of the Emperor." RUSSIA. A letterffrom St. Petersburg of the 29th ult., in the Presse of Brussels, says:- " The Grand Duke Constantine, whose zeal and activity in everything connected with the navy is indefatigable, has decided, with the approbation of the Emperor, that all the vessels comprising the Baltic fleet shall, at the end of the present season, be fitted with steam engines and screws on the newest and best system. Between the opening of the present season and the end of May last three frigates, four cor-ettes, and 12 gunboats and bomb vessels have already been fitted wvith engines, and are ready for sea ; and it is expected that before the winter two line-of-battle ships and four more frigates and corvettes wiill also be similarly provided. The Grand Dulke contiuues to make frequent exc:r. sions in a steamer from Cronstadt in the Gulf of Finland. The naval yards at Sweaborg and the arsenals are to be considerably enlaTged this year, and the number of workmen employed has been already much increased." A letter from Wasaw, of the 1st inst., in the Cotopae Gazette, says- " Dissaissals still continue among the Government -PloYos. Complaints having been made against the superior chief of the police in this city, General Gortschakoff immediately ordered an investigation to be instituted. A political refugee, named Olsjemsad, -who had gob up a conspiracy in London against the Russian Go-ernment, and who had afterwards come to Hamburg on bnsiness.was arrested, and given up to the Russian authorities, has iust been tried for political offences. Some persons state that he bas been already sent to Siberia, but that account needs con. firmation."
AMIERICA. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPTL) SOUTHA?PTOI, FRIDAY MOINIXG. The Uhnited States mailXsteamship Fulton is just telegraphed off Hurst Castle, -with the mails, and dates rom. New York to the 26th ult. Her mails are expected to reach Southampton about noon.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR. OWN COERiSPONDENbT.) [The foUlowing appeared in our second edition of yes. Cerdav !-l.I BERLiN, At 0. 5. As the Danish Government has brought under the cognizance of tbe Cabinets of England, France, Russic- and Sweden the complaints and. remonstrances that were lately addressed- to it by the German Powers, it may be agreeable to your readers to know what forms the subject-matter of the grievance. According to what I can learn of the matter fronm various sources, the immediate subject and cause of the complaint is a resolution passed in the Rigsraad at Copenhagen, (the legislative body for the whole monarchy,) decreeing the sale of the land, as Crown domains, from which a portion of the fortress of Rendsburg has been rased. This resolution, and the form in wlhich it was passed, seem to have given rise to two complaints, viz., 1, that the constitutional rights of the Duchies (according to which this matter of the fortress and the domains belonged to the jurisdiction of their own Estates) have been violated by the law passed in October last, the effect of which was to transfer to the jurisdiction of the Imperial Council a variety of subjects, which expressly and by treaty were reserved for the special jurisdiction of the provincial Estattes of the Duchies, as matters which most intimately concerned them. Tho other complaint is2, that the resolution above alluded to assumes and states the land to,be situate in Schleswig, although the regulation of the frontier between the two Duchies has been matter of doubt and discussion ever since 1851, and the propoBals then made by Denmark are still under deliberation and unsettled by the German Bund. It is evident that no very grievous complaint can be made out of the second point, for if the German Bund has already taken fire years without coming to any conclusion on the suibject of fthe frontier it mav also take fifty, and the Danish Government would therefore be, forthe most part, justified in assuming at once a settlement of the point agreeable to its own views. But the matter of. the violation of the constitutional rights of the Duchies, which practically has deprived Germany of everything but a naked claim to include Holstein in the enumeration of the federal territories, is of more consequence to Germany and to Enrope at large. That the sale of the domains in question, and many other measures administered of late by Denmark to the Duchies, have been violations of their constitutional rights, will be evident to any one who may even be restricted to Danish State papers for his means of information, these Danish despatches to the German Courts having repeatedly and distinctly defined those rig,hts, which have also formed the subject of treaties between them; but then it happens that the different charters which were oti-oy?s to them in the middle of 1854, and the reorganization of the ldkigdom of Denmark under the form of a constitution for the entire monarclhy, promulgated July 26, 1854, altered all the attributes both of the provincial Estates of the Duchies and of the Danish Landthing and Volksthing by thecreation of the 31igsraad or Imperial Coruncil of the entire Danish MIonarchy; and to any one assumning,. as the Danes do, that these latter charters are perfectly valid and indispltable it might not be difficult to show that all the measures so complained of are strictly in conformity with the charters and programme of the entire nionarchy promulgated in 1854. The real point at issue is, then, whetherthe Crown of Denmark was competent to octroyer to such of its dependencies as belong to the German Confederation (Holstein and Lauenberg) charters vwhich deprive them of the rights secured to them by repeated. .eaties between Demnark and Germany, and to confer on the Danish Rigsraad attributes which, as regards the Duchies, belonged only to their provincial Estates. This I believe to be a correct statement of the question now at issue between Denmark and the German Powers. As the Danish Government has made communications on this subject to the other Governments of Europe, on the mistaken supposition that the German Powers had already communicated to them the subject matter of their remonstrances, it seems premature to conclude that it intends to make the six Powers who were parties to the London protocol of 1852 umpires in the matter. RUSSIA. The following letter from St. Petersburg, of the 30th ult., appears in the Constitutionnel:- " M. Baudin, Charge d'Affaires in Russia, with the Marquises de Saivas and de Piennes, has been received by the Emperor at the Winter Palace, and at Peterhoff by the Empress. Among the numerous foreigners seen hereof late tlere is one whose appearance has produced a certain sensation-I allude to Sir Charles Napier. Various causes are assigned for his visit, and, curiously enough, that which is most absurd is the most generally credited, namely that Sir Charles has come here to win a wager which it is declared he had formerly made, that he would breakfast at Cronstadt and dine at St. Petersburg on the same day. It is further said, that as these two pleasing operations have been effected by him between sunrise and sunset, he has won his bet. What I can, however, inform you of with certainty-is,thatthe Emperor despatched an invitation to him by an aide-de-camp, offering him a suite of rooms in one of the Crown Palaces. A last detachment of French prisoners, composed of seven or eight men, has embarked for France. These brave fellows speak highly of the attention and care taken of them by the Russians. I saw them during their passage through this city, and they met every attention from both Prench and Russians. The Emperor presented. each mnm with a gratuity. The arrival of the Seine with the baggage, of Count de Morny has excited muich attention. It is considered almost certain that the coronation will be postponed for a week or so. This is attributed in part tothe prolonged residence of the Empress Dowager atthe baths, and also tothe intensityof the cholera at Moscow. The latter reason does not appear well foiunded, for a compsomise of 10 days with the terrible scourge would be attended with no great resuIt. Prince Esterhazy, who is to represent the Emperor of Auastria at the coronation, arrived here yesterday. Ee has brought a historiograiher with him, who is to draw up a faithful account of the proceedings at tnat solemnity."
BRIXSIUM.-Tho reception given to King Leopold and the Royal family of Belgium at Namur was nxeat enthu. Eiastic. The Royal family arrived on Sunday' forenoon, and, after having listened to an address delivered by the burgomaster, drove through the town escorted by a guard of honorr. A grand banquet wfas given to Es Majesty by the provincial council, and was followed by a brilliant bali On Monday the Royal party visited several charitable institutions, and were present at a grand morning concert. They left the town at 5 o'clocl in the afternoon. : RURAL FETE IN Am or ThE GREAT IVESTEMIT RAILWYAY WIDOMVS' AND OhRPILstS' FUND.-This fete took place on Wednesday, at the seat of Earl Rathurst, OsMey-park, Cirencester, his lordsbip on the occasion kindly granting the comnmittee the use of the park for tLe purpose. A iiolnster train left Paddington station at S a.m.. which was also placed for the use- of the committee by the Great XVFstern Railway Compnany, and proceededto Oakley park. The band of the couipany; under the superintendence of Mr. John Day, delighted the company wvith their miusic on the m-ute, and atlieading tley R re joint d by the Royal lBuff'k Mlitia band. The day was splendid, and the f6te high ly successful, the company returniug home well satified withl tho day's pleasure. We trust that t'he funds were beneSited thereby.
BRrfGA,SSOCXATIONFoRTHEADV4ANGZME!xL 1F ,. - OFSENE. i - - _ CJIELTININ M, Auosu 7. Tlle first gener;al aiembly of the samulers was held in tha Great Hall of Stedies at Cheltenhlm College, at 8 'clck last evenung, wheO atout 8DD persons were present. The chair was tAken bj tile Die of Argyll, and among,thoce present werer Dr. Daubeney, tholreeident elect; Earl Decie, Lord Wrottesley, Lord Stanley, Mr. I. Holland, ALP., Mr. Hadield. rIP., Mr. Tite, 3LP., Sir L. J. Murchison, Colo. nol Sir IL C. Rawlinason, the Master of the Hiat, Generad Sir GeorgO Pollock, Pzofessor Sedgwick, Sir W. Snow Har. ris, Professor Piillip;. &o. Tho Dalchess of Argyll ad a great number of ladies were also present. The Duke of ARdYcLc , on taking the chair, observed that a very light and simple duty devolved upon him-that of resigning his seat to one far better eatitled to fill it. He could say with sincerity that ho would long cherish with feelings of grateful pride the recollection of the honoar which the British Association had done him by electing him their President at the Glasgow meeting. It would be presumptuous in him to Sly one word about the distinguaied gentleman who was to follow him in the presidential chair. He would sxy, however, that when the association was not so high in the public fUvour as at present, and when its mem . bers were ridiculed as peripatetic philosophers, Dr. Dan- beny was one of the meu of name and mark in the scientific world, who came forward to give it a helping hand. The noble DUkO then resigned his seat to the new president, -who delivered his inaugural address This morning the brebiniess of the sections commenced at 1_1 o'clock, as follows:-- SECTION A-MATHE vuTJ AIO AND Ps icAL syE\cp. P Rev. R.Walker, F.R.S., presided in this section, and the folowing papers were rita:- PxofensorPowell.-On Meteors. Professor Stokes.-Report on formation of catalogue of philosophical memoirs. Professor Henaessey.--On Ixothermal lines. Wildman Whitehouse.-On an instrument for determuining the value of intermittent or alternating electric -curr ents for telegraphic purposes. J. Nasmyth.-On the formn of lightning. Professor Piarsi Sm th.-On the constancy of zolar radiation. ProfessoiStevely.-A new methodof treingthedotnne of paralleines. . SECrIoN B.-CHYsaCAL SCIENCE. lr. B. C. Brodie, F.1X.S., presided, and the papers read were as follows:- .L W. Peason, Maiiehester.-On the Compounds of Chromiuim and Bismuith. John Horsley, Cheltenans.-On the Conversion of Tannin into Galic Acid. Dr. Au"nstus Voelckser.-On the Corrosive Action of Smoke on building Stones. Dr. Gladstone, F.MS.--Notes on litroglycerine. SECTION C.-GEOLOGY. President.-Professor >L C. Ramsay, F.IS. The papers read were by- Professor Owen, F.RM.-On a Fossil Mammal (Strcog. snathus oolihiew) from the Stonesfield Slate. Professor Owen, F.R.S.-On the Dichodon cuspideaus from the Upper Eocene of the Isle of Wight and Hordwell, Hants. Professor Owen, F.RsS.-Additional Evidence of the Fossil Musk-ox (Bubalcs .3s6chatus) from the Wiltshire Drift. T. Wright, MLD., F.R.S.E.-On the Stratigraphical Distribution of the Oolitic Echinodermata. Professor Harkness, F.PlS.-On the Lignites of the Giant's Causeway and the Isle of Mull. H. C. Sorby,F.G.S.-OntheMagnesian Limestonehaving I een produced by the metamorphism oi an ordinary calcareous deposit. SECTON D.-ZOOLOGY A.ND BOTANY, INCLIIDLNG PHY- SIOLOGY. Mr. Thomas Bell, F.B.S., presided, and papers wore read by James Samuelson.-Ezperiments and observations on the development of infusorial animalcules. Dr. Wiliasms.-Continuation of Report on the British Annelides. ,Robert McAndrew.-Report on the PAsysical Conditions affecting the Distribntion of the Molusca in the North-East Atlantic and neighbouring Seas. Professor James Buckmamn-Notes on Experiments in the Botanical-garden of the Royal Agricultural College Professor Henfrey.-On the Development of the Embryo of Flowering Plants. SECTION E-GEOGRAP^Y A.ND ETZIrs LOGY. Colonel Sir 1H. C. Rawlinson,F.R.S., presided, and papers were resdby E. Vivian, F.G.S.-The firsttraces of human artinrKent's Cavern, Torquay, especially fint knives and arrow heads beneath the stalagmitic dloor. James 1Nasmyth, C.B.-*On the plastic origin of the cuneiform character and its relation to our own alphabet. SECTION F.-ECOXOnrCC SCIENCE AND) STATISTICS. LordSTA_N EY presided in this section, and, upon taking the chair at 11 o@clock, addressed the mem bers as follows - I believe it wil be my duty to open the proceedings of this seetion by a few words relative to the purpose of our meeting, and I must begin by observing that tho remarks which follow were prepared befor^ the passing of that resolution yesterday, which has enlargeed the scope of our daties, so as to include, in addition to satistics, properly so called, eco nomic, science in gneraL. It is needless in this pre. sence to define at any length the nature or the objeet of statistieat science, the axiom on which that science is based may be stated thus-that the aws by which nature is governed, and more especially thoss -aws which operate on the moral and physical condition of the human race, are constant, and are in all cases best discoverable; in some cases only discernable by the investiga+ion and comparison of phenomena extending over a very large number of individual influences. In dealing with the individual human being eve-ything is unceitainty; in dealing with man in; the aggregate results may be calculated with the precision and aecuracy of a mathematical problem To take a familiar instance-the length of a single life can never be known beforehand, but by tho accurate keeping of returns the aggregate length of 10,000 or 100,000 lives is easily asee2tained; this aggregate length the Conditions of life being generally the same, approximates to a constant quantity, however often the experinient be repeated, and from that quantity thus obtained we deduce an average, which, as the experience of every insurance office shows, is near enough to thetruth for ordinarypurposes of calcuation. Accidental diversities, whether of internal constitution or Of external circumstances, tend to neutralize one another; their influence diminishes as the area of investigation increases/ until, if that area be sufficiently extended, we are justified in disregarding them altogether, and admitting as approximately, if not as absolutely true the general inference to which our successive trials point. I will not lead you into those strange and startling conclusions to which Quetelch has come when comparing some oi the averages obtained with one another, and rmpresenting them in mathematical form, he finds in the laws thus discovered a close resemblance to, perhaps, an acttual identity, with those which operate in physics-as, for in5tance, when he lays it down that the obstacles which oppose the increase of population, act in a manner exactly the same as dnes the resistance of the medium in which a body moves to the motion of that body. Wide as is the field of thought which such a suggestion opens, it must probably be for many years premature to enter st; the laws as yet made known to us by statistical research aro too few toallow of generalization relative to their mutual interconnexion. Enough to cite the dictum of Quetelet, confrmatory of what has been said above. " All observation tends to confirm 'he truth of this propwotion, that that which concerns the human race collectively is of the order of physical facts; the greater the number of individuals, the more completely does the will of individuals disappear ; and, allow the series of general facts which depend upon the causes by which society exists and is preserved to predominate, we must admit that, on submitting to careful experiment organized bodies and the social system, we are unable to say on which side causes act in their effects with the greatest regularity." This, then, is the first characteristic of statisties asa science-that it proceeds whollyby theacsu niulationand comparison of registered facts; that from these facts alone, properly classified, it seeks to deduce general principles, and that it rejects all a jo-io- reasoning, employing hypothesis if atall onlyinatentative manner, and subiect-to fntuxe,verxifcation. It stazts from the assumption verified bymsany tnrils, that humau action; fluctuating as regards the human nai, is approxiarctely invariable, as regardsthe masnswhich msal-e p society. But therais anotheraspectinvwhichitmaybeconsidered. As a rule the degree of certainty which attends any scilace is exactly proportioned to the extent to which such science admits of the application of numbers. We know what has been done in chymistry by the discovery of a single nlumericafllawf-the theory of definite pbroportions,turning by one stroke into a science what wras before little more than a collection of important but detailed observation. An wha we im a in tatiticsis to sbttt o vague parases, mntended to express certain qualities, arithmetical formulas, by which the same idea may be conveyed with a6precision to which language alone cannot attain. For instance, the uneducated man, spealing of a climate or season of the year, will say only that it is warm, hot, or veryhot. The statistician registers the temperature of each day, stri-es an average, and gives his result in nunmerical figures, extending it may be over a period of severalyears, and calculated accordingly wiltl the mzost absolute accuracy of which human investigation is capMble.' gain the traveller, in describing, a nation which he has visited,' writes that offences of violence are exceedingly commion, probably nmore so than in any otlher country. YThe statistician obtains returns of conviotions distinguishing the different classes of crime, ascertains the percentage of murders or assaults per head on the total population, allows of the probable amount of undetected criminality, ancl finally compares these results with others sililarly obtained, in other parts of the world. 'When, therehre, inm discussing, social questions %ve apply the statistial test, we are really doing nothieg more than appealingfresnimagination tofact,from a conjecture to certainty, from an inperfect toaperfeot metlod of observation. I theriaple.stnctly-spesius-thereiano novelty. Every seni le and observing -ma who bas lived in a civilized states of society has beeu to some extent a statistician. The novelty consists, first, in the greater a,curacy with which and the enalrged scale on which facts can be collected in moderm Europe; and, secondly, in the practical application of that theory which to pilosophelr must, frorW. tbe analogy of inazimate rD.ture, Lave. ra amIa prolabl.; the theory, namely, that o'auired beini, taken in the aggregate, are governed in-their tob by deLerminaZe and discoverable laws . It is obvious that a a SciDnce of thi' kind, uilike m:ny which have occepied thb attention of mankind, little room is left for imalistikotaij si little for error. On the rt groud this stud's I3 maSttr tire, even to masny wholppzeciteitsvahce onthee inently and necessarly progresanoe. "HypoeAcscs non fl7nc those memaorable words ef Niewtosi', should be wntten over the door ef every statistical society in Europe*; or. is Iaere any branch of menal exertion so .calcul~tied to promote a cosmnoolita hsbltof thought asid feeling. 1f eu is the object stndied, Jand man so studied is seen to many iti different coyntajes only in consequence to diecovetable influencing causessuch as race, clinawte, food, liw 2nOdee of life, ke. However great, therefore, .the excternid differences between bninehes o£ the human fa;mily, the- ten. dency: of sociology. i*s to elirmiate these differences -tDV yV-u_, W rsser eai ox *nem wto it5 specific origin, andI thus finally to brimg 'to light the essential unity of type which underlies themi *U. 1 would als, observe that, as an exueriuental sdence, the progress of statistics is not liable to those delays which impede the advance of many other branches of knowledge, 'whereas in snathematics the work to be done is transactednecessarily and exclusively in the niind of the discoverer. Where the quantity and not the quality of the intellect brooglit to bear is all-important great advancesarerar,, for the plain reason that they can only be made by men of extraordinary capacities. No number of ordinary proficients in mathematics 'working jointly can make up for the absence or Eupply the place of one Newton. But. though mot one man in 10,000 can be distin^gished as an analyst or a geometer, the number isfar larger of those who possess the mQntal requisites for statistical investigation, at least in its simple forms; and, withouat di^arsging the remarkable talent for arrangement and generalization evinced by such men as Quetelet, and by some of our own 4countrymen vwhom T -wfi not here mnention, it ma_y be safely afrmed thet the extension of statitical inquiry depends lees on tha appearance among us of any one mind of more thau commont powrer &an on the sustained and co-operative industry encouraged by the - state af many minds turned to this pursuit, and each takin separate and distinct apartment in 'which to laboor. It is almost superfluous to point out the sources of those errors which most beset statisticians; theymsy, I t'hii- be reduoed under two heads-first, calculation of near results from an insufficient number of data-a fiult from the eTects of wich, in finances, many provident societies are saffe-ing grIevously; and secondly, calculltionofnearresults without sufficient care being taken to eliminate disturbing cause4 'whether this Omission arises out of the classing toether of phenomena essentially distinct and referable to sepsrate laws, orfrom, omitting to make allowance for imperfections in the data supplied,- e g., as though one engaged on criminal statistics were to assume that all offences committed were actually brought to light, overlooGing thosa in which no detection follows, and consequently ui which no trial tales place. Neither of the sources of error 'which I have mentioned are difficult to avoid. The one danger against which they warn us is that of premature conclusions. In all physical science, but in no science more than this of which we treat, is suspension of judgment necessary. I mean by the phrase that temper of mind which savs, "I never believe or disbelieve evidence i wv anting to do either; i only wait, and hold myself free from bias until further facts are adduced." How easy thisis in theory, how hard and painful in practice, need not be told to any one who has given time and thou^ht and toil to the proof or disproof of a scientific hypothesis. Time would not aUow me to attempt even the most rapid and hasty survey of what has been done, and of v.-hat yet-needs doing in the 'Way of statistic*l research. Generally, I think we may say this of the progress of sClenee in England, that what defects reman arise principallyfrom causes bey>ond the control of | individuals. Sttisticsare the function of the State in a sense in which no other science is so. (Hear, hear.) The details of population, of employment, of instruction, of religious worship, of commerce and of health, are already r- corded in official publcations. Those of agricultural duction we may hope will shortly followv. (Hear, hear.) Te branch which l principally note as deficient is that which relates to civil and criminal judicature. (Hear, hear.) Lord Brougham has brought this subject beforetheHouseof Lords, and even embodied in a bill the data on 'which information is needed. We require a regular and uniform record to be kept of every fact connected with the administration of the law. (Hear, hear.) We require toknow, in civil proceedings especially, the number and nature of suits that go to each court, the length of time occupied in their decision, the nature of that decision, and the cost to the parties. Our criminal returns might be fuler then they are. (Hear, hear.) They gave us at uresent absolutely no information respecting that vast class of offences (of late much increased) which are dealt with under summary jurisdiction. It is not wise in any country to copy servilely the practices of another; local differences may create and necessitate diversity of procedure; but I may refer to the annual reparts (two yearly volumes) of the Aulister of Justice in France as a sample of an almost perfect arrangement of complicated statistical details. One reult of that publication is to show a vast locai difference between department and department in the nature cnd amount of crime. It is that when such a difference is shown by the lapse of a sufficent period to be chronic, and not merely casual, the Government whose attention is thus invited must feel itself bound to investigate the source of the evil, and, if possible, to provide a cure. (Hear, hear.) In fact, an Executive regulaly supplied with such knowledge may be said to have its finger on the pulse of evey pro-sice, ready at the first symptom of disease to intervene with requisite remedy. (Hear,hear.) Thereisanothersuggestion which I muaymake, and which indeed connects itself with thislast, I allude to the advantage-I might almostaSy then^cessity-of establishing a statistical de=-tinent of Government cnarged with the annual publication of such facts relative to the management of national affairs as we reducible to numerical expression. (Iear, hear.) *We have statistics enough presented to ParliamenS every session but they are, in the great majority of cases, called for by individulal. They are drawn out to suit the particular gurpose of those who move for them; they are accordingly eficent in unity, and often of no use beyond the moment. Now I speak- from some personal observation when I say, that ata cost hardlygreater than thatofthese desultoryfrsgmetay isolated returns (which have in addition the inconvenience, coming as they do at unexpected times, and without any regularity of throwing a sudden increase of ork on particular officers) it would be possible to uresent to the natien such a yearly resuma of administrativ6 staiistiCs as should to a very great degree supersede the present system (if systsm it can be called) of movying for returns as and when they are wanted. (Hear, hear.) f have said that I think a statistical department desimble instead of a statistical branch in every department, because the former method gives better security for unity of plan, and because the we rk will be best done by those whose soloand undivided business it is. I have not referred to the meetings of the Intei na. tional Congress of Brussels and Paris, because, on such a subject I could offer no re'mark that would not naturallv occur to those whom I address. Such meetings have a two. fold value; first, they extend the field of statistical research, and we have seen that accuracy of resutt varies directly as the magnitude ofthearea of investigat'ou- ; secondly, they form a new link between nation and nation, because, though speech differ arithmetical notation is the same everywhere. In proportion, therefore, as numerical is substi tuted for descriptive statement we approach neaaer to that otherwise impracticable dream of philosophers-i n universal language. (Heir, hear.) There is, I believe I nay state, a probability of the congress of 1857 being he'd in London, an expectation which seems both natr-al aid re asonabla, inasmuch, as has been averred in public and net denied, that the first design of holding such internatioml siuetingrs wvas suggested by the analogy of the Hyde Park Exhibition of lS5L Should the event I allude to take place :t bdll become the duty of all concerned in statistical scienee to see that such an opportunity does not pass unimproved; so that 1858 may find us with athoroughly organized system for the annual collection and publication of national facts, assimilated, if possible, to the system of France and Belgium. BFor it must be borne in mind that the objects to be arrived at are two-one, the adoption of a method as perfect in itself as possible; the other, an assimilation of that method to those which prevail elsewhere, so that nations may mutually profit by each other's experience. (Hear, hear.) As a proof how much such comparing of notes is required, I may remind you that the census of Ireland and Scotland was talien in a manner different from that of England, while no attempt has ever been made to bring the entire British empire, including India and the colonies under a single statistical organizaton. (Hear, hear.) The constitution of such a sttistical department as we require is matter of fair discussion at the approaching congress. Probably the miost effective combinat-ion of 'working talent wM uld be that obtained by the appointment of a commission or board to preside over the issuing of official publications, partly composed of scientific men, partly of members of the Permanent or Parliamentary Administration (the former preferable as haviDg more leisure), who would bring in ths necessary elements of a knowledoe of official customs. This is, I believe, the system actually existing in Belgium. I Pnussia there is a Minister at the head of the statistical department, but those who wish to find the question more fully discussed will find information in valuable report hy Dr. Farr to the Register-General, dated October 185.5. I wishose, topoint outlu the- asecation the advantage of such a connmmscation. between the Home Government and the~ leading British colonies inrefer,,nee to the-approaching congress as mavyenable such of thenras desietto r- present themselves by means of delegates. Before I conclude Ises me red a letter from the secretary to the London. Statistical Society, giving an account of an important work in which its members are engaged, the only work of the kir d which the society has just nowin hand. The letter is as foalows- " Statistical Society, 12, St. James'-square, Augnst 6. "Sir,-Ihave-.eceived from fxr.-Lmley this monin" the returns relating to the expenses oF the ioor Iaw Beard in the metropolis. Hence I -have deduced the following stitement, which I believe to be as correct as it is possible to make it from the information in my hands:- Annual income of 49 hospitals £359,370 58 dispensaries - - 2S19 U ganaritan and other funds dependent - on hospitals and dispensaries : ... I ,656 Annual Oust of medical relief under Poor TAw ... ... ; 28.776 'Vaccination, ... 4,393 -4 15 337 Poor Law relief not medical- .. ... - £l~~;2,132,j9G "The returns of the 41.) hospitals include a sun of 7?,402g4-paid from-parish ratea to lunatic hospitals. "'In Paris in 1853- xpesiks of Hopitur, including Mrisous de Sunt6 and flaiaotade Convaesence 5.391,6t4 Hospices ... - . . . - a 323 General nanageneat 63.168 - Generl Iatablib mefor the'use of -ibothl HFlpitaux and Hospices ... 23,161 9.93D,2G( The receipts of the entra Board (lmimratlun GIMOrat* derI'A9 asLeP W=eO atYriou er*-a rr ot lill appLlkblde to rmdlz':l thihet _-_1853 their amIont wa; ... ... P53,148 .&.unuzilrnanioipai t ..*....... , .. *.438,181I *IalT, Sir, your obedU #T95k | DT. ^Tal, F.S. T. ;S ARILI "PS. AmSuming tat tie po ati cuFarIsIMthat eO I&h, nthe ST expendea t P. risr&i'e oIr ApPOaion eoihetofO ldoden wold be 1,121,7M., the to e. Pezditurtifor o Tdonbeingi axJusttae, ] A, 1be>ii4lejord, in oncluEion, said,-I haye mr only to Announe WTsyou the p ;peesabout to be read, aNE to reqna attention to the following 5nle id down for tM&2ake of bre'ity as.id ilearexss in our proeedings:-" To aveid leading long cbmie.utive list. oE E= and as far as pouibke tc gee only reaulta. Where mnoon is in question te, oznit ings lnd pne, tating, on}y the number of pcnds. iemo lalge os are coue erned,Atogiveoundchp l r, avoiding l nite" Of t enraeatbere is a Gedium in obsering tbesy direetions, and it the choickelies bey tee the 2To, bettDrabt o hecul thi O inacuraote. t llen STean thconveji4 Stater minuernecs ian thse matters is ant tottrfe int own end. - The noble lord resumed bis seat amnid much applase. P)l,cers al ere thenread by, Mtr. Jimes W. Gilbert, on tac FainUyU Piiieile in Lon,doi Bsnking by Mr. John T. Danson, on the Connexion letween SIaverr int Te nitod States of America ad the Cotton ldanuafcture in the Utniied Kbigdom - by Dr Striang, on the P'rogress, Extent, and Valueof thiesrthenWae, Porcelsin, ad GaILs 3fan:ifactories o)! ilasgow; and by mr. Williiam Nesmach, boz tbe FormerandPresent ilan(ofDisposingof theWazteIAnds in the Auatralian Co'onie." I SETnION G.-MEMEANICAL SCIM;CE. Mr. George 31ennie, F.II.i., presided, and at er ield by lar. Charles A±hinto:n on "Mercan e Steam iransport Economy." The busiress of sections conicluded about 4 o'cloc3. This evexing thereis to bo a sofrec and. promenade st Pittville Sea, towarrds the expenses of which the local committee bfave contributed I001. :
To 1'0 f BDITOB OF THBE T1LES. Sir,-I shall feel very much obliged if you will insert my l.etter to the chairmau of the Great West.eM Railwsy -upon the question of -laying the narrow gauge to Paddington, which is *ne of the most important questions affecting railway power and progress at thei present day. I have Weled attention io the Bubjecit. in an advertisemeni;, to be inserted at the same time. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant --- - - WILLIXM AMAINS. ch.-Man I .tiaway LsBtorm Association, Aug. 7. " TO TEE CHAIRIMAN OF TElE GREAT WESTERIN - RAILWAY. "hly Lord,-The battle of the gauges has painfully au& injuriously occupiedthe railway world for many years, and the result is that the narrow gauge has crept over your broad gauge system as far as Beading and Basingstoke. " Your line from Basing,.tole to Reading, and thense through Didcot, Oxford, -and Birmingham to Wolverhamrpton, is a mixed gauge; your system thence by Shrewsbnry and Chester to Birkenhead is exclusively narrow. Whatever mode you may think proper to adopt in addition,-tho whole of this postion of your rndertaking must be worked by yourselves on the narrow gauge. "The question now forces itself on us for decisione whether y70s can convert them into broad gauge lines, or, if youi must facilitate the great amount of traffic they are calctlated to bring upon your property by contining the narrow gauge for the lat 36 miles of your line to Paddington, and Eo avoid the necessity for double plant and aU the disadvautages. of a break of gauge, which is fatal to heavy traffic, and so objectionable to passenger traffic as. to turn the scale against you, supposing all othet things to be equal. You have 228 miles of mixed gnage, S7 of pure narrow, and. 33 miles running powers over the Birkenhead, and the whole traffic over these 3i8 miles of narrow gauge lines cannot be brought to the main point of allyour aspirations-viz-, the metropolis,without a fatal break of gauge. " It is obvious that as you now stand when the narrow gauge trLffic is brought to Reading it will be taken offyour line, and carried by those on the narrow gauge south of the Thames to the metropolis, thereby inflicting a ruinous loss upon the holders of Great Western stock. Bnt, on the contrary, if you continue the rixed gauges to your final ierminus, when such prodigious preparations have been, and are still being maae at great cost, no dificulty existing, as your engineers and officers confidently aver, in working the nixed guages, you will be in the advantageous position of accommodating the stream of traffic brought by your brod gauge system from South Wales and the South-Webtern, and the narrow garge from the North-Western. All the narrow guvage lines joining your system would immediately becometributaries, which is now impossible, andyourNorth Wales coal, on which you rely Eo much, would be brought by one plant instead of two to tha metropolis. " In its present position it is inpossiblo for the Great Western to prosper. Either the broad gauge mnus' be complete over all the lines which you own, lease, or guarantee, or all the traffic on the narrow miust be brought to the terminus to which of all others you aim, and desire to bring it -r., the metropolis-without break of gauge, since that break of gauge renders absolutely necessary a donble plant and staff, loss of time, loss of mronev, and all those inci, dental diadvantages which render commercial prosperity impossible. "The cost of adding the narrow to the broad over these 30 miles would be trifling compared with the benefits to arise. lO0,OOOt. would cover it, including the alterations ix the Faddington station; and probably rails rendered useles3 by this alteration could be taken up to cover the whole cost. I assumen that you would not require new Parliamen1ary powers to lay the narrow gauge on the broad, though yon would require such power to lay the broad gauge over the narrow, and those powers you are prohibited from ever applying for, and, even if obtained, a1l the tributaries of your broad gauge truak lines in the north-west would be narrow, and thus increase tho evil in that district ; but by maling the change proposed you meet the Tequirements of all portions of orx property. After the gravest consideration for a long leriod, we have arrived at the conclusion that the best interests, not only of the Great Western, but the railway commiunity at large, -would be promoted by thus neutralizing this vexed question of the gauges. The legislatuc has recentlygranted to the Oxord, Worcester, and Wolverhampton, with which you have beeu in active Litigation for ten years, a furiter period of four years to complete the broad gauge; for that long additional period, therefore, the numerous heartburnings which this question causes musthe D]ept up, but which might a.t once be settled by adopting the suggestion here offered. It is also most advisable to lay the mixed gauges on the Brentford line, so that the heavy traffic from the manufaotinrig and mineral districts may be taken wvithout break of gauge to the Tha-mes. I admit that the broad guage is pre*erred bymany passengers, but of all the lines terminuating in the metropolis the broad gauge is at the heaviest discount and pays the lowest dividend. *' It is on this latter account thar; I desire to advocate the change, since a dividend for the capital embarked is the only object for wvhich sbarcholders part with their money I infer, therefore, that if on full dis:ussion it can be made apparent that thebest interests of the Great Western areminvolved in this completion of the narrow gauge to Paddington, your lordslip and your colleagues wMilwillnglyreceive the instructions of the shareholders, and carry out their views, rather than those on which you have acted up to the present time, and which have been attended with such lamentable results to their property. ' Entertaining these views, I should neglect aunimportanit dutydid I niot, in the name of those acting vith me,' snost earnest.ly entreat you to aid us in thus promoting the best. interests of the great property committed in trust to you for its due administration. "Permit. me, therefore,-to inform you that it fs rey, intention to meore the adjooaiment of the meeting to be - held, on. the 15th inst. ait irio till the. 22d insst_ in' London, will&a-v iew to afulL di;cumio of this importat: question, as weUl as ior a feler examinsaion of the accounts and the position of the company tlan the short interval between 'he circulation of the report and accounts and the' meeting admit of. "I will sdd, that as time presses, this letter wsil be publishled andtie aid of any shareholder solicited (solar as th3 unequivocal expression of his opinissi) for the adjournment of the maeting till the 22d inst. in London for the consideration of this subject and the present position of thn Great Western Company. 'I have the honouor to be, my Loord " Your .,ordsWhips most obedient servant " WIEAx. MALIThS. C irnitu, R~~~~~~~~~~~~i1~~~~~~ Befonn Association~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~."
THE DOUBLEdUf MPUDEBR ZEAR FOLKES2'ONZ. Slia-osZjourne imvestigatoa ino the~death-s-'osIt £ir aal Caroline Back wsa held yesterday morning it the P.oyzl Oak In, in the parish of Hougham, Eeat, by Mr. T. T. Delnasux, corobner for tho county, and a jury conspod of the priancipil farmers' and inhabitants of the di$tric. Tholnas urrling, carpenter, of' Folketone, was be first -witness called. He said, an Sunday mornin. about 3 o'clock, lie leit Folke,tone with a friend, and proceeded nearly as far as Dover, and returned as far a3 the Steddy Hole, when lie sat down on a cliffrcading for about alaf an hour. He %vas trying to find a path down to the bech when be saw the two girLs. The first he came to was MIara's body, the younest, -whoe clothes were disordered. He looked at her face and dress .an found it was satrxated with blood about the chest. HeaUcaled assistance, and then he went to the other girl, who was a3so dead. The blood was on her clothes and her ifgers wvere cut. By the Coroner.-They were lying abont 15 yards from each other when he svw them. The bodies wew removed 'whila he went to infonn the superintendent of police ; and when he next saw them they were at the cottage. WFhet he discovered them they were both dead. He saw they wera Zeoth wnuaded about the cheat. Had not met anybody only a young man, evidently a civilia%, going towiards Daver before he dis-covered the dead bodies in Steddy Hole. Did not see the wounds in their chest3, but saw blood on the froat part of the dress of each. JohnaRck deposed that he was a labourer, of Dover. S'he deceased wrere his daughters. 'Had known Dedea Re. danies seven or eight months. Thay were weD acquainted. Medanies went to his house at 8 o'clock on Saturday night; and left-at half-past 9, and did not return again tiU about a- quarter to 3 in the morning. The deceased were going to 3Yolkestone, and Redanies proposed that they should accoent pany him to Shorncliffe Camp. Witness asked hina if he -would come and take breakfaAt before he started with the girls. It was proposed to have breakfast at 3 o'clock, bnt he canse shortly before 3 clock. 1Witness breakfasted with tedanies and the two girls. eledanies and the girls left for hisL roaster's quarters shiortly after o'clock. There was no quarrelling 1between them. and they all seemed merry. Redames said he had no doubt Mr. Smiqm would have a breakfast ready for them when they got to the evcampment. By the Coroner.-He had since seen Redanies at the Canterbury HospitaL That was yesterday (Wednesday). .Re vwas then in bed asleep, and his personr covered wirh a -sheet. excepting his face. He. (waitness) knerw how his daughters were dressed. Mr. Clemelnt, superintendent of the Canterbury police, then, at the direction of the coroner, produced two black mantles, which he said he took offthe prisoner. The father said (pointing them ogt),-That belonged to Caroline and that to Maria. Witness remamed.-Did not sea any knife aebout Redanie, on the Saturday or Sunday. Never sa53 him with a knife. Itedanies was quite rational on the Sunday morning. Redanies was not keeping company with Caroline. Neither of the girls ever walked out with him before. When Redanies brought his offices's clothes to witness's house to be washed lCDeong have jolast them. By the Jury.-lledanies came unexpectedly on the Saturday evening. If he had not called, the girls were going by the train to Folkestone at 6.15. Maria was going with Carolinea as the latter had not been weL Mr. William Bateman, of Folkestone, said, he was a aurgeon in practice. About 9 'clock on Sunday morning last be received a messagoefrom Mr. Superintendent Steers to see the deceased girl7s. He went, and found them lying in aa outbuilding adjoining a cottage at Capel-le-ferne. He had them removed into a room. Examined the body of Maria Back, the youngest, first. He found the dress of the deceased bit little disordered. She had on her gloves and bonnet, and the front of her dress was buttoned close up to leer nec-. That part of her dress was saturated with blood. He found holes in the dress, on removing which he saw-four incised wounds in the chest, each about half an inch in length, and penetrating deeplv into the chest. There were two wounds on ezch side of the chest, between the second andfourthribs, and, from the direction of the wounds,ho was clearly of opinion that the arch of the aorta was wounded, and that death took place almost instantly. George Fr:er, constable of Thannington, produced a knife about four inches long in the blade end three quarters of an inch wide, which he said he got from the soldier Redanies, when he apprehended him on Monday afternoon about 3 o'clock, betveen Canterbury and ChartLam, under the direction of Mr. William Walker, Sucerintendent of the Home Division, Rent County ConsataIulary, who had surrounded Efim-wood vith his men. The Coroner.- Mght the wounds you found have been inflicted with that khife? Mr. Bateman.-Exactlv. MIr. Bateman then said, he examined the body of Caroline Reck. He found three wounds of the same sort in the chest, one of them had passed tbrough the cartilage, another through the ster-numorchest bone, and the third was onthe left breast, but that had not entered the chest. They were al stabs. T'here vas also a stab in the left Laud. Both of their chests were filled with blood. They hadnot bled much externally. The bodies were ouite warm when he saw them, and on turning them over the blood gushed out of the wounds. George Frier, the constable, deposed that on Monday last, from informationreeivedfrom Superintendent Walker, he proceeded along the Ashford turnpike road, near the viaduct, where be sa v a soldier, who iQ' mediately drew his hand from his breast, and threw the knife (produced) down to the ground. He then ran up and caught held of him, as did also another man. Witness could not then see that he was bleeding. He unbuttoned a strap which was round his body, etnd to which was attached a handkerchief containing some bread and tobacco. Ee then took one of the capes (pr-duced by Superintendent Clement) from the back of the soldier. Another girl's cloak rermained on his back. The witness and the other man laid him down on the grass, and sent for Dr. Bond, who advised his removal to Canterbury Hospital, where he (witness) had watched him in the daytinme since. During the night he was watched by another constable. There were three wounds in his left breast. By the Coroner.-There were a great many persons round the soldier, whose nane was Dedea Redanies. By the Jury.-Did not see the soldier stab himself. Mr. John Clement, SuperirtendentoftheCanterbury(city) police, said that from information he received on Monday afternoon he proceeded along the Ashford-road from Canterbury, and saw Bedanies Iying on the grass surrounded by about a dozen men; Dr. Bond was dressing some wounds in his chest, from which blood was flowing. By Dr. Bond's direction, he v.as removed to Canterbury HospitaL When at the hospital he took the two capes produced from him. One of the capes had three cuts in it, covered with fresh blood, and corresponding with the wounds in the body of Dedea Redenies. Witness left Redanies at the Kent and Canterbury Elospital in charge of a constable. George Mlarsh, ostler at the Royal Oak publichouse, deposed that about 5 o'clock on Sunday inorning last he was sitting on a bank near the turnpikse-road leading from Dover to 1 olkestone, when he saw two young women wvalking arm-in-ann with a soldier, who was rather a short mun, and appeared to be a foreigner. He asked witness what was the time, to which he answered, "*5 o'clock." They then went on towards Folkestone talking and lauzhing. The place where the dead bodies were found was about one mnile from where he was sitting. He saw the bodies .-uboult 10 'clock on the same day at the outhouse of the cottage. Ho had not the least doubt thatr they were those of the two girls he saw with the soldier. Did not know the soldier. By the Coroner.-He noticed one of the girls had on light 1*uts. Could not say whether they had on cloaks. By the Fureman.-He saw them walking along the road about 100 yards. They appeared the same as when they based him. Mirs. Elizabeth Atwood, wife of a tradesman at Lower flardres, stated that on Monday last a soldier-a foreigner -canie to the shop and asked her if she knew Irish. He ak-ed if witness sold paper and envelopes, and she told him s-he did. and he purchased two sheets of bill paper, two envelopes, a bottle of ink, and a pen. He then asked if witness would let him write a letter, and she acquiesced. He sat down and wrote two letters, and put them in the envelopes, and went to-the post-office. Mr. Superintendent Walker, Rent County Constabulary, Tproduced two letters wbich liedanies placed at the post-tee about 200 yards from the shop of h&s. Atwood. They were written in German, and were very lengthy, the ne addressed-to "Mtiss Carolin.e Back, 3~, Atbion-plsce, Dover," and-the other to "Ser WileIm Schmid, testuans of 4thQcempagOnie, 2d Reient, 2d batallon Britis Se-is legiou,CKap -?olksstone, nex:t Dover."t :Mrs. Atwood Identified the paper and envelopes as those _he sold to the soldier. Shewent toCunteihuryRospitalnoxt dAty, nd there she saw Redanies, whom she identified as-the soldier ahe served with the paper. Re then asked for a abisd envelope, in which he put the duplicate (produced) for a -watch pledged on Jnly 9for 15s., at Folkestone, in the nare of Dedea Redanies. When Redanies was at her shop be had on the two capes one over the other. Mr. William Walker, Superintendent of the Home Diviion, Kent County Coistaburlary, was sworn, after ar. inter's-al, while an interpreter trnaslaied the German letters wmitlen by }edanies from Dover. - Ho said that, from infomsgicn< he had received, be went to the post-office at el3~rs, and there two letters (produced) were handed lEsni~'ubr, interpreter of the Ship Hotel, Dover, wwtJsaiis , to interpret the letters produced by Super. ;atdel. jker. The interpretation, as taken, closely utiodd-d.:ithapreviousone, which was examined by *Dr' Xls,.of St. Asgutine's College, and ran thus:- -'Deere tdlther Beck,-. On the first lines , I pray to for. ravu meoll isisvful accident to the u:aluckcy Dedea leedenies rhichK~ Co. cmitted upon my very dear Croline and Maria Back posterdg morning at 5 o'cloc Scarel I anm able to xte bXheatErkfor 3ny evermeoal Zaroiline and :hlary n.4 The cause of mny deed is:-1 A s I heard that Caroline is not in the family way as I rt belieed. 2. 3eciue Caroline intends to. go to Weelwch 3. Because I canoQt stay with my very dear Caroline, it made my heart so Scnttcredtlat I put into my mind, at Last thut Caroline rather may die from my hands than to hvlow Caroline's love ibei towed upon otheza. HoiV ver, -I did not intend to murder also - M. Ar, *her siter;- but not havin , other opportumity, and as she was in my Nny, I' co'4d4 Bot' do otherwise-I must stab - her too. 3ssr hIlther- Beck, Saturday eveninS 'when I came, I had ot at leastany intention to conm lt this awful act, but as I learned that my dea Caroline "ave me back my kkexscri and as she told me she woulid Teave, I did ant know any oeher 'ray in my hertbreeak tha that- leading to the cntlerz, whtroe I bought5 a poniasd, wh-ch divided the heary. l.overs.- Arm bty arm I brought both ray dearest noah3 in the world over to the nnluchy place nea3 the road ljefore Folkestone, and requestedi them to sit down, bat the Z ras; being wet they refused to do so, and I directed then Carolina to g" forwanls, and I went behind Mary Ann, into kz.x--L lieart I run tin, dagger. WYitl -a dull cry gh8 dropped down. With& a most broken heart I rushed then after Caroline, lifing the poniard in any hand !owaydi Vhet.-" Deat Dedea," crsed she, withlsalf dead voicc, and fell down wuith veeping eyes. Then I rushied oyer her and i gave her the last kisss as an everlasting remembrance. I could not live anmore dreadful honr in my life than that Ewas, and my brokeD heart could not tellw here my senses erem gone, and I took both the black shawls of Mary Ann and my dear Caroline, 1S a mourning sOit for me, leaving Itbe awful spot with weeping ges a-da broken heart. NevershallI forget iLy dear Carolnesnd lMary Ann, and the poniard vwil be covered with the blood of Mary Ann and Caroline with me until it be put in my own breast, and I shall see again my dear Mary Ann and Caroline in the' eternal life. Farewell, and be careless about the blissfuly deceased tngels of God, andforgive the nhap y, ever weepAn, "DIDMA l'D.4NlPS." " Ant. 3, l856." The other letter, dcddressed to his lieutenant, ran thus:- "Dearest.Mr. Lieuterant Schmnid,-With weeping eyes I entreat you to pardon me, the -anhappy Dadea, and I informi yon in a feiv words that I did not intend to squander your watch, but to give it only as a pledge tosister Caroline, uhere yotL will receive backyour watch from Mary Bacl;, if you will be so good as to go to Dover yourself and reclaim it at- the hereinentioned address- 'liss Maia Baclk, 5, Albion-place, Dover.' I also enclose the pawnticket for Dr. Baumegarten, and inform you that 1 have not got set the watch. Unfortunately, I CannOt enclose you the money w;hich I .cpent from . I sent a letter te the mother of Caroline,~ hut it is in German, and I request you to take an early opportunity to go to Dover and translate the letter for her. Dear ML-. Lieutenant Sebmid, keep the portrait and locket of hair attached to it, as an eternal remembrance of that fearful Sunday' when both the girls, who were my never-to-be-forgotten sadness and ioy-{Elere the sentenoe breals off abruptly.] Dear Mr. Lieutenant Schmid, I thanlk you for every good thing I eIperienced with you, and pardon the unhappy Dedea IRedanies, who am ready an,> uiRte before my being arrested to kill myself wb ith tue same dagger with Mwhich I murdered my only joy. With the request that you will transZlate the other-letter to Mrs. Back, which I sent her with your own'>-[the word following is illegible] " gratefnfdy,-Dxrns. 31ED 2Srs." "A tlsousand compliments to you, with tears, dear Scismid." Thecoroner then summed up, remarking on the evidiene given, and pointing out the legal bearings of the case. He said he never heard of a more horrible and diabolical murder in the county, and it was a fortunate circumstance that the heinous crime had been so clearly brought home to the vile vretch, who had only too well carried out his premeditated plans - and. although thfe assassin hasl madc an attempt oni his own l'e wvhen he found he was surrounded by the oihcers of justice, yet, no doubt, from what he had heard, he would recover and be in a fit state to take his triaL The jury, after a few moments' consideration, returned & unanimous verdict of "W Wilful murder against Dedea Redanies" in both cases. The coroner having made out his warrant for the com-n inittal of the accused, the proceedings terminated. It appears that the murderer, notwithstanding the fearful nature of his wounds, is progressing favourably under the treatment of the medical authorities of the Rent and Canterbury Hospital, and it is expectedthat, unless a relapseshould occur,-he will be taken before the magistrates the beginning qf nest week. The bodies of the unfortuiate victims were removed from Burvill's cottage early this morDing to their parents' rebidence in Dover. They will be interred to-day.
WsTzirt- DovY.-The execution of this muirderer is appointed to take place on the drop at the Castle, York to-morrow, at 12 o'clock at noon, the Home-Secretary (Sir. George Grey) having declined to recomnend the convict to the mercy of er Majesty. Great efbrts have been made by the friends of the convict, and several memorials have been presented inl favour of the Royal clemency being granted, on the alleged g,round that the prisoner was of insane mind, and that thEo jury who found him guilty of murder slso recommzended hirn to mvercy on account of his defective intellect. Sir George Grey, however, on Wednesday last, expressed to Mr. J. M. Barre, of Leeds, solicitor,-to whom was entrusted the getting-up of the defence of the prisoner,-his final determination not to interfere with the sentence of the judge (Mr. Baron Bramwell). During tho last fevr days the convict has displayed a very penitent feeling; and, whatever may be said about his sanity, he appears to be fully awvare of his impending doom. hh:wriht,ofManchester, the wfell-knowrn prison philantropist, says he has had l2 interviewis w ith the prisoner, and that he " never met with a more sincere penitent unader similar painful circumstances-" but he adds that he believes Dove to be of very defective Intellect. The following is a copy of the memorial from Mrs. Dove, the mother of the convict "To the Queen's Most EcelIent Majesty.-The Humble Petition of Wasy Duve, the mother ot WiaiDam Dove, now in York Castle, under sunttnce of deathb having been pronounced gilty at the charge for wbich he was in;prsoued ia March lszt, Dr a most respectable and re=pected jury, which jury, from the mass of evidence adduced. proviog himtobe of tnsound iutellect, recommended hm to nercy on Mhat ground. Your etitioner begs to state thata lthough the development of his defectire intelect in many of bis eccentricitis vwa.not Personally krown to her5elf, because of her son'. frequentabsenee from home, yet 3raby of them 'wen practisd under berowan eye, ard others of an equally conclusive character which have no record in public print. 1smAit. then, the afllieed mother of Vll3iam Dove to intreat your Stejesty to causs the rsvommendation of tee juryto be carried out, and the life other sonto be pnarel. Your Majesty wUl easily understand thlea a mother, so circumstanced. can say but a few words. Your p,etitione r hluroly sueq>at that it may please your Majesty to ps*-e th e prisoner' life. And your Majesty's humble petitioner. asin atreclsa ard duty hosed, wilt ever pray. MAaY DOVE." Besides the above memorial, one was presented from the jury who tried Dove, and t wo or three others from persons who have long knowrn him, or have examined into the state of his mind. Dr. Forbes Winslow has written a letter to Mr. Barret, the convict's solictor, in which he gives various reasons for believing that Dove was not responsible for his actions. Dr. P. Winslow says, that the words " defective intellect," embodied by the jury in their verdict, are to his apprehension not accurately expressive of Dove's mental condition. The case is one of imbecility; and he has, therefore, no hesitation in giving his opinion, " that it would be a great and fatal mistake, and a grave act of inhumanity, to han2 the wretched man." }AsT L-DIr.k CO-3P ANY's CmL SEnvrcE ExAIInos, July, 1856.-The following is a list of the successhu candidates:- THE SumD Y BAxDIs n; T?Awc-EsTER.-The Manchester City Council, at their quarterly meetig on Wednesday, wereoccupiedforaboutsixhoursindebating thequestion of Sunday hband's. Memorials were pamnted against the hands in thepark-son Sundays from clergymen and ministers, from teachers and conductors of Sunday-schools, from 158 mnerchants and others residing near the Queen's-park, from thieofficers ofthe Manches;terSonday-schoolUnion, representing 000 teachers and 0,000 scholars, andfromn certain church. wardens and other offcers; and, ont-he other hand, a miemorialwaspreentd i faourof hebands, from 15,305 wforking men. Mr. Aldermuan Bancroft moved a resolna tion recommending tdhegetleemen constituting.the Bands commtteeto ithdaw hem.Mr.AldemanBarnes secodedthe esoutin. M. Aderan Hywod.ioved an amendment to the effect that it was unnecessary at present to interfere with the pla-ying of bands in the parks on Sunday. Mr. Harry Raw-son seconded the amendlment. On a d6ision, the amendment was negatived by 27 to 18, and the original resolution was then passed without a division. TaE Scs.nw STEAamsmp GaEAT BraTADr.-The ownem.s of the Great Britain are about to introduce improvenments into this vessel for the purpose of applying more effectually to her the principles on which the Rtoyal Uharter has been constructed. The vessel will be supplicd with new stermposts, projecting beyond the present ones, and a new rudder. The screw will also be made to lift, by which it is expected the speed of the ship will be accelerated about two miles an hour when under sail alone; and as these alterations will project the rudder about two feet further aft than it is at present, -nd proportionately lengthen the run of the s-hip, it follows that ebe wil steer better. But one of the mosbt important alterations proposed relates to the removal of the mainmast, which is to be placed 15 feet forward of its presentpos:tion, and by which the ship wil obtain inc.reae ailing capacities. Very mnaterial alterations will also he made in the deck-houses and cabin accommodation of the ship, an almost entire transformation being contemp Iated ax this.department. hv oat FAT.& P-AlLwAY Acecomas.-We ha-ve toaneunce twvo morn deaths resulting from the fearful railway accident which occurred near the Ewood-bridge station on the East Lancashire Railway, the nart°ic ulsof which. we Lave on Wfedne-sday last. The stolker, Joseph Mason, after ingering in mnuch agony, expired yesterday (Thursday) mrcniing, leaving a wvidow in a state of pregnancy and five small children. Mr. Ashwortb, printer ard stationer, Bacup, who was a passenger by the train and had severai ribs oroken when the dreadful catastrophe took place, expiredabout 0 'clock on Wednesday evening. The others ho wvere injured are supposed to he progressing favourably. On. ednesday evenhng last an inquet wvas held on the nody of John Fielding, the engineer, w ho was killed at the tin e when the accident occursed, and after a ptient investigation a verdict of "Accidental Death" w urned and the jury expressed an opinion that no evidence had been given calculatvd toshow the cause of the accident. The only persons who could by any po*sibility h6vegiven any info3niation on the subject vere the engine-driver and the stoLer, and, as neither of them was capable of speeking after the accident Occurred, the matter will probably remain enveloped in mnystery.-Onr Wednesday afternoon last arother fatal accident iiccurmed on the same railway, sud within a faw n-iles of the spot where the foru:er accident tooe place. A m:an named KnowlCs was c-ouplintg Ecine wVaggos near to the Radcliffe station, whern the engine started, and the man was knocked -dowri and thc -waggons ran over hinm. He expired ahortly alter, 'Wlile being conveyed to the 7sianchester Infirniry. 'blis was the third accid'ent within a distance of rnine miles -hich, has occurred on the East Lancashire Railw&y in 11 das'the resuilt is thd Ni~s. of four livea, asnd a nmain her :of -eeriobe injuries. Before our par3cel waa deapatched las evening our - correspondent wa2s. inform3ed that yester- way, but as Mr. S iithette, the general anager, had not eeninfrme of he caurene, t iSto be loped
MONRY-3dBRKETandCITY-TNTELLIGBNCE. 'rniAhas~bmu ettlng ~ Thursday Evening. This has been settling day in Consoli, and large deliveries of stock have created an increased pTessuire for money and a further decline in prices. The : quotation after regular iours yesterday was 9*to i, and the first transactions this morDng were at 95i to i. Duringothe day theyfluctuated betwieen those points, and the final price was- 951 to Q. For the 10th of September they off at 9:qt. Consol Scrip closed 4 to t premium; Bank ntock; 217k' to 219; - uced; 95 to J-; New Three per Cents., 96 to A; nnuities, 18 5-16; India Stock, 234to 23T; India-boact, ls. to 193.' premium; Exchequer-bonds, 1Q00 to i; and Enchequer-bills, iSs. to 16Rpremiumn. oreign securities wvere steady, with a moderate amount of bauiness. There was rather less firmness towards tho lose. Turkish Six per Cents, for the account, were negotiated at 103i and it ; tho Four per Cents. Guaranteed, at 1044 ex. div. The othler operations included:-Brazian Five per Cents., 102; Guatemala, 60; Mlexican, for money, 23; for the account, 23 and 22k; Peruvian Foir-and-aHalf per Cents., for account, 82; Russian Five per Cents., for account, 1I2M and i; Sardinian Five per Cents., l)2.}; Spanish-Three per Cents', 45 ; the New Deferred; for account, 24> and §, ad Dutch Foulr per Cent. Certificstes, 9Zi. The losingoquotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Pars Bourse ths eveniug were 0Of. 50c. for money, and 70f. 65c. for the end of the' month, showing a decline of less than an eighth. Advices from Constantinople to-day state that 500,000 sovereigns had just been shipped in a Government steamer for England. These will produce a good effect on the money-market, as they will be taken to the Bank of England. The suspension was announced to-day of two mercantile firrs-namely, Messrs. Pickford and Keen, and Messrs. Courtenav Kingsford and Co. The liabilities in the first ease are said'to be small, but in the latter they are believed to be little short of 100,000!. Both houses- were shippers of various goods to the United States and elsewhere. The ixalf-yearly meetings of the several jointstock banks in London being now completed, the sibjoined table has been made up exhibiting their relative capitals and extent of transactions, as well as the respective periods at which they were opened. Thegrowthofbbusinessitdemonstratesis againvery'remarkable,theold banksshowinganaggregate increase of 4,588,9821. in their deposits, after deducting two instances in which there has been a falling off. In addition, the City Bank and the 'Bank of London have already accumulated balances to the amount of 2,150,422!.,t makiing a total augmentation of 2,539,404l. in the money placed with the joint-stock establishments inLondoninthefirat six months of thec present year. This, however, although in a great degree consequent upon the growing disposition of the public to avail themselves of banking facilities, together with the accumulation of capitalwhich has occurred since the close of the woar, is not entirely to be attributed to. those causes,) since 2,552,4677. of the sum may be accounted for by a diminution to that extent in the deposits of the public with the Bank of England. The bans, wvhich show anl increase of customers' deposits are the London and Westminsterwhich figures for an improvement of 2,425,9151., and whose total is now in excess of that of the Bank of England; the London Joint-Stock, for 1,632,3591.; the lUnion (which is next to the London and Westminster in the extent of its business), for 682,1461.; and the Commercial, for 218,8071. The London and County and the Royal British exhibit a falling off respectively of 229,6211. and 140.6241. In the former case the decline may be supposed to have occurred from the injurious reports which have since been dissipated of the company having sustained large losses from their connexion with John Sadleir, and in the latter it is explained as a consequence of a new mode of making up the accounts. The dividends have ranged from 22; per cent. per annum in the case of the London Joint-Stock Bank-, dowvn to 4 per cent. in thae of the Reoyal British; but it is to be remarked that although the largest distribution has apparently been made hy tile London Joint-Stock Bank, the L ondon and Westminster have relatively disbursed more, since they have paid 16 per cent. on a capital of 1,000,000L., while that of tne London Joint-Stock is 600,000!.:- At a half-yearly meeting of the London and County Bank held to-day, Mfr. W. Nicol presiding, the dividend declared was at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum, and the report and accounts were unanimousily adopted. The attendance of shareholders was very numerous, the connexion of the late John Sadleir with the establishment, and the changes wlhich have taken place in the management, having excited more than ordinary interest. The Chairman stated that the business of the bank is in a sound position, notwithstanding the unfavourable rumours circulated shortly after the last meeting. Upon an addition of strength being made to the Board, not only was a searching and satisfactory investigation carried out, but it was resolved to call in a public accountant (Mfr. Coleman), whose report is attached to the stateinent exhibited by the directors. The amount of paid-up capital, 500,v001., and the reserve fund of 100,0001., although regarded as limited, compared witlh the extent of business transacted is, it is contended, not out of proportion with the statistics presented by the other three principal joint-stock banks whose operations are analagous to those of the London and County. A question, of coulr.e, may arise as to the propriety of augmenting either the capital or the reserve, bult this the directors think may be more properly taken into consideration on a future occasion. The reference of the accountant in his report to special securities includes those of the lateJohn Sadleir, and the Westminster Improvement Commission. The account of Sadleir stands in the books at 112,3081. The securities possessed are those of estates purcbased in the Encumbered Estate.s Court in Ireland, the whole of which are registered in the names of the trnstees of the bank; the total value is placed at 121,0001. on a moderate calculation, and as several have already been realized at 25 per cent. beyond the estimate put upon them, it is presumed that the aggregate will be eventually obtained. Other float- ing securities, amounting-tol 15 ., are likewisede-' posited, making altogether 13F,0001., which would leave a large balance to be handed over to other creditors. An 'order having passed the Court for the sale of the estates, they will forthwith be made available. With regard to the Westminster finprovement Commission, the slun standing at that account is 43500l., which is fully secured by land, rates, ancd-houses, freehold and leasehold. The Chairmaii added that, although the comments of the accountant on this subject were dictated by prudence, the belief of the directors is That with caution and vigilance the whole may be secured, and that the reserve fund sill not be mnaterially interfered with. The other points referred to were the activity displayed by Messrs. Wilkinson and Co., the solicitors, iu securing the property in the Encumbered Estates Court, belonging to Sadleir,for the benefit of the bank; the investigation conducted by Messrs. Freshfield; the confi-ence exhibited by the London and coun-ty depositors, and the iccession of business and of shareho6ders since the reorganization of- the board. With regard to future' fir64e*ts it was remarked thats as the depositori and.iharehblders have latterly augmented, there7is overy prospect of irmprovement, notwithstandiir the increase of competition. The propriety of holdink of half-yearly meetings Vill receive the considerationof lthe board, and also the question of a grant to the late general manager.' Subjoined is the report, together with -the accounts, which are made outt with mnore than usual fuhness:- P rIow the circuln,Etrnces 'which have transpired since 'the las1 meeting, the directors have considered it de- slirable to call t%be proprietarytogetherat -this-timt,-and .avai themselves of the opportunity of plaicng before them a statement of the account of the banrk, for the half-yeaxr ending thel3th of June last. The acconts are attested by the signature of the auditors of the bank, in addition to which the-directors have deemed it advisable tobtajin the assistance of lMr. Coleman.the publh accountant, whose examination aLnd approv:al of the accounts is veriied by his teport. It wiMl be four.d that the net profits of the bank for the past half-yeir, aftermakirg due provisionfor had znd.doabtful debts, aOUnt to 35,2921., which, with the small baIance brought fo;rward from the previous half-year, will leavo a disposable sma of 35,4 The directors have declared a dividend of .5 per cent. for the half-year, free from income-tax upon the paid-np capital of the bank, leaving a balancee of 10,U19M, to be carried forrrard to the rext account. B . ALANrCE SE;Er TO EHEl.OTH GF JUiA, 1ta6. lIz. To capital paid up.s, o . nteservedfund ..... .0 0 eusti balacesl , &= c .. 421,313 1l LProfit and loss balance brought from Lnst accunt .. .. . . . . . 1 OT 19 5 Ditto, rebatte, &., ditto .. .. 12,163 0 0 Gross profit for tho.half-yesr. after aaing provirion for lad andr doubtful debts.. 112,697 17 10 1224,93 17 3 £69319S2 11 1 Ca.. By cash on hand at hesd ofEcd and branches.. .. .. .. .. £EI63,206 2 0 Cash placed at call and at short notice .. 1.2 -l;,20T,523 I1 3 Investments, vi:- Government and guaranteeJ. stocks 59,153 13 6 Other stocks and securities . 23,515 10 3 flisco ted hiPs, notes, an-t tem- porary advances to customaera in town audcountry .. .. .. °433,213 G 6 Advances to cUistoiers on speial sourites.. .29493 iS 1 2,793,612 2 7 Preehold premiseain Lombard-street and Nicholas-laue. freehold and leashuold propery at thc branches, withfixturesandfittinge .. 47,493 0 s Intcrest paid to customers --. .. a 432 is 5 Salarie; and all other expases at head oftio and branches, inclafdng income-tax. . .s 11 8 Pnorrr .TAm) Loss Accou,T-r. 4 11 1 To intrest paid to customers ..£M452 LS Expenses,aJanbove .4,935 11 8 RebateonbilUsnDtdue. &o., ctrriedtoproeftandlosa newaccont .10,17912 7 HLyear'as dieldend at 10 per cent, par annlum .. 24,510 IS o Balanuce caried Sonrard. 10,819 16 7 .124M,98 17 3 By balance broug,ht forward froin liaccount -. 107 19 S Rebate, &c., ditto 12,163 0 0 Gross profit forlall-year. after malting provision for bad and doubtful debts .. .. .. .. .. 22,697 17 ID £124,90 17 3 Subjoined is an abstzact of the report of rTx. Coleman:- " Gentlemen,-I have taken the opportLnity to acquaint -myself with the leading features of the business carried on by yonr company, both as regards tho head establishment in London and the 62 branchos in Middlesex, Essex, Kent Surrev, Sussex, Herifordehire, Bedfordshire, Berkshixe Cambrodgeshare, and Huntin-donshire. I first examired the statements to the 30thof WJLme last, as sent from each branch. These statements Eet forth each several account, particularizing separately every bill discounted, aU loans nade, and the securities held against them, and exhibit very distinctly every item connected with the entire business. T'heyals contain remarks by the branch manager, elucidating the severa transactions in which he has engaged. In addition I have, wihere I have found it necessary, referred to the reports of the Ba-k Inspectors, and by these conmhined documents have been enabled to arrive at a general conclusion as to the nature of the company's businiess, and the mode in whiclh it has been conducted. The limited time afforded me for this examination, and the great number of accounts (appertaining to there branches) anmountingto nearly 20,000, preclude my expressing more than a general opinion, but upon the whole I am satisfied that the basiness is a sonnd one-that it is carried on with judgment, and is likely to continue profitable. In regard to the London establishment, Ihave checked through the whole of the baEancez with your auditors, and certify that the balance-sheet of 30th of June is eorrect in figures, aud exhibits the true balances of the books. In an inqniry3 of the present nature, where so many interests are concerned, it wiould not be proper to particularize any special accounts, or to invade that confidence which is reposed in the manas,ers of a bank; but the notoriety of the connexion of your 'Lank witlh the Westminster Improvement Commissioners and the late John Sadleir, require that I should specially notice those accounts. I have carafully examined into the debts due in connexion with the WVestmrinster Inprovements. The securities held by the bank for advances on these accounts, consist of mor'gaoes of freehold and leasehold propertiee, and, from the vaYKations made by the gentlemen emrloyed for this purpose, it appears that the lauk may fairly expect to realisz from them the amount of these advances. In reference to the debt due from the late John Sadleir, I may state that the original amount has been much reduced, that the realization of secarities is procecding steadily, and I see no reason to doubt that the whol'e wil be discharged in the course of 12 months, with the exception of a sum due on mortgage, wvhich t3 the subject of legal proceedings; on 'he v alidit)- of this it would notbhe properfor mne to offer an opinion. have exatnined the various securitoes, consistinr of Consols, Excheqner-bills, East India anid other stocks, wIisch are taken credit for in the balance-sheet of the 30th of June, and upon the whole am satisfied that they represtent the value taken on that date. The remaining general suen rities I have also looked into, and I am of opition that they are satisfactory. In making these remarks I uilst not ba understood as expressing an opinion that each of the seenrities of every description held by the bank is of the fail value of the sums which they represent, or that all the debts taken will realize the fall amoumts at which they are stated; but, taking the entire of these matters into consideration, I believe that the amount which now stands to the credit of your reserve fund will be a-nply sufficient to neset all contingencies that may arise upon the eventual realization of these assets. There observations will naturaUy force upon you the necessity of considering how far it may be expedient for you to create a further reserve cn your current business. I trust it may not be considered a departure from my strict line of duty to direct you attention to the amount of your paid- up capital, when taken in coQmparison with the enormous extent of your p-esent business operations-operations, I should imagine, far exceeding the most saugneue expectations of any perssols COnnected with your establishment, and operations likely, as far as I can see, to be still further extended. In conclusion, I have to state that, in my opinion, the general business carried on in your vzaious departments, with but few exceplions, is both sound and profitable; the mode in which your hranch returns are made, and the supervision of your inFpectors, is most effective, and when I find that your depositors in the country exceed 6,100, whose deposits, after y;roviding sufficient capital for the whole of the requirenments of the 62 branches, leaves an amount of more than une million and a quarter for profitable employment by the Lead establishment, I feel that the confidence which yoa lave gained forms a most important element in the soundsess and stability of your company.-I amn, &-c. * J. E. COLsE.£tY, Pablic Accountant." The London, Manchester, and Foreien Warehouse Company, the first enterprise sta=red under the Limited Liability Act, have issued their half- early report preparatory to a meeting on the 26th. it states that, notwithstanding numerolus difficulties which had to be encountered at the commencement, sufficient profits have been realized to pay a dividend at the rate of a per cent. per annunm, and to leave 2,0051. to be carried forward. The nominal capital of the company is 50,0001., of which 37,4841. has been paid up. Arrangements are in progrress to register under the New Joint-Stock Companies Act, after w hich an increase of capital will be proposed. At a meeting of the Por' Philhp and Colonial Gold Mmirming Comr.pany, held thin afternoon, Mlr. J. D). Powles presiding,a question wras brought forward with regard to the validity of the proceedin,as on the 20th of February last, bUt the v.ewvs of the objectors wrere not supported.
STATB OF TRADE. MANCHESTER, AUn. 7. The state of thermarketappearsto have undergone no alteration whatever sinee Tuesday, either in cloth or yarns. SeDlers have manifested grext firmeEs in their demaud for an improvemelt even upon tbe estreme rates quoted at the conueocenient of last week, and this has, perhasw, somewhat curtailed operations, as buyers have showvn an inclination to do muro business if some concession were made from the 3dvanced terms now Tequired. The demand is tolerably active in most departmnents of the market, both for homeconsumption and for Ioreigu parts. There has been an improvenment latterly in the inquiry for lonogloths and T- cloths of qualities suitable to the Levant trade. NOTTWGEIA Arsc. 7. The Lace trade is in a healthy state, plair nets especially being in desand. Qoilings are also in fair inquiry. For ther Gfermn market there is a tolerable amoumt of business; doing. The hosiery thade, taking into consideration zhi senson of the year, is in a satisfactory condition, workmem being well emnployed at good wages- 'Very little alteration in the price of yarns.
R,AWAY i!NTE1LfGBATNOB GREAT WESTE.N. It appears that the div,dend to be proposed at lme ensuinghalf-yearly general rneeting of this comT any will be at the rate of 2ip rcent. Der annum, leasing a balance exceoding 6,0001. to be carried over to the nest accounlt. LONDON AN-D NORTE-WESTERTN. The report of the directors of this company congratulates the shareholders upon a considerableincreaze of receipts, without any augmentation in the ordinary worLing expenses. Therolling stock and works of every description have been maintained in full efficiency at the cos't of a evenue, and when it is recollected that the cost of coke and other necessarystores has been greatly enhanded, and that the corapany is now subjectedto the full effect otcompetition at al1 points, both on the east and west, the result of the ollowing statement may be regarded as satisfactory:The receipts during the past half-year for passengers amounted to 742,275?., andfor goods to 748,317SU, as against 709,303. for passengers, and 711,6°91. for goods, show. ing an increase of 32,9674, in the receipts for former, and 341653?. in the latter, the total inciease being 69,6251., nndthe totalreceipts 2.490,622V.,against L420,9971 ix the corrresponding period of 1S55, The working exI lenses amounted for thu past half-year to 597,393., or 40067 and f6r the corresponding period to 600,7191., or 42-27 per Clent. The report then explains that a deed of arbitration respecting the division of traffic which has been refezred to 3Mr. Gladstone had been eealed by. that company, the Midland, the Manchester, Sheffidd, and Lincolnshire, and the Great Northern Railway Companies, and signed by the respective ehairmcn; and, as the award is to be for a term of 14 years, the directors trust that the companies may not ad-sin be subjected to the evils of similar contests, and that they may be enabled to carry on the traffic of their respective districts to the advantage alike of the shareholders and of the public. The claims raised by the North Staffordshire Comp3ny are still undetermined. The arbitration under the Wesb London Act of 1854 has resulted in an award, by MIr. Hatekahaw, that the lessees shall Pay to the proprietorsof the West London Railway, for the use of their line, a sum of 1,800l. per annum, from the 1st of July, 1856, in lien of the undefined and fluctuating payments provided for in the original lease, and which have led to so much litigation. Thearrearsanddanaagesawarded amountto4,1271. efdwhich2,000. are charged in the accountsof the past half year. The bill for the deviation and completion of the Crewe and Shrewslar-y line, and for the necessary powers to provide station accommodation at Shrewsbury and at BoIton, and for other purposes, has received the sanction of Parliament, as also the bill to extend for one year the time allowed for the constructionof the worksof theEHampstead Juncstionline. Five of the six bills affecting the company's interests, introduced in the last session by the North Staffordshire Company, were withdrawn. An act has been obtained bv parties lecaUy interested for the construction of a railway fromn Shrewsbury to a junction with the Oswestry and Newtown Railway, near Welchpool (a distance of about 16 miles) with powers to enter into wvorkirg arrangements with this company. As the con, strrction of this railway would tend materially to aid in developing traffic over the Crewe and Shrewsbury line, the board have under consideration the terms of a working agreement. The Oldhan branch, about four miles in length, connecting the town of Oldham wvith the Huddersfield and Manchester line of this company, was completed and opened for public traffic on the 5th of July. Nearly the whole of the land requisite for the construction of the Crewe and Shrewsbury, Northampton and Market Harborough, St. Aibans', and Hampstead Junction railways. has been purchased, and the contracts for the works have been let on satisfactory terms. The board request anhority from the proprietors to make arrangements, conjointly with the directors of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnhire Company (:-s ioint owners of the Manchester and South Junction Railway), for the working and interchange of traffic on the Warring: tol and Stocleport Company's linb, by which the ten miles of line between Warrington and AItrincham mav he worked in connexion with, and as a continuation of, the South Junction Railway. The committee of the Railway Clearing. house have called upon the company to enlarge the building c oupied by them at a cost of about 6,0001.; for which outlay, however, the company will receive rent equal to intere t at C1 per cent. under the lease. The difectors request a vote of tho proprietors for 19,0001., being the cost of a warehouse at Poplar, now occupied by the company at a r Matl equal to 6 per cent. on the cost; and for additional 1'ni, sidings, and other works at various station- on the line amounting to 10,136M. Tie disposable balance amounts to 578,4621., out of which a dividend is recommended at the rate of 3 per cent. per annum, which will absorb 54,3855., leaving 14 0161. for the n-at account. The dividend for the corresponding period of 15E5 amounted to 535,865., being at the rate of 4. per cent. per annum, leaving a balance of 6,9501. The profits of the half-year exceed those of the corresronding period by 53,405?. 15s. lIld., and the directors are therefore enabled to recommend a dividend at the rate of 5?. per cent. per annum. MLIDLA.KD. It appears that a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum-for the half-year ending the 30th of June is to be declared, leaving 3,W001. over for the next half-year. LONDON AND SOUTH-WESTgRNr. The half-yearly meeting of this company vas held yesterday at the railway station, Waterloo-road; MWr. W. J. Chaplin, ALF., in the chair. Mr. I. Crombie, the secretary, read the minutes of the last ordinary and special meetings, which were confirmed. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in De Tinter, was taken as read. The CmLur-cLx-, in moving the adoption of the report said he hoped it had affordea them satisfactory proof of the excellent position of their undertaking. Their receipts and expenses in respect to traffic were the chief objects to which he would direct their attention. If they looked at the season-ticket department they woulld find an increase over the c'rresponding period of 1855 of 15 per cent. Sach was the improving state of their traffic- that an equallv satisfactory increase was shown in every description of it Out Of the 78 stations at present on their line there were only three of them upon which a decrease was shown during the past half-year, tne aggregate of which did not exceed 1661. At almost every point their traffic showed a progressive increase; whether in a time of peace orswar their traffic seemed to progress alike. With regard to the expenditure, that must be considered Eatisfactoryj and he thought he could not do better than refer to a very useful work on the receipts and expenditure of railways in the united kingdom, compiled by Mr. F. S. Yeats, of the Stock-Exchange, which showed that the working eXpenses on the South-NWestern Railway amounted to a smaller percentage of the gross receipts than any of thle other English railways, with the exception of three. Now, when they considered the nature of the traffic in the South-Western district, that there were no inanufaeturing towns, and that, consequently, the population was not so dense on it as on other railways, he thovght they should be satisfied -with the result of working at a less expense than all the other railvays in England with the exception of three. The auditors bad noticed in their report that the bad debt account had aisappeared, together with a loss of 1,940?. in respect to a bond that had arisen through the dishonesty of two clerks, vho had stolenit, and afterwards were punishedl for the offence. That bond had fallen due during the halfyear, and had been paid out of the revenue. The next matter to -which he wishedi to call attention was a sum of 14,S01., which had been expended in providing additional workingstock; andalso anothersum wvbich had beenexpended on sidings and station accomuodation. These sums had been placed to a suspense account, and awaited their vote before placing them to capitaL Wita regard to the cost of the working stock of a railway he thought it was a fair pscportion to a-ssume that it should amount to one year's reve-ne of a company. So that whatever might be the aimernt of a yeas's revenue from the traffic of a railway company that was a fair smM to allow for the cost of the -n-orkitg stock. Estimating the cost of their plant on that pFinciple, they would perceive that'the company had yet a ,large margin to provide additional working stock. The in- crease of their revenue was very much more than the 14,5aW!. they had been obliged to expend for additional -wor'-2og stckc. In addition to the traffic on their Own lino they had also -worked with-'their present plant a new line of 20 miles from Staines to Reading for the Staines cad Wokingharn Company. He hoped, therefore, that they would cheerfully vote that the expenditure incurred for additional workijng stock be -ch,rgc to capital They had also been obiged to expend -a sum in providing accommodation at their stations and sidings; and of course. with auch an incrc,~as of busn-: they had it vas impossible to carry it U wthoutcr vision; and they must expect additions to capital from time to tIme on those accounts. EIear, hear.) Witlr e- ference to tho unizsued stock the Oirectors were gld the timo had arrived when there was no necessitv to is,ue it at a. diEcnunt. They felt no difficutdy now in offeringitto the proprietors at par, when it was now at a premiul in the market. The calls would be spread over tvwo nears, so tha the poorest of their shareholders could take up the shates. They proposed to convert their debenturo debt into a debenture stock, hearing a guaranteed interest not ex;ceeding 4per cent, per annum. The rate of interest on their debenture debt during the past Eeven years amountcd on the average to 4j1 per cent,per annum. If they saved only:the I per cent. by ihe conversion, that would amouint to 6,000. a-year, as their debt amounted to 2 400,C000. lhe starips, commis-sion, and other expenses for the renewal of the eaonds amounted to about 1,000?. a-year, so that by converting their debenture debt into a debenture stock they wouold save 7,o000?. a-year. He then adverteito the centrsi position of t Watlerloo sfatiois, and various, schemes thatSazi been propoced. for communications to Charing cross and' ether places. TSheje was also one for opening up a line of co3mmunication over the fluo~gerford suspension bridge, wl lihe thoughit worthy theinfdividga eupport of the sharebolders, who by voluntarily subscribing a compara-. | tivelysmallsunmtowards the capital propoeed to be raised i for that purpose by independent pates would confer ,greatbenefit on their casutal invested in the ra;lway. i nrespect of dividend ho c~onsider$d thevwere taking tho lead of- the metropo}itan lines, and they had every prospect of being in a flourishingx condition. Connt Evan acconded the motionK for the adoption of the report. -- ln reply to a question it was stated that the VauxthaU station had been fitted rp temporarily to accom2modate the lecal traffic, but itwas ned advisable not to rebuild it ntil something definite was known with respect to junctions of proposed lines. Mr. Ssow thought that some provision should be made at the stations for the accenodatiou of the increased traffic they had reason to expect. The CimpmsxN said the woiks on the Salisbury and Yeovillinehadbeencommenced, and the contractors for theYeovilandEEeter linewere making preparations to commence the tanneles and heavy works on that line. Thieir Basingstoke and Salibury line would soon be open for trailic, and there were so many inprovements proposed for access to stations and West-end and othe- termini, ho thonght the best thing would be to wait until something defite on a comprehensive scale was decided on by other companies. The Hon. S. PmnRuRoxT waswell satisfied with his position of the company; he had purchased hiss shares at 85, and now they were at 110. Hfe thought they were greatly tndebted to their chairman for the manly and straightforward course he had adopted. It was very mnch the aashion to abuse railway directors, bhLt he did not believe that railwa,s had been managed badly at all. He did not approve the "diamond cut diamond" system adopted by some railway companies in their negotiations -with others, because a more liberal and elightened mode of dealing vwth each other would produce satisfactory results. Mr. Crnaiss called attention to the great exertions of the officers of the h ompany in facilitating the traffic on great ccasions, such an that of the GreatNaval Review at Portsmonth. Ee nndersteod that money had been given to some of their guards and porters for their exertions, but the station-masters and other officers had not been rewaried for what he onsiadered higher services. fr. TarT, hl.P., wvith reference hi the projects alluded to bythe chairman, thought the shareholders had better pauea before they subscribed towards any of the schemes. It wias quite possible that a measure wouild be carried out that would give thems access to Claring_ross without expending anything on the Hurngerford-bridge scheme. That important subject woalld be settled during the next session of Parliament.. No sooner did the company just obtain a good dividend than all sorts of schemes were proposed to spend their money on stations, carriages, and approaches. He believed their railway staff was, on the whole, the hardest worke1d and the worst paid in the contry Mr. Serjeant G,is=4s, a director, said the traffic committee, of vchicn he was a member, had rewarded the men on the line for their extra exertions by a scale submitted by the traffic manager. With regard to the clerks and other officers their salaries had been increased, and there was every desire on the part of the board to do them instice. The Solicitor, in reply to observations by Mr. Wood respecting balances of capital authorized to be raised for various purposes, stated that inthe act of 1855 powers formerly granted for lines not cairied out were repealed, and the company was anthorized to appropriate any halance of capital previously sanctioned for other lines to the gener-al purposes of the company. The capital was now clearly defined by act of Parliament. |MhEr. B:zxAIAT2 made some suggestionls for the improvement of the accounts and the more complete separation of capital from revenue. He also suggested that the resolution recommended by the London and North-Westerm committee of consul'ation, with respect to requiring the assent (.f the shareholders to expenditure on capital account, before bliingincurred;bythe directora,shouldbe adonted bythat company. They would then have no occasion for a suspense account. They were now goingto have good dividends, and he hoped they would abolish the suspense account. ?iir. HITC}LSSn, ILP., contended that it was impossible for the company to foresee such contingencies as those arising from the establishment of the camp at Aldershott. They were compelled to provide sidings and additional working stock immediately, and it wias clear that so long as their traffic increased they could not close their capital nacount. The C} &Rst'LL, in reply to a quaestion, stated that they had expended 240,b721. in extensions of sidings and stations since the opening of the7line, and that would have been a large sum to take ont of their dividends, it being properly chargeable to capital. Resolutions wete passed adoptingthe report and declaring a dividend at the rate of 5A per cent, per annum, subject to income-tax, and payable ons the 15th inst. Tle directors were authorize2 to issue and dispose of the unissued share capital, on certain terms and conditions rateably among the shareholders; also to convert the dobenture debt into a debenture stock entitled to interest not exceeding 4 per cen5. per annum. Resolutions were a-so passed authon' the directors to enter into arrangements for working the traffic on the raihvay between Reading andStaines at cost price; on the Lyinington railway,when completed, at5Oper cent. ofthe receipts; the Blandfordline onfischtermsasmaybeagreedupon; andtheSalisbnry.market branch at cost price, al the arrangements being subject to such modifications and alterations as the directors may deem advantageous to the company. The sum of 3001. was voted towards a provision for the family of a servant of the company who had been accidentaly killed on the line. He was 12 years in the company's service. The sums stated in the suspense account were ordered to be placed to capital and a vote of thanks to the chairman and directors concluded the proceedings. ILEOMLNSTER AND K7IlNGTON. The half-yealy meeting of this company was held at Leominster on Wednesday, Sir Thomas Eastings, C.B., in the chair. The report stated that the directors have used every exertion to allot the shares remaining unissued at the last imeeting on the terms then stated, and their efforts have been successful to the extent of between 9,0001. and 10,0001. The board havo also suggested arrangements under which the contractors express their willingness to receive shares in eia of cash for a further portion of the contract, and, under these circumstances, the board are in a position to direct the contractors to push forward the works in the mos' vigorous manner, so that the opening of the railwVay, and the conse. quent 4 per cent. dividend to the shareholders, may commence at the earliest possible moment. The engineer reports that this may be accomplished within the present year. The calls in arrear have been very much reduced. Loans on debenture have been proffered, and the directors t.-ast they may at the next half-yearly meeting be able to report that the line is completed and at work. On the motion of the CHAuMnsI.N formal resolutions Were passed, and tho meeting separated. STOCKTON AN.D DARLINGTON. The directors' report for the past half-year states that the receipts on revenue account for the half-year have bc n 1355X,I5& against 143,0621. at the corresponding year of 18,5. The disbursements, or working expenses, amnounted to , g51221. The " Tunnel branch" will be opened in the present month; and the interest on its cost has been charged against revenue. The Barnard Castle Railway was opened for public traffic on the Sth of July, and is no; maintained and worked by the Stockton and Darlington Company. The directors are endeavouring, with due economy, to meet the ever-recurring, though varied requirements of a continually-increasing traffic. The new branch, authorized by the act of 1855, to the Stanley ditrict vill open out large coal royalties, and ;ts formation will be undertaken so soon as the necessary preliminary arrangements have been completed. The directors have cailed 21. per share for the currert year on the shares issued undier the act of 1855, and also tvo instalirenta of 21. I0s. each (February 1st and August lst) on the shares under Ehe act of 1854. The amount of authorized capital stands thns :-450,0001. in 5 per cent. preference shares of 251. each, 1,000,0001. in ordinary shares of 251. each-total, 1,450,0001., of which there has been paid up 919,642?, leaving 530,3571. yet to be paid, which, wtith the balance in hand, is to be applied in the liquidation of the loans and for the general purposes of the company. The disposable balance this half-year, after payment of interest (10,8671.), is 59,362z., which is sufficient, after the payment of the o per cent. preference and 0 per cent, dividends on the 'Wear Valley and Redcar shares (leased lines) to continne the dividen. of 0 per cent. on the ordinary shares of the ccmpany. The capital account shows the receipts at 1,508,1301., and the payments 2,405,12017., leaving a lalance of 103.0101. The expenditure onr capital account dwuig the half-year has been 51,8061. MANCHESTER, BUXTO-, MATLOCK, AMD ;MI- LANXD JUNCTION. The half-yearly meeting of this company -was held at Derby on Wednesday, Sir J. Paxton, M.P., re3ided Mr. Wragge (secretary) read the report, which stated that the half-year'srent front the leases, aniountingto 5,266-5s., Avould give the sane dividend as on a former occasionnamely, Is. 4d. per sharefor the half-year, which the directors proposeto make payable on the 16th inst. Tlhe C EIPar1-, in mioving the adoption of the report, said that while they were quietly receiving their guaranteed dividend, they must also be fully aware that in 15 years time they would have to go baclr to what they were forscerly-a line 12 wiles long. It was necessary that some securnty should be arrived at, anId twhat they shoulddo al in their power to support the junctioi vwith the Whaley l~iznc, n odertht i mihtbe arredout with stability. The directors believng) thbatbae Ccomrbna°t,ioof ;in teresits. would bDe to the advant^age of the shareholders, it w as thougt desirable to suApport the London and Nertl -Weite±n, the Midland, and the MNanchester, ShefEield, an~d Linco]nshire line, ie thougght it desirable to give fair facilities te that oistrsct at a fair price; and, as those companies commnanded a distance of 1,300 miies of rails, it would bevwise to be supplied by them. Mr. TooTAL seconded the motion. Mr. ELLIs said he was not the man for promoting new lincr, but he considered it was a part of the country that ought to be filled up. A dividend of Is. 4d. per share was declared; and a vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. MOINKLEAND. The half-yearly mieetin" of this com nany wvas held at Glasgowv on Wednesday, SIr. John Bain ia the chair. Tko report stated that the gross receipts for the six months amounted to 32.4201., exceeding the gross receints of the corresponding half-year of 18.53 by 2,070. The s amount would hQave been considerably in advance of this | umhad it not beeni for an extensive "*strik'e" amorg the miners. her is a'P increase of 9131. S&. 3d. in the expenditure, but this arises fromn several e-tra chaTges having een placed against revenue account in addition to the ordinay expenditure, Your directors uropose that the dividend onrthe consolidated stock ba at the asme rate as last balfyear-viz. G.. per cent, per anm; and that, after ~ayain the dividends en the guaranteed shares, the balance, l~4t3l1. Sa. 4., ho carried to reserve, w hich will make the ilaenc atcreit ,751. Os.3d.TheBoard of 2'!rade-hiav- ingsantioed he peingof he o~nss ndBstbgate brache fu pssnge taffc, rans ornenedrunning tween Airdrie and Datbgate on the 7th of July. The local passenger and goods -traffic between these towns is considerable, and promises a ateady and increasing source of revenue. The rollin stok is kept up in an efficient state. All the new lines aut orized by tne company's Branches Act of 1853 have, been complete(d and the contractors settled' with. About 5,0001. wil be requirea to complete the Bo'ness branch, and a similar sum to complete the Bathgate branches. It is proposed to convert-the debt of the company into 4 percent. annuities. The CnAlP.mLn-x, afterafewvtremarks, moved the adoption of tih report. that a dividend oni the consolidated stock at the- rate of G} per cent. per annum be declared, and that the balance, 1,46LW, be carried to reserve. The motion was seconded and carried. The meeting vwas then made special, and The Cinrwcxs moved that the debenture debt hi3 converted into 4 per cent. annuities, and said he bad no doubt that these annuities wouild be sought after for investment. The motion was agreed to. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. TRAFIC RETUNS. Mes Pas- Mer- TotaL Totas, raiwa. open enge cbandise. 1353. 139. Weekending July 27. EristolandFxeter.. .. 117 7. - . ,50 9 Ea Angian W- - -) 92 so 9 Week ending August 2. Great Southern andWestern (Ireland) ..- .. . - - .2 7,322 .. 7,819 Irih South-Eastern .. 253 1- - . - .- 25L -- SlmarneyJunctlon . . 4 i1 - .. - .. 344 - 31 IimerickandOFoynes .. - 67 . . - Loodnderyand Colerasine 36 285 . 137 423 - -SDI L tdouderryasndE isklen60 442 W. ss3 .. 7s2 .. 675 leorth-Eastern .. .. 703j -. - .. - . . 33,376 -. 35,30. WaterfortndKilkeeny.. 3t . - .. - . . 410 - 316 WaterfirdandLimenick- 27 2. - .. - . -1337 . 1,161 Week ending August 3. Antwerp and rotterdamn.. - .. 740 .. 298 .. 1,038 . 1,035 Chester andHoElyhead 6- - -- - -. - .. 6,522 . 497 D ub 'iandEelfdrt Junction .. - .. - .. 1.163 .. 3,0o;0 Dau'minandfDrogheda .. 63 .-. - .-. - - - 1, 76 1,!43 Dandalk and Enniskillen .. 35 . - . . - .. 436 - 3S las,ancashire' -.. _ 93 .. - .. - .. 6,335 .- 6,134 Eastern Ceunties,-Werfolk, and EasteraUnien 41 7 .. .. - . 26,253 .24,Z55 Edinburgh, Perth, andDn- dee,- and Scottish Central - .. - . . - 7,315 .. 6,769 Great Western ., - . . - .. - .- 31,857 29,6S5 Lancas`Ae and Yorkshiret 20 - -, - .2 .. 23916 -22,S97 Manchester, Shefield, and Lncolnsbiret .. . 173S ., - -. - . . 9.756 8- ..4.S Midland -. 49 - - . - - 30,607 - - 2,3876 MdlandGreat Western tIre- land).- .. - . - .. 3,432 .. S.067 Newport, Abergarenny, and Hereford 1.0-3 .. - .. - - - -. 1013 720 North British .. -. . .. 149 .. 3,330 2,644 -. 5,974 - - 5,s6| Ofcord,Worcester,andWel- verhampton.. .. .. 94 2,432- 1,79 4,221 .. 3,723 ShressbnrrandMirmingham - .. - .. - I - . - lresbumy and Chester .. - . . - . . - .. 3,367 . - 2,331 ShropshireUnion - .. 29 -.. .- - . . 314 , 922 Week ending Aug. 5. DubllnandWicklow .. 34 - .- - .. 2,918 1. 3,84 * The receipts for merchandise insfOc are published after deduet- ely em balance on the Leeds and Livespool Canal lea-e account, t This mont Includes the Liverpool, Crosby, and Southport traffie, Ieh is not in ded in the corresponding period. I Including haf of the Manchester, SouthJunction, andAltrlncham 2 receipts. Grimesby Dock dutiem, and Chesterfeld Clnalrecipts.
THE CORN TRADE. . I,NCIHE3ATF. Aul. 7 V-.th a continutnce of meet brihiaut weather since our ]act report the four trade here hasc been quite paralyzed, s.Mes br.i.g -injost altogether inprafticable, the few that were effectedI being rest trivial inu (-teLt, andat low, irregulAr rates. (late aactoa'eu hr e lkewise m,et a very limited denLild, although offered at lower pip a. Iu other artmicls there bas been no niaterie chat ge. At Liverpool good eup~pies of wheat, Indian corn, and fdlour ane again ben reer;taeed from abtoad. From other sorrces the a2riva's are light. lhere was a etender attendance at our marlket this muoruing, and a west lifeiers feelLng prevailed throughout English wheat was in very rlcu: aUpdy,> aut its value may to mritten Ss. to iCs. per quarter lower, while Amserican declined Is. to Is. 3d. per 7Clb. There wes nothing doing in flour, and we redece our quotations Sn. Per Eack ned 3. per barreL. Oat weree Id. per 451b., and oatmeal Is. per load lower. Etans, hurley, and Inudian cern without change.
LAWV REPORII!. PREROGATIVE COUIRT TnUISDAY. AUGXUST 7. nflIE GOODS OF JOII~ SA D Ip7 ESQ. (.A Fp DF SP. . - (Befor ,Sir Jomz DonSoX.) This was the first careat day after Trinity Term. The Q1iN'S A.DVOCITr said,tha& John Sadleir, late of G!cester-square, Hyde Park, died on the 17th of February, 18 intestate. By an inquisition, taken at Hampstesd on the llth of barch following, it -was found that the deoeaed did feloniously take his own life, and a verdict of fd2O de e -was returned. By reason of such felony the estate and effects of which the deceased was possessed, or to which he was then entitled, or to which he might become entitled, became forfeited to Her Mijesty in right of her Royal prerogative. Her Majesty, by warrant under the Roy,l sign manual bearing date the 2d slt,, and countersigned by two of the Commissioners ofHer Maest's Treasury, had granted al the right, title, and interest whatsoever of Her Majesty in aud to the goods, chattels, and credita of the deceased to Mrr. Anthony NTorris, of Bedford-row, to the intent that he might obtain lettcrs of administration of the goods, chatteu, and credits for the benefit of the creditors and next of Idn of the deceased. He (the Queen?s Advocate) moved the Court to decree administration to Mr. Norris accordingly. The CouRT g ted the application.
AROlS COuIR P Av A -- T THE OFFICE OF TIlE JUDGE PR6MOTD BY JOMXSO- V. WVES'r. OtERTc This was an additional Cort dav after Trinity Teun Uis was a proceeding instituted under the Church Diseipline Act against the Rev. Robert 'West, rector of Pelt, in the county of Sussex, charging hii with drinking to excess, and degrading himself as a clergynian of the church of En"land by undne familiarity -with his servants and others, by %rawlug, quarrelling, and smiting, azd by sweerngafnd sing rofane lang-age.- The case was heard on the 21st of Decemaerlssb,ana reportedin V17wTimnesofthefollowiDg day. The learned Judge suspended Mr. West for two vea- and condemned him in the costs of the proceedings. Against this decision an appeal was instituted by Mr. West to the Judicial Committee; but has since been abandoned. The remission was now brought in, and The CoVaT ordered the sentence to he published on Sur;day next.
COURT of BAKBRUPTCY, B=rqha 1-oret, ugAust 7. lx R1E THOMIAS B2I.LE. {Before Mr. ConatMnonr PNFONAT-ATrTTp I The banlrupt is described as a civil eng:eer and surveyor, of 11, Old Jewry-chamnbers, and Blaciheath. lis accounts extend from January 1, 1855, to May13, 1856. They commence with a deficiency of 1308,and close with the following items:-Unsecnred creditors 1,163!., creditors holding security 21lS1., liabilities 1,709t., property held by secured creditors 1,2651., other assets 75!. 'The amount paid in the form of domestic expenses foi the 16 months is put down. at 1,203t. and the outstanding creditors include:Buckinaster, tailor, 401., butcher 231., draper 121., o¶stfltter 42t., wine merchant 521., greengrocer G7., second wine suerchamt 91., upholsterer 61., second butcher 8S., hosier 31., jeweller 2!., another wine merchant 5W!., gunmaker 15., ironmonger 14!., druggist 2., navy agents (for, advances to bankrupt's son, T. G. *Baillie), army agents 171., fishmonger 41., second druggist 31., milkman 8It, baker 18!, coal merchant 19!., cheesemonger 16!., oilman 2!., mathematical instrument maker 41., rent 21!., second tailor 71., dressmaker 201., carpenter 2!., galvanist 81. Sir P. El. Fleetwood is a creditor for 2861., and the bankrupt is liable to MEr. (Tharles Ferris 9!. for an order which he gavo on account of the Ilanddewibrefi Silver Lead iAing Company. Mr. Robert Hall isa creditor for 6l. on account oi a bi drawn upon the banlkrpt by C. Hliggs. The bankrupt is also liable to the extent of 8551., for bills drawn upon him by William Marden, and 300!. similarly drawn upon him by El. Downmau. The consideration for these hills is stated to have been received by Maden and Downman, and the holders are partlysecured by the St. Andrew and Quebec Land Coin p any shares. Messrs. Stuckey's Banking Company, Bristol ar-e creditors foO 100!. on aecount of one of Maraden's draughts; the Gresba,m Life-office is, a creditor for 1,450!., as secured by various life policies; tbe International Life-office is a similar creditor for 1l6!. The bankrupt takies credit for a claim of 600!. upon Earl Srey on ^accounti of moneys improperly deducted by him vhen Colonial Secretary from the banlrupt's salary as Commissioner and Surveyor-General of 5rownLands in New Brunswick, and a similar claim of 150!. upon r. Edward W. Mdlier, as his late agent in New Brinswick. A claim upon the Lords of the Treasury for arrears of pension as Commissioner of Crown Lands, at 3001. par annum, from October, 1851, is not valued. The profits include 6i00! on aceount of his pension, and 707. as halfpay as Eusign in the 14th Rtegiment, and 25!. as salary as secretary to the Silver Lead iMining Company. Ths as the last ex;amination meetinag. Mr. James supported; lr. Marshall, for the assignees, did not oppose, and the bankrupt passed. Ls RnE T. PYBRE. The bankrupt, a draper, of Grays, Essex, passed bis examination, on accounts showing debts 1,500!., and assets about 750!7 .
SHERIFF'S COUR2T, led Lion-square, A ug. 7. PROCLA'MATIOSS OF' OUrTA\vRv (Beforc Mr. Under.ShcrilBuRo zrx..) At the opening of the Court Mr. Hamp made proclamation of outlawry in the following cases:- Thomas Bulkeley, at the suit of Thomas Knight; W. A. YArcy, at the suit of Henry Florence; John Auldjo, at the suit of A. Flower; Frederick_ Arden, at the suit of George Carew; Charles Wilkins, at the suit of Lawrence Isaac Nathan Frederick Arden, at the suit of Daniel Keane; and IRichard Draper Temnpleman, at the suit of Henry Savage. JURFiUP rNAD OTHERS V. UAM. This was an action for b:each of contract. The defendant was engaged by the plaintiffs to work a silver mine at Pern. He was sent from this country because miners could not be found at Pern, and afterwards deserted from the service. One of the plaintiffs was exsmined, and stated that the compaay had sustained a great loss by the absence of the defendanit. Anotherwtness was of opinion that several hundred pounds had been lost. There had been an expense of S91. incurred in consequence of the breach of contract. The UnDnR-SHsEsnFF told the jury that they were to assess the amount of damages. There was no defense, and they would say what loss had been proved. The iurv assessed the damapes at SPI.
I . MIDDLESEX SESSIOS, 2.rsay, Aug. 7. The sittings of the Court for 'he Augusb General Sessions Tehe resumed this morning at the Guildnall, of estminsteg iy adjournment from Clerkenw e]l, before Mr. Pashley, Q.C., Assistant Judge, and a bsnch of niagistrathes. Theze were 73 prisoners for trial (only ti o less than the numbe ant Clerfendell) 5 of wyhom asere committed u ob felony, and 14 for tisdemeanour. ]5EI55S OF HE COITRT. The sTAFT-JucDoB in the co'rhse of the morning called on an undefended case, and stated that he thonght it eould e twhe more contenient course not to takne any defended case that day, as he was nnable to have a second Court. cur. SLEIlH complained that this course was most inconvenient, inasmuch as t.he csee in which counsel ware engaged were paesed over, and thesndefended cases disaosed of, which put the baraseriously to inconvenience. Hfe would suggest, -with aUl respect to the Court, that counsel should be considered with respect to convenience, as wlle as the prisoners for trial. :Ur. btgrcALsE fully concurred in these observation; and added that the arrangement caused great inconvenience and expense to prosecutors and prisoners who employed counsel, and of course such cases were the mnost importent. The ASSISTA\T-JUDGE said, he could not lhelp it; but it was only an occasional occurrence. MJr. MsrcAawE said, it was almost invariable, and had become intolerable. The AssisTs;rT-JUDGE said, if it were so, the fault certainly was not his. He thought it more conducive to general conveniencee, when but one Court was sitting, that the undefended oases should be disposed of on the Tts day of the sessions, by which course a great number of persons were relieved from attendance. Thero was a difficultv in insuring a second Court, which he-had done and would continue to do all he could to obsiate. It was 'not so when-a learned magistrate of more than 10 years' standing (Mr. Witbamn) regularly attended. but nufortunately severe illness had prevented himn from continuing his attendance. He had done his very best to avoid the continuance of the inconvenience arising therefrom. Alfred John Davis, 27, formerly a corporal in the 2-33 Fusileers, pleaded " Guilty" to an indictment charging him with embezzlingthree sums of money, aniounting to 5Z. ls., received by himn on account of the Great Western Railway Company, his master5. - Mi. Digby was counsel for'the prosecution. The prisoner had been a shorb tinte an assistant-clerk in the booking-office of the railway,.under Mr. Wright, the head of that department. He received the Lnoney in question and decamped. He engaged to go ont as a seaman on a voyage to Algoa-bay, but was taken into custody the day before the chip sailed. The prisoner said he was intoxicated wvhcn he tonk the money, but he had entered the receipt of it in theb ook, whiclh showed lhe had no fraudulent inteutioss. He nade an agreement with the captain he engaged vwith, that he was to receive 101. at the first port they touched at, but the day aiter he ws.taken the ship sailed with the ngrmement and all his clothes on board. He intended to have r efanded the money he had taken *vith the 101., and, in faet, made the agreenient with that view. Mr. SLEIGH said, as the prisoner was not defended, he might say for him that he was informed that iit was correct that the prisoner entered the sums in his book}, .3 fact which tindicated the reverse of a fraudulent intention. The ASSISTAseT-JUDGE said, boead no doubt that accoidlug to law the prisoner was guilty of emnbe-'leenet. r. Collard, the sunlerintentent of the Great Western Railway police, said the prisoner had excellent testimonials .hen he was received into 'the company's serice.. There was ho des to prese the case unduly aga.inst hima,- but hewas the second clerk who absconded ini tho ssmo wveek from tho company, and this case -was proceeded with for the sake of examnle. The AASrsSTAN-TJJ,DGE said, under -all tlbe circumstances he should sentenco the prisoner to-one month's hard IAbDur. Edward Corser, 44, porler, pleaded " Guilty'Wf stealing 170 yards of chintz furniture and other ar'ticlc' the pro. perty of W. Collins and another, his master. The prosecttos loss altogether by -the prisoner'~sp:ferirng was nearupon 103A. - ; t The ANs saIsr-Junoss sentenc.ed him.to 15i mouths' hard' Joseph Tucker, 22, was indicted for stealing Sb coat, the rprtyi Jolu Fasrr in a dwcl injbhousec anid be was c'arged in another count with A previous Convction. Hi pleaded " Guaty." Seageant loem, of the - B division, :Mated -ha ti he pri-. soner-was sentenced in Septembei, 1R51, to 10 years' trans. oirtation by this Court -He was liberated on a ticket of leave or the 5th of ast month, ind onL the 18th he was in custody on this charge. Sentenced to six=yaZrs' penal servitude. Henry Harding, 20, and Richard Yates, 18, were found Guilty of stealing a handkerchief from the person of a man svhose name is mnknown. The prisoners were detected commnitting the theft in Holborn, by Walter Holmes, 50'F division,whointhecaseshe has hadin thisCourthasshown himself a viglant and careful officer. Harding, . reguli thief, was sentenced to. 4 years' penal servitude, and Yates to 6 months' hardalbour. Jeremiah Cronin, 25, wais found Guty of stealing a hand. lierehlief fromn the person of a man skuown. The prisoner had been previously connicted several tiecs-once for steal-. ag abandhsrc'sief from the pcersonof Mr. Bnchanau, the magistrate at th:e Sessions-house, Clerkenweli, for 'which he w las sentenced to a month. - The Court nowr sentenced himn to 4 years? penal servitude. Several complaints have lately been made of the manner in 'which the gaol calendar is made up. iAccording to the calendar the prisoner Cronin was charged with "attempting to place his hand in the coa pocket of a certain maan whose name is unimown, with intent to steal," Ae., whereas in the i3dictment he wa&S charged with actuaI' stealing a hand. kerchief from the man. [We havereceived a lettfer from H. J. Jenninzs, the pros.- cutOr in the case of assault reported in Tihe Times of Tuesday, in which he states that an ob-ervation made by the Assistsant-Jdge,-that "if the defendant (Doggett) had not withdrawn his cross-indictment, and had iailed to obtain a conviction, he would have inflicted a sentence of imprisonment in addition to the fine of 201.," is omitted. This is incorrect. The Assistant-Judge said nothing of the kind. He did intimate, that if the indictments had been prosecuted to the end, prohably both parties would have been rant to pr:son, hut that Doggettliad showngreat good sense and forbearance in abandoninghis prosecution againstJennings, and submiitting to the judgment of the Court on the verdict recorded against him.
Pozr.r GUMs1I;-Ed rd Clake, a comonercisl traveller, was charged wgith embezzling various sumn of money. William Bland said his father was a but-her residing at Woolwich, and on the 28th of July he paid the prisoner . 13s. 63d. ion account of the proSecutors, lesr. Reeves. The prisoner signed the receipt produced in witnes's -sresence for thAt amount. Charlotte Walton said her husband was a butcher at Blackheath, and on fhe S0th of July she paid the prisoner 17. 15s. 6d. on account of Mtessrs. Reeves. He signed the receipt for it in her presence. Joseph Pyne, a draper or Hammersmith, said he paia the prisoner 10s. on account of Mesrs. Reeves on the 2d of July, and obtained from him the receipt which he produced, and which the prisoner signed in his presence. Alfred William Joseph Reeves said he and his brother 'were stationers, carryin- on business in Falcon-square. The prisoner was their trave'ler, and it was his duty to collect money, and. a^eount for it when he came home fronm every jouirney, or, when he received it in town, vhenever he came to the office, which was generaly about once a-week. lIe made up his accounts on the 26th of July, and did not account for the 10s. received from Pyne. Onthe 2d of August witness gave-him a book, in which he had written all the names of the customers the prisoner had to call upon. He took it, and wrote opposite Mir. Bland's name the words, "Next time;" opposite Mr. Walton's name, "Il-from home," and to the names of lfess. Brown, Marshall, and Co., of Manchester, whose necounut was 3l. os., he wrote. "Willremit." This last account he had received on the 17th of July, and should have accounted for on the 26th of Jnly, when he came off hisjourney. The prisoner had never paid over o: account-ed for any oneof thosesums. le was-paid a salary of 15s. par week and a commission. Alderman CaiL,ms then committed him for trial. Bo0W-STREET.-Mr. John Weale, of 59, High Holborn, the well-known. publisher of educational and scientific works, wascharged with assaulting MIr. Henry Young, an author, translator, and teacher of Greek and Latin. The complainant stated that on Monday afternoon he called on Air. Weale on business, one part of which wns to ask for a sum of money which he (complai; ant) conceived to be due to him. MIr. Weale repudiated the claimi, wvhen witness said, " Fie, man I I hope you are not going to desceud to such shuffiing trickery." Defendant struck at hima with his open hand, but witness drew back, so that defendant's fingers only struck him on the cheek and noss. He then came round the counter, and struck witness on the shoulder, saying, "I amn more than a match for you; come on iP Witness left the shop as quickly is a severe attack of erysipelas would allow him. Mr. Weale said he had engaged the complainant to edit certain Latin and G(eek works, but had paid him every farthing due to him on the 18th of July. On lionday last complainant called and made this claim, the justice of wvhich he (Mr. Weale) denied. He then said he would sue defendant. He (defendant) replied, "Do soJ`upon which complainant threatened 'o "epore him." Defendantthen asked why he did not take his legal remedy, and not molest himn, adding. "I w;ish you wrould go to law." -He then ordered complainant out of the house, and, as he refused to lev,nthim out by force. . LL exporessed his opinion that there was clearly an assault, and inflicted a dine of 40s. and coats. Sarah Simpson. -was charged by Policeman 2=3 ? with annoying three gentlemen et!9 o'clock on the previous night bylayinghold of themrby thearm. He didanot knowher. The prisoner's sister entirely contradicted the constable. She had been with the prisoner to make some purchases, and only paused a few minutes in the Strand to consider which was their neareg. way. They had not spoken to any gentlemen. The constable came up and ordered them off saying, "I won't have any of you girls about on my beat." They were naturally incensed at such an imputation, and threatened to take his number. Defendant was the wife of a respectable tradesman, a designer for embroidery. M Er. Hit- said the policeman had no right to take defendent in custody. He could only take up on such a charge known prostitutes and night-walkers. le (Mr. Hall) would not suffer such tyranny as that a coustable should toll mnodest wiomen they should not be on his beat. Defendant must be discharged. 'WgrsruezsTEr.-A few days ago Joseph Norman, a boy 13 or 14 years of age, v.as charged. with stealing a basket of linen -with which he had been sent to Chelsea Hospital, by Mrs. Richards, a laundress, living at 2n, Lower George. street, Chelsea. Although due diligence was exercised by the police, the linen could not be traced; but, the charge being clearly made out against the accused, he wVas com- mitted for tial, and after two or three da5s' imprisonmentl informled the prosecutrix that he had sold her basket of linen at the shop of a marine storedealer, named Maria Jobb ing, at b7, Ecueston-place, for is. The laundress, who is an extremely poor woman, came before the magistrate and informed him of wvhat had occurred, at the same time stating that she had received a bill from the owner of the linen claiming between 51. and G!. for its value. The Police subsequently accompanied ire. Richards to the marine storedealer's in question, vhen the latter was taken into custody and yesterday placed at the bar. !dr. Tansta)l, an inspector of the B division, said that none of the linen the subject of the previous prosecution had been found, and he was grieved to state that the poor prosecutrix, as she was about to enter her own house, after leaving the police-station, slipped down and fractured her leg so frightEully that it was obliged immediately to be amputtated, and that she now remained in the hospital in a very cr.tical condition. The prisoner nOw appeared before the magistrate in coosequence of a great amount of property, supposed to have been. stolen, being found in her shop which she was unable to give anything 1ike a satisfactory acc.ount of. William Fells, 279 A, stated that in searching the prisoner's house, wvith her consent, for Mrs. Richarcs's linen, wvhich was not there, he found a piece of mew print, some towels, a "teat many plated spoons, a box. containing all sorts of old silver ornaments, and other miscellaneous property. When he found the gown print she said it belonged to a lodger whom, ohe pointed out, but that lodger positively denied all knowledge of it. He next discovered two epair of ladies' new boots, when she said she had bought them two or three days previously, at Ss. /;d. per pair, at the shop of ar.Hird, Arabella-row, Pimlico, whosenaue witness had disezovered in them. Tlree cardsof black lace, supposedto he the produce of a recent burglary, -were armong the articles found, and, although witness asked her more than once how she obtained them, she gave-him no answer. The boots and a towel had been since identified. Prisoner admitted that she had a great inany things brbught there which she purchased frown people she knew nothing about. Mr. Hird, of 8, Aabella-row, proved that the hoots had zot been bought at his shop on the day sta.ted by the prisoner. One pair won wvorth nearly double the muoney she alleged she gave for themn. Be might be able to give farther evidence uponl the matter on a fulture occasion. The prisoner wons remanded till Thursday. Mr. alSOnI intimDated his intention of giving the poor laundress some temporarv assistance from the poor-box, and directed a constable to ma ke some inquiry about her. WVOr,Sana-s PREt.-lesrs. VWilliam and Thomas Carter, father and son, builders and ulasterers at Old Ford, Bow, were chargeed before MTr. Coaneax with- thle following assault Edmond Yowvett, or Hewe t' execution bh:liff of the Bow County Court, stated that in consequence of an action for debt having been brought in that courb against one Elenry Dent, of Old Ford, upon which judgnment bad been given and execution granted, he on the preceding afiernoon went to his house, in company of two others, to levy execution, but dd not see the defendant in the action. W-tness's rn- were about to remove a ladder, as part of the distress, when the- elder defendant norw presentb claimed it as his pronerty, and refused to let them take ib away. Witness pirsisted, and Villiam Carter held it, and struck witness with his f;st on the neck. They thereupon took him iato custody, on wbich tho son Thomas came-no. and struck one of the men, who then told hibu he should iake hin in charge too. The son then tried to strike the man wih a bedpost, but the other man prevented him - and the defendant. after being struck on the head-with a' staf-, was ultimatel5 taken into custody. Cross-examined by Mr. Vann, for the defendants.-The ladder was in a yard behind .r. Dent's premises, bat I don't know whether it was Dent's ladder. The end of the staff-the crown end jobbed the defendant in the face. ,nea± the eye, and mnade him bleed pro.us-5y. -I amn nob sworn inas a police-constable. I locked the elder defendant np ian a room, and kept b m' there thr&.' quarters of an hour. I left 1 is son -with mny man; he go' away, and I arresled hins again. I had seized the father b for-e the son in-, tezrfered. James Horsford, assistant to last witness-After execation had been levied the yoanger defendant claimed the ladder as beloiwlim to Mis father, who then came up ard cleimed it aiso. htold him: should aaoeit- back if it belonged to him. Both defendants got hold of the ladder and the-younger *trnekme with has fist. , -' s Cross-examined.-I saw no onetrike the ~ounger-de.- ndsan' thoug,h his face had certainly blood upon it. I don:'txincIt- °b± Lny .hwn kowledge ivhihc3 aze Doe, s -pre- msises. We did not -take the ladder; at -lot, we put it lack again oer Some- paliag; it was not worth ;isarc . lEr. BfenU hter, xgeAt3eman connecidwitfitSre Coun -Cour,sLid,- On he-ag-of Ithis inatter I haDti}db;th scene. The elder defendant said the ladder was his property, sad he felt himslf justifed in taking possesion .o it. - I said we -were only solingupon uthority we had ,e, iceivea. Cros-exaanined.-The men rwho went to levy are Qf of the County Court at Bow... We act under the Wth and. lOth of Victori, aMd hano4authority besides that to lock 'defenduct upin aroom. Nr. Vann.-This is a moit sh eful interference with ,the liberty of the subiect, which is not to be tolerated. Tbe adefendant's property is taken away from premises which are not even, those of 3rr. Ient,lb,t of a lir. ligg, ag- I shall prove,-andio whom thedefendant hadlent 'hisladder; the o,mger iefendant is se,erely injured with the hras -headof a staf :sadtho elder one looked up in a roomfor. nearly an hour. The complainants are not peace officers, had no warrant -whatever to nect is they have, and, as a forth~ pooftht teyknew they hadactedillegally, Iwouldl adduer cothe fact- otheir taking tuie property ack again; no doubt, sdter wrell thinking upon their own conduct. : Benpain Dudley, A labourr, deposed to the ladder beira on the premi.ses of Mfr. Bgg, Which closely adjoin those o. Mr. Dent, and Mr. R;gg himself deposed to the same. - 1fr. COB};rE:-And rJI this confusion has arisen about a. ladder, which isnowt admitted to be worthless. It Certainly does appear to methat the officer have exceeded their duty, for they not only seize one main's goods instead of thoseof' another, bnt even, while the property is upon the grond o a third person. vi 3o h rudo Mr. Ilater.-In t<hese matters, Sir, we have often - very difficult duty to perform. rL. COUS&.-Doubtlers yi have ; and there is there_fore the greater reason you shuld be careful how that dauty isperformed. The officers of a County Court should; no doubt, be protected in the execation of their duty, but I zepeat that they-should be moLt careful how they do executa it. I shall discharge the defendlants, and leave them to thei civil remedy, if they choo,nto sek it. fr. Ilater.-We -were obliged to lockthe defendant in a room to keep charge oE him. r. Ya-nn.-Yes; and we shall certainly niake you payfor so doing.: CLEPR-MvMML-Mr. George Richard Westcott, land lord of the Hunter's Arms pibliohouso, Compton-stree, Brunswick-square, St. Paneran. appeared in answer to a. summons charginghin with selling a deleterious liqid as and for gin. Mr. arry appeared forfThe prosecution, and mr. chuld; of the frm of Wire and Child, for the defence. Mr. Hoary, in opening the case, said it V,as5 one of ths great.est imnportance, not only to the ublic, butto the hibhly respectable trade of which 'the del'endant was amember. He charged the defendant withselling poison for gin, and so bad was It that if the whole of what the defendant had sent had been tiken bv his dient she would andoubtedly' have been poisoned. ..s it was she was very ill for some iime afterwards and the medical man stated that she ha& had a s ery narrow esca,e. eHe should salt that the ce bo sent to a higher tasbunal for'- decision, for it' wag laid down in the case cf "M lacrthy . v. Forda boror.gh." reported in 2 Base's 1laneS of theCozc; - pageo 23 ,that that which might have been a nisfeas ance with a private individual may be indictable against an. hotel and tavernekeeper. I, the case above cited it wvas stat.ed that the supplying of wines not gooa was an indictable offence. Now, here he should prove that gross criminal neglect had been comm2tted by the defendant, and if he-didi that he had little doubt but that the magistrdte would sen.i the case before a jury. The learned coumsel in the course of his opening address cited Stepheisz' and Blacksfoi&es 0ns-. seneatarics, vol. 4, p. 364. and Hair-kizn- Plesa of thc Crowza, 2S9, to show that the -offence imputed to the defenlant was an indictable offence. In conclusion, ho called John Walker, who deposed as follovs :-I am a porter, ' and reside at 18, Compton-street, Brunswick-squ-rie, in the sanch house as the ^omplainant. On Sunday, -'he 6th of! July, at about a quarter toLl at night the complainant; (Mrs. Brodie) asked me to fetch her a half-quartern of gin I went to tbe Hunter's Arms for it. I had no bottle, andc asked the defendant to lend me one. When I aslked-him ' for abottlehe took one froni -behind the bar, and autit' under what I supposed to be the gin tap. It wvas ndar-- coloured bottle, and less than as half-pirt. I sbould' no-' think it was gin, but I should sax it was poison. Be made, no use of a measure. I took the bottle from him, and too4X it to lmrs Broaie. The bottle was iuite full, and when 1- gave it to her she remarked that it was avery ful half,quartern. She was not drunk, but was warm at the time. A short time after I gave the bottle to Irs. Brodie sba took it -up to her bedroom, but within a few minutes after-wards she came doAn stairs, and said she had been poisoned. :She mixed it with cold tea, bet she did not tell ie what was in it. All the people in the house tasted ihe-poisonb and had their teeth loosened. My teeth were very loose. - Mr. Mary AnilBrodie, examined by Mr. Horrr.-I amr married. On the night in question, at a little before 11, I sent the previous witness to the house of the defendaint fox: half a quartern of gin. He weent as I directed him, and re4 turned in about three minutes, when he gave me a bottle." I put part of its contents in some tea which I had in my bedroom. When I drank part of it my throat aspeared cia fire, and I began to voniit, I havimgonly drunk part of a,. tumibler of cold itea with a portion of tle gin in it. I wenU down stairs and told the previDns witness that he hade brought nme poison instead of gin. I went half dress,d, rang the 3night bell, and saw Mr. Hopton, the srgeon. I wag i. for four days-before after taking this stpiff. Cros-examined.-I got up early-that is, about 3 o'clockin themorning. When the def eindant came and saw ae hie said ,t was the greatest bles-ing io the world that I had nut talken the wholeof the stnffi Ee- said ho was very sorry,. that he was willing to pay my medical man, and that; I was not to want for anything. The defendant sent me > bottle of wine, and offered to pay my expenses. I kept the wine for some hounrs and then sent it back. I had not previously seen my solicitor. The fact was that I Was £rightened to tal;e it. I never get drnk, although I take O nproved that the cnDmlainan' came to" him, and tha^t she w as very ilL. A chyiist w,ho analysed the remains of the stuff in ibebottle saidit was tartari2ed emnetic. Ihere was no spiri Mlr. TyaWMrT at first thought it probable that the de.' fendant (the pubhcan) when asked for gin ard to lend a bottle toput it in reached one fromA a Aelf in the bar, and vithout discovering it to contain aunthin¢, much less -tartarized antimony, at once procteded to fil it from ane of. his taps. But it had been sworn that he never measured the liquor thus put in the bottle, and the chymist did not discover any spirit inx the reside le.ft in it. Considering also that the peculiar liability oi tavern-k-eepers an-d vic- tnallers under the old acits of HXenry Jil and E3dward tL' had been recognised in 1847 in "Barnb9 '7. olle'tt" (16th AtrCcsoe anti lFcZsbp's Exkcnc &pee-t, he ahoud seadtthe case for triaL. The defendant wvould therefore have to enter into recogniees to apper a nd answer the charge at the Central Criminal Court. Son 'vsatk.-John Stacey, a beershop-aeeper, ofNo -' 4, Little Torrington-street, Torringtonusquare, and Nilliam Simpson, alias George Flatman, both -well known on the, turf, were brought before Mr. Co3Bn for further exam;na. tion, charged with uttering a forged 51. Bank of Englani. note at the booking-office of the Brighton Ehilway, Londonc bridge terminuRs. MIr. Solomon appeared for thle accused. It appeared from the evidence of St.ephen Richrld -ojasi, abooking-lernk cn the employ uf the Brighton ailwy Company, tnat on Wednesday monaiong, 'the lOth nlt., jont7 ns a train was2 about to start for f,ood°vood lhances, th;e pri. soners prssented themaselves at the pay-omfice and asked fog - two tick-ets for Chichester. Witess geve ther tie ticket when Stacey handed him a ol.-note to take for them. Ha gave hima in change four soverei;nS and the remainder iasilver, when they ran on the platform and entered rne oft! the carriages as the train was leaving. Shortly after they were gone vitness had aome suspicion as to the note, whicla he took to the secretary's office, and afterwards 'to the Rank of England, vhere it was examined and Dronounced to be a. - forgery. On his return to the statioraiitness comrnunicated with Inspector Carpenter, who telegraphed tc Brighton, an d the prisoners vwere detained. Inspector Carpenter, B division, an officer employed bythe railway company, said that as soon as he heard of the circumstances he telegraphed to Brighton for the prisoners tobe detained, And then he proceeded, in comnany with Richards, a detective officer, by the next train, and tonkthe prisoners before the magistrate at Brighton, wbo took - the depositions, - and, findino that the offence vms committed in Sonthwark, he sent them to this court for further exsamnination. Stacey said that lie did nio kunow that the note was bad; he took it from a servant girl in his neighbourhood, and shoild be able to produce her. Simpson said he knew nothing of the note; he was a lodger oE Stacey's,andc waproceeding withlhin to Goodvwood. Carpenter . further added that ha bud made inquiries about Stacey, and found hint to he a respectable man, andt he had no doubt his story vas true. As for Simpson, l-e knew nothing of him. Mv. COMrE asked whether Stacey had found the servant from whom he took thenote? Mr.. Solomon replied that lie had not, bu' he was nsing every endeavour to do so. HA was avery respectable man having lived for 20 vears in the servioe of a wealthy stoc4-. 'bolker, froni whoom he could get a fiTt-rate character. Mr. ComssEE after communicating with InLspector Car. penter, said that,, nDaer all the circnmstnzCes, be shoulea remeand them until the 10th, to give Stacey an opportnlity of finding the Se2vant; but, at the requnest of Mr. SOlOmI30D ho liberated them upon entering into their own recogi.. sances to appear that day. - Lxasmxva-r-lor several days past muc'h of the tinie oft the sitting magistrates at this co~urt has been otanpied irt learing and determining cases arisingf out of the efforts ora the p art of the police stationedl 'in the Waterloo-road'anct the N ew- cut to pro,ect thoepeais6ns belonging to tbe Crimean. 1and Transprt Corps-who have recently 'retiarred home~l" from the "lad -sharks," both -maale cud' -female, vho- seekev-ery opportunity, of plundering theni of their hard-earned Trssot trps recently returned franm the Crimea to"b~ foundius the vicinity of the TictorialTheatre thian in anmy. other part of the metropolis, wahile, at the samne timnej thieoe are -but fewv places where there is a g~reater! numnber of low prostitut-es and expet thie'ves to take advantagg oLl t'heir' inebriety or weakess -tomplunder them. of every' shilling t-hey-possessed, The policc& have theref&e had a. luast difficult task. to protect 'them from being plunderedty - persbus noon -who the viash their 'oney inthe-way-c.ftrea ting, &*c. Yesterday three womigi and 5r asan -wrer- charged with attempting -to 5rob 'sh>- nesa,- and i. passing sentenieon' themi Mr. ,1,oikm- -remarkeda th'ativ: 'was mucih to b~ regretted that 'these ~or ma&n. wi-o ~51 viItd theirlives an1 eatniin a ewpund; ccould>not talse, faetter care ofit. tha ti-tltoflaUvizhi geit AuponFome zf-tho mostal dneacwatls--o~om y4 -:Margare' PhfiipexndaM&ry Ann ely w -~e.c youg' -oKomen, -buat, expert thievsvaa 4w ereomanttefbdto -
JLMTARY GtM NAVAL. INTRjMGBXNGE. We ei'uvo it is at present intended (says the Maolz) that | th-e troops to be permanently encamped at Aldershott w;.; conidfist of a brigade of cavalry of four regiments, and Vti divisions of infantry, eachrlid¢ up of tro brigades of -joree battalions The first division, ss at present inteaide, will comprise three battalions of the Gaards (lst of tke Grena. diers, 2d of the Coldstreamus, and 2d of the. bcots Fusileers), in one brigade, under Major-GeneraL J. N. Cra.u fuld; and the three batt3ions of the BWle ade in another, under the commandof Colonel lawmnce, the seniorregimnentalofficer, who will bave the renk-of Da-jor-General. This division-will, we believe, be comrsandedby Lord Rlokeby, wvho had the first division of tlh (ri'meatn army under his direeric. TLe uecond divias,. w.il consist of six battalions of tb's line, of which the 7th and X11; Fusileers, the 88th Cennaught Ran6ers, end, wea believe, the 19;th aud 33d Regi. ments will form a portion. Sir James Yorke Scarlett will wommand the cavearly. With Artillery and Land Trans. mt5 tne total ntumber of men on the ground will generally be about 14,(40. Sir Celin Campbell's command at Shorn :liTe will comprisethree rgiments of cavalry and aix battaliens of infantry. The Enniskillen Dragoons, with the 41st -and 44th, and the 42d, 79th, and 934 Highlanders, wiU bo- among the corps encamped there. In Dublin there will be a cavalry -brigade of four regiments, and six in. faiitry Tegiments in two brigades. At the Curragh the force will be of similar strength. Fermoy, we believe, is destined to ba tne principal miuitary station in the south of Ireland; but we do not har wvhat precise arrangements are set made respecting the forces to be qUartered there. In the four pricipal comps above enumerated accommodation will be provided for 30 battalions of infantry out of the 41 constituting the home establishment, and for 15 of the 22 regiments of cavalry not employed in India. The steam-transport Simla, one of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company's matchless flotilla, No. 118, Captain T. S. Russell, arrived at Spithead on Wednesday from the East. She left Scatax-i on the 2ath ult., at 410 a.m., and arrived at Malta on the 28th, at 8 30 n.m., and left the same day at 430 p.m. for Spithead. She brings the following officers and troops .-Major Gardiner, lieutenants Stirling, Tillard, and Blackburn; AssistantSurgeon Vess, Veterinary Surgeon kelly, 173 troops, and 170horses of the Royal Horse Artillery. Also Captain Sayer, Lieutenants Mitchell and Gnnter, Assistant-Surgeon Andrews, Veterinary Surgeon Delany, 75 men, and 57 horses of the 1st (King's) Dragoon Guards. Also Captain Sir William Russell, of the 7th Hussars; the R1ev. Mr. Hamilton, chaplain; Captain Spring, 12 men of the 44th Regiment, Dcputy-Commissary-General Routh and servant, Assistant-Commissary-General Sale, Deputy-Assistant-Corn. missary-Gonerals Irvine, Primrose, and Petrie; Purveyor Sucker, Mrs. Sucker, and servant; Purveyors Fitzgerald and Toaller; Purveyor's Clerk Vickery, Captain Neatley, R.N., Miss Erskine asid Miss Veasy, lady nurses from Therapia Hospital; Dr. and Mrs. Dalby and child, two nurses frons Therapia, Captain and Mrs. Holder, Postmasters Amgell and Li3son, Postmaster Bidwell, Lieutenant Macnamara and servant, As'istant-Commissariat Stoxekeepers Mear and Clark, John Cairns, Waroffice Clerks Haslett, Wilkinson, Wyatt, Pitts, Pehcocke, Greathead, and Townsend, Commander William Hoseason, I.N., Admiralty agent, seven deck passengers, six cavalry troops, seven horses of officers not on board, &ac.; total, 43 first-class, 5 second- class, 8 Europeans, 1 child, 273 men, and 237 horses. On her homeward voyage the Simla passed (July 25) thesteam-transport Albatross oE Gallinoli, towing a gun. boat tothe westward; on the same day passed the transDort Pedestrian at anchoroff thetown of Dardanelles; on the 26th exchanged colonrs with Her Majesty's ship M3agicienne off Cape Iatapan, steering to the east ward; on the 27th passed the steam-transport Cormorant in lat. 36 7 N., long. 19 14 E., steering westward; on the 29th passed the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Indus, steering to the eastward, in lat. 37 11 1T., long. 31130 E.; also Her Majesty's ship Algiers, standing to the westward off Cape Bon; August 2, exchanged colours -with the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Sultan and the screw ship Araxes, in lat. 37 36N., long. 9 14 W., steeringto the southward, and Her Majesty's ship Bulldog, in lat. 38 12 N., long. 926W., steering to the southward ; August 6, passed Her Majesty's ship Salamander, sixr miles off the Needles. The Robert Lowe steanm-transport arrived at Spithead from Plymouth on Wednesday. The Perseverance steam-transport, Commander 31Do. nald, I.N., arrived atSpitheadonWednesdayfrom the East. She left Malta on the 26th nIt. with the following passengers, ac., embarked at Constantinople .-Deputy Ordnance Storekeeper Munroe, Lieutenants J. D. Lee, the Hon. C. C. Cbet*ynd, C. A. F. Creagh, C. F. Young, C. J. East, and T.. S. B. Eden, of the 50th Regiment; Lieutenants N. F. H. Skinner, P. J. DiCison, H. D. marsh, .and W. C. Seton, and Assistant-Surgeon G. F. Poulden, of the S2d Regiment; Lieutenants Porlden, Bolton, and Surplice, of the 56th Regiment; Ensign Taylor, of the o6th; Ensign lidall, of the 50th; Staff-Surgeon Macpherson, AssistantSurgeon J. Becher; Dispensers Masterman, Philpott, and Thomas,; Apothecary F. Fernandez, Depaty-AssistantCoDnmissary-General Moore, Purveyor J. Morris, J. Beres. ford, Acting Assistant-Surgeon, 132 invalids, 200 of the Medical Staff Corps, &c., Dr. Buteher, and 43 invalids of the British Swiss Legion. The Clyde steam-transport, Mo. 145, arrived at Spithead on Wednesday from the East, bringing Captain Taswell, of the Royal Horse Artillery, Captain M'Meil, Lieutenants Spey, Watson. and Bridge, Cornets Aplin, De Lancy, God. frey, Burslem, and Hepburn, Asistant-Surgeon Harris, of the Land Transport Corps, Dispenser of Medicines James M'Tulak, of the 72d Highlanders, IMessrs. D. Campbell, Munro, Stone, and Mann, of the Railway Departmenkt, Messrs. Sams, Doyle, Manley, and Jewell and Hurst, Commsnsariat clerks; Purveyor's Clerk Housdale, Medical Clerk Moble,-total, 539 in all. Her Majesty's corvette Brilliant, 20, Captain Paynter, arrived at Spithead on Wednesday from the eastward. Her Majesty's steam sloop Salamander, 6, Commander Mecham, arrived at Spithead on Wednesday morning, as did the Alacrity, 4, Commander Majendie, Sparrowhawk, 4, Commander Cresswell, Cormorant, 4, Commander Bowden, and Wanderer, 4, Commander Lute (despatch gunvessels), from a cruise to the westward. The Blenheim Indiaman, Captain J. F. Atkinson, f.r Calcutta, arrived at Spithead last evening. The headq(uarters of the 6th Dragoon Guards (Carabineers) proceed to India in this ship; the rest of the regiment will take passage in the Sntlej and Agamemnon. The detachment onboard the Blenheim is under the command of Major Custance. The other officers who accompany it are-Captain Dixon, Lieutenant Cunlife, L.eutenant Bruce, Cornet Studdart, Cornet Sells, Cornet Doering, Surgeon Mdouline, Cormet and Ridingmaster Llewellyn,Quartermaster Francis. Cornet and Adjutant Graham, Paymaster Sewell, and Vete, rimary Surgeon OulCs. The Blenheim will sail for Calcutta as soon as Captain Atkinson and the rest of the passengers arrive from London. Her 3Mjesty's steam sloop Argus, 6, Commander Purvis, left Spithead yesterday afternoon to be paid off. Wednesday being the anniversary of the birth of his Royal Highness Prince Alfred, and the Court being wvithin the precincts of the port, a general Royal salute was fired by the ships at Spithead at noon, in honour of the day. In the evening the QuLeen and Royal family took a cruise through Spithead, and received another general salute and the cheers of the troops in the Simla and the other transports at Spithead. The steam-transport W. S. Lindsay, No. 98, from Scutari .and Malta, arrived at Spithead yesterday, with Captain - Si-borne, N.E., Lientenant Marindin, L.E., Veterinary Surgeo6 Murray (attached), Assistant-SuareonBradshawe, of the. 50th, in medical charge, 75 noon-commissoned officers ann,men, 5 armourers, and 56 horses of the Royal Engineers Moanted Field Equipment; Deputy-A-sistant-CommissaryGene=als Barlee and Thompson; -Messrs. Harrison, Robinson, and Talbot, Commissariat Clerks; and Purveyor's gCIerki5bylor. lb our.report of the arrival of the stemnships Pacific and Am Ir.44a at Portsmouth on Tuesday the following was omibfed=-The Pacific towed the Australian, of 1,600 tons (which h. &'roken her shaft), from Malta in the short space of 15 days. -Xhe Pacific left Balaklava on the 12th ult., 'With thebark-,Echunga in tow, batparted her rope next day in a Zale; leSt Constantinople July 15, Malta 20th, Gibraltsr 2Sth, nndD Vigo Bay 1st inst. This fine .ecseal has only been absent fraz Eng,land three months, and in that time has made four zo5yages between the Crimea and Genoa and3kalta,carrying s5early 4,000 troop, besides a number of horses and stores. .-Her runs between Congtantilgple and M"alta are said to have anveraged only 3 days, and that under easy steam. We are furtMer informed that the Government is so satisfied with her pe3f,armamnes that she is retained in the iranspozt service pro &.M. The Clyde and Chasseur le.t Portsmouth on Wedndy evening for the eatward. The Alban, 3, Lieutenant De Bacquiere, arrived at Ports. mouth yesterday forencon with guigernuraeraries. The Odin.steam.frigate, 16, Ca tain 'WilIcox,-C.B,was paid off yesterday at Portsmouth. The padd"Iwheel sloop Fur, 6, wag ommnZesioned yestrdayat Portsmoutb, for Commander C. T. le^k.e., The Pitt, 72, coal-dept, was towTed over to the SIiotherba3k yestereay afternoon, from Portsmouth harboue, to mrvos 3 itationamy coal depot, to obviate the necessity 3!Or vessel running into Pvrtsmouth fur a supply., - TJa SralT2fjUdr, G, i-fltIeoop, OnnneaB 7 ;epgrnl, ., ve4t. euof harbour yesterday afternson and anchoied a. Spthead. , The Majestic, 81, Captain Hope, was to sail last eve.1fl or this morning early, for the MediterraDean; and ie | Brilliant, 20, Captaiu Paynter, for the West India station; both taking supernumeraries for the re qective squadrons. Yesterday morning the offioegis aad me'n of the Chathan division of Royal Marines 1ight Infantry were assembled on the pa ade-gro imd at JtLathamn for the purpose of witnessing the presentation of . medal, with a gratnity of 15Z, which had been aeazared by the Lords of the Admiralty to Clour-Serget James Hewin, Royal Marines, for long aud meritorios service. Colonel B. A. Parker, second commandant, who presented.the medal, expressed the gratification it afforded him, and euloqi&ed the charactr of Colour Sergeant Hewin, whose conduct since he has been in. the corps has been most exemplary, and especial3y during the period ha was serving on board Her Majesty's ahip Modeste. The sailing-transport George Rodgers, No. 203 C, arrived at Woolwich on Wednresay night, having on board 427 .officers and privates of the Royal Osmanli Horse ArtiUlory and a number of field batteries from the East. A telegraphic message from the War-office was received the same evening givng strict injanctions that no one should be per. mittedto land until the receipt of further orders, when it is supposed the regiment willbepaid offanddisembodied. The sailing-tansport Sir Charles Forbes, C T 22, with artillery stores, has likewise arrived at Woolwiclh from Bala3lava. Messrs. Lucas, Brothers, have concluded a cautract with Government for the erection of a brick wall 151 feet in height, and two miles in extent, which is to enclose and connect the newly-acquired premises in Woolwich-marsh with the Arsenal. A bridge is to be thrown across the canal vwhich has hitherto separated the boundaries of the Arsenal and the Engineering and Artillery-ground, now about to be consolidated wpith the Arsenal, on which a number of offices are in course of erection. The shell-foundry is nearly completed, and the pulp and paper mill has received the whole of its machinery, whicn has nndergone a sn'ccession of trials, and will commence operations early next week. Many of the old buildings therein have been completely renovated, and great additions have been made tbroughout the entire circuit, so that the general aspect of the Arsenal is now that of a thoroughly new establishment on a liberal and extensive scale. TNe works are being pushed forward with great diligence, many of the contractors' man workling overhours. The following appointments were made at the Admiralty yesterday:--Captam nR. S. Hewvlett, c., to the Cambridge, and Captain E. P. Halnted, to the Edinburgh; Commander Joseph Edge, to the Brunswick, and Commander Henry Lloyd, to the Edinburgh; Lieutenant J. T. ,L Wibboll and Lieatenant William Arthur, to :he Cambridge; B. 0. L. Madden, Mid'hipman, to the Royai aIber' John Chapman, Nav.l Cadet, to the Cnaar Edvward T. Mortimer, Acting Astistant-Surgeon, to the Forthl; AL B. Archer, Assistant-Surgeon, to the Illustrious; M. W. Cowan, Assistant-Surgeon, to the Colossus - Nicholas Moysey, Acting Surgeon., to the ury ; Daniel Oonnor, Acting Surgeon, to the Cruiser; *iles ht. Marath, Acting Surgeon, to the [nilexible; and Thomas J. T. Wood, Assistant-Clerk, to the Highfiyer.
IRELAND. (O0M 0OUR OWN- CORIZSPONDENT.1 F.UAL RAILWAY COLLLSION. D1JBLMIR TRnTPrznAv h.navv A collision took place yesterday morning on the Belfast Junction line of railway, between the down goods train, which started from Dundalk at 5 a.m., and the ballast engine and waggon which were working on the line at Wellington Inn, about five miles from NeNry. The accident-fortunately of rare occurrence in the management of Irish railways -was attended with the loss of one life and serious injury to three men in the employment of the coinpany. The following are the only particulars which have yet come to hand, but a later account adds that a coroner's jury has found a verdict of manslaughter against James Tipping, the enginp-driver of the ballast train:- " Yesterday morning, at a very early hour. a fatal accident occurred upon the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway, by which one lad was Idlled alrmost instantaneously and three men were severely injured. The down goods train left Dundalk, as nsnal, at 6 a.m., and proceeded without interruption to a point 1 miles distant fron its place of departure, and about four miles on the Dublin sido of Newry, where it encountered a locomotive and ballast waggon, which were collecting the workmen along the ine. The goods train was going down hill 'with considerable velocity, and the ballast engine was coming in the other direction, likewise at great speed, being then running for a siding, to get out; of the way of this very trainthere 'eing but a single line of rails at this point. The ballast truck, or lorry, *pon which fortunately but four men had then assembled, was in front of its own engine, and was consequently crushed between the two advancing locomotives, although these, -with their respective drivers and stokers, sustained but little injury. The poor wvorkmen, howevez, were thrown off in every direction, and the lad that was killed, wbo was about 17 years of age, was almost ent in pieces; another of the party sustained concussion of thebrain, and the medical men deemed it prudent not to allow of his being removed to any distance; he was therefore taken to an adjacent farm-house, and with his surviving feUow-sufferers received every attention which their state required. The latter were, by their ov-n request, removed in a special train totheirhomes at Poyntz Pass. Mr. Bowen, the secretary, was promptly in attendance, having been acquainted with the facts by telegraplic message, and, wvith the local ofiicials, took all the steps rendered necessary in the situation. Thelinewas cleared as soon as possible, and the mail-train, after some delay, was enabled to proceed on itsjourney. From the accounts which have yet reached, it would appear that the goods-train reached the scene of the accident in proper time, and that the ballast-train ought then to have been clear of the train fully 15 minutes; as, however, a judicial inquiry is pending, which must attach blame to somebody, any redectious at present wvould be premature. "MhIr. Joshua Michael hlagee, coroner for the district, held an iquest upon the body of the deceased at the Wellington Inn, which had not concluded at half-past 6 o'clock, p.m when the train left." POSTAL ITRCOMIUNLOATION. The sailings of the mail packets fromHolyhead and King,stown respectively are proposed to be as follows, under the new contract, wvhich requires the mails to be conveyed within 11 hours between Euston-square and Westland-row :-Irish time.- Leaves Euston-square at 7 10 a.m.-due at Klngstown at 5 55 p.m.; leaves Euston-square at 5 p.m.-due at Kingstown at 6 50 a.m.; leaves WTestland-row at 7 a.m., and 7 p.m. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 95A ; New Three per Cent. Stock, 9585 4. Railways.-Corkc, Blackrock-, and Passage (201. paid), 14'1; Dublin and Belfast Junction (45t. paid), 485 5; ditto (paid in frl), l501., 53k; Dublin and Wicklow (101. paid), 6X; Great Southern and Western, (501. paid), 1; ditto, for account, 591;-, ditto, 4 per cent. preference (131. paid), 12§- Irish South Eastern (121. paid), 71 8- lRillarney Jun scion (101. paid), 101; Miidland Great Weatera and Royal C-anal (501. paid), 5.., ditto, for account, 551; Waterford and }ilkenny (2031. aid), for account, 67 ,; Waterford and Limnerick (607. paid), for account, 28.
SunSCRsroo rOlt Tomn SumFnts uLX FRNcE.- The following letter has been received by Mr. T. W. George Mayor of Leeds, acknowledging the subscriptions recenthl forwarded to the Lord Mayor of London, from Leeds an' Eeckmondwike, in aid of the sufferers by the calamito. inundations in France:- jsiTvtsuson-house, August 4, 156.-Sir;-Weare directed by thecor mittee to acknowledge and thank you for your letter of the Ist inst addressed to the Lord Mayor, with aremittasce of £1,000. the first in stalment of the subzcription raised in Leeds for the rehef of the sot ferers by the late ineudations in France; and 5169 ls., the contribs tionsof inhabitants of Hleckuondwike, for the same object. The com mittee have great gratification in taling charge of these very Idnd ame handsomeremitt3nees. and they wilnot fatiwhen forwarding them tA the Prefect of the Seine to draw his attention to the syspathywhilc the people of Ieeds and Heckmondswike have so substantially eviuoet for the unfortunate sufferers by the late calamity. The Lord Mayo, has duly received the money you have forwarded We have thehonots to he. Sir, your very obedient servants, ANDREW it SCOBLEant J. ST SNDiSH KALY, Hon. Secs. To the MayorLeeds." CnisynoNUS C} ERG,non.-A return, printed on the motion of Mr. R. Phillimore, M.P., gives a list of casez concerning the correction of criminous clerks in Holy orders, in which commissions have been issued in England and Ire land, from the 1st of' Januay, 1846, to the 1st of January, l ; It ap ears that in the Arches Court of Canterbury doni gte ove decennial period, there were instituted if suits of "the of the office judge," promoted by " certair persons against delinquent clergymen." The offences were partlymor;land partly ecclesiastical. In five of the 15 casem habitu^al drunkenness wa the charge adduced. In otheli cases the inculpated clerks wore accused of "brawling and smiting," of habitually swearing, and indulging in lewd an!d indecent conversation,-of i^mproper farmiiaritiei with their domestic servants, and of harbourin1 in the parsonage-house a notoriously lewd and nn chaste woman. ln the majority of these cases the clery men appear to havee let offverylightly. they havinE been merely " admonished to refrain from the like conducl in future," A few, however, were suspended for two, three, and five years. The gentleman who was accused of harboning a prostitute in his parsonage appeared " nuder protest)' which, after argment, was sustained, and the party proceeded against was, four months after the institution of the suit, "dismissed." The purely ecclesiastical offens alleged against clerks, included the holding of - two benelfes without dispensa. tion, the refusal to inter a corpse after notice given, the reading of prayers withont licentse and contrary to an inhibition, the preaching and prayiqg in a building nncon. secrated Long-acre Chapel), an. the reading in the prish church, during Divine service, of a prolest against the office and authority of the Bishop of Gloo-esterznd Bristol within the said parish (Bedminster). In nealy tie whole of these cases the inoulpated clerks got off with AinioAiitionsiibb tAb the like again. In the Bedminittr case the cauns was -ismissed, andin anothernoprqoessisiued- Onlytwoc\tm'issions, issued under the abnve,zuits. In the Apcellate Court of YorL4-, five suits are recorxted for bracwling end qUar 'ling in cbstch, foy yte*d and indecent assaultontheperso of a mafle, ann 'r drunkenness2 in three cases eusnensionstook: ace,. ancl in the other itwo the cases weru abandon&2. c aetntnS from Ireland are nearly nil, there being only two oAr tbrse suits on record, for non-residence, for refusing to adnruw,ister the Lord's Supper to another clergyman becan o n n':oCtr of bis intention to become a cormmunicant ba bZeen sent in,-end for osptising a child iJ fthout the conext ?g the clergyman of the pasii
T1HE P2FORAIATORY MOEBMEfVT. Cn Wednesday afternoon an important and numero.ey attended meeting of the clergy and gentry of the connty of Hants was held in the St. John's Rooms, Winchester, for the purposeof taling steps to constitute the P.forniatory Institution for boys, -which has been established at Eling, the recognized reformatory for the county, under the xecent act. The Right Rev, the Lord Bisbon of Winchester occupied the chair, and upon the platform and near it we observed the Right Hlon. Charles Shaw Lefevre, Spceaker of the House of Commons; Lord Henry Cholmondeley, M.P. * the VbryRev. T. Garnier, Dean of Winchester; the Ven. James Cotton Wigram. Archdeacon of Winchester; Sir W. Reathcote, MP.; Mr. H. a ' Compton, M..; Mr. Wyn,dham Pos tal, Mr. Charles Castieman. the Rev. Mr. Rogers, Chaplain of tbe County Gaol, and a number of ether clergymen and gentlemen of influence in the county. The Bishop of WaicuIEsraRP opened the proceedings.. entering into a very elaborate and carefully prepared historical slketeb of the movement from the iirst committee of the Hlouse of Commons, in 1811, down to the present time. Iaving dealt with the various committees and memorials, his Lordship noticed brietly our various in-stitutions, in the orderof their formation, commencing withthat of Farkimrst, inthe Isle of Wight. The secondhe referred to was that of Mettray, near Tours, in France, of the excellency and efficiency of which he spoke in the highest terms on the result of a careful personal inspection of it. He held it up as an example to all those who were engaged in the work of reforming our criminal population. He especially commended the family system, upon which that very remarkable establishment is conducted. NText he noticed- Redhill, and regretted the absence of Sydney Turner, of whose personal character and successful labours he spoke in the most flattering maaner. Having referred to an institution near Bruges, he bri3fly adverted to the metropolitan and provincial reformatories in the country-stating that there wero 19 in 15 counties in England, and about the same number in Scotland. There were, he believed, 25. in the metropolis alone. (Cheers.) Some of them were large, and others were small ; but all of them were carrying en their noble wvork wvith great promise of usefulnessar.devidences of success. (Hear, hear.) They were, however, by no means equal to the necessities of the case. (Hear, Ihear.) He believed there weie 1,300 boys and 1,500 girls in these establishments, but howb isuffident was such a provision as that, when there were 1,400 boys and "irls in our prisons in the course of a single year. (hear)-vhen, in fact, the yearly addition of children to their permanent criminal population was no fewer than 3,CCO. (Hear.) 'Under these circumstances, he felt sure that there was no one in that assembly -who would not rejoice that the county of Heiits had at length determined to take its public part in this great movement. (Loud cheers.) Theyhad for the lst two or three years, thanks to the zeal and benevolence of certain private individuals, whomn he was happy to see around him upon the platform-(cheers)-and to whom the country owed a debt of gratitude-(renewed cheering) -an institution of this kind established inthe county ; and this institation they were now asked, as a county, to adopt and support. (Rear.) They were happily not embarr-assed in this matter with those numerous diferences whish surrounded and obstructed most new undertakings; for the general principles upon which reformatories ought to be conducted had been fully discussed and satisfactorily determined. This was a work 'which ought not to'be left to the Government. (Hear, hear.) Itwasimportantthat the Government should do its part; but it was of the high. et moment that the Government should be sustained by local efforts and local superintendence. (Rear.) It wa a task of extreme delicacy, which required watching at every stage by those who had an interest in the broad acres of the country, and who were naturally best acanainted with the individuals in question. (Hear.) It woiild be undesirable that the State should undertake to educate, at its own cost. the youth of the country. (Hear.) The State should do its part, but the machinery should be directed and watched over by those who had a local interest; and he hoped they would never consent to an abstract body like the Government taking that part which belonged to them, as Christian men and women, in their respective neighbourhoods, to take for themselves. (Cheers.) What was true with respect to education was equally true with respect to reformation such as that now contemplated. (Rear.) The preiminary and general principles having been settled, the Government should support the movement, and it was the privilege and duty of the contry gentlemen to direct it. There was another principle with regard to the internal manhgement of those institutiens, which he looked uco as semg equally settled. There were two modes in' which reformation might beo conducted. They might be guided by the present discipline of prisons on the one hand, or by the indulgent and simply instructive system on the other hand. To adhere to either of these causes would be a mistalke. (Hear, hear.) They must unite penal discipline with instruction; there must be correction as wel as education, just as a Christian father would discipline, and at the same timo instruct, his family in his own house. These juvenile deHnquents must be made to feel that there was some one who took a disinterested view of their position-who cared for their welfare-who lookeed upon them as degraded, bat not yet lost (loud cheers); and when they were again sent into the outer world, they must still be looked after, encouraged and cared for. His Lordship then apologized for the unavoidable absence of Viscount Palmerston, who had authorized him to say that he took the deepest interestin the object which they were assembled to promote; but the public character of his high position had unfortunately prevented him from being Personally among them on that occasio,i. (Cheers.) Hlis Lordship concluded by again euloeiziji- the disinterestedness and melf-sacrificing benevolence of tlose gentlemen who had, by their private liberality, founded the institution which they were now asked to adopt as a county reformatory. The Secretary (Mr. Charles Castleman) then read "The first public report of the Committee of Management of the Boys' Homo Reformatory School at Ealing." This document was of an extremely satisfactory character. The entire expenses of the establishment for the last'sb: months, includin- master and matron, had only been 3s. a head. A contract'had been taken for the erection of farm outbuild ings at a cost of 3161., and this, with 1301. for sundries, constituted the whole of the present liabilities of the committee. A sum was required for the outfi of the boys leaving the institation, and about 2001. or 3001 would be needed, in the way of annual subscriptions, to meet the current expenses of the establishment. The Right Hon. C. S. LEFEVIE, Speaker of the House of Commons, and chairman of the committee of theinstitution, moved the adoption of the report. As chairman of the committee, he might be regarded as expressing the sentiments of himself and the committee, and therefore he was not exactly the fittest person to move ,the adoption of the report; but, as he had been asked to do so, he would comply with the request. It was an acknowledged fact, that 75 per cent. of onr juvenile criminals returned to prison after being liberated, on the expiration of their first sentence (hear); and the object of this nnd similar institutions was to check-, as far as possible, the relapse into crime of so largea roportion. (Hear.) He concurred most cordiaUly ,ith the very ahle expcosition of their sentiments which had been given by the right rev, prelats in the chair, and he agreed also with the laudatory remarks which he had made with resuect to the institution at Mettray. (Hear.) He would not intrude upon their patisene wsith any detailed remarks of his own. Bin views as to the mode in which such institutions should be conducted were fully and clearly expressed in the report of the gentleman who had been appointed to visit and report upon the Mettinay institultion by the French Government, and whichs he had much pleasure in perusing on his way to the meeting, in ZItr. M'Clelland's pamphlet on reformnatories. As the extract was brief hie would read it to them:-" What are those children in general who, even before the age of discerement, have fallen and incurred the severity of justice ? They aro for the most part young beings utterly deprived of family training. Some are the children of wretched parents, who had brought them up to beggary, and even to thieving and robbery. Others were the children of careless parents, absorbed in their daily labours, taking little thought of their parental duties, and leaving their sons to wander in the streets and yield, from want of moral support, to the mosa pernicious influences. Vhat do these unhappy children need? A family, who would have impressed them early with good habits and have inspired them withmoral andreligiousfeelings. Itis, then, family associationsthatwemnustigvethemn Intheheartofanestablishment where the just and benevolent governors know how to unite, with strict regularity and discipline, that goodness of heart which attracts and attaches, and the high morality which produces its like, and brings about habitual integrity. For these children, wvhom idleness in the greater nunmberof cases has first led into evil habits-whose passions have been too early over-excited-whose parents, subject themselves to all kinds of misery, have given them diseased constitutions, beaIing the seeds of grave maladies-what do they want in a bodily and mental point of viewv? They must have, to give a turn to their pAssions, to make peace enter into their souls, calm and desirous ideas, to nurify their blood, and to give a robust nature to their bodies, they must have air, a counltry life, the peaceful habits and the strengthening work of a labourer." The fac' was, that these reformaatories supplied not onlyadmitted and irremediable defects in ourprison system, but they supplied also those parental influences of which this unbappy portion of sodety were so largely deprived. (Rear, hear.) The Archdeacon of YnMcEssSTER seconded the resolation in a brief but able and appropriate speech, for which we have nt sae The res6ution was put and carried unanimousl Sir W. HEATvcoTE, MP., moved a resolution approving the movement, and pledging tne meeting to sup;crt it, whichwas seconded bv e Rev. FOSTER seGcons c aplain of the county gaol, who gave a number of highly interesting details as to particular cases which had come under his notice, both in London and in the county gaol, to which he added several remarkable circumstances from the experience of his brother, who was formerlyachaplain. in Norfolk Island, and isnovr officiating in the same capacity in acme gaol in Vau. The Very Rev, the Dean of WnZcssESTRrnsored a vote' of thanks to the riht rev, prelate for Presiding, which was u-nanimoosly agree to. The Bssssop returned thanks, and said they wouldI do one thing at a time. They were asking them now to support an institution for the reformation of boys;. 1hut, -when they progressed a little, they would ask for still further encouraement and support; for their house would never be copete till it had three stories-one for boys, another for girls,and athird for adults. (Loud cbeema) OverlOOl1. was subscribed on the spot-viz., 841. in donaflease, and 211. in annual subscriptions.
- VILLEMAIWZS SOUENYIRS CONXTEA- I?. *PORBAINSY-. - (Coneluded from a e 1Tinaes of kar 29.) In our former article on MT. Villemain's Souverirs We extracted his graceful portrait of M. de Narbonne, and observed that; his predilection for Napoleon's Minister contrasted -with his constitutional antipathy to the Enmpire. M. Villemain has a clearer text for the exposition of his constitutional views iu his history of the " Cent Jours," which fills the whole of his second volume. His subject is mnore compact, and admits more readily of pictorial treatment, and of the tendency to unify its purport in which he delights. As an observer of thelast effortof Napoleon, Id. Villemain, however, is too consistent to sur-render himself to illusions Ee notes the E:n-peror's exertions with a iiot unsympathizing criticism, but the foundation of his verdict is his belief that the Emperor's project was unsubstantial. The sudden triumphant rebound from the Isle of Elba he regards as a deceptive accidenit, and' the cs Hundred Days" as an' anachronism. The throne of the Emperor he conceives to have had no foundation in the nature of things; it was undermined from the first, and no prestige, no exploits even, could have re-established& a despotism. which time had outstript, which fortune. had deserted, and of which the political convenience had entirely passed away. M. Villemain preludes his narrative with a picture of the salon of the Comtesse de Rumfort on - the 18th of Mlarch, 1815, the avant veill of Napo- leon's return to the Tuileries. The first decrees of Lyons, dated the 13th of Mlarch, were known at Paris in the course of the day of the 17th, and the doubt aud alarm whichl pervaded society were especially manifested in its superior circles. Id. Villemain depicts the flutter of that anxious eveninawhen the enterprise, at first denounced as impossible and insane, then of dubious success for days, promoted suddenly by treason, assisted by stupor, and arming itself with aUl the forces sent to combat it, was precipitating iself like an avalanche upon Iistracted Paris. The defection of the young and illfated Labedoyere hadc appeared from afar,&s hI. Villemain says finely, like "a beacon of treason" to the army, and had shamed and troubled the ancient nobility,' to which class he belonged. Althe following steps had been so rapid and so complete in. their overthrow of existing and opposing elements, that a feeling of stupefaction was comabined with exertions to meet the crisis, coming nearer and nearer, and growing more terrible as it approached. The chiefs of the Liberal and Monarchical parties drew vtogether to consult, young volunteers thronged the streets to make a show for legality, but, in the absence of confidence and organization, the little band of Napoleon was the nucleus of a power which fascinated all eyes and chilled many a heart with anticipations of its imminent triumph. A re6siion> of the persons whose position was most compromised by the advent of Napoleon, and at which Al. Villemain was present, was at this moment a striking spectacle. La Fayette raLlying to the cause of the Bourbons the resources of his popular reputation and the rectitude of his feeble character; Benjamin Constant preparing thatmanifesto against lNapoleon with which his owvn subsequent attitude scarcely corresponded; Lemercier, Cuvier, Ramond, Md. de Jaucourt, and various otherXcelebrities wvere deliberating on their prospects at the Countess of Rumfort's. Thither came MIadame de Stael to make her adiens, and determined not to remain either as a prisoner or a suppliant; and there Ramond disheartened his audience by his proofs that war was inevitable, that the retur of Napoleon was a menace a,gainst the liberties of nations, and could never be admnitted as a condition of peace,-that the g,reat Powers must again combine their forces in overwfhehuing proportions, and crush him at any sacrifice. MI. de Fontanes, on the following dav, while expecting Napoleon on the morrow, and preparing for his own retreat,also made MI. Villemain the confidant of his political sentiments. "The N\apoleon," said he, " who returns is no longer the same man, the man that I desiderated, that I predicted, andthat I served for 15 years, the reconstructor of society, the support of its altars, tho 2so0o ibis ampliuts of the Revolution. He retLrns now by means of chaos, and he will end by falling before he has again put fetters on the Jacobinism he unchains." M. de Fontanes appears to have seen more clearly than any of them that there was less peril to individual opponents of Napoleon than had formerly existed under the Empire. His defence against external enemies wouild leave him little time to readjust his despotic machinery, if, indeed, it could be ag,ainl available. For M. de Fontanes observed wiith justice that the recentinterposition of a yearof legal government must inevitably curb his inclinations to absolutism. "Ljet h;m," said Fontanes, " reascend the throne ."- * "ul va etre empitr6 d'inter6ts revolutionuaires, de garan. ties r6volutionaires, de constitutions anciennes et nouvelles C'est en cela que I'article de Beniamin Constant est le bien-venu. n place la maison do Bourbon, I l'helere de sa chute, sur un terrain constitutionnel et ParlemenLtaire comme cons dites vous autres. 1 lui promet 1'adh6sioa d ropinion, lo baptemo renouvel6 do 17S9, les veux des Constituants ot rp6e de La Fayette; & la bonne heure, je le veux bien. Ce ne seront pas des forces pour qui tombe, mais des embarras powr qui remonte. Pauvre Bmprearr l I1. de Fontanes at the same time discerned that the Enmperor's announcement that the Congress of Vienna was dissolved was either a falso statement or a false prophecy. It was, on the contrary, renewed, consolidated, and exasperated by his return. The nuLity of resisting elements, the rapidity of his success-his "steeplechase," as Fontanes well termed it (" la course au clocher vers l'Empire"),all these circumstances wvere a portent to the European Confederation and an invocation to immediate and general war. The Emperor, he conjectured, had already, even amid the marvels of his returning march. calculated despondingly on this combination against him; and Fontanes spoke the general sense of Europe at that date-that to such a combination there could be no alternative:- "l VoyCZvous, mon cher, les hommes ont un instinct qui leur fait faire en general la chose indispensable I leur saln. Cette chose aujourd'hui pour IEurone c'est la guerro-la goerre imr acable, immediate, nniversello-non pas demain, mais sur ,I'eore. Le moet d'ordre a d&Pt counrs ur toute la ligne. Les tites des colonnes qui s'aeheminaient vers la Vistule reviennent sor le Rhin. Le Congres etait divis6 en quelques points; il est lie maintenant; il est un daus la grande chose no sounirir .1 ancun prix 'Eoapire retabli, rattaquer. Lla hite, faible ou fort, pacifique on menagaat, et plis vite encore sT'l hesite, pins rideomment s'il veut negocier. The hatred of Talleyrand, moreover, went for something, and Talleyrand was at Vienna, with his profoundknowledgeof theRevolution andof theEmpire, with the authority of an ancient confidence and the enmity of an implacable rapture. He had already demandecl the transfer of Napoleon 'from the Isle of Elba to some securer place of exile. Re was the originator of the secret alliance of the Western Powers, the soul of t.he Conference in stimullating its activity, and its saviour in protecting it from the designs of the Northern Courts. His indination entirely accorded with his aboility, of which Id. Vbiemain thinks most highly, to maintain it in a state of' exasperation against Napoleon. On the other hand, the enthusiasm excited in Napoleon's behalf was not of much promise. A year of peace had not resuscitated the dead os repeopled the villages for a new conscription. The country he had so easily traversed could produce few soldliers to defend him. His foes, on the contrary, possessed that excess of force which he had always striven to employ, but could command no longer. Mlasses of troops and masses of artillery were aboout to converge upon and to overwhelm himc. He was surrounded by a triple barrier of hostile stations which hadthe contracting power of the walls dreamt of by St. Theresa. I1. deFontanes, in dwelling upon these and similar prospects, requested I, Villermain to watch the course of events, and to transmit him reports from Paris to his intended place of retreat, and with this view, as M. Villemain acquaints us, he opened for him before he left peculiar avenues of information. I%. Villemaindescribes the ariTval of Napoleon, of which he was a witness, on the following evening: " Napol6on, par une superstition de dates, par sne d6vo- tion do jours heureum ou malheureux, faiblesse assez frequente -dans ces grandes pissances qui-oni doroine *l imnde, en croyant plus au deedin qu'iL la loi morale,--Na_ po0fon, A' ce moment alun si glorierx retear de fortune, avait teu beaueoup IL rentrer das Paris, le 20 Mars mie, anniversaire deo & naissance de son fls- arrivi si fort a pOillt pour ceisi iil iii ehit facile do traverser sa capitale die 1G miLeu du jour, et doveair , parle pont d'Ansterltz otisloagone allee des Beoulevards, reprenldre aux roan du' Seuple, et en plein midi, possession do trone abandonni asau pricideate. Moas par une tinaiditi at pres one pudeur do succes; sysiptin.'e fitheux du pr6sent et de li.uMenirs Co, 0ztc?pora ine d'Hie8ofle ac 4V bitmiure, pr Y,VIM" Prl ide, 85.-. . I Tavenir, il aima mieux rentir volontairement, au dernicr terme, une course s r3pide, et differer son entre ae heure asser avaXc6e de Is oire, afia d'&ecIapper ros regards des Pariein6s, plus Etonnis qu'entbousiaste , rnme dacs cette partie de -I. population oisive et tamultnese, que fait accourir tout scle nouveau, et pour laquelle tout rxvolution n'est qu un spetacle. "Ainsi cacleb dnars ls nuit, comme nu trinphe souffert par Is nation. nmas voolu et ormepi par quelgues adeprt seulement, l'arriv&e de V =o *a galop dune rapidep caiJcbe, pr riseue de la courint6rieure des Tuileriegvoiesia du Pont-oyal, aumilieu des sabres de quelques cavalier.s de sm garde, trouvai r6pandue sous les guichets et dans les vestibules de ce- palis sans maStre une foule d'offlder5 d demi-solde, ivres d'enthouisasme. as attendaient et pro. claxulrenti'Empereur. Co. ut iiW son people. A peine ia tmiture pondreuse serrete, p?resasE, agenouillics, poussant ml3e eris de 3oie, tons voulant toucher aa moins ses vetements, quelqnsuns rs leevereutL et le portdrent Stir leurs bras, comme an g30rien a trophie$ jasque dans lis Sal3e dui Trdne. - - " sans ordre d'aucmno 3personne apparente, sans mission dIaucune autorite, on spectacle magnifique etait improvise pour recevoir le vainquctr. Sos lavofte, il. mnce do cent lustres, se presxait, dans laplus grandeparare, l'eite des dames qul etvient .ppartena it La CoarImperiale, femmes et filles de dignitaires, ode geueranx, ct anssi de quteques hommes considdrsnbles d lir banque et dui`haXt commerce; Ce'teit runblouisadmentdoaichesses, depierreries et d'ei6gance mondaine, succddsnt comma par enchaute ment it l'obscusite de o'exlL Iat durde dn premier Empire n'3s.it pas lte asseu dongaei poar quo beauconp de ces dames, qum en avaient porte et en reprenaient les toloprs, no fussent pas encore dens 'out ,clat de ls ujeuneust et ds es beautd: et an historien* dtmonger affrms quo rien n'dgalaiti le charoi do coede ruion, Fe de ddiacmpts et dequiolettes, sinon renthonsissmo dont olle semublait animde. "hEas le dieus d'airsin sequel s'adressaient tant d'hsommnages n'en fut pas on moment adonci, ni trompd. ' en nterme do so course, sitlDi quIil eut senti se rfodlr ra uer doeson dooselnaccompli, et qu'il ont repos6 dans le lit royal et imperial otl, deptis sept r4gres, solt effectifs, soit nomnmasx, il n'est mort jusqu'd. nons qu'un seul monarque, il vit clsirement le niaut de sa victoire. On ne saurait en donner one meilWeure prenve que de rappeler ses propres paroles ai on des plns hommes de bien de l'Empire, le Comte ?olUiou, 3dinistre du Tresor Public. Venu le 21 lars aU soir, por saluer son m3aItre, lmtZgre et d6vone Ministre, avec r'amrnite naturelle de son langage, n'ayant pt se defendre dos lieu-n commons du our, et. pouLt-eire do ravenir sur cette merveillense revolution, cette victoire si facile, us triompEe inespere et pourtent si comnplet: ' Asses, assez, mon cber,' luii dit imporear, enl'embrassant: 'lo temps des complimeontsest pass6-- ils m'ont laisodvenir, comme le los ont laissdss'cn aller."'' 1From the aspect of Paris at this momentIs. Villemain turns to Vienna to describe the recent proceedings of its diplomatists in congress and their demeanourat the unwelcome news of Napoleon's escape. They were engaged when the news reachedthem in witnessing a tablea trivantof the first interview of Maximilian with Mar-gy of Burgundy, and which was presented to them as part of a Court entertainment; but the picituresque dispositions of the scene, with its warlike and graceful figures, soon ceased to fix their attention as an ominous whisper passed through the company. The Empieror of Austria and his Royal guests withdrew into another chamber to discuss an announcement of such peculiar moment to Mlonarchs. The Plenipotentiaries broke up into animated groups, and M1. Villemain es,timates from various data their respective impressions. He asserts that Metternich vas quite prostrated by alarm and anxiety on hearing that the lion he had so feebly chained hald broken loose. The Duke of Wellington, " plus calme dans s3 s6rieuse inquidtude, se preparait evidemment- aesperance d'une grande lutte, et, aunmilieu deshommes un peu prnmatur&s, dont jonissait deja sa gloire, il parat, ii ce moraent, grave et rfil6chi, comme un homme qui rassemble en lui toutes ses forces, et senLt venir sa dernibre 6preuve." This portrait is evidently coloured by AL Villemain's knowledge of the event, and, though probably correct, is less reliable fthan that of Taileyrand. Thelatter's impassive tranquillity, or, as ilI. Villemain terms it, his disdainful indolence, was a spectacle at such a moment not without acertain grandeur. Ministerof the king whose thronewas so directlyattacked, the principal agent of the Restoration now threatened, andwhich might immediately disappear. himself from that moment at the peril of proscription and exile, no one could have inferred these contingencies from his imperturbable phlegm. He was, so it seemed, neither astonished nor anxious, nor in the least degree irritated. He soothed and sustained Ml\ettoreich- he congratuilated and seemed to envy Wellington he importuned no one. It"What has happened," said ha, "is a grave but natural result of the generous error committed at the commencement of this business, and which wve were a little too slow to repair. Napoleon has abandoned Elba by an effort of despair, to escape a captivity still more unwelcome. *-Tant miesu; le d6sespoir ne r6cnssit jamais. La faite n'a jamais reconqis un empire. Tout est possible, sans donte, pour on moment; mais tout est impuissant contre l'Europe: s'il a rair de r6nssir vite, s'il est proclam6 Var quelques r6giments et subi sans contestation par la fou e, nen de mieux; il aura pass6 aujourd'hui sur la France sans la posseder, sans la soulever, ni pour ni cotre lui; et il tombera demain.' In this mood Talleyrand appears never to have entertained an idea that there could be any dissent or hesitation on the part of either of the great Powers, and by his confidence in their harmonione action preserved their accord unimpaired. He especially encouraged MEetternich to prompt antd decided measures. On their retutrn from Presburg, -whither the affairs of the Conference had taken them, that Declaration was drawn up,- which was so fairly open to Napoleon's criticism for placing him "hors des relations civiles et sociales," anLd for denouncing 'him to public vengeance as the enemy and disturber of the peace of the world. Talleyrand, says M. Villemain, subsequently justified this document on the questionable ground that in politics " il faut parfois frappertrop fort pour frapper juste." To hinder Austria from recollecting that she had a son-in-law it was necessary, said he, to make her put her signature to a sentence of civil death, and not merely to a declaration of war. "On pout toujours traitor avec un eanemi; *on un se remarie pas avec un condamn6." M. Villemain estimates rapidly, but astutely, the views of each of the leading Polwers of Europe at this juncture, but, in accordance with his constitutional predilections, dwells at greatest length upon those of England. The debates in our House of Commons, with the characters of the speakers, and especially of Castlereagh, are judiciously appraised, But again and again 1N. Villemnam recurs to his concaption of Napoleon's chief embarrassment, arising out of the state of affairs in France. Paris, ashs shows, in many respects, was no longer a mere centre for imperial operations. It had become a for2tn. as well as a camp. The singular and novel characteristic of the second Empire. as distinguished fom the first, was the absence of that silence and resDect which formerly accompanied the presence of CQesar. The latter found France differing from the France he had quitted-hardy in speech, arguLmentative, and captious ;-in a word, as he hinself said, '; g0tte poli lui parles Bourbons." He had to humour the " id'ologuLes," ancd even tne philanthropists, to exhibit a democratic complaisance in certain of his decrees, and to temporize on the subject of his external policy. His eforts to negotiate for a respite, an accommodation, or even a separate understanlding with one or two of the great P?owers, exhibit in their details the toils in which he found himself. Yet all hisoverturesto these Powers were sternly rejected. France itself could only be reconciled to him on two conditions, which it was not in his power to accord to her-Liberty and Peace. WVith a clear apprehension of these difficulties, for which he was indebted partly to the inspiration of I. de Fontanes, 3r. Villemnain watched the course of events with an attention which, happily for his narrative, was not otherwise preoccupied. He appears es,ecially to have penetrated by means of authentic communications the secret hostility of Fouchd to the Emperor, and on this subject he recalls many cuiious particulars. It appears that Fouche scarcely deigaeof to mate a seret of his im- Pressions that his master had only a three months' lease of power. Accordingly the old R`evolutionist insidiously encouraged the Royalist insurrections in the provinces, and corresponded with Metternich. Napoleon had to employ counterplots against the plots of his Minister, and sent in the name of the latter false messages to Frankfort to intercept the answers Fouch6 was expecting thence. Montrond, -with whom some of our own recent memoir-writers were familiar, was employed by both of them as far as their objects corresponded. To regain Talleyrand, to pacify Metternich, and? to procure the return of the Emprss M arie Louise were his vam commssions on the part of the Emperor. XEe found, however, -that -these statesmen -were inflexibly hostile, and that Marie Louise was indifferent -so far' as he could jidge from an observation wvhich he *-ade in disguise at Schocnbrunn. This widow of a living rpouse, of a conqueror civilly dead, was seen Montrond consoling herself quietly in her flower garen. " To water her tips," said he, "at such a moment under my eyes was a symptom more decisive than the lettuces of Diocletian at Salons." He declares that he confided this circumstace to Fouche E~'n'~ #1p s orzl of iB 'op etc. t x, P. 529v a]Aen frorn s wi s to sare theffveelings of .£E~ Emperor, tlhough 1L.Villebain intimates that he hail two sets of|n truEtions, and that he w-abone ot those ambiguous instruments the propert iniehicli may have bsen douibtfuL. It is, of --nirse, unpossible that 7e coiildgve aiz outline evenD of all £he ueive tep of -te d amii which followed, still lee of -M VilleMiin's deScrio tions of its numerous accors. YW e have ofl recoulte2P them so far t marlc his leading conception tha tb&isecond EmDire was a {Csisnulm&' and a "parodyof heflrst,iihat its chAncw Wereprejudged, andthaa5 its instruments were unreliable, beMuse the moraJ elements of its succew were --wanting Uoistrilingly, for example, does a sentence o1r Napoleon to the Duke of Vicenrza ma1rl -hiii destitution in respect of faihful and co&0petent subordinates ! When the latter was deirour of accompaniying him tlirough the approachmigb campaign NFapoleon iorbade him with this hulnihat- a ing admission-" N1on, non, Canlaincourt si jinevous laissais pas ii Paris, our qui pouTais je. compter ?" Accoidinglythe attached follower wasP present to receive him when allwas lost. Whe6 N!tboleon camne again by nLight to the Elys6e, a soEitary fugitive from the rout which had scattered his. last army, it was, as we lmow, Caulaincourt's arnrm which assisted him from his carriage in his -state oi exhaustion. Napoleon at that moment reproache& Ney. He complained that a panic had seized upoIVO his troops. Butthoinadequacyof his materialzresources -was as nothing to the inherent-weakness oE his political position. 3. illemeai informs us, for example (and this is a most remarkablegauge of Napoleon's insecrity), that there Shad been aetive speculations on the Bourse, and thwfunds had ben rismg in anticipation of lhini defeat; so generally would his victory haveseemed to his countrymen a men2ce of prolonged anddisastrouswar. Be had thistime racourse in vain to his invariable practice of flying L-om ill fortune, of abandoning the relics of a reverse to appeal to Fxance for new levies. Themnation had neither the power nor the will to endurefresh sacrifices, nor 7had the ehief any longer theascendancy to impose them. What 31. Vi.emaimn terms " la fatalitM mathematique d'une defaite" wads at length simply and clearly demonstrated. ' 31. Villemain recounts with equal discriminatiom the feeble struggles which followei the overthrow ohE Waterloo. The Chamber of Representatives, sc vast was the interval from the 1Sth Brumaire, accompEshed on its Bide a cOImp detat. " On a r6pWe, et il u'est pas douteux, que le Prince Lucien revint plusieurs fois a le charge, pressant Napol6ooa d'agir et de frapper un grand coup :-' Jeno aous reconnais. plus,' lui disait-1*; 'ne savez-voos done pas ce qx'il en. cofite, pour nepas oser rl propos? 'Je n'ar que trop os6ir6ponditNapalkin; ' etvoas anjourd'hui, vous votLs trompne do date. Nous ne sommes plus an 18 Brnmaire.' Il nosFaeit -pas de cela,' reprenaitLucien; 'point de coup d'Stat, mais un decret constitutioanel qui dissolve -one des deos. Ch3mbres et ajourne lautre, comme vous en avez le droit., alais,' reprenait l'Empereur, 'la Chambre des Reprisentants r6sistera; il fandrarecourir 4 la force; et ce seram toujours on 1S Brumaire. Et powr cela oa est la forcea' n1 n'y a plus mcme de soldats 4. Paris. 1 faut au moinsque Davoust, qui en a l'orare, ait fait filer jusquici quaelques troupes des depots de la Somnme. Noos voil3, danar tons les cas, forc6s d'attendre; et dans l'inte-valle Usn'oseront.' 'fE oseronttout,'aeprit Lucien; ' vous avez unafois domn6 r'esemple de l'abdication; ils donneront contravoas celui dela d6ch6ance.' Et seloignant un momen' dalIEmpereur, il reelit, dans son impatience, a deun c emeures du Conseil, les paroles mcmes de 1'entretien; et ajouts. tristeament 'f hsite, ii temporise ; clest in homnme perdu: la fum6e dles batteries du gont Saint-Jean luiaportdi la t4te.' *-"N=on; mais ce puissant genie, que la prospuritd et la. passionnivi-re`ntpafois juso,a'au d6Jire, etait doa6 aussi do'n s6vere bon sens, qui luai montrait nattement dans radversit6 le vmSi et le possible. Cette fois donrc avec ce coupd'cil d6gag6 d'illusions, il vit d'abord -quae, devant onearmee battue et dispers6e, un parti Jacobin necessaire etu hostuie di sa cause, des ginara-am dicouragis et d'une fol douteuse, des ennemis dans son Conseil Piriv6, une natiorn indifferento on divi-se, il ne pouvait pas raisonnablement,. fat-ce meme d1 bon droit, briser la Chambre Elective, eneoremeoins chasser on emprissonner le reprisentants rUz-actaires, aus momen' mime a ilavait le plus osoin derecruae-s et d'argent, et, en un mot, ieprendre Ie despotisme, quanda Ia farce IUI manqusit. f n'avait pas confiance dans la temporisation, qu'ilaffectait; mais il l'aimait miaeox qn'un coup d'6tat. manqu6: et il ne voulait pas risquer un denier combat, dans rordre civil, contre ces repr6sentants, dont il avaitfbien senti cl'abor& qu'il ne pourrait se d6livrer que par on. succes de champ de bataille contre l'tranger. ' I J'ai eteun conquerant,' dit-il an Dac de Vicence; 'iapouvais Petre encore; j'si jou6 ce d6 A, Waterloo; je noveux pas me rapeiisser -sl tre on tyran.' "Ainsi donc, quand la n6ceesit6 lui apparut, it se? r6signa vite et se soamit, non par one defaillance de g6nie,, mais par une vue dlaire et complete de son accablantedestmnee. "fl sobit .en on moment, laidCe d'abdication. El leeformes de pr6rogatives imp6riales q'il pretendit garderavoc les Chambres, les d6ilgaticans qui l donma Li son frere eti ses liinistres, la condition d'h6rditi6 poor son fils, qil joignait A son abdication, ne furent queles derniers efforts sans illusion, at conme- les dernieres biensiances dmpouvoir qui tom.be et de lavolont6 qu cede devantune forcequ'elle sait insurmontable. " Le grand'acteur done re retirait de la scene, parcequ-e le rOle 6tait fini, et la trag6die 6pois6e. 11 ne c6dait pas, comme on ra miserablement suppos6, a quelque crainte deperils personnels et de mort, mais ii la conviction que, dans['6tat present, nol p6ril bravc, nul sacrifice de sa vie na soulaeverait ie poids qui ccrasait 13 France et lu.1. sist.-e combait, au mxilieu de son d6sastre mnilitaire, sous des hainesrint6iieares et sous des abandons,, qu'il aurait m6pris6s dana5 on aotre temps, roiai quo as d6taite randait irr&sistibles,L nI soccombait, comme Annibul devant 1is,iniiti6 du s6natda: Carthage, parcequlil avait. S-i vanuca; et il n'avait ps,. comma Annibal,ln rescource d'aller dana le mnonde antier, herchant des ennemis d sea vainqaeurs, car c'6tait l mondes dvi,ils6 qu'il a-vuit combattu, at par lequel il se sentaitaccabl6." 31. Villemin akpears furtively to enjoy thecatastrophe by which "the whirligig of time " brought in its " revenges." Napoleon, sayshe, accepted representative instititions as if they had been a tent erected for the convenience of a night, but the tent extende(!over his head suddenly enveloped and burietI him. Bus adieu to the land of his bzeias is, nevertheless, recounted with sympathy But weare not so sure that 31. Villemaiu does full justice to the enduring influence of his great-. ness and glory. Napoleon has left us, it isallowed, -in his own recollections of his banishment an immortal monument to the mnonarch ant the warrior-a monument of a great painterand a profound thinker. But is it even literaUy truethat hehas founded nothingbut an "immorteE souvenir 1' Practically, at all events, he has foindemi a dynasty which appears to possess the elementaof strength and security. 3If. Villemain avertahis gaze too perversely from this consequence, Eis moral, however, is obvious, and his views are,. in the main, just. He is remarkable as ever for themvigour with which he states them, though he hasw not in any seuse evolved their more urgent andinimediate bearings. It was incumbent on him. to have spoken more explicitly if he had intendea to mal;e his experience available for the future, orhad sought to save his conclusions fron a conflictwith the present. * Mi2noire-tpour s"a--ir it VHifoi-re de .Aapoplon en lS15+m par Fleury de Chaboaluon, v. ., . 300.
A WAL l.-An extraordinary pedestrian feae. has been performed in Derbyshire. . A man named Alfre& Irelson undertook to walk on si; succeEsive days the distance of 70 miles a-day. He commenced his performance, on Monday, Jly 20, and corn leted it swith ease on Saturday, the 26th nlt., doing it within the specified time The 7Qmiles were ustillywked in. about 14 hours, but on one oC the days they were completedil2. Whileontravelhetook very little food, exoet bf tea ora small bit of mutton halE cooled and 3 little stimulant occasionally. In stature he isy. about the middle height, thin, extrmel muscular, anu having a somewhat intelligent countn nea. When om. travel Helson had a slight swingwith his arme, and appexred tobe going aLa sateady rate of somethree miles aiz nour, and it was only -when any one attempted to keep up. vWith him thathiareal pace was percep)ible. ILs nsual pacwas 'pobably from fonr to six miles anbhour.-Glolbm SxAsPEDPosTAcr. E.EiovPxs.-,Retumns yesterdaytissued by the Parliamentary painters show that the totAi amount expended for producing stamped -o te envelopea from I845 to 1855w 69,9S1W., of which 66,874 w. x byth vonsumers that entailing on the Government a losof 3,1101. Iast year the cost ws 7,099l., and the repayment 6,5521. The machtinery Ist year cost 37. lls. 8d. only; the paper, 3,0361; salaries, 9961.; ,' 6101.; folding,' l,reo..;and ornamental bands 104. The number of enve. lopesstaimped daunng the whola of the decennial period-. amointed to 186,12t,ODOL., at an zverage cost of -tki1 per million, of which 3759&. wa repaid by the consumers, entail. ing a Icss on Government of 161. 14s. 3d. per mill In Tha peetage " labele' co*t on the average, 7* per mSfliou., n& of this none is repeid by thbe consumer. The totwL amount received by 4he Inland Revenue in 1855 forall kinds of yostege sam vu 441,9J1, agemA. 359,7M91 in ISK1 and 22, ia 1853. Of thismnuz 3S1,8212.wasreeeived fif penny atamna 27,2131. for foa yenny, 6,8321. for <Thlu rny,lO,SL9il. for si-penny,;P604 Lor ten-penny, ind aZOC61. for shilling stamps. Th* amount received bIthe Poat.oae- for atmps'lst ear,wa 1,5373961.., of wrhichL 52;60Y1. was for envelopes. amount received for y peny recii and dr sghte smpe wi 270,696& agaiist tie sm1 of §9028& in -U- .To them hgnres are appended copies of eontracts or agreements euai. teredintov thffe Ilad Revenne Deparment for ma.mmfao..- xinng and folding enveoes, aad pniting and -ganum labels, e.&4 With ~reat~ munificence ilee legislative Counctl of Victona lis vtd. a f-of -to thX Patitc Fon. i--
