DEATHS. Ona Vednesday, the l1th inst., suddenly, at Alfred House, Clapham, Miss Tuk, aged ~55 On the 17th inst., at Wilderslow, Derby, Charles Agard, fourth son of Ar. J. L. Davenport, aged six years. On the 19thinst., at the residence of her son-in-law,Joseph Chapman, Esof, of Hounslow, Mary, the widow of the late Thus. Prichard, Esq., of Bedifont, Middlesex. On the 19th inst., at Bristol3 Anna, widow of the late Rev. Lant Carpenter, LL.D., aged 74 years. On the 19th inst., at Par4, Graham lVillmoro. Esq.. C., udge of the County Court of Somersetshire, and Recorder of Wells, ageda?. On the 19th inst.. at Marine-parade. Dover, John L. Lamotte, Esq., late Captain in Her Majestys Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms. On the 21st inst.. at Richmond, Agnes, the wife of John Irving, Esq., of 94, Eaton-place, Belgrave,square. On the 21st inst., at Eastbourne, El3en, infant daughter of Robert Colgate, Esq.. aged 10 months. On the 21st inst., at Hampstead, Annie Rachel, the infant daughter of Birhard Beachrroft, Esq. On the 21st inst.. at 25, Clifton-road, St. John's-wood, Ann, relict of the late M1r. Thos.. ickatson, aged 72. On the 21st inst., after a long illness, M1r. Thomas Balls, iron merchant, of London, aged 61 years. On the 21st inst., at Inglewood Bank, near Penritlh. Cumberland, Edward Lusmley Hlaworth, Esq., late of H.M1. 2Sth Regiment, aged 24 Years. On Sumday. the 22d inst., at York-place, Portman-square, Henry Merrik Hoare, Esq., aged 56. On the 22d inst.. at Camden-town, Jane, relict of the late DMr. John Denton 8agster, of Hanley, Staffordshire, in her 75th year. On the 22d inst.. at his residence, Birdholme, Derbyshire, Sir James liunloke, Bart., aged 72. On Sunday, the 22d inst., at 9, Harewrood-square. Sies Whitelocke, aged 76. On the 22d inst., Septimus, yonmgest 0on of John Smith, of Grafton House, New7port-market, Soho, agea 1 yenr and 10 mouths. On the 22d inst., at Bromley Hall, Mliddlesex, Thomas Brooke, Esq., aged 80. On the 22d inst., at No. 24, Fincbley Nvew-road. St. John's-wood, London, Catherine, second daughter of Capt. Robt. Scott, l,C.S., aged 3 years and 8 months. On tlhe 22d inst., at his house, G7. Westbourne-terrace. deeply la mented, General Sir John Wilzon, 1C.C.B., B.C.T.S., Colonel of H.M 11th RegimeutL On the 22d inst.. of consumption, while on a visit to her sister, Irs. Henry Banks. of 30, Colenman-street, city, 3Mary. the youngest daughter of George Philpot, ERuq, deceased, late of Peckham-park, Surrey, aged '0. On the 23d inst.. at Sydenham, E-li7aLouisa, second daughter of T. R. Pinches, of Oxendon-street, Haymarket, in her eighth year. On the 23d inst., at his residence, Tottenham-wood, Thomas Rhodes, Rag., inz the 04th year of his age. On the 23d inst., at her residence, Lyrtington House, Clapham-parkl Miss Lnna Everett, much respected and beloved.
THE UNITED STATES. hmov inTrp- nvm 't NEW YORK, JuNEIL| The nomination of Mr. Buchanan is generally trted by the country, so far as public opinion has had an opportunity to make itself felt, as a triumph! of the Conservative portion of the Democratic party; I and it is very evident that many of the Conservative Whigs, who have held aloof from all parties from want of sympathy with either, contemplatetharowingi their rotesin the autumfortheDemocratic nominee. Iccannot so regard this nomination. So far as d mestic politics are concerned, the selection has unquestionably been forced upon the Convention by the influence of the dcorthern feeling that it was ltnhise to press the slavery question any further. But,hsopfar as the foreignpolticy of the countryis concerned, I regard the nomination as a pledge to the policyof e:tension at all hazards. 1.r. Buchanan was a member of the famous Ostend Conference, and affixed his name to the joint report of ir. Soule, Mr. Mason, and himself. He is pledged to the support of the doctrines there proclaimed, and the Democratic pa fry have substantially endorsed those opinions. The resolutions upon this subject, ±.o which I have already called attention, were not adopted without opposition from the South in the Convention. - Mr. Lowe, of Mlissouri, offered the following resolution, calling for its reading "That, i expressing any opinion in regard to the prinaIples involved rn the last five resolutions of the Proposed platfonr, we deem it inexpedient to adopt the said resolu tion as part of the said platform, and that the chairman of this delegation e dirted to cast its vote in the negative cpon the said resolution, andthat he is further requested, at proper time, to request the reading of the resolution to the Convention as the ground upon which the action of this delegation has been based. *i Ir. Sandabuly, of Delaware, declared his concursence ith the resolution. ris state was unwilling that any resolution should be introduced into the platform upon which every Democrat could not stand. (Applause.) *"The President called the speaker to order. " The resolution v-as referred." In spite, however, of this opposition the resolutions orere adopted, and Mhr. Buchanan has accepted them as the policy of his Administration, if elected. Some of his friends visited hima a few days since to congratulate him upon the nomination. In a short speech in reply he said,- "Gentlemen, twvo weeks since I should have made you a longer speech, bat now I have been placed upon a platform which I most heartily approve, and that can speak for me. Being the representative of the great Democratic party, and not simply James Buchanan I must square my onduct according to the platform of that party, and insert no newt plnk nor take one from it. That platform is suffSciently broadand nation for the wholeDemocraticoparty. This glorious party now, more than ever, has demonstrated that it is the true Conservative party of the constitution snd of the Union."w I cannot see hot his line of policyr an be enforced twithout bringyng this country into collision; or, at any rate, wsithout virtual abrogation of the Clayton-Bur iter Treaty The condition of Kansas is quite enough to occupy public attention, without dwelling on foreign politics. I am inclined to think, from all I can learn, that the state of things is exaggerated in the party journals; but enough of truth remains to excte the apprehension of the most phlegmatic. A guerilla warfare appears to be raging in the territory. In the very commencement of these troubles I wrvote you an account of the Emigrant Aid Societies, and what they proposed to accomplish. TIJnder their directions a large number of actual settlers, opposed to slavery, w,ere put into Kansas, and money expended in building houses, churches, &c. WLhen the time came for organizing a government for this territory, their neighbours of yissouri, friendly to the establishment of slavery in the territory, crossed the borders to the number of several thousands wvith arms, and elected a Legislature of their own stamp, byf hom slavery wtas at once legalized. They also elected officers for the term of smx years and enacted that whoever should advocate the freedom of the territory should be guilty of felony and punished by imprisonment forTtwo years. A large majority of the bord fide settlers were at that thme i favour of abolishing slavery, and the proportion has since been increasing; but theywereotied by the laws enacted over them by their Mwissouri neighbours, so that the expression of their opinions became a crime. Instead of submitting to it, they refused to acknowledge the jFuisdiction of the ternitorial officers, and established courts asnd officers for themselves. Conflicts of jurisdiction at once grew ont of this state of things, and the Federal Government announced its purpose of sustaining the It issouri Government by force. The consequence has been that one of the Free State towns has been burnt, and that a border skirmish is going on in which the most vindictive passions are aroused. Nor is the evil confined to Kansas. Throughout the Wrest men are arming to join in the fray, while throughout the iEast meetings are held and money raised to assist the Free State men in defending themselves. As a specimen of the temper that prevails, I give an ex;tract or two from a large meeting held the day before yesterday in this tosn. The principal orator of the evening, a member of Congress from Ohio, closed his speech in this exciting language: " It is not a qnestion of intellct,X nor of political economy, nor of philosophy, but it is a qnestion of the heart. It is the same qnestion which agitated and does agitate the moral and intellectual energies of the people that secured for us the invaluable politiceal privileges hich are our birthright and onr boast. Let me say to you, msy fellowv-citizens, if the signs of the tihmes are rad correctly by me, there are ye' to be other Concords, Lexingtons, and sunker-hills. (Tre ruendons applause.) There are to e other battlefields upon vhich are to bleach the hones of some of the present genera tion, falling and fighting as they fall, for the same great principles which nerved the arms and hearts of our revolutionary fathers. Up and be doing! Put on the whole armour, and go out to the battle! The great question now before the people of this country is not the emancipation oF the negro, but the emancipation of the white asan. (Ap. plause.) We are bound in the hands of slavery to-day, we are gagged, u-c are prevented from taldng out these sentiments which animated the hearts of the spirits of 1776 The crisis has come. Here are two antagonistic poners aboue to come into colision-freedom and slavery. The question is which shall we receiven? (Lond cries of 'FreedomS ! Freedom !') o ihich do you desire to transmit to your descendantsh? Which shall be the governing principle of our American institutions? ('Freedom! Freedom! ') Freedom, yo say; then labour, and fight, if need be, for it." Wid(c hn he had fiSished, the following resolutions were adopted by the meeting: " That, shoRldothe Governmentpersist in its refasl to protect the peaceful pioneers of Kansas against their op. pressors and plunderers, they will be folly justified in protecting and defending themselves; but we entreat them to forbear to the hat possible moment, and only stand on their defence when no choice is left them heteoen resistance and enslavement. (Tremendous cheers.) "That it is the duty of Congress at once to pass alaw which will prevent the packing of gvrand juries by United States marshals benteon indicting innocent citizens for high treason, and on the destruction of private property under pretence of law. (Cheers.) "-That wve proceed to manifest our sympathy for the suffering freemen of K:arnas by furnishing them with material nid (cheers), andthat Samuel B. Ruggles, Theodore W,l'amee, Thaddeus Hyat, Roe Lockwvood, and C. S. Francis he appointed a committee to receive and apply funds contwributed for that purpose." Tn the very beg7inning of these tronbles I called a.ttention to the probable consequences of the Nlebraska iBill, and have from time to time since shown how the spirit of discord was increasing. The public mind now dwells but little on any other subject. The diplomatic discussion with Lord Clarendon closes by the dismissal of Mr. Crampton, and people give it hardly a second thought; the whole attention of the country is concentrated on Kansas. This will have an influence upon the nomination to be made by the Bepublican party next week in Philadelphia. They will probably aim to select a man who will unite in their support the Americans, and the Conservative character which dreads the Ostend Conference. Add to this the great anti-slavery vote, and they coimt upon being able to carry enough of the North to insure the election of their President. In my judgment they over-estimate their own strength, and undervalue the force of theDemocratic party, which alone of all the parties now seeking to control the Government has an effective organization both North andSouth, and has, in addition, the control of all the Government offices and of the army and navy. It will receive a large Conservative support from the Northern men opposed to the anti-slavery organization, under the expectation, to use the language of a private letter, that " the successful candidate will put the foreign planks of the platform up in .the garret as lumber," The speculations inpoliticalcircles inWashington on the probable course of the British Govenment owards 3Ir. DaJlas are divided, The seetary and atlachzs of the Legahton only remain to close andI pack up the archives, the Legation being entirely closed and all diplomatic intercourse here suspended. The Southern supporters of the Administration opposed the dismsal of k Crampton, thinking that Lord Clarendon had said enough to make the whole affhir forgotten. It is also thought that this Government treated Mr. Crampton unfairly in sending the despatch announcing his dismissal before the dismissa took place, so that itpreceded him one steamer. Money remains easy, but there is a want of confidence in Wall-street which will continue until the course which the British Government may adopt can be known.
THE ENGLISH PPJSONJE:S IN RuSSIA. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-If you will have the kindness to give insertion to the following testimony to nobleness of mind and disinterestedness of disposition in your valuable and widely. circulated paper, you will infinitely oblige one who feels that he cannot sufficiently express his admiration of the individuals herein named, or of the French and Germans who were also most liberal and kind. I also beg to give an opinion of our present friends and late enemies-the Russans-that they are a kind-hearted and generous people. In most instances they behaved well and liberally to us ;- not so their Government, of whom I cannot sufficiently express my disgust, for obliging us, English prisoners of war, to march iu the rear of their convicts. I charged, with my regiment, at Balaldava, on the 25th of of October, 1854, and had two horses shot under me, and had the misfortune to be taken prisoner. On the 27th we commenced a long and dreary march of about 1,000 English miles, which continued, with slight intermissions, until the 21st of Jan.,1856, having to subsist, for one-sixth ofthe time, upon nine kopecks, or about3M& English,perday, and the remainderofthetimeupon20kopecks, orabout8d. English, with which we managed tolerably well. We were located inallthe prisons on our route; and filthy dirty they were, with only two exceptions, viz., KeirkoffandCatherineslaugh. The individuals I wish particularly to mention are, Mr. Christopherson and lady; also her sister-he a Scotchman by birth, but now a Russian subject and nobleman; his wife a Russian and noble lady; also a Mr. Longlands and Jamesthe former Scotch and the latter English-not Russian subjects. When we arrived at our destination, Verontz, we were almost in a state of nudity, and must have confined ourselves to the house appointed to us had not Mr. Christopher. son and the other two gentlemen been indefatigable in their exertions-especiallythe former-in subscribinga d causing a subscription to be set on foot at Moscow and St. Petersburg, by the English residents, which, I believe, amounted to 3,000 silver roubles, about 5001. in English. Mr. Calso for a long time provided tea, sugar, and other things for the use of the sick, of which there were a great number, as well as giving the non-commissioned officers furniture for a room, with mess utensils complete-in fact, everything likely to be conducive to our comfort; also, the hospitality of his noble mansion, as well as the delightful society of himself and lady, for which I would, through the medium of your paper, tender my heartfelt thanks to them; and may God reward them for their generosity, for by them we were enabled to walk the town, and, with few exceptions, make ourselves tolerably comfortable. In conclusion, I beg to thank all my noble countrymen in Russia, for their liberality and generosity, And remain, Sir, yours obediently. J(TN1r T.T\lnOT.V Depot Sergeant-Major. lith Light Dragoons. Topsham-barracks, Exeter, June 23.
PRESrIDnNT PIERCE ON TIE NOThIATIONS Or. THE PREsID.NScy.-After a democratic ratification meeting at Washington on the 7th inst. the mob who composed the meeting formed in procession, and proceeded in order to the Whitehouse, numbering rank and file near 5,000. The President appeared at one of the upper windows of the mansion, and said :-I congratulate you, my fellow-citizens, upon the occasion which brings you here, and I indulge the confident hope that the joy wvith which you hail the harmonious and unanimous result of the deliberations at Cincinnati may be streugthened and deepened by the ratifying voice of our countrymen. It is pleasant to realize that, however other parties may be divided and distracted, there is nothing with us but union of purpose, and will be nothing but union in action. From this hour to that when the polls wil be opened in November, al prejudices and personal animosities among those who should cultivate mutual regard and afford mutual support will be laid aside. Nay, even preferences that may have existed in our ranks are already no longer remembered. The preference of everyfriend in this crisis who cares more for the country than for himself, devotion to the cause, and an earnest support of the standard-bearers who are to lead us through the great struggle will be the controlling sentiment of the democracy, north and south, east and west. We are all, I am sure, quite sincere in our convictionsthatnot only the prosperity of this republic, but the perpetuity of this blessed Wnion, depend essentialy upon the vindication and maintenance of the principles declared by the recent convention. But these principles can be vindicated and sustained only by concerted action, and that can only be secured by organization. Hence, fidelity to this organization and its usages becomes, like fidelity to principles, a cardinal virtue. The latter can only be manifested and made effectual through the former. My friends will have duties to perform in the canvass which my position alone wil prevent me from attempting to fulfil in person. It is never to be forgotten by me that in 1852 older and better soldiers (cries from the multitude, "Not better") than myself, Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Cass-men who had been faithful and tried leaders through many years of labour and conflict-were passed by to call me from the retirement which I had sought, and to which I shall return without regret. May I not add, gentlemen, if life be spared, I shal go back to the State of my birth with a consciousness of having adopted no single measure of publie policy durin= my administration which I did not believe to be demandea by the best interests of my country, nor one which does not to-night command the approbation of my judgment and my conscience l The conduct of those older and better soldiers of whom I have spoken, and of the younger but nevertheless better soldier, Judge Douglas, who I am glad to see now standing by the great and goodrman, General Cass, who for so many years has had not merely my confidence and respect, but my affection, will never cease to be gratefuly remembered by me. Theywere all in the field, not merely to encourage and direct, but actualy to lead the columns. Their energies were not put forth because the standard was in my hands, butbecause its bearer was, in their estimation, for the time being the imyersonatian of those sound constitutional principles which they beheved could alone give stability and permanence to this glorious fabric of our institutions. It is cheering to know that the action of the late Convention places the statesmen and patriots who are to lead us now upon the identical platform which I accepted, with full conviction of my judgment, and with every sentiment of my heart, and that they are to occupy it with the standard lowered never an inch, so far as the strict construction of the constitution and the vindication of the constitutional rights of every portion of the Union are concerned. Much and justly as we admire the patriotism, attainments, and private virtues of our standard-'bearers, there wiDl be nothing lake man-worship in this contest. Men become comparatively insignificant, ex;cept as instruents, when great principles and the vast interests of a country like ours are involved. There will be, on your part, no appeal to anworthy passions, no inflamnmatory calls for a second revolution, lke those which are occasionally reported as coming from men who have received nothing at the hands of their Government but protection and Political blessings; no declaration of resistance to the laws of the land, no invocation to the shedding of blood by those vwho have had none to shed when our countrymen have stood face to face with foreign foes. But the issue will summon you to a calm, earnest struggle for the constitution, and consequently for the Union. You will bear yourselves like men determined to cling to that sound instrument as the only security from general wreck and the only refuge from universal ruin. Men who feel and act nth you wil cling to it with patriotic wisdom and steady fortitude, and they will defend it, if need be, with heroic valour against all assaults from without or from within. That a signal triumph awaits you in such a cause I entertain no doubt. If, as I fUly believe, our fathers were not only guarded and sustained through the changing scenes and struggles of the revolution, but were inspired after its close to Jevise and adopt this constitution by Omnipotent Power, we may repose upon an humble but unwaverine faith that that Power will not permit the madness of their children to destroy it Accept, gentlemen, my best wishes foryou, collectively and idividualy, and my thanks for this gratifying call. Tun GRtOUSE--.-There are now a good many of the young grouse on the wing, and they will be a match for the quickest eye and the steadiest hand by the 12th of August. There are a good many on the low grounds, but they are rather deficient on the hills, partly owing to the mow coming on on the 1st of May. The grouse have nearly changed their ground within the last few years. They are all down about the water sides and the corn-fields, and it is no rare thing to see them going among the barnyard poultry. There has been no burning of heather on the Bills for some years past, and grouse have diminished every year since the burning was given up. The deer forest is now well stocked with red deor-some hundreds may be seen bounding together.-Ereekinl AdverCt ier. Prospects of sportsmen in C,asthness-shire, for the coming season are unusuafly good. G rouse are said to be almost unprecedentedly numerous, and In first-rate condition.-2 Vbrdfiern Ensign. TiEs Ms-snmRIousS DAT} OF~ A LanY AT }E - Up to yesterday (Monday) no person had been apprehended in connexion with the suspicious death of Mrs. M'Kinight, at flkley; but Sir Geerge Grey, the Home Secretary, has, on the application of Mr. Evelyn Denison, M.P. sent down a London detective officer to investigate the case. The further examinations of the body of Mfrs. hPEnight, on Wednesday and again en Fri day last, by twvo or three eminent medical men in Scotland, have left no doubt as to the unfortunate lady having been strangled. A full report of the case, drawin up in Scotland, has been laid before the Procurator Fiscal of Xirkcudbright, and by him forwarded to the Crown-office in Edinburgh, from which the superintendent constable of Otley has received a communication, Illldey being included in that officer's district. The body of hlrs. AltKnight reached Barlochan, the seat of her husband, in Dumflriesshire, on Wednesday last, and was interred on Saturday.
PARLAMEBNTARY INTELLGENCE. HOUSE OF IORDS, MON-DAY, JuNE 23. Their Lordships met shortly before 5 o'clock. ROYAL ASSENT. The Royal assent was given by commission to the following bils :-Sir William Fenwick Williams? Annuity, Reformatory Schools (Scotland), Juvenile Convict Prison (Ireland), Public Health Supemental, Draughts on Bankers, Pawnbrokers, National aery, Oxford IUniversity, Whichwood Forest, Canada Company Bath Gas, Cheltenham Gas, Crowland and Eyre Road, Edinburgh Municipality, Cork and YoughaU Railway, Shrewsbury Water, St. Ives and West Cormwal Junction Railway, Dewsbury, Batle, and Heckmondwicke Water, Kettering and Newport Pagnell Road, Glasgow Courthouses and Public Offices, Alford Valley Railway, Banbridge Junction Railway, Barnsdale and Leeds Road, Fleetwood, Preston, and West Riding Junction Railway, Vale of Clwyd Railway, Antrimand Coleraine Roads, Sbrewvsbury and Hereford Railway, Stockton and Mfiddlesborough Nev Road and Bridge, Cork Bridge Waterworks, Sc., Knaresborough Green, Hammerton Road, Knaresborough and Pakley Bridge Road, Eastern Counties Railway, Hampstead Junction Railway, Lowestoft and Beccles Railway, M-idland Railway, Coventry City Gas, Swinnerton's Name, Clarke Thornhill's Estate, Wamnan's Estate, and Blenheim Estate Bills. The Lords Commissioners were the Lord Chancellor, the Earl of Harrowby and Lord Colchester. PETITIONTS. The Earl of GALLOWAY presented petitions from Stockbridge, Bolton, and other places against the Oath of Abjuration Bill Lord BERNERS presented petitions to the same effect from Alness, county Ross, and Sugby, Lewisham. The Earl of ALBEMLARLE presented a petition from the Bristol Chamber of Commerce in favour of the Joint-Stock Companies' Bill. Lord BERINERS presented petitions from several places against the Oath of Abjuration Bill. BANKRUPTCY (SCOTLAND) BILL. The amendments to this bill were considered and agreed to. OATH OF ABJURATION BILL. Lord LYNDHURST.-My lords, I am placed in a situation of some embarrassment in rising to mnove the second reading of this bil. The question has been so frequently discussed, the facts and arguments connected with it are so well understood, that if I were to enter into the suabject in any detail I fear I should not be listened to by your lordships. But, upon the other hand, if I were to treat this subject in any general terms, I should perhaps be charged with neglecting a duty which I had undertaken to perform. I wiU therefore endeavour, if possible, to steer a middle course upon the present occasion, and, discarding everything which I think does not bear materially upon the subject, I wil endeavour to bring before your lordships those facts, those arguments, and those considerations which appear to me to be most essential to the right apprehension of this subject. My lords, I am relieved from one very considerable difficulty upon this occasion. No attempt has been made by this biU to repeal the oath of supremacy. An attempt of that kind was made upon a former occasion, which proved fatal to the success of the bill. I also feel myself relieved from another difficulty, and not an immaterial one. When two years ago I brought forward a bil to repeal the oath of abjuration I was met by an observation that I was repealing also the oath relating to the suc. cession to the Crown as settled by the Act of Settlement. Upon the present occasion I cannot be met with any objection of that kind, because there is a clause in the biU by which every person is bound to maintain the succession to the Crown as established by the Act of Settlement. Now, my lords, what objection there can be to a bill of this description it is difficult to understand. My noble friend near me on the cross benches (Earl Stanhope) intends, I am told, to move the rejection of the bill. I should hardly have expected-acquainted as I am with the writings of my noble friend-that such a course would have been recommended by him. I have endeavoured to ascerhain upon what ground he proposes to proceed, and am told that the objection is on account of the words "Iupon the true faith of a Christian" being omitted. That I am told is the ground upon which my noble friend means to move the rejection of the bilL Now, my lords, it is singular that, these words being no longer required for the purpose for which they were originally employed (hear, hear), it should be attempted to introduce them into this bil for purposes which were never in the contemplation of any person when those words were originally inserted in the oath. Passing from that, let me ask my noble friend what is the object at which he aims ? The regular course would be to allowv the biU to be read a second time, andthen to move in committee the addition of those words. (Hear.) But my noble friend h.ad adopted &different course, and I beg your lordships to consider what will be the consequences of that course. If we reject the bill the consequence will be that everyoneofyourlordshipsandeverymemberof theHouse of Commons wil be ob]iged to continue to take that oath which we all consider to be one that ought not to be taken -to swear that no descendant from the person pretending to be the Prince of Wales has any right, title, or power in this realm, and we abjure all obedience and allegiance to them or any of them. That is an oath which we aU feel to be altogether impertinent and idle; andallowme to say, if you compel persons to take an oath which is merely an act of folly, it becomes something more-an act of impiety. (Hear, hear.) That is the consequence which will happen if ny noble friend should be successfuL Another of my noble friends (the Earl of Derby), one for whom I entertain the greatest possible respect, foreseeing this difficulty, has endeavoured to obviate it. No member of this House possesses more ingenuity or more resource in constitutional difficulties than my noble friend. He told us the other night that, if this bill be rejected, then he, on his side, would move the second reading of the bill which is now upon your lordships? table, the object, of which is to strike out from the oath all that part relating to the Pretender, and to retain the words "on the true faith of a Christian." Vhat would be the consequence if that bil should pass this House? It would go up to the other House, and how will that House deal with it? They will obviously strike out the words " upon the true faith of a Christian," and the bill thus altered will come back to your lordships, and of course will be lost. Then, how does my noble friend evade the objection T have made? We should be precisely in the same position as we are now. We shall be obliged to swear that no descendant of the Pretender has any right or title to the Crown-an absurdity to whicb I have already referred. I will just state briefly the history of the oath o- abjuration. When William and Mary came to the throne no oath was required at first but the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. Two or three years afterwards an attempt was made in the House of Commons to pass an oath of abjuration, and a similar attempt was made in your lordships house, but the King declared he did not wish to impose any additional tests upon his people, and so the bills were lost in each house. It was not passed until the last year of the reign of that monarch. Then, as your lordships are well aware, in consequence of the Pretender having assumed the title of King of England,and that title being recognized by LouisXIV.,this bil of abjuration was introduced and passed. Now, my lords, what was the origin of the form of the oath prescribed by that statute. It had its origin immediately after the discovery of the Popish plot. It is very well known that at that time there was discovered a writing which had passed through the hands of Garnet, a Jesuit, who was concerned in that plot, which informed the Government that the only mode of avoiding equivocation on the part of the Catholics was to frame an oath of a particular shape and form. That shape and form consisted of the words " on the true faith of a Christian." (Hear, hear.) It was with that view and object, and that object alone, that these words were introduced. They were afterwards copied into the oath of abjuration with the same purpose; and everybody who is acquainted with the history of that period, or even looks at the oath itself or at the act of Parliament by which it was imposed and introduced, must be of opinion that the sole obiect of Parliament in framing this oath was to guard against the Roman Catholics. (Hear, hear.) If any person doubts this let him read the various clauses of the act of Parliament. Nay, more, I exhort my noble friend (the Earl of Derby) torecur to the debates which took place at the time of the introduction of this oath; and the conclusion to which he must inevitably come, and from which I defy anybody whatever to recede, is this-that the oath was introduced in this form solely to meet the consciences of Roman Catholics. Neither in the original oath in the reign of James II., nor in the abjuration oath, as copied from that, had Parliament any idea of applying it to members of the Jewish persuasion. At the first period there were no persons of that faith in the empire (hear, hear); and there is nothing to show that they were at all intended to le affected at the time that the oath of abjuration was framed. Now, my lords, I have shortly described the objects and the sole purpose to which this oath was directed. (Hear, hear.) I have within the last few days had brought to my recollection what appears to me to be a most extraordinary argument-or rather, I should say, a mixture of statement of history and argument-upon this subject. A right rev., or most rev. prelate in Ireland, Dr. Cullen, published, in the year 1841, a collection of briefs or bulls of the Popes, and among these are several relating to the Pretender-matters of history, obviously intended as matters of history. Otherdocuments have been referred to by that rev. person, and he is supposed to have stated, or to have read-I am not sure which-a passage in which it is said that many Catholic princes on the continent of Europe-50, I think, is the number stated-are nearer in blood to James IL and to the Pretender than, Her3iostGracious 3aiesty Queen Victoria. (Hear, hear.) The inference dawn from this is of the most extraordinay kind that can well be conceived-viz., that the Roman Catholics have still in view, still in prospect-distant, perhaps-that a Popish Sovereign may, at some future period, be placed upon the throne of these realms; and the argument therefore is, that you ought not to touch this oath, you ought to be cautious not to render it less effetive than it is at present. My lords, I must not say to what Eource I am to ascribe this argument. I read it with attention, and I believe the statement I have made is perfectly correct. But what is the argument ? No Roman Catholic is bound to take the oath of abjuration. That oath might be struck out of the statute bookwithoutaffectinga single Roman Catholic either at this moment or at any future period. Why? Because it was rescinded in the year 1829, when the Roman Catholic Relief Bill was passed, and another oath was substituted in lieu of it; so that the history which I have stated, and the documents-all proceeding from a source which I am told is very high authority-are so totally inapplicable that they may be considered as addressed to the winds, for they really have nothing to do with the present question. Now, my lords, passing over that argument, I beg to remind you that by the Catholic Relief Bill these words " on the true faith of a Christian" were struck out of the oath which Roman Catholics are obliged to take in order that they may sit in Parliament. You have, therefore, aboe lished these words in the oath to be taken by thepersons to whom they were intended to apply; and you retain them, for what purpose ? To apply them to a class of persons to which they were never intended to apply. Can anything be more inconsistent, more extraordinary than such a course of proceeding? (Hear, hear.) Now, my lords, I took the liberty on a former occasion to lay down a position to which I have never received an answer, and 1 now take leave to repeat it. I say that no British-born subject ought to be disfranchised unless by some legislative provWiion intended to be directed against him (cheers), and not by one directed against the body or class of which he is a member. That is the very basis and principle of our constitution. I am glad to support this by the opinion of one of the learned judges before whom this case came on a former occasion, which I shall take the liberty of reading; it is in these terms:- "A construction the other way, excluding Jews from sitting and voting in Parliament, not by a direct and intentional legislative act, hut by an unforeseen and unintended application of a few words inserted in an oath with an entirely different object, is not in accordance with what I considerto be the princples and practice of the law of England." I am emboldened, therefore, to insist upon the position which I have stated, because, in addition to its own real strength, it has received the confirmation of a person of so much learning as the individual to whom I have referred. But upon the former occasion an attempt was made to answer this position; and what was that answer? It was attempted by a noble friendof mine on the opposite benches, who said that if the Jews had not been supposed to be excluded Parliament would have excluded them, and, there fore, the inference was that we were to consider it to be precisely the same as if they had actually been excluded. Such was the argument to which I refer. So that if, owing to any mistake, Parliament omits to legislate, we are to consider that they have actually legislated (a laugh), for the purpose of imposing a penalty-for the purpose of raising disabilities; forthat is the sabstance of the argument of my noble friend. But even the substratum is wanting, "had they not been supposed to be excluded." I deny that any sensible man, during the reign of William Im., did suppose that they were excluded. No lawyer could by possibility suppose it. The Government of that day had the advantage of a lawyer of rare eminence, who has never been exceeded in his Inowledge of laws of this nature-I mean the great Lord Somers; and, therefore, that the Government of that day could have supposed that Jews were excluded from Parliament-the oath of allegiance having been repealedin thefirstyear of thatreignis something so extravagant that Icertainly amnot disposed to accede to the proposition. Nay, more, a few years afterwards, in consequence of some vulgar notion which was abroad with respect to the position of Jews, the opinions of some of the first lawyers of the country were taken upon the subject. Ainong others, Lord Chancellor Talbot, then Solicitor-General, and Mr. Raymond, afterwards Lord ChiefJustice Raymond, were consulted; they stated that, as regarded disabilities, Jews were in all respects precisely in the same situation as any other natural-born subjects of this empire. So much then for the supposition. Even if the inference were correct, it wants foundation, because there is no ground for the supposition. Mylords, I am unwiMling to occupy your time with unecessary quotations, and I wiMl not read the passage to which I am about to refer-tbe opinion of one of the learned judges who decided the case in the Exchequer. The substance of that opinion, given by one of the most intelligent men, and one of the most learned persons that ever I had the good fortune to meet, is:-If it be right to exclude members of the Jewvish persuasion from Parliament-with respect to wvhich I offer no opinion, it is not my province-it would be much more consistent with the character of this country and with the character of Parliament, to exclude them by direct legislation, rather than to refer to a casual expression in an act of Parliament, which was never intended to apply to them, but was intended for another and a different object, another and a different class of persons. (Hear, hear.) Now, my lords, the first thing is to consider what was the intention of the Legislature on this subject, because you must makc words bend in order to carry that intention into effect. What did Lord Coke say in his quaint Latin ? Q2ui 72ervt in litera hucrct in cortice. You must discover vhat the intention of the Legislature was, and, having discovered it, you must carry it into effect. If that principle should be carried out in courts of justice, how much more does it deserve to be acted on when we consider a question legislatively? You are bound to examine every source from which the intention of Parliament can be gathered, and, having ascertained it, as I said, you are bound to carry it into execution. You are not to carry out an act of Parliament contrary to what was the intention of the Legislature; above all, you are not to construe an act of Parliament in opposition to the original construction put uPon it, for the purpose of imposing civil disabilities in violation of the main principles of the British constitution. (Hear, hear.) And now let us turn to the words " on the true faith of a Christian." " If," it is said, " you strike out these words f-om the oath of abjuration, what will be the effect? You wiU unchristianize the Parliament." I have heard that argument urged in a great variety of forms and shapes. It is one of the main arguments by which we are opposed. But is it meant to be said that during the reign of William III. Parliament was less Christian than the Parliamenits of the present day, there being no such words in the oath at that time taken by a member of Parliament, either in this house or the other? (Hear, hear.) Letus look back further; let us look to the reign of Edward VI.- a reign remarkabie for its religious character and piety. Were any such words required tobe taken at that time? and because those words were not required, are we to say that the Parliaments of the reign of Edward Vl. were less pious. less Christian, than the Parliaments of the present day ? (Hear, hear.) That argument may be repeated as applicable to tho long reign of Elizabeth, and to all the antecedent reigns, for no such words were ever introduced into the oath taken by members of Parliament until the reign of James I., for the reason I have stated. Now, my lords, there is another argument I have often heard used. It is declared to be inconsistent that a gentleman of the Jewish faith should be a member of the Christian Legislature of a Christian country. That argument I have heard repeated over and over again I believe it originated with a right rev, prelate for whom I entertain a profound respect-I am sorry that he is not here, and still more sorry for the cause of his absence-I mean the distinguished metropolitan. Now, umylords, early in life I received a lesson from one of my instructors, to be cautious of an argument embodied in a phrase, for it generaly covers some falacy. (Hear, hear.) "A Christian Legislature of a Christian country." But what is the meaning of a Christian country ? Why, it means a country in which the great majority of the inhabitants are Christian, in which the Government is Christian; but is it to follow from this that natural born subjects of another faith ought not to have the same rights as Christian subjects ? (Hear, hear.) No such principle is laid dovn in our common law or constitution. (Iear, hear.) Upon mem- hers of the Jewish faith, nturai horn' subjects professing that faith, devolve all the duties and obhigations of other subjects of the State; they bear its burdens and perform its duties equally with others. Ought not Parlianment to reflect that principle in its legislation ? See how fully we have acted up to that principle in other instances. Members of the Jewish faith are required to discharge other onerous offices. They are required to fill the office of sheriff ; they serve as sheriffs of the city of London and the county of Middlesex, and arc liable to heavy fines if they decline the office ; they are bound to attend upon juries precisely as other subjects of the country. Nay more, my lords, we have, in recent and more enlightened times, placed them in the magistracy, where they hold high and important situations; we have placed them in the municipal councils of the country; and I chalenge any person to say whether they have not performed the duties ncidentat to those offices as well as other British subjects. (Cheers.) At this moment there is a gentleman of the Jewish faith at the head of the magistracy of the city of London, and I challenge any person to contradict me when I1say that in activity, assiduity, intelligence, impartialt,benevolence, and splendid libcerality he has never been surpassed by any previous chie maitrato. (Cheers.) Again, as to the allegred inconsistency that a gentleman of the Jewish faith should be a member of a Christian Legislature. That isa principle which, if acted uponaata, ought to be acted upon with uniformity. (Hear.) I remember some years ago the union of the two provinces of Upper and Lower Canada. The constitution given to the United Provinces was much considered and discussed here, and many right rev. prelates werepresent, because questions arose in which the church had a deep interest. Is Canada less a Christian country than Englan ? Is its Legislatare less a Christian Legislature ? Did any person in this house at that time ever suggest the propriety of passinga clauseto exclude members of the Jewish relion from the House of Assembly in Canada? (Hear:) No, there was never a whisper of the kind. What is more remarkable is, that the attention of Parliament must have been called to the sabject, because to my own knowledge a gentleman of the Jewish faith sat in the House of Representatives for several years, and was one of the most distinguished membes of that ITouse. (Hear. I reet, then, that a principle, if acted upon ougnt to acted upon consistently. It may be said tis was some time back; the subject may then have escaped the attention of your lordahips Wel we have within the last few years passed a constitution for Australia, for New Zealand, for the Cape of Good Hope- all Chrisian countries, all Christian leg atures-but not one single attempt was made to impose upon those Legisla. tures the exclusion of Jews. (Hear, hear.) It maw be said that the English Legislature would not have adopted such a clause, that it would have been at variance with the feelings of the Legislature to attempt it. Yet what are you doing now? WEy, you ae taking hold of a fragment of an act of Parliament for the purpose of doing that which the united Legislature would refuse to do. (Hear.) Bntthen, again. itis said, If aJew is admaitted into Parliament, how can he perform his duties in aChristian Legisature 5" Thatargument was urged withgreat weight andeffect duiing the debateuponthe Catholic claims. The Roman Catholics acknowledge the principle of roselytism, they are opposed to the Protestant faith, and they look upon our establishment as founded on proDprt to which they are entitled, but that is not the case with regard to the Jews. They have no desire for proselytism, quite -the contrary; they have no claim whatever on the property of your establishment; they are quiiet, inoffensive people, w.ithourt any w.ish to interfere with other religions, anxious only to be allowed to worship God according to the rules of the Mosaic lawv. It cannot be said that if we do not pass this biUlia violent agi:ation w.ill followv. On the contrary, all that is relied on is the calm voice of reason, and your lordships in refusing this relief will be reversing the the old maiim of the Roman em p- "Parcere subjectis, et debelisre superbos." There is a very wholesome and convenient maxim in the law-dc minimis swn curat e= ; and I should like to apply it to the question now before us. I have heard this observation made.-"How can a man of the Jewish faith perform his duty properly as a member of the House of Commons; it is sometimes necessary that an election committee, as it sits de die in dien, should meet on a Saturday, and how can a Jew sit in justice on a Saturday e' I should not have noticed this argument, but that i.t comes from an hon. friend of mine, a great authority, and for whom I have the highest possible respect. fy lords, I havebeen in communication with the highest anthority on this snect, and I find that it is utterly contrary to fact to say that there is anything in the | Jew.ialireligion to prevent a man doing business of this sort on a Saturday, and I have now in my poC;et twvo passages from the Talmud, stating that duties of this kind may be performed on the Sabbath. Much has been said of the respect which we owe to the principles of Christianity, but I assert boldly that the course which the opponents of this bill call on your lordships to pure is directly at variance withtheprinciplesofChristianity. (Hear, hear.) We are told " to do as we would be done by," and not to force others to do that which we would not wish to do ourselves. (Hear, hear.) NToble lords who oppose this bill must be greatly inclined to reprobate the share which my noble friend opposite had in obtaimng the measures of relief which have lately been afforded by the Sultan to his Christian subjects. The argument used there was, that the question had nothing to do with religion, that it was a mere question of civil privileges; and this argument, joined to other collateral circumstances to which it is not nowv necessary to allude, was successful. The hatti scheriff lately promnlgated proclaims that Christians shall be admitted withoutdistinction to all civil rights, in the same manner as theMussulinan subjects of thePor, and at this moment there are two persons of the Christian religion in the Council, and one, as I am informed, of the Jewish faith. I have better hopes of this House this year from something which took place Last session, and which has been renewed this session. I took] up a bill which lay for several weeks on the table, in the preamble of which I find stated that nothing can be more unwise ormore contrary to all the principles of true religion than that persons should be subject to disabilities on account of their religions opinions or formn of worship. (lear, hear.) That was a bill brought in by a noble and learned friend of mine whose absence I regret, because I should have relied on him to support me to-night. That bill, instead of being sent to a select committee,was sent tothe Statute Law Commission, on which are somo of the first jurists and some of the most eminent lawvyers of every class in the land. They have examined the bill, and they have sent it down to this House without any alteration whatever in the preamble. This preamble, therefore, has received their deliberate sanction. (Hear, hear.) There are persons, Ibelieve, who look with something like scorn and contempt upon members of the Jewish religion. This feeling is the last remnant of the worn-out prejudices of former times, which spring from an entire ignorance of the character of this remarkable people. (Hear, hear.) My lords, w hen the Jews were led captive by the princes of Babylon some of their number were selected on account of their integrity and their talents to hold high office under their captors. When I turn back to Spain, I find that in the early history of that country, in the time of the Gothic Christians, the Jews were held in a state of oppression and tyranny; but the moment that oppression ceased, when the Moors had driven out the Goths, and a liberal system was established, the Jews emerged from their obscurity and for three centuries and a half they were distinguished by eminence in literature, science, and art. Precisely the same was the case in Germany. When the chains under which the Jews were held in that country were broken precisely the same result followed. They advanced in literature, science, and art; they distinguished themselves in classical literature, in biblical and ancient learning, and they stand upon a par with the most learned men in Germany-that most learned portion of Europe. (1leas, he4)llot very long ago a right rev. prelate, in answer to a depntation which waited on him on this subject, stated that his opinion of the Jews -was, that they were the most loyal, benevolent, and orderlypeople to be found anywhere. Such, my lords, are the British subjects-and let me entreat your lordships never to forget that these are British subjectswhose cause I am nowpleading-for whom I am not asking a favour, but demanding that which is their right. I have always held that one of the great uses of your lordships' Housewan to act as a check against rash, hastv, and inconsiderate legislation - butto act as a permanent barrier agaist a measure which has come up repeatedly from the other House of Parliament-a measure whch relates to the composition of the other House, theargaments against which are founded on a perversion of a passage in an act of Parliament and a misapplcation of its meaning-would, in my opinion, be inconsistent with sound policy and with the principles of the constitution. Upon three different occasions this bill has come up to your lordships affirmed by a great majority of the other House ofParliament, and from the time when this subject vas first urged upon your attention hundreds of thousands of petitioners have addressed yoLr lordships in favour of this measure. Upon seven or eight different occasions bills of this description have been supported by eminent men in the other house, and I therefore think your lordships are bound now to deal with this nestion only after the most careful consideration. l measure has been supported in this house by distinguished statesmen, by right rev, and most rev, prelates of great learning and nndoubted piety. I myself had the good fortune to be present in the other House of Parliament when this subject was first brought forward by an ancient friend of mine now no more-n man of great learning, of extraordinary religious feeling, and of distinguished eloquence-the brother of a very distinguished member of your lordship's House. From that time to this measureslike the present have been supported in the other house by all that was dignified and eminent in its composition, and upon one occasion byanoble and eloquentfriendof mine,whosemagic wand can "call spirits from the vasty deep," and at whose bidding, morefortunate thanmine, "they come"-when caUed. Uinder such high sanction I can withconfidence call upon your lordships for your support to this measure. Upon a former occasion a right rev, prelate called your lordships' attention to certain sermons of Archbishop Tillotson relating to the destruction of the Temple and the dispersion of the Jews; and the inference which he drew was, that if you passed a bill of this description it would be a counteracting of the designs of Providence. Bat, my lords, we know so little of the mysterious ways of Providence and of the means by which Providence works out the details of his plans, that ;e should he guilty of a great error, probably, if we formed ourideaof those means from the experience of our own limited Judgment. (Hear, hear) Our rule for the gaidance of our conduct throughout life ought to be governed by our sense of justice, of charity, and of those claims which our conscience satisfies us are foundedin truth andright. (Hear.) My lords, we have succeeded in establishing in Britain an hereditary monarchy, accompanied with free, elective institntions; but there is one exception to that system of freedom which otherwvise generaUy orevails-one blot, as I conaider it, which we ou"ht to eradicate ; and that is, in relation to the subject weich is now before us. Let us, my lords, I entreat you, banish that one objectionable measure to the region of old and obsolete laws; or rather let us tear it from the statute book, and thus make nerfect that system which is founded on the eternal principle of reason and justice-the independence of ciil- rights of religious opinions- " 'Tis the last keystone "That makes the arch. The rest that tbere are put " Are nothing, -till that conies to bind and shut. "Then, stands it, a triumphal mark." (The noble and learned lord was loudly cheered on resuming his seat.) Earl STAIH7OPE said that, when he gave notice of his intention to move the rejection of this bill upon its second reading, he did not know that the second reading was to have been proposed by his noble and learned friend. If he had known it, he certainly should have been careful how he entered upon an encounter with such a skilful master of debate as his noble and learned friend. His noble and learned friend had been pleased to say that, being conversant with his (Earl Stanhope's) public writings, he was sar- prised at the course with which he was now about to adopt. He (Earl Stanhope) was not cognizant of any of his public writings referring to this question; but he was sure that the course which he was now taldng was in entire conformity with that which he had uniformly taken in the House of Commons, where he had voted against the Jewish claims from first to last (Hear,hear.) His nobleand learned friend, after raising that objection to the person who brought the amendment forward, took some objection also to the amendment itself, and urged that the insertion or otherwise of the words " on the true faith of a Christian" had better be reserved for the committee. He (Earl Stanhope) thought, however, with all deference, that if he had allowed the second reading to take place without objection he should have been open to the charge of having relinquished the principle for whiih he contended. His noble and learned friend had dwelt at considerable length upon what were the intenions of those who ha framed the oath of ab- juration but he (Earl Stanhope) submitted that that wa^s only a collateral question; because their lordships entered that house not as antiquaries, but as legislators, ise onestion which he ventured to put to the House was, whether in justice or policy they were bound to continue the exclusion of the Jews fr om Parliament ? HRis noble and learned friend bad twice let fall the words " scorn and contempt," He (Eari Stanhope) most respectfully said that be did not clearly see with what right his noble and learned friend aecribed those feel. ings towards the Jews to him. ie entertaineeda o ruch feeings towards his Jewish fellow-countrymen. He knew many exoellent members of that persuason, and lie readily admitted the propriety with which they dis. charged the duties of their several stations ; he knew, also, the charity and benevolence whichmany of them exercised; and he knew that theirbenevolencewas bynomeanslimited to the members of their ownbody. (Hear, hear.) Enter. taing these feelings, ho hadconcuredinthemeasurewhich had been introduced byhis noblefriend someyearssince for extending the civil pnvileges of the Jews, -ermitting then to become magistrates in country districts, and aldermen in towns. That measure passed with -very general concurrence; but when he wm now further called upon to extenc to the Jews the power ofs ttinginParliament he was bound to ask himself whether there was not a most material difference between the dutiesof those who administerea and those who framed the laws. (Hear, hear.) Those who administered the laws were boundto execute them without any reference to their own opinions-they were bound by every obligation to execute the law as they found itbut when they came to frame laws they were called upon to perform a far higher and more responsible duty. Their opions then, whether for good or for evil became of {reat importance, and they were bound to give effect to their convictions. Upon that principle he could not conceal from himself that, to admit the Jews to the right of sittinz in Parliament, would tend to divest the Iature of that Christian character which it had hitherto maintained. (Checrs.) Their lordships knew that it was a leg"al axiom that Christianity w-spart and parcel of the law of the land, and he askied them to remember the great responsibility which would weigh upon them if they lightlg and writhoat sufficient cause ren'dered of no effect that which had hitherto been adopted without question as a mnaxim of the constitution. The noble and learned lord had referred to America; but there was one fact in the history of the United States which did not tellin his favour. In the Convention, which met immedlately after the first peace with England, there was an absence of all religious tests, and the consnequence -was found to be a corresponding decline in other reli ous obligations. No less distinguished a man than Dr. l;klin, in a speec still preserved, brought forward a motion forthe use of dMaly prayers. His words were striking and forcible. " I have lived," he said, "a long while, and the longer I have lived the more persuaded1 have become that God governs the affairs of men; and, if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice, do you think it likely that empires can rise without His aid?' But his motion waz rejected by a large majority, for, as he himself stated in a note to his speech, all the members of the Convention, except two or three, were of opinion that prayers were unnecessary. That was a strik-in- instance how soon, when there was no relgious sanction to the meeting of any legislative assembly, other religious obligations nmight cease to have value in the eyes of the members of that assembly. (Hear, hear.) When it was urged that the principle of the Christian character of the Legislature would be infringed by the removal of the words " upon the true faith of a Christian," there was an objection which had been frequently taken with respect to the cases of those who, although not really Christiant, had nevertheless sat within the walls of Parliament. The two cases most commonly referred to were those of Bolingbroke and Gibbon. It was well known totheir lordships how, sittiAg' in that house, Bolingbroke had nevertheless prepared and left for publication works denouncing the Christian religion as unfounded; and how, sitting in the other house, Gibbon had in his historical works aimed numerous blows at the truths of Christianity. He met that argument by pointing to the precisely similar case of the oath of allegiance. If the oath of abjuration did not keep out some who were not Christians, so the oath of allegiance to the 'reigning Sovereig failed to keep out some persons engaged intraitorousdesigns. (Hear, hear.) Of course he was not now speaking of the present time, when it was our felicity to live in a period EWhen there was no dispute at all withi rgard to the succession*; but the case was very different l00 or 150 years ago, when there was an exiled family living first at St. Germains and afterwards at .Rome, and 6laiming the attachment of a portion of the people of England. At that time some eminent statesmen used to swear true allegianceto William or George, being aU the while engaged in. traitorous correspondence with James, and included inuthe number were some men, who for their public conduct, were held in high reverence-such a warrior as Marl-borough and such a statesman as Godolphin. Nay, the argument applied to the right rev. bench itself, for in the "Stuart papers," which he had an opportunity of examining, by favour of his lato MWajesty, he found a letter from the Bishop of Rochester, who, while sitting in that house and taing an active part in its debates, wras in correspondence with King James, as he termed him, premoting-all -the planrs for the restoration of the exiled family. HIe did not suppose that these men intended to swear a false oath. There wa5 evidently some kind of mental reservation, and their lord-. ships would recollect a precisely similar case of recent date in a neighbouring country. In France, during the reign of Louis Philippe, some of the most upright and honourablen en in private life found the means of reconciling to themstIves the course which they adopted of taking an oath of allegiance tD the reignng Sovereign, all the while being in secret correspondence with the exed family. He iadmitted, then, that our oath of allegiance had failed t keep outsome who were not true subjects, but for all that there was not a single person in that orinthe other house of Parliament who proposed to dispense with that oath, and. by aparity of reasoning it was impossible to see why we sheuld get rid of thc oath of abjuration on-the plea that it lt tn some who were not Christians. (Hear, hear.) Thus. far the argument was merely ad hominc77, but it went much f-rfht-r, and it would befo und that. even with_the_ a-w thions and exceptions, tbere were great advantages attending both the oath of allegiance and the oath of abjuration. Although the oath of allegiance failed to keep out romewho were not true subjects, yet it effectually restrained their demeanour and temper, preventing them from making indecorous attacks on the person of the re'i Sovgreigu, or on the title by which he occupied the throne. Heregarded that asno inconsiderable benefitin itself, for he did not think there was any succession so rightful or so clear as safely to stand the wear and tear of daily Parlianmentary discussion, of being constantly called in question, held up to contempt, and exposed to invective of all kinds. The sameargument was applicable to the oath of abjuration. Although persons under that oath had come into that and the other house of Parliament without being really Christian, yet with the oath before them, and liable to be called to order at any moment, they had felt themselves constrained to use a decorous and reverent tone towards the Christian faith. The oath had prevented those unseemly discussiofis and irreverent allusions which no other barrier could have checked. Toillustrate this point, he asked their lordships to consider -what would have been the result if such a man as Tom Paine had become a member of the Legislature without taking the oath of abjuration, concluding with the words " upon the ttruX. faith of a Christian." It was no extravagant supposition that Tom Paine might have become a member of the English Parliament, since, being an Englishman, he did become a member of the Legislature of France. Supposing him to have sat in the other house of Parliament, how, without the oath of abjuration, could he have been restrained from constant invectives against the doctrines of Cbristianity ? With the oath his tongue could have been held in check, for it might have been triumphantly referred to in reply, or in interruption of any such attack; but, without the oath, there was nothing to have prevented him from s&aying, ` I know not why you call me to order; I have never professed to believe the Christian faith ; I believe it to be founded in error; and, believing tbat, I will take every opportunity to exDose it." He did not mean to imply that the Jewish gentemen now in question -would take that course; but he saw no security that all those w ho might by any chance enter Parliament, when the safeguard of the oath of abjuration was removed, would be discreet and decorous in their language, and refrain from denouncing in the most unmea. sured terns all the dDctrines of Christianity. (Hear, hear.) He thought his noble and learned friend was scarcely war ranted in making the remark that those who opposed the Jewish claims were enemies to the extension of civil and religious liberty. He knew that many of their lordships who thought it their duty to resist the admission of the Jews to Parliament also thought it their duty to supportbyevery means in their power the cause of civil and religious liberty. For himself, he had been from his earliestyears a friendto the extension of equal privileges to all classes. of his Christian fellow-subiects. He had uraiformly supported the clainms of the Roman Catholics, and had consented, Tatherthan compromise his opinions on that subject, to remain for some yeanrs out of the House of Commons. (Irear, hear.) He maintained that not merely did the arguments by which the Roman Catholic claims were maintained not apply to the admission of the Jews, but that, on the contrary, some of the arguments which most powerfully vindicated those claims militated against, and not in favour of, the Jews. (Efear, hear.) In this view of the case he knew that many eminent members of the church concurred with him. It was to be regretted that on many occasions too much was made of the points on which diff'erent relgious denominations differed, and too little of those on which they agreed. He thought it important that there should be among theofriendsof or common Christianity a bond of union that would -tend-to unite the -various denominationis of Christians, and'whiclr, would also of necessity exclude those who did not ptofess th. Christian faith. In saying this he hoped it would not b supposed that he thought they ought either to compromise or zive up the various points on which they disagreed; but stil he would say that momentous as were those points on which they differed, stm more momentous were the points on which they agreed, and which tended to engender among them a common fellow-feeling. This was an object of no slight importance, and one which ought not to be disregarded by their lordihips in -the consideration of a subject like the present. He was happy to be able to quote on this part of the case a very high authority-Dr. Arnold- a man zealous for -the advancement of civil and religious liberty, but who attached the greatest importance to the exintcnec of a common bonid of union be- tween the different denominations of Christians As the passage he meanttoquote met ina v erystriking manner one of,the leading principles laid down by his noble and learned friend, he would call his special attention to its language. Dr. Arnold said,- " It seems to be assumed in modern times that the being born of free parents within the territory of any particular State, and the paying towards the support of its Government, conveys a natural caim to the rights of citizen ship. Now, to those who think that political society was ordained for higher purposes than those of mere ipolice or of traffic the principle of the andient commonwealths in making agrec- metin religion and politics, -the test of citizenship cannot but appear wise and good. Christianity has answered these questions most satisfactorily by making religious and moral agreement independent of race or national customs, by furnlishing uS with a sur-e criteriOn to distinguish between what is essential and eternal and what is indifferent and temporary, or local; allowing, nay commanding, us to be with regard to everything of t i latter kind in the highest degree tolerant, liberal, and comprehensive, while it gives to the former that only sanction to which implicit reverence may safely and usefully be paid-the ranction of the truth of God." (Hear, bear.) Accordingto the-views hichhe (Lord Sta-- hope) took of this subject, he would say that the exclusigu.
HOUSE OF COADIONS, MoDA-Y, Ju1E 23. The SPEARER took the chair at 4 o'clock. The following bills were read a third time :-East Indian Eailvvay Comnpany Bil; Isle of Wight Steam-bridge and Approaches Bill; Severn Navigation Imrrovement Commission Bill, WVaveney Valley Raiway Bill, and Wimbledon and Croydon Railwvay Bill. Petitions prayingfor redress of thegrievance under which medical officers of unions suffer wre presented by Sir J. TROLLOPE, from medical officers of the following Poor Law unions:-Bingham, Wincanton, Aylsham, Tendring, Honiton, and Great Ousebumn; by Mr. ALCOCK, from the medical offcers of Wandsworth Union; by Lord P. CFCIL, frcm Stamford, from medical officers of Poor Law unions; by Mr. KENDALL, from the St. German's Union, Cornwall; anti from the medical officers of the St. Colomb Union; by Colonel ADAm, from physicians and surgeons of Cambridge, and from medical officers of Cambridge Union; and 'oy Ir. T. PAR=r,, from the medical officers of Preston Union. Petitions against the Mercantile Law Amendmefit 11U were presented by Mr. S'rurT, from the members of the Notting?ham General Exchange and Commercial Association, against those clauses which are calculated to impair thop security of written contracts; by Mr. G. CAVENDISH, from Chesterfield; by Mr. GREENE, from the corporation of Lancaster; by 3r. T. BARr.rG, from inhabitants of Bckide North Britain; also from Buckiagham; and by Mr. FOLLETT, from Bridgewater. Petitions were also presented by Sir J. W.ATMSLEY, from owners of propertyand ratepayers intheextra-parochialplaxe caled the "Friars," Leicester, praying for protection from the retrospective action of the seventh clause of the Poor Law Amendment Bill; by Sir A. AGNEW, from the parochial board of the parish of Inch, Wigtownshire, against the Scotch and Irish Pauper Removal Bill; by Sir J. ANDErsos, from the magistrates and souncil of Stirling, in favour of the bill for facilitating the trial of petty offences before justices and nagistrates in Scotland; by Sir G. STmICKLQm, from the Preston board of guardians, in favour of the representative principle being applied to the management of the county-rate; by 3ir. MALNs, from the mayor and inhabitants of Walinglord, for withdrawal of the Maynooth grant; by Mr. G. CAvEw-nIsHr, from Glossop, in favour of the Medical Practitioners Bill; by MIr. Ancoac, from Mortlake, for the abolition of church-ratesr by Mr. G. DUCAN, from the Trinity Board of Dundee complaining of the tax exacted from Brtish shipping at Elsinore, and praying that the British shipo%ner may be relieved from such tax; also, from the magistrates and tonn-council of Dundee, in f.avour of the Registration of Voters (Scotland) Bill; by Mr. ALEVC.XDEr. IHASTig, from the Lord Provost, magistrates, and town-council of Glasgow, against the Registration of Voters (Scotland) Bill, and against the Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Bill, hNo. 2; by Mr. FLO}-ER, from persons attending the market at Bridport, against the Agricultural Statistics Bill; by Mr. TorTr"NsLm, from the towvn commissioners of Nrew Ross, praymg that local ahairs in Ireland may be managed by local elected boards; by Sir J. TscOLLOPE, from the City of London Union and other parishes in London, forming the Central London School District, against the mode of charge forsuch schools on the common fund; by Mr. W. Locxmt.RT from the parochial board of Govan, against the Poor Law kmendment (Scotland) Bill, and the Nuisances Removal, &c. (Scotland), No. 2 Bill; also, from the inhabitants of the burgh and parish of Inverury, praying that the Parochial Schools (Scotland) Bill nmay be amended; by Mr. CxAuruRD, from inhabitants of the burgh of Oban, for immediate repeal of the Endowment of Maynooth Act (1845); by Mr. TiuoRNELY (3), from the Chamber of Commerce of Wolverhampton-one, in favour of a decimal 6ystem of coins, weights, and measures; anotber, for the iabolition of passing tolls, and regulatoio of local dues on ships and goods; and a third, for the reduction of duty on foreign 'wines, which the petitioners believe wvould induce the Government of France to reduce the import duty on the hardware muanufacturesof this country by Mr. G. Dusc.tx, from the magistrates and town.counci of Dundee, against the Poor Law Amendment Bill for Scotland; by Mr KENDA,LL, from several adventurers in Cornih mines, especially those in the vicinity of Camuborne, against the llatin- of Mines Bill; by Mfr. GRE: NArL, from attorneys and so`licitors of Warrington, in favour of the Wills and Administrations Bill; by Lord R. CFCIL, from inhabitants of Stamford, against the repeal of the Statute of Frauds; by Mr. Fur LER, fromn Evhurst, in the county of Sussex, for the repeal of the grant to Maynooth; by Mir. T. P.u=ER, from the board of guardians, Preston Union, against the Irish and Scotch Pauper Removal Bill; also, from the Preston Gas Company, against the Public Health Act Amendment Bill; by Mr. P. SCULLY, from the Cashel board of guardians, county of Tipperary, praying that grand jury cess may be paid in a similar wvay to poor-rate ; by tr. a. BEmezEmxEY, from the borough of Rochester, praving that all Parliamentary elections be taken by way of bailot; by Mr. WV.WTILLNTs, 10 petitions, against the rating of mines to the poor-from the inhabitants of the towns of Redruth, St. Iveys, and Helston, and from the adventurers in the lWheal Bassett, South Francis, Tresarean, and other iniues in the county of Cornwall; from the agents and working miners of St. Day United Mines; and also from the inhabitants of the parishes of Gwennap, Redruth, Breage, Illogan, Germoc, Marazion, Crowan, Sithney, Wendron, St. Just, Perran,St. Hilary ;andby Mr. P. O'BRiEN, from inhabitants of the parish of Vherry, in the King's County, in favour of the Tenant-right Bill of Mr. Moore; also, from the Roman Catholic Bishop of lillaloe, and several of the inbabitants, lay and clerical, of the town of Nenagh, against the Juvenile Offenders (Ireland) Bill. KING'S INNS, DUBLIN. On the motion of Mr. DAvisoN, returns were ordered of the moneys received by the hon. secretary of the Kings Inns, Dublin, from students-at-law, barristers, and attorneys, and the expenditure of the same. CASE OF COLO1TEL FRITH. On the motion of Mr. FAGAuN, a return was ordered of copies of all papers and correspondence that had passed between the East India Company, the Government of India and the King of Onde, relating to the claim of Colonel Robert Frith on the Government of Oude. COMMUNICATION BET5WEEN LONTDON ANErD DUBLIN. Mr. REPTON asked the Secretary to the Treasury if any arrangements had been made by the Government with the London and North-Western and Chester and Holyhead PRailway companies, and City of Dublin Steam Packet Com. pany, for'an improved postal and passenger communication between London and Dublin ? Mr. WILSON1 said, negotiations on the subject were in progress, and he had every reason to believe that they would come to a satisfactory termination. le hoped in a day or two to be able to receive a deputation from the united com- panies. NATIONAL GALLERY SITE BILL. In reply to Mr. H. VERNOX, Lord PALMERSTON stated that this bill would be pro. ceeded with on Friday after supply. AUST-RALIAN MAILS. In reply to Lord NAAs, Mr. WILSON said, that four tenders for the Australian Mail packet servico had been received and carefully considered. He did not at present feel justified in announcing the views of the Government with regard to those tenders, but he ho;ped, in the course of to-morrow, to be in a conditionto intimate to one of the comapanies that its ofrer had been accepted, subject to certain modifications which no doubt wouwd be assented to. He hoped tle service would be commenced at an early date-perhaps in the course of three months. LONDON CORPORATION BILL. In replyto Lord R. CECrL, Sir G. GREY said, he hardly expected that the London Corporation Bill would be taken on Thursday, but he would in a few days state the course he proposed to take with regard to it. NATIONAL EDUCATION (IRELAND). On the motion of Lord P.ALnEftsTON the orders of the day were then postponed, and M1r. FORTESCUE rose to submit his motion on the subject of the national system of education in Ireland. The hon. gentieman claimed the indulgence of the House while he took the somewhat unusual course of asking them to abandon one of their votes, and to reverse a decision at which they had arrived. But if the course he was about to take was unusual, it was because the decision to which he had referred had been arrived at under unusual circumstances. Very seldom, he believed, had an address to thu Cro wn upon such a momentous subject as that of Irish national education been agreed to under circumstances similar to those which occurred last Tuesday night. It was not necessary for him to go into the particulars of those circumstances, but he might say that on that evening it was notorious that there was a general expectation that the debate would be adjourned. (" No, no ! and cries of "Hear !") If ever there was a debate, which it was reasonable and natural to adjourn, it was the debate of that evening, for the important subject was very imperfectly discussed, and not one of those statesmen who were either concerned in the original establishment of the great system of lducation in Ireland, or who since its establishment had 3 ear after year supported it, had expressed his opinion on ,he occasion. He believed, too, that, with but one excep- ion,- not asingleProtestantmember for Ireland addressed the House onthe question. Under these circumstanceshe thought it due to the importance of the subject that some one should Endeavour to give the House an opportunity of reconsiderirg and reviewing the decision to which it came a few nights ago. (Hear, hear.) He had found that in point of fcrm there was a certain amount of difficulty in such attempt, for he learned fzom the Speaker that it was contrary to usage to propose a counter address to one already adopted by the House. He had therefore endeavoured to draw up a resolution, which, while framed with the utsuost respect towards the House and the Crown, should yet virtually and in fact have the effect of reversing the decision to which the House had rashly come (hear, hear) ; or, at al events, would enable the louse to review its former decision and albford anopportunity to many members whose opinions were of great weight to express their sentiments. He trusted that the resolution he proposed would be adopted, and that it would have the effect of guiding Her Majesty's hlinisters in the answer they rmight advise the Crown to return to the address which was carried under the circumstances he had alluded to, and which, if acted on, would subvert the most just, the most equitable, the most Irish, and therefore the most successful institution ever introduced into Ireland. THE R.OYAL COMMISSION. The hon. gentleman was here interrupted by the entrance of the Black Rod, who summoned the Conmnons to attend in the House of Lords to hear the Royal Assent given by commission to certain bills (for which see Lords' report). On the return of the Speaker, Mr. FORTESCUE resumed his speech. The proposal contained in the address of the right hon. gentleman attacks the national system of education in that which, of course, was the tenderest portion of all systems of educationnamely, the religious part of it. It proposed to modify the rules of the Education Board as toreligious instruction. The House would allow him to read the principal rule of the National Commissioners on that subject:- "Religious instruction mues be so arranged that each school shall be opened to children of all communions; that due regard be had to parental right and authority; that, accordingly, no child be compelled to receive or to be present at any reigious instruction of which his parents or guardians disapprove; and that the time for giving it be so fixed that no child shall be thereby, in effect, excluded, directly or indirectly, from the other advantages which the school affords." They were told by the advocates of the right hongentleman's proposal, that the great and only object of a national system of education was to produce a combined education, but that that object had failed, and therefore Parliament might well be called upon to give up an unsuccessful principle, and to adopt the principle of another society,-namely, the Church Education Society in Ireland. Now, he on the contrary maintained that the rule he had just read embodied the principle which was the fundamental principle of a national yswtem, nhat principle was not doubted; it was & pcinciple laid down in a great number of the reports of the commissioners and of committees of the House of Cemmons before the establishment of the national I system. The assertion of thast principle ran through all the documents of the National Commissioners themselves, anl j bad been declared and maintained over and over again. That principle, in thewords of the resolution he now proposed,was onewhi.h respected theparentalanthority,a-dmaintained andsecuredtherightsofconscienceto thechildreninattending I the schools, and excluded anything like compulsory religious teaching; that was to say, anything that made religious teaching a necessary condition of secular instruction. He found the same principle shortly laid down in the fourth report of the National Commissioners at an early period of the establishment of that board. He also found it in a letter addressed by the present Earl of Deroy, when Lord Stanley, to the $aynod of Ulster in 1833. A question had been raised as to the time when religious ismtruction should be given in the national schools; and his lordship said, that the days and hours for religious instruction mnust -be specified in order to remove from the mind of the Roman Catholic parent the possibility of suspicion that his child might be compelled to join in stndies of which he might not approve. That he (Mr. Fortesoue) took to be the fundamental principle on which the national system rested. It had been said that the National Board system had proved a failure, but that statement he begged utterly to deny, and the msore he had examined into the subject the more struck he had been with the gross exaggerations whlich were current with regard to it. The ilrinciple whicbl was embodied in the resolution to which he asled the Houqe to consent was one which ought to be considered entirely irrespective of the amount of children in the combined schools. If there were no combined schools in Irelaud, then the rule of the National Board might perhaps be of little advantage, but he vNs prepared to contend that as long as there were in Ireland any schools at all containing pupils of different religious persuasions snch a rule was absolately necessary, in order to maintain religious freedom and to establish the pnnciple that every child should have the power, under the authority of the State, of receiving secular instruction without, at the same time, receiving a religious education to which his parents entertained an objection. EHe wvas prepared to admit that there was in Ireland a smaller amount of combined education-by which he meant education in schools containing children of different creeds-than had been expected by the founders of the national. school system; but the fact was that,considering the circumstances in which Ireland was placed, the division of her population into different creeds, and the great difficulties which were in the way, the promoters of that systeus had been a little too sanguine, and had over-estimated the effects whicli would result from it. They had not reckoned upon that which had been the main cause of whatever failure-if the word failure could be used-had taken place ; he rmeant the opposition of that portion of the established church lhich upon the present occasion was represented by the right hon. gentleman opnosite. As regarded the proportion which the children in the schools bore to the religious persuasions of the religious community, that had very little to do with the i present question. The question, in fact, was not, were the: children in the schools combined in just proportion to their religious creeds? but,were there any children in the schools at nl? and if there were any children, then the rule of the National Board was, he maintained, necessary As retarded the number of children in the schools, it appeared that, according to a return made in 1851, there were in the' schools 456,000 children, of whom 390,000 were Romani CatholicsandG5,000 Protestants.of whom 23,000 belonged to, the established church. In the province of Ulster, where united education might be expected to prevail, the number of the children attending the schools was 146,000, of whom! 17,000 belonged to the established church. 41.000 were Presbyterians and Protestant Dissenters, audS6,000 were Roman, Catholics, In nine model schools, out *,f 2,113 children 6S belonged to the established church, 395 were Presbyterians and Protestant Dissenters, and 1,350 Renman Catholics. From a return made in 1852 it appeared, with regard to the managers of schools, that there were 81 clergymen of the established church, and 271 laymen-: making altogether 352 belonging to the established church. Would the House, then, consent to leave those children without the protection of the rule of the National Board, the very foundation of which was attacked by the motion of the right hon. gentleman? Now, what was the nature of the proposal of the right hon. gentlenian ? It was to establish a rule that,in Ireland,the national schools sholddimpose upon all children a peculiar form of religions instruction. The only exception to that rule in the draught of the ad-. dress was, that no catechisms or creeds were to be used in those schools. No donbt the objectwas to conciliate the: Presbyterians and the Protestant Dissenters generally, but it was a rather singular exception to muake when we rememberedthat it was not the practice of the Roman Catholic church to permit the use in its schools of any other thanits own catechism. (Hear.) There was no denving thatthe effect of the rule proposed by the right hon. member for lidburst would be to leave the minority of the children, whether Protest3an or Catholic, in aU schools entirely wvithout protection as regarded their religious belief. The principle on which the Kldlare-place system was, founded was one which, ignoring the peculiar circum-. stances of Ireland and the regulations and requirements of the Roman Catholic church, treated Ireland as if it were a Protestant country, rather than one which, containing manyProtestants, was yet in the main Catholic. It -as notorious that that syste.n, which inculcatedtheuseof the HolyScriptures without note or comment, did not obtain the support of the Romiian Catholic church.. The system now sought to be introdaced wvas not that of the Kildare-place Society. It was, as far as the established church was concerned, rather that of thc Church Education Sooiety-a body whose opinions and practice on the subject of religious education were suc^inctly explained in the following extract from a report of their commnittee in 1S17: - " The superintendent is left at full liberty to teach the meaning of the Scriptures to every child in the school. WVhere theright exposition of any passage of Scriphture coincides with the doctrine contained its the formularies of the church . . . . he gives it, not because it happens to be the doctrine of the chm'ch, bat because he considers it to be the meaning of the passage wbhich the child is reading. In a word, whUle the Church Education Society utterly disclainm all dishonest acts of proselytism, they feel thenmselves at full liberty to set forththe true meaning of Scripture, for the purpose of 'banishia and driving away all erroneous and strange doctrines contrary to the word of God,' whatever may be the effect on the religious belief of the children instructed sn their schools."' Such was the plan of education which the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Walpole) pro osed to substitate for that prescribed by the National Voard. It was to be regretted that,' while the advocates of the change consented to surrender creeds and formalaries for the sake of conciliation, they committed the inconsistency of retaining a rule which they could not but be aware was peculiarily objectionable to the Roman Catholic church-that of en-, joining the reading of the Holy Scriptures without note or. comment. As a Protestant, he could wish that the Bible was more freely used in the Roman Catholic schools, but, as a Protestant, lie was also the friend of Teligious liberty, and would not attempt to coerce the religious convictions of any clSs of his feLlow-countrynen. (Hear, hear.) The precise manner in which the Holy Scriptures should be taught in the schools was a question which had arisen at a very early period of the history of the national system, and lord Derby, then Mr. Stanley, had made emphatic allusion to it in his well-known letter on edecation in Ireland. Referring to the Kildare-place Society, and to the causes of its failure, lie used these xwords:- " The determination to enforce in all their schools the reading of the Holy Scriptures without note or comment was undoubtedly tak-en from the purest motives; but it seems to have been overlooked that the principles of the Roman Catlholic church (to which, in any system intended for general diffasion throughout Ireland, the bulk of the pupilsmustnecessarilybelong) were toially at variance with this principle." (HIear, hear.) It was true that, in England, the State made different grants to the schools of Chiirchmen, Dissenters, and Roman Catholics, and that it rendered obligatory the use of the church-catechism in the national schools, but these facts did not furnish any argument in favour of the application of a sinilar system to Ireland, for it was impossible to exaggerate the difference between the two countries. (Hear, hear.) One was a Protestant country, the other a country with a vast majority of Roman Catholic isnhabitants. The religious contentions which prevailed in this country were between Protestant sects, and were not to be mentionedc in the same breath vith the bitter rivalries and fierce jealousics 'Which unhappily raged between Catholics and Protestants. Proselvtism, such a bugbear in Ireland, 'was a word almost unknown-as between Protestant Dissenters-in England. (Hcar, hear.) Moreover, it was a mistake to suppose that the rule prescribing the use of the church catechism was that feature of the national system which was regarded with the greatest favour by the people and Parliament of this country. The very reverse was the fact. It was a source of perpetual grievance on the part of a large portion of the English people. and the complaints had become so frequent th;t, in 1846, the Committee of the Privy Couiicil were compelled to notice them in the following minute *- 'Their lordships greatly regret that the children of Dissenters are not admissible into church of Englandschools without these requairements, and would rejoice in a change of the regulations of such schools providing for their admission. Their lordships hope that much may be expected from a careful review of the civil and political relations of the schools . . . as a national institution. Regarded in this light, their lordships cannot but hope that the clergy and laity of the church of England will admit that the view, they take of the obligations resting pon them as to the inculcation of religious truth must be limited by their duty to recognise the state of the law as to the toleration of diversities of religious belief." (Hear, hear.) That was all that lie asked on behalf of the national system in Ireland. Besides, it was notorious that tho rule respecting instruction in the catechism in church schools was in many instances 3 elaxed in favonr of the children of Dissenters. None of i he proposals for promoting education in England that had :een submitted to Parliament of late years recognized the Trrinciple recommended by the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Walpole); on the contrary, they all embodied the very prnciple followed by the National Board in Ireland. The educational clauses of the F7actory Bill proposed a few years ago respected the religions scrnples of Roman Catholics, as well as other denominations. The schenme of the noble lord ihe member for London and that of the right hon. member or Droitwich gave comple'e freedom to parents to withdraw their children from religious instruction to which they conscientiously objected. (Hear, hear.) The Rouse fwas, therefore, now asked to introduce into Ireland for the ir$ time a principle which formed no part of any system that had been proposed to Parliament by any statesman. The effect of such an innovation must, to begin with, be the breaking up of the National Board (hear, hear), as none of the commissioners could be expected to assent to a rule to which they had for the last 20 years bcen strenuonsly opposed. Moreover, it would be impossible for their successors, whoever they might he, to limit themselves to an acquiescengC in the specific modifigripn in the sydtem de 3manded bythe 7ight hon. gentleman. They must go fher and extend separate grantataeall other religious denonmdn tiors as well as to the established church. Dr. Denver, a Roman Catholic bishop, .gve import4nt evidence on this point before the Lords' Comminttee -': - "A^ separate grant will -never give satisfaction to the atholics of Ireland unless it is an adequate gOnt-that is that a Catholio patron should be able to support his school and his teachersin such way as to be able to compete with the school and the teaclers of any other religious de. nomination within his paish or district. I say, also, with great re.pect to Cergymen of the established church, that they, having msore anan than others, wouldbe likelyto iave the grantsupplemented and atemented by subscriptions to such an *a ount that they pwould be able to give siothes books, food, e e. tothe poor Catholic children, toinduce the to leave the Catholic schools and come to theirs. Ahd noonly would these thigs occur, but I would apprehend that the landlords and Proteslint ewployers would amper ith thesent and operuste upon these m O as to induce them to sen their childrento t'eireschools under a threat, which would amst probably be put in execution, of dismisug the parents frontheir worsor tuning them out of their cbains, in theeventof their notsending theclldrentotheirechooels.et Besides, the bishop says, he would have the grant nerma- nent, because he thinks a annual vote for Irish tboman ' Catholic schools-exclusive-would lead to angry debates in this House; that meany mem bersy would say they could not h conscientiously vote for therm ' and that. Ireland would be kept in perpetual perturbation.rt The feav s thus expressed by Dr. Denver represented very fairly the apprehesions entertained on the other sitde of bt. George's Channel. Some supposed that by othis modisication i the system the Protestant clergy would be enabled to get hold of a large portion of the roman Catholic children of Irelaud; but such a notion he (cr. Portescue) believed nas wholly fallacious, because any attempt of that kind would only be the signal for such an outburst of zeal on the part of -the poman Catholic body as would utterly defeat the efforts of those who made it. (Hear, hear.) The right. hon. gentleman's plan would, therefore, spring a mine under the very foundations of the Irish national systed; while it ewould throw, back for mlany arlong year the steady progress of huadreds of schools in Iliched to knte of pertinaciou opposition and disastrous hnes, no fewer than 600i0 poor children b ere heceiving oinstuction. Who, the wr the parties in wnhose behalf so dangerous a change was advocated? The great body of the Romin Catholcs and Presbyterianeof freland veresatisfsed with the working of the present system-the only class which was discontented with it beingaportion, and merely a chrtion, of the adherents of the- established church. we wished to know on what grounds an alteration in the present system was demanded? Since the advent of Lord Derby to power, and since the inquiry before theWLords' Committee, the tone of the dvocates of an alteration of the system had undergone seone change. In the mnotion which wass' placed upon the paper on this subject in 1848 by the hon. member for the cUniversity of Dublin he asked the liouse t consent to a modification of the rules of national schools with regard to children belonging to the established church, but no such desire was expressed in the resolution wehich had been proposed by the right hon, gentleman opposite (M:r. WValpole). Indeed, it seem ed to be pretty gfenerally avowed that the c'oange was sought for, not wisth reference to the religious education of children belonging to the established chureb, but with the view of affording religious instruction to children who did not belongto that communion. They were told thatpmanyof the clergy and members of the established church in Ireland would not conscientiously give seclnnr education to any children unless, at the samue time they were permitted to impart religions instruction; and, as they objected to any system of education from which the Scriptures were excluded, they disapproved the rules of the Nationl Eoard. He believed the assertion that the Scriptures were exclnded fromn the national schools in Ireland wasualtogether unfounded (hear, hear), for the ScriptuLres might be used in every national school inthat country, provided their study was not enforced as a necescsary condition of ademission. (Hear.) In his opinion, the opposition of the clergy of the established church in Ireland to the national system of education arose from false pride, and from a feeling of annoyance at finding themselves placed, under that system, upon a footyng of fair equality with clergvmen of o'.her denomen..tions. (Hear.) That opposition arose from a sincere but, as he thought, from a mistaken sense of duty, which led the clergy of the establishment to refuse their countenance to any system of education which did not enable them to instruct cghildren in the doctrines of their ow.n church. It could not be supposed that the gwreat Presbyterian body of Ireland, who almost equalled in nsaumbers the established church, entertained less reverence for the Scriptures than any other body of Protestants, yet they had fully and frankly accepted the national system of'education. (Hear.) He had heard it said thatspecial advantageshad been afforded to Presbyterians, in order to secure their adherence to the system; but they possessed no privileges which were not eqrally extended to al other religious denominations.c sr soon as the Presbyterians were satisfied that, under the rules of the beard, they could give full religious instruction to children of their wncommunion theyatwonce adopted the national system. He did not think, however, that the conduct of the clergy and members of the established church had arisen from such conscientious scruples as that House would be disposed to regard, but rather from the false position in shich the estblished church was placed and from the nmfounded claims to relgious supremsacy which were put foriard on its behalf. He hoped, therefore, that the House, while it would be disposed to pay the utnost respect to an3- conscientious scruples, vould not listen to the cltim urged on behalf of a portion of the clergy and laity of the Irish church by the rlght hon. gentlemtan oppsite. He believed that if ever there was a body of men who were able to anke some sacritices for their conscientioo s convictions, and to endure some privations on account of theeir religions scruples, it was the established church of Ireland, which numnbered pnong its supporters a lari e proportion of the landed proprietors, and enjoyed the whole of the ecclesiastical revenues of that country. HIe trusted that the day would come when the clergy of the Establilshed Church in Ireland woulld change their minds and co-operate in making the national system of education in Ireland a still greater blessing than it nomp was. That day would be nearer if that body would not mix themsselves up with the contests of politicians in this country. The Iouse would see that the proposal made by the right hion. gentleman (Wr. Walpole) the other night was a direct reversal of those fundamental principles which had been the salvation and essence of the national system of education in Ireland. Believing that those principles were incompatibl Hoith the proposition of the right hon. gentleman (cr. talpole), and that they would in efFect exclude the adoption of shis resolution, which would, at all events, have the effect of quieting the minds of the people of Ireland, he trusted that his (sr. Fortesfce's) motion would receive the support of the House, being assuredrthat, as lsg as that House and the Government acted upon the principles contained in his resolution, there would be no fear for the stability of that great system of education which had con ferred such incalculable blessings uponIreland. (Cheers.) The hon. member concluded hyinoting,-" That this House has observed with satisfaction the progress made in the instrction of the poorer classes of Her MSajesty's Irish subjects, under the directionof the Commissioners of National Education; and is of opinion that inbthe adGuinistrati8n of that system, or i any modification of its roles, there should be maintained a strict and undeviating adherence to its fundamenttl principles, secaring parental authority and the rights of conscience to pupils of all denominations, by excluding all compulsory religious teaching, this Honce being convinced that no plan for the education of the Irish poor, however wvisely and unexceptionably contrived in other respects, can be carried into effectual operation, unless it be axplicitlyiavowed and clearly understood, as its lending principle, that no attempt shall be made to influence or disturb the peculiar religious tenets of any sect or deno nination of Christians." Mr. sIRKs, in seconding the moton, wished the H.ouse to recollect that it was not the Liboeral Gorernment of 1831 that originated the system of naMonal education in Ireland, but that it was the result of a commission apnointed by a former Government, of which Lord Liverpool, Lord Eldon, Sir K. Peel, and Mr. Goulburn were prominent members, contailng several dignitaries of the Church among its members, with the Lord Primate of Ireland at their head. In their 14th report the commissioners said: "We have applied our efforts tothe framiing of a system which, while it shall afford the opportunities of education to every description of the lowier chasses of the people, may, at the same tinie, by kieeping clear of all interference with the particular religious tenets of any, induce the whole to receive its benefits, as one u3ndivided body, under one and the same system and in the same establishments. [After w. hich they declare it to be their unanimous opinio :}-That no such plan, however wisely and unexiceptiona.bly constituted in other respects, can be carried into efifectual execution in this country, unfless it be explicitly avowed, and clearly understood, as its leading principle, that no attempt shall be made to influence or disruib the peculiar religious tenets of any sect or description of Christians." It was intended that the vested school pminciple should he the sole and single principle of the National Board at its establishment, this principle being that wvhere locZal p.arties procured ground, and raised one-third of the coat of the ouilding, the commnissioners should provide the remuaining two-thirds of the sumn required, the condition being that the property in th e school should be vested in them or in trustees for their use, and should thus bcome pub- lie property. The Presbyterians fomnd that they could not legally convey their schools to the commissioners, or make them national property, and there was a further difficulty, that these schools were built and endowed for Presbyterian purposes, and the members of that body could not agree that the Protestant director and the Roman Catholic yriest should have the right to go into these schools and give religious instruction to the pupils. In1S32, and again in 1S3., negotiations took place with the Presbyterians, vhich failed. In 1840 Lord Carlisle, who now filled the office of Lord Lientenant of Ireland with so.much acceptance, was then Chief Secretary for Ireland, and negotiations were entered into by which the Presbyterians recognized thefndamental principleof the board, and opened their schools to the children of every religious denomination, on condition that instruction according to the doctrines of Presbyterian belief should alone be given during the hour in each week set apart for religious instruction. Precautions were, however, taken agidest proselytism, and upon these conditions the Presbyterianjoined the board. The -children did not read the Bible as a schoolbook, and they ought not to do so. The opinions of the Rev-. Dr. Cooke, of Belfast, had been referred to during the previous debate. He had tureed to Dr. Cooke's evidence before the comninittee of the House o: ords. Dr.Cookestatedthathewsnotinfavourof any systea n of compulsion with regard to religions instruction, and he added, in answver to questions put by the Bishop of Ossoryg the great leader of the present movemnent, that it wrould baa. very dangerous principle, to say the least, to make the reading of the Scriptures obligatory upontchildren, becatse he held, as a Protestant, that no one ought to force religion upon another contrary to his conscience. The Presbyterians. in their negotiations with the National Board, had always show,n an anxiety to maintain their own rights, and to extend the- same liberty which they enjoyed to other denominations, They were not less d usi that the Scriptures should be read than members cf the Church of England; butt they did 3aot wlsh that others should be compellea to think as they did. H, held that the Bible would be rendered dist&te£ul to childr;aa by being pressed upon their attention against their wish as -well as by being altoDetherkept frouis-th#ms Asinillar opinion was expressed y Dr. Chalmersin his-evidence 1b& fore the comnmdittee upon the Irish Poor law which s2t in -1830. Dr. Chalmers said thati he would have no part ofE education mnade compulsory; that achildought no more t& be compelled-to ateda Bible class tm a rdng or arito. anetic class, and that compulsiontendedtio limit and preve4b the spread of Scriptural education and to establish in ith, minds of the peop2e a most hurtful association w.ih the Scriptures. Ie entirely concurred inthose opinions, which clearly suctioned the principles now embodied in the riles of the NationalBoard. Withregardto the resultsDof mixed education, although it had zot sucoeoded to the extent onor hoped, its comparative want of success must, he thought, be attribated to the opposition of the Church Education Society. (Eear, hear.) The R1ev. 3Lr.Woodwzrd, for some time secre. tary to the Church Education Society, had published a p unphlet in which he stated that in the frst report of -the s ~cley he had advocated opposition to the National BoRa upon two mnain grounds-first, that the rules of the commigs.oners "forbade the Church to instruct her clildren ix her own most holy faith;" and, secondly, " that they withheld ihe Word of God from a class of our countr=men.7' But the Rev. Mr. Woodward, in a manly and candid mianner, proceeded to retra-t those chsarges; he said "Plain truth compels me to declare that I regard these two main objections as having been founded on assumptions utterly unsupported by facts. Personal observation of Scriptural and Church instraction, actually given in schooli connected with the beard, showed me that there was a discrepancy between my pre-conceived notions and the rcality o.f the case. I was led to examine for myself. I found that I had wholy mnisconceived the t-ruth. It seemed to me, a3 it now does, clearer than the day, that the board is wholly guiltless of either of the charges upon -which I founded my < roinial oppsihiou. ' This was a proof of the misrepresentations which had beeni made with regard to the national system. He -would mention two facts bearing upon this point which he-had entractedfrom thereport of 1852. It there appeared fromnthe evidence of Mr. M'Creedy, inspector of schools in Ulster, that out of 1,095 schools, in 11 districts, there were not less than 755, or two-thirds, at which the attendance of pupils as regarded their religious denominatinns was fairly mixed. Those who knew little of Ireland could hardly conceive the effect which the site of a school produced on the attendance of the pupils, or the dislike of Protestants and Presbyterias to attend a school built on the ground of the Romaa -Catholic chapel, and vice vcrsd. Yet, of these 755 schools, at which the attendance was fairly mixed, 41 were built on meetinghouse ground, 42 on chapel ground, and one on church ground; but there were stil more curious facts connected with these schools well deserving the attention of the House-he meant especially the religion of the teachers and of those wvho employed them. In46 schools the teachers were Roman Catholics, and the managers Presbyterians; in 74, schools theteachers were }oman Ctholics, and the managers of the established church; in 45 the teachers were Presbyterians, and the managers of the established chulrch; in 2-<tho teachers were of the established church, and the managers Presbyterians,-one teacher was a Presbyterian, while the manager was a Roman Catholic, and one teacher was of the established church, andthe manager a Roman Catholic. Out of all these schools only 19 were under joint management. If they looked to the latest returns they found that the number of vested schools was 1,617, and of non-vested 3,575. Of the 1,617 vested schools, aborut 1,300 i-ere under Roman Catholic managers; who would not only not submit to the late vote, but would agitate against it, and he successful. In the year 1834, out of 4,4.5S schools 2,600 were fairly mixed, or greatly more than one-half; and he assmed that tAhis proportion still existed. But it wras of vital importance to note that, of the 2,600, there were not less than 1,745. in all of wich the Prtestants were in a mnority; and in 1,400 of them that minority was so snall as not tobe more than 12 to 14 per cent. of the number of children on the rolls. So that there were 1,400 schools, in each of which there were only seven or eight Protestant children; and, if the national svstem were broken down, those children must either forego iistruction altogether, or take it with such religious instuaction as the patron miighn choose to enforce, as it was clear that schools could not be provided for seven or eight pupils. In almost all these 1,400 schools the patrons and teachers were Roman Catholic. He was anxious to say a word with respect to the district model schools, the first of which was erected in the town of Neuwry, which he represented. The last return on this subject was nmade up to December, 1854, and these schools were, he believed, exclusively under the control of th1e commissioners. If these schools were fairly mixeil according to the nature of the population which surrounded them, there was great reason to believe thatthe systemn was greatly successfuL In Newry thelre were 265 scholars, 45 of wviom belonged to the established church, 152 belonged to Rtoman Catholics, 01 belonged to Presbyterians, and seren belonged to other denomninations; or 113 belonged to Protestants, and 152 to Romuan Catholics. These numbers did not bear a fair proportion to the nature of the population, but that there were not more Protestant scholars might be accounted for by the fact that there was a church education school there and two other very 'dourishing schools, the purpose of which was to. fit the pupils forthe Queen's Colleges and for Trinity College.InBaUymena there were 171 district model school pupils-. belongmgtothe established church, 40 to Roman Catholics, 101 to Presbyterians, Laud S to other denomina- tions. In Coleraine the number of these scsholars was 156, of whom 48 belonged to the established church, 32 to Ronlan Catholics, 90 to Presbyterians, and 3 to other denominations. The hon. gentleman proceeded to give the proportion of scholars belonging to different bodies in seven other localities, and the total result was that in the whole of the 10 places named the number of scholars belonging to Protestants was 656, and to Roman Catholics 1,403. He thought that that proportion represented fairly the character of the population by which those schools were surrounded, and showe that where the system hiad fair play it was found to be acceptable to the great body of the people. He trustead, therefore, that the resolution he had the honour to second would be supported by a majority of that House. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WALPOLE.-As the present motion, brouaght for. ward by the hon. gentleman who proposes it in a speech marked by great candour and temper, is made with the object, accordingto one part of the hon. gentleman's speech, of reviewing, andf according to another part, of rescinding the decision come to on Tuesday evening, I think the House will pardon-nay, perhaps, will expect me to state the course which I think we should take on the present occasion with respect to this resolution as connected with the address to, the Crown I had the honour to move. I think that two questions are raised by this resolution-the one is a question materilly affecting the relations of this House with the Crown, and the authority which this House has as a deliberative assembly (hear, hear); the other question relates more particularly to the merits of the motion which I brouzht forward on Taesday evening-a motion, be it remembered, that was fully given notice of, that was amply discussed, and that was finally decided, not by any pressure on my part, but with the full consent and concurence 0f the Govermment (loud cheers), who voted in the majority against the adjournment of the House. (Cheers.) On both of these questions, -with the permission of the House, I should like to make a few observations. And first with regard to the question which intihsrtely affects the relationsof the Crown with this House-I speak in the presence of the noble lord opposite (Lord J. Russell), than whom there is no one who better Inows what the constitutional authority of this House is; and I say upon that question that it is of infinite importance, when an address is made by the House of Commons to the Crown, we should notrashly, or without due caution, stir again in the subject until we have received an answer fromn the Crown. (Cheers.) Such, I believe, is our general rule-namely, that until an address has been answered it is notusual to move a second address with reference to the same subject. That, I say, is the ordinary rule, and I beg the House to consider well what the effect of this resolution will be if it be intended to rescind the address wvith reference tothe proceeding of this House. It, in fact, amounts to an evasion of the first resolution. It puts the House as well as the Crown in a false position. It represents this House to, the country at large as no longer what it ought to bea deliberative assembly, but an assembly deciding a question upon the chance of the moment, or in. fluenced, perhaps, by some attraction or sense oE duty elsewhere. (Hear, hear.) But, certainly, even if it. be important to attend to those calls, they ought not to draw us away from our duties here, however arduous those. duties may be. It also places the Crown in a still nore difficult, and, as far as regards its relation with this House, I think in an unseemly position. At this moment the Crown hastheaddresswhich hasbeenmovedand carried in its hands, while we are deliberating upon a resolution which is intended to rescind that address. If the resoIution should have that effect, what is to be the particular course which we are to take upon this subject ? The Cro has already been advised upon the subject with reference to the address which has been voted, without any information. with respect to any subsequent resolution w-hich might be passed for rescinding that address. I beg to remind the noble lord opposite (Lord J. Russell) that when an address was carrIel by this House on the subject of the Post-office carrying letters on a Sunday, and which address was voted on an evening when many gentlemen were not supposed to. be here, and whentheactualattendance wvas much lessinnu,nber than it was on Tuesdayeveninglast, andthemajority also, less than that by which my motion was adopted, an attempt was made, not by an address, but by bringing in a bill,to do away with the effect of the address which had been so carried. The noble lord the member for the city of London was then Prime Minister, the present First Lord of the. Admiralty was then Chancellorof the Exchequer, and they both opposed the bill,on the ground that it was not right or seemly that we should attempt to rescind an address voted to the Crown. tiear, hear.) Subsequently to that, the noble lord, having dcliberated, no doubt, npon thesubject, brought the lmatter under the consideration of theHouse. The noble lord on that occasion (it waas on the 1st. of June, 1L50) made a suggestion, in which I heartily ooncurred, wvith reference to addresses to the Crown which mybe supposed to have been adopted when the House was. taken by surprise. As the question has again occurred, perhaps it mnay be worth while to notice the opinion ofthe noble lord oni that occasion,. He said that since these addresses to the Crown are carried by a single vote, of the HoUse, without any subsequent opportunity of considering the effect of the addressesJ it misht be reasonable so far to aler the rules of the
PARLIAMENTABY NOTICES. HOUSE OF CONMMONS. TUESDXY. JUN 24. ORDZItS OF THE DAY. At 12 o'clock. Public Health BilL-Second redinz. PaPtnership Amendment (No. 2) Bil,-Committee. Joint-Stock Banks BiL-Adjourned debate on going into committee. Hospitals (Dublin) Bill,-Secondreading. C'ours of Commnn law (Ireland) Bill,-Committee. Sardinian Loan BilL-Third reading. Ways and Means,-Report. NOTICE OF NOTIO S. At 12 o'clock. Mr. Palk:-On motion for second reading of Public Health BiD, to move that it be read a second time this day three months. Mr. Vacnm-On motion for going into committee on Joint-Stock Bants Bill. tomsove that this nouse will upon this day three months, resolve itself into the said committee. OILDEIR' OF THE DAY. At the Evening Sitting. Lnaatic Asylums (Ireland) (No. 2) Bill,-As amended, to be consideredL Diesentors' Marriages Bill,-As amended, to be considered.. Hiay And Strawd Trade BclL-Second reading. lntestates' Personal Estates BiLl - Soconld reading. Vaccination BiUl.-Committee. Csamhridgef University BilL,-Third reading. Poor lawf Amendment (Scotland) Bill,-As amended, to be canaldared. Drainagef (Ireland) BilL,-Commixttee. Smoke Nuisance Abatement (Mfetropolis) Act, 1853, Amendment Binl,-As amended to be considered. Advovwsons Bill,- Counsittee. Judges and Chancellors bill,-Committee. NOTICEIS OF MOTIONS. At the Evening Sitting. Mfr. Mfacartney,-To ask under what head of expenditure, in the Appropriation Acts of 1854 and 1855. will be found the sums of £125,000 and eS,6JO, expended by the Board of Ordnance in purhasing lands at Aldershott and the adjoining parishes for the purpose of formnng a perisinent cnnuip there. Mr.. Xrn,ith,-To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Departmentif he has any objection to statethe amount which he is prepared to alow forthe support of juvenile criminals in certifed reformatories before the 30th of June, on which day the quarter sessions will assemble. Mr. Pollard-Urquhart.-To ask whetber the Government are aware that certainof the clergy of the established church in the diocess of Dublin have prohibited Presbyterian and Dissenting clersnen from holding any funeral service at the interment of their people in the consecrated burialground, thereby compelling them, in some instances, to hold the funeral tervice on the highway, or wherever they best could. Mr. Noel.-To ask whether, as an ea ly day wil be fixed for the entry of the Guards into London, Her Majesty's Government would consider the propriety of bringingup other regimentg who have arrived from the Crimea on thatoccasion, so that au opportunity m!iht be afforaed to the inbabitants of thie metropola of welcoming portions of the Artillery. Cavalry and Infantry of theLine ala, and of teStifying the sense they entertain of 2he serviced rendered equa:ly by the wshole army during the late war. Mr. Wilkinson,-To present a petition from certain registered and qualified electors of West ;ent. complaining of the conduct of Eichard Ogle, E9q., revising barrister of that divi sion, for not allowing cestain the case of frivolous objections, and praying for an alteration of the law;. Major Reed.-That an humble address be presented to Her Majesty, praying that she will be graciously pleased to grant the appointment of a Royal Commission, in order to receive such evidence as may be brought before it by constituencies who complain of thb present syatem of open voting, or the limitation of the franchise. ColonelNorth,-That this House will resolve itself into a committee to consider of an address to Her Majesty, that slhe will be graciously pleased to give directions that the annual sum of £501 be paid to the iieutenant-Govemor of Portsmouth for table money. Mr. Polard-Urquhart,-Select committee to inquire into the practicabilityof defraying auy portion of the National Debt by terminable amnuities, or of adopting any other systematic plan for its gradualreduction. Mr. Oliveia,-To call the attenticn of the House to the high duty chargedupon foreign and colonial wines, and to move, witha Tiew to promote increased commercial reltions vith France, Spain, Portugal, aud other wine-growing countries, that the House wia resolve itself into a committee to take into consideration a reduction of the same. Mr. T. Chambers,-Select comumittee to inquire into the present state of the law of artistic copyright: the operation of the Engraving and Sculpture Copyright and International Copyright Acts; together with the conventions entered into by Her hlajesty with various foreign States, and the orders in Councal founded thereon, so far as the same relate to artistic copyriFht, %vith a view to the amendment andconsolidation of the Engravmg and Sculpture Cepyright Acts Mlr. Bowyer.-Selectcommittee to inquire into the claims of Mr. Edward, as representative of Mr. Sturgeon. on the fundaprovided by theFrench Govement for compensation to British subjects. Sir J. Fitzgerald.-To submit the just claima of certain numbers of persons, Her Majesty's subjects, on the Spauiwh Govemment, for an honourable settlement ot the Spanish Committee Certificate of Coiupons not funded. Viscount Ebrington,-To move the following resolutions,-That the long continued excessive mortality of the British army hasbeen mainly caused by the bad sanitary condition of their barrack accommodation; that this House has viewed with satisfaction the efforts of successive Governments, aided by Parliamentary grants, to improve the moral, intellectual, and physical condition of the British soldier, and is encouraged by the happy results of such efforts and grants to hope much from a continuance and further extension of the same; that much still remains to be done with regard to barrack- accommodation. firstly, for its increase, witha view to the discontinuance of the present practice of billeting, as being alike oppressive to the civflian and demorahsing to the soldier; and, secondly, for ita improvement, both as regards the healthy accommodation of the troops in general, and the decent acammodstion of the married soldiers. That, in the opinion of this House, such increse and improverent are imperatively calledfor, not less by goodpolicy and true economy than by justice and humanity. hfr. 1unntz,-Copy of returntransmittedby the guardiam of the poor of Birmingham to the Poor Law Board, dated the 4th of Jume. 185S, showing the total amount expended for the maintenance and relief of the poor, and the cost per head on the population in 42 unions and parishes, including the parish of BiLmingham, for the years ending Lady-day 18 and 1855. Mr. Ricardo.-Rehuns of the amount of National Debt existing on the 5th of Aprl since the ye3rlS5i; specityingthe description of stock. the interestrpyable on each description, the reduction or increase of interestpayale eachyear. withthe cause of such reduction or increase and showing the amount of stock created or redeemed in each year, and of the amount of stock canceUed each year in exchange for terminable annuities since their creation: specifying the amount of terminable annuities in existence in each year ending the 5th of January since their creation up to the year 8153, and on the 3th of April in aU subseouent vearsun to Anrit R55 in-t3-d
To the LIVERYMEN of the CITY of LONDON. Gentlemen. AVING so recently been elected to the distin- H guished position of Aldermen of this ancient City, and althoughi we are both equally ilug itiosteDrve othteoffice of Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, and uphold the privileges of our fellow citizensx, wve nevertheless hope that you w.ill allow US to postpone our serning that office until another year. We ask this favour writh the less difficulty as' two gentlen:en are willing to serve, both qualified by property, and de- EDW AGLETON. June 23, 1lES .WI LIA M LAWRENCE To the LIVERYMEN of the CITY of LONDON. Genitlemen, U NDJERSTA?TDI.G that it is the wish of Mr. Alderman t gleton Bad hr. Alderman Lawrence (who stand next in rLtation for Sheriffs of 10ndon and liddlesex) to postpone the rerving of that office this year. we therefore beg leave to offer omrselves for election, assuring ou that, if wve should have the honour of beiul elected, the office shall not suffer either in the accustomed hoespitaisties. the maintenance of our charities, or the duties and dignity of thait distinguished position. Wfe a re. Gentlemen, Your fithful and Obedient serrants,, , June 23,1856. FRED. REATS. I :&UNDATIONSinFRANCE.-The Committee will t meet THIS DAY, at the ManLion-house, at 2 p.m., and daily at the same hour untilfurther notice. zAmount already advertised, £16,815 12s. sd. The tirdsabscription list will he published on Thursday morning. Subscriptions in aid of the fend for the reliefofthe.mfferers by the inudatonsarerecive byalltheLononbnkee;and by the lijht Hon. the LordMayor, thbe^Teaslureerof heFnd.e3kr;adyhl ANDREW S. SCOBLE, Sees. C1T. JAMES's THEATRE to be LET.-This elegant KIJ and commodious THEATRE may be engaged for a limited period, or on lease. with immediate possession. For particulars apply to Mr. Hamilton EBrahiam at the Theatre; or at Mr. MitchelUs Royal Library, 33, Old Bond-street. H1 ERMAJESTY'sTHEATRE.-Mdlle.Piccolomjnj -First Night of La Figlia del Eegimento.-On Thmsday next, June 26, (a Subscription Night, in lieu of Tueesdlay. August 5.) will be performed Donizettisx Opera, LA FIOGLTA UEL REGGPIMNTO. larie, MdUe. Piceolemini(herfir.tappence inthatpart); Tono, SignorCalnolari;andSergenteSulpizio,SignorBelietti. Afterwhich, a balet divertiseement, by MdUes. Taglioni. Katrine. Ro, Boschetti. Clara, and Pierron. Onl Friday net, June 27. for the enefit andLast Appearauco of Mdlle. Marie Taglioni, La Figlia del Reggliento: Mlarie, Mdlle. Picoolomini. With the bailet divertissement, entitled LA B3ouquetiere, in wbich Mdlle. Marie Taglioni will appeLr, and vanous entertanmments in the ballet department, supported by Mdlles. Taglioni ohetti, atsine. Poa, Clara, Pierrn, Mnme. ABeUon, &c. Applications for boxes, stalls, and tickrets to ha made at the boxoffice of the theatre. Colonnade, Hraymaxket M R OYAj ITALIAN OPERA, LYCEUM.- OQn Thursday next (ExtraNight), first time this season of IL IIARBIERE D} SE VIGLIA. F YCEUM THEATRE.-Madame RistorL-Last LJ Ncight of Medea.-To-morrow (Wednesday, June 25) wiU be performed, for the last time, the new tragedy MEDEA. Medea, Madame Iistori Commence at half-past S. On Friday next, Madame Ristori inRo5munda (irst time). Monday next, MorningPerformanca of Pia de TolomeL Fis de Tolomei, Madame RistorL -KRIUX-LUA9NB.-han_aginq Diret;or.% Alr. J. IL srTally and F. K;ingsbury.-41st Nl ;Lht of the English OpenaIn consequence of the great overflow to erery part of the house last night. DER FREISCRiUTZ and the other entertainments will be repeated THIS EVEXIN`G and Wednesday. UOYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THISi J EVEN-MG and durieg the week will be presented Shakacpei 1 la of THIE WNTEI'S TALE. Preceded by A PRINCE FOR ALFRED WIGAN,'s BENEFIT.-Mr. M RAlred Wigan has the honour to announoe that his B3eneft will tak-e plae at the Olympic Theatre on Saturday, July S. U)P OYAL SURRE HETE-Itaflin Opera and tt Ballet-In consequence of the extraordinary sucoess of Italian Operas during the past week atrangements haye beenmade for aaother series of representations, which will include sesval favourite works not hitherto producecd at this theatre.-T EVENING lTuendaY. June24,) ill ho performed Roeuni' comic opera IL BAREXItE DI SEVIGeIt Rosin, hadamh e Caradori; t igaro, Mont . Gasietr. To be followed by the ner ballet divertiyement, LA NYMPHE DES BOIS; in which lhiis Roelna WVright wrill apprs. Performances to commence at half-past 7, at the usual Surrey priteea boxes, 3s.. p,t, Is. pROllESSOR ANDERSON, at Sadler's-ellms x Theatre, July?1. in MSAGIC and MYtSTERY. zTANDARD THIEATRE-Lat Nights of the Wizard-Professor Andersan.-It is respectfull an-oDosea that, although the audiences oc the Starndard Theatre continue to be the largest ever known writhin its walls, and the popularity of the get Wizad of the .North increaxe at every reprcesentatiou, reious 3rrangements render it necessr that his last aperance at the east end of London will occur in si few days. MAGICandMYSTEY EVERY EVYENING, twith new tricks, newY apparatus, newr wonders., andnew myterties. Doors open at? rcloclc: cemmuence at half-peat. Lower circle, is; upper circle, Sid. pit. Sd. Private boxes atyarlena pcicee,-The Great NXational 8tandard Theatre, Shore citchIL HER MAJS3T'Sa ITEATRE. idile. Joharna Wagner. THIS E;VEMING (The.dsy. June 24) will be Terformne &inrg, onera, entitled I CAPULETII ED I MONTZOQHL Ronet Mile. Jobhana Wagner: Juliet. Md1le. Jenny Baur; Tebsldo, Bieor Re:cbardt; Lorenro, Signor Bouch6; an' Capelin, SlX.or Berie. wentano. In the BRaI Scene will be introduced a DiTertiuement. Pa de Daex: Mdhle. Marie TEglioni (her lsst appearance but one) and H. Chirle. After whicb, u B&alet DiTerfiswement. Pea do Quatre: Mde. Katrinek Lirereumc Galby. andPieron. I^ Segidilla: Kdlie. 1axieTgelioi a*ld bL Charles. Apilicatlon for boxes, t, and ticke-ts to be xnide at the box-offioe of the theatre. Colonnade, A Haymark-et. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ IROYAL ITALIAN OPERA. LYCEUM. THS EVENING(Tuesday. Juue24) wilibe performnedDonizettrL celebrated opera ,LuCREZIA BORLGIA. Lucreria Borgla adamus Grsiui Ma'dio )reuini MdUle. DidUi;e Dou Alfonso, Signor Rtononui; Gazella. H. Ze$gr:; Rustichello, Signor Soildi; Gubetta, Signor Taglia.: fico: Astolfo. Sgnor Polocom- Vitellozo, Signor Gregocia; andGennaro, Sigsor Ma3rio. ConductorMr. Costa. To conclude writh the ballet drvertlseement entited EVA. Principl cbrctr by h. Deeplcee s,nd M.dlle. Cerito. Commence at S. DRURBY-LANE. ,THIII EVE1IG (second time). DER F.REISCHUTZ. , dUle. Despr_t, Mlisaflyer. M1r. Hensy Haigh, 31r. Borrani, &c. Followed by the last Act o} IL TROVTO RE; or, The Gipey'a Vengeance. To conclude with the Laut Act of THE BOHEMIA GIRL,. THEATRE ROYAIs HAYMRKETZ. lUnder the Mangement or Mr. BuC;stone. TIIIS EVE:INLG. SIN'GLE LIFE. Mcsws. Chippendal1e, uocatone; H£iss Swaborougb,M..s.Poynter, te, Alter which, Perea lBeos sad the Spanih )ancers. GBlhlSifAW, BAGSHIAW. AND BRADSHiAW. Concluding with THEE POSr.IS K'OCK, ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEAETRE. Under the ?Ianagement of Mfr. Charles Keam. THIIS EYENI&YGwllheb presented A PRINCE FOR AN HOUR Alter which, Shakpeare's play of THIE WINTER'S TALE, THETE ROYA. ADESLPEL Propaeteg, Yr. B. Webster: Directress. M1adame Celeete. THISB EVNIG, THE PLYIN'G DurcHMN: He3scs B. Webeter, Wrightv P. Bedford, Ca SeThy, J. Blend: 3li33es M. Keeley, K, Kelly. anDa Madame Celeste. With (at second price) L1IKE AND UNIKE: Meassrs B. WFebster. Wright, andMadame Celeate. ROYAL OLYMPIC THETEE. L,essee, Mfr. Alfred W1EaS. THBIS EVENINYG, A FASCINATINYG INDIVIDUAL: IL-.?r Rolison, ),Iisssaatleton and&taeaton. RETBIBUTION: * hess A Wign G. Vining, E;mery, Mis HIerbert. And CATCING Ai MERAI: Titus TuBa MIr. F. Robson, Commence at i pes 7. ROYAL SURREY THEARE Italian Opera ad BaDlet.-NSewr Series. THIS EVENINXG (Tuesday, June 24 will be performed Rohsinra f3vomcite opera, IL BARBIEItE DI SISYIGLIA. Bosiua,lIadaue Caradori; Figero, YOnS. Gassier. To be followed by the new ballet divertissemoent, LA NMPHE DES BOIS, in whi'zh Hs Boal Wright will appear. Commuence at half-peat 7. ASTLEY'S ROYA AH'HTHEATRR. Lessee and Mfanager, Mr.W. Cooke. THISB IVEN'}NG, THEI ORSE; OF THEil CASVERN * or. The M[ounted Brigands of the Ab2rusm. Also Dherais' Performing Deja and hlonkeys. The Equestrixa Scenes of Art in the Circle. To con. clude with TH FETIVALi OF PEACE: or. Hlonour to the Brave TO CORRESPON5DENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of£ The Tin2es is reduced to 4d., and that 5Md. is the price of a copy with the 7impressed stamp affixed. lJnder the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) 172ie Thnes is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countrle6 without an impjressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatevrer is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the naEme and address of the writer; not n,ecessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. £T The publication of TsE TanS commenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, end finihed ut 10 minu-es past 9.
LOBiDO.Y, TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, Lord LYNDHunST, in moving the second reading of the Oath of Abjuration Bill, said it was extremely difficult to understand what valid objection there could be to a measure of this description, seeing that the words in the oath, " on the true faith of a Christian," the retention of which was advocated by the opponents of the bill, were never intended for the purpose to which they had been made subservient. Anticipating the amendment of which Earl STAMINOPE had given notice, he said the regular course would have been to read the bill a second time, and then consider the amendment in committee. If this bill were rejected every one of their lordships and every member of the House of Commons would be obliged to swear that no descendant of the person pretending to be the Prince of WALEs had anv right or title to the crown of these realms; and in the present day to compel a person to take an oath of that description was an act of folly and of impiety. Adverting to the bill to be introduced by Lord DEP.By in the event of the present measure being rejected, he submitted the only result would be that the bill would be passed by their lordships ancd then go down to the Commons, by whom it wouild be rejected, and the question would just remain where it was. Lord LYNDHVEST then proceeded to review the history of the oath of abjuration, maintaining that it was originally framed to meet the case of the Roman Catholics, although, since the passing of the Catholic Emancipation Act, no Roman Catholic was bound to take it, and the oath might therefore be abolished without one single Catholic being affected by the change. He reminded the Rouse that the oath which Roman Catholics were obliged to take did not contain the words "on the true faith of a Christian," and therefore those words had been practically abolished, so far as they were concerned. Irrespective of these considerations, he contended, as a fundamental principle of the constitution, that no British-born subject ought to be disfranchised, unless by some legislative provision intended to be directed expressly against him, or against the class or body of which he was a member. Re cited the opinions, among others, of Lord SoRs and Lord-Chancellor TAIeor, to show that in their time the Jews were precisely in the same condition as any other natural-born subjects of the CRowN; and he submitted that it would more befit the character of Parliament to exclude themby direct legislation thanbytheconstruction of words never intended to apply to them, and inserted into the oath for a very different purpose. Alluding to the argument, often adduced, that the omission of the words in question would "Ium-Christianizethe L egislature," he asked if it could be said that Parlisament during the reign of Wn;z,r Im., or in that of the pious XEDWARD VI., was less Christian than it now was? REe had heard it said that it was inconsistent that a gentleman of the Jevish persuasion should be a member of the Legislature of a Christian country. What was the meaning of a Christian country ? It meant a country in which the Government and the great majority of the people were Christians; but it did not mean that the natural-born subjects of another faith were to be deprived of the civil rights and privileges conceded to the rest of the community. Re reminded their lordships that members of the Jewish persuasion had for many years past been called on to exercise magisterial and municipal functions both in this country and its colonies, and that the manner in which they had discharged their duties in those capacities had been altogether irreproachable. The general demeanour of the Jewish people was quiet and inoffensive, and, in worshipping GOD according to their own conscience, they evinced no desire whatever to interfere with the national religion. Re asked for this concession to the Jews as a right, and not as a favour. On a subject affecting tho composition of the other Rouse of Parliament, to insist on the retention of a paSSage in an act of Parliament which had become obsolete he submitted was inconsistent with sound policy and the principles of the constitution. Reminding their lordships that thousands of petitions had been presented to them from time to time praying them to admit the Jews, and that on seven or eight different occasions bills of this kind had come up to their lordships' Rouse from the Commons, only to be rejected, he suggested that these were circumstances that required caution and careful consideration, and called upon them, as an act of simple justice to a meritorious cLass of their fellowsubjects, totearfrom the statute-book an enactment which excluded them from a privilege open to every other member of the community. Earl SrANorz said, the course he was about to take on tnis occasion was in entire conformity with that which he had followed when a member of the Rouse of Commons. He referred to his support of a bill in that House some 12 years ago for admitting the Jewish people to the enjoyment of various civil privileges; but contended that there was a material difference between those who administered and those who framed the laws; ancd he could not conceal from himself the apprehension, that to admit the Jews to sit in Parliament would tend to divest the Legislature of the Christian character it had hitherto borne. He asserted that though the -oath of abjuration had not always prevented persons gaining seats in the House of Commons vwho were not Christians, it had had the effect of restraining the language of such persons. He thought it important that there should be a bond of adherence to our common Christian principles,
MIr. WAtPOLE affects to think it exceedingly hard that he is not allowed to reap the full benefit of his lato successful surprise. He cannot carry off the QUEE-N and her Mlinisters to some political fastness, parley with them in private, and exact a good ransom from their distressed friends. The rescue had no right to appear till the unfortunate captive had put her name to some document entitling her capturer to confer with her friends as to the price of her liberty. That is precisely M1r. WALPOIi's complaint. It is one that has often been made before, as it appears to be a belief in some quarters that the SovENmwf of this country is the only person in the world who may lawfully be compelled into doing something contrary to her own judgment, contrary to the judgment of her chosen advisers, and contrary to the judgment of the Legislature, as proved by a long course of years,-contrary, in fact, to everything but the opinion of a small band, who have availed themselves of some accidbntal opening to pounce down upon her, break her guard, and lay her for the moment in their power. This, too, is the sort of proceeding which these gentlemen consider emphatically " constitu" tional," which in the glossary of faction signifies something which is neither legal, nor equitable, nor right, nor wise, nor humane, nor decant, nor anything else commendable, and is therefore, for lack of any other good sense, " constitutional." On Mr. WALrPoLs view of the case of course it is, for he is one of those gentlemen who always obligingly furnish their opponent with a pair of blinkers, enabling him to see just the one consideration offered to his notice and precluding all others. Could we just forget that the House which voted this addrems consisted of only 216 members, not a third of the whole body-could we forget that it was the night of the QUEEN's Ball, -could we forget divers other circumstances, and could we, in this way, imagine that the address was a solemn and deliberate act, instead of a clever trick done by 113 gentlemen got together by a private " whip," then it would follow pretty much as Mlr. WALPOLTE lays it down. Nay, more; it would have followed, also, that HzER MswrsTy should dismiss her advisers, send for 3Ir. VALroPoE, and place at his disposal the Parliamentary grant now given to the Irish Board of Education. But as we, for our part, beg to take into account rather more particulars than Mr. WA1POLE would confine our attention to, we are not content with the inferences to which he would drive us. In like manner, if we would only be so obliging as to see Mr. WIALTor,'s address exactly as he would have us, it does not in the least interfere with the National system. So he said last week, and so he repeated last night, in a language of still bolder defiance. The challenge certainly is a very courageous one. Blind as Mfr. WALPOLE may imagine us and the rest of his opponents, we are not so blind as not to observe that, according to the terms of his address, he demands the assistance of the Board for the Church schools, " uzhlatever their -egulations may be as to the " mode of religiouts i2istruction." Now, if that point be given up, there is an end of the National system, which rests on the principle of non-interference -with peculiar religious opinions. It is true that the qualification to which Mr. WALPOLE and his friends profess themselves willing to submit might afford the National Board some sort of leverage for correcting flagrant demonstrations of proselytism. But the real meaning and power of the liberty claimed by Mr. WAJLPoLz for his Church friends is best understood by comparing it with the species of provocation, or, as they think, justification, they have to demand it. The Roman Catholic patrons and managers of non-vested schools, when they have their own way, do aU they can by pictures, emblems, and arrangements of the school business and hours, to influence the minds of the scholars. Thus it undoubtedly comes to pass that many a school assisted by the National Board wears a very "Popish" character in the eyes of a Protestant visitor. We shall not enter into the question whether it is right or not this should be so. It is unnecessary to go into that question, for the plain reason that there is no attempt at proselyfizing here. 'TheRoman Catholic managers do their best to improve the faith and quicken the piety of their own people, but have no hope of conversion. We preaume that very few Protestant children are sent to the Roman Catholic non-vested schools, or that if one goes here and there his faith is in no danger. The question the Board had to consider in assisting such schools was not whether it would abandon its guarded neutrality, but whether it would affix to its assistance in these cases the condition that the Roman Catholics should give up, as regarded their own people, their usual demonstrative methods of religious instrction. It is a very different case when we come to the Church schools. Here there is an undisguised warfare on the peculiar religious tenets of the Rooman Catholic Church. "The regulations as to the mode of religious in"struction," so carefully reserved by Mr. WALPOLE for the interference of the Board, would be directed not only to the instruction of the Church scholars, but even in a greater degree to the conversion ef the Roman Catholics. Nor would it be much protection, if any at all, that the latter were not to be obliged to learn the catechism, creed, and formularies of the Church of England. These are not the favourite engines of proselytism, and the Protestant zealots of Ireland suffer but little sacrifice of power or of feeling in making a gift of them to the National Board. As MIr. FoRTEscun's resolution is unopposed, the result is a compromise, the nature and meaning of which pass our humble understanding. MIr. WALroIE, having in his address reserved for his Church Schools absolute liberty as to their mode of relgious instruction, now consents with equal readiness that there shall be no attempt made to influence or disturb the pecular religious tenets of any sect or denomination of Christians. Here are two principles of a directly contrary nature. In virtue of the one the patrons and masters of a school claim the right of talking to the children, teaching them by word of mouth, preaching to them, correcting their expressions, ehiubiting pictures, printed texts, creeds, and formularies, at their own discretion. If the words which form the gist of the address do not mean this and a great deal more, what do they mean ?-what is the address worth, and why has the Irish Church fostered a grievance by refusing the assistance of the Board till they have got this concession ? The words mean either something or nothing. If nothing, as Mr. WAr.rOLE would now have us imagine, then why so grave a constitutional movement as an address to the Throne, and why does Mr. WALPOLE even now insist on the propriety of waiting till IIeP MAJEsTY has repEled to what we are to believe an empty form of words? But we believe the words not to be unmeaning. MIr. WALPOLE cannot suppose them to be unmeaning. His tone on Tuesday last was that he was making a great demand, the denial of -which had been a serious grievance. His friends in the press proclaimed the division as a great victory. That victory, as we believe they correctly explained it, was, that the Church schools were henceforth to have the assistance of the National Board, without any check or hindrance to their inseparable and inextinguishable proselytizing tendencies. Henceforth they were to share the Parliamentary grant, even though they were to interfere, as it was said they ought to do, with the errors of Popery. That was the language of MIr. WAroLE's supporters out of doors, and it was justly called a great step towards a reversal of the policy of 1829. But, if this interpretation of the address be correct, what is the meaning of BIr. WATxoLe'S sudden adhesion to Mr. FoRTEscux's resolution ? We must leave the paradox to his friends, who will doubtless do their best to reconcile it; but we venture to predict that if any attempt is made to carry both plans into practice they will be found utterly irreconcilable.
The Jewisli Disabilities Bill has been again rejected in the Hlouse of Lords, by a majority of liO to 78. We need not say that we regret a decision which leaves this important question still undetermined. That the majority against the Jewish claims is less considerable than on former occasions is little consolation. It is evident that a majority of the Upper House is determined neither to listen to the argameats of common sense and conunon juatice, uor to respect the repeatedly expressed opinion of the Commons. It may be said that during nine years every man eminent as a statesman has recorded his vote for the measure now once more rejected. The chiefs of two great MEnistries, Sir ROBERT PEEL and his followers, Lord JoHL RUJSsELL and his colleagues,-not to mention the leaders of the new Conservative party, Lord GEORGE. BN-TiNCK and MIr. DisRAsrT, have been from the first supporters of the Jewish claims; yet all these have been unable to prevail. The bill is, for the seventh or eighth tiue, rejected. A majority of 32 declares that no settlement of this important question shall be made, even after years of discussion. Lord LM-Nj)HusT moved the second reading of the bill in a speech the logical force of which none of his opponents ventured to grapple with. The venerable lawyer showed, with a clearness and power seldom found in any assembly, that the oath of abjuration did not contemplate the exclusion of Jews; that the words " on the true faith of a Christian" were in use before Jews came into the country, and he asked without receiving an answer, on what principle acts of Parliament were to be construed if it were not held that the spirit and the presumed object should be the principal point in consideration. If Jews were not excluded intentionally by the legislators of King W=mr.sa's time, why should we bend a form of words to effect this purpose in our own day ? These arguments arise so naturally that it is almost a work of. superfluity to suggest them; when, however, we see a measure of expedien6y and justice defeated year after year through the non-recognition of such apparently fundamental principles, we cannot but recommend them to the consideration of the opponents of the Jewish claim as they are given in Lord Ly HxrxsT's able speech. On the subject as a whole we can say little that has not been urged many times. The arguments of Lord STANHOPE apply equally to the exclusion of all who differ from. the Established Church of the country. Assuming, as he did, that the State religion has a special right to protection, it would be the duty of legislators to re-impose tests on Dissenters, and, on Lord STAoPE's own principles, it might be urged that no abstract right to a seat in Parliament exists, but that the privilege is only earned by an adoption of the religious principles settled by the State. All that is urged now against the admission of the Jew was formerly urged against the admission of the Roman Catholic; as now we hear of a common Christianity, before we were told of a common Protestantism. It would be an act of impiety to admit Romanists to legislate for a Protestant State. Romanists, it was said, mipght with propriety be magistrates or sheriffs, because in that case they would only have to execute the law, while as members of Parliament they would have a share in framing it. In fact, the present restriction on religious liberty can only be defended by the arguments which have been weighed and found wanting on so many former occasions. The opponents of the bill tell us that England is a Christian country, using the word " Christian" to express the faith of the vast majority of the people, and then declare that the Parliament should be Christian, forgetting that this title would equally belong to it, according to their own use of the phrase, if even four or five non-Christians happened to be members. The objections that the Jews could not serve on committees on a Saturday, that they could not join in daily prayers, that they could not agree in an address to the SovEBEiG- in which Christianity was alluded to, and that they have no interest in England because they are going back to the Holy Land, we leave unanswered, feeling that no argament is likely to prevail with those who entertain them. The very fact that no excitement prevails on the question makes the illiberal decision of last night a matter of stil deeper regret. No one can doubt that if popular pressure were exerted the House of Lords would concede much more than is now asked. The whole history of this body is made up of submissions to popular demands loudly urged. But in this case there is sound argament and no menace. The Peers are urged by the chief statesmen of the country, by the soundest lawyers, and by repeated majorities of the Commons, to admit a certain class of British subjects to the full rights of citizenship. It is proved that no law intentionally excludes them. It is proved that for years they were not excluded. The House is reminded that in recent times they have repeatedly acquiesced in the principle of allowing Jews to legislate. Not only in continental countries and in the U-nited States of America does the Jew share these legislative rights, but in Canada, in Australia, at the Cape, he is on perfect equality with Christians. The constitutions of these colonies are the work of the British Legislature in our own day. Not twenty years have elapsed since the new Government of Canada was inaugurated, while the constitutions of Victoria, of New South Wales, and the Cape of Good Hope were framed since this very question of Jewish disabilities arose. Yet the Lords, legislating for infant colonies, were content to allow them to be uncbristianized from the cradle. Either, then, these communities are Christian in spite of the absence of tests, or the Lords have been guilty not only of inconsistency, but of impiety, in allowing the desecration of the newlyformed assemblies. But why should we point out further the contradictions and feeble sophistries by which the opponents of the bill sought to justify their iUiberal vote ? They have had their way, and vanquished by numbers, if not by argument. Europe will once more be astonished by an exhibition of narrow-mindedness contrasting with the usual liberality of English politics; and the advocate of temperate reform will be reminded how hardly and how slowly its triumphs must be won even in what is called an enlightened age.
Well and opportunely did the hero of Kars exclaim to his Dover audience-" Wo to the 5jnation that neglects the military art !" Such a warning came forcibly and justly from a soldier who had seen such a military organization as meets the eye at St. Petersburg, Berlin, and Paris, and whose own professional experience enabled him to judge of the resources of the great European Powers, and the science and discipline which combine to make those resources most available for the purposes of aggression or defence. It is a warning that ought not to be lost upon us in En,gland. The whole continent bristles with armed troops. These troeps are raised from populations which have become essentially military by dint of traditional and repeated conscriptions, even during a period of comparative peace. They are commanded by officers whose promotion in a great degree depends upon their knowledge of their profession, and from the flower of whose raDk-s are selected the members of the 6kat-major. They are habituated not only to the exercise of parade and the routine of regimental drill, but likewise to that more comprehensive discipline which embraces large brigades and vast encampments. All this may appear to us wasteful and ridiculous excess. Economists may call it a waste of strength, Quietists may condemn it as a demonstration of brute force; but, affix whatever epithet you choose, the fact is so. The great continenta. nations possess large and powerful armaments, highly disciplined, and admirably officered. Whenever war breaks out-and who is so rash now-adays as to guarantee- continual peace for one twelvemonth ?-war will find them prepared with efficient forces, and an excellent organization. At this time we are reducing our army; but in doing this we do not forget that a little of what is good is better than a great deal of what is second-rate. If we are to have a small army there is no reason why we should not have a very good one. We have men in different raiklls of life capable of making admirable private soldiers and intelligent officers. We have money wherewith to reward them. It can only be by great blundering that we miss the attainment of an object which has been reached by nations not more populous and far less rich than ourselves. The discussion which arose on the Army Estimates lastFriday shows that the House of Commons is fully alive to the necessity of maldng such provision for military efficiency as 20 years, or even 10 years ago, it would have considered wholly superfluous. Even the representatives of the economical principle came forward with their suggestions for increasing the comforts and improving the organization of our soldiers. As was truly observed by Sir J. PAxTo, the country is wounding itself by an ill-judged parsimony when it expends 1501. per annum on the reformation of each criminal, and only half that sum on each of its soldiers. The same gentleman reiterated a suggestion often made of late years, and to which it will be most advantageous to give early practical effect. He reminded the House that "they "could not make a man a thorough soldier unless "theyprovided him not only with aplayground and amusement, but also an exercise-ground, work"shops, and places where he might learn how to "pitch a tent and become handy." It was this "unhandiness" of the British soldier for all purposes beside those of downright fighting that was among his most painful shortcomings in the late campaign; and this was in no small degree attributable to the favourite theory at the Horse Guards, which discouraged, if it did not prohibit, the employment of soldiers on ordinary public works. Undoubtedly it would be a great mistake to allow soldiers to neglect their special duties for roadmaking or joinery, but that is a greater mistake which results in causing the soldiers to exclaim, as some of them did when ordered to the trenches, " Faith, we came out here " to fight, not to dig; the recruiting sergeant told "us when we 'listed that we should never have to "handle a spade again." The fact is, the English soldier has yet to learn that marching and fighting are not his sole business; that he must not forget many arts that he knew before he enlisted, and must learn others in addition. Among the latter, cooking is one of those which are most necessary and most strange to him. Half the success of the French armies is due rather to their general handiness at all the off-work of a campaign than to any other merit or virtue; and their extempore cookery was the triumph of savoir faire. Of course, the success of any innovations or reforms will mainly depend upon the character and intelligence of the soldiers among whom they are tried. Soldiers drawn from the dregs of society, uneducated, ignorant, filthy in their habits, and inert or sensual in their dispositions, will profit by no projects of the Legislature and no expenditure of the public money. But it is not necessary that our soldiers should be drawn from these elements. M. DE BAZAmCOuT, indeed, informs us that some of the best fighting soldiers among our allies were from a class who would have repudiated with contempt the slightest imputation of respectability. But we are not more inclined than compelled to resort for our recruits to such " braves." We prefer having respectable soldiers, because we know that, while they have equal courage, they have greater intelligence and selfrespect than others; and we know that we can procure them if we set about the attempt in the right way. And, as Sir J. PAXTOw and Mfr.WmrisArs observed, the best way is to give the common soldier the means of comfort, amusement, innocent recreation, and healthy education in his barracks. A series of measures designed for this object and successfully carried out will in a short time entirely overcome the repugnance felt to " soldier" ing' by the more respectable of the labouring population, a repugnance which was provoked by a state of things happily now obsolete and antiquated. The Sappers and the Artillery are already recruited from men of very respectable parentage and decent education, and recruits of this stamp will be multiplied in proportion as the Government and the Legislature exhibit an energetic desire to improve and exalt the condition of the common soldier. But, however liberal the Legislature and however paternal the Government may be, all improvements will be comparatively useless unless the officers who are responsible for the training of the soldier possess the requisite acquirements and ability. As it is, the discipline, character, and appearance of a regiment depend mainly upon the energy and good sense of the commanding officer. Unfortunately, there is no recognized means whereby good commanding officers can be secured to regiments. It is quite an accident whether a regiment shall be commanded by an indolent, careless officer, or by an active, intelligent, rightminded soldier. But when we have to consider the command, not of regiments, but of armies-when we look to the sources for supplying a Staff upon whose professional skill and experience hanog the lives of thousands and the honour of our country, alas! then we feel how weak-how worse than weakhow mischievous has been our system hitherto. The discussion on Friday night was very discursive, and touched on many topics. Among these was a personal one, to which justice compels us to allude. 3Ir. STrAsroD praised General STORKS, the Commandant at Scutari, in terms which have our cordial concurrence. As this officer owes his position entirely to his merits, as he has displayed in former employments not only great intelligence, but also urbanity, tact, temper, and address of no ordinary kind, and, in the last trying position which he has occupied, a power of administration and organization which I wvould have adorned a more prominent command, we trust that his return will not consign him to obscurity and neglect, while less distinguished but more favoured officers rise to posts of honour and , emolument.
THE BisHorRIc OF GmLOC,STER 4+D BRISTOL.- We -are requested to state that the announcement of the appointment of the Rev. R. C. Trench to the vacant see of Glocester and Bristol was premature. No successor has, we believe, as yet been found for the late Bishop. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of 51., as conscience money, from " L. WI." The Iord Chancellor has appointed Mr. CharIe3 Saunders, the present Recorder of Plymouth andl)evonport, to the County Court Judgeship vacant by the death of Mr. Willmore.-Globe- THn AnMn) SRAATiE REFORM Jy9EIUM.-From the low tone in which Mr. Francis Lyne, chairman of the Tribunal of Commerce Association, addressed the meeting at the London Tavern on Saturday, he was misunderstood as supporting the resolution proposed by Mr. Morley. The object of his remarks was to call public attentionto theneed of a chamber of commerce in the city of London, as, at prekent, he said, upon every commercial question that went bfore the House of Commons, the knowledge manifested b)y the eiiy representatives of the commerce of the country was laughed at by every chamber of commerce in the kiidom.
COURT CIRCULAR. General, had an audienre oafn the QPernincshe oaltrnoeon. had sebattete to Her Mojesty the proceedings of some Courts-martial. The Pxince of Wales rode on horsebaek. and Priaw ILeopold took a drive in an open carriage and four. Prince Fxedericlk Wiiiam of PrussiT n.itecl Prince Oscar of Sweden yoesterday at Claridge's HoteL Prince Albert and Prince Freaericl Wisliaga of rnossia ode oneorsebackd in e ftthe afternoon er Mitesty and his Royal HEighness the Prince Consort ourts-urr theiaerformanceLoftheLPhilharmonic Concert with their pres-ence in the evening. Her Mlajesty and his Theal rihnces of Wese rccodpied on the Prince of Wales, thePrincesFredersck William oe PrssAltand Prince arederic ofilm Swde yePtrdssia.yThe Royal p ana the ladies agd H PrinemAlbert vaitnd PrinceuederiEckf te Queen's camriagesi odle onhorseback in the Pafternoon. iinutes before S- The Royal stite consisted of the Dtcbess of Wellington, th e D hess of Atholl; the fn. Carotine Cavenicish, the tHen. Flora nacdonald ; EavI Spencer a Lord Stywarnd Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain the Dukoe o 'WelIington, MEaster of the Horse - the Marquis of A bercorn. Groom of the Stole to the rn ince, a rd Privers, Loric GWeorge LenPox, Baron MoltheR Sir Edward Bothter, lade or General Wylde, Lo uie Charles Fitzroy, Captain theRgon. D. Dlefost Lieutenant de S ahveckensteie, Dr. Wagner, and t the Dralsing csoom on the 20th inst. oady Honywgoon vas presente to the Qheen, upon her l ain iage, dby the Dowager Lady Honywood; We aro requested to state that Lady Charloete Maofi Pepys ancl Lady Emily Pepys attended Her Mzesty'a drawng-room on Friday last. lr. ltampbell Anderson, Attors ey-General for Bahamas, andGthe Hon. E. St. l. t air, from NeL Zeaand, hald interviews yesterday Cith Mr. Secretary Lapouchere. Sir Charles Nichoeson had also an interviewt with the Wighn hon gentleman at the Colonial-office. The Judicial Committee of the Pxivy Council sat yeOterdAy. Presenr-the ChaRceUor of the Dnachy of Cornwall, Sir John Pateson, SirlVilliam Maule, and Dr. Lushington. The appeal from the Prerogative Court of York-, " Brow v. Platt," part hexrd, was concluaed * and an appeal frora the Prerogative Court, Q Farlar v. Ipane," has art heard, Despatches were received yesterdty at the Colonial-ofrica from the Governors of New South Wales, West Austhamia South AH.strala, Tasmania, Hictoria, New Zealand, and Sha Helena. Despatches were sent to the GoveCor of the ceCr Coast of Africa.
MeSS BURDETT COUTrTS AD THE -KNOWLEDGE OF "CoDsgoN TlS.o."-Miss Burdett Coutts is verylaudably labouring to diffuse a knowledge of what are called "common things" (but not the less important for being common), among schoolmistresses and fenmale pupil-teachers. On Saturday week Miss Coutts visited the Whitelands Training Institution for Schoolmistresses at Chelsea (in connexion with the -National Society), to award and distribute the prizes for common things vwhich she had offered for oomrne tition. MI1iss Coutts was received by the officers of the Institution, and conducted to the large worizoom, wher2 she made the following address to the assembled young women (150 in number), who are either schoolmistresses in charge of important metropolitan schools, or pupils in training at Whitelands, or pupil-teachers apprenticed to schoolmistresses:- "Before I give these prizes, I must first thank all the schoolmistresses -who have competed for them, as they, by coming forw-ard, have, I believe, given a great imptuse to industrial training-the object I have so much at heart. It has been impossible to visit the schools of theschoolmistresses now present without feeling that they also have had this object greatly at heart, and that each in her district has tried to advance it, under a great variety of circumstances more or less advantageous, arising from a difference of local circumstances., Considerable misapprehension or misunderstanding has,i beleve, existed with the publc generally, and even sometimes among the schoolmistresses and pupilteachers, as to the sort of education the Committee of Council on Education wished to promote; but none of the pupils in Whitelands, or in the schools the schoolmistresses of which are now present, can doubt that in these schools the first object of the committee is to encourage mistresses who wil strive to promote, to the best of their means and ability, among the children under their care a sound scriptural education, industrious habits, and such an amount of information upon all subjects connected with their wants and occupations as will render them happier and more useful in their respective stations and clases. Social differences amnong classes must exist;* but to whatever class a person m"ay belong, the industrious discharge of the duties of that station in life is a socialand religious obligation." A copy of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Commentary on the Hewo Testa ment was thendelivered to each of tne successful candidates among the schoolmistresses. To each of the succeesfal candidates among the pupis at Whitelands another religious work was presented, and as each candidate advanced from the ranks to receive her prize, Miss Coutts called attention to those points in her written exercise which had secured it for her. Some she commended for the sensible manner in which they had spoken of "household work," "teaching boys to knit," "needlework," "countr7matters." One sho speciallycommended for her observations on the influence exercised by the "head of thefamily." "It is quite true," said thispupil, "and it should not be forgotten, that though a woman cannot alter this after marriage, it is entirely inher own power whom she chooses to make the head of her family." And to this remark Miss Coutts added-"Teachers would be doing a kindness to point this out to their elder girls when they leave school; and advise them, before they marry, to observe carefully the habits of life and conduct towards others of those who wish therm to enter into so serious and responsible an engagement." Other pupils were commended for their excellent treatment of economy, and their feeling answers on kindness to anima.ls (inlsects included]. The pupil-teachers were lastly called up and presented wiith appropriate prizes. The ev. Harry Baber, the chaplain of Whitelands, was t.hen authorized to state that XMiss Contts purposed to continue her offer of prizes for common things. The pupils in training and the pupil-teachers were invited again to come forwarf and compete. The chaplain informedthe candidates that Miss Coutts had visited in person the school of each candidate, and thoroughly examined the whole of the papers. He then offered to Miss Coutts the best thanks of those assembled for the great amount of care and time and thought which she had so kindly bestowed upon them. Archdeacon Sinclair, as treasurer of the National Society, and the Rev. F. C. Cook, as Her Majesty's Inspector of Schools, both spoke warmly of the services which Miss Coutts had rendered to the cause of education, and pressed upon the young women the importance of making every attainment subordinate to the formation of a reEgious and practical character. When the meeting vws over, Miss Coutts and her friends visited different portions of the institution, and expressed themselves much gratified with the spaciousness and manifest fitness of all the arrangements. They then returned and rejoined the young women, and conversed with them on the subject of the day. The proceedimgs closed with a wholesale tea-driking, Miss Bzet Coutts not only "assisting" at, but partaking of, the refreshments. In a private letter of Miss Coutts, which we have had the opportunity of perusing, that lady states that she has been most anxious to impress upon this effort to promote industrial training a "femmnine and domestic" character. The scheme has been carried out with the distinct approbation of the Committee of Council on Eduction, vwho offered to attend on the occasion, and it has now assumed sufficient importance to be made public. S3T. JozN's FovN-DATioN SCHOOL.-The anniversary festival of the celebration of this school, -which is founded for the free education and maintenance of the sons of the poor clergy, came off yesterday at the London Tavern, when upwards of 100 gentlemen partook of the good things furnishedby Messrs. Bathe and Co., Lord Robert Grosvenor presiding. It was expected that the Bishop of Oxford would have been present, but neither his Lordship nor any other dignitaries of the church made their appearance. The musical arrangements were more than usually good, and everything was conducted on a scale of liberality and good taste. Inthe course of the evening the noble chairman and others addressed the company in advocacy of the objects of the foundation, and their addreses were responded to in a very satisfactory manner. IANFRT I GALERY, VBXTCE.-15 of the principal pictures in this galery have been purchased by Mr. Alexander Barker, the well-known possessor of a choice collection of works of art in London. According to recent accounts from Venice, Mr. Barker was in treaty for an additional portion of the Manfrini Gallery. It is thus probable that l the more important specimens of that gallery will be transferred to this country. AN ExTRAORDLNAiY FIsH.-A fine specimen of a fish-most probably the broad-nosed sturgeon-WAs recently captured on the north-east coast, and forwarded to Manchester to Mr. 31uirhead, gamedealer, and it has been by him presented to the Salford Royal Museum, where it is now to be found, admirably preserved and mounted, in the British Natural History-room. This fish is a female. When captured, it weighed 1201b., and measured eight feet from the tip of the snout to the end of its sbark-like tail, and three feet six inches in girth at the middle of the body. The colour of the back and sides is of greenish gray, with the belly lightergray. The body is curiously divided by five owvs of flat bony plates, running from the head to the tail, and the head is encased in a complete armour of similar gates, joined at the edges in a very compact manner. The tist rowv of 11 plates, commencing be-hind t'he head, forms a sharp ridge line down the back; the next two rows are placed on each side, five inches below the first, and each consist of 30 triangular plates. The other two rows are placed on eachsideof the belly, but they join about two feet fom the taiL Everywhere between these platesthe sLdn is rough and filled up with small osseous scales, like a tessellated pavement. The snout is broad and depressed; at severn inches- from its tip and underneath is placed tho suckerEhaped toothless mouth; and miadwy between occur four pencil-shaped feelers or cTi, used for probing for food in the muddy bottoms of rivers and etuaries. Altogether the specimen is a very interesting one. Althougb, at present, it has been named after the description in YarrelWa Britis7& Fishes, as the broad-nosed stur eon, it cannot be said scientifically to he identified -with that, or with any other of the species described in Yarrell's work-, or in the great work ona .Fivopean1 Fishes, by Bonaparte, Princo oE Camnin. Probably it my turn ont to be an undescribed spcecies. The flesh as consideredto be very palatable by piscaherial epicures.-Zan-- chtster' 5uardia's.
PORBRGN ISTIELLIGKECE. FIBANCE. tAportion of the foUowing appeared iu oor second edition Af lF-qtorxv -I (rsox ourR OWX OORBRSPO"DEN.) PAlrIS, SUNDAY, Jrnxx 22, 6 P.. In his letter deiiouncing the doctrina of political assassination, which appeared in The Times of the 28th ult., M. Blanin affirmied that many of the murders perpetrated in Italy, which have done so much injury to the cause of liberty in that country, an7d which have been cxclusively laid to the account of the Liberal party were the acts of the partisans of Austro-clerical despotism, and that the Church it3elf h2s lost much of its authority because, wvith a view to its material interests, it has not always recoiled from the use of means w7bich sound morality invariably reprobates, nor has it rejected, as it should do, the aid of instruments themselves perverted, and the cause of perversion to others. The orgaus whose interest it is to perpetuate a system consdemned by morality as well as by Christianity have of course pronounced such an assertion calumnious. Nothaing, however, is more true; and to prnve its correctness it suffices to inention two facts, which in Italy are notorious, though perhaps they are not much knowvni in En glaud, and which may throw new light on the deplorable condition of that ill-fated country. In Central and Southern Italy there has existed for years a certain sect known as the Smnfed.esti, or Defenders of the Faith. That sect, organized after the fashion of a secret society, and urder the denomination of Catiotica Aepostolicsa SoectpM dei Sai.fedesti, is placed unider the patronage and protection of the police; and its avowed object is the defence of the "throne and the altar," to be attained by the extermination of the Liberals by a1I the means in their power. T'he following is the ferm of cath taken by every new brother on his admission. I give the Italian text as a guarantee of the fidelity of the translation - " GIURnAMESTO. "lo, N. K., in presenza di Dio Onnipoteate, Padre, Figliulo, e Spirito Santo, di Maria .emnpre Vergine im- acolata, di tutta la Corte celeste. o di to, onorato padro, giuro di faredii ta;liare la mano dritta, la gula, di morire dslla fame, o fra p }ift atroci tormonti; e prego il Signore Iddio Omniipotente che nii condanni alle pene eterne dell' Inferro. piuttosto che tradire o ingaauiaro uno degli or.orandi padri e frate7ll della Cattolica Apostolica Societi, alla quale in questo momento nii ascrivo; o se io non ademrnissi scrupolosamentele sue leggi, o non dassi assistenza si miii fratelhi bisqgnosi. " Giuro di unantenermi fermo nel difendere la santa causa che ho abbraciato; di non risparmiare nessun individuo app3rtener'te all' inranme coimbriccola do' Liberali, qualanquo sin la sua nascita, parentela, o fortuna, di non avere pieti. na dei pianti dei banibini ne de' vecchi; e di versare fino all, ultiua: goccia il sangue degi' infami hberali, seaza rigaardo a sesso na a grado. " Giuro ilfine odio implacabile a tutti i r.emici deUl nr,stra Santa Religione Cattolic; Romaana, unica vera"'- " I, N. N., in presence of the Almighty God, Father, Sn, and {Holy Ghost, of the ever immaculate Virgin 3iary, of the whole Celestial Court, and of thee, honoured Father, swear to let my right hand be cut off, my thiroat cut, to die of hunger amid the most atrocious torments, and I pray the Lord God Almighty to condem; nme to the eternal pains of hell, should I betray or deceive any one of the honcured fathers or brethren of the Catholic Apcstolic Scciet;, in which I this mioment enrol myself, or should I not scruDulously fulfil its lawvs, or not render aid to my brothers in nced of it. "'I swear to hold firm in the defence of the holy cause -whichi I have embraced, no' to spare any individual heloning to theinfatnous gang of Liborals, whatever be his birth, parentage, or fortu'ne, not to have pity for the tears of infants or of thc aged, and to shed evea to its last drop the blood of the infamous Liberals, without regard to sex or rank. ' Finally, I swear implacable hatred to aU the enemies of our holy Roman Catholic religion, the only true one." No " ourarmies swore terribly in Flanders," but I doubt whether any swearing was ever heard by Uncile Toby or Corporal Trim more calculated to shock and disgust than the formula just quoted. The execraLle association wvhose bond of union is such, an oath is said to be recruited from among the dregs of the population-vagabonds, spies of the lowest caste, liberated convicts, brigands, thieves, and, in a word, all that is most vile and criminal in the country. Strong in the support of the police, from which it expects in every case impunity, and in some even reward, the Sanfedesta Society, while occupying itself zealously in the pursuit of its main object, the extermination of the Liberals, by no means neglects private interests. Is a jealous husband or a troublesome creditor to be got rid of, or any cther obstacle to the gratification of passion or cupidity to be removed, the remedy is at hand, and the duty of exterminating an infamous Liberal is the excuse and justitication for crimle. The society is an asyltun where malefactors may be protected, and to which he may resort whenever he has cause to apprehend the pursuits of justice. No one will say that such things offer any justification for the misdeeds denounced in the letter quoted above ; but they explain those acts of violence on the part of persons who believe themselves patriots, but who entertain the erroneous idea that when persecuted by such wretches as the S- sf'de,i they may defend themnselves with the sa.ne arms by which they are attacked. It will not be alleged, even by the bigoted, that there are not among those who profess the Catholic faith, and are sincerely attached to it, both in Italy and elsewhere, men of enlightened, honourable, liberal, and tolerant minds. Mlany of these have always desired, and they still desire more earnestly than ever, and in the interest of the faith to wehein they beonng, that the Papacy should be disembarrassed of the onerous burden whichltemnoral To wer imposes on it, and they are convinced that if it were so disengaged it would be muchl more respected and more independent. That opinion is, I find, ma;king some way even among ecclesiastics. It is perhaps a bold oninion for a priest to advocate publicly; one, however, has been found to do so. A French ecclesiastic, the Abbi J. H. hlichon, has just publis'hed a pamphlet of 62 pages on the subject, entitled La Papat te cd .Je-ravesmgcm, and lie supports the proposition implied ;in that title vith muchl good reasoning, and at the samiie time wvith the greatest respect for the Holy SSce. He thin;s that, the influence of modern ideas having produced no efFect on the lloman administration, the progressive element of the nation has become a formidable enemy to the stationary element of the Pontifical Government ; that the old machine may, it is true, go on, well or ill, so long as it is aided by foreign diplomacy or foreign occupation; but that the mosnent these are withdrawn the Papacy will be exposed, helpless, to revolution, and that the danger is imminent. The solution of that difficult question is not to be found, the Abbe Lichon thinks, in political, administrative, or civil reform, nor in the seculari7ation of pover, which would encounter innmmerable obstacles in the clerical organization and the prejudices which control the Papacy. It is to be found oiily in the abdication of temporal power. He is not of opinion that, in such case, the capital of what may be termed the Spiritual Papacy could be Rome. It would lose in dignity, and would still suffer from political complications. He believes that there is but one city which, out of Italy, and, indeed, out of Europe, presents conditions indispensable to its independence and grandeur, and where a new era for the mission of a true apostle woould open, and that city is Jerusalem. The Abb6 is aware that the project would not be over-pleasing to the political world of Rome, who would not willingly exchange a grand and splendid seat for the lowly but hallowed residence of Jerusalem, though he assures us that the plan has gained the acquiescence of several politicalpersonages in Estrope. At Jerusalem the Pope would cease to be a foreign Sovereign, and would become, what he was in the conimencement, the spiritual and inviolable head of Catholicity. There no S3overnment could exercise an undue influence over his acts. As the Sultan is no- protected by the whole of the Powers for the benefit of Europe at Large, so, but in a still greater mea- sure, would the independence of the Pope be gua- ranteed by all Catholic countries, whiIo the prestige his spiritual authority would gain by its exercise in the Holy City, where the stupendous events on which Christianity itself reposes were accomplished, is, incalculable. Tn its material interests the Papacy would be better off than it is at present; its resources woulld be multiplied, as there is not a Catholic Power that woiuld hesitate to con- tribute to them. Rome wouldl receive from Spain not less than 3,QOO,OOOf. annually; and, as a purely spiritual power, the Pope 'would be spared the ex- pense of a politic}a Vaiats. The Abbe Michon concludes as follows.- *May Rome not refuse to recognize before it bo too late who are her true friends; lmoay she distinguish between those ilrp,etuou and indinrett writers who urge her to extrene measures in order ; o exercise dominion over her and to make use of her, and the modest and moderate maen who have undertalcen the ungrateful task of saying w hat they believe to be the truth, and who would blush to have recourse, even to pleaseher, to a system of adulationwhi an insult to th s holy cause they defend." Prince Dolgorould, who, as I mentioned long since, was selected as the Russian Ambassador to Paris, will ot, I ara told, undertake the office. It was intended that the nevr reDresentative of the Czar should completely throw all the other embassies, including even the British Embassy, into the shade in evary respect, but parti^ularly in the splendour of its hospitality. So aspiring an ambition, and so difficult of realization, would require large resources, and these resources -were to be obtained by means of what is caUed a good marriage-vulgar-minded people estimating a good niarriage merely by the wealth it brings with it. Prince Dolgorouki was to be married to a lady said to be the owner of a yearly income of 1,000,OO0f. The marriage has not come off, and his friends aay it will not come of;, and the mission wvhich was contingent on it shares a similar fate. Such, at all events, is the story in Russian circles. The diplomatic stars wvhose genial brightness was to be overcast by the Russian comet may therefore roll on in quiet in their accustomed ! course. The person now intended for the post is General Count Strogonoff, whose pretensions are said to be more modest, and who will probably be content with imitating at a distance rather than surpassing the proverbial magni£tcence of our resident diplomacy. The question is important: a high authority, Sir HIamilton Seymour, thought that there wfas more real service rendered by an Ambassador well and fiequently entertaining than most peoplethought. I suppose thisexplains the convivial character for which our diplomatic representatives all over the world are so celebrated. Alluding to diplomatic convivialities is an appropriate' occasion to miake a slight correction about the dinner at the Hotel de Vile last Saturday, and the narrow escape the Cardinals had of finishing the day imnpransi. The mistake of forgetting them was not, it seems, really owing to the Secretary-General of the Prefecture. To whom belongs the guilt of an attempt to starve their Eminences is not stated; it was, perhaps, the fault of the mysterious person who has so much to answer for-M£r. Nobody. The places of the Cardinals were, it seems, left vacant for them, but were not marked vith their names. Their Eminences had to go home from K otre Dame to lay aside their costunie, which is somewhat inconvenient for a convivial meeting, and it was late when they arrived at the banquet-hall. It is painful to think of the feelings whichimust have aninated six hungry Cardinals moving slowly round and round that gorgeous and savoury board-like a body of heavy cavalry riding round a solid square of infantry, and in vain trying to detect or force an entrance. A passage, however, was opened forthem, and they found places, as I have already described. BL. de MIory, it seems, does not set out for his post so sooni as expected; before going to Moscowv or St. Petersburg he intends spending some weeks at a watering-place in Germany The injury done to the crops by the late innldations is estimatedl at 150,O00,000f., of which 30,000,000f. are referable to the mulberry trees for silkworms. In that amount are not included the damage done to houses, the loss in cattle, utensils, &c., or the injury done to railroads. Atelegraphic despatch from Madrid, dated yesterday, ainoinces that the Government had made the question of the Puerta del Sol a Cabinet question. M. de Escosura, MIinister of the Interior, delivered in the Cortes a speech in defence of his owni couduct,whichproduced agreateffect, and which fiequently excited the warmest applause in the house. The Government of Espartero (the despatch adds) has gained much in strength by this Parlianientary triumph. The Queen had been inidisposed since the 19th ; Her Majesty was bled. On the evening of the 20th she hada miscarriage. AUSTRIA. (FROM OuR OWN COR1 PONDEMTT.) VIE"NA, JuXE 18. The stagnation in trade is greater than ever, but the stockjobbing fever still prevails, although the conduct of the founde.rs of the Austro-French State Railroad Company has greatly shaken the confidence of the public. The information received from the provinces is anything but favourable, and it cannot well be doubted that there will at no dlistant period be a commercial crisis in t]lis country. rhe Ost-Deutsche Post learns from Brann, m MIoravia, -which is the Manchester of Austria, that nany of the manufacturers are in serious pecumary difficulties, and vwe learn from the other manufacturing tomns in the different provinces that many spinning and weaving establishments, sugar refineries, nhd silk factories have ceased working. The reason given by the Vienna paper for the almost total stagnation in the export trade is, that since the improvement in the paper money the foreign purchaser has left the Austrian market, " as he can no longer realize a profit of 25 or 30 per cent. on the difference between a good and a deteriorated currency." In so far as it goes, this explanation is satisfactory; but the Austrian writer shordd have added, that an enormous amount of capital has within the last year been withdrawn from the regular industriel establishments. TheAustrians, who are of a sanguine temnperament, and are in a hurry to get rich, now inve5t their capital in railroad shares, by which they may possibly get 15 or 16 per cent. for their nmoney, instead of engaging it in manufacturing enterprises, which are not likely to yield more than 6, or at most 7 per cent. As a rule, the Austrian manufacturers are not themselves capitalists, and at such a moment as the present they must either remain inactive or pay such a usurious rate of interest for borrowed capital that they cannot hope to compete with their foreign rivals. Many of the Austrian manufacturers have also tasted of the forbidden fruit which is bought and sold on the Stock Exchange, and, to my certain knowledge, more than one of them has lost a considerable part of the small capital which he possessed at the fieginning of the year. The retail trade in. Vienna is just at present good, as the city is crowded with foreigners, many of whom have come here to escapa from the heat of Italy. That they have jumped " from the fryingpan into the fire" is evident, for the thermometer before my window to-day shows 97.25 in the shade. Persons who have only experienced such heat in the open country can form but a faint idea of the sufferings of the inhabitants of a city which is constrtcted like Vienna. The principal walls of the houses are fiull three feet thick in the upper stories, and when such enormous masses of brick and stone are once thoroughly heated the rooms rarely get comfortably cool until the fall of the year. To-day there is a south-east wind blowing, and people who have time and inclination to quit their rooms have an opportunity of inhaling air very like the steam which rushes from an oven when a baker suddenly opens the door to see how his bread is progressing. This Government continues to assure the German public that it would be the height of injustice to unite the two Danubian provinces under one Hospodar, but the lucubrations of the Austrian writers hardly deserve attention, as there is every reason to believe that the question was settled betveen the Porte and the NWestern Powers vhile Aali Pasha was in Paris and London. There are two matters on which public opinion is still greatly divided, and you may regard the following as perfectlyauthentic information:-1. However slowly the evacuation of the Principalities be accomplished, the communission will not neet until the last Austrian soldier has crossed the frontiers into his owrn country. 2. Both Prussia and Sardinia are to be represented in the commission which will assist in the reorganization of the two Principalities. The Austrians deny that this will he the case, but you may depend on the correctneEs of the information nowgiven. Since he has been here Aali Pasha has had but one interview -with Count Buol, and it wouild almost appear tht.t he is desirous to avoid any further discussion of the question of the Danubian Principalities with the Austrian Minister. This morning the Turkish statesman was with His Majesty, to whom, in the name of the Sultan, he presented the Medjidid Order in brilliants. Should. nothing unforeeeen occur, Aali Pasha will leave Vienna for Trieste on Saturday, and sail for Constantinople on the following day. The following story is in circulation here, and it is probably in substance correct. The day before yesterday a child of parents belonging to the non-united Greek or Russian Church was interred in the churchyard at Penzing, a village at no great distance from this city. On the following day (yes- terday) the gravedigger suddenly appeared in the lodging of the Greek Christians wvith the cffinof their child under his arm, and, placing it on a table, he to ld them that the Catholic rector of the parish would not permiit the corpse to remain in the spot in which it had been placed. It is said that a com- zissary of police was obliged to interfere before the priest could be induced to listen to reason. As will readily be supposed the inhabitants of Penzing were in a state of intense excitement yesterday evening. Nothing can be more agreeable to Rusaia than ouch an occurrence as that just recorded, as it must of course increase the sympathy of the non-united Greeks n Austria for the Czar. Persons worthy of credit assure me that Russian agents are even now extremely activein theBanat and the ServianVoivodima, and it i3 to be feared the bigoted Catholic bishops will involuntarily play into their hands. The Austrian Goverunment may, perhaps, allow the Roman Church -to wring the writhers of the Protestant3 without the con3enuence3 being immediately felt,butitwouldbe exceai elydangeroustooffend the Slaves, who belong to the Russian Ohurch. The greatest zealots among the-prelates are those who have their sees in districts which are chiefly inhabited by Roman Catholhcs; but the bishops who reside in districts where the population is mixed are said to be somewhat afraid of the consequences of the concordat. The champions of the Ultramiontanists are the Archbishops of Vienma, Olmutz, and Prague, and the leaders of the more moderate party in the Austrian Synod are the Cardinal-Primate of Hungary, the Cardinal-Archbishop of Agram (Croatia and Slavonia), and the Archbishop of Ealau. The Cardinal-Archbishop of Lemberg also belongs to the Moderates, but it is because he likes peace and quiet and is somewhat afraid of the [ Ruthenes, who are Russians in origin and faith. T-day, for the first time, a Vienna paper ventures to speak of the episcopal conferences and their probable results. The Presse recapitulates the principal questions which have been discussed by the bishops, and then says that their nission will prove a fruitless one, " if they should not make allowance for the difference between the men of to-day and the men of the times of Gregory VII. and Innocent A chapel has been prepared in the Castle of Laienburg, in which 'the expected heir to the throne of Austria is to be baptized. It is believed that the Empress will be confined before the month is at an end. Baron von Soramaruga and M. Solomon Brandeis have left for Bucharest, in order to obtain permission from Prince Stirbey to establish a bank in Wallachia. It is not yet known where the money is to come from. JUINE 19. Yesterday was an 'unusually busy day at Court, for His Majesty gave audience to theRoman Catholic hierarchy of the empire and toBaron de Bourqueney and Aali Pashla. Prinlce Schwarzenberg, the Archbishop of Prague, who is the eldest Cardinal in the empire, although still a young man, addressed the following speech, in the Latin language, to His MIajesty - *- Your Imperial Royal Apostolic Majesty,-Most clement Lord,-At the commencement of our great and imnportant undertaking we were graciously permitted to appear before your Majesty. Otur work has now, by God's assistance, been brou"it to an end. Kotw;ithstandiag the variety of objects whichi presentedthemselvas-notv;ithstandin7 the difference of the races whose spiritual necessities requEired consideration-we were all of one and the same mmlnd and opinion, as our sole aim was to give to all those matters still to be regulated that fonn which may be most congenial to religion and moral purity, and consequently to the welfare of your Majesty's emnpire. Some representations and requests which we think we ought to make will soon be brought before your 3ajesty's throne. where they will meet witlh that Imperial favour, the great manifestation of which has already filled the Church with joy in all the provinces of the empire. After God, our hope and confidence are based on the piety, wisdom, and justice of your Majesty. In the course of human things it is to be expected that what is truly great must at its first appearance meet with some difiiculties, but great things are like the sun, who, when he has dissipated the light haze whsch accompamies his first appearance, appears in all hisI glory, and emsits the purest beamls of light. WVhen we return to our sees we will be most zealous, in oider that the beneficial, results of the union (Concordat) may be generally felt; and that even those who are wise in the wisdom of the world shall be obli"ed to confess that piety is good in all things. The Lord wiE prosper the work which has been undertaken in His honouir, and give to your Majesty a crowtn of glory which will shine in history through all future ages; a crow n which, insteadl of fading in the heavenly Jerusaleml, wrill shine vwith a more pure and eternal splen:dour. Mtay the blessing of the MIost High eternally rest on your Majesty and° on your illustrious houlseI Vienna, June 1S." A copy of the address, which was siened by 59 archbishops and bishops, was placed in the hands of the EiEperor, who replied to the prelates in the language wvinch had been used by the Archubishop of Prague. His lMIajesty spoke as follows:- "The glory I aspire to is faithfully to discharge those important duties which God, has imposed on me. One of the first of my duties is to do all in my power that the Concordat may be most exactly realized. Whatever you mlay lay before me in reference to this great work will be graciously received and carefully weighed. It will be mUos' agreeable to nie to comply vith you wishes whenever ciremnstances perusit. (Dcsideriis 7*i?is, udicuneue re;-ns a djunact sinant, obsecundare, gr-atissirnu?m mihi crit.) Recommend me to God in your irayrs, most reverend bishops, and may the fruzits of your labours to) lead all classes to what is holy and good a ablundant ! My wish and ain is that the nations intrusted to my care may enjoy the blessisugs of this life rithout losing those of the world to come." In each speech there are passages whicih deserve more particular notice. Prince Schwarzenberg states that in alt matters tlle bishops were of the same mind and opinion; but it is a well-knowns fact thatseveral of the Hungarian prelates considered Archbishop Rauseher's ordinance relative to the burial of non-Catholics " inopportune." The word quoted is a literal translation of "svicdd zeii.qcmfss," vwhich was the expression used by the Prince Primate of Hungalry. 'The remnark made by the Cardinal, that great thin gs are almost sure to meet with opposition at their first appearance, satisfactorily showvs that the Roman C:atholic hierarchy is vrell aware that the Concordat is looked on as a bane rather than a boon by the nation at large. The assurance given by the Emperor that he will comply with the wishes of the bishops "w whenever circumstances permit" may mean a great deal, or it mav mean the reverse. His Majesty considers it one of his first duties exactly to realize the Concordat, but the force of circumstances is more powverful than the will of man, and before the world is many years older the Concordat will be greatly modified, or there will be serious intestine troubles in Austria. From various circumstances which have come to my knowledge I must conclude that Russia is already endeavouring to take advantage of the excited state of feeling which prevails among the nolCatholics in Austria. On the 1st of lMay, 1851, Austria, M1odena, Parmna, Tuscany, and Rome concluded a convention, in which it was stipulated that an international company should be formed for the constrLiction of a railway, to be called "the Central Railroad." The line,which wras to begin on the right bank of the Po, near Piacenza, was to be carried by way of Parma, Reggio,Modena, and B3ologua to Pistoja, in Tuscany. In order to obtain the necessary funds for constructig the railroad the five Governments issued 40,000 shares; but, as each State was desirous to have the direction of the wrorks, no progress wrhatever was made. The Austrian Government, which, for obvious reasons, is particularly desirons to establish a railroad communication between the ceatre and south of the peninsula and her own Italian provinces, warmly seconded a project some mouths since broughTt forward by the Duke di GaUiera. The proposal of the wealthy financier was that he should apply to Tuscany, Rome, Modena, and Parma for permission to construct the Central Railroad. Baron Bruck approved the idea, and it having been previously agreed that the Duke di Gallera was to be one of the founders of the Lombardo-Venetian Railroad Company, the Italian noble set to work. The desired concession was obtained from the four Governments, on condition that 6,840,000f. in gold should be paid to them for the purchase of the 40,000 shares above-mentioned and for covering the expenses whichl Tuscany had been at for surveying, tracing, .&c. As the Lombardo-Venetian and Central Railroad Companies are in reality one and the same, the shares wthich have to-day been issued are for the wholo line, beginning at Nabrezina and Udine, and ending at Pistoja, in Tuscany. This Governmenr guarantees to the company 5per cent. on its capital, and 21-10 per cent. as a sinking fund. Several cattle of the Durham breed have been bought at Paris by Austrian agriculturists. RItSSIA. (FROM OUR VIE-NIA COiRRNSPONDENT.) VIENNA, JUNE 19. The "reformed" tRussian Cabinet is composed of the following individuals :-Foreign Affairs, Princa Gortschakoff; Messrs. de Tolstoi and Osten-Sacken are his assistants; Home Department, Prince Sergius Lanskoi; President of the Coancil of M inisters and of the Council of the Empire, Count Orloff; War, General of Artillery Suchozanet; Minister of the Imperial house and head-quarters. L.ieutenant-General. Adlerberg; Chief of the Imperial Staff, Baron Lieven; Controller of the Emp ire, Lieutenant-General Annenkoff£ General Tschevkin is the successor of General.Kleinmiohel as Supreme Director of the Department of Publie Works andCommunicationbyLand and Water. The 1 potfolios for I{avaL Affair, EFanoe, Justice, and. Public Instruction are in the same hands aa they were when the Emperor Nicholas was living. PRUSSIA. (moN OmU Ow2-c COtEmroEn-DT.) BERLIN, Suim 2L The Archduke Yerdinand Maximilian of Austri. arrived here the day before yesterday by the Hamnburg Railway, and was received at the termninus here by all the Generals and Staff Officers now in Berlin. Without making any stay here, he proceeded at once to Potsdam, where he found the Queen, his aunt, the only member of the Royal family that was prepared to receive him. The Prince and Princes3 Carl Qf Prussia had just come in to Berlin and passed through totheraces when he arrived. The King does not return till this evening from his visit to Stuttgard; but, when once returned, there will commence another series of parades and reviews for the especial benefit of the august visitor. On Monday, more particuLarly, there is to be a review of the garrison of Potsdam in his honour. The Archduke is chef of the 3d Regiment of Prussian Dragoons. The Austrian Field-Marshal Prince Lobk;owitz arrived at Potsdam immediately after the Archduke, and it is reported that he brings a favourable answer from the Emperor Franz Joseph to the intimation, conveyed to him bv Prince 'Windischgraitz, that his company w illd be very acceptable at Sans Souci this autumni. The Emperor's visit he is said to have made dependent on the Empress's approaching acwoucmcmesot. It is one of the King's amiable delusions to imagine th at the cou-s3e that Austria systematiea; y pureuvs towards Prussia, not only in the unneiglhbourly, encroaching, slighting character of her lpolitical acts, but also in the inimical tone of her press, does not proceed from the Emperor or his Prime M.finister, but rather from a number of subalterns in the administration of Government offices, chiefly of the Hebrew persuasion. If the Emperor really should pay the visit, which appears about as unlikely as almost anything of the kind can be, the King will be perfectly confirmed in this singular fancy; and he is reported already to have said, with reference to the possibility of the Emperor's availing himself of the invitation, " If he comes, then I shall know for certain that it is these few scribblers that carry on the war against Prussia in Austria." The King and Queen of Bavaria, accompanied by a numerous retinue, among whom was the Bavarian PrinmeMinister, Herr Von Der Pfordten, left Munich on the morning of the 17th inst., and proceeded to Augsburg, for the purpose of meeting and welcoming the King of Prussia, who had to pass through that portion of Bavaria on his way to Wrrtemberg. The two Royal parties, after the first greetings, withdrew into the apartments that had been arranged for them at the railway station, and dined together there, after which the King, who, on this as on all other occasions when not travelling in state, passes under the name of Count of Zollern, pursued his course to Ulm'and Stuttgard, where he arrived late the same evening. At the railway terminus in Stnttgard the K ing was received by the King of Wurtemberg, and was conducted by him to the Royal schloss, where he took up his quarters. This may be looked upon as the crow.ning point of the reconciliation of the twro monarchs afterthe escapade of the King of Wurtemberg in the Chambers in Stuttgard in 1848, who expressed himself in unusually free and not very respectful terms of his brother potentate with reference to the ambitios3 view-s attributed to him in that eventful year. The Empress of Russia had a]so arrived at Stuttgard only a fewv niniiutes before the K ing, and had, together with the Grand Dfuke Michael, been conducted by the Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Wurtemberg (Grand Dachess Olga) to their villa, from above which the Royal ensign of Wurtemberg flcats in honour of the Imperial guest. The great local events of Berlin luring the present week are the wool-market and the races. The former of these colunenced on the 18th inst., aid may be considered to have closed on the evening of the 19th. The total quantity of wool offered for sale on this occasion was 92,000 cwt., being 14,000 cwt. less than last year; of this quantity about 60,000 cw t. have found purchasers, chiefly among manufacturers in the Zollverein, but less than usual among the English and Belgians. Business was flat in the forenoon of the first day, in consequence of the holders demanding prices about 10 thalers higher than the prices paid last year; but, wiith the experience lately acquired at Breslau, they -were wise enough to give way, and a good strolke of business has been done at an advance of from five to six thalers per cwt. for the better sorts, and two to five for the inferior sorts ; where the prices have met -with no advance at all-if has been in consequLence of the w-ool being illwashed. The only thing about the races that I can find worth a place -in your colunns is the fact of one of t,hem, a hurdle race wvith the additional agrA mmt of ditches varyingr from eighlt to twelve feet in width, with and without fences or hedges at their brinks, having been wvon by an Englislh rider naLmed Holgate- on an English mare, Jane Eyre, ridden with a simpl* snaffie and without spurs. Whnat malakes it worth notice is this-the Prussian equestrians have got it into their clever heads that the English don't- know how to ride, because they don't happen to do so in the Prussian manner, which ofiers the sa)ne contrast to the English style as the State institutions of the one country do to those of the other. The Englishman, upright and fearless in hisseat, leaves his horse that freedonm of action that he claims for himself in social life ; the slackness of his rein aad his- spurless heel leave the willing spirited: horse full. opportunity to exhibit his wind and his mettle, and curb and -whip are employed only for special occasions of wilful clivergence fro-mi the path of- right or the necessity of unusual' exertion. The Prussian equestrian, on the contrary, is a perfect portrait of the Prulssian Government, as the horse is of the subject. The rider is alnxious, fidgetty, cramped, and pedantic, for ever schooling his horse and changing the foot or the pace; he keeps his horse so tight in hand that he seems to be indebted to the bricle for keeping his seat; an exhilarating gallop or a rousing trot of a mile at a stretch is un;nown td them; and the poor animal, just like the Prussian subject, is chafed, and curbed, and fretted, and schooledtill there is not a spark of spirit left in him. THE SOUNJD DUES. The Paris Pressc has the followina:- "The prospect of a conflict between Deninark and tne 7United Srates is set aside for the moment. Tho Washington Cabinet, at the request of- that of Copenhagen, has cousented to a further prolongation for one year of the Treaty of tho 20th of April, 1856, and the prolongation of vhich for -two months has just terrninated. The Americans who shall pass through the Sound and the Belts will continue to pay the dues without pretest, but vwith reserve of their rights. Mforeover, the qluestion is to be settled by international negotiations before the end of the year. Such are the two conditions put by tbe Jnited States and accepted by Denmark. It is said that the 'good offces'- of Russa have contributed to this temporary arrangement." SPAIN. O-ur accounts from Madrid are of the 16th inst. The day before the Queen granted an audience to Count Waldkircli, Envoy Extraordinary of the King of Bavaria, who formally demanded the hand of. the Infanta Donna Amalia for Prince Adalbert of Bavaria. The Envoy thus adldressed Her Majesty on the occasion:- ,"'3Madan;-Thanics to the exireme kindness and goodwviU with which you have deigned to receive me, the preliminlary negotiations for the fortunate conclesion of & marriage bet%weern Prince Adalbert of Bavaria and the Thfanta of Spain Donna Ainalia have terminated to tho. complete satisfaction of the high contracting parties, and in aj manner' conducive to the mLutual interest3 of your Majesty and -of tbe King my august Sovereign. I have a6cordingly-been ordered bJy King 31aximilianIL of Bava;ria my Sovereign, as chief of the Royal House of Bavarix, to demand in his name and in that of Prince Adalbertv conformably to the contents ofthe letter I have the honour ofE most humbly submiitting to your Majesty, as chief of the. Royal Houso) of Spale, the hand of the' Infanta Donna AmaliN, daughter of the Infanso of Seam, Don Francisco de Paula, for Prince Adalbert of- Bavana." - The Queeiireplied - ' ' - 'I- feel muh 'gratiLel aa' tho sitisfactory conclusion, nith yonr.co-operation, of the negotiations for the' matrinionial' contract of my most beloved cousin and sister tlie InfAnth Donna- AmaliS Peibsa Pilar, daughter of she Infante Don Francisco' de Paula, niy beloved unele, with Pxince William George Lewis Adalbert, brother of- His Majesty the King of Bavaria. -The contract, which I intend t4 ratify without delayy, liavifig1been siened, and the pro- ected marriage being withorized by tfie bontituent Corte4, ard exctremnely happy jo`a&cede, as chief of my Royal Pamilv,-to the wishes of your Sovereign, and to those. expsased -in the -letter you have just handed me by his bEtuter, ?riace AdaThert,to whom I grant, with pleasure, the hand -of.m~'my st'Ieioved cdusin and sister, the Infanta Donna Amilia.?'- - -6 -. ; - _ fter-thja,ceremowny their Majesties, the Infatate EoFrancisco dePau1a,the Envoy, the Introducer of the Ambassadors,acnd Baron Malsen, the Envoy'i £erotart, repaired to the Royal apartments, -where- -the Infanta Donna Amlia was staying aith her sister, the InfantaDonna Cristina, and the governesi of the two Princesses. Count de Waldldrcli had the honour of being presented by the Queen to Her Royal Highness, to whom he offered his homage in a short address. A few hours before he had been received at the palace of San Juan by the TIfanto Don Francisco de Paula, to whom he delivered an autograph letter of the King of Bavaria and another of'Prince Adalbert. ' "The Presildent of tho Council was prevented by indisposition from attending the ceremony. ,The Duke and Duchess de Mlontpensier were to leave Seville on the 22a inst. for San Lucar do Barrameda, where they intend to spend the summer. , 'Accounts from Cuba, of the 25th ult., state that the Spanish M1inister for Mexico tailed from the Havanna on the 22d for Vera Cruz on board the frigate Isabella II., accompanied by five other ships of war, under the command of Brigadier Pinzon.
T1HE CORY 1TfDB. COORN-EXCEANGE. MABER-LAME. JTr,,, 92 The arrivals last w--I werd altogether moderate. The exports consisted el 1,7X0 quarteri wheat, 10 quarters oats, 10 quarters pea-s, and 72 s3cs flour. Of English wheat the supply was 8;321 quarters, the foreign being only 4,002 quarters. The mcriing's aTivals from Kent andc Essex were scanty, but from the latter county some quantity 'was left over last weel-, rnaking a fair exhibition of samples, which found a ready placement at 2s. to 3. per quarter more money. For foreigu there was a steady inquiry at isto 2s. advance, with an ensy demand for cargoes on the coast, which were more plentifld. The quantity of country four was 13,987 acks, with 2,252 sacks and 4,411 barrels foreign. Norfolk and other country makes were 2s. per sack dearer, Spanish being held at the same improvement, and American barrels were Is. higher. There were 1,469 quarters of English barley, and 1,600 quarters foreign. This limited supply enabled factors to obtain another Is. per quarter on all descriptions. , The speculation on a reduction of the malt duty has so limitea the number of parcels of malt on sale, that 2s. m,re was realized. Oats again were short, being in all only 11,457 quarters, of which 'U,629 quarters were foreign. The high rates had the effect of liniting busines, but ffd. per quarter more was obtainable on all good corn. * The supply of beans consisted of 1,830 quarters from Smyrna, and 436 English. The latter slowly brought ls. more, and the Egyptian showed an upward tendency. Holders of peas, in consequence of the failure of supplies, were also enabled to establish a similar advance. The linseed supply from India was 5,398 quarters, with 3,7ff7 quarters exported. Cakes foud an improved inquiry at something over late rates, and linseed prices were well sustained. Canary, mustard, and hempseed were dulL Cloverseed, irefoil, and other seeds as last quoted. Account ot Corn arrived i Londn nrom .Tna 1 R tn .Tna 21 CURRENT PRICES OF BRITISH GRIN AND FLOUR IN ARK-INE. Shill-ngs per quarter. Wheat-Essex and Kent, white, new.. .. 69 to 79 extra - to 83 Ditto. red, nuw .. . . 69-73 -- Si Norfolk, Linoolnshire. andYorksbire, red, new .. 67-72 --77 Barloy-Ialting, new 41-43 Cblievalier ... .. .. .. .. .43 -45 DistilIInt E .. . ..... .. .. ..' .o - S S-41 Malt- E3sez Norfolk. and Sffolk 73-i5 --8i1 King,ston, Ware, and town-iade 73 - 75 --S rron 5 - 6. - Rye- 40 Oats- Englinefeed .. . fi 27 Potato ... 29 Seotch feed . . . 27 -23 Potato .. .. 2S-3 Irish fee, white.. 24 -25 fine --27 Ditto black.. 22 -23 , --25 Beans- blazagan .. . 40 Tic"s ... .. .. .. .. .. .. 37 -4q Hiarrtowr.... . .. .. 39 - 42 P'igeon.39 42 Peas- lWhite boilers . ' 44 - 41 Maple 42-4 4 Tj Grzy.. ~~~~~33 -40 Floar- Tomn-mnade,persl2.2So1b. House.ds. 61 fine 64 - 67 Country52-3 Ditto. bous;hdld . . 52 - 53 Norfolk and Suffolk, ership 51 - 52 FOREIGN GRAIN. - ~~~~~~Shillings per Quarter. iVheat-Dsntzi, rmLxed 85 to 83 bigh mixed- - S86ext.-'to 92 KConigsberg ..S t4-6 - -S7 S3 Rostock new .. 7S-79 fine --82 - 9) Ameriean.w hite 70-76 red .. . 66-70 Pomera., Meckbh., andUckernak., red 80-F8 75-8S Silesian, red .. 74-76 white .. 73 -8 Danish a Holstein 64-6.S ,66-70 Odessa, St. Peters- burg &rig .. 62- 61 fine .. .. 6=-63 33arley-Grinding33-3 Distilling .. 37 39 Oats- Dutbh,brew andPolands 27-23 Ditto, feed. , .23-26 Daniuh and Swvedish fee 23- 2 Stralsund . ...21 23 Beans- Frieslaid andflolsteln 3S 39 Ronisber . . .. .. 37-40 gyptian.. 31 31 Pea- Feeding . 38 49 FiMne boilers 1 4 Indian Corn-White.. 1 433 Yellow 3') 31 Florr- Spauisb, persack: .. . 3' = 38 Aeneican, soar, per barrel (nominal; .. .. 35-37 Ditto, sweet, ditto .. .. .. .. .. 33 -41 BRITISH SEEDS. TareTwinter,perbushel. 7s Gded -S Coriander, per orv.. 20 -24 Caraway, per ct., new .. - 50 -- Canary, per qr.5 ) Linseed, per qr., sowing. 63s. crshing 53 = 53 Cakte,pertou -.13 "13 10 Eapeseed, per qr., niow 8. . .ih Cake, per ton X. .. £G 10 £7 0 Teres,per bushel .. . &-5s ltempsed, pet qr.-Smal l 5G - Dtch .. 55 Coriander, pwer &vt. ......w.... .. .. .. .. . .. 15 20 Conway .. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~42, 45 Iseed, per qr-i .53 5 C Ck4pe, pen ....r ton .. .. .. .. .£12 10 £13 1o Eaped_-Dntch .. 87 - 83 C.ske,per ton .. £8 10 £7 0
MET201PROLIAT-A CATTLE-AFA1RET, Junc 23. The aTrival of cattlo and sheep into the port of London from tha continent dutring the past wreek las been rather larger than of late. The Custom-house return gives an entry of 623 oxen, 727 calv.es, aud 1,834 sheep, making a total of 3,184 head, Greatly to the smrprise of the public thopricesof tho chier ne-essarins of life have been rising since the conclusion of the treaty of peace, and, as regards butchers' meat, the advance is to them inex. plicable, as pasture has become abundant of late. It would seem, however, that the supplies of ctock do not quite keep pace with ths consumption which is increasing. The selte of tade at Smithfield wa pretty brisk for everything, and an advance of 2d. per stone was generally obtained: tho attendacue of butchers was good, with a manifest desire to elarge their stocks. The supply of beef was unusalby small; the total number of beists at market being 3,350 on oiEer. All sold readily at an advance of 2d. per stone on last week's top price, for best. Scotch was So. 24.; inferior beef weint at 4s. 2d. The supply of mltton and lamb was small the total sipply beinZ 19,270 in alL Mutton oomTnsaded a veryxeady sale, and South Downs adte,s. 4d, ;polledsheep went at4s. 80. The prico of lamb was inaltered. Veal and pork both soldfirmly,andfineyoungmeatof theformer sold at 5s. 41. per stone of 8 lb. Comparative Statemnent of Thiose, and Snpply of Cattle at Iaket. This day, Mouday. Jtne23. 1S58.
A1MOEFY-MARKETaPnd CITYINTELLIGENCB. 3tbnday Tening. The English fands opened this morning at an ad. - vance of an eighth, which was steadily. mamtainsed& to the termination of business. Consols werequoted throughout the day 941 to X er. dividead; The transactions were limited, and the firmnes3 of the market was chiefly attributable to the inquiry for. investments consequent upon the amount of mroneylikely to be without employment after the paymeut.z of the dividends. Consol Scrip left off at 3, to A. premium;, Bank Stock, 217 to 218; Reduced, 94Lto s; New Three per Cents., 95 to 7; InaiaB , . to 14s. premium; Exchequer-. bonds, 991 to :; and Exchequer-bills, 1Os. to 13s. premium. Foreign securities have been well supported, with a further tendency to improvement. Trausactions- took place in Guatemala to-day at 34 and 37.; Turkish was maintained, the operations in the Sinx- per Cents. for the account being at 102 and 103, - and in the Four per Cents. Gaaranteed, at 104E and - y. Brazilian Fiva per Cents., 101r and 101; Granada New Active, 19 and 191; the Deferred, Th, i,and i; Peruvian Three per Cents., 55; Russiaan - Five per Cents., 108 and 1081; the Four-and->Half per Cents., 93t and 99 ; Sardinian Five par Cents., 911 and 924; Spanish Three per Cents., for money, T7k, and for the account, 47i aud 47; Spanish Certificates, 6 and 6j percent.; and Datch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 6ti}. In the corn-market this muorning there was anl advance of between 2s. and 3s. upon the rates of Monday last. The closing quotations from the Paris Bourse again failed to arrive this evening, but transactions took place at tho opening at 70f. 53c. for the end of the month, showing a decline of more than a quarter per cent. The reports of the trade of the manufacturing towvns duringthe past week show in most cases an improvement, consequent upon the course taken by the Government on the American question. At Manchester the markets exhibited considerable firmness at the commencement, although there was subsequently rather less activity. The Birminghanm iron trade has been partly in suspens3, previously to the midsummuner meetings of the manufacturers; but it is not expected that any reduction in price3 willbe adopted. The failure of Louis and Alier, a mercantile house,has beenannounced, with liabilities for 50,0001., and assets which may yield 7s. Gd. in the apond. The winaing-up of the estate of Rufforda anc Wragge, the bankers of Stourbridge and Bromsgrove, who failed in 185 1, has b3en completed, and I the result is that the debts proved have amounted to 393,9981., while the assets realized have bean 68,3471., out of which 17,4121. has gone for expenses. The Nottingham advices describe no alteration; the market is quiet, but healthv, and employment is general. In the woollen districts there is a tendency to dulness, and the manufacturers are disposed to lessen their amount of production. From t the Irish linen-markets the accounts are still favonrable. The prospectus has been issued of the Ruhrort F Coal Mining Company, -with a capital of 159,9W31. in 61. shares, to work a Prussian coalfield of 3,00D acres, abuftting on the Rhine belowjDrisseldorf, and traversed by the main line of the great chain of continental railways. It is stated that the coal is of the best quality, both for manufacturing and household purposes, and that the proposed capital wiU enable an annual supply to be raised of from: 200,000 to 300,000 tons. The payment is to be 30,0001. cash and 59,0001. shares for the entire property, which can be placed in full work by the 1st of January next, and estimates are furnlshed from which the committee express a positive expectation of an immediate and permanent return of 20 per cent. Valious cases have lately been cited in ilustration of the fact that the fate of Sir John Paul was an.. exceptional instance of legal penalties falling upon a financial speculator for breach of trust. Examples occur everyvyear in which, owing to the skill with which the technicalities of law are tuirned to account, the offenders not only escape all inconvenience, but are absolutely enabled to inflict furthernmischief on their victims by subjecting them to ruinous costs in their efforts to obtain justice. Tile Aberdeen Bank, which has been among the m3st notorious failures of modern times, has again attracted public attention in thi3 sense, since, after five years' litigation, the Scotch Court of Session has just given a decision -which will leave the directors unscathed, although throughl a series of years they squandered the funds of the establisluneut in reckless advances to their personal connexions, until its entire capital -was dissipated. Periodical reports were, of course, meanwhile issued to represent that the bank;, was in a state of prosperity, warrantinrg the payment of dividends of from 6 to 9 per cent. UJpon these points there w as apparently no question, but the :;cotchJudges have decided that, because the acts of malversation have been brougr'ht home to the directors only as a body, ild not individually, the attempt to render them responsible to the deceived shareholders must be dismissed as irrelevant, and likewise that all the expenses incurred in the proceedings, which have been prolonged by the defendants wvith consunimate tact, miust fall upon the complaining parties. An appeal to the House of Lords is expected, but even if a nominal success should thus ultimately be attained, it can only be by an increase of the pecuniary sacrifice already borne. It is asserted that the three joint-stock banks nameed by John Sadleir in his letter to his brother Janies as having been accustomed to practise the same fraudulent system as the Tipperary Bank in making up their accounts are institutions wholly free from any suspicion of the kind, and that the allegation was an invention of Sadleir's to give force to his recommendations. The amounit of specie brought by the Africa fromn New York to-day is 200,0001. The coinmercial advices on this occasion are wholly uninteresting. The disbursement of the 1,5DO0,ODO. due to Texan claimants had created great ease in the moneymaiket, but the prices of securities had not experienced any corresponding improvement, speculation being checked by the uncertainty as to the reply to be expected from the British Government. Erie Railway was quoted 5Gi; Reading, 91M; Panama, 101X; and Illinois Central Bonds, S7. The shares of the Nicaraguaa Transit Company had touched 11i, the lowest point yet reached. The following communication on the position of the Grand Trunk of Canada Railway has been received by the Anerican steamer to-day from Uthe Hon. William Napier, who wa; recently deputed by the English directors and slhareholders to proceed to Canada to negotiate witlh the provincial Goverament:- "Toronto, Saturday, June 7. Sir,-The Royal mail leaving this place on the 9thinst. will undoubtedly convey to London some ofthe provincial journals of this day's date, and which contain the resolution about to be moved by the Government in the Legislative Assembly, proposing to grant financial relief to the Grand Tiunki Company. "UJnder such circumstances, and notvwithstanding, my unwillingness to appear to anticipate the results oE the Parliamentary debate which 'will ensue on that occasion, yet, to avert any untowfard consequences from the publication in EZngland of the proposed scheme of relief withoutproper explanations, and v;hich in the absence of the necesstry informaEion might create misapprehension ora false impregsion in the money-market, I consider it advisable to send ybu, Sir, a short statement concerning the negotiations on this subject betwreen the Goyernment Of Canada on the one pert, and the deputy of the committee of shareholders on the other part, and also a copy of the resolutionis about so be movedin Parliament, and such explanations as to the present and proposed arrangement of the comDany's capital as are ireod to define the new position which would be assnmed under the proposed Government measure of financal relief, in order, Sir, that you maLy make tha public acqnained with so much of tho facts as may appear neoessa6ry. "You, Sir, wi remember that in the month of Februa-y a numerous and influential meeting of the shareholder.s of the company was held at the London Tavern, to resolve nron soms course of action by which the London board of diretors sbbuld be strengthened in their efforts to obtain from the Canadian Government the necess:ary aid; and you will not have forgotten the appointment of a committee presided over by Mr.T. MWeguelin, vwth instructions to advise and co-operate with the board of directors in lendon and in Canadsa snd to recommend, among other snggestions, to his Excellency the Governor-General m Council the consideration of a 5 per cent. gnarantee for a term of 99 years on the share capital of the company as the most perfect scheme for restoring the credit of the undertaking in the money-market. '- That the public received favourably tho appointment of this committee; and the prospects of success. in the pro- posed application to the Govermnent of Canada, was evi-. denced by the continued, rise in value of the shares whCich ensued. -On the 18th of April the deputy of the shareholders' committee reached Toronto, the present seat of GoTernment in Canada, where also Messrs. Braey and Betts ahertly arriiedL "Eemeuthering how effectul, nnder aimilar eircum-2 staLuca, theguarantee schemne had proved in other couttriea,2 it 'WAI 3o 7 dubtein Eupngland thot upon proper repro-
TRADB REPORT. Monday Evening. TALLOW.-Themarket is quiet at 46s. to 46s. 3d. on the spot, and 47s. to 47s. 3d. for the lastthree months. Annexed are the statistics of stocks and prices:- ARRIVALS FOR THE WEEK. .~~~~~~~~Caskim RUSSIA .............. 2,043 South Amnenca 7.. .. - .. .. 67 Otherplaces .. .. .. .. .. 6e Total . 2,189 With regard to the general state of the trade M essrs. Colehester and Woolier remark :-" There has been more anination in the tallow-market during the week, and a lar,e amount of business has been done, alnost entirely, however, for delivery in the end of the year. We estbmate the amounmt at 5,000 tons during the last ten days, and the result is an advance of Is. 6d. per ewt. for that period. The value of Y. 0. on the spot has not been affected to the same extent, the price not having advanced more than Gd. to 9d. per cwt. This improvement requires some explanation, occuring as it does at a moment usually the dullest in the season, and the demand from the trade being met by the arrivals does not account for it. The cause must be looked for in the fact that some parties were largely oversold for the end of the year, and the unsatisfactory accounts from America induced them to buy in order to cover their transactions. The rise would have been more considerable had not the importers shown a disposition to meet buyers. The accounts from St. Petersburg by telegraph to Saturday evening state the market a shade firmer, 136r. having been paid for August delivery. To-day our marketis steady at 46s. 3d. on the spot; 46s. 3d. to 6d. for July and Augulst; 47s, to 3d. for last three months. Australian beef, 45s; sheep, 4Cs. 6d.; South American, 46s. Gd. to 47s.; town I tallow, 4Gs. net cash.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE T_IMES. Sir,-Great inconvenience having been experienced by merchants and others from the absence of the MexicanVice,- Consul of this city, the a;upreme Government of Mexico I has been pleased to appoint me Vice-Consul in London, and Her Majesty has graciously approved such appointment. I shall therefore feel obliged by your giving publicity through the medium of your journal to this commaunication, also to the accompanying document for the protection of British interests. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant. JAMIES T,. HAR.T Vice-ConsuL 31, Broad-street-buildings, June 23. MEXICAS; REPUBLIC. The Mexican Govermnent has just issued the followving circular: - "Notice is hereby given to merchants trading with the republic of Mexico, that a tariff was published on the 31st of January last, to vwhich all persons having mercantile transactions with the ports or thse interior of the republic will be renuired to conform; that strict orders have been issued to tse agents of the Government to seize on the highway or in the interior all merchandise introduced clandestimely across the frontier, or which shall not have paid the custom dues imposed by the said tariff, together with the vehicle or animial conveying the same, a fine of double the value of the merchandise seized being, moreover, inflicted on tflP possessors thereof, should the articles prove to be prohibited. N Iotice is likewise given that the Government will not be held responsible for any contract, advance of dues, remittances, dinminutions, or concessions that may be entered into with any of the subordinate agents of the republic, unless the latter have been empowered by the Government, through the Secretary of State for the respective department. "It is, moreover, declared that, in consequence of this notice, no claim will be admitted from any foreign subjects who may have entered into speculations of this nature, seeing that, by existing treaties with friendly nations, the citzens of all such are bound to submit to the laws and regulations of Mexico. " Given by order of his Excellency the President of the Republic of Mexico, April15. 1850. " JAMES L. ART, Mfexican Vice-Consul, "831, Bread-street-buildings, June 23."
I LW.Ar£Y.A SHRES. 'Monday Evening. The railwy'maiket was generally active t6-day, at a further advance, raniig fto!h lox. to it. pe share; and in moBt cases'it was fairly supported td the close. Great: Western formed an exception;' sales in connexion with estimates of the dividend having caused a decline of about 30s. Indian shares exhibited increased firmness, but Belgian and French were heavy. There was greater activity in miscellaneous descriptions, and quotations on the average' were maintained :-Ottoman Bank rose to and left off 2i to X pm.; Bank of Egypt, j to pm.; Western of London,' par to 1 pin. ; London and Paris, 34 to 2U dis.; Euphrates Valley, ? to' i pm.; testern Railway of Austria, ]I to 24 pm.; Lombardo-Venetian, 4 to i pm.; Riga Railway, 2l to 3pm. ; Bank of Swvitzerland, 4 dis. to 4 pm.; and Pernambuco, 14 to 4 pm. ORDrnARY SEARES AND STOcKS.
THE HOP-MARKET, .Twze 23. The report' from the blighted districts indieate no material lmprovoment; theplantcontinuesloaded with fly. andtbedepositoflicoeoonsiderable. WVe do not, however. learn that the blight has in any imPortant degree extended; Middle Kent, and the pari4hes adjacent to it. with the larger portiox of the Weald, being stilr comparatively free. The young and vigoroius portion of the bine is groving freely, but In nostof the older plantstions it is weaklyatndexy unpromiaing. Very ftw bets are being made upon the duty, but wo thiuk that £160,000 or upwards would he freely backed. Considerable sales have been effected on the3marlretduringthe week, rather lower prices, however having been latterly submitted to. The Worcester market is firm, but vithout much doing. Since thenabove report was received our correspondenit states that accountshave arrivedof a somewhat heavy attack of Sly having occused early ti mOrniDg iD the district of Niddle Kent, which had been previously free.
LivE STOc3x.-At Wimpson, in Ha-nts, there is a faim which is chieflydevoted to the breeding a:nd rearing of swine and poultry for the Southampton steampackets. There is an old pold in the farm, which this year has been appropriated to the vweb-footed poultry species. Soon after 1he ducks on t.he firuni were hatched, of cournse, they took to the water in the pond, and almost as soon as they did so numbers of them were discovered as1inns a leg or a foot. It was ascertained, without a doubt, that these njuries were received in the water. It was resolved, therefore, to drain the pond to discover the cause of the mutilation. This has 3ust oeen done, and the bottom of it found to be formed of mud three feet in depth, in which are thousands of eels, many of them of irniense size. There is not a doubt but that tl ese eels are the culprits.-Globce. [Advertisement.)-" The Smuggler," by John Banim author of " The O'H .ra Family." New and cheap edition. Price 2s. boards; c loth, 2s. 68.. or free by post for tw-,) stamps extra. A most excitiug and interesting n'ovel, full of daring and adveniture. Also ready. *Hcalong }1all and Nightmare Abbey," price Is.; by T. L. P.eaock.. Full of extraordinary information oD the suibiect of ghosts aTnd suipernaturAl agency wid be eagerly read by all lovers of the marve'lous. 'Life o aSaior."by Captain Chamiier; price 2s.; cloth, 2g. 6d.; post free for two extra stamDs. The courageous exploits performed by o ir British seamen and narrated by Captain Chanier, tave rendered his Fea novel deservedly faiaous. "Ben Brace," by the same au:hor; price 2s. ; dloth, 2s. 6d. Efllof interesting particulars respectiug 1Lrd NelsoD, relating ma,ny incidents in his private iife Ititherto unrecorded in history. "The Widow Bamaby, by;`sf` Tro'lope rpnce 2s. ; cloth, 2s. G8L ALso, J. Morier's celebrated Persian tale, "Hajji Baba in England;" price Is. 6cd,; cloth, 2s London. Ward and Lock. 152, Fleet-street. [Advertisement.]-" Corinne, or Italy," by Madame de Stael, cheap edition, )rice 2s., cloth, 2s. ad, is considered on all bands onie of the very bist novels ever yet -written. Lord Byron, Sir JarscsMlacklntosb, Schiegnl, and others, have passed the highest enconiuns on the talent, the brilliaucy. the wonderful conception of " Corinne." Lord Iayron writes of 3Madame de Steel *- She will enler into that existence in whichi the great writem. of all ages and natidons are, as it w oeree,asociated in a world of thbir own, and from that suPerior sphere shed their etemal influence for the control and censolatia,n of maankind." This edition of ' Corime" is most carefully translated, and t1e Ilyrical ortionsot the worl are beautifuelyrcdered by the late L. E. L.t. issLandou). London, Ward and Locl, 16S, Fleet-stree-t. [Advertisement.]-The most interesting and instructive voline ever pul.lished.-'l The Child's Educator," conducted by John Cassedl, comnplete in one large and elegant volume of 610 pages, crowdn 4to., enbbci'iehed with several hundred illustrative engravings, price Se, in handsome aloth boards. "1The Chld's Educator" forms a workof great interest an- utility to the family circle. The contents are as fo'lovw:-OUtlines of Botaly, by Dr. Scoffern, illustrated wiith upwards of 200 engravings-Natural History of Maammalia by Mary Howitt, wish 128 beautifu,l engrsvrings-Geopraphy for my l9dren, by Mrs. H. Beecher Stowe-. revised and adapted by the English effitor, with 70 engravings-Physiology, Anatomy, and Health, by Professor C Cutter, wilth &) engravings-Astronomy, by J. W. Green, Esq., with 60 lisgranis-Conversations on Com;non Things, by Mfary Howitt-Rasy Tesos in French, by ProfessordeLosne-An linustrated Arithmetic, with several hundred engravings-English L-inguage and Grammar, on an entirely new system--Lessons on Electricity aud Chymistry. with diserams-Chronology, from the earliest period-Explanation of Terms! |emnployed in arts, re-tote, discoveries, and inventions, &c., the whole presenting a mass of entertainment and instruction net to be found in labny okne lvolucme. LSondon, W. Kxent and Co,, Paternoster-row, and I [ A dvertisement.,-Mayhew's " Whom to Marry and How to get Married,,' price Is. tS., and "Wild Sports of the Far West," by Gertaecker. price Is. Cd., are the new roleines of Routledge's cheap series, which now comprises upwards of 140 volumes, all alike suitable for railway or home reading. Ths folowing are also ready:-" Pottleton egacy" 2, by Albert Smith; and, pricel. eacb, MJIss Edgewortb's "A sentee,"" Mancreurng," *Ennui," "Absentee"-beinghercelebrated "Ta'esof Fashionable Life." Z(o orn sh1ould start on a journey without providing binsself wilb EOme of the volumes, Complete lists gratis on pplicaton, London (Gge Routidge and Co,, 2, Parringdon-ttreet, ..
R L 'ILAY NR A AND UIEGE AND MONA AA- UATAr1 The half-yeary meeting of thqis company was held yester . .dav rt the London Tavern prepartory, to the almeeting to be held at Brussels on the 3uth inst., Mr. J. Cary i the The report, an abstract of which has appeared ir T2he .Timnes, was taken as read. The OCHAIRmA, in raoving the adoption of the report, explained that it was intended by the directors to hold the meeting on the 23d of April last; but,in consequenoeof -the proceedings of some of the shareholders in respect to the back interest the meeting -was.postponed and the matfer in-dispute wa referred to arbitration. At the last inettingof the shareholders in London a dividend of 2AE. rer share was rejected, but it was adopted by the meeting f the company at Brussels. Great fault had been found with the directors by Mr. Joresfor not paying the back interest but, in fact, they had no funds with which to pay it. The question for arbitration was submitted in March last, and the directors hadl given th&greatest facility, they could to the committee of shareholders, and affarded them erery in- formation on the subject They. had also instructed -their: lawyer to-assist in every way with a view to bring the litigation to anendassoon.aspossible. The award-ofthearbi- trators had not yet been made, but when niade it would be, finaL- The directors hadfunds now in hand to y a divi-. dend of 4f. per share, Mhich it would be -their duty to declar Allusionhadbeen madeto a concession for a line -shieb would cross the llons and Manage line to the injury of the property, and the resident.director had given -notice, to the authorities of an action for damages in case the pro- I posed railway should be carried through. The debenture debt had been reduced by 155 debentures at the last ineeting. and would befurtherreducedat the end of the month -by, paying off the additional number of 160 debentures. . He re- commended the shareholders to pass a resolution acceptin' . the dividend of 4f., and also -that of 24f. declared at the last meeting, subject to the award of the arbitrators, and payable on the 15th of July next. With regard to the proposal for leasing the line; the directors proposed that a committee of three shareholders should be -appointed to confer aith the board as to the expediency, or otherwise, of acceptingit. After some observations from Mr. :ABERGA, and other shareholders, on itens in the aocounts, and explanations from Mr. Moates, the agent tothe compan,y, in the course of wluch it was stated that the price of coke, oil, sleepers, and othermaterials had doubled during the pasttwo years, thus accounting for the high rate of working expenses, The resolution adopting the report was carried The CHrAIarAi-having explained that two directors retired by rotation, but that only one, MIr. Panry, offered himself for re-election, and the other, Mr. Greig, resigned, the former was re-elected a director of the company. Jr. B n.BOw wishedtohave sstrongboard, andreformstio3i in the management, and therefore hoped the shareholders would elect some one to fill the vacancy caused by the retirement of Mr. Greig. A discussion ensued, in the course of which Mr. Barrow was elected a director of the company. The CtAmIPAN then proposed a resolution to the effect that the surplus profits of 5,6091. be dispose& of by appropriating 1,3541. to the fund for the renewal of permanent way, and the remaimfder to the payment of 4 francs per share for the half-year on the original share capitaL This resolution would be subject to the award of the arbitrators in Belgium, although the directors did - not admit their power. to make an award. Mr. Biizizow said if they declared the dividend he and those whoacted with hiinwould&attaclhthe-funds. On the motion of Mr. FiELD; it was agreed to defer the. declaration of dividend until the awara was made. The CHAnIaR.a then moved a resolution -to the effect that a committee - of three shareholders -be appointed to confer with the directors as to the offers made by responsible parties for leasing the Moun andaMinage Railway, and to advise with them as to other measures for the benefit of the company. MIr. PAinRY, a director, explained they had had three applications and two offers for leasing tho line, but he was not then at liberty to state the terms offered, nor the names of the parties. He could only say that the offers were, such as he could recommend, and there could be no doubt of the security. Mr. J. Field, 3fr. Biagden, and Mr..Albergawere appointed a committee, and, after a vote of thanks, the meeting;separated. MANClHlSTER, EFFILD, .AND LINCOLNSHIRE. The working expenses and other outgoings of this company's railwnys(exclusive of the Manchester, SouthJunction, and Altrincham, stated below) have amounted in the fortnight ending June 15 to 7,560t. 4s. lild., making, with the 97,118t. 7s. 6d. already seated, a total of 104,678!. 12s. 5d. for the-first 12 fortnights of the half-year, or at the rate of 52-12 per cent. on the railway traffic for the same-period. The proportion of the -South Junction, &c., receipts aCcruing to this company for the fortnight ending June 1S amounts to 8211. 3s. ld., makdng, with the 8,4301. s. 3d. revionsly stated, a total for the first -12 fortnights of the half-year of 9,2511. 6s. 4d.,; while the expenses, being 4651. lSs. vd for this and 4,236. 7s. lod. for the 11 previous fortnights, amount to 4,702!. ls. Id;, or at the rate of 50-82 per cent. REPORT FROM TEE COMMITTEE ON RAILWAY _ . X9RTE-ABILLS. Mr. Conn reported from the commnittee that the bill. only auithories The eten sionof timo ,for the constru;tion of a railway already authorized by Parliament. Mr;.Smalman and Mrr. J. F?owler wsere the engineers exa3mined in support of the bill, and Mr. Errington and MIr. Hawkshaw were examined in opposition to it. Petitions fron the Great NTorthern, North-Eastern, Lancashire and Yorkshire, Lancaster and Carlisle, London and North-Western, Caledonian, and Mlidland Railway Companies were presented against the bilL The committee had amended the preamble of the iil, by strikdng out therefrom what related to runningpowersandtothedeviationof thenmain line, and by inserting therein an allegation touching the grant of facilities for the conveyance of tra'dic to and from and over the North-Western R;ailway, and had found the same, as atmended, to he true. The biUhaving been recommitted to the committee, they amended the preamble of the bill, by omitting therefrom the allegation that it iS expedient to grant powvers of sale or lease of the undertaking to the Great Northern- Railway Company. TIRAIC RETURNS. Miles Bas- 3fer- TotaL. To, Eallwa%. o1en. sengems. chn ise 5. 183.I Week ending May 2 £ Grand Trunk of Canada -- 513 ..1,512 . 3,003 4 - 4.515 3,031 Week ending June 6. Grt Westem of Canada - - 2S3 6,85 . 3.341 . 13,197 ..M 7919 Week ending June IS. Monsand lTanage .. .. 21 10S 312 9 20 83 Week ending June 21. tndon, Brisnton, a South coast . .. .. 1831 ..16,274 .. 3074 1 19,348 .. 14,721 8aoth-Ewster-.. - . - . - .. 20.651 .. 19,637
GLASGOW, June 21.-Cotton.-Throughout the week cotton hasbeen very quiet, buyers taking only small parcels. Pricesareaboutthe sameaslastweek Ingoodsand yarns a quiet feeling prevails, but the tendency is decidedly towards improvement. Iron.-The business in pig-iron during the past week has beenfar from e-xtensive. Transactions, confined principally to fixed date parcels, sold for a falL The tone of the market has, however, been much steadier than during the preceding week, and altlhough mixed numnbers have been done for various deliveries as low as 71s. 6d. to 72s., the feeling was firer this afternoon, and 73s. cash could have been obtained; buit sellers kept aloof. No. 1, g.m.b., quoted 75s.; No. 3, 72s. 6d.; Gartsherrie, 77S. - .THE TEA TRADE, June 23.-The deliveries in London, estimated for the weel, were 648,6081b., being a decrease of 1,0051b. compared with the previous state. ment.
LOCAL CHAG.?S UPON SB1PP.LVG. lln,rTqrc. nv MittiLrAwo- The Committee met yesterday in Room No. 18, Mr. XLwO; in the chair. - Mr. SLuttleworth was lurther examined by the CGLirEXAx at considerable length, to ascertain the meaning of-the term "lordship" of Liverpool, ind-how far the jurdisitibn of the corporation extended. Various documents were referrea to, toshow that, other parties,exercised manorhd nights- on part of the district climed. by-Li.verpool, as at 3la!e,-Garston, Spoke, and Beeeton;. but XM-. S4uttleworth Eaid he did not consider these cases at all inconsistent with the claims of the corporation. Ee blieveain severaldman,dates the terms ruade mse of v~ere "town and-lordship,'. andthecharters did notmention "theport;"butthe port was claimed by the corporation in the trial before Lord Denimmin 1833. Belating to the imposition of the towa dues, they were mentioned in the reign of RdwaTd I., -when -the Itort was created, and Lverpool caimed to receive the pett customs which were then payable to tte ingIf he held the port himself, or to his grantees if the tolls had been-derised. There were dues apon all articles imported or exported according to their nature, and this clai was supported at the trial before referredto Mr. Shnttleworth as here subjectedto along examination to prove that the grant under which liverpool claimed to levy the dues did not include the right to altertheir amount, or to impose tbemuoon articles not in existence at the time of thegrants. The CHIiSAy referred to the decision of LordHRale ' to sbow that no new tolls ought to be imposed without due authority; and that duties by prescription ought notto be-enhanced or enlarged. He alluded also to the 22d Henrt VIM, chap. 8, sec. 2, which directed that tables of tolls should be set up in places where they were collected, to the intent that nothing should be exacted but what in times past- had been authorized. Mr. Shuttleworth, in reply, referred to the opinion of Lord Denman at the triali 1833, and said, the corporation did not claim the right to increase the tolls. He was aware that -the anchorage dues which in 1674 were 5d., wrere now Is. and ls. Od, and also that the dues payable on tallow, which in 1630 were As. a-ton, were raised in 1674sto 5se; xt present they were Id. per cwt. -The rates in sonne cas were higher, and in others considerably less, -ecording to the statement of Mr. Statham, the late townclerk; but he (Ar.- Shuttleworthb was not prepared to stata -upon what authority the amount of the dues had been altered. He would, however, inquire into the subject. In the case of coals, the dues, which were originally d. per ton, were now 2d. Tbe CHArnLA-; then referred Mr. Shuttleworth to the case of "Groom v. Thompson," 4. lB., p. 545, where Lord Denman, in his judginent, said the question of the right of a corporation to impose tolls on new articles was raised inl the Liverpool case, but not decided. In reply Mr. Shuttleorth Eaid he could only repeat what he had alreadystated. He imagined Lord Desnman iust have meant that the question had not been decided in full court, for at the-trial in 1833 his Lordship expressed his opinion in favoulr of the rightof the corporation. This trial arose from the circumstance of a number of armrs disputing the right of the Liverpool corporatiort to levy the dues, and their object was to prove the town dues an illegal exaction. He (lr. Shuttleworth) was aware that the evidence of Mr. Heron went to show that the object of the parties was not to abolish the dues, but to see that all parties should pay alike. After referring to the notes of the trial Mr. Shuttleworth passed from this part of the question to the conduct of the corporation toowards the dockl estate. He said that in earlier years the corporation had given money and land for the docks; but when the estate was in a flourishin condition 'this was discontinued, and the land was rold to them. The first grant was of four acres of land and 5001., in 1710. In 17.38, seven acres and 1,0001.; in 1762, 144. acres; in 17S5, 12 acres; and in 1811, four acres and 5'J0 yuirds for enlarging the Queen's Dock; but, in consideration of this, the corporaton received back a portion of the old dock. In 1785 the dock trustees were first incorporated, and from that time any land Tequired by the trustees- of the corporation for the extension of the docks was paid for. There had been instances of a few grants of land subsequentlv. Mr. Shuttleworth then repeated the evidence already given as to the constitution of the dock committee, and was subjected to a series- of questions -by the CQaAisnANS to ascertain fhe effect of the nght of veto possessed by the cor.oration over the dock trustees. The result was that Mr. bhuttleworth gave it as his opinion that the operations of the trustees were carried on quite as freely as if no such power of veto were in existence. As to the disputes about the rating of the docks, that was a struggle on the part of the ratepayers of Iiverpool to bring in a large estate, which, if in the hands of a company, would have paid towards the burdens of the town; but this dispute hadnow ceased. The Committee, at 4 o'clock; adjourned until Thursday next.
IBELIND. (FF-.OM oui oWN CORREMoNDEST.) -- - DUBiN;, MOND_Y MORLNING. EDUCATIO- QTESTION. In the course of some remarks condemnatory of 2r. Walpole's recent onslaught upon the system of mational education in Ireland the Freeman's Joturoald reproduces some of the statistics of the National Board, with a view of showing how deeDly important the question of. mni-xed education has become mince the extension of the present system :- "By a return ordered by the Earl of Eglintoun we find that for the six months ending March, 1852, there were 4,700 sehools in operation, of which there were 1,875 inllster, 1,OSS in Munster,1,449 in Leinster, and 58S in Connaught. Of these 2,524 ha'd mixed classes; the remaining did not partake of that character. ~' By a more recent return wve find that for the half-year 'ended March, 1853, the attendance at the several classes of schools w as as folIow s: " Children of the Established Church, 23,629, of which 18,169 attended in non-vested schools, and 5,460 in vested schools. " Catholic children, 390,840, of which 266,901 attended in non-vested schools, and 123,939 in vested schools. "Presbyterians, 39,751, being 34,336 in non-vestedschools, and 5,415 in vested schools. "Other Protestant denominations, 2,083, being 1,710 in non-vested schools, and 373 in schools vested in the board. T hne attendance we find thus distributed in the several -provinces:- Other zstablished Roman 1resbyte- Protestant Clurch. Catholics. rians. Dissenters U7lster ... . .. 17,399 6.3,205 39.434 1,963 M,unster ... ... 1,361 133,724 57 44 Ieinster ... ... 3,045 115.017 154 19 Connaught ... 1,824 58,894 106 57 23,629 390,S40 39,751 2,083 "Taking into account the poorer circumstances of Catho1ics, the exclusive facilities that endowed schools afford to Protestants, the hostility of the Established Church to the National Board, and the vast preponderance of the Catholic ever the Protestant population, we are decidedly of opinion that the attendance at the national schools is in a tair ratio to the mixed population of this country. Xr. WValpolo boasts that the Church education schools are largely attended by Catholics. We do not immgn his statistics, but c.annot overlook the fact that tas figures are not like those of the National Board, subject to Government inspection and scrutiny. But, assuming that his figures are right, the more children that are coerced in thepresent state of his schools the greater danger would there be in giving to such intolerant patrons as now Control them State funds to extend their operations and afford to their vicious efforts the public sanction of a State support. If Mr. Walpole's figures be right they show that an inferior education, such as the Church Education Society gives, is able, when aided by landlord coercion, to draw as many Catholics within the range of their sectarian teachin" as the national system can bring of Protestants. Let the Catholic public and the Liberal members of Parliament ask themselves how many Catholic children would bebrought over by the combined efforts of coercion and State bribery if Mr. Walpole be permitted to succeed, and let their conduict be regulated by the answer which common sense and analogy would suggest." TILE LiUN;'DATION;S LK FR-NCE. The Roman Catholic prelates, now assembled in lull synod in Dublin, have entered into subscriptions for the relief of the sufferers by the late inundation in the south of Franoe. Dr. Cullen heads the list of episcopal contributors with a donation of lOl., Bishop Cantwell contributes a similar sum, and the other prelates give sumns varying from 51. t o 2l., mal;ingt a total from this source of 132l. TILE IRISH BAlAK RETURNS. The Irish Bank returns just published for the month ending the 7th inst. are very satisfactory. Eome conjectured they would be in our notice of the last return. The decrease of circulation is little m-ore than one-third of the amount it has been in past relative periods, being but 147,0001., against 320,000l. last year and 404,0001. in 1854. To show the fluctuations in the retiurn compared with the preceding, and also that of last year, we will place the returns side by side, omitting the figures for the bullion, as they very slightly vary:_ Av - ~~~~~Samg Juno, Average Same preceding period last Circulation. Return. Year. Bank of ITreland -£3,250,00 . 3 355,000 c3,181,000 -Provincial. .. 09,000 9. 31,000 .. 53.000 BSelfast ,. .. 350.000 404,000 34.000 Nerthern .. .. 243,000 .. 264 0af) .. 22s,000 Ulster In- -0 1 000.0 . 3,000 . ss31.00 National .. ..1,140e,000 .. 3,01,000 .. 97,000 Carmick .. .. 20.0o0 .. 24,000 20000 C5onmel .. .. S5,0M0 .. 5.:0 :: 56,000 £6,364,000 zei,512,000 £_,022,00o The following are the totals Circulation. Bullion. Bank of Ireland. 3251,000 S54.00O Private banks 3,114,C00 1,225,000 Tast month ..651 ocO 2,070. co Sanme time Last year .. .022 o 1,S96,000 June, 1854. 6,180,000 1,925,000 June, 1853 .,365,00a 1421,000 THIE RAILWAY FORGERIES. After the conviction and sentence of Knighting ~counsel for the prosecution announced that it was intended to postpone for the present the trial of the prisoner upon the remaining indictments. For reasons only known to themselves the jury accompanied their verdict of " Guilty" with a recommendation to mercy, but the Chief Baron very properly refised to pay any attention to such misplaced sentinentality. " We have found it our painful duty (said his Lordship) to announce that we feel it impossible consistentlv to give you the benefit of that recommendation. The case appears to be one on wilich it is necessary to let fall the full penalty which the law imposes. The office which you held is one of the gre-atest importance both to the company which employed you and the great number of persons, I -had almost said the masses of the community, who depended for the support of themselves and of their families on the profits derived from stock held in such companies. Stock in railway companies now constitutes a large portion of the public property. Large sums of money are invested in it. It is used for many purposes-for the support of large families, and for the establishment of persons in life who have nothing else to maintain them in their position. The public funds are as well guarded by such institutionis as the Banks of England and Ireland; but other companies have nothing to depend upon but the good character of their officials and those good principles which you were believed to possess, and which you betrayed and disgraced. It is therefore absolutely necessary for the protection of their interests that the severe penalties of the La°w be enforced against for ery and fraud. In such a case leniency is not mercy, but the worst cruelty to the prisoner himself. Considering the interests you were houndto maintain, the character which you had to support-the very character which afforded you the means of committing an offence so heinous as that of wvhich you have been now found guilty-we conceive we should not nowv be performing our duty if we did not impose a heavy penalty, one which may prevent others placed in a similar position from betraying trust, by the *ear of the calamity which will ruin those who look up to them for comfort, for encouragement, and support. It is not the least of the misfortunes of crime that its consequences involve in punishment both the innocent and the guilty, and we hope that the penalty which you will have to suffer will have the effect of deterring others from such faults through a consideration of their personal interests, of tle ties, social and domestic, whichibind themto integrity, as well as from a respect for those duties which belong to positions of trust. It is our painful duty to consign you to a position where you ll be a serf and a slave, cut off from society, separated from the world without the means of communicating with your family or friends. for a long period of your life. The sentenceof the Court is that you undergo penal servitude for a period of six years."
SiB BALDwI- WALK;ER, K.C.B.-Sir Baldwin Wake Walker, Surveyor-General of the Navy, whose elevation to a baronetcy for his public services we shall jrobably have to announce from the Gazettc to-morrow, is the enly surviving son of Mr. John Walker, by Frances Wake, a distant relative of the present baronet of that title, and a member of the same family with Archbishop Wake, of Canterbury, and Sir Isaac Wake, ambassador under James L to Savoy and Venice. His grandfather was a lincolnmhire clergyman, holding the small vicarage of Baston and the caracy of Deeping St. James, in that county. He was born in 1803, and entered the navy in 1812 ; in 1820 he became Lieutenant, and was appointcd to thle Nautilus, on the Jamaica station. From 1823 to 1826 he was actively employed on the coasts of South A1merica and Africa, in the Brazen, and subsequently served in the Mediterranean in the Rattlesnake and -,Etna, the captain of the latter vessel being the present Admiral Sir Ste phen lushington, K.C.B., who commanded the Naval Briga con shore at the siege of Sebastopol. While First Lieutenant of this ship, in October, 1828, ho was able to render valuable aid to Captain Lushington in the reduction of the Castle of Morea, the last hold of the Turks in the Peloponneses; for his services on this occasion he was rewarded with the Order of the Redeemer of Greece, and also received the distinction of the Legion of Honourfrom the French liing. He was subsequently in the Asia, the Britannia, and the Barhaun, and in the latter vessel he continued to serve in the Mediterranean until 1834, when he obtained the rank of Commander. From 183G to 1838, when he became Captain, he was - in employed in the Mediterranean on board the Vanguaro, and from April to October, 1845, and from April 1846, to August, 1*47, held command of the Queen andt te Constance, the former ship bearin- the flag of Admiral Sir John West at Devonport, and the latter being stationed in the Pacific. At the close of 1817 he was appointed Surveyor of the Navy, and for nearly nine years has devoted his energy and talents to his official duties, the xesult of vwhich services has beeni shovn in the magnificent fleet reviewed last inonth by Her Majest. For some years lie as a Rear and Vice-Admiral in the Turkish service, and was made a KC.B. in 1841 for the gallant conduct wvhich lie displayed durinn the operations on the coast of Syrianader the late Admiral Siril. Stopford and Sir C. Napier.including the attack on Beyrout, and the bombardment of St-Jean d'Acre. HeNvas also made aKnight of the Second Clas oftlie Iron Crown ofAustria, of St. Anne of Rusgia, and of the beid Eagle of Pressi. itn 18'34 he married Mary Catharine, only daughter of the late Captain .J Worth, R.Y., of Oakley-house, Suffolk, and granddaughter of thelate Captain Pa:rickSinclair, R.N, of Duren, county of Caithness, NYorth Britain.
NAVYL D2WthITA1Y r TNTLIGB2WR. Tho following vessels passed the Bosphorus froni the Crimea on passage to England on the 19th and 20th inst. .-Te Chanticleer, with two companies of the 49th Regiment; and. the Sidon, with the 93d Rlegiment. The Grenadier Guards, in the St. Jean d'Acre, and the Coldstreams, in the Agamemnon, are daily expected at Spithead. They will, we believe, go to Aldershott until the Scots Fusileer Guards arrive in the Princess Royal about the end of the week. The three battalions will then make their entry into London together, headed by Her 3fajesty. They willproceed from Waterloo station along the Strand, Pall-mall, St. Jamess-street, and Piccadilly, to Hyde Park. Her Majesty's ship Gorgon, 6, Commander Tower, left Portsmouth for PlYmouth yesterday, takiDng Captain Frede. rick Hutton, -who succeeds Captain Kingcome in the command of Her Majesty's ship Royal William, 120, at that port. The steam-transport Great Western arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East with 23 officers and 411 men of the Royal Artillery (forming the 3d, 8th, and 12th battalions), 56 horses, and 15 tons of baggage. Among the officers are Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, of the 46th; Lieutenants Newman, Mallett, Davern, King, O'Connor, Dawson, and Morres, Mr. Needham, and Mir. Hartwell, of the 47th; Major Barry, Lieutenants Trederoft, Tucker, Franldin, and Hunter, and Dr. Orton, of the Royal Artillery; the Hon. G. Waldegrave; Captain Puxley, 6th Dragoons; As. sistant-Surgeon Mitchell (Staff), Mrs. Stewart, and Miss Marsh. Major Whyte, Captain Hobbs, Lieutenants Chichester and Marshall came passengers from Gibraltar. The ship went into Portsmouth harbour to disembark yesterday. The Etna steamu-transport returned to Portsmouth yes. terday from Queenstown with militia. NTo. 17 sailing-transport arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East, laden principally wit] stores. The Sarah Sands steam-transport was paid off out of the transport service at Portsmouth yesterday. The Ehersonese steam-transport, whose arrival from the East at Portsmouth we reported yesterday, is ordered to Ireland with her troops (the 94th). The Government storeship Industry was yesterday morning warped into the outer basin, Woolwich, to be overhauled for repairs. The Rhadamanthus storeship was admitted at the same time to commence reloading with boilers and steam machinery. EThe paddlewheel steamer Vivid, Master Commander Henry W. Allen, has returned to Woolwich from Folketone, having conveyed Prince Oscar of Sweden across the Channel. The screw gunboat Porpoise was towed up to Woolwich yesterday morning by the steamer Monkey, from Messrs. Pitcher's, the builders, Northfleet. The 14 gun screw steam sloop Niger, Captain the Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, having been thoroughly repaired and fitted, sailed from Woolwich yesterday morning, and, after having her compasses adjusted at Greenhithe, will proceed to the East Indies and China. The East Anglian, Government steam-transport, was yesterday morning hauled alongside the Arsenal wharf, Woolwich, to discharge her cargo from Portsmouth, consistng of Russian and English guns and mortars, and other ordnance stores from the East. The transport Sydney has landed her horses and transport stores at Deptford, and is ordered down to Woolwich to discharge shot and the remainder of her cargo, when she iS to be paid out of the service. The transport Amity, having landed the whole of her stores at Woolwich, is ordered to cancel her number, and will be paid oif The screw-transport Melbourne, Captain Champion, with a heavy freight of ordnarnce and other stores from the East, is to have her number obliterated and to be paid out of the Government transport service. The Acorn, 16, Commander A. W. A. Hood (1854), having been completed and made ready for sea, received orders to proceed from Chatham yesterday to Sheerness, after which she will take her departure for the coast of Africa. The Cadmus, 21, steamn screw-corvette, having completed her coppering, has been undocked at Chatham, and will be taken into dock for the purpose of being made ready for sea. TheElk-, 12, Captain C. Hamilton, at Chatham, having been completed, is awaiting her sailing orders. It is expected that her destination will be the Chinese seas in scarch of pirates. The Mars, 80, screw steamer, has been taken into dock at Chatham to be brought forward for a commission. The riggers have been ordered to commence immediately. The Renown, 91, screw steamer, building at Chatham, has a large number of shipwrights employed on board, orders havingbeen received to have her completed with all despatch. Captain O. N. Chatterton, belonging to the depOt of the 35th Regiment, at Chatham barracks, has received an order to proceed to the provisional battalion at Eaniskillen, having been appointed Staff officer of pensionors at that station. X Yesterday morning a detachment of non-commissioned officers and privates belonging to the Royal Sappers and Miners, the whole of whom have undergone a course of instruction in working the electric telegraph at Brompton barracks by Messrs. Martin and Woolley, the instractors appointed by the War-office, left the head-quarters of the corps at Chatham and proceeded to the camp at Aldershott, under the command of Major F. Du Cane, Royal Engineers, for the purpose of laying down about sin miles of telegraph wires at Aldershott for the use of the authorities at the camp. The A, B, G, F, and W batteries of the Royal Artillery, recently arrived at Woolwich from the Crimea, together with the C troop of Royal Horse Artillery, were yesterday morning drawn up in review order on Woolwich-common, under the command of Colonel Anderson, R.A., and were drilled and minutely inspected by the Commandant of the garison, Major-General Whinyates, attended by BrigadeMajor Shaw and a staff of officers, for the purpose of ascertaining the general appearance of the men and the state of their accoutrements, which, it appears, were highly satisfactory. Her Majesty's steamer Forth (screw-mortar), Captain Lord John Hay, C.B., left Portsmouth for Plymouth daring the night of Sunday. Her Majesty's steamer Centaur, 6 (paddle-frigate), Captain Clifford, C.B., will leave Portsmouth for Gibraltar, to aid in getting transports homeward bound through the Straits. She will go to Spithead this day. The Germania steamship was paid off from the transport service at Portsmouth yesterday. The Prince and Princess steamship arrived on Sunday at Dublin with detachments of the Royal Artillery from the Crimea. Many of the gallant fellows wore medals, and several had also the second riband and medal with the French decoration given by the Emperor Napoleon. The soldiers looked remarkably well and in excellent spirits; A draught of the 62d Regiment, numbering 225 men, under the command of Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Neynoo arrived in Cork on Thursday from Mullingar, to await the arrivaloftheEugenia transport for conveyance to NovaScotia. The head-quarters are on their passage from Malta to Nova Scotia. A draught of the 63d Regiment, numbering 175, also arrived in Cork on Thursday for conveyance to Nova Scotia. A draught of the th, numbering 110, arrived on Thursday for the same destination. A draught of the 1st Royals and of the 49th Regiment, from Fermoy, arrived on Friday in Cork barracks. They proceeded to Idverpool next day to join the head-quarters of the regiment in Cephalomia. MILITIA. The North Cork Rifles marched from barracks on Saturday to Fernoy, for the purpose, it is believed, of being disembodied. This regiment, including all ranks, amounts to upwards of 600.
T}rE ALEGED MA_ANUFACrURE OF IDOLS AT IBiINTINGEA'M.-Some months ago a story was in circulation charging the Birmingham manufacturers with making idols "for exportation." We explained at the time that the story was based on a joke which appeared in Punch. As a jole it was copied into an Anmerican newspaper, but a reeigious ournals reprinted it in sober earnest, and so it made its way into the French newspapers. From them it returned to England invested with the full proportions of a solemn affirmation; it had its day in the press and on the platform, was explained, and died away. People thought they had heard the last of the idol naanufactories of Birmingham, but last week the story was revived, Birmingham itself being the place where the renewed charge was made. At the Church Missionary meeting in our Town-hall on Tuesday Lieutenant-Colonel Mlartin, an Indian officer, affectionately begged the audience to "II ase making idols," and to give him, instead, a bell for a chapel at Peshawur. The Rtev. Hugh Stowell, of MVanchester, speaking on the same tempting subject, ingeniously combined an eleemosynary appeal with vehement denunciation. He said :-" Let the manufacturers of Birmingham, if they had got money by the making of idols, bring forth fruit meet for repentance, and pay back every fraction of the accursed money into the treasury of the Church Missionary Society, and never again manufacture an idol lest they should be found to be. worshippers of the God Mammosi." We regret that of the Birmningham clergymen present on the platform not one thought it his dutytorebut this slander on his fellow-towrnsmen; and we wonder that strangers to the town should have ventured to use a wholesale accusation of idol-making as an argunment to induce larger subscriptions to the society whoso cause they were sent to advocate, The charge having been so deliberately repeated in so public a manner, we are entitled to ask Colonel Martin and Mr. Stowell for the proofs by which they support it. If they have proofs our columns are opezfor their atatement; if, having none, these gentlemen remain silent, the publie will know in future how to estimate the value of their " facts."-Airis's Birmeinghamn GaW.
AFFRAY BE)TVEEN g1h GEBMAN ancd ENLZGLISH TROOPS at ALLDERSUOTT. FARNBOROUGHE3 JvN-z 23. 'The encampmentat Aldershott has been the sceneof a serious disturbance, which commenced on Saturdlayevening, between the German and English troops in garrison. The regiments implicated are the 2d German Jaigers on the one side, and the depts of the 1stt and 2d battalions of the Rifle Brigade on the otiher. -There is some doubt as to the precise circumsthnces under which the affray originated, but one thing is certain, that; the dispate vwhich led to the disturbance began in one of the publichouses within the village of Aldershott. The agers were the stronger party, and it is admitted on all hands that they went to most inexcusable lengths, and used with indiscriminate violence knives, sticks, stones, and bayonets. Severalmenwere seriously wounded, and it was found necessary to convey them to the hospital, where they now remain, many of them in a state of great suffering. Immediately on the fact of the disturbance becoming known at head-quarters General Knollys ordered out strong pickets, and kept the troops in camp under arms until all apprehension of further rioting was at an end. Yesterday morning a general order was issued forbidding any soldiers in camp to enter the village of Aldershott, but these precautions had not the desired effect, for early in the afternoon another riot broke out, and the camp bugles at once called all the troops to arms. The depots of the Rifle Brigade and such other regiments as could ble hastily got together were despatched into the surrounding villages with orders to clear the publichouses and bring all the soldiers into camp. At 9 o'clock last night everything was quiet, but it is confidently stated by those competent to form an opinion on the subject that unless the German troops are at once removed serious consequences will undoubtedly ensue. An investigation into the circumstances has already been set on foot. The prevailing impression is that the Germans left the camp in large bodies on Saturday night, anrmed with sticks and other weapons, and, visiting in succession the different publichouses in which their English comrades were enjoying themselves, without provocation of any kind assailed them and turned them out of the houses, and, in some places, smashed the windows, furniture, &c. At one periodaffairs were so threatening that the cavalry were actually ordered out to part the combatants; but, fortunately, a cessation in the disturbance rendered their employment unnecessary. Several men were, however, so seriously injured with bayonet wounds yesterday as to be obliged to go into hospitaL It is not generally known that a few weeks ago the 3d Regiment of J.igers were ordered to quit Aldershott at a very short notice, in consequence of a disturbance in which they were implicated; and the general impression is, that their comrades of the 2nd Regiment must follow if the authorities desire to maintain peace and order in the encampment. The occurrence of this affray is very deeply regretted, inasmuch as, up to a recent date, nothing could be more perfect than the good understanding which has prevailed not only among the troops in camp, but also between the whole military force and the civilians resident in the adjacent villages. In proof of this it may be mentioned that, only on Friday last, the inhabitants of Farnham gave a dinner to 200 men of the 1st Royal Dragoons, this being the first regiment that has arrived in camp from the Crimea. A great many changes in the camp are in contemplation. The whole of the brigadiers have received notice that their services will be no longer required after the return of the troops from the East, it being intended to employ the officers micommand of brigades in the East in the same capacity at Alderihott. The Kerry Militia left the camp on Saturday under orders for Portsmouth, there to embark for Cork. Huts are now in process of construction for the 1st and 2d battalions of the Rifle Brigade, which are daily expected to arrive from the Crimea. Dr. O'Elaherty has been relieved from his duties as medical officer of the encampment by Dr. Paynter, who will superintend the north camp, Dr. Gibson assuming the medical supervision of the south camp. A massive bell, weighing between two and three tons, and forming part of the spoils of Sebastopol, has arrived in camp, as a p esent from the War Department. This trophy is about to he erected in a prominentposition in the south camp. On the occasion of the Queen's recent visit to Aldershott, Her Majesty was graciously pleased to command that Troop Sergeant Bailey and one private of the 1st Royal Dragoon Guards, and Troop Sergeant-Major Stewart and one private of the 5th Dragoon Guards, should proceed to Lndon for the purpose of having photograph likenesses of themselves taken for the Royal collection. All these men were present during the whole Crimean campaign, and each of them has several distinguishing marksfor good conduct.
T0 THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Having perused in your valuable journal of this date "a return of the regiments of militia in the united kingdom that volunteered for service during the late war," and fnding the "IRoyal London" omitted, I beg to t you that the services of that regiment were placed at the disposal of the Right Hon. the Secretary of State, War Department, not only for the Mediterranean, but for any station abroad that Her Majesty might be pleasee' to order them. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. W. THOAS HALL. CaDtainand Adintant. .Roya1 London lilitia. Axmy and Navy Club, St. Jamess-square, June 20.
SmrruaL DFsTrs¶urow LY nix MITROPOnIS.- Yesterday there was a meeting at Wilis's Rooms of the subscribers to the London Diocesan Church Building Society and of the promoters of Church Extension in the Diocess of London. The Archbishop of Canterbury presided, and on the platform were Lord Robert Grosvenor, Lord Leigh, E3arl Powis, the Mlarquis of Westminster, the Bishop of St. .Asapb, and many clergymen Numbers of ladies vwere also present. The chairman expressed his regret at the absence of the Bishop of London, caused by severe illness, and briefly adverted to the necessity which existed for supplying additional church accommodation in various districts of the metropolis. The report gave an account of the proceedings of the committee of the London Diocesan Church Building Society during the year ending May last, from which it appears that the society has expended in grants 2,1501., in loans l,000G.-in all 3,150l.-towards four new churches, four temporary churches, the enlargement of one existing church, and providing two parsonagehouses. The church accommodation thus. provided amounts to 5,420 sittings, of which 2,414 ate free, and the sum of money by which those grants and loans have been met amounts to about 10,0001. the report entered at length into the spiritual condition and requirements of the more destitute portions of the metropolis, and stated that if the society were to embark in undertakings in any degree commensurate with the needs of the dioces b it must havea mnuch larger fund at its disposal. One of the committee had calculated that a milion of money would be requisite. Government had undertaken to propose in Parliament a vote of 10,0001. from the land revenues of the Crown for the purpose. The Bishop of St. Asaph, in moving the aloption of the report, said that the spiritual wants of the great mass of the people were not properly cared for, and expressed a hope that the time was at hand when a better spirit would prevail in forwarding the great object in view. Earl Powis, in seconding the adoption of the report, advised abstinence from the pleasures of the world and a recurrence to the piety of our ancestors. Lord Robert Grosvenor moved a resolution, " That, owing to the supineness of former times and to the unparalleled increase of population in and around London, there remain, notwithstanding the successful efforts of the last 20 years, parishes and districts of from 12,000 to 30,000 souls under the nominal charge of one incumbent, the great proportion of whom are being left to grow up in worse than heathen ignorance, and that in a city which is confessedly the wealthiest in the world, and which sends forth her missionaries to preach the Gospel in the furthest parts of the earth." The noble Lord said he adopted the statements in the report as to the spiritual destitution which existed in the metropolis, and contended that such a state of tlings ought not to be allowed to exist. He quotedsueeches from Lord Palmerston and Lord J. Russell illustrative of the want of better church accommodation for the mass of the people, and urged all those who had the power of remedying the evil to do so. The resolution was seconded in an earnest speech by the Rev. T. Rowsell, who, while advocating the necessity of greater exertions, bore testimony to the imuroved condition and behaviour of the people in the east end of the metropolis, in consequence of the additional church accommodation which had been provided there. This resolution was also agreed to, and one moved by Archdeacon Sinclair, seconded by the Rev. W. Champneys, urging every class of Christians to come forward and assist in supplying a remedy for the evil complained of. A resolution was then agreed to, expressive of regret at the ilness of the Bishop of London, and thanldng the Archbishop of Canterbnry for presiding at the meeting in his absence. Above 2001. was subscribed in the room. SALE OF AIR. C. J. MAnt'S ESTABLISHMNT.- The whole of the extensive establishment of M1r. C. J. Mare, of Blackwal, is to be sold by auction next month. Someof the particulars in connexion with this extraordinary sale are worthy of being recorded. The works, which occupy a site of nearly 15 acres, are situated at Blackwall, on the oppositebanks of Bow-creek, at its junctionwith theThames.The resources of the establishment for the purposes of shipbuilding, conversion of iron, and general engineering works are unequalled in the world, upwards of 36,000 tons of shipbing aving been built and launched in the years 10and 1854 from the yards, while from the forge and ironworks upwards of 17,000 tons of iron have been hammered and rolled within the same period, and from the foundries upwards of 3,000 tons of castings delivered. In the shipbun ding department vessels have b2en btuilt for the English, Turkish, Russian, Spanish, and Sardinian Governments, the Peninsular and Oriental, the General Screw, and the General Steam Navigation Companies, the Dover Mail Packet Company, the South-Western Railway Company, and others, unequalled, in size, unsurpassed in speed, and without a failure m any one case. Among others may be named the renowned Rimalaya, of 3,500 tons burden; the Pera, the Prince, the Candia, the Hydaspes,- the Argo, the Croesus, the Golden Fleece, the Indiana, the Jason, the Victor Emmanuel, the Genoa, the Transit, the Perseverance, with many others; also yachts for the Emperor of Russia and the Viceroy of Egypt. The works executed at the forge have been equal in magnitude, including crank shafts upwards of 20 tons in weight, and forgings of the largest description for the principal engineers in London, the total weight of hammered iron produced in one year exceeding ,000 tons. The engineering departments have executed a considerable portion of the Britannia Tabular Bridge, upwards of 1,000 tons of wrought iron bridges for the East India Railways, the wrought iron bridges for the North London Railway, the beautiful iron roof for the terminus of the Blackwvall Rlailway, and the portion of the iron work at present completed for the new bridge at Westminster; while in the boilermakers' department marine boilers equal to 4,000-horse power can be produced annnally. The construction of the workis, the whole of which has been effected within the Iast 14 years, has involved an outlay approaching 250,000L-G?obc. MB. BRIGnT.-We understaud that Afr. Bright is now residing at Ardacby, near Glenquoich, the property of the Right Ron. Edward ElHice- InrerA= &otrrier,
IPHI.rARMEOYIC coKyc'2RTy. The sisth and last concert of the present season, wwhich took place yesterday evening, was honoured by the presence of E[er Majesty the Queen. As is alwaye the case on the occason of the Royal visit, the Hanover-square Rooms were densely crowded; and, notwithstanding every possible contrivance by means of which extra benches and chairs could be ingeniously introduced, the lobbies' and antichamber were filled with persons unable to obtain places inside, and yet unwilling on any account to be absent. Her Majesty arrived with her accustomed punctuality, and was accompanied by Prince Albert, the Princess Royal, the Prince of Prussia, the Prince Oscar of Sweden, anda numeroussuite. The national anthem was immediately struck up by band and chorus, at a signal from Professor Bennett, aud the i audience, upstanding, welcomed the illustrious party with I cheers. The programme of the concert was as follows:- "Paradise and the Peri. a cantata, for solo voices. chorag and orchestra, by Dr. RIobert Schumanm. The POetry from Moore's Lalla IoOh,' translated and adapted to the music by William I Bartholomew. First time of performance in England. Principal vocal performers,-Mdame Jenny Goldscbmidt Lind, aMrs. Lockey, Madame Wei*, Mr. Beunon, Mr. 3Montem Smith, and Mr. Lawler. Conductor, ProfeeSor Sterndale Bennett." If anything could have enhanced this attraction of the Queen's annual "command" at the Philharmonic Concerts it was the announcement that Madame Jenny Lind Goldschmidt was to sing; and under the circumstances it was almost a pity, the interests of the society taken into consideration, that the two events should have come off on the same evening. Moreover, we are quite sure that the subscribers, who must be regarded as of more importance than merely casual visitors, would have preferred hearing Mladame Goldschmidt in anything rather than in DrSchumann's Paradise and the Pert-which, besides its other peculiarities, is essentially 'utvocal from first to last and offers no opportunities for the advantageous exhibition of the singer's art. If there were many last night (which is not very likely) who enjoyed the first opportunity of listening to the greatest of modem singers, we will be bound to say that they quitted the Hanover-square Rooms grievously disappointed. The generallyexpressedopinion of "hatteeud' was,that one of the six concerts had been utterly thrown away upon worthless music, to the exclusion of some of those imperishable works for the perpetual reproduction of which, in conjunction with novelties of well-approved excallence, the philarmonic Society was instituted. We were never among those who advocate a monopoly on behalf of a few established names. On the contrary-when Weber, Spohr, and Mendelssohn were brought to vary and enrich the programmes upon which Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Cherubimo, &c., had conferred such lustre, it was all the better for art. But before these admirable composers were introduced at the Philharmonic the merits of their compositions had been attested by good judges; and as work followed work from their pens new demostrations of excellence only went to confirm the favourable verdict unanimotslypronounced upon what had already been heard. How different is the case of Schumann I Whatever has been presented from the studio of this composer has met with a fiasco; and the decision implied in the hostile opinions of subscribers was ratified by the arguments of all who think sanely on music, and are conscienciously opposed to the innovations of a certain clamorous knotof pretenders. The latter, aware of their inability to compete honourably with genuine musicians, have instituted a sort of crasade against all that has.hitherto been accepted as pure, sincere, self-sacrificing in the art. It is with pain (for reasons unenecessaryto specify) that we allude to Mr. Robert Schumann as one of these. He began nobly, as a critic and general writer upon music-advocating the best principles, and Planting his colours on the open ground of truth. He was then an enthusiastic apostle of the really great mastersBut, unhappily, he began to compose himnself-a mission or which nature had never pointed him out. Quick to detecttheweakness of others, he failedto acknowledgehis own, and, from smallthingsto large (from badto worse), as blind impulse suggested and ambition drove him on, he became transformed by degrees from one of the friends to one of the enemies of art. For a long time Schumann stood at the head of a phalanx of apostates, who were only arrestedfor a time by the short but brilliant career of Mendelssohn from exercising a pernicious influence throughout the length and brcadth] of Germany-that country which justly arrogated to itself the title of the "Land of Music." A still more daring and uncompromising innovator appearing, however, in the] person of Richard Wagner, Schumann from the generalissimo soon subsided into one of the subsidiary officers of the new " school." His vanity was hurt; his egotism received a deadly blow. He beheld a man of greater ingenuity, of greater eloquence, and far less timorous and modest than himself, and though backward to admit this new prophet at the beginning, he was compelled to do so at the end. The result is patent to the world. Schumann went mad, and Wagner reigned alone. Those who are behind the curtain mnst be well aware why we have refrained from condemning the various compositions of Schumann that have recently been produced before English audiences. But there is a limit to forbearance; and while the less obtrusive efforts of a man so mistaken may be gracefully submitted to for a season-especially when it is known that their interpreter is his icife-such a prolix and interminable infliction as was endured last night, when there was no such palliating in- I fluence, no such delicate reservation, must not be allowed to pass without reprehension. It might otherwise be repeated; and we should then have to go through another ordeal, qulite as dangerous as the Wagner experiment, which nearly upset the Philharmonic Society. The character and design of Paradise and the P?eri are sufficiently explained in the programme quoted above. We have only to add that as a musical composition it is destitute of invention and wanting in intelligible form; that its melodic ideas are as vague and commonplace as its treatment, both for voices and instrnuments, s umseholar. like. In short, anything so hopelessly dreary, so wholly made up of shreds and patches, so ill defined, and so generally uninteresting, we have rarely heard. The principal solo voice parts are written as much in contempt of the resources and capabilities of voice as the most uncouth performances of Signor Verdi himself, while none even of Verdi's faculty of tune is present to help them out. Madame Goldschmidt laboured, like a true heroine, to give life and meaning to the character of the Peri; but her glorious voice and her glorious singing were almost all in vain. We need not allude to the other ladiesand gentlemensince, if Madame Goldschmidb could not make the principal part effective, it was hardly to be supposed that any of her companions, however zealous, could be more successfuL The orchestra and chorus worked their hardest; Professor Bennett never conducted with more energy and talent; and it was evident that nothing had been left untried to do justice to Paradise and Use Pcr,4 and to make it pass for fine music with subscribers and the public. Bat all would not do. A sense of weariness was early raised and as the work progressed became more and more painful; till, at the conclusion, there seemed to be an undivided feehng of a great failure, and of an evening I having been spent which, for dulness, was unprecedented in the annals of the Philharmonic. A less " dainty dish" was assuredly never " set before the Queen." H r Majesty magnanimously remained until the termination of the cantata; and the distingaished party were again cheered when they took their departure. It was, nevertheless, a very slow " climax" to a season which, thanks to Professor Bennett, has, in a great measure, redeemed the failings and absurdities of its immediate predece-sor.
DAIXES'S PATBNT. TO Tf EDITOR OF TIE TIfES. Sir,-Your Parliamentary reporter did me the honour to notice the nresentation of my petition by Mr. W. Ewart, AP., but fie did me the grievour injury at the same time to state that I prayed to cover the whole of the Newl Palace at Westminster, in addition to the portion I have already covered, "free of cost." What I offered was a license, free of cost, to usemypatent for national purposes especially approved by Parliament. To do the former would make mne appear a national Quixote with overflowing coffers, while, by the latter, which would cost me nothing, I could ma'e the splendid palatial work of Sir Charles Barry imperishable from the action of either atmospherical or vegetable influences. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your most obedient serv nt. JOHN BENJAa11N DAMES. 5, Little Argyll-street, Regent-street, June 23.
AN AsER icA- COwLLImbT.-Ia the Senate, on the 9th inst., Mr. Foster, of Connecticut, offered a resolution, directing the Committee on Commerce to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the issue of a register to the Bsitish built bark Resolute, which was abandoned by the crew and found dereEct in the Arctic Ocean by the American whaleship George Henry, ard by her brouht into the port of New London, where she is now lying, all claim to the said vessel by the British Government having been relinquished to the sailors. Mr. Mlason proposed that the vessel be purchased by Government, refitted, and sent back to the Brtish Government as a present: Mr. Foster expressed gratification at this suggestion, and in order that it might be carried out he withdrew his resolution. Ta MuDERS AT IELTON MOWVBRAY.-TIIe supnposed murderer William Brown has been arrested. It ao,pears that after attending the Methodist chapel at *Wetherby, on Sunday evening, he went to a publichouse in that town. The account of the murders had just before been read from a newspaper with a description of Brown. From that description suspicion was excited that the man who had just come in was the accused person. The landlord at once secured him, telegraphed to Leicester, and on the following morning the chief constable and two policemen arrived and identified the prisoner. Yesterday evening the prisoner ws removed from Leeds to Leicester in safe custody. The adjourned inquest was held at the Wheatsheaf at 5 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and was again adjourned until 4 o'clock on Friday afternoon.
KENSINGTON-GORE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI S. Sir,-" E. A. Bowring" is not satisfied with your stictures on the " Royal Commissioners' Report" (of which, as secretary, I presume, he is the author), and he states that there is not a word to bear out the assertion that the comznissioners, in alluding to the report of the Parliamentary Committee of 1853, spoke of the majority of 10 to 1 as having reference to theKensington-gore site. Now, this may be true as a matter of fact, but does it clear the writer of that report from your charge of " disingenuousness 1" If there be an absence of words in favour of your infe. rence, why arewe told of the majority of 10 to I against the existing site at Chasing-cross? These numbers are paraded in the report with a viewto show the remarkable unanimity of the committee when considering that subject, and yet, not one word is said about the pet project of the commissioners (Kensington-gore) having only been adopted by the bare majority of six to five. But this zealous secretary, while admitting the trnth of this latter fact, is not disposed to allow you the benefit of it; for he first refers to a motion of Lord Elcho's against Kensington-gore having been rejected by a majority of seven to four, then to one of lr. Monckton Mines in favour of that site having been carried by a majority of 6 to 3, and afterwards (by applying the exhaustive process on hir. Stirling, one of the minority) he coolly arrives at the conclusion that there were only two members of the committee against Kensington-gore. This mode of dealing-with figures, coupledwith the parade of the majority of 10 to 1, ought in fairness to be compared -with another fact, viz., that the comnmittee in question consisted of 17 members, of whom 6 only voted in favour of the scheme on which we are about to commence so lavish an expenditure. But, Sir, I have another complaint to make against the commissioners' report. It states, at page 9, that the subjectof these purchases (Kensington-gore) was brought under the notice of the House of Commons on the 6th of December, 1852, by the Chancellor of the lxchequer (BLr. Disraeli), and, after a lengthened discussion, the motion for the grant wasagreed to unanimously. Now, Sir, if my memory serves me correctly, several members spok-e against the grant, and on an assurance being given that no further expense should o bincurd until the whole subject should have been brought before the House, no division was then taken on it. Indeed, on no occasion when this subject has been before the House can it be said to have passed unanimously. Agreeing as I do with you, that there is " disingenuousness" in the report in question, and thanking youfor having called attention to it, I am, Sir, your obedient servant, M.P. June z7.
A REMEDY FOB THE HIGH PBICE OF MEAT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE T=S. Sir,-I learn from the best authority that the present high price of meat is occasioned, not from a want of supply, but from a combination and monopoly of the jobbers, or agents, to whom the farmers sell it. lThe butchers tell me, "The public will have it; that they are obliged to give what is demanded, or lose their customers." Now for the remedy. When sugar was lately raised to an exorbitant price, we all agreed to consume half the quantity, or go without. Let us, as far as possible, do the same by meat-living on fish, soup, eggs, vegetables (now, thank God, so abundant), rice, in all its pleasant forms, gooseberry and currant pies and puddings, bread, cheese, &c.-for a week or two, and the thing is accomplished. YonurR. sr NEMO.
THE ISLANfD OF BUATAM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have read your paper of the 18th inst., page 9, respecting the Central American question, Bay Isands, &c. It may be that the enclosed copy of an official letter in my possession, from Lord l?almerston, dated in the year 1839, to the naval authorities in the West Indies, will give you or the public that information which at present they do not appear to possess, respecting the Iland of Ruatan, in the Bay of Honduras The EdinburgA Ga=2Vcer, of 1822, VoL 5, gires a very fair description of this island. Yours. .RN I June 21. - fforelgn-ollice. Jan. iz, 18t6. Sir,-I am directed by Viscount Palmerston to acquaint you that Her Majesty's Government have been informed that an attempt has been made by the Commandint of Traxillo to exercise a right of sovereignty over British subjects in the island of Rattan, and that his Lordship has instrmcted aler Majesty's Consul at San Salvador to represent this mat-ter to the Central American Governmen, ano to request that the commandant in q,uestion may be ordered to desist from any measures vinch may lead to collision between Great Britain and Central America. "I am to request that yon wllcomnsunicate these cirumstances to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. and request their Lordships to give orders to the officers in commnand of er Majesty's naval forces in the West Indies to protect British subjects residing in Rattan from aggreassion, and to haul down any foreign flag wvhich may be hoisted nnon that island. -- -.- - 1 I am, &c., " W. F. STRAYGWAYS. unarnes W OO(, -bSq., Me., Admiralty."
THE SLIGHTED CARDINALS. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Wr. Bowyer, the cross-bearer of one cardinal at home, appears to-day in your colums the champion of six cardinals abroad. May it not be fact that it was physicallyimpossible to admit the six cardinals to a dinner table, even of Royal and Imperial dimensions? Inthe Cawcmoniaic Bomnanu1m there is a rabric for regulating cardinal's dinners. These words occur "CardinaLibus singulis sufficiunt quaterni mninistri, quoram unus vinum propinet, alter carnes concidat, alter de cultello fercula inferat, quartus prcgstet vinumet aquan, &c. l!low, as cardinals zequire so many servants (six of them would require 24 servants), may it not be that there was no room? M ir. Bowyer may consult his superior. Iam, Sir, your obedient servant. J. C.
APPEALS TO THE HOUSE Or LORDS.-FrOM a return commnunicated by the Lords and yesterday printed, it appears that the number of appeals and writs of errors, set down for hearing in the session of 185i-55, was 29; the numa- er of an pals and writs heard, 43; and the nuiber of days on whic t~he .House sat judicially, 83. The highest number of appeals heard in any one session since 1845 has been 41, and the lowest 21. The House sat 78 days in8I4, 80 in 1852-53, 48 in 1852, 39 in 1851, and 41 in 1850. In 184 it snt 79 da s. Of Xte ex-ChanceUlors and other dignitaries of the law t iat have sat on appel, it is shown that, last session Lord Cranworly attended on 82 days, Lord Brough1m and Vaux on 58, lord Campbell on 7 only, and Lord St. Leonard's on 48. In l854 lora.Bronghaln Attendled on almost as many days as the Lord Chancellor himself, and E;nce 1846 he appears to have been invariably the most assiduous. Lord Lynihu.rst has not attended since 1852-3, and the noble lordathen only attended five days. InI1850, 1851, and 1852, he did not- attend at all; an da hieratest attendance,in 1846 only amounted to 34 days. To th return is prefxed a list of appeals and writs of error heara since 1846, with the result.
COUr of -AAfERUPTCY, Bas(fg?cagtrcc4 jbiw X Rn BBE STR-AANT PAm. A*X -- (Before Mr. Cornmrnion&r Evim- This ws a meeting for the proof of debts d dec1seh tion of dividend. DIr. I~kwRASC,z for the assignees sgai 1[eSMr.B and Bilings bad advanocd 250L to Mr. Edwuad StanWAY oDn a bill of exchange for ZOO?,-adrawnmbY the GandeLsiz pox the bankrapts. They were desirous toprove for the%M, and to undertake to forego ll further dividends beyond the payment in fall of the 250L, witl interest. Proof admitted aocordingy. The declaration of dividend was deferred. but it i s. posed that one will shortly be made of about 1i.iD the pound upon the joint estate, in addition to the Is. 9d. already paid, and one of about the same amount upon the separate estates, in addition to the Is. 3d. already paid.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS COSUT, Tum 23. TV R1n RAnNtWI nApRtV - A- - m}iforc a7; CBIF COMMoNMO This insolvent, who had been manager of the Worthing Branch Bank, was opposed on the part of the Ionrdon anj County Joint-Stock ranlr The complaint was that the insolvent had contracted a Iargedetwith the bank by a breach of trust. Formerly captain in the East India Company's servi ee and severely w ounded. HisEslafpay and pension were abot l90l., and, 'with the exception of 201.,he had assigned the satme to the Promoter.offtce, He had been seven years is the service of the London andCountyBak. He commenced at 601., and was discharged 1en he hadl90. and a. house, as manager of the branch atWorthing. On thelithn of August last the company sent the insolvent his discb9e as they resolved to discorLtinue a dsilybank at Worthing, and granted hinthree months salary. At that time he ha} overdrawn his banking account 164Z. On the 27th of August he drew out 1201., and on the next day 134M , which went to pay his creditors at Worthing. The directors comaplained of the last two sumns, which, with the other, madetheir debt 3921. An action was broughtin September, anct subsequently the insolvent expressed his contrition for the offence and threw bimself on the mercy of the board. Hei had expected a more lucrative situxation istead of a dismissaL His means had been crippled by the money he ha& to pay onthe policies on which he hadraised money, and alsoby the serious illness of his wife. He now seemed to feel his painfulPosition, and on his behalf it was hoped that the Court woulmd put the judgment under a less severe section. than the provision prayed in aid of the opposition. The CHEF Co nssiossE:said the insolvent had overdrawn his account 228I. After his notice of dismissal, and allowing him 50L for his three months' salary, 1781. He had thoughtproer topay his creditors at the expense of the, bank. lis toaour gave a judgment of 10 months from the vesting order, at the stut of the bar-, for contracting a debt. without reasonable epectations of payment. R BE ALEXANDER GLEN SO In the case of xr. Finlaison, the Governmcnt actuary, who was discharged at Dover County Court, an applicatiom was made on the part of a creditor named Chaffers to make available a portion of his income for his creditors. It appeared that lr. Finlaison's income was about 7651. a-year, andhehad a family of eight children. It was subnitted that the Court had no power to makethe order as asked; and, further, if they had, then it wa& not a case to grant any portion of the income. The CHIEF Cosn ssiol.ER was of opinion that the Court. had power over the income. He thought the creditors wore, entitled to something, and he should say about 701. a-year, which would pay au annual dividend of about Sd, or Is. in four years. The matter stood over to adopt the suggestion of the learned Comnminoner.
POLMcE. MAINSiO-iiOUsE-Ellen Dodson, Eliza Atldnson, Char lotte Brown, and Eleanor Posselman were brought upcharged vwith disorderly conduct in the M,inories. From the statements of the officers in charge and several o:- the inhabitants of the locality it appeared that for some time past the condnet of girls of the class towhich the prisoners belong had been a public nuisance, owing to the annoyance which they occasioned to passers. by by their importunities, and the bad language whEich they were in the habit of using near the doors Ean windows of the shops. Several applcations had been madeto the Police Commissioner on the subject, and by his advice the prisoners had been apprehended, w -th the view oa clearing the uinories of all such characters by magist interference. The girl Possehman was a natie of Holland,. and one of a very large number of foreignrostitutesrecently imported into London. They ha chosen the' Minories for their favourite walk, and, by common consent. between them and the English girls, one took possession of one side of the street and the others of the other, and theynever passed the bounds allotted to them. Sir P. L&URiE said. it was very difficult to decide what todo in such a case, for, although it was necessry as far av possible to protect public momas and the feelings of the inhabitants from outrage, it would be quite useless to impri. son the girls, as, if he did so, their places would to-morrow be occupied by others. FThe police and the inhabitants present urged that some~ Ipunishment ought to be inflicted to deter others, bult Sir~ Peter held to his viewv of the case and dismissed the girls, Edward Crofts Hyland, charged with defrauding Messes. Masterman of 525k., bymeans of a forged check purporting to be drawn by Mr. R. IL Evans, hop merchant, Borough,. was brought up for final examination. Peter Stafford, clerk to Messrs. Masterman, deposedthaton the 29th of March last he paid the check at the counterin 10 5O0.-notes, numbered from 51,241 to 51,250, and 251 in gold. The signature was a very good imitation, and hehad nohesitation in paying the check, but did not know towhom he paid it. Michael Haydon, detective, added to his former evidencethat the prisoner, on their way to the station, said that hisreason for denying his name when first apprehended warthat he took witness for a county court officer, as there wereexecurtions out against him. The depositions of the variouR w;itnesses having been read~ over and signed, the prisoner, wzho reserved his defence, w ascommnitted for triaL. GumDnIa)LL.-George Harris surrendered to a warrantissued against him for using a room at No. 4, Sherbornelane, for the purpose of betting. The City Solicitor stated the nature of the charge. The defendant pleaded " guilty," but stated, inmitigationa. of punishment,that as soon ashe found it was illegal tokee? such a place, he had shut it up, and it had been closed sinoe the 10th of June. He had let the place, and, not residing there, he had not received either of the summonses which had been sent to the shop till it was too late to attend, but. he saw by the newspapers that his attendance was required, and he came to answer the coM laint. Sir IL W. CxRDEN asked what smus vwere betted at this. place. What was the smallest sum ? The defendant said the rule was that the bet should be 'a sovereign, but under some circumstances a half-sovereiga was taken, but never less. Sir ROBERT remarked that this was a fact much in hie; favour, if true. He asked what the policeman who had the information betted. Inspector Hamilton repled the sums he had paid were half-sovereigns. He was afraid the same trade was being: carried on by the new occupant, though he had no direct; evidence of the fact. The same sort of people were to be' seen going into the shop. The defendant declared it was not now a betting-place. - Sir ROBERT observed that he could understand that persons would go in to bet as usual, but find the busmess wasclosed. The defendant urged that he hadlost an agency through these proceedings, andwas now without employment, whle he had a family dependent upon him, and he was becoming: paralyzed on one side. Sir x CARDEa said he believedthe examples which had been made and the prosecutions that were still pending would snffice to put ttese nuisances down. He should taoke into account the mitigating circumstancesthedefendanthad ed, and fine him only 101 The defendant paidt hefine. Much credit is due to Inspector Hamilton, who has carried out the instructions given to him relative to these. betting houses, for the able manner in which he has got up the evidence, the circumstances under which the offences were committed in every case rendering it a difficult duty to perform. WEsTiaNSTERX-May Dogherty, an elderly woman ot respectable appearance, was placed at the bar before Mr. AL;OLD, charged with feloniously assaultingand wounding her husband witha razor. Edwardj Dogherty, of 30, Gardner's-lane, Westminster, who described himself as a house-painter, appeared witih the middle of his face entirelv concealed by a surgical bandane. He stated that he went out -with his wife marketing on Saturday night, after which, as they were returning home, she insisted upon going into a publichouse. Ho unwillingly complied, and after they had been there a few minutes she became so quarrelsome that he left her, and went home. She followed him, and, havingtorn his clothes off his back, he left her in order to escape further violence, and entered into conversation writh the landlady of the house. While he was so enm-edhis wife suddenly emerged from the parlour, and cut him right across the face with a, razor. He was immediately taken to a doctor's in Yorkstreet, but tne wound was so severe that he found it im. possible to stop the bleeding; and he was forthwith plaOed in acab and driven to the Westminster Hospital At the time she inflicted the wound she exclaimed, " There, yon. -, take that I" A felow lodger confirmed the complainant's statexnent4 and the landlady proved that the moment before the complainant was wounded she saw the prisoner advance and suddenly raise her hand to him. Pollee-constable William Biddle, 155 B, stated that he conveyed the injured man tothe hospital, where the surgeon wSas upwards of a.n hour dressing his wound. Witness then. took the accused into custody, when she said that somebody else must have done it. The prisoner denied the charge. She was remanded. TsrAsaEs.-A well-known ruffian, who gave the name of George Brown, but whose real name is known to be Frederick Ruffle, was brought up on remand before Mr.. SELrE, char&ed with committing a violent assault onr Catherine Chnmerton, William Chinerton, her husband, and Edward Sheridan; a police-constable, No. 326E. Mr. SELxE committed the prisoner for trial for asulting Sheridan and breaking his arm, and the young woman Chinerton, who had been so brutally ill-used by the pri soner, could indict him at the same time for the asu4lt upon her.
CORRUPT PBACCES PREVENrION BENL.-This bill continues the act 17th and 18th of Victoria, chap.102, anfl the 10th day of Amgust, 1857, and to the end of tbV then next session of Plar Ient. . LIGHT DuES.-The total amount received for light duties in 1855 was 313,9261.; viz., 2E4203?. for over. sa abips, and 62s6321. for costing vee
SALES BY AUCTION. To Plumbers and othesStock in Trad.-Bnrxton-road. MR. MURRELL will SELL by AUCTION, oii the _TwPremises, Fountain House, Wilow-place, Brxon-road Tomorron 5th. at12,b order ofthe Exec^uters of the late Mfr. Finney, the TvC inTRA)Eecompisig aquatit ofwhite lead, dry c-olours, yarnish oils, paperhanging,, gla, ladders, mahogany pedestal dleski, the ultensis in trade, and the genera contents of a plumber and p)alntess shop; May be viewed the msoring of sale. Catalogues had ot T. 1. Keigbley, 13sq., '73, Essiaghal-street; on the premises; and oS 3fr. btnrrel, auctioneer.!, Wal'brook.' Valuable Froehold Plot of Building Ground, Vbltechapel-,-By Order of the Mortgagees. lIVrR. MIURRELL will SELL by AUCTION, at iSU Garrawass, on Thursday. July 10. at ,2. by Order of the Meet12agoes thevalunablePFROEHof OLDGRO GROUND eligiblysituaNe i,n LI. nbe&h-street, Great Alie-street, Goodmans-fields, baynge a irontage of li feet, xvitha depth of fbont 47 feet *palticizarlyadapted for building either a school, cothges churchachapel, or manueisotsy. May be viewed. Particulers had of Messrs. Wilks and isevcn, solicUtor4, 2. litholaa-lane, Lombard-street; at Garraway's; aDd of 3r. MfusxelL. aetioneer. ace. Walbrool:, city. ValuablereeholdHGroundtentoununting to e-pwards o o f0th per eviz n Trust of securedupon 75 large houseso qR. MURRELL isU SiwELLwith instrIctions to G_ a soTSE yAUCTlON at &arrawa t4, on Thursday, July 10, m 12 lots, hlgbly important and valuable FREEHOLI? GROUNDr EENT1, well secured and offering the safest investments for truse andhother moneys. where the certaintyrot tncome is indispAnsable. The gross amount exceeds £4l 0 per annum, and is secured upon 5 good houses ae Kensington, w the rack rents of whlch are roet £3.C0 ger annum. The ground rentin ea-s lot varies from ;£11 to ;ES0, afording both to the esmall and large capitalists an oPppotunity of pnrchaaing. ParticuLaus may be had of ofesrs, WVilkinson and Stevens, sohcmtor4 2, lFicholas-lane, lombard-street; at Garraway'sMr. Mfurrel, auctioneer, 1, WdCbroo}. city. Several Freeholdflousea-F5nshury and Cripplegate.-1y order of the Devizees in Trustlof thelate r.T ubenDw iae condPortion. TtijR MURRELL will SELL by AUCTION, at 1gJ Gsrrawsas on Trhursday. July 10, at l2M the following J REE- yin,o. two houses, GNos. an 9, TyPe-street, three houses edos 85, S6, and 87. Milton-street; the Broad &rrow Publichouse. 3Elton-street, let upon lease at £i60 per annum, for which a premium of several hundred pounds VaS paid; the whole oE Crovwn-com-t anxd i-ttle Crown-court forming alage square Gi propeerty, the ground being of considerable extent. Thne houses are ruostly let to yearly and weelkly tenants, produlcing in the wvhale £630 per annum. the estate will be a pportioned in suitable iots,and is condidentlyrerommended as worthy the attenltion of capitalists. The property may be diewed, Partinslars, vrith plans, had of S. Hleath, REq., solicitor, Church-court, Clement's lane; at Garraw;ays; and of MYr. Mfurrell, auctioneer, ::, Walbrcik, city. PentRnv2lle-hil-Two Dwelling-houses and Shorn MB ESSRS, 1. BROW1N and T. A. ROBERTS wil Sg ELLr by AUCTIO1N, at the lMart, On Msndsy. June 3D. at 12, by order of the MWortgagee. TWO DWELLING-HOUSES nrsdSHOl'o 19 and 20, Pleasant-row, Pentonvisle-hili, let to-Ir,Fry and Mar. Jeifreys, at £120 per annumn, and held for a.bout 25 years une-pired at £6S per annum. PrlntedPsrticulars may be had of Edward Jennings, Esg. solIcitor, 12, New Ioaell-court; and of MSeasre, H Brov;n andT. A, Poberts 22, Throgmorton-street. Stok;e Nevwiugton.-Twro Freehold Dwelling-houses, writh Gardens. M wESSRS. H. BPROWN and T. A. RO13ERTS will 1 SELL byAUCTION, at theMart. onMonday, June 30,atlI, in two lots, by order of the Trustees of Mr. Genree Seaton Pick, decased, TWO RIIEEHIOI)D DELING-HiOUSES, beIng Xo04 13 and 14, Cowper-road. Stokre lNewingten. Each house contains seven rooms and wrade-house, and good gardeu in the rear, of the estumated annual value of £527 oath house. Possesion will be given May be viewed, and Isinted platirulars had of Worthington Evans Rsq, solicitor. 1.2, Coleman-street; and of Mfessrs H. Brown and T. A, Roberts, 22, Throgmnorton-strtet, city, balues 01o . ,eCeOIeasenolcmS Kceversqons. ralicjes, tc. NiR. H. S NEXT SALE will take place ltL atGarraway's, oi Tuesday, July22. Paaties desirous of melud mn proeety in the aov e may be frnished vith particulars of bis reduced aud dfed cbarge3at isoffices, 9, Ama-l-street, Pentonille. l.ot 1. The Blue Iast, Compton-etreet. COlrkenweDll Ground Lea-e Lot 2. The Woodman Tavern, Westow-hiDL id'arood. t. ALRED WILSON respectfualy notifies that I teser PROPERTIES will be offeredby AUCTION, as duly adverticd,at Garrway's, THIS DAY (Tuesday), June 24, at l2. Plans and particuflars ready.-Offlces, 20eKines-road, Bedford-row. Plate, Jewellery, Watches, Gs by Manton, lett, and others, &c.- On view. adSNw MESRSDEBENH~ SeORR and SONie SEL ttheir Roomis, XingSstreet, Covent-garden. THIS DAZ thec24thiust., isSAPPHRE and DI&iiIONI B1ItAOEliE, a set of diamond and emserald studs, brillianlt rings, pins, andbrooches, English and Genev& astches ol, cloks slvr ard Sheffield plate, a service ol cutlery witth silver bauuiles, andollier valuable items. °~~~~~~~~~n 3di* cellanieu s.}Ugll ESSRS. ]E iEN , STORRP, and SO1N will S!r 1 ,, at t^heir 1-s, Kog-etreet, Covt-garden, To-morrow,Jrno I5.at 11 CLOTS, Doeskins, Attire, also tbe form ture nd fittigs of a ladties' school, removed. frome Xoiing-bill, con. sistngfo£ three Dianofortes by Broadwood and.Sons and rismea. aI _air of globes, -hiey sbed dressing glases, loo, duiing, and. other tables, setsof -;airs, forms, beds andbeding 10 Eeh nd othtr b,edsteads, linen. china, Ifitoben utensils. andeffocts 'on view. Pueo staryyneesc ror suae, wthout rs.re ,nsder a xower ot gae. -By MIr. A. FL.ETCHER, at the Dlolphin Hotel, Sonthamp,t6n, sal-. bect to or.ditions of le on Thacdaey,3i at e o'lock fr. the A R e ysioes -nterest in a xlWoet OE ; a5,900 Three parcuZlr.andcon''tonsmt e *btjnedEol Pltie3t at the offces of Merrsr. FEttterson and BrasTby, i0rWtors, SoutIampton; messrs. Clarke an?. Morris, arilicItors, 29, Co2l-nan-street, London!d 'ngaCoi selieltors, 37,'ng . W iliam-atreet, n- lWo.-AU,'ark-road, Itegents-park3-;nne iernitere Paintings, En- gis6s, wahtianforte, -wines,. UIBOO)n rwill SUDL,ecn -.the E?remsse! 22, Park- W -'.road, opposite giaoetle. onTFsray, JnneeO, at 2 o'clock, the nearly nmow ertir FtTe FUR IRE, rosewood and;mhbogauy suites, Brussels carpets,.lasse,s beds, beieeads.-wnbedding, dc. On vicw Thursday and-morning ot sile. Catalogues bad st Booth's house 6ge-uy and-nutiton offices, -27,'crtiand-terace, and 3', Abbey'.rotd, St. Jo's-wo The villa to be let at 17d Per annum, and the fornmture may be purehased privatelybe!ore thoelith inst. Ancient and moder.- oks, Novels, a QOUPHATTE andiRBRP 3j wilPSELL by.kttTC- )^' )TION. atheir Rosmn.., 22leet-streeTomorrow (Wednedy) and folowingdoy, at 32, a COI-EOIOK of BOOKS, inciagonany standard -worss by emineit-aahors,sll as a f selectionfiom a -%anIl-tmoown we zt-end establshment (all recenty Pu7bshedl, viargo acsortment of neodem ily and-c2assics, scienEfic ard ntl works, voyger tavels histoeF and beFpby, schltetere ineer-. tog, anld mining, nomeneosill rated->books'.and pisiorisj Prublilretions, he. May b_ rcwed, and catalognes had 11, Soley-teae, AmweUllstrnt, Pe ntortvi le.-S Ilots of eweDery dPlate IR. MEUTJALL will SELL by AJCTION.ou-tbe JTLPreeniess, To-morrowr, June 2Si, at l, FDRmTUHE comprising ircn ard jTapneed bedsteads, beds and bding, hetsof drawers, washstands, dressn and chin eyglaeses,mnaho6an couhes, chairs, book:cases, ioo assd'ret of dinfing tables. .XL'tnres and Kiuts, Brusels carpem and rugs, 'rhina, iass, anod k-itchcnreqnieites. On *s.iew day pses rd;ng and mooing of sale. Catalo_gieg on thes premise,, '.nd at rho -Sf. John's- vood eslato c£lice, 23, :F&tlsnd. tenrae, St. Neiv-road.-Fae Absolute-Sae, by order of the 3 o e,-xligitzs BusinessB-acsiEes, in a good situation, let to a rzssectable teuae_ R. F. G. EBfNHAM Will SELL by AlC- W ON T1 . at-ihe Mart, on Tuesday, JOY S, at 12. a sibstantial bri-k;.uiitlO-roomnOd.EOUSE, whie Shop, 92, Crawfordestfeeth Byansonsquare, in :the occupation of MIr. fennabies, porklbrtcher, a yezrly tenant, (w;herndertakesto keep the premises in repa:r. and paythe x:sual rates^nud ts.res,)t tho-ed.ueed .reubal of £G3 pe: annum ; held uX on lease for c;erm of 96 years froml Mirhaclnsas, HIP, at a gronad rent of £:21 psr annm.-1iir eartSc on-thes premises; ac the Mart . of Clmrles Patrick, Vi'q., solicitor, 89, Chazncery-lane --ol iler Hil and Son, eoliciiors. IPrtland cl:amubers, 76, Great Titchk)-1-strect sad at Mrr. Deben 3u*nctionaiestato ofie-s srO, Chesaps . Pall-rnlL-AnIcient and Moiem Pictnrey. iESISRF2. XOSTE1Rand SO,> will SELL bv AUCIVITIONat-~the Galle3y. 54, aml.T-or,~ue-, CQ O ot 1-CTURiZ of StPhe J-t-ta3aiL .I)atch, r=kenh ad Englishscboo144 ucl;ingexaniy4esof thefrllowingma sk-azid their :o;bein. D. Teaiwa TAere-sse C WilMon Spagnoletti Snyders SirP . ely le Roy Canaletti Wnant. SirG.Kneller PoweUl 'Ven der-leulin Sachleren SirJ.Thornlll RL,e Ca3mpo Oanwater Mans Eas-ow. A few engraving, &. Mtiay be iewed two ds= pxior, and catalogue= had atidesrs. Veeter7s otce,54. a-ma Lease of Coacblmakees Premise3 and Stcck in Trade. u G &. JEMMMETT is instructed b- the prop tor .1k .to SELL by AUCTION, on Teesday, July 1, on tT e PreInise. S, Cambsid~o-pIsee, H&c~ineyeoad. 'the LEASE, nv a very ]ow rert of the etgtby,dtuto BSlllh5S PEMISS. eth.-tto Stock, in Tzrale. eunprising ~drilng, cab, and park Shactons, dog czxt% &c.. ai rge ?a!iety of perambulatore. an bw lotr. of ifnmiture The '1remises msony be iewed at any time, nndbe o tockene day prev.ous to the sale an?rpnrtien]oin and catalogues badin duo coorseot JohnVmeent, Eaj., Bollior, 4, }oo Temple.1snw Trmslo;- on etie premiBec: and of thje. anctineer, casrtac brsar, Elnogetese. Portmn-sos Dover.-Fortte Benefit of Unde-riters.-To Linendrapeg, Hmoiers, Halsnlashers, Cliothiers. and others.-Important and extessivo Sale of valu.ble Linens, Woolensi, Drapery, Hosies, Habecdashery, Wearing Alparel, e,c 'A R. THG3O AS ROB SOX respetfilily a'nu7unces T r1 that he hE ,eceived isnictione from Cat. Nott, RN.. special agent to Llord's, toBELLbby AUCTLO.onWednesdayadThurdy, June25 and 20 althe Unired Club HtouselHotel. Dover, at 12 precIsely, avery laige uattity of DRIAPERY, hosiery, haberdashery linens, woollens. anruAntlemesuh wvearing apparel, and other articles; pu't of the cargo rerorered from the wreck of the Josephine 'Willis, consisting ofblankets, sheets, 70 monkey jackets, 19 new frock coats, 4Spairs cloth trousers, 79 pairs cord and tweed ditto, large cluantity of co'ton stockings, and 18 doz. Pains of socks, Ere doz. of lashes' under garments, night gowns. 4 quantity of superior baby linen, children's pelisea. several gross of ailkE. thread and Berlin gloves, night caps. 2i doz. bl-'k lace, 160 do7, sil7 braid, 40 doz, silk fringe, 20 doz ribbon velvet, £0 do7. eilk buttons, finer pieca3 of lace, worsted, card braid tape, thine, children's Berlin shoes. gaiters aud mits, 200 oiskin capo, 100 soeth-westers, travelling esae, PiLUow cases, poc'et hlandkerchiefs gent.'s coalia, jerseys, scarfs, 40doz. Ehirts, a,'quantityof books-with a numerous xrscellany of a rarietyof usefuliand valiable articles, Goods on view the4sy precedinz the sale, from 10 in the morning nti 4 o'clockin the afternoon. catalogueg may be had of the auctienser, at Is. each. (reternable to purcbasers) at 1S, Bench-street. ' Desirable h-edmernt.-Enpperstonee Nottinghamabire-ValuaVbe Freeholdand Tithle-free Estate at Epperstonre, in the enunty of NottingliaTa-Byiugr. WIL WRIGHT (of Thrum ton) at the Flyng Hore Hotel, in Nottingham, on Wednesdav, Ily 4, at 4 O'clock in theaiftsrnoo, subject to the conditions to oe then and there produced, t, lost ldesirable and valuable Freelbold Estate, s knoIwn as the Rooselie Vood Estato in tbe pariah oE Epperstunc, comprising an ancient wood. well planted with fine oaic and other timber, and a valuable grwth of umderwood, sundry ornamnental plautatioes, n considerable ouantity of hedgerow and ornarmentai timber, aida valuasble farm of arable, meadow. and pasture land adiolning. The estate extends in 'he wlhole to 179a. Ir. 24p., and consiesm of an excelent farm-home, v;ith aU needful agricultural bildings, in a convenient and central situation, substantially erected, and in 0mplete repair; 22a. 3r. 33p. of woodland, coppice, and planutition, and MSa. Cr. 23p. of araole, meadow, and p:sture laud. The setustion of the estate is peculiarly advantrageous. It oclpies the sonthernslope of an elerated district, in a healthv ard picturesque neighbourhood, surrounded by woodiand scenery of great beauty. and overloo-ing therich and finel ,wooded valleys of the ''rent and D3rer Meck. It adJoins the Oston :Estate, is within a convenient distance of tbe nariet towns oENotriughamaud Southwell. and about2 to 3 miles I from the Lowdham and Thurgarton Stations of the 'f idi.snd llRalw-y The pro erty is surrouanded by the egtates of llenry Sherbrotdke Henry 8ouldsworth, REchard Nfilw&rd, and Jobn Lichtield, Eaqrs.,and irrespective of ito value as an investment, it is unequalled as apreserve of game. Few estates so well deserve the attention of sportsrren, and certainly no property of equal area could yield a larger Eupply of game. In the event of the estate being sold, an arranmeroent cnn be moade for the psfrchaoer to have immediate control of the game. The estate vwith the esception of the woods and plantations, which are in hand) i.s in the oconpatSion of lifr, Benjamin (ireaves, as yearly tenant, at a *eiy lowv rentaL, A pla;n and porticlacws of the estate w;ith any further informlaton, mazy be had on applic3tion to ?ir. Ifenry larmntn, Sewaruk; Thomnas H{ind, Esq., Goverto4n, Soath;vell; WVilliam Sar,dav Eae.,E(olme Pierrepont. nea N.ottlughano; .lr. Jamnes Baily, North~ tedgs,MZanestid; Mfr. Thomas Hfnskiaaon. Bpprtonc, near iion'.h 'vell; Mr. Williitm Parsons, solicitor. Nottingham; or of the a:-- tioreer, Thrumprten, near Kegworth, NSotte, The o.,aluable, H Co d Ieo oji Es ato6 oftbe lato oWm 3 SS iS. vt F9Q.. ae Foxton, Camasn 71/:SSRS. -C'OCKETT vnd 7&ASH have beex favouredwith.u the Devise der hbdWill t SELL .1by AUICRION, n Fridar, Junre 27. at the Red iJon Hotl getty Chry, Cambride, atl o'c c; --Lot 1. The subotautisl 1RiaE HOLTD FAMIY RESI ENCE, known asFoxton-hoUse 08 now ia :the OCC=atiOl of the Rev. Profewor Selwyn, vith its recateon buildinm greenhowse, LendcOlment yp edgronds I eexcol lent ma.tEng of fles, with yards and tenementS, as beld by 5emm. ,Taylor, containing 3Sa. I-r. 18p. Lot 2, Tenements witb Ia. Sr. Lot 3. The Flo.bold Allotment of high=' prlo'eiv -arble land, ith extensive frontage next the Cambridgc tn pike road .&ud aimstewed by the railroa0, 17&a. Lolt4 Allotment of Arabia Land in Shcpreth, 2r. 6. Lot 5. Alotmnent planted with thrivi Itinbeze la. Lo t We Lbotws amoue and bornestalL now tho residence of Mr. Vlliam Sparlk with itb garden; ran spadme, Ifa.2 r. Lot 7. oerod'hFrnd,aexten oromthndvrl. stUto the F(ntenire-road, with tenement convenientfarm homt staLl, and an allotment of nrch arable land. 15vs. 0r. 37D. 1 8,9g and 9. Tenementswith=z&rdene hot1L The property cofod ia the lease granted bythe and aapter of Xlv expiring 1 & hJnne, 1867. e-r, the Rectorial Tithe Rentchateofthe)ars commntei t 45318 10s. per annum, and 2S acres of arblo and pasture land. Te estates ar in the hand3 of hibly onsiblo tenor a and tbe yhole Pr.do. an annual rants] of Y},3p2. It k cni4vbetween the capital corn-rarkets of RoSuto snd Cambridge,in aguoo sporting nedghbourhood_ It has extensive frontage next lie high rd to London, and i within five minute' walk of tbev ral 3y statin, Thee6 asSd its proximity to the nniiverrjty, offer unusual a.isantoEgl ei-her 4e a xreidential or business investment, I'articulax", lvlthplo08 of tbo - rroyb hd, n nd ftemteayh fbJne,attheLinn and'atrte9ho J ,a h in uarHotels, C;mlxidpr. the GoildhaU };otel, hondon; of Xems_a Thurnall and Yvhr,s olictors, Eoyaton; and of Mower, Cockett and lNasb. etstae agents and surveyors, atlRo;ston a s~tehn EerkshireF reeoldhlasClos of richM dowLanuCo.ta. the pae-shesof Bray, Waltham. Shottesbrook. and Binl-Por Rant to a Decree of the High Court of Chanuerg maie Y n a aua- r f H1; followi ng Very desir3ble Freehold Estates for- n7immons oersa RosupatIn ithae in ratho oe eerag hribe at nthe Cnty of tierk, vi.:-Lot A Fred Farm, cald Wht House Farm, Containing S3a. Iz. 27p., at of rhich Ia eas£el wheabe and bean land, and the remalndego mdn r lat wia d re:lin-, - house, and good and aonpact out-huitoingsandotherconveniende, JitLate in the parishes of tWhiteeWalth mandShetesraok. aboetdre miles from Wnadsor and aour fro n denhad and bo:zde4. for a coniiderable distanee by the high road. Also a brick _ad tiled Tenement, and a Cotage, with garden, let to wbr. Joi play ant Joseph Green, 5S yearly tenant at annual rents of £11 lOs and .. Ihe lOt wi the exception of Ihec tages, as in hand, and pOT'eCaiJn raibe given on the completion of tbe linrcliae. lot2. A Freehold Farm, calledBuck Foma, condisting of agenteel residenrce, ith CDnvrnientoeices, a wc3ied-in garden aftced,r f nd a d ell-built coatozude onIshome3tead2, with linrlnding t~hosiSe of the luidngs) 7a. Or. 27 of goedl3and. situate in tbo parishes of WhiteTCa!tbam anShost,e39crook, close to the high road leading fromt higl.ehead to Wokinchaad from each of which marset-.owmit iO disoataabot iive mnies. This lot is 'a and~, and poaron caa b3 given on completon of the 2 uchasl lont 3. A vaia3ble Frehold Farm, cagenrWestly Nl'i and Oon containing 112e Or. 2ip, of good oma land, Ruith a dwellin-houte, Ouo.i bn}3ildings, and oilier convenience'b sitOatein the darish of O.inh2peo Pcrks, about seven ma from the mnarket tons of Mideuh-o anI Wokiagbam. 21a. Ir. S2p. (vart of this lot) are let to Mr. bheorte at a rent of 16 ICta a-year. mnder a a.-reement for a lease. Scr a t-rm to e3pire at Michaelnas, 1857; the rest of the nled is inh2nd, anui cIn be given UP On completiOn Orf the purchave Lot 4£ A CIhce oF r,-aYa Iard nearlotl , 4n the Dar ah of Wht a .-a weU adapted for bUilding purpoe 37D. 0( this is Copyho'd, tte zomnainder is freehold. PoissessioncanbIebo'd o:acompletion of thepurchase. L.o' . A Freehold Close of good Arab` e L=a,% near lot 3. called Crown Cloe in the parish of Binfeld, mneasuring TLs lr. 7p'., adiolin~g the rod eading from Wesly.nM tD i-ltkneloel PorS3son may be had on Completion of The pncshase Lot6. Two newly erece± Freehold brick and tiledGittages, near lot 3. caUed West'y Cxtacces with large gardens attached, situate in the parish of Binfield, in the several ow apationsof James Hatch ard ecury Holloway.atthe reat of £4 Is. each per annum, Tile tenants are nuder noticeto quit atMichalmar next. Lot7. TwonewViy-buntPrechold ottX;cs.it--ar3enr,callI Grarces Cottages, together with 2& Or. 30p. ot frehoialand. SlstAe near lot 2,butinthoparhof BinDeld,Berk. Tbhelanisin iazd. and will be giver. up on completion of the purcle. The cottages are let to Thomas White and l;enamin Croeford, yearly tenns, under notice to quit at Micbaelma next, at the rent of A4 4a. each per annum, Lot a A Piece of very rich Freebold Pastu.e ld, kuown as the Old t'ricket Ground, idtuate ncar the Tillage et Bray Perks, containing 7a. or. 3p., kt on lease, whichexpiresnent Mfchlc mas. to Mr. Robrt Beedes.&at a rental of £54 15. Per annmn. zintedpsticalara and CondItiOns Of sale mvy be obtained 21 d%ya prior to the sae, in London, of r. 3fr. Jf. Child, solicitor, Okld Jewrrchambers; of Mr. B. fiL Girau4d mollcitr, 7, F nFia *t e(It9 8. W. Johnson, rolicitor, Gray's-in; ad of hr. James Crordy, mlcite-s 17. Sedesant-inn.Fleeet-ure; and in She 02ntrr, of Mr. R'oserc Aiihur Ward. solcitor. adenheac; or Mr. C. eneDrZFOn, slictor, Peding; M r. G7. F. Brown solicitor, Absd 5.aZench~ ana of the auctioceent, 35ese Weeks and 8imon;0s$ Wokighamo Bette HonueholdFurniture, Boare-room and-OflceitUngs, small Stock of Stationery, Six Casos of Cimp Furniture, and MiZcellanie& ijESSRS. PRICE and CLARK Aill SELL by AUG. TIOx. at hteir blrns. Quality-court.2hnoe; -lane, on F gdsy. June 2?. at 12 for 1 punetusl. an ASSE.lB G; ot moden FRNIITURE. omprieiuciahogauy wqinged wArdrobe, cbeEtq of drawers, oarpoetaud other bteisteads Sad beddirOy iomanm diningtablea, -pedertaIfideboerd, la:ge slsmeq-B3asse1ssarpete, cbeffonies, mand za utssIt appendages for t'he drawing, and dminig DOm. The supeir. office fittrngs czmps nr alrnsn boaaf-roamntables, zntho,any 4es, and partitioning, mantel clocks, met of clhairs in morocco, some law books, snd various items, ih1y be viewsed one da ieceding tbe sate. md catalogues haa. Aeomnfl-Los~WEhot u,± XOngto. - - ____ INSSRS. PRIOE and OCLAR will SELL bj M , a o ay. July 1. at 1 for . mual LEAillfOLDDWS~.LI q Husls, situate and baing ND. 7,George-stret anl 1 to S. lindy ~ ~Cotta, 1otherfieldstreet. Islineton; let, at lentils anotmfinJ to £101 ptrannum, aend heldn~1poa lease for a Ionl; term, at a growudrent or £35 per asnnum The property masy ba vie wed ar, spplica-.:nn, and par' ciar h aL of Gao. flndezr,g.. soiiettr. I raiv;inn: at rawa"s; ana of MSea. Pzite and Clerk. 48, .nr,woers-la',e. An ueleganmResdemce, eliinile for inestmneut or ocupeoton, sita:em i the ReFent's-parL 1MESSRS. PRICE and CLARK have receivedin. structions to SELIL by AUCTION at Garraway on Tae.lay, July l, at 12 for 1, the very desirable RZIlDElCre being No 21 lteeent's-villas, en the vwest ride of the Upper Avenue-road, writh large w.afled garden, four-stall stable, a deooh-house, and of the estimate annual value o! £:170 per annum. Heldby leas for a long term at a moderate groand rent. The residenre is in emoelent re,air. buthssb stantial and ornamnental, and immnediatSsession may behl.Ma beviewed, and particulars had o£ J. Wrynouth. b d., solicitov, '1, ClifforeVs-inn; and at Messrs. Price aDd Clark's offices, 48, llhnasor - lane. Eegentark.-Ftirt-ciaasl,esehaold investment, iprodocing a rental of £157 10ls. per annum. AINSSRS. PRICE and CLARK are directed to SELL by pAVJ ON, on Tueday. July 1. at 12 for 1, at Gar, way, the superior detached VTIhLA RIEIDENCE, dediotod Aven3ueHoumewithlargewlvledgarden, conservatori. greenhousae stablig and coach-honse. most nudeniably situate on the ees' side es Upper Avenue-road, Regent's-park. let on lease to a highly respectoble tenant, at £157 10s. per annum, and held for a long term, at the velr low groundrentol£l8peranoum. The attention of capitaLisdaseking good leaseboldinaestmenta is direted to this property, as it can be recommnended th the greateEt coddence. The residence may be vsewedlbypermisieotothetenant,and psrticulars, wvith conditionS, obtained of Messrs (farlonan HadSynee, solicitors. l'a15?ch3aberf, St. Jaames's-street; and at M{essrs Este and Clark', 48. Cha #srlane. iongLenaeholds, Chelsea and Fulhamo. UXESSRS. PRICE and CLARK 'will SELL by iVJ..AITClhION, at Garraway's. on Tueslsy, July,. at 12 forl, a capital brick-built DWEILlUG-MOUSE. situate No. 6 Sydnestreet, Chelseas, leb at cerenat of £65 Der annmn,.andhSeld fcr alonga term at a ground rent of £E6 per annumx. Also s pair of semi-detxacd Esienoes, know as Hermita ge Villa, Etebmornd-road ealnegfrou Earl's Court to .Northend, Fihans, 30o. on hand, hut eI the es:imated annual valoe of £100; held for a long terSo, atamoderate groundrent. MaY be viewed, and parliculars had, of B. Huchei'. Ese., solicitor, 15. Efosd-sreet, Covent-gardena attheplace ofsale and at Messrs. Prioe and Clark's offloee. Yi. Chanoesylene. Bark-vilae east-A desirable Semi-detached Redidenoe,-By Order: of the Trostee under a Deed ot Settlemuent IUESSRS. PRICE and CLARK will SELLI bg £Ta AUC'ION, it Garraw s,on Toesdsy aJuly at12foe!, vesYcoxfertableR3IESU)NCE ena amaliecale, knowna aeVendomo Cottarek Par}-village east, Rieren'Ps-park, close to Gloeste3r-t, contenoing dravint, dTrasg, and braast room. convenient b chambers, and good dotestic offices. It is now in the occpation of a, highly respectable tenant aS areNCE, or £60 per annum, ad isheledfor a lengtermof years at a grondrent of £10 per annums. The reldeote nsay.heviewed byPermissionof the tenant and partinutrcshadof a. Edwvards, PsqI., solcitor. 39, Lothhsry;- the Victoria Tavern, hfoning ton-road; and atSthe ofices of Slesrs. Brice and Claru, 48, Cisancer lanea East Greenwicb.-Eighly vauable anil important Freehold Dstaes. part eligible ior a nunufactouy onx a large scale, and past foraiLug a that-rate Inreetnient, and tho remainderr worthy of the notie ot builders. spcuatrs, and capitalits 1IIrESSRS. HEIPHREYS and WALLEN respect- tL 3fully announce thatche above valuabe ESTATES were NOT BOLD at the recent auction, audihattbey maybe Treatea for, either entirely orin s-paLrate portions. byPrirate (ootrat.-8. Old Broad-t. Near Brecon.-Theb ith -attractive anudalvable Ectatee of Ty-aurn and Ilanusk, comprising the Mansion and Grounds, and the compact Fhrm and I,Lnus, comprising altogether about 40D ncrva; lz therLidst of cheerful sonety. and maguifioent scenery. with ecil trout and salmon 1hhi g on the etate, and railway accobamodatim within a few mikle NEJESSRS. EUMPHREYS and WALLEN have 17t received instructons to SELTL by AUCTION, at the 3Mart, on Tuesday. July 1, at 12, in three lote, the MANSIONq ad AId JRTE NA1'CES, icluding the home pastures aud plantations cnntaining 95a.; the capitalfarm compridng221s., with separate houe and homestead; and the mountain w ooand pasture lands, coutaining 1fs., gith unlimited additional rights of pasturage. The house is a handsome stone edi£ice, on a comfortable and oommodions (yet moderate) scale, and is suitable for the family of a gentleman of standing in the county; it is seated on a tasteful lawn, surrounded by the Dasture intespersed with -lantatioa The gardens, out-offices, &c, wx oct a suitable scate, tue buildiugs being very subltantial and conrvenien The farm condst of corn and turnip land of excellent staplo anDa cunality aLnd heabeenforbuany JCars touidlcidslsaliberaliF ianDea by the proprietor as to o havebecome celebrated in the district for its productiveness, and may be instantly let if purchased for invetntm . The frna-nonse and homestead are adequate, andthe former being on the banl of the hiverUskhas additional attractions as a fishtig box. The estate is Ter compact, and the situation is lmost attractive, the scener upon tbe estte and in the neighbourhood Desenting every variety oJ grandcur and of sylvan besuty. The parsh church (recently rebuilt) is elose at hand. The raulway is within 17 miles. and preliminary meetings have been held for extnding it to Brocon, The estate may be viewved on application at the mansion, and particulars mey novvbe had Of w. ii Clilton, iBo . solicitor, Bemfordi: Meessrs Firfoot, Webb. and . D'eth. ttolidit3re. Clemuent's-inn. Lou. don; of ie3ssrs ]Rickards and Walker. st31icdttrs. 29, lincolnsin-m iielda. L¢ondon: of Mfessrs D. Thomas and Banks, soilcitors, Bre40n7 and of Mesas. nL mpbreys and Wallen, OS, Old Broadsteet. iy. lier;shire.-The lid,sharn Estte, wiith Hall Courtl a most compat Freehold Etrate of 1,306 acres, including the Mansion and Park. reveral Farms, Dnmeraus iouses and Cottages. with the anor,. situabe on the uncertordaLine of the Great Western allway,ahmot. contiguous to the WoolhamDton Statioo, and 11 from Reading. M ESSRS. HUMPHREYS and WALLEN have. Aireceived instractions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, July 29, in one lot, the above important DOMNIh-i which forms one of the mowt complete and inviting estates for vesidence and investment in the county, lying as it doeS entirel vithin a ring fence, the mRusion and park nearly in the centre, tbeformeracomnodiouns residence, adapted for a nobleman's or gentleman's establishment, and the latter beautifully undulating aad variedby statly timber and richr plntations, and by a sheet of water. there being approaches ink fourdihecions by good roads leading through the farmna sd woods avDertaining o the property; the asoect of the mansion r:aigenr alinclination of the estate be'n- towaraithe ssuth. and comrinands fne views across the valley ot the Kennettto the hiUs and wood0of Wasing and lighClere,with th311ampshire andVWl1tshire Downs in the distance; the farws comprisiag some of the richest lamc in thewtonty, and beinglet, atilowrents toa uuperior clanof tenantry the honas and cottages partaking, in their degree, of the last characteritic, and there Deing the further attractions of excellent trout isbihgsmd first-rate shooting on theesta-e, and of .nsurp.sed bunting arrangements in the oeighbourhood. The wvhale of the above ls fretuold.exeept 13l acres held of the Dean and Chapt.er of Westminuter, andthromanorandrectorialtitsillwbeInclufledinthepurchase. The Voods, about 110 acres, are in hand. One half of the purchase-money ,yremain on mortge if desired. Particulars and plans may bo dnain duie time of Mcsls. Tatham, UJpton, Upton, and Johnson. uoliectors, Austinfriars; and of Mensa Humphreys and Wailen, CB, Old lBroad-street, city. No. 5,:Csateestrect, Holbom-brs.-Superior Fmrniture. MESSRS. HARDY wilfl SELL by AUCTION. on .K TueTday, July 1, byorder of the Eecters, the superior FR1IIIE consisting of capitaiwalnut, rosewrood, and maho,,any frr-. cniture, mearble-top and othect wasbatnda, 63-piano!orte, fina paintsegs. engravings, books, wino, linen, china, a 'Catalogues to behlaJ on the premuises, aud of the auctioneers, 32, Casti-steet, Hulborn, ]t,fR.WATERlBlRTOY5iqwIS13LL byAlJCTIXN', .aiLat his rcorms,3,Broadwfay,Lnd gatabill. on Thursay, 26th of Juno at 1 o'cloclr uncetually, the STOCKS of Mrs. Irem, of Rug6by. stsercaler andineuSraper, comPriin 1.000 pair of wromXensand chdtdren's Frenchand20aglislastape, and various othier items. On viiew, Wednesday, froi till4, hen catalogues maybe hadat tberoomr, or by post on ap~dJiation. Fira..ete Freehold Investment Dorsetchlre. ]ESSRS. BROOKS and BEAL have received in- - stuctionsto subnit for SAIEby AUCTION, in oneer - lot4, -ab Sarraway's On T2hzrsday, July 10, at 12, unless an oeptabTi 6o er : bein the meantme made b3 prvte trety, a tithe-efmmuted FRER. 'HOLD) ESTATI4consisting of three ver desirble fargis. ~rOi mil, ad ottgesndgardens, containin In a ring feic 5sA*4 hoos, poes,sitatein he eveal arihesOf South Perro-ti, Chabd,--
