DEATHS. On the 22d ulit,, at Oporti. after long suffierfngs John page Noble, son of the late John Hatt Noble, aged 37. On he1s int. a 3 RihmndVilas Sve Sstes'rod,Hornsey, Catherine relict of Joh Alexander Andrew. late Surgeon ithe Hon. Eas Inia osnan's ervce,MadasEstblihmet,aged CS. On te 3 int..at outhmptn. hares . D. Uellyer, of 7, Arunel-errce. sligto. elesteonof te lte hares Helly~er. Rsq., Paysaster and Purse3r, t.321esEnfbel5cii1i.f,o On Sunday. the 6th ist... suddenly, while on a Visit at Forncett St. Pee'sRctr,the Rter. Philip Alpe. 'MA.. cecond son of the late Col. Hr nsond Alpe, of Pardingham, in the county of forfolk, aged.53. On the Sth inst.,'at the rectory house, Whepstead Bury St. Edmunds, the Rev. Thomas Ymage. MLA.., rector of Whaerstead and Stanningfield, of theformerparishhe-asreetor for5Syears. On the Sth test., at Claphaan, Maria, relict of the late Mr. Sampson lollman, of .Newgato-street, and youngest daughter of the slat Rev. B lward El, rector of HambIedon, Surrey. and Arfold, Sussex, in the 74th year of her age. On the 9th inst, at hli residence. Frenchay, near m istol, General John Grecnstreetk H.hThC.S., in the 75th year of his age. On the gth inst., at 4. Chandos-atreet, Cavendish-square, the Eecond Son of Dr. Po6,ocaf aged 4 years and 4 months. On the 9thi iust., at her residence, 'Winckley.square, Preston, Susanna, second daughter of the late Henry Fielding, Esq.. aged 62. On the 9th inst., in her 23d year, BLrY Se, to hird eurvi-ing daughter of rho Rev. JH. A. Bishop, rcdar of Cley-next-the-Sea. Niorfolk. On the 9th inst.. at No. , Albson-road, Holioway, George 'Willam, only child of Mr. John Owen, chymist, 1. Pleasant-cow, Higlhbury, aged nine months. On the 9th ingt., at BeIgrave-terrace. St. Johso's-wood, Mrs. Elizthi. May, aged 66, after many.years of severe pain and suffering. On the 10th inst.. at 16, Sutton-place, Lower Clapten, J. B. Duncan, REsq., barrister-at-law, M NIA., aced 40. On the 10th ihot., Mfr. George Comfort, aged 52, of 92, Fetter-lane, H1olborn.
CTAL PENIN~SULAR RAMLWAY of PORe TTR-Th.1e Direction of this Companyf hereby give notioceto thu Sharholdlers, who, in conformity with Article17 of the Compeanys Statutek. have votes in the General Assembly, that in consequence of the nonx-attendanceorfthe legalnumberof' Shrehiolders at the meeting of the General AesembLy cled for the 15th in3t., they wre again oonvoked, according to Art 15, for a SECOND bIERING. to be holden ri the 14th of April next, at 1 o'clock p.m.. at the Company's OMcee Benlta A3ooullna. lisbon. B5y order of the Board. * (Slgacedl. The Secretary B. MEARTINS da SILVA. 7J!IH]S COMI%IERCIAL RAILWAY of RUSSIA JLRIGA. and DUNADTJ'RG. Plrovisonally leitered 7th and 8tA 'Vict, cap. US. Established by Speia Decree of "r Imperial Majesty the ~ipeiror f Ruisal,Dated yly18th,l1813;grantin a guarantee of a6 minImurm interest of 4 per cent.'on the sum of 19,C00D,00 silver zoubles of cital wuLich is equal to a gurne i prcn,o the sum rte,nIcdfor the constructioncf ofteRailway, with other valuable privileges. An additional I per cent. is also guaranteed onx the above mmtont form a ginling fud to redleem the shares at par within 56 years. ThLis Railway, with its Extension, is the only Hone in Ru"'. to which these p.rivileges ha,e been stcured. Length of line aboutI140 miles. Capital (authorized by the Imnperss.l Government) 12,0t0.0OO silver roufls, bot £,tO,Cst. n 2,tle haesof £1G0 each, bearing a guarnted mnimm iteret o 4 er ent, to be issued at ASS. Depsit£1pershre.3.0 hars eseve fo sabaeholders in Itusia. The iviend wiibepayblehal-yerly inLonidon. St. P'etersburg, SssdRig. Asumbaabee alowe bytheImperial Government for t4s pamen ofintret drin costrctin:from ths sumn 5 per cent. intres wiibopad o al calsfro dae o pyment til the opening of DIRECTOR4 in LONDON (WNith power to additis their number.) Philip P. Blyth E..Chairmaan, 53. Wimpole-street Joh Flmin. Rq.,of he irmof obisonand Fleming, 21, Aaatin. ChatesHil. Rq..oftheFir ofJams Hlland Sons, 31, GreatlWinHenr Robnso, Fa., , Chndo-stret,Cavendisla-square, and Sit. The hairan o theRigaExchnge ommiteeis a Diretctr ex Engineer-Johss Hawkshaw. Req. Ranker-s-SirSamuel Scott,Bart.. andGo., I. Cavendlsh-squaze. Secretary pro temn.-Jobn-W. Warro TPyndale, Esq. Rlrokers -3rssrs. Rt. and J. Sutton. 22, Royal Exchtange. The privileges gr-anted by the Imperial Russiant Government include, sraoug others-- 1. Power to found a Company with shares negotiable abroad as well sa in Russin. it Asolue cntro by he ompay oer the construction andl management of the Railheraway, fve . 4. A. pivae lads equred ay e tkenat tho low tariff at whirlh 5. ll ateial. sch n sone grvel sad,clay, &c., may be taken 5. All rails, Ioo-motives, and whatever required for the railway, may be imported, duty free, from any country. The concessionx of this line, with tue above and othier privIleges, was granteLd to the Commaittee of the Riga. Exchange, and ia now offered to thin Consoany on advantageous termas. This Company has been formed for tho purpoge of undertaking the construction of the railway, and its subsequent management. All the expenses attending the obtaining of the concession and ma king accurate surveys and estimates have been already Incurred by the Rtiga Exchange Comnmittee:; thin Company is therefore established nue peuirly fa(vourable eircumstancea, an the risk incidental to railwamy companies generally is in this came avoided, namnely, the necessify of incurring considerable expense before 'ecuring a, concession, This railw~ay, running from the principal Baltic post of Itusasa in the directionz of its finland traific. and uniting the town by railway with the three capinals, St. Petersburg, MNoscow, and Warew, and theamaci European lines, offers the well-fournded prospect of a conimderable return in excess of itaguaranteed minimum rate. By estimates based on the Present traffic of the town and port of Riga, a return of 15 perecent. may beoexpected shortlyatter the completion of the lire. Gooda directed to Rigs avoid the difficulty and dangerous navigation of tha Gullf of Finlasut This adv,antage, joitned to its proximity to the great Producing districts, and its longer open season, baa caused a steady increase in its trsade till the commerce of the port of Riga now rivals that of St. Pletersburg. Byr means of this line, goods which are brought from the interior by thle snoweunds during the winter wil be forwarded for spring shipmnent whem freights and insuranees are low, instead of. an at present, b)eing of ten delayed till the autumn by the dilficulties of transport. This line must ultimately become the main commercial trunk line for the north and west of Russia ; and the shareholders have every aocurity that (Zovernment, having guaranteed the suceess of this line, wil noat sanction any competing lines. Shareholders wilt after the Si-st call, be allowed to anticipate future payments~ on condition of giving notice of their desire to do so prevriously to any cull, being announced. On suth anticipated payments 5 per cent interest will be allowed. Should_ thae treaty of veace with Russia, which baanbeen signed, not lIe ratified. or should the Directors consider it umadvisable to conclude the arrangement for this concession, fr.om any cause, either political or other, at p resent unforeseen, theade bowil r eund eutn expenses, which can in this case_bee trifing in aMOUnt. All applications for shares must be addressed to Mfesses Robinson and Fleming. 21. Austinfriarss: or to the BroRers of the Company, Messrs. it. ard J. Sutton. 12, Royzal Exchange. A deposit of £1t per share must accompany each application for allotmnent, which must he in tIre annexed form. No applications will be received after Monxday, the 14th imst., at o'clocre. Form of Application for Shares. To the Directors of the ltign-Dunaburg Railway Company. Geottemen.-I request that you wilt allot me - share. in the ahovo.named Company, and I hereby agree to accept such shares, or any less number that may be allote to me, and to pay the calls at thie appointed times, and to execute the Deed of Settlement when reqiuired to do so. This application is accompanied by a deposit of _-, being £1l per share on the number of s-hares applied for by me. I am, Gentlemen, 'Your obedient servant, Date ..i................. Profession or occupation......... Rtesidenice in full............. Place of business lit any)........ T[TALIAIN JUNCTION RAILWAYS, unitinag the I.whole system of French, German, and Swissz Railways with the Rtailways of Piedmont and Italy. by- the valley of the Rbone.-Conce~ssion in Perpetulty.-Sociuit, Anonyme. with idmited Liability.- Capi(n1a25.tfO,000 frsazc tL-StOO.tt0), divided into 100.000 shares of 15 france (£10 each), " to bearer." Two-thirds for Switzerland and France, cca-thirdreservedforEngland. Deposit 100franra 1£eI)pershare. DIRECTORS. 2d. Drrsuilla-d. Adininistrateur do Chemin de Fer de Lyon -I la Medi- terrsnie N. Biacque Relatr. Administrateur du Chemin de Per de Plaris et S-rasbourg Nt. Mouerntault, Adminis-trateur du Chemninde FerdeParis et Orleans 1ZL Albert Lacroix, Administrateur du Chemin de Fer de Paris il Orleans. do Grand Central et des3Messageries Imperiales. C-ompte A. do L. Valette. Propriulcaire de, Forges N. Aclilile Idorisseau. Adnilnistrateur da In Cempaguale du Sod M. Clai-az. Ancien Prisident do Conseil d'Etat do Valais N. Zea P.uffiner,. Ancien P. 6sident do Conseil d'Etat do Valais X. Janus Pazy, Pr,:-odent du Couseil d'Etat do Genlve 'Willia Austin. Esiq. Director of the Sambre and Mleuse Railway, aad of the Milford Railway Charles GiLpin, REq.. Director of the South-Eastern Railway Chastes Smith Mortimer, Rat,, Director ot the londona and SouthWe,tern Railway Henry Tootal, Esq., Deputy Chairman of the Shropehire Union Raiil- -way and Canal Coampany. AE M In Pacti--M3t. Blacque, Certain, Drouilard, and Co., 21, rue de Gram- moot In London-Messrs.3fasterman. Peters, and Co., 35. Nichoclas-lane. B1roker%-Mbessrs. Sheppard sod Sons, M3 Threadneedle-street, London, The Feench system of railways, so ably planned and executed, baa8 now Xeo 3 completed from Calais and BouLlogne to Paris, from Paris to Strasbur;, and from Paris by Lyous and Avignon to M1arseilles. The-sagreat lines of railway have yielded very Serg preSito to the shareholders;, and have given a decided impulse to the construction of railw3ay in adjoining countries. iNowhere is this renslt more remarkably saown than in the case of Switzerland, where the peculiar formation of the country in the interior offers great obstacles to engineers, -while the course of thegreat rivers of the Rhine andthe Rhlone seems t-o afford remarkeable faoilities for placing Switzerland in immediate relation with Prance. Germany, and Italy, by mneans of railway communization. Inlurlential parties connected with the Paris and Lyons and Paris andI Streabueg Railway Companies have actively promoted the Lyons and Geneva the Central of Switzerland. and the Western of Switzerland Railways. Thiese three great linesa will soon be finished, and will confer getadvantages uponi Switzerland, at the same time that they wil swllthea traffic upon the French railways, (In the other hand, the great trunkc line of Piedmont, from Arona on tho La3o 3la;giore to Genoa. on the Mediterranean, is finished and in full oper3tion. The results of its workiag exceed the mostsanguie expec.tations; and the desire daily increases to connect the Frnch system of reiwayswith the Piedmontese and Italian system. especially as the Present moment, whien the whole network of the Loabrdbore Venetian lines has been granted to a powerful company of French, Italian. and English capitaisats. The Swims lixes connected with F~rance all converge upon the lakel of Geneva, and the whole Italian systemn both from Venice and Trieste, will be connected by way of MUl= and Novara with the Piedmuntese Railway. ThLe Italian Junction Railway, starting from the Lake of Geneva, and proceeding by the Valley of the Ithone and the Simoplon to Arena, -wil supply the intervening link-; and by the ahortest and most practicable rouLte w.ill unite the vast network of railways in France and Northern Europe witha thLe rich plains of Italy and the harbowri of the Mediterran-ean. The first section of this great international line of railway, from the lakeo of Geneera to Sion and Briegg, is 114. kilometres, or about 70 miles icr leugtb. A concessmion in perpetuity for- it. execution has been granted to this Company, and responsible contractors are Prepared to compilete the worko for a sum not exceeding 213.tCO p;er mile. The posiession of this line ensure the medt expeditious route betw,een France and Italy by the Simplon. which was selected by the genius of Napoleon for the construction of his military road, and which is ascertaine-d by enineering science tobe the onyps of the Alp in which a tunxnel can t7e conistructied, of Practicable dimensions, wihut inclined planes and fixed engine'. Thie execution of this tunnel alone, 41! kilometres (or lees than three miles) in length, and thie comp'letion of the line to Arona, will effect a -very oonsiderable saving of time between Paris and all plce on the Medliterranean beyond Genoa,_se well an between Paris,Pia, and the greater pare of Italy. The Italian Junction Railway Company has the right to complete the line to Arosa. with every assurance of support from the Governmeuts and the localities initerested, and with every facility for raising the cap'itol, either by way of shares or obligations, when thie result of thie preaent expenditure, and the progress of the railwaysin Switzerland and Itay ahIallijustify an augmencation of the capitol. In the mean time the traffic along the Vlalley of the Rhone wil be highly remunerative, especially for a railway constructed at a curt conldce-.bisl below the average of the French railways. Some idea may be formed of the extenit of the thxough traffic from the fact that, whereas un to 1824 the numboer of travellers by the SimpSon had never exceeded 12.000 per annum, the opening of the Piodmouotese Rtailway, in I855, frost i7ovara-to Arenia )56 kilometre distant from the Simplon). raised thfe number of travellers last year to Anotermpotan fat, sowig te rpidincrease in the trafic as raiway aproah te aliyoftheP,hne,isthe augmentation in the postng eceits f te Swss ovenmen. Tesereceipts3 did net cover ~~~~~~~~~the expessi 82;fi151te aacdteepnses; in 1824ther wasa prfit f 30.tOO: sa in Slethe profLt rose to The approAching comnpletion of the railways from Lyons to Geneva, froem Berne to Geneva, and from Dole and Salins to lauszanne an well asthetrreiv opening of the Centra,lItalian andlombardlnaZlines =g0eatly to increase tne trarse. The resources of the locality are also varied and extensive ;,the valley -of the Rhsone in cooe of the largeet and finest valleys in Switiexland. The temperature in mild anid regular. The fertility of the aoilt eaiconrage theculivate o a ariey o _rduts xtesive vineyardspoe Sweemeand. and the summita of the adjoining Alp are covered wit ;imeose forests, which will frnish timber for exportation. It0 fairs or marketA are held in the valley in the cozme of the year, and 50,000 head of cattle ame annually exported thence into Piedmont alone. The valley abourds in mines ot iron, silver-lead, copper and silver. ed contains an immense basin of anthracite coal, 6ukhoemetrec (37 mits) in length, little if at all inferior to the rich basins of the loire and of Bidginra. Companies have been formed at 31ar3t^^o and othe places, for working these mineral products. _oer If raun3 minor valleys diverge from the great Valley of the Rhone, such, aa d'E tremnont. do Il^neche. de Bagnes, d'Ervis, d'Annaveers and Viisge, and offer attraCtionsPto teurista even more remarkable than the Vr-lLy of ahlmo, wshilst aU the travellers to Chamouni pass along the vallyof the Rhone. The construction and working othe line being at once placed under the mazagement of diors conected with the leading railways in Prance, the best seeity in afforded for economy and profit. The Government has taken so great sn interet in the consir-ti- of tb ra3ilway. that iths consentedtofurnish al the land and e wood requL-od, taking payment for the same n the shares of tao ComMany. This Compan. having obtained a concession of the railway in perpetuity. no " amortissement," or sinking fund, will be required for the redemption of the capitaL The anranal dividend is estimated at oetween 9 and 10 per cent. During construction interest will be paid half-yearly, at the rate of 5 per cent perannum on the amount paid on the shares. Afterpay,nent of 100lf. (£04 per sbare. the certificates of shares to bearer wil bedelivered in exchange for the banker's receipts. Application for the proportion of shares reserved for England must be made to the brokers of the Company, Me ssrs. Sheppard and Sons,28, Tbreadneedle-street, Bondon, in the acrompanying form; but each -plicant wil berequired to Pay into the Cum a bankers, Messes. lAaaterman Peter, and Co.. W5.Nicholas-lane, London, 1 per share oe tten numberof shares applied for. in part payment of the depo'itof £4. inexchngefor wehicavoucherwiUlbe given. If an aotmentbe made the money loded with the bankers wiU be aplied towards the deposit of z4 per _hare payable on those allotte ; and should no su. sklotnentbe made the money -ilbe forthxwith returned to the appolcant free of charge. Formu of Application for Sharer. To the Directors of the Italian Junction Railways. GeaYenen.-lIaZ paid into the hands of Mesrs 3asterman Zeters, arid Co., the aiim _f £ - to your credit, I request yon *itdi so _bazes of 250 france (£15 sterling) each in the aboTe *Qbeo- arid apse to accept such shares or any leas number that l~e aMotsld toy me, and to pay the deposit and 7he calls thereon at w _s.oiutevtiines, and to abid^ bythe peov^i ionaotthestatutesof ~(Ya mspe . Name ............................... - -- Addre35 ............................. Beferenve ............................. Dteod ttsa-day of April, 1818. QAMNBRE and MEUSE RAILWAY, 61, MoorgeateHALF-YEARLY GENRALMEB Got theProprietorain this underakig illbehel a th ofics f te ompny No 0, Moorgateglum,on Fiday.the th dyof My net, a 12oclc peielyonk the M. CHUBS.Sertay BK th statteso the company it i eurdta oeal h ho! era ofunsharues "To Bearer" to tk x nteGnrtMeig rucicshstam must be deposlted with the ertr fteCmaya least 10 days befoie such Meeting. G- BELONG and MEIFLBOURNE RAILWAY XXCOMPANY. Incosporate by an Act of 'the Victoria regisla. ture, Febmuary 8,183. Capital £31 0000, to 17500shares of£20 each. Bearing a minimum interest ofil per oent, per annum, guaranteed by the Colonia Goverrmuent for 21 yeas's and pay-able half-yearly. viaz., on the .Ath April anid 20th October in the Colony anid in LoDndon. DIiiEDTRn. (Elected by the Sharehtoldro.) CHARLES NUTITALL THORNE, Esq.. J P President Charles lbboen EI., yl': W Gll rgm G . B~elcher E,sq. SJ bTePrr London Ofllre, 36, C0annon-street. M,anager, S. T. Cooke, Ran., (late Treasurr to the Colonal Government, and. a Dhirector ot the C-ompany). Agents-Messs. Lamnach and Walker, 37. Cannon-street. Bankers-London Joint-Stock Bank. and Bank of New South Wales. The Fif th Hal-Yearly Report of the Directors, mnade onx the ist of January last, and unanimnously adopted by -the shareholders in the. colony, has just been received by the Red J'ack-et, Great progress has been made with the werks, and all the arrange. meats atthe terminus fo>rthe supply ofwaterandfueL. Platforrsanaid ollices for the goodls and Passenger traffic, are initiated. Thefirt sipmntsof ocooties nd arragestock had arrived, andwer beng ittd tgeterforuse a hor setio ofheline having 'lb lat allupo clonalalltte sare ha nw benmade, and of last month (March!. pl ig tetraffic thrugout the ln.The Presidenthaaaiexrsd his conviction, 'which was alke shared by the Dicosadteclna shareholders generally, that the line would yielt a fi okn ii dend of 20Oto 25 per cent.; nor ie it unreasonable tbtcpt.fo h steady increase of population and the groin deveomnofti weaithy and? prosperous colony, that sharehods will reap evengreater advantnges than this large div-idend. The residue of the sharesrieserved for allotment in this country (being very few in miusher) are now offered, and for which immediate application should be made. The certificates contain thaeauthomired Govemnment guarantee of 5 per cent., and they bear intereat fromc the date of half-YeArly Report, dated thxe lst of January, 1I56 aboverefered to fordistsibutio in , thi noun-try, eiltb Lonadeon. thentrespetivshrehoelderstimmeiatlyafoterthme arrialnftedhresnx maf sip bywachi they Gereln tod Mebeurdepace fromth colonuy, a Tn Iherflest informaketion maycp bhe wbained byr initendiango shreoldr oh mneapicton amt ofthe no agltency oIet ofther am Porm ofeAplcaion for Suhaness.......... To Mnms, Lrnach andualkr37 Cgannn-tret Londo........... Gentleen,-Irequet tha yo...ill.allot.tome.gua.anteed.shares of £0EAch inAth AeLon anRElbourne R thwa Company at and ThereyOuAeTPaIeWo acetteSealedcertfi PRESs ndTopayfo thl esame onhecep Lnon-rf th eramimnts lettr.Prsot t71 .. LononTeznnu~ professon o busness Date.~~ha Hr a G REAT NAVAL REVIEW of etshae bLeen at and SOTH-COST RAI WAY.A SPEIOUL E ixPR Tr AIdNuce 'wil leve he ondn-brdgeTerinu foPotsmoputh ato 7.15r am., class, lOs. Sd.; second class,to 1. pd. london Te FREERIOX LIGHT.Secretary. London-big Terminus, April11, 186. G RETH-NAVALR REVIEW At NoRticeOtTand ariv afte Prsothe at O 1%3 next B arrangeenshaebnmde toan foDvead forar"ad tRaInS from Forightone tod PORTs,MOUTas inrai sccession, fro 7a.m otoh10a.tm. inordysstaerst,enablelth e puli onfensuedas exluingl atoh Portsmot by thlestime fixd Bouorgte, commwencemntoth reanisew strainrs aretr frompoatsmoe t from. Seat mtio10pm London Triu, April 11, 1856. GC.W T,R Secretary. S OUT-EASERN RILWA COMAIY.- The iretor of hisComany repentohecive TaiDERS ofg LOAN onebenur ofthre orfiveyeas, to th er cevnt,apersn London-bridge Terminus,eAprilsSde18F6. SOUTH-EASTCERN ECRSO RALA NTRAeINS and after. the 1sth ofth Maynexth Aperebnis, tan from tDovenhrcand Castre an and iop%and fromeFoSkattone . and . Ca.ais, willucease at becon veyed.b thes Sloutgixh-Eastr Cmany'shlfa theames,an willbeco. ie oexluel tod th Poarter lor.fromkst andcl toulognestve ofr thenc mler-a chaendie n stheamr are isosptch ed.diy ete emtig Londn,cAprilstee Sta8tion,.AprilL,7anage TGHTDOU,RTSEatY andSE SOUTDEN-IG RAIL ELaWd AY.CKheapg. iuu ions.-The Managrd-fcthis Rarilaym begse tondraw the atetond ofclubs and. benefi sonocbidete Sttion,the adatae ofer oedrby thisiefrd CEAP FEECRSIOCS tol the seaon-side zaol courseon-erideto TatSoiuthGTnecetry SASTERN COEUNTIEXCURSIONWTAINSeon Sunayke thes 13h,Crh,avnd 27ethpil, 1856, from theo prl 1en 5rcp.m.,N thUsN allowingsi hourndoaha aat thNeWa side, asudr vr onemil and I ad qarterd long, frm Dhchte fiet viewmofrthefleet atm Sheerne. ss andth Ner ina quobtained.am from0 aBriglto atd 710.m clss 2d frs-las*I, d..eod m.a is, 66P. covered thid class. FeRmEDERO7.4I T Sertr.'. E ASTERN COUNTES aRAI A.-e. 8.1 am.Is an 2 cw eFrom. LoDon. ono 1.0am 6.10 n.M. lst, 2d. and 3d classu u temre 12.40 n.m 12.30 n.m. ist and 2d clas (qik) , , 1.4 p .m. 4iB. 0 .. 1st and 2d class 7, , .48 p.m. 5. 5 p..etada cna(xrs) , , .8pm iNew ~ ~ ~ ro Nwmarket.frlno n oratrtels ae 8.1ANm St andMRGAE to las (expres Dextat London 11. 0o n.m. 8.15 o four lot f5T eand 3 cassi e cent pe n miteet 12.40 p.m 12.30t p.m lepiot l-ezy i aur and Jd las , b .4 co p.m. a Onsrs F mitay, April1, au Speialtraino fiAcrstcls carrigs wfilave Secreary'stfUorLondonnesco, StuatethelasnOW?trace. h, W BishopgatR,MarchER,1and ByOrder. AJWA -NtceishrAb iLWAY ChaM-h Messs.mithPane,AnDJOmth,Rbnkers London, Offersda ofthloanso Serdetrys offie, Hou seo Sain ono~t arh 16 ORDI, AR othAL-e RY GNRl IEIGo h Company ha benfrhraDJUNDutlsusa,te to Mayldext, atteLno aen ihpoaesre,Lno,a 'o o pecsterly.ri Attecn Hun Of . the 1djorne Genretral eein,BSEciAlE Mee TINGIoheHlders ofnth PreereTia,ONd Atdeabne Peferential XUCapItofN theCompanydil beAeldAs Extensind Linorer towc comply wthtinhemrequiremets fof thel Staning, OrdSleers-o te ouse ofheeb Commons, forat eturoe Drcofs consdrf theabv addtina= dl capital o a an theyr spiecially afectsgthe, otintees ofnu hfolders Byorder Worcetber8thApril riI9,1856. t NOE l THOS. SMth, Sfecreary. rxension Line,S Corwe to Nttgam-on trof ctAIL for00ttons o Chairs,an 5,060 Sleepers. Further particulars may be obtained, with form of tender, onx aDpplration to Mr. Underwood, the engineer, at the offices of the raid Com- pn,on and after Mronday, the 21st day of April inst. All tenders must be upon the printed form, sealed and addressed to the Secretary; and none willbe receivred after 1 o'clock on the said 28th day of April. By order, -JOHN GOUGH,. Sec. Company's offices, Nottiagharm, April 9, I8s. AMBERG-ATE, NOTTINGHAAM, and BOSTON A.lad EAISTERN XJUNCTION RAILwAyand CANAL COltFAINY.-Seventh Call of 12s. 6d. per share, making £39 2s, Gd. ralled. -Notice is hereby given, that. Pursuant to, a resolution of the Board mentioned bankers.F bechrge b No tansfr o shaes an baloweduntl nl rails made thereon are Ilan s -TeNottignisand Nottinghanrhire Banlridng Company, NOttnha;the Lodnand Wesiminster Banik-, Lothbury,London. JOSH YLTES. Cahairan. TUOS. CALVERT BEASLEY. Vice-Chairman, B3y order, J-NO. GOQUGH Sec. Co-Vpan' Offices, Nottingham, A-pril 93,186. A MNBERG~ATE, NOTTINGHAMVI nnd BOSTON, and EASTERN JUNCTION RAILWAY and CANAL.-Extension Line, Colwick to NOttinghsan.-Conxtracts f-mr WVorks,-Ntico is hereby given, that the Directors of the above Company will meet at their offices, fit. Peter's-gate, Nottingham, on llonday. the 28th day of April ins't.. at I O'clock in the afternoon, to receive TENDERS for the followving WORKS : Contract- No.3.-For the making that payt of the line commencing; at the termination of Contract No. 2, on thre west side of New Trentlane, in a field, numbered 15 on theParliamentary plan, in the parish of Sneinton. in the county of Nottin ha,ad terminating in a field, nuimberedI 56 on the wetsd fglmdmTrout-lane, in the aforesaid parish leIngth about 17 chains including tha earthworks, bridge, retaining walls, and otherworks relating thereto. Contr2rt.Xo. 5.-For the making that part of the line, commencin-g on the east side of Old Trent-Iane aforesaid, In a ficiaUnumbered 64.in the oariel, of Sneinton, and terminating by a junetion with the present ir e of the ArsbergatO Ra'ilway, near to the crooning of the road from Colurick to Carlton - length about two miIes and five chains, including all the earthworkg, 6ridges culverts, ballasting, and othLer works for Plan, dawins, nd seciicatonsmay beeen, and further particuarsobtine, wth ormof endr, n apliration to Mlr. Under. -wod, he ngnee, a te ofics f te sidCompany, on and after Wedesdy, he 6thdayof pri int. lltenders must be upon the Compny's Offce, -Nottinghm. April 9,'1856. 1~ASTRN RILWA of RANC.-CAL of Pars o o beor th 1th ns., nteer atth rae f fveper cent, ~TSTERN and NORTHf-WESTERN RAIL- YWASof FRANCE.-DIVIDEN due lse April, and now (~RLANs AILWY DrIDEN.-SEHARE ~.J OUPN, o. , lf. ach CAHEDby S. W. Mlorgan, A8 ADVOWSO.-For SALE or EXCHANGE, a valubleADVOSON wel siuateforhealth andl residence, 'wihinan asydisanc ofLonon.To hoelsekng for an immediate TRON SCH OL ROOM 86 by 8, welllighted, I iled ith eedin oof,and7 fet u sies,winc ar 12feet high, p ric £25 Ironcoac-houe andtwooall~table 20b 14.price £e29. T)ACKING CASES.-1Ol) very strong 1-inch DEAL JL CASES, 4 feet long, 18 inchesi wide, 20 Inches deen) to be SOLD, at a reduced price. Inqueire at 16, Berners-street, Oxiol-atreet. CRICRETING and ROWVING.-AD)E's REGIS- TRDELASTIC BELTS will be foiand invaluable for the comfort and support they afford to gentlemen fotndof the mianly snrts of cricketing and boating. M5ay be had of all hosiers, &c.. in the k-ingdom, and of Edwin Ade, 418. Oxford-street, London. N.D. Wholesale aLt 97, Wood-street, Cbeareide. ARHERY EQUIPMVE NTS for LADIES, 20s., ARS5., and 75s. ; for gestlsmen, 25a. Gd., 40s.. and 82s. Gd.;- 4 feet ~~rc tla~ 18. 3 feet ditto,9s. gentlemen's best self boiss10,6d.: ON CHEK 132c,6(xiord-srot New catalogue of priceis and archerse guide, gratis. IAE AREai o. rnoidr,& Cosnlne pe Tae-t ie.L ndo Wrs lso I QCsep ~ clms,tn sadaerpps n s IFIA K ofDEPOIT, o. 3P&R-alleast,Loiadon; licaeeonu tion, PETER HORRISManaging Dimrctor ¶r MAVELLERS GOING AB3ROAD.-Tnse Londons JLJoint Stock Bank GRAZTS CIItCULA.R LEI7EBs of CREDIT, combining all the advantages of dcirna.r notes, with perfect security to the bearers ugu thle prianpal towns of the continent of Europe, America, anadi&-Hedofce, Prince&s-treet, Mansion-house; Western B0ranch, 69, Pall-mall. GEO. POLLARD, Mamager. OTHAUSTRALIAN BANKING COMPANY K~ineo~~RoyaCtarte, 1847-The Curt ofDirectors Busnes wih al te ustalin Clonesconducted through the Lou n tatpelt 185. WILIAMPURDY, Manager. DEPOSIT BANK. Leioester-p1ac eietr a mus~. tDepoit iVnsums ofnot lessthan £1are received,whicharaybe added tofrom tm to time, and bear interest at £5 per c-ent. per annum. Depositors for two, throee, or more years are allowed. £ per cent, Der Annual. Bills are cashed and advances made to responsible personis, in sumsn ranging from £20 to £1,4000, repayable within three months, or by instalments within a year. B. W. BEAM,E Manazer. -fTNION BAN.K of iLON)o.N._CiRCuLA_ L NOTES(value £10 and upwards,freeof chargefor steam. 1and LETTERS of CRtEDIT, payable at all the principa cities and t Owns of Euoeadeswee r suda h edoffice and branches, CRM OUR, Afanager. * B.ANK of VICTORIA, Melhourn Anstrafla-The JLPLONDON and WESTMINSTER BR Lothbury, GRANT LE'TTERS of CREDIT and BIllS of EXCHLANIGE, at 30 day , sight ata,pnhBankcof Victoria, Melbounme, Fort. Phillp andupon the "brenches o1f1 that Bank at Geeloog, Belfast, Ballarat, AZUdhurst6 and Castlemnaine. These letters of credfit andbill of exchange cantbe obtained through the North and South Wales Bank, lAverooL, the National Provincia Bank at Birmingham, Mauchester, and Bristol, aLnd all other banks with which the London and WestmininterBlankix in correspondence. J. W. GILBART, General Manager. rIMHE WVESTERN BANK of LONDON.-in pier- aL usince of the provisions of the act 7 Win. IV., and 1 Vic, cap. 73. see. 32, intituled "1An Act ior better enabling Her Majesty to confer certain ',owers and immunities on Trading aLnn other Compamies." notice iasrerelygiVen, that aa APPLICATION has been made to the Queen's Meet Ecelent Majesty inCouncil,in accordance with the Ac Piand8Vic-..cap.213, intituled "AiActtoRegulateJToint-StockBanksin England." by petitionsaigned bYthe requirednnimberof ahareholdlersin a company or undortaking establshed for theoiroeu of carring on thebusiness ofajoint-stickbanklinEngland,toe called 'TheWestemn Bank, of London.' and Praying for the grant of LETITEIs PATSNT. inoorpomating5and giving other privileges to the ahiareholdera in the said Company or undertaking, and to whimt petition was annexed the deed of settlemenrt. of the said Company or undertnking, executed by the requsit proorton n nuberand alu ofthe ahaveholders therein : andtha soa ptiton as eenrefrre byHerMajstyin Council to RYrEktA.MIIB,Y, ndRYMER, 5, Whitehall Soiiosfrtesaid Company. WESTERN BANK of LONDON, 21, I1anover- w a~~~~~~~quare. The Right Hon. Sir GER TTNBLE,(.C.R. Governor Sir FredercSih .,9,yd-akque John ArthrReu,Ee.MP1Asl-pae etntr Captain Leicester V. enn .' &dnto-os,Wnae ek Mlajor-General Al. .Bnod14Upe ailn-erc William Bum, Esq.,, tatnset,Pcdil Edmund Burke,Re,6,UpeTamstrt William Camn st,3,Whr-lc J. H. R. Cihse.Rq,4,Wmoesre Henry Charle hlo,Rq.1,Bdodsur Thomas Gibbes. Req., 19, Trgotnare John Gregory, REq.. 7., Hare.lc WiliamSimson Rst..radsor-hT.e HLAmmer-amith. ge NOTICE is hereby given, that an EXTRAOR- DINARY MEEING of the Governor and CoDMPanY Of Cnel1sea Waterw-orks wil he held at 29, Great George-street,lWestminster. on F'ridny, the 25th of April instant, at 12 o'clock, for the purpose of recelivin the Report of the Committee of Proprietors appointed on the 17th of December last. By order, ALBERT GILI,, Secretary. ITEST MIEDDLESEX WATER-WORKS.-Notiee Yis hereby giv-en, that a HrALF-YEARLY GENERAL ASSEMIBLY of the Company of Proprietors wil be bolden at the Compan's ffie, ew-oad SiMarlebne,corerof Nottingham-place, on Tesda, te 6t dayof ay nxt, t U ol'clc in the forenoon, whenthee wll e a elctin o Diectrs,in the room of Joseph; T AMETHWATER-WORKS COMLPANY,L.4 Nticeishereby given, that an ORDINARY GENERAL MIEETING of ths Company of Proprietors of lambeth Water-wori-a will he held at the Company's Olffce, 119, Elsckfriaca-road, in the pariah of St. George-the-Martyr. Southwark, in the county of Surrey, on Mlonday. the 28th day of April, 185, at 12 eo'loc at noon precisely, to receive the report from the Directors to elect Directors and ant Auditor in the place of three who go out by rotation agreeably to the Act of Incorporation, and to elect a Director in place of the Director who has died since the last Ordinary General Meeting. The Transfer B3ooks of the Company will be Closed from the 18th to the 28th inst., both inclusive. Dated this 1lth day of April, 18B6. B3y order of the Directors. W. S. PHIIPS, Secretary. F OREIGN VINEYARD ASSOOIATION.-- J'Commanding Capital of £5100.O0W.-A Joint-Stock Wine Company, governed by seven Directors, and formaed for the purpos of supPlying Private famliHes and egtablishmenta withx foreign winces and spirits, in large or - all quantitieis, aLt really wholesal prices that is, from 25 to 10 per cent, under thms of wine merchants. Exam_ples:_ The finest Champagne, at £56 I8g, the three-dozen case, instead of XID 1iS.; Clatrets, finest Chateau Branse Cantenno or NtaSsau, Margaux, at £ 8 S. instead of £ 12 If.; Sherries, at 283., 36a,. andMzs. In gZae of 36g., 48s.. and 56s.:. Ports, same ratio; and the finest pale or ro-wn Cognac, 26a. per gallon. Apply to T. W. Stapleton, Req., Secetay ad " , -1, in.street Regent-street, for pro3pectassa fromtheRepot o CatainDoulasGallon, N.E., Secrtaryto theRaiwayDeprtmntof he oar ofTrae,on Railway Accidents After referrlng to several cases of one class of accident, he says: " In all these cases it ia statecL by the inspecting officer that thne oaccdents would probablynotbhaveoccuredh the ointaof the rails been fished. The stability of the permanent way is one of the most im-. portant elements in the economicalanad safe working of arailway, and to obtain this stability very great care should be bestowed upon the joints of the rails. Oflthe improved joints inuse,the f2sh jointapr to he one imoat largely adopted on narrw gauge lines, and to ye proved very satisfactory." licences to use the nab joint, of which thePerinanent Way Company ame the sole proprietors, end every information resPecting v-srions other bighiY important Patents belonging to or worked by the Company. may he obtained upon application to Charles May, T.S,theMage-,o to'Wfilarn Hlowden, Secretary. 2d, Great George-street, Wyestminster. t"ILASGOW CORPORATION WATER-.WORKS., 17X-Mugdock Reservoir and TanneL,-To CoDntractors.-The Coin. mnittee of Commissnoners hereby give notice that they have postponed theis determination on the tenders lodged for No. 2, or Mugdock con tract, which are in the mean.me retained and reserved, under sal for future consideration' e nd it has been resolved to receive ucis anad revised TbNDIt from Contractors, offering lernmatively to execute any one or both Of the two parts of the Work- into 'which it is divided, estimated end tendered for separately by slump sum fOreachPart, as vell ashby 0'eormPoading Prices in schedule-the Oon part comprehending the Miugdck Service Reservoir and relativo work, and the other the Tunnelling and relative work, conform to specificationi end schedule; which new and revised tenders wil be considered anid disposed of along with the tenders already lodged, so far an not superseded by the lodgment of the revised tendLers now requested. As fOrmerly advertised, the whole work consists, among other things, of'a tunnel, 2.640 yards in length, end 8 feet in diameter, extendinig from near the village of Stratibaet to the valley South of Mugdork, near MilagaIe andthe formation of alarge reservoir tobhecalledthe Mlugdock S~ervceReservoir,wiho hrtueadllhmsny water-courses, diversions of roads, &-c., connected therewith. The earthworkc, puddling, andatoniaginithe embankmente and cuttings of the reservoir, willamount ton3early500,O00Dcubic yards. The plans, sections. drawings, and specfifcations will he againi exhibited for tile in. sPectionofintendingeontractorsintheTown-h at theCroseof Glasgow (entrybyNo.12, T'rongato. onandafterWedne8day, 2dAprilnext,whiere copies of the specifications and quantities, end all other requisite information will be obtained; and also from the subscriber, Mr. Barnet, at his office, City-chainbers,'Glasgow ; and al further information ne-. bosrry mybe obtained from J. F. Bateman. REsq., the Engineer, at hi ficsi Manchester; and from Mr. Alfred Moors, the Assistatt Engineer,at Milagvie, whowill accmpany cotractorsover the hav alead tederd, nd lsonewtenersfro otercontractors, addessd t th Comisionrs,seaed,endmared' Tender for offce,Cit-chmbes. lasow,on rbooreThusda, 1thApril next. Glasgowr, 26th March, 1858. UN Sceay T the ENLIGHTENED and I1UTNANfE.-Blindi Tness anid Adversity.-Four years since, forwarsed by my enquiries into and retlections on the condition and fate of the blind, I advertised for ermployment that mnight enable me to ward off the deteriorst- dftmensdemoralizingtendency of paujperL and indolence, tei-nevitable resulb of impoverished, imprisoned, and unapplied mind. Afar harder struggle with a greter complication of evils since that timne compels me to ask again for more senous and sincere attention t'. mycase than itbashithertometwith. Hadltbeenmnylottobavebad one manly frietid to stand by me from the first to check and steady thie timaid, frightened, wayward, and almost hopeless reel of an over-. feinaled home in adversity, or, if beyond it, the stream of informationi bihhmnt if not friendship, should have kept free from and u -- Poisoned by falehood and deception, had supplied an adecruateamonut of mental nutriment, Pointing out at the same time the opportunitits of action, thismostpainfulandperhapsmoreestrangigAPPE&Lwoe7d never have been necessary. I am aware that, in the first place, it wie due to the defective civilization of the country and circles in which it Ihasbeen my lot to exist, and[thatwell-intentioned friends, wanting a guiding principle, have relied on ever-shIftig expediency. To their belief that the only means of support were those of pointing at iincaPacity, exciting pity, and making a market of calamity, I have opposedI a constant struggle to gain eTery opportunity of being useful, and, by making a market of my intellect, to enure self-surpport, respect, and a re-admission to the unforfeited priyileges of social intercourse with my equals, the opportunities of increased and more elevated exertion, By nerynine Yeam of this unequal anid exhauasting antagonism I am ntow reduced to that state of isolation and depen. deuce that I dread the common fate of too many blind, more to be dreaded than death itself-inmbeeilty. or some more active form of ir- santy; nd a yersshllmae m iprsomet ore eoate t.dint etrlprevnted. Sncee thankis to those friends andL strangers who haveaided to stinmy mind, especially those servants whose native and self-refining honesty induced thenm to suPPly me with truth, ,-nd thus, ceasing to be servants, became friends--but, mnost of all, to that friend whoseliberarLty has never failed, andl now enables mae to make this appeaL. There are those who cOuld have stated how I have laboured for others as well as myself, and to how uisefu and important a,n en f, but theyhbave fallen off, or, what is just asbad, wavered at th tm of need. I hope the more serious of higher education winl un"d,=adiymotive andnecessity.if hereaftertheyshouldmeetm0in Ithe streets sellingbooks on this orvothersubjecta connectedwithi-ecaim- lag of waste miniL. It will in the first place be to gain the few sentences of serious conversation from the more educated, reflecting. andimatnred minds,whichnowacldom falitomy lot, as the only antidote to iso'lation, to obtain the meanus far the increased expenditure of excommunication, whertbe ratutousaid of an efficient friend is seldom knownM, and to oughnae hry society facto and statements which the genuine p~hilanthropistu i welcome, and by which, perhas, the more seldA live-sensed may be induced to inquire and reflect, all of which Iought to hve njocd. ithut eindrive to this a parent breach of the amenities of educated life.-J IK BIND, Member of the College of Surgeons. England, and Day's Pensioner, 14, Newmnan-street, OxKford. street, late of Sturminster, Newton, Dorset, of Hunter-street, Regent. place, and Guildford-street. P.S. Before any one censures this step let them bejust and leamn that the evils of isoatlon increasemiore rapidly and are more imminent than absentees Can pOSSIbl im1afe,.even if they gave themnelres the trouble to think ; aLnd I earertl hop that pblian,tlropists, more conversant with the humnan mind, its laws, nec~- sities, mede of action, and derangements in four-sensed life, wil watch over and direct the cameo of the bliudhereafcer. There is a sftug; e going on between the educated end necessitus blind of Matur,,d years and five-sensedI teachers, directors and amateuir theorists, as -o what the blind want, what they can do, and what are the best means -o achieve it. In France the blind who can bring the imp,ortant evlden -a derived from consciounsess to correct the imperfect observation ard mistaken theories of the five-sensed are more listened to than in oE-. loud, and this accounts for their grater progress If blessed with health of mlind and opportumity I hope to publish somae remarks, however fragmentary ; hut if prevented by death or other cause, I hope the books and other evidence I have collected willbetranalered to some one free from the partial, dishonest, and suppressive spirit, tmat greatest enemy to the eleTationx and hmappinesa of the blind. AT I O N AL J 01N T-STOC K LIBd) N xCapital £30,000, in ;10 sbares-X5 tobea ntti urn ffeeasfeincstentforcapial,andfac - or he ormtion To the PROPRIETORS of the ROYAL MA STEAM-PAOKET Ladies and Gentlemen, J Beg to tender you my sincere thanks for the honur reayou have done me in electing rme to a seat in the direction ci your I have to aure you that no effort shall be vvanting 3o my part to prove mysl m e. evn of the conddence you have bxen plenaed to repsm I have the honour to be, Ladies and Gentlemeu, Your obedient humable sersant. London, Apri U, liid THOAS ROBERT UF LL To the PROPRIETORS of EAST INhDIA STOCK. Ladies aud Gentlemen, rHE:public prints will have apprized you of tbe T re3uflt of the election on Wednesday Iat, whereby my endesrous to obtain a seat in the East India Direction, for which I bave so long and arduously laboured. have been again defeated. This result has been occasioned solelly by my supporters having been induced to splt their votea sththeriletug)iretors; for,of theln b.57 votes with which I was honoured, only 372 were plumpers, the renaining 681 having ceen sbared with one or more of ny opzonents. To the several Proprietors who honoured me with their votes, and more espeally to those who gave me their undivided suppart, I beg to tender my wsrniest and most grateful thanks As the next occason on which you ray be called upon to exercire -our franchise must necessarily bevery distant, I can hardly explet that Isall ever agan be in a positon to solidt your suffrages. I have the ionour to be, Ladies and Gentlemni, Your obedient servant, J. 0. MOERIS, late Madras Civil Servioe. 10, Mansfield-street. Portland-place, Aorit 1 I,856. pAGGED SCHOOL UXIOXN.A SERISIONwi R be Preached on behef of the above Society, by His Grace the Arclibisliop of CA3tTElBURY, or, Sunday Morning, April 13, in. St. Dunstn's Church, Fleet-street. Divine service to commance. at li Offices, 1, Exeter-halL Strand, London. President-The Right Ron. the Earl of Shaftesbury. Tremurer-.L C. L. Beran, EAq. Hon. Secretary-Mr. W. Locke. Rankers -Meners. Barclay, Bevan, and Co., 54, Lombard-street. In tonnexion with this Society there are in operation 81 day schoob, in1 evening schools, and 114 Sunday schools, in which 15.000 neglected and detitute children of the metropolis are receiving a useful, secu. ar, industial and religious education. There are a&Lo in connexion 16 Refuges, containiug 450 friendless or criminal boys and girls. The expenditure of these institutions, from ranous cause., has greatly increased of late, and, in consequence of the finuncial pressure resulting from the war, their income has considerably decreased. The Com- inttee of the Ragged School Union have therefret been omrpeled to devote not onlY the wYhole of itSyear's receinti, but also a sum of Gent, Extowrd hellr sup ort.Iftiantbedo,smeote scha(ootls and Rfugelsmupst have fbteen shumt up,P and the efficiency of the residue would haTe been lessened, and th3 numberof their scholars considerably reduced. T^he Cotmmittee eaniestly and respeitfelly appeal to the pnblc for funds to aid them in their extensive and beneolent labours. Contributions will be thankulc iy received by Mes3rs. Barclay, Beran, and Co., 84, Lombard-street;* and by the Secretary, Mr. Joeeph G. Gent. Exeter-hall. Strand, London. A LESSANDRO GAVAZZI will LECTIJRE oni DL the IINQUIJSITIOlN, at the British Institution, Cowsper-streee City-road, en Monday, Apnil 14, at half-past 7 o'clock. Admission. &L reservedaets, Is. _ERVICES, in great Room, Hanover-square eVery kJBSnday, by Rev. JOHN AII, Free Chuch of 'ctland. author of "Memoirs of Hewitson." &c. To-morrow, at11aBrother in Adversity; at 7, the Jew, his Past andhis Future, beingthird of course on Unfulfilled Prophecy. Usual Bible clss at 3.15. C HURCH PENITENTIARY ASSOCIATIoxx : kJOffices. 35. Lincoles-inn-fields.-The FOURTH ANNIVERSARY MEETING of the above AsociatIon wilt take place on Thursday. the 24th of April, I86. The Associates and their friends are invited to attend Dirine Service at St. James's Church. Piccadily, at U o'clock, when the Sermon will be preached by the Bishop of Moray aud Ross, and the Holy Communion will be administered. The Meeting wiUibe held at Wllis's Rooems, }ing-street, St. James's. The Bishopof LICHFELI will preside, and the chair wil be taken at3 precisely. Tickets iwi be sent to the Aaseclates for themselves andfriends; and they may alse be had on application at the offlces of the Asociation; and at lr. J. Parker' 377, Strand. T. H. GREENE. Clerical Hon.Sec. B. LANOASTER, lay Hon. Sec. :VENlNG CLASSES for YOUNG MEN, CrosbEhlshleopsgate-street.-The ARNNUAL FESTIVAL will h London Taern, Bishopsgate-street, THIS DAY, April12: The Right Hon. Lord EBRINGTON, P., in the chair FIRST LIST of STEWARDS. The Right Hon. the Earl GRANVLE The Right Hon. the Earl of HARROWBY. The Hion. George Massey. Sir Felix Agar. Thomas Baring, igq., M.P. Charles Salisbury Butler, Esq., M.P. Wiliam Ewart. Esi., SLP. Colonel William Henry Sykes. a.J. B. Aldis, Esq., .D. R. F. Leeks. Esq., F.L.S. Rev. Dr. Booth, F.B.S. Rev. M. W. Lusignan, A2,L J. Bowstead, jun., Esq. J.3. .Mechi, Esq. Rev. T. KL Bullock J. D. Powvles, Esq. James Capel, Esq. Leopold Redpath, Ezq. R. W. Crawford, Esq. Chas. Lockhart Robertson, Esq. Beugamin Edgington, EJq. M.D. R. N. Fowler, Rig. Henry Sterry, Esq. J. W. Gilbart, Esq., F.B.S. H. Sykes Thornten Rzag, Montague Gore, Esq. SamuelTomkins,Raq. Robert ianbuMy, Esq. Rev. Rich. Whittintgon, A.M. Tickets, 21s. each, may be had of the Stewardsd; at the tavem ; and at thelitirary, Croehy-hahl. r CHAS. MACKENZIE, A.M., Hon. Sec. (N RESHAM LECTURES.-Easter Term, 1856.- 'tX The LECTURES founded by Sir Thomas Gresham will be read to the public (ratis) durng this Term, in the Theatre of Gresham College, Rastagl-street, in the following order:- In Latin, atl12 o'lock at noon; and in Engulsh, at I o'clock in the afternoon; except that there is no Musc Iecture in Latin, and that the Geometry and the Mtul Lectures ia English are delivereda' 7 oclocl.inthe evening. Astronomy-Rev.Joseph Puilen. M1A Tnesday,piit,Wd nesday.,16th; and Thursday, 17thedy, April 15th* Wed- Plsic.-H. H. Southey, Mf.D., F.R.S. Friday. April 18th; Satmr dav, 18th; and Mfonday. 2ist. d}vinit-Rev. H. J. Parker, 3I.L Tuesday, April 22d; Wednes. dsY,23d: Thursday, 24th. 2 -Willam Palmer, Esq A. Friday, April 25th; Saturday, 26th -M3onday, 2Yth. Rhetoric-Rev. Edward Owen, M.A. Tuesday, April29th; Wednesday, 3Sh; Tursda, 3falet. Geometry-Rda. May Cowie, MA. Friday, May 2d *Saturday, 3a- Monday 5t. I3usic-Bdward Taylor. Riq. Tuesday, My 6th: Wednesday. 7th; Thursday, 8th. . BABS, ClerkE Mfercers'-hai, Aprl , S1156. V'OSSUTH at the LONDON TAVERNM EL16-KOSSUTHE w(by invitation) delver TWO LETIOiRES on the CONCORDAT between the Pope and Fzancis Jeseph of Austria, at the London Tavern,Bisiopsgat-street. on Thur3day,17theandr giday, 18th, 7 preiey DOn t3h°e 17nth by CharTl°esGilcpin, gb, adoe thel athb Francis Bennoch, Esg. Ticketela. each, or tickets for the platformand reserved seats. zs. 6d. each, may be obtained by earlY applicatien at IV. and F. G. Cash's. 5, Bishopegate wFithout. QOYAL SOCIETY cf ,ITERATURE.-Th aerv. HR BYZN1 CHRISTMtA M!.,P.BS.. Frofessorof British History and Aschreologyin the yaloc3ilety of Literature, gives notice, that his next CO URSE of LsECTURES3 will be delivered at the Society's House. No. 4, St. Martin's-lilacs, Trafalger-agnare, on the undermentioned evenings, at 8 o'clock precisely. Subject-The Superstitions of Mediseval Science considered withparticular reference to the progress of Philosophy in this country. Tuesday, April S-Mledieval Theories. Tuesday. April l5Astrologr: its Origin and Decline. Tduesday, April2l-Atchemy and its Cognate Sciences. Tuesday, April 29-British Alchemy and its Professors. Tuesday, Mlay 6-Philosophical Mtagic. Tuesday, May 13-Magic us ERngland. Tuesday May20-Pnematology Tuesday, Miay 27-Pneumatoldgy (continuedJ. Tickets may be had (free of expense) by applcationto the Secretary, at the Societys House. QSTEAM COMMUNICATION with AUSTRALIA. k-A P'UBLIO MEETING will be held at the London Tavern Bishopsgate-street, on Monday, tho 14th of April, 1856 to determine on the best steps to be adopted to ensure the immediate establishment of our postal steam relations with Australia. The chair wil be taken by the Right Hon. the LORD MAYOR, at 2 o'clock precisely. JAMES A. YOUL, Hon. Secretary, General Association for the Australian Colonies: Committee-room, London Tavern. CONDON CORPORATION BIL-L.. The CENiTRAL COMMITTEE of LIVER EI wvill SIT daily, at Gnildhall, to receive conunications in reference to the Bill now before Parliament.-April 10, 156. A T a MEETING of the Masters and XWarden. of the several Livery Companies of the City of London, held at the Mansion House, London, on Thursday, the 10th day of April, 1816, the following resolutionswere moved, seconded, andmnanimouslyagreed That, in the opinion of thin Mleeting, the Bill introduced into the House of Commons by Her MajesWtyGovernment for the better regulation of the Corporation of the City of London is unconstitutional and uniust, and ought to be opposed. That the Livery Compames of the City of London be reguested to Present petitions to Parliament against the Bill, and to use their inituence with Members of Parliament to induce them to oppose the second reading of the Bill That the Masters of the several Companies be requested to call meetings of their respective Courts at an early day, to rake into coBsideration the propriety of petitioning against the second reading of the EBil. which is fixed for the 21st inst. Thatthe thanks of this Meeting be given to the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, for his courtesiy in calling the Present Mfeeting, his kindness in granting the use of the Mansion-house, and for the ab;ility he has displayed as Chairmane of the lSeet,ing, That the thanks of the Meeting be given to Sir Peter Laurie for his able conduct in the chair previous to the arrivl of the Lord Mayor. That the tbanks of the rSeeting be preented to Mr. Alderman Wnre fior has able address and the valuable assistance he has rendered to the Meeting. D. SATHINS, MTayor. A ROY AASONIC INSTITUTION, for Clothing Educatgm, and Apprenticing the Sons of Indigent and Deceadnd FAreemsasons-A QUARTEllLY GENERtAL COultT of the Governors and Subcoribers wil be held at the Office, 34, Great Qneen-street. on dionday, the nlyt inst., upon the unual businetr of the Charity. The chair will be talen at 12 o'clocl precisely. AUGUSTUS U. THlISELlTON, Sic. A RMY and NAVY PENSIONES' EMPLOY.L iSENT SOCIT, 22, Parliament-steet (Pastron-H.R.H. Prince tLBErT), instituted for procuring employm entforsoldiers and saifers otvalided from the war. SubceripEtons and donationstha k fully re,Neolve by the bankers, M est . Coutts, Strand; Messrs. astmeran. city and by te Secretary, at the ofc Aes, wrho wl be appy ht afford dery informuation of the practical woridng of the Soiety, aunstCo ti.. lists P eriodlcalbapubleshedt and abstracts Of dtuatlons provided. JA^ME sYMXII, Secretary andPRgitar. H°0M for GENTLEWOMEN, 25- and 26, QaeenJsgua re. RBomscbury.-Tbis Institution, wFhich aecomrmodates 57 ladies, w ould be nearly self-supporting if the original debt for its expenses of Turnishing for so large anuber could be ceared off. ha therefore offersH£10to fundforthis l purpoe and if 39 other donors vwill klndiy contribute the same mum there will then be no impedimeutto its sucecessfl operationx. Namues of donors will beC thariully received by the 8ub-Treasurer the Re0v. Mr. I. Lusinan MLs, AlIhallw' the Great and Leas L ondon, Snbscriptious mayalso be pau to 3esss Baso,Rorcie, and Co.. 1. Fall-mall eat K. DOBBIN, Sec. D A4Y of THNKSGIVING for PEA CE1 BP.ITISH ORPHIAN ASYLlTLClaphamo-sise (Insttuted 18S7). for the Clothing, Mfaintenace, an,d P,ducation of ,th Destitte Orphans ot these once in prosperity, born in any paltof Her as Dominions, (orpbans in ronsequence of the War having more tal ordinary clalms4-'The clergy are reqpctully enltreated to derote at least a portion of the thank-offerinas of their congregations tori TlrcmotteDg the further efficiency of the abore InstitnUton. The buillding could seominedate upwards of 50 more children than the funds will allow. the Directors to admit. Subscriptions and donations thankfully received by Mlessrs. Wliams, Deason, and Co, Rirchin-lano. by the Directors. and by the Secretary, at the cityofllees 12. Walbrook By order. AL.FBED MACEN E Soecretary. AREHOUSEMIEN and CLERKS' SCEOOLS WT for ORPHAN and NCESS ITOUS CHITDREN. President-The Right Hon. Lord JOHN RUSSELT, M.P. Treasurer-William Ieaf FEqg * TRUSTEES. John Bradbury. q. i Hnan h Teape, Raq. John Porter Foster, Esq. T 3. Ingram Travers F gq. George Moore Esq. IiJ. Colen vakeflel4 JAq. The next UAiF-YEARLY3 ] ON wll take place on the 20th of AMay, being the last to which the children of non-sub6criberc wvil be eligible. Eivery information may be obztained of the Scretary, at the oflic of the Institution, 13, Cheapside. GEORGE LAWRcENCE, Hon. Sec. London. Feb. 12, 1858. HENRY WHITE, Seo. N.B. Thursday, APril 17. will be the last day on wrhich applielous con be receivedi from candidates for the next E:lection. which wvill take place on Sl.ay 20. T HE BAZAAR inl AID of the FUNDS of the LONf- 8DON' FEALE DORITORY will be held at the Royal polytechnic, Regent-street. on the 15th, lth, 17th, and 15th instant. Open, mornin, from 12 till 5; and evening, from 7 ti 10. The usual adittanco fee of l s. tothe Polytechnic will give admission to the Bazaar. The Ladies' .Committee of Mlanagement for the proposed Bazaar re- spetflly soliit the co-operation of all benevolent persons to aid them fin their endeavours to liberate the above Instituton from debt, and to enable is managers to extend their operation Since the establshment of theLondonFe ale Dormitory, in 1850 up to December, 185S. 711 destitute and faUlen females have been admitted to partake of the benefits of this Christian Home, and either provided with situations, restored to their friends, or asted to emigrate. Oontributions in aid of the funds of this Institution should be addressed to the Hon. Superintendentt, Mr, Thomas, 6. Seyrnour-o igew-road, St. Pancras; or the Rankers, Messrs. BoReaquet an Co., S,Lombard-street. ctalU wi be devoted to the alo of work done by the inmes of the Veappa Home, Hill-street, Dorset-square, I lETlfROPOILITANh EA I'SFIRsAARY, 32, Mle U02.LiMff 8cilsrt A7fAzUa fiUBSOR WI1O' BiALL.in aid of the funds i Charty.i'eavo t a at the Haoe-quare. Bom,otFia veig pi2TicketalOs. d. eah LIists ow the Stewads, tbrough whom alone tickets can br procured, maybe obtained at the Boomsb MiAGDALEN HOSPITALhJ, rg us, iooo. - Notcesheebgimthttae~-& ILNIE..LLCOURT us the Governors of this Hospital will be holdan on Thurd net the 17th inst.. at 120o'clockprecisely1orthe I irpose of elechtgthe Vic'-Presidents Tresaurer, and Committee, andthe offirers appointed by the Court; and on other affairs. JOSEP ERR&CETNRURV. e IUlTY of LONDON HOSPITAL for ijria,; c of tho CEEST, Vicoriapr.- Out-Patents releyea,weekendingApril 5,.. .. S36 7ewlPatientsadmitted 120 In-door atientz . - .35 Further donations and annua subecriptuons Ar urgently required to liquidate the rem aining liabi1ies, audto continue and extend the oeneita of this Chaiity. Treastrer-H. Edmund Gurneyr. Iq., 0, Lomnba-rstreet, Bankers-Messrs. Barulay and Co., 5, Lombard-street. City Oflice, 6, Iiyerpool-street. K ING's COLLEGE HOSPITAL.-'o the JSenevi. lent.-I beg to call your attentionto the folLo iogfacts. andwk foryouralmsalldsympathy. la8Si 1,233in-patieutsand233,214 outpatients were relieved. The HoPita has 12 be is, and I hope shortly 2t will be increased to I50 beds. The income from yearlysubscriptions is about £5,000. and the expenditure is £5,0W, leeving a deticiency of £4,000 per annum. Will you not support such an Institution. which aids our porerbrethren,nd keepsdiseasend pesetience fomn our ow1or?Msr.Tiins akr,Srn.wiU receive your con- W. T..COPErAND, Treasurer, Xing~s Coilege Hospit.L 160, Newrrond-street. C'ITY of LONDON HOSPITAL for DISEA1SES of the CHESTi Victona-ark.-The eub:ibers to this charity will be grati5ed to lern that at the Anniersary Festival held at the London Tavern on Wednesday last, the contrilutions amounted to upwards of S5,000. and the Treasurer and. Committee desire to exPrem their very grateful acknowledgments to the Stewards who officiated on that occasion, and to those other friends of the Hospital who have so kindly exerted themselves on its behalf. It-as only on the personal responsiblity of sime members of the Committee that the means were provided for opening and furnishing the new Hospital and, though the contributions obtained wil to a considerable extent meet tbe pressing liabiities, tbe Committee desire torecmind the friends of the charity that there istillalarge debt upDn the building, and that the annual income is altogether inadequat6 to defray the currentexpenditure. Theytherfor urgntl appal othe noto relax in their efforts Till the hole orf thGeliabyilitiesshallheavPe beenpaid off. and the lasttution be prorided writh a permanent aud stufflent mnrome. HE. SE WLL Honorary Secretary. RICHD. P. SL&TBI, &ecretary. City-office, 6. Liverpoolatreet, April 7,185f. luOYAL F<REEi HOSPIT Ga'-ilod._- Founded 18;2. T9Ec orroamtelo hi napibslone. Eorecommendation is reqoured. .Duri:ngthe past month thmfollowing nmberrecelved thebenefits of this CharitY. either as out or in-door Patient on their personal application:- WDitto 14th March.,2.0 Ditto 21st March . . 2.214 Ditto 2Sth and .l.t Mar h 2,2 Week ending 29th, 3th, ana Mai 99: 0! whieb 3473 Total in March 9,5 Of wbich 3,473 were new cases, the remainder (still under treatment) having been admitted previously, Heavy expenses are inevitably incurred in affording sauch extensive relief. The Committee, tberfore, earnestly entreat the aid of the t'rea-urer and BankerJohn MIastermun, Esq., 3LP., Nicholalane EAKEN's HOSPITAL SOCIETY, established on board the Dreadnought, off Greenwich, for Sick and Diseased Seamen of all Nations, who are recived without any reommrendation: upportedby voluntarYconh'ibuhon.-The Comlmitteehave the pleasure of reporting that the Right Hon. Sir CHARIES WOOD, Bart, LP. lFirst Lord of the Amraty, has kindlm consented to p,re3ide atth THIR3TY-FIFTH A4IVERtSAY DiZER of this Charity, at the london Tavern, THIS DAY (SatudMay), STEWARDS. John Ahinuti, jun., Ft.s Captain AlexnderMaimse, E.C.S. CaLpt. H. T. Austin, B.N. Octavial Ommanney, :E.q. Vlc-sm.W m. Bowsles. Cs.E.v.P. Sir Rtobert Peel, Bart., hLP. Thomas H. Brooking, Esq. William Rotohery, Req. Rear-Admiral Sir w. P. Carroll, George Henry Saunders, EAq. E O.B, George Soane, Eaq. Eqar-Admiral Henry Eden Frederickl Somes, Esq. WililansEllice, Esq. Benjamin Standring, Jun., REq. Wijiam Felgate, Eq. Clement`UzieBll EXq. Chades Francis, Eq., V.P. CSpt.SirRW.Walk-er,R.N.,O.RB CaptainWl liam Fnteher Money Wigram, Esq. Robert Grunt, Eoq.. Vi'. WilliamnJehnWild, rq. Francis I Breten, Esq. Pletcher Wilson, Esq. Tickets, one guinea each, to be had of the Stewards; of the Committee of Management; at the London Tavern; and of the Secr-etary, bywhom alsosasy contributionas for theAnniversaryw b o tan fully received'and dulyacknowledgeid S. KEt ALL COOX, Secretary, Society's Office, 74, Ring WIliam-street. city. E RFETROPOLITAN CONVA LESCENT INSTITIU- ?d TION. Asvlum, Walton-on-Thames, Surrey. Offices, 32, Sack. ville-street, Piccadilly. nrecident-The Right Hon. the Earl of ELIpSMpE. ChaIrman-Col, F. PAGET. Vic-Chairman-Maj or LYON. This Institution was founded in the year 1840, to provide for the convalescent and debilitated poor a temporary residence in the country where they could enjoy pure air, rest, and nutritious diet. It has relieved neari5y&lDlpoor saiferers, restoring the great majority to perfect health; and the number of appihcants is annuaUy increasing, 529 having been admitted during the asat year. Thisamount of good the Comumittee have been enabled to do vithout ream touptbf o dinners for the purpose ot stimulating private benevolence- bat, as the expenditure considerably exceeds the annual income, they are eompeled to APPEAL from time t tine for additional funds; andtrast that, at thepresent seaeon, they 'will notmake that appeal in vain. Contributionsrecentlyreoeived. Earl of Manvers'.. .. £52 10 0 D.CO.Marjoribanks, Rq. £21 0 0 Mrs. Charlotte Conwest 50 00 Mrs. Greenwood_. . 2 20 Miss Charlotte Conwest 20 0 0 F. Moysey, Esq. 2. 2 2 o G. S. Trowver, Esq. .. 10100 0 bFaraday, Esq. 2 2 0 Colonel Barnett.. -. 5 5 0 Edw. Wigram, Rq. so 0 00 Chas. Henr Mills,Fsq. 5 50 Hon. MissWaldegrare.. 5 SQ Mrm W. Huammond . . 2 2 0 Hon. miss H. A. F.Wdl- L.ord hMonteagle .......... .. 10 10 0 degrve .. . 5 5 0 Lady Mary Stanley 3. . 3 0 Miss HoustonDoaglas.. 2 2 0 Hon. Eleanor Stanley:: 2 2 0 The Countess Do Mo- msConwest -- .. 50 00 -ella. m . . .10 10 0 Subscription5 and donations are received by CoL F. Paget 5, Johntreet, Berkeley-square; by Wigram Money, Res.q 9. Stanley Vills, NRotttng-hilt by Iessrs. Hoare, Fleet-street; by Messrs. Drnmmond, ICharing-cross: and by the Secretary, Mr. Chsrles Holmes, 32, SackviDe. street, Piccadilly; also by the Collector, Mr. C. Turner. OYAL SEA BATHING IFIRMARY.,for the t Scrofulons Poor of all Enlband; established in aa in 1796, Patron-The QUEEN. The ANIVERSAtY DInNEII in aid of the fends of this imaortant but depressed Charity will take place at the London Tavern, Bashopsgate-istreet. on Tuesdav; April 29, The ftight Hon. the LORD MAYOR in the chair, sapported by the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex. STEWARDS. The Lord Overstone. 31obert A. Heath, Esq. Tne Lord Radstock. IL Hebeler, Esq. Sir Moses hMoutefiore, Bart. Captain Isacke. Sir Henry Muageridge. Thomas Reen, Esq. Tho Hon. H. a. Law. John Beniamin Lee, Esq. Rev. Dr. RusseL J. T. Noakes, Esq Rev. C. T. Astley. Robert Pugh, Eeq Rev. Richard Harvey. Thomas Bless Pugh, Esq. Rev. John Hodgson. Joseph Sebag, Esq. Rev. J. G. Hodgson. Thomas Thornton, EFq. Rev. J. F. Lingham. Samuel Tomkins, Esq. Charles Barber, Rsq. JohnAshley Warre, Faq. William Brooke, Esq. William H. Westwood, Esq Peter Carthew, Esq. William Robinson White, Esq Edward Conder, Esq. Wliam Foster White, Esq. N. Defries, Esq Edward Wigan, REq. Berah Drew, Esq. Frederick Wigan, REq. William H. Eddison, Esq. Henry Wigan, Esq. George Gillott, Esq. Edmund WIilder, Esq. Dinner on table at 5 o'clock predsely. Tickets, 21s. each, may be had at the office of the Charity, 4, Dowgate-hill, city; and at the bar of the tavern. C. J. ROWSEL:l Secretary, 4. Dowgate-hil, citv. ][0OYAL INFIRMARY for DISEASES of the MqJA CHEST. City-road. Patrons-Her Majesty the QUEN and HMisRoal HghnesePrineo ALBEItT. Plresident-The Right Hon. the Esrl of SHAFTIIS!BURy Treasurer-Geo. G. G} Esq., Lombard-street. The ANNIVERSARY DINN of the friends of this Charity il be held at the London Tavern. Bisheosgate-street, on Thursday. the 24th of April, THOMAS BARING, seq.,.iWP.,inthe chair. STEWARDS, Right Hon. the Farl of Ripon Sir James Duke. Bart., LP. Baron Lionel de Rothschild, 3.P. Gurney Hoare, Eq J. P. AndrF, aEq. John Jay, Esq. Travere Buxton, Esq. John Reast, Esq. IL H . Briggs. Esq. John Lane, REq. Thomas DI. Challis, Fsq. Solly Lister, Esq William Carter. Esq. William McCulloch, rq. John Drewett, Egq. Samuel Mloores, Esq. Dr. Davies H. T. Sturge, REq. Henry Davies, Eq. William Sturge, Rsq. Horacse DobeDl. Esq. T. Tespe, REq. H. W. Elder. Eq. H. Teape. Egq. James Esdaile. Esq. Richard Till, REq. EdwardEsedaile, Eaq. John Ingram Travers, Esq. Roberzt W. Fowler,REsq. W. C. Yenning,Regq. H. W. Foote, Esq. Frederick- Wiltshire, Esq. Robert Fisher, Rsq. George . Wiltshire, Eq. Richard Gibbs. Req. Alfred Walker, REo. Richard Grace, Req. William Walker,, Req. James Goren, Req. Thomoz YaUop,Esq John Gregory.Resq. Dinner on table at 6 o'cock preclo On this occasion it is earnestlho that a numerous asemblage of thebenevolent will rallyround ehon.genUeman,who basso geeroul come forward in a time of urgent neeo and give h to a charity which has been establshd in the metrtolis near haf centry-many yeas before any institution of this sad existed in this country-and which, with very slender funds, bas ahreadydone o much to alleviate human suffering inone of ib most intense nd diressing forms. ROPT. , iRerp.ol-tSrTace. ,Scngreay rrEo the BENEVOLENT.-Owin to the sudden T death of the late Mr. Hutchison, wlo wws conduceing a highly respectble practice as a surgeon at Donincton, n2ear SPalding, in the county of Lincoin, his widow and 12 children are left utterly tmprovided for. br. Hutebinson was in the prime of life, and was universally respected for his courtesy, ability, and integrity. Consinoed that there are numbers who are ever eady generouily to contribute in aid ofthe reallynecessitous, the followinggentlemenAPpEALit conadeuce to the public on behalf of the widow and the fatherless -The Right Elon. the Earlof Yarborough; G. P. Heneace, lBq., i'.. Christopher Tnzmor, Req., A.Boucherett, R8q., theRight Hon.C.T1D D - court, the Rev. H. 1F. Hodgeen, the Ire. G0. B. Yard, JOsePh GIeodstsq -all acting magistrates for the county of Lincoln : the RM..Mac lean, Vicar of Caistor; th Re.3. Grenside, Vicr of Doningion. Subscriptions wil be reoeived by theRev. H. Msclean,Vicar of Caietor Mr. Jamnee G. Dixon, Caistor :;Lr. 0. E. Mrrie, R.ron,r~erMrMWrangbsrn surge,rgby, Secretary; .alo at tbe different banks in the county; ad at the bank of Smith, Payne, nd St, Lombard-steet, Lonon. on aount of the Lncoln BanL-Wragby,nC Linooln. 4th Anril. 1856. r.TH 1THASALL TESTIMIONL4..-Present&tion JL Dinner.-The testimon ia o Dr. Haseali wil be pTesented to him at a PUBLIC DINNER, at Freemaons'-halI on Wedneday, the imd inst., at half after 6 o'clock, at which Lord Visromt EBRINGOT , The Committee request that those who desire to attend the dinner wll communiUcate their intention to the Secretaries before the 18th inst.oxow8o8DK,f;C^na Ticers 2 RAYMND S DAIIEL, Mi Oxo., fSee. CormmtteeoRoorm,Freemaon'.haUl April11, ISS6. A NEW DISTRICT CHURCH inSt. MARYLE. BO.NH-The Rector of St.1Maylbone andeomeolUs influential pariahioncrs have been able tO secure the offer of ground, formerly the site of Cahlnel-buildings, and a house in Orchard4street, for the erection of a new church, and are now actively engged in arrangements for procuring funds to carry the object into effect. The difficulty of obtaining sites in populousneighbourhods covered with houses makes1 It most Important to secure the grund now offered, and SUBSIRIMTIONS are beingxeceivedby Sir Samuel Scott andCo., of Cavendish-square, and communication will be gladly received by the Rector, at 11. Upper Wimpole-street, or by the Honorary Secretary, Mr. Gooroe H. Wiliams. 19, Margaret-street, Cavendish-square. Au onthCeAIPAIGNin-the oRIfMes-The important T ECEOEL' CTION' o f WAaO-LO UR D HAVING S, by emin ent Hurrianet in Cap-h Loeanof the rnc-alkaa covered with Snowv-Views of the Batteries. and important Incidents connected with the late War.-114,; ew Bond-street. q0 the COLLECTORS of NATTRAL HISTORY. -A rar-, opportunity present. itself for obtaining very choice SPECIENS~in cnseqenceof the death of M1r. WViliamns, so well known as natualis Apply t 155, Oxford-street. AD CHAMBER ORGAN WANTED, plying H sacred tunes. It must be inl goDd condition, and modewraa pric. Apply by letter, with list of tunes and size of organ, to Mr. Ciibeon, . Trunp-street, city. ,irODELLING in IBATELER.-Console T&abes, S. Girandoles, Glasses, Cabinets, houldings, Pnnels, Pole Screes, 1t, most elaborately and substantially mounted, in perfect irnitation of oak carving. For inspection at the ranfasor, 13, Soho-squnre, and at the 80hn Bazaar. counter 127. Amateurs supplied with proper msaterias, and a " Book of Plain Directiona"-. H. Gilbertpubli'edby Simpki and Co., forwarded post free for 13 stamps.
BOAIRD and RESIDENCE 35, weymontb.street, Bportland-place--There is a VACAkCy in tbi5 etablhisieot for xmarried couple. single lady, orgentleman. RWe nmrenee,,rd. B0O RD.-aSsaide and Country, three hours from sWOtrehacdaciS31May. letters, ost paid,0-.3jc:l Hlotel.EHomborn. wilbeforwarided andTrsueive early attention. BOARD)andLIODGI-NGS, wih all the COMfort- of Ba-hme for a mnarried couple, or ladies or gentlemen, Uarge airyr rooms, clos to Knrington-gardeas and 1Hydempark, 0on reasonable SermLu Apply tomr. Rersnews gen%Zr0mptoU-r0w B maenRcaDn be0 accommodated with the above in a sua' eienlmode. BTIIAR andREINC nishedbedroom. sutbefor a naedco twbthr.Apply for addrms to Mr. Brow,boele.1, ihobn. - oMus e. rc -sbtd.e Address B. Gs,. post- B :OARD) and RESIDENCE, Eaig t j "paric.-There are VACANCIES inua establishment, eonducte on awsale of liberality situate in this mnuch admired and healthy locality. Terms mod2erate. Itefereces r0quked.-A4 Jaineastrect, l5nt-kingbain_gate. eight doors from the Palace. Apply by ietter to 0. X., 21, Sonthamnpton-buildiugs, Chrancery.lane. t-rftreuces exchanged. 1)OARD snd RESID)ENCE.-:_There are VACAN-. RI CIER in a highly respectable establishmoent, near Hyde-park and kennsington-gardeona, forain2arriedcouple ora slingle lay orgentlensa,. Termamroderate. Address C. B., pestofllce Lithe Suseex-place, Hydej. isark-gardens. BOAR]) and RESID)ENCE.-_A youg lady ~wishes Bto meet with one or two young ladies, or' a lfi and gentleman, who willBSlDE withbher, inDlerbyshime 1f preferred, 6apart or th-e whole of her house will be let fummished. Apply to ?,ilss autchinson, Whittington, Chesterfield. BOAR]) and RESIDENCE, Fitzroy 31ansion.-. Ma-dies, gentlemen, andfamilies are invited to this establishusent. The arrs,gemnents are mnost comfortable, and terms moderate. lArge and small bed rooms . private sitting rooms.--41 and 42 Upper Charlotte-street. itzroy-square. conductedbyllmrs WAGNfER. B OARD and RESIIDENCE REQUIRED, by-ma JLPmiddle-aged gentleman, in the neighbourhood of Pzmmroee-IilI or the Reyent'pak.The bDard may be of the plainest kind, but the bed room must be large and a-Is. Terms at the rate of 50 gneas a, year. References exchanged. Address Q. E. D.. poet-office. Bihto.. J:OAR]) andRESIDENCE.-In a spacious 'house, BL situate iu the best part of CIspham, ladies, gentlemen, emn. famili,es are offered softsciety, aL liberal table, and erery domestiz oDmfort. A capital garden,ext-ensivepleasureVgrunds,coach houses aLnd stblng attached to theestablishment. Omnibusespassthedoor. Address to A. B., 6i, Ring W-ilim-street. city. edoennibuses. TerMa1L. eweel, including breakfast. The most undeniable referenoes canbe given audwinlbe required. Apply at~ 7, Chesterfieid-place Bath-reed, Peclsham. IJOAR])and LODGINGareOF~EEag ltemnn, JLPof quiet habits, who would appreciate a kind and superior home, on Surbiton-hilL, one of the mnost health spots in Swrre, 10 reles from 7London,. and within a few mninutes wal Of the railway station. Terms £5) per annum. Addres 3 B. . postofIlce, New-town, Kingston-upon. Thames. Anminvalid not objected to. IOAR]) andl RESIDENCE are DES_IRIED by-a lay ihher maLid (for whom she would require a separate bed rm.ina family receiving afew inmates iccadily or theimmediate neighboux-hoedwould be preferred. Answers, pecifying number Of inmates, hours of mneals, and terms per week, to be addresse to V. P., care Of a-tv. 1, Raymond King, chymnist, Bath. O R ,&c.-A professional gentleman, residing B vihi fe minutese walk- of Hyde-parl, would be glad to receive part of ondo witin wo mnute' wak ofthehouse. Apyto BOAR]) and RSIDENCE.- married ole yan, occpyng cmmoios hus, stutein a pleasant an etb isa-rio the contry, imuleefrmtown, esiresto BRECEA into his famlyaLAD orGENLEIAS.whomaye i qustof a summer or oreperanet ums Ifdesre acommdatoncould be furgarensan grund. oac-huseandstbligufreuird.Address OUOGNEB-G. HOWE, Enlih Restaratell; B '..PKs.L1, 63, 93, and 103 Grande rue, LESPRIVATE APART)IENs'TS, large and small. for failies. Established 1.2 years Letters pree-paid. B 3OULOGNE-WANTED, by a widow, with -a nurse and tbree children, of the ages of 3, 6, and 9, BODARD aud LO,DGING in arespectable family at Boulogne. A school not objected to. Terms must be moderate. Address, pDstplaid, to MB., 33, Albert-. stTeet, Camden-town, London. -RIGHTON.-BO0ARD and RESIDENCE, a~tthe JLP elet etabishmnt~Osbrnehous, 9, GaudParade, over- IMfS., as above. IZRIGHTON.-ALBERT BOARDING-HOUSE. JLI a1 German-place, Marine-parae.-Mr. and Mtrs. HEWLYITT solicit teattention or ladies andl gentlemnen to the above establish. ment. Board andIlodging, including attendance, one persnperweek, XI IIs. 6d., or per day, OS. 6d. ; large rooms for two persons, XLOSs. Fri. sate apartmentsm iI'o.12Zthe adjouingbhouse,if required. ji~IGHON.A HME orCHIILDREN o h JL.Fhibehdi ca ssesrequirnset famiry, rein d ueior mason i h fromlthe agesofoneinout tv ears.o govefort, nurestan eer nsuitable accoeodtion. Itefera'nce To mienatmedia Ren and eclrgyen. Address toS. C . l, care of Mr. BWating% SBarhoones ARSTINGOABARD anRSDRESNCENCEf mayfrs the bedsoad in Parisus. quidetdfmiy, residingroindsai pleasante and thmshealthypprtofrhtoft.hEery lihomecomert wThrmtheb atmoaeknd excanged. Add ressto S. 19,ru post-offriceastings, Sussex AGENTLEMAN can be RECEIVED as partial or Awhole BOARDER, in the private house of a highly respectable family, who are cheerful and musical. Situation near the beat pert uf Oxford-street. A fore-lim gentleman would find it a mogt desirble home.-O.P.. Mr.M1anwell's. stationer. Wardour-street, Oxford-street. V ISITORS to ~LONDON-68 , MOrtimer-street.-_ Wel-aredRES,good Breakfat, and Sitting Boom, for 4s. a day i alare riatewet-ndhouse, heathily situate, near Regent. stret.A lrgebedroom for amLarried couple. Suitable forladies LI OM OFFRED, near Xensntngres- kR ldy,of ood amiy ad psitin, esiousof a-residence in the fashonale artof ybunia fo th sesonor a longer period, can derae exense by ddresin a lne, re-pid, o A.B.,post-office, D3ERMANENT BOARD) andl RESIDENCE may LX be obtaied in a Tespectableprivato family, where the comforts of a home may be secured, twro ladles sisters or friends, Or aL married couple, also a single lay. Situation delightful and partcularly heathy. Use of pony and carriaLge. References given andirequired. Address to A. Z_. post-office, CDDmbe, near Pewwey, Wilts. A Plasmit HO E.-ladya meberof the Church or to siter, toRISDE wth er, n aspacious mnln rt occuy prt f ahoue adoinng,chiflyfor the rk fsial Lirr,Broinpton. A HOMNE in GERMANY.-A comfortable HOME .7-is OFFEEIED, in a pleasant healthily-situate town in South Glermnany, to young ladies wishWI; to perfect themselves in Gernma and to sce the country or to ladies wi.shing for a comfortable home on mnoderate terms. The highest referencescranbe given. For further particulars apply at Mr. Thimnils, German bookseller, 3. Brook-street. Grosfrenior-square DOMESTI HOME s OPENto a imarried A.. oupe, wdowr, o wiow, ithtwoor thre children, in a pro-rae amiy.Thereideceis 0 ile fomLondou,inahealthyls. caliy te roms re lrgeand oft, w th leasure grounds. coachke. Trms ommesurat wit thesuperior and exclusive arrangnsets ffeed.Appl byleter o Cpt.B., post-offimo, Twirken. l~'RM-OUS BORD ndRESIDENCE RE.12 UIlED,in ahigly espetabe pivatfamly,by a single gen. tleran ngaed i th ciy duingtheday,disantnomore than 10 or 12 ile frm ondn, nd itin 0 mnuts'walkof arailway station, theterinu ofwhih t beeiter ondn-bidg orFenchurch-street. Addess sttin ful prtiulas, o A B. fistfloor, 4S, Moorgate WIDOW LADY, highly connected, wishes, owing A wtOUnfoesen cieumtaines,to meet with a lady. of good b h e r~~~~e. This adrertisment a-yong adyra ersn fnde frendly a 'iet. a th aderise Ofen ecevesathom an ses nnebut persins oth getrespectability, both Engisadoeg.Theoadvrertieewibeto meetweith a6 lady whompcnaymeu r ui ciently ample to render the arrangement an avnaeu n obt parties. Unexceptionable references given and rqie.Adest A. Z., Wilson's, stationer, 37, W igmore-street. aeds-qae HJOME for THREE CHILDREN WANTED), within 10 milles of London. Address (. 0., 10. Trnmeg-street, 1J YDROPATHY.-witOR-ePatest iearrFaemenin DaL urry,tableemIw frorntheCa tmpatAldebott. andfrmrlyE aREsEIdEncS o SiraWiliam Testpleiandmeanto Swifeethysiciay appointment Only, at their residences in loondou or elawhere. By thir. txtensively unseful agent, aided when needful, by the latest discoveries Innmedicins. diseases, whether recent or of long standing, war effectually eradicated fromnthe system. LU'AIRFORDI RETREAT, Flairford, Glocestershire. J'-The above establishment has been successully conducted upwards of 30 years It has now a6 few VACANCIES for niVALIDS of both sexes mentallyr amUct.d. TrulTmsrymoderaWe Particularsobug obtained by appliction to Mems. les The issopeetoms a T AMON FISHING, carfuljPesrve fr mnyseas,ForusRkimlrapply to Mr. A. G- ROUSE SHO OTING.-Swvalednle, Yoriishyre-To~ be IboEI= for such term as saitlbe arduo.the-well kown And excellent GROUSE MOORS, called'9the ReId or Ifniker MLOOrs situate at the heed of'Swaledale, in the Nonth-Riding of the county of York. adjoining to and bounded by the strictly p eserved moors of Lordade Grey,-%Vhaimdliffe. andLonmadae,and Sir cihardTulton,and others Thesem7oora havebeen in the occupation of Mr. Osbaldeston, the late Sir Richard Hutton, and other distinguishedl sportsmen, andL have long enjoy,ed a high reputation. They have been carefully presserved and willcarry four guas. There isa shooting box adoining,thd grud which win accmmnodate four or fiveXctl~emeu. There lax brnc to Richmond from the North-Eastem FAiway. a-bout 2Dmis firom the moors. Terms and further particulars may be known on Vp=leto to Messrs Langhomne and Tomlin, solicitors, Richmond. FPO ANGLERS.-OIHARTES FARLOW, 191. kBgtrand.nanufatduroerfsperior PISHl2lGRODBandTAKcwvYE at moderate Prices Wewcatalogues gratIs. jM~AJR7JEES,ents,and Rickelotbh- for SALE or ApplrWMH.IGGOTF, 115, For-street,city. 7rlAJNKE'D NETTING, for the protection of fr-uit JL. tre rmfrost, blight. and birds. at Id. per sqarem yard: 200 yards 14s.: 508 yards, 3Os. ; 1,000 yards. 50s. : smrim cuansefor wall fruit.-RDGINGTOh aaid Co., 49 Ring WiAllam-street, ILondon. bridge: 17. Smithfield-bars, city; Old Kent-reed: and Poplar. rT ERMAINATION of the WAR.-A large quan[tity X of CA2,AS3 CLOTHS, suitable for rick cloths, waggon cloths, and other purposes (made for shipient to the Crimea). to be SOLD at greatly reuced prices. Apply, early, to BEI.AMNEGIGO marqunee, tent, anad sick cloth manufactory, 2, Dake-street, SoutJsw-aek opposite the BrghtonRailway. MET toeffctullyvotct he losomof wall fruit trees from frot ndblgh. ad herie rui atewadsfrom wasps sad dies 7d. per quae yad, nvaionsidta. Al kndsof garden, fishing, and she~net. mae hmachneranda veylowsics- a RICHboD. 50, 1,Tnb-'geplc, ewrod Rngs-rA. B.Tnents
-A P RTAINTS,unfurnithed, near CIapbam- Flurnished, itt thte sIrivate house of anTrror including attenla'mce, l2s per week. timnib sparthedoor AdAesa7, Charlotte-rous, Wnlwortb.road. near 4 PARTM NTS, LFnjs -eto be LLT, a, hand£L soe drwingroomwith two roed s suitable for two gentleMen T~Tfl5 .OdlOhC.Addresit.M. T., 21, Upp.2r P,auelagh-atreet, row,Ilnrn AYARTME~ TS, Furished, for a sinjgle gentleman , in he es pat o te city: a sittig roo -n5t bd room adijoin. tog wih acherfl vew f he Thae, Rent 15. petr week. For addrss aply o Mr Pag. Loutiseer, 3, Clema.-,trvet. wits'. --.0 be LET: a DRAWING penrsurweek tenac 1includeI Apply at 40_1, Mount-street, Groes- - A A.R1~IETS,Woburn-place. Hus2cil-sqtsare.- 3TO be LE.Funshd a DRAWING ROOM5. wilts three or four Beet Roomns. Terms morae Careds of a.Idrsss of Mr. Reid. 1.5, Berrand-street, Rusl-sur. .A VAKT3ENTS,, Furuished.-Ai handsomie threesC.M windowed DRVAI,NG QOM, Bed and Dressing; Roomis, en Sante. ferSeguinea, Per annum. Extra bed coos if required. Also 'Ground lloor, with offices. furnished or uufairiiished Apply to 35, 3)"hPe-street, S~t. jams?os's AP-ARTMENTS WANTED, Furnishted - a front Aks sitting roomu on the ground itoor.'and two snoli bed rooms, Ca--es-street, learliamenet-atreet. e ck-.I,ps-fie .AYART31ENTS.-~A lady and her daughter, hvn &-]a larger house than they require in arsetbenihorod -twO mile Surrey side fLno-rde ol cowolt gente Mnn engaged in the iedrngtedywha 'IORanBED ROO. Aplyto . H. 1). raflga-rod.Old Kent-road. .APARTMENTS REQIRED, ill two or threec We , ata frm-ous. aoutan hoiir's jn-frney from Lon.don, andvrynera rlwayromnbes.for a 5mall family, who require thebeefi O l.reair R..for about one to three months. Near a good own ouldbe pefcrred. Address, stating terms. Jkc., to GAV., Astlaio-eambrs,52,Graccchureh-street. A PART3IETS, newly and handsomnely Furnished, .C~ n th neihbouhoodof Ru:sell-square, co:npring dining, draing ad treeorfou be roms: or a 5511e of rooms in the din* cand drawing roo ion.,seatly The rooms are large and ai ry, and the liouse is pleasa ty imae Appl h Itetr toeD. D., at APA.WTIME S, Furnished, for Genitlemen- bd ,.iA. ro oal. ra double bed room, at 12s., withi the use of handsOni sitin romiaa crer atpriatefamly.A private sitting room, if equred OnthehIh rad,leaingto heCrystal Palace. With goodganen.Theuseof pano IfmuscaLWithin hailf an hour's walkof he ity Adres Dela,Mesrs.Eveettand Son's, 17, Royal A PARTMENT7S, Fuirnishied-a B3ed Room and 21 Brakfat Rom, with parlous,, handsomely furnished if re'mird, n te mst penand healthy part of .IRsston, within live minues'walkof he NrthLonmdon. Railroad, antd three minutes of Omniusest te wet ed or Clapton and Stamford-hill, while omonibuss pss he oortothe city morningr andI evening. A good garden. Ia-rt moerat. Adressby le-tter A. XV, p0,1-office, Kinorslan. A .PA TMENS, Frnishd, a a dtachd cottage, in te iomay-rasl whre terein vey lrgegardez, consisugol nesttiuandto bdroos, site fortwobrothers or frieds ega dfromhom durng te da, Aconchi-house and staole can e lt wih te aove.Omnbuss pas eery10 miniutes to the cay nd esteast Tems odeate.Forparicuarsapply to H. EL. 'URNISliED APARTAMENTS, suitable for a F L'nobltmesu or member of Parliamcut.!-5, Vigo-street, Regent. street. * UR-NIHED AI'ARTAIENTS-z handsomely furnsh sttin roo andtwo bed rooms, at one guinea per w.eekr, to tw etee nae u.Apply at 24, GuiiUford-streel, Russellsquare. 1URNISHED APARTMENTS NWANTED, b~y a FL'ay and gentleman, without family-sitting, bed, anid dresoing roms. Neighlbourhood of WVestbounre-terrace, Termus not to exceed P5s. per week. AddreoA.7-. Sr. lI-nson's, 22. King's-road. Gray's-inn. - R SHEDA-PARTMENTS, Camden-town, in a FprRivNate family, with board if required. Centlemen preferred. Addres A. K.. rare of Mr. Trimmer, post-offlc, 6, Birecknock-terrace, Camlden-broadway. Camden-town. * I'URNISHED APARTMENTS, for single contdo. Fmen_-Two friends enube accoasmodated with a PARLO1.Mand TWiO lED ROOMIS.for l6t, per weelk. within an easy walk beth ofthe -city and west end. Apply to A.K, 34.HMuter-street. llrunswick-sq. ~URNZISHEDA.PARTM.NE.NTS.-~Agoo.-sized BEDFRGOO to be LET. with use of sitting room, lincludinag boot cleaning, attendance, linen, lie,, for Gs. perweel-, in Brompton-row,Brompton. Apply to IL, Gumrngs library. Bre,npton. L'URNISHED APARTME-NTS, Percy-circus, PenFtensile-a drawing roons floor, with extra bed rooms Ii requnired -allof good sie, and replete with comfor5. Good attendance. Terms very moderate. Apply at No. 25. FURNISHED APARTMENT'S.-To be LET, in a Fleading thoroughfare at St. John's-wood, a DRAkWING ROOM FLOOR, in the house of a, wldo.r lids', suitable f,,r a gentleman. Evely attention to ensure a comfortable homie. Address S. P., 14, Wellington-terrace. or alply. URNIS EDAP RTIVINTS,Charing-cross.-~T_o INGS, for single gentlemen. Apply at Mrx. WVhite's, 4, Hungerf ordstreet. Charing-cross.- FURNISHED APARTM1-ENTS--drawingz ro-oms Fand bed rooms-suitable for gentlemen or a small family, can be bad, together or separately, on very reasonable terms, Kitchen if required. No other lodgcrs or children. Large garden.-239, MaidaTale. M-aida-hiil. FURNISHED APART1MENTS, of a superior Forder. in the house of an unmarried professional man, near Hydepark and Grosvenor-square; well adapted fora.gentlemanor two friends deesiou or accomm'sdation in this first-rate locality. For sards of addres apply at 55. South Audley-street. Grosvenor.ssIuare. IWUR-NSHED PARTAENTS,in a small quiet JL'famly~N-oo'hr ldge On ortwogentlemnen would find them a great acmelisition, whohase businessin the city. WVithin afew doors of Re tnbeircusi, Portland-place. For particulars apply to A., 124, 1URNISHED APARTINENTS.-BloomsburyFIL sq-zse.--Atarge well- ro rtioned DRAUENG ROOM1 and T WV o p'e E oo IS adoeyadsubstantially Furnihed3iZ private house,ofwihnote part is let. Apply to Ha.mmond and Rioart. house agents,2IS. Chancery-lane, FURNISHEDAPARTMENT.-A lady and ,n tiemn, ithut amiy. esiingnthir wn OUSEF (whict has justbee nely pintd ad paere), n on ofthebest streets near Fitzoy-quar, wsh t LE PAR ofit-te oroos and two lare bd roms fr te saso orloger onrea"naletermas. The addrss ay b lernedat r. Brbe's,upholsterer, 5S, Upper FTURNNIFSNIEE APART1MNENTS W -VNTE-) orn permyannybyaldad gentlem an,an to wfe cousttoouagoa Ittn roomr adbdro,staewtiamlandndreBdRo-i aaiu aose Thaleo Cnaing-borhoso Ther usenof apand a lbrecommendtgion,L andea lodging-houldse object-o V-add . dress,wih A.l patCular as toutermsrper qisuatry.inligated U TNLFURNISHED-ToARTMENT, o WArNTE inthe th r ie neigborq.EoodEGHL oCahm-adrLODGEkwfflkAddleasanptrticuars pr-pad, t A.Iither Maccl',m 4 ingteSaio.nth Wilam-street t~J a gntlean ad hi wife, without Ofamily aDrawcnssingRoom off- ingin. Cnonb Payddr Hihkur preferrerp.rthiswuldr beplfor U XFURNSHED.-o be L T,So terme ofEThree or fve yars,EASTBEJIHOLTLOMEm,erSofok Paleamantlya lfr.Jam s Joseln, un.,of tratordSt.Mary Sufol.Bent,sae RAWFUNISREDanARTBENT tOObS LET ied )Eato2-sHART-S eTlEETa,fhacfing a~largermRsIDN-ry- thane herqArs wisesLOU Lto ae FitT,O to a emor onfuPriament. aer ciymecant.o otherhighl ro especdtabl partyre Thed aoartmentstw aren Couh-hstn enagent sLobdon ifureqirteda. Applyeto Mr. Benet, 10Gesate augenl-t.re er,Bomnsturee.lt-Je's nea?roaeroms,e rwits Fof partour wihoMwtotlatal kad-A 6tre, Lsob Cotae,euens-ea,Destn 7o-sea.neto Mayfainrepesn -IWANTOeg-uitta.inghoomfndrwoeorithreebeoromsn b twoganentlmneggdi odndrn h a,Address J.r P.hpma.1HntigdGreatse B la be te s LET,T O Slig tiFLOORS,nit an s attndt e. othrhch'sanihnest.furtworkshopd, inthuuppermerpart fm odse. naear Paerostherl-grow.Fopatclr applyD .toR Mhr. ibayaers terJe amdx-Moad NillsTRE icdll. eLT D be.LFurnished, plaaGROU FituaRe Sitting1me ioftom. and twoBe Adrooms. Terms Aldexat(er-plw. . armtonI.Blkmes.gor,C. r I-teT, MWayfair. tAidi mr teUPE C APA,TSSf2TH. urn:ivheod-prlouorsadraingcroom, withinthree 3nie'lswalneouiFenacahurifperweek. withscooking andt atendancluie. toAd dresseMrs toCYapma, Mr. Bntiron` Hous bidee. l-edrod th ed Roomso the useo aofe i a Sittin Rooupian at prvtend Ba loncee,ain thehalthiesthepsrtvfmdn-toarwkpt Adermssverymode rate,s othbral7 lodigsters tApl Suo x11. 5en. ihyrds' ibary,5 uens terace CamenrodY dEiaTEsE. A wdwldvrsd beryneT. mtst plasiadn-tly Pituate, wthin 0 mils ofTown, andy 10B ROinuteowl ofET owinibuse and rai.in referncesl gariven band rqired. rie.-N hde.Address C,5.3 lxne-lace. .1 Brspae,.~.I- -- TIOHOUSEHOLDERS witliin three minutes' To walk of st. Paur'._-W%AleT9s, a SLEEPIN-G ROOM only, for 'four or six young men, as extra accommodation for a city boise, letters (only), aeddressed I'l5 Ward r,nd Co.. 21', Paternoster-row, st.ating terms and accommo~dation TODGINGS fo GENTLEMEK-For 5s. ior wveekc, BLACKE~TH~~FUNISHD APARTMNENTS to b LE-a rawig rom nd bd rom,insquiet family, The houseis vry plnanly stuate nea St. ohn' chuch, cloe to the A TRADEMAN, i the bet partof High-street, £~Clapsrn. hving alargerhouse han hereqIuires, is wvilling to LET a lage SITTNG ROOM nd BED OOM, well Furnishied lunll erant' oomifreqird),wih ue f hitchen, and other consenencs, la eaonalo emueraio. Cildersobected to. For DARS.-o e LT, URISHED APART- 1IATON-SQUARE.-A gentleman, through a chance EU.4in hig family, having amuch larger HOUSEin this fashionagie square than he requires.would be happy to SHARE it witlls a nobleman or member of Parliament. It can be takcen for a term. unfurnislied,. with con-ch-house, and four-stall stble. To beviewed by appointment only. P,articularTs to be obtained of Mir Thees. Berry, auction, estate. ard ous agncyolfce, , Hlki-steet Hye-park-corner. (~EFIES t be L T-a uiteof rooms, at IT, Llrahm-tret,Guidhlt Rnt tIl)per annum. Apply to SIr. D.Rugher, outhepreonthespemise, TEICESrER-SUARE, iNo. 44.-To be LET, most LidesirAble OTMICES toef5ther withb, or separate. Furniished Apart.
I From the LONDON GAZETTE of Friday, April 11. LORD CfNAMTERLADNIS-OFFTOR Ar-AP>. 9 Notice is hereby given that the Levee announced to be held on Wednesday, the 16th inst., will be held on Tuesday, the 15th i sst. he Cards for presentation should be sent to the Lrd Chamberlain's-office on Saturday, the l2th inst., by 12 o'clock. At the Court at Buckingham Palace, the 9th day of April, PseFent- The QUEEN'S Most Excellent Majesty in Council, Her Majesty having been pleasid to appoint the Right Hon. Francis, Earl of Ellesmore, to be Lord-Lieutenant and Custos Rotulorum of the county palatine of Lancaster, his Lordship this day took the oaths appointecl to be taken thereupon instead of the oaths of allegiance and supremacy. (To be substituted for the notice which appeared in the GaUette of April 8, 1S56.) FOREIGN-OFFICE, MsRCHs 10. The Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint George Fagan, Esq., now paid Attachl to Her Majesty's Legation at Naples,to be Secretary to Her Majesty's Legation to the Argentine Confederation. WHITEHALL, ArR1n 9. The Queen has been pleased to appoint George Skene Duff, Esq., to be Lieutenant and Shtriff Principal of the Ehire of Elgin, in the room of James Duff, Esq., resigned. APRIL 11. The Queen has also been pleased to present the Rev. David Landoll to the church of the united parishes of Auchtergaven and Logiebride, in the presbytery of Dankeld and shire of Forfar, vacant by the death of the Pev. Edward Place Dewar, late minister thereof. CROWN-OFFICE, APRIL 10. MEMBERS returned to serve in PARIJAJWENT. Borough of Chippenham. Robert Parry Nisbet, of Southbroome-house, in the ounty of Wilts, Esq., in the room of Joseph Neeld, Esq., deceased. Borough of Ennis. John David Fitzgerald, of Merrion-square, in the city of Dublin, Esq., Her Mfajesty's Attorney-General for Ireland. THE ECCLESTASTICAL COMMISSIONERS. By an order in Council, dated April 4 inst., Her Majesty has be en pleased to ratify a scheme for conveying the hereditamnents and premises set forth in a schedule attached thereto (exceptmssg the right of ecelesiastical patronage), subject to certain rights therein specified, of the rectory of Stanton Harcourt and the ebapelry of Southley, in the diocess of Oxford, from the Bishop of Oxford and his successors to them, the said commissioners. And by another order in Council of the same date, Her Majesty has been pleased to agprove a scheme of the said commissioners, recommending that the annlual suni of 1501., payable by the said commissioners to the Archdeacon of York, shall be increased to the sum of 1801. And, by another order in Council of the sme date, Her Majesty has been pleased to approve a scheme retominended by the said commissioners, that until 'he next vacancy of a canonry in the cathedral church of Lichfield there shall be paid by them to the Archdeacon of Stafford for the time being the annual sum of 1101. And, by another order in Council of the same date, Her Mfajesty has been pleased to approve a scheme of the said commissioners for the conveyance by them, the said commissioners, of certain lands, tenensonts, &c., in them vested, but heretofore belonging to the dean and chapter, to any person or persons desirous of purchasing the same. COMMISSIONERS FOR BUILDING CHURCHES. By orders in Council dated April 4 inst., Her Mfajesty has been pleased to approve schemes of the Commissioners for Building Churches-firstly, for the forming of a consolidated chapelry for the church of St. James at Idridgehay, in the parish of Wirlcsworth, in the diocese of Lichfield; and secondly, for forming a consolidated chapelry for the church of St. John, at Rownhlams, North Baddesley, in the county of Southampton, in manner and form as in the said schemles set forth. BURIAL OF THE DEAD. By an order in Council, dated April 9 inst., Her Majesty has been pleased to order that powves be vested in the town-council of Ripon to provide places of burial for the towusships of Ripon and Aisinunderby-with-Bondgate, as in the petition of the said town-council prayed for. COMMISSIONS Signed by the Qusisur. fth or Royal Elthome Light Infantry Regiment of Middlesex Militia-William Bell. gent, lte Lieut. and Ad. 61th ecgt., to be Adj., from the 27th Feb. 1856. vice Port, resigned. By the LoRDLirEurTmrA?cr of the County of Lfltcoas. The Lord WVorsley to be Deputy-Lieut. RBoal North Lincoln Militia-lRichard James Carey Elwes, Esq., to be Capt., nice GOabuse, appointed to a Cometcy 2d Diagoons, B3- the LoRD-LvUTrrENAS,T of the County of ofusniourTr. Royal MonmouthshireMfilitia.-James Eyres Cowvard, gent., to be Assistant-Surgeon. 'By the LortD-LcxvET As.-r of the County of Nosrorc. 1st or Western Regiment of Norfolk tilitia.-Ensign Charles Woodman Eastwood to be Lieut_. vice Cubitt, appointed to the 5th Fusileens By the LocR-LT:rTn-Ar?T of the County Palatine of LAnCASTER. 3d Regiment of the Duke of Lancaster's Own Mtilitia-iHenry Constantine CoIgan, Esq., LD., to he Assistant-Surgeon, vice Beaney, resigned. 4th or Duke of Lancaster's Own (Eight Infantry) Royal Lancashire Misltia.-James Browne, gent., to be Ensign, vice Campbell,wpromotedL 6th Regiment of Royal Lancashire Uiatia.-John George Dolier Minchin, gent., to be Ensign. By the LoRD-Lirxuss.c-r of the County of Astorrstsirc Argyll and Bute m.litia.-Ensign GeorgeWV. R. Campbell to be Lncut., vice William Campbell. promoted. By the LosD-LIrEursnEA- of the County of Pfs.Tre. Per'hshire lBitia.-Oliver H. .Minchin, gent. to be Ensign. Stirlingshire, &c. Mli'tia, Highiand Borderers Light Infantry.-The resignation of his eommiscsion by Ensign Thomas Baird, after March 30, 1856, has been accepted. PABTSERSHIPS DLSSOLVED. H. Mertens and Co.. Apperley-bridge, Yorkshire, worsted dyers.- C. Gould, G. Checkland, and WV. Palmer, Leicester and Nottingham, coal merchants.-Ackermann and Co., Strand. printseler,: as far as regards H. Walton.-Berisford and Co., Bugliwton, Cheshire, silk manluacturers.-Rogerson and Andrews, Etor, cutlers.-E, and J. Greaves, Sheffield. cut nail manufaeturers.-E. and H Bernard, Sunderland. hardlwareesern-The Newsmill Co-operative Society.-Wilkitson, Rickhussa. and Toft. Shelton, Parian manufacturers.-Haworth, Snare, and Greenwood, Over Darwen, paper stainers.-W. Harrison and Co., LumIey, Durham, timber mercats.-G. Lesty and C. Ellis, Gray's-inn-square. law stationers.-Fryer and Wright, Nottingham wholesaledrapers.-Heath and Counor, Tuilerie-street, Hackluey-road. pork butchers.-Sandiford and Mloore, Accrington, johiers -J. Radcliffe and S. Redfern, Sowerby-bridge, Yorkshire, woollun manufacturers-Croft and Ashworth, Heekmoudwike and elsewhere, grocers. -TurnerandWhite. Bourton, Buckingbamshire. farmers.-G. Golding and R. Lyon, Liverpool, estate agents.-Thew an'd Co., Manchester, drapers.-W. and B. Thornhill, Walsall. grocer.-B. Barker and Co., Leeds, scribbLng miler.-Balley and Capeweli, Congleton, sik throwsters.-M. Brittan and Sons, BristoL solicitors ; as far as regards hf. Brittan.-F. Howarth and Co.. Middleton, cotton spinners. -ToddL James, and Co., John-street, Adelphi, wine merchants.-J. Hirst and Sons, Saddleworth andHucddersfield. clotis manufacturer, asfarasregardsV. L. Hirt.-Peat and Orrell, Lenton, makers of krnlittirgs.-H. Steele and Co., and J. Bland and Co.. Liverpool, timber merchants; asfaras regards H. Steele.-Paul and Dastis, London-street, and Jerez de la Frontera, wine merchants.-R. Jones and B.Brooks. Shatterford aud Stottesdcn. Salop. coUiers.-J. Dean and Son, Bilston, japanners.-Parry and Mace, LSverpool, photographic artists. DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. P.Edwards, Lower-street, ILirngton, iroinmonger-flrst div. of Sd., any Tuesday, at Mir. Nicholson's, Basinghali-street. J. F. Bentley, Welford, coal-merchant-first div. of 3d., any Tuesday, at Mr. Nicholson's, Basinghall-street. 'W. and F. W. Luster, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, and Southampton-row. Ruasel-square. jewel-case makers-first div. of 6d. and first div. of 16s. on the separute estate of W. Lister, any Tuesday, at MNr. Nicholson's. Basmnghall-street. WV. A. Rogers. Sutton, Surrey, licensed victuaUer-first div. of 2s. 4d.. any Tuesday, at Mr. Nicholson's, Rasinghall-strect. J. Simpson, Leeds, painter-first div. of 5s. 5bd., any Friday, at MEr. flope' eds. D. Day, Dewsbury, carpet manufacturer-first div. of Ss. 8dL, any Friday, at3Lr. Hope's, Leeds. G. Simpson, Church Fenton, Yorkshire, chicory merchant-first div. of 4s. Ild., any Friday, at Mr. Hope's. Leeds. Slater and Gau-roger, lebden-bridge, York, cotton-spiners-second div. of Old., any Friday, at Mr. Hope's, LeedLs. J. Gaukroger and Sons, Hebden-bridge. York, cotton-spinners--second div. of Is. 4d . any Fri(Lay, at Mr. Hows. Leeds. R. Dunn, Wakefield, cornfactr-fnail div. of lid. on the separate estate, any day, at Mr. Hope's Leeds. G. S. Wells, H1alifax, cotton-spinner-final div. of ld., any Friday, at Mr. Hope's LecmLq. G. Nelson, Leeds, upholsterer-first div. of is., any Friday, at Mr. Hfoe's, Leeris. J.Taglor, Hf alifax, wrsted-spiner-second div. of PlA, any Frilay, at Mir. Hope's Leeds. W. Ashiey. Liverpool, underwriter-first div. of 8s. 31db, any Wednesday, at Mr. Mergan's. Liverpool. W. Walter's, Chester, coal agent-second div. of lid.. and first div. Of Is. Od. on new proofs, any Wedlnesday, at Mr. Morgan's, Liverpool. 0. Johson, Liverpool, coal merchant-second div. of Is. 8d.. and first div. of 2s. on new proofs, any Wednesday, at Mr. Morgan's, Liver- J. Jones Chester, draper-first div. of 6s., any Wednesday, at xr. forzan's, Liverpool, C. and F. Peverellc, Birmingham, hardware dealers-first div. of Is. lId., any Thursday, at Mir. Christie's, Birmingham. BANKRUIPTS. Peter .feUish, New Bond-street, and Wardour-street, trunk maker, to surrender April 19, at half-past 12 o'clock, May 31. at 11, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, ,Mr. Cooper, Verulani-buildngs; official assignee. Mir. Ni1cholson, Basteghall-strest. John Joseph Draper. Wimbledon,victuaUcer, April 19, at 11 o'clock, May it, at 1Z, at the Bankrupts' Conrt: soldcitor, hMr. Chidley, Gresham-street; official assignee, hfrv. Nichbeon, Basmaghall-street. GeorgcHaslam, Bethnali-green-road, confectioner, April 18, at 11 o'clock, May31, at1I, at the Bankrupts' Court; solicitor. Mr. 3-crshall, Sion-college-gardsens; offlcial assignee, hfr.N;ichaison, BastnghaUlstreet. Georgc WViben, N;orthampton-street, Low er-road, lirensedi vitenuaUcr April 191, at 12 o'clock, M.ay 31 at haLf-past 11, at the Bancrapto' Geaurs solicitor, Mtessrs. Child anud Son, Cannon-street;- of ficial assignee, Mtr. Penne31, Guildhsll-chambers, Basignball-streetl WilliamnPRiclhard Drake, North Wal6ham, Norfolk, coacibuilder, April 21, at 2 o'clock, hlag 2X, at, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Mlessrs. auol, Turner, and mTener, Aldermaubury, and M.essrs. Miller, Sion, andBagg¢, orwich; olficial assignee, Mr. Graham. ,, eorj e IS :lons Fore-streetC Crpplegate,carpetbasmanufactirer, Aprl 18. at 12 o'clock. 'ray 24. at 11, at the Bankrupts Court; solici- tor, Mr. Jones, Qualty-court, Chancery-lane; official assignee, Mr. Cannan. Aldermaubury. Bernard Summers Ryder, Sough-street, orth, Gray's-inn-road, raper-staier. April 25, at half-part 2 oclock h May27 at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, i Ashiey, Old ewnr-; offcial assigne,-. Mr. Lee, Aidcenanbury. William Baker, Comberton, Cam hriidgeshire, blacksmith,April 22 t 2 o'clock, iMay 20, at 1, at the Banirupts' Court; solccitors, Iir S,lith, Furmcivul's-inn, Mr. Feed, Cambrid,ge; official assigne, Mr. FEdwvards. Sainbrook-street,BasnlgbalLs-steet. Charles Kidington Gill, (ALstle Iedingham, Dsex, chynist, April 24, hMay 22, at 2 oclock. at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. Chid- lev, Grehanm-street; offcial assignee. hfr. Johnson, B3aing-hall-street. Chasries Spenrer, Birmincham. draper, April 25, Stay 15, at lI o'clck, at the Birmisgicam District Coast of Bankrupley: solicitors, SIr. I-owett, Coveictry. M Tessrs. Msotteram and Knight, Birmingham; official rssignee, hfr. Bittleston, BirminghamM George William Vaters, Trowbs-dge, calrrier, April 22, Miay 20, atli o'Clock, at the Bristol District Coturt of Bankruptcy;- solictors, MEessrs. Heundedrsonn, t How ard, and Wicox, Bristol; offical assignee, Mr. William Jackson. Sneffield. brush mansufacturer, April 26, May, 31, at 10 o@clock. at the Leeds District Coiur of Bankruptcy. Sheffield, solicitor, Mr. Weslter, Sheffield; official assignee, r. Brewvin, Sheffield. Edward Rheam. Kingston-upon-Hun., currier, April 20, May 28, at 12eo'cbk. at the Leeds Dlistsrict Court of Bankruptcy, Itineston.upon- Hull; solicitor, IMr. Thoeney, Hull; official assignee, 1r. Carrick, Mccli. John Ostler, Kingston-upon-Hull, merchant, April 23, Mfay 28, at 12 o'clock, at the Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy, KinsSgon-upon. fles: solicitors, Messrs. Ho:den and Sons, and xr. Bell, Kingstonupon-Hell; official asaignee, Mr. Carrick, lull. JamesBuxton, Rochtle, cotton spinner, A il 24, ray 22, at 12 o'clock. at the Manchester District Court of kptcy; soiHctor1 Ir. Hardrman. Rochdale; official assignee, Mr. Hernamarn, 1anchester. DIVEDBNDS. May 2. A. Campbell. late of Regent-street, Westminstor.-ray G C -ossy andJ S tleel, S liw all, timber merchants.-May 3.J. G. and S.C G. P Zerkins, sea., Wcmord .court, T Fhrsemorton-street, eieckhroker -.-)2y2, J.2. Mi Dackey. S. HSelens-plac, mnerchant.-Siay 2 Rt. SEartin iced D.. SY cott, Great St. Helen's. merchants.-Yay: 2,G. B. Miedle sad W. Adm, Great Towver-treet and ebsewbere. under- wiwtnnrNAayZ 2, RousiBng, fleet-street, law boohzeller.-MayI, T, Yain, Albert- treet, Walworth engtneer.-Xay 2, W. Sims, late of S'. George's-square, Pimlico, builder.-May 2, B. R. Lawrence, Carslialton, alothecary.-May 23, T. Deans. Blackburn. draper.-May 5, T. KirkLam, Blacbura, spinner.-May 5, T. Staley, Stoc'port, grocer.- 3t y 15, G. Goodrich. Dnrsley. chymist.-May 2, A. Dempster. Liver-' pel utonemason.-May 5, J. Crippin and IV. R. Forster, Rock Feny nad ,iverpool, ferry propetors.-:£May 27, J. Pratt and C. Abson, Ctetkfor, York.shire, earthenware maunfarturers.-NMiy 27. J. Stead, lAeeE6, ecocer.-3Iay 2.J. Iki, 35irfield, Yorkshire, merchant.-May3, H. Parner, 0. Shore, J. Brewin. and J. Rodgers, Sheffield. bankers.- 31ay 3, G. Armitage, J. tranksh, W. Frankish, and T. Barker, Sheffiel .li,ey sprpgmanufacte. CERTIOATES, so be grAutwe unleas cause be bhowrn to the oontra on the day of meeting. May 2, W. Elsam, Heeyford and Bugbrook. iroustone master -May 3. J. White, Brentwood, carpenter.- 3ay 3, P. Davie8, Aberkenfiz Glamc'rgaushire. grocer-A£ay 2, G.F. Cobham. Miltotrnext-Gravesend carpenter.-3fay 2, IV. Cooper. Nlunhead, bullder.---fay 3. E. C. Curtis, West Ham. builder.-Mtay 2, S. Wightwick, Town MaUing. earpenter.-SiaY2. G. aoe, Ialway,p1zce, Fenchurch.street, merchadnt. -May 2. A. J. Green. Chalcroft-terrace, Lambeth. brunsmaker.-May 2, J. Dalby, Nlorwood, carpe_ter.-3lay 2, E. T. BLrling, Blackheathhill, carpenter.-Ma£y 2, G Davis, IVigmore-Etreet. Cavendish.square, cabinetmaker.-May 2, J. W. H. Schafer and W. H. Brown, Fenchurch-stnret. merchant&-MaY 6. G. Goodrich, Dursley, chymist.- May 2, N. and T. Andreos. Gateshead, ironmongers- May 2 T. Falkinriom, York, coachbuilder.--May 2. T. Mitchell, Kerghley, worSted spinner.-May 12, W. Carter, jun.. Leamington Priora, ironmonger. SCOTCH SEQlESTRATIONs T. G. Jack. Brechin, provision merchaut, April 22, at 12 o'clock, at the Swan Inn, Brechmn. P. Dunn, Glasgow, general grocer, April 21, atl2 o'clock, atthe Ruck's IleadHorel, Glaseow. '. t. }L MIathieeou, Stirling, painter. April 24, at 2 o'clock, at Campbells Ro0yal Hotel. Stirling . Campbell, Kingussie. general merchant,April 22, at2 'clok, at Cameron'a HIotel, Ringueic TIHE CORN AVERAGES. General Weeldv Averave received in the week -d- An,il N5 _UA TheTAverage Prcotrownuor suacovado Sugar, computedfromthe I etorns made in the week endiug the 8th of April, exclusive of Customs' duties paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof Into Great Britain. From the British posessions In America 2611 perc From tho lauritins .. .. .. 258 O From the Eat Indies ,. . 25 9 The average prico of the three foregoing de- wcrptions ofsugar. jointly. computedasabove andexcluziveofduty .. .. .. .. 27 21 , By authority of Parliament, HENRcY BrcOgxL, Clerk Of the Grocem Company. rr.. Anril 11
THE BISHOP OF BANGOR AND HIS CLEBGY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-My attention has been called to a letter addressed by the Bishop of Bangor to the Hon. W. 0. Stanley, which appeared in 2e Times of the 7th ult., abounding in phrases of a most virulent and libelous character, and, though my name is not mentioned, evidently intended to brand me with infamy as " the serpent" Mr Stanley " has taken into bis bosom." My first imnpulse was to pass by unnoticed a letter couched in language so intemperate as to defeat its own object and re-act upon the writer, and to bear patiently and in silence the injury which it was designed to inflict upon me. I felt, 'oo, theunpleasantnessof publiclyrefutingthe charges alleged against me by my Bishop, and of lowering in the face of England a prelate of her Church; but I considered, on the other hand, that I, too, have a cnaracter to maintain; that I hold a sacred office ; and if I should neglect to advance a single plea to show that I am most unfairly treated when designated an " evil spirit suggesting -wicked and malignant falsehoods," I should probably be regarded by thousands who know me only as the Bishop of Bangor has described me as a reprobate, a disgrace to my profession, and to the Church that could tolerate sueh a person within her fold. Actuated by such considerations, I am reluctantly induced to reply, without anger, but in sorrow, to language so harsh as an archangel would not have applied to the " Father of Lies" himself, and such as God forbid I should ever live to merit. Alluding to certain statistics, which, at the request of the Dean of Bangor, the rural deans of ten deaneries supplied him with, I believe, about a year or two ago, and which the Dean sent to the Hon. W. 0. Stanley, the Bishop says, " I have every reason to believe that the same evil spirit (meaning myself) who has seduced you (Mr. Stanley). dropped his poison into my poor friend's ear on the occasion to which I allude.?' It is worthy of observation thatby dropping poisonhere is meant suggesting to the Dean the course he then pursued' and that course was an endeavour to ascertain the wants of the diocess, in order to submit them to the Bishop, in the hope that his efforts would be properly appreciated and an attempt made to remedy what was defective. Had I had the honour of making such a suggestion, I should have considered that I was instilling good thoughts into the worthy Dean's ear, and not poison ; but the Dean knows that 1 had nothing whatever to do with that movement. The Bishop says further,-" This evil and wicked spirit comes to you, Mr. Stanley, like the Devil to our first parents in Paradise, w,ith a Wilful lie in his mouth, which he well knew was a lie-viz., that the Dean had received the returns he had asked from the rural deans, and communicated them to me." I have no recollection of having given Mr. Stanley this information. I believe he obtained it direct from the Dean of Bangor himself; but had I conveyed it to him I should have been glad to have been the means of putting him in possession of statistics so authentic and important. That 10 rural deans did make returns in compliance with the Dean' of Bangor's request there is no doubt. I read all their original letters at the Deanery on Saturday last, and found from a summary which the Dean had had drawn up that 50 additional services and about 20 churches are required (according to those returns) in the diocess of Bangor. It is true, I believe, that four rural deans made no returns, and, as one of them, who is also ChanceUor, and supposed to advise the Bishop, was of this number, the Bishop allowed himself to believe that all had acted as he had done. The Bishophas not yet exhausted his virulence, but adds, "The other falsehood with which this evil spirit has beguiled you is, if possible, still more odious and wicked-he has had the meanness to betray some very harmless family lip secrets." The falsehood with which I am here charged is having stated that Mr. Thomas, vicar of Carnarvon, in the year 1848, supplied the Archbishop of Canterbury,through the assistance of Mr. Wiliams, now vicar of Clynnog. with certain statistical information, showing the condition and wants of the Church in this diocess, and that one point much dwelt upon was the paucity of services and the necessity for increasing the number in order to render the Church efficient. There has been no betrayal of secrets on my part. I have recorded a fact on the authority of the person who drew up the statement, and, if the Bishop wishes to know the truth, he can learn it either from the Archbishop of Canterbury or the vicar of Clynnog. The Bishop first of aU ventured to assert that this information respecting Mr. Thomas was not true; then he expressed himself unable to understand its object, and now he charges me with lying in reference to it. It is worth observing that thisMlr. Thomas,who in 148 sent the Archbishop an account of the state of the Bishop of Bangor's diocess, and dwelt upon the paucity of services, in 1856, when asked to join in a petition to his own Bishop, requesting him to take steps to increase the number of services, adopted what he knew to be the most effectual course to defeat the object of the petition,-he informed the Chancellor, and his end was gained. But to conclude. Why have I been made the subject of allthis harsh andlibelous invective? Simply because I have been a party to a petition to the Bishop, asking his Lordship to institute an inquiry with a -view to asCertain whether two services might not be celebrated in churches where there is at present but one, and, if so, to take steps, as by law empowered, to remedy the evils complained of. A Bishop, almost unlimited as his power is, must, one would imagine, be amenable to some tribunal, and it is scarcely to be credited when he has done all in his power to injure a poor incumbent, by stringingtogether false charges, all of which have been refuted, and giving vent to the most libellous language, that he can shelter himself under his high prerogative, and refuse to offer any satisfaction for such aggravated injustice. But I wish not to press against my Bishop a charge of libel. I ask only that as many as have been told through The Times that I am a personification of the Evil Spirit may be allowed to judge whether the grounds on which my Bishop has conferred upon me such a title will bear such a supersructure-whether the premises justify such a con_,ftJrsturnCUrT _AA Q;- --i rA1s ,; t1 P. CONSTABLE EiS. Perpetual Curate of Penmon and Llanfaes. Beaumaris, April 9. "c TO THE PRIGHT REV. THE LOPD Bisaor or B,,xaoR. "The petition of the undersigned clergy and members of the Established Church of the diocess of Bangor, "Showetl,-Tbat your petitioners are much concerned to witless the continued estrangement of the mass of the people from the Church of England. " YOUr petitioners are persuaded that such estrangement is in a great degree the result of the insufficient number of services ])rovided for the spiritual wants of the people in many of OU churches on the Lord's day, rather than from any decided objection to the tenets of the Church of England. "Yourpetitioners have several of them promoted the building of new churches in many populous localities, and the restoration and enlargement of other excisting churchul, with a viewv to afford every facility for the people to attendl the services of the church on the L ord's day, and they aRl feel most anaions for the efficiency of the church throughout the diocess. " Yet it is with deep-felt regret that your Lordship's petitioners are compelled by a sense of ditty to avoNv their belief that in numerous instances only one service and sermon is provided in those churches where, on the ground of population and revenue, two services can by law be enforced. "Your petitioners could easily point out many instance; of such neglect, bitt refrain from any mention of individuals, respectfully subtmitting this representation to youlordshsp, sn the confident hope that an inquiry will hemistituted into the truth of these statements, and if found accurate that your Lordship will tak;e steps as by laW empowered to remedy the evils here represented, in order to remove so just a cause of offence to many earnest-niindel men, and to promote the growth of religions truth through the instrumentality of the church as established in the country and the diocess of BanDger."
THE CRIMBAN BOARD OF INQUIRY. The Board met yesterday morning in the hall of Chelsea Hospital, at the usual hour. The attendance of the general public was very large, the numbers admitted during the day, according to the police returns, amounting to nearly L,00 persOns. Among tne more distinguished auditory at the upper end of the hail were again many ladies, the varied hues of whose costumes afforded an agreeable relief to the gay uniforms of the military and the sombre garb of the civilians with whom they were intermingled. General Beatson and Mr. Commissary-General Filder were present in fuLU uniform. At the commencement of the proceedings Lord Lucan suggested that the Board should procure returns showing the number of transport and ambulance animals which landed with the troops in the Crimea, the number subsequently landed, with dates, and the numbers alive on the Ist of October and the first of each succeeding month until March, 1855. Colonel Tolloch thought the returns should not only state the number of animals alive at the respective dates, but should also state what had become of the others. In order to show the necessity of that requirement he referred to a statement which had been submitted to Lord Rtaglan, in which it was shown that oit of 76 animals landed on the 16th of December only 437 remained on the 11th of January, only 19 having died in the meantime, and no less than 279 being inaccounted for-a circumstance which elicited from Lord Raglan a strong expression of dissatisfaction. If the return suggested by=ord Luc-an was made simply in accordance with the terms -he proposed, aU the animals missing, or which were stolen by hundreds by the Eailors, would be reckoned as dead. After some-consultation among the members of the Board, it was agreed (as we understood) to ask for the return, with liberty for Colonel TuUloch toaskforanyamendedreturn whech he might consider to be necessary. The JUDGE-A1WoCATR announced the decision of the Board that all witnesses to be called by Colonel Tulloch should retire, excepting only the one under examination. Colonel Douglas, of the 11th Hussars, was then caUed by Colonel Tulloch. The examination being conducted by written questions, first submitted to the Judge-Advocate for approvaL and then handed back to Colonel Tuloch, was necessarily a very slow, not to say tedious proceeding. In reply to various questions Colonel Douglas stated that when his regiment quitted thevicinity of Inkermann, early in December, the horses were in a very bad state. Their reduced condition rendered shelter particularly necessary. At that time the animals were exposed at their pickets, without any. shelter, and were quite unprotected from the wind, which froze their bodies. It would certainly have been advantageous to have had temporary shelter for the horses. even if coverings could not have been obtainedL The French, in somie cases, adopted the plan of digging a pit, throwing up the mud in front, sloping away the earth upon which the horses were to stand, and then paving it. In other cases they simply erected a wall of earth all round. He could not tell how long it would have occapied one man to construct shelter for two horses upon the simplest of those plans, but it wvas a matter of calculation, dependent in some degree upon the nature of the ground. His regiment quitted Inkermann on the 2d of lDecember, and the employment of the cavalry for the transport of provisions to the front commenced on the 13th, but the Light Cavalry were not so employed at first, the whole of the foraging for the twvo brigades being imposed upon them. Colonel 1'uUoch.-Why was nothing done in the way of afforoing shelter to the horses between the 2d and lth of DeCenber 9-It was not certain that we should remain at that place for the winter. The men and horses were much reduced b2y sickmess. They had constant duty in fetchin2g forage fronm the har-bour, and the weather wvas also very had. There were very few mena to spare from the necessarv duties of the camp. Could not men have been hired to erect shelter ?-I can- not say; that is not a question for me to give an opinion I upon. Could not the seamen from the ships in the harbour, upon payment, and the carpenters from the line-of-battle ships have been obtained to erect some shelter 7-I caniiot say. A returi to the War-office shows that on the 1st of Decemnber the total number of men in your regiment, exclusive of officers, men on detached duties, servants to officers, and sick, amounted to 108. Do you say that, having no commissariat carriage to perform, your men were so occupied that none were available for so important a duty as that of sheltering your horses?.- -Everyavailable manwas set to work the moment we knew we were going to occupy that position for the whinter. We knew that, I think, about the middle of December. Before that time no attempt was made at sheltering the troop horses. There was a very limited supply of intrenching tools-not nearly sufficient for the wants of the regiment. He could not remember how far the supply of tools was below the quantity which they ought to have had. Colonel Talloch referred to the witness's evidence in the Crimnea, and quoted in the report, to the effect that all the intrenching tools had been left behind, and no re-issue took place until the regiment arrived at Kadikoi. The witness repeated his belief that the men had only a few sets of tools, although he could not venture to state the exact number. Allthe handicraftsmen, carpenters, masons, &c., were taken away from the regiment to assist in the construction of stables at the depot, and he believed therefore, had there been more tools, no greater progress could have been made in the construction of stables at headquarters. The artificers thus takenaway from the regiment only aimounted to some half dozen men, but the remainder of the men were employed on various duties; the days were very short, and the weather was very bad. You stated in your evidence before the commissioners that your regiment began hutting the horses on the 1st of February. 'What had been done towards sheltering the horses between that date and the middle of December '-We began about that time to place the wooden coverings over the excavations we had previously made. The excavations were commenced in the beginnng of January Thle witness further stated that had he been furnished with materials he could, with his own nien, have placed all his horses under canvass in a very short time, which, no doubt, would have been very beneficial to the animals. He would not say there would have been any difficulty in strengthening the uprights to bear the canvass in such a manner asto enable it in agreat degree to resist the pressure of the wind if a proper locality was selected. Colonel Tulloch.-The report states, " Considering also the sufferingand severe loss of horses from exposure to the weather at the commencement of the winter, there appears to have been a want of proiuptitudeor ingenuity in devisino for them some means of temporary shelter, such as saved thebaggage horses of the Slappers and Miners at Balallava." Does that meet your views.7-I would rather not answer the quesion. I would rather not give an opinion upon the subject. Youhave said that the use of sailclothwould have been advantageous;* the commssioners say the sanie. WNhy do you object to answer my question7.-lt would be giving an opion upon the conduct of my superiors. I do not know the reason which prevented the use of it. I cannot give a fair answer to that question. Colonel Tulloch said Lord Lucan on Weednesday had stated that he conceived it impossible for the forage to have been brought up at Inkermann. On that subject, therefore, he should wish to put a question to Colonel Douglas. Lord Lucan observed that this was an inquiry into such parts of the report as had been objected to. Now, he had not objected to this part of the report. He had confinedhis objections altogether to two paragraphs, and did not go beyond pare 36 of the report. Colonel 1iulloch said this showed the necessity of furnishing the commissioners wvith a distinct satement of the objections to their report. However, as Lord Lucan did not consider himself animadverted on in this particular, he should not go into it now. The JUDQE-ADVOCATE asked Lord Lucan if he had any questions to ask this witness. Lord Lucan would prefer not cross-examining any of these witnesses at present, provided it were understood that he should beat liberty to cross-examine them hereafter if necessary. The JunDE-AnvocATE.-Colonel Donglas, I am directed by the Board to ask you this question-Did Lord Lucan frequently visit the camp of your regiment, and appear to be anxious for the comfort of the men and the condition of the horses ?-I cannot answer that question; I don't feel at liberty to express an opinion about my superiors. Colonel Tulloch.-I put a question just now very similar to that, and the witness, for the same reason, declined answeringit. Lord Lucan.-As far as I am concerned, I shaU be very glad if this question can be put. -The JUDGE-ADVOCATE.-The first part of this question is as to a matter of fact. Did Lord Lucan frequently visit the camp of your regiment ?-He did. lVhat passed uponthe occasion of those visits9.-He used to look round and see what was going on. Sometimes he wouldgo through the camp witlsout my speaking to him. All I can say is that lie frequently visited the camp. Colonel Doherty, 13th Dragoons, was then called and exanined. He said the horses were in a very bad condition after their return from thevicinity of Inkermann. Where nO butting is practicable he knew that shelter is generaUy procuredby digging pits and throwing up earth around the horses;,but vas not aware what quantity of earth it vas usual to dig up and what time it would take one man to provide such shelter for two horses. He could not say how many men were employed in Decemberupon pickets and camp duties, amd how many were available for the construction of horse shelter. Had not a sufficiency of trenching tools on the 3d of December. Believed that they commenced hutting the horses about the latter end of January, and between the 3d of December and the end of January the horses were standing at their pickets unprotected. Thought that in the lines trenches could not well have been dug for the shelter of the horses, because they would have been full of water and the ground was so low and boggy that draining was a matter of the greatest difficulty. Sailcloth for the stabling might have been obtained from the fleet, but he did not think they could have purchased any at Balaklava. If the canvass had been provided for them shelter might have been put up by his regiment in perhaps about a fortnight or less, depending upon the number of men he 5 ould. set to work upon it. Really co-ld not say whether assistance might have been obtained from the shipping at Balaklava in putting up shelter for the horses; but supposed that if the sailors hoad bcen paid for the work their services immi-ht have been procured. Never made anY Written applications to have canvasspurchased. One stable for his regiment was completed about the middle of February, but the horses were very much crowded in it, and another stable was therefore built andfinishedabout the 22d. If . anvass and scantlings had been procurable the horses might probably have been protected six weeks before. Colonel Tulloch.-There was a large supply of boarding in store, but not much scantling. For a slight weight like sailcloth would not the former have been sufficient 9-Some of the boards would not have held canvass, they were so very slight; but others would. Do you remember how many horses were left fit for duty at the date of your examination before the commisaioners on the 20th of March? Shall I read your evidence 9 You state-" Out of 41 horses now alive there are only ninL Ithat can be returned for duty ?'-Yes; that is correct. Is the following statement of the loss of horses in your regiment during the months of November, December, and January tolerably accurate :-On the 13th of November, strength, 144; died, 20. Deoember, strength 111.; died, '33. Strengtthin3anuary, 65; died, 16 .-Yes, those will be the returns taken from the morning "states." You state that you had the whole of your horses stabled towards the end of Febraary. Now,from theabstract of the War-office returns there were 144 horses alive and to be provided with stabling in the begnning of November; and 46 in the middle of Mlarch. Then'only one-third of the horses alive in November were actually provided with skelter! Suppose the -whole had been alive, how-long would it have taken to provide shelter for them9-A long time, with the men we had disposable. - > Is it not your opinion, then, that some more rapid mnode of providing horse shelter, such as the use of sailcloth would havea spplied, was necessary?-Probably so. Colonel Tulloch said he would now refer again to the paragraph in page 36 of the report, in which, he would ob. serve, the Board did not impute a " want of promptitude or ingenuity" to any particu1ar parson, but only that there was a want of promptitude an energy somewhere. He then asked Colonel Doherty, as he had askl.ed the previous witness, whether that paragraph expressed his views on the subject of temporary shelter. Colonel Doherty said he could not answer that question. If the horses had been sheltered in this way at an earlier period the men's huts would certainly have been completed sooner-it might have been a fortnight or a month sooner. By the CoURT.-Lord Lucan certainly visited the camp of his regiaent. On one occasion his Lordship found some of the horses standing out, there being only one stable erected, and he ordered witness to put aILthe b-.sea nnder cover. Another stable was therefore erected a short time after. Lieutenant-Colonel Low, 4th Light Dragoons, was then called, and questioned to the same effect as the previous witnesses examined by Colonel Tulloch.-Did not think it a good plan to shelter horses by means of pits and earh, hut when neither wood nor canvass were to be obtained he could suggest nothing better. In dry weather such shelter I would certainly be better than leaving the horses wholly iunproteced, but thought their heels would suffer in wet weather. Perhaps draining the pits wrould get rid of this diffliculty, but he still objected to the P lan because, of the amount of labour required in digging these pits. 'Had never made the calculation of how much labour was required, but, as far as his experience went, such a work would require a great deal more labour than in England. Commenced putting up shelter for the horses at the latter end of January. He had very few men to work, and but few horses to send for wood. There were no baggage horses belonging to the regiment. The number of men disposable for work varied on different days, from 20 down to one or two. Up to the 14th of December they had no trenching tools, and then only a small number. Colonel Tulloch.-During the period from November to the end of January was there not a very heavy loss of horses? From the returns in the War-office I find that in November there was a strength of 143, end out of those there were 18 deaths; in December 125, and 3S3 deaths;- in Januay 87, and 40 deaths 1-If these iigures are talken from the official returns they are, of course, correct. Lord Lucan said he did not wish to v.withhold any information from the Court ; but it apped to him a most irregular proceeding that Colonel Tulloch should ransack the War-office, make extracts, and having-he did not like to say " cooked," but-manufactured a return, that he should then be allowed to examine witnesses upon that return and put it in as accurate where their memory failed. Colonel Tulloch observed that the Board might call for these returns and have them produced here officially. He did not wish them to place more reliance upon these figures than they thought proper; but they were extracts made from returns in the War-office, and he believed them to be entirely correct. The JuDGE-ADvocATE said Colonel Tuloch appeared here as a servant of the Crown declaring that he had access to the papers of the War-office, and had made faithful extracts from these returns. Did Lord Lucan objec' to their accracy? Lord ucan only thought it scarcely fair to allow Colonel Tulloch to produce them here and place them before the witnesses and the Court without their being certified. If Colonel Tulloch had required official information, it was his business to have got the Court to call for it, and then it would have been before them in the regular way. The JUDGE-ADVOCATE.-Do you object to any referenee to these returns until they are certified ? Tbord Lucan was so anxious that the Board should have aU the information possible on the subject of the inquiry that he objected to nothing. He only wished to call the attention of the Board towvhat he believed to be an irregular proceeding. General PEEL.-By whom are these averages of mortality made ? Colonel Tulloch.-Byimyself. Lord Lucan said Colonel Tuloch was not very happy in the returns he had furnished in the report, and if he had showed himself so inaccurate on a former occasion the Board were hardly justified in taldng his present figures as correct. Colonel Tulloch remarked that he only produced these figures as a guide with which to refresh his own memory and that of the witnesses, for it was impossible to carry such a mass of figures in one's head. He did not -wish the Board to consider them as certified documents. By apply- ing to the War-office they could be placed in possession of. official copies. The JunGx-AnvoCoT said that, inasmuch as the accuracy of these returns had been called in ouestion, the Board objected to their being further referred fo unless they were duly certified. The examination of Lientenant-Colonel Low was then resumed.-Witness stated that he did not know whether sailcloth could have been obtained from the fleet, but he was certain it could not have been purchased at Balaklava. Had tried to buy canvass there for cornbags for the horses, but could not get it. He alluded, however, only to the sutlers. Of course, if the captains of transports in the' harbour had been isposed to sell canvass, it was possible to have obtained it from them; and, as Government had control over these transports, he imagined it miight have been procured. Had not heard of arn offer made by a captain of a transport to cover the horses for a certain sum, except with regard to his OwnU horses. The exiamination of this witness was here interrupted, as the usual time for adjournment had arrived. Lord Lucan said he should be sorry to cause any inconvenience, but he submitted that it would be necessary to have the evidence of the two Admirals of the station-Sir james Deans Dundas and Sir B. Lyons. Mr. Commissary-General Filder asked to be allowed, after Colonel TuUoch's case had closed, to reply to certain statements made by Lord Lucan. At this stage of the inquiry, however, he should caU no witnesses. He did not wish now to go into his own case, but only to mak;e this answer to Lord Lucan's statement. It was understood that Mr. Filder's request would be grauted. The Court adjourned a few minutes after 4 o'clocLk.
TnE LAST IRISH MuRDER.-There is hardly to be found, perhaps, in the voluminous varieties of French romance a story more full of strange and startling vicissitudes than that which the life of Sarah Kelly might supply. The daughter of an innkeeper in one of the smaUer towns of Kent, she had been brought up vith as little care as persons of her class too frequently are; and at an early age was seduced by a gentleman of rank and fortune, by whom she was takien from place to place in order to elude pursuit, and ultimately removed to Ireland. Alter no very protracted interval the power to charm the veteran rood for whom she had forsaken her father's roof came to an end; and after a residence of some months in Dablin she found herself not only abandoned but turned out of doors, without the ordinary means of subsistence. The circuunstances became accidentall known to a well-known practitioner in the Irish courts of law, and by him an action was brought against her betrayer; and, owing to the singular exertions made at the trial by Mr. Goold, then a distinguished NiV i.Prits advocate, damages were recovered to the extent of several thousand pounds. The means of retrieval from her deplorable position seemed thus unexpectedly opened to her; but it was not so to be. In the course of a few weeks the whole of the sum referred to was lost, by the failure, we believe, of the person in whose hands it had been deposited; and the unhappy woman whose wrongs had enlEsted for the hour the worthless sympathy of the sentimental and the idle was once more brought face to face with hunger and privation. Who shall tell the struggles and remorseful efforts that she may have made to escape the gulf of shame into which she was eventuaUy drawn ? We dare not dwell upon the fearful theme, or give unguarded utterances to questions that suggest themselves to every humane and merciful mind that has calmly contemplated the terrible temptations that beset despair. Suffce it to say, that for a period little short of 20 years this rn-fated wonman lived in the condition of an outcast in the city of Dublin, and that at the end of that time she became the mistress, and eventually the 'wife, of a Mr. Kelly, who had amassed a very considerable fortune by the profession of the law. On his death, some 10 or 11 years ago, questions regarding the right to his rest and personal estate were raised by several members of his family. Bills of discovery were filed in Chancery, and suits of ejectment were brought in the common law courts. The proceedings were complicated and protracted, and furnished lucrative employment to the gentlemen of the long robe for several years. Mrs. Kelly was on many occasions subjected to searching examination by the practised skill of those retained against her; she had to answer minute inquiries as to endless series of facts, and to explain apparent incongruities and inconsistencies that mught have puzzled the brain of any ordinary man of business. Pitiless imputations of fraud and perjury were hurled at her by her hungry and avaricious competitors for the rich prize at stake; and recourse was remorselessly had to all that in her previous life could tend to shake the credibility of her testimony or create prejudice against her. Again and again her legal advisers, fearing that at some moment her self-possession would fail, urged her to compromise with her antagonists, and be content to save a portion at the sacrifice of the rest. But, with a courage and constancy almost unrivalled, she rejected all such recommendations, except in one insce, w believe of very inronsiderable amount. She had not sworn falsely, she averred, and she would prove it. She had not robbed the man who had Tescued her from poverty and degradation, and she would make all men own it. She did so, and succeeded in obtaining the final judgment of every court of law and of equity wherein she had been sued. Latterly she has lived unostentationsly, and almost in seclusion. We have reason to know that she never ceased to retain in her own hands the entire direction of her pecuniary affairs; and moneyed men, whom she from time to time consulted with regard to particular investments, were struck bv the accuracy of the varied informationshe displayed, and the quickness with whEich she appreciatd distinctions or differences of which she had not heard before,.-Daily lVbwcs. BRISTOL SUGAx-XuKxx, Friday, April 11.-Tlhere has been a steady demand here this week, wlhich has taken off nearly every lot brought forward, including 200 hhds. of Barbadoes of the new crop, the condition of which appears to be better tban usuaL The refined marketis ratYa,quiet, w.thout any alteration in value. Rum continis tSC bo neglected.
U.,MVERSITY IXZ'EWGMYCE. OXFORD. A PRTT. in I In the Convocation held this day, at 10 o'clock, the nomi- 'nation of Dr. Corfe, Christ Charch, to be Prezeptorof Music was approved. - The Rev. Albert A. Isass, tA., Corpus, Cambridge, iW admitted ad eu.dcjn. !1 n a Congregation held immediately afterwvards the fol-- *'lowing degrees were conferred M.A. .. Rev. Hlenry B. Cocks, Exeter. Rey. Joshua Jones, Lincolu. Rev. William S. HamDson, Christ Citurel. Rev. Edward Ryley, Trinity. Rev. Walter J. Sawyer, Queen's. B.A. Charles J. Cornish, Corpus Christx Joseph B. Williain Woolnough, Worcester. At a Convocation holden at 2 o'clock three forms of statute, relating to the constitution of Congregation, the manner of presenting students in Civil law, and the hours of commencing Responsions, were submitted and approved. At a meeting of the Curators of the Taylor institutioa Count Aurelio Saffi was elected to the Teachernbip of the Italian Language and Literature. The Rev. W. E. Jelf, late Censor of Christ Church, has been appointed by the Heads of Houses to preach the, Bampton Lectures in 1S57. * The Lord Aiuoner's Reader in Arabic (Dr. acbride) proposes to lecture in the present term. Any members of the University who are desirous of instruction in that language are requested to call upon him between 12 and 2 o'clock next Saturday. The laboratory at the Ashmolean Museum will be open for instruction in practical cihymistry on Tuesday, the 15th inst. The laboratory hours are from 10 am. to 5 p.m daily, Saturdays excepted. Members of the Universitr wishing to join the Laboratory Class are requested to call on Mr. Maskelyne at his lodgings in the Ashmolean. The Deputy Reader in Geology proposes to commence ons Tuesday, the 15th of Aprl, at 2 p.m., in the Clarendon and to continue on the following Thursdays and Tuesday6, a course of lectures on Palbontology, or theNratural Sistory of the Ilants and Animals whose organic remains are found in the strata of the earth. The first lecture will includethe generaI priciples of this branch of geology. APim IL The Reginis Professor of Divinity (Dr. Jacobson) is a candidate for thevacancyin the Hebdomadal Council, in the place of Professor Wilson, resigned. Dr. Lees Reader in Anatomy (Dr. Acland) proposes to commence an elementary course of lectures on anatomy and physiology on 3onday, April the 28th, at 12 o'clock. Gen.- tlemen desirous of attending this course are requested to enter theirnames at the Christ Church Museum during the present week. The Christ Church Museum, reading-room, and work-room, are open to all persons who obtain orders from Dr. Acland. These, and particulars concerning private instiuction in anatomy and physiology, may be had on applying to Dr. Acland any day at his house at 2 p.m. TheUniversity sermons on Sunday next are appointed to be preached in the morning by the Rev. R. C. Conybeare, of Christ Chureb, and in the afternoon hythe Rev. W. Rogers, of Balliol College. There will be an election of three scholars at Trinity College on Monday, May 19. Candidates must be above 16 !and under 20 years of age, and will be required either to present in pcerson or transmit by letter to the President certHicates of baptism and testimonials of conduct, together wvith aLatin epistle to request permission to offer themI selves, on or before Saturday, May 10, and to appear for examination at 9 o'clock on Wednesday morning, Mlay 14. CAMBRIDGE, Apran IL The Professor of Moral Philosophy will give, during the Easter Term, if it is desired by any students, a short course of explanatory lectures on the special subjects of examination for the Moral Sciences Tripos of 1857 which have reference to moral philosophy. Gentlemen desirous of attending such lectures are requested to call on the Professor in Trinity College on Monday, April 14, l-etween 12 and 1 o'cloclk, -when further arrar,gements will be made. The Vice-Chancellor gives notice, that the examination for the Tyrwhitt's Hlebrew Scho]arshis will commence on the second Wednesday in Mfaynext. Candidates for these sc.holarships must send their names to the Vice-Chancellor on or before the 1st day of ,Jay.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I wish to correct an important error -which appears in the report of my speech this morning-important only as affecting the statements of anotherperson. In speakingof the northern counties I did not say that the inspector had reported favourably of the results of the prize scheme established by the efforts of the Hon. and 11ev. John Grey in Durham. What I said was this,-that, observing the good results which had attended the prize scneme now an operation in the coal districts of Shropshire and Stafford, shire (vide Mr. Norrii's report), I felt sanguine as to the ultimate results of a similar scheme in the mining district.s of Durham. in securing an improved attendance at, and greater proficiency in. tbe schools. As it Is important That quotations from other persons' reports should be corrct, I beg the favour of the insertion of these few lines in yonr columnns. Iam. Sir. your obedient servant. E. G. IfDDDELL 13i A, AanDseld-stret, April .
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMUES. Sir,-As I am suffering most serious personal injury by perversions having been made through reworts in several newspapers of the evidence which I gave on Friday last before the Committee of the House of Commons on the subject of grinding and preparing drugs, it having been reported that Iadmitted the practice of adulteration to prevail, vvhereas my evidence was the reverse, may I ask of you the favour of inserting this contradiction ? I have no claim whatever to ask this favour of you, because no such report has appeared in Bit Tims ; but the extensive publicity given to mny contradiction through your columns {ill be of great value to me. I amn Sir- vnnr ohnWient qprranA W. ATKINSON. w, ALaersgat-stree;, AprDl I
t,EL&RKAELE CAsE oy OF -D.-AppEcanton was made a few weeks ago to Sir R. W. Carden, as a magistrate of the county of Surrey, by a clergyman, for advice and assistance in a ease of extensive fraud, and we have the satisfaction to state that the measures adopt'ed by the energetic magistrate were completely successful. The informationupon which the rev. gentleman grounded his application 'was as follows --The brother of the gentleman who waited upon SirRI W. Carden, was, it appears, the sole survivNg trustee in a trust account, and it was discovered that e hadsold out from time to time the whole of the stock, amounting to about 9,0001. Consols. As soon as suspicion was entertained that so important a trust was violated an investigation was commenced, and it -was ascertained that at as late a period as October last he had drawn from the Bank, in his-character as trustee, the large sum of 5,8001., having acted at that time as solEcitor and co-trustee of the property bequeathed by the father to the children. The depredations had been commenced in the year 1850 by a small sale of 2001. ConsoLs, and from the middle of that year till last October the person i whom such implicit reliance had been placed had sold out gradually upwards of 3,0001. of the stock, and appropriated it to his own purposes. After some difficulty, bank-notes paid for the stock sold out to the amount of 5,6001. were traced from the Bank of England through a variety of channels to the house of an agent at Boulogne. who, by the direction of his principal, invested the whole of the money in the French Rentes, payable to bearer. The mkoment the communication was made to Sir R. W. Carden an able officer, who had been for some years cle:k to the English Consul at Ostend, and was well acq1uainted with the language as well as the police regulations and mode of commercial business of the French capital, was despatched to the continent, after having receired particular direCtions and recommendations from the magistrate. This officer on the day after his arrival at Boulogne conferred with the police authorities on the subject, but cori'd obtain no intelligence of the person he sought. Nob.ody, in fact, could tell him whether any person of the name or description given was at the time or had been at all in tlhe town. Armed with more ful instructions from Sir R, W. Carden, the officer pursued the inquiry in the most earnest' manner, and at last succeeded, not only in finding the addretrs. but in becoming the constant and confidential companion of lhe person he sought, and thus became acquainted with all the transactions in which the man was concerned. The trustee remained at Boulogne for three days and thea proceeded to Paris for the nurpose of selling the French stock in which he had invested the property of which he had deprived his relatives, calculating unon. a considerable profit in consequence of the improved state of the market. Two days after the a.rival of the officer at Paris the delinquent was arrested bv tse p-lice at the instance of the English constable, who h.d watched his steps, and there was quite information enough found in his ockets to justifyhis detention. An attempt was made by a solicitor, who was employed by the accused, to obtain his immediate discharge, upon the ground that ' no offeEce had been committed;` but those to whom the apneal was made refused to take any notice of it, and the offizer employed by Sir R. W. Carden, after having astfcnished the delinquent by stating the exact nature of his caling and missMon, had the gratification of receiving from his hands the whole of the securities, amounting to aboue 6,00)L., of whichthe familyhad been plndered since the month of October. The sum transferred from the English to the French funds had] been increased greatly by the political events which had recently taken place, so that the very act of robbery proved advantageous thro-gh the energy of the magistrate, the intelligence and activitv of the offi-cr, and the admirable manner in which the French police acted throughout the whole busines. There had been three trustees originally, in whose names the property of the family had been invested; but two having died-the one before, and the other in the year I909-tbe .furviving trustee had the sole control over the property, which in a few days would have been swept aw-ay for ever, as the plunderer had made preparations to leave linTope. The legatees would have had to encounter g.sPt-r difficulties in obtaining satisfaction ii the depredator had been detected at home, for before anything could be done towards the recovery of the money an application to tle Lird Chanedilor for an order would have been indispenlble. and the tardy operawtions in equity wouwld have post -eed anything like vigorous action for several weeks. In Prance the offence,which is heredelicatelycalled "breach of trlst," is designated 'dat robbery, and the delinquen' is not only heavily fined, but sentenced to undergo two years' imprisonment. SPECIALTY AMSD SIr,rrX CWO.-T.Ac D- cS.-A bill, brought in by Mr. 3!alins and 2dr. LI.vd Davies abolishes all distinctions between specialtv and Simpie contract debts, theformer no longer being entitled to priority in the administration of the estates of deceased pernons. Actions upon specialties mnst be brought within sLm years. The act does not extend to Scotland.
PARLTAMEZiTARY INTLLIZGENCE. HOUSE OF LORDS, M1DAVI, ARm 1i. Their Lordships met at half-past 4 o'clock to hear the Royal assent given by commission to the following bils :- The Trial of tences Bi, Commons Enclosure Bill, Turnpike Trusts Arrangements Bill, Delamere Forest Bill, Outpensioners (Greenwich and Chelsea) Bill, and Secretary of Poor Lav Commnissioners Bill. The commissioners were-the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Stanley of Alderley, and the Lord Chancellor. Thq LORD CHAINCEOrO afterwards took his seat on the woolsack at 5 o'clock. The arl of ST. GERMANS presented a petition in favour of the blll for legalizing marriage with the sister or zniece of a deceased wife, signed by the mayor and corporation, various bankers and merchants, and 1,500 of the inhabitants of the city of Exeter, The Bishop of OXFORD presented several petitions from parishes in Berkshire against the abolition of church-rates -without an equivalent. CHURCH DISCIPLINE. The Bishop of EXETER laid upon the table a biU upon the subject of church discipline, and moved that it should be read a first time. This measure was identical with the bill which came from the select committee of the year 1847; and his object in laying it upoa their lordships' table was, that they might compare it with the bil upon the same subject, which stood for a second reading on the 21st inst. The bill was read a first time. DIVORCE AND MATRDIOINIAL CAUSES. The LORD CHANCELLOR moved the first reading of a bill for the regulation of divorce and matrimonial causes, -which had been framed in accordance with the recommendations of the commissioners who considered this subject two or three years ago, with the exception of some slight alterations, of wbich he hoped their lordships would approve. The Bishop of EXETER was understood to ask whether this bil and that upon the subject of church discipline -were to be proceeded w,ith as Government measures ? The LORD CHANCELLOR did not know what the right rev. prelate meant by Government measures. These bills had been introduced by himself, with the sanction of his colleagues. The Bishop of EXETER was very sorrythat he had made use of so unintelligible a phrase. (A laugh.) He was not previously aware that there could be any doubt about its meaning; but he was glad to have received the still more satisfactory explanation of the noble and learned lord. TBE CHURCH DISCIPL IE ACT AMENDMENT BILL. In answer to the Bishop of Bxc.0nG, The LORD CHANCELLOR said, that it was his intention very shortly to move the second reading of this bin, andheshould then be able to show, he hoped, that it was not so visionary, impracticable, and unintelligible a measure asthe right rev, prelate seemed to think. The Bishop of BNSNGOR then proceeded to make some observations, which were totaly inaudible in the gallery, but from what followved ve understood that he asked the lord Chancellor whether there was any objection to lay on the table a copy of the report of the commission which sat 25 years ago on the subject of church discipline, of w hich commission he was the only surviving member ? The Bishop of EXETER said that, as the report was made so long ago, very few of their lordships might have copies of it; he therefore thought it desirable that it should be reprinted, and mnade a motion to that effect. The LORD CHANCELLOR thought it probable that on inquiry a great number of copies might be found in store, and in that case the reprinting of the report would be unnecessary. After a few words from Lord REDESDnAI it *-as moved and agreed to that the report be reprinted, if necessary. The Hou-se adjourned at 20 milutes to ( o'clock.
IOIUSE OF COMIMIONS, FRIDAY, AnnIIL 12. The SPr'Ezjx took the chair at 4 o'clock. Petitions were presented by Mr. BtTLER, from the vestry of the parish of Poplar praying that the bill for the amendment of the Act for the Local Management of the Metropolis may be referred to a select committee ; also a petition to the Same effect from the vestry of the hamlet of Mile-end 0ldtown; by Mr. DEEDEs, from Goodnestone next WVinghiam, against the bill for abrogating the oath of abjuration by Colonel PATTES, from congregation of St. Peter's church, Preston, against the aboTition of the abjuration oath; also from clergy- of Preston; from Darwven (S), against the apnointment of a 31inister of State for Education, and against school-rate, and compulsory education;* and (6) fromn the saume place against the union of church and State; by Sir 1V. CLAY, from inhabitants of St. Botolph, Bishopsgate, in favour of the abolition of church-rates; also from inhabitants of St. Anne's, Linsehouse, against the Metrooli better ManagementAmendment A ct by Mr. FOLEY, from Aldersuinster, against the abolition of church-rates wtithout an effectual equivalent; by Mr. Mra&.r, from Coggeshall, Stoke Geldington, lKenilweorth, andllow, against State education.- by Lord H. CnoassoI0.xs,xy, from the workiing men of' IJpham, Rants, agOainst opening the Crystal Palace and other laces ofamusement onthe Lord's-day; by Mr. W. D. cEx rss0 , from the lKingston Cotton-mill Company, in favour of the Factory Bill; by 3Ir. KEDALL, from inhabitants of Torpoint, in the county of Cornwall, against the abrogation of the oath of abiuration; by Mr. HINDLEY from Can-hill-mills, in the county of York and Chester, in favour of the Factories Bill; by Mr. MU;LLINGS, from the magistrates in the division of Cirencester, in favour of the Summary Jurisdiction Bill; by Colonel Du-coxBE, from the guardians of the poor in the Whitby Union, in the county of York, against parts of the Police Bill- and from N orthallerton and neighbourhood, in the county of York, against opening public exhibitions on Sundays; by Mr. Acas e DER HASTIE, from the ministers, elders, and deacons of Free St. John's and St. Paul's Free Church, Glasgow, and from the Session of East Campbell-street Free Church, Glasgow, against the Maynooth Grant; also a petition from 521 inhabitants of Glasgowv, praying for the repeal of the Publichouse Act (Scotland); by MIr. BRoTERisc. 'oS, from Thornhill-edge Chapel, near Dewsbury, against education by the State ; by Lord GODERIC1, from 2,35S inhabitanlts of London, in favour of opening museums and botanical gardens on Sunday afternoon; also a petition roni Pole-moor, near Huddersfield, against any further legislative measures on the subject of education; by Colonel Bt-cC, from the inhabitants of the parish of Buckerell, in the county of Devon, against the Abjuration Bill; by Mr. WiLaiNsoy.,;, from ratepayers of Camberwell, against the operation of the Metropolis Local Management Act; by Mr. BARyEs, from the principal, teachers, and students of Homerton College Training School, against Lord J. Russell's resolutions; byMr`r.W. EWN-ART, from the Session of the United P-esbyterian Congregation, Annan, and tise minister, elders, and congregation of the United Presbyterians, Dunscore, agaiinst the 31ayneotl grant; by Mr. BAINES, from the Leeds Chamber of Commerce, praying that the wvinding-up of insolvent companies under the Joint Stock Companies' Bill may take place in the local courts of BankrLuptcy and not ir. theCourtof Chancery; byMr. ST.ANIOrE, from Mr.Lambden, suargeon, Conin"sby, in favour of the hMedieal Reform Bill; from Mrarket laisin, North and South Elkinton, and Wetton-le-W old, against the repeal of the abjuration oath; by 3Mr. SPOONER, from the minister and elders of Free St. David's Church, Glasgow, the Protestants of the parish of BaLymore, in the county of Antrim, the Protestants of the parish of Killinags, in the diocess of Iilmore and county of Cavan, the inhabitants of the parish of Gresham, in the county of Norfolk, the memnbers of the Xirk Session of the parlsh of hinnellmnount, Aberdeenslure, against the Maynoot gra-t; from the inhabitants of the village of Gardenstown and neighbnurhuod, in the parish of Ganiric, Tianifshire, Scotland, the inhabitants of the village of Pennan and neighbourhood, in the parish of Aberdour, Aberdeenshire, and two fronm the vicar and inhabitants of Sow in the county of Warnwick, in favour of an edutcational rate; by Mr. BAXTLR, from the inhabitants of Fadoun and the Free Presbytery of Arbroath, against the endowm;3ent of Maynooth; by Mr. G. DUNDIS, from the parish of Whetburn, counlty of Linhthgow, against the 3 aynooth grantby Lord ELalLEY, from the parishes of White Ladies, Aston Broughton Hlackett, Hillscroome, and St. Martin's in the county of WVorchester, praying that no bill for tle total abolition of church-rates may be passed without an equivalent; by Mfr. BRAsrsrox, from the congregation of Bap. tins at Burnham. in Essex, in favour of voluntary education; also from clergy- and inbabitants of Woodham Ferris in Essex, against the abolition of chuirchl-rates -without an ecquivalent; by Viscount GAiL Aii-, from the cler-gy ofthe thr'ee districts of the Deanery of East Retford, and from the victr, churchwardens, and parishioners of Walkerinogham, in the, county of N-otts, against the abolition of church-rates, also petitions from 3rsterton, Lanebam, and Torworth, against opening the British Museum and National Gallery on Sundays; by Mr. T.\NC RED, from the inhabitants of Banbury, for openin- the British Museum and National Gallery on Sundays ; `by MrA. Km-AIRD, from certain burgesses, inhabitants, and ratepayers of the city of Perth, in favour of the Perth Burgh and Harbour Bill; and from the clerks, letter-carriers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Post-office, Perth, praying for allowances from the C;rov,n as other civil servants; by Mr. GiBsos, from the Manchester Association for the Protection of Trade, praying that joint-stock companies maybe woundup intheDistrictCourts of Bankruptcy instead of the Court of Chancery; by Nfr. INGP..r, from Boston, against State education ; by Mr. hLWKIE, from the Free Church Session of Kirkbean in the stewartry of Kirkc dbright, against the grant to Mahnooth bY Sir F. Tg,,,Eu3s, fro'm Dow n, i Ireland, against the Ubl-ition of the oath of abjurattilonn; by Captain GiDLSToNE (2), from Deazes, praying tfe House to take no step byowhich the education of children shall be withdrawn fro paIrentall Privilege, or dlivest-ed of its voluntary characterm; als (6) fromn me&d ica en of Devizes and neighbourhoodt, in favour of the bill for regulating t edal ofEssion; by r. ASTE, rom Messrs. Coats andi Son, and Messrs. Carlisle and Co., against free pawvns ; by Sir J. TyRELL, from the parish of Feeinng that the church-rate remain as it'is; also from the Practitioners of Halstead, Tollesliunt d'Arcy, Witham, Writtle 11ford, Saffron WNalden, Woodford, Grays, Thorperleyo,cr, andt Kaelvedon, in the county of Essex, in favoulr of the Medical Bill ; by M1r. Aldermani CTUTBIT- fromU the chuIrchl and congrega-tion of East-street ROCHlESTEIR ELECl1Sok\ C0X3tITE11E chape Anovr for th toa abht~no hrhrts an b r. KIRHA, fromghth le tter-crepr and clerks cuintthee Ps-office, saedwrya Pfraying to beti heard byncounselbefored frthe SlcityC ite ofRcetranCivi Service SPeranutioxapin;thi also romwa fKivlomuis for vexateninotu IeadshSoc - ST. JAELESCI PCARK. wYor;s INGheAr bre outeuded to carepr of thi cnomi ttee by the committee for cpei e g the cu,lmaLth attion fagamst. James's Park to Waterloo-place; and whether the reconnmendaticn of the commnittee that the Duke of York'e monument shoiuld be removed had been folly considered by the Governument? Mr. ?ACARTNEY added another question-namely, whether the attention of the Government had been, or would be, directed to the advantage of opening a carriage way from Queen-square throu;h the present gates into the Birdcage-walk, in connexion with the other improvements in St. James's Park 9 Sir B. IHALL.-In answer to the first question, I beg to say that some day next week I shall state to the House how much of the recommendations of the committee the Government proposes to carry out (hear); and I will take care that the statement shall be made previously to the consideration of Tany estimates that may be presented on the subject. (Hear, hear.) Aware that much objection has been offered to the suggested removal of the Duke of York's column, I measured the ground myself. I find that there are 22 feet on each side of the monumnent; so that, in case the road is proceeded with, the column nmght remain, if such should be the pleasure of the House, and the road be constructed on either side. In reply to the second inquiry, I have to observe that theproject of opening a carriage way from Queensquare through the present gates into the Birdcage-walk is not a matter wvhich ought to rest wvith the Government. It falls within the province of the Metropolitan Board of Worlks and the WYestminster Commtissioners, and, should either think fit to submit to me a plan for removing the houses at their own expense, I will take care it shall he attentively considered by the Government. REPORT OF THE STATUTE LAW COm. IIS SIO NE RS . In reply to Mr. L. KING, Mr. WALPOLE stated that sections G and 7 in Appendis No 2 of the Report of the first Statute Law Commissioners, together with certain zemarks on the same appendix on the subject of the expurgatory list, had been added to the report under a misapprehension, and he much regretted it. ROYAL COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS OF LONDON. Mr. KINNAIRD asked the Secretary of State for the Hiome Department, whether it was the intention of Her Majesty's Government to grant a newv charter of incorporation and act to the Rtoyal College of Physicians of London; and, if so, whether they were likely to be granted during the present se ssion of Parliament? Sir G. GREY said that, as the Medical Profession Bill, which had been referred to a select committee, contained ,rovis ons affecting the Royal College of Physicians, the Govern meat could not come to any final decision respecting the granting of a new charter to that body until the select committee had reporte METROPOLIS LOCAL MANAGEM3 ACT AMEND- MENT BILL. Mr. DUNCOMBE inquired of the noble lord the First Minister what would be the latest hour at which he would bring on this bill, -which stood on that day's orders? Sir B. HAI said. that the Attorney-General had already announced his intention to vithdraw this bill. It was competent, however, for the hon. member for Finsbury to bring in a measure embodying his own views. Mr. DUNCOMBE rejoined, that this was no answer to bis question; but he might tell the right hon. baronet that it was his intention to take an early opportunity of showinup the infamous conduct of theBoard of Works. (Laughter.3 ne again appealed to the noble lord (Palmerston) to give some reply to his question. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (who had but a moment before entered the house) said, he wished to consult his hon. friend's (Mr. Duncombe's) convenience, and certainly should not move the discharge of the order after 12 o'clock. (Hear, hear.) SUNDAY LABOUR IN WOOLWICH DOCKYARD AMrD ARSENAL. Captain STUART asked the Clerk of the Ordnance, whether it was the fact that the operatives in the Royal dockyards and Arsenal at Woolwich still continued to bo employed on Sunday; and whether the responsibility of commanding such employment rested with the heads of departments at Woolwicli, or with the authorities of the War-office? Mr. MONSELL could only speaLk as to the Arsenal at Wool vich, but protested against the inference that it had been the custom during the war to employ the woikmen in that establishment on Sundays. That had been done only in a very few exceptional and temporary cases, under the pressure of the war. Sir C. WOOD, with regard to Woolwich Dockyard, said it was trite that the operatives had been required to work on Sundays. BRIBERY AT ELECTIONS. In reply to a question from Mr. OvR., Sir G. GREY stated that the Government intended to propose to renew the act 17th and 18th of Victoria, chap. 102, relating to bribery, which would expire at the end of the present session. REFORMATORY SCHOOLS. Lord R. CECIL asked the Secretary of State for the Home Department whether the Government had come to any final decision as to the amount of weekly allowance to be made by the Treasury to certified reformatory schools in respect of juvenile offenders committed to them? Sir G, GREY said, he had issued a circular to the managers of all certified reformatory schools, requesting them to furmish him with certain particulars as to the cost of maintamiiig juvenile offenders. Since then he had received answers to his application in some cases and none in others, and some of the answers were incomplete; and, until the information lie required was perfect, it would be impossible for him to decide on recommending the Treasury to alter the rate of the weeklyallowance. EMPLOYMENT OF WORKMEN IN PORTSMO-UTH DOCKYARD ON SUNDAY. In reply to a question from Mr. HORSFALL, relative to the employment of o00 workmen in this establishment on Siuday last, Sir C. WOOD said, it was to be regretted that permission had been given for the employment of the men on the occasion in question, but orders had been issued to prevent its repetition. PUBLIC BUSIN1ESS. Lord PALMERSTON, in moving that on Thursday, the 29th of May next, and on every succeeding Thursday during the present session, Government orders of the day should have precedence, said he merely proposed that the House should follow the precedent set in former years, and which, while it had facilitated the course of their proceedings, had also tended, in some degree, to advance the public business to a conclusion before the period of the session arrived when it was difficult to obtain a good attendance of memabers. The motion was agreed to. CUSTOM-HOUSE RE,GULATIONS. Yr. HORSFALL said, the Secretary to the Treasury had stated the other evening, that orders would be sent to the outports pernitting the exportation of certain descriptions of manufactured articles. He urderstood that such orders had not yet been received in Liverpool, and he wished to know whether the instructions to which the hon. gentleman referred had been sent to that port ? Mr. WILSON replied, that it was true he had stated on Monday that orders would be sent to the outpolts for the purpose of enabling merchants to ship particular descriptions of goods without bonds. In accordance with that promise such orders were sent to the outports on Tuesday evening. A Privy Council was held on Wlednesday, at which an order in Council -was agreed to, revoking all former orders in Council on this subject, and that order appeared in the Gaeette on Wednesday night. The order was sent to the Custom-house on Thursday morning, with instructions that it should be immediately transmitted to the outports. The earliest opportunity of transmitting the order washby last (Tbrday) night's post, anad the earliest peried at which it could be received at the outports was that (Friday) morning. He thouht the hon. member for Liverpool must have confounded the first order with the second. ROYAL ASSENT. SirA. CLIFFOPD, the Gentlema Ulisher of theBlack Rod, appeared at the table, and summoned the Speaker and members of the House to the bar of the House of Lords, to hear the Royal assent given to certain bills, for the titles of which see Lords report. MANAGEMENT OF PRISONS. On the motion that the House at its rising do adjoumn till Monday, Mr. BOWVYER rose to put a question to the Home Secretarywhich affected, not Roman Catholiecs only, but every class of Her Majesty's subjects who did not belon" to the established church. It related to the free access of rninisters of religion not belonging to the established church to prisoners in gaols belonging to their own denominations. Though the specific case of which he had given notice was that of Pentonville Prison, the principle was a general one, and affected all the gaols in England. At the present moment, when the question of prison discipline was attractng so much attention, the House would not treat with indi=erence the access of ministers of religion to persons who, more than any other class of Her Majesty's subjects, required the consolations of religion. He would state the facts from a return made last session of a corre- spondence between the Home-office and the Roman Catholic clergyman who habitualy officiated at Pentonville Prison. In lSo2 a list of all Roman Catholic prisoners then under continement in PentonviUe was delivered to the priest. It contained about 70 or SO names, and those persons he accordingly visited in the discharge of his duty. In lSo3 and 1S54 he applied again for a list of the prisoners of his own persuasion, but was refused. He thereupon wrote to the Home Secretary, and the answer he received in substance was, that his request could not be complied with, because it would be contrary to the spirit of the statute, the 4th of George IV., chap. 64. Now, when people talked of the spirit of an act of Parliament, there was generally a screw loose somewhere. (A laugh.) The spirit of a statute iught justify anytbing, and whenever an act was to be construed contrary to its plain and obvious meaning great stre.ss was laid upon wvhat was called its spirit. But he defied any lawyer to sav that the 4th of George IV., chap. 64, had the effect vihich the Home. office supposed it had. The clause gave to every Dissenter or Roman Catbolic prisoner a right to call for the assistance of a minister of his own denomination; but it had no restrictive words, and, he contended, left it open to the authorities of a prison to permit access to pri. soners precisely as before the act wvas passed. He held, moreover, that the construction put upon the statute by the Home-offico was contrary to the principles of civil and religions liberty. It was a restriction upon the religious rights of persons confined in gaols, and clearly prejudicial to the management of the prisons themselves; for the Home Secretary would admit that in the government of gaols there was nothirg more useful than the ministrations of the cleroy of the d ifferent denominations towv. ich the prisoners belonged hh. Oakley, the priest officiating at Pentenville Prison, did not complain of any want of courtesy or liberality on ±t'4art of thle authorities of the priso l; on the contrary, f §a always found thom ready two assist bins in the ,dttcparge of his religious duties, ai-a to avail themselves of smallest sums of money to be placed *t tht disp = ,atg Conmmittee of Council of Education, to find Parliament ready to express the opinion that the minutes of the Committee of Council should be extended. I do tot say that it is necessary that this xesolntion should be agreed to in order that those minutes should be extended, because, practically, they are extended every year (hear, hear); but I think that by agreeing to it we shall, affirm a principle which is in consonance with general opinion. (Hear, hear.) I will now state the instances in which extensions have been made in the present year, and I am the more anxious to do so becau3e I do not think that hon. gentlemen have well analyzed the estimate which is before Parliament for educational purposee. Yow. as regards the capitation grant, the Committee of Council has proposed an extension from 12,000A. to 40.000. Then again, with re.ard to industrial schools wiat is the ease ? Why, this year there is a sum of 10,0001. for induAal i schools against nil in that of last year. The minudes with re-ard to the application of these smas will be laid before Pariament. As regards the first resolution, therefore, the Government are prepared to give to it a cordial and hearty support, and I vish that I could say as much with regard to the remaining ones; but, looking at these resolutions as a whole, and with every desire that the object for which they are intended should bo accomphalhed,ithe Government dG not think it right to involve themselves, by affirming these resolutions, m the possibility of being compelled to lay before Parliament measures founaded upon them; for, although -we may agree with the general spirit of them, the difficulty would arise in embodying their principle in a measure in sucnr a shape as would fairly carry out that principle, at the same time guarding against the dangerous consequences which some lon. gentlemen apprehend. The second resolution asserts that it is expedient to add to the present inspectors of church of England schools 80 sub-inspectors, and to divide EDgland and Wales into S0 divisions 'for the puposes of education. Now, I won't say anything as regards the numbers, because I think that the objections which have been urged against the numbers being fixed by this House are conclusive, and I believe my noble friend acquiesces in the propriety of expunging the numbers; but in considering this point the Government had to decide as to wluheer or no it was desirable for the' House to pledge itself to appoint a large numoer of sub-inspectors, to be distributed throughout the country for the purpose of obtaining informaton on the subject of education. Nov, Sir, I think that itismost desirable tht we should possess acculrate informnation with regard to the available means of education throughout the country, bnt at the same time it is a very diflicult and delicate operation to obtain it. Now, let us consider bywhat means that information is to be procured. If we remain satisfied by sub-inspectors being appointed with powrers which the Committee of Council can already bestowr, I thinkthe appointment of those gentemen might be safely left to the Committee of Council, theadditional expenseto be placed on the estimates and to be laid before Parliamnent; but then arises the questior., what power are these gentlemen to possess' (Hear, hear.) Some years ago lamentable stements were made as to the state of education in Wales,. and three gentlemen were appointed under theordinary mode, and directed by the Committee of Council to proceed to Wales and investigate the available means of education. Most able reports were received from those gentlemen and laid before Parliament, but the complete accuracy of those reports was not relied upon, because those gentlemen had no means of enforcing information. If it be intended that a real educational censas should be taken, that the number of existing schools with the characters and qualifications of the teachers in them should be ascertained, nothing less than an act of Parliament enabling the inspectors to compel information would be sufficient to accomplish that object. I think that it would not be prudent for the House to agree to this resolution without possessing more distinct information as to what is to be done by these sub-inspectors. If they are only to possess ordinary powers, the resolution is, I think, unnecessary; and if it be mtended that they shall draw up a full and accurate census, then, I think the proper course to adopt would be to p psea bill bestowing upon them the necessary powers. With regard to thiresolution, therefore, although I coneur in the propriety of obtaining full information upon the subject, still I think that it would be unwise for this House to pledge itself, by consenting to adopt this resolution, to the appointment of a large staff of sub-inspectors (hear), and upon this resolution the Government are prepared to support the motion of the previous question. As as to the division of the country into school districts, the noble lord has, I think, satisfactorily answered the objections made to that proposal, and certainly, if the object of this division be to acquire information, I see no nr:cessity for adhering to the existing parochial divisions. I come now to the resolution of the noble lord which proposes to extend the powers of the Commissioners of Charitable Trusts. That resolution asserts:- " That, for the purpose of e-tending such means, it is expedient that the powers at present possessed by the Conimissioners of Charitable Trusts be enlarged, mnd that funds now useless or injurious to the commumnty be applied to the education of the middle and poorer classes of the community." In the general principle contained in this resolution the Government entirely concur, and, indeed, I cannot conceive that any man for the sake of an abstract principle will contend that funds now useless or injurious to the community should not be interfered with. I am rather surprised by an objection taken by the right hon. memberfor Oxfordshire to the priciple of the resolution. Ire said that the Charity Commisnioner3, according to their scheme, having proposed that certain doles given in money, according to the original trust,to the freemen of Coventry, should be applied to hosnitals and infirmaries, that was quite a legitimate disposal ofthe fund, but that the propositionto apply this money for the prpose of education was monstrous. I must say that, if it be legitimate to divert a trust of this kind, which has become useless or injurious in ts application, and to apply the money to establish or sapport hospitals or dispensaries to relieve the bodily wants and infirmities of the people, I eannot conceive how it would be a monstrous application of the funds to devote them to the purposes of the mental cultivation and the intellectual development of the population by affording the means of sound education, which would teach them their duties to God and man and make them nseful members of society. (Hear, hear.) I hope that that was a doctrine which the House would not be disposed to sanction. The Coventry scheme could hive no vaiid effect until sanctioned by Parliament, though it has been proposed by the Charity Commissioners, and I wish they had a larger power of deal-l ing with cases of this kind, because I think that in their hands the power might be safely and wisey exercised. But it has been asiced, " Who is t be jnldge as to what is useless or injurious7" and I think what has been stated by the right hon. member for Carlisle with respect to this resolution is just, and that w-e ought not to pledge ourselves to a resolution of this kind until we see in what way it can be carried out. It would be infinitely better to defer an expressionl of opinion on this point until wre see the bill, which would give effect to the pla-n. (Hear, hear.) Inow come to the proposition with respect to rating, though under present circumstances rneed say very few words on the subject, but I am anxious to state what the views of the Government were in reference to it. The seventh resolution of the noble lord deolared:- " That it is expedient, that in any school district where the means of education, arising from endowment, subscription, grants, and school pence, shaUl be found deficient. and shall be declared to be so by the Committee of Privy Council for Education, the ratepayers shouldhave thepower of taxing themselves for the erection and maintenance of a school or schools." This question of rating is one that has been very largely discussed on previons occasions. It was first proposed as respects education in a private bill-the manchester and Salford Bill-which bill was opposed not so much on its merits as because it involved the question of rating, and because it was deemed inexpedient that Parliament should, in a private bill, sanction such a principle; and I believe it was suggested that a general bill should be introduced empowering persons to rate themselves for the purpose of education. The bill was referred to a committee, before which important and valuable evidence was given, and that evidence satisfied me not only that the voluntary efforts of those meritorious persons who had devoted themselves so much to the cause of education were unable to meet the wants of large cities, but that even the existing scheme of voluntary efforts, aided by grants from Parliamenit, had also failed in that respect. I was therefore confirmed by that evidence in the opinion that a voluntary power should be given to recognized bodies-representative bodies-to rate. themselves for the purpose of extending the means of oducationinthosedistrictsw.herethemeansof instruction were manifestlyinsufflcient, and in the course of the present session a bill has been laid on the table of the other housenwhich proposes to empower,. subject to certain restrictions, towncouncils and ratepayers in parishes, where a certin proporportion of the ratepayers choose tc- exercise the power, to rate themselves for the purpose of education. That bill ex.- presses, certainly, the opinion oE the Government as to what they think may be expedienr to be done. I am aware of the difficulty which surrounds this questiorn, and in announcing myself an advocate of this pinaciple I canbot shut my eyes to the fact that it doesilrad in the dire*tion, at all events, of secular education. (Hear, hear.) This was a subiectto wvhich thie committee othe Mancbesterand Salford Bill directed their attention. ThEey had beforeibemz persons of great influence who, theu)advocatingthe system of rating, differed as to the mcdein whichthgrates should be applied, yet adhered together so closely that I hoped that, they might have arrived at. some commo grond of agree-: ment. The advocates of sacular combined wfith religious inr. struction desired to maim-the religious instructon so genemi as to embrace all those who agreed cm the common pr - ciple of Christianity, 3an also to adoplthaprovision which my noble friend has imsorporated in h:i;resolutions allong the parents or guardin of children to,withdraw them f;m any religious teachig. There you ad tlhe germ of secilar education. (Hear, hear.) When thacuestion came beore the House the diibmence of opinion waiened, and tha4 bill to establish a system of rating was lost. I saisl that the prov3ison I }are just advertec to involved the g&rm of secular educatiou., because, if you say that all schoolsB.hould afford religiousinstruction, but at the same thrn declare that any chii may be withdmawn from that rligious insuction, e education given, so far as every s3& hild is concerned, is secular. (Hlear, hear.) But I amx quite pro- pared to esuounter that dangqer, because I think that the1 education gven in these schools would be in itselt of great benefit, while the probability of arriving at a system o' secular education is far t4o remote. (Hea, hear.) The Government, therefore, have not shrank frmn. propos:ng a bill which will give this voluntary power of rating. The 'Qestion is one attended with much difficulty, but the Goveernment are disposed to think that the giving A voluntary power of ratingis tbe only, means by which an efficient provision could be made for education in those districts in which the means are deficient. With espect to compulsory ratin" for the purpose of education, whether proposed to be estabTished according to the plan of tbh noble lord or any other schemne, I en,ertain a different vinion, and I thin- it w;ould be practicallyauseless. The noble lor first proposes to givepow9er tothe ratepayers in uydistrict or parish in. which education is declared to be deficient, torate themselves. But if a parishordistrict weresteepedinignorancoandimmo. rality, and the ratepayers zehusedto take any tep to remove thifignoranieand immral;ty,-the'noble lrd then proposesta give to the quarter sessions po .ver to impo3e on tha paris h or district a school rate. Now, wlast is to be the effect of that impositioun 7 is tail that the charaoter of a school depends on the siouluk ster; ant I must also say that I dezpair of any good sytezm. of educatiou being adopted ia any district, nless carrded out bypsrrons reaUy congeors of the;inportrnce ofthemittte, aiddanxio-s of theirown amcord to benefit the p; pulation by applying the best neanS in thsir power to the removal of iguorailce aud immorality. (3e sr.) There are olber strong reason:s against gibing the pJwer of compuls-ory rating to any such body; it 'Would give ris. to greathoility, and tend to defatd rather tbau to prome the noble l1rd's object. With regard to religious iastruction, -while I deeply regret that dIfferences upon that pDint should impede the exertions of aUl who endeavour to pro'- mote educatixa, I cannot overlookl the fact that those diF. - ferences have tbhir advantage; as 'erell as their disadvan.- tages. (Eear.1 Unanimity upon tEie subject of religion very seldom exists in large mixad communities without.- comparative indiB&rence (hear, hear); and the rival?y between contending sects baa, I think, ccntributed in a' great, degree to the estab,Mhet of many of the schools which, have of late year3 sprun.g up in this country. (sear, hear.) If we adost thb noble lord'h- proposition to, establish schools by mneans of rates, his plan writh, reprrd to the instructio to be given in Jhose schools isprobably the best that cumld be devised, although no doubt; great objections would be ral3ed to it by the ratepayers of' many districts. There wudd be much practical difliculty in; enfo'ing any provisions snch sa thosa proposed; bythe noblelord with respect to children is employment b*tween 9 ant 15 years old. The case offhIctos children is entirely distinctfrumthat of children diersed over a large-district im domesic service aud in agricultural employmen'l. (Hear, hear.)' I think, however, -that the compulsory principle' might be extended to other thes* factory children, end I at glad to B-arn that a mneeting reweely took place in the nortl of-England, of proprietors andothers interested in collieries, at whichlproposals were made vary much resemblingin prineiple this resolution. Ihope thablythevoluntary exertions of those gentlemnen much may be done for the promotion of education among the children cosseeted with the collieries. lNo one cam object to the noble lord?s, last resolution, and I think its principle might be exstended with advantagwe to adult schools To the iiust resolution5 then, the Gevernment give their hearty assent% and he stated the course they would have talien with rezard'to'the other resolutions if the noble lord had aslked the Tlouss'toe express an opinion npon them, although, after the discuasion which has taken p lace I think he has acted very judiciously in not pressiig them. Every one3must appreciate the-rcn4elord's exertionsin the cause of education, and, whatever 3asy be the fate of these resolutions, I am persuaded that. the discussions to' to which they have given rise will no-.ba'barren of useful fruit, but will tend to promote the objeoiawe are all desirousto accomplish,-the extension of education in this country. (Iear, hear.) Mr. HE1NLEY wished to state the comrs he proposed to. ta-o in consequence of the intention of tVi noble lord to' withdraw all his resolutions except those reltlog to instraction and partition. The Government were' wiling to support the first resolution, and his hon. friendi( (fr. Adderley) intended to move an amendment to it. Nowl the first resclution, standing by itself, and aU its objeotionable parts being taken away, was much less mischievoust.han the other resolutions, and, therefore, with thepermnission of the committee, he would withdrawhis motion that the Chairman do now leave the chair, antil that resolution had:been disposed of. Immediately, however, that had been dlisosed of he should renew his motion. (Hear, hear.) He- placed himself entirely in the hands if the committee, buth he thought this was the best course that could be adopted. Sir J. PAKINGTON said, there appeared to be no desire that the debate should be stopped. Lord J. M USSELL B£gested that the first, resolution should be put at once. Mr. GLADSTONE did not object to the witdraawal of the right hon. gentlemasuan' motion. but he th'ought the better course would be to allow the debate to proceed for the present without withdrawing it. Mr. E. BALL was glad that the noble lord had'vithdrawn the most offensive resolutione, but thought he would have done better if he had withdrawn the whole of them. What use was there in retaining the first resolution -Then the EducationalCommitteemof the-Privy Councilwerenow acting uponitspsinciples?He denied-that the opponents ofthe noble lord's resolutions were indiffireat to the cause of education ; they merely differed from him as to the best meanLs of advancing it. The noble lord hal referred to Mr. Edward Baines, but, if the noble lord had Imown that gentleman better than he did, instead of calling him a hot-headed voluntary he would have spoken of him as a warm-hearted Christian. (Hear, hear.) Thie, Mr. Baines in his pamphlet did not speak of thenoblelord quite as kindlyas hehadben wont to do in former years, hutthen the noble lord had not of late spoken quite as kindly as usnal' of the voluntaries. (He2r, hear.) The noble lord ought to remember that, whatever opinions the voluntariesnow entertained, they had adopted these opinions in consequence of the principles inculcated by the noble lord in his speeches upon the questions of church-. rates and of education. They were-naturalysurprised at the speech in which the nolAe lord had introduced these resolutions, because, if theywere in error,tfley had fallen into error onlyin consequence ofhsvin_follow edthenoblelord. (Hear.)! They felt thatthe noble-lord had given them the direct cut; therefore he ought not to be surprised if they did not sqeakl of him so kindly as theynsed to' do) or that they entertained towards him a little cooler feeling than in former times. Re was delighted to hear the speech of the right hon. baronet the member for Carlisle&last; ndght. It was one of' the best speeches he had eTrheard'iD that Rouse. (Hear.), It was one of those Cbristian prodnetions with which, in his earliest days, the right hon. barcieet used to treat the House. ItwastbePhrenixrisenfrom-itwashesa'uain. (Cheers' andlaughter.) Bewasglad also tohear the rightion. baronet speak of those pamphlets from which he so largely quoted, for it so happened that he himself had got a speech pre- red (a laugh} founded chieffy on- those- pamphlets, written by two Dissenters ; but the eye of theSpeaker being turned tothe right honi baronet, he (31r. BIl) soon discovered that the right hon. gentleman vas- even a greater plagiarist than he himself would have been, for' the whole speech of the right honm baronet was built on those two. pamphlets, and he' (MrE Ball} was' completely left on a lee shore. (Laughter.) HIe did not think the right hon. baronet had gone so-far as the noble lord' had charged him with having gone' in' preferring the volunttary principle to the compulsory principle. He imderstood the right hon. baronet to say that- he th1oeght the two things would work best together.. It was the obi'eet of all the friends of popular education toharmonise the two prmiciples. The differencehetweemthe'noble lord' and' the'right hon. baronet ap,pearedt4be that, while stating fromD opposite points, thev both converged to a common centre. the noble lordl starting from the' comamlsory, and the ri"ht hon. baronet voluntary principle.. The nobl- lord had' to-night stated that he had arrived' atthis conclusion, th' a secular education was better than no- education. R>ecc21ecting what the noble lord had on other' occ 'ione stated, he did not expect that he would; have' gone: so. far; He (Mr. Ball) very much doubted- whether secular--education merely was a good; whether a man without religion was e,ther happier or better with a secular education than hwas withoutit. Knowledge and; lbasninig wrere- not a preventive of crime. It rather sharpened: the' intellect and increased the power for evil. He would not give- education to man if it were not allied with religion. He would glen' a case in illustration. In a' reformatory for criminalt, in a place just by, called "iA Place of' Repentance;" out of 100 cases taken casually, it apeared that. 83attended school in youth; and' there were only seven wFho had received no education. The nobleIomd had said that the people received a better- education' ini foreign. countries than ill England. In Pi-usia, fomre.cample, the number of children educated was one in si7,. while in England the number was. one in ei,ht; hut in Phussia the educotion was secular, while in England-it was-religious. He -ld ask whether, with all the advantages, aEcribed to the' sstem of compul- sory and centralized education in the contries of the con- - tinent, so much hadhbeen-done by those coautries forthe ad- - vancementof the happihees.of mnanklina snhad been done byEngland alone? Look at its Bible ccieties, its mis- sionary societies, and'at-110,0000,0 of tracts that were ciret-- lated every year, andtthen say whether Pmssia, Austria, on' France had'ever accomplished such Things as those bodies: had do-ne. And' -why?' Eecause EnglAnd was the onlycountry in which the'chill &en received ca-relimious education. He therefore queslioued"whether, wheni thienoble lord said I that he-preferred seeulareducation to-needncation at all, he hadnockcommitte a.seooud error. (HE*r:)' But his principal object in addressiug-the'House wvas to.siow wshat would bo the result if the whole of the resolnti'un of the noble lord were fully carrTha outs It was important to consider' what. would be- thieir bearingosi.' lhe agricultural districts,of the country. I- had obtaicdrlarefi r from hisown farm1 and snppeaiicgtbepzinciplesrtGesteEbythenoble5lord' vwere. adopted, 'Aaeresul'cs ouldheperftcthyfearfuL. The following was the: return he had etotinedfrom his agent':William Charvnan, ilWysara a servant sn his (ldr.BaU's) fa;m -; his ovrn'wsnes 13s. a weel; be6ide6 a house; he had saa'en children, who. earned is. a-waekl; nahuisg~ tognter 22s. n.wcele. Robert rbor,. 15 ye.ars- on the, farn, wagees. Ide: a-week nni a' lcense; six children who earned' Ge. a-week, m&king' a'g;ether 1in, Jbhma Stevens, 3'i'gyears. a servant ea. ti'o- 'sarm, uis cwn.wages; 14s. a-weeki-,- lie' had brougt', up. 10 children,. whose. averae ea-tninig3s d been 12s. weekly, making together 26. a we& Rober- iarburn, Siysarsa. servanrt on theefarm. wages Ides. a.wssk, having' 10 children, v.;ho. earned lOs. a-week, making togsther' 2Mr. a-week.; Thus- it' appearcdihat-'3Dthese four'fauxiliesthefathernearned 53s. weekly, and' the children 37s. a-week, so that the- childrecr. earnedi something more than two-thirds of 'ie -auiount of the enrning" Gi the' fathers. HoE w ouldask thla.Hbuse ifthefathcrs were'lo be deprived' of tbe earnings ci the children,. how-could eevy provide bread fbr themi? l wasperectlyr impcosible, They vnssb either increasa- the prent'su wzges- to ihe anounra of the loss he thus susained, or they- must make ie np to hinm from a. rate Mhen, a%ain, thossei who were at all consversarLh with agreiulture knew that iF they deprlred the, 1hrmer oE teieltborof childrenaagricuture could net berniedosa. There was nonmachi-wery by which they zould get the weeds un of the land. It could lvy be donb by the Qaeploymant of children; and ifthat employment vere stopped tholand -wo-ald be choked -ith wesds, the cropwouldnch decrease and a national calamity would be result. Th77 was another view which might be taken af this matter. lf chilldrenfweretobekept at schoe2 till h were 15 years old, how vere they to obtain a xaovwledge of fanming or become skilful faTm servantS? Soue perso& snpposed that. the pursuit of agriculture was very smspe, and tha7t any-. -body naiglt learn it. It wazs no- su7ch thing. 1'ext be. becomaing a good sailor, notha wasmore diffcult than jo becomne a good farm.ner's man. Bult children never would. beable to attain a knowledge of fanning if they 'steno. kept to school until they wvere 14 or 15 years of age. The fathers 'uould hate education, the children wouldiaclopt the principles of their paents, and more l ould be done to. mnake educationhatefal in the agricultural districtsA 'hau txe HEouse could-imagine." TLtras the ground upon whioh ho. should have opposed the resolutions if the -noblo lord had 'persisted in them. 'Ho bElieved the machinery of tho noble lord was objectionable. The 3iaistP.r of Education would be something mre than a German Sr,vereigu,for he would have approach to that was afforded to us, for on the first day of the sezsion my noble friend announced his intention to propose resolutions on the subject of education. On a subsequent day he appealed to the head of the Government, in terms not to be misunderstoodand of great selemnity, urging that the moment the preliminaries of peace were signed there could be no duty so pressing and incumbent upon the House as to come to a decision upon the question of education, and, consequently, expressing hisahope that when his resolutions were sabmitted to the House no other public business would be allowed to interfere with the course of the discussions until upon the whole of the points involved in them the judgment of this house should have been given. Thus the preparations for our debate were serious and formal in the highest degree, and I must confess I little expected, when Iheard my noble friend make the request that no other pubEc business should be done by G'overnment from the commencement of these discussions until we had passed our judgment upon all the resolutions, that after the debate had formally begun-after speeches of no or4inary weight and importance had been delivered-the noble lord himself would be the man who, in the middle of that debate, wouldpreventusfrompassingjudgmentuponthemostweighty and momentous of those resolutions, the whole of which he had so formally and so solemnly prepared to give to issue. (Cheers and laughter.) I do not suppose that my noble friend in adopting that course acted without a motive, and I apprehend the explanation of his conduct is clear. He anticipated defeat (cheers), and, weighing in his own mind the comparative amount of disaster -having before him, on the one hand, the certainty of. large majorities against his resolutions, and, on the other-I will not say the ignominy, but the disadvantage of a somewhat premature retreat-he determined to take that of the two evils which philosophy assured him was the least (a laugh), and which, I think, he was justified in believing wotdd bo the least detrimental to his proposals. (Cheers and laughter.) But Iam sure my noble friend will allow me respectfully to represent to him that in proportion as the withdrawal of his resolutions is to their mover more satisfactory than their defeat in the same proportion to most of us the defeat of the resolutions would have been more satisfactory than their withdrawal. (Laughter.) I freely admit that my noble friend did not use any sort of artifice with the committee. He did not shrink from defending his resolutions to the last; he bore them up high in argument, though he avoided a practical issue ; he has left hcis defence of them upon recordbeforethe country,andImust saythat, althoughheusedno artificeto the House in that sense, yet as a manager of debate I think it was, if not an artifice, at least a stratagem that evinces skill of the highest order, that my noble friend should have deliveredhis owvn elaborate and ingenious speech, refuting of course to his entire satis' faction the objections that had been made to his proposals, and then, by the withdrawal of the resolutions which formed the subject of dispute, should have endeavouredto avert the damage and exposure to be apprehended from the residue of the discussion. (Cheers and Laughter.) For that reason it is most important that we should come to a clear and distinct issue in this discussion, and that it should be known to and understood by the country that my noble friend has simply acted the part of a good general anxious to extricate the remnants of his army from a dangerous and desperate position (laughter), and that, in point of fact, the main objections that have been taken to the resolutions of my noble friend are objections entertained as deep convictions by the great majority of the members of this House. (Cheers.) The noble lord has the advantage of the support of a man of the high character of my hon. friend who has just sat down. He has also the advantage of the support of mv right hon. friend the member for Droitwich, whose interest in the subject of education is well known, and who has treated it with so much ability. There are other instances, no doubt, of persons who in their zeal for education were quite ready to accept the proposals of my noble friend; but I think there can be no mistake as to the general sentiments of this House (cheers), and I will endeavour to state in very few words-not wishing to deprive the House of the advantages of that brevity to which allusion has been made-what I conceive the substance of those impressions to be. We do not, in discussing the character of these resolutions, intend to question the intentions of the mover. It is only fair to the mover of the resolutions to adinit that any one who reads them will see that he has been actuated by an anxious desire to save, so far as he could, thle principle of local influence as opposed to that of central control (hear, hear), and likewvise to save the principle of religious instruction as opposed to that of instruction which is purely secular. But saying thus much of the intentions of my noble friend, I must restrict myself to his intentions, for I am convinccd, from the tenor and purport of the scheme as a whole-from what would be its inevitable tendency in the course of its operation--if indeed it could operate-that the expectations of my noble friend in those vital respects would be entirely disappointed. (Hear, hear.) There has been some misunderstmading as to the purport of the speech of my right lion. fnend the member for Carlisle last night. He has been taunated-in an amicable tone indeed, but still tauntedwith having adopted the language of those who are termed the friends of the voluntary principle. I apprehend my right hon. friend tlhought it quite unnecessary for him, bourd up as be has been for many years, and as all gentlemen who have held office in this country have been, on whichever side of the House they imay sit-and responsible, as he has been, for not only the maintenance, but the constant and progressive extension of the present system of Government aid to voluntary institutions throughout the countrv, to fatigue himnself or to waste the time of the House-by formal protests and professions on such a subject. (Hear, hear.) It is equaUy unnecessary for me to enter into any detailed explanations of the views and intentions of my right hon. friend, or to state that they are entirely unchanged. He stands here as the defender of the existing system against a system which it is proposed to substitute for it. (Hear, hear.) We have happily found it practicable in England to associate togetherin the most perfect hannony thesetwo principles-the principle of voluntary exertion, through whichyouget heart and love andimoral influence infused into your school instruction, andthe principle of material aid from the State, by which the skeleton and framework of your education are provided. (Hear, hear.) But, associated as these two principles have been, it may be superfluous for one man or another to say what he would do in the event of its being necessary to sever them one from the otlier. I am convinced that the harmony which has hitherto been maintained between them, even in tiiies of doubt and difficulty, will continue, and, if possible, increase; but if I were driven utterly to abandon the voluntary principle or to place exclusivq rehance upon it, I would not hesitate a moment in making my choice. In such an emergency I would say at once-give ine the real education, the affection of the heart, the moral influences operative upon character, the human love, that are obtained throughthe medium of the voluntary principle carried out by men whose main motive is one of Christian philanthropy, rather than tlrow me upon a system which, whatever the intentions of its first mover may be, must sooner or Later degenerate into hard irreligion. (Cheers.) Now, Sir, the issues whichi were raised by resolutions 2 to 5, inclusive, which I am sorry to say have not been abandoned, were these :-Aly noble friend proposes to provide for the powers of the Privy Council; he proposes to appoint a large nuniber of inspectors, to form the country into new districts, and to empower the inspectors in those districts to report on the available means for the education ofthe poor within them. And my noble fiiend gave what I thought was a singular illustration of the mode in which, under this part of the plan, he intended to encourage the voluntary principle. I understood him to say that when a sufficiently nunmerous corps of inspectors was appointed, it would:be their duty to make calls on the inhabitants of their respective districts at their private residences, and to suggest to them in whatever cases they thought it desirable that a school should be built. I think that my noble friend by this proposition is imposing upon the inspectors a service which might, in particular instances, prove to be one not wholly free from personal danger (a laugh); and I should certainly feel quito safe in going so far as to suggest that among the candidates for inspectorships those should be selected who, coteris paribTus, were the most robust. (Cheers and laughter.) But what do these resolutions mean? Are they a mere extension of the present system? What is the meaning of thus dividing Eng and into new districts ? (flea; hear.) What is the meaning of calling on the Privy Council to report authoritatively on the sufficiency of education, and of making the Privy Council the judge whether the education is sufficient or not? By all means get] from the Privy Council the statistics of education; but do not erect a central organ in this country which shall be authorized to come to Parliament and say, "In districts A and B the education is sufficient, but in all the other districts, from C down to Z, it is insufficient." I look, I confess, with great suspicion on these resolutions ; because I am convinced, so crude and impracticable is the machinery for working these schools by ratepayers-and in many cases recusant and reluctant ratepayers-that that organ which you have appointed with authority to report upon the suf- nciency of education would gradualyabsorb all that the-resolutions leave to local influence, and would result in a -omparatively centralized system of management. (Hear.) My noble friend then goes on to provide for a scheme of compulsory rating. We are first to have an authoritative re- port of the Committee of Privy Council declaring the means of education in a district insufficient. There is then power given to the ratepayers to assess themselves, in order to improve the education. As we proceed to discuss these resolutions the truth of what I said just now as to their tendeny to create a central power becomes more obvious and apparent; because, after the ratepayers or quarter sessions have made a rate, or have refused to make a rate, can the matter stop there? Can half-a-dozen gentlemen sitting in quarter sessions say that no rate shall be levied in a particular district where the chosen organ of the State has declared the education to be insufficient? Suppose that the ouarter sessions don't act, or that they act in an im- proper manner, there must evidently be an interference from head-quarters. The same thing would result if the ratepayers appointed an unqualified schoolmaster; and, I ask, are the rate payers the best judges of swho are the best schoolmastiers ? Would there be no obb g in the appointments ? ould not the broken-dowr. tradesmau who owed the parish something stand a good chance as a candidate ? (Hear, hear.) Whatever value you may set on local influence and local self- government, you betray local self-government if you anplg it topurposesforwhichitis not fitted, Itworks sowehl iu this country because it has been wedded to the habits of the people for more generations than we can count; but if you come down with a span new system of local government inapplicable to the purpose for which it Is intended, it wil share the fate of all those pper oou- repugnance to allow their children to remain during thetime of religious instruction. I have heard that fact stated repeatedly, not only by schoolmasters but by ministers of reigion holding a high position. I must say the proposal that children of tho ages of from 10 to 15 should be taught the various points of particular creeds upon which I'rotestant and Catholic theologians would argue, or that they should be instructed in questions of church government upon mhich members of the church of England and Presbyterian ministers might dispute, seems to me to savour of au excess of religious zeal, or perhaps of an excess of religious animosity. (Hear, hear.) I caunot conceive that we, as a people, are so peculiarly constituted th'at a system hich is successful over the whole continent of Europe and in North A merica should not be equally sueceesfulin this country. I should be sosny tothink that was the case, for it would imply the existence in this country of. religious animosities and of a want of Christian charity wshich do not exst elsewhere. I must say, as I have often stated in this house, that I regard the system of the British and Foreign School Society as best adapted to the people of this country. In the schools of that society the Scriptures are taught, and a plain interpretation. of them is given. The Scriptures are not merely read, but the meaning of the words is explained. The doctrine of our own church is, that nothing need be held as a matter of faith which is not either plainly contained in the Scriptures or which cannot be proved thereby. I cannot therefore think that the teaching of that society ought to be distasteful to the church of England. 'Unfortunately however-though Rine George mH. and his son the Duke of Kent, the father of Her Mlost Gracious Majesty, were both instrumental in the establishment and patronage of the British schools, and for some time carried on the struggle unaided-the question of the use of the Church Cateclism in the schools was raised, and ever since the use of that catechism has been thought necessary, not so much forthe purpose of inculcating peculiar religious tenets as to distinguish church schools from others. (Hear, hear.) I am quite wiUing, although it does not accord with my own opinions, that, if the conDnittee of the parish think it necessary, the Church Catechism should be taught in these schools; but I hold it to be necessary for the security of religious liberty that those children 'whose parents disapprove their learning this catechism should not be compelled to submit to such teaching, and should not, as is proposed bv the amendment of the right hon. gentleman opposite, be in that account excluded from the schools. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord opposite the Member for. Stamford (Lord Robert Cecil), who spoke last night, seemed to me to speak somewhat irreverentlv of the H3oly Scriptures, when he said that Christians differed so much that nothing but pure theism was left. I do notthink that that is correct. (Hear, hear.) It seems to me that the Scriptures contain very plain and very forcible lessons with regard to love of our neighboar and our duties towards him, with regard to forgiveness of injuries, with regard to many moral duties, andtvith regard, above all, toour duty to God. The language of Scripture is more plain and more emphatic and is illustrated by examples which go more to the heart of man and of child than is that of any of those formularies -which have been invented since the 15th century to distinguish between different sects of the Christian church. (Hear.) I therefore hold that, although it is quite necessary that a man who belongs to any particular church should know the reasons why that church differs from others, a boy or girl of at most 14 years of age should not be compelled to learn these differences, and should be allowed to live in the common bond of the Christian church. (Hear, hear.) Persons belonging both to the church of England and to Dissenting bodies say that, if by grants from the Privy Council you support Dis. senting, Church, and Roman Catholic schools, you are supportingdifferentreligions. Ientirely deny the justice of that application of words, andI have good authority for that denial. Towards the end of his life that pious and zealous Protestant, John Wesley, writing about a young man who had become a Roman Catholic, used these words :-" I will not have it said that he has changed his religion. He has changed his opinions and his mode of worship, but religion is not that-it is quite a different thing." It would lead me toomuch into religiousdiscussion if I were to quote what he says further, but this is a clear and, I think, commendable sentence, showing that John Wesley thought that a person who changed his opinions and mode of worslhip did not thereby change his religion, and might, notwithstanding, hold that which was necessary to his salvation. (Hear, hear.) If that be the case, there is no reason why we should apprehend that these school committees will introduce irreligious teaching. Wo have the provision that the Bible shall be read and taught in the schools; we have the Catechism, or such other formulary as the committee may think it necessary to introduce; we have the security-and you can have no other, at least no better security-of the general religious character of the people of this country. If you have not that, then you have no foundation whatever. (Hear, hear.) My right hon. friend (Sir J. Graham) said that I was directly co ying the plan of Massachussetts, and when he appealed to me2 was forced directly to contradict him. The plan of lIassnchussetts and of New York, as I have read itinvarious accounts is that in some schools an extract or portion of the Bible is read for purposes of devotion; in most schools it is not read at all, and in order to avoid any difficulty upon this subject the lessons are not based upon the precepts of Christianity. That is the mode of teaching in Massachussetts, and in a report which I have read, relating, I am not certain, whether to Massachussetts or to New York, it is stated that in many schools the reading of the Scriptures is forbidden by the committee. That is accordingto their opinion of what is right, and we have the testimony of many eminent men that the Christian character of the country is preserved, but it is not preserved in these Nevw England schools. In the schools of this country I propose that it should be preserved. You will, therefore, have denominational schools in large numbers; yon will have church of England schools to a grcat extent ; and you wvill have these schoels which will he supported by rates, and in which a portion of the Bible will be read every day, and such other religious instruction will be given as the committee shall think desirable. Then I am told, as a conclusiv e objection to this scheme, that one sect may gain the superiority on one day, and one on another, and that in the end they may arrive at making the schools secular. This is a somewhat chimerical apprehension. It is a forecasting of evil which does not seem to me to be at all justified by the facts which wo have before us. At any rate, you ought to compare the state of things which is apprehended with that which at present exists. (Hear, hear.) When I am told that there is danger that these schools may, owig to the hostility of different sects to each other, become secular, I compare the state of thingsso apprehended with the facts which have been stated by the right hon. member for Droitwich (Sir J. Pakington), and which are open and ought to be familiar to every member of this house. I mean facts such as these that a boy who, on being committed to prison, was asked if he knew his duty to God, replied that he had never heard of God. Beiii asked if he obeyed tho laws of Christ, he said that he had never heard of Christ; and when asked what he did on a Sunday, he answered that he was- employed in the stables of a farmer, and was never allowed to go either to school or to church on that day. In addition to this you have reports from diff3rent persons, such as those of Mr. Clay, from which you learu that there are hundreds, nay thousands, to whom the most common elements of religion, not only of the Christian, but of natural relgion, are unknown (cheers); and then you say to me, "You shan't have the schools, you shan't teach these children the Bible, you shan't teach them Christianity, because there is danger| that some day or other these schools may tbe perverted andI may assume a secuLar character." I would rather face that dangerthan have things as they are. (Cheers.) Opposed as I have been to secular education, I confess that those who have received such an education are far more likely to imbibe religious principles than those who remain in this state of brutal ignorance. (Hear, hear.) Such therefore is my view with respect to the religious teaching to be given in the schools which are to be supported by rates. There is another provision which respects the education of children and young people employed by persons other than the owners of factories. I do not we-l understand how hon. gentlemen, especially the right hon. baronet the member for Carlisle, can say that this provision is oppressive and despotic, when, since the year 18.35 or 1836 there has been in operation a law which, in regard to 35,000 children provides that until they ara 13 years of age they shall not receive eniyloyment unless they attend schooL Whether the limit is 13 or 15 years does not at present matter for the purpose of these resolutions. The law consecrates the principle that upto 13 years of age you will use this compulsory metho d of providing that education is given to those children,and iftheprovision is extendedtoagreater number, the principle remains the same. If it is despotic and oppressive with regard to the 35,000 it oughttobe done away with. If, on the other hand, it is with re"ard to that number right and useful, nothing but practical diuiculties should induce you to refrain from applying it in other cases. That there are practical difficulties and very great practical difficulties, I am quite wiing to admit. In my resolution I provide, that the certificate shall be given only half-yearly, in order as much as possible to avoid that continual vexation to which my right hon. friend (Sir J. Graham) has referred. But I think that, although the operation would be gradual, yet it would be a good and wholesome provision that those farmers who are in the practice of employing young cersons should-I can hardly say compel them, hut-allow them to attend schooL I have' s-een's-tat-e m-ent-s, no-t wi'th re-gar-d to farmers, but to other persons, -which I think deserve the attention of the committee. A lady, well acquainted with facts, writes to me that the employers in her neighbourhood -a minins district-object to the children going to school, because v,henever they do so they do not go to their work very willingly afterwards. (A laugh.) Another correspondent states that a farmer near him has been heard to say he would not give anything to a day-school, because he finds that since a Sunday-school has been established the birds haveincreased and eathis corn, and because he cannot now procure the services of the boys whom he used to employ the whole of Sunday in protecting his fields. (A laugh.) With such cases as these I think it is no hardship-on the contrary, it is a fair provision to introduce-that you should take care that the employers of young persons should give them some kind of education. Of course, you must suit your enactment to the particular circumstances of the case. You must not ask the children to go one-half oofthe day to school and the other half to work. You m ust have certain days set apart for education whereby, instead of diminishing the employment of these yorn- persons, as my right hon. friend says, you would greatfy inmrease it. (Hear, hear.) My right hon. friend sta,es that farmers would at once leave off employing children. I cannot think that. (Hear, hear.) If an emplcyer gives 4s. a-week to one of these boys, wilU it be m aintained that if he is asked to give 4s. 2d.-the 2d. to go to the school-he would not continue to employ the boy, ho vever convenient and profitable he may have been to him at 4s. ? Wilthat odd2d. make all the difference? It is done-I have quoted the case once before-by a noble lord in his collieries voluntarily; it is done by factory owners; and I do not see whyit should not be imitated lsewhere. (Hear, hear.) Many of the owners of fActories have not only complied with the letter of the law, but have established excellent schools by their ovm benevolence and liberalty (hear, hear); and in all cases the effect of the act has been to induce manufacturers to take greater care of all the young persons working in their factorIOs than summation I desire with the sanction of the Lgi-' lature." Sir, those are eloquent words. (Cheers.) They were pronounced by my right hon. friend the meraer for Carlisle, but at a tine when he had not become a disciple ot the voluntary system (a ]augh)before he had rea those two pamp~hlets which seem to have obliterated all the knowledge and information which he had previously received. With a mind which had long been ponderng on this subject-with a-mind filed with accounts and reports from every part of thelkdngdom-be had come to a wise decision; bat now aunpear two pamphlets, and they sweep away every trace of hus previous knowledg'e and refiection. (A laaght) Bat let me not attempt to add any words to those which I have read.!Q Ido not feel dsposedto apologizefor having brought forward this great subject. I have had at heart the welfare of thisa country, and Ido trust that the cause of education will prosper, whether by these resolutions or by any others that may be proposed. (Cheers.) Sir G. GREY.-I am quite sure that I express only the unanimous opinion of the committee when I say that there is no one who could be induced to impute the slightest de- gree of reprehension to my noble friend for having devoted I the great talents which he possesses and the large influence i which he so deservedly enjoys to an attempt to extend the I blessings of popular education to every class of the community. Whatever opinions may be entertained with regard to the details of the resolutions which he has proposed, the country will appreciate the motives which induced him to bring them forward, and wil respect his determined reso. lution to labour in that cause for the good of his country and of his fellow-subjects, undaunted by the former failures alike of Governments with which he has himself been connected and of others. (Hear, hear.) I must say, Sir, though I feel that every discussion of a plan of general education reveals more distinctly than before the difficulties of the question, that I thinL, that barren as these discussions may h)e of any actual product in the shape of legislation, they are not devoid of benefit. I belieov that the attention of the country being called to the subject is of itself an immense ad,antage; and it is also of great importance, if it only recalls to our attention our individual responsibility, not only as members of the Legislature but as members of society, and induces us to use all the means in our power to effect the great object which my noble friend, in common with other members of the House, has in view. (Hear, hear.) There is no one in this country scarcely who contends that education is not a blessing and a benefit, and who does not desire to see it extended; and the only difference of opinion which exists is as to the best means of effecting that object. When hon. gentlemen say that nothing is requisite but a resolute course of conduct to overcome the difficulties which embarrass this question, I must say that my experience leads me to a different conclusion. The hon. and learned member for 3idhnrst, in an admirable first speech last night, said that he did not see why that which had been accomplished aliLe in despotic countries and in free States could not be accomplished here. I must say, that I think those who hold this opinion, and who say that a system of education has been successfully established in despotic States and in one free State, overlook the fact that we in this country, in accordance with the feelings of the great mass of the population, refuse to adopt the means which have been adopted in those despotic States and in that free State. In despotic States religion is not excluded from the schools, but one religion only-that of the State-is taught; and in the free State the difficulty is got rid of by excluding religion from the schoois altogether. I do not believe that we are prepared to adopt either of these neans of facilitating the establishment of a successful system of education (hear, hear), and therefore the inference which is sought to be drawn is not a fair one. The statement which has been made by the noble lord as to the course which he means to adopt very much narrowrs the ground of difference between hon. members of this House vith regard to these resolutions. Upon those resolutions in reference to which the greatest difference of opinion exists he does not intend, as I understand him, to ask the House to give an opinion; he proposes merely to ask the House to go into comnmiittee upon the first five, by which is affirmed the expediency of extending revisions and consolidating the minutes of the Committee of Privy Council of Edaucation, and of appointing inspectors to report on the state of education throughout the country. That being the case, it will be unnecessary for me to trouble the House at so great a length as I should otherwise have done; but, besides statingthe course which the Goverment intend totake with regard to these resolutions, I shall feel it my duty to state what they would have done had the noble lord gone on with the whole of these resolutions, and also what they proposed to do with reference to the motion of the right hon. gentleman the member for Oxfordshire, that the Chairman do now leave the chair. With regard to this motion, Iet me say that we are not now discussing these resolutions in a committee of the whole House owing to any rule which requires them to be so discussed. When my noble friend submitted these resolutions it was perfectly competent for him to have submitted them tothe House, butit vassuggested, Ibelieveby Mr. Spealker, that it would be more convenient to discuss them in committee, when there would be greater freedom for any hon. maember to speak more than once if it were necessary. It would be unfair to my noble friend to say that we would not consider these resolutions, and that directly we had gone into committee, under an arrangement intended to be for the general conve nience of the House, we should immediately get rid of that committee and refuse to consider my noble friend's proposals. To the motion therefore of the right hon. gentleman the Government cannot give their assent. Beyond this they are prepared to a certain extent to agree to tho resolutions of my noble friend. To the first resolution the Government have no hesitation in giving their cordial assent. It has been objected that this resolution would absolve the Government from the responsibility which properly belongs to them nowr in the matter of education, that without any such resolution they may revise, consolidate, and extend the minutes of the Committee on Education, and that, therefore, it is unnecessary for the House to interpose. On the contrary, it appears to me that the hands of the Government would be very much strengthened if this House were, with the experience it has had of the worldng of the Committee of Education, to vote that they regarded it as expedient that this system should be extended, as it is indeed now being extended by the Committee of Education. My right hon. friend the member for Carlisle, whose speech I certainly heard with as much surprise, as my noble friend, does]not object to the revision and consolidation of the minutes of the Council on Education, but he objects to pledge the House to their extension. Whether he objects to their extension itself, or whether he merely objects to this House sanctioning their extension by a direct vote, I could not gather. I hope the last; for certainly no maan in this house has done more, whether in or out of office, to effect that object. (Hear, hear.) I should thinkhe would be the last to sanction the constraction which I know has been placed upon his speech of last night-that he was favourablo to the views of those who object to the expenditure of one shilling of public money for the promotion of education, as they do to any of the resolutions proposed by my noble friend. I heard the speech of my right hon. friend cheered by the advocates of the voluntary system, and certainly my right hon. friend did not throw out anything afterwards to moderate the heat of their approbation. He appeared to adopt the voluntary principles of Mr. Baines, and to approve the voluntary system, unsupported by any Parliamentary grant, as advocated by that gentleman and many hon. members of this House, who hold the doctrine that any State interference and any Parliamentary grant for educational purposes are unnecessary, and that they only impede the spread of educacation and retard the efforts of its best friends. If that be not the case, I hope we shall hear from my right hon. friend before this debate closes that he did not mean to maintain that voluntary efforts were not to be aided and assisted by Parliamentary grants, that he only meant to pay a just tribute to the results of those voluntary efforts, which, as no one can deny, have produced such beneficial results; and that he does not lose sight of the fact that those voluntary efforts have been developed and supported by Parliamentary aid. (Hear,hear.) If thisbehis3meaning,Iamafraidthat the cheers with which his speech was greeted last night would not have been quite so hearty, had it been more clearly expressed. (Hear, hear.) My right hon. friend read statistics furnished by Mr. Baines and Mr. Unwin, showing that the people of this country, in his and in their opinion, are an educated people. I cannot go so far as to agree with nun mn that statement; but I do cordislly agree with him that, Nwithix the last 20 or 30 years education has made enormous preogress in this country, and what we have to nquire is, how that progress can be maintained, and in what mranner we can best promote, assist, and guide voluntary exertions. My noble friend told us that 2,000,0001. had been expended since the commencement of these grants, and in moving the education estimates last year I stated that between 1833 and 1854 4,514 schools have been erected, enlarged, or improved by the aid of the Parliamentary grant; that 700,000 scholars had been provided with additional or improved school accommodation- and that a number of schools, approaching, to ono-third of tho total number of public schools returned by the lRegistrar-General in the census of 1851, had been erected or improved by the aid of this grant in the course of 21 years. The grant in 1839 was 30,0001., and in 1856 it was 450,0001. {Hear, hear.) These grants have gone on progressively increasmg, and I believe that a majority of this House wo ldwillingly vote sums still largerif it coufld be shown thattheywerenecessary. my right hon. friend, when he was Secretary of State in 1842, in defending the education vote in Committee of Supply, declared the intention of Sir R. Peel's Government not only to adhere to the system of education, based on the minates of the Committee of Privy Council, but to do their utmost to extend it. He also exnressed their intention to apply to the purposes of national education every fund which. inr etqity and law might be made applicable to that sacred use, I and concluded with these words,-" If we should find i it difficult to carry these views with reference to educa, tion into effect, it is our intention to trust to tWe liberality of Parliament for an additional grant." A.nd on that occasion the sum that was voted vas 40,OrSjG, E othat between 1839 and 1842 there was an increvze of 10,0001., and the last year in which the estimates we,.e preI pared by that Government the education grant, u'ader the auspices of my right hon. friend, amounted to 100,00ai. to those wtho were parties to these grtats, and who had at first the greatest difficulties to encosrtgr ;n obtaining the
BOCUIESTER ELECTION COMMITTEE. The select committee appoined to try the allegations con- tained in the petition presented bv certain electors of' Rochester against the return of mr. Ykehuin artin for that borough met again yesterday morning at half-past U' o'clock-, in one of the committee-rooms of the House of Com. mans, Ir. In"hamn, the chairman, presiding. Mr. Slade, ??.c., and Mr. Cooke appeared as counsel for the pettioners; and the sitting member was represented by Mfr. Coppock;, his agent. The committee sat with closed doors iuntil a-quarter past 12 o'clock, when, on the admission of strangers, the CAi-' MIAi announced that the committee had come to the follo,win' resolution:- "T That Philip Wykeham Martin, sq , was duly elected to serve in the present Parliament for the city of Rochester, and that the agents be examined with reference to any cir-: cumstances touching the abandonment of the petition which contained charges of bribery." Mr. BLADE said, the petition had been withdrawn at the last moment on Wednesday night, upon the advice of him.- self and his leared friend MIr. Cooke. Mr. M. Spofforth, the agent of the petitioners, was. then examined, and stated t'hat he had been instructed to' prepare the petition, which contained charges of bribery,. abduction, and treating. He had nothing to do with get-' ting up the cases of bribery, he had not made out any' list, and was not requested to go down to IRochester until two days before the sitting of the committee, to ascertain the nature of the evi*nce as to the charges of bribery. When he went to Rochester, on the 5th of April, he found that the evidence was defective, and that there was not sufficient time to get it up; and on his return he, consulted with counsel, who advised that the petition should be withdrawn, and it was under that advice alone that the petition was withdrvawn. He had had no com-. munication with the agent for the sittinz member on the subject until he wrote to Mr. Coppock ite same night, informing him that it was intended to withdraw the pet,i- a member of the committee, asked Mr. Spofforthhow bh came to delayhis inquiries so long? Mr. Spofforth replied that Mr. Crosse, another Parlia. mentary agent, had previously investigated the case, and he merely went down to Rochester to verify that gentleman's labours. MIr. Samuel Massey Crosse, of 2, Bessborough-gardens, was called, and deposed that be was employed in the case by the local agents of the petitioners, and that he went to Rochester before the petition was presented, to ascertain if there was any ground for it. His inquiries led him to believe that there had been cases of bribery, treatin, and abduction, and the petition was therefore presented in due course. Mr. BDNG, a member of the committee, to witness.- How many Speaker's warrants did you issue ?-About 160, but only 40 were served. Mr. BYvG.-It is alleged that, at the time you served these, you used threats towards the voters. 'Is that so 1- No, it is not. I did nothing of the sort. Mr. Coppock, the agent for the sitting member, was next examined, and he dec.red that the petition had been withdrawn without any communication whatever wvith him. The fact was, he added, that the last election was the purest on the Liberal side ever known, and when the petition was presented he conksidered it as a sort of threat with the view to some compromise so as to affectthe next election. He had, howvever, treated the petition, from first to last, as frivolous, and he beleved it to be so still The CuARussLtX then directed the room to be cleared. Mr. SLADE honed the committee would hear him before they declared tie petition 'to be frivolous and vexatious. If the committee would only assist him in the matter, he would undertake to sabstantiate every allegation in the, petition. Mr. Coppock insisted that such an observation ought not to have been made; but, having been made, he had no alternative but to meet it with a flat denial, With regard to the application of the learned counsel, be had no right to be heard now, as the only question to be determined rested entirely with the committee under the provisions of the 6th and 6th of Victoria, chap. 102. The room was then cleared, and, the committee havingremained in deliberation some short time, the parties were again called in, when The CT Y iAL said, the committee had come to the following resolution:-That the pcetition, which contained charges of bribery, having been abandoned, they had examined the agents on both sides, hut they found there was nothing in the circumstances requiring any special report to the kIouse. They were further of opinion that the petition has frivolous and vexatioues. The parties then withdrew, and the committee separated.
It will be seen by our Parliamentary report that Lord John Russell alluded in the House of Commons last evening to the occurrence of a domestic affliction in the family of the hon. member for the West Riding. The event referred to is of a very distressing nature, consisting of the sudden death at Weinhim, Baden, on Monday last, of Mr. Cobden's only son, a youth of 15. THE LATE FATAL 3O3 ER ErxpLosioN ix PoiBTsroun DocKru;D.-The inquests held by Mr. C. B. Longeroft, coroner for the county of Hants, at the RLoyal Naval Hospital at Haslar, and by, r. W. J. Cooper, coroner for the borough of Portsmouth, at the Eagle Tavern, Portsea, have elicited the fullest particulars relative to this melancholy catastrophe. Evidence was very conclusive by Mr. Murray, Superintendent Engineer of Portsmouth dockvard, Mr. Lynn, assistant-engineer, Mr. Wels, the master Dlacksmith of the yard, and other respectable vitnesses, as to the perfect construction of the boiler which burst, and all agreed that the boiler must have got redhot, wbich could not have happened had a sufficiency of water been in it; but, as there was no evidence to prove any wilful neglect on the part of the man (William Edw ards) wvho tended the boilers, who bore an excellent character, and haa been upwards of eight years discharging the same duty, verdicts of "Accidental death" were returned in both inquests. The names of the kIlled were John Williams, Stephen.Pearman, James Lee, William Parrott, and Robert Wright. The first named has left a widow and three children; the second a widow and four children ; the third and fourth were the sole support of widowed mothers. Lee has left a widow and three children. None of these men were " established" hands, consequently their surviNing relatives will not have any claim upon the Government. THEs HoRTiccTuxAL SocIEry.-We are sure that ourreaderswi 1 learnwithregret thatan oldfriend,theHorticultural Society, which has so long contributed so greatly to its amusement and instruction, is forced, owing to the unsatisfactorystate of its finances, to appeal to the public. The following circular to the members will explain the position of the society:-" I am directed by the council to inform you that at the special general meeting of this corporation, held on Mtonday, March 31, the following resolution wvas moved by the Right Hon. Earl Grey, seconded by Mr. John Evelyn l)enison, HP., and carried nnanimoulsly :-' That the council be authori2ed to terzninate the tenancy of thegzarden at Chiswick as soon as the lease vill permit, and that the property therein be sold, unless such a sum as the council may require for maintaining thegarden shall have been subscribedbefore May L' With reference to this resolutionthe counCil venture to refer you to the printed papers which have been sent you within the last few months, and especially to that dated M1arch 31, which will have a prised you that the state of the society's finmances had led the council, with the greatest possible regret, to the conclusionL that, with a view to re-estblish the society upon a more secure foundation, it had, in their opinion, become absolutely necessary to relinquish the garden. From this view many gentlemnen dissent, being of opinion that a garden which has so eminently contributed to the progress of horticulture and which is the only establishment of the kind in the kingdom, ought not to be given up without every possible effor' beingnmade to:preserveit. They believe that byanew organia. tion of the garden, by giving greater importance to the meetings in Regent-street, by admitting a new class of subscribers and by making a strenuous effort to revive the exhibition, once so productive of income, the garden may be retained in its integrity, and rendered more useful than it ever has been. Those gentlemen entertain a confident expectation that such objects may be accomplished b! an appeal to all persons interested in horticultural pursuits, who, they doubt not, will respond to the condition contained in Leord Grey's resolution i and that by donations and the introduction of new memoers the finances of the society will be placed in a position which will enable it to carry.out with renewedl vigour tho great objects for hich it ws inorporatedL The society is, however, not in a condition to try expensive ,experiments, or even to mainain the gardenwithout pecuniary assistance to the extent of at least 5,000.-a sum requiredto pay off the pressbingdemands mentioned at the foot of page 5 of the circular of March 31, and to provide the means of further progress. It is in order to ascertain whether this sum can be obtained that the present appeal is made to the public; and yon are earnestly requested to communicate to the council your sentiments and intentions on this subject, in order that they maybe able to present a full and accurate report of the fnancial prospects of the society on the 1st of MIay. The council-onld, moreover,state that tho5e who may intimate their intention to subscribe willunot be called upon for their donations unless the whole amount subscribed at least approaches the sum Coovementioned." Pito:Poszr IEW VRSION OF TEE BIB=.-There are now three petitions, signed by 10 persons, for a new version of the Bible. Some of the petitioners, who are well acquainted with the original languages, are of opinion that the authorized version of the Scriptures is "not so free from, faults as the translation of such a booI ought to be." They also point to the fargreaternmnber of MSS. now accessible to translators, by which muny existing pasges are proved to be spurious, and urge that "to require that anything should be regarded as the Word of God which numbers of sound scholars and excellent men have pronounoedaforgery is unworthy of aDefender of the Faith." All these petitions were presented by 3r. Heywood, 3E.P.
WEYS LOST-a small bunch; among them two AS Patent, ontdatring. FIVE SHILLINGS' REnARD.if taken hasmediatetY to Mr. Kennedy. news agent, 9, Upper BeAeley-streat, :P".rtjnazaaqna&ee (EKEPreidet ad Cmmittee of the KIRK-BY ~LohSDaE XECHANICS' and LITERARY INSTITUTION 3Rare afely RECEIVED the truly valusdble gilt of BOOKS. Coins. 1Seell-. &c~. to the above Institution, by "One who wNaz an Illiterate SieePherd!s BOn wrho drove coal carts throueh the to,en of Kirkby Zxnsdale now more tbaa 60 yeam ago," and beg he wiM accpt their 2-,stgrateful THANKS. LOX]JN CORORATON BILL.-The Livery- Lodnaeeam-estly reque-,ted to attend a, Guildhall, ~n ueaaynxt~whe aCOMMO,N HLALL will be held to take into ~unfdeatln te aovenamd Bll,nowr before Parliamnent.-CEhN~l'RAL CMMITTEE.Gultdhal, April11. 113,3. t'IOOK-S003 A Y-.LonIdon Corporation Bill.- X./ Te Lierymn ofthe Wyorshiptul Comapeny of Cooks are re(Tinste toMEL th Materand w9ardens of the Comnpany at the Gojidall Cffeeh use n'-eteeet. Cheap=e on edneda3;next, theitc dy o Ariliusta~ a bll-ast2 'clckin the afternoon Treisey,tss th prpoe f cnsierng he roisinsof a Bill for thebeter egnatsonof he ororaionof heCity of Loandon,po aened o te ous ofComou bySirGeogeGrey, which aMMct JOHs BEKWFrH OWSII,Clerk and SoUlctor 24, Lawrence rountoey-lane. Api1.13. .1AlIE A:-IRo,Travedian.-James Anderson 4 begs. ytseccifully to inform those managers who have honoured i3im.by anapplication for his services, that his arranigements for the Isresnt are complete, and that ho cannot negotiate other engagements Itill the month of May.-3Mr. James Andersn appears THIS EVENr2NsG, in conjunctionl with 31iss EisworthY. at the Theatre Royal, Barn's HoteL I. py next visit LiverpooL. April 21. Bao' Htl incoln's-inn. GEORGE ANDREWS, See. ER MJESY'sTHEATRE.-It is respectfully - anounced that Her Mfajesty's Theatre will RE-0PtsX early in Illy. Engagements of great interest have been effected both in Opera e'nd Ballet, and the best exertions used to make t arsgernents wyorthy of the occasion. The pr etus will shortly* 2ssead. The substr-ibers and friends of Her 'Maesty's Theatre, who feel a2s interest In the success of this great estAblishment, are respectfully invited to torwrgarly intimation of their intention to subscribe. The season Se-ill coniLst of 10 nIghts, and the prices will be as follow :-Pit boxes IO0toi50 guineas; grand titr, 150 t)> 200guineas, one pair, 120 to 150 guineas ; twvo pair, 15 to 100 guineas; pit stAlls 25 guineas. The boxoffice is now open. QRYAL ITALIA-N OPERA, LYCEUM.-MIr. GYRE hegs most respectfully to announce that be will duringX the rsrseu seson gie he PEIA a th LYEU THEA~TRE. The satscrptin illbe,or 0 ighs, ommncng n Tesdy ext. April IR wth Vrdis ne grad oera,IL TOVAORE.Thebox-ollico 0f th thetre,in Welingon-sreet.is oen fomID till 5 o~clock. I) R RY.IANE.Ens'ish per.-In consequence of he xacingnatre f i Trvatcethis opera. notwithtatnddog he ncrrse enhusism ithwhih i i~reeelve. on each evensog. -cn ony b pesetedfou tmesa wek.THS EVNIWING IffaturP.!isaFany uddzt blsst)yr, r.Augstu Bahan.Mr. Henry Baih. r.Manice, r. eni Daytn.Mr.usnd,SlrS.Champnoa. .&c Tobe -shwe hya ~andbaletdiveriseet, entitled T!HE NCHANED GAJ)hN:Miss ees M. Farer, and the Dumexoos Corps de Ifa1let. Redcdpie suulsal,4s. ; dress circle, Ztes. t circle and pit,I.;uprcrl and apihar,I. callery, t.Priv~ate boxes, lOs Cd, 115,an s Neonwils Mauel eev and a new suoemfsulcney of Sp THEs wl i!ppear in the new balletpatm eofE AMUI ;orTh Jdexican.Goldreeker. Ad(bydeieTongtStuay.nd n idonday and Tuesday next, LEND M IESLLNS r 4-ollhtly (bis original chamecter). r.Bc atn. With tho new ffsrce of THE POSTM3AN'S KhOCK. ri UKATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-Mr. J. RANSFORtD hns the honour to announca that his Annual C,oncert andi Dramatic Performsanic will take place at the above 'theatze~ on Wednesday, APril 16, on which ocsso wl bep resented -the highlysnonces3ful'comedy, entitled THE EVIL GENIUS. After ,which, th e allet pantomime entitled EL GA' NBUSIINO. in which .Senor.a Peren Nena and Senor3Manuel Perez will appear. To which ialt he added a Grand Loncert. Vocalists-Msdame Ruidersdordf, a,hiss Ranusford, MISce. Rudersdorf B Mr. Henry Haigh. and M1r. Bansltord, Flute -Mr. R. S. P'ratten. Concertina-M1r. B. Blagrove. Con.doctor-M1r. Lindsay Sloper. In the course of the Concert the -edeZjrated Spanish M1inistreis will sing " Le I'ou'roir do la Mll1odie," and Lcs Rtataplan sdu Val d'Andorre." To concltude with the popular farce ,of ONLY A HALPET1NNY, as performuedl before the Queen at 'Windor- Castle. in which M1r. iuekbstne wilt appear. Tickets and phsces to he had at the box-oiSee of the theatre ; of Mlesses. Campbell. Elan:tord, and CD., 53. iNew Bond-street ; and of M1r. Rausford, 59, Vfetbec kstreet, Csvr,endish-square. ROYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THIci ItE-VENING ISaturday). THE CORtSICAN BSROTHERS: UrHE V'IcTOR VA-NQUIS lRED : and A PRINCE: FOR AN HOUR. QT.JAINESs THEATRE.-Mndame and M. Gassier, 3'sIdIe. 'Heril, r. Pank od, ndCM . Alfred Mellon(wth fuelt Y-orcEATRa)wlpEn ROAtLheab, ThAtreLon WednesdyAri an; -wIch otrccaion.-ret Hi-he trnd o TeLL l bdelh perfoma.Led bynth IaamatCeeust whoply last ear.-aforgtso the Paoin Rimean Fundes-if mnie, sme veryesening in~ whircher M yr. B. Webster. M Sr. Wright,an 31. P ord, M~r. Charles Selby, Mfr. Garden, Mladame Celeste, SIL-s WVyndhsm. fc. And the last night of the grand burlesque and comic pantomime of JACIK AND THE BEAN STALK; o r, H1arlequin and Mlother Goose at Home Again. Jack and Harlequin, 3adernme Coleste: Mlother Goose and Columbine, Miss lvyndham (as Pmerformed hy command before Her Mrajesty and the Royal Famsily). EMATRE ROYA-L, SADLER's-WELLS.-- T Ltilht of the eminent tragldenne, M1iss Coshman, in her extraordinary representation of Mleg Dlerrilies.-In consequence of ,b=dre'is being nightly unable to obtain admission to see the greatest -actress of the age, the Mfanager requests that places in the boxes 'be secured beforehand. THIS EVENING (last time). GUY 31AN. NERING ; and I itively the last timie buit one) Pianneh's best 1urleaque, THE O`VISIBLE PrINCE. Mr. andl M.rs. Charles 3lilon, of the Theatres Royal, M3anchester, Edinburgh. DubLn, &e., -wil apper. on M1onday. April 21, in the drama of Belphegor. Boxes, le and 2s.: pit. Is.:- gallery. 6d. ]ROYAL SURREY THEATRE-.f-HW1WE ~LIVE IN THE WORLD OF LONDON. Thll great secret is nightly siscto,cd. Sixth appearance in England of Mlons. Hanlon, whose incredlible Performances have beeni pronounced by the Emnperor Napoleon to be most unprecedented, briliant, and wonderfnl: {~HET NAIONA STADARDTHEATRDE.- R(OYAL 3IARYLEBONETETETI ILDVNDG(ISaturday. April-12), the play ofWJLLIAM TELL. Agnes. To conclude with THE DUMB3POaTILION:IMr.and 'tes. Harvey, Acting and. Stage MNanager-M.H Stirling. Boxes, .2s. :pit. Is. ; ga11en; 6d. DRURY-LANE..ENGLISH OPERAI. 'Under the Mfanagement of Mfessrs. J. H. Tully and F. Kingsbury. THIS EVENING, IL TIROVATORE ; or. The Gipsy's Vengeance. --Characters by Lucy Es:cott, Mliss P. Huiddart ; Mr. A. Brahwm, Mel. Henri Drayton, M1r. Durand. &c. To conclude with THE ENCHANiTED GARDEN. THEATRE ROYAL. HAY-MARRET. Under the Mlanagement- of M.r. Buckstone. THIS EVE-NLNG, THE EVIL G&NIUS. fBy Messrs 3Ruckatone, Comptou Mi sses Reynolds, Swanhorough,&ct. After which. El GA2I1BUS00,; Or. The Mexican Goldsceker. To be followed by LEND ME FIVE SHILLINGIS. To conclude with THIE POSTMAN'S KNOCK. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. 'Under the Management of M1r. Charies Kean. THISEVEI'USG w-il be presented THE CORSICAN BROTHERS. -Taisien and Louis de Franchi. by Mr. C. Kean. After which, THE ~VCOtVANQUISHED. To conclude wvith A PRINCE FOR AN B1OUR. _______ __ THEATRE ROYAL,, ADELPHI. 1Proprietor. M,Nr. B. Webster; Dlirectress, Mfadamne Celeste. THIS EVENING will be presented LIKE "ANI UNLIKE. Cha. o'acter. by M1essrs. B. Webster, WVright. P. Bedlford C. Sellby, Garden, Zl,treannd. Henry; Madame Celeste. Mi,ss Wyndham.Mlisalnidlaw, ft. .To concun-do with JACK AND THE BEAN STALK ROYAL OLMPIC THEATRE, Lessee, M1r. Alfred Wigan. THIS EVEN-IN-G will bepresented STILL WATERS RUZN DEEP. J7ohn Mll1dmay, Mr. A, Wigan; Mrs.1Hector Stermbold, Mrs. Stirling. 'Xocronclade withTHE DISCREET PRINCESS. C'haracteraby essrs. 'F. Robou. Emneey. Danvers. H.COOPer.White. CIiton: f'tisesJulla St. -George,Ternaa,Marston. mirsell,andaStephens. Commeunesalt past7I, THEATRE ROYAL, SADLER'S-WELLS. 'Under the Mlanagemnent of Mlr. George A. Webster. MHI EVENING will he p resented GUY MlANNERING. Meg !,errili-s. Miss3 Cuslunan; Dandie Dinmont. Mr. Barrett;: Dirk Ha-ttteraickc, Mr. H F. Edl'=r Juli ls 3,11's Godon; lucy, Miss M~. 'Oliver. Aftor whch. THfM VISIBL P'RINCE. To conclude with -other Entertainments. ROYAL SURREY THIEATRE. lessees, Mlessrs. Shepherd ansi Creswik. THIS EVENING will be Presented HOW WVE LIVE IN THE 'WOIILD OF LONDON.- Characteraby Mtessr. Shepherd, C. A.Calvert, Z3. H. Rickards, Hlitldicomsb. &-.; MiSmes Mrarriott, E. sanders. he. -After which. N. Hanlen's Performanices. To be followed by THE XOSTMAX'S KNOCK. To conclude with TUVELHAUsEN. ASTLEY'S ROYAL AM1PHITHEATRE, Lesss and M1anager, btr.W. Cooke. TEHIS EVENING i wr e t-ed~ TH AA OWF THE DESERT AND HI FVAITFU S ED. Alter whicb. tho Seness don the Circle. he. To conclude with THE GRAND) SPRING ZIEETING A-ND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. To_CdREsro.NnbEjNTTs. 'Our readers are requestedl to observe that the price of The Times3 is reduced to 4d., and that 5j. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp afflxed. Under the amendedi regulations of the Post-offiCe QT0. 60) The Timnes is transmissible by POst to British colonies andl foreign countries -without an im.pressed stamp. 'No notice can be talken of anonymous commtunications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the na-me and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but 3a a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to return rejected communications. J4TThe publication of Tuan Tn3mr coixmenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, and finished at a quarter to 10.
LONDO.Y. SATUBDAY, APRIL 12, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday the Royal assent ywas given by commission to the Trial of (ffencet B11y the Comamons' Enclosure Bill, the Turnpike lrsqts' Arrangemnent Bill, ti3 Delamere Forest Bill, the Out-.pensioners(Greenwrich and Chelsea) Bill, and the Secretary to the Poor Law Commissioners (Ireland) Bill. The Bishop of E1TE laid on the table a bill to Teulate proceedings against clerks in holy orders for ecclesiastical offences. The bill was -read a first time. The Bishop of BANGOR moved for the production of the report of a former cormuission on the subject of churcl dscipline. The Bishop Of Exnrrn moved that the report be 'Printed. The tORD CHANcEriToR suggeste that there might Ie a sufficient number of the reports in stock to render the reprinting it mnaecessary. The return waa ordered, and the House adjourned. In the House of Commons, on the motion tha' PI RiousO at ita rising do adjourn until Monday, various questions were put and discussed: one, by 31r. Boyxn, concerning the regulations of PentonviUe Prison as to the access of ministers of religion to prisoners not members of the Established Church; another, by Sir DEB Licy EvANs, related to the services of the chaplains of the army in the war (upon whose merits Lord PAjzR.sToN pronounced a warm encomium, which he extended to the ministers of. all denominations); a third was an inquiry whether the Court now sitting under Sir A. WooDFoitB would examine into the specified charges in the report of Sir J. 'rNEzI and Colonel TuLLocn, attributing the deaths in the Crimean army to overwork, exposure to wet and cold, improper food, and insufficient shelter; to which Mr. F. PEEI, replied that it was not the province of that Court to institute such an inquiry, or to examine into matters of this kind, except so far as they might grow out of the case of any particular officer. The motion for adjournment was agreed to, after a protest from Sir J. PAxmoGTON against the practice of putting and debating these questions upon such a motion. The House having resolved itself into a Conmmittee upon Education, the adjourned debate upon the first resolution was resumed by Lord J. RussExL, who began by expressing his surprise at the speech of Sir J. GrAuiM, and at his beconing, though a member of the Committee of Privy Council, the trumpet of the voluntary principle. That principle, he said, had never been adopted by any nation; and, although he admitted it had done great things in this country, yet it was not possible to maintain the purely voluntary principle with that of establishmnents. Then the voluntary principle came to this-it seemed to maintain that, while you Imay support the criminal law, the gaol, and the gibbet, you may not teach any religious truth. But if a criminal could tell a judge who reproached him for violating the laws of GOD and man that he had never been taught there vas a GOD or what the laws were, the State was chargeable, if it connived at suclh a state of things, with a neglect of a mlost serious and solemn duty. Passing rapidly in review the series of resolutions, in order to show the general aspect of his plan, which he denied to be altogether compulsory, or to deserve the character of a Government monopoly, Lord JoHN proceeded to discuss the various details, noticing and replying to objections. The proposal to empower the Charity Commissioners to apply eharitable funds to the purposes of education had not, as he showed, originated with him; but he defended a departure from the strict letter of the foundation, provided the real object of the founder was substantially carried out. The employment of the Quarter Sessions as an organ of imposing a rate had, he observed, been much canvassed and condenmned; but he did not knowv where the authority, to be exercised in extreme cases, could be better placed in confornmity -itih tthe existing law. The most important question arose upon the 10th resolution, which provided for religious in~struction, and it had been said, he remarked, that schools supporteddby a rate would become secular schools. But he had evidence which convinced lihim that, although the difficulty was serious enough in that House, among various denominations, and among theorists, yet in practice there was very little difficulty in the matter. WVhen he as told, he observed, that there was a danger, if these schools were adopted, that they miglht become secular, he compared this objection with the fact disclosed in prison returns, that there were hundreds and thousands to whom the most connuon elements of even natural religion were unknowvn; and when he was told that the Bible must not be tanght in these schools because there was a danger that, some day or other, the schools might adopt a secular character, he answered that, although opposed to secular education, he had rather face that danger than leave things as they were. Vith regard to the provision that the employers of children and young persons should pay for their instruction, he could not umderstand, he said, how it could be termed oppressive and despotic, wvhen this very law had been in operation sincei 835 or 136 withrespect to 35,000 children. As tothe patronage, the appointment of schoolmasters would rest, not with the Treasury, but with the school committees. In conclusion, he stated that he did not propose to ask the committee to go beyond the first five resolutions, which sanctioned the principle that the minutes of Council should be extended, revised, and consolidated, the appointment of inspectors (thereby ascertaining the real state of education in the cotuntry), and the formation of distnicts. Sir G. GREY said the Hiouse 'and the country would appreciate the motives which had induced Lord J. RU.SSELL to devote his talents and intluence to an attempt to extend the blessings of popular education. Every discussion of this subject, however, only exposed the difficulties with which it was surroiunded. The statement of Lord JoHN, that he should not call for the decision of the committee uponl those resolutions respecting which there was much contrariety of opinion, had very much narrowed the grounds of difference. The first resolution had the hearty and cordial assent of the Govermnent ; practically, indeed, the minutes of Council were yearly extended. Looking at the scheme as a whole, the. Government would not think it right to incur the responsibilityof affirming the resolutions for the purpose of introducing a bill founded thereupon. With respect to the appointment of sub-inspectors, he agreed that sonie-he did not say how many-should be employed to ascertain the state and means of education in the country; but the question was what powers they were to possess, and whether some new authority was to be exercised by the Committee, which must be given by bill, and he thought it would be unwise for the House to pledge itself upon this point. Sir GEOR-GE then noticed the re-; maining resolutions (not intended to be pressed), indicating the sentirments which the Government were prepared to express with reference to their principles, objects, and details. He repeated that the Government assented to the first, but only the first, resolution. Mr. HEns.Y, after the announcement of Lord J. RlusSsLL, desired to withdraw his nmotion that the chairman leave the chair until the first resolution was disposed of, when he shouild, he said, renew the motion. Mr. E. BAstLL spoke against the resolutions, pointig out the ill effects of compulsory school instruction of children of persons employed in agriculture. Sir S. NTor.THcoTE stated various facts from which he educed what he considered the faults of the existing system of popuilar education, and the reasons which had induced him to give notice of a resolution affirming the etxpediency of maldng provision for the education in industrial and other schools of unemployed children between 9 and 15. The remedy proposed by Lord J. Ru&sEI1, in his opinion, was not only utterly inadequate, but would make the case worse. Mir. DRIDMOND observed that every speaker had confounded education and instruction, whereas they were as distinct as any two things could be. Edu- cation was given by the moral atmosphere in which a child lived. Uneducated people could not be reformed, and when they became offenders against the laws there were only two ways of dealing with them-to send the least offenders out of the country and the worst out of the world. MIr. MrLES argued that it was necessary to know the quantity and quality of the education in the country previous to dealing with so large a system of national education, and that the information should be laid before Parliament. He agreed that if voluntary contributions were inadequate Government were boundto interfere, and that a compulsory rate for education was justifiable. He supported the resolutions generally. M Ir. GLADSTONE said he was not satisfied with even the first resolution, although it expressed a desire which n3 must entertain. There was an objection to the mode of proceeding. If adopted by the House, it would not give efiect to itself. It would be a more regular and convenient course if notice were given of an address to the CRowK. But there were, he said, more serious objections to the resolutions than formal ones, and he ironically complimented Lord J. Russau upon the strategic skill by which, lil;e a good General, he had extricated the remnant of his army from a desperate position, by withdrawing those resolutions the objections to which were entertained as deep convictions by the country. After a few remarks upon the general character of the scheme of education proposed in the resolutions, he adverted to the proposal to divide the coLntry into districts, declaring that he looked with suspicion upon a machinery which in- cluded an overruling organ whiQU must Ae tXa, centralizing system of education. With regard to a compulsory rate, he warned the House of the risk it involved: from the day Parliamient sanctioned compulsory rating for education, it signed, in his opinion, the death-warrant of voluntary schools. As to the question of religious teaching, it was not intention that could give a religious character to education, and ho was afraid that by adopting the 10th resolution the Holy Scriptures would be exposed to irreverence. He recorded his adherence to the doctdne upon this point of Sir J. GRAnmr and fr. hf. GIBsoN, as the only practicable mode of putting an end to heartburnings and dis. cord. The compelling employers of children to pay for their instruction would impose, he said, a direct tax on labour, and he contended that the Legislature had no right to interfere between the parent and the child in the matter of education, at least until it had exhausted every means of raising the power of attraction to the schools. The resolutions he considered to be full of tendencies to encourage a spirit of dependence foreign to the minds of Englishmen. Mr. DLsAir confessed he was at a loss to conceive what was the motive of Lord J. Russz. for virtually withdrawng a scheme announced with such pomp and circumstance, and terminating a debate which had only commenced. He thought he would deal more frankily and courteously with the House if he withdrew the whole of his resolutions, making a clean breast of it, and acknowledged at once that the policy he had proposed appeared not to command the sympathy of the House of Commons. * Lord J. Russ= said, w-ith deference to Mr. DisnRAu, and also to Mr. HIr.E.Y, he should attempt to do what he considered best for the cause of education. He did not think it desirable to expose his whole plan to the risk of a defeat by a majority of the House, but he did think it desirable to take its opinion upon this portion of the subject. After some conversation the committee divided upon I1r. HEN-Ln's motion, that the chairman do leave the chair, which -vas carried by 260 to 158; the chairman accordingly vacated the chair, and the. resolation was therefore not put. The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Bill and the Draughts on Bankers Bill passed through committee. After some further business, theHouse adjourned at half-past 1 o'clock, untilMonday.
Education, after having been long botched and bungled after the fashion of most new subjects, having fallen into the hands of bitter intolerance at one time and rash empiricism at another, is in a fair way at last of being better understood, because men have undertaken to discuss it who can better understand it, and who are also better able to explain it. It seems to have been assumed hitherto that the method of educating a nation must of necessity be uniform, that what is true of Austria and Prussia must be true of England, and that because the State, which is everything and does everything in thosa countries, takes under its absolute conatrol the education of the people, just as it does everything else, therefore the State in England should also taLe. upon itself the entire management of schools, the entire direction of what is to be taught there, should compel the people to contribute for their support, and form the whole educational body into one compact and well-organized hierarchy, full of system, discipline, and subordination. Such is the plan of Lord Jons RussELL, and such is the result of his fiveand-thirty years' experience of the people and Parliamenit of this country. The first, and perhaps the most conclusive objection to this scheme, though the one least susceptible of accurate and logical statement, is that it is utterly abhorrent to the genius of the nation. It is our pride, and probably a juist pride, that we are not governed, but that we govern ourselves-that the business of our central authority consists much more in aiding than in suLperseding local effort, and that it is the duty of our Government rather to co-operate with than to control us. What we do for ourselves we generally do well; what is done for us by our Govermment is as universally ill done. These considerations point clearly to a conclusion of practical statesmanship,-that the man who would compass any great end in this country must make the people his coadjutors rather than his instruments, and enable them to work out his plans for themselves, instead of working out those plans for them. Lord Jom~ RussELL, though so many years a ruler in Israel, knows not these things, and therefore Lord Joux RussELL has propounded a scheme which has repelled all parties-Liberal, Tory, and Conservative. We are invited to change the present system of education, and have a right to ask from our would-be guide that he should show us something better. The theorist may look down upon an educational system such as our's has grown into, but the man who knows his countrymen is aware that it is doing all that any Government system can effect, that we have already reached the full amount of interference that public opinion will bear, and that to go beyond this critical point is only to provoke a recoil which may delay indefinitely further progress in the path of national instruction. Such legislators as Lord JoHN RUSSEIL in their attempts to manage mankind are apt to overlook altogether the effects of the principle of association. In their anxiety to work out a particular formula they overlook feelings which they ought to respect and prejudices which they are bound to conciliate. To them it is no matter whether the education of the people be aecompanied with those notions of restraint and compulsion, of State interference and dictation, so odious to an Englishman, even when necessary, or whether he shaU be led imperceptibly to regard it as the work of his own hands, as the offspring of his own mind, as his pride, bis amusement, his oecupation. At iBst people grumbled much at that State inspection, which a moment's consideration must have shown them to be absolutely necessary to secure the proper application of State funds. They grumble still, but nevertheless the work advances. No one now disputes the necessity of education very few seek, to clog it with unreasonable trammels. To promote it is recognized by most people as a duty, by the rest as a fashion; for, short as our teaching comes of our wishes, it is nevertheless greater, we believe, than could be securecl by any other means than those now employed; and it is by its probable state under a change of system, rather than by any ideal standard, that our progress ought to be measured. If we adopt a compulsory rate, we may be perfectly sure that its first effect will be to destroy all schools supported by private funds, though we are by no means so sure that it would provide anything to replace them. We can imagine no machinery so calculated to disgust our people with education as that which first empowers ratepayers to tax themselves, and, upon their refusal to do so, authorizes a bodj with which they have little sympathy and no connexion-the Court of Quarter Sessions-to impose a tax instead, unless, indeed, it be the plan of Sir JoHzN PAXiNGTON, which, upon the refusal of the ratepayers to tax themselves, requires them to appoint a school committee to tax them, as if they would be willing to do that byan agent which they refuse to do as principals; as if they would not take care to elect a body whose views on taxation exactly coincided with their own ; as if powers of rating and election were not mere insults when they are only meant as a means of depriving the ratepayers and electors of that control over their own concerns which these names imply. We have left out one consideration-the religious part of the question-though this preseuts divcul- ties of no ordinary magnitude. Whether the people of Eingland can ever be brought to consent to a general education-rate we do not know, but certain it is that they will never be brought to such consent till they are prepared to embrace a general system of secular education,-a conclusion from which they at this moment appear very far removed. It is to Us perfectly inconceivable-we will not say how Lord JoHN RIussm, but how any man who witnesses the bitter conflict about every farthing that is paid out of the resources of the State for religious purposes, can suppose that he is forwarding the interests of education by involving it in the same class of difficulties which beset the question of Church-rates, of Ministers' Money, of Maynooth, or of the Begiumn Donum. We are so heavily rated already that the addition of any new rate must be of itself unpopular. How much more unpopular will it be when it implies the violation of the voluntary principle, and appropriates money taken under an act of Parliament to rudimentary instruction in religion ! Strange, when we can now do almost a0l we desire without offence, we should find statesmen rash enough to attempt it in the most offensive manner, and for the sake of a slight and problematical improvement to risk the whole of the vantage ground we have gained. The result of last night's division will be a salutary lesson to those who imagine that the people of this country are prepared to surrender their right of selfgovernment in educational matters into the hands of a set of schoolmasters and doctrinaires.
- The condition of Journalism and the Legislature in France enhances the interest of the two great orations recently delivered in the "Acazdimie." The nature and the genius of the place, the character and previous career of those who are admitted to a seat within its walls, attach to the speeches of the members and their sponsors an importance which is augmented by the silence of the Tribune and the docility of the press. Forbidden, not only by considerations of policy, but by the nature of their own peculiar topics, to touch professedlyupon the topics of current politics, the Academicians are almost unconsciously led into allusions which are not least significant when they are least premeditated. And no occasion could be rendered so suggestive either of contemporaneous allusion or retrospective analogy as the election of a senator of Louis Prmippz to replace, in the reign of Louis NT"oixnox, the distinguished author of the History of the FrcOnde. It was natural that the Duc DE BRoG3iE should identify his views with those of his predecessor, and should recognize in that tangled medley of purposeless conflict and resultless faction of which he was the historian all the laws of the historic epic-a beginning, a middle, and an end. It is consonant with the temper and the character of the literary statesman. Moderate in his views, doctrinbiro in his politics, and not less patriotic than philantbropic in his affections, the Duc DB BROGLIE would be equally reluctant to impute to any ,generation of hiis countrymen4 an unaccountable passion for an unmeaning strife, or to condemn as wholly reckless a struggle which at first probably was, and which he must ever regard to have been, an honest fight for rational liberty. And, doubtless, this patriotic criticism must have received unconscioiis but frequent confirmnation from the parallel of motives and passions which " the FTronde'presents to some other passages in French history. Indeed, to a philosophic mind it would be difficult to probe the annals of the former movement, to anatomize the conduct of CONDIE, IMAzAnIN, and DE RETZ, to trace the progress of their varied success, without falling almost involuntarily into an exaamination of the causes, the motives, and the conduct of that more notable revolution wherein figured RO;A=n3, MIRAkBFAU, RosuisPIERan, ST. JUST, and one greater than all these; and the judgment which had once been pronounced upon the moral phenomena of the former might in spirit, if not literally, be transferred into a review of the second,-a prospect which would certainly deter so hopeful and patriotic a critic as MI. DE BROCLiE from pronouncing unfavourably on the first great organized popular uprising in the annals of modem France. The truth is-and it is a truth which must have been present to the candid minds not only of M. NISARD and the Due DE BROcLIE, but also of many among their audience-the national eharacteristics which stirred the tempest of the Fronde roused also the greater tempest of the revolutions of 1789 and 1848, and the same characteristics intervened at either period to divert the direction of the political hurricane in a cycle which their authors failed to foresee. There may have been great intermediate changes between the two peliods. The masses may have become more n*umerous, more combined, more educated, but the moral impulse and moral peculiarities of the one movement were the same as those of the others. That bitter, sneering, and remorseless logic, which ultimately betrayed the Constitutionalists of i790 to a fate which no logic could foresee, had betrayed their predecessors in the Parliament of Paris into an alliance which no consistency could justify and no success consolidate. When Al. DE BROGIM recognizes w ith M. DE Sr. AuLAIRE that goldenj age of the 12-07de inwhich "on voyait pourla premiere fois les "prineipes de la monarchie Francaise, les maximes "de notre droit public invoques avec sagesse set resolution dans la Grande Chambre par les "vieux magistrats; avec emportement danm les "enquetes par les jeunes conseillers," &c., he exhibits the sanguine temperament which, in another age, blinded the Girondists to their coming ruin. .Vhen, again, he dwells upon that worse period"Cette epoque des ambitions effrenees et des "pretentions sans limites que d6chline la guerre civile; cette epoque de rivalites acharn6es, "d'intrigues galantes ou futiles, qui . . offraient "tout ensemable le spectacle le plus triste et "le plus visible qu'on eat jamais vuA,-he is skletching by anticipation the lighter and less revolting phases of that era which was destined to reproduce in exaggerated form the worst ferocity of the Frondist rabble, the most contemiptible faithlessness of the Frondist courtiers, and the most shameless apostacy of the Frondist priests. But he will not suffer himself to see the resemblance between the essential elements of the two times, or to draw the unflattering inference which such a resemblance dictates. HEe will not see the same type of national character in the populace which sided with the privileged magistracy of France to extort further concessionsfromAiaxs of Austria, and the mobwhich forced the States-General to extort the abolition of all privileges from LoUIs XVI. Nor will he see the same popular characteristics, under different circunstances and different powers of confederation, in the nation which, after subjecting the Revolution to the Mlountain, merged it in a submission to a dictatorship, and the nation which, after clamouring against co 3es, feudal imposts, and unequal laws, coalesced with a greedy judicature and a profligate 7uoblesse to sacrifice the advantages which liberty had gained to the firmness of the QUE;N and the astuteness of MIzAlZt-;. How much of that antithetical misture of tragedy and farce-of extreme horrors and extreme levitvwhich so strangely colours either of these revolutions, may be traced in the earliest and most fanliliar description of Gallic character the Duo DX BrooLi naturally forbears to intimate. :But a life r &Uede(l m hia hha beeu cannot {ail X auggeM to so practised a statesman contemplations which fmnd, perhaps, rather consolation than expreion in the beautiful words which he delights to quote "Ne d6sesperons jamais des principes et des vertus qui forment le noble patrimoine de lresp6ce hummne; et, lors m6me que nous les venions mnis en oubli , . . attendons le lent ouvzage du temps. Les verites 6temelles surviviont AUX attaques de leurs ennemis, et renaitraient du cmur m6me de l'homme, s'il ne restait amun monument sur la terre pour attester leur antique exitence et le culte qu'on leur a rende." M. NLsARD takes a less hopeful view of humanity, but, perhaps, a not less just view of the nature and necessities of Frenchmen. Not less patriotic than the ancient peer of France, he desires glory for his country, glory in war and in the triumphs of peace. But he wishes to see this attained under the directing control of a strong sovereign arm, one which can combat the intrigues of the rebellious, and overcome the combinations of the turbulent. In his view, France is a grand army marching on to warlike or pacific conquest, but requiring the everwatchful eye of a vigilant and active com-nander, ready to stimulate the courage of his soldiers by his own energy, but not less ready to repress their disaffection by the severest discipline, or punish it with the severest castigation. The past teaches him as little faith in the organized constitution of Parliaments as in the tumultuous aspirations of his, countrymen after any political right or any political enjoyment. Each and all have failed of their ostensible objects; but they have not failed in one thing. They have ended in obta for France the chieftainship of a dominant will, at once impersonating her energies and sympathizing with her wants. France found this in MLzA1n- and Louis XIV. after the tracasseries of the Fronde. She found it in NApoiiox L after the massacres of the Terrorists. We leave it to M. NISARD to supply the name which has administered to her latest thirst for repose after her experience of the &ntentes under Louis PHapB and the carnage under the Provisional Government. Nor will M. NisDA's oblque insinuation fail to strike the most heedless minds either in France or abroad. Is it by pure accident that the man who in the 17th century crushed the conspiracies of the Fron&ers and restored tranquillity to France was a foreigner-an Italian,-who earned by his benefactions the title of "aussi "bien Frangais que le meilleur de son temps f' and that twice within the last sixty years France has owed the restoration of order, tranquillity, and glory to a family Italian by origin, and more than French by sympathy? The discoztrs of . NIsA.uD is highly suggestive -not so much by what it says as by what it omits to say. Nor have we reason to suppose that Ihis opinions, delicately and- ingeniously conveyed, are singular in France. How far his or the Duo Dr: BroGza's judgment may be in the right it is not for us topronounce. Speaking as friends, but also as strangers removed from the immediate scene of action, we should say that, although the latter has the advantage in hopefulness, the former is stronger in truth. The recorded past justifies M. NIsA.nD's love of a strong government; but the Duke's sanguine trust in the vrtues of his kind indicates the existence of that benevolence and that equity, without which statesmanship ultimately degenerates into a calculation of antagonist vices, and public life becomes the market of competing venalities. One word in conclusion. In justice to N. NisAiu, we cannot refrain from acknowledging w;ith gratittide his manly and intelligent protest against that wretched materialism of which France has not yet, we fear, reaped the last or bitterest fruits; and, in parting with these two distinguished ornaments of their country, let us hope that, whatever be the colour of tlteir politics or her destiny, she and they may find many: a w-orthy chanipion to follow their example in fighting against " r6trange doctrine qui fait de la person" alite humaine un resultat des dispositions de la "9 matibre, et de la pens6e un produit des nerfs du -" cerveau."
Poets and fabulists have invariably placed the period of human innocence and veracity in the earlier years of the world's history. Whether their faith were founded on any indications that the primueval world was peculiarly favourable to the development of these virtues, or that the awkwardness which attended the first essays of young Dishonesty neuatalized its malignity and diminished its terrors, would be a subject of curious rather than of useful speculation. The fact is that not onily have poets and writers of fiction built their romances on thin belief, but legislators have framed their statutes in accordance with it; for, while they have devised precautions, more or less successful, against the rader and coarser kinds of fraud, they have left untouched and untraiamnelled those countless machinations of deceit which are stimulated by the increase. of opulence and luxuiry, and perfected by means of increased education and intelligence. Thus, while the legislation of the past has, not in one stage or at one tume, but slowly and progressively, secured uis in some degree from the open and avowed treachery of the recognized servant, it has left us exposed to the insidious treachery or the furtive dishonesty of a hundred other agents, whose responsibility is yet unacknowledged or evenshieldedbythelaw. Andtheexemptionfrom all legal liability is not more curious in some cases than its limited application in others. For a length of time the man whom the law caUled " a conmmon " carrier," because he caried for hire, was exempt from penal consequences for the worst violation of the trust reposed in him; but, -when the law made liim at length amenable to cririnal prosecution, it was not when he had appropriated the whole of any parcel intrusted to his care, but only a portion of it! On the same principle, the, mechanic who received any article for repair or alteration was made liable to a criminal prosecution, not when he converted all of it to. his own use, but only if he stole a portion or an appendage. Again, a man who was intiusted with a horse so far as Cambridge or York, and who, when he reached his destination, sold it, was, and we believe stll woould be, only liable to the consequences of a civil action; though, if he were as improvident as umscrupulous, he might expose himself to crimninal penalties by the inadvertent or accidental disclosure of facts which implied that he had committed the theft' anizo f2randi. And we believe that, even to this day, the man who avails himself of a forged or stolen introduction, insinuates himself into your good graces, visits your house, eats your mutton, gets possession of your wife's jewelry, under the pretext of some commission, and then raises money on it at the pawnbroker's, does not render himself liable to any worse punishment than the penalty of a few pounds for " ilegally pledging." All these enactments in their various degrees of shortcoming painfuIly prove the igno.ance of our ancestors in all that regarded the capacity of the human race for the projects ol fraud, and the facilities which are supplied fox their execution by the general diffusion of intel ligence. But in no point has crimnal legis lation been more deficient, and in none i its extension more imperatively required, tli in regulating the responsibilities of trwstees I system devised to remedy the inconvenience o a state of things now s.lmost obsolete ha expanded into dimensions far beyond the hore or conceptions of those to -who it owej itj aa;& The more its utility is-aemnowledged and itsprovit sions called into force the more danger is to be apprehended from its occasional failure, and the greater ruin effected by its exceptional disorganztion. It is perhaps not an exaggeration to say that more loss and disaster are inflicted on the humbler portion of the middle c}lases by the dishonesty and deliberate fraud of those to whom their sole meanls of sustenance are committed for safe keeping or7 secure investment than by any other kind of misadventure whatever. Yet, numerous as these cases may be-and, in fact, they are far more; numerous than the uncomplaining submission, or* the unprotected helplessness, or the unaided - timidity, or the unistructed youth of the sufferers allows the world to imagine,-they are safe from the visitation of that law which imprisons or expa- I triates other not less malignant and not less per-:nicious robbers. The ATTonsEY -GznRAL lately iutroduced a bill which propoees to bring these extreme, breaches of trast within the same category as those crimes the effects of which are not graver or sadder than their own, and we trust that the Efouse will tale care that the clauses are framed with sufficient stringency to involve in their folds all cases of intentional and corrupt breach of trust. These are crimes, and great crimes. Those errors. Which arise from mere negligence or inadvertence -from the ignorance of the persons who appoint or the incapacity of those who are appointed trustees-it would be unjust to punish, because it is imnpowsible wholly to prevent them, save by a new organization of system. But for those criminals 'who earn an iniquitous livelihood by trading in the confidence of the ignorant or the credulouswhether under the ordinary designation of trustees or as the self-recommended depositories of the savings of the poor-for those wretches thereshould be no mercy, no pity-nothing but stern; - unbending justice. One or two reflections are suggested by the pro-. posed most necessary measure. We have already mentioned the partial and progressive invasion of the criminal law on the old immunities of these social delinquencies. One by one they have bee: assailed, from the dishonesty of the servant whvi embezzles his mastel9s money to the dishonesty of the banker who appropriates his customers' deposits. We trust to add to the list of delinquencies the fraud of the trustee, who ruins the widow-C and the orphan by trading on the spoliation of their small capital. When such an enlargement of' the criminal code shall have been effected we be-, lieve that the system of trustees will be purged of its only imputable vice. But why should not all these provisions and those which have already been in force be consolidated? WVhy not have only one law for the prevention and punishment of felonious breach of trust? And why not have that law as simple as possible ? Another suggestion occurs to us, founded not so much on the malignity or dishonesty as on the carelessness or incapacity of mankind. There are few positions which require more attention to and Inowledge of business than that of a trastee.- There are few of more urgent or every day necessity. There is not a middle class or upper class family in the kingdom whose employment, or trade, or income, is not in some degree dependent on the intervention of trustees. Yet in how many cases do persons select for this office men who ara utterly unable to discharge its duties, but whoim either ignorance or a submissive good nature precludes from declining its burdens? If the greater part of the misery undergone by families arises from the wickedness, no small portion may be attributed to the ignorance or apathy, of trustees. Is it wholly impossible to correct this notorious evil-to give greater stability and reliability to this system by imparting to it something of a public character? If we have societies for insuring, prospective payments, and for guaranteeing average honesty, could ve not have societies with adequate capital, respectable directors, and efficient organization for administering trust funds already in ess ? We do not profess to have weighed the question thoroughly, but the subject is worthy of consideration at the hands of all who can estimate the value of a good, and the nmischievousness of an incapable, trustee.
COURT CIRCULAR. It is nnderstood thuat Her Majesty's birthday wiIl be celebrated on the 29th of May. The Drawing-room will be held on that oecasion. It is understood to be Her Majesty's intention that State balls shall take place on Thursday, the 8th of May, and Friday, the 6th of June, and that concerts shall be given on Wednesday, the .30th of April, and Friday, the 30th o£ Ma3y. * The Queen and the Prince Consort, accompanied by th; Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, and attended bythe Duchess of Wellington, the Hon. Eleanor Stanley, Lord De Tabley, Lord AifredPaget, and Colonel F. H. Seymour, honoured the Olympic Theatre with their presence on. Thursday evening. Prince Albert rode on horseback -with the Prince of vales and Prince Alfred yesterday morning. - His Royal Highness presided in the afternoon at a meeting of the Commission for Proiioting and Encouraging the Fine Arts in the rebuilding the Palace of Westminster. The Prince arrived at the Palace at 3 o'cloclk, attended by Colonel F. H. Seymour. The commissioners present were the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Aberdeen, the Right Hon. the Speaker, and Viscount Mahon. .The secretary, Sir Charles Eastlake, attended. Thenmeeting broke up at a auarter before 5 o'clock. Her ioyal Tighness the Duchess of Kent visited the Queen. His Serene Highness Prince Ernest of Leiningen arrived at Buckingham Palace yesterday on a visit to Her Majesty. Prince Arthur an&the PrincessesHielena snd 1ouisa took a carriage drive. Prince Albert, the Prince of Wales, and Prince Alfred, honoured the Crimean Er3ibition in Pall-mall with a visit. Messrs. Leggatt had the honour of submitting for the inspection of Her Majesty and Prince Albert the finished proof of Mr. Lewis's engraving of "Nelson on board the San Josef," from Mr. Barker's picture. The Queen and Prince Albert, accompanied by Prince Ernest of Leiningen, honoured the Adelphi Theatre with their presence last evening. In attendance were the Duchess of Wellington, the Hon. Lucy Kerr. Lord De Tabley, Loid Alfred Paget, and Colonel F. H. Seymour. A deputation from the boards of guardians for the county of Buckiagham, on the subject of county expenditure, huA an interviewi-ith Sir George Grey yesterday at the Homeoffice. The deputation consisted of 3Ir. Layard, M.R, 2,Iessrs. Edwards, Francldin, Steve, Scriven, Denison, Dodwel, Hatton, Painter, Biggs. Jepper, Gurney, and Parrott. A meetin't of a Committee of the Governors of the Wel]ington coiege was held yesterday morning at the new Palace of Westminster, to make arrangements for the ceremany of laying the irst sto of the College by the Queen on the 3d of May. Present, the Earl of Derby, Chairman, the Right Hon. Spencer Walpole, the Rey. G. R. Gleig, and Mr. Cox. A deputation of the members of the Staffordshire Quarter Sessions, consisting of Mr. T. Tweialow (chainnan), Mr. E. Buller, 31r. James Coxdale, Mr. T. Fletcher Twemlow, Mr. T. Edward Whitby. MIr. Smith Child, the Hon. E. Littleton, and Lord Newport had an interview with Sir George Grey yesterday. A deputation from the Crumpall Local Board of Health had an interview yesterday with the Right Hon. W. Cowper, at the office of the General Board of Health, WhitehalL The deputation (who were introduced by Mr. John Cheetham, M.P.) consisted of Mr. R. Whyatt, Chairman of the Local Bard, and Mfr. Joseph Simpson, Deputy Chaiman, attended by 3fr. Edward Astor, Clerk to the Local Board. A deputation, consisting of Lord Robert Grosvenor, MY., the Roy. Professor Marks, Mr. Eales, and cMr. Nicholay (Marylebone),- Mr. David Powell, Mr. Josepl Hoare, M1r. Le Breton, Mr. Thomas Turner, Mr. Turner,. and Mfr. Toller (Hampstead). Mr. Henry Farrer, Mrz Francis Streeten, Mr. James Orr, MIr. T. D. Keighley, and' Mr. Cook;, Vestry Clerk (St. PancraEs and Mr. Charles Freeth,bad an interview with the Right Hon. Sir Ranjamlin Hall yesterday at the Ofice of Public Wbriks, WVhitehall. _
The Ohancellor of the Exchequer acncowledges the zeceipt of the second half of a Bank of England note for 51. o. 41216) for legacy duty, s*ppowedto beunmpaid by an ancestor, from "L. V.--" also of the firat half of a 101.-note (H-3 05,082 and of one sovereign-together l1., for unpaid prop&1ty-tax, from " P. M. ;" also the second halves of banknotes for 120I. for omitted return of income-tax from " G. ;" also a 57.-note for wnitted inoome-ta:c from "C. R." We have received the Monifewr of yesterday. It does aot Qontai any addition.l newN of intere
Tim SrnToap CoaLEcnoN.-The sale of this interesting coHection, which reveals a trait in the character of the late galant Colonel, the member for Lincoln, not generally known until now, as a connoisseur and patron of art, wasresmned yesterday by Messrs. Christie and Manson, at their rooms in King-street, St. James's. There was again a goodly company present, including several members of the nobility. andthe sale was confined to the collection of snuffboxes of the deceased, of which there was a great number, and all of them exceedingly curious and valuable, ornamental objects, ancient ornamental silver, and carvings in ivory. The buyers, as usual, were chiefly professional dealers and collectors, purchasing partly on their own account and partly on that of private individuals, or for natiboial collections, so thatthe public seldom or never knowthe real destination of a purchase made atan auction of this kind. It is believed that many of the articles sold are intenlded for the Museum of Art, at Marlborough-house. A few of the principal lots sold in the course of the day maybe indicated. I Lot 323, a mumical box, inthe shape of a bird, of tortoise- ! shell, with enamelled medallions on the top, and gold mounted, sold for 18I. Lot 324, another, with an enamel of flowers on the lid, gold mounted, was bought by Mr. Leibenheim for 141. Lot 339, a snuff box, of matrix of amethyst, formed as a dog's head, with ruby eyes, the lid carved with a dog, gold mounted, was soldi to Lord Kilmorey for 231. !0s. Lot 353, a beautiful oval-shaped tray, of silver, inlaid with ornaments in gold, with serpent handles and.; foliage of green enamel and pearls, a fine large cameo onyx, with a sacrifice, in the centre, in enameled frame, the borders enriched with engraved gems, coloured stones, and masks-MAr. Benjamin, 201. Lot 354; a pair of- tortoise- shell matchpots, with ornaments in gold picque work,. mounted with or-molu rims and handles-Mr. Staunton, 121. 5s. Lot 356, a pair of figures of a parrot and a goose, of Oriental silver fiagree, on stand of the same, with plants enamelled in colours, 131. 10s., Mr. Luxmore. Lot 357, an ovalshaped box,. cover, and stand, of tortoiseshell; inlaid with ffgures of; Apollo and Daphne, and Perseus and Andromeda, in mother-of-peari and gold picqu6 work, 131. 5s., MnLeiben- - heim. Lot 360, an octagonal casket, from Stowe, formned of slabs of crystal, mounted with silver gilt, set with Orien-| I tal polished rubies and emeral&s, and surmounted by a; lirs natures of pearl and silvergilt, Mr. David Falcke, 351. 1 Lot 366, an oval agate cup, mounted, with handles and ! stand of foliage, silver gilt, L. Van Cuyck, 311. Lot 368,: an incense-burner, formed as a dove, with outstretchedj -wings, chased in silver, standing on a shell, MIr. Sampson. I 181. Lot 374, an oval silver salver, boldly chased with a I battle, the border with masks, foliage, and trophies, was, sold to Mr. Rhodes for 721., as were also lot 375, two male and two female figures in silver, on embossed stands, with rings intended to hold saltcellars, being German work of -the 17th centiury, for' 481., and lot 377, a pair of silver candlesticks, of tha same' country and period, wvith male and female peasants, and, tulip-shaped nozzles, for 301. Lot 380, a fi;ure of a buDl, on a stand, embossed with flowers and reptiles, Mr. Falck-e,c 31. 15s. Lot 3R4, a figure of a peasant in silver, w-ith a' goose and basket of eges, forming a bottle, partly gilt-a German work of the 16f1i century, Ar. Claffers, 301. Lot 386, Jack Sheppard's tobacco box, with his portrait cngraved,! on the lid, Mr. Naithan, 121. Lot 382, a psir of Orientali silver essence sprinklers, of very fine fi,lagree, from thq DI)uke of Sussex s collection, Mr. Cooper, 71. 1s. Lot 393, a fluted glass sDpgarvase, with handles of rams'heads, onstand,I with fourdolphins; rims, cover, andfoot of silverelaborately, chased, and surmounted by a Cupid, 1It bttenborough, Pie1 caidilly, 221. Lot 394, a silver sugar vase and cover, of very elegant design, and partly gilt, formed of shells and flowers, chased by Morel, Alr. Cosier, 271. Lot 396, a group of fisk I in silver, beautifullymodelledbyGarrard, from LordReay's collection, Mr. Ripp, 201. ]Os. Lot 400, asilverpeestal chased with the triumph of Silenus, of fine Flemish work, Mr. Benjamin, 181., who also bought lot 399, a silver tan kard, partly gilt, chased with a mythological subject, fruit and flowers, a work of the 17th century, for 17!. s. Lot 403, a pair of turkey-cocks, of Oriental silver fillag,ee, form ingboxes, the eyes of rubies, from the Princess Sophia'.s colection, Mr. Cooper, 171. 1Os. Lot 415, a earving in ivory, representing a boy, seated on a baske-t, making a wreath of flowers, Mr. Bloose, 131. Lot 435, a fine old casket of dark wood, with four panels, containing 24 piemo of ivory, carved with figures illustrating a legend, with 3x&ieze of female figures supporting shields onthe lid,andtheberders inlaidwith ivoryand coloured woods, Mr. Chaffers, 38!. Lot 451,atankardcarvedinivorywithBacchanallanboys,mountea and lined with silver gilt, chased, surmounted by a figure of a boy, a Flemish work, 31r. Leibenheim, 17?.10s. Lot 453, a cup elaborately carved in ivory with the death of a stag and numerous figures and animalb, linedawith silver gilt, Mr. Whodes, 22. Lot 455, a pair of beautiful wood carvino's of Flemish peasants, in high relief, Mr. Southami, l. he proceeds of the day's sale aamounted to about 1,250!.j anof the three past days, -including yesterday, to about 4,5501.
THEBRITISHA.fYBEFOBEBASTOPOL. (From the GazieofApril1.) War Department, April 10. Lord Panmiure has this day received a despatcl and its enclosure, of *hich the following are copies, addressed to his Lordship by General Sir William Codrington, XC.B. "Sebastopol, March 23. <My Lord,-I lhave the honour to transmit herewith, for your Lordship's information, the weekly report of the health of the army. I have, &c., "W. J. CODRIINGTOIW, General Commanding. "The Lord Pansmure, &c." Enclosure. "Head-quarters, Camp, Crimea, March 24 "Sir,-I have the honour to enclose the weekly return of sick to the 22d inst., and it is gratifying to be able to state that, notwithstanding the recent arrival of several draughts of recruits, and the cold winds which have prevailed fromi the N. and N.E. during the 'whole of the past week, the increase of admissions into the hospital has only been a small fraction higher than it was last week, and the mortality has fallen nearly one-third. " Even in thhe Land Transport Corps the health of the men has been more satisfactory; and, although thert has been no decrease in the number of admissions during the week, the mortality has falen more than one-half. " Taling the whole force in the Crimea, inclauing Land Transport Corps, Arny Works Corps, and Medical Staff Corps, the admissions to strength have only been in the ratio of 2-41 per cent. ; deaths to strength, 0 02 per cent. and sick to well, 441 per cent. Last wyeek they were respectively, 2-15, 0 04, 4 29. " Of the 16 deaths which occurred in the whole force serving in the Crimea seven took place in the Land Trans. port alone; and out of the 16, three, I am sorry to observe, were from the direct effects of drunkenness; and in how many other cases that vice may have been the exciting cause of disease it is impossible to say. But with all these defects and drawbacks, the health of the army, according to the ratios given above, may be fairly said to be in a very satisfactory state. "The troops stationed at Xertch are equally healtisy, and no casualty had occurred there during the week ending the 14th of March, which is the latest date up to which I have received returns from the senior medical officer there. " The Cavalry Divisidn in the Bosphorus is also very healthy, and only two deaths had occurred in it during the week ending the 14th of March. " Taking the sick of the wholo British force in Turkey, both in general and regimental hospitals, the ratio of deaths to strength has only been 0 03 per cent., and the ratio of sick to well 6-09 per cent. "I have, &c., "J. HALL, Inspector-General of Hospitals. "General Sir William J. Codrington, LC.B., Commander-in-Chief."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I beg to thank you for publishing my letter respecting the late Sir Charles Hotham!s services, and doing justice to that able officer. Froma your note attached it would seem that I had misunderstood your article, and that you intended to give him credit for his successful treaty of 1853; but I may be excused for this when yon described it as obtained " with such assistance as he could derive from the cannon of his frigate." Now, this would apply accurately to the negotiations which followedhis battle in the Parana mnanyyears ago, but not to his mission in 1852-3. The latter was conducted by him as Minister Plenipotentiary of the Queen. He had n0° naval command, and no naval force whatever influenced the 'ransaction, which was wholly carried out by a peaceful diplomacy. My object in replying to your article was to show that Sir Charles Hothani had displayed the same ability in a purely civil as in his naval capacity, and thus to vindicate an officer who can no longer vindicate himself. I remain. Sir vour nhwr1ii-1 cr-- MALIESBURY. wv mtenau-garlens, apili 11.
THE LoNDON HoSPITAL.-The 146th anniversary of that valuable and well-tried institution, the Iondon Hospital, was celebrated on Thursday evening by a grand banquet at the London Tavern, under the presidency of his RloyalHighnesstheDukeofCanslndge. The proceedings cominenced, as is customary, wsith a special servicein thechapelof the hospital, the musical portion of which was under the direction of Mr. Francis, and an eloquent sermon, in aid of the charity, was afterwards preachedby the Rev. T. J. Rowsell, incumbent of Stepney. The commnittee and their friends thence adjourned to the London Tavern, where a sumptuous dinner was served at half-past 6 o'clock. The Royal Duke in the chair was supported by the Lord Mayor, the Rev. T. J. Rowsell, and other gentlemen connectedvwith the charity. HBs Royal Highness proposed the toast of the evenina " Prosperity to the London Hospital," in a very effective speech, illustrative of the great benefits conferred by the hospital (to all intents and purposes a free one), and its increasing claims to public support. It appears from hisRoyal Highness's statement that during the year 1855 3,947minpatients were admitted, making a grand total of 4,258, if there be included 311 that remnained in the house on the 1st of January,1S55. The results of the treatment of these cases was that 3,670 were discharged during the year, 294 died, and 294 remained in hospital on the 1st of January, 156. The total number of out-patients received during the year amounted to 17,730,includmg 9,565 accidents, admittedwithoutrecommendationsofgovernors. This makes a grandtotal of 21,677 patients admitted last year, making an aggregate total of 1,054,783 patients admitted since the foundation of the hospital, exclusive of many thousand cases of triflincasualty which are never registered. The committee are compelled to make a strong appeal to the public for increasedsupport. Theyinform their friends in the printed report that the expenditure has lately averaged 15,0091. per anuum, the fixed income being only 11,0001., leaving a eficiencyof 4,0001. to be met by donations, legacies, and casual receipts. The committee, however, regret to announce that for the last twvo years this deficiency has riot been made up, owing partly to increased exp,enses, and partly to a decreased annual income. The deticiency at the present time exceeds 5,0001., and it remains for the public to decide whether this useful asylum shall be partally closed, to the great distress of a vast multitude of the labouring poor in the densely-; populated districts of WhitechapeI and the Mile-endroad, or whether it shall be restored to its normal condition of prosperity. The appeal of the Royal Duke was responded to by a subscription of 2,200C.: The health of "Eis Royal Highness the Dake of Cambridge" was proposed by the Lord MIayor in a highly com- plinentary speech. His Royal Highness, in respondinm to' xhe toast, expressed the satisfaction with vhich he lod-ed hack to the services rendered to his country in the Crimea, and henceforth his earnest desire to serve his 'country, and especially this great city, in a civil capacity. " The Health of the Rev. T. J. RoIwsell," the preacher of day, was proposed from the chair, and responded to in an eloquent speech, which elicited the applause of the company. The musical arrangements were under the able direction ofi Mr. Francis, assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Lockey, Mr. J. L. Hatton, and Mliss Ransford. The arrangements of the, entertaininent by Messrs. Bathe and Co. gave great satis-; faction to al the company. Mr. Hark-er ws the toastmaster. THE ARCHTETuTRAL 3MusEu.-A public meeting was held at the Architectural Mluseum, Cannon-row, Festminster, on Monday evening, for the purpose of presenting to art-workmen the prizes to rhich they were entitled,; according to the conditions proposed by the committee last, year. fer the most approved specimens of stone and wooli carving. About 250 gentlemen were present, among whom were Sir Walter James, Bart., Mr. Beresford Hope, Mr. Ruskin, Mr. Scott (treasurer), Mr. Henry Clutton (hon.. see.), Rev. C. Boutell, Mr. Digby 'Wyatt, the Rev. W. Scott, Mtr. P. C. Hardwick, Mlr. Joseph Clarke, M1r. Christian, and Mfr. Raphael Brandon. Many of those gentlemen addressed the meeting in support of the object which the institution has in view. It was founded in 1851 with the idea that it should form the basis. of a national museum of architectural art, so as to enable architects, artists, and art-work-men to avail themselves of theopportunityof studyingthe architectural art of former' -es A large and increasing collection has since been made' of th best ancient exaniples; English and foreign, of com-, plete architectural works, inclitdilg supplementary details connected vith architecture, mouldings, encaustic tiles, mural paintings, and, indeed, alniost every object of fine art connected with the profession. The lfuseumnthus forms a' school for the uractical study of architectural art ankd ornament, and at the saine time the public are afforded the op-' portunity of judging of the progress made in thoee branches. In order to give an impetus to the skill and genius of the worklmen theprizesabove alluded towere offered. The prizes were of the value of five guineas (three in money and two in books), and prizes of two guineas were added by MEr. Godvin. They were presented to the successful worimen by Professor CockerelL, R.A., afteran appropriate address. It appears that the committee offer prizes to art-workamen durig the present year for the most successful specimens of wrought-iron work and stone-carving. A prize of 10. wilibe awarded for the most approved work of this kind, consisting of a coniplete panel or portion of a screen of the. character of the latter part of the 13th century. Mr. Ruskin will give a prize of 10. for the best sculpture of a design similar to that of 'the base of tbe Cathedral of AnieDs. The subject of the bos-relief is to ba some incident illustrative of the Crimean war, or of national feeling respecling the war. The foliage in the bas-relief and floral ornaxent is to be English, not OrientaL The specimens to be submitted in competition for bothi rizes mint be sent to the Museum before the 31st of Deceniber next, where they will be open to public inspection. As far as we can judge froa the circular issued by the committee, the various tonditions insisted on seem to be framaed with the object of encounging work-manly inventiorn and skill. THE IONIN ISLANDs.-Copies of acts of the United States of the lonian Islands for establishing a fund for the supply of retirement pensions for life to be granted to public civil functionaries were yesterday published. The rate of pension is in proportion to the time served, and varies from 4-12tlhs to 11-12ths of the salary received. The total payments out of the pension fund in the year .1854 amounited to 7,9761.
MO2QRY-MARKBT and CITYINQTELLIBaNUR. Frida7 Eveming. The English funds opened heavilv this morming at a fractional decline -from the lower prices of yesterday, and after a temporary recovery again relapsed, the market at one time presenting avery dull appearance. -Towards the termination of business an improved tone becamie manifest, and prices fnally showed considerable steadiness. Consols for money, which closed last evening at 93, were first quoted 924 to 93; from this they recovered to 931., whence they again receded until there were sellers at 924. The last transactions, however, were at 93 to t' for imoney, and 93ls for the 8th of May. The large creation of stock consequent upon the loan payment caused the supply to be temporarily in excess of the demand, and very high rates were paid for money for short periods. Bank- Stock leftoff at 213lto 214A- ; Reduced, 92; New Three per Cents., 93 to i; Long Annuities, 3 3-16; Annuities, 30 years, I U-; India Stock, 227 to 230; India-bonds, 9s. to 3s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98k to i; and Exchequer-bills (ofarch), is. to 3s. premumm; (June), 3s. discount to ls. premium. Considering the relief afforded to the moneymarkret by the payment of the dividends, the demand, both at the 13ank of England and out of doors, may still be consideredvery active, at full rates. Foreign securities were rather lower, sales having generally increased. Turkish Six per Cents. were negotiated at 99k, 984, 98, and 984 for money, ex. div. ; and the hour per Cents. at 101-i and X for the account. The other operations comprised-Brazilian-Five per Cents., 994 and A; Ecuador Provisional Land Warrant, a; MIexican, for account, 224, , i, anda ; Peravin Three per Cents., for money, 55; for the account, 544; Portuguese Four per Cents., 49; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95; Sardinian Five per Cents., for account, 95-4, 96, and 95k; Spanish Three per Cents., 454 for money and 464l for the account; the New Deferred, for account, 244; Venezuela, 284; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certiicates, 94 and 934. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon there as no alteration of importance from the rates of last post. The corn-market was dullthis morning, and in some instances sales took place at a decline of is. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a good extent of business at fim prices. The closing quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 73f. 50c. for money and 73f. 90c. for the end of the month, showing a steady market, with a preponderance of money purchases. The Derwent has arrived from Geelong with 7,965 ounces of gold, valued at 31,800l. The monthly returns of the Bank of France, published to-day, are more favourable than for a long time past. The bullion shows an increase of 2,165,0001., and the total amoiut held is thus raised to 10,730,0001. All the other figures are liewise satisfactory. The deposits have increasedl,510,0001., and the Treasury balance 160,0001., while the discounts present scarcely any variation. Although the stimulus recently given to the operations on the Bourse by advances on stocks and shares has not been much reduced, such alteration as is observable has been in that direction, a decrease having been effected of 48,0001. in the loans on Reiutes (which last month were augmented 760,0001.), and of 104,0001. in those on railway securities. The statement, however, still presents the anomalous feature which has nov for several months demonstrated that the Bank of France is under political rather than commercial guidance. The amountpaidinthe shape of premiums on the purchase of gold and silver during the month has been 75,3001. n the previous return it was 52,4001. While the institution has thus been putting a profit into the pockets of our gold importers, gold coin from Paris has been steadily findingits way toLondon at its natura rate. We have therefore enjoyed the advantage of selling it at an artificial price, and of getting it back at its ordinary value. The balance that has remained in France would, of course, if matters had been left to their regular current, have found its way thither without the necessity for a premium of any kind. The colonial produce-markets during the week have been fairly supplied, and, the demand havig fallen off to some extent, lower prices are generally quoted. The arrivals have been exceedinglyheavy, and this has materially affected the majority of articles. Sugar has been very dull, and, although the deliveries of the past week have much surpassed the usual quantity, and the market has to-day been scantily supplied, the sales have gone off -with an. absence of animation, which has gradually resulted in a decline of fully 6d. per cwt. The trade have bought sparingly, and speculators have almost entirely withdrawn. Exporters, however, have purchased to a fair extent, the continental markets being still firm, and someparcels of white Havannah were taken for Russia at high terms. A cargo of Manilla and one of Havannah are reported, bothfor. near ports. Coffee has also generally gone at lower rates. Considerable quantities were brought to sale, chiefly plantation Ceylon, and, being mostly of inferior quality, went at a decline of about 6d. per cwt. The good coloury kinds for export still realize high quotations. Cocoa is extremely flat, and barely saleable at a fall of 2s. to 3s. per cwt.I Rice, owing both to the enormous stocks here and the-vast quantities afloat, has suffered a further decline, and is dull at a fall of Gd. to 9d. per cwt. Although the prohibition on the exportation of saltpetre has been removed, there has been no material improvement in the inquiry, and at public sale rates fully Gd. per cwt. lower were subrnitted to. The arrivals of tea have been excessive. Only a portion has as yet been placed onx the market. Public sales are announced for Thursday next. At a meeting of the General Screw Steam Compan;y, held to-day, MIr. 31aik-es Currie presiding, the sale of eight large vessels to the French Clipper Company was approved and confirmed. It was also stated that the Board of Trade have ag,reed te grant a supplemental charter for the reduction of capital and other purposes; but that after an official audit the authorities have limited the return to 21. per share instead of 31., as proposed by the directors. When this 21. shall have been paid it will make, with a previous return, a total of 41., leaving the shares as representing 161., in accordance with the terms of the new charter, and not 161., as proposed by the Board. Although some little delay has occurred in this repayment, through the necessary proceedings at the Board of Trade, it is now thought that it will be made in the course of a few weeks. With regard to the arrangement for the sale of the vessels, it is considered that the terms are satisfactory, especially as it has been completed at a juncture when they are about to leave the profitable employment of the transport service. Every reliance is felt that the purchase will be faithfullycarried out; but even if this were not the case the proprietors would niot be likely to suffer, the deposit of 2a,0001. beirig arranged to ride over the whole contract, until -the entire payment is concluded. When this sale has been completed there will remain other vessels which may be hereafter disposed of, and the trade with Rotterdam can be continued; hut it is the intention of the directors to proceed to a winding-up under the clause in the original charter so soon as it may appear convenient. iNo time will be lost in distributing the funds that may be received from the sale of . these vessels when they shal have reached a divisible amounit, and meanwhile the sum representing the IL, which the authorities at the Board of Trade, on purely technical grounds, will not allow to be repaid' as capital, is retained, and will he divided with profits on a future occasion. Anexed are the resolutions agreed to . "EResolved,-Tbat the sale now reported of eight of the company's ships be and the same is hereby approved anda cceofirmed. '-That the course to he adopted with reference to~the future of tIns company be left entirely in the hands o£ th e directors, vrith full powrers to take such steps as rsy in their discretior seem best calculated to promote threinterests of the proprietors." The followingD is an abstract of the contract for the sale of the eight vessels:t "The purchasers sre the aSocited Generale des Clippers Fxanqais; the sellers, the General Screwv Steam Shipidag Company. The priceto be paid isre00i000t., andc theships dreto betaken a hey stand whenthebi o sale is sin The sum of 20,0001., allowed by sellers outt of purchasemoney in lieu of rep.airs, to be deduted from the last payment on each ship. The first ship is to he delivered on the 1st of July next, nd one upon thev1st of every suceeding month. The ships are to be taken subject to such engaemeats as may have been made for themn with the Brnho "nglish Government. The purchasers are to be 'answerable for all ships' engagements after delivery, and the sellers are to have the option of dehiverynathe ships in sach rottionp as they please. The. deposit of 2byOeOtr paid by the purchasers to be forfeited to the sellers if any defaut takes place in the performance of the conditions of the conr tract; the same amount to be recoverable fron sellers as penlties in case of defauntc otheir side. Thed eposioid bypurchasersistoremnin thehandsof seller thi last payment on the last ship is due, to which it is to b, credited. The purchase-money for each ship to be made or *elivery-haU cash, balf in approved bills, the r ceptia orrejection of the latter to be Dn the discretion of the diairman of the Screw Company for the time being. Pmhsers mnay dispense with bills, ad pay cash. Vesels. To=sage Prise. Golden Fleece. 2.7168 ..£ Jwa . ... .. .667 ..762- Indian. 2,4 .464 B'daapes ..243 60443 - Queen of the South 2,221 59,747 Calcutta... 1 52.52 lAdy Jocelr I.. 1,24 A.z1go .,S15 , W T -12,155 £500,000 "The purchasers buy the company's plant anproperty at Southampton at the cost price, together with fuclre. ma ningat Southampton and Swansea at thetime of delivery of the list ship. They may also tale over such commanders and officers as may be in the company's service and whins to serve the new company. Purchasers to take fael oal tforeignstations at costhprice, less 2 percent, tho stions being the Cape, W auntius Galle, and Calcutta hlso to take all other property at the foreign stations or the same terms. If any clause shall remain unfufilled after 20 days' notice the contract will be void. Any differences are to be referred to arbitration." The following relates to the meeting yesteday oft,he creditors of Mrl. WV. 0. Young . " AIhallows.chambers} Lombard.street, A.prilTL "Sir,-lVillyou please to insert the follow;ing corrections Of some statements made at MIr. W. 0. Young's meeting of creditors yesterday ! " The firm in India that failed in 1847 (not 184S) was not Messrs. Syers and Co., but lesss. Livingston, Syers, anc Co., and with whom the present head of the fiam of Syers, Walker, and Co. had no connexion. No member of the then late firm of Livingston, Sgers, and Co. was associated with the firm of Syers, Walker, and Co. when it commenced business on the 31st of March, 1851, nor until Mr; D. B. Svers joined it, three years afterwards. M1r. W. 0. Young could not have 'endeavoured to assist the firm of Syers, Walk-er, and Co. when they commenced business,' for the simple reasonthat he had not any transactions with them until they had been established some four years. There never was a firm under the style of Syers and Co. in India, as stated in the report. " We are, Sir, your obedient servnts, "SYB,S, WAILKER, .s'D CO." The return from the Ba3Dk of England for the week ending the 5th of April gives the following results when comparedwith the previous week:- Public deposits .. . ... ,010,439...Dcrease £828,403 Other deposits . .. ..,510,329 ... Decrease 346,801 Eest . .. ... 3,840,005 ...Increase 12,140 On the other side of the account.- Government securities ... £U.871,778...Decrease £4W Other securities .. 19,711.720 ... Decrease 351,458 Notes unemployed ... 4,470,475 ... Decrease $19,303 The amount of notes in circulation is 19,444,805., being an increase of 427,615l.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 1O,O57,1O5[., showing a decrease of 392,22c1,, when compared with ths preceding returns
I-N-ED CzTzBRATioX OF THE PACB.-The "zejoicings" fortherestorationof peaceare to comnence on Iler Majesty's birthday, by which time it is e.pected that a -ery large number of troops will have arrived from the Crimea. Thege will be inspected and reviewed by Her iMajesty and the Prince Consort in flyde Park; tbe number of troops on the ground wil exceed 12,000 men, including the household infantry and cavalry, several reginents of the line, 3d Light Dragoons (from Hounslow), 10th ana 11th flrs, and 12th and 17th Lancers (from the Crimea), and several field and horse artilery bat. teries. The greater portion of the troops will con. siat of those 'who were present at the battles of the Alma and Inkermann, and in the trenches, or at the fallof SebastopoL On the two succeeding days the pa* hwill be the scene of various games and amuseznenth, and 'on each evening there will be a grand pyrotechnical display, rivalling in brilliancy those at the celebration of the peace ift 1815. It is not mowvn 'bether the Government iill sanction afair in thepark, for which several applications have been made. A. review of the Royal Axtillery, Royal Marines, and other troops in garrison will talei place' on Woolwich-comsnou, and. in the evening fireworks will be discharged. Similar demonstritions 'ill take place at every garrison throughout the kingdom. It is " expected" that the .illuiinations in the metropolis will be gener-- X<prese - -
RAILWAY AiYD MINING SHApES. riFday EvenYg. The railway-market was heavy towards the close of business, the decline in some cases ranging from 10s. to 11. per share. Belgian and foxeign descriptions were generally weaker, and sales of Great Lumemnbourg and Sambre and MIeuse were more freely pressed. Few operations took place in the shares of the Australian lad and banking companies. Canada Land were negotiated at 140, and left off 140 to 145. Ottoman Bank closed, la to i pm.; Bank of Egypt, 1g to A, pm.; Westerx of L don, 31 to 2A dis., I,ondon and Paris, ai to 2f dis.; Alliance Bank-, lis. to par.; National Discount Company, * to 3 pm.; Russian Railway, 1 pm.; and Lombardo Venetian, 6 to E pm. ORDINARY smMRES AND STOCKS
THE CORY TBADE. COON-EXCHANG:E. FAIDAY APnTm 11 xnere is an inecase in the arrivals of wheat, especially foreign, while other deswriptions came more freely forward. Trade has heen rather dull, owing to the indisposition of the operators to purchase. ARnVALS. LIVERPOOL, Axit'r II. The arrivals from Ireland and coastviso since Tuesday have been small. From foreigii ports wehave received M0M91 quarters wheat, 16,853 quaurters Indian corn, 1,190 sacks and 3,242 barrels flour. The exports in the same tLe comprise 1.270 quarters wheat, 561 quarters oats, 4,662 quarters India's corn, 5S9 sacks and 1,116 barrels dour. The trade continues wvithout animnation, and the tratnsactions during the past two days lhave been quite insignificant, although holders wohld ave suibmitted to a further reduction in price. The weather continues mild, w-ith frequent showers of rain. At this day's market there was only a small attendance of the town and country trade, and the business done wvvs altogether insignifLicant. 'Wheat, in the absence of demanid, may ho quoted Id. to 2d. per 7libs. lowVer. Flouhr was quite neglected, a considerable quantity being advertised for sale by public auction after market hours. Prime qualities of eats and oatmealw, v;ith afahr demand, maintained their value, but inferior descriptions were eascier to buy. Barley, beans, and peas were also the turnlower, with the merest retoil sale. There was sot much Indian corn offering to-clay, however, there vere few buyers above 2as. per quarter for prime mixed, and importers generally asking 6d. more, only a small business wvas done. White wias obtainable at from 28s to 60s. per quarter, as in quality. WAREFIED. AriLr 11. 5he wheat trade was dlul, and fine qualities were Is., and other sorts as. per quarter cheaper. En3glish beans were rather cheaper, and I gyptiau about Is. lower. Finc barley vwas fully as dear. Oats and shellng went at rates rather in favour of buyers.
I MET2ROPOLITAY CATTLE-ArARKT, A]piW 11. Tle state of tmde was generally better t+day, and ,rlcs bad an npward tendency. The sales proceeded with more ireeuom, and 2a clearance was effected. utton and lambimproved 2d. per stone, but beef continueB cheap in price. Veal anid pork are both firm- 1 Advertisementj]-" The IWife's own Book of Cookery" Is IllustrIted with abo're 250 descriptive engravings, and containa MOO' Orgial reeit adapted to all incomes It includes economic methds f rostig, bilig, broiling, and stewinig meat, fisb, poultry, raloe, and vegetables; inexpensinstructions for making Pies, Pud- ngs, tarts and all other pastry; *how to pickl-e and preserve fruits and egenble; cokeybornvaidsandI children; andplsin2directions on arvng Ths i aremarkl usefel book, pr-ice 3s. C<. The new book, "legnt sl~forLadies-," 3s. Cd. ; and "1Beebstein' Handboo o Cae-ird,"25.Cd, soId be found upon ever drawingrom tabl. Thy ae prfu ly lustrated. London, Ward and Lock, 15S, CFleeet-steet.
JUDICIAL COMMITTEE OF PMVY COUNCIL, Friday, -4pril IL i'INSEP AIM THE HOND. EAST Th'DIA COMPAYY V. DYCE SOC60RE, TROU1P, AND SOLAROLI. . (Befor Mr. FEMBERT&N IM=, SWe EDWARD RYA, Dr. LUSEIYGTON, and Zords Justices MaGRT BRucO and r q0-0 % The SouorfaTO-GENstL, in continuing his argument, submitted that Lord Combermere and Mr. Prinsep, who were parties to the agreement with M1r. Mahon, -were themselves conscious and individually convinced that 3fr. Dyce Sombre was mad, but they sought to put a veil over his 1nsanity. The influence that was exercised over him was thoan by the letters of Lord and Lady Combermere, which were nearly 60 in number, and ran down to as late a period as the 10th of December, 1848. The langw_e employed was such as would not have been used . s they had considered that lie was labouring under insane delusions. The statements contained in them were not calculated to soothe his mind, but to conxirm his view as to the conduct of Mmrs Dyce Sombre; and yet their L.ordships were asked to believe that he had had his impressions removed by such admonitions as were contained m them. He was humoured in his delusions in order to bring about the end suggested-namely, the concealment of his delusions in order to obtain the supsm-edeas of the commission of lunacy. There were communications from Mr. Prinsep to the deceased which contrasted rather favourably with those from Lord and Lady Combermere ;- but still they wero of the same tenour. The - history of the deceased's insanity showed that his delusions were only the result of a diseased and disordered mind, and had no foundation in external taings. The learned counsel then referred to varions parts of the evidence, in order- to show the conduct of lires. Dyce Sombre anterior to the issuing of the commission, the terms on which she and her husband lived together, and the manner in which she had conducted herself after -the commission was issued. The Lord Chancellor, in delivering judgment, in April, 1849, upon a petition to supersede the commission, and which it was only due to the lunatic to, say that he had published himself in his "refutation," thus spoke of Mrs. Dyce Sombre:-"' I think that not only the conduct and manner of Mfrs. Dyce Sombre appear to be irreproachable, but her demeanour under the most painful circumstances exhibited more patience, courage, affection, and devotion to her husband than the most ardent admirer of female character could have supposed possible." She had been exposed to great danger, her husband had threatened to murder her, and had said that he could not be hap ,y until he had done it; nevertheless she continued to cohas it with him until separation was indispensablvnecessary. His assertions astotheillegitimacyof Zradame ,1aroli were the extravagances of a diseased mind, and his nublication of them in the "refutation," without any qualiication, proved that down to August, 1849, he was, with regard to one of his connexions, most decidedly and hopelessly insane. It was admitted that those assertions were untrue, hut they assumed at different times different shaes, and were most wild and incoherent. Inconsistent and Improbable reasons were given by him as the ground on which he entertained those impressions. The delusions under which he laboured respecting the East India Company, and which continued down to a late period of his life, were conclusive proof that he was utterly unable to arrive at sound conclusions. According to the evidence of Mr. Campbell, who was acquaited with him from 1849 to 1851, he charged his wife and the East India Company with being in league together igainst him. That evidence brought down Mis delusions as to the Company to a period, subsequent to the date of the will. Mr. Prinsep imagined that the deceased's manifestations of favour towards the East India Company, and the giving them the charitable bequest, was nothing more than the carrying out of an antecedent intention when he was in India; but the only will in existence when he left that country was one in which he directed the whole of his property, subject to a legacy to his daughter Penelope, to be divided between his Lwo sisters. There was conclusive proof of insanity on the face of the will propounded, as respected both Mrs. Dyce Sombre and Baroness Solaroll The law required that at the time of making a will the testator should be of sound and disposing mind, memory, and understanding. Those words were not synonymous. The mind must not only be sound, but free from any external influence that would operate upon the disposing inclination. It must not be influenced unduly either to give to those to whom it did give, or with regard to those who would naturally be the objects of bounty. Could it be said that Mr. Dyce Sombre was not unduly influenced with respect to his wife and Madame Solaroli at the tisise of making this will? If he had been of sound mind, would the East India Company have been the subjects of his bounty? If his delusions affected the exercise of his understanding aud the determination of the will was it possible to say that he was of sound and disposig mind? Some diseases of the brain affected only the body , others manifested themselves in affections which prevented the sound exercise of the understanding. Those were matters on which ordinary persons were as competent to judge as physicians. In inquiring into the continuation of a disease of the mind the symptoms must be inquired into in the &ame way as with regard to disease of the body. That was the principle laid dowfn in Ray's ALfedicclJu;isprudeence, p.94. In the case of the deceasedthe disease of the brain was not indicated by disease of the body,.but hymentsl symptoms. He had so far lost the power of judging of the connexion between things that he associated things together which had no counexion with each other. Physicians stated that that was an evidence of insanity. If the delusions entertained by the deceased still existed, though in a modifed form, their Lordships were bound topronounce for the continuance of the disease; and if thedisease continued,there could not be a sound and disposing mind. To contend that a man who entertained the same feelings of animosity which actuated him during his insanity had recovered from it would be as absurd as to say that a man had -recovered from bodily disease when the symptoms indicated that it continued, even if mitigated, yet in all its characteristics. The last letter written to his wife, dated the 15th of June, 1851, about a fortnight before his death, exhibited a continuation of the same sentiments which began during the time of his insanity in 1843. It had been said that Air. Prinsep would not have propounded the will if lse had not been the agent of the ast India Company. Was there a ease ever presented to a court of justice so extraordinary as this? The executor appointed by the will came forward to propound it at the instance of parties whose indemnity as to costs he held, but who for years knew that the deceased was an adjudged lunatic. this was an attempt to obtain from the present tribunal a judgment revocatory of antecedent judgments. The time chosen for the preparation of the wil was contemporaneous with ani application to the Court of Chancery to supersede the commission. Instead of there being convincing testimony as to the sanity of the deceased previously to 1848, there was the strongest proof that the disorder of his mind existed in an aggravated form during the preparation of the will, and subsequently to its cxecution. The persons attesting ithad no means of judging of the state of his mind. The East India Company were intimately acquainted with his affairs. Under the directions of the Lord Chancellor suits had been instituted to recover from them on behalf of the lunatic sums amounting to several hundred thousand pounds. They had therefore a great stake in gettin- the administration decreed to their agent, Mr. Prinsep. flunder such circumstances the expenses could not be defrayed out of the estate, and he (the Solicitor-General), therefore, prayed their Lordships to affirni the judgment of the Court below, with costs. The further hearing was adjourned until Tuesday next, when the Attorney-General will reply on behalf of tire appellants.
LAW REPORT. VICE-CflANTCELLORS' COURTS. APRT 1L IN ME TIHE rROTESTA?NT LIFE MND FIRE INSUPRANCE (1ESp .k NY_- (BWo27e Viie-Chancelor Sir R. T. Xm'DEsraYl.) 31r. W. W. CooPEB appeared in support of a petition to wind-up this company under the acts of 1848 and 1849. The petition was, m fact, presented on behalf of the conmpany itself, whLich was admitted to be insolvent. The constitution of the company was such that, although it granted fire policies, it did not, in fact, transact such a branch of insurance, but when applied to handed over such matters to another office. Claims had been made, however, in respect of such policies, and the Protestant Insurance Company being found liable such claims had produced great embar rassment, and a distress had been put in for rent of the company's offices. All the directors had been served and one shareholder, who had a copy of the petition. No one, in fact, opposed the petition; the company was well knowvn, and there was no doubt that the most beneficial thingwould be for all concerned that a winding-up order should be made. Tlhe VICE-CHANCELLOR said that the very name of the company was sufficient to deter any one from meddling with it. It did not appear upon the petition who were the directors and what was the capital; nothing of this appeared upon the petition, and, however well-Lnown the company might be, his Honour had never heard of it, nor, if he had could he take notice of any such knowledge, unless it came to him judicially. He would never make an order to windup as a matter of course. The only order that could now be made was to amend the petition, the facts necessary as a foundation for a winding-np order uot appearing upon it. DIXON V. JACKSON. This was a petition for the re-investment in other lands of a sum of 3,5001. paid into court in 1847 by the Great Northern Railway Comipany for four acres and a-half of ]and at Holloway, the property of a gentleman named Jack-son, since deceased. The property taken by the company was copyhold, and possession being taken on a deposit of Exchequer-bills, and Mr. Jackson having died, the purchase money was paid into court by the company to the credit of "Ex parle the Great Northern Railway Company," and this suit was instituted to administer the testator's estate, and the land in qucsion was enfranchised with nine acres of other adjoining lands under an order made in the suit, with the isual preliminary inquiries, and the costs cf such enfranchisement were asked against the company. Mr. Baily and Mr. Collins appeared in support of the petition. Mr. C. BARBER, for the plaintiffs, referred to the ca=e "In re Taylor," 1 Mac. and Gord., 210, on the question of costs. Mr. C. P. Cooper, Mr. Glasse, and Mr. J. H. Palmer appeared for the cestuique trusts. :M T. STrvmxs appeared for the company, and contended that they were not liable to the costs asked against them, on two groiunds-first, that the purchase-money was paid in under the 7Sth section of the Lauds Clauses Act, which enacted that on the application by petition of any pwarty claiming money which had been pail into court, or nds for which it had been paid, the Court might in a sunmmarv way order such money to be laid out in the public funds for distribution thereof or payment of the dividends, according to the rights of the parties. Therefore, on this section it was contended that the Court had no jurisdiction to order the re-investment in other lands. The second ground was that there was. in fact, a binding contract between the testator and th6 company during his lifetiffie, and therefore the Lands Clauses Act did not anply; and on both these grounds the company were not liable to pay the costs asked against them. Ilpon this latter ground long affidavitshad been made tosubstaniate the alleged contract; whereby it appeared that the testator's solicitor had signed an agreement for sale on the testator's behalf, and that it was considered that the land had been sold by the testator to- the company. "I Hvard-v. Lord Radcliffe," 1 Ves. and Bea., wvs i poipit on this question. Mr. BAILY vas heard in reply, and it was stated th,u the money was paid into court generally. The Viu-CHN CELLoR thout that t. e. alleged con'tract was not such an one as could be sp-cifically enforced, and with regard to the question whether enrancnisemnut could be considered as a re-investment his Honour thougit the good sense of the mrtter waS that it was, as had bEen the opinion of Vice-CiiirceLlor Wood. WTith respect to the question as to ti> node of p-yiug th3 money into court, the 78th section end.d wfith the words " or may make such other order as it may tbinuk fit; " and, indeed, under the power to deal with it according to the rights of the parties the Court had jaxisdiction to deal with it in the manner now asked. The costs must therefore. be paid by the railway company. (Before we-ChaWnegir Mr. 1'. WOOD.) PICKFORD V. BROWN. BhoxN"R v. nROIVJ. These suits, which came on for hearing together, were instituted for the purpose of administering the estate of the late Joseph Brown, the testator in the causes. The will contained certain trusts for his unborn grandchildren on their attainng 25, with directions as to maintenance and the accumulation by the trustees of the shares of such grandchildren in the meantinae. The VICE-CnAeNCELLOrt held these limitations to be void, as affected by the rule against perpetnities. The question then arose as to whether the widow of the testator, who was a freeman of the city of London, andhad made a will and appointed executors, was entitled, according to the custom of London, to 4-9the of that part of ,, huasband's personal estate the limitations as to which had been declared to be void for remoteness. The further question was involved as to whether the customs as to the ttates of freemen of the cities of London and York were governed by the same rules. Mr. Chandless and Mr. Baggallay, Mr. Rolb and Mr. IL F. Bristowe, Mr. Daniel, Mr. W. AL James and Mr. Cairns, and 3Mr. F. G. A. Williams, appeared for the several parties. The VICE-CHANCELLOR intimated that he would give judgment upon this point on Monday morning.
COURO QFBANK.JPTCO, B inghl-retd, April II Z RE WVTLlIAM W-F('P.lR- {Before Mr. CoM=ioecr FAN?- lhee lICnkrupt was a papermaker, of Eawley Mills, near Dartford. A statement of his affairs by Messr. HEarding and Pullein shows a deficiency on the 31st of December, 185, cf 3,02,11., and present debts, 10,2851. dictto to creditors holding security, 6,3871. The assets are about 3001., exclusive of 2,5001. held by the secured creditors. There is an alleged loss of 6,5471. upon the Hawley Mils ; the cost of the mills and plant having been 8,94l7,te amount receiveo f for them under an execution by the Sheriff 2,0001. This was an examination meeting. Mr. Bagley appeared for the assignees; Mr. Lawrance for the bankErupt. An adjournment sine die was ordered, with protection for one month. IN RE COHEN ) LANDMiNER. The bankrupts were goldsmiths and jewvelers, of Hattongarden. Their accounts show-unsecured debts, 16,5531. liabilities, 5,3441 * and assets about 9,0001. They passed their examination unopposed. IN RE JAs;S TO T. The bakutiIecie sasionr f Lloyd's. rom,ioa xhne.Asaeeto=i affairs, by Messrs. Butler andMacpeso shows--unecurd crditors, 7'7081. otheerreditors, 12,16, as patially secure by the si oid,vle t931.Teohrast r 1881. The bankrupt passed his examination. (Before Mr. ComrniWsioner EvANS.) IN BE F. Du NEUMANN. The bankrupt was a merchant, of Pimlico. He passed his examination on accounts already published, showing debts, 20,1311.; liabilities, 7,8301.; and assets (chiefly at Sydney), about 85C01. M. Bagley appeared for the bankrupt, and Mr. Nicholson for the assignees. In HE JEFFEXES. The bankrupt was a merchant, of Rio Janeiro and Old Broad-street. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Linklater supported. Mfr. H. TAYLOR, for the assignees, was willing that a first-class certificate should be granted. Granted accordingly.
INSOLVENT DEBTOBS" OOURT, Am, il m LN RE JOILN TPARDA.N ERTT..rV (Before tIe CT:F CoMToxrnlrT This insolvent, a pluumber at Camden-town, was opposed by Mr. Dowse for atuilLug society and by Mr. Way for a loan society. Mr. Nichols supported. In July, 1854, the insolvent was discharged under the act, and within a month endorsed a bill to oblige a friend named Jones, which had been discouanted by the loan society nowr opposing. An action wras broughtin one of the superior courts and the costs were 247. The other society opposing were creditors, and also sued the insolvent in a superior court; their costs were 171. 14s. 8d By default the costs in each would have been 3?. Ss., and in the County Court about 41. 10s. It was urged that creditors who sued in the superior courts could not complain of the expense. The CmFp CoanrssroNxn thought that where a man had no defence he had no right to put his creditor to expense by pleading. His Honour gave a judgment of five months' imprisonment.
CENTRAL CRIMINAL COUBR, ApriZ IL _i Oii COURT. I.tcJorc the RECORDER.) Stephen Stout, 26, described as an agent, was indicted for feloniously forging andutteringanacceptance to a bill of exchange for 251l., wsith intent to defraud. Wr. Parry prosecuted; the prisoner was defende by Mr. Fr-ancis. This case occupied the Court for a considerable time, but the facts lay in a very narrow compass. It appeared that the prosecutor was a gentleman named Judkuns, a native of the Uuited States, and that he had obtained patents for some scientific invertions, among which was a sewing machine. Theprisoner entered his service in February, 1854, aud it appeared that in June of that year, upon the occasion of some public oxhibition in the town of Plymouth, the pnsoner was sent there with one of these machines to e.xhibit and w-ith liberty to dispose of it and to establish an agency forthe sale of the machines to the public. The prisoner subsequently represented that he had sold the machine intrusted to him to a tradesman named Cross, at Plymouth, and that he had given the bill that was the subject of the inquiryin payment. The prisoner shortly afterwards was dissed from the ermployment of the prosecutr and absconded, and it turned out that the prisoner had received payment for the machine from Mr. Cross in cash, and that the bill was an entire fabrication and forgery. Nothing was heard of the prisoner until two months ago when he was given into custody. The above facts were distinctly proved in evidence, but the learned counsel for the prisoner, in aecordance with the instructions given to himu, subjected the prosecutor and some of the other witnesses to a very severe cross-examination upon matters that appeared to have very little to do with the subject that was under inquiry, and with the object of showing that the charge had been trumped up for some purpose or other. The jury, without any hesitation, retumned a verdict of Guilty. Some inquiries were then made by the Court, from which it appeared that the prisoner had been suspected of dishonesty on several subsequent occasions, andthat he had undergone an imprisonment of 12 months in Coventry Gaol for embeszlement. It aiso appeared that he had obtained his situation with the proaecutor by means of a forged certilfcateof character. The REcoRDER, in passing sentence, said it appeared to hinm that the malicious instructions the prisoner had given to his counsel greatly aggravated his offence. The crime-of forgery was under any circumstances a most serious one in a conmmercial country, and if this case had stood alone the Court would have felt it a duty to sentence him to a long period of penal servitude; but, as it appeared that he had already undergone imprisonment for felony, and had been suspected on other occasions, this, coupled with the facts connected with the present charge, led him to come to the conclusion that the prisoner was a most dangerous man to be allowed to remain in this country, and that it was his duty to remove him from it. He therefore thought it right to pass upon him the sentence of transportation for 14 years. Joseph Hopkins, 56, described as a cooper, and Johm Stuart, 36, traveller, were charged with breaking into the warehouse of Robert Marshall, and stealing a quantity of velvet and silk, valued at 500!., his property. Mr. Ballantine and Mr. P. H. Lewis conducted the prosecution; Mr. Ribton defended Hopkins; and Mr. Lawrence was counsel for the other prisoner. It appeared that the prosecutor was a silk manufacturer, aud that he occupied a warehouse on the ground floor in Spital-square. It was his custom to go out every day between l and 2 o'clock to have his dinner, and during his absence the door of his warehouse was locked, but no one was left in charge of the property in it. It appeared that on the 20th of February he left this arehouse about halfpast 1 o'clock and locked the door, and did not return until 2, when he found some difficulty in unlocking the door, and upon his going in he discovered that during his absence a large quantity of valuable property had been stolen. No portion of the property had been recovered, and the evidlence to connect the prisoner with the transaction was entirely of a circumstantial kind, the principal facts relied upon being that both prisoners wvere seen lurking about the prosecutor's warehouse several days before the robbery, and that Hopkins was seen with a horse and cart on the day it was comnnitted, and that some man was observed to ran up to the cart and throw some bundles into it; and some of the witnesses identified Stuart, also, as having been ia communication with the other prisoner near the place where the robbery was committed. It also appeared that when Stuart was taken into custody he asked to beallowed togo into the watercloset at the police-station, and he was there heard to tear up paper, and a number of small pieces of paper were subsequently found in the pan I of the closet, and, upon their being put to,ether, there 'were found upon them a number of rncilmarYcs andfigures that referred to the exact nunmber o, pieces of velvet that were stolen upon the occasion from the warehouse of the prosecutor. The jury found both prisoners Guilty, and Hopkins, who had been previously convicted of felony and sentenced to 10 years' transportation, was sentenced to be transported for 14 years; and Stuart was sentenced to four years' penal servitude. The sentence upon Burms for the wool robbery was respited to the next session. NEW COURT. (Before the CommoN-SERJmA?tT.) Iralter Scott Dowding, a gentlemanly-looldng man, surrendered to;take his trial upon an indictment charging him with having, in his capact*y of sar 'ry t6 th& City of London and Tower Hiets Ceme.l -y C- apany, embezzled the sums of 1! Ss. and 52'Z.. the moneys of the said company, his m^r, emr Bodklin and.Mr. Clerk prosecated, and M.Ballantine defended. It appeared that the prisoner ha& been. the secretary and bookkeeper to the company at a salary of 100!. a-year, a house to live in, and 2 per cent. uon' the receipts of the company. The company held their meetings once a fortnight, and it was then the prisones duty to lay before the board the accounts of that period sad the balance in hand. Until June, 1855, the company used to balance accounts with the various parishes who buried paupers in their grounds every half-year, but at that half-yearly meeting the company rescinded that resolution, and arranged that the prisoner should make them up quarterly. At the end of the first quarter following that arrangement the prisoner wrote a letter to the directors, in which he stated that he must throw himself upon their mercy, as he was a defaulter, and at some of the subsequent interviews which he had witlh the directors he stated that, being compelled in the pursuit of their business to associate a great deal with undertakers he had fallen into habits of intoxzication, andhad lost several sums of money belonging to the company. The two sums lid inthe Present indictment had been paid to him by the parish of St. Mfargaret, WFeatminstes, at the close of the year 185 and the early part of 1855, and he had used checks which ho had received from other persons indebted to the company, paying them in to Messrs. 'Hankey, the bankers to cover the deficiency which his appropriation of those two sums had created, and when the parish of St. Margaret closed their business with the com. pany priso nerhad made them out indebted to it in the sum of 156!., whereas they htad settled all demands in full. - Mr. BALA.sM'E contended that there was no case to go to the jury; it could not be held to be embezzlement, as the prisoner had been shown to have paid in the amounts received to the account of the company, although he must admit that he had not done so at the time of receiving them" 1Mr. BOD-n said that the prisoner had made returns up to certain periods representing all moneys received to be ineluded, hut which did not make any seention of these two sums, although they had afterwards been paid in. The case was upon the same footing as "the King v. Hall," where the judges had held that such an act constituted embezzlement. The Comiox-SEnjEnzT said that the prisoner could not cure himself of the embezzlement by paying the money in afterwards. Under ordinary circumstances, paying it in 'after neglecting to account for it would not strictly be an embezzlement, but here it was paid in discharge of debts to his master for which he was liable. - Mr. BALusm'rg then addressed the jury, contending that there -was not any felonious intention upon the part of the prisoner, who would have acted more wisely had he made known at once to his employers the loss -which had led to these defalcations. The case was tried at a late hour on Thursday in the Third Court, and, the jury having been locked up, after an absence of several hours, they returned a verdct of Vot Gui4y. This morning the prisoner was brought up in this court to be tried upon some other indictments, but, upon the application of counsel, they were postponed until next session, and theprisoner -was released upon baiL THIRD dOURT. (Before Mr. FnRENwDRGAsT, Q.C.) The newly-appointed judge of the City Sheriffs' Court who is also constituted a commissioner for the trial of prisoners at this court, presided upon the beach this morning for the first time. Frederick Matthews, John Massey, Richard Covinton, and John Bailey, surrendered to take their trial upon an indictment charging them with stealing a quantity of guano, the property of Anthony Gibbs and another. M. Robinson prosecuted, and Mr. Ballantine defended the prisoners. It appeared from the evidence that the prosecutors are the so agents tothe Peruvian Government for the sale of guano, and the prisoners are lightermen in the employment of a Mr. Pillow, anmaster lighterman employed by Messrs. Gibbs to convey all guano sold by them from the West India Docks, where it is warehoused upon its arrival in this country. On the 22d of February, as two of the - Thames police were going along in the police galley, they saw a beat p all off from a bargewhich was going up theriver, and row 1to the HIorselydowvn stairs. They followed, and saw ihe prisoners MSatthew s, Masey, and Covinton get out. Two of them took sacks from the boat, which Coivinton helped them to get upon their shoulders. The police then followed them to No. 1, Queen-street, Horlydow, and when they arrived there asked the prisoners what they had got. They told the officers they had better go to Mr. Pillow, and they would find it all right. Bailey, who lived at the house in Queen-street, was not at home. The police upon looking into the place saw some more sacks, which upon inspection were found to contain guano. amounting in the whole to about one ton and a half, and its value was about 151. Bailey upon coming home was asked about it, and he said it was sweepings and his perquisite, and had been a long time accumulating. The prisoners were upon this taken into custody and sent for triaL Bailey, it appeared, was the foreman, and the others were bound to obey his orders. One was an apprentice. n cross-ex;amination it was elicited that the guano found at Baileyfs had dust in it, and might have been the sweepings of the barges, in which the ~guas,o is conveyed in bags. The bags are of a very coarse texture and the guano very fine, and, the barges in which it is conveyed being kept very clean, the refuse would not suffer any material adulteration. Mr. BALxSrE, ina very powerfulspeech, said that the case was one of the very weakest description, and that the prosecutors had done very wrong in sending the apprentice for trial at alL The learned CosriassiosraR having summed up, The Jury Acquifted the prisoners, adding that the apprentice left the court without a stain upon his character. The CoonrssIoxnm said it was a question if they ought to have been put at the bar. There was not any ground for the charge exvcept against Bailey. It as a very wrong thing to lig,htly charge any man with feony, and he was not prepared to say that Bailey should not have the guano found upon his premises returned to him. This, with another trifling case, closed the business of the session.
POLICE. MN=uSIOS-HOUSE.--WilUiam Johnson, wvho appeared to be about 20 years of age, was brought before hSir R. W. CARnxDs in the custody of Horsford, the chief constable of the Mendicity Society, chargedby laI. Prescott, the banker, of Threadneedle-street, with having endeavoured to obtain charitable contributions under false and fraudulent pretences. WMr. Prescott saidr-Yesterday the prisoner brought me a petition, and asked me to contribute to the object mentioned in it. I told him to call this morning at 11 o'clock, when I should have time to look into the case. I returned the petition to him, but retained the cover. I have had communications of the same kind upon former occasions, and there were appended to the petitions the names of the Chance]lor of the Exchequer and other gentlemen who reside in my neighbourhood. I obtained the assistance of the Mendicity Society. I believe the petition to be false. 'he followingis a copy of the petition, to which was appended a long list of most respectable names:- RNIOUrSIsRWDGE nISTP.ICT, ST. ataeAEsrS, WEST- ?NB'STER, COUNTY OF MuoDnLEssx. "In consequence of the sudden death by apoplexy of Mr. W. G. Hodgson, of this neighbourhood, a widow and nine children are reduced to circumstances truly distressing, which are considerably increased through her eldest daughter being affected with imbecilitv of nind. "A A few benevolent friends have therefore proposed to enter into a subscription, with the view of raising by voluntary contributions the sum of 4251., in order to place HMrs. odgson, who is a person of superior accomplishments, in a seminary for the tuition of young ladies, which will enable her to maintain herself and her family with respectability. "Given under our hands this 7th day of April, in the I year of our Lord, 1856." Sir R. Wl: CArnsm said the official appearance and style of the vetition gave to it a character extremely well calculnted to deceive. The prisoner.-Yoiur Lordship, I have only to say that it is all false-petition, names, and alL I was sent with it by men who promised me half the booty. Mr. Prescott said lie bad received upon a formdr occasion an application of a similar kind, with a counterfeit recommenation from Sir Robert Peel, and he had reason to believe that a very extensive system of the description was carried on. As nothing could be more mischievous than attempts calculated to check the charitable sympathies of the public, le would not think anything of the trouble he might be required to take tomake a proper example. Sir H. WV. CxmwES.-I have received appiications which had just as genuine claims as this ; but I am very seldom troubled in that way noxw. Mr. Prescott.-No; you are rather too well known to the class. (A laugh.) Horsford.--The prisoner has to my knowledge been convicted at Marlborough-street and Haammersmith police courts upoII such charges. Sir R. W. CAP.DEN.-Can I have certificates of conviction of the prisoner upon former occasions? Horsford.-I shall try to get them. Sir R. W. CARDEN.-I wish you may succeed, because upon the return of a second conviction I can give the prisoner imprisonment for six months, and upon the return of a third I can adjudge him to a sound whipping. The prisoner, who shuddered at the information he had just received, wvas then remanded till Tuesday. Jean Beamont was committed for trial upon the charge of having robbed a lady of her purse in an omnibus. fluggett and several of the other detective officers said the prisoner wvas certainly one of the most inveterate thieves in the metropolis. A certificate of the prisoner's conviction for a robbery committed ten years ago was produced. GrLDHmnLLA.-Joseph Serjeant was charged with assaulting policeman 150 in the execution of his duty. The officer said he heard screams of "Murder !" issuing fromNo. 5,Vine-court, Moor-lane, andon roceeding thither he saw the prisoner with his wife on tie floor and her face covered with blood from a wound over the eye, where the p risoner had kicked her. Alderman WIRE asked if the prisoner had his boots on when he inflicted the injury. The officer said he had, and the woman told him the prisoner had threatened to put an end to her existence with a knife, which she ga.ve witness when she gave the prisoner into custody. On the way to the police-station the prisoner became exceedingly violent, and kickLed witness on the leg several times and hit him en the knuckle very severely. Alderman Wraisinquired if the pri_oner-was drunk or sober. Witness said he was quite sober. The prisoner said he was quite drunk, and so was his wife. Alderman WriRE wished to know if the wife was present. The officer said she was not, and she refused to goto the staton to prefer her cbaire. Alderman WIRE said that drunkenness was only an aggravation of the offence, and not an exquse for such violent conduct. Hetherefore cornlitted himtoprisox for 21 days, with low diet and hard labour. SO1 WAnV.a-Thomas Gailop, a chairMiaker, of San. street, Bishopgate-street, and Frederick Benstead, a French clogmaker, of Willow-walk, were placed at the bar before Mr. ComzE, charged on suspcion of breakimg into the warehouse of Mr. l-lliaxnKt.mbert, wholesale leather. dresser, Bermondsey 'New-road, and stealing therefrom nanufactured goodsvalued at nearly 2OOr. 3* r. Wifliam Pearson, clerl to the prosecutor, stated that hesawthepremises securlyfastenedup on thenight of the 19th lIt., and all the propert ws sae. On the following morning he discovereA that the premises had been broken into, andthat manufactured goods valuedat upwards of 200L had been stolen. He gave information tothe polce, an aportionoftheproperty was traced to the prisoners -pos. session. The bundle of calf Wellington baclks he identified as his employefs property. Smith, 165 X, said he was employed in plain clothes to trace the robbery, and from information he received he saw Benstead, who took himn to the shop of a bootmaker named Brown, in Pitfield-street, Hoston, who said he had purchased them of him, believing him to have come honestly by them, as he had known him many years. Fiom information afterwards obtained from Benstead he took Gallop into custody, and at his honse fonnd more property, which the prosecutor identified. He had no furthei cvidence to give; but if the prisoners were remanded he believed he should be able to bring forward witnesses to substantiaste the case. Mr. CoM;SE: asked whether Brown, the bootmaker who had purchased the leather, was in attendanmee Smith replied that he was not, but he said that he had dealt with Benstead many years, and believed him to be an honest, respectable man. Gallop said he received the goods from his father-in-law, a man named Bailey, a curier, to sell for him on commission; but he did not know where he lived or worked. Benstead said Galop and Bailey brought the goods tohim, as he had a connexion amoDg shoemak-ers, and they offered him a handsome commission to sell them for them. Mr. COsMB said that a very extensive burglary had been committed, and, as a portion of the proparty had been traced to them, he mnust remand them for a week; but, at the same time, he -would accept bail for their appearance. LAhsmT-_JaTmes Raymond, a slater's labourer, who has been in custody for a week, on a charge of committing a most murderous assault on his wife, was brought up for fnal examination before Mr. EL uorr. The unfortunate wife, who was brought from St.Thomses Hospital, is still labouring under the effects of the prisoner's brutality, and appeared so wealk and feeble as to be scarcely able to stand erect. She was obliged to be assisted into the court by a policeman, and was accommodated with a seat while giving her evidence. When sworn she - said yesterday week, at about half-past 2 o'clock, my husband came home and asked me for 2d., and, seeing that he was the worse forliquor, knowingat thetime he would spend it in more drink, 1 refused to *ve it to him. He then rushed at me, and struck me several blows on the face, blackened both my eyes, and made my nose bleed profusely. He also struck me several blows on the head with a teapot he laid hold of, and kicked me as often as six or seven times in the lower part of the stomach. He took a clasp knife out of his pocket, and said he would cut my throat, and actually opened it, but just as he jid so somebody forced the door, pen, and but for tll I really think he would have cut my throat. I got into the passage as well as I was able, but he folowed me, got his hand entantled in my hair, and knocked my head against the wall several times, until I became quite insensible. I was taken to St. Thomas's Hospital, where I have been since, and am still so bad that I aball be obliged to return there. My husband has been in the habit ofi using me for a length of time, and I havehad three children born dead through his illusage. Mm Mary Smith deposed that she lived next door to the last witnes2, and at the time spoken of by her she heard loud screams of " Murder," and also distinctly heard her head knocked against the wall several times. She (witness) begged of a man who was in the house at the time to force the prisoner's door open, and he did so, and sbe immediately after saw Mrs. Raymond bleeding profusely from the nose and the top of her head. Witness also saw the complainant seized with a fit in consequence of her husband's brasIlty. Mrs. Rebecca Walkins said sbe saw the prisoner attack his wvfe a second time, after she had got away from him and reached the passage. Witness begged of him to desist and not to kill the poor woman outright, andhis reply was, :'"She is wife, and Ihavealight tobeat her ifI think roperY H e also threatened that if she interfered he would serve her in the same way. Her (witness's) son then interfered, and prevented the prisoner's further violence; otherwise the poor woman would have been served much worse than she was. The constable who apprehended the prisoner produced a large clasp knife, such as those used by gardeners as praning knives, which he said he found open in the prisoner's pocket. 31r. ELLIOTT (to the prisoner).-What have you got to say to this savage assault on your wife? 1xisoner.-All I have got to say is that I asked my wife for 2d., and, though she showed me a shilling, she refused to give me what I asked. Besides this she took up the poker to strike me on thehead withit, and I merely gaveher a smack on the face. Mkr. ELiaoTT (to the wife).-Is it true that you took up the poker to strike your husband with, as he has stated? Wife.-Certainly not, Sir ; I did nothing of the kind. Mr. ELLIorr (to the prisoner).-Yours is one of those bratal cases which fortunately do not often occur, and deserves theseverest punishment the law can infict. That punishment is SiX months' hard labour, aud I feel I should not bedscharging mny duty towards the public if I did not award in your case the whole of thatpunishment. The sentence of the Court therefore is that you be committed to Wandsworth Iouse of Correction for six months, and there kepteto hard labourb £The prisoner was then removed from the bar.
rAV'll AYD MILITABY INTELLIGENCE. Vite-Admnirdl Sir George Seymour, K.C.B., Commander. in-C if, and.Commodore the Ron. F. T. Pelhams, C.B., GCaPtai of the Fleet at Spitbead, went out yesterday in the stetayacht Fire Queen, Master Commander W. F. Paul, Mi assemibled the gunboat flotilla. At S o'clock signal was -zecide for the whole of the gunboats to get up steam forthwith. At 1120 Sir George Seymour and Commodore Pelham, accompanied by Captain the Hon. J. R. Drummond, C.B., of the Victory, Captain A. C. Cooper, C.B., of the Sanspareil, and Flag-Lieutenant Pechell, went out in the Fire Queen. When at Spithead the captains of the several divisions of gunboats-Captaisi Coirington, C.B., of the Red; Captain the Hon. H. Keppel, C.B., of the White; and Captain Yelverton, C.B., of the Blue,-Were Eignalled to repair on board the tire Queen for an audience with the Commxnder-dnCLhief. The whole flotilla immediately afterwards got under w-,v, and proceeded towards Stokes Bay to form the erder of sailing (or rather steaming) in two columns, Caein CodSington on board the CoQuette (Conmiander Risk), and Captains Keppel and Yelverton on board gunboats, the firstna.sned leading the red squadron;, the second tle white, and the third the blue, and each having its distin,guishing pennant flying. Having formca the order of sailing in two columns, they proceoded through the fleet at anchor, which is aLo moored in two long lines. On arriving at the head of the fleet the starboard, or xe division, under Captain Codrington, steamed rond the Royal George, 1W9, to starboard, while the white and blue divisions turned round to port on the Duke of Wellington, zand each line p-rsued its course back to the bottom. of the line of tke fleet. Sundry other manxreres were then ordered to be. performed by signal, whilsc were satidactorily executed, and then the Vonunander-in-Chief returned to port. The weather was unfavosrale for any display, but the movements of the flotilla were anxiously watched by thoasands of spectators fromr all points. Tke fleet was joined yesterday by the Exnmouth, 91, Captain Eyres, C.B. ; the Conqueror, 101, Captain Symonds, C.B., from Plymouth; the Hydra, 6, Commander H. (4. Morris, from the Cape of 'Good Hope; the Sepo-, 2, gunboat, Lieutenant Knox, from the Thames; the Alban, 3, steazvessel, Lieutenant Fisher, froum Queensto-win. The W1aderer, 6, Commander Luce, was taken out of dock yesterday, refitted. The Basilisk, 6, Commander 'Crofton, adjusted her compasses yesterday. The Meteor, 14, steam-battcry, Captain Seymour, was towved into harbour yesterday, to repair defects. The Rattler screw steam sloop, Commander Fellowes, whose arrival at Spithead we merely noted yesterday, left Hlongkong- on the 5th of December, arrived at the Cape of ,Good Hope en the 12th of February, and left on the 24th; St. 1-elexa on the 4&th of March; she has had several cases of ldysentery on the passage, and 3ost 10 men and the gunner. The Rattler was leaky until she -arrived at the Cape, where she caulked, a4nd since then has not been so bad; she had le.t"v breezes last week. from the N. to S.W., with heavv Seons. She brought home 30 Eussian prisoners, and Lieutenants Pousckin and Schilliug. The P.attler has been is icounission nearly five years, during wvhich time she has been engaged at Burmah, and various times with pirates, &-c. Death has been a constant -isitor on board, in one shape or another. She does not bring back one-third of her original ship's company; the others are scattered alu over the East; her lower chain plates are gone and foremast wrung. The Sprightly steam tenader, Master Commander George Allen, w-as sent to Spithead yesterday to the above vessels, -to bring ashore their Rvssian passengers (no longer prin oners), who will be conveyed in a day or two to the Baltic' in the steam transport Iamperatriz, which is expected on Monday. The paddle-wheel steam troopship Dee, 4, Commandes T. C. Pullen, sailed frcm Plymouth for Woolwich on 'Thursday. The mortar ship Seahorse, 12, Captain L. Heath, one oi the old frigates fitted with a soresv, has made a successful -trial outside Plymouth Sound. Her engines, by Penn and Son, on the high-pressure principle, are of 200-horse power, 5he attained a speed over nine knots, making 112 revolutions with 601b. of steam. Not the least priming of boilers ox -eating of the bearings occurred. She will probably leave Plynmouth to-day to join the fleet at Spithead. The Government diver at Plymouth has discovered in 3anmoaze the hull of a ship, supposed to be the frigate Amiphion, blown up on. the 2d -of September, 1796. Some sefforts are to be ma&e to r-use portions of the wreck. The Driver, 6, paddlewheel steam sloop, Commander Alan H. Gardner, arrived at Sheerness on Thursday night -fromu Portsmouth, annd is now -under sailing orders wvaiting the arrival of the Vesuvius, -, -paddlewheel steam sloop, -Commander Edward G(. Hore, to tow the mortar vessels Nos,.,, 16, 17, 20, 10, and 107 round to Spithead. The Spar=owhawk, 4, screw steam express gunvessel, Com=ander Samuel G. Cresswe3l, has left for Spithead, to join -the squadron. The gunboat Boxer, 60-horse power, tender to the Royal Albert, with the Shamrock screw steam gunboat, of equal speed, left Woolwich yesterday for Sheerness equipped and -fitted for service, and will proceed thence to Portsmouth. The Government screw steam transport Hesper, 120-horse power, having undergone six weeks' repair, and being fully meFto7ed for service, was yesterday morning warped out of -the'fitting basin at WoolNich and placed in ordinary to wait orders. The Spanker, Grappler, and Procris gunboats, with the mortar floats lAes 105 and 109, were yesterday morning warped out of the outer basin at TWoolwich and .despatched down the river on trial of machinery and sailing -qualities and to complete the neeessary regulations prepara-tory1o jdiningthe navalrevekw ut Eortsmouth. The gunboat 'Cochin,-2guns and 60-horse pawer,vas yesterdayymorningundocked-at Woolivich, and despatched to Greenhithe for the -adjustment of compasses, &e., prior -to departure for Portsunouth. The San Fiorenzo, a fiO-gan -vessel, having been in process of building for the last sEc years in Woolwich .dockyard, is at length condem-ned to have her timbers converted-to the use of other vessels, in consequence of the slip in Wiih she was intended to be built not allowing sufficient space to adapt her to the screw, brought inito general use since the conmmencement of her construction. The screw steamer Andes wi embark 500 men, 24 officers, -nnd some horses belonging to the -Grlway Militia, at the landing-stage, Liverpool, to-day, -and will proceed with -them to Duolin, where they will disemubark. The Andes 'will innuediztely aft-erwards sail for the Crimea for the purpose of bringing home portions of the LBritish troops. She is expected to bring back about 4300 -men. The Alps and Xhersonese steamships will lear- iAverpool for the Crimea -on Monday, for the purpose of bringing home troops. The Emperor, Kanrgaroo, and Bahiana remainat Liverpool until further orders. The whole of these steamers have been fitted in a manner which cannot fail to promote the comfort ,of the men inthfieir homeward voSagVe. T-he arrangements -were made by Captain Bevis, R.N., the Admiralty agent at liverpool, and-hie assistant, Mr. Benest. During the past 12 months the hospitals in-the East have been supplied -witL several hundreds of the Medical Staff -Corpsfrom the depCt at St. Mary's, Chatham,vwho have acted as hotnital orderlies and stewards, and at a board held yes-terday at;the Genercl Hospital, Fort E'itt, TOnmen belonging -to -the Medical StaffVorps passed as duly-qualified to fill the -offices of stewards and hospital orderlies. Ofitlhis number -40 -were -retained to ie duty at Fort Pitt Hospital, owving to -~which*ar_cngement. the soldiers who hbae hitherto acted as -ward- orderlies are so be discharged. Tis is the commencemnentofn-r1ystem whia. is to be carried-out inall.military Iospital.s The duties which have for so msasy -months -pressed heax y upon tee officers consposing the Chelsea iBoard will -fo' the zfnksre be compazatively easy. At a nmesting-of the Roard hela.at Chatham yesterday S2 Crimean ick -and =ounded invalidis, who were oznsidered unfit for fau-ther.ser-{ice, -were ordered to be dischtgae'd-on pensions Mae folklvingappointeeats were made yosterday. atthe ArlAiralty ;-VarfZn J. :Ha,, to be AssietanttClerktto-thc Aasu^n-ace; John-Chambers 4o be ActingGJeS ;to;the.- pbkn., .3tTT:r The South Mayo Hies-have -eft Dublin fortheoencampment on tie (C=iragh The3d WWest Yorl;, znder !the -command of !ieutenantColonl Lofres, mrived in Bclfast, from Dublin,,on Tuesday evening, to replace the 2d Royal Cheshire. Stsengt]25 .officers, 647 men- Ofi9cers present, Lieutenant-Colonel -_eoftus, Major3f'Adams, Captains W4aite, Kendall, Bower, iChantrell, Marshall, and TQanwarriq-g; Lieutenants Loftu, l.cchfort, Firman, Pinson, Amitt, 'Tufnell, Alosm, and :I'oiell; Ensigns Landen, V illcocks, Spunder, Cadman, and Pickard; Paymaster Nicholson, mQuartermaster Bull, ,SuMion Guy, and Assistant-Surgeon Pery. ne handsome colours given by Lady bolle to the South _nmevonsiltia were presented to that regiment on the Hoe Srtlynaauth on Thursday by the Countess of MTorley, in thepresmce of Major-General Eden, comL-ander of the forle,oneLhe west, tlle Earl of 3Morley, colonel of the regiment, andn numerous assemblage of military officers, &c. The CSountss complihiented the South Devme on the large =gnber of 9oldiers which they had during the present war ceu4hbutGd to the Line, expreassed her "reat grAtification on the prospec;t of peace, and said she felt confident that 'wLenever iteir gountry should again require their aetive asistance they wvol(d conduct themselves so as to secure tie continued aproryal of all the civil and militay authoritip-s. 13e,aant4°1oel Sir John Yarde Buller, Lx tendering Us th=aI,zid that Some Df his comrades joined i*ith him in theold recollections brought back by parting with their former colours, under 'which the South Devon ld in forlaser times effectuallY aZsszagdinm quelling tmnult, both in the noathernl counties and inl _ reland. Thney wrould cheerg rally rouLnd the gift now received, and be prepared on Jc ntz to utpey t tJ h9n9lnr of their Qutn and
IREL.AND. THE SPECIAL COM3MSSION. (FRO? OUPJ OWNV CORRESPO6NDENT.1 DUBLIN, FRIDAY MOPuRnrG. ;5,tice bas at length overtaken one of the assassins lo ofMiss Hlinds. The evidence for the Crown being iitesistible, the jury last night, after a consultation of two hours, brought in a verdict of C#uilty against James MIurphy. 'The wretched man was ordered to be removed and brought up this day to receive sentence. - I AT50OS E ECTION. The struggle now rests between Mr. Ennis and the Hon. Mr. Handeock, MIr. John Reynolds finding that he had not a chance of success. The polling commences to-morrow. The constituency is about 160, of wvhom the Liberals claim a majority of 30; but, if it be true that just 30 Roman Catholics have gone over to the Derbyite camp, the contest must, of necessity, be a neck-and-neck one. TIE RA}ILWAY FORGERIES. Knightley, the clerk in the Great Southern and Western Railway, was fully committed yesterday to take his trial on a charge of having forged transfers of the company's shares to the amount, as far as can be ascertained, of about 2,0001. The magistrates refused to take bail for his appearance at the next commission. TIiE MUEDER OF MRS. ELLY. The .rening Post supplies the following particulars of the enormous property of the late Mrs. Kelly:- "The estate of Ballinderry, where the murder took place, contains nearly 1,500 acres. Mrs. Kelly had been engaged in draining and improving it. There is little exaggeration as to the extent of the property obtained by the decevsed under the will of her husband, :Mr. Edniond Kelly, of Rookwood, which had been the subject of such protracted litigation in the cause of 'Kelly v. Thewles,' in the Prerogative Court and the Court of Delegates. Besides landed estates to the value of between 7,0001. and 8,0001. a-year, Mrs. Kelly obtained nearly 250,0001. in funded property. In a case in which she had been prosecutrix a few years since, she was stated to have paid 30,0001. for investment in share property, which sum eventually she lost. Bnt her chattel property must still have been upwards of 200,00. She had lent 134,0001. to the Midland Great Western Railway Company, for which she held a mortgage on the Royal Canal, the propertof that connpany, for which she has been receiving nearly 7,000l. per annum. Mrs. Kelly, about a year since made a will, which was deposited for safe keeping at the bank of Messrs. Boyle, Low, sad Co., where it now remains." The Freeman coirespondent, writes from Mloate, last night, as follows :- "Mrs. Kelly's property of Ballinderry is situated about one mile from the town of Moate, in the county of Westmeath. She held 200 acres in her possession, and the management of it was intrusted to her nephew, Mr. George Strevens. Mrs. Kelly had been residing in England since last November, and onlv returned to BaUinderry about a fortnight ago, accompaniedby her solicitor, Mr. Campion. It is stated that three or four tenants had recently been served with ejectments on the part of the unfortunate lady, but they were not proceeded with. Mr. Campion had brought down five or six stamped agreements, which the tenants were to sign for an increased rent. This was to have been done in the course of a few days; but it is said the tenants were satisfied with the arrangement. However this may be, the police have taken two of them into custody, and also a labouring man named Owen Waters, who was in the employment of the deceased, and who had been absent from work during a part of the day on which the murder took place. "The inquest was opened on Wednesday. One witness only was examined-a girl, who was working in the field where the assassination occurred, and was actuaUy in conversation with Mrs. Kelly when the murderers approached her. The witness said there were about 12 girls and two men in the field picking stones. MTrs. Kelly came into the field about 4 o'clock, p.m., withMr. Campion and Mr. George Strevens, her nephew. Mr. Campion leftthe field by directions of Mrs. Kellytosettlesomeaccounts, as he was to go to Dublin next day. Mr. Strevens went to where the men were pickdug stones, and Mrs. Kelly came over to witness to ask if er mother had made up the clothes she had given her, as she (witness) was to be sent to a situation in Dublin, procured for her by Mrs. Kelly? Just as they were talking. about five yards from the ditch, two men came into the field through the gate, 150 yards from where they stood. They had women's clothes on and black cloths over their faces with openings, through which she (witness) could see one eye. When Mfrs. Kelly saw them she appeared to be much alarmed and cauwht hold of the witness, who said 'Don't be afraid, Mrs. elly; they are only coming to frighten the children' (meaning the girls, who were -icin stones). Mrs. Kelly then ran over towards the ditc^h, and fell ; the murderers followed, and, while she was lying on the ground, one man stooped, and fired at Mrs. Kelly's head what witness thought was a pistol, and then stepped aside, upon which his companion did the same. Mr. G Strevens, who was about 10 yards off, began to shout. The two assassins then went over towards him. He ran away, and did not stop tiU he arrived at the house, where he informed Mr. Campion that Mrs. Kelly had been shot dead. The two assassins went back through the gate by which they came in, and no one saw them afterwards. ' The inquest was then adjourned until next Tuesday, in order that Dr. Mathews might make apost mortem examination. The jury then proceeded to where the murder took place, -which is fully half a mile from the house, on the toD of a hill, from which there is a view for a miie all round. One of the gentlemen sent for a spade and dug umderneath where the brains of the unfortunate lady lay, and there found a large bullet, about eight inches deep in the ground. " The body of MIrs. Kelly was removed to Dublin by the first up-train this (Thursday) morning, in charge of Mr. Campion, but her nephew (Mr. Strevens) remams here in lodgings, in charge of twvo policemen. '-"I ueed not say that the dreadful event has created the most intense sensation in this neighbourhood." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 92g A -; ditto, for account, May S, 93 93. j; New Three per Cent. Stock, 931 ; Royal Bank- of Ireland, 101. paid, 19.4 ;; City of Dublin Steanx Company (100/. paid), 59; (Grand Canal Company (1001. paid), 371; Mlining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 131 14. Railways.-Dublin and Belfast Junction (451. paid), 44.'.; Dublin and Drogheda (761. paid), 021 * Dublin and AWicklow (lOt, paid), 5 1 41, Great Southern and Western (501. paid), 52; WVaterford and Limerick (601. paid), 22,-.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reference to an article in your paper a few days ago, on the subject of steam commumcation with Australia, I beg to suggest that, as the local Government of Mauritius have offered so handsome a sum as 14,0001. a-year for steamers from Aden, and as the projected comrpany which was to conduct this speculation is, I believe, still unformed, it vould be better to transfer this grant to any Australian company vhich would permit its steamers to coal at Mauritius on their wvay from Aden to A ustralia. I beg to suggest this in the interest not only of Mauritius, but also of the empire, wvhich ought, as far as possible, to encourage the connexion of different British colonies. I am. Sir. your obedient so vant A MATJRITAN REkDETh I London, April11.
ADurLTERATION OF FLOUR AT ROTHERHAm.-At the Pontefract sessions, on Thursday, Mr. Joseph Crossly, miller and flour dealer, Rotherham, appealed against a conviction by the Rotherham magistrates on the 17th of MLarch last, for adulterating flour with gypsum. Mr. Johnston and Mr. Patteson appeared for the appellant, and Mr. Blanshard and Mllr. Maule for the respondents. M1r. Bland superintendent constable of Rotherham, on the Ist of Marchl last, seized a quantity of the appellant's flour as it was being conveyed from the mill in Masbrough to the retail shop in Rotherhanm, and taldng samples of it sent them to Mr. J. WV. Slater, of Sheffield, analytical chymist, for analysis. On the result of Mr. Slater's analysis being reported to Mr. Bland, proceedings were taken, and a conviction was recorded on MWr. Slater's evidence. The general facts of the case having been proved, Mfr. Blanshard, on behalf of the respondents, called Mfr. Slater, who described the tests to which he had subjected the samples of flour sent to him, and wlhich resulted in the discovery, as he believed, of a greater quantity of lime and sulphuric acid than is ever naturally present in whaten fiour, leading to the conviction, on his mind, that the flouir had been adulterated with gypsum. Mr. Slater did not give the exact quantity of gypsum, not havingbeen instructedto ascertain it, but Mr. Calvert, Professor of Chymistry at the Royal Instituition, Manchester, deposed, as the result of an analysis of a sample of the same flour sent to him on the let inst. by Mr. Bland under his official seal, that the flour contained 4 per cent. of gypsum. For the respondent Mr. Johnston called Dr. Odling, Lecturer on Chymistry to Guy's Hospital, London, hc., who stated that of two samples forwarded to hin by 31r. Barton, a fried of the respondent's, on the 2d of April, one was pure wheaten flour, sand the other contained X fraction more than four per cent. .nf gypsum, which, from the imperfect manner in which it was mixed with theflour, must have been added after the flfnrwas ground. Dr. Odling impugned tisennalysis of Mr. SIder, on the ground that ble used sal aressoniac, which warld precipitate phosphate of lime as well as sulphate of line, and was therefore no test of the preence of gynsnum. MEr. Barton stated that he received the two samples delivocd to Dr. Odling from Mr. Bland-the nure one on thze 1lth, and the aclulterated one on t?e 28th of WIarcih, as part and parcel 4f the flour msized on the let of March and found to be adulterated by Mr. Siter. Other chynmists were called to prone that a second sample of the s-ame flour delivered to Mr. Brxlon by Mr. Bland, and forwvarded to them for analysis, ws adulterated with gypsum to tbe same extentrwithin a fracion as mentioned byvMr. Calvert. Thecase for the respondent wras that Mr. SLater's analyvsis wras net a reliable opce, And that after samuples had been supplied to Mr. Barton on the 18th of March the flour had been tampered with by some one to support the convictiorn Mr. Blanshard, in replying upon the respondent's case, contended that Mr. Bland's evidence vas perfectly reliable, and that Mr. Barton, who received fromr 3Mr. Bland two samples on the 18th of Mareh, one of which was confewedly pure flour, had either wilfully, to serve li sfriend Mn Crossly, or by mistake wrongly marked those samples, and delivered the pure one to Dr. Odling for analysis, instead of the adulerated one. This being so, the scientiAc evidence of the appllant was entirelyin support of the .eonviction. The convietion was confirmed. Yotiee of atpeal against a second conviction on the same date, for sesliJg adulterated flour, hbe been given; but the convicti,,n war quashed by consent, after the deeosion in the preiofus case bad beesn given.
TILE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. PORTSM OITH, FRThAY. By the arrival of Her Majesty's steamsloop Hydra, 6, Commander H. G. Morris, we have advices from this colony and station to the 16th of Febraary, on which day the following ships were on ihe station:-The Castor, 36, Commodore H. D. Trotter; the Penelope, 18, Captain Sir W. Wiseman; the Frolic, 16, Comnmander Nolloth; the Grecian, 16, Captain Blane. The Castor and the Frolie were toproceed to Tristan d'Acunha in a few days, in order to convey to the Cape the few inhabitants (some 130) of that desolate spot. The Dart was in Mozambique Channel, and will, it is hoped, bring back the traveller, Dr. Living. stone, who started from St. Paul de Loanda a long time ago with the intention of reaching one of the Portuguese possessions on the east coast of Africa. Her Majesty's ship Nerbudda, 12, Commander Kerr, so long missing, is now quite given up, no traces whatever of her having been found after the most diligent search. The Hydra brings home Mr. Pearne, paymaster of the Frolic, who exchanged with MIr. Saunders, of the Hydra, and also Mr. Pearce, late acting second master of the Frolic, both of these officers having sufnered during the late cruise up the Mozambique in the brig, which lost several men by sickness and still had a number of her crew in the hospital at Simon'b-bay, dysentery being the prevailing disease. - The colony still remains quite quiet, and, owing in a great degree to the energetic measures of the Governor, Sir George Grey, who has lately resided some months on the Caffre frontier, in order to see into matters with his own eyes, and to carry out himself the course devised by him, no Caffre war or disturbance is apprehended.
COUBT OF COMIMON COUNCIL. Yesterday a special court was held, in consequence of a most numerously signed requisition to the Lord Mayor, for the purpose of considering the provisions of the bill lately introduced into the House of Commons by Sir George Grey for the better regulation of the Corporation of London. There was a large attendance of members. Mr. H. W. VALuACE proposed a series of resolutions sustained by the reports of the Commissioners of Inquiry, and justifying, as he contended, the corporation i entire opposition to the bill. He considered the bill they were met to discuss was a bill of pains and penalties, for the purpose of taking from the present corporation, electors and representatives, their rnghts, privileges,- and properties, notwithstanding that their prosecutor, Sir G. Grey, had in his opening speech borne testimony to their high character in ancient and modern times, and avowed that the Royal Commissioners, after a searching investigation, had wvholly ignored the charges of malversation, upon the most ample proof of whiich such a measure of extreme severity could alone be justified. The corporation must feel grateful to Sir George Grey for his commendations; but it would be treated as satire in disguise, unless the corporation could honestly feel that they had emulated their ancestors in past times, by endeavouring to promote to the utmost of their power the liberal measures which had rendered remarkable the present age. It was eNident that the coal duty was the particular property against which the provisions of the bill were mainly directed, and it would be for Parliament to determine whether it was deemed "expedient" foraliberal Government in a liberal age to take by the strong hand of legislative Nower a property which in arbitrary times an arbitrary Monarch had attempted, and attempted in vain, to wrest from the corporation,-a revenue which had been applied at least for many years in effecting great improve ments for the benefit, not of the city alone, but for the population of the entire metropolitan district. (Cheers.) 31r. Deputy PEsrriESR, in seconding the resolutions, said be felt the deepest interest and the utmost concern for th , dignity, the influence, and the importance of the corpora tion, which he thought were most grossly attacked by th - bill. (Hear, hear.) No petitions had been presented by the citizens of London to the3;egislature to induce the Legislature to interfere with the existing state of the corporation. (Hear.) Abuses which existed 30 years ago had ben swept away by the reforms which the Court themselves had carried out, and the corporation was now established upon such a basis that the more minute inquiries were made into itsmnianagement the more excellent the institution would become apparent. (Hear, hear.) Mr. CORNELL said he considered the resolutions proposed to the Court were most unwise and dangerous, and regretted observations had been applied to the Government and to the Commissioners of Inquiry which he thought quite unwarranted. He therefore proposed as an amendment-" That this Court, anxions to promote the settlement of the question of corporation reform, do not feel it expedient to offer any opposition to the second reading of the bill now before the House of Comunonos; but trust that such amendments will be introduced into the bill as may render the measure satisfactory to the corporation and to the public at large." Mr. B.&nsLy seconded the amendment. Alderman SiDNEY said that the Court, after due deliberation, had presented a bill to the Legislature which, although simple in its details, was everything that was required. It proceeded upon the great principle that their municipality should be extended as much as possible, and they then asked the Legislature what he should ask them now, and demand, if necessary, in such a tone of indignation that even Sir George Grey could not mistake it, that, after extending the municipality to every rson interested in its good government, the corporation should be left to manage their own affairs. (Loud cheers.) A show of hands was then taken, when there appeared only two in favour of the amendment, and about 100 against it. The amendment was therefore lost. * Mr. Cox then proposed an amendment, to the effect that the Court should only petition Parliament for the removal of such clauses from the bill as they considered of an objectionable character. Mr. HuDsox seconded the amendment, which, after a great deal niore discussion, was negatived by an ovenvhelming maj'oritv hlr. EI.T t.Valance's original resolutions were then carried amid acclamation, only two hands beingheldup against them. A committee was then formed for the purpose of drawing up a petition for presentation to Parliament in accordance with the terms of the resolutions.
RE ALEXANDER J. LESLIE, A BANKRUPT- TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-With reference to the letter appearing in your journal of yesterday, signed " J. Chapple, ' in which the writer states that " his name has been made use of not in a very flattering manner," I beg to observe that I am not aware that your report of this case conveys, or was intended to convey, any imputation upon me; certainly no such imputation was made by the Commissioner. It is true that the bankrupt attempted partiallv to excusa himself at my expense-with vhat success the total refusal of his certificate will show; and, as the truth of his allegations have been fully investigated on a previous occasion bofore Mr. Commissioner Holroyd, and disproved to that learned Commissioner's satisfaction,* I can well afford t a treat with indifference any renewed attack from such a quarter. Your insertion of this letter will much oblige Your obedient servant. FREDERICK PATEY CHAPPELL. 25, (Golden-square, April 11. * See " The Times" of Febmary 9, 1856.
ENcLOSUREB OE HlAiSTEAn-BEATH.-Yesterday a deputation from the districts of Marylebone, St. Pancras, and Hampstead-heatlh had an interview with Sir B. HaU upon the subject of the Settled Estates Bill, now before Parliament, under the provisions of which it was feared that Hampstead-heath would be closed to the public. Lord R. Grosvenor, who introduced the deputation, said that their object was toprevent SirT. Mf. Wilson from gaining, by the gJeneral act, what Parliament had already refused to grant bim. MIr. Freeth, a member of the deputation, suggested that a compromise might be effected by which Sir Thomas Wilson might be allowed to grant building leases on the manor farm, on condition of his surrendering all rights to the heath on moderate terms. Sir Benjamin Hall repliedthat such a compromise had been attempted, but without success, and that the question was one to be entertained not by the Government, but by the Metropolitan Board of Works. He confessed he was surprised at the summary manner in which they had setthe question aside, but shodldtheyagainconsider ithe would be wiiling, as his predecessors had done inthecase of a park for Finshury, to recommend to Government to make a grant from the Consolidated Fund in aid of a metropolitan rate for the purchase of the heath; but he wished it to be understood that he was not pledging the Government ESCAPE OF A COwxvCx.-A convict forming one of a gang employed in stacking carriages in the carriage department of Woolwich Arsenal has succeeded in effecting his escape thence, and, although some days have elapsed, not the slightest clue has been obtained which may lead to his ultimate discovery. It appears that a quantity of clothes belonging to the artisans and labourers is usually heaped about in var.ous directions, and from these he was enabled to pro'idehimself with an outercoat, cap, &c., and carryinin his hand one of thetin tea bottles, of whicha large number are to be fonnd among the piles of coats and other clothing, he had litle difficulty in mixing, thus disguised, and obtaining a ready e.xit among the persons passing out in thousands at various hours of the day. As this is thefourth instance of the kind which has occurred within the last few months the select committee have held a consultation on the subject, and have concluded that it ;vill be necessary to Ioen a second gateway leading through the Laboratoryyard snd opening into Warren-lane. By this plan a considerably smaller number will pass in and out at a time, and by the addition of a few more policemen it is expected that this in. creasng evil may be remedied. The fugitive is aman unde 30 yearns of age, and was undergoing the punishment of siyears' onvict labour in Woolwich Arsenal. TIE BOOMERANG.-LivaPoOoL, April l1.-Thfollowing Appears on the slate in the underwriters'-rooms " Further prticulars have been received relative to the los; of theBoomerang. It appears that her masts were cut away, but it-was of no use as she was settlingdowsL AAl the cfeWv were taken off by the Helen, except the mate and carpenter, and four men (belonging to the Helen) wer&ownedineodeavouring to save them. The Helen remnained near the place two hours." Bristol Quarter Sessions commenced yesterday. Mr. Edwin James officiated as the deputy of Sir Alexander Cock-burn, the Recorder, and stated to the grand jury that the Attorney-General was prevented from attending, hainng received an intimation [from Lord Palmerston that the Government would require his assistance in the House of Commons. CRYgTvL PataCE.-G SnnraxsG DfYl, Fiday, April 2L-Admissions on payment, 1,753; ditto, by .son i ackets, 335; tol visit0r; 2VW89.
THE BOAR HUNT OF VELASQUEZ. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TTS. Sir,-I had ventured to hope that the letter which I found it necessary to write to the editor of the Athenamun, ard which was immediately published in No. 1,432 of that paper (Aprnl7, 185), would have rendered it unnecessary for me to return to the subject of the evidence given by me wvhen summoned before the Committee on the National Gallery, in June, 1853. In that letter I stated that I adhered to the evidence given by me before the committee. I there mentioned the length of time during which I daily worked on the " Boar Hunt," by Velasquez, now in the Tational Gallery, and dded that there were two persons now alive who knew I was so employed. The speech of Mr. Harcourt Vernon, when the House of Commons was in Committee of Supply with reference to the National Gallery, reported in your paper of the Sth inst., and the letter of that gentleman published in your impression of to day, compel me, most unwillingly, to request the insertion of this communication, which, as it iefers to a matter of public importance, will, I trust, not be considered a trespass on your valuable columns. I disclaim all intention of offence towards Mr. Harcourt Vernon (who may speak accordig to his impression of what passed) or toward any one else in the following deliberate statement:- L I stiUl adhere to the evidence given by me before the committee. 2. 1 solemnly deny that I ever told Mr. Harcourt Vernon that I "did not believe it was a work by Velasquez." 3. I solemnly deny that I said that the only part that was touched by me was the back of a mule, or a part of the back of one mule and the head of another. 4. I solemnly deny that I said that Mr. Vernon's grandfather had placed his pictures in my hands to have them restored. 5. 1 solemnly affirm that at Mr. Thane's request I painted the head of a black man over an effaced part of a picture said to be by Rembrandt. Thisnpicture ("Diogenes LJooking for an Honest Man" was, I think, the subject) MIr. Thane told me w as put into his hands by the Archbishop to be restored. WFith reg,ard to this Mr. Thane may have bzeen in error; so he said, however, and ' Isaid the tale as twas ssid to me." But the main point is the restoration of the Velasquez, and the extent of the damage may be surmised by the fact that for six weeks I painted upon that picture every day, except Suudays; and most deeply do I regret on all accounts that I yielded to the earnest, I may say passionate, entreaties of Mr. Thane, who was overwhelmed by the damage done in consequence of the over-application of heat, which had left the canvass bare in several places. Mr. William Thomas, framemaker, of No. 29, Bernersstreet, Oxford-street, and Mr. William Duffield, the wellknown fruit painter, of 14, Bladud.huildings, Bath, whowv.as my pupil at the time when Mr. Thane employed me, saw me at work upon the " Boar Hunt," and witnessed my progress from time to time. In conclusion, I wish it to be distinctly understood that I lay claim to nothing. I was induced by the distressed state of mind in which Mr. Thane was thrown by the accident to yield to his appeal to me to restore a very fine orisinal picture, extensively injured, as wel as I could, and did my best. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. GEORGE lANTME 8, Osnaburgh-terrace, Regent's-park, April IL
DUTIEs OF CoRoNms.-In Tlhe Times of the 29th nlt. was reported a discussion between the Glocestershire Court of Qnarter Sessions and the coroners of the county. swith reference to the holding by the latter of what the court considered were unnecessary inquests. It will be remenibered that the examination of the coroners' accounts for the quarter was deferred until a special adjourned sessions appointed for the purpose. Accordingly the adjourned sessions has been held at Glocester this week, Mr. Purnell in the choir, when the coroners' accounts were gone through, after which the magistrates retired, and returningintocourt the chairman announced that they had disallowved the coroners' fees in six cases-two inquests held by each of the three coroners, Messrs. Ball, Lovegrove, and Gaisford. Upon this Mr. Ball, as senior eoroner, protested against a single sixpence being deducted from his account, and especially under the circumstances-the Court arriving at their decision in private and in the absence of the coroners. He contended that the whole business should have been transacted in the presence of the coroners and in open court. He did not wish to place himself in a position of defiance to the Court, but he considered the coroners were cramped in their actions by the Court. He asserted his right to use his own discretion as to whether the inquests held by him were necessary or not, and denied the tacit imputation that the coroners held their inquests for the mere purpose of putting money in their pockets. The principal objections made by the Court were to inquests held bv the coroners on persons who had died suddenly, the chaiirman maintaining thatit had been laid down by Lord Denmanthat such inquests were nnnecessary except where such sudden dleath was accompanied by some suspicioius circumstances. Mfr. Lovegrove nowv contravened this law, and maintained that the very fact of sudden death under the circUmstances disclosed on inquiries held by him and his brother coroners was su'dicient to excite suspicion and justify the holding of inquests. The whole of the coroners' fees (1,2001,, or 1,4001. a-year) Mir. Lovegrove said would not amount to a mite in the pound of the county rate. Mr. Gaisford complained of the coroner being required to attend the sessions two days each quarter w,ithout any remuneration, and said the Legislature never contemplated an exau-mination of the details of the Coroners' Bill, as practised by the Glocestershire Court. The fees on the six inquisitions were however disaUowed by the Court. SHOCKING OCCURRENCE.-A most frightftil occurrence took place in Hull on Mondaymorning last. In broad daylight, in the shop of a tradesman in one of the principal thoroughfares, a gentleman shot himself. The unhappy man 'who thus ended his own life is Mtr. W. G. Atkinson, musicseller, of Old George-street, in that town, a person about 30 years of age, well knowfn and highly respected. It seems that on Saturday last he went to the shop of Mr. Needler, gunmaker, in Silver-street, and asked for a pistol to try. Something occurred to prevent his trying it, and he went away. On Mfondaymormng, about half-past 11 o'clock, he went into Mr. Needler's shop, and askingagain for a pistol said he thought he would take it dowvn to the wicket-ground and try it there. A Mr. Carlill was in the shop at the time. Mr. Atkinson requested that the pistol might be loaded, which was accordingly done. Mr. Needler then had occasion to go upstairs on some business, and in his absence the sbocking event occurred. hrr. Carlill was looking into aglasscase on the counter; he heard a report, and raising his head was horror: tricken to see Mr. Atkinson faUing to the ground. He had ,hot himself. The unfortunate young man was laid instantly a bleeding corpse. He fell down across the shop Iloar only about a foot and a-half from Mr. Carlill. and was soon surrounded with a large pool of gore. The bullet went completely through the deceased's head, entering near the right ear, and passed out of an orifice on the left side, forming, to use the language of a witness, a "funnel" through the brain, struck the top of the ceiling of the shop, sand rebounded to the opposite side. The pistol as a laroe ho tse-pistol, and was loaed with axiS-ball. The ba~I, which was about the size of a marble, was subsequently found very much 'dattened. The premises were closed ins. mnedia1 ely aEter the committal of the awful act, hut thou. sauds of pco,Ep paid a vist to the spot during the course of the day. evidence of tbe inquest went to showv that the laiaentable eveajt was the efeet of accident only. The jUIy iniLnediately areed upon the following verdict:-" We ind that the deceued, Wiliam George Atkimson, came by his death by a pistol shot by his own bands, but wlether acQidental or not the jury cannot say,,."-ZU1 Advgrliser,
D.POSIT AND' GENEBAL LIE ASSURANCE --- - COMPANY. [Advertisemnt.1 The annualgreal meeting of the- sharehohlsrs of the Deposit and General Life assrance Companywas heldon Tuesday last at the chief offices 18, New Bridge-street Blrfiars,and wae attendedbY a large nimber of the directors shaLreholders, and policy-holderm including several of the prpitor ad ye Atlyieg of the company at Shef5edBrigirr, acheatpr. ~'lnOldhira. Bath, Weonm-saper- The iRhtHomViscuntbrum3aarig IL?_.Comtroller of the Queen's onhl,the chiairman of the oompany~ preaixed. The Chatrnan. after apolo I ing for being under the necessty of leaving. for ashorttimne, zo be in attendance at Buckingbam Palace, edcetdeday that he was meet wnxious, as were also his bro ther =ielrs, that the shareholders should have every opportunity of forming a correctjudgmnent on the condition and prospects of the compay for w,hichpurpos-e everymaterilulfact with which they andtheaudutors were acquainted should be laid before them. He wahimacf onfident, that if their affairs were well looked into, and =fairl discussed, every shareholder would leave the meeting fully impfese with the general excellence of the proglpdcts they had before them,t and their possession of an extensive and effective machinery for carrying on operations with advantage. The hiearty co-oper-ation of thegeneral body of the shareholders was alone needed to develope the resulta which the directors hadevey raso toantcIpte rtr th mesurs tey adtaken, aLnd The obl Lod hee lft he rom.waralyapladedby the meetlisp, and wassurceeded inwthe cshair, bye "Te directors, in laying before the shareholders an unreserved starement of the present condition of the affairs of the Deposi and General Iafe- Asgumance Company, have tbe satisfaction of reporting an accession of niew business dutring the last year . eqUal to thaLt Of Many companies of longer standinW ane larger proprietary, xotwithstanoing the adverse iniluenre occasioned by the large ex-penditure of the late war, and the generally reducedamount of transactions in life assurance on t~he part of the paiblic. "During the 12 months ending the Slat of December last, there were submitted to the directors 527 proposals, covering assurances to tLeamountof £95,48. Of these proposas,358, assuring £89,615,were imepted at ordhinay rates: andl 7, involving ussurances to the amount of £15,925, at increased rates; makclngtogether 435 proposals accepted, assuring £75,610. Under the advice of thermedicalboard, 25proposals, to the extent £9,250. were declined, and the -emainderhave been withdrawn or await completion. The number4ofnew policies actuallyissued amounted to. 3, ssuring£51922,the premiumson whichproduce an annual incomneof £1,898IS, 6d. There were in forceon the 3lst of Deceomber, 1855.M51policies, sassring £172,772, and yieldin)ganannual incomie of £8,262 is. "Tihe repiort and accounts of the auditors wil be read, and stn ample o?pportunity of discussing t-he present position and future prsets of the company witthereby be afforded to the proprietors The directors are happy to state that the expendituire of the company, although it could not be reduced so rapidly as they wished, is now Drought to the lowest amounLt compatible with efficient mnisagemnent. and that the current expense of the present year will not, it is believed, extendanuch beyond half that of the patyear. In the meantime, the directors have themselvem either by adevances or pre-payment of their share capital, supplied a large portion of the funds, which othersisEe the proprietors genc~m wouldlhave had to provide. -0with the directors it has been an all-important object, in,the nintervl sBince the last annual general mneeting, to plare the affairs of the company on a thoroughly sound basis, hu order that no obstacle should henceforward remaLin to a prosperous business, they must inmpress uponi the proprietors and members that it is from their steady eu pport and co-operation they look for complete success. They only ask to be sustained in their efforts to take advantage of op pomtie which aze now fairly in thaeir hands, and that no effort maybe omnitte'd to promote their muitual interests in the undertaing. "Experience having furnished sufficient data to fix the premiums fracc-idental and raiway passengeres'aswuances, the directors intend adding that lucrative class of assurance, as, well as marine passengers' risks to the otherbusiness of the Company.' -rom the statement of rcits and expenditure signed by three of the directors, it appeamred'tha in the course of the year. ending DecemoDer last, the income of the company had been £2255, including £8,825 Ms 9d. for ordinary and deposit premiums, and £10,68 l3s. &dL instalments on share in. the capital stock of the comPany. Outstanding accounts, claims, and advances had be-en cleared off to the extent of £10,787 18s. 3d, The chief office expenses were set down at -£1,757 lBs 2d.L; the branch office and agency expenses at M,551, and the divideends to shareholder £808 6s. 4d. A sum of £750 lie. appeared under the head of general charges for directors' fees from the le. of.Apul I854 to the 31st of Dmeemtrcr. IiS5, butthls amount was reinvested with the company. The general balance-sheet contained the following itemis:-Proprietors? capital, £24,889 Is. Id.' amount sabsaibed, £9112,310; amount paid up, £23,009 ls. Id. ; amunioM in reserve, £89240 18s. 84.; loans, £20,871 is. 4d, ; deposiat premonums, £1,240 lis. 10d.; claims, £2,025; outstanding accounts. £242410i, 84. The prelimmaery~axpenses and extension of agencies were estimated at £18,000; calls on shares ini conises ofpment. £1,800; investments, £7,1221 Is. lid,; agents balances andu at bankers, £2,154 9s.3d, The auditors' report and financtal statementwere nextread by the Eecretary in extenso. After full discussion of the manner in which those accounts; were drawn up and presented to, the shareholders, and after hearinig the aLuditors, the proprietors unanimously resolved that the board of directors, in refusing to sanction such report and statemient of accounts, had awtopted the course best calculated to promote the interests of the shareholders and mnembers generally. The Chairman woved that the directors' report and statement of accounts be received and adopted, He could assure the mneeting that in makingtheir report the directors had been meet anxious not to conceal from the proprietary anything, and having themselves a large interest in the capital of the company, they were as desirous as themselves thAt their operations should prGeeed uponai fair andI substauttal basis. They believed thatithe report-which *a uxt beent read fairly represented to them the real condition and prospects of the company, abundantly proved that their latent energies, had vigorously and successfully stiniven, against difficulties, and that under more propitious circumstances their operationls wous have been productive of beneficial results rarely exhibited by competmn-'tablishments. During the comparativeLysaborttimetheir companylsd been in exinstence they hadincurr-ed all the necess'ary pe liiay expenses for providing that extensive mahiner hc a alreaslyexhibltedthemostencomragingstgns of ein a.bleto btain for them an assurance business of the very first order in poilnt of magaltude and character, Thatimachinery was now, he was happyoa in good working order, as some of their friends then present frmom the country would no doubt testify, and there was everything to encourage them so persevere in working it,oa to pursue to itsalegitimate con.- sequence thle great principle upsohnwich their company was founded, In this endeavour it was almost superfluous for him to remind them thatthey must unite with their directors, and second them heartiYlyui their well-directed exertions to developse their resurces and e xtend in new directions the same endeavours which had already accompilished so much, The proprietaryneed not be reminded of the importance of distributing the new shaves of the company among their friends and counexious. The time was now drawing near at which the periodliCal revision of their affairs by an actuary would talze Place, in 3ursuance of their deed of settlement, and with the view to the declartion of a bonus, When that moment arzried the precise position of the undertaking w-ould be definitively ascertained, and he confidenitly anticipated from it the meet gratifyng and encouragilng result. Mr. Cull seconded thermotion. Both asa policy-holder and ashareholder he had the most perfect confidence in the directors and hev-was sure the whole body of the shareholder participated wit-h blum in that feeling. It was as much the interest as the duty of bothithe shareholders and policy-holders to use all their efforts to support and extend the opertions of the comnpany, for if during a period of severe trial, now happily past, they had been sucre--ful in gathering suclh a sond nucleus of busixess as they now possessed, they had a right to expect, now that more prosperous days were opening before themi. and with the admirable machinery which, through the slilful and judicuious exertions of their maniagement and ofricers, they ha-d establishedthat if they only united all their efforts, they would speedily raise the D)eposit Company to the forsmostplaee. Every company now in existenco, includsugthe eldest and highest, had had to struggle with difficultiesin mteasly career. and he could point to many now paylaglargedividends whichx for yeara after their commencement had had far less business thanuthe Deposit could now paont to with ratiefaction. Whnat they oughttodo was for everyBshareholder tolen2dbhisaid in augmenting the capital of the company. bothbhyiacreasing his own amount of shares, and by inducing others to, join themn, in order to enable the cam p any to extend the field of its opemtious in every direction. Their affairs were on a sound basis: their agencies were spread throuighout the country wherever it was desirable that the company shouldD re- = tdaudwere counsantly bringing in a large amount of profitable minces. h d the shareholders wrould carefully rounsder what heourged oupon em, and that they would adopt the course he Mr. Ai-slie, Mr. Tob. Mr. Baker. and 1,fr. H. B. Sheridan supported the motioa, and declared complete satisaction with the principles upon which the direetc5ra had proceeded in preparing their able, lucid, and cmplete financia statement. [Lr llalni here returned, and was received with renewed aplue is LOrdhp took- a seat at the board, but did not again occupy the chair.] bIr. Craclnrall thought the afluaim of the company were in a very good condition. It was true that they had had some difficulties to encounter at first, by beglinnrng on a large scale, but that was a thing done every day in that country by commneretal men who desired to eatablishthemselves. A mank whio wanted to imakec a business, necssarily had to go to a great estpouse at first, and straitened hlimseif for a year or two, but by the time he had established himself in his position, his returns came in. he had formed a connexion, and he secured a business which produced him a profitable income. Well, that was the position of the Deposit Company; they had now got their business, and their returns were profitable. He thought he was right, then, in saying that they were in a satistactory position, andl all they newwanted uwa to go on extending their counexion and inicreasing their transactions, Sir. Matthews (of the fiun of Hill andI !atthewel,) as the representative of a holder of 10 shares, thought the shareholders were deeply indebted to the noble, disinterested, and kind exertions of the gentlemen forming the board of direction. He 1(Mr. Mlatthews) knew the struggles, difficulties, andtoilatheyhadihad to go tlrrough. and he could sincrely tell the m2eeting that if it had not been for the course whichi their directors had pursued they-would not have had the report which had that day boon laid before them. (Hear, hear.) That report had given him increased confidence in the company, andI he had no doubt it -wouldbhave the- earseffect uon everyoneelse. (Hear.) He felt quite confident that if a valuation of their business were made, it wouild be found that they occupied as good a position as any society in London. (Hlear.) Ite lid not consider old com"ameswere assafe as youngones, it might surprise them to hear suchi an opinion, buthe thought that many of the claims in longetablished societies were so old, and they had a5ttempilted to make ench lage profits, and pad so muchi in reduct-ion of premiumis or the augmentation of bonuses, that when tliose old claims fell in, great as were their means, they -would be ztaterly unaule to meet them. (Hear. hear.) Mr. W. GP. Grady addrwrseet the meeting at some length, saying that he accepted the clearaid able report which the airectorshad laid before themn, as truly exhibiting their present condition and future prospects, ad, for one, he begged to thank- them for the care and troiuble they, hebestoweduponit. (Cheers,) The motion for the adaption of the directors' report and state-ment of accounts wvas un&nimously agreed to. It was then proposed andagreed to, that the retirng directors should be re-elected, and that the eleelion, by the directors of Dr. Bartlett, L-adbrooke Lodge,Zi4etting-hili,to filla vacancy which had ocniredin the board since the preovious generml meeting, shouild be confirmed, The following gentlemen -were elected auditors :-Mr, Charles Cooke, Whitehall-place ;Mr. John Goofifellow. Bark-place, Bayswater ;and Mr. James Francis Quartley, Cannon-street, city. Mr. Badcock, of Siheffield, then moved, and 1Mr. Baker, of WeztonSuper-Mare. seconded a resolution, " That, in the opinion of this meeting, the directors wil be justified in declaring the usual dividend of 5 per ceut." The Chairmian put the reolution, which vwa agreed to, unanimously.V Mr. Caul moved the bestthanks of the haeodrto the directors for their attention to the interests of the company, and for their persevering efforts to sustain the character and Promote the general inter-ests ofthe proprietary and members,(Cheers) Mr. Badrock seconded the motion, observing that he entertained A high opimion of the conduct of the directors The motion naving been unanimously agreed to with applause, Lord Dramlanrig returned thanks, observing that ho had done so little duty that day to desere such a compliment, he felt almost ashamed to present himself to accept it. He wras most happy to find, uipon his return from an unavoidable engagement, that the proceedings had rovd sosatsfacoryto te metin;b t o that faceethead not entrtanedanydout. henhe newhatallthe cireiimstances of the compnywuldb pased n rviewbefre tem.(Hlear, hear.) He woul ony sa futher tht heretrnedthehi sincere thanks for thecomlimnt hic thy hd ben leaedto confer upon himself audhscoleagfenon te bard;tha he ad,from the stint, talcen a grea ineret i thecomany an shold ontnueto do so; and that, if te sareoldrs nd he drecorsconinud t dotheir boot for it. he had every confidence in their future prosperity. (Cheers) Hf e coud not too much insist upon the importance of the co-operation of parties out of doors; for, however able and energetic might be their secretary, sadhowvever dilgent their board, they could do little indeedif their bands were noi strengthened by the shareholders (Hfear, hear.) He now. begged tomove- "Thatsthe thanks of this meeting be given to the local superintendents and agents, and that Mes6srs. Crompton and Ingham are especially entitled to the hi'ghest cemmendation for their servies6 in eneriag for the comupany that position whEich it holds in the district of LKancashire." It was impossible for him to speak too highly of the services of those gentlemen. Mr. G. Knox seconded the motion, -rhich was unanimously agreed 3rr. Cromptn, the Manchester district agent, said, he could not but feel highly complimented at the vote wvhich ha just been passd and, as a policy-holder in the company, he had been highly pleased writh the course of their proceedings that day, He washinreel3£fullyconfident thatthe company occupied an excellent position, and had relmained firmly in connexion with it during the past three yenrs, It would be a source of unnlloyedpleasurs to him, noon his return to the country, to communicate in the district in wvhich fie ocred, as the gratifying result of that day's meeting, the fact that their hopes werelhigh and bright, andtheirprospectscheering, As regardedl hisown district. he couldd ray wi th certainty, that there waxs no company reprebsented at M1anchcster wimOth belt6 pro-rcts of tsurecessethtantheirEs. (Cheers.) During newv field, with a comparatively newi company, proposals £oras surances, amounting together to upwards of £t40,0l00, had been given; to him in hfanchester alone, and been forwvarded. (Hlear, hear.) A^stherfe ws aremUarhk inthe ereport, signOed eby their wolrthy secre domin their utmost to extend the operations of the co4mpany,, he felt confident that were the hint responded to, even in a partial degree, it wvold render their company, in course of time, second to none in London, For the accom,pshament of that great oirject, he could only say that uiothing should be wianting on his part, amd2,impartredemnptionof that promise, he begged tohand in two proposals for£8,000 (Cheers4 Hre wvouldalso say, chat they hadestablished at Machestcr a Council of Reference, which already included the names of 40 of the most influential and respectable manufacturers, millowasnr.. and wareirousemen of the town end nei,ghbonrhood. (Cheers.) There was therefore, every reason to antiesgiate tirebest results ; and he beg8ed leve, while assrig them that no eXertion of his should be wanting to obtain theml, to thank them for the high compliment they had passed upon him, o a. dgham, of m tihnm, aso returned thank. tela the motion of ltbr. E. Clench, secnded by 3fr. Cha-tieri, a vote sof thakr was aesma unr.thu rorth, sirgbman fiorth y ryarble andimpartialrmannerinbhichhe badconductedthe bajiDe Th. & ..Min. m returning tbak, obutyed that he had be. amply eompented for his trouble by theveryle zbcte .n.*_ tion of the dayas prooeedings. Mr. Job said. he could not allow the neeftng to breatk up without; giving ame teZtimony of t to at a goma towbho exerions the company sW greatly indebted-he en t their aecretay. Mr. Doyle. He haditways foumdthbt gentleman at ll ever anious for tbe; welfare 9f the institution, and contntly aopt every economy by wbichtheirexpensoouldberm-de as5 smL poble lecoul only tlat if they, would all wQrk with him in the ame spirit tLt, meat favourble results would sPdilybeperceputil?. (Cheerol Mr. Crompt6o inseo0ndingthe theoDutiosokein kgliterma of the facities Which X. Doyle afforded to the aent. for Supplo thmselveswithithemostreliable Infomtn m cooneriol the busi. new of the cnmpny. He believtd that lfthe- bWdhad sucha m from the origin of the compny it Would have been even igher poeitionthanitwasnow (lear, heisr) The Chairman ssidtt on behalf of himself and his brother dirtori, be was most happy to bear tesetliwy to the ability, zal, ani energy which Mr. Doyle had always di5played to arvet tiinterest or the company. The vote wa thenjput anD carrie unanimously MSr. 3. H Doyle, in aeinoledging the vote, hdthmeiiieeetin. for their lrnd reonties of his avirea. He asproedto say that Si. had beemoet *ll ssaisM nedin hi exertions b)thepecaeimb Of the dIrectors. *nd if the dsareholders and policy-noidess wrouldasb contribute their aid, he wa convinoed the company would soon be placeinthemostdlouahnn condition, and far beyod thereachor any insidious atiackthat mght be levelled aginst it by men who, actinginthe Interest of the old and middle-aced companies, ought tib promte hei ownnteestand to curry favour with thelongeat estabhishedof thoseopDes by mnisrepresenting the condition of more; modem provident institultions. LInthe namDe of the young aaune associations of E ngland, he heariy thanked the large and influentia body of gentiemen then presfent for the manly and vigoron3sata-.3 had ta ken; and he beleved the reault of their roeing wvould exerele a wholesomne cheCckon the unustystUemof rivalry wichtheyhe-t that day seen attempted to be inaugurated. (Cheers,) Votes of thanks were then pass5ed to the aecountant and mnedica The m3eeting was then made special, for the purpose of conhidern certa:in resolutions, which vwere passed, authorizing the directors to. receive pyment o all shares, in Iull, or su:ch part or the same (noftcalled up) as might be agreed uponwith any ahrebolder; confiemjng all snchprepayments alreadYmaade; andentitiing allcapital, so paidim, advance, to the same dividends asother pid-up capitaL Th proceeding w1hich vere altogether of a ntiactcey ehaer. then te.minYtea.
LIVERPOOL COT ON-MABKET. T.TM'PT.T. .-- - les.-Tbis week. 69,90; toa this year, 869,520; same period lt 1BM, 852.390. ImpDrtd.-Tbls week, 18.232; tDtdhl yeey , 14j.83; same perisd In 1855, 797,701; totalimportedinlSl5, 2,143,3DL Exported.-This year, 51,707; zame periodin85 I32.665 Computed StocGa.-Tlus day.,920; same period in lS55,.6A8930. Taken for CoDnsumption.-Tis year, 637,000; same period in 185X 647,50D. a Taken on culatiouthbi year . 156,300 Same in ., . ................ .. .. .153,700 Stock im liverpooD, Deoember 31, 1855 . 428,810 Same in 185i .- .. .. 551,4 Increase of import tibs year. oompard with the ame date last year 17,1G9 ncrease ofert .. 19,02 Decrease of stock 114.010 Decrease of quantitytaken for cosmnption . 10,3W0 Increased onfidence hasbeen miested in cotton this week, ar.nI ratherlarge purchasesbave been made, not only by the tradebut also' byspeculators andforexport A proportionof thelatearrivals,however, has been freely offered throughout the week- as soon as lnded, andthough somne irregularity hasprevailed. and a hardening tendency has -een visible, particularly after the large business of yesterday, yet not much change in the prices of American cotton can be noted. In Sea Islands a good business bas been done at full prices. In the early part of the week the demand. for E4yptians was not above an average, but yesterday larger purchases were made. though prices aLre hardly altered for the week. Considerable trasactionseluavctaken place in Zrazils, mainly by one Epinner, and Bahias are absot Gd. higher than last wevek; ahso tha common kinds of Pernam; other Brasz are not clanged. Some late arrivals ofiSurats have been fairly offered at easy rates, and haTebeexa freelybought. Prices now are much as last wveel; 15,120 American, 1.200Egyptian. l.00'emarna, 1L80o Bahia, and 2,200 Surat are reandL64Srrat fohr enxpornt. 2Yod ay weC have a good general dembands The market is wlle supplied, and scarcely shows the animation ot yesterday, but is steady at our qnotat ions. The esien are 12,000 boles, one-third speculation and export.
SHIP NEWS. T.IVlERPOOl,. AP--. in Arrived.-The Isis, from Savanilla-the Polar Star, from New Orleans-the Old England, from Savannah-the Johann from Alexandria-the steamner Mletropolitan, from London-the Elizabeth AnBrlght,-from St. John's, New Brunswick, Sailed.-The Tigris, for Calcntta-the Volante, for Civita Veochsa. Wind, S.W. ARL1 Arived.-The Evangeline, from Calcntta-the El Dorado, frons Bombay-the Loyal, from Demerara-the Unieorn, the Horizon, andt the RoderickMhu, from New Orleans-the Devon. from Apalachicola -the Toscarora, from Philadelphia-the A. Z., from NewYork-theo Anie, from Maranham-the Harvest Home, from Alexandria-thu Ironsides and the Gollab, from New Orleans-the Lady Blaney an& the Elizabeth Bulkeley, from Savaah-there pve efromCharmeston-the Alice Jane. from Jamaica-the Sb eoneshal-from Htte-tha Jeanettc Welane, froml Ostend-the steamer Gannet, from Rotterdam-the HnAtress, from NewhfoEndland-the Hemny Moore, from, Bombay-the J. P. Mlorse, from New Orleans. Off.-The Arneries. the City of Toronto, and the Sea Snake, 8ailed.-The Stlrlineshire, for 31estigouche-the Tchemnaya forQtuebec-the Constellation and the Webster, for New York-tho' N9apoleon IIL, for Aden-the Dohra Maria, for Trieste. A?ewswuazApril 10.-The Englis'h shipl Colonist, for the East, wa3. driven ashore at Bon dozing a gale. ALic.0-N-, April 2.-The bark British Queem from Malta for Iies, parted her anchors in the roadstead at Torreviejs doring a. heavygale at F. on the 31st of March, drove on the rocks, und became a ierecku AIxSUNDr. April 10.-The smnack 'llliam, of Portsmouth, pastel her chat oofSelsey Bib.lonthe 7th ins, audwvent onshore;cargo. discharged,~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~; aro Besraun', April 6.-The Graaf von Brandenburg, of and for Dantle, from H artlep30ol. got on the Island of Anhait on the 3d inst., but. was assisted off after throwing part of her cargo overboard, and pro- Bmsnryo, }farch29.-The Barbara, during a gale at N.E. yesterday, struckthe ice in making the channel, started a plank, filed, and was. put on shore near Trosvig. CAM'E TowN-, Feb. 22.-The brig Equator, frnm Colombo for London. struck on Northumberland Reef, near Cape Agulhas, on the 7th cfE February. an, wa abandoned the next mornming, nearly full of water. andisatotal reck; crewsavingthecargo. PAnis. Aprill1.-The Edward Jones. fromLondonforHarrenda. Rouen, was stranded under the North Battery at Havre on the OiU2 inst, but was towed of by a steamer, without apparent damage. GRAVESEND. Arnrm IL BuB S AxRL-s AwD B =rres TzEoaRAPiL) (From Lloyd's.) 9.30. am.-Wind, W.; tide, S hours' ebb; cloudy. Arrivedt-The Countess of Lonsdale steamer, from Hamburg-tho, Quely Shiel, from Tercetra-tha Lion, from Gravehnes-the Lotus, from Trinidad-the Australia, from Calsao-the Joven Augustine, from Trinidad de Caba-the Stormeloud, from Calcutbta Sailed,-The Panther steamer, for Boulogne-the City of Rotterdanm steamer, for Dunldrk-the Paris 'and London steamer, for Paris-tho, Thomas Begbie, for Charlotte-town-the Cedar, for Copenhagen-thu Euroclydon. for Bombay. I p.m.-Wind, W.; tide, lst hor'sflood; fine. Axrived.-Tho Hanover steamer, from Have. Sailed.-The Fleche steamer, for Ghent--the Walter, for RioJaneiro. 3 p.m.-Wmnd, W.- tide, 3 hour' flood; cloudy. Arrived.-The Candidate, from Barbadoes-the UTnion, from Guernsey-the Emma Eugenia, from Jamaica-the Jacob Badger, from Calcutta-the Juanita, from Trieste. 7.30 p,in-Wind, W.; tide, 2 hous' ebb; light, with rain, Arrived.-The Andante, from St. Michael's-the Bromleys. from Alexandria-the Themis, from Sevile-the Pacifie, from Laguna-thoMfasie, fromePort-au-Prsiec-the Surrey, from Coringh-the Loodiana from Shanghai-the Derwent, from Port phillip-the Hamilton, froma. Calo-the Elizabeth Walthew, from Alexandria. Sailed.-The Jamaica, for Jamaica-the TaWore, for Rangoon-thePigot steamer, for Hamburg. DEAL. APsRM 11. (Br SUMAlUN- ssn B =R33si TZnoR9u ) (From Lloyd'%, 9 a.m.-Wmd,W.S.l.; fresh, Passed.-The Nymph, from Mauritius, the Hamilton, from Cauao, the Lady Fhrnlmin, from Rio Janeiro, the Tyro and the Nuncham (supposed an Anerican ship), from the westward, the Gipsy Qoeeun from StL Michael's, the Derwent, from Port Phillip, the Wallace, from. Callao, the Herald of the lorning, froni Mauritius, and the Waverl ey from Sierra Leone; all for London-Her Mfajesty's ships BEirotas and. Sparrowhawk, from Sheerness for Portsmouth-HIer Mfajesty's ship Vesuvius, from Portsmouth for the river-the Ellen and Francis, fronx hNew York for Elsinore. Ancl,ored.-The Agatha, from Lonndon for Salcomb. Saled.-The Lubmia and the Elphinstone, for London, No,tL-Wind, W.S.W.; fresh. Passed.-TheThesis. from Shanghai, and the Village Girl, froat Montevideo, for London. .Anchored.-The Ellen, from London for Trinidad-the Shelhurne, from London for Jamaira-the Granite City, from London forSydney. 2 p.m.-Wmd, W.S.W.; fresh. Passcel-The Celandine, from Alexandriafor London. Anchored-The John Gray and the Robert, from London for Cardiff-the Laura, from London for Berbice-the Skoomand, from London for Quebec-the Chatham, from London for Liverpool-the Bienvenue, from Leith for Melbourne. Sailed,-The Ida steamer, for ConstantinoPle-two gunboats, for Portsmouth. P,assed at the back of the Goodwin Sands.-The Areher, 'rom London for New York-the Romance of the Seas from London for Boston. 7.30p.m.-'Wind, S.W.; moderate. Arrived and Passed.-The Alerte, from talaga for Copenhagenthe Conferantsraad Treehow. from Trapani for Norway-the RaPida, from Messina for StoclhoLn-the Paris and London steamer, fronm London, for Paris-the Gipsy Quoen, from London for Alicante-thoJessie, from Bolze, the Excelsior, from Antigua, the Deneee, from Porto Rico; all forLondon. Arrived and Anchored.-The Skimmer of the Seas, from London for Algoa-bay-the Pearl, from London for Quebee-the Thames City, fromn Sunderland for Bombay-the New Express, from the north for the westward, VBSaxr SPOKXw Wrnrr A ship showing distingushing pendant No. 2.3S75 O(aria Lohmann), for Colombo, out 100 dals, Dec. 29, in lat. 9 S.. long. 61 E. An English brig, distinguishlng pendant No. 6,918 (Fcarless), frora lSt. John's. Newfoundland, for sernambueo, March 3, in lat. 14 N., leng. 35WY. Thle Redsan (English ship), steering S.W.. Aprill, in lat. 46 N.. Thlbe MUon treal, bound West, April 2, in lat. 47 N., long. 30 lW. TheProtomehia, from Nantes for the Mauritins, March 3, in lat. 2 S., Yeor, from Pernambuco for Genoa, Miarch 19, in lat. 21 The p~ce Arthur, from London for Mobile, March 24, in lat. 2? The Helen, of Liverool, homeward bound, March 31, in lat. 42 W. long. 3411W. he Pera (steamer), standing S.W., April 6, in Lat. 44 N long 9 W The No. 1 steamer, standing to tne southward. pril 6, near the Burlings. The Plehades UAmerican ship), Jan. 1, in lat. 17S., Ion" 15E. The Symmetry (bark), March 8, in lat. 5N., long. 24 The Jane Clarke, mme time. The Chieftain (bark), March 14, in lat 17 N long. 36 W. Th:e.inerva (bark), March 16, in lat. iSX.Cong. 37 W. The Great Britain, of London, April 3, in lat. 49 N., long. 15 W. The Caroline. March 16, in Iat. SN ., long, 25 W. The Earl of Lonsdase (bark), 3Mfarg 24, in fLt. long, 3 W. TheL6ismnoyae,from Calcutta for London,M3arch 28, in Lat. 28 N., Tshe Formosa, from Baznjoc wvangie, Feb. 26, in Lst. 31S.. long. 11 E. lThe CecroPs. from Batavia, the same day. The Golden 1Er, from Bombay forL1iverpool, Mlarch I.S -The Prince of wae from Newport for Jamaica, MIarch 11, imnlat,. 19 N., long. 11 W.a MIGH W E RAT LONDON-BRIDGE. This day. To-morrow. Morning ' .. 46 a, ater 6 lMorning .. Z2 mm. alter 7 Afternoon .. 17 iL after 7 IAfternoon .. 41 ,l, alter 8 (Advertisement.1-. c Homceopathie Domestic Physician," byvDrsPulte and Epps.The partonAccidentsbyMr. (G.-N.Ep gen, New"dtiocn,8vo,6l6pges,'76d. Adaptedtofamiaes,travellers, and cirigant. Acheatofliedieinestoa.ccompanythls coplonawvork, 70s, "DLomostieH}omceopathjw' by John Eppa, M.D, 5th edition, 3s 6d. A case of moedicines, 43s.' "Handbook: of HIomeo0pathaC Practice," by Walter Kelly, 1LB., 134 Qe,.2s A case of medicines, "2s Z'omesopathistPacket Compaon",60 >aesz Is. A caseof medicines. Ba i6s.,r 24s.Cariasg free on recelipt OI post-office order. James Epps 10 icdly,112, Great Ruaseil-atect, Bloornabuy and 82, 0ld
SAES BY AUCTION. Somers-town.-To Builders, Pianoforte and Cabinet Makers, and others. LEREW will SELL by AUCTION, on the _ Premises, 42, Union-street. Somers-town, on Thursday. April 17, at 11 for 12. about 2.000 YELLOW, White, and Pine PLANKS. deals and patt~eus, 10,000 feet wide pine boards, 100 squares of yeUlow apindhite flooring, m2hogany. 100 staves. 5,000 feet scantlng. dry c.utstuff, doors. iromnosgery. scaif old poles. hoards,rand cords. ladders. add mnuch ot-her uceful stuff. lilay hc vieved the day prior. and catalogues had on the premises, and of the auctioneer, Cardington_treet, Hamnpstead-a-nad, No. 5, Russell-square.-Well-m4e Furniture, nCwo Pianofortes, Linen, and Effects. iFR . AW. H. HEWITT (having distosed of the res- iYLdence wvill SELL by AUCTION., on the Premises. on MIonday, April 14, at 12, the excellent FUILNITURE; comprising mahogazy four-post and French bedsteads, goosebeds,andthe usualchamber a~?pndages, drawinag and dining room suites in manahogmny and ruse wood, noble chimney and pier glaqsses. two cut-glass chaudeliers, console tables. docks. 1c., capital oak winged book;case, excellent linen. china, glass, andlkitchen requisites. Mfaybe viewed on SiaturdaYpreczeding the sale, aud catalogues had on the premises; of Mlessrs. Syones, Teesfials, and Sandilands. 33, Fenchurch-street; and at the nsutiSoneer's offlic es. 11, Hart-street, Bloomasbury-square, NRo. 15, Albion-street, Hs-de-park-sqnare.-Excellent modemn Furniture Pianoforte, Bed and Table Linen, about 1SD ounces of Plate, Plated Articles, and Effects. M R. GEO. DEEKS Will SELL by AICTION, on t the above Premises, n Tuesday. April1. at 12 for 1, the excellent HOUtSEHOLD FU ITURh , comprising a dra wing room suite ofrosenood covered in Ut,eeNove3vet, bunrstome tableS. cheffonier, what-nets &c*, engravis, , and ornaments, set of dining room chairs. ining tableS. sideboard, couch, easy chairs t e , chimney-glasses, earts curt.ins, Arabia and other bedste.ads capital bedding, chests of oatersW ma rble-topiaud ther washtands and tables. chevai and toilet glasses, and every other requisite for the bed chambers, and other effects. On view the day prior and morning of sale. Catsq alues on the premises: and at the auction and estate offcan. 26. Atbion-sctriet. oimlico.-aseholdst Furnture. 5O Paintings. Drawings, about 600 vole, of Books. Squar.ePiaoforte, byBroudwtood ad Effects, 1IuFR. GEO. HAINES b illASELLbyAUCTIOti,nby iYJil direction of the Executors of Mrs. E;lizabeth Long. deceased onn the Premises, 103, Ebuy-street, on Tnesday and WLedneday, April 22 and 23ate12 feach day, thely alnble GROUND LEASE of the la.e Residence of the deceased, o. 103. Ebury strcet, BePgravio . held for i7 years, nt only £4 per aDnnum, and Banes Premises, 25, Elizabethu street south, let at ;I;0 a year. Also the excellent Household Furniture. ls, china, leass, and effects May bo viewed Mlonday previons to the sale, Particulars and etalogues of Messrsw Simpson and Djmond, solictors, 10, Henrictta-street, cavendish-equarL; of Mfessrs LHandes auctioneers. oorgatel treet, yell; and at the auctioneer's offices, grosvenor-ttreet west, Eaton-squ;ae, and 12, High-street, Kenslngton. County of Pembroke.-Valuable Freehold Fams. l R T. WdATKINS is imstructed by the 1!Mei3srs. _Pemboron to SELL by AUCTIOL, attb e White LioN Hotel, in the twn IofiTenby. onFTuesday, the15thdayof April, at 1 o'lock4in the afternoon for 2 preelsely, all those TWO desirable FARMIS, called Redberth Court and NeR NaP, situ,ate about ive miles from the fashionble tov,n of Tenby, oa the road rom Pembroke to Tenby and Oarmartbsen, no in the ocoupation everally o£ Mhr. David Jonaes and Mr. Frandcs Jamdes, and cotain SngE respectively, by ertimgtion, lila, 3r. 14p. and 9a. st . 14po of rauble meadori and prmstare fondith rightshof ommon ther-unto belondiit, and wls-ive suitable home- teadsandfanabuldings attatheda , asnofther informatin osy be uin of Messrs. Iesman and Co., polictors, 51, inuolnrs-inu-fields, London * essrs. Howeli and Son, Iaucineey or of the anctioneer, at Cadid - Cingselere and Eecuhns teellh Hants.-Large faeli of mrgntlieuntOak, 2 e0m, and Asia TCa ber, some of the a lnest in Hiavmashire MR . PAICEA will SELL by AUCTION, at the ' Swan Inn5.eingsclere.qn Frid3y. the 15th of April, at 2, t,34 -apital N IVY O E TaIBER TRFEES, rith their lop top, and heck, 192 noble cims, 400 prime ash, 300 oak saprings, and 27 iare,i all standing on Cats and Long Cross Farms, in HetheraUi's Coppice, SandhiLlfields and rows adjoining, and in Svedford-toed, a ingcslerey also on lands near Klnightsbridge and in North-vwood, Ecehingewelt S.B. A large proportion of this valuable timber Is first-clas, remark-able for its lupetor quaLity, estraordinary lencgth, and uie. It stands unrialled in this famed timber-growing district, and will give to m&erchants ship buiders. Government esltractors. and others au opportity ofte ,uringvthe choiceastdescription or eitherkind. Fulnparticudarnaaybe bad on applicntion to b-. Paites, auctioneer, T e, Basingftoke. Superior aodern Household Fniture, 0 CottLage PianoforLeinWaLINut- tree case by Toekinson. S5O vols or BooksonGeneralLiterature, 20l or. of Plate Case of 10 silver-handled Dessert ves and For supnerior Sheffield lated lare, Dresden and Wendwood Vases and Ornaments, and Effects: removed fromn lichmond and Lower Ga-os. ME. . TEMASwill SELL by AUrCTION, at heiosd Gaelle 35, Lheiesater-equare. on Tuesday. Apri 15. at 12, the Modern FURNlITURE and EFFECTS, removed from the above residences (supplied by a frst-rate upholsterer and in line condiion)d ecomprising a draing room sute, of averye elantandcoIty description, of curtains for four wsindowrs, wrainut-tree chairs, couches, and easy c hairs en suite, velvet-pile carpets. wringed cheffoniers, console tables anud -lasses,12 rnahoganychairscovered in moroeco,patent dining tables. sideboards, bookcases,,three gas chandeliers, tuhepillar. Arabian, and four-post bedsteads, wool and hair mattresses, beds and bedding, mar ble-toP double and single washatonds, cheval and other glasses, winged and plain arvadrobes, china dir'ner. dessert, tea, and coffon serrices, and k.iteben requisites, On view Mfonday and morning of sale, and catslognes had at the r ooms. MIdiakeath, Lew,isham, andilreenwicla-ValuableFreeholdaud Lese hold Dwelling-houses and Shops. R.It ROGER1S will SELL by AUCTIONW, at t'ae iVLt Dover Castle Inn, Brodway, Deptford. on Thursday, April1'7, at2 for 3, in folurlois, by direction of the Trustees for the family of the Iateblr. and 1rs Desgrsnd, TWO }LEASEHIOLD DWELLINGHOUS6ES, vwith tbree Shops. in Montpelicr-vale, Blackheath, let on lease at £51 a a-ear, and he'd at a very low ground rent, in the oecena tion of Mesas iudkingham. Payne, and Wenhara; a respectable Leaehold flwelling-house, at Lewisham-hill, let to ltre, Alln, at £f42 ^ eIr-; ,^Freehold HIouae and ShoP, near to Deptford-leidre, let to -Br.Samnl Twer, at £1s a year; and. Twro FrehOld Dellingbouses in Cross-treet, Hrolmeedale. Lewishara, let to Mesrs. Abbott and Staples, at £20 a ver. May he nie ed by lealve of the tenants any day preceding the ssNe (Sunday excepted). Pirtlenlara of E. h-. Eandeli, Esq., solicitor, 51 I^wencPountues-lan: H.:1 D. Franucis, Req raohdt-or, 4,. Monument-yarS };ondon; itobleriPark-er. Esis, solidtor~ Grs~sis1u; Garraways; aWt the placeof sae; anof- lr. R;ogers, stie: - Ltiba Hit1dhini Market, on the Great Xorthrin ailw,y iMiSSRS.P G - a-A Elo wiil 8U,l BIORN BJLLOCKS and HEIFERIS. wad 10 suDezior lat half-bred Stedor, earIlgglsaade M. JnssLog,of M.Pb, md-M. Pise, o IAIS?I, nar tesena of Relw fat Jo -in Baul=Ptcy.-Re ep Jon,TeSlibrA.u W z-ud C CAEnONe(ofthe firm of -Page Tuwdsary. Apnl anWd. aAsl nd foUo 'di ay if or lots, the wbole or h prpit OISRL u~ru~ topaofotetsi bilirtal,pt. e , stc ntrade, fxtus,tdedtnaaduess,hre,crie, h&areac, aud nu:merouoteeetsMye ewdothdzrbfr mndmorins of sallc ; and~tioiebdOterrie;o es Thompson .lbeIbenha. SLudBon oiios et5*h~ fP on .Albates. jiddlesex and Herta,-ValuiLli reod n oyhl eso h late W1l'iar Poole Attfield, -sci.. of Hadley-greena, Middlesex, pee* dueing a rentaL of abont -3iD0peramnum. i~IESRS. PAGE, and CAAMERON 'have b4eu TH.&foavengd w ith intuectIonsi f rom the6 Ex ecuntDers to SELML by AIU G. TION. sat thre Kart, or, Thursday, May L at 1-2. in lots, the deidrabla FREEHfOLD tESIDENCM Stsabling, und Grolunds, on Hadley-greenthe Wellington Puiblic-house arid the Cottage adjoining, in the town- Of Bermet; a Fr1eehold Dwelling-house and Shop. ironry opposite: niine sacres of CopyhoIrt Meadow Land and fore Cottages. with V3alable fanltages for building purposes, pleasantlY situate at the aotranre to the townm of Bernet froma Estree:' an allotment of Meadow Land, -aituAte on Barset-cominon : Three valuable F reehold 3Meadows, coniaiunsbet 7 acrs: aFreeold eer hop 11 Cottager, and coher Preriss, rotin th hgh-oadatWhestoe.Particulars and conditins f sle ay e obaind 1 das piorto the sale. at the Ma;t Barnet, Herts.-A, conmpact and deiamblerehl oprywtho- AfEASRS. PAGE and CAMIERON will SELL by ACIN, at the Mfart, on Thursday, Mfay 1. at 12. in one lot, the comnmodious RESIDENCE known asSiet os.wtou- contain em-aingaotto acre. articulasnd coH iionsofsae aynd let at moderlate renLts, to old and highly reseta.% eans ~?zESSRS. PAGE and C-AMERONwlSELy .LTLI AUCTION, at the Mtart, onThursday, Ma .a Ie] nt- lots, the capital DWELLIING-HOUSE, with bruthrslupadr- maybe ad10 ay prer o he al, a th Mrt:ofJohn Taylor. Esq. olcitr.7.0 sin-suae; ndofMesrs Pteand Camern Barnet. uet - ilIESSRS. PAGEadCMRON will SELL by JLAUCTIO.N,. atthMci un'Thursday. Mlayl. atlIfor 1,inonei lot, by order of the 31.rtgagee. iind(er a P'ower of Sale, TWO sub. Stanttsfly brick-built and sa-ted. COTTAGES. with,gardeins and pre~ mis-er, situate in Union-street, in the town of Baruet. in the. county a( Mliddles-ex, occupied by weekly tenants, producinig :£20 IGs, per annum. The property is gRrt freehold and pert leasehobl. (cernal to freehold. being for a termn of about M01 y-ears). Particulars and coDnditions of sale may be obtained, 10 days prier to the sale, at thle Mart; of T. George, Faa., solicitor. Barset: anid of l Msfs.r,. Page and Cameron. land agents and surveyors, 64, Old Broad-street, and St. Albans, and Brarnet, Herts. Tubl Lams ad MatelCloc. Asignts.few Pictures, Sic. willSEL byAUCTION, upo]2 sre 41 Hrbet-tret,NewNott-adon monday, Aprl 4.at12 gl ot ornerl nw ARO1R ndCHA-IBEH FUItITtIE an oter efect, No onview,. and catalogues upon thepreuse, lsoat r. rpoods ofics,Artiilcr-place, Finsbury. No,30. )x,id-srer--ctok in Trade, Furnifture.Plate, Sc. - OR OD] will SELL by AUCTION. upon £c, h Premsiss on Monday-. April 21. at 12, the STOCIK at WIKNO' ATENT M3ANGLE and M1ACHINE FACTORY, aLntique and ordinary furniture, and other effects. on view Saturday and niomning of sale cataloguesq then obtainiable upon thiu pcemises-. lOM at Mr. 'lrnwooir auction offi-es, Artillery-plate. lznbsysquare'1 Batterse.-ri.rk.-;6 tier annum for ne mmtilyas 1U.ORPWOOD will SELL by UTO,a t'he LT.L art, on Frida.My2 t1,t iudt h otae' claim, FIVR neAt brcbuiHOSS o.2t9Fane-ret Batterseea. Printed iatolr.1 aspir tN,2 nteett of BeeEr-s.FScott=ad Syn,slctr,7 iriaO-n;a r.0pwrood!s auction offiesAriir-le,Fabr-q r:an Mrt Islinctin,-Deirable ix-rooed H3ouses,for coccupatio oinetent. lU.ORPWOOD will SELL byACIN,a h LL Mart. on rida,Ma at1.infvelt, olqudt the mortgagee-'s claire, f I.1,1.ad1.Mlmysre,Ilnin y miDurtee'wslk- fromKigln-gt:hlfo96easat5 . ground rent, Printed particuas1 aspir t1,Mlra-tet of W. Palmner. Esq., solicitr3,Goe-tetEutnsae;t rOip wood's auction offic.Atler,lc,inur-.ar:adMrt Dalstors.-Eli6ible live-roomied Dwelizig-houase% with Fere-court6 acd R. OPWOO il SEL byA'UCTION, at the LtL Mrt, n Frday.May , at12, ~os.2 and 3, Victoria-road, Daiton hld or87 eas. t 3 ls,grondrust, Prnted particlulas 10 aysprir a Mr Orwon'a ucton ffies,Artillery-place, Fins Plortinan-squre-Dleairabdeleo eol VIfESSES. PRICE and CLARK will SELL by. £L,AUCTION, at Garriway's, on Tuiesday, April 15, at 3.2for 1. izt three lots, 'by order of the Executers of the late Miss Franc-es A.Bland; THREE substantial LEASEHOLD) RESIDENCES, undeniably situate in one of the best localities at the west end of tire metro-rolls, hetld inesterold Thestmenritse mayigtbe viewe by erisio ofr thmn 1USSRS. PRICE and C(LAK ae received AY.Linstructions; from the MWortg4age to SELL by AUCTIONV, at Garraway's, en Tuesday. April 15, at 12 for 1, -in four loin, TAlluable FRtEEHOLDI) ROPERTY, viz. :-Two dwelling-houses with sh ops, 2 sand 3, Rinoan-road,B3arnsbury.psrk, also convenient stsbling.with large yardaendlgoodhuarness premises; togethler with a blaclrnmlth's shep dwelling-house, and excel lent ranges of stabling for 50 horses, with* sqpacious yard, Sic,, situate in Dover-street. Roman-moad. built in avr superior manner, let noon lease at £65. The whole is freehold,and neihborhod i rpidy rsin invaue,andis ecomeded to ta An excellent Residence, close to Prln ~fSSRS. PRICE andl CLAR i1 ELby AP,AUCTION, at Garrawaty's, on Tuesday. April 15, att 12foI,a safe LEASEHOLD INVESTMEXNT. being the Redideace,No. 5, eau mont-street, PortlaLnd-place, in the paRish of 1,laryleibone, held for a termn, at a low ground rent, and lst to a respectable tenant at £57 per aunnio, lbs r,rtdence may be viewed by perumison of the teansit, and particulars had- atGarraway's; of Messes. Simapson, CoDbb, Zoberts. and Simpson, solicitors. 62, Moorgate-atreet,city; and o1 Messrs Prlim and Clerk, 4S. Chasrecry-lane, Cambherwetk-ltousehold Furniture, (6j-octave Cottage Pianoforte, and' Effects. 1~JF. SUH wil SEL byAUCTON, on the Pre- l?eckham.-To Stationers, Toydealers, Fixturedealers and others SU H is instructed by the Propretor, M1r. ARG ibet. hoisgoing ab-road, to SELL by AUOTION, on the Premises, . S. lenbeim-pla-e, High-street, on Wednesday, April 16. at 12. thne FURNITrURE of the usualI descrip)tion, graud pianoforte, large stock of toss and stationery. fixtures. andhga-iitrings, and numerous effects, Ma eiwd n ctlgish o tire premises; and at Mr. Sorb's aLuction sani esette office WValworth-road, Genteel Furniture and Efrfects.-lly Mr. J., FUMLtElt on the Premisas. 113, Al1bany-street. Regent's-park, on Thursday, April 17. at 12, by direction of the Proprietor (the house being let unfueririsedl. THE excellent Ftirniture, &c., comprising mIoder - Mahogany four-poet and F:rench bedsteads, feather beds and bed. ding, marble-top washstands. mahogany leo table. cheffonier. conch, sets of chlairs, Brussels carpets, fransesi engravings, and the usual effects ofanroderate-sized residence. MNaybe viewed thedsay -prior endmorn. ing of sale, Catalogues on the premises, and of the auctioneer, 161,. Albany-street, Rtegent's-park, On Vrew.Wel-nuade miolors Furniture. CaLbinet Pianoforte, Patenut 31nl.adother Effects. 1AR.ROBERT R~EID wvill SELL, at his Rooms, ITLG'reat Marlborough-street. on Monday, April 14t at 12 forI preciely, odernFURNIUIlE,comprsingcentre, caLrd. occasional, fany, ndothr abls,in alut.roerrodand mahogany acts of- Valuiable Standard Books, in all Classes% of Literature, SOUTHGATE and BARRETT Wil SELL byAUC- TION.%1 at their Rooms. 22 Fleet-strect. on 'Monday next, April14, auid following day, the well-selected LIBIRARtY of the Camberwell I,itmr nd cietifc Istiotin, he hol in very clean condition andriO deace bystapin. IcluingthsSociety's M,aps, coloured. 2 vls, haf mroro;theBi'dgeate Trntses, 12 vols.:- Wellngten flepatlse an Idex 13vol.: lbn'sHisoryofthe French Revo- Animl Kngdo. Svol,: Lne~ ArbianNicis,3 Vole. wvo.;'Wilkinsus nciet ad Mdem gypian andThees.8 vole. ; Campheir Lies f te Lod Carueltrs, voe.:Raraul's British Novellists.A5 vole.; - ritiEh Essaayists, 46 vale.; Hatlam's Works, 10-rOts,': Hazlitts'sWorks,~ 15 vols. calf; Penny Cyclopredia. 27 vole. ; Ancient and Modem Universal History, 60 vole.: Lardner's Cycloprudia. IlDOvl.; Family Library. SO vols, Scott's Waverley Novels, 48 vols.,; Bentley's Standard Novels, 85 vole. ; about 100 volumes of modem novels, Sc May be viewed, and catalogsies had. On Monday next, at 12-Old Bond-stroet.--Genuine SaLle of lgn arid costly Frurnture, 'haproperty of a Gentleman. andremoTed for the convenlience of sale. fESSRS. TRIGGS arc inistrucetedl to SELL by JX,LAUCTION, at Robinson's Rooms, 21. Old Bond-street, on Mon. &yn,k,trjl14.at 12 proeiely, the elegaint and costly EQUIPhf4enil Rf SIDEA-E cmrsingamanfiet- sIemNTg of &gen.--=eI adaf5e45intwood daL.wssrgroo funimtu,re, in rich rmarone and gold silk, ant ctricta,ig of osntre. leo, card, occeatonaL, and other tables, chairs, lounges, fo-otshe chimney-glasees in earrea Plt frmies, the elegantly designed p1a~i3qS91Di an'dmnarble-top theffomuer (manufactured reardles of expense). suplifor BpLuiish n, - isgenytelescopo diningctables, noble sideboard, couches, e IS-,Om Ilant, plate-glass paneled wardrobes, chests. of drawers ?nrL:tOttX wabs-htands, dressing tables and glasses. handsome f6ur-poat Arabinn7 end-other bedsteads with damask and chintzfurnitures, cex;erletgoose feather beds- and complete sets of bedding, blanukets, &*o., window coraires and sets of curtains, rich tapyestry, B,ussels. and other carpets, Axminster hearthsrnqs,'fenders, fire-irons,.arid effects. Our view this daY ISaturdayl and mormugof sale. and eatalogues had at the rooms; or of the auctioneers, Sesilbampton. 1eanrpshire.-Capital Farm. for Investment or Occupation.-By Messrs. GUDGEON and SON, at the Junction Hotel. Bishoptlokr, on Tuesday. April 22, (unless previlously disposed of by private contract, ofwlinch due notte will be givenjl in one or three lots, as may bedeterminied at the time of sale. ALL that imost desirable Farmi, calledI Horton Farm. Ain the parish of Bishopstokc, comprising about 140 acre of arabln anid pasture, land, with saitable farm-house and buildings, and several ,excellent sitesiorbuilding one or more good residences; commanding extensive and picturesque vines- of the surrounduing country, and the Isle of Wig1it in the distance ; situate about three miles from the Botley and two miles from the Bishopstoke Stations on the South. Wester Rtailway (at both of which plecesmark-ets are held fortnightiyl, and sixusilesfrom Southampton. The estate is partly tithe free, end ihmold,nealy, ifmnteqito.equfacing vale To freehl, wthe qita wrentswand admirn ery small. Thensoilaistkindefor=te trowthe ofatrk. e dt W altham M.Barber solicitor,y SothampGton; or Mesrs.a Gaudgoon aLnd very attractive residence SION HOUSE, amdated in all its arrangements for a gentlemansfaiy with POrtico ann balconies, plato-glass -windows and modem ecrorations The house contains ent-ance hail, a library, and a dining room, on, the entrance door; eleganit dlawing; room occupying thne who]& or the Sirst loor. and there-areeigrht bed chambers onthe two upper- dloorm:- -linen store houscmarc-s cioset, cabinets, Si, The doonestlo offices consist -of housekeeper's sandbutler's rocm% _WoodL onliras, vey cnveient kitchen, scullery, larder, And other ocfte, Thi deighfu reideceis in hand, and a6 pur-haser would bavs Oeco-
