DPE4ATHS. On the 5th of JUlY, at Bellary. Ralph Horaley. Esq., of the Mradas Civil Sevice, Eaed 25, toa of the late John Hordey, FEsq., of rh Ione corsicea On the 29tll it, at Pazsy, Paris, the Rev. Aaxwell Phayre. On the S0th ultt, at his residence, West Derby, near Livqml, inhis Pith year, Sensuel Lafone, Esq. On theist Ins'.. at Wiesbaden, P1 Passiaant, Erq., lIto of Greenhill, Bingley, in his lId year. Oa the 1s inst, MaryAnn Margaret, thebelovedweo rr.Je- rac-in. of S0, Skinnesetreet, Snow-hill, snd 53. Cosnhl, leaving three chlldren to mouru the loss of a most affectionate parent. on the 2d lest, at Edinburgh, after a abort, ilness, MEis Charlotte Young, late of Highhury, London. On the 3d iist., Ann, the beloved wife of Christr. Wfilloughby, Erg., of Pomona-pece, Hamsersmith, azed 78. Ontho Ithnslt., at Amesboury, Robert Pirsckey, Esq, aged 58. On the 4th itto at Eother-hilL Midhurst, aged 71, Cithemine Elizabeth. second daughter of tthe late Edward Payne, Esr., of Siten Roeae, Eussex. On the 4th lnst. of bronchitis, the er. William Tomli, of Chesbarm, Bucks, aged 75. Pin death i a severe low to the town in which he had lved for 47 years, end to the Christian community generally. * On the 4th iLst., after a lineeringillles Thomaso third Eon of Matthas Rwe, cEs., of Surbiton-hlll, end late of Welorn-place, Russetosquare, agedl 28.- On the 5th inst.. at Camden-town, after a few haurs' illness, Frances the wife of Mr. Oeorge Pritchard, end fifth daughter of Mr. James Gruzeon, of the London and County Bunk, Woolvich. On the 5th inst.. of convulsions from diarrhmeaof 36 horn' duation Aisfed John tetery, the infan; son of Mr. Buce, surgeoD, Sluoz, -Bucks, aged 16 weeks. On the 6th lnest., at Footsery, Rent, Eliza, thewileof JamesFaller Mssdox, Egq., in the 65th year of her age. On Saturday, the 6th inst., atWtildecroft Rockland, Surrey, Lucia, wife of Jas, J. Cumains, Erq., of same plce, formerly of Cork, in Ire. land. On the 6th ins'., at Scarborough, after a few days' iUness. Jolla Mazgaret, the beloved wife of Thomas C. letcher, Baq., of l.othbury, London. On the 6tl. inst., at the American Nursery. Bagaho', Surrey, Mary liabeth,the bolvedwife of Ar.John Waterer,suddenly, of apoplexy, -ged 58. On the 6th inst., at the residence of his danghter, Northampton. parb, lelisgtn., iu the Slat year of his age, Francis Charies YiugraTe, eg.., for many years in the Secretaryk Dspartment of the Inlaid Revenue. On Sunday, the 7th inst., at Islisgto, Caroline, the reSet of the late James Thick, Erg., of the Stock Exchange, much respected. On the 7th in-t., at Kensington, Jane Margaret, widow of the late John Dfevw, Eu.. of Hunter-street,Brunisrric.c tquare. On Sunday. the 7th inst, at Hitchin, in the alth year of her age, Hlcen, the beloved and afectionate child of George and Elza Groom. On the 7th inst., at his residence, Streathami.paragen, Getrge Porter, Baq., of Bermondrey, ia his 61st year, after prolongedsuffesing. (in the 7th itst., at Lodge Park, county of Kildare, Arthur Henry, Erg., aged 75. ' On the 7th inst., rthr Morse, Esq., of Swaffham, Norfolk. AtLanctrigg. OarsmeSneaed20, Josephine Fanny, eldestdaughterof 1dir John RIchardsoni. C.B.
ZMrOZBY-A 7 KEBTand CI!YIYTELLIGER.CE. Mon&dy Evening. T -here has -beenf extreme dulnesa in- the Stoo&-' xchcnge -db-ay, and the feivt ansmtihnatathave ta plae have been at a deoline. onzola for ,-ronle;y, whiohon Saturday st)od at 94i to 95, o emid at 9to {, ad. receded to 94$ to E, at whic they , remLUfed to the close of'husiness.' kor the '8th of ctdober the last- quotation was 9o to- j. A su6ces-ao-n of sales in coinuexion 'witho the approaching .sePtkment, coupled:with inresed heaviness on.the an=s >ou;r,e, are the chief influences which-have 'affete. the tone of the market. Consol Scrip left of. at 3} to e premium; New e per Coents., 94S toj A, iaa-bon&s, 13s. to lOs. premium; Eulehxeque--bonQdi, '1O00 , and Exchequer-bills, 12e. to 1' pAmi p - - - :In the foreig2n ttockomarket, day the .principal cm}rcunstance was a fall of 10 per cent, in Buenos *yr"s, advice3 haing been received. by the Brazil mai! that the Government have sent a corunlca-ion to lr. Giro, the representative of fthe bondholdea-s, to the effect that, as the bondholders had .refused. to accept iu its entirety the .receiit proposal *for:te settlement of the debt, the Buenos Ayrean .Governent have detenmined to withdraw it and, to let the question revert to its previous position. The last transactions -were- at 81, nd to-day 'tlae quotation -was 70 to 75.- In other deceriptions prices on thc average were maintained with firmness, but sales increased towards the close. ahe business conprised-Ecuador New Consolidated, 14- and i; Granada Deferred, -7; Mexlcan, for account, 227-; Peruvian Four-and.-a-Half ner Cents., for the account, 81-; Russian Four-an-aHalf per Cents., 98; Sarainian Five per Cents., *92; Spanish Three per Cenits., 45'; the New DOe.ferred, for account, 25; Turlish Six per Cents., fqH4 :account, 103, -,- and i; .tli Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for money; l03@; and for the Account,j *1032; and Foor-and-a-Half per Cent. Peravian. ZfloilarBonds, 60&l. --:-.' Tqhe 'final quoiationa of the French Three per Cents. on the. Paris Bourse this evening vwere TaOf. 70c.for money, and 70f. 75c. fortheend of the: month, showing no material variation. V . * In the corn-market this morning there was a further decline of 3s., making a total fall of as. since this day week. The 328,000l. of gold. brought by the Kent was delivered in London to-day, but the whole is to -be despatched to Paris; The gold. from New York to-day is 127,0001., but -3 consicerable portion is on FMrench Account, and. the entire amount -will be sent away. The advices ,on this occasion mention an incress of confidence in the money-market, consequent upon the last weeldy bank statement being favourable, but there was an absence of speculation, and securities of all kinds remained without change. Erie was quoted 60; Reading, 86 to J; Panama, 94; Illinois Central, 1095; and Illinois Central Bonds, 91i. The rate of discount was still S to 9 per cent for the best paper. At the Court of Bankraptcy to-day, Mr. Commissioner flolroyd declined to make an adjudication in the case of the Royal British Basi. The Lord-Myor to-dav remitted. a further sum of c5p,Off. to Paris for the sufferers by the inundations, thus raising the total amount to 830,000f., or &3%,c01z. The bar silver brought by the last West Indian steamer has been sold at 61-d., showing an advance of d. The dollars are 5tin on hand, and. it is anticipated that sales *will not be effected for some days. The trade reports from the manufacturing towns for the past week indicate a general improvement of tone from the satisfactory results of the harvest. At Mlanchester, although the transactions have not been very large, increased confidence is observable, and prices are extremely firm. The Birminghamn advices describe steadiness in the iron-market, and a genLralexpectationthatthe quotationsof last quarterday will be upheld. Great anxiety is manifested among aU classes forthe practical confirmation of Mr. Bessemer's invention. ln the general trades of the place there has been ful occupation, and good orders have arrived from Australia, South America, and India. The demand for agricultural implements is active. A u2eful waterproof paper for packing has been introduced, which is found especiaUy valuable in the export of polished articles. At Nottingham there has been no alteration. The competition for silc, which is dearer than at any time during the past 30 years, is augmented by French buyers in our markets. In the -woollen districts there has been a steady extent of business; and iu the Irish linen markets the operations have been moderate at former terms. A recent correspondence between the Euphrates Railway Company and the Fcreign-office explains the present position of that undertaking. On the -26th ult., in accordance vrith a request to that effect, the company transmitted to Lord Clarendor. a description of their proposed route, and of the nature of the concession promised by Turkey, intimating at thJe same time their in.'ention to despatch General Chesney, Sir John 3Iacneill, and competent staff immediately to the scene of operations. The route at present contemplated is from the port of Seleucia, on the Alediterranean, vid Antioch and Aleppo to Jaber Castle, on the Euphrates, a distance of 80 miles, and the contract with the Ottoman Government will embrace a guarantee of 6 per cent. for 99 years, with power to raise capital for steamers at a- rate to be hereafter determined. The land. is also fo be given free of charge, and the guarantee is not to involve any right on the part of the Turldsh Government to participate infutureprofits in excess of 6 per cent, beyond a reimbursement of any sums of iaterest they may have previously paid. At the' ame t-ime application has bean made to the India HIouse and the Board of Control fur encouragement'd and co-operation, and the supportof Lord Clarendon is also relied upon in his instructions to the British Ambassador at Constantinople, who is believed to regard the project with great interest. In the in structions given by the Board to General Chesney and Sir John Macneill, whose departure 'took place on Tuesday last, full liberty is given them to adopt any spot on the Mediterranean other than Seleucia that may appear more favourable. It is indispensable that the line should start from a safe harbour, and a fornersurveyof SeleuciabyGeneralChesneyand Captain Allan, R.N., seems toestablih the eligibilityof that point, but the port of Alexandretta would give the shortest line to the Euphrates, aud- it has been said by high naval authorities that it -would contain the -whole navy of Great Britain. There would, however,be some objections on the scoreofunhealthiness. as well as fron the less satisfactory charac'ter of the gzadients in its neighbourhood, and -unless it ahould appear thzat these m3ay be avoided Sele.ucia will aost probably ba selected. The general nature of the route from Seleucia toJaber Castle appears to, be singularly free from physical diCsulties, and the same may be said. of the entire distance to Borah, on the Persian Gulf, to which the railway will ultimately be extended. With regard to the habits of the population, the expreience of Gefieral Chesney and others is held to establish that no serious diLi-. cilties need be apprehended, and that if th6ir' rights aze respected they- may, in fact, be mnade valuable allies in maintaining the pernsenca and security of the work. If these expectations should be well founded there will be every rerzon to expect that the undertaking may be rapidly carried out, and that at a not distant period the pzssage to. India will be reduced.to little more than hal1f its present time. The telegraph project alongz the same route will be: simultneously: DlEhod fonrard. It is hardly possible to under-; re the effects thus 'to-be produced upon the, commerce of the world,, and it inay be hopes that the two Governments' primariy interested-Great Britain and Tnrkey-mwll lose no oonortuniltv- of hastening the change. Above al, tie India Com-- pany are bound to expedite it by eiezy aid, finan-- hd -and. practical, they can consistently afford. The Bs3zil mail 'to-day has brought 7,4821. in gold. ' The merantile advices from the River Plate on this occasion ari as follows *-. "rtevi&o, August 4.' s Fiores has at -Dgh overplayed his game- and had higs p£spot sent to him. He is on tho baiks of the 'Uriguay. Onie made use Rf him to advance hi3s own power, and it' riil surpnse no oeri if he oie day £eds the Presidenbtbont his husines., and assume3 tho dictator. Ee could not, howe ar, hold such 'a position vesy long in MIontevideo. - Oribe iz a danbCsrous man.- The revenuce is not increasnmg, and as it chiulv consists of customs duties - these, are not likely - to be augmented in consequenca ac a very resv--mea-sr of Urquiza'k. in osder to elfOrCe a dEe ct trade, vith Europe the Argentine Coafederatif'a have p'-ed a law, leisng dopble the anobt of duty on zll goods shipped from the Repnblies .rZBdercsAyz5s' an1? Urugny. 'Moateadeo urvsa sort -0i entrrpAt, and iti intercoeuc ith' - the ports of the Confcdesation2 wvas daiS increasing. How Urquissis to benefit the on£edardt,ica .by this new law ncno oreca see. 'Hd .it"' h~enro profit*able3 to impart easz es dWec from Eu"pe r' "-0 doubt tira m:-chnt,s would have empiloyed thcir'Cspst in promoting that obzectt The no doubt will be, that there will be a good deal of smuggling going on. In my last I alluded to the unpopularity of the Custom-house com: anittee with the-native3; A-iattempt haa been- made to-take= it from us, by a m'aoon to that effect iu the Senate,. but the Govermrnmct resisted -it.; -I am sorry to say,g lowever, that the'G'ovrnimeiit hve iaked Mr. Thornton t;3 forego a porhon of-the amount contracted to be delivered t-t the guaranteed oondholders, Iwhich he very properly de, lined, It is maanifea' thatour Government should afford every support to M3. Thor8on, than -whom they could,n..t have an.honester or mori active repieseitativo. I-gm glidto be able to say that the people are prosRering in the coun. try, and with a contminuation- -of peace this will soon largely', tefl upo -the towns. -which hitherto- have not recovered. from the serious effects of the long desolating war. Basiness is dull, as it usuaUy is at thistime of the year. Bxclhange -has flcos,uated -considerablywithin these 1ast few' days, hahvig opened st4Od., advanced to 43d., and then declined to 42cd., which isto-day's rate.o - * "Buenos Ayres is lahbourin under some- excitemient, in consequence of -Urquiza's aggressive policy, and -there is a warlike sentiment gaining:ground. Few imiagine that peace reani be uresered much longer.' There-has-been airevaluti6n; in Sauth F6, and a governor deposed. It is believed that it was not disagreeable to Urqisiza,and it is even asserted that. 'he piomoted it The gaslights arb now being daily extended, ana. before long the greater part of the city:will be lighted bygas. What a pity it is these people, vwho psess such fertile countries, cannot remain at p:ace and follow in. dustrious pmrsaits. Land has greMtly advauted in value,i and tne farmers are mnost prosperous. Exchange, 67s., -I forgot to inform you, under Montevidean news, that Dorotea -aGarcia has resigned the post of MIinister of Finaico, -andu has been succeeded by -. Lecoq, one of Oribe's o;dfbllowers.'" The annexed, 'in relation to the debt of Buen0s3 Ayre%, is from the Committee of Spanish A-aerican1 Bondholders:- . . - The 6ommittee have thisaday received the followingi communication from Mr. Giro, their special commissionerl at Buenos Ayreas " opy of a letter addressed by Mr. 3ame Giroto the| Minister ofFinaaceof Buenos- Ayres, Doai Norberto de 'L Bliestra-:-- -.~ . : -E . "'BnoriosAyres,rJulr29,1856.- " ' Excellent Sir,-The undersigned has. the honour to seblit to yournEtceency that, in compliance with yorEcellency's request, he transmitted to the Commmttee of' Bo0ndholders in London -the propositions made-to him by; yionr Excellency o the. pat of the Government of Buenos Ayres, uaderdate the8 ehof Marche ast,-wTerebyit is pro-n prposed to resume by specilied degrees, the full paiym'enr of interest on the London loana, fmurnsh a sinkilng fund> and settl thad account nolu due for interest in arr by the -emissiuon. of bonds undei oertaiiarranigement3 for their rudemption, these bends notto carry interest. o t Theanndersigned has the honor to acuainn t yotrfrxcelIency that the committee have received with uch satisfaction the offer now made by the Government of Buenos Ayres for a general arraisngemnt of these claim. The terms proposed would in every respect have met with their ap. proval had they included a reasonable allowance for interes onrthe bendsto be issued for the interest overde, eich they had alwFays expected would be justly admitted in anyarngement proposed, and this -they cannot therefors in justice to themselves relinquish. The committee have own this point entirely coinided in the opinson and viewsa expressed to your Excellency by the undersigned in his letter of the 28th of arch, in -reply to the aforeraid pronositions, and which propositions thea-scomittee equally irith him accept, and agree to with that exception "'This decision of the committee has been aried at -after serious and envious consideration of your Excellenoy's propositions, and of the quention in all its be p ane is furtherxecorded as the unanimous opinion of the bondoldersfin general; andtheystherefore rely on the Baenos Aresn Government admitting the justice and reasonable nature of their final euirement, and thereby bring this negotiation to a satisfactoay conclusion. ' ' The undersigned has the honour once more, in the discharge of his dnty, to request the concurrence of your -Excellency's Governmnent in this claimn, and he hopes your E iceliency will honocr him with an ofcial reply to this effect, to enabre the undersigned to report to the committee the thnal a mjustment of the whole queston by the dacket if possible, which is to leave this port for England on the 2d of Augutst proxximso. "'The undersigned baa unEeigned pleasure inreneowng to yourExcelleny the asstrances of his high consideration nad crgpecb. t m t "M tinistry of Finance, Buenos Atres, Aug. 1, 1wse "a' To the Commnissioner of the Bondholders of the London Loan, Mr. James Giro. " 'T thundersignedminister of sinance ales the honowro acknowledge the receipt of your note, dated the 29th of July last past, communicating the resolution adopted by the bondholders a ageneral meeting, relative to te propositions made tothem, through you, under date the ath of march mast, for a final adjustment of the debt doe on the London loan.- " 'fSaid note having been brought to the kenotiledge of myagovernment, and taken into deliberate consideration, lam charged by them to reply to it,e anifesting to you that they have seen with regret that their intense ivshes and efforts to bring this aff£air as speedily as possible to a final arrangemenit euitable to all have net had the result w7hich they confidently expected, as results from the refusal of the bases of the arrangement proposed, which is what the non-acceptance of them in their entirety amounts to. The bondholders being by their resoluation released from th proposed arrangement, my Government remains naturally equallyreleasea fro w it; butin makto you this declaration I am likewsne chaored to manifest to yu hat your may makoe it knon to your constituents that my Government find themselves always disposed to continue treating on the arrantement of this importnt matter on the same priniples orgood faith and equityof eich theyare givin ncyntestible proofs. - "' Having complied with the instrections of my Government, it ony remains toame to reiteorat to er. Giro the assurances of the most distinguished consideration. "'lNORBERTOJ)E LA R1:ESTRA."' The Lady Hodggle s on from ShaonOhai, has ae?ri-red off Plymaouth, with a valuable cargo of silk andi ten. -The only departure- from the po?rt of London for the Australian colonies during the week has been. one vessel for Hobart Town, with a capacity of 376: tons. The rates of freight continume to e;hibit a tendaency to hten-viness. In the general busiaess of the port of ilondo doring the past week f tere has been little activity. The number of vessels reported n lwards was 188, being 39 less than in the previous week; and the umbes r cleared omtwards was 144, including 14 in ballast, showing a decrease of 19. The number of ships on theberthloadingfortheAustralian colonies mis '73, being 5 less than the last account. Of thos nEow loading 11 are -for Adelaide, 2 for Aucklanad, 1 For Ca?nterbury, 7T for Geelong, 4 for Hobart Town>-- 3 for I aunceston, 2 for Melbourne, 2 for Moreton B3ay, 5 for New Zealanad, 17 for Port Philip, 2 for' Portland B3ay, 13 for Sydney, 2 for Swan Itiver, 1 for Wellington, and 1 for WVarnamnboul. -The following relates to the proposed SontIi" Western Hotel Company, which was advertised inJuly last, with a capital of 6070001-. - - "Sir,-Nnmerous applications having reached us, esps-- cialiy from proprieto4rs in the London and South-Western Railway Company, assuning that we are the solicitors of the projected ' South-WTestern Eotel Assbciation,' anld alsoy that the London and Soulth.Western Railway Company are in direct alliance with it, we should ibe glad if it could -be mentioned, through your city sirtiele, that we have no pro - fessional or other counexion with the project, nor are we aware of any alliance between it and the South-Western 31ailway Company. - - - -- - .,we are, - Sir, yonr obedient servants, "BIRCHA5, DA YMPE, and DRAKE, "46, Parliament-street, Sept. 8"
ITADE BB POBT. TAI'ONV-h6 mkA is dull, X 2 o hetOt for all the month, and 49s.-for the t three monts (buyers). Annexed are the statistics of stocks-3nd nnces AIV AT.S FOI WTEEM ___ Other eaces1 . 8C 8D Total ' With regard to the general state of the trade, Messrs. Colchester .and Woobier rem,uk :-.-(Ihere. bas been but; little doing in thealow-nmarket -within the last few days; y;mj continue to droop for-late delivery, but as there is bnt1iHltallow offerinigon thespot pi~icearefairlyinaintained~ ifor ready goods; but as there are now several steamersointhewayemayn ope-to har e abett-ers spplyshortly. The last avesfrom St. -Petersburg state that shipments -were being - tade witha the utmostdespatchimn order to load Ehipsbefore ~the holydays -whiclh were.to commence.this -week, anid all bel.mneswohalzl thenin miiispinded for10 days. *146 roubles .was demandd rdeieryf in,Sepebe week,ange a;~ mrewhts ere rt'eSr eatsier: iThere isnot, --uch de 3a to. 5hree mouths.. South Amercanis 'sold. at 352z. fod; heepi,t :ustiralian, 5Ss.; bee.', 51.; town' tillow, 53s. net cash.
AIETROPOLITA.,r CATTLE-MARKET, S.cp. 8. The arrival of cattle and ePhee into the port of london from tha oontinent,during the past week has be very large. The UIaTt,35,5 I owe return gves an entry of 2,06t omen and onos 1,21 calves, 671 lies. and &.IS> eheep, maiangatotalofl,363head Thbere were good arrivals of all kinds of meat at. market to-ay, ra;veetheles5i tbe trade wias brisk for evesting, and prices wvere gene. -rilly g litUbIgt hier PrimAe Scot.ch besets3 made 53. per stone o£ Slb.. iin the osan. Sorth Down motion was a particuarlyrgood sale, at5aS. Sd.per stone. sbal-bneda 4f. o9Ld, aud polledelieep4s. 2d. Veal end pork wevre a quitet sa atetdEaRl e rate.- - The inqofry for lamb wa tolera'blY go. - VoroWaraUve Statement o! Fe-lees, and Supply of Osttle at 3Ma2;el. MY anldStrawe eiloadof 3trn2s Hu. ;Wl5B-C&tOra.. £ clSe&OdA1 U&5D0.dto.51ID, .Etras . . m & OCL to in1 I% d.
- WESTR2vA u3STBALzA. TO THE EDITOBR OF THE TMIES. Sir,-Weferring, to a paragraph in yonr paper of to-day, relatingto punisbinentby transportation, r should be glad if I could obtain insertion of the following resolution come' to at a recent public meeting in the colony of Western Auastralia:- That this meeting iY of opinion that tho reformatory ysten now ado p ted in'this colony has within the establishment been v,hollysuccessful, andthat the settlers throughout the colony have fully co-operated wiith the authorities to insure its success without thoralls by giving employment to and encouraging the deservin ' and that they are fully alive to the benefit which has arisen, and will .arise, from Imperial expenditure in eoonsequence of the' convictsystem and the introduction of labour at a- reasonablerate, andareanxious and ready to zeceive convicts, and render their best aid to insure thhe working of the system' with success, on the terms as first understood; but this meatingis of opinion that, unmless the esablishments requiredfor the protection of life and property are efficient-- unless theoincreasing burdens -vwhich have arisen out of the 'con.vict system, and have.fallenupon-colonial funds, are removed, the result must be rlmnous. to the reformatory syrsem, and the best interests of the colony." ! r. F. T. lliot, of tho Colonial-office, expresses his beolief that transportation to Western Australia 'has, failed. 1-ay ithasnot een failytried. h convicts hava been employednponLworks of no publicutility. Therelbasneverbeenan adequate staff for their effectual control, and the colonists have been made to bear an mnreasonable-proportion of their cost. - It is, of course, impmrtant that there should bo propor- tiorate free emigration. Perhaps it may always be expe-- dienlt to give somo free pssages to. labourers 'and artisans, 'but thee ief point is -to -emqvo7the present.problbitory.priceonthe acquisition of 'land. This done, there wil assc:redly be abundant free emigration, and that, too,:of a asupirior class. Anincreasednurmherof convictsmasy then bhe sent ou, and if theyaraemployed on worksofreal public ~velne, such as harbouxrs and roaxs, theze can- be no doubt that; vast and drcry-iilderiessmayero long be converted into a wealthy and. important colony, with what advantage: *to t'his5coty and, I.may add, to t-he poor convicts them. sEClVlS~, it 1S sna4rflus for me to- say, when Lord VCampbell hastiotruly laid it down -thae -1trauisportation is the beet secondary punrshenth at has ever been invented, and thit the '!Governmeut ought to use every possible 'effort -to 'estxblis hcolorues to which conv:dt may be transportedY' - i : T am. 8irm Jv n';nR e . M. OMMANNEY.- - i Sept. 8. i .
* PEnTOUS ANTu.--on Fiday,~pvening last, .the inhabitants of the village of TenLby, Scoiith Wales, 'Were, startled by an occurrence which for-cibl reWais to mind-the memorable.scene in the A cTryco! Sir Walter Scott, descriptivo of the narrow escape of Sir A. Wardour and his daDghter from being droive don the seaahore by isbprng tide i of unusual height. lt:appears. that two ladies; -idtois.at' Tenbly, hed- impmrmdently:entfnred to prolong their,walk ofx" 'the aands. betweena TenDy. And Waterwinch, UntiL: the tidel had :o, far advaticed As to compel theta to clinib the l'ui ordei- to avoid ubmnergeuce. 1 Thsyr succeded in bffecting-a xecure logment on.a.portioti-of -theroclk above high-wateri ~mak,-butrit,'was ntter: impssib,le especially for ladies, to fgaini,the snmit. of: hejlms- IPe -pendictilat emitience,, ian the adventa-rers acbordingly- resolveid to pass the~Aiiht. intbdir exposed and most disagreable p)osition. Fortun%te1y hoQwe ver,,the ladies at, length were olnirved by~ some sailors, froni,tlie hieights above, ana,afterwsme mancauvingi4aised-- to th,?summnit Iof te cliff by ropes.. It is nieedless to say,, -that -the abvov &lv c'ntre .was nniagaled a thousandfold by- the- Mainchausens of the plsce, but there is reason-to-, 'believe the nbove to he the plainrunexaggeratod facts of the I.Gmisaow, Sept. lLr-Corrox.--Wb-have htad no: ~grAt deiiand this week, spinnesg-buying, how~veir,a UlWe imoreufr6aly~ -Holders -meet- tho demand re%ddy- at faill iprice. In7goods and yarnu.the - iarketis, on the, wasole. slates ilo gghisa as bui'erg aro < limini'g the'ir purchase to the svppliy of immuediate 'wants.! -Tzices,- howevee', oostanue'1. ;ha --ither shor fluactu'tion in' pgisuun than~ 1dr some tinfe7 patthe. price 'f %ie~ l aving ,touched. 73e .andti :s.6.cash, closing this afternoon auietly at,- 72s. ed.,. t1bb ;eatire:. ab,mnce of. s- ouation. pteventsi an- advanee. !~o. Ig.m.b., 74s.6d. =AtAere; 77sC. ,L;o.37ls.-
tfi DuntaA -DARanS aD CHU ES.- DUHAsir, Sept. G.L-The Countyof DorhamAgiculturil Society las been holding its annual meeting in this city don thepast two days. The firstday was devoted to the trial of agricultural implements and reaping machines. The fst pri-e for implements was give-a to village blcksmiith, Mr. A. Dodds, of Pity-le; but bhe reaning machblne were not adjudicated upon in the absence of a machire belonging to Mr. Booth. Thefirst prize for shot-horn bulig was given to 21r. H.Ambler, Watkinson-ha1, Yorkshirithesecox;4 to3&.Zbn A:tkinson, PeepyStod;mdie1d,1lToHih& berland. Isfr. Barrowby, of Tirk Mr Thomas Grofton, of Holaill, Durham; Mr. R. B6Otl, Worlaby, N'orthil1erton; and Mr. Thomas Clorisp, were Aho'imccessfuloompihtors for sbort-horn catt1e. There was xlso atolerably,go.l alow of herses, sheep, and poultry. The dinner was held in the NewTown-hal, yesterday even n,IMr. - G. Speamaninthe chair. It was attendeday Mr. TH.- W.env icl, KLL, Mr..R.lI.Xowbray2LP., andotherinfluentialcountry gentlemen. The chabman,in-prpodcSf'SuceesstotheDurham County4gricsiltusalSociety," sad he thoughthe could notrutroduce ths tosstin any more appropriate observations than some which should have reference to a subject which, in his conscience, he beiieed was second to none in its bearings mpon the agrictultural prosperit of the county--he meant the vast extent of land held in mortmin by otir great episoopal and capitular establishment They were et in long leases for lives, or for yeirs, renewable on finea system, he took leave to say, which, hid it been inventea for the exopress purpose of retarding the progress of the agriI culture of the county or district in which it extensive5y prevailed, could not have been better devised for that purpoze. Existing as it did, and as they all knewr, in the county of Durham, to an mnparaleled extent,- he thought it was zufficient to account for any degree of backlwardness in the state of the agriculture oE that country,*hatever that back*wardness miiht be,and was more then ananswer-if awer weie required-to the reproach underwhich, he regretted to : 3, the agriculture of Durham at present labous. Before be went further he might be expected to say aword, or two in explanation of what he meant by- "the reproach under which the agriculture of Darham at present labours." Three years ago the Royal Agricultar.d Socieky offered a premaum for an essay on the state of the-agriculture of the county of Darham; and ping -their ordinary course vith regard to the list of topics the first was, "What :is ihe geolo"ical character of the soil oE your conatyP' Seeonaly, "What is the agricultural character of the soils?" and, thirdly,-ind to whch lie begged leave-particuary to direct-their attention, |-"Whae is the canes of the a ward st2t of agriculture ifi the county of D=rham!" Though -this-premiam was offered three years ago, and thte prize awarded to the essayist, the essay had only been published within, be might almost say, a few days; so thi't he had not any. opp rtunity of giving to it that consideration which he believedit well deserved. In the answer tothe last que3tioA no inconsiderable stress was, as migbt have been expected, laid on the circumstance of lonleaseholdsinthis county. -e would not enter into the particulars of what constituted the grievance in the nature of the tenure; they were notorious to them all; andc te general rontina of that ;rievance had been acknowledged by the two Houses of Parlia. ment. In 1851 a bill, which afterwardasbecame the Act 14th and! 15th of Victoria, chap. 104, was referred to a salect committee of ths House of Lords, and -they roported that "enfranchisement would be more advanta;eous to the good management of the land; and iwofldtecnd to the more effectual development of all its powers, and it the same time promote the interestsgof the lessors-and lessees." This act having requirhd amenament and continnnce, it ws referrelintherecent session-to a select committee ofthe House of Commons. That committeehadreported "The subject of finesfor the renewal of leases;, while itis an improvident system to the lessees, is an obstacle to the gcod manaement of the property and to its improvement." They hsa therefore' he was happy to say, the authority of both Houses of Par. liament upon this subject. Little bad been done so far un der the Enfranchisement Act, and, as it appeared to him ' foritis good reason, among others, that easy asit mightb to come to an agreement with regard to the simple vsue of those properties, it was found to be by no means so easy to come to an agreement with regard to what constituted thi interests of lesaors and lessees. Dependent upon this wera the claims of the lessees-legally, equitably, and morally -to a renewaL. The Lords' Comraittee of lSol empressed a strong'- opiion and a recommendation. orc this su.bject, with, which i recommendation he undersod thelessees generaly vere satisdied, and,ithaviu- b"en found inipracticable to get through thaLegislature t'he acw' by which it was intended, to amend and continue tha EBnfanchisement A ct, a short act was passed, continued for, one year, a promise and ploge hating beau exracted from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners that durlng that time they would actupon the bonii uidc recommendations of the Lords'. CommittealS Ln 51. Io wasbhppy to say thatThat promis was extractoe from -the Ecolessatica Comrnissioncrs i- w mreat measure through the initruamenality of -three a3sociations existing iu Gateshead, Di2lington, sad Stoclton. The' counnittee expressed a hbpe that much would be done before 18598 n ithe Way of volT ary enfranhiaemeit, so as to ranac derit unnecessary to resort to compulsion. He wished thit mighitprovetobethe case;butitwasprettynearly equivaent to an opinion that if voluntary enfranchisenent ahould not have been carried -out by that period compulsory enfranchisement should be haa recourse to; and -mi thia opliGri he most perfectly coincded, - bec-aue tEe -piblio- genersll# were interested as weU as the lesors or the lessees, for every,one oght to be managed to the greatest possible advantgeand nosystem -of tenu likely to interfere uvithr the managment «shol be allowed to exist. But if evetr one in the kingdom were enfranchised, it would be necc-- sary, to do justice to the county of Tharham, that thera should be a reduction o f the mnortmuin estates-oS our- great: episooal capitular eetiblhite-h suclk' an extent as would render it merely sufficient to pay : the -fixed - incomes of membes of those establish.' menin (Applaese.) . He did not, however, say thlt 'tib grevame of a conaidernble portion of the oDunty bein" hell an mortin x am not a conera I adanatage- n it meoeringahitanadsduat yiofos the e . H.dl not dvecae Iai ads os the propetoo th e eHure -a but that the situatzio of that proper -houlbe equalized - and -thit- all property ed on us in the eounfty, beyorid-what was to ie the incoznw.of he bishop t clergy, should be sold ad allowed to pas into -the hand oflayrenia; If their p*eient meeting .aould be the means of estiblbng ah associationforA ymng ont'thoso object,' then crerr man in the county might sty, " Sucoessto th urhamCounty grrcnlTural Society.'- (A 1a-as.) - Advertisemeni.]-Albert' Soith has iies'edgs tbsuaetbauaeaan dingjlonteo - bOa aqwitlen "Sketehe of th4 Dir" Herein he baa drawn hmnouroua, et 'faithbel, |- rteft I ibe sriua sam coSssmpom iEzgOw Mec1ecy* and ahm eue,-jmog fipt m atOZa Of his tdext inGiet,x- Me s,'and-Gyarm!, wbo Inthis10 ssomt eiag weik. ~~~~~~~7 I Sih v-Br be rewd'eith exqulsit6 who can: be ehainued by ?arklin5 deineaion i omasse, bs, costusese and- pess.Price k.-.tAb *'Nh tam " e a bHuram XWbew; aoEt b: X bmds~ or free byjiet for It Wnip. Thu w- oo J, erEon ha alreadY amebTrea sinal anee_ Ameican tesate ha%s bitheeto uyodneed no boek that ea" beud-wt iosU* Tralts." InWrahington Iraiengtsewe paw etr g-Hs lie sad chbacter. but -they ae, arber af, * detbw, whie ;eeann caste the light of hia a.ine noon eTm' nock and cesAew of oei fame gliS tbsOoLgb lueagi Milu and^ wbiJ.p e aseem to 1 for the eAt time, tLhe true dimenaiotk c ot mwv4asam and thimsusidew of ourxeeuwe. - londlov Geou cIkg dCp,Ia R.ostc-"eetc. - AAdvatmemeut ~ ~ ya tho,e ol Mijee Teeade&eaad osa and letterG ts D' s i w a frmh. ewt , 'SO ti v *0 ti ,C ,
LO2J0r TUESDAY, SEPTErMBEB 9, 18i!-v - In Western Europe pageantry may be said to be passing out of date, for neither is it felt nor is .it required. We have to travel two thousand mnfez towards the rising sun, to penetrate frontiers :Jq3o - ealed to the traveller, to plunge into bzdbart4o tribes, and find ourselves in the heart of i i,nclent serfdom,in order to see in filli force the ol1-uguage c' human magnificence. The cavalcadsa which -tm days ago conducted the Emperor o x RUsSIABlJsu-S into his ancient palace is a fit. successor of the old Roman triumph. In this countrY- none ever 1aW its like ; none ever mul ; and were the States of old Europe o -become - even greater and wealthier they Wvotld neither have the materials nor the sentimeat for such a display. No doubt they who gzedon that rushing stream of silver and gold and jerels, of the finest horses and men, the most gi'ular races, and the quaintest,costumes in 'the wcJd, extending five miles in length, and who zlso knew.that. in all that multitude of observed ;iAe :ob.ervem. there was probably not one who a. not. readyto die for his youthfui Ea!wPERoB , coild hardly but feel him to be the greatest . Sovereign in the world. WVe zhall not queation - For such titles there is no contention in these d,aya. 'he subjects of Queen Vicronr& count three to'one,for those ofthe CzR ; their wealth, their fee- ,om,their arts,the grandeur of their traditions,their historical antiquity, are even gieater in the scale o comparizon.'- levertheless we need not dispute t.hst- there is no such potentate, so autocratic, . exalred, -so mag0nificent, as .ArBx&-imm Nfton4nivxrtn;-*and -that he is the onlyI 6ii6Wf the ,ze6ns of men whose position. entitlei iin :to sluh?a4,procession as that described in our colmnsz this' -day. No one but he combines '-i+h Asii tic magnificence European policy, organisation, and weealth. No one but he holds the greatr- part - of two continents, and occ=, pies atho shores of two oceans, and two great inland seas. No one but he is absolute lord bl-sixtY millions of men, still retaining the hardihood and proiess of ancient barbarism. Nations ire fused into the m s of hi3 army, and history inay explore the roll of his procession. Wlhen he nte-is. the .famous Kremlin, it -'is. a portio'n f tlie human race that- conducts him; andl the nhll of Qmmes reminds one of- those which heralded tha earliest o6nquerora of mankind. Yet the slightest reflection is enouglh to inmincl us that, whatever the meaning and vre of this pompous cavalcade, it denotes not nlbounded- power, paramount destiny, immutablb! institutions, dr anythilg beyond the zoumon lot of humanity. - Let marshals, and .e=nbel.ain3,- snd masters of ceremonies do as pi6loy wvil, - thq. -cannot fin for ever the type of luman evzntz, even those of the most aroitrary and {rtificis chmrter. - In zal its circumstances, even thsa which con rihute to its grande-ar, the coronation of Air.n Aafnsa I. is a- very different thing, from th-a oven of his father thirty years ago. In taat difference we read the law of progress, to which even imperia instituions must bor. Bat what: are these circumstance which forced4 themselves on the notice, -even amid the roar of artillery, the . clash of bells, the braying of trumpets, and the shouts of awestruck multitudes? What are the events even more striking than the wild costume ad caparo'ns of Calmucha, and Miagrelians, and Cirassans, and Imenritians- :ore impressive -than the now familiar naEmes of Russia's powerful yet devoted aristocracy a Tn the unparalleled magnificence *of the present ceremonial, - in its- enormous cost (co0putecil at a million sterling), we see the growth of that wealth which has laws of. its own, and which change3. institutions even while adorning them. If this. occasion is grander than the last, then it is so far another thing than the last, and who shall tell what the nett change shall be? SLxtten hours brought ALELAa1DE]5 with pert-ct safety and, comfort from the shores of the Neva to the walls of 3fmoscow. Who could have dreamt of that in the year 1826 ? Yet the railway from St. Petersburg to Moscow is only the first link in a fretwork-which is to cover the whole empire. By the electric wire some particulars of the actual Coronation reached this city yeaterday, and might have coma in less !than a minute. In' the representatives of'- the Eritish- press, and the numerbus-other sirangers at MIoscow, we aee the forerunnesa of a vast influx, which cannot but be beneficial to Russia. and to the general interests of the worldL All this portends change. for improvemiaent is change, though seldom without some sort of sacrifice. But who could forget, even whie' gasing on that spectacle of glory and ci that but one year before Russia had' been compelled to abandon the vast port and arsenal she had prepared for the extension ofi her empire further into the heart of three contisents? This mighty pomp, so full of traditions of the past, aad bLursting upon us like the very climeax of Imperial splendour, comes indeed at the moment when PFovDrNcz has pronouncedithe doom "' Thus " far, and no furtiher." Henceforth all these nations and tribes will have other employment than to aug-. ment their muster-roll. The lit is complete. The work of conquest is done. In that vast human column we read the working of a great policy, but we read it to the end. Such. is the true reading of that gorgeous living'inscription. What shall we read when next the roll is opened?' But these are not the thaoughts of an elnvious rival. it is Russia's best interest to give up a dream which, at the best, is one of misey, bloodshed, and injuistice, and to escape the inevitable retribution that hunts down the conqueror, Russia's own state;men know. this, and they are preparing to divert and concentrate all those mighty energies and all those freits impulses t;o the internal and social improvement of those sixty nillions. IUnassailabl6 within 'her own frontier, secure of the implicit obedience of her people, Russia would be without excuse were she s;ill to convert the strength of all that people and all that soil into the maeans of destruc- I tion. Tne war itself has haDpily brought to ight the want of internal communications and the disadvantage any State so conditioned' muust lie under in comparison with its wiser and more fortunate neighbours. The few wiles of railway we have laid on Russian soil are a hint which she will improve a thousand fold. So all those numerous tribes that figure in ALEXaN-DEl'S long triumphal escort, though thirty years ago they might be a warliko demonstratioll, today only celebrate the triumphs of peace, and ask for 'the universal extension of its benefits. They represent how much is to be done, and what duties devolve on the man -who claims the lordslip of so vast a territory, and the obedience of so many races and tongues. The Government that can muster all these men, to march in one column to one solemn measure, can do more. It can give them all leisure, opportinity, and encouragement for those worlks of peace which even savages and soldierslovebetterthan war, when the choiceis offered them.
There has been some talk of late of a proximate dissolution of the North American Union on account of the difference between the Slave-holding and the Free-soil States. Such an event, -which we hold to be somewhat more remote than our political prophets suppose, despite of recent c ontroversies at Washington, is one well worthy to fix the attention of mankind. The interests involved are so mighty, the influence that it would exercise upon human affairs so extensive, that it is scarcely matter for surprise that it should have become subject for much and serious speculation. But, lo! while wve are all discussing the great Transatanitic difficulty, another one like it in kind, however ludicrously unlike it in magnitude, arises at our very doors. The cry of Vivoe le BRoi ! has been raised in the country of Wmram TBL. An attem,pt, which can scarcely be called a serisus one, has actually been made to dissolve the Swiss iUnion, and to incorporate a portion at least of itg territory with the Prussian monarchy ! The story is absurd enough, and appears to have ended pretty much in the true Ballingarry fashion. A Pussian nobleman, by name and surname Count FREDsnIR PoURTAi-Es, followed by 200 or 300 Royalists, seized on the castle at Nenchatel, arrested several members of the Council of State, hoisted the Prussian flag, and issued_ a proclamaiion appealing to the "loyal" *synipathies of the mnost determinied republicans in Europe. -A second column marchled on a place less' known to fame-La Chaux-deFonds. Two or three Federal battalions, cormmandedcby a certain Colonel BouxGoois, were soon able to g-ve a satisfactory aecount of thoe NTeuchAtel insurgents. _ The mountaineers, who at the time the last advices were deapatched were hurrying down to the scene of action, have doubtless ere this disposed in a similar manner of the auxiliary 9olumn. Nothing -remain to be done but -to put, the insurgents on their trial, and Jto -fix their fate. It would not be surprising if the decisions were characteri,ed cby ;on-iderable sternness, for blood has - b"en shed. There can scarcely be a more hewip'1s crime than to disturb a peaceful country, and to lead a, handful of misguidedl men to destruction in a political cause which never pos sessea the remotest probabilities of success. The insurgent leaders do not appear to have lok*ed beyond the' moment, or tohave calculated. aychance save that of momentary victory. It mijht; 'in the same manner be pomible for an insurxc;] tionary troop, had their measures been well con.: frived and well concealed, to take and hold possession of a London barrack for an hour or two,; bit defeat acd punishment -at the eiid of that brief space wouild as inevitablyfollow uponthe transitorylsuccess.. This is just the story of the Neuchatel -insurrection of the other day, but in another form. It was very easy, no doubt, to aTrest a few mnembers of the Council of State, but the victors forgot- that these peaoeful fucice tionaries had the ;whole of Switzerland, and, froi, one casa ,or another, the -whole of - Euroipe, 'with the exception of Prd&aia, at their back. The rrest, or even the slaughter, of a fbit portant individuals does not imply the destrauci5n I '-f a system, nor the obliteration of a sentime1nt rx-oin the minds ancd he"rt of a people whos whit ever their faults may be, are proud of their fredom, and are determined to maintain it. It is a curious quesion how far Prussitn agentashave. been engaged in promoting this movement. Their action, of course, would not be direct, but it seems almoat incredible that the wildest fanatic shouldh v made'much an attempt as thi had he not,.as a previous step, assure himself of the sympathy and' seoured the secret; aid of the Power in behalf of which he professed to act. It - fill be difoult-nay, next to impossible, to procure proof of: such complicity, although the trath of -it may ' be generally admitted. The aiffieulty on the other hand is to conceive that any persons professiug to be statesmen could be brought to countenance such an absurdity. Precipitancy and rapid decision 'have not been the usual faults of Prussian atatesmen in times now historical, and certainy during the Russian war the advisers of the hesitating -Xo seem to have adherei very religiously to the cautious traditions of their predecessors. The argument,; however,'does not go for much, for Goverunents, like individuals, are but bundles of inconsistencies. How often in privats life do we see a lady reject one unexceptionable offer of marinage after another, and finally elope with an Irish captain, With her brothers tutor, or the butler. If the Prussian 3o1OArtcH or his advisers have been privy to- the wild affair at NeuchAtel, their -one step fromn complete quies. cence should,discourage' them from ever agam relinquishing their masteriy inaction. 'It has terminated in disaDpointment and disgrace. His 'ilag has been torn cdown and tranipled on, his adherents are exposed to the, well-deserved severity of the outraged lIaws, and the name of Prussia:is mentioned throughout the cantons but'to call forth expressions of derision and contempt. Was 'it worth while to cross a Prussian Prath for such a result? We have said that nothing now remains but to try 'thaeprisoners, and we trust that the Swiss authorities, when they come to determine upon their fate, will remember that, as a question of sound policy as ivell as of good feeling, it would be well that the judges should largely temper justice with mercy. It would be impolitic to add importance to a movement which should be quenched in ridicule by any great severity after all further danger of disturbance is at an end. Extreme punishments not only beget' extreme irritation in the minds of the survivors of the vanquished party, but they may also have a tendency to arouse feelings of commiseration, and possibly of sympathy, in the breasts of many persons who :would have acquiesced cheerfully in the infliction of more moderate penalties. As a point of feeling, too, it would be pleasant to see that the triumph of the Swiss Republicans is not stained with blood. Let them show themselves in favourable contrast with the Monarchs of Europe when these had recovered the power which had slipped or been torn from their grasp. We do not attach any political importance to this event. There has existed for a long time past great irritation on the part of Austria towards the Swiss Cantons, and in Paris the same feeling has existed to a certain degree. However cautious the policy of the Swiss rulers may have been, they could not altogether avoid giving offence to their powerful neighbours, because their mountains have so frequently proved a sanctuary or place of refuge to the political refugee. No doubt, had any event occurTed which really threatened the dissolution of the Union, a military wave would have surged into Switzerland frora the Austrian ana another from the French frontier; but the disturbance is too ridiculous to afford a pretext for intervention. Finally, we entreat all enthusiastic young gentlemen and romantic ladies notto disqtuiet their spirits about WLLIAvc TrtL and Swis, -natriotism. The Swiss are just the raost prosaio and moneymlaking nation in" Europe, the Dutch. not excepted. Four Swiss regiments- at the present moment maintain the throne and the tyranny of King BOsNMA, and but for their help he could scarcely reckon upon an hour's duration of his reign. We are glad that the Swiss have been able to defend their independence, but we need not regard them therefore as the champions of European liberty.
As the practice of banking becomes more common the disclosures of the system by which bains are conducted are every day tenduig to bring the practice into discredit. Better for the small tradesman to tie up lis earnings in a stocindg mnd hide it in his bed-better for the small lodginghousekeeper to consign her gains to the brok3en teapot on the top shelf of her cupboard, which is the receptacle of her hidden treasures, than for either to become a depositor in banlk conducted on such lam principles, on such a negation of principle, as some that have lately come under our notice. The worst of it is that the mismanagemnent and failure of one bank throw a suspicion upon all. Some new banks have lately been established, and have been doing business so successfully that they have afforded a dividend to the shareholders of from 10 to 20 per cent. We look at the names of the directors and begin to take courage, when we unfortunately remember that names are, after a1l, a fallacy-that a religious baronet may be a solemn huambug, and a millionaire Lord of the Treasury a bankrupt victim of suicide. The bankrupteyof STN , P&Vn, and BATE$ was a fearful lesson as well to depositors as to bankers. To the latter it exposed the dangerous- quicksands which lurk beneath too venturesome speculation; to the-former it exposed the flimsiness of the trust to which they delivered their all in this world, and probably to many suggested that a joint-stockl bank might be safer than a private one. Scarcely had the public recoveled from the -astonishment created by the discovery of so gigantioc a swindle, when there came another thunderclap; Jony SAIL-EMR Was found dead on Hampstead-heath, and the Tipperary Bank -n joint-stock, not - a private company-wa obliged to close its doors and confess to the robbery of its customers. And now, when we were hoping that by these terrible examples commercial morality was about to be purified, and commercial prudence - about to: be established, we di&cover the foly of- expecting directors to be prudent where there is a chance of great gain, or to be moral where there is danger of immense failure. The Royal British Bank was establishea some year- agci, with sufficiently modest pretensions. Ii -was to be -nodelled on the Scotch banks, wvhich have been eonducted for the meat part so prudently that the initancss in which pay ment has b`een -stopped - by` any: of them have been exee2dingly rare. Whether a mode of banking vhich ;ias been eminently successful in provincial towns of Scotland, and even in such cities as Glasgow and Edinburgh, is equally applicable to the English metropo4, where it is impoBuible that the managers of the bank can have any accurate- knowledge of lIl the transac. tions of 'its customer2, we shall t ay to inqtire ;-but ckrtainly there theo myg of a Scottish Success' in favour of the new institution. The- bank was profeedly stated accommiodate the industrious, deserving d - rman whose capital lay rather inhi s sobei sense and plodding rou-tine than in hix credit. a.- hi' purse, to assist th publican- doing a stea,y bui ness in the corner- op, and the linendrspr iviti hix unpretending windo the cS'A who b taDkes his credit in large letters on his uurivalled 3S. 6d. rnixture, and the enterprising hbirdsser who, in honour of his bears' greae, annou at he "-killed anothLer bear to-dAy." )Propev mged, such a bank may assist the deserving tradsn with a il infmiteimil- capi'tal, and it my yield a fair profit to the sharehulders who embar in -it. But who, are- these shareholders likely to bes The scheme has evidently great. attractions.for a -certain class-namely, for those Who.-have .a horror of great speculations,. and who have faithi in the aggregate- of small profita amassed by small trademen. There is an immense nuimberof old maiad and widows and half-pay lieutenant; and farmers and country surgeons, who would open their eyes with terror. at the idea of becoming hareholders in an ordinary bankl-in a ban:k that would advance money to a wholesale merchantthat would discount the bills of a large shipowner-tnat wouldl accept the debentures of a railWay company-that, ix- short, would transact its bus-mem by tens ana hundreds of thousands at a single stroke. But to thesemindsthere is something safe in the retail merchant; -he is not a speculator, he is an industrious, honest, jogtrot 3man, content with moderate profits and a clear conscience, in spite of his adulterations. A bank, therefore, it is - concluded, which seeks its cusitomers among* this class must be a peculiarly safe Iinvesgtment, even if the gains should be onlly mode- rate; and, accordingly, .we find among the list of the shareholders of the Royal British B1ank just that class of persons -who were likely to. be attracted by such a scheme. Perhaps we are lspeaking in lanentable ignorance, aud, if so, We ask to be pardoned, but we find no great Commercial names among the shareholders. Whether they be there or not, however, we certainly find without number the names of spinsters, widows, clerks in the Custom-house, niessengers, stationers, butlers, artists, police. men, cheesemongers, and- we lnow not whorn else. Tiese were the innocents who subscrib'ed to the concern; but, for all their innocence and all their caution, the customers of the bank have had no more security than if they had confided [.in an aristocratic saint or a speculatinrg sinner. The Bank has broken in the most disgraceful manner. Whoever is to blame in the matter, and that is not very difficult to decide, it is perfectly clear that this bank has given way from i combination of the aulses which led to the bankruptcy of SrB-AN and PAUL, and to the failure of the Tipperary Bank. The latter was at the mercy of certain of the directors, who drew on it till the bubble burst -drew on it without limit-drew on it as none but a person in the position of a director could draw. We are not accurately informed as to the crelit which some of the directors of the Royal British Bank obtained in the books of the company whose affairs they controlled, and we therefore speak with all dule restraint. But it seems to be admitted that in some instances this credit was more than was justifiable; and we only give the system by which a director thus tales advantage of his position its proper name when we say that it amounts to embezzlement. A director is appointed to his chair, just - as a clerk or any other functionary is, for his knowledge and habits of business, and it is not less improper for him to get an excessive advance of money from the manager than for two clerks to conspire to lend each other cash out of their respective departments. And as here we have an illustration of that ruinous license which caused the downfall of the Tipperary Bank, so in the character of other advances we have the counterpart of the insanity in which PAUL and STrAN dashed their heads against the wall. They-lent money to impossible ra:lways in the south of Europe and to unproductive coalmines at home, and, in order to recover the loans, lent more and more, instead of being content witn the first loss. We shall know more of the transactions of the Royal British Bak hereafter, - but the - same -game seems to have been played in its parlour also-money sunik in unprofitable speculation and sought to be redeemed by sinking more, till at last the bank was fairly engulfed in the Slough of Despond. It was engulfed, and the nisery is great just in proportion to the modesty of the gains to which the shareholders looked forward. If capitalists had been connected with it the ruin might not be so fearful, The depositors, it is not improbable, will ultimately escape, but hideous ruin has fallen on the shareholders, many of whom had intrusted all their savings, the small pittances of old age, to this bank. Ilere is yet another warning that neither high-sounding pretensions on the one hand, nor the most humble schemes on the other, are a protection' to the public; and that, be our confidence ever so great, our vigilance ought to be still greater.
COURT CRCULAR BALMOR~AL, SEPT~. 7. Her Majesty tho Queen, accDMP&nie-d by the Princess Royal, drove yesterday to Alb-na.Guyssach. Txhe Prince Consort~ the Dluke of cambriage, ancl t1ie Earl, of Clarendon rode by Glen Gilder to join Her Majesty. Baron Mfarochetti left Balmoral yesterday. Her Roal Highness the Ducliess of Zent, her Sereae Highelsasilinoess An~alie of IrohenlobheSchlngus ad Augusta Bruce, and Lord James Murray dinoA with He6r Majesty yesterday.
; THE SCOTS GREY& T0 TFE EDITOR OF THE T1S. Sir,-The Geius of fLnule whopr sided over tho military affairs during the war does not appear, as yet, to have quite abandoned his fanctions. I amn led to this conclusion because I think T can trace his vagarious in-uences in the movements of the Boots Greyssince their return from the East. I will not stop to inquire why, their destination being Ireland, they*ere lndedc at Southampton, moved on to Aldershott, and scattered over the country in billeta for Eeveral days, andsbsequentlymarchedright acrossEngland to Liverpool, to the needlosw dicomfort of and expense to ofEcers and mn-the equally uanecemary expenditure of public poney-and, wha is of no less importance, the oppression, as it is now the fashior to cail it,. of the inhbitants of the towns through which the regiment assed, by; men and horns being billeted on them. But I l at once follow the Gres to Irelad. Now, the custom of the servioe-raidy and only on great emerrndes departedfrom-is,thatonathe.retur of a corps from oreign duty it is placed in roomy and- comfortable, quarers, where the whole can bo m a,ed togethr for -the purposes of re-for- The Soot5 Grey. aft he,ei return from their desperAte sufferg3, in's beth.U aine pliarly wanted this considera. lion. ?retjuest ypu:attenti6n to the amo fut oonsidera. tion shown them. '- O lWading in Dubliun the regment wa at once marched to Newbridge, where on itk arrival it found a troop of Horse ArtiUer and tho Royal Dragoons, which corps 1 A been home from the Crimea about three ronths, ws r forning, and therefore should have been left ndiauibed, However,,to make somethinglik. rooin for the -Greys, r*troops of the} 1 RoYs wrresent from ' Newbridge, otjt&- ,tanding -which 100 of the Grey had to be prt under canvavs 'although the weather them wa cold a in Decembr, and therain faling in torrents , There was only one officer's quatet's available in the brans , wherea thte regimont requiredo aconmo atiodF for U1. They had, therefore, to seek for logn in lNewhridge-.a muere 'wilag, 'wih houses onily on one side of t,e rd-andmeightf them sccded in getting bed rooms in atsori of elfhotel, h -odfo, at an epense to each of 14st a o eek 'here wth G3overnment allowace- in'sch caxas ia only 8s.for a captain and 6G for A. msesi-room was asiged to thie regiment capable o accommodating about tro-thid. of the officers, to which neitherr chlanor larder as- attachL - So muh -for the oeidortonw show to a cavalry regi - ment from the Crimea, whether as regards the good of the sevice or the comfort of the officern sad ineu-. M1antimo the 2a aad 3d Drarooz Gu rds re quartered in Dublin, hetheybdre velbeen two and 'tree yearn;-while, on the -other had,eithe of these riments had- Ieen ,on fot servie, J beieve, for 40 ears, the 2ba hing- roturned from Prace in 1818, -aid tAe .din 1816. : qpw,; :Sis, IX canotaccount fer thee curions arwage. renplts, ,bat by sluppc g th geniu misrule t toimold offic inomeinlitarydeparaent. !; F! :. - Ydur otbediet ser'Van.? _ SABRETACHL *** Ii not General Airty sURll Quermter-G,ew1? od is n Cc Gael Gordon Lis aaestant I
RUSSI. -CORONATIO1. O'F TE :-EMPEROR (VrIox OUR& !PZOIAL COERRX?O1IbRihm.) 3OSCOW, :DAF :5 , A'uo. 29. On Monday last the mpires-Mother arrived at *the Palaceof Petrdvsky, a country house abou:t four mailefrom MIoscow, where the hmperial family generally reside 'hen ceremonies of' state do not cll them to the Krenlin during 'their visits to Ifoscow-. The Emperor' md Emiree. le£ft St. Petersburg on Friday morning, and reached Petrovsky after duak in the evening of the same -ay, having travelled about 440 miles ii 16 hours, which 2i regarded asUa grt feat ithis part of theworld. His 3ajesty's reception at. the station 'was enthu-iastic, and, late as it was, thounnds of people awaited his arrival,. and cheered him with great energy.' Wednesday and yeste day were xpent in preparing for the great eveit, the -proesuion of their Imperisl Majesties from the Chateau of Petrovsky to the Rrenlin, which took: place to-day under the happiest auspices. it would be as difficult to describe this dazling pageant . as it woulld be to give an accurate account of a grand spectacle at the theatre. In all its component parts it was'magnificent and effiective. The wealth of a vast empire was poured out with a profuseness aliost barbaric, and displayed with a taste .1ou1nded orn Oriental traditions and modified -by Europeandcivilization. Instead of a narrow stage, the scene was Laid ia-the ancient metropolis of the largest empire the world has ever seen; instead of thnel anid moc'k finery, gold and silver and diamonds flashed in the real sumlight.'- He who played the part of an Emperor was indeed an Emperor; and those -who appeared- as Empresses, Marshals, and soldiers, were what they seemed to be; but, after all, when amid the blare of trumpets, the clanging of bells, and 'he roar of the populace, the glorious pageant had passed away in a parti-coloured blase of -light, what was left but the recollection of the transitory pleasure of the eye and of the indescribable excitement which the memory in vain endeavoured to recall of all that had at the moment produced such irresistible effects ? Each impression, strong as it is for an instant, is removed by the incidents of that which followed it, and the miund fruitlessly strives to reconstract the succession of emotions which have died away, and to restore as it were the order of the events by which those emotions were produced. It may be fairly asserted that no stranger who was present ever beheld the like of the ceremonial of to-day. It was quite srti geteris-the devotion and hi7ghly excited religious feeling of 'the Sovereign and of his people, and their acts of public prostration recalled the faith, or, at all events, the practices of past ages, and offered a strnge contrast to 'the actuality of the military power combined with this national faith which menaces the future rather than the present. The gorgeousness of the carriages and uniforms, liveries and horse trappings, was worthy of the Camsars, or of some of the great Oriental conquerors, and it is said that the coronation will cost 'Russia no less than 6,000,000 roubles, or 1,000,000. sterling. There is nothing in the world like Moscow but itself. Perhaps some of those vast Chinese cities, in the interior of the elowery E-ingdom, of Twhose extent and population one hears such wondrous stories, may resemble the enormous mnetropolis which, with miraculous patience, perseverance, and celerity the Russians have erected in less than half a centary on the ruins and amid the ashes of their ancient capital. In Russia nothing must be 'regarded as destroyed or lost for ever. When the Winter Palace-a pile as large a3 Versailles-was burnt to the ground, the autocrat of so many miIllons, vith the force and voliion of a Cambysee or Xerxes in past ages, excl7imed, " On the anniversary of this day I will gi-,e a ball in anew palace on tnat very place," and at his word a mass of stone and marble rose by the ban3ks of the Neva till that promise was fulfilled to the very letter. So -when the blacl;ened and shatterod walls of the Kremlin, s few stone houses, and the ihells of desecrated churches, were all that -ivas left of M3oscow, the popular will, guided by the Czar and the nobility, resolved that a fairer and a nobler city should spring up in the midst of the waste, on, the identical spot where N&apoleon imagined he had struckl Russa to the heart. And thus, with loftier spires and ampler clpolas, in larger proportions, and more profuse elaboration, churches, paaces, Royal and p incely mansions-this miraculous capital, the centre oI the Russians faith, of his devotion, of his patriotism, of his obedience, of his history, again stood on the plain of theMoska Following their instinct and their national characteriscs, theyy caredy sought to improve on the ways of their ancestors, and the forms anddirections of the old streets were preserved almost intact; so that the tortuous Tartar thoroughfares are still visible in their type in the best quarters of the new city. All 'the eccentricities of Byzantine architecture are here developed and vaTied iiith traditionary skdll.' The wild Tartma', awho could not perpetuate their faith, have given at least to the church of Russia some outward and visible siglns of their religion, and the MIosque aind the. G(reek chapel are here present, - as it:'were, in perpetual silent conflict. But there is no time left for me to try and describe the city, even if I bad 'power for the tai-. It is 3 o'clock, and the long street- w"ith an unknown name, whiichphonicallyIbelieve tobe thelKerskaia, is crowded by the people of the town and thope of the country whohaveflockedformiles to witnes the coronation. ThisstreetleadsfromtheKremlintothe Petrovsky Chateau, 'the boundary of the city being 'aiked by a gate and triumphal arch, on the top of which there is a statue of Victory driving her chariot in a very excited- way with unmanageable and runa;y-looldng horie3. The houses, which extend from the Eremiin to the.gatevway inan almost unbroken line, are occupied by the better 20H; ; in all the places, squares, asid tpaces .efore the churches the mujik and the lower orders of trAde.- men are gathered tgether, aund platforms are erected for the authorities and those who can afford to pay for the accommodation. Many of the peoplehave waited in thehste since ylight. It is their great holyday-it isitheir greatest happiness to aee the Emperor. - There huvebeen several flse alarmus among--ie. troops -who -lin e thettree frm Petroviky to the Kemhlin, and the most patient are,, ge tired. But they hiVe no rnghttto X so), fo: no hour inaied or the antrx in the prograrme, Although it is . generaly beleved that Iis, Majedy will make - his appearanoe -at 3 o'c1ock It is now 3 3@,andhehas notlaeft Pe ftv, and theday, which bpened wet and loering, and whih clearedp towards 10 o'clock, agai darkens and threaej rain. At last the men sitan to their rms for the taird. time anda, hum¢ of 0 any suppremed voices Th3S along tlie stree A' A dull heavy noise, lie the eingle beit~of a deep drum, is heard a long Way oE It is the first couv de canon of the n3 ine which announee tiht the Ekieror on h at kentrxnoe of his ancient-capital- moment, fa awd&wide the chime. bf cme- 401 c ktred,asi1 wer, badcat all oveiK kthe greast cjy iling out 'with .atupenm r,whicit h 'in-the depth of it tumult, and tha crowda into an attitude of profound expectation and PoNe. Tor about 500 rds I coould wee up and down the itzeet, which is About theb dtl of Fieete )5e pavementst re narow, but -the ertet of -t,r6ae- oIrest, and ihe poj tion o e ci*iijo smnll,hat the crowd, so far sa- ooas ilj ndgs k a was paked dis ely, like aLomdon D,ii tshe peopl cold move -andsee what psAed 'Lh facility. They could see, thst is if -they c-eold4ok over tht 'waDe of6ildiery 'which sto like 'mciurv: bef6re thiem, toppedl witis aooping of shinXlt. mets .and cret bf wiviang -horsehir. 'Tho lii fantry o£ the Guard weref nioined the d* Itne whole length of the treet; the '!a:e between the lines of -he soldie 'was cover i a fine red sand; carefullyxaked from time 't&tiie. Betwe;the'wslls of tihe house ami the irilltof Imen 'the' Dpeopie, Muijiks !anid their fale,' }ike peiie bourgeoik the townsfolk, and the pea#autry stoodwiththeirwives and children to feast-tair eyes on their Emperor. The houses, of-ligle frontage,but rarely more than three xtorescin height,are live withpeople; the' upper 'wrido are alled e rith faces; platfom erectd in'the wirr, at the height of the draring-room foor, --are. crowded 'with ladie after the newast Paris fashions, officers, and the: gentry, nobility, and itrangers who have flocked to 1oscow for the fates. Theie balconies are decoratea -with coloured calico or s 'with festoons. of flowers and gay streamers :but there are no very striking devices, or any great:evidense of a-faiciful imu gination in the orname6n; and- it isprobablc that with the materials iil hiind the Xrenali would have prodiced~a biettereffect; Ibut, as it was, one could not but say that the ~esult wasve7y striking. The two lines foi'med byithe toldiery are as stict and exact as those of'-'the street itself, and-the eye wanders down a longper. spective of helmets, faces, red collars, green frocksz red cuffs, and white trousers, till they are diminished into mere streaks of colour in the distance. !TlTe officeri dress the men within a hars breidth, look along their chins and nose3, till they are all in line, and then retire.to their places in the ran-s; agaifi tho careful sergeants aud corporals go round and give their charges a lat finishig toucn, brush te duxt off their shoes and crossbelts, and comb the=; moustaches. When the street has been madequite clear there are, of course, several dogs whlich run at full speed down the lines with their eyes staring and their tongues out in a manner quite worthy 'of Tattenham Corner, er the best race courses in Xngland, but these 3ittle incidents are not developed to their full extent for the interest and amusement of the public, inasmuch as there are no stoutishf policemen to run after them, and these usually sagacious creatures are permitted to indulge in this folly 6f their race -without let or hindrance. All this time a thousand church bells are ringig far and near with loyal vehemence, diving the rooks and pigeons in swarms out of their resting-places, to wheel and circle in the air. Ina few moments more the flourishing of trunpetsandtie strains ofinarti music rise above all thi tumult, andcthe trumpet band of the Rifles of the Guard, close at>hand, cornmence a wila cierte, which is subdued after atime to the measure of a quick march. AL few moments of suspense pass heavily, and at length there appears onthe red pathof sa 'which:- looks like a carpet spread in theroaaway, a small party of Gendarmes-kCheval, preceded by a maitre ce ipolicz in full uniform. This latter officer is not like the quiet gentlemen 'who administer justice in' Bov. street or Guildhall, nor does he resemble the more fornmidable looking personages who, in,-round hats and silver-bound collars, ride on whirlwind and direct the storm of popular enthusiasm in England. Ee is a soldier every inch, from plumed casque to spur, mounted-on'aprancing warhorse, and clad in a rich uniform; two and two, one at each side of the way, his gendarmes follow him in light blue uniforms with white facings, and 'with helmets and plumes also. They are fine looking dragoons,- aad iide splendid hores. Behind athem-but who shall describe these warlike figures 'which come on to their own music of clinking' steel and jingling of armour '*They fill up the -whole roadway 'with n flood of colour. Such might have been the Crusaders, or rather suchmigh-thav'beenthe Knights of Saladin,whenthe CrossandtheCregcentmet inbattle. Mounted on high-bred, spirited horses, which are covered with richtrappings-of an antique character, the escort of the Emperor comes by, and calls us at once back to the days of Ivan the Terrible. Their heads are covered-with a line chain armour-so fine, indeed, that some of them wear it as a veil before their faces. This mail falls over the neck and covers the back and chest, and beneath it glisten rich doublets of yellow silk. Some of the escort carry lances with bright pennonso All are armed with antique carabines, pistols, and curved swords. Their saddles are crusted with silver, a:nd rizc marfs and sashes decorate their waist, Their handsome faces and slight sinewy frames indicate their origi. These are of that Circassan race which, minglig its blood with the Turks, have removed fromthem that stigma of excessive ugliness thit once, acording, to old historians, sfrighted Europe. Their influence on the old -Muscovite type is said to be equally great, and the families 'which are allhed with the Circasians, Mingrelians, or Georgians exhibit, we tolao, a5- m arked difference- from the pure and unmixed breed of Runsian origin. The whole breadth of the street was now occupied by a glittering mass of pennons, armour, plumes, steel, and bright colours; the air was filled with the sounds-of popular delight, the champ;ng of bik and clinking of weapons,' the ffourishing of trumpets,, and, above all, the lQud voices of the bells. - Close behina the Circaian escort and the wild Bashidrs comes a squadron of the Division of the Black Sea Comsck of the Guard, in larga flat black sheepdi caps, with red' skull-pieces, long 'lanos, the shafti painted red- and the pennons colo-ured blue, whiteW, and red:; their jackets of scarlet; thei- horses small, handsome, and full of spirit - The forest of red lanoe hiAfts through whicl, one. looked gave a most curious aspect to the gay caval.. cade. A. squadron of the lRegiment of Cossacks of the Guard, in blue, follows. i!kcept in the ihape of the head-dress, which is like one of our s"hako in the olden time, and the colour of their uniform,these men resemb: the Bclac Sea Cobsscla. * 3Each squadron ronsists of about fOOmen, and the men are by no mean of that hairy, high-cheekc' t-ou-noosed and ucl -eyed ldnd identified in the popuLar mina 'with their name; andfar.different are they from the long- d, round.-headae lancers: on scragwIponies wlho so ong kept watch and iward over us from Canroberta-hill. These w osacks are well muted and well clad, and 'would aiord to the strnger avey imefect notion of wihA the Conic"; are 'who plunder and bum in -the front oin advancing enemy, Xweep away its suppies,- and hover rouna it to do -anything but- -f*t - leos - at- some enbrmous vantage. Suggestin-g som. s liken_m and- comjparwons, there folows aftihese 400 Coss a large boay of the haeits swUcs e. horseback and in uniform, ti and two, lbeadd by the Marsl of the Nobility for the di*' trict of M>osw. .Nearly all of thee nobles are i4i military ifMalomthocli who are not wear theld Rusiau boyard's dress, a nnicgluning wit precious stones,g belt itiddediia and high- caps with aigreic of Wilianta.- OQa thi b.reast s: oda, sta~, cras,-ribaad: inumeale-Lucinbik Ilao ins Galtia W eiuoyn dl.bsasofli -m' tlhe--iT! i- i Mwolb name usiolm ow iWaoimr Barope be&t un.lst eury aeter' jg lAMfkue on their backs, the rulers and mate of millioa.of their fellow mami; but, bd3liant as they ,ae, at intere they excita aoon pmase a*ay whe h neAt
TAE ,AUS7 ALD,IA PADr, L1A3 T,: (ri, px . U~ . w g.o ~* , ....) . . The dav af h,terntheehi,gup ofgournaii for the Royal Charter, viz., tth 2p WoflMy; the two.Eoasas of- the Iegislatu,e met for the fint time under 'the ,newr_ Constitation. .TJ,-eppeiHouse sat in_ neir -iron b,uilding, whichforisa wing.,corresponding .ts' the old council chamaber,, -atd there, afterf -mutual uwnet2ng.im of cou,neilors ,by special comrmissionesj3, thfe Chief Justice, as, President of the. Legislative Council, invitce4,- througk.a minmic -.embassy of an Usher of tle:Black Rod, the .elected members of the. legislative Assembly to' visit theG Council, and.he then requested thenit.to organize. 1hemselves by electing a Speaker, previous to. any- message ffrom the Governor being delivered. This assumption of the ways and fashions of the-House of Peers is not: accepted as palatable -by many of the, elected members of the. Assembly, however ready they .may be to. asnume. Al-the privileges attributed ,to the Coamons in the Imperial Parliament. The ladies,. also, who iin fair galaxies. attended this moinentous inauguration of. ihe representative system. .n Australia, absorbed too much room and too raany. chairafrbrithsiimnihonedlegislatorstoallowincipient :statesmnen to preserveperfect equanimity. - In their fir.t vote, )nor.eover,- they did.not *evince absolute, ^-wsdom by selecting-by a casting majority of 1 vote' (ther6 being4 24 members to 23) Mr. Daniel Cooper as Speaker,<insteed of Mr.-Watson Parker, who for 10 iyearhd Nl D&foimea the - duties of Chairinan of Committees to the higiiest- satisfaction o- the whole * colony. The ' present Speaker suffers fiogn very -weal health, and,.although of great repute both for his shrewdness, his liberality, and his . wealthf never as wet has devoted much of 'his attention. oreven of his tie to Parliament. He !'distinctly declared- that his present position was the -onry object of his ambition, and as he was twice ' ode-red- by MIr.- iDonildson -.the i ,portant office of -Colonial Treasurer, we may presume that he has suflicient ability in time to acquire the knowledge of the duties of Ihis elevated function. 'On Friday, the 23d of May, the Governor read his Message, whiclh-offers a favourable- comparison with many a Royal Speech; and tLe personal opponents of the Ministry forthwith complained that it out-liberalized the _iberals ; but they forgot that the Premicr, Mr. Donaldson,;has been a. very iberal member of the old Legislature for years past. Very long.dehates on the Address ensued in the Legislative .A.ssserably) and mnany were the warm 1passages-atarms betwreen var.ious of the old and of the new members. -Mr. Donaldson made a long and effective speech, showing how lie had acted bond fi £de to enable Parliament to meet, by obtaining colleagues, to act as an executive council, and thus enable the Governor to nominate the Upper House and. constitute the first Parliament of New South Wales, to whose arbitrament.lie entirelysubmitted. Various amendments of Ur. .C. Cowper were discussed and rejected; one, nearly verbal, by 27 to 21 votes, but the other, savourig of repudiating the pensions of old officials (under the New Constitution Act itself), was defeated by a majority of 10-viz., 29 to 19 votes. The Address, echoing the Message, was eventuaUly carried by 30 to 18 votes. I had formerly mentioned that the "banded" Radicals were about 20, and events have shown that I was correct; as, also, by M1r. Donaldson's speech you will see my letter verified in regard to iEnisterial combinations, attempted and effected, since January last. The Ministers have now to submlit themuselves to the ordeal of re-election, and a strong opposition will be made to the Premier for the SydneyEHamlets.
LORD CAIDiGAN? AT tEDs.-The B rni7er- has an excellent article upon the late dinner to Iord Cardigan at. Leeds, over which Mr. Edmund Beckett Denison preaided The chairman, however ,is throughout described as "MT. Denion," y whih desgnajin Mr.John vely~n at present in Scotlanrd, ankd. -wnhoally. uobenoDeniston is castigation righteously administered tohr. Beckiett Denison. Tnx BAIs?fACLE3 F<ray.-Thero was Mr. Tite Barnacle, from the circumlocution-office and Xews-street Gros-venorsquare, wviththeepensiveMrs.TiteBarnacle si;e Stiltstllkdng whomnade the quarter-davs so long in coming. and the three -expensive Mliss Tite Barnacles, double loaded with accomplishments and,ready to go off, and ydmoet noton off with the sharpness of ilash and bang thtnht a, been expected, but raLther ha nging fire There wYarcle Junior, also from the CircuimlocuLtion-office, leaving th Tonnage of the c6unrtiy,hichlie was somehow supposedtc takbe udeorhis protection, -to lokafter itself, and, sooth t say, not at all impaiiingthe efficiernx of his p rotection by leavig it alon.d Terewas thie n Y Barnacle, derivin frni onthe sprijhtlyside of onfam ilalsofrom the' Cr,cmyoction-office, gaily and agreeably helping the occasion along, and treate it, in his sparling way, as oner of the official forms and foees of' th Churh IXeartment of How not to do it. There were three otherYoung Barnacles, *fromthree other offices, ginsipidto ad the senses, and terribly in want of seasoning, doing the marriage as they would have "'done"thie Nile, old:Rome, the new singer, or Jerusalem. But there was greater. game t-han this. T'nere was Lord DecimnusTite Barnacle himself, in the odor of Ci.urclocuio-ihthe verysmellofD)espatch-boxes upon him. Yes, there was Lord Deciius Tite Barnacle, who had risen to official heights on-the wings of one indignant idea, and thea was, mny Lords, that 'I am yet to be told that it beho7es a MfinisterofthisfreeCountryrtoset boundstothephilanthropy, to cramp the charity, t-o'fetter the pu'blic spirit, to contract the enterpriae, to damp the indepedent aself-reliance, of its people. That-wasinotherword, tat thisgreatstateman was always yet to he told that ito behovd the pilot of the shpe to do anything but prosper in the private loai and fsh trade ashore, the crew bDin -able, by dinit of hardpmnpi to keep the ship above water without him. On this sulime discovery, in the great arbtHow not to do t Lrd Decimus had long sustained 'the highest gloryv of the Barnaula family; and let any il-advised mnember of either Hou-se hut iry How to do it, by bringing ina bil to do i, that bill was as good as dead and buried 'hen Lord Decimus Tite ,Barnm.cle rose up in hiis place, and solemnly siid, soaring into indigna ho as the circumlocution cheering roared around yet to he told, My Lord, that it behoaedi Ja the ir of this free country, to set hounds to the philanthropy, to cramp the charity, to~ fetter the publ-ic spirit, to ocontract the enterprise, to damp the independent self-reliance, of its people.-. The discovery of this befhovn ahin was the discovery of the political pe pea motion. It never wore out, though twa al ginle ound and round in al l the ni er nt n there, with his noble friend and rnedatv Liord vecimus, was William Barnacle, who had made the ever-famous colition with Tudr StilthtaltIieg, and who wayskep redy his own particular recipe for How not to do somet tapping the o Speaker, an d driwia git fre sh ou m "Birst I wll beg you, Sirto informa te ouse h Pe cedent we have for the course int -thich eon. gentle. man-would precipitate. us sk the ho.i. gentleman to fAvour him ith-his ow eso fthe Precedent; sometimes teling the h., gentle e i liam Barnacele) would search for areclieden-adotn times croahing_ the hon.: gentleman hlatontest,b telling him there was no recedent. But, r P'recipitate were, rxnder all circumLstances, t'he well-mnatched pair of battle-horss of this; able Circumlocutionist. No miatter that the unhappy hon. gentlemanhadbeentyihg invain, for 25years,toPreitate MizinaBarnacleintothils -william Barnacle slput ittotheoHouse, nd (at secondhand or so) to the country; whether he was to be precipitated into thisl. No miatterthat it was uatterly irreconcileable with the nature of thinigs and cours of events, th-At the 'wretched hossourable gentlemfan -could posiAbly- produce a Precedent'for this--Wiliam, Barnacle would .nevertheless than'k the bon, gentleman. for that -ironical, chieer, and would close -vith him uponi that issue, and would tell him to hiis teeth that there wasio Precedlent for this. lItuugh, perhaps, hr4eiojce htt6llaBral wisdom wan not hig-h'viwisomajor-the earth it bamrboozed would never ~have-been-Iiiade, br, if--miade ina zsab misake wold si.e esniie bln ad.Bet .Preoodeiit and ~ciitat toe~h htee&aDobjctiooutof most peopl w n he re,too,uke wa, ParlithentBarnace, lio l one,n p oe topxic_to return an- answer on anjfetber. It had donsa ~iminenseaaseid1sr,_zi_hought-him injo siglc asteeanwith 'the'l nilctinofie Anid there -loo was a sprieikImS oless 'dsiguiZed Parliameit&ryBarnacles who had net _asyot.got'a antig -anug, andwe ging through ther -probation to, prove -their..=ostlnszTes atea ~perce upon stairases and hidinipanams, w'alting.their. 'Aul their hearing, and obing an-d' chei~and brig under Ldirections 16om the- bes.di of family; an 'they put dummy motions oh the paeri the wa of m 'snsntos n hyaalddsgea le)ub -jects off unil-late in the 4iht, and late in the sesion, and. -then, wihitosarsiu,criedout that it was toolte and thiey Went Ldown into the. oouaiy whenever they 'were s6n! sand smWrs that liord Decimus had revived trade fromi aszweonaznaoornixlree from'~- afit, and haddoubled-tie harvrestof corn, ouadrupled' the.ha%rv~estof hay, and a- 'vented no endl of jold from flyimno of_ the Ban. X m these Barnacles '*ere -dealt Lby fie heads of the famaily", like so many-cards beow thne oort-aa topblic nei~ 3nd&dinne ; wFiere tho 'bori e tfsimoss to all sort.sof ser-~ 'vc~oathi Tart of their riWOMe n orltvs anid WCu"eedte iftaee oh Uora am tQ-e W& Leh -Ada theay stood hider adijularorders,at All- sork- of, 01"Ostis anditheyjurned ut.of tb'i w et ot.so-ak oo n h Snot'uresosabl .tr,a tm -etinolae- ngie~ and ithi ad kheaps of dirt, and 'were id&ib.h& ~ I ,efrios - and there was snot a is Inauh forleM. offceOWIpaoe tha injt fail vauantayweeitnhaa c entur7, from a Ice ofVd the Tresary toaCne osuii up sgasnt Governor-GeMI eaoflda bI ,aa.luu e xuch plaoea. the names of same ec vr a itm inxuzV,; and adheaive>BMAanale VWer on-A*e--
GLO.CsT-E MUSICAL L YEIST L I -., - I .~ _ - -o -. - (F,ROM oul~. Owx,mX3POR=RL). - h aleinual inzg of t}ie choirs of Woretr, We( fe,. andy Glootar coe-m_ae ite-merowr, under the- m;i fatogzabIe aaaicee. -The suaceas of tis WA Glooggter f s- tinl was zo great tat a larger-numb.s of gentleaw-aykUteered to uiidertlk the aibiflties aid. stewardship fori the next tham w*a ervr xernemibered beore. -This a asuddenIrn ogoodfortme, sinoweot longprevioaus tt,liai Liversofo1853 verygemanlfeahadpteviledthl The allialzdehratlona-se1sjsefalat,mnos to chsidty,3o .d, and to the mainteu.nce of good.fellovthip aong-ti#bitants of the three counties-were n the point ofdiaaotiion. Sh:ild t1it .ever' 'be the c it will be deplbie& bj anfriends of the' Church of England. who, alive:to the diA. crepancy which exists -between tbe 'services and-' p'a of its hvanbler-muigikers, are' aware how poor £- profpect N in store 'for their wives.and children wh6m,tic 13na dispenrstion of Providene mnay At any moment tura into-widows auld 6rphas The Church itself might gracefully do inure for those who toil so hard, and yet- x4fp so little that i mnany instances it is' wonderfal how ithey manage to provide' for' their --iidividual Int,. t sey ynothing of the wants of others; It hzs, ketertheless, beea suggeded that the -wealthy inhabitanti of the ,dioceees might, contribute to- the charity ju as well without the festival as with it. ,By abandoniug the medtings of the choirs, it has been urg-ed, the sto -prejudice of'many who believe, or affect to believe,,the cathedral desecrated byiijicuskl perfonmaoices vould iiio loger be -offelided; iud thus addidtion.l aid would be'iEsnredt6othe cause in whicb il. pa*tis iiaut natoralyfee aninterest. Bit tresearguments- haebeen justlyoverruled. The higher clergy and the most cultivated clases of the laity=ae happily endo'wed ewith no santc bigoted Siews, an; refuse to admit thit Thescssiul is not as eloquent a sermon aS wasever preached-from -thepilpultit To-listen tothat sublime work -in: -a - bnedless or irreverent spirit-to coime -away: -from its performance -withbut a feeling .oE edification-is; indeed, scarcely possible. p Fe- have iendered better. service to the Christian eause than Handel; few have- done. more, however indirectly, to strengthen conUvction in the truth and bewuty of the faith irculcated by our-Redeemer. Art could not be used -L i loftirppose; nd no other art has effected fob _eligiori what music his achieved throtigh the instrumentality of oe thessial To those who would- banisl The Vi esia rom 'the achurch, then, it may be fairly retorted-, lPreach better than Handel, if you can." Besides aU1 this the festival in no way interferes with the-adnil mistration of the charity, the expenses being- -wholly mnet by the' stewards, who are answerable for any' deficit that may accrue. The collection at the doors 6f the cathedral, after the morning serices and performances, is therefore handed over intact to the fund for the widows and orphans. lWhat more can be desired ' And why should not donations to the tharity be contrib'tted in the nidsto f festivities, as harsrlcs,Ito saythe least of lhen as they are alluring, at a time -when the cathedral choirs are met to try their united strength iafriendli emuilations and whmn the influential inhabitants of the three counties make social intercourse the compact; annually renewed, of closer esteem and amityl NTor does the argurent hold at present which was formerly adduced, vith a certainshow ofreason, ngainstthe oratorios-vi2, thati they interfered with the performance of daily service in the church. A cathedral service has been instituted on the mornings of Wednesday, Thur-sday, andFriday, at S o'clocl.~ during festival weel-, to vhich the publc are admitted free. This step gave very great satisfaEction in lgB3, and it is gratifying to find it establshed as a precedent. Mr. Asmott, organist of the cathedral, under whose direciion both the preliminary arrangements and the musieal' performances are conducted, his provided an attractive Droe gramme for his patrons. The principal vocalhstsinclude Mesdames Clara Novello, Viardot Garcia, Clare Hepworth;. Locliey, Temple, and Alboni-; Messrs. - I,ockey, Weiss, Thomas, Gassier, and Sims Reeves. Alboni has not appeared at the Glocester Festirl since 1847-her first year. in london-when she created an impression that is remembered even now. Altogether the list is highly promising and first-rate performances may be expected both of the sacred oratorios in the cathedral and of the secn-: lar music at the miscellaneous concerts in the ShirehalL The orchestra and choras will comprise, in all, 3WQ) players and singers;leaders, Nessrs. Blagrove and Sainton ;- organist., Mr. Townshend Smith (of Hereford Cathodal) , ceompanist, Mr. Done (of Worceetr Cathe.lral); con-- ductoi, Mr. Aimott. Fell cathedral s evice will be held to-' morrow, and a sermon in aid of the charity be preached bythe Eight. Rev. Lord Bishop of Glocester and BlistoL la-, the evening the firt evening concert takes place in thes Shire-hall, -to be followed- by a ball. On -Wedaneday. Elijah in the morning, and the seoond miscellancous concert in the evening. On Thursday the first part -of Haydn's Crecaioj 11ozfra s Bequierm, selections from Mendelssohn'S &gParl, Ar. Costa's E4i, .&c., in the morning, and the third and last miscellaneous concert in the evening. On. Frday morning 2c ZMcssica7 and in the evening a full-dressball at the Shire-hall, with vwich the festival terminmates. The Duke of Beaufort officiates as President, the Lords. Lieutenant of ths coumties and the Bishops of the dioceses as vice-presidents. The sale of tickets has been going on with more than usual success. The continued fine weathor and -tho bright prospects oE the harveet exercise a beneficial influence; and the railway companies, by estaiblshing special trains at convenient hours, for those vho feel inclined to come from a distance, are rendering good service. It is to be hoped that the tradesmen of Glocester, who are so mater ally benefited, will not be chary of their patronage; and that the proprietors of inns and hotls may be sufficiently discreet and merciful in their charges not to frighten away viitors, as is too often the case. It should always be borne in mind that the charity in a great measure fed by the music meetings is for the benefit of three who are entitled to the sympathy of every right-mninded person, and that the poor clergyman -who, morn out in the puruit of his avocation, quits this world for one in vThich he will not be called npon again to toil, 3nmu feel some satisfaction in the conviction that the vife and children he ieaves behind are not wholly destitute. These considerations appeal nore strongly than any other in behalf of the festival; and if the people of Gloceoter withhold their countenance and support, the more shame for them.
FEMALE HEROISM. TO ME EDITOR OF TlE TIES Sir,-An instnce of womanly presence of mind and n- manly p I ony occurred-at Southend on Saturday afternoon s, September 6. A gentleman haid engaged a bating-=achine and Jad swam out about 100 fee' from the machine, when -- a cry was heard- of "Save ?ne; save mel, He was attacked sith cramp; his arms wersunprightand'ngers extended. A young man swam ont to .nhi and oould have-brought him ashore had not the drowning man clasped him round and preventd further action; they both snk twice together.- -At this moment, a delislooking yonng wommna about 20 years of ag (Mss Emma Ingrame , restongat ihe foyalSouthend Bathe, neaothe tedr)ruhed intothe M ea ana sam out to them ieth rallh der tothis on, xndsucceedyd in holdiag both ap ntil a boat arngved asnd escued theom Te drowening man was taken ashore insensible, and the y g remediestwere applie with success; but what -as 1;he rewatd offered to this young 'woman, who had risked her own f f or a stranger9 and hat w the valw o this gentlemn'sn life9 Just one sbiliuz2g Ifor thaxt -as, the amount hetenderedto IIi ng*an, and has sinee added ingatitudc to his meann,-byatsig that he as lrot i such danger asuwas supposed. Somc gentlemen, who - siessed the tranaton, gave 'the youngwomoan toor thrtehalf-crows andthe iadae. who-we prtse- sat tolher that "cit wa the act of a Grace Derling." Although aM pod et trnj r to Nin Igam, your insertion of this lettor~ will- oblige, as the. saisfactin of haing her heroisnm recorded in tBe aolrn -of l7ic Tims, to be rea at the remotes a,art of the wrorld, will ho of itself a grati. fjingrwrd to her. Bet myr djetisIo~obtinforhera more tangible rewrd from -tose of 7our readers who may adinire such conduct; ad to~ drawr ae attnion of thoe Blloaluzie Sociey to the ci_enuIee beheg a- cae in whichx the aoiestysdal oul h n lyeow as a stimulus to furhef,r eneaticc.-- - - ~~ w Teas 1 t - - 4QUA. LT VITA. I i 901*. ZL,- , :: ;? -1 - !. - , I " ? - I
THEf UJYITRD STATES. MOU olm UEOIAL CoRwor-olmma.) NEW YORK, AUG. 26. 3 5ty L.; letter, dated from Washington, left the Federal city in the height of a "erisis." The scasion had closed aftera ranid act of legislation, in 'whch the arrears of months were overtak-en and dispozed of in a few hours; and the members were abOut to disperse to all Doints of the compas, when lhey were stopped by the President's proclamation, ma-l relegated to tha work of an extra sezsion. The cihief work was the vote of money for the arny, IVichtheElouehadpazed, coupledwithaconditional and restictive clause. This clause the Senate struck cut, insisting on. the supply, pure and simple; there Was obatintopemisistence on both sides, which various Conferences did not weaklen, and the hour of adjournnent anrived in the midst of a*tempts to effect au accommodation. This wva the sate of affairs on the 18th, and the extra session which opened on the lst has, so far, been blut a repetition of the votes and divisions of the last days of its predecessor. The :Rouse adheresto its proviso that no part of the funds for the support of the military power shall bs nPPlied to enforce the laws passed by the sparious L3fegiLare of Ransas. The Senate equally determine3 not to accept the condition; each body is in a state of negation towards the other, and thel two negatives are not equivalent to an affirmative. The two parties inthellouse are as nicely balanced as they were en the election of Speaker last winter, irhen the votes were taken wiith the same result, Or waut of result, for weeks together; and the diviadons in the different sittngs up to yesterday have shown the narrowest possible majorities in favour of the fettering proviso, such as 97 to 94, 96 to 94, 97 to 93, and similar close ruaning. Both parties are Calling up the members who have paired off; thus the conBict may last for many days to come, or may he determined by the slighte3t wavering, even by mere accident. While the question whether the soil of Kansas 2hall be slave or free is being thus fought Mt Wash3ngton by sotes, in the State itse it appears to be getting beyond all leggislation, and comin, to the last appeal of arms, in a civil war. There have been fresh hostilities between the Free State settlers and the imnigrants from Mi3souri and the Slave States, in which the foriner seem to have had the advantage. The accounts are so confused and contradictory as to be almost unintelligible; but that there has been some fighting, and that an armed band of Pro-slavery men has been driven from one of their positions with bloodshed on both sides, is ertain. It is even stated that a body of the United States' troops has been defeated by the rEee State settlers; another account says the troops rafused to act, which is more probable. Hitherto both sides have respected the Federal authority; the military commander had direct instructions to prevent the assembling of a second and rival legislature, which the Free State settlers attempted to bring together, but it is very possible the officers may not be authorized to carry on downright war with them, while it would require an army to keep the peace on all points in such a territory. Frontier wars and conflicts for the possession of Iand are nothing new in the history of the States; indeed, they constitute a large portion of their listory. ut6 they have hitherto been with the Indians, or with a foreign race, as in Texas, where, after some aighting, the dispute ended in a purehase and treaty. It is the mournful distinctionof the presentconflict that it is between fellow citizens, and not for the possession of the soil merely, bat whether it shallbe occupied under the system of slavery or of free labour. The Free State settlers are supported by subscriptions and imrigration from the north; the southern party has the advantage of greater proximity to the disputed land, and commands the great river communication with it. The nearest line of telegraph that approaches it is also in the hands of the South; from the details on both sides a large abatement must be made for exaggerations; but even with this allowance, the state of affairs appears to be growing rapidly worse, and deepening in violence. These are the outlying and remote developments of the great controversy; the nearest visible phenomenon is the detention of the Legislature at Washington; the supply of fourteen millions must be obtained, and though the majority asgainst it is vexatious it is not large enough to drive the Aidministration to despair. Several forms of compromise will be suggested within the next few days. This extension of the sesson is a kind of second harvest to the city and the hotel keepers, who exist by the Government expenditure and the cash of those brought to the centre of administration by business. They charge upon these funds with considerable boldness, and contrive to render Washington about the dearest residence iu the 'Union, except, perhaps, the fashionable watering places. It is an excellent locality in which to study that singular problem how it is the most populous cities are the cheapest to live in, and howv the more people there are to feed the better aud more easily it is done. The daily supply of a great metropolis like London or New York is effected as if by a law of nature; in places of one-twentieth of their population there is a scarcity, judging by prices, as if a Commissariat Department m=nagedthe business. On account of the expense of livmig at Washington thesalaries of allGovernment officialshave been gradually raised, and the members of both branches of the Legislature have, at last, increased theirr own pay for the same reason. There is a very large expenditure of money by the Goverment in public works, yet it does not Eeem to awaken so much enterprise as might be expected. the progress of the city is slow; by some caprice or perversity the st;ream of population wll not fall into the channels elaborately planned for it by engineers, but talkes its ovn way to points determined by chance. The real extension of the city is in ths official portion of it,-the pubEc depart. ments-and is being effected at the cost of the Treasury. So great has been the increase in the business of the central Administration, consequent on the rapid growth and spread of the population ard the addition of new States to the Union, that it h3ss outgrown the capacity of all the original office3 of: the Government. The Capitol is being enlarged on a scale of regal magnificence; the Patent-office, in which several' of the minor departments are included, a- vast edifce wit maive Greek poricos, is neariy completed; 'a new Treasry and a new Post-office are in progress. TIhe Capitol is at one end of the grand avenue, which is practically the whole city, *the President' house and the Treasury at the other, the Patent-officae and the Postoffice are between them; thus the thiee chief points of the city are growing, bult inorjete; - rewn -with blocks of graite and Mntble, and difigured for the present by-cranes, pullies, and Machiner - promisinga, but not perfect enoGh for the touristu' sketch book. On the whole the Republic h3s beer fortunate in its architecture; untrammelledbytrEdition,which with us has invested one style of bullding. with a halfsacred Sisorical character, it has wsely chosen Greek iustead' of Gothic models, and it is impoble to stand in the porch ol the Capitol, placed on the highest poinit ofE the city, without feelirg that the litnes, breadth, and simpicity of tha cT' ic styla are more adapted iO the secuaL puIposes of life tha- the semi-ecclediuatical fornI -we have aopted, with too Wtle0 dissmntiohl from thu vaas;1i The ;lines, and poportionsof Grucin z iictgprOe ma much mer eancient t the ptmhis! yei it nevec-1ooki old, and. a young country can adopt it without perpetrating any I apparent anachTonism. It also suits admirably tlhe clearatmosphere and brilliant sunshine of the Soutih. But, even with the sameadvantsgesof dlimate, we-d:o not adapt our%elves to them; we import the cloudy north and 'its historical moinumenLts into the very tropics, buildinig cloisters where no monk wa3 evor seen, and erectig a feudal castle for the governor of a colony at the antipodes. Against errors of this kind we seem perfectly hardened. - There is oily one piiblio building in Washington in which the insinctive preference of the Greciaa 3model has been deparEed from, and the result is suc' a monstrosity it is to be hop-ed it will terrify all futue artchitects from alny sBmnilar experiment. It is the Smitlsonian Institute, sprung from the endowment of an English gentleman who left ia handsome sum of money to the Government of the United States for the "increase and diffusion o.E knowledge among men." There was coisiderabIe difficulty about accepting the bequest, but aftez; much opp?sitifr the Executive wms empowered bg Congress to ta!ke and apply It a =ording to the will of the donor, and the Court of Chancery paid over, the amoint to the Washington Trary. Mr.\ Smithson (a natural son of the Duke of Northumberland) probably contemplated something like a fountain or source from which knowledge should be dispersed; but the whole affair looks more like a cistern holding a very maoderate amount of the arti-. cle, tapped occasionasly only for local ume. The building which unludcily stands in sight of the Capitol is a hybrid of many styles,, joined or rather jumbled together in a most " - lawful marriage of the art%`" Gothic, Norman, Lombard, and Elizbethan, a mass of petty and pretentious confusion, ugly without and inconvenient within. Tlhe basement is a monastic refectory, and the npper floor a mechanics' institute. There is a library anl Teading-room, and a gallery of portraits of Indianchiefs ; and during parb of the year lectures are delivered. But the whole place looks void of life, and the grounds about it are wild and neglected. It lias the air of failure in it; in fact, it is out of place. Iad it been attached to one of the TUniversities-Havard, for instance-it would have better fulfilled the intention of its founder. In a small town, all whose interests are absorbed in politics, it will do very little either to increase knowledge or diffuse it. The embargo laid onthe politicians at Washinton withholds many combatants from the operations of the "campaign" for thePresidency. Several senators and members were prepaed for eleotioneering tours, vwich are now' deferred. There hiave been two demonstrations here within the lsst week, oneof the United Demooratic party, in favour of AIr. Buchanan; the other of the Republicans, in support of Colonel Fremont. The former held their meeting at Tammany-hall, the old centre of the party, io which the different wards and districts marehedjn the evening with torches, banners, and music; before the hour of meeting rockets wer let off, cannon fired, and Drunmond lights burned as preliminaries. As the room would not contain all who assembled, several branch meetings were heid out of doors in the vicinity; the speeches inside the hall were moderate, both in facts and argument-two of them might have been dejivered in the Senate; one was a rather elaborate defence of the conduct of the Government with resnect to the difficulties in Kansas, the other a long statement oftheconditionaudlumbersof the United States navy. But some of the outside orators were more fervent. One gentleman, invisible among a mass of paper lanterns on the steps of the Cityhall, seemed to have taken the Ostend manifesto as his text, and insisted on "having Cuba," and, "perhaps, Jamaica with it." Had not the brass band drowned his voice, he might have " gone in" for the Isle of MIan also. It was a far greater demonstration than one described some time ago, which appeared to me a failure; oven on this occasion there was more organization visible than enthusiasm. The other gathering was I exclusively of the GermTan Republicans, who bhave taken the side of Colonel Fremont. In I this party m3ay be found several German names, familiar in the troubled times of 1848 and 1840. Froebel, who sat in the Frankfort Parliament, was arrested with Blum at Vienna, and narrowly escaped the same fate, was a spealker at this Freraont | meeting. Hecker, he of the "; Hat," which is still a terror to the police of Naples and other cities, and which has caused so much trouble to travelling Englishmen wearing "wide-awakes," peace-loving Quakers, and others who incautiously assumed a heterodox breadth of brim, lends his pen to the movement. There are other nmes, less known, in the ranks. They have generally voted with the Democratic party, but have now abandoned it, on the ground that it has been too ready to malke a compromise with the supporters of slavery. The chief aversion of the Germans, however, is Fllmore and the Know-nothings, who have proscribed foreigners, and denounce their competition with native laboow. The Germans also oppose all attempts to compel men to total abstinence from beer and wine on the 2A[aine Liquor Lawprinciple, which law, by the 'way, has utterly broken down. One of their transparencies on this occasion bore the words, (IKeine Temperenz7-no temperance, which, however, must not be misunderstood. It only meant to protest against temperance on compulsion. The Germans have introduced two things, for which the Americans ought to be grateful-good music and Bavarian beer. One is improving the public taste, and the other increasing its sobriety. The consumption of the light beer of Germany is extending in New York so much that it has considerably checked the use of ardent spirits. After their meeting broke up the Germans formeed a torchlight procession along Broadway to Union-square, where they threw their torches in a heap at the foot of the statue of Washington to make a bonfire, and then dispersed. Though both these large assemblies of men of rival parties were parading the chief thoroughfares of the city for some hourso the same evening no collision or hostilities of any kind ocurred. The old " Charter Oak " of Connecticut, which stood near the city of Hartford, was blown down on the 21at by a gale of wind, to the gat regret.of the inhabitant. In 1686 James I. dissolved the Government of the Colony, and demanded the sarrender of the original eharter granted by Charles H. in 1662-a very liberal one, so much so that it *ould never have passed through the "proper department " of a much more recent age.' When required to : surrender it the Governor and council refused, even resisting the terrors of three several. writs of ouo svcarranto. Whitehall was a long way off in those days. On the 31st October, 1687, Sir Edmund Andross and a guard of 60 soldiers entered Hartford to seize the charter bv' force, if necessary.' The sitting of the Assembli was judiciously protracted till evening, when -the Governor and Council appeared about to yield the precious document; it was brought irn and laid on the table. Suddenly the ights wrere put outand all wvasdarknessand silence; when the candles .were again lighted the chater had vanished- The Council had not refused to give it up, but it was gone. The Governor was deposed, nevertheless, and the Royal orders carried out ; The charter had in the meantime been coneealed in a gigantic oak; .on James's abdication the instrument was reproduced,the old Governor re-elected .under it, and it re- mained -the 'organic law of' the colony till MM18.' From this incident spruang the, veneration of the people for the "' Charter Oak It i s supposed t, bav e 'been a 'very old tree when Amarica * lwdiscovered. The day after the tree was blown; down. the city band played solemn mui over its trIk c for tw-o houas, and 61he city bells tolled at sunSet itta zoken of t'he public wrrow.
YOIazG INTEBLI6E'PI0. ,,_----- ~ FRANCK i ~'~ ~ (moMS oUR 0WN COoIRICi0D1rMM) gThe fimoo ,g1ppeured in ourt seoondedition-'of-ye terdhy :-1 S iuce th.termnation, in 1848, o0 the anortAlous order-of things gi .;hich Neu"dAS wag at -once's mesnber of the Swiss Federation and a pincipality unaer theI 2vereignty of the Kg of 1Rllia;by whom its Government -was appointed, the desires and efforts of the aristocratic or u party hEve beenponstantly directedooring th, canton to the condition- then abolished This wish,it is well known,was entertained by many of the most iiduential and respectable persons in the country, vAb submitted only with reDugnance to the new rfgim- introduced- by the Raical party, and who, probably, 300ner than see it endure, would have been 'wriu1ing to detach Neuchidel altogether from the Federation and convezt it into a Prlssian * provinte. Without discussing the wisdom or investigating the motives of this preferenco of the quality of a Prussian subject to that of a Swiss citizen, we find in recent events pretty strong evidenco that it was shared but by a nuumerical minority of the Neuchatelese. If the hope and intention of the instigators of the late insurection were Teally to detach the canton from theFederatieo and maintain the- severance by force of arns, notbing certainly could have been muore abortive than the attemnut or more ill-chosen than the season. The Federal government is notoriously and resolately opposed to a reaction at Neuchatel, and would put forth its whole force sooner than allow that canton to separate itself from the others, and so to damage the integrity of the natural frontier of Switzerland, formed on that side by the Jurarange. Now, it so happens that- this year the annual camp of manceuvres for the Federal army is formed atYverdun, in the Pays de Vaud, closetothe Neuchatelfrontier. Sapposini,therefore,thatthe first successof the insurgents had been maore lasting than it proved, there would quickly have been brought to-bear against them-a force so superior in numbers and discipline to that at their commnand that they could not possibly have resisted it. This, however, was not necessary. I1t was no very difficult exploit to get possession by surprise, in the dead 'of the nigt; ofX -such a ton and citadel as those of NeuclrtteL. With that success the triumph of the insurrection ended.: The great point was to keep what they had got, and to do this they zoon proved totally unable. The Democratic party was speedily on foot, and under arms, and then the numerical inferiority of theg Royalists became evident. Although at kacle, the chief town of the Chauxz-de-Fponds, a demonstration was made in a similar sense to that at Neuch&tel, that district showed itself generally byno meansinclineatotheviewso'thePrussianparty.; and there and in the Val de Travers, bodies of volunteers mustered, and speedily, and without any aid from the Federal troops, which were already on the mxch to the scene of action, put an end to the insurrection, and replaced the deposed authorities. On first consideration it appears as if this atterapt to change the Government of NeuchAtel, and place -the canton on a new footing, had been engaged in rashly, and without the least probability of success. If -the character of some of the chiefs makes us hesitafe to admit this, we are left the alternative of supposing that they had been betrayed, or had deceived themselves as to the support they -might reckon on or the sympathies their cause enjoyed. It possibly, however, was not the expectation of the Royalists that they should long be able to maintain the Prussian flog which they hastened to hoist on the castle and public buildings of NeuchmteL That their discontent has been testified, and a manifestation made, -perhaps satisfies them, and maybe as much as they reckoned on accompEishing for the moment. It wrillbe remembered that, towards the close of the Paris Conferences Baron Manteuffel attempted to get the question of lenchhtel taken into consideration by the Gongress,' speaking of it as one of high^ interest . (int6t majCu)') for his Court and for Europe, and observing that that principality wvas, perhaps, the only poin; in Europo where, in contravention of treatiess and of what had been formally recognized by all the great Powers, a revolutionary power prevailed in contempt of the rights of the Sovereigu. The position of Prussia at the Congress was not such as to give her large claims to favour or indulgence, and the demand of her representative that the Neuchatel queaion should be one of those submitted&to exaiinationwasput aside and rejected, as having no right to be introduced in that place. If, as there are grounds for believing, the late insurrection was got up by agreement and in concert with the Prussian Government, its true object mna possibly have been to show that discontent existed, to revive and give prominence to the question. and to provoLeits settlement. Previouslyto the war with Russia, the Royalist party was, I know, earnestly agitating that question by more pacific means than those to which it has just had recourse. Like some other subjects of greater importance, it has been submerged and lost sight of in the flood of events of the last two or three years, and the Royalists may perhaps have organized th e recent armed manifestation as a means of bringing it again to the surface, in hopes of its decision in their favour. The Swiss aundFreuch newspapers give various detaiWs of- the little fight at lNeuchttel, and some of them state -the killed and wounded on the side of the Royalists as high as 60 or 70 persons, which is probably an exaggeration. One of the Pourtales is said to be badly wounded. Colonel de Meuron is reported to have escaped, and Count de Wesdehlen to be a prisoner. The latter is not, as a journal asserts, a Prussian, but a Neuchttelese by birth and descent. He was for some years in the Prussian diDlomatic service, and: attached to legations at Madrfd and elsewhere. It is said also that Prussian officers assisted in the in-. surrection, and that, for some time past, non-conmissioned officersof that country havo been in-' troduced into the canton as gardeners, coachmen, &c. This story needs confirmation. With the exception of the persons I havenamed in thisletter, and that of yesterday, the principal leaders of the itmovement are believed to have escaped. Colonel' de Meuron is described as a daring and able officer. He is of an old Swiss military family, some of whose memibers have (if I do not mistake) held commissions in the British service, 'I extract the following detaius from the Bernese journal, La Suisse:- - "We havenow the exact numbers of the lossesexperienced bytheinsurgentsoQthe4th inst. There rel5a dead and 18 wounded. - Among the- former is a young Count de Pourtales. Colosn& Frederick de Pourales, chief of the insurrection, is dangerously wounded, and a prisoner. 'Up to yesterday the number of prisoners exceeded 100. Since then numerous other arxests have -b een made. The Republicans are exasperated. Itwould be diffieult to expressallthe energy the Federal Commissioners and Colonel Denzlerhaa to exe0t to restrain the patriots, who wanted to miao an end of ti e 3?russian party. "The printing establishment of Wolfrat, where the Royalist organ, the A'encc&eZois, was edited, has been sacked and burned.' To-day the Vaudois and Bernese battalions have arrived at Neuch&tel.. Colonel Deozler has assumed the cormnd of all the Republican troops. The Federal troopsa we under the orders of Colonel Bonrgeois. : "Yesterday Count Saignac, the French ilnister, h a an intxeview S1ith IL Stem>pi. The reoit of this visit .is not knbown, but it cerainly was connectidwith late events. ' In the following paragraph a Prus3ian -paper, the MmlbefekZ Gazette, an explaition of the motives o .theNeuchAtelRiyalists tintaking upa-s:-._ , "The intolerable oppression .of the Republican Govern. ment, the enormous imposts awl, arblitrary acts of al&lU ind, have given to the Royalists the courage to try the fortune of. arms in the midst of'20 republics. ThePrtsiaa Sovereign'have always respected the very ancient institutions of that principaliy- Thdenmovemnents'of183OandilSSmade a great ;number of Royalists emigrate t6 the capital of Prusis., Among these were Counts Pourtales and Wesdehlen and the Chancelor Fewarger, who hba .piublished a memolr on the - Principality." ' The Neuchatel dical joiirnal iltdpendant? gives long details of the insurrection and combat, but they are hastily written,' and bear the stamp ofa srong partisAn' feeling. According to this -paper thpere were only nine personsIdlled(two of-them belonging to the Ilepublican par.) iiiad 15 wouided. I believe this wiil be fouhi to be'"about correct; ati least, it agrees with' my private. infonnation, or' which I -have 'every- resoii to['rely. The Iadipedwait. ani other journ1as say that-a po-ket'-bookhas falleou intothe handsof the authorities,belonlgingtam. de Poutales,j and- contiinin' his correspondence. with the ipincipal' oyalist 'ldef's and' with theu. Prussianf Uovern;eat; aid' lits .o'f-his supporters. A hl.- 'RoeifiT,also a le'ader 'of-the 3novemenf, as mid to have been macle prisonker. * - - ' - | -- -The. Nouvd,iste 'Yaudo we - an scount of te measures adopted for the purpoeo of raiing the contingent of 'the Federalarmy, destined to' operate aig;st-Neuchitel Itsays:- - I ' "'MTb' sttraerg 6f -Liske' lehchAtal werer al plt' into rquisition fot the Pederal military serrice. The Jura stationed s ine the 3& inst. in the port of Yverdun, *M11 serve to convey the troops of .Vaud; the Wengi, which left NeuhItel on tha 3ad at 4 p.m., -vtlout the 1parmissien of the Prussin authorities reached 'Yverdm at 7 o'clock, sad was d nedaa there by' order of Colonel Bourgeois. ' At -3. o'clock on the following morning, the Wengi proceeded to Estavayeri the, rendezvous of the two -Ber. eae b%ttalions. The- skeletona of thogea batialions, quartered at Yverdn,. had left, ia the afternoon of the 3d, for Estvayer. Paasengers who arrived in the Wengi ofted 'that the greatest trhnqllit prevailed at -t.euchftel duting the e hoi e of the 3d. hoyalist patrols er- ambulated ai tih, town, and M. de Meuroa aid his Staff p- raded tha streets with pistols in their belts. 5ome'Prussaxn oTficers were believed to be onm the - .gordern sued on the 3dfor the mnvelization of tho tw b talions of Vaud wter executed w.ith the greats promaptitu de. At 8 @ci'lock in the morning' of the 4th soldiezs full,v armed acd eqeipped,wvere seen along the whole rs.lway line; The Yverdu.n train l?rcnghs t,o Morg,es and 1.usnne the 'weggOns for the conve,vance of troops. At 9 @_o'lock thres -compnies of the 50th Battion weradrawaup before the Lausanne terminus, and at 10 the rin std th them, amid the acclamations of the troops and spectators." We read in a Berliu letter of the 4th imst. iAlthough the revolution which has tal-en Tilce' at -leachitel was not directly instigated by Prusiat, It is no' the less true that communications have existe for some time with the Royalistpr'cy in that canton, and that' several more or iess oficial deputations haYe arrived here and been received by the Government. The raoment the news of the triumph of the Royalists at Xeach&tel resched Berlin a courier was detched to the Sing, to gsk his opinion at to tbe Course to Pued. ItisprEable, from the well-kmown sentiments of HisM ajesty, thatPrussia.Vill support the revolution effected at Neuchatel." THE MDITERRAN"IU . (FROM OUR OWNr coRisrONDNT.) MARSEIIS, SErP. 60 The merchants of MarseiUes, having ascertained that the wheat harvest-iPill not be sufficient for tiie -home consumptioa of all -P snce, 'are beginning to -suggest to the Government, through their local papera,-that a repeal of the corn lawI is indispensable, or at least an extension of the nmape ial decree which permits the free imaportation of corn, and which will expire on the 1st of January next.- They observe that, although 2,000,000 hectolitres of -wheat have been imported within the last two months through the port of Marseilles, it will be impossible, by the end of the year, to supply the deficiency which exists, and to execute the orders for exportation already received. The Spanish Government has prolonged the period for the free importation of corn unti the 30th of June next, and the Marseilles merchants ask why shotld France be less liberal than Spain. Another bad consequence apprehended from the delay of the Government in issuing a decreoto prolong the period for the free importation of cornx is that the holders *of 'Wheat will not bring their stocks to lmarket, and the present high prices will be mainained. The Council General of the Flerault, which hla just closed its session, has voted a resolutiorn in fa.our of free trade. Among other reasons given. by the Council for adopting tins resolution it observes that the existing(ustoms tariff inconsequence of the multiplied restrictions it contains, and the obstacles it opposes to international commerce, is by no tneans consistent vith the rapidly increasing trade of the country as regards agriculture and manufactures. The Customs tariff moreover, is injurious to French manufacturers in various ways, both by preventing them from obtaining artick' of first necessity at a cheap rate, and by damping that spmfi of competition which always produces tho best effect. The Council further grounds its resolution on the fact that the reduction of duty on various articles decreed by the Emperor has given universal atisfaction. - The Prefect has announced to the inhabitants of Marseilles that on the Ist of October next a sale by auction of Crown lands will take place at Oran, in Algeria. They re -divided into . 25 lots, and form altogether an extent of ,128 hecares,i equal to 2,800 English acres. They are sitate on the two banks of the river Habrah, in a vast plain. The land is' remarkable for its fertility, and so many demands of grants have been - made to the En~peror that he has determined to sel it by public auction. The session of the Council-General of this depart. nient terminated on Tuesday last by a sumptuous dinner given to the Prefect. There were b'ut two toasts drunk-one to the Emperor, and .the'seeond to the Prefect. T. de Chanterac, President of the Council, in 'proposing.-the Emperors health, observed that, thanks to the Emperor, France has reconquered her. glory and her legitimate influence. The people of Miarseilles in particular are fialed with 6dsiration and gratitude, seeing that by the 'Emperor's &enius hehms flled their port with commercial ships:o6m" eiery nation on the globe. ; -. Joyeux, a young engineer of this town, has invented a new steam engine, which it is said will Iffect a saving of 80 per cent. in the consumption of fueL M. Joyeuix-has obtained a patent for his invention, and has been further permitted by the E3npercr to submit his plans to the Minister of Commerce, 'in order that, they may be referred to a special commission. A mrodel of AL Joyeuxls steam engine is being construceted at. a foundry specially established for that purpose in Marseilles. * Trade has been somnewhat~ more active this week at Mfarieilles. There has been a considerable amount of business transacted in raw sugar. 4500 casks of East Iudian sugar.were sold in bend at 42£. the 50kIlogrammes, 1,400 casks of Havannahat 44f., and 350 hog,sheads from St. Jago at 44f. on board. . Holders of wheat have, in consequence of the immense 'supply arrived from the Black Sea, somiwhat abated their demands; but buyers are few, I and not' inclined to speculate. 9,000 hectolitres of Taganrog wheat were sold at 27f. 50c. the hectolitre for imunediate delivery, and 9,000 hectolitres at 26f. 25c. for time. There is little doing in Wines and brandies.' Spirits of wine are quoted at from 175f. to 18Sf. the hectolitre. A conumercial letter from Galatz. of the 22d of August, announces a decline in the price of wheat. ldaize and barley are firm, in consequence of orders from England. I- -' - ' PRUSSIA. I - rFRsOr OURa OWN consamroNDnxr.Y I .I- . . - i .BRIBERLIN, I The victory which the Royalist party in the prin- cipality, or, more properly speaking, tho canton of -Reuchfltel, cbextrived to gain, by surprise on the 3d inst. has been but shortlived;'the IRepublican party Ireguned possession of the Schloss on the 4th, and of all the authority of which the possession of that " tower of slenglh' is 3 the'outward evidence.. It may be necessary to explain that :the principality wwas up to the year 1848 under tha protectorate .of the Crown of Prussia, to whom it fell 'as an inheritance from the House of Orange; in that revolutionary year,' however, the -N!euchltelese 'threw off the allegianee they had hitherto owc&to their Prince Protect&o-, and joined the othei cantons of. Switzerland. unconditionally, it having 'differed frgm the others up to that time by its qws nionarchical forma of government. The King of Prussia has, however, never rsigned himserl to look upon this principality as irrevocably Ilt to his crown,"but has talken step, on various ooaions, to get-hi right to it aekuowledged'by the other Powfers .of .EUrpe , an d, no later than at the Paris Conferences Od! this year, Baron von iteufel took occasion to mention it as one amoncg the many instances' of .existing irong tat' could only be righted by an Europan Cong7ress.. In the meantime the-spirit of the pdpuIntibn''eesto have becoome inore and more republican, aid-the number of those of theinhabitaiits who desire to resume their allegiance to their formerI Prnce Protecter to be avery small mimnorityindeed; how small it.was the partyrobably neve-l knew -till nbow that ithas made an at. terpt at a 'couter:revolutiofi and failed. Ad fer as-tho iiews goes that' 'We iave as yet received, the: Royalists' succeeded- in- surprisi ag, number ofthe cantonal . Councillors. in they' 'Schloss .'7 Neuchatel, wand keeping them. prisoners,; on the idght of the-3d inst.; information of this event and df th-e Prussian colours tlyingat the Schlois, having' reached Berne, the Federal Council 'caled upon the local Government to direct on KNeudchtel two battalions of .its troops that wereabout to arch-:to a maanceuvre; and. 'as subsequent intelligonce informs us that on the 4th-the Schdlo.ss wiaken by ;steorn on thi par of the'!4publicains, who surrounlded-it and 'the town on all sides, it would appear as j ii these troops, and others mentioned as having ibz-puin motion, had duly arrivdl-aInd sac- wolr ked out their 'task.' AllThat iaat .resent knowaof tis reoubtable siege yandl storm * tht sevegl lives ihaye beenlO and still tore LIt edesdy th.e wEol :o£ th3 viotw to Heligolawl were astonihed by the Governor's isuing ian unexpected order to close the gambling table that hau been established there every sesoan forthe lais 30 6aii - :- is is, probably, in coquence of a letter *hich ieently apper i yur Coluxns.- - The King, Queen, ana the Rogl Princes are still absent in the eAstern provisnces, where the usual autumnmantenvres Jf the -st and 2&- arm& corps are being held- the Idke of I Saxe-Coburg puaaed Through here the ~day before yesterday on. li xwsy thither to join themn. Tho-Prinss of Priia ad PRrinces-Louisia are expbcted to arrive here 'his evening from Coblents, to superintend th re r- tions for the coming wedding. Baron von Budberg leavesherenext Ta&day for hisnepost at Vienna. - To-morrow tnrning,at 10 o'cock there is to be Divine service at the chipl of the Rusi Embasty, in commemoration of -the eronation, whlch wvill at that timne be golng on; at osowir. ITALY. r A' letter from Nice states that the DoNwigEmpress -of Russia -is, expece in that city on the 15tn of October. Her iMaet islto 6ccupy the large hotel situate opposite the Croix de Marbre, a monument erected in commnemjration of the interview which took place- on tht spot between Francis L-and Charles V. The suitaof thelEmpress, which will' be brilliant and -numerous, is to be installed in four -houses contigaous to the imperial residence. The Empress, being in mourning -willI not give grand fAs. She will confine heslf to receiving a small number of oersnago Vwo are Ao take up their residence at N9ice during the 'winter. Among -them. are Prinoess GalitriA-Italinki, daughter of Souwaroff- Princes Traheskoi; Eourakdn, Chitchagow, Oklol4 and Sobieaki; Cou-nt Gre. goxy Babkin,-the first violoncello in Europe, an amateur, and pupil of Romberg; andd the brothers Bohrer; Colonel Spertroff; the -Pxincesses Ostro-- lenka, St1'rbey, Oldenbiurg, and the Grand )uchess of Cl.denburg..- The Russian General Todtleben, who is now visitingthe fortress of Rastadt, has been-invited to Turin by General dlla-M3rmorm. The Sardinian. Mnister of War, it appears; is anxious to consult that distinguished engineer on the new works about to be erected for the defence of Alessandria. The Archduke Leopold arived at Verona onL the 2d inst., on a tour of inspetion of the fortsesses of T,he province of Vicenza. Monsignor lEanchi, Archbishop of Theasaloniea, presented to the Grand Dluke of Tuscany. on thet 1st inst., his credentials as Apostolical Internuncio to the (Grand Ducal Cou}rt. - Letters from Boo1gna, of thelst inst., state that The greatest part of the Austrian troopsin garrson in that city have been encampedfor some days in the neighbourhood, at Tizzno, Pontecchioj and Sas3o. The Austrians give out t hat it is for the purpose of exercising them and executing grand man,cuvres in autumn. A subscription for the purchase of the 100 guns of Alessandria had been opened at Rome, notwithstanding the measures taken by the police to prevent it. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 3d inst. The azetMe publishes the Royal decree dissolving .the Constituent Assembly. It is as follows:- "I declare the sittings of the Constituent Coraes, convoIe& by ayRoyal decree of the lth August,1854 t be defnitively closed. and thefinissionterminatel" qThe Minister of Marine had ordered the construction of four screw schooners for the coast-guard service. Two are 'Go be built at the Ferrol, aid the two others at Cartagena. ILarge quantities of grain eontinued to arrive in the ports of Spain, and all appreaension of a scarcity had aa:nished. The adjudication of the Cadiz and Pnerto-Real Railway is £sxed for the 10th of October next.
SPORTING XZYTBLLI6G3RZW. TATTEELSALL'S. 3Io?NDAy. :inc pumicatiou ol the weights for the Cesarewitch and Canbridgeshire Stakes imparted no briakness to business. St;ll severalimportant movementsweremade withleference to the St. Ieger, aud they created quite a sensation. azzaletto, who had throughout the, preceding weeak displayed strong s'mptoms of a decline, fel this afternoon withoat any we -sustained effort being made to arrest his downwward. terdency. In city circles dering the morning the demonstration was commenced, and it was followed up at the Corner withltellingeffect. AtSis tq-.tol -was currently offered" bar one," and once those odds were lhooed to 100l . about, Fazzoletto. Aftevwards one of the stanchest supporters of Ellington offered 7 to 2 Againstv azzoletto, and, as the afternoon advanced, and -when the shyness of backers waa folly discovered, layers hardened in their hostility, and at last 10 to 1 was laid, anda afterwards- offered without effect. The retrogression of Ynzzoletto, broughnt Luadyfoot into prominent notice, and from 15 to 1 he rapidly advanced to 10 to 1 taken feely. 6CO to 400 was laid on him against Fazsoletto.. - 5 to 4 was offered on the fieldL but Einugon was not backed for money, the principal operations being confined to Fazzoletto and Lundyfoot. Bonnie Scotlanad was talked about, but not backled. The betting on the Great Yorlsbire 13andicap was limited to only two horses, Saraband and Vandal, both of whom were backed at 6 tol each. Saraband had a decided call at the finish. The Cesa=rwitch and Derby quotations do not rejuire comment. Gnra& YoatasinEs lu-NDIcAr. 6 to 1 agst Saraba4nd (taken). a - ; - Vandal (taken and offered). S- I - Pantomime: 10 - -1- Hngerford. Sr. LwEs. S to 4 Hgst Elinston (taken and offered). 10 - 1-Lndytoot (tak-en freos). 10 1-}? aoletto (offered). 20- 1- Vieofia ttaken). 600 to 40 oD Mundyfoct agst Parleto (tak.-n). C CSA EwrCH SBT-UES. 20 to 1 agst Trapper (talken). 40- 1-:nlafield (taket). 40- 1-mr. Sykes (taken). 50- 1-Comedy,(taken). 1,000 - 15 Coup de Main Itaken). 20 to I. agst Schiedam (taken). 20- 1 - Goldfinch (takeu). 30 - 1 - Sydney (taken). 30- -Ackwort1(t1ken)40- - - Magnifier (taken). 40 - I ord of the Hhls (taken). so- 1--lair Duff (taken). 50 - 1 - Comedian (taenl). 1,000 -1 - Skirmisher (taken). l,O0 even between Goldfidch and Sohiedam (tken). 6,000 to 400 a,st ZcydsrZee and Lor of the Hiflm coupled (taken). The Snb3crlptton-room wMilbe opened on Satcrday. JIacl Sheppia-This horse ban been purchased by Mr. Sxo_n for-
- TH_ RIFP ,IA4Z=- TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIuES. Sir,-I have riiA wiith somr intexet the art;icsin k,te public journalg relating to tie Iste attack made byahe Biff pirates ipon Prince Xdalbw&,i of Preeia , 9and 4l,* ana hLeo xerained hithe*o fr h on e ujjct I inysell hoping tat some permn ifU-seqn atedwith tile habits of these plhnderer and with their coast,m4t point out some -feasible plU of puishing them Circumstances hba rended :e well acqu -na: 'with this people and their cost, and there awe, it appes,4 to me, ifo ways in which the mltiasment they so riehly deo Wght be adudniser-di6hem. The first'woild be the most severe an& efcacious, buit the setond wo1,d. equally prevent the oapturing of any merchant vessels,y these pirat6, -les, indeed, they Were actuaily o be '.ms asihore. on the coast. The district .of Biff extends !rom within a f ew miles of t.tbeport-dbayTofITetonutothe .for esof AIgeria ontl,3 .ivermolouia. it is a maonuos district, but not io much so near the sesa s toredor it iaccessible t infa*y. It ic by no means a populous "country for its ex;eu8 'but still there are some large' oien villjges, contaiin from 600 to 2,000 soi!s, -within two io thre niles of Wt sea coast, besides =any smaller ones --r I do not -think, unless- prepard for an attack and re-i,forced by the tribes from t interior, the BE--couldt muster 1,000 men oanyonepoint orepel an nsio their coa 'Thuchief Deoas are mear the bay of Abcemsand Melilla. ShouiL Our Goverm-ent, in con6urren6ewith tholiEe Yrance ana Spain, determine 6n suppressing entirely these pite nests, it Wight easily beikne. To Save thbeffusiei of blood, it- would be adIisahle, n _y opinlon, foith French to throw a certain force over the Molouis, or land them on the eastern Eide of the Bay-.of Mellula and sweep the coast towa.rds thst Spaniih settlement, meeting a Spanish force which would sally.fromii blelilla, in order to destroy not bnlythe three 1lage 'illaes -within afew miles of that setmleenet but also all their vines and figtrees, erhich vould prevent their living onthat part of the coast for some time to come. A body of metL should at the same time -leave Alncema, and lay -waste the country rounld that fortress; the same should he done et Gomfta, while a British foroe, composed of rifles di treops armed with the Mlini6 tide, should- enter from'the Tetuan side, and march towards Gom6ra, making thijunction gooD with both Spaniards and French, and reimbarking either at G omera, Alucemaa, or lelill i, which ase Spanish settlements well fortified, and offering-& sore retreat in case a strong Levanter should prevent thIe re-embarkation. TXhe Emperor of Morocco slhould be cohipelledto send a Considerable foce t,o act with us in this expedition. The best timeto makelthisrazzia w.ouldbe inthe beginning of July, as the crops are then ripe and could be burnt, thus adding a winter's scarcity to the bene!its con, ferred on those who have had their hats burnt and have run to the hillst. In this warfare it must be remembered that one is 53ght' ing against savages. The men would not, I aspect, as-, for much quarter, and they never give any; the women an& ehildren, ought to be taken prisoners ana handed over to:thb Emperor of Morocco, who would transplant them to soiue inland province whero those husbands who had escaped would sDon follow them. This I have aLrd seen done by the Sultan on moxs than one occasion. The second plan, although not so wholesale, is simpler bg far, and without any loss of life anda at aery trfing enueuse would effectualy protect our trade in the Mediterrai nean. The Biffs, although bold and dangerous fellows oci shiore, are cowards at sea. Every creelk has its two or three boats, which serve for fishing, trading to Tetnan, or piracy, as oppormnity offers. The same boat which steals outt of 5 morning, after seeing that the coast is clear and no ressel of war in sight, rounding the headlands closely and purlin vigorously for shore at the least symptoms of danger, this same boat laden, perhaps, with Riff timber, hides, wsE honey, wool, wheat, barley, and beans to the amount some. times of $20,000, and mahing all haste to enter Tetuai, river, where 'a sore market is found for the cargo ad- a return one purehased of guns, swords, pistoLs, gunpowder, lead, Fajas halws, pottery, and other necessaries for the inhabitants of the hilis-these very boatg are the pirates', who do so much harm to our mercha=t shipping, f(allin L lie birds of prey on any defenceless mer, clivntman ihat may have got in too close to the shore during the night, or that has sagged into the coast during a calm. They atVmanned by sometimes 70 men, all armed with lout g msind swords or long knives. It is these boats that must: be destroyed and prevented-froni putting to sea. ITot a; fishing boat should exist alongthe. coast; they are all, as I said bef ore, fishermen one day, pirates the next; and this end Wight, easily bh attained by a small craiser being placed on the coast, 'whose duty it woald be to seize every craft that putto se. I say a cruiser on the coast, not one lying in Gibraltar Nelw Mole, with the oBicers on shore, but really and truly hovering alvays up and downfrem Tetuan to the Zapha-ine Islands. 'A. small screw steamer with a. very light draught of water would be best. If this was done there would be an end to piracy on ths; Biff coast. I speak from experience, for it is well known that in 1854 asmZli and ilU-armedielucca, calledthe Diana,was fitted out at Gibraltar by an eccntric individual andarmed at is own expense, whiech destroyed several of -these Riff caraboos, and put a stop for mnonthsato these depreda. tioris, as not a boat dared to put to sea. -What is our vice-consul about at Tetuan aU tbis time I 'Every one 'who lnows Marteen is well aware that at some seasons of the year 200 or 309 of these barbarians are encampedtner rinaer temporary sheds made of thin Rid deals, waitig until their cargo is completed and the coast clear to return o thieir piratical haunts. Every one of. :these scoundrels is a robber andapirate. The Emperol. says he cannot controlthem! I,et him seize them onarrival at Marteen, confiscate their cargoes; anuna.e them all6 answerable forthe murders andrapines committed by themselves and brethren.- 'To cut up this trade ;would ba doingthem a serious ijury, for they have no roads to carrytheiproduce-to market, and Tetuan is t-le oaly market they have. Besides which, they are such amicable people that one tribe is always at war with its neighbour, and they therefore allow no traffic So pass from oneplhce to another, Eew people if any, are better-aquainted with these miser!able bt ldsavagesthan myself; few people know so well their haunts; few people have had such narrow escapes from them as I have. I enclose my address, - . Anaremain. Sir, &e.. EL XORO.
TE SAMEARITAI TO THE EDITOR OF ME S. . Sr,-lh2ve just Peoev.frn P1estmie, throungh 3r.. Vice-Consnll,Rogers, a letter, of which the following is a copy.. It msaybe satisfctory.to those friends wlo took o warn an intest in Jacob esh Shelaby and the S&wmitan comnsunity, to know itht he hlas afely anived among his brethren, and that they are deeply sensibleof the kindness -' -iOOd toWards their little wet by the Britith public I have thu hojuour to bi, Sir,. Yor obedient rrant EDWARD GEATLY:'X 1L O T4D, Sept, & - -"- 0 - - - - C Jersalem, Ae. 7 Centleonin-We feel :Ceb xr&l tD yo ot thie :troube you b&ye taken on' b of our diake,sd Samaritan oomininity during our .depaity stay in Gre4 'Biitain. ad for the kdndne alhown m bytheBritisW bpuVic.' We, thferefore, the unde,sped i, the name of aUl ouricommnthy, urite in offering our thanks to the British nation, and beg of you, now that Jacob eah Shelaby is retured among us, to end us by check, through the h;nds of 31r. Vice-Consul 1Rgei - of CaMa, the balnnce of, moneys collected and deposited im your immes for our bebit in the bank of AlfeRrs. Barnett, Moare, and Co., of Mombard-street. I We have agreed among ourselves for the amount of zemuneratifi to be liven to Jacob WTI Slelaby for thae pai has takle on r bhaf.- :.. ., rv-r-Yo thuayncit grahnbdl sen-ants, "-AMUi,A-, Priest. - "~~JAGOD ZSHfSiarU . " J. GuineHoare, Esq., and Edward' Gellatly,Esq., 'T,ondon." ' - "ilrebly-erWfthatthe above arej tha nneo Rrieit Annr, oDf Ibrahim' Sajehh (an Elder-of the S*miIItans), and: of Jacob-ei e hels b oein my raeqeue. S - . _._ JAMES RTNTN "H-r Britannic ILje' Consul for ,,eu m -- U- erflem asid P'aestine. *. C(XADxAx .ti -The tmsltzv Ocean Com!anY's SC?Ow stemerThdian will sail h'om 4Lverpool on - Wedneay fot Qr6ebe an0d Moantreel - with the Ceadian Ixias T cFfeh-oxat li-rspedf dlis on ihe day of * CeY*in;es, ThilIJ Thyl,K, )toie&, zE~t. 8i..idsias o p en .1 41, dEWt. by aaas u i.39s,; w*aes X,L' 'C NDii
*.1RE?LAND. - (,R~O3i OR owN Cal ESO2w1Ejj.) DUB , MONDAy MoRy. The CaroOW Senaied st as that the-,directors of tie Bank of Ireland, have taiken legal proceedingp ,st ceveral persons in that town-whose bilks .Twero given as security by the Tipperary Bank for :;Wvfces to that unfortuate concern by the Bank ,o:F- elamd, and, by way of the beginning of the nd,- is added that the effects of an extensive dfarmer residing ner Baflyeflen were seized under xeiocuton for TOI.'.du0e to the bank.- It appears gthat the farmer was security for a trader 'i the Torm, and of couse is held responsible for .the aniount. The Carlow paper thus moralizes-,upon the effects of banlding upon a political systern; c6arried on for so many years by Sadleir and his con-ledentes in fraud . ,I 'The Sadileirs aimed at ascendancy. They risked all to £ain it and a position suddenly from humble life. They tIribd and laboured with indefatigable industry to. attain tlhacobject of their amibition, and we do regret to find so "any victis of their vulgar ambition. They found Car. *low., comparatively stating, pzosperous in the department fof shckeepiag. and after an unexampled career of strife to sscuethsir political powe2r, we leave it to the fancy of oar readers to depio the s'ate inl which they left their friends, afltar the exercise of the greatest kindness and leniency - towards them both by the Rank of Ireland and the official manager of the Tipperary Bank." fith respect to the whereabouts of James Sadleir, the Carlow paper says that the police are on the wron g scent, and that therein every reason to believe thfiat the, fugitive i5 no;v far on his way to South 2Amtirica, "wlhere there appea3rs to be little dorbt :th.3t he will be, afforded the opportunity of embDracing his brother John." -With regard to this latter prospect, it may bementioned, as an instance of that second-sight said to be the peculiar. property o f our northern fellow-subjects,- that a respectable professional man, recently returned to Dublin from New Orleans, is-ready to aver on oath, if called upon, that during his residence at the latter place he had seen John Sadleir bodily striding, ' through the stireets of lNew Orleans. There coald bej lhe insists, no mristake, as he had 'oeen for many -yean familiar with the marked features 'of that *never-to-be -forgotten counltenance. T EM TnZ CORN TRADE. The imports into Dublin of wheat and flotr from Great Britain during the oast month have been much heavier than at the same period of last year-4,586 quarters of wheat and 8,582 cwt !of flour having arrived in August, 1856, against 242 quarters of wheat and 593 cwt., of flour in August, 1855.- Of Indian corn on; the contrary, there were last year 3,142 quarters imported, wvhile this year none has been received. ' Of malt 3,520 quarters were imported and 799 auarters expozred lasb month, against an export of '498 qurters, and no import, in August. 1855. The arrivals from foreign ports of grain vessels during -the week comprise - one from Ancona with a cargo of wheat, and one from Saxkiobing with a cargo of barley.
Tan LA=E Wnuux YAauxEL.-Early on Sunday morning last, at Yarmouth, whither he had gone from London by sea for a aummer trip, died suddenly of ossiflcation of the heart, at the age bf 72, the good old British sportsa3n a nd n is- t 'Mliam YarraelLh Our roU of English zoologists does not boast of a name more honoured for Ys researches into the habits of the fauna of hiscountry, so -.far Daregards birdsnand flshes, or more respected for his up- rightness and geni companionship, than that of the lamented Yarrell; tnl the style in which the results of his agreeable labours have been published to the world presents a model of idly, unobtrnsive diction, choice wooidcut Illustration, and typog.rahic neatness. The life ofWilliam. Yarre was not one o smuch vaety. Born in 1784, in Duke-street, St. Jameis, whero his father carried on the business of a newspaper agent, his only remioval was to a neighbouring house at the corner of Ryder-street. There he continued the businesn in partnership with, a - gentleman wrhosE 'father had been aiso a partner with Yarrell's father, and in this house he dwelt unmarried, with Lbi natural history collections about hima, till tho, day of his death. He entereed the banking-house of Herries, Farqsihar, and-Co. as clerk in 1802, bul t returned at the end of dx months to his father. Mr. Yarrel's taste for natural -history pursuits beggan first to develope itself in a love of ;angmlng. The streams in the vicinity of London often tempted him for' h, as a. boy, to a dav's fishing, and the perua of old Iznak Walton's charming letters served to sVert hispastime into thevaluablepractical directionwhich it subsequently took. From fishinigWilliam Yarrell was led to the sport of shooting, and became one of the first narksmenaofr his day. He formed in early life an intimacy -With Manton, the famous gunmaker, and with Shoobridge, iewell known hatter ofBond-street, better known, however, amon- sporting men as an unerring shot. Shoobridge and - Yarrail emade frequent excursions in'to the country togethner, and shot in company for many years. Shoobaidge shot in -matches, and not unfrequently for heavy stakes. Yarrell, -who was thourht by some to be the bette7 shot of the two G-for he woulad bi down a dozen brace of sparrow- , from the trap, with hislouble-barrelled Manton, runningtever wagered beyond shooting for ag, a pointer, or a sporting picture. During this time William Yarrell had been forming valuable collections of fishes, birds, and birds' eggs, studying and makdng notes of their habits, when, at,about the age of 40, he maybe raid to have laidl down the rod and gun for the pen. 'On the 2Zth of March, 1825, he addressed to the conductors of the Zoological .rournaZ his first, comosition, consistinc of "Notices of the -Occurrence- of some rare "n ritish Birds, observed during the Yea 1823, 24, and '25." Having -nado -the acquaintance of seveaml zealous naturalists, among whom re meneion Vigors, Swainson, and B. Bennett, he was elected, in 182, a Feow of the Lirmean Society, and in 1827 communicated to the so;ciety's "1 Traus-actions " a par, entitled " Observations on thie Tracheae of 'Birdher tho o sciolandRepresentations of several not 'iherst-o figbred h Lediversin the same year he presented to the Royal Society a paper "1On the Change in the Plumage -ef some Hen-Pheasants," which was printe0d in the "1Philo-sophical Transactions." Notwithstanding, howevet, the Council of the Royal Society considered Mr. YaireRl's paper worthy a place in their "tTransactions, the author was never elected to the Felowship. ew recommended for eclection, but, owing t-o the corrupt practice-which still in a measure prevails-of disregarding the scientific claims of gentlemen connected with trade, while individuals were gainig admsin ote sooLet on account of mere socil psiton o conoiourhip it was intimated to Mlr. Yarrell that. he had no chace of success, and he withdrew bin certificate. In 182 Mr. Yarrell commumnicated to the Linnaean Society the " Description of a Newr Species of Trinae, kllWed in Cambridgeshire, new to England and Europer and the following year two papers "On the Organsof Voice in Birds,"'andl 'On aNew Species of Wild Swan taken in En-land.' About this time the Zooloe'icaI Club of the ILiinrea Society, of 'which Mkr. Yarr~ had for six years been an active member, became the foundation of the present Zoological Society, and his - exertions for this society's welfare were continued with un-remittn- zs31 to the laLst. He wras a frequeat-coatributor .toD its " I`reccedings,".~ and. the three following papers, read in 183 and 183, were seletct for publicatios iIn its "Transactions P'-" Observations on the Laws which aperto influence the Assuiption and Changes of Plumage In Birds " Description, withL somae additional Particulars, :c te Aplryo Austra2iin of Slinw ;" and "Somie, Observaton on the Economy -of an InsEect destrtictive. to Turnips." To the Linmean. Societv's " Transactiomd" he further contrih3uted, in15I4 " De-ocription of the Organ of, "Voice in a New Spadies of Wild Swan," and "1Description ocf 'three British Species of Freshi-water Fishes,Iselonglg to 'the geaus Lcuciscusr," and in I55 a pacer "'On the Habits or- the Great Bustard." Hlis last, anbt only remain'INg pape, published by the Linnean Society, "1On the Ifuec of the Sexual Organ in Modifying External Cha- "'te 1 ppe-ared during tho present year, in the nexwly ar-, nngio.Yenacl -of Praceedisigs. Mr. Yarrell contributed' -largely to the Zoological Tout-ncl and to the Anizals atnd *il.fagasin,c ofNaTctzs-al History, including, among other sub- ;Ject.% the discovery, in conjunction with Mr. Jesse, of, 'the oviparous propapation of' the eel, enrd of the specific' 'idenLtity of the whiil'ait; hut the grand work- of hb life w,ass the production, durig the years 1830-40, of -th4 two' .v;e61-known Histories of British 'Birds and British Fihes, ,jinhlished by Mr. Vani Voorst, who lived on terms of great 'frieadshapwith him, andwamsa'lected bvhim asosie ofhisexe.. 'cutors Lu 1849 M1r. Yar-rell was elIected a 'Vice-Presi- ~dant and treasurer of tTheLinnnani Society,and the membern. s,uhs-ribed for a portrait of him in oil, which is' nisiended in the society's meeting-room.-. Notwithstanding his retired mnanners and extremely punctual habits, MEr. Yarrel was a. 'fiequent diner-outzand .jovialcompanion at table. He sang ~ca-pital song,-and wNanaonenrant .ttendant.'at the theatre,' ,senerally selecting, with theo gusto of a dildtasite, the front iron of tho pit. In thu daysa of the elder Mathews he wvould maTVnage to get the songs-of the great mimic, in spite of the :rapidity of their utteraiiee, by taking down the alternate -lines one night and filling in the othiers onathe next. A Zoang of Dibdin's we heard himn sing only recently with admirablo spirit and pathos. 'Re1 seldom missed attending the 'Linnss~aa Club dinners and country excussions, -and vies-'!at a1 tfimes among the liveliest of the party. Ini the present 'year he took an active part -n the 1irmnan eicursion to Gnijdford. In additiotohsolctoof'rihnaua hstory MMr.Ye Tell pONssa ovlsbeirTATyof bookTh folo -,g addenda should be- snidde to the resolutions of the st cct, CErnmitia of ths3 House of Commons on Transpor. tafica, pubiishn-d-in The Tlimes of Friday last. In resolution 15, ofter the word "1enforced"1- should- beadded "1more strictly than appe-am ±oJsuh'io been hitherto tiss oP" ReEc lutica 17, -hithl in7il"ollow%tv a.8 also inadvertently ,ozittcd :- T at u inforsna Lononthe re--ulitie'iS Ifect. t.sia,11 in the G:Micia 1ormhcg m ay bfoufLdioe'r awnls'sances to hia--eisc- tnsp= d THE JosxrHuNiw Wu,-..OnSahusday, the. 6th inst., the Whitstable divers returnes t-o the pars of Doycswith a further part of the cargo recovrd from the wreck of the Jozsuhine, Willisi.
0 V - ., IX4OF coM - .: U The Counoil of lIegal- ducation have 'issued the j following rules for the public examinatioi of the ' atudents n Michaelmas Ter, 1856 : I "As An i3nducement, to students to propose themselves for I examination, studentships shall be founded of 50 guineas per annum each, to continue for a peeled of thoee ars, anmos one such student-hip shall be conferredl on the most' distinguished-student at each public examination;-and, further, the examiners shall select' and eertify the names of .hrea othor students, who shall have passed the next best examinations; and theaIns3 of Court towhich.-su6h studentibelong, mny,.if desired, dispense withany term~s,net exceeding two, that may renain to ho k ept by such studentsrio o -their being culled to the bar; p4.ided that the examiners shall no' b obliged to confer or grant anyq studentship or certifcate unless they shall be of opinion that the exneinatioe of mthe setuOdents they Eselect h2s been nh a " everyscal to the bar those students who have Pssed a publi examination, and either obtained a studentship or a certificte of honour, fall take rank in seniority4 over all other students -who shal be called on the same day. I b eN students shll be eligibe to be caled to the bar who shal not either have attended dluring one whole year the lectures of two of the readers or have satisfatorily pamed a public examination. Runlesfor thoPublicExamination ofeCancidatesfoxjhonours or eertificates Entiting Studenits to be called to the Bar- "ATh examinationwvill bcoeldin MTchaelmasTeurnexth to -which a student, of any of the Inns of Court who is desirous of becoming a candidate for a sudentship or honour or of obtainiao a certificate of fitness for being called to ate bar,' will be o7hmissible. i Eachstu d entpronosing tommn nt himlf for examination wil be required toenter his name at the Treasurer's office of the Inn of Court to which he belongs onor befoe the 23d day of October next, and hewillfuthe be ronequ tho Fst9at in writi ng , the his the snt offersigeading-ro of eamitnaton is to1 compretefo anstdentship, or othe thonouab certinana past toor a all be oed b. to the stiedenpposiented fogr etiheomnene-mea nt uof the exmntoze- "Tho examinationbwiutcoenesons whbeny, the odet day f Ocobernet S2and l afercntiudon tbqhue Frida and Sthroe following.de "I wil takesplace mring the enchers' Ocoesfgr,o of hlfn-pt9 col-, and thoors w be Ledg1 minster the atierpointed f thea compnt c n ofor examinntty "Thursday miorning, the 0sth of. October, at half-past9 cloc, on sacond tutmioa,lLa and Legal Hist the bu nlyatke onel for h thze examination medal aftero ons, aed that 1i oaclk,oy t uernt.o "Theray mraming tinthe 3 S of. Otudenobier at halfstal oa'ltoc tonm CommL sLtuden then a11termoon, chhalrf pas t o'lok one theadro osiu Law ofd Real Proery,So "oSatuosda moring, the ace tof oveingate t hsbalf-past atue frou oraztdents,iinlu sio s ari upon y al the oren L,in tharesL,ame Chourls, and ont the sam suet-s as thos alrTead markdofrth examination byd printed ques--os-,Ub sons, excet that on Saturday aternoonh thre tw fi the "He~ ~~~~~~~~a wilt exeihmlot o eleu nteditehim 1oralg exoo7ami2naton.u quit ryoest xm ntefl "thgareding o ral exet d ofeaohf satudent ie conducted Aph frometh othe student sd mthe ca anctmer of xtaha examintilhne wiall vary codtained as the stfiuet e. s cd dat for stodntuwsor studenotship, or desfiraes snpyt obtaint a' Certifiate. o etfctso ins ob aldt h "hielf 6 oaol tex e m sti acand idater o ehonours wilU be aounded on the bookFsbeo mentiondned,e twocLard ein h howee r,n to the pariclarobject with a view to; whicha a Pthoes sutudenlyatpresents th olre examinations. nnEf "In dtermningthe qestin whther a studenot has as "The Rearonation fin Esae m annr s t it hTimr pobealed to xmie bar the foivex rear to The general Juowledge; of lawx and Jeusprent,th n Hatibe sutil hex stha hanVidotaine a criat himsef ami sacond time puroasu r cadie for the studenth but on het on of tere thrtiese-h xamrias io AcmedIal, Wiiam El Icm.' Cd .Plmr 1,7 an Anne.Al scapcedingdhat atwhih h eoshal hne e oained soU the certficate; provided thea tiay td eor nT seortsateing ahiself u "regad Reande and Persnl Estate, and wihthe CiU aw -^rials^ notr aei th e lnisat. ov s f ".tudi e w hoee thavtekop pmosrethan o taerm shal knowtlec dngiiTeh Ht anf eamitioe or the last uod the s ear 17p "Theral os deraston Constiiloen al Lawt andgal history, toexam atiotcohorouihly acquaintewdi with thechpteJ s L" Charlaes for an ChxesIL, nand with bo enhapted in-Mx i Hallams Constitutional Historyitewhich treof ens fthe preio ofare nry Visuose a es Cairles Jame 1 I"IHe wil exoect them also to be well acquainted, with the tralWes of Rusell Co* ege, cand.r Sy 2,nand 3 chaer in ipoien 'pracktosnesto elatmingto the Laof eon, and the Hismtsory oouTetmna Law asd subyec col re Lend amnidtPrsu onln Estatye audis hlrthen sce threal d'urn tIhe crncin e me tioed B of Cve ntraetroducion, pofEnglinh History, fromteSonquestto ithe earL 1(th7 82 gI,C> B7wtht Iam6letihrev Brathefirt; Solum of "h Candidates for ertpass will of ressuied ansd thersa y tbaro lvirbexcted to b e well acquainted with the e ofJmeis Hanioam? ConsiuinlHsoynwhc the efents of thatbv cass "H wianl epes for them nlso tnl o beh u excqited t4 ser- "The Render on fe Law oposes_to eai in the fol-ses " Conn the following books and subirmat "11. Jsmih's Wilanua of Requit Jurisperuytenae,aithordo the Pleadingl inopethe Court of Chanery Ioniroductio, twMarred);copme 2 Rspectvl.2pr3;cp .ThAtfo the3 Imroement ofThdgentursditidaxono Equity,nthe 1the Sttt 8hand 16th of Victoria, chap. 86. "2. The laMyo caseranhnoerscontaied io the fppirstivolum of Wo hite casend Tudor's Leading Cases. i ovynig "1Candidates for cenortfces ofb exaitness to bcalledhetoothe "Cnsbecs n andidates for thatdnsi oertifaeinu hos wl e unx- The Reader on the LawadofcRealcProperty,l&ca proposes to examinecaddt-fohour in the followin ok ndsbet: onL Phersonaltroperty, Hayefisto on the CommtintonLa,Ues, and TistRmn & ai o ani g "2. The Alieasttotione oftRelalstat byoo thentsi Taile anDe Varbrie Wme SgRespectionely.D Rgls ui. "13. TheLaw of Judglments,o rIdtemauxiona Judgments, the statuter 1It and 19;path of, icb6toria, chap.d 15 "14. Theinlab'sInityofdurchaerotsn to the appicaio ofJaipa 372);, pand.2. ' bapthverwihte, (9oVes.y 2) n h oe "Candlidates fora hoeorsi tewill be examined in-alte oe goin Lsubets and canddats ofo ah certifites of sin thos under hbpeads 1,2 and 3.pr ,catea'1%ad3 "The Reader onJuormixprudenceopdtesito eawpopoe i to exmnCandidates for honoEtewur inexece th e folloing 'IL TheE imntroduton and irstbookao t(he Isichmtyecol ectedfromakny.rieatiscofthearnUicapbiseIsic . "2.in o The last twotitles ofcthels).bo o h igs 3 . TheaPrincai'lemns ofteLwof Internactso Law, parta ex. "4undedindSmit's Introuretion tontraectud y of Jrisru idene parte2, chaptrwth t he notes.teeo-sbyv Vie "1Candidates fer hncertiict wfil he examined in-tesbet ¶' and First two boos ,ofnethedInthreithtso rusptiveany ith "2. foelton's Elemets fItrainlLw at1 the underentionedhooks an suBee65 "Cadidtesfora ertficte illbeexpected to hfami-e liar withaysesad rced -i ectedfom any tralsawtesujc pubihdsic h "2. the Prnipeafwh LwooCnratfsofra x inTaylrsEsid, 2weith .,h noxtes_theret 2-smy.Wie "A. (iL-aawbof Ho icie),oal ale'scse 9Renn1,5
A SruD FARB.-A joint-stock company of a novel eharacter is in curse of formation at Newmarl-et-a company for the breed of horses. * It boasts of high and *hononuablo names amohg its committee-the -fuke of -Wei-: lington, LordW. Powlett, Ir. 0C. C. GreviPe, and lir. W. J. Goodwin, of Hampton-eourt, for instance, besides many leading gentlemen of the neighbourhood; and it has the great Edvantaoe of the jfon.. E. T. Yorke, -:LP.. as auditor. The manager secured - is that -.excellent judge, Mr. Alfred - Dysoni, of£ Hamhbledon, near -Horndean, Hntsn For -such -n undertaldng -Newmarket presents itself naturally' to one's mind .as the very best spot in the world. "The soil and climate,!' Iays the prospectus, " are most favoumable to blood stock itheolountain soarce -of racmg. - Thebest hbres in the :voAd -aro to 'be foun-d*-lerb,and itis-the regulni-esort many times in the year-oftaat elass most interested in promoting and encourag;g- thoe/breiding-of thorough-bred horses.- It is also eas of-access hbvrait o tforeigners and ewlonis wh6 visitEn-gl,adfor tim purposoofpurcfiasiuk bldod stock-" -Wo -wish thisj undertaking rwsuncets' judis. tionY managea, it wnll :bo rermumerativa-to the propieton 'and advantageous ta the public.-C Cdmbridgae £ThrorMn - 1R;ESM INZT- Mu NojTI- or SCoSnM.-Te larvses has ccmm&nbed iiutho'north of Scotiand. and jany fields have already fallen andefthe sicklM.- The? cops of heat, oats, and barleyar i;l far .iSve the average of the last ft-sr years. - Lotatoes arses anAbtndant -crop. The disease has be^n checked bny the fine dryP wveather of this mionth, and.isnot, likely tae agan . Thohrnips are ia excellent conitin, nd he ftemat ofthehaycrop is most
CosRT OPF BANEP.UPTC, Baysnghag-strce4 &I)t. 8. I E THE ROYA-L M!fSTr RkN-. (Before MAr.- Cornmlziontr HouwmD.;.. Ws &e private meeng m tne awove case, MUn a new to pen a petition in bankrmptcy aganst the bank. It was stated at the termination of tfe proceedings that Mr. Bagle. appeared on behalf of thodirectors of tho bank, and submitted that no act of hanknoty had been-c ona mitted, and stated that the directors Ed oovened a meeting of shareholders for the 20th of September, being the earliest day thata 3meeting could be convened in pursmance of their charter. lo act of bankroptby would be commnitted in the intervaL 'The proceedings, he. contended, mustfAll to the ground. Mr. Chidley, for the petitioning creditor, said' be had summoned the manager, and was prepared to prove the closing of the bank, and which, he contended, was an act of bankruptcy. The Com ossxoiR asked Mr. Chidley whether he was prepared to prove one of the acts of bankruptcy pointed out by the Act of Parliament (7th - and 8th of Victoria, chaii. 111) for winding up joint-stock companies. IMr. Chidley admtted that he was not, but contendedthat he bad a right to an adjudication imder the -Banlanptcy (Consolidation Act. His HomuoRs held otherwise, and declii3ed to* 'imae an ad udication. - T ar. gue and Mir. Lnds appeared for shareholders and 'rreditors. ~~ . ~ . ' ~~w RN IT. }I. COLBORNE. The bankrupt was a draper, of Poole. This was the cer;idicate meeting. Mr. Mardon appeared for the assignee s and called the'ad tention of-the Court to the circumstance that a Vortion of 1,he banl;rupt?s property had been taken in execut-ion by the 13heriff ehortly before the bankruptcy. An action against the Sheriffhadrselted in a compromise and payment-of a scm of money to the assignees. fr. Chidley explsined that the action had been defended bhj tha bankrupt undt3r the belief that he had a good defence, and that there had been no desire to prefer one creditor to mother, a so - His HoO.NO granted asecond-class certificate.
tIZDDLESEX SXSSIOHS, Monday, &pt. S. The September General Sessions of the Peace for the -county of hliddlesex commenced this morning at Clerkenxsell bfore Mr. Creasy (presiding for the Assistant-Jude and abench of mnagistrates. There were 64 prisoners fo trfial, of wlhom 60 wrere charged with felony and 14 with ajiademeanoulr. - Mr. CREAsy delivered a short chargo to the grand jury. - Charles Wyed 25, labourerttoacharg ofstalnga quantity df leI pipe, the property of Mr. Thomaas C, ler -Apolice sergeant stated that five years ago the prisoner was sentenced to 12 months' hard labour for felony, and previouslyto that had been twice convicted. Since then he had been committed to Aylesbury gaol for poaching, but *hen. he stole the lead now in question he was earning a honest living, and had done his best to do so. Mr. CREASY said he should not take the committal for poachinig into consideration; and, as the prisoner's last conviction for felony took plate five years ago, since which he had been trying to get a honest livig, he should not go beyond the sentence the prisoner received on that occasion. The eentence was therefora 12 months hard labour. Summadelli, an intelligent-looking Hndoo, was indicted for having stolen four sovereigns, the moneys of Woota, another Hindoo. The prisoner avaied hniself of his righte as a foreigner, to be tried by a miixed jury. The prsecutor sated, through an interpreter, that be was a seaiman belonging to the bark Ratoliff, from which vessel he was paid off some weeks ago. The mioney he received asnounted po 4e. M2o.; and as he was going out of the West India-docks honmet the prisner, -who volunteered to find himanother sp. They gotvery friendly togethera and the prisoner went with him on beard the Itatoliff to fetch his chest, when, as he was stooping down, four sovereigns fell out of his waistcoat-pocket on to the deck. The prisoner pioced them lip and said he would not give them to him until they got ashore, and had been to a house where there were some women. When they got ashoreto the pi soner ran away and witness saw no more of him unti the 2th of July, wahn he founa-him on board a shlp in the West India-dock and gavoeLim into eustody. Therewasuno other evidence . The prisoner energetically denied the chiarge, and Thle Jury found hira Not Guilty. Christopher Cooper, 22, Robert Miller, 20, -and Henry Whoiiaaso 19, were indicted for felonitusly brealkng and entering the warebouso of Georga Robinson, and stealingtherein a quantit of copper nais and other a-rticies oif considearable valu, his property. The r6 being. y Guiltpd G y Mr. Sl eth, for the prosecution, said this was, perhaps, doas imudent a robbery as ever was com mtted. Th e cetor hadawarehouse at Limhouse, the into it and packedu a great qu ntity tie ra fdr removalo bTut forteley were detcted in ti p- avenl their carrying awa the plnder,andth imcefond them on the roo pretending to be asleep, en e what they did the were out thievr on of them The police stateiWthat the prisoners were wen' kown as the associates of thieves, and had been in prison. A remand was asked for, ia order that the particulars of their convictions maight be inquired iato. Judgment was accordingly deferred. George Neals, 20, pleaded" Guilty" of steaing handker. cehief from the person of Edward Cox. Fie baGd been -repeatedly convicted of tho same sort of onence. Mr. CREAsy said it was clearly useless to deal with tho prisoner as he had been dealt with hitherto, by sentencge hIn to imprisonment. He mmust now be. sent to nal .servitude for four ars . t nileimn Undermi " e22, nd William Smith, 22, were indicted for feloniosly breaking and entering the dwcoiin. house of Robert Bramiford, wita intent to steal the god and chattels therein being. They pleadedl "Guilty." The prosecutor lived in Shakspeare-road, Stoke NewFs I- ton, and on the 27th of August, during his absence fromi town, the prisners got into his ouse by opening the fromit door with a eskeleton key. They were observed, and the polieman on duty, 425 N, having been aiomed of the .mater, he and an attorney's clerk went into the house, and, after a search, found the prisoners concealed i a bhack bedn - room. They were provided with'skelaton kleys, "jemmies," a but h-eyw lantern, and other housebreaking implements. The prisoner Underh said, he had worked for Mr. Cohen, of Cow-cross, and hba not been in trouble before. Evans, of the G division, said he had lnown Underhio for abut two years as a regulaar thief. Woott en, 401 A, sergeant on duty in the court, said he knew 'Underhill, When he was at Mr. Cohen's a bus- glary wRas commitencd etoo themaout ofbu lOL aondthe hr prisoner wast imp catedint. Eo Sundedforha m ooning he to tokh mpaser'sdogrwa,n the poseete samd l the ury gow i ye pa cm mited.Tepioerwstknitocsoy u the eviecta no statsd, thcenh inceathen hit ehadpre gulfar associated with thieves.Fisbury Mr. Csis~asy entenced eac of thmuo10mots' her labour. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ouhAmria - an a ertin umbe ofothr dub gon,vlue coi sf ehach the moneys of EaOxford-seeordan nr lt pearted fornthe pos. euin r.h ryfoth Theni prsctwor bastaed thihrough pane intepetr= ha-o lodged whepu, n the robbserwas c ommite atg,Fia y arried i Engand rom bew G rand,ougth Armerica, Rmeprbic. for the purpohe hfbirgeduacabedin Ouford-stHetan wadrete thkendie to takeogis -him toavinshpary-squ are, p-He hiredted cab neai bthe hadnothbeon. ithe houd a quanutiteo beoins in two bagecl whic hwee plaledt i other bag oon wic he cat.Terewaseputwonrthe caboset 1by aEonglih ghentlean who was of wi~th i, andthomg het bad broughtim from eSouth betwen, sleaving it and,taving paidetheofare, pos. Hoeidednptairids,obtme had othbe cinsth w housreparmiut befor the rcolletedt oLthat dette bag,n of wh coinsr inoth cab Tebytwer ie worth eulaiteabout l nls.T'he ca was bEedtweehi leaving wtand the discover of ecb u his loss now dressed- differently, and ho was confirmed in that belief by the whole of t-he circumstances, which tended to show tha hewa th mn -hohadhemony.The young gentlemianwho was with him whrlen ho entered th ia and another whomi al-so he had brought to Europe were -now at Paris. The prisoner's counsel cross-examinied the prosecutor as to his means of identifying the main. He fully believed the prisoner was the same, person. He understood that a conisiderable portion of- the money he had lost was now in the :bands of the police. - - -Inspector Dargan;-of 'the E division, state that -when th'e I-risoner was brought to the station on the charge he asked Luif he coStale had told hima what he was accused of, 'He said he did not steal the coins-he found them and baed given them away to various persons whom he did not knewv. A piece of ~1' d '''t ,escribing, th coins and their value in English, was found upon -the prisoner. uThe prisone_r was ta]ein into custody on the 13th of Aun Cross-examined.-The -priscuer-mdo the second ex.,amination that the paper in - question was a -copy of an advertisementirnthe papersdesribimg the money. - He maida -nothing of the sort at the fir-st. Mr. Cutler, optician, of King-street, Hlolboris, maid the prisoner came- tD his shop on - the morning - of the 5th of August, and showed hinma gold'6ohi of the Repubihk of New -Gi-anada, which he askedhiimionsandiifcturointo agoldehai forlhimu. He said he founditinhis cab. The prisoner was known to him. EHe had, known himi five years,' and when .this occurredl he hacdouly been out with a caba few days. ---Mr. Kent, watchmak-er, Red"-Lion-street, proved that otL the~ 7th of August he soldl the prisoner, whom- he'ad-previousJlmkown, -a.lever watch- for four guiness and a-half, ,The ~prisoner. gave in..parb piayment- a Granada doubloon. He haid not gbt th6 c6min ow.; he had parted-with'it.- Felice-constableRlWey, Estnted that heto-ok th"vrnoner in-to ;dustody at;1.0, Coonuiade, Russpel-square. Y.~ askedl him,hle-had-ordered a gold chain=i King-street, Holbozrn, SHe-raplied thatbe,had, - -Jameswaltts, .aaddler andl harness-maker, stated'that -he bhad-kno,wn the prsoner sOmne. yea'r -, and waS. onef thepr ed'' iais requistion for a,diivterslies. Xl 1te7',2,found'hila otitby that means, and h aet - im sand questioned hint nato what sort of mci tho.prisoner wzc- He told him he was ah honest industrious fellw. Riley~tola iam of -the:- robbbery;a anda't thoerXequesbof .at friend of tlhe prosecutotr h-e *ent to the House of Detention, and bad-some conversationi with the prisonier about it_ P--He, said to him. " Geo-rge, -.am drryto sw youin euch aplaceas thi," - He asked him how hoecame to know of it. H3e relalied-that he -ha ---en the case in the paoers and all his friends kcnew it. "1I told ~him _(the witness deposed) that. I had come on his behalf, and if he 'would give up the maoney the gentleman would not gOon 'with the prosecution. He told mie to ee the gentlemaa,'and call aazonthe following Tuesday, which I did. f toldhimtatI had seeaAhe gentleman's friend, and he would not proseotte if the property were given tep. .ieustolcetaiosihi.0hr nt to tit 'Theprisoner akd meifIhadgo tawritten doc-met t that 6MOt 'I told him l bad not; hbutthe gentleman, who wao ae man of honour, hid given his word and that was as good as a document. sa then told me to`gh to his lodgigs, 10, Colonnade, an l ses.rh among some ruobidh cin a back 'ktchen, where I thould fnd some money. I did so, and found a bag containing par 'of the money. I searched again next morning, and found eingt pieces more seenl. rately. I aver them to Riley. Those produced are dhe same. t , Mr. Pearson, cab- proprietor of Colonnade-mnews, , state that he saw the prisoner come home with his cab on the.4th of August, and in a short covrato hy a h =sid he ha'us come fromn FInsbiny-square If Z cabishn, antin n his cab it was his duyttalke i~to the) ,nearest l1ice stationwithirt24 hoursm bfr. ORs.Y, in addressing the rge&, urge theI p-risner'llad accidentally found the mnoney wheii 3o was drvig a,cab for another nerson, and had been tempted to prpite ato f it tobhtsown use. The case had none of!I the featuiresof ordinary larceny about it; the money came' into his possession by accident, andl not by any act ofhi own, done -with the view of depriving t'he owner oDf it; and -he submitted that ucnder such circumnstances the cabmart could not he required to take all the trouble and exertion of .Anding ot the loser. Evidence as to the prisoner's previous good charactr wa-s bfr. CREAsY told t-he iury that if a person found property 'it could niot be a larceny if he appropriated it, after reason- able erertoionhad' bken LMade to trAce out the person who- I ,loStit, 'or Lif there -were, no means of xestorinig it-tc. the owner; but was this a case of that hLind? The ~pri-Aner -knew where he.had put hiss fare down, and it was clear that the prosecutor'wstels farie he had beforae he put .his cab away on the day in question, and wheni he fou'nd' the bag of mnoney he might have presumed tha.t it was left 'there by the last persn -who roed in the cab ; b-t; instead 'finquiring at the place where bLe set the gentleiex,. down, -ewas found dealig -with part of the money thc nci;t day 'after.it was lost. According to thbe Lruling of the Judges it' :would be larceny if dlue and proper exertion were nol modAe to find out the owner, and, taking that view of thelow, the juymust say whether they thoug~ht the prisoner gailty of. 'this offences. IThne jury found him Gudity, but st rongly recommended him to mercy ont account of his previous good charactter and the temptationi he ha received. 2M. ?siaT' sid-the prosector could not forego pirose. cuting, but.he was most anxious t-o recommend the~ pnsoner ,to mercy, as the greater part of the mnoney-over 0-ld benreturned. 1i~. CEAmSY askced how Iobig the prisoner had been in custody. Onythnsentenced the prisoner to one month's hard labour.
POLICE. MA2,smON-EOUsE-TohnPratt, a young man of 19. of dissipated appearance, till within the last few days clen~ .6 thelankof Australsa Threadneedle-street, was brouvht before the LaORD MAor, upon the charge of having stolen and absconded vith 984 10s. belonging to his late employers. Mr. Mullens, solicitor to the Committee of Bankers for the Prevention of Forgeries and Frauds, appeared for the prosecntion. The prisoner was undefended. Mr. R. W. Wortham said,-I am a derk in the Bank of Australasia, at No. 4, Threadneedle-street. The prisoner was one of the junior clerklsthere up to and including the 2d inst. C.i tho 29th of August last a check of 1001 was drawn by the directors upon. Messrs. Smith, Pavne, and Smith, their bankers, for stamps. I identify that check. According to the practico of the bank the check would remain in a particular box until required for use, and it was the duty of the clerk who used itto enter the particulas in a book kept for thatpuzpose. On the lstinst. the prisoner rnade anentryinthebook,Eich Iproduee, ofhishavingtaken the check, the entry being "Check 1001 J. Pratt. S-ts." Themeaning*-f the entry is that the prisoner took the check from the bo:c for the purpose of getting stamps. On the aftenoon of the lst inst. the sum of 9S1. 10s., part of the proceeds of the check, was handed to mehy Mr. Eannaford On the morning of the 2d inst. I asked the prisoner if he was going to the Stamp-offloe again, ard, upon his telling me tnat e I handedhim the 9S1. 10s.whichIhad received on the previous aernon, and told him that he was to procure stamus to that amount for the bank. He then -left the bank, andI did not see him again till he was in custody. I have since hisabsence found at the bank-the papers which he ought to have taken with him in order to enable him to get the stamps. Bussell, police officer N`o. 34, said-I apprehended the prisoner between 12 and 1 o'clock yesterdey at a brothel in Bath-buildings, City-road. Upon askiig for hiim there ho was denied, but 1 found him in an upper room of the house in the company of four or five women. I said to him, "I believe your name is Pratt ? I take you into custody for robbing your employers of 981. 10s." He made no reply. I told him that I mtst search him immediately. He was m trousers only, andhad no shirt on. I put my hand into his trousers pocket, from which I took afew shillings. I asked 'hin for the remainder of his clothing, whenhe gave me his coat, in the pocket of -which I also found a few shillings. T asked him if-he couli tell me where the remainder of the - money was? He replied that he could not, and refused to Rive me any account *hatever of how he had disposed of it. Waile I was at the brothel he called me out of the room with the evident intention of telling me where it was whEichlI again asked him whiat he had done with it, wvhen he replied, "How can a fellow tell you where it is when he has lost it 2" I told him that he had not lost it, and tha-t he hai taktein a 201. note with him. He made no reply to this The LOsD MAYo' to the prisoner.-Do you wish to asic the witners any qcpestien? Prisoner.-No, thnk you, my Lord. The LoPsD MA'vose (to the officer).-Was the prisoner sober? Officer.-He wasveryimuch excited. l am sure he can tell us where 701. is, if he pleases. The LOsrsD MAYo0.-But war he sober? Officei.-I can hardly tell whether he was saffering from excitement or from drink. -Mx. Mullens.-This is all the evidence I have to adduce to-day, and upon which I ask for a remand. We have got to trace the notes, in order to ascertain where the rest of the money is. * The prisoner was remanded. Edlward Payne, a carman in the employment of Messrs. Charrington and Co.,, wharfingers at Queenhithe, was chaged with robbing his masters of two sacks of malt, and Willam Massar was charged with receiving the same, well Imowing them to have been stolen. After evidence had been given in support of the charge -the prisoners were remanded. John Edwards, a notorious thief, was charged with having attempted to pick the pooket of MrE. Hunt, the wife of a tradesman, of a purse, on Sunday afternoon. The prosecutnix stated that on the previous afternocn, as she was standing on the dummy at Dyers'-hall-wharf, she felt the prisoner's hand in her pocket, and on his takdng -it suddenly away she found her purse partly hanging out. She then called a policeman and gave him into custody. Mr, S.- Eunt, hnsband of the prosecutrix corroborated er testimony, and added that the prisoner. w~hen taxedwith attempting to steal tho purse, begged that he might be ThseI,ORD MAYOR (to rhe prisoner).-Hovw long is it smnce you wvere last here ? Prisoner.'-I have never been here before. oodman (chief clerk).-Oh yes you have; I recollect you very v.l Knight, a detective officer, said,-I know the prisoner as belonging to one of the worst gangs of pick-pockets in oindon, I have seen him repeatedly in the company of The LORD MAYOP. (to the prisoner.)-I shell comni,it you to prison with hard labour forthree months. Pnsoner.-Isupposel must put up wviththe three months, -but Iasseure yourlordship theoficer istellng a most auacioas lie. (Laughter.) * The LOseRD MAYOce-.-I only go -upon the officer's evi- -.Prisoner.-I don't at all blme you, my Lord, but the officer tells a-most palpable lie. The LOB) D YOR-You refused your address at the station-house. Plrisoei-.--Yes; because I did not want my mother to be frightened; she's7nearlying i c. b t - The LORD MYOR.-If you call brinzanybody to give you a character I will remand the case til to-morrow, sDnd suspend my judgment in the meantimae. I dare say we shall then have other officers present who know yon. Pzisoner.-I should Ike to be remanded. -. -The pisoner was then removed to a cel, and shortly after,.wards Partridge, the -gaoler, told the Lord Mayor that the perioner wished to be again brought up. Upon being placed m the dock, The LORD MAYoR said to him- 'What do you want now'? Prisoner.-I -would rather have my ticket at once. (Laughter.) The LOD MYOP.-So Ishould-think. I always like to accommodate a prisoner when I can. (Laughter.) You 'willgotoprison for three months, with hard labour., The LOaD !MALYor, in requesting that the press would acknowledge the receipt of 1 . from some friends at Boxiley, near Maidstone, for the relief. of the iufferers through the flling of a house in Swan-alley on Tuesday last, when five persons were killed aud eight others injuicd, said he wished it 'to bh known that 'upwards of 1004 had now been 'sabscribed towards the purposo in question, which was amply sufficient; but he was sorry to add that the expense incurred in sending hbmoe the natives of Walpole Island, Upper Canada, had fallen very heavily upon the poor-box, winch was quite empty. - - - BOw-SIRB,.-Harriet-Archer, a-laundress, was charged with illet?lly paWning aboUt 12. worth of linen wearing ! pparel, e proqertyof a lady named Williams. -t transpired in evidence that the prisoter advertied in D2ec Timesfor employment as a laundress.' The proseentrix 'answered the -advertisement, and was waited' uponin dae bourse by the prisoner who brduoht a written reference to lAdy Wodehouse's ionsekeeper, in 3 rnston-Tqtare. Satisfied- with the manner ind'appeaance of the'prisoher, Mrs. Williams did not-purme 'the rferene, but at once mntrusted'her withi- ta-linen. It was-nevar brounht back; and wlhen,, a fortnight afterwards, M Willizsns took steps to seek her, the,prisonef confesed' that AiIe ad pawned teaiclesin order to raisethe snone-neoeuary b redeem-tho wardrobe of anothearlady, whichhad.heenpre.eenTasydepositedwith apawnbroher. - a ; r _ i , '-'The cowAhble tetbat-.the-pawnbrokers hxd iven up the linen belonging to MrF, Wi1iaus, wikhout4em3r, wishing to avoid the n_ceety of attending ax the'Lcoart. MIr. H7T.,-YoU ought to habs insisted upon. theirattendanice. Havey~oi'been to the house in -Bryanaon. square to which reference wais given by thle psisonar?V ' The constable (E division) said he had not. Mrs. Williams stated that she had called, but the famuqy-+ree =-Riisi4, and woad not be Iack for three Mr.HAn~-Yn ae mch oreaei"e-and,thoughtful than the officer, andimight.var' wel1teac . ia emn The prisoner set up annasbhing story axbout.an- afflicted brother who baid just come fromii thie Cliimea,.and was to i3ave brought her some money, bat go dxunk and los~jt in-_ sEtead ; and also about a clergyman-in the outry who could, sipeal to her character, &c. 'RAT Therewastoonmuch reasont think that te pratice of. 'shich,h ha ee onited was a veryoo0mmon one. She must pay the penaly of 40s., and SZ being ufider the valie of theegoods paned, or be committied to hardlabour for lEAiaeOsouGH-SvnEra.-Jolm Gasrtt and James ?Xir. -h,the latter a.ticke -t-of-ea maui, -were brought before &TrBnRLON,-charged with garrotting And roibbing Mr. 'George Spseid, glss engraver, 44, Chxalee-streetu Grosvenor-street. re Gos Mr. S-apeeld, who appeared to be'suffering from recent -violenoe, Wad,-I..st night, about 12 o'clock, he was pawing thbrough Bruton-street, -when he turned down. an archway on the left-band side. -The prisoner Garrtt suddenly camne jbehind him, caught him round the: throat, and dragged him dOwn, comPressmnglhisatrotwithsomuchforceastoprevent Mlm fromn calling out or doinig an.y more thau groani.- The other prisoner, Morph',, came up to him, and beLt him about the facx -with his fsie, cuLtting -his mouth aLnd making it bleed. T.he, prisoner-Murphiy then laid - hold - of the Albert chtain- attached to 1is watclh and tore it away. -Hz groans forttnately attracted the attention of the poclie who hasened to the spot, and the prisoners.ran off. The prisoer GarVtt soue ne hC throa so tightly onaduheias aidu stherangled, an he wash still suffein t from the injur immtedh prioners him e Hspot atchna wt two tken, b her Alber pzscutin, worh aout2 was dw othi ake groang d been iformnti. deie fro -hple iand had not Pice-cnstablesWlson l0 si-hep wnaauh s gionh duthy i dthe aeron way whi weas bin and thed orhae nod hes immediathely ranst te spt,andgauiphy.twolpmivsoners over -the prosseuton. w ase owas om a dehis tachse gr aing bucting. ast soouas the poner cagt sgt ie. they lft the prosecutor and temd toe grt sai. He pturuedb wthtBentw-s Sr; nfoiso,h,neintaepoloe,has3heispa Meaphy tan ize nocsr tody. ur hsaid,yW [aoyorfnt w Othme o Snmiamorhntuin in qttheStpiOnsonerbatt tol the mpews, andorrsctoedid the identifd thi a b geduatyhai not seardhing uhe affw r knis ec w iefndf inhis a psioe ossin A.each sin made forth slench --Police-cogenstbe LDomes, 0 13, said, he bmwteaprdiscufflin and hro aning the e mogetw h eranii n V to the platcerntd trfound ther prOs tor d own a ou them groun and senterugin sistben wthAnsore Ilaemet cli otnowalingther thae fomther tte tw prisoner,a wot , i o n se ing trepoicn, btthem thed teso o esae.ieve seizeo wasra ticewof said, rWataduyo wtit e? Ikntowlnotht9ffinaautriot." the statinta Tersoner told teran spe thated hid sathemet tob nde thaot uirp tha ronoey,thi to o 'withy hed ffairn seod ch ing Gt,hat knf eaa bwasoun inhistkenforane er man. Both prwne oomen Bfly samittd h nwtepioes andha senfohematiogdethveIroinVithaorisreit,Wesmnster, gaetn ousevies atron the roberasy Mpahy thad be tof e trascprted s,H d=i .ot know whetherth mother prisn a de been e sen tee t ntio. n, whute lcth -reaso toh believehboutool was Da ckto-lave man. -tet Thesprinsoner,h mayrt bepaehi stenahtemen thranigthem-on devsidnthe rober,tatd offurhryi~ai hensrad-nhing tdowtheit, _and that turhy hadoit bee iithke faror~ aHnwothrigmane. From "C L31 s infrmtinberied from tl frhe poloei pers that garo ETItinoffnc Sareanhe inReasel, tat x.Wthey rewesa an ofnth wodlorst character pardsl wofm40,inanumber,emostto -wom a breeieve taowae Wticetlo-olaveme, woelcto Inspincthre-neighourthoo of )clivsano oie~ and-lPy-teeon -te Sotmn ester, wholmay, be Tseen thatl arranging them-oc in seles mointobad of Sna we .'efounoa s-, annfhenspreaingthm sbehves over ifrn at of the metrono14e. i- Ithsro thisaeli gaokng-that te mjrt ftegroti' fecsoiiae A- romr . N H.O Id. 5s. hasbeng ordeevd foteorbs vingEn. s Saraha fuselbo, aomfresetably dresed, droppang hwerp Infant in thea third-clas bookn-oTfmeoftheT5k Sous,wth-etr dItosla' Whaterloony-prsoad. piefri anspectrs Ben t,i ofy apleltthe wivsonlof sepolie temp hloyd,o th oth-Weter Rilwemay, deposed that at abougt be o'loc intemrit of unay but k she found ax n in fan-th lsying bein constbe oi' thare afdvsertiingborsi the,third-clas Mr.l{oernWaitlvig rded - - r. A.Bent.-Yevng,Sir;-acfrne boy,acomfothablyewrape hiouse with diurectonsthat cifden -any perso apiedfort haitg Ibmigh berln madseaquarinte ith the feact. ofher prisoaner, it aas,hecs thi docay applefact tfher workhoue fror the cimoled,e w-stating tha itisi her-s, ntegging PotsoLh,adtshe-ih beoa-oig officto teeitg awy butd shel crwasaa geiven witohexcursotoyf asconstablie oniancarged tof desrtin the infant. whr-tva ounrl aonaoplace she madverm anyr statement about kthe i-Lin fant? othl- -,I - Mr. Bent.-Yes. Sir;shanumd fomnthiea~s tat-euna his at -betmaenbor longqsubsesuet to he deatho aoft her hPusbnd she nowished to concealt thfactofnther shae papr omthefknoldge -of ther frieds. Ond thtse Sundiayelymornngin qustionsshe an going tbouvst her istfrin Portshemodeuth aher hooing-atal office bein apy good t deal coded spl at the tim mthexrso passtengerisonser managed ato-dro thoue inant wheprted itswa fond hedp blaced the advertisingbar beOre itda inek shent Jefhoeerly into-hae yenor ascrtaie-henpros-a she (reture fromdPrsDdoviiigerstra rtsmouth.?and Mra.Bgernwthout,i theeturnddon thesaoloieSgnayninght -but madke no hequrisathsaio about it tn he sinfd s'he nohays that she swithher acutinsther paprof the latndincL+ of the bodyean thatse utimately became suc disetrsed, -fineindeabout her infant tat she madeupheaynd sta llon -riks topr1ysonr it,reandt didcare soappl tat the Lhmugtt said therdyisoner lodedat sher haaouse, batse upportvedrsey andhr. childr en-b dressaking Ons Suneittday welek she -leftd home leafl inthe mninf ort atheopurpose,was nht cwitnssten undh erstoodmen of visti erasistersat-Portsmouh,ean uningter, woithoutso nthe cid on the followingfmoning,x sfhewspokedtoherdaboutit, n hesi shewudadoenc hald lef. at witht thoe fisther.thnDurtingtherlattler and p on erpe, that monn theifred faher inesof the iatruth of er laving therefinfant 4oat nth rfaiwysation. Th pZrisoer,oin hrepssido thetchare, saidethat the thoughtsofnerertin hersbaby ocmcur:redpetoaherity ammnt wheron sheoaduct upew what prshe wras abou;dbutseewa nowod er Mr. Xoarox femarded the actiwone premeItaftue d,els she woulmd thavlet ther infant, h wat hombe. Itewsel not consiste, wihom she wase going to vst,e tortkhue teifn pr WAepiDswonerrpied,. thAtmwako1d the fahrrfte enan -a deipd,o an thvereforeshe could . not"aforlithe uit. uat An ack~renowledgherewa sid, that tn2he Temdsbofthe pi ceeolndut upotothpresn. rnatohdbe o
TEB LAw oF MAauiam Some comments; on the English law of marriage and divoroe are reported in the LiveiplO Chronicle as having been delivered by the stiaendi angistrate in a case of conjual. uarrelling bro;ght aefore Dnm. Charlotte nchett, a mlddle-azed-woman, posse3sing amost fiendish countenance, and attired-in rags, was plaoed s.t the bar and chargad with mssulnP her husband. The womn had previousiy been before fe magistrate on a similar ch rge. and, on his sngestiong an arrangement was entered Into, by winch thehusbandalovwad .the wife 4s. per week- for her maintenance.. After living apart for some time Ehe implored her hnsband to take her back, promising to amend her conduck and her solicitations beingso earnest, he yieldod to her desire, afdinatters went on.favourably for a short time, when sh reneowo-he.-old lhabits of coming home diuink indc assaultilg him and his *worknen. Sho threw pieoes of iron at him, pitched others into the street, abused the cistomers, and oven beat them. She st-ripeod her children of their cothes and pawned.them - for drin-, and had otherwise s'opconducted heelfas, to cal for the iterference of the bench.,. Several of the comp Inats witnsses, incuding P _licamen and- othersde posed tio th accuracy of - the larrative given above,, and added that the unfortunate womaa was constantly drunl:, tad sold her hildren's- clothes,t their bedding, and tevery articd she could procur,e be and-n wich she sould get money. Her language, too, waz of-the most abominable description.: X..JMhfld, -. the -stiper diarye magistrate,- aad the l,aw3-o,f th-country .s -ao bonstructei that if the wifeosr3ped her children and sold their clothes' ihe condnot bepwia,shed asa* Ion, the fiction of law, holding: that shbe too,k hier,Own property.- By a uperstitious notion, or, perhaps ,he snigthtray, s telicacy of feel-. Sing, the sanctity of marige ws so regred that there war not any p,owes, howv,erahominable the wife's coadact might be, to ebtsin adiVor,ce; and for a,a io be linked tosnuc A woman as this wa a- far greater nient tha- he carried aco -pse. upn his beck ul it u rod a .f him.- Te course ho should take: would be calling, on the nros t fid-vtzheavy bail-sineb, tro uretsin WOi 8^Ch, ad,be bv anlhe lf D t1 o koep thepe-efor 12 renoh,' ,Bai, of oonrse, was not forth,oming, and she weW removed. -: - T:Hi: TEA B , Spt. s-me deliv iiiVB u Iendon, estimated forfo the'ee were 696,O381b., being a decrese of O~306lb, compared mith the previous aatemet
Tix CHuflO DIPyICITES £ieh difficulties have Arsen in the parish of St. James's, Clerkenwel, in referenc to -the electwon of a minister for ft.tdistrict. Acting upon the opinion of Sir FitzroyKelly, tbattfheight of the pisioners to elect les passed from them to the newrXtrp nder the Ist, 2d, and Srd sections of the 19kh and 20th Vctoria, chap. 1U2, -he -veeth have claimed the 3ight of noMination, and have annoced t they will recerre apnplical;ions froml clergymenwishing to become candidates, until Monday next, the 15th inst. The }ew difficulties which have uuen are in cconexioniith ibe appointment to another church in thesamedistrict, And whch the Bihop of London has formlysequestrned It appears that during theincumbency of the Bev.W. Ei LF l-ader,thelatemiistr, St.JaCeesChapel, PentonviUles was convrted into a perpetual curacy, an aeclesistical district assignel to it, and -fe Bev. Dr. Anthony Lefroy Ocurtenay, chaplain to the E,rl of Hardwicke, appointed to tbe incu,mbency. Dr. Courtenay repudiates the sequestrAtisa on the ground tha the recent act of Lord Blandfor4 pee-cribe tat a e curte sha not be in anywJie sub. Ject to the controlorinterference of the rector, vicsr, 1r minister of the parish or place from which such distrim ohaipeliyha11 have been talce, and that this act, according to the opnion f the Attorney ndSolictor Generaleha ssuper dse the local acts of `lerkenwell. Mr. Wakeling, Wbe .aesky clerk, hat written to Dr. Courtenay, censuring his "iimpudent sumption of power," andc hinting at an action for tresp At- the instance of the .rests;', also, the following case has been- submitted to Sir Fitzroy Kelly:-"Whether Pentonville Chapel, being made a district church, and Dr. CourtenaybeiDg appointed to the cure of souls for tbat district, will i .anyuannerinterfere ith the rhts of theministerto be -appointed in the place of -r. Faulkner, or the minBr choren will have full powers to act under the local aot by virtue of which Pentonville Cha&elWas purchabed by the -prishionere of ClerkenwelL" To 1ihis Sir Fitzroy Kely re-plied an follows Ax" to the points aring uon the urch Building Acts and the hpel at Penbrville, Irquire much rmore detailed informatioa before Ican pronounoe an opinion. It is claw,however,that the cbapel,-which s to be of -considerable pcniay vaue, bn-deadt wit -n an unuthorized nmner, and that the testees who held tbe property in it for the beneit of- te paishioner of Clerell oUt to ave intpoed long ago to check the proeding aid to hav en d bU Dr. Gourt-way, and that they Ought noe tfor wtabr p e-zisI ofthe body of p ne w they:pmt" -Dr. Co~zrtenay int d nt. _v eewitf e i;s inSt.. lapy g YhS w the wh' o cm*od aIthe alam _ .j X is- k of the ~~s e - ob eumy p-sehty of pe fl-xm EsaaF.-Thobtlng Ii e r ins ¢ot. land isnee.lyove rfor the aaeon,d is, uspon the whole, beow tart of 5 Thehief deficien. ison the CQathnm cast, and hm been oosioed by sormy eather.
AM ICA. TThe . LVERPOOI, MONDAY. SheO CLn.d scremw steamer Eltna arrived to-day with advices from New York to the 21th. In the Senate on the 27th Mr. Cas3 presented letters from General Persifer F. Imith, wlhich he I .obtained at the ar Department, giving an account I of the movements of the United States' troop-s in! Kansa,S.' In these litters Geneial Smith states that the reports which had been' going the rounds of the newspapers were gi-oss fabrications, anti that the troops had not done anything to interfere with the citizens, excepting to guard the prisoners charged with treason. After the reading of these letters the Senate proceeded to consider the bill itroduced yesterday by Br. Teller, to repeal certain'laws of: the' Kansas egislature. MIr. Hunter stated' that tae Senate had aliready passed bills containing the same provisions as this, and sent them to the House. The Senate then adjourned. In the House of RIepresentatives Nr. MrQueen 'asked, but did not obtai, leave to offer a preamble declaring it manifest that no Army Bill odiald be passed, and concluding with a ressolution, providing for the adjournment of Congress on thefollowiag 'Thursday. . , Mr. Houston asked, but did not obtain, leave to offer a resolution requiring the Speaker to direct The Sergeant-at-Anms to bring absentees to the bar of the House, excepting those excused on account of the sickness of themselves or families, and that each absentee be telegraphed to return, they paying their own expenses. The accounts from Kansas state that 2,500 men from the border cointies were ready to enter Kanss on the 22d-ult. Four- hundred of General Lane's men were on the north side of the Kansas river, for the purpose of intercepting those who might go to the relief of Lecompton. General Smith had gone to the relief of that town with a large body of troops. GeneralRichardson,with a large body of territorial militia, had gone to thenorth-Western part of the territory to cut off the retreat of General Lane, should he attempt to escape. Colonel Titus, who was wounded at lawrence, was not expected to survive. A large meeting had been held in New York to 1ear an address from Governor Reederon the wrongs - of Kansas and their remedy. The following is the address:- "I come before you not upon the mission of a politician, but I come before you to discuss a question that rises far above the common aims of politicians, and involves the charncter of this great and (as we are comDlacently accustomed to call it) this model republic, not inhay minor or second. ary important matters, but in that which constitutes its great strength end essence. I have come to discuss no less a question than whether the character of this great model republic, that rears itself in all the panoply of self-complacency, pride, and gratulation upon its past achievements, shall in the future be entitled to the admiration of all the nations of the earth-whether it has the ability to protect its own citizens in the essential right of repnblicanism-that of self-government itself. It has been customary -with us to challenge the admira-tion of the world to the-fact that during the ,000 years which have rolled around since the creation of the globe it was reserved for us to demonstrate the problem of self.governmeit; and prove to the world that it has never accomplished before what has been demonstrated in our experience. (Applause) It has been the fashion for us to claim that self-government was no longer a problem, but that it had been reduced to a positive and absolute certainty. I teli you, my fellow-citizens, that events havo been transpiring within the last few years that cause every thinking man to stop and inquire whether wve have indeed demonstrated that problem. Let us see, in looking over our past history, whether there are any events that may lead the monarchists of Europe to shake their heads in joyous doubt whether that problem has been solved. Look over the face of this land. You see one of the States of this Union that for the last six vears, -with a constitution such as yours, has been srug'gling to sustain itself, and to grant to every individual under the shadow of that constitution his legal and constitutional rights, but, failing in this experiment, they have been obliged to cast aside that constitution, and resort to an absolute revolution in order to protect their citizens in their social, civil, and legal rights. The Government of California has at least proved a failure, and it needs the corrective of revolation in order to bring it back to its original purity. There -is an event that leads us to doubt whether this problem of self-governnent has been demonstrated, and which in connexion iith other events inust address itself seriously and directly to the judgment of every man, and set him at work in order to correct the evils which exist in our Government and among our people. The speaker, after enlarging at further length upon this topic, then proceeded as follows :-This is not the only instance that should teach every man to address himself to the solemn consideration of the present state of our country. ook npon the plains of aensas, and-who is there with burning eloquence sufficient to depict the state of things that exists there ? Baffled and defeated before, I confess my total inability to convey to you a realizing sense of the true stateof affairs in ansasis. No man can realize it unless he has actually had a part in the troublds There and has witnessed for himself the outrages which have been there committed. I can only say that upon the plains of Kansas, under the shadow of the stars and stripes, and nader the protection of the constitution of this model repubhc, there is to be found a people whose conditio, civil and political, you vwnuld improve if you were to transfer them to the Government of thd Czar of Russia, the Emperor of Austria or France. (Applause.) Is this true? Wlhy, it is capable of the plainest and surest demonstration to any man who knows all the facts in the cae, or even a few of them. it is an admitted, unquestioned, and andenied truth that the people of that territory have no act or part in their own government, and they have no lawvs of their own making.- They have no taxes of their own levying; they have no officers of their own electing; they are slaves-political slaves, subjugated by a foreign power, with no shadow or semblance of self-governument-the complete subjects of the border counties of the State of Missouri, who dictate to them their laws, institutions, and officers. Are the subjects of France, Austria, or Russia less free, politically, than thLese? I tell you their condition would be inproved if you could spread over them such a government as that of France, Austria, or Russia. If you did that, they would at least have security for life, Uberty, and property, and they would have their judicial tribunals to which they could appeal for a redress of their wrongs, for indemity for proDerty destroyed, houses rifled, and for punishment for robberies and murders. Lawlessness, outrage, rapine, and crime run, riot over the beautiful prairies of Kansas, and there is no arm of the law to stay their course. On the contrary, the robbers, ravishers, and murderers of Kansas have n their own hands the arms of the law, and they are made the ministers of this awful and horrible system of civil, political, and social oppression. Governor Reeder then recapitulated at length the history of the outrages perpetrated in Kansas during the last two years, after which he proceeded as follows:-This work goes on, as I tell yen, step by step, end I am afraid that it has been too much the case in the States to look upon these outbreaks as events due to some sudden excitement as you would look upon an affr-y upon your own streets, happening out of some immediately surround-' ing circumstances, having its origin there upon the spot, and having its end when the immediate violence was over. I tell you, my friends, if you have entertained such en opinion of the state of things in Kansas, you have been grossly mistaken. All these outrages are due to premeditation, they all have been resolved upon in council, and all form a Dart of this great plan. They have been pushing that plan step by step towardsits consummation. flow near has Lt arrived to that consummation? On the first Monday of October, -M6, we are to have another election, and you will .perhaps be startled when I tell you that it requires but two elections, and will probably occupy but six or eight months more, before a slave constitution wil be adopted by Kansas, to be subTnitted to the Congress of the aUnited States. It is so, nevertheless. [A Voice-" Send * themn more rifles 1 (Cheers.) On the first Monday of Oct ober, 1856, an eection is to be held under the authority ef the bogus territorial Legislature, at which the people are to yote Convention or No Convention. Every preparation - has been made to carry that election as they have carried all the previous ones. The men who are to conduct that - election ore :11 elected and picked ex ressly for the purpose. - They axe picked by the Board of County Commissioners, and they will be picked with especall 'reference to the work -which- they are required to do, Eazge bodies of aried anen wll b sent from the Stats of Missouri to surround the felsat this election, and to control them; but observe, my fends the ingenuity with which this thing is managed. -They den2t likie to risk the shock which public opinion -migt receive in the south, as well as in the north, by parad- ng those armed men around the pols in the same manner in which It waZS done on the 30th cf March, 1355. They * hae Lnseen care tio provido that those bands of armed ruffians who are to ontrol our polls onthe firt Monday of -Ocobr sal beThre ccrdig o lw.This may seem ate se horsesaccordi a to law,gwho 4nst-ezl amms Ones. acod. toLweh . tG aeOr,il-1 tosaw, vdio can murder men acordin tolwca id little difficulty in arranin : th gIg athi s c = of theprogamme. (Applause.) They have acco gly ir3there eTt on the firt Monday of-Oetobec 16, thfieer,eth shal be a. great miltia trining C n eve * county in the territo. L auvgrhter. W n wc pin top ourtbreth the r o t t of he ates that on the day -of this election ech poll was surrounded by bodies of armed men, we'll be tol i by the rufFian at home an yt.lheir apologists hero that it was a leg milit of tra . g(Cheera That election wll be held. Dhes rome one say to Me that this can be prevented by the -army of the United andtib onlythe troops of the United States wil be sent ouLt there to Prevent this invasion?z .-Without sto)spi to0 dislcuss the quiestion whether they will or wil no~, it is enough for me to say. that, no maztter -whether the army isteeor net, that election will be car-: arisd. NWo army officer can. interfere., betw.een corrupt end .perjured judges inthe subjugation of tbeFree State mhen-no, army officer, whether he be General Smith or Colonel Sumneq- can interfere between the judge and the voter, in put. tin" a stop to the corruption that wil control that electron. 'I t~l yen that in t-he present state of things nur people Wit -not. approacah these- polls, because it will ,be a hopgieas -effoart This whole, work is perfornied with the excepotion of the last+ granid act, TheLgsare meet ; .they -order one more election of delegates. to -a - cozistituxtiona conv.enti.on. These deleggates are elected in t-he seime 'way, and thea w,ork- is done; and it Only remains for them toa conae together anado apt a slave constitution and send it to Congress for admission into the-Union. This contest isE transfezred from theplxin _of Xansea to the halls of Con gress, and it willthere blebattled byjjoun. Then comesi , issue asout "December,' 185l7 noui the, admisiin,6ufKrisa Anto the Union before the neil Coa.es. 'I would' that : :had.a tumn etvice to pkrcclsaim '&every mmtt in thi land that te manr he votes for as reareseLtive in: the House in tie fall of 1858 wil bathe.mal who must cheeose betweetn the Free State constitution, adapted :at Topeka, kid betwreen the Slave State c03sitUtioa which wfil be adopted somewhie tse. (An )lanie.) I want this ccusntry to see that this issne w,ilL comn', Sand I want every m=ant' to fi:s his eye upaCont this event -which is coming, and, just as certaluli' as the sun will rise to-morrow, I wvant binsl to see the time and the place where it will come. I want him to befaithful tohis dfttoi? tho premises, and to see that wheni it comes it will be properly met. (Applause.) When that does come, every man, every member of Congress, and- every political party inthe Union, must meet that issue, and must take, ground in %!fvour of the admission of Kansas as a Free State uLnder'the Topeka. coiatitution, or its admission un4er a Slave State constitution. -,Uere let ioe say that I differ from some of my friends in regard to Toombs's bill, passed by the. United States' Senate. I was not unwilling that that biU shouldl passthelHouseasit did-the Senate, with one alteration, which it is not necessary forms now to mention. Not thaf; I differ from my friends as to its effect, for I believed then, as I believe now, that it would bring a Slave State constitutjion to the Halls of Con gressY. I believed thtat a- Slave State constitutfion would come. theme . ayhow, and finding it was not coming by Dauglas's ;sndT.oomubs's hip], I knew it would be brought about by the coming elections, When this issute comes int December, 185?7, yan w.ill find some men going fora SIhve State constitution, and you will find a set of men, half-wa.y men, who will be seekiu places of refuge between the two sides of the question, who will want to set those constitutions aside and adopt some measure which will requre the people of the territory to vote upon that question again. was in hopes that experiment wouldbetrned now, thatthat questionwouldhe outof the way anaibyDyecember, 1857, thatbiU would come backinthe way which we predicted, and bring this issue squarout beforo the American people-before everv man in office. I have nothing further to say an that question. Now, to retrn to the subject of this country in the selection of their representatives in the Lower House of Congress. Theymustbe selected with a view to the question which they will inevitably have to vote upon. Ilhave shown you that thiswork is almost consummated, and so far as I have followed it in its political aspects, passing over for the time the condition of the people of the torritory, it is for you to look on and see the two remaining acts in this drama, for it is almost completed.- I -undertake to predict here, and do so fearlessly, that you will see the election carried in October by an inYSasion from Missouri-you wil see the delegates adopt a pro-slavery constitution, and it wiU go to the halls of Congress. Watch the result, and you will find these predictions verified, and it. is for von to shape your course with referenico-t them. Wil this state of things affect Kansas alonee? Let any man in the audience take tho map of his country, and he will perceive that the territory Of Kansas is only 200 miles wide north and soutb, and extending nearly 900 miles to the summit of the Rtocky MNountains ; lut beyond that, to the shores of the Pacific Ocean, he will find that there is territory enougah to make sin States as large as Pennsylvania. -With a majority of free men upon the plains of Kansas, and it a slave-State, I will thank any man to tell mehow he is goingto save the second, the third, or the fouth, each due further and further out of your reach-each one with more slave States intervening. Is the thing possible? Is it not obviously palpable that if we lose the State of Kansas we lose that entirbody of States at the Pacific Ocean, and when we have lost them and have thus isolated the territory of NewMexico which lies below, and left it to be carried by the slave States on the North-will any reflecting man tell me how-much of the territory of New Mrexico we will get? Will he tell me how this is to be had? Will he tell mo that sufficient numbers can be got there through the slave States. to prevail against the violence and the force of the slave States th.t wil be brought to subdue it ? No; they wiiU all be lost, and this entire territory will be handed over to slavery. (Hear, hear.) This half of a continent is all lost to the North and to freedom. This is a momentous question in many respects. Let me direct your attention to a few of them. These Northern States may be likened to a tub under a fountain, all the time boiling over with a surplus population, and streaming over thevast West and hunting homes in that fair terxitory-a constant stream of surplu3 population running westward like a vast river, which, were it concentrated, wouald build up a new State every five or six years. Will any man deny that slave labour and free white labour cannot exist together? It is a pronosition admitted by everybody, that where one is the other cannot be. Well, then, suppose you dedicate one-half of this continent to negro Ing to slave labour, you shut off this entire stream of northern emigration-you shut the gates of the wvhole vast West, Kansas, Deseret, and New Mexico to the North, and turn back this human tide to throw itself upon the States of the North and the North-West. If you deny this great territory to the free labourIng man, you see that to him the gates shall be closed for ever, and all of it dedicated to the negro, and not to the white man. Have the labouring men of the North considered the import of this question to them-the drayman, the hodman, the miechamnc, the day labouaer? Every man who earns his bread by the sweat of his brow, or who, by the changes offortune, may be compelled to do so-every man who expects to leave a posterity to find homes in this country, has a deep interest m it. Let us illustrae tis by the North-West territory. Suppose these things had occurred 20 years ago instead of now, Suppose the gates of that territory had been shut against free white emigration, and all that great territory had been dedicated to negroes; sanp pose the white labourers had been shut away, and the millions of people who now swarmn over the West were all turned back upon these, what would be the fate of the labourer? This is not amatter to dispute about; it has been demonstrated in Ireland and in China, and the result will be the same here and everywhere. When you refuse to let the free white labourers of the country go West to make themselves a home, and lay the foundation of homes for theirchildren, yoa refuse to let them better their own condition or the condition of those they leave behind. Our labourers go West, and thus the walks of labour at home are prevented from the surplus which reduces to starvation. But suppose you throw back this vast tide of emigration, and refuse to let the free labourers occnpy this soil, what then can they hope? All the walks of labour at home are filled and filled again, until they are choked up; the vages of the labourer decrease in proportion, urtil at last the imomense mass of honest labour becomes one vasi body of degradation, poverty, ignorance, and crime. ('That's true.') This is not problematical. It has been clearly demonstrated in the history of the world again and again. Look at Ireland, where a few years ago the walk-s of labour were choked up, and the supply was greater than the demand, till an ablebodied, intelligent man could earn barely enough to keep body afid soul together, and 51. or 60. was the price for a year's labour. What was the cause ? Just precisely what it would be in the case I have sapposed. The supply choked the demand till the price of labour was reduced to almost nothing. (A Voice.-' Tern cents, Jimmy.' Laughter.) Idid not hear the remarkof my friend. ('Ten cents a-day.' Renewed laughter and applause.) 5?. or 61. for the labour af an intelligent, ablebodied man for a year-and you see the cause in the system of Ireland. You have seen also its remedy, and that is precisely the remedy I would apply here-emigration. Ireland became flooded with a surplus of labourers. labour became subservient to capital, and the labourer almost the slave, and the capitalist almost his master. Ireland poured out its exodus of labourers ; and now behold the Iabouring men of that country earning the comforts and even the luxuries of life, and you see the effects of the depletion of overbardened ranks of labour. Go to China. This system has been in operation there; and! again the truth of this position has been demonstrated. There has been no emigration-no seekingl of new homesno interest of the soil; and the people, denied emigration, have been filling up and.thickening year byyear, until they have become, as I have already remarked, one mass of degradation, poverty, ignorance, and crime; and now depletion at length takes place, byselling them as slaves tothe West Indies and this continent. Is there any man in the North who wishes t see this state of tnings here? Are we ready to dedicate aU that vast territory to the negro? If it were to be dedicated to the profitable labour of the negro, that would be bad enough; but it is to be given to the South to be wasted; for there is not a Slave State that is half full, but the soil is wasted and abused. Mfy time does not allow me to enter into any elaborate consideration of this question, but it is replete with interest to every man who loves his country and has his hopes invested in its future. It is a question between the labourin; men- of the North and the negroes ofthe South. Thefree lbbo±tiing n2zi of thelorth should know that the people of K1anas are figliting his batties, and fighting t6settle the question whether he shallh_ve a right to go there and build a home for himself antd childlren. (G:reat applause.) It is, in fact and in truth, a question between white men and [negroes, and nothing iesg,, Suppose these territories fall into the-hands of the Soutb, andbecome States. Each State will send two senators, the South will have the preponderance of power, and when dci you suppose we will get it back ? ('Never, never ! not while we have a doughface.') You. say truly. It will be andver. Nothing will get it back except bloodshed and revolution., If that oower passes into their hands hvw will they use it? Will they ba more scrapulous in using than in acquiring it l f they acquired it by robbery, and fraud, and marder, will they use it more magnanimously? ('(No, no.') And. their first measure will be to open the slave trade, filling the country with negroesestolen from their native land. Not only this, but they wil give free transit to slaveholders into the Free States with theiralaves, thus taking the first step towards carrying into execution the threat of Sonstor Toomhs, that he would call the roll of his slaves beneath the shadow of: Bunker-hill. ('Never, never I-they cannot do that.'] Yes, youl say never; hbut the man who says never must do never. (Great a.pplause and three enthusiastic cheers for Fremont.) Faith is a veryvgood thing;,but 'faith vithout works is dead, being alone.' It is a very good thing to have faith that the slavehelder shall not call thle roll of his slaves on the soil of the Free States; but theam2wvvowonld prevent it mus beGin the workm in timne. It will not do for -men to say ' never,' and sit dovn inl the fulnegg of their faith til the work is accomplished. Thel man who would prevent it mustiso to work mn season-he must discern thc danger in the dThstnee, and use prevention instead of cure. I have seen, not long since, men whore conducet I could not v-iplain or reconcile, except on the supposition that if the South should demand it of them, they would have slavery among you an tvhe North. I have seen men in CongrGss whose votes I could explain upon no other principle. And I believe there are mnen among you now who, wvere the gLcation raised, wouzld be ready to introduce- it into New ork ('No, no!'~) It iS so! ('Yes I no doubt of it.') Yes, there are such men to be found, and their conduct can be exiplained in no other way. t'That is it; that's the [ daoirse.') Tt and time I should have believed -this idle tl; btthat true has gone by, and the-existence of thig shc-Eould put every man uZpon his guard and snake him eceedingly sensitive tcipublic -opinion upon this subject. EAfter denouncing the infamomsf tyanny of judidiel officers an te terrtory, and vindicating the course of the Free State men in forming the constitution which had been sulb- . . . .~~~~~t mitted to SCoJxess, he closed ausfollows4]-Inpw desira to call your attention'to the remedi. ( oudax$auso.) Yout know what the remedy should be in Uijlhtcabarbir; -f | the qauestion. ' Iinow speak ot the con_dti6of 'our peeplt' and I scs-cely kno-i how to broach it. YemnhavesEeen that civil war now exists in Xansits. For months it has now been waged upon us, but ithas now become recijiroca. The I men of our tenritory, who were restrained by p±adeitial' consderations for months, have broken all bounds. They had enlured this rapine and ontrage beyond all hams belief. During the time that the bordertu±iufns were encamped upon the Wakeruss, investing Lawrence, there was- a desire on thie-part of the people bE LIawrence to attack their camp; but the leaders discouraged the attempt. Btsoonafterthemurderof Barber iti-s with the greatest difficulty that the men could be restrained; and a secret arrangement was made on the part of.some of the men by ;vlieh they determined to go out and attack the camn p on their own hook.- (Applana So 'exasperited, and eutl xasperated, were the men at~ thle outrages -whichbhad! heen committed, that it was with the greitest 'difficuilty that the leaders were enabled to restrain them after thec diBcoveryof the plot. Previous to thcsackingdf Lawrence,when it wras supposed that a contest was impcending in relation to the arrest of prisoners, the question v;as moooted in private council whether: those prisoners who were sought to be arrested should remain there and resent the attempted arrest; and make a fight at that time, 3r whether they shonld dis3ppear. Upon consultation it was found that'ammuni-' tion-and provisions were scarce, and'- that a successful resistan6e to these outrames could not be -made. Even theft thre people were dissatisfie&. And subsequently, when the sacking of Lawrenso took place, and thconmitteeofsaretyhad determined not to have a contest, the psoplewere again dissatisfied. They required the Committee of Safety to resign. It. was only after a new committee came to thie same determination that the people nally I submitted Since'that time outrage had been piled upon outrage; the leaders, whose prndent counsels prevented them from coming in collinon before, were taken from them; the people having borne tiU forbearance could last no longes4, and finally, seeing the meshes closing around them, seeing fort after fort, blockhouse after blockhouse, erected in their midst, and seeing Southern troops, supported in part by the border counties, and in part bv the F1'ree State inliabitants, coming into their midst, and seeing the Miszouri river blockaded against the entrance'of free State emigrants-'seeing all this preparation goigzon -with a view of exterminating the Free State men, they could bear no longer. They saw the mangled and bloody corpses strewn over the prairies-they saw their houses in flames-they saw idle fields, uncultivated -because they had been deprived of the meams of tilling the m-they saw winter close- upon them, threatening them with the horrors of starvation-; they became desperate and anticipated the conflict by striking the -first blow (protracted] cheering)-the first b,lov -of this occasion, but not until after they had been beaten to the earth by the- blows of '5-, '55, and '56. They rtcaptured some of the arms of which they had beeii despolied in the sack of Lawrence; they recaptured -sonie of the arms and ammunition; they drove from their forts two parties of those Southern bravos; and now the whole westein border of Missouri is teeming with prepAration to crush out the Free State men from the territory of Eansas; and I tell you when that shalt be, when that lissouri 'army shall march upon the soil of Eansas, and' citsh out that little band of sturdy and desperate pariots amid the flames of houses and the shrieks of women, the last hope of freedome will din wi th them. '(Voices-' Never! never.') When that little hand is destroyed, -when again can we expect to fill that country with sach another body of men so well prepared for their defence as they are now ? No body of emigrants could be sent but what would -be met at the threshold. Now is the only timo to save the territory by saving and sustaining the men who are noWv oh itssoil. (Protracted cheers.) They must be saved, or all must be given upaud lost. (Sensation.) The last hope of freedom in the far West is with 'hem. If you will save them you wilt save Kansas; but if you allow them tobe submerged, Kansas and nlf the territory behind it is lost to freedom, and is lost to free white labour, and dedicated to the blig,hting influence of negyro slaverywhite slavery exists there already-hut white 'slavery with human freediom will both ho drowned in the blood of the defenders of the latter, and: its soil will be a dark and gloomy waste. Now what is the remedy? | (Voice-' Eleet Fremont.' Cheers)' I have made up my mind, fellow-citizens, as to what the remedy is, and I proclaimed that opinion last spring, as soon as I was cnabled to tread the soil of a free state, and that opinion I give you. I say here, that unless men are raised and put upon the soil of Kansas, supported, sustained, and fed there, she will be lost. (A Voice-" That's it." Applause.) Men must be sent there-mLen who are willing to defend themselves, able to defend themselves, prepared to defend themselves, and determined to defend themselves. (Enthusiastic cheers, followed by three cheers for Beecher.) We want no preponderance of inen, for experience has shown that when our people have met lssonrians in equal numbers, the contest is not doubtful. The Free-State men ask no odds of the invaders, but a freo field, if it mast be settled in that way, and , a fair and even fight. (Prolonged cheers.) Long, patiently, meesly, and forbearingly have they suffered these wrongs, in the hope of avoidingthis violence but thiseontest= of violence hasbeen long on one side; and if it must be mutual it should be met as3men should meet it. (Chec in) The remedy is to put men on that soiL. They cannot be put there v,'ithont being 'fed. If you send 3,000 men there your will have to feed them. With the fields uncultivated and provisions scarcc, the advent of 3,000 men into that territory, unprovided for, I would he the means of not only starving themselves, but starving those already there. They must take a year's provisions with them, or they must be tfnmished with a yeafs provisions. The question is now presented to the people of the North. When every wind from the West brings news of battles, of slaughter, and of murder, -when preparations most extensive are going on in the border cointies ofissouri,-when inflamnmatory appeals aro distributed over the herder - to secure accessions to their numbers,-when the army of the invaders is again marching against your brethren in Kansas, who are standing up for your cause asvwell as their ownfighting the battles of the North and the West-of the free wnte labourers who are perilling their all upon this issue,-I say the question is now presented to you, whetner you wil allow them to go down in blood, or whether you will go and save them aud the cause yoe rzenresent. This cannot be done vithout a sacrifice, ana a sacrBice, too, which you vwll feel. If evrTy man in this house were to give one-tenth part of what the settlers on the soil have givefi, the matter would be settled at once. Wives there have given their husbands, children have given their fathers, men have given their lives,-men have poured out freely all their wordly substance, and are now ready to give their lives. What, then, will their brethren give thento sstaiu them in this cause? Now is the time. It might as well not be given at all as to be given when the battle is lost. Then give freely if you would aid this cause. Men must be sent there immediately-they must be transported-they must be fed. [A voice, 'How manyv] There ought to be not less than 3,000 men put upon that soil. Tlhey are needed to repel invading forces from Missouri. If a waU were erected between Kansas and Missourl our aid would not be needed; $200 will e005p, transport, and feed a man as long as he wiil be needed. hiss great city of New York might give $1,000,000 to this cause. It would return to them increased tenfold within the next decade, from the commerce resulting from the demand for freemen in that vast territory, and from the establishment of the Pacific Railroad. uLoud cheers.) This is putting it upon pecuniary grounds alone, and saying nothing of the higher considerations which appeal to every man's heart. I anm told by your committee that it is desired now to call upon this audience for a response to the anpeals which come to you from our brethren in Eansas. '(Loud cheers.) I therefore close my remarks by asking that when ydu put your hands in your pockets for the purpose of relieving the wants, necessities, and exigenCies of the people, you will do it with a full appreciation of the wants of the peopleoand of the cause, (P'rolonged cheers.)" - A duel had been fought not very far 'from St. Louis, between Brown and Reynolds. The dispuite was amie-ably settled after Brown had been wounded in the knee. President Pierce was labouring under an attack of fever. A' great Republican meeting had been held at New Jersey, to consider the present condition of public affairs, at which large delegations were present f'rom all the townus in the county.- Advices from Nicaragua of the 0th report that matters look ill for Walker. A body of Salvadorian and Guatemalian troops, headed by Cabanano, were posted at Leon. There were many desertions from WaLker's army-in one case a whole company. Walker had revoked the exequatur of the British consul at Leon. 'Another revolution had been put - down in Costa Rica. - The steamnship Illinois let-Aspinwall on the19th nilt., for New York, with the California mails, and $1,5(t,G000 in specie. The SanFrancisco Vigilance Committee .was in full force, having made many additional arrests and executed two persons since the departure of the previous mail. Judge was stillicept prisOner by the commTittee, thougrh Hopkins, 'the man he stabbed; had recovered. - One of the persons execu'ted was a man named :Brace,5 who commcitted a murder upwards of a year before. Several attempts had been made to destroy both San rancisco and`Sacramento by fire. The lossby -the fire at Sierra NTevada was set down at $2,000,000. The failure of Palmer, Cook, and Co., to pay the State and City Coupons ia New York had created a feeling of indignation throughout the State, and the State treasurer was to provide for the speedy payment of the overdue interest.
ETON MEMORIAL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As yon did me the favonr of publisbingin yonr im. pzcason of t,h6 30th ult. a list of those officers educated at Eton who bad fallen dunin 'the late war,s1Lau feel obligcd by your adding the folowing names, since- eceivod, v2z. Lietutenant Henry A&stey Sparke, 4th Lightl Dragoou~, 3dlled at Balalava Oct. 25, 1854. 4 Captiin Hon. John Williani Hely Hutchinson, 13th Ight,Dragoon, July 2,1655, at Scutar, of dNese- : Lieutenanat James Molesworth, 7th iljerOct, 1854, at MIalta, of diseaa. * The- names of the, following officers were erronoosly mentioned in the list ricently published ar having been educated at Etenn, viz. :-Captaia Tbis1ethwAyt-_ Scotg Fnsileer Gumds,-and Captain Normnan;57th h emimb e ut. TJ. ;STUDHOLME BROWNRIGG. .'Die Jemom-stree?'MAY-1p.1r, bepr. f.%
MILXTARZ AND 2..YAL II His.rpssia. xj.W ove'tt3 Amarone, Captain Kuim. arrived at Spithead, last from the Azores, yesterday mornjng. - She is bound to Da.ntzic. - She las-a'uminliei of cadets on:board, whom the Consul.(L. A. Yandenbargh) introduced to the authorities, and for whom he obtained I 'pe-rmaision to view the :dockyard,: &c. She salutedthe national flag and the Pcrt Adiiral, which complimrent.s were duly aclnowledged by Her Majesty's ship Victory ancd -the garrison battery. Her Majestys ship ieander, 50, C2ptaim Rice, is ordered 1 from Portsmouth to the east*ard to be paid off. Her Majest's ship Express, 6, Commander Boys, arrived :at Spithead yesterday from the south-east coast of America Station. The screw-steamship Die of Wellington, 131, Captain Hemry Caldwell, arrived at ,Plymoiuth on Suanday. The following troops, from the provisional battalion, Chatham, will emlbik at'Gravesend to-morrow on board the Agincourt, for the purpose.of-joining the head-quarters of their regiments stationed in India, viz. :-43d Regiment, U,aptain W. Milnes, Ensiga W, Livesay, and Ensign HIL- -Bateman, with 3 sergeants, 2 corporal-, 4 drammers, and 25 rank and file, the whole of whom wliU proceed fo Madras; 84th (York aud Lancaster) Regiment, Lieu. tenant F. J. G. Saunders, Lieutenant B. Maybury, Ensign H. T. W. O. Kenny, Ensign. R. F. Humnphrey, Ensign H. Pearson, Ensign Ely, and 60 non-commissioned officers and *menof thatcorps,whowillproceedto join theservicecom.panies of their regiment stationed at Riangoon. The depOt of the 79th Regiment, now at Aberdeen, has been ordered toD orb George. The Highland Brigade are to bh concentrated iu that FortL it being the intention of t3eWar-office' to withdraw the troops from most of the :barracks in Sebtland, and have them placed in forts. The steam transport Jackall, last from Portsmouth, has 'arrived at Woolwich with a cargo -of powder and retnrned provisions from the East. - After discharging her pov;der she will proceed to Dcptfordto landvictnlalling stores. The William sailing transport has, likew-ise arxived and has I proceeded to Deptford to clear out.. Her 3Majesty's steam troopship Resistance, Master Commander John Huntley, has arrived at Woolwich with 100 tons of shot and a quantitf of naval stores fr6m Sebastopol. - Takia,f advantage of the favourable state of the weather, the wvhole of the batteries and heavy guns were yesterday morning broughtoutin review order on Woolwich-comAmon, under the command of Colohel Anderson. After going through a variety of field- mlovements, and firing 10 rounds of artillery, they marched past., were minutely inspected, and permitted to return to quarters. Major-General Sir W. F. Williams, Commandant of Woolwich Garrison, acted as field officer at guard mouAnting, and afterwards ! inspected the recruits and the sp-rae men off duty, wvho were .drawn -up in battalions on the parade ground fronting the barracks, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Burrows, Major Boothby, and Captain and Adjutant Close. The men were put through a series of drill practice for the - instruction of a number of the cadets and junior officers who were ordered to be present. C Nho steamship P'acific, Nlo. , C-aptai W. C. Thompson, arrived at Kingstown on Sunday evening, at 4 o'clock, from Pembroke, which place she left at 6 b'elorkthe same day. The Pacific brought nine officers, 318 men, 34 women, and 30 children of the depot of the 95th EiRegiment; and seven officers, 327 men, 50 women, and 53 children of the depot of the 4Sth Regiment. The troops disembarked next morning. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Adxnmalty:- - Lieutenant C. C. Robinson, to thelury; J. W. G. Daw- son Damer, mate tmothe Jackal; J. L. Hope, midshipmanto the Indefatigable - L C. Keppel, midshipman to the Wasp; . Jephson, naval cadeb to the Cnsar; the Rev. W. Whitmarsh, chaplain to the' Impregnable; W. H. Williams, master to the Raleigh; J. Pettes, paymaster to the Hermes; W. T. Dixson, assistant-paymraster to the Cressy.
BISHOPS AiD CURAfXBS. TO THEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the course of a few days the usual ordinations will be held in the several dioceses. Some hundreds of young men will be admitted into the holy offices of the church, and be dimnissed with the apostolic form of blessing from their bishops. lThe usual hospitality will be given, and with the decided recollection of palace fare, they will go their way to their several cures ; and so the intercourse in n great measnre ceases. A triennial visitation, if no change of cdiocess occurs, just keeps up a written remembrance and the proper spelling of the curate's name, 3nd no more. I do not expect, Sir, that, with the heavy duties of Parliamentary life and the uncongenial taskof managing their stewardship -I mean their estates-much time could be given to the humbler homne duties-viz., examining into the state of the working clergy of the dibceas, sympathizing with the *overkasked, admonishing the slothful, encouraging the zealous, and showing a readiness to hear and to help and protect those who need and look to the bishop for that protection. The grayhaired curate may have had such a delirious dream once, but he was then very young and unreasonable, But, Sir, one thing he had a right to expect, ancd a just claim that it would be well to urge now that such cases ofcleric6ldistressashave beenread inyour columns may mot so easily occur again. Protoctionis whathe reqaires at the bishop's hands. Advice, encouragement. sympathy, are no legal rights; but protection of his int2rests against the strong and the grasping he has a just cLaim to. Think, Sir, of those who will soon be ordained, how many, after struggling through the exponse of a College education, will be licensed to curacies where they will enjoy the stipend of 401. or 50!. a-year, in return for the title given-a full equivalent, as it would seem, for meat and drink, and raiment. How they live who have no other means, and support their position, is one of those enigmas that the contented rector does not choose and the bishop -does not attempt' to solve. That it must drive them to duties that cripple their usefulness in their parish, or to expedients that are lowering to themselves, we can well understand. Bat is there no remedy for this ? There are many cases, we know, where the means of the incumbent are such. as prevent him from affording a proper saLary to a curate, many where the rector pinches himself that he may do his duty conscientiously to his parish and generously to his fellow-labourer. Theze are .noble things to see, and warm one's heart, 'when chilled with the history of sordid cmeanness. Bat I should say, let none be licensed to curacies by the bishop till it is truly seen, wvithout reserve, that the salary is in proportion to the work required, and to the value of the living. It may be answered that such is already the law; but I ask, is it acted upon ? Is any remark made, any inquiry instituted, into casez such as the Essex curate, til they haPly speak for themselves in the cry of poverty and pain2 There are, indeed, some bishops whose praise is weell knewn, who do truly act up to the full spirit of that noble exhortation, " hold up the weak, bind up the broken, seek the lost ;" but is this spirit universal, or, though doubtless in the heart, is it active ? If it were so we should not hear tle cases of poverty-stricke.n curates that are not uncommon. I dare not enter into such a question as to whether the now established scale of remlneration, which fixes 1001. as the highest value of services, is a just scale, and whether such unchanging value, no matter the length of service, is. according to the common method of remuneration in all ether professidns; but I confine myself to this one point. Let the curate find in his bishop a "' protector" to stand between his employer and himself, to fix for him what he will not like to haggle about-viz.; the valu3 of his services, ,and .to see that they are fullyandliterallypaid. Isay " literally," because we know from good experience how -often a fictitious value is placed upon the house or garden. orfurniturm e of the curate's residenoc,, all of which-;s put* downa as salary to be paid. - let this be done firmly; ind the evil will be greatly lessened. -We should. see less ourates obliged to seek subsistence by private-pupils and schools, to ~the neglect or slurring of thenr parish duties-less tales of distress from men who. shrink from begging, but fear to starve-less discredit- brought uposi thecohurch open to -charges of covetousness-less callsfrom thewidowed and orphaned, who are neither Protected by insurance nor pensioned by the parish. I rema.n your obecdient servant, F.
CLERICMIZ DISTRESS. . TO TEH EDITOR OF THE TES. Sir,-You must allow me to thank- yon for inseriing in hzs Times the letters of "A Curate" on my behalf, as, under God, I am indebted to you and your readers for being at ease in my mind at the present nioment, though I am sdin confined to my bed and suffering acutely from my pain. fiu aease, Had it not been for the sympathy manifested, in my behalf by the publio I kmow. not what I should have done, My bishop did not help me, and my vicar would not. I have been obliged to appeal to the laity of our good' church, and, thank God I Ibave not appealedin vain. * WIay the great Head of the Church, who rewards all who give even a cup of cold waterto a disciple in tbe.name of a disciple, richly reward you al l - Accept, Sir, and convey to .tho reader3 of 17ie Times, I pray you, my fervent thans.: I am sorry that any discrepancy shouldhaive occurTed iwith regard to my stipend. It wis SOL., and -I feir that, in tho hurry of writing, my 8 'a' mistaken for a 6. As I am informed tt people dispute.the description of the vicarage I have had to live ln, I beg distinctly to stito .thatitisezcessivelydamp, arisign from its contiyoity to 'the 'churchyard and it3 being so cohoked: up 'by tree,. -'Of ~the fTfrniture I 7rill only say tlat it is most miserable.: Of the vicar. I wI saly nothmng, for I remember that it is "'ritten,' "E ak not evii of digmities."'.'--- - Ian, Sir; your obliged and lgrateful servawnt. ,Xjtm ?UUENX.,jo -
s IUPJY THEA TRE. last night m Shepherd and Creswick reopene heir theatreforthe er ntic lse sso"n,with anew paso. of more than ordinary intes t, iin which they both took part and which was cop1ietely fuL - Ifaxins Ifarol, the heio nfTe HaZf Case., 'sk thie drali is calld, is a GAloupe alie, of negro oringm, b-twithout sufficient bl&k-blood in: hisTreing o a'naterial tin his 'complexion. :He iand his family have s:ufferd the 6ost cruel Outrages at the hands of if. de Corlle, their *aster, and an ct of insubordination in consequence of tlq extreme tyranny has subjected faximus to a brand- arlc on the arm* but alltheastoE iolence cmittod both by the opprested apper to hae been forgottenaftr thelapss of years; and he rebel hi;. rmS obis the entire confideIce of inaer, d is lef sole overseer of the Guadeloupe estte ihileJL de CoD>r vile settles at Paris. No sooner is the power of vengeance ii tbhe hinds of M.alimna than he tfkes full meure for the wvrongs enduilred in his youth. 'TNot only, does ho enrich himself with his iasters- property, -bunt *he rosEes his fellow-slaves to revolt, and utterly destroys. the plantation. All this has happened before -the play begins; and is not fUlly revealed 'to us till the third act. Vhen we fist. become acquainted with the half-caste. avengor, he is at a Swiss chfilet,7imder a feigned name, and is about to visit Paris, there to seek his mother and hisyounger biother,who hare accompamiedIL do Courvelle. 'He is' a very pilausible 'gentlemanilike sorb of per- son, who wants nothing. but a definite trIV2, and this, he shortlyattains through the folly of an Englishlo*d, who has made his acquaintancein Switzerliad, and who, to, shelter himself from the persecution of certain marriage.seeldg ladies,, proposes an exchange of nimes for a singlae day. flains accords the requested avour, is styled :"Lrd Traffoc'd" by all the folk at the chdlot, and wbenr his friend tumbles down a chasm- not quite accidentallyheremainssole possessor of the title. -When hereaches Paris, in the character of an English nobleman, he finds his old master reduced to absolate mendicity; but his 'riumph is rnot very long-live3. IL de Courville, thongh. mi_sortune has dulled his irtellects not a litt!e, hs on one -ocasion caught the sound of the pretended Lord Trafford's voice, and is convinced- that it belongs to the overseer, and his daughter .Agelina, of- wrhom Maximus is madly enamoured, resolves to find out if herfather's Suspicions are correct, andifsotounmasktheimpostor. Itisin the complicated proceedings bywhichthe identity of the 30tdisartBriton and thevindictivemulattois brought clearly to' light, and in the courage and ta-t which he displays as he: approaches nearer and nearer to the end of his career, that' the interies of the drama consists. Iow he finds that the -wom'an he so wildly doats upon is actua'ly feigning a passion to draw from him some imprudent expression t'hat may consign him to the hands of the executioner. Now, the lover of Angelina, .a meritorious young artist, is detected by the unhappy Maximus as another spy, but at the same time proves to be the very brother he is seeking, so that even the 'strong family feeling vwich has prompted his crimes is outraged in the most cruel manner. To moral agony physical torture is added, as to prevent a discovery of the brand on his arm he fairly roasts out the ignominious mark over a slow fire with a fortitude worthy of Mucius SuevolA: But, -with all his courage and all his cunning, he is hunted down at last at a grand masquerade which be gives in his owzn house, and to whlich all his enemies come at once, including the defnnctLordTrfore, who has revived onpurpose to annoyhim, having been saved by the urluckybrother. A^deadlypoison, recklesslytossed o£fin a glass ofwSine,r elieves him of his tormentors, and ho dies in the midist of them just as he has learnt that his mother's body is buried under the very spot on which the ballroom has been erected. Ntever wras there a more perfect specimen of the Satancic hero of modern France, 'wvith his a ppalling crimes, and his equally appalling virtiues, thenb Maxianus Marol; but w e -are bound to say, that although his measure of atrocity is large be never commits any glaring improprietUy. The acting of Mfr. Cresawick in this very arduous pars is all that could be desired. He commands alike the cool, gentlemanlike beariagt which marks the terrible avengers of the Parisian stage while their thunderbolt is fo'.ginn, and the stormy pass,ion that breaL-s out as it islaunched. T~he situations of the third and fourth acts ace in themselves strong, but the audience could scarcely <have been reused as they wrere from the comparative apathy attending the earlier portion of the piece had it not been for the force with which !dr. Creswsick brought' out thc :nterviovws of Ilxmus with Angiuina and his brother. E[e was well supported by Mis Mfarriott and MEr. Hunstleby. MAr. Shepherd contents himself with the somewhat sub.- ordinate character of the real-Lord Trafford, and agreeably - eports hirmself as a careless man of pleasure. the French original from wrhich the piece is taken wras brought out at tbe Porte St. Martin, early in the present y,ear, with the title lLa Se1ng AUCe, and owns for its author II. E. Plouvier. In the Surrey version the main incidents are closely foll6wedj though of course a comic personage is introduced for the sak-e of the ever-welcome'Widdicomb, who on this occasion represents Lord A dolphus Snoolcaby, a very Strange specimen of the .English aristooracy, who is perpetually beginning to tell an anecdote about a certain walk-in Regent-street, hut is never suffered to bring his tale to a conclusion. *The interior of the Swviss chdlet withwhich the piece opens, and the illuminated ballroom, 'with which it concludes, are extremely well put upon the stage. _ - .~~~
VAVXHALL GARZBS. This old and well-kmown place of public amusement, in vwhich many generations have spent many pleasant honrs, was opened last night for a few evenings previously to its final close, fwhich owi take place at the end of the month, as the copyhold of the Eoyal property has been pu. chasedbyagentleman iweoise nderstooualto he in no way connected with the amusements for 'which this place has been for more than 200 years celebrated. The entertainments of last night were folly equal to anything that has ev~er been provided for the public. The ascent of ilr. Green's Great l'iassam Balloon, at a quarter before T o'clock, w;as the commencement of the eights of the evening. The ascent* was ma,gnificent. The usal entertainments, consisting of horsemanship in the Rvotunda, in whiich the performance of the equestrians wvas of the first class of excellence, were followed by a brilliant display of fireworks. Several thousand persons wvere assembled, and the festivities of the evening were protracted till a late hour.
FATAL RPATwAY Acumnrr.-On Friday night Mlr. Lewis Morgan, a gentleman of property in the neighbourhood of 3lerthyr Iydvil, vwas killed by a train passing over him while endeavouring to cross the TaftVale 313ilway on horseback. It appears that the deceased gentleman had oeen in Merthyr on business, and, ineetingv ith several of lhis friends, had drunk too muclh liquor before he left. About half-a-mile below the Taff Vale atation, at a place called Brandy-bridge, is an old parish road crossin the railway much used, but there are no gates on either side to prevent the public crossing at all seasons. This road is about half-a-mile nearer to the Graig, where the deceased resided, than the usual road by Plymouth. The night was exceedingly dark, and the animal the deceased rode was a very restive colt, which he had purchased about three weeks Derore. A yoUng lad wnco was standing close by the spot when the accident occurred states that a few minutes before 8 o'clock, just as the up train from Cardiff camae along, the deceased struck his horse and endeavnured, to cross the railway in front of the engine, but it seems that neither the engineer nor stoker saw anything till ater the animal had been struck, nor even then could they -tell whathad happened. The engine was, however, immediatelyreversed andbrought to a standstill, afterproceeding aboutl50 yards fuithsr,when ahorrifyinsgpectaclepresented itself. Al along the line and among the wheels were fr-agments of the body of the deceased-a leg was in one place, an arm in anothler, ahaud inanother, the head and part of the trunk ill another, anid the heart in another, wvhile hits of flesh and hones were scattered about in all directions, and some thrown a considerable distance. The horse was also dreadfully mutilated, and Mr. Jarnes, surgeon, was several times appealed to to decide what porion of the fragments gatherodup belonged to the horse, and what were parts of the humsanhody. In a pocketbook found in one of the pock-eta were notes amonting to 270o. which the deceased had that day received at the Ereon OidBank, ondonthe following inorning Superintendent Wrenn found; attached to one of the wheels. of the .tendes, a pocket, torn from the trousers of the -deceased, «cbntaining. Us. Gd. in silver. Erom the nmarks of the honse's hoofs in the road, it would appea that the animal was strnckhy thebuferah'out the midde nust-us it ws crossinlg tho onter rail,' anldcarried at considerable distance before it or its rider fell undaer t-he wheels. A jury was summoned onL Saturday evening by Mr. J. Mlorgan, deputy-coronsr,' to view the body, after which the inquiry was adjourned tiU Thursday, the 2Sth TEE LAND TnA&sPoATo CoRe-Lazt nighit a meeting of the meibers of the land Transport Corns attached to the Tarldsh Contingmnt, waslield at the Croin and Rose Tavern, Crown-stieet, Westmrister, for the porI pose of adopting measures for a relief of the- grievances thoycom;olamntheyhavesuffered atthehandsofthe Government, owing to the illegal and inmerfect manner in which they have beeh suddenly dischargeda,without any remuneration or gratuity, ewhUe other corps hai4beeu xemunerated. Mr. E. V. Xlyao was oalled to the chair, and, in detaili'ng the grievances under which'they all laboured, uiled them . to unite firmly together, and lelly-claim 'that compensation to which they-were all entitled. They hadentered the Iservice of the Crown at a time when their services -were -really wanted, and had suffered much from want of hutting, ..he -wthholdingof rations, andcotherprivations, andbecau3e a peace suddenly sprung up they were -to receive no remuneration. Ho then drew the-attention of the meeting to a memorial agreed to at a meeting in St. lu-e's, presented that .day to lord PI?ure, Land called upon those present in insisting upon it being caied into eac Qunmaster.Sergeant Austin read the memorial, which contained three points of grsevanees,-That the understindill upon which they bad-been enlisted~had been 'o'ated andthe guarantees fora propersuptyofclothingandrations violated; that on their being sbandod theyreceived a worthless document as a dischargq,w whichno civilian would xecognize ;and the reut was that the mec Werelet vithout employment. The principal grievane -was, they claimed -three months pay, anid a legal discharge, bivini bown en, gaged for a eriod which onght not to-have =ee do6u~ aniinedinl theannerit- had-been. Sergenteardontbi ,chairma-i of the St. Luke's omite entered Into a. lengthened statemeit of fie complaint. ther- had to mako agamnst the Govermment for the, treatment of the mnen who b-ad come forward and nobly, docii theii duty to aid thie'a at a tini6e.when thaxt aid' Wm-=a n %tAU ringnd milght be v,In eurge unioln in xtin-uponie, . ikesoluticns, agrengt temeoi,wreea,na vote Of toth ain.
AMR. BRSSEMBa 4AD MIS cOPBrTim TO THE EDITOR OF THR:n iEs. *- 3r,I ll;t Sdiiifh -3 X wor et the Birminglha 4JornaZl on irs- mAnufature 7 an IN Bessemees i-ventioxi te prodmcUnf af 4. "eminent pU familia withe ch'ynstry of im; but there ia a tmjl it which Meims to detract from twhe wit and origingalty Mr. Bessemer while spekinmg tf tii, xartic-n and o Thanksto Mr. Ben4ih ooderut MId his lAo be of sp-ifications, we have-tbe me&oa of analysgi. Whet1zti1 the multitudinous pAentS for the =nufactuef irin aM cteel the identical ind effctive ps ybe fonddj acribed we cannot tell tilL we hbay tie whole bikh bhdiS 'us at once fell swoop, like the " raping-machine," " smno buining" "tdfrearms,2t" ,st0&m2jegb and other l congeries. But the proces of Mr. Bcemer is one of tb peculiarinventions that, once known, caldnoie inadip ance, or be againforgotten; and the aeviral pa'tenth f or Bessemer himsel are not: few in number ere he aisco6'd the true process. : - ' - Ihere are four patents immediately bearing os, fiji question' Wadker aud Waren daUed Mfay, 1853. Thl claiminthisisfor "a movexble cont.ng-vcssel,-orfu race, employed for the purpose O agitating, hd'. cc-ai. quently ' puddling' the liquid metelf that is to say, tiie metal -while agitating is expoed to the lambent action .d fame, air, or gases. - - James lNasmyth, May, 1S5-The claim in this is fr forcing steam or water thrcugh a hollow stirriig-rod intX the body of molten iron, whereby the steam will be "To duced to its elements and yield oxygen." - This is theoretically right, bht not apractical fact. -Itif nunanitentional contrivaace for -sperheating steam, a2d lowering the temperature of tha molten iron It-is inlitera Germannomenclature av dam &-it -erves to dp the fire. u - - Joseph Gilbert Mrtien, of New Jersey, Sc-utemcer, io55 -The claim is "for funifycg iron fr¢n a blsst furnce,orarefinerfYfunace, while still in a melted stat asherem db scribed."- But a patentee is bound to shoW` some practiAcl methocl of accomplishing his object, otherwimse it remains an abstra; tion mndefined anda ot specific. Mfr. MIartien in his provi. sional specification says thathisinvention cons.sts " in the application of atmospheric air by mechAnical pressure oro e water, vapour of water, or' steam (more 'especially steam) below the surface'of the said melted,metal as it comes from a blast or smelting furnae3 or finery fire. so as com* pletely to senach and penetrate every part of the said metal. It may be necessary under some circumstances to continue the heat for a time to the liquid or melted metOl for the more effectual treatment by the action of atmospheriC air, water, vapous of water, or steam, or either. . "', It may then be conducted after such-treatment' directly asmd -Without material loss of heat to a reverberatory nr oth6r furnace or furnaces, and there subjected to intense heat and manipulation and speedily converted into balls of malleable metal of iron ancd steel." The aiodus operandi is a channel or gutter of any suitable material, but by preference of cast iron. This gutter is 'perforated -vit-h nlmerous holes. "W'hen hot blast or cold blast is used Iprefer to connect the hollow bottomeo the gutter with the air pipes used for supplying the blas,' and, when steam is employed, I connect the hollow bottom of the guLtter -with the boiler used." Moulds or beds may be used instead of the gutter, and "the iron thus' pnsifled may be allowed to cool in the moulds or may be run fr6ni the gutter, channeL or receiver into a reverberatory or suitable furnace to be higbly heated therein, and may be puddled in the ordinary mauner. Heury Bessemer, January, 185G, contains several methods of aerating molten iron, but not the method used Henry Bessemer, March, l1856, is not yet speciied, but probably will contain the actual process, that is to sav-A. clay crucible, or i-ron vessellined with fire clay, and pierced viith holes, or Lire clay tuyires, beneath the -urfa"e oE the molten metal, throughv-hich holes hot or cold air is forced at suoh a pressure as to hold the melted irma suspended in it, orto force it away from the air passages; the air so forced in, gradually increasing the heat of the metal, and forcing up the slag or cinder in a scum, which bursts and 0-erfiows like an explodimg volcano, tiUl the heat having gradually burnt and purged avwy carbon, sulphiu, oxygen, silicon, and other extraneous matters, leaves the iron malleable, though by reason of its great heat stilLluaid, andawhen run ont into a mould and set, convertible' into forged or bar iron without further proces. Up to this period the make of ironvwas'i " puddling" pro cess, and the distinctive appellations henceforth of tho5e before the era and after will be "puddlers" and " non puddlers,"the stagnant and the flowing. The eminent pen in the BinningLsan, Journal very pro. perlg calls for chymical analysis of the iron produced by the newprocess. -ldeanwhile, from an ingot cast at Baxtr. house-whence ofold issued "Sinners Saved," -Iimping Sinners' Heelpieces," "Shoves for Bacsliding Christians,; OIMQ osner similracts-trom that ingot has beenforgLed in WoolwichAvsenal a "bloom" subseqaently rolled into a touigh bar 2 inch. x 1 inch bearing all the mechanical indications of the best c1harcoal iron. It is to be hoped that no newacanc'als about to be zaised. by the agency of pen.fencng to set on gentlemen in black gowns with engineering prevaslcations, to waste by tongue. fence and palaver the valuabletime of a national meritus. W. BEIDGES ADAMS. . TO THE EDITOR OF THE PTI S. Sir,-In the present excited state of the iron trde, it is natural that those whose interests are bound up with it, should with avidity read ever:y article beaxing on Mr. Bessemer's invention. With this feeling I read the article in your paper of to-day, copied from the Birming7ia;r .Tourna. It would be supposed that a paper published in the iron district, and prof6ssing to be the organ of the irot trade, would bh extremely careful of the correctness ofr every article bearing on that trade - I do not pretend ta follow the writer through the technicalities of chymicu phraseology; I do not profess to understand them; but hc evidently is ignorant of the process of manufacturing wrought iron, as he represents allpig iron as being first refined and then puaddled. This is directly contrary to the fact - scarc21v anv pig iron is refined. In two works, whica I well mnaow, each of ihem producing nearly %00O tons of finished iron per week, refined iron is only used when the pig iron is very " gray." and then scarcely over in a greaterproDortion than S01b, to 4A cwt. of pigs.l Manyother works nev&i use refined iron, and no.e use it, that I am a-ware of, in larer proportions than I have stated above. In the wori wit which I am connected wve have not need an ounce in any puddling furnace for more than seven years. Apologizing for troubling you, I am Sir, V.Your obedi-nt srt- A FORGE MANAGER. WYolverharppton, ept. 6.
A HINT FOR SIP CHARLES .BARRY. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-2Now that the notice of the public has bcen drawn to the decayedstateof the stoneworkj of many of oar moder. buildings,by the announcement of the fact that it is necessa to take some stcps in the case of the Houses of Parliament>' it may be useful to invite attention to the method whichhsz for some time past been adoptedby the French to remedy this evil, and the more so because it has been employed if, the Louvre; Totre Dame, and in other important works, vith apparent success, up to the prsent time. I nlllde to the application of the sicate of potash. Its nanufactur and use may be briefly described as follows :-2j parts af silica (flint or clean sand) are fused with one par'. of potash; it is then dissolved by boiling (under pressure) in -from eight to ten times its 'weight of water. I The stonework of oldcbuildingsis thoroughly cleased of all tbitrnyi'ht preju^diceits ab,orbingquslit.es. Troughs hugge -with clay are placed against the art of the building in. -tended to be silicated, so as to collect the solution, -whicr is applied with a sringe at intervals of three or fout hours for about four days, or till the stone (when dry) cases 4to absorb. It is considered desirable that this process should be re peated, but to a less extent, the following year. The colour of the stone is not materialy changed, provided tne absorp. tion is tolerably equl ad the s.lkiis.ztion effected by a sufficient number of applications of weak solutions, both Oc which conditions are necessaryt sucess. . The phenomena of induration is thus explainca by ML Kuhlmann .-The carbonic acid of the atmosphere sepaiAtes the silica from the potash, leaving its deposited in the poru of the stone, when, should the catbonate of lime be presnat (as in limestone), it combines witb it and forms the silicate of lime, while the soltble salt-viz., the potash. is removed by the rain or other means The price at which this work is undertaken in Paris is Is. 3d per superfical yard. I am arwe that this process of Eiiczlisation is reported to have been ried without success at the Houses of Parlia. ment, but, asit has been for some yearspast, and st i5' employed advntageously in the instances I have namedl, ag also in other important wors in France, and has much phi. losophicalmoIng in its fIvoour itmay se S be wiof the consideration of -those lea,rned and interesv d Ii matters. - I have the hononr Xo remain, Sir, - * v~~~~~~~nqIp n1~,ht ,.rcat L;; H. IL BU)TNTELU A, veyn-*alk ~chdn p _. !$, : EiorixoUs P-Mr. Fwrlow, of Crooked-im)s 1ondobridw<rishfiling for .ut X the zxtr Dsa r~~~~cub Ee 114Shi X hy1^iZ wheo: Ia.d .§oolAto2aish-291b. llo.. ThWsk .cmobno. VW to*=a bwA fti- Dk _ti':Fo pu isd by Mam. Aguhy,Z I~hm boE ot amounfad rsmetny w Ulb.-
SALES B'Y AUCTION. inIhgt-su. Bxnrnbury.-Very desirable lat-' L-eaeboid Estates, produ, rug 4-'2lg' rannum. held atvezy"low grud rents 1IR. NEW ON ,sill SELL by U TO ,u h ML Mrart, on Wednesday SePtember I7 .at 12, in six lots, valuaable lung L1SASESIOLI) ESTATES, comprising'three well-bouit miade,ces,i 22, A3 end 24, Albion-grove. BiarubucY, let, to bighly retssectlble tenants Of long standirg. at lents asneurting; to £1111 ncr annum, and held from freehsold"r for long teems, at only £31Is. groind rent; the leeselold houise, 2, Princes-rerramc Fulte-ne3-street, Barnsbbury-eoatt, let to a good old tenant, as zS25, held for a long, termr, at;E£4: and the two, newly-erected houses at the corner of Stonefleld-slreet, Inlington, in band, of the estinsstesd reaZtof -£S5.heldtfor long terms, at z'ioaria, presenting an unnaualy elsaible opportunity for investment or occupa-. tdon. Sry be viewed. Particulars had at the Mart;of Messr. Moxon and Dobi'e, solicit,ors,634,Bedford-row; ed ati,be anetioneer's offires, B. Church-row,. UPPervstreet, Islington, opposite Theberton-street. Fursituce.-Canonbury. O!pae-c d ]IIIR. iNEWBON wfi SBLLbyA OTION, on the A. L Premises. So. 7, Belmoint Villas, ClPbane road, Camonbury-- I-rk, on Thursday, Sept. ISl at12. the capital andnearlinnew aousSfHiOLD PIUR2ITURI; sna' EFFECTS;, comprising a drawing room tiuite in rosewcood, chelfoniea-, two couches, eay chair, net of chairs, work tubles, whatnet, too tables, and bdelsbssewin Spanish mahogany; superior chetso of drawers siddeboards, sets of chairs, easy chains, music stools, four-pot hod other bedsteads, bookcase,, night steps, erib, coI .an msnetb0 dOleganod~~~t wtged wardrobe, Fuperior marbletoD dntle bzh~andr. tir.-liDry tabl-s sold net o1 dlr,io5 tables. cai,ital featherbeds, beddinc, and bedroomi appendages, nearly now Brussels and tapesoty carpets, the usual kit-chen requaiItes, and mntsellasneouaastlclesof aaweltfurnished house. On view theday preeedicg &Ld sosoaig of sale. Catalogues had at, the, auctioneer's ctfime 8 Church-row, upperstreet, Islington, opposite Tlseberton-street. lit. iPAucras: Burton-cresc-ent.-Dtoirablo Leasehold Eesidente, LeXo. ducingzE61 Is. perAnnbt0l. M~JR. NEWBOIN -will SELL by AUCTION, at the IkMart, on ThursdaLy. Septem,ber 25,c1, athe evclualet LEASEhOLD PROESRTYC, No. 16.n Bron-acresalcrntera sbprec letuato at highy nspecebl teant,at£8 I.; ldfrthe abouneholrd. atr a, gRoudrn.Myb wd.EW O Perteirha atL b theTMaN; ofat nhe Mlaeh ard,tg,slct, onTvsa Se,ptemberohu5 anat thiuoe lo -auftibne,r houcs, an, Chrchro, perss et,staoN.1 Isiordglrn, opposte thebertoce. ipperwostret, lore.-Lnosstl Laseod Estae, clt-losset frontr3hop, Bidae entanc toa arg iibe SarL, mboay AUCtIsop, atd theL TcolromI hurhpsday,gepotemb herd.st1, a utalhuabe, doEASe. hOLDt'IOPETY, onsstig ofa cpitlcorngerm cop, sitate ata Sorwood;NaWB aaeshlteien,nertesu-,hl o the mGerasc tselrt ground re nsTh rptyipriualyegbe ,cr netnet.frpiate u auationeeor'bs finesauoee Ar"b soliTiTat.6 Qensret hepie and attheLY auctioneer's oif -es, r, IshnptonUperty treerSELonby LeasehOld Eate,hi gneat thea sc,h IR. NEAIEHN YSll SELL by AUCTION,t toe 1II Mart,dnedy TrsdaSptember 17 t125,at 12, rnone le, byoadeua?the andPlOngVEAEROLND R&%TAT, consistingt of aogcapital, 4 dwelling housterrandpe,.ilnse, situate So the Crestcent;r NO nextath Chc2, Cntanee toa a Lavrge olmbrod yrollowmahogany 1 feroent shpn infaheret teGoo room ith Churchpassaghoue,lot soedsmisc-ounting-house, doul erance hoencdlosedbyiron gates 6.7, held for Salonghtermce of eas,a MadrategSround rlaent and atingt- her erexthenIting a elgil 06oupp-%ors. tnhty-foruerecting awithunactory.oshoot- arones,orkany n 'her reariu buldngybayeviewedbyeve tPutnnt.Prticularsaatthebart; oftoon- sleeindtn arkb'sonea, sOlcitornt arisdh-streeS. TJohns, toaphreyseark' andr East theiauctioneer'soce,8, CedeharceolUe-street; nd of th agon,er 6ppositenhallero-street. K ent landeswanredgeaehmld. Haeouses.~ -_` 1ISTR. NWEEKSweld SELL byNAUCION,Eat th Sept. Mat nhrds etme2, at 12.o I, n oneo,e.gtcesf lCEt,Oth TLdtEI conenRaientl anRrangaedanHoUSte. sitatne SosdWo.10.handa lwaCs- rnh'oa,Etirlaftow, earthe CerolisogTaer held frortlieto e- g suroudeingospdeturesueneihborbooewd.Parndcadmrsblhadapedo tobavd atth Mart; ofe autoessrs. codrider n the r ab -erpet tore,1, SutA-quar; andat te autionef'vouriesd6 a-- ist s owCi oupprsreot, arlissretan. n~h Piremis-esugh'rSepulchral opositoenthe sHall Collect, Dulwcho L purdaperty,wlembL by, at CIS a hergrs2oos. ls AiccadiTly OHIStDAYond To-uioeow, theiturary ofns stttegerconsi astng o ae goodiseeciong tafe umseflos Inm osthdepartments~ of Gentlbemans tlarsaindedicomplete fem thecuistumout-dooecmto September, 18ay 2e volew;Beute omrof Eng a'laond, ales andth Scalflans, vole.; Presenuctionee Co,Upy ro theouthoiTsr, do. Cae-alruekwll sent on receipt 0recevetwontruatpon S=H M H B S ilSL by AUCTION, tteGop1ttLLtn on 3oi .iLWdeday , Seg ;a ntetembr1oonat F2,at araw'D byAT orde o3 ,The Execuicre ofd th lusante alMns c AnnStek blecasel,nIn nine lets vaeolnabl IMPROVeDI GatesROUt, REl TSe soth nark6-lo,ing out of nto e of,34Mt.e Cltihapel- plac, Lvrof uol-oa, ano llowy,ndui12e ten uements inte,rear; thei golta3 arnonta.gbi-heus0eraGonumabutb-ow,hackrihteyo-csd sieand lhonseasadionn;lo. Parb 8. andco9,oSofmihcle. it planlsos. th road,end may houesI othieda toe hoeses tGratd Cobeld,ee-ecreez, Buddv-couses Int. runssack-;taeetheMacliner-oad;, Luon; end at Sr. Mary-ion-trand-pflae,el% en-ed near ithePic fCo. sc;N [Iad 57 Sewcot,Lameth;and o. 2d Galtan-taret DeasterTot MaRb.iee byOlEavR fh teans Partculaby t beCTI bao atGas rawa em's esFox, EtGieand-rasexr-treagh Hioad, iHa-fuel-od; Angeorl, alnd ton Tuck's4 aend, Old -orentr of;r Thea A Hiump. hees wboli cinyar, ateIndmezsmoc rawLers,deukshal-ate-t;land sow ae,s- Jar, cadoe,nstoppetredett. ose- ad fi thaesnmotainers, Beskhie,-graduatse glande, faor bildng audae vommds,sationd puosee vork-eSShRS. WEor- S pattosrn n i. d aShoOS. twoll SELLaby bares;aUCToN ate tosheoalwa Horntuel, Wokinet pins,onoreiursdafe, situMateonte southwes.Ctasidesofhandofacn thesWs kgamd Sweetiendof the Rueading andreig Bloandirofthe"SaLee, and . Wokfinge.mssiwate, on termaborer of the town Fofwer.ghaS. N w Bidgth ront,lage dte igh sur Modirng H pictuesque uneighburhoobd,Te and adirabl adapctedf 'aidoRp.sJ . NJ . O heaucioneL considerL the AbCTON,popet welwotthhe attention 1of hiterl,adstfreuent vapplicti,ons Fare maep. for geteel fresidences In o the locliy,unusuallyfavued loas WI newts wour-lstrila failities. For feartherpamariuars- and otohvew happlygs to lt.erbesohnrLahaprow Robherts soictor_-,,Wokinsham; bedir, mahilip tobera,u solctoe a tns ch 't ofdaes adoulebme p p eedsgand -- , 2 Soth-square, adohrayas-mn. cdenffortlMedarrei Brosmanimmtne , aimrtieamee rsgand estatelagens Woard irngesand HonrehandFon ture monndgEoftas e, and. catalogues EE otied oathe *premises, t h Thurk's-lodea, opOdIte lbsd Hal ond Int, Ductwhonwy Sepsa. etember 11, W n awh a, at It12.ok sFeetaof dande fahoaI brusel eUNdITUcRpEts sour.h BAII JH EI ORhas received insnto frmthucProns prL torSEL byiUCTON ate thnureneo ties ortaeluen, ton MoLLsiUaTeONinCaste-lot.eet,oe the Mark,onT-pldace,i Setemcenre of. athet daTing rentasameuNthn thop 08nper stannum but which Night be card-1 sideabl inceasD. frieulasrend. condtios o ae ihpaso thebpopery, mrdayrbedObtaiedgo es, Plate l TandMtes oiioe AuctioneerTws oMahcs,a20yTBogmon-astre, 12 ty -IEBuilder,ES andbAnkRupt. W Et PF O E llSLSby AUCTION, on theirsaosRos UprS.Mris mrsSs,V8, GreatMS Quewen-stry eet, inrpo8.'s-en-goods, To-essew3 andmortwo fednowIdays, byptorder of athe2 Assinee, thr e Ashor len oftHouehl extertive Scoin TRADE, onsistilngtfso fronte, mnabo.a bars, cumbys soppier-w btl,orreandcmuftjarogsalesimorars Restlvesgriduaed Hlart.-B ahogany' and reotherwrood s3,l po'ear~ week-enche, dom,bpatltings, ernchuand jibp. a oe twIat m hansslo th heseh foAT itAce cabecinetdianofrte,tirongsfe Tu.lay beY vewed.9Catalogue thedOC of MunrsMgy and Sserlapn5 14. Quaen-squaroe,e.bnees Blooabure Cas. Lee aesq.fcand assigtunee raidermanuof ttlae nd r lower.t oId,Se Berlidgesrenes,Bain riuses.d loMfoder Househa oldnsuby ucest, borderoftighoue fExtutot. & On ewtb~ a Ori IL. illaogus mayb bya UCTION,r Whtone sfil 81~ ea, 15, ghSutheerland-streset,WwJt. onuFiday Sepot.n% 12. ator12 f 1,-orypae,;a the Exeurtor an ofte-los0geun four-poesternd tre,mnher esteads, ituamakedOteeagig,.l thebes hreha cu'pdothe rmen.ttore, e Clan-beding mabe tfap and Other iahtnds,ceszts o drawers,Lande usaln hme p rsendaaes maoanydiiG. Good,Tendoter lttabls,chefnes,dnn boRe en 4ntemiln ofEsLe and A CaTTOgue obtainedoth offics, 1 1, Se Oxommrde-street. n-oe~eal .t Mlt.hillhouseb,near Woolwich-c2,aomm on-per Xuodinrttue,Cis Cln,Plte Atele,etf r.er,woMUh ow,abut14lod !iohthlect, T6ttinbxm, Thniibw hle. snewfl our~ 1wr o-ad, I Regnt's-p'ark., St. J oless-rood -And& HamPaetdA ;TIF3. MARSH begis 40 announce -that ~the greater. LUt. orti,1oof tbeRetBEHOLDardLEAbIEHOLDPRop &TIF.% aietis h abovelocalitiein, were SOLD ,t the AncluauToLurW liat; the remAInder soay be, treaed for priv ately, and oan be porcbs.eci on tenonthatwil pay- amoat nermiernaiTe interest, For tros a. apiply to Mr. Mann. auctioneer. Lc, 2I Charlette-row, r ss, Ingrewshiii. dianbthe. ~ MIAPSH begs to anziounce that the FA4MILYk TWESIDEXCE (whebii was esecteel und finlbcd geardlemi of eg-. pernze -by the lute proprietor, ThEe, retley, Esq, for his own use pa tlonj WaeIOT SOLD at the recentauctiovcaecdmay nowbtrea'-l fo-r by private contract Eor patislIr,price. &c.. apply to Mr. UAlai, aurtioneer, dO, 2,Z aIto,fennoe * *. T~~-heatre Boya], Richmon, M!ARSH bee-pto w ounce that the above vabs-_ PROPEXf?&sNOT SOLDat the recent auction, dudo v10btetdOpiaey Forparticaltmepricek~, A. pply t,o baa s evdIsrcin to BELL by ACION. cn tho P emises No. 22. Queen's-squiire. THIS DAY. Sept. 9th, at 12 the HO-UsSilOU Ful-I1TURB and EFFECTS; comp.-Ising beds amd bedding, wadrb wabtai chests of drawns. e r. drawing and dining9 room appendares, including ho T,clcscssOfd stuffed baird,CliyeAlee n te l h,kt MIR. MARSHE has received instn-uctions to SELL b-v .LtLARICTIONT. an the. Premises. 21, Queen-ss,uare. TEIS DA?, men1C lnenenu,ham-oCntralelctrs Buidotersad tirso-mt. a be iewd ad ctalgue ho onthepreise; ad a fro m;tieh * SydONhaceT Contractors,ptebulers1, and20 others. ms M R 2LAlS botwr-rderad.i rlots,e inhotreatrons frntGINthe To Execarly nof thecludtn Toas Huf-tnt, plau, toS neL, by takOinT0Incheson thetpre6iseet, i lells-road, ic Elelfbacting Tusdayuttnegt Sep. ,at fr . i nnvsel hnzotalots,team0 ofgsupero andC Kole, Place andotte BRIbSnches emisth srettolsean otoe ibeff-etaTo eathnguc obaine onthe remies;theplndatibeinhado nbeigh To aerngineers MIESSRS. FULLER aridl HORSEY wreisELLctby TION, attOe lO, dnFriday, SeptMbler 1 Xati1. nbteaoeMisdes, ber, onthatrk-bridge-oad. wintlouts ritoreerve , h KAC nERY an TOOLS, ineclydng5, includacing , wi-ath 9 drSing achfndex, glazin ion 20 inchsting 3ithbyetine l-ength drying slaelf-actin azig scre-utig lathigmie, on -c lathen, smallhoiontald stddlam engin and bowiler, smltths' fo APdroflrge, nwavce,beces, pumpts' wthos band 01cr offeci.sberni.e th2e moih-rningo ris, wesn cataogue -ayse 0be had o-nth promorsesad pofer ters Fulris stand eoy Bsellt e-pasin . ets To Eavl mako Papermakers,!~im-nohu, 1MESSRS. 'FULLER and HORSEY are instructed IS by tho Anssigcarof Tr.C.Gaterablesin, to SELL bv AUC-I..o Septemb. er 2ptembe2inlet. aitbthresaerve,,Etb &AmHIeRtabettd PL2aNTomending 1beInth machine, it 9dorthyeing aides,gar.ingts cibuttn mah he, wAshing,eatin, implddmints engies ptokeinTrad haf scuf pressop, pairuflactrger wTher pumpsene withinabe eam,cs-rnctuern,thre hoing h-pressur teach cpbe of c-orsle,tinghors,und GD-e horstepoe, twobagomuigahsrines hollers,ulexpansionschesti,srescistvern lined w ithIcd p1,0s fie det f,lend and erontpipes,on ralevil.ra latticPes andboies 2engine-turnin og lathes and oos biuck steeping tain's, 3pagtoiers, yroper priptingriacohine, sosehl tonsh dof as,uem a c ugaet t h-orse, nes powncrt. Corntinghbouser,1 fiettings, an other efecs. Dob viewtued bon baturdayreious drivthe gae,. whe catslogne mayesha on thespremi9ses ofd 3R. Nioolson,r En,official assigvne,2Easdicgalm-ssaotree;tto of M bsr.luernrel Pies,and Eoscr, oficitoras~.Le-d JeRy-chabeJ-rs:; and of .1essrs. Pulle'tr and Horsey, Billiter-streect. iy and EsSi of I? bLER edw a nd d pSasYure land.tructded byrNk th (ssn0 tof t. lahempolen n tyonSeyLby ACTo , Stins Frda,SetmbEer hm,at1 atiThe fatrym ESthatfor aenAt, abot two witou reere th OACKLEtY,a bmpeents fanord Stoc in ad of an Enrvelope tar,uEeiL be AUTheIitO s. nttew Marthi Tfew Dears. by Estonandavao,luahib and Main,includinglive oe n astu buenvdoe-oln mahintes,~t eac Gcapaberof completingu about 62r per rionte, atwogr, udpsturglachnes, onearn dobe-actionestapringiprels auonetvecyowrhful % tw orfs thve dietareses, twoneccentriound one vilaever Main's pteu ndthclner pristntinguachie, beautydieso te dl ondEessiam itea engie oC ts s.hdrse owYer,hil ionithbelIr 1sa fheetslng.4teets Bddiaeter 200 feet timber lid htbribing drativing ea. A-nc sezttlf actedinglat'hs vics, evealch,m&ottand xittes gooels,wOchards- -c hies sprng van aend tharnes auderoteigttonslofrblue a.nder . the supd crneamIsSenei of paper. 10arkeam o cowelounwd agri.uluaengofer antdthestaefflet. onbe vEwedtoan Thresosdayletesat,orsth yoe,m fre,om fca th a9t fSep,temer.Bsa 2,gdet-ermicablod ot t2e endof olr and Ifrea, b3,ithierlan.clo.dcity. tatennarua f -7.sb Gdlthestrvilbxe hsa, 0r{nnE melt nand Theklest~atse,myb corewrul the: psinoteemastrlrocds.plansatins,paresn-brhasatthbulangs and A. Oakey auctiofneber mead-land pas, .Reetuirelan, Lostdo-, straof lacssm e w o then Bc lansde agnds WocezboirneSatos near the-no Sthat, ighantwfomilStratordenAonu. ad1 Rt. W. A. OAKLEY haW be SEL ure wiAU ThION, 9attheaurlrs toISELL y Uetember9atthe art, HOLSDA I.ESTATE-, "ow2. a vauablow FarEEBoL,DUa FomprisE, wallkomnoas aubled and sbtumis -at houseiloceetir, romtbising s, out Sad, and of acrs-of le avsi' adpsur ad in a rzing fen,w txerd a-t r.Tedeprincipal. hmediated posession mrunds had.hesituatteon an Devineweed, uandpriu, aularst badlhtAl thewMr ofth pictuess Wnt eeryotaround Bhevllag Boiiof wihelteheamtooi and otfaleW.rA hillsein thecdistnee, The egtstate i stoe-bilt fsses-o:t, iand bildins, oireoly ercted upo admsis h tdheAsftathr', ughly DAnd Septetually dained, undermthe LAnSEi, HOLDeneo r POBLTYin oParkes, tbeowell-lsnVa,jrwimkltreueng ineero, plaandtheget-ate.i e ondleavertoo as resoponsbetenanit, for 21ryears,u fiestherfornofSep-tembeor. investdent.Tenbestate Isheled ofl 7 aor upndsheWrfirSyteahfrsngnhasetnmas The esat te mary beviwerrd byrertomisio eftetnn,an n narticalarsshad at the a;MessDuwur Martd ofrem-ett,Earhll,on-chaolictor,, I B-sreetdSanctua Mr, Wetintr A i. Ok WleA, Oakley, suniserad land agent, & Regent-street, Waro-lac do sodofha vows, arebn Buk an otLLagents, Wovety fr,Ivsmn,o thet,-C Grormmor,iene Fotarm Buidings,landI ZX&es.rso Lo ILR.W.A EL OAKLE tw d SEL by SELL, atth .ILa h al RSDY Septemer 9, t 1in 4 l EE.hspcoLD RESMENTE.know, sudo Fam o,Wls comriin lotm3 yearatl agonadsubsantalosestbig o ut-bildngs lorar, ae rnd 3f aer esorad n ugfne weitunereda lnd-staredeemed Bauon. mediateordplsasiu cransbeohad,Te est ate may ber stewed, and cpiarti bculars hadsi al-ar,leto the M fMsr.winleterbohm, and Bel sroundietors Cheltehebs dforam 4 ea-.s. , Oakey, auctionseer,dshPoeent-erse hWparwc-strelek-tee, mlto.-Leadsfor N Reaidenct wit groseund.eto 9 P . Du Pau. EsA. LE3 will SELLa byys-n AUCssr IOhe, atd Xea5s. th edfartTISd-rY, Septembearo9 atd 12, Ba dsrable&LeAS E- AOLDapROtaTl Ieincopriing ,Vnpo.0e Wawikstreet , ta y Pecenllco plasnLGOitae,aD offeingtrugoodopyotuntyfo pureetosisgo eiter nroupatio for Sinestmnt AUTheOetat in hel onb leiasefo Ivy autinee an lnd get. , egat-hret,Wearlous ars.xelen bInlhncr -lamdrate V.leti-esholPoei olv mn,o R.I LIS i dise a ito dt EL,a h at a0 groet ecen t of 4,ad~fr2 er talwntoto Crqul are, eld for4 rer autr10 anof a t £4s per annn rsdne and, plthhel forbtAnedof P.taepeIL ahm adshp ,11 hill-lace We. G. stend t. hl o 0yas tagon eto 9 F.luanlFour.el5old 13.south-Plstuar, Graya-exon; eras.Fihr u Keyand12.redetiford-row;less Conpron and Co.u hseville-uplace;oB Horton,est.m24.t0unvlain;ado r lod 6 Ipd-t 1~R. ELGOD is cinsctrecltedb thLL EyeTCTIOrst 13 a' Garrnoun 's farSAL bededy,AeCTION, 12 en - wo lortbyPivat FAml-eILY d REHODC0y5N SIE aigcpiaCelprprindLreeptownro as and numroandVlb%edrchambers wthandexra thirs convtenentldomfsti contes,laned erclletraivestallo atblaingstowtach.Hl cofnthen fieclam-d beatt, arawting ilng grond brenktasofo£2perannum domesbe vfiewe by aw tickts torbe had, withe furdn ther whtolers atoub 2r. ood'2 eroffies, Of, Frehld Lz,Ande, rsoaDulicoffg eringaopprtunitiesont to urhae Soce arram,la'dloon Wednesday, SepteMayber1 atewed in 12av lofte, veswrob and particl) arsD,t ith frontaes ofM40fet,and doepthEq. of10, feetch,rbtoPrk-road?,l b ening so the hihraprom rro n v3nouwodattohoouvich ad o theau Nmewr,15d.assrtialaesfrot th Orsavt Palce, I she entreof thileavaourelsit~, -and amrre.-wed. bynueou ila.a beRL viewd andL patiuls AUC Ith, codtions andalans Nobt, ar-ainediofaF B.ambt,erqellgre, cmpiing Wiliamste et;ro valbessoors. W.(a. and E. Haeloomachtcs, en$r, Bhil, wtoery-sqouavt ait theloseudelery,aotn.el,Pr-od at Garleweandp; ad ahotate fices ot the Auctioner 211r0, o Mines, cit. D zadSn,slctr,Agl CoahlualdreudEstate, atplalsanTowLeasse,ex-d_onerated fromh land-tax and resetnga favouableock,rhaty tompurchse froouato Or invesnsrutetbment,eutrsofth dl SR. ELLS Ei L directed Yo aELL by MarCTION at Garawa's. n Weaesd,S to. 17. a 12.hintr lots, Ppa;ltW semidetahed REEHLD Ct 40per RannEumES known anresei Richmnd Vlla~ earte Churh, an wihin 10eminutes'wtablkeo thre, contmplted ailay tatin a Plistu.BaceIW1h)scontains five haandlare roictre ardns th wole about2p roeds2 t eerhm ofabut2 aunum.Also twe-sorey arpenteres workshop, threeCottages. outnbuildngs,and ardsadiouihglet atr6 ents, anetin to g £45 per ensue, andlrd ayigthe taesa.rnm May b iwdby eavewofdth way': e lis th ofice-of he uctoner, lG, dinri',.ctye.cto. Fcreehold R aesidence wiathepdsrodn, leasonirysirove, atd Caomer-steet. 1~1~R.SEARL willSEL Pan UCTONratth - Freeold Estate, South.ead, Croydon. Soery. lIjRTH GAIRDNER is instructed to SELL by AUC- .01TION, at GarrwaIi's, n onday, Set M2.aIf those desirble rod substnial-built PFEIE,% int-he Bh-sitreet at the co-ncr of Lower Coonib-lane, -with extensive frontages to the high-streob and 00m~b-lane, for many ears in the occupation of Mr. Coomber. The premises compris good dwelling-hoswihhp.laebkoue oven, and warehouse--offering a ;_ wirtnth shor, lare atmoue,t They may bevriewed.,and pardculas had, sevenx dae,as prior to the sale, of Messs Drxuratinds, R1obinson, and Tl,sollritais, Croydon; awtiof M.Galrdner, 101, Totra-coDurt-read. London. layde-pazrk-gae .ensingtou.,-Randsoe, odern., and well-manus faetured b'uronittro, Articles of Vertu, and Ornamental Items, Sertvice of Plat.q and Plated _Articles, celar of choice Old ITmesLibrary *Chins Dinner, DissEct. and Tea Sectices, md Effects,. ~iESSES. TROLLOPD are favoured with inistroc,AYtious.tD SELLbrAUCTIO~N.Ontbhepremiss,H.z,-ndc-parkg-te, Kenstaton onueEvlay. the 2Zd dayocf Septemaber, and following days. at 129 fnor.t1he well-manqufactured HOUSEHOLD FURT&M. TUllE and BFFECTS, comprising Axmiuster. :Brussels and, oher~ corpee4endrs ad lic Iros.mhomayl fustArx7bimm is-ou, ala Otherbedsteads, well seasanedbedpdg, ve rvsrV-oilier wardrobio - washisblesa with maarble-tos choal and toilet glaMes, -chegst 4mrmwru and chamber rsoquattea, elegasit sceewoDd drawing roota suite. in: 1Do. and other tabilee, coyesatfoceA sofas, chalas lonnges centrAoateresan, eWeychali, crImson silk damuask window, ourt.iss,nroble elsimneY aind ODnsole glAMSe and tables,:chss,doleMa,- bustras' MESSR. BROMLEY aLnd SoN w iu SELL, by 'WJL TI fS3Xt1eXj "TbUk da S ernbeell, at% 12Zh CslW.-sGreA St uitreet, C ES kl-owdltn a 1tMbWs 0to Mr. 7crA, at-lSvoeraeinnm held fo 45t voi,aft"the low 'Annrss of 4. fe ieee-oved rental of LIe2 Peraumn. Xay Ue cGeoge. Cosueecial-road t Tlace ol mle; an o the ad5en,17. Cayncerelia-rnur, St. Geori"ee' ot SA&.Wae, Ifent.-To Taversikeeprese ulou,Getee'e 3MESSRS. RO EYln - WMl SELL b or! e- of Mr. Brand the ireeeto, retin from busnmj the,&, BbliLlS an O Wltr, (with UMo)fhi ~ ,a~ P'REMISES weltl)noWn as the Refectory Taxee n sd Wins. sad Spirit ETAablialiment, desirably situate, oppc*ite the Sendm. at,R&inqte. Held for 17 YCtsrs, at a low rental, The trade is Tery considm,b!e. averaging upw, dsof £6000a month nheses,au or Ps lewhid could t-ecocsidmrbly increasd by anyenutrprisiog ama~ of businews MaybeTiewed. P hdo hpeie;a h Prillel(Winns at Rismegate, Xaxgzte, atnd Canterbury: Mer.Wir -n rolicitore StL -Swthiin's,lane; tilaft Of sale; ansd ot the suctieneers. 17. Conaercial-roall, St- George's east. teosum grounds, with large gre,Poodcr,aainead r. ad. ME SR. 'BRO-mILEY alld_SON LWiM SELL. luy.TLAUCTION, at theMart, by orderof tltoereorietor, oniThurs. day. September11, at 12, all that FREEHOLD Eis ATE, coLnmeaing Wasigey H011ae, at Cbawvell-hesfth within 2i miles of a railfwa_ staio, ithth grdn ad an, aoufor cre, n he ecpaio soictos, 5, Condutstet atgntdtSeet Whit SartaLL~ biy Led -oAnfrN; Gan Thunrda. Chadwrabar Angel a'ird Swant, Use.t fourd plotceb ofrsaer n of the Proritioor,ra ,l 17, ommerialrsa - St. George's east. ~ ~ ~ 's te bin 1,2.epeassdroeryBom!ro oppestment orBOccptliton, oppotheNte 2.letSRo TBlrO2EsaLEX. dSO"il ELb FiYXLUC tIONon Tursday.4,September.G,W:1,atthe ars,,in ofour loe yrdanuefro eahht--he brpieo,oaussabre coSTenie trrIftn_ upoithrtomoeroadlsbltntia usenltfretuerM wic weaani b sitauad.be Nrw I, May,wro bpe vewtedtyhermwLqon of he otlsyo,. doariclway. bad aetL toW. Ble Turner. Eartel., ato0pe annum; Ewo, 2n. letratfordt.Of Ta.or W.t at£50- pErq annum;itor, Deaten lDet touse, Whieemanestee, a eR annum: lieo.4et Welr Gil atd of ther auin-eM 17tomaierntal,£220 St Gelforghealongter. fOlyas e-goulrn Cof £5 peroannmdreasc-h heSeeldh huses areo- ~COneenjenll gte reouetiv ourChasers. mayde vie Iwe by nerecherono Aanthe tenant. witn.h Statfoatio of W Ittdhe Judge towliosatoar, tDemidocausena attachied, a' the Auction Malrt. Loodon.-Ey biessrs. BRodLgay -andSOX,on-Thursdsr the Iltbdsy offleptember, 1886,ealtforI1 o'clock - eclEely. in two lote T )MRH ff; Prmises,situate in (frove-atlreet and JLA GOTO-Oue., ommerial eastoM, in the county of l¶idlesex; into the proerty of Mr. George Bracher. deeeaeed. consisting or lies EmUdeln-oaser, Moe. 45.6.0 7. and R. Grove-street, Commercial. l oroa at;and the ml eenand nd n ashed, no needa wuork.o shop, tiusten Goe-or,h reie may bre cwerd eltievedee ofWM. W n BAILpY soicior 2s ubmkl. reobr.licon COfMEaTs. Tee,IONgfrd and Garraden.soitre.aThst 50, Fder 2stret,1 o Cheatbd Londnf n ftr d thIt. IO R WaR.Blver,eslicior,13dS. Swibth, n's-lang Londo:ad the aucionerThmsaloSabn fosrs.3 horoey, andth son,th7 othe uealroad. Thet.;Geoydrge's eas.weosrceuote W eIFR T B"t .ardlesY wfiesumit o ubimgla toofrPEnd, dieto fthe ErCheu 0gw te,Bate JandEesCoding. q. theq LEra temof theE LIOm BREWERdY-d, Belve dere-roAad,Lble.t, shutting Pton, ttherrrhes exiaiono Stabie fir3ihoress,o at he southrentofth road0. The boerewryi held eyites alex cS fromtdo the mrhbsost omf rovedesysre, bohe-pirdingo occupying~ te ain ofL ground,b aenhelsendir Chsearltes Olea, Bero. aendftry Jy arton- Req.. for a term ofe0yetLadfro-dhy.ld23,at51 deerwmunbl. Pat thelaeset Cnri,BotILExYrn in favoure a ith£2 instuc.then from ar Eldeunderasepofathe leate, from ens GodngEs.,to BEq., fory ter exo10in at Gady-day. 123 a on 100rsper October. Particara mayth valuhal LEortl ofM. alr nhe tiOneer.S27,NCE 2, ell.sraetquaresborv lane.sity elvtofn. idan s Emiatio.,o arhtoe,ut and suvyr 1. Hat oblestoannr R-esienlce, withimmeditheapcses mon, i tBonnaeoeusare, the fmolyot ahiotnabelcaity, in condon.en and ineto vicinity-of thie Court and Prpiament,m renderang It hihlyd adesiablengo tocuation tage an invetmgent.sec a.nol nrnebU b ru tL a fwr. garLen Y saios daomesti wficsinthe mnstractonsafro wiTth oEmuecatwoa fom the latesJames Gtabng, forsix, tors ShaLb AUCPOI4 atudno fouacrriagyes.onTurday. Octmn oberm2 andloftorv,ter Hendsome levation, in temito of o8tee,fro builtdand 18n26ee in the o bes,mnndent.o Thel per denumcotan all the aleroeim cadsnony ncsary tionerafsl of7 -Iselstintio, FinuysqCneuetand walso arrned-on them upper ador areysengoliiodrbe chamers,olklthe- cioty.or,asut ofP.Fwr, Valuiaole rLeetond ropyoms legantl Liised,adhvn h vu Rtgerofsfontage vIneewsti eahwayinoleO.6i eThrnee lper aendgruaud star cae,lrg AInigoo hasd lirary,edresingstndbtoom ropein the a dower utarden spous domeltic oJat s; Going tEs. tew adEonin byAnd TIvOt enmatmuniewsi.on fo h Thouse,ain sctobeifr si~ h2orses, hanessI 1 ro aom,semdngs joupricarriaes, an coachma n' elroomes an loll tover. Stevdonens.aaYealTetO 50;hd for a term of q5 y ears from Layda,12 d tth -o gsundr 81,a h rent ofL(iefanm May bepvierre. Loy card Tony aetero tionseers, Ns Chisde4reStto-street, Fi]ur-SAnrer also of meters Noi. menof and BYey= soicitors-da, 13, Sufok-a gond rcity of L F. Edwards aeq., archtectUndisurvedyor,i,Hat-st&re-eh,oldosabluryhoqsa_eno Valuable Fr3esehod, Cwnonyhtrd' andYLeseholdsates, Re nt Chassge,Si Reversion aryZ pneest an £1,11ms1.e-e inoTheeit per Cnsent.Consle 1ititcr.DeBtfLEd he nlas freceivedantucin fromt, Lfnt th 85attbexoweutesof the ~iseramesCoing. East5. tod SiELL byAC k'of te Fthoarra ulwa-yus onThrsdam.asctohe rS, t oe inms 10ulots theog.abnve Cottrsig :Lt1 tbes, intuatecatvemewse, lot to teatsr.dca Sbtevns eta yarl reinti Lof 6 A0 Feheldfr Reter-o yarse of prom MAemume, o11,a the HutnRofentaofa peppercorend. Lot 2, Two Lbanehol Houes,hagMoe. 42 land4. Ston-sanreet, Hrsetm, dee-r.d Lambth Uno. annum, Moeyot. aniie Lo Moietyabl -,of ae kreeold.a tnlshoiulter. kato asgbgthe.n' bead,o tewmnto-treof Girn,ay,'snn-ae leeton SrCaleas ogle, Cite.,Ol.Br. and HenryJynins nsbtas pe.,fr anum ot 9ar A RemerMarchT 15 t£1peresi;1,1 annu . Three per esaut toinsre). Lotdin 4.e Unaivmes Moiet ofn getheme Freeholdcarctr Payabhlte onull adt tw0gntlhermentforgh letpcaiit,m'l on esefr0yas,fmthe'1tthofJMarch 1870(but'ntheoutintof£esi lthem.annum.Le). Und~secivded rfiesi morough, anewd.Cottaes,issitort at Mntor ett tenants. ariclroducge Bent-hargey of £3. RlOey o laud, ti Horsh2m, SCharer.lLstS.t Undi-rp qigigate. heLdsof h ofofems Dmmok nde.o lre.seoliSirtChrls,2 Sfogle. Baert, Cand Henry Jenk inys,o Pe., sElLprd annum.tLot 9.d Aurveyr1 3s7ousaryItesreeti £1,611 bOrYsqx hre;ad peGrrCnt Cnsle sanin i th ae ompmyf ourkseatlear ofhig charancte.pbe of teW ndi therocDek ofalesdaynowlertedberl(. and O Bofollrdy at10 0by ordrom mtyhe vireweD,rypemsso of the EsanWeteIndants,k Paclars, ma b~e hadhritlty of MTOE.SIe. coucitioneer 2o . ChPowerfl-steamengine aud maqusiry: alor af Messrs. D0mmosoknh and cahe.soliciors, 12, Sufonsklane, Cannon-stet city: ndlps 0 o of F.aEdwrdsT Eq arhiaec and suvtor, c7.Hot-oetreet. yards omcalcoy-sqs0 ard;sand waxtGasra.ruay's. fgu East and West -OpndiaoaDocks. TTibr erchNEs waild eLL by g-aseCm IONr, atS tbhlers Doack, lT-er-,dab,Septembter18 I'andollowing ay, Oratn,byodera 0?d otheDietrs.-Softh1e East andgWstret Inda ockheCompahny aiv laeg quantit of SthLoRES,nconisgeTeingufapoes lsta ngn n mocineyfra awill 2 tos f wouht ndcas thiont1 tons ofis nail, 25tonsof hqpsand aps.10 tnettared rope, warp disow, rSgIendidnafu slcompesd weralod rand, tionI riajootem- by ,lroadwoo.1 Tomrrw andraw gmatI virietyo othrd stre. Maybellviewed. two daysL priorectfro the d Pre.Ctmalogues 7 had ra t tth Mauried nt' offics,rEatwendWest endiaDocks Sp,1 a12pusandtof th ausiee7 Chacrgeo toe Tiber MeurtfChants, Builders Pcingthease.mabers, a PShibuiLde oZThers, Snosps's-iels, Rip ng-streltinBorough, withi fire mxinsus wtreet ofethe Londohe-nrthg Tieris.bewnPot&zmeadOl Quebc-sr. eet,eto reaspectfulr John ounceso tat teuof 8 erst Es.m timermcha ntma , will. atakzeu plac on1 P her Premiss ad abovie,t THISDAY Tusda. Spt.It ll xac tie.aproved bmrisatred provided. ~ ~ ~ ~ planiumTh po 1Seehold fl aouds GrandolndE-Pic%colmPianofothes byfo Gradwolan GlaLa am-and twolthrd.0Paorts b emfntnt makortPoers,Hap, mc OELLT anID Co. SEL EL by AUCTION A: with th theurPianoforthe Barneg.Carles-sat Grreet, L dTr Hosptal Tomorow,Septeme th0 1th at 1 for I i 2" 'clee, up Vaery,caso in hpatranne ofLand var. ietyinof mauactre by the mo(ldms3aneat mkers May bae vtiewed. end ctao ileussadm othedy p-ridr and lgtomrow. aud ar'ofCrdiff~.-and six horsr.Br vy eprwehinOfromdth setreet-Vluab Itopiustless.Premies,lptofalene atd£210dper tunree land, held direetetfrom Lord PohaMatmenfor 2ym enr,anta.rndreo ohefar etre£8.ofspnrbimio ci;e avgiZ t ROB feRt in D thik lls SELL alU t Owhc Garnaysbe eaiL tete asmon coenesday),iSes.10. atem2upursuanteta Decree o tieHgh CrouertiofsChaneery, maled finth severa eam b th aGrSHOe, ESTATohE,cmprsng1 aL otes.opAn dwlling-housne, No.21,g trfaeof sateret being oni the northr side.o btwee Pwotrtai an-ttseablen Old fromt1'iecorrais 1go3,ratioasrent 05 £10s per nnum,tandmhrod elber tfa th Abrdaore stasfo caltermfanich and yhevAros waraunorpimeat iestoenocs-eecy Irke, ata girouinden ofe£daper annum Tteime pro. E contined under o tetnat Prtches ayh roiitr 2,;o polecsO st abale, mneado v. and Dnatre& land. silso a Fseebotd Pi; g%rt, called Glyn lDan Mountain, about two miles and a half dstntt rm Glyn lai Famn, containg 83 acres, -t3 rode and 24 poles of excellent &heep p&sture, and also two detachd d-ieoea of mesdow land together containing 5a. 2r. 7p., called rospectsvely Itynydd-y-Gwyr and Gwain Iawyn Ciruwch, conti3nuons to the estates of ard Drnevor, the Countess of Dacmaven. Sir John Ivor Gnest. Bart.. Nashi V LIghZn, Eq. The fara, mountain, addetached pieces ar apesentletto-Mr.VLlewellyn Loneea, oearlytenant. Under the farm lie the several seams of biniDoua cal sad ironsone now beingWworked by the Ton-dn Iron Comnany. meisurint 69 feet rMicI, 47 feet of which can be worked at a profit, A coLeryintheimemedlatenslghbDnrhood bas been opened, and a Tin of coal 6 feet thick obtained. Levels have been taken, and a rsuasny-de, with the -objedt of oona stracting a branch from the South waleRal-way to ran by Ogwrpach Isver and tho valleys wm Garw and Glyn Og.sv Faur, within two miles of GlyuLian.. Under Gnln Lie mauntsin tlis considered there are two additicnl ssnam of co&Il to thoe lnder the farm The several seams of ooaI, msay of immetne thickness and snPerior epsalit#, which ie unnder -the estes, added to t4e regar rapply of water, the gEeatfacilties that exist for sinking pit' sad op6tlng collieries, and their advasaeos position asregards ras way trasbso, render them pecedhasi -aBecteve to petes dearos ot ?prebaang msieral pae4\ and seCurng a sfe ad0-pro. I!Whle intestment. Ala,i r uoariided Tided Paria or Shares in the Or property e Crled 3a-o nr-tbei 1pwls of Iyfelah, one ewesouthlof thfche rcb, and tbreesniles ncth of Swanas, compisingifi lv. 6p.-of ales d and pestreead, let to Mr. Geore =- s yeaey y* ot * and aso Two Thlrd>PaessO the COa tj!jewae ar )Ilna s; ehat may extatthe r.: Mn Printed - Pt e ray be obtined of Mt. William $ Gt i4- r Petfid, Caseiiff i willhlso shiow thea _ r 7 aolkhtor, Masthy Tjdfl'o Mlr ill J3 .' dkirkorga thXe_ ewnsatv iddB dt he s * ai;e. 'ad GarawI' >tiek,SdkLcW Lc~th i h at 2 for. 3 Vn'et S..k ies,svrms,je,aBf Ist.r,tYPEOLDF,5TA.T',in tb'pa ~staft eajMtal amasb.t tams 3e ast Dm*hlaw:,wItmm aid sheet 2D enuluwmes of ,".I ,an trieberl0s4n17 Itis now ~ocs rzomall modisainm bieuof titbes anid e oItdss m rnodtiat~ irUclaman ca tion feear1bda h ee In Cbano y.-"XMeor e"letheYm'- Grossla, at eIs ey Ies-ohBO A y~ LElFCHIIID, the audctonerapond 6 xawy- 'TEH DAY, in sDeo, Iwee 1Gt. AIValuble, PJoPeaV, s -uaeat C1ay-ltIu in .thas I& Parslh cc Buiyand coWt of Hecttedm,ithisn. a sbtootda..- lance of thetownaudxriWAy station of Wafotd,auday,* sued nl1,, muW m rstown, It compriats a ronwand seseveuleut 1&anil'4wC. lit4ingxoomandsmUpirour, erva*W haU and bedrooackitise ICUII,lardr.oW&dvoD,Iboamtogetbsorwith daiasyad olla in the basement; detace.d are I 'aene od awcoarhm~Gsep~cte thre-sal stbleceth-hoos-, c;..rlg abed, and i- s,T& Property onwtain about one acre, and is oosibold oy -the Man6o of! B3oshey, subiect to ab 5=al1 quit en-t sad the usual Ofne on deaLN ox-~ RlIenLtion. l'artlcnlars and ConditionS of MIs will sahoil be irniwd,' saxd mybehbad at theClasuo.sAr=msad ELer AwAms obe_ls, Wit. ford; at GarrAway-'s; of esers,HolllspwotstaDdTyermans,,alictiuei24, Grashamn-street; lltestr%.Yarc, Quizy, and llsrres policitor S, f IlneoIln'-inn4leIds: Mr. Z ls'ard, solciar Unun!iu wdf b -r efdKsolioes 62, maxte-street, ln o the o vest,v mnaybe Wue and cardst to Tiew obtabined. Ii 1 E-ligible Freehold Investments in 1,510 eresoFZ Lad. aod 19ANabl- ltent-CbasYMs near Ipswich and Woodbtjdge, in East Suffolk, - -. jMMR.LIJ?OHILD) ia instructed by the Truatjeesfort- 1sle, to SEIZL brAUCTIOIs, atG away's, aWoadoesdy; :17. at Ill forl1, in four lots, those valuable and imiportant FRREM MSTA2-TS, ne&r them cait9l market town aud pert oe Wbood MD1anet the on.ntyt-owa d-andw rstionof Ipebc, Theycomr,zi.wabs dir Ferry Farm. containing 716 acrer, eldl byMr. XathXAWslkes,tos ibevitabout 2Oacres of ralung the Pezr-tree Parm, Otley oe--.~ tamning80s cres, andlet to Mr. mo. Todd;theWoo aVsrm, 6tiS';: containing 01nres;,occupied by s.Chaaies Todd ;asoThre,uail,~-. 'Rent-Chaozges in lieu of tithes, Lrsmug out of the aboe- imed Suttear. Farry Farm, and from estatresbelocgiag toR PK.Y Cobbokd, Faq.,ani Me. 1ialtbT. Fuldmt- - ! odtm fW,191 of sale; of Mr. Moulton, auctioneer. Woodbeidge I of Ilueve A1ldri,san and Bromle7. solicitors, Sooth-square, Grayb !nn: or John Orfnrdl, iun,_ Esm.. sohcstor, Inesicb; and at tr. lI*f chiald' and and timbecoffices 62, Moorgste-itreet. Nutotice of Sale.-Wa wickshlre--The'Ho,ppodedore, nniortL and extremrely desirable Freehold YAnded. PFoperty. sutt Manor. F,esicenoe. Farms, Water Corn Mill Cottags, kc., of the esixcie valao of £l.ttOper annum. R . LFM HILD has received intations:tao. -SLbpublic AUCTION, at GatraasouTedySoti. za.s,e ttnly TalUaLble and moat edable FREEHOLD ESTATE which coDrp-isos a Ter7 aentlemoauly resiaence, withL gardeng an&-; groundi,, caLpital stabling, andI every neoeeesry appescage to a6 &ent-Tate,! rpOrtingedlishrmuet., Itis surrounded by about, 350 sacrs o2 vils,: arable, mneadow, pasture, and grazing lazd,-With suitable boinesteads.-.1 it. whichi rwell stoc'ked wit13h a; airoan exoellent wate dwellirng-hu,co.tta&ges kc. -The greater portion;af teilt ie hesta orio engenewzable lesaubold under theEinadCos of Wiussr Hoppeatort is delghtfull1ysituate at Mee,coet m station ontheT1rent ValeyRailway, withn sven iesefa rsy nin frm ugb, nd itin sersalsof heAtber ,jea. t&Freos to Tshreboldl;tenirpbe h.ad Tlat leprandi tun-a a ot Csnto7 3and rugby;apetyC,ext-wsyis ofthe-srsh ineulande Santldxeres, slii. GrioestwEie J R. LEIFOHILD irs instriucted by the Mortg ep to offer for Public SALE, at Gacrawii's, on Wedneda"y, Octben 12, at 121cr l,inserenilots, thoseexocedinglvaoal iJMne'Af5, PROPERTIES and COAL MRi.NS, in the Forest of Dean, which ass. well known as the Extension, the Empecor,' the Quidchurch, thu Ttnd!;. %he Birchien-grove, the lydbrook, and theg Horzy-hill Collieries,. TheEe capitol concerns are most advantageously siltuate near the high.-, turnpike rovad fronm HEEreford, Mlonmouth, mind Boss pret of thenxare at a short distance from the river Wye, and they are alt bounded or intersected by, or are immediately contingent tn, thaSevens and Wya Tramway, or tl's Bulb-put Banch of thu boutir. Wales Itailway. These valuable roineassre rich in well-known veinsr.- and seams of oDal; theycoDtain the celebratat OOlcford-hilJ Delf Veul -which averages aix feet in thickness, and other recognized SEaM3suiand. rout, all of which can be protbtably workeDd with great facility, chiefly by levelst,Dthoteextent ofat lease.2.000 tons per wiek, and thu tranailt by water and lratiryto Ualprezof the kingdom i both rben andex. peditionss. These extensive gales contain a sr,e ~ 10C acres, and they aro'celd in pserpetuityfrmtuCono em q~ to freehold-viz,,a royaltycof lid. per ton fcas rdena le. irngrents till they ore in fuliwor,Flldertinriuasn,conditions of zale,scrith plansofecot ibesud14aspevun or Mr. Housuan, solicitor, Bremagvrue;oath ilcsfr.i. chid, 62, Auorgate-screet. Lendonwhoifulathredo treatwvith any gentlemant or company for uilewIdorptiofheeatsbe Private Contract, Leasehold Investmenet, Olandifordatoe iiRi. A~ BOOTH wil SELL by A OI1,a hi .11 lart, on Thur-sday, etme 1 t,ltolt,TOsb, I Iorchester-place, Blindlocd-snz;hldietfutor ota, for 00 yesrs unexpired at agrndeto 5ec:ltt eelb tenants, producang a rnmtal o 10pranm ab iwd a. ticulaos of Wae at the Mast;AelIlito adflr.babrMooth, auctioneer and estt en,,CatehilVla,Cmdn :rend, opposite the Brecslosoe u LAeaseold InvestmentHolwy 1~1.IA. BOOTH Wml SEL by aUTO,ot thea aemi-detachen'iLA ESDh, S O,2, ,1.an scetabe tnans, roucig arenal f £40per annum. bay e- Household Fusniture, 20, Great George-street, Westminister. (-IHINNOCK and GA.LSWORTIIY wil SELL by'- -IA'UCTION, mpon tbe Premni-seTHI1S DAY, Se-pt, 9, at 12, all thc-~ HOUSEEHOLD FURNIITURE, comprihiog four-post a-d ether bed. stead;~ bedding. wnodrobes, chests of drawers, yosewood leo tables, chairs and seIne,s lsrze glosses, and carpets, dining ta7bles, tber- quisite-, and numeonus effects. Cu stiew the day preeding and moraing-: of sale, Catelocues had on the Premises, and of the auctioneers, 21,, Itecent-sirst, Waterlo-place, I ~~~~Government Stores,.Westminster. A MSRS& XVERSFIELD and H1OR1NEwi SEIs iLl.by UCTON,at hu Soreyar, GeatSmith-stress, Weetrrin--. ste, o Moda, Seteber5, t10for11,byorder of tho Cour-i s-- sinsso er 1aesty's Wor.s an mdePuli Bunidns,alage qati. be1ard,asiig th drewooe2. andorther u,sefl matbias. w aybe viem,rrow owtnesdayrViou, andt c0atalogueso haa the Oxcel en Rofors,IILl. WhUt-, walnu-plac; atathe ntere-adestansdebofteauc,tioneers, 40. Parliaunet street. Westminster. and Coolxbilathchange, Rcchi, aitlchamber-park-Ntmtoertus Fao.- rnitoeh tdol bedsteads . fahrbd FanBd w-idllg SELLau wingeUwCrdoboy roaLbon thew .l'eistn%tes12. orth-ban s, St. eJana-od. Tb-morol = :.,dneda, Soest. 1, retulitte I th bexcellen t hOisSIO d FUR.- badTEE oan ting3emsingltfands, thean ctsoedrwng o om suit WrinI -ainut woetdr, mahmognypdestal sjidleboad,tbcolses fofl mahomany I elscpetrmediin tBlesOsTHoEdngRoo cairsinestraser,tand. rouciec caitalchaberappttmen2ts,maogl..any Frl)enhandO. t;..- indatwos feathr ha l Tand bledding,maOgL n wSAE iinged arroes, chins,ean doeslbiti resuisites, oI Mayeviewed thisfday, RLhaind cta. logmbaon heiremses an atth auton fis, 2, W. ~andIck cme~ourt, Gay'nn, idd_ y4ul.big-_ aooleswocth-square, Nerlestondsy-Etighet,PPIeathebpoidsfr Ilestent,,ce and producin aUCIN rn a t th;el Moat on iums eldy.Spebr. at ron e .sO 12, inewodb lomts,aaianboftLenatsEHOndpESartE, ampisngfivW-- buprior. mane, n desic rably D. ituate, ei.Tngdon .2, 3g3,2,tand E .- tothNe GEaObR-mrG :-inMbYs by old ndosetify thnattheAud poduigaenRPEtaYo £ per aNnuT 86Dahel autigoanhed-rsof the vhiewe ad byterisio mof thpenants. Sand ps Fattlruairas-AdefC.WeltL borne, sLae sicitr, 17, Ditk-e-Ftret,LouduraleoriUNre; thMr an at the offiesbag of idsrap ice, eothema Fauctioer nur veyiao orts. s 25a.morim r ough, lesth actor ap,C, e.Gab O -mnA IAESSRSEORGEIBARR bees toEnotby AUtha0the an satte -oomics. Si,, oteumbe-street,nleagrthe-qarteo,oFrdy o-hTs assembladgeo esaimt tec ModernoFurniture, Paneloct,an.., dsores,oucum, andoube-asyction ,H ea.-p,Ch'imney GIats, Orinaelegnta gUriitems.ofdnurobl n uo Eecats, iinin, utso rtf,a6 -izSSrSl. OXBNlaumfote ilSELby JU5n fDan-treOt, s, otthgeir Roomj , mj 3 sqarx1infordtlee,nba temonthosmo,e an hid,' a ext. atd1 or ble-uctuonall y. to atat10mo=der occasond-bndseta o!! .tUBE oompbDokg waluzte, -e,A-baeaoodp, and mahogdany cheIrs,,sodes congucs, wind beasychirng caninets, Wcdrbei,mAeyssr in eleaund octave hsIrnal grand &_ china,soeb glliso n, of DiLean-s tress, ald mniuns a doube-ctrbion. harp bersted o. rh dard moocaioa.ndgatste oV ard cztalopsueshad, .Notire,_Wlthdrawal of Sale, No.2, Toubri,dge-nIace, New-road, jj,IESSRS. KBEMP bog to inform the public thbaXtL te SAIE by Ap,UCTION, of the elegant and superior FtlRNITUBE caabore, advertised for this daSy, Tuesday. Sept9, 9.-rill NO0B TAKE PLACE.-Au o&n saeofc, 7 udsre,Sp.S _Medeon.Foniture, Cottage pisuefortc, Music Stool, Wnat-not, Draw-, _igngBmcSaite,_TosidCahIinestoWosdrobe,l'lsteand-Plated-GoodS,. Linen, and otber Effect&. j OHN HIND- will SFLL by AUTCTIOILf, on th62 P,remises, , 3Lcannon-street-rnad, Commercial-road east ornTlauss- thy nxt, a 12, tJbII neU.lao, xomri -sri eent.nyfurpsta Axabiaontbedsteads, Prieat0%fher besWmUmess and be-dding, toil1etand. wbashlglst os tablde and tbedm ine,iFenc clock, springdabopandcelsets .- ofdrswers,japnidnchmsbo ter irt uems. geyh-ey v,IewedbonoWasedSr and morin of saler, caaouches,o teompreie,ada,h'astableer'sflces, Candno-strcetad-ro Badelsland oher catorkelll rIslam.- meroustberefeathbone-p!aPe. Oxfo9de1trbaet 4 TIUR.eT GE,t7G. nuRWHL& LrDS dWillS LaeLby AUCTOr nl: ELVJ.THIS rEmVENING,a 0.ond atsoretmeunct of meecrX Mi~ ldOD7UtNTUR~ ompisig mhanyraTAnaj d cornic-to fou-pot edseas, rie gos fethr bds an Ieddg diabl-totesntadaan resig aoeo oietglsss,mhoan cessofi- 'be had as above On Thursday andL Friday, at! precleeLy.an extenaive,-. taolefsupe~ri.orfheffieldplsteandBiunlnghamgoods ainreat vaotety_ on vsewWs dntesday, sod catalogues to be bad. City.-Under an Execation.-Two Houses of - el egant modem Fmnl'., ture Chi-n an d Glass Proo f Engravin gs, Oil Paintins, a Oine-tond. fur.aOoreannmsos feto, -well aspted to famdifie M E.IZOD begs to announce lie hou received instnzi. IL tirzltoSELLby AUCTION. attheWarerome.69, Qucsen-Mreet,. two deer Iron Ne'w -Caann-stseet; si THL4-DAY MdTus)r, Sept, 9.. at 12, the CbiONTiii, of TWOM&MBNCES. taken san execution, and coiniiaing an eleggan wglnhut mnite covered in -slves.~ tables and ulseffonless handsmely carvd, an elepot inlaid coamodse*: rich -Felvet Dile caret, large dstawes. a .Wllli aui-oned plaost bsmzseB poits,sodothr iems the diulog roomi and ateal fsrnitae oft solsC line SpwanIh muahoganmy, includin sets ot dials, so lounges eereeC, back aideboesd,dinnerwaggon. telescope dinin eit&CI hy 32r!ncdP%l bed rooms we hanDsme carv-ed Arabiane beds6MI Ndil' cAlu masorgs and beddiuir deleant winaud wardrabes, dvawtat~ da bies 30tisis camss ebeya sad &mk74-IrglM, JIM-. ; kttcheseand oct-dloswitems, kg, Ma,ybe.viewe Ibe csiof saJe:Catalogues bad of lthe anwrmber; MAd on e *sfee city,. AiSWootir's Waeehoa, 21, Boslgs.aow. telnica, m bumda7, UePt. II.. - t remuly,on aoeousst fwbom* ILtW mUu, ~ and sick ciet~~~, U new mhgo ~ ~ ~ 15551eeb5ISW5W11111
