DEATHS. On Sunday, the 30th nlt., at 24, Durham-terrace, sincerely regretted, the lady Henora Elinibeth Hester, in the 2d year of her age, eldest daughterof the late Earl of Cavan, and aunt of the present Err, and relict of the late George Frederick Harvey. Esq., late Captain in the 18Sh Hn3sars. On the 17th of September, 155, at Motueka. in the province of Nelson, New Zealand. Alfred Christopher Picard, in his 32d year. On the 11th of December, 155, at Bunbury, Western Australia Denzil Ons.ow, Fsq,, fourth son of the late Rev. George WValton Onslow, of Du;nsbhrorgh House, Ripley, Surrey. On the 25thi of December. 1855, at sea, Georgiana Crosbie Waltona Reddle. wife of Robert Muirhead Rteddie, of Calcutto. On the 24th xlt., at AberloUiwyn. near AberyAtwith, South Wales, Lieut.-olmiel Cn,-orles Richardes. Bombay Army, aged 59. On the 31st ult., at 21, Suftolk.square, Cheltenham, John T. Bla'keney, FRe., aged S2. On the 31st unt., after a painful and lingering ilness, at his residence, St. Mary Church, Devon. Lient.-CoL Sanud. Fox, formerly of the 30th Regt. He served throughout the Peninsular Campaign, and for many years in India, and died beloved and lamented by all who knew him. On the Ist inst.. at his residence, the Croft, Tetbury, Glocesterahire, in his 64th year, Samuel Albin Saunders, Esq. On the eveningof the Istinst., atRushbrooke, Marion. wife of Robert Knox, Esq., of Rushbrooke, county Londonderry, Ireland. On the tst inst., at Knockany Vicarage, in the county of Iimerick, the Rer. John De Courcy O'Grdy. aged 55. On the Ist inst., of consumption, at his parsonage, Wotton-underWood.BErsc'. in his 30th year. the Rev. Alfred iobarts, only son of Dr. Rtobarts, Burnham, Bucls, leaving two orphanchildren. On tne 1st iust.. at his residence, 5. Upper Grafton-street, Fitzroysquare. SIr. Charles White. of congestion of the brain, after a few hours' illness, aged 55. On the 2d inst.. very suddenly, from an attack of gout, at his seat. Blydd Court, itWorcestershire, Sir Edmund Hlungerford Lechmere, Baronet, in the 64th year of his age. On the 2d inst., at Harlwoden-green, Mr. Will1am Penn, late of Ringstreet, Holborn, in the 43d year of his age. On the 3d inst., at Waltharustow, Mr. Finlay Fraser, aged 63. On the 3d inst.. William 1,ewis Lbhr, Eonq., second son of the late William Lewis Lhr, E1sq., of St. HIelenus, Norwich, aged 37. On the 3d inst., at the Vicarage Farm. High Wycembe, Bucks, of bronchitis, Mary Anne, wife of W. H Williams, Eq. On Thursday. the 3d inst., at his residence. DaLston, Charles Burield, Req., and of No. 12, Wellington-chambers. London-bridge, in the 71st sear of his age. On tU:e 4th inst., at Stitchcomb, near Marlboroiugh, Henry Wood. m, Esq., aged 61. On the 4th inst.. at Larkbear, Exeter, aged S6, Charles Bowring Esq.. father of Sir John Bowring, Governor of Hong Kong. On the 4th inst.. at Gravely Cottige. Steverage, suddenly, the infant ron of C. IL Fenwirk REq., of 33, Rutland-gate, London. On the 4th inst., at T-unbridge-welis, Sarah. the beloved wife of Miajor Straith, and relct of the late Francis Carleton, Esq. On the 4th inst., at Bishop's Court House. Andover, Rants, after a short illness, Hrriet. wife of Mr. Thomas Mfortimore. On the 5th inst.. at her residence, 27, Woburn-sqaare, Mrs. SwaIfck, relict of the late John Swvanwick, Esq., of Liverpool. On the 5th inst.. at No., 7York-street Poriman-Equare, John George, IWant son of the Rev. W. Hf. Shore, aged three weeks.
MONEY-MABRKETand CI YINTELLIGENCE. I ma|ntained a continue Saturday Evening. ,maintainedwith steadiness. Consols remain at 93 to t for money and 93i to i for the 8th of May, the transactions of the day having been small, and unattended with the slightest fluctuation. New Three per Cents. left off at 93 to i ex. div.; India-bonds, lOs. to 5s. discount; and-Exchequer-bills (March), is. to 4s. premium; (June), 2s. discount to par. In the foreign market there was an advance of about one per cent. in Mexican, which was fairly supported to the close. Operations took place at 22, :;, #, and 23k, and the final quotation was 23 to J. In Turkish Six- per Cents. the purchases were at I013 for money, and 102, 102k, and 101t. The Four per Cents. Guaranteed were negotiated at 101j for money and 101i for the account. The general business comprised-Brazilian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 94;Ecuador, 5 ; the New Consolidated, 15; Granada New Active, 22- the Deferred, 7k.; Greek, O2; Spanish Three per (dents., 45k; Spanish Certificates, 5 and . per cent.; and ?cuadorianPeruvian Dollar Bond, 58. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. 90c. for money and 2Z3f. 20c. for the end of the month, showing a decline of a quarter per cent. At the same time there has been a slight diminution in the pressure for money. At Yienna there is a tendency towards firmness. The Brilliant has arrived from Port Phillip with 15,426 ounces of gold, valued at 61,6041. The Vimiera, from Sydney, and the Alecto, from Moreton-bay, are also reported, but are not stated to have broug,ht any gold. MIessrs. Syers, Walker, and Co., East India and general merchants,whose suspension was announced yesterday, have issued the following circular. It appears that their uncovered liabilities are likely to prove larger than was at first supposed. They are stated to owe 260,0001., while the unsold produce they hold, and which cost more than 220,0001., can be realized only at a heavy depreciation:- " Allhallows-chambers, Lombard-street, April 5. "From the disappointment that we experienced by the non-receipt of expected remittances by the last India mail, added to the almost unprecedented depreciation on the large amount of produce which we haveostill unsold, we have felt it our duty to suspend our payments; and, in order that the position of our affairs may be ascertained as speedily as possible, we have placed the same in the hands of Mr. Coleman, the accountant, with a request that he will use his best exertions to place the results of his inquiries before you as early as possible. " In the meantime -v'e respectfully solicit your forbear. ance, and be- to aissure you that whatever property may come to hand will be held specially to the purposes for which it is advised, and also that the funds belonging to the estate will be protected in like manner for your general interests. We are yours faithfull C " SYERS, WALV '),m Co." The above suspension has been followed by that of Mr. W. 0. Young, a shipowner, broker, and insurance-agent, hitherto enjoying an extensive business. His liabilities, exclusive of those upon insurance policies, are stated at 120,0001., a considerable portion of which has been incurred in connexion with Syers, Walker, and Co. The estate, it is said, promaises a fair result, the shipping and other property being all unencumbered. Anne2;ed is the communication addressed by Mr. Young to his creditors: "Sun-court, CornhiU, April 4. "In consequence of the susuension this day of Messrs. Syers, Walker, and Co., for whom I have become under heavy engagements, I regret to be compelled to inform you that I have felt it my duty, acting under the advice of F friends, to suspend my own operations and to take the opinions of my creditors as to the best course to be adopted for their interests, and with that view I have to request the favour of your attendance at a meeting, to be held bore on Thursday next, the 10th inst., at 1 o'clock precisely. "I am your very obedient servant, " W. 0. YOUNG." - C-reat gratification was expressed a few days back at the fact of Mfr. Pellatt's bill in relation to crossed checks having passed its second reading. It is now asserted that the Govermuent intend to propose an amendment which will render it totally useless. They profess, it is said, to recognize the principle; but think that it cannot be carried further than to require that a crossed check, whether bearing the namne of an individual banker or simply the words " and company," should be passed through some banker. No bill was needed to attain this, the judges having already distinctly announced, although at some sacrifice of logic, that while a special crossing cannot be recognized, a general one, such as " and company," maybe considered a valid direction. The evil complained of is, that there is no safety short of a special crossing, because, owing to the facilities afforded by joint-stock banks, every one can now have a banking account by paying a trifling fee, and a person inclined to misappropriate checks, the property of his employers or others, has nothing to do but to scratch out the name of his employers' banker and to pay them into his own. That the time of the Leg,islature should be wasted by their being called upon to pass a measure merely to perpetuate the existing state of the case seems almost incredible. If the Chancellor of the Exchequer should seek to justify it by contending that any check made special should be subjected to the stamp law, it must be borne in mind that -when it was proposed to put a penny stamp on all checks he thought that it was not desirable to offer any impedimeuts to banking facilities. As three-fourths, or perhaps seveneighths, of the checks drawn are believed to pass through bankers, the blow inflicted upon banking conveniences by refusing to leg,alize special crossings would be far greater than any that could result from the resort to a universal penny stamp, while it would be without compensation in the shape of an increase to the revenue. The railway meetings of the week have principally been connected with secondary undertakings. The dividend of the Scottish MIidland Junction Company has been confirmed at the rate of 3? per cent., and the report has been adopted. At the Tournay and Jurbise meeting the dividend declared was at the rate of 8s. 8ad. per share. The report of the Wellington and Severn Junction Company has been agreed to, and the, line to Horsehay wvill, it is stated, be opened for trafflc in about four months. The dividend of the Waterford and Tramore Company is 4s. per share, leaving a small balance to be carried forward. At the meeting of the Irish SouthEastern Company the dividend declared was 2s. 6d. per share, and the trafhic shows a steady increase. The report of the Bagenalstown and Wexford Railway exhibits some progress, and possession of the lands is expected to be obtained without unnecessary delay. It was stated at the Portsmouth meeting that negotiations have been opened for working the line when it is completed, and that the general progress lately made has been satisfactory. The dividend of the Paris and Orleans Company is equal to 16 per cent. for the year, and the revenue exhibits very favourable results. The shareholders of the Bridport Railway have received the statement of the directors, and have authorized them to borrow .21,6001. on bond or mortgage. A return moved for by Mr. G-lyn shows the total of country circulation withdrawn since the passing of the Bank Charter Act to have been 735,4091. The provision which allows two-thirds of thisnamely, 490,2721.-to be replaced by Bank of England notes-was acted upon in December last by an issue of 475,0001. It was officially confirmed this morning by telegraph that the Sultan has authorized the establishment of the Ottoman Bank. Inteligence was received to-dayt the Cunard steamer Persia, from L*erpool, arrived at New York on the 20th of March, after the remarkable passage, for the winter season, of *li days. 1r. E. I. Betts and Mr. T. Brassey, two of the contractors of the Grand Trunk of Canada Railway, sailed to-day in the Africa to promote the contemplated arrangements with Athe provincial Government for expediting the completion of that indertaking. The Kate Carnie (Rodger), 549 tons burden, arrived this morning from Shanghai in 90 days, suipposed to be the shortest passage on record. The following note relates to the question of competition between the English and French lire insurance offices;- " Sir,-As the agent in this country (jointly with 3L Bangerean) of La Irance Fire Insurance Com permit me to correct an inaccuracy in the statement % 'ichappeared in your article on Thursday last respecting the terms upon which that company effects insurances upon property from loss or damage by fire. "I find it there stated,-' While English offices charge 4s. 6d. per cent. (namely, Is. 6d. premium and 3s. duty, polices may be effected in the office of La France at 2s. 61. per cent., the French office, even upon these terms, getting *S. percent. more than the English for its risk, and the assurers at the same time saving 2s. " Now, the truth is, Sir, that the office of Ia France grants policies upon property at the rate of 2s. per cent.; and therefore the assurer effecti a saving of not less than 2s. 6d. percent, by insuring in that office. HIence the secret of the success which the company has already achieved. "I do not presume to handy law with the Chancellor of the Exchequer, but I *gree with you that any attempt to prevent the operations of foreign insurance companies by force wiill be ineffectual. Nothing can be more plainly illogical than to attempt to impress a policy effected in. an office in France with the character of a transaction subject to the English Stamnp Acts. As well nal;e a checkXdrawn upon a Paris bank liable to the Penny stampn " If the Chancellor of the ixchequer sees fit to liberate the English insurance companies from the burdens imposed upon them, and put them upon a footing with foreign o9ices. hewill onybe doing them justice. Even then I should not fear competitionfor L France. There is room for all; and a well-managed company is sure to succeed. A At present the English offices are like racers over. weighted m the race. Let me advise the Chancellor of the Exchequer to try his hand at a little handicapping, instead of coercion, for the one he can do, but the other he cannot, "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, `W F. TEALS BELLNG rAM. *La France Fire-office, 35, Bridge-street, Blackfrisrs." A correspondent under the signatare of " A Aerchant" complains that the telegraphic accounts from China of the exports of silk and tea are incorrectly given in Te Tines City Article. "I have reason to believe," he says, " that in your publication of this day (lst of April) the exports of tea are much overrated, while those of silk are given as much smaller than they really are." It is wel understood that exact accuracy is not attainable in these statements. They are sent by the correspondents of the various firms, and all that can be Aone is to select for publication those which proceed from, tne best sources. On the whole, it is thought they are rarely incorrect. In the present instauce, so far from the exports of tea having been overstated, it is believed they have been understated. The total given was 63,588,3001b. In the circular of the Canton Chamber of Commerce it is put at 62,1S1,7001b., and there remained to be added [the shipments by the Redgauntlet and Joseph Fletcher from Shanghai, amounting to 2,438,0001b., which would bring the aggregate to 64,619,7001b. Again, with regard to the export of silk, which "A Mferchant" alleges to have been placed too low, 7ime Times total was 31,750 bales, while that of the Canton Chamber of Commerce is only 31,325. According to the circular of M. Arles Dufour, the Lyons silk-market during the past month has manifested continued activity, accompanied by an uninterrupted rise in prices, owing to the lowness of stocks. A fear is expressed that unless the approaching silk crop, which now promises well, shaU put a stop to this movement it will lead to diminished consumption.. Subjoined is a general abstract of the shipping returns of the Board of Trade for the month ending the 29thof February. They show an extraordinary increase of activity as comparedwith the corresponding month of last year, when the dulness of trade was greater than at any other peiiod of the war Entered inwards With regard to the coasting trade, the tonnage entered inward was 1,041,077 in the month ending the 5th of 3March, 1854; in 1855 it was 779,098;and in the present return it is 924,963, including 22 foreign vessels, of an aggregate burden of 5,683 tons. The clearances outward were 996,705 tons in *the month ending the 5th of March, 1854; 781,412 in 1855; and 992,677 (including 1,835 tons of foreign) in 1856. The annexed information relative to the progress of English mining adventure is condensed from the Minitig Journal.- "There has been no great increase in the business transacted in mining shares, but it is believed that it will shortly improve. The dividends declared on 17 English and one foreign mine during the past month have amounted altogether to 46,2561. At Wheal Basset meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 2641., makig the net balance to next account 1,5401. At West Vheal Providence meeting the accounts showed the payment of a dividend of 15s. per share; a balance of 46Sb1 was carried to next account. At Speamne Moor meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2491 - a dividend of 15s. per share was declared, and an availaie balance of 391. carried to the credit of next account. At South Garras meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 3,1131.; a caU of 131. per share was made. At St. Columb Tresavean meeting a call of 10s. per share was made, payable in instalments of 2s. per share every six weeks. At Devon and CornwaU United meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 2451.; a calU of 2s. per share was made. At inney Consols meeting the accountsshowed balance against adventurers of 221. At Cwm Daren meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mline of 661. ; a call of ls. per share was made. At Great Cowarchmeetingthe total amountof liabilities was stated to be 2011. ; a caU of 2s. per share was made. At Great Wheal Rothschild meeting a call of It. per share was made. At Ballymoneenmeetingthe accounts showed a balance in hand of 2111. At Yeoland Consols meeting a call of Bs. per share was made." With reg,ard to foreign mining, the following is the only paragraph of interest " In foreign mines the market has been firmer. Linares have shown an improvement, and were dealt in yesterday at 71, closing at 71 to 5; Santiago, 31; United Mexican, 4. The Mexican and South American Company have advices from their smelting establishments in Chili by the La Plata. From Herradura works the advices are to the 13th of February. M1r. Barnes, the chief superitendent, reports the arrivals of several vessels with coals and ores. The smelting was going on well, and the establishment in good order. From Tongoy station advices are to the same date. One furnace was to be employed in smelting down stockl. From Caldera station advices are to the 14th of February. Mr. Barnes, the chief superintendent, had made his visit of inspection, and reported the works in good order. Mr. Rodbard reports that nearly 1,000 tons of copper, copper regulus, and silver regulus were on hand, and that the Chaucer, Frederick, and Prima Donna were to be loaded. The compny'sscrew steamer Anne was working between Herradura Wvork and the ore stations at Tongoy and Tortoralillo. The Law Ogilbyhas arrived, after a passage of 96 days, with 130 tons of copper and 230 tons of copper regulus, from Herradura."
* Bins oF ISsuI.-There are 48 banks in ihe provinces whih have .ceased to issue their own notes since the nassing of the act 7th and 8th of Victoria, chap. 32, and the aggregate amount of their circulation was [Advertiseinent.3-The following is the House List of Governors and Directors of tho Bank of 1ngsland for the year ensaing, uiz.: For Goremrnes 'flanI3lattbiasWeguelin, EBQ.. Govemor. Sheffleld 2Neave, Esq., Deputy-Governor. For ffDreCtors The Election for Goveror ad Deputy-Governormill be held at the Bank on Tuesday, the 5th April, and for Directors on Wedueoday, the Ith A1)il, trom 10 'clock in the forenoon till i tD the afternoon.
IAILWAY AND MUIYEW SHARES. Saturdy Evening. The railway-market has been fairly supported, but the tranactions have been less extensive. Foreign descriptions were again purchased to some extent, and prices continue to exhibit firmness. Belgian are stated to be favourably influenced- by the negotiations for arrangements with the French companies. There was a slight decline in Australian Agricultural shares, and they closed 32 to 33. In miscellaneous shares the operations were limited, and prices remained without variation. London and County were purchased at 31i and 33X. O!tomnan Bank left off 2 to i pr; Bank- of Egypt, 1i to 2pm.; Western Bank, 2 to 1 discount; London and Paris, 3 to 2 discount; Alliance Bank, 1 discount to par; National Discount Company, i to i pm.; and Turkish Gas, i to i pm. ORDfMABY B&RES AIM SToCKs.
FIRE IAfSUR"CE. TO THlE EDITOR OF TME TI S. Sir,-The establishment of an agency in London for the French company "Ia France" has awakened public at. tention to the heavy tax which now so effectually deters the rnajosity of the peaple from availing themselves of the security offered by our home institutions. Permit us, Sir, to suggest, through the medium of your columns, a simple mode of meeting the requirements of the sub3ect in question. Let a short act of Parliament be passed without delay, reducing the duty for the present year ls. per cent., and providing for similar xeductions in the years 1857 and 18SS, after which time the duty to become permanent, at Is. Od. per cent. We may venture to assert that the increase of business to our olwn insurance companies, and the revenue derivable therefrom, would more than cover the apparent loss the annual reduction might seem to indicate. We are. Sir, your obedient servants. IINTON sAND Co. vJentm msurance ana Bani3ngAgency, 7?, King William-street, City.
CAmBIDGE UxIvxnsiTy REFonm BuiL.-The CambridgeUniversity Reform Bil isbetterthan thephoenix. That famous bird passed through the process of destruction to rise again equal to its former self; this fortunate bil is hnocked on the headto start up again with redoubled vigour. Mr. Bonverie has sat apon the egg this time; and, so far as we can judge; his chicken has a good chance of coming to maturity. The state of the case is s follows. Towards the close of last session, the Government yielded to the wishes of the resident members of the University, expressed in petition to Parliament, sofaras to form theminto aconstituency for electing the eight members of the "overning council proposed by the bill, v;ho should be neither beads nor professors; with the restriction that not more than two of these members should be taken at the same time from any one college. They retained thereby the sectional mode of election rejected by Parliament in the case of the Oxford Bill, and declined to give the council the power of nominating the -Vice-Chancellor, as weU as various other powers now exercised bythe heads of colleges collectively. The new bill does awlay with the sectional mode of election, and gines te> the council the power of nominating in all cases where at present the heads collectively possess it, with the limitation that the two ;cersons nominated for the office of Vice. Chancellor shallalays be heads of colleges. The council will therefore now consist of four heads of colleges, four professors, and eight ordinary members of the senate, all elected by those members of the senate who have resided within a mile and a-half from St. Idary's church for 20r weeks at least duringthe year preceding the time of election. But any head being a professor is eligible to sit in the council as a professor, and any head or professor is eligible to sit among the eiglt ordinary members of the counciL In al otherpoints of importance the bil repeats the provisions of that Or last year. Prsure has already done so much to improve this bill since the Lord Chancellor's wretched abortion of a year ago, that we have lite doubt of its further success if a necessity exists for applying it. The points that remain for the consideration of the members of the Cambridge senate are-whether it is wise to confine the Governing council in their choice of the Vice-Chancellor to a head of a college; and whether the discipLinal nower of the University ought to be intrusted to the counc instead of to the heads coUectively. The latter transfer may be involved in the general repeal of the Elizabethan statutes, provided by the bill; but if this is intended, it isimportant enough tolemand specific mention, and if it is not intended, the question is whether it ought not to be. Both points are fairly open to discussion, and the resident members of the senate should express an opinion, if they are not satisfied with the proposals of the Government. in respect to the concessions offered to Dissenters from the established church no advance is made on last year. Dissenters are to be allowed to take all degrees except theological degrees, but not to become members of the senate, or eligible to any office hitherto confined to members of the established church, and for which such degree has been one of the qualifications. The only question is, whether Dissenters a5e strong enough to carry more than this ? If they are, of course they will do so; and they will have many wellwishers at Cambridge, and among those members of the established church who think it the deepest injury to their church that it should be the means of excluding British citizens from civil privileges. The names of the commissioners forcarrying outthe hlsauges required in the statutes of colleges, and various other details quite unfit for Parliamentary discussion, are, except in one instance, different from those of lastyear. That one instance isunfortunatelytheBishop of Chester; andstiUmoreunfortunately, it happens, that of the many able men named with him the most able are notoriously either engrossed by other business or in a poor state of health. Vice-thancellor Page Woodhas, weshouldthink, littletime tosparefrom hisjudiciallabours. Dr. Vaughen has Harow onhis hands and bv every account finds it quite enough of itself to absorb allhis activity. The Dean of Ely iseunhpily of late year; not so strongasheusedtobe. LordStanlevymay,ifhewill,keep the bishop in check, but the bishop is dexterous, and has the advantage of having been long resident as a master of a college in Cambridge, -whereas Lord Stanley onlv resided there as an undergraduate. The Bishop of Lichfield is an amiable, an able; and an upright man. We trust that he adds to these excellent qualities firnmess, decision, and liberal vievws on the questions that will come before him Our chief hope,however, isin Mr. Baines. Stilmore we relyonthe fact that Cambridgefhas done agreat dealto reform herself, so far as her statutes allowed her to do it, and therefore the commissioners will, perhaps, have little to do but confirm the changes proposed bythe colleges on their own motion. iE;very friend to these institutions would wish that there should be no necessity for the interference of the commissioners. And now Parliamnent need take but little time i discussing this bill. Its general principles and most of _ts details have been affirmed in the Oxford Act of 1854. the points wve have mentioned are almost the only points that admit of any discussion, unless attempts be made to go back from the positions taken twro years since in the case o f Ox:ford. La Eingie night in conunittee would suffice, if members wFere resolute to understand the matter beforehand. We shall be heartily glad to see the bill safely throurhand in operation ; for it is of no small injury to the Wniversitvtobe kept for Tr.ears together inagitation: about fundamental changes in its constitution, and in conshat expectation of an interference from the central Government, which at best is a dangeroas remedy.- SpcMator. CoNerTY CouRT JuDG3ENxs..-The total nuimb of thee judgments registered in 1S52, 1855, 185,I and 1855 amounted to 145,048, including 19.594~ last year. The number of petitions for protecton from3 process registered last year was 1,460; the amniber of orders unter the Chritable Truss Adt enrolled, 50; and the number of serches mde, 12,819.
z4ZLWIY INTEZZZIGENCE. a1sRVEAT WESTERN OP flA?ATNA- The report of the directors of-this company states that the net revenue for the half-year ending the 31st of January iast amounted to 85,9241. currency, after deducting interest on loans. Ttis sum is equal to a dividend of 9k er cent. per annum on the share capital entitled to divi end, but there bas to be deducted tojrovide for the rery=ent of the Government loan 12,77>., which leaves tae %vailable balance 73,1491. Ouxt of this sum the directors recommend the payment of a di-idend at the rate of 8 per cent. annum, which will absorb 72,7831., and leave 366C. Te gross receipts and the working expenses of the line havo both suffered from the unusual severity of the weather during the past winter. From an extreme degree of cold, and from a succession of heavy snowvstorms and drifts, which have on many occasions entirely suspended the running of trains on connecting lines for veeks to-ether, the traffic has been seriously impeded, and the working expenses largely increased. In the locomotive service the destruction of wvheels, tires, axles, and other parts of the machinery has been unprecedentedly great. Notwithstanding these drawbacks the traffic has increased considerably. The passenger traffic for the year ending the 31st of January last amounted to 383,1501. against 262,0721.' for the year endin- the 31st of January, 1855. The passenger trffic for the half-year ending the 31st of January lnst amounted to 212,2491., of which 119,2211. was foreign or through traffic and 93,123 local traffic. The goods traffic for the half-year amounted to 96.03Sl., and the live stock traffic to 21,4761., against 4S,7501. and 2,5821. respectively at the corresponding period ending the 31st of January, 1855. The goods traffic for the year endinig the 31st of January last amounted to9 166.851U., and the live stock traffic to 2S,955l., against 78,9431. and 3,8091. respectively forthe yearending the 31st of January, 185. The receipts during the past half-year have reached an average of 12,6871. per week, or 491. 16s. per mile per week. The working expenses have not amounted to 50 per cent. upon the gross receipts, although the average expense of working all railways m America exceeds 50 per cent. The experience of the past twvo years has shown that the cost of maintaining this railway in a thoroughly efficient state wil be (owing to the severe changes of climate) greater than was at first supposed. The engineer estimates that after the tine i5 fully bal sted and completed the cost will be at the rate of about ISOI. currency per mile per aunum, exclusive of the charge for the renewal of rails, chairs, spikes, sleepers, fencing, &c. A large sum is included in the p.resent charge for removingt he heavy falls of snow from the rails. The directors propose to continue to charge the cost of renewals to revenue each half-year as they occur. The locomotive expenses for the past half-year amounted to 50,5181. currency, the number of miles runx has been 627,143, making the charge per mile Is. 'Ad. currency. It is intended during the present year to replace the cast iron driving-wheels with wrought iron wheels imported for the purpose, which, it is expected will have a vezq beneficial result, both in respect to safety and ultimate cost of repairs. The average number of miles run by each engine during the half-year has been 14,710, and the number of engines 76. The 14 additional engines ordered have been received. The car expenses have amounted -to 12,0481. The repairs, in many instances, have amounted to almost an entire renewal; and as the full efficiency of the whole stock has been carefully attended to, it is now in a very satisfactory state. The charge for the steam ferry at Windsor includes a sum of 2,2671. for new boilers for one of the fer- boats. An arrangement is now being completed by which all the important steamboat interests upon Lake <Ontario will agree to charge a remunerative standard of rates of fare and freight during the coming season; and other measures to prevent the chance of ruinous competition will be adopted. The increase of traffic hasboeen so great that, notwithstanding the increased expenditure for maintenance of way and locomotive sernice, the loss incurred on the steamers, and the fact that revenue has to bear interest or dividend upon additional .cajital to the extent of upNvards of 700,0001., besides laying nude a larger sum than previously to the sinking fund for the redemption of the Government advance, the balance has been sufficient to continue the same rate of dividend, both upon the old and new shares, as was paid six months ago on the old sbares alone. The total expenditure up to the 51st of January last on account of the main uine and Galt branch has amounted to 3,762,254M. currency. During the past six months bonds to the amount of 197,0001. have been converted into shares. The advance from Government novw aniounts to 770,0001. sterling, the bonds for the whole of which have been received and duly disposed of. The suni at the credit of the sinking fund to proNide for the liquidation of this advance is now 37,0211. currency, and will be increased by the proper deduction from revenue of 14,1931. each half-year, as well as the interest aceruin- upon the investments made by the receiver-general. T7he portion of the Galt and Guelph line extending from Galt to Prestonabout four miles-was opened for traffic on the 28th of November last, and has been worked regularlv since that date. The line from Hamilton to Toronto was successfully opened by this company on the 3d of December last, and the traffic upon it has, so far, exceeded expectations. The Iine is nearly completed, hut will require the expenditure of 28.0781. for sidings and stations to accommodate the traffic. The works on the Sarnia line have been recommenred. The report concludes by stating that arrangemnents have been made for increasing the traffic and reducing the expenditure, which it is hoped will produce very cheerig results.
QUACK! QUACK! QUACK! TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI3ES. Sir,-Pray for once listen to an appeal fromu the ducks and drakes of St. James's Park. In consequence of some improvements in progress it has become necessary to let out so much of the ornamental wvaters as to leave the ground perfectly dry between the public paths and the island at the west-end of the enclosure. Taking advant;age of this circumstances, as pilfering young urchins are continually attacking our nests and stealing our very dear duck's eggs with impunity, it is hoped you wil allowv me, through your columns, to call upon certain somlebdies to put our island on the defensive by affording us the protection of one sentinel while we are thus exposed aud at the mercy of wicked and mischievous depre- To satisfy you of the justness of this appeal ib will, perhaps, be enough to state that on an admiring friend of ours passing the island last night at 7 o'clock he observed Xtwoboys sad a girl leavinf it under circumstances which 4ustiied himu inI catching the Tatter and searching her pocket, in which {alas ! for me and my uduc) he discovered two warm h alf-hatched eggs that had just been abstracted from our nest. Now, Sir, if the juvanile portion of the public and others are to be gratified this season as heretofore with the pleasingsight of our ducklings floatting and diving on the St. James's l'ark crnamental wvater, the sooner the hint conveyed int this letter is adopted the better. Had it not been a very comlxmon occurrence for Government officials to "lockthe door after the horse has been stolen" I should have venitured to express much indignant surprise that, somehow or the other, a little official fore. thought had not rendered this appeal to you unnecessary. I am yours. &:c-. THE SENIOR DRAKE. Duck Island, April 5, half-past 5 a.m.
CRYSTAL PALACE.-FiVf t SUTMLL G DAY, Saturday, April 5.-Admissions on paymaent, 237; ditto, by semon tickets, 2,348; total vicitors. 2,585. EAdvertisement.1-" Walker's Dictionary," by NuIttall, in I vol.. frap. Sco, price 2ts. cloth, or free by post for 28 stamps.- Walkdr' gonouncin- Dictionary,"hy Dr. Nutytall, tholththousand. -This comnpletely new edition of "Walker's Dictionary,' of which 16,O0 c ites hase been sold in les- than 12 months, contains upIWards of 2.C0 words that are onmitted in almost aU cheap dictiona. ?ies liside a Enlis Gmmsa, aGuie to the IRoles of Prorntic;at'onthe LawEs orglih rasi ncation-Pronunciation of the more, hnrortan: I,anznages-Frech, German. Dutch. Danish, 2wedish, Italian. SpaishS Portn smen,, Modern Greek. It comprises Cbronolsmc.dTables. Eist ot Cities, BooUghs, and Towns int Eng,130d sad Waeis, writh theis- sosket-dayo. It is in fact, a perfect Tcmuury .'t }knowledge. London, Iicomergo }taedge and Ca., Far-
STITE OF TRADE. MANCHESTER, APRL 5. The improvement noticed on Tuesday has continued througbout the 7weel4 and bujers for all the principal marketsfrom which there is any demand seem to be acquiring confldence. The home trade and shippers to Inda and China have been moderately active dining the week, and some business is also doing for America. Sellers are obtaining rather higher prices than last-week for 36 and 40inch shirtings, and for printers, jacconots, and cambrics. For most of these kinds of cloth thero are considerable contracts in the hands of manufacturers, and buyers find a difficulty in placing newrorders without giving an increase of price for which they are not prepared. Domestics have. mproved a little, with other fabrics, hut the lower qualities of Iongcloths and T-cloths are not much in request, and, like the yarns of which they are made, have siared but little in the advance, which is otherfise pretty general. Double yarns and the fner counts of single, such as enter into the manufactire of cloths which are described above asmainly taking the demand, are ingood request, and spinners are asking Ad. to {d. per lb above the rates of last week. The improvement m prices, however, is chiefly confined to twist taken by home manufacturers. Exporters, except to India, are cautious about giving any advance, and especially the Germans. There is an improvement in the linen trade of Manchester also. Mlessrs. Richardson, Tee, and Co., in their monthly report remnark :-" The improved demand noted in our last circular continues, and being in excess of supply has cleared off stocks of most kiads of linens; the yanm-market is affected by it and by orders from the continent of Europe, and the Leeds spinners are asking an advance on the middle and finer oounts of lines, while coarse Dundee sorts are cheaper; these circumstances tend to verify our previously expressed opinion, that the price of the better classes of goods would be enhanced by the Prospect of peace, and that coarse kinds would decline. Brown Scotch goods have fallen 7A to 10 per cent., but the white kinds are scarce, and the Drice of them is maintained; further reductions will depend mainly on the quantity of flax sent forward after the opening of the Baltic." BIRMSINGHAM, APRILr5. The anticipations in which we indulged last week have been to a certain exctent fulfilled. The determination of the trade to abide bylast quarter's quotations has led to a considerable influx of orders-more particularly for barsand, according to all accounts, there is little probability that existing rates will be subjected to any alteration, if even to any discussion, at the approaching quarterly meeting. ThelLiverpool houses, who are among the best customers of the South Staffordshire ironmasters, have during the week ordered pretty freely for the North American market, and there appears to be little doubt, now, the dispute between the Government of this country and that of the United States is said to be all but arranged, that commissions for the purchase of South Staffordshire iron will speedily flow into the district. Altogether the trade is firmer than it was reported to be at the preliminary meeting held last week, and there is every reason to believe that the meetings of next week will exhibit similar steadiness, if not further indications of improved prospects. The falling off which must necessarily taLe place in tho demand for iron required for war purposes does not appear to cause the least apprehension among the ironmasters, as they calculate, not unreasonably, that the requirements for the north of Europe, as well as for America, will more than counter-balance any deficiency - which may arise from the establishment of peace. There are only a few manufacturers in the district who have profited in any material degree by the exigencies of the war, while, on the other hand, the iron trade generally has suffered very considerably by the suspension of large continental demands. An authority upon the iron trade, -writing this morning, says,-" Orders for rails and merchant iron begin to arrive more freely. There are no large stocks of pigs either in England, Wales, or Scotland, so that the price of pigs is i not likely to give way. Good hot-blast mine pigs are realizing from 41. 10s. to 41. 15s. per ton, and holders will not give way. except in cases of eraergency, when cash is in great reqnet to meet immediate calls. A large quantity of ore is being imported into the district, but it does not affect the price of home produce. WVhite stone, gubbin, and other ores realize from 18s. to 20s. per ton, according to quality, and there is an increasing demand." In our last week's notice of the iron trade we stated that the mineral property at Stirchley, in Shropshire, together with the furnaces erected thereon, and the Old Park Iron Works, had passed from the Messrs. Botfield into the hands of a firm likely to compete successfully with the best makers of the district. It is suggested that this statement, in justice to Mr. B. Botfield, formerly MW.P. for Ludlow, requires some explanation. The property referred to was held by Messrs. Botfield under certain leases which expired at Lady-day last; but Mr. B. Botfield, now the only surviving partner, at the present time holds as owner in fee a considerable mineral estate adjoining to the leasehold property which he has just given up, and on which (his owvn freehold) are four blast furnaces and large iron works. It is, we are informed, the intention of that gentleman to carry on these works, and not, as some persons may have imagined, to abandon altogether a trade in which for so many years he and his family have had so large an interest. The coal trade continues comparatively slack, owing to the fallng off in domestic consumption; but the increasing demands for the furnaces and forges of the district keep the principal collieries in fair employ. Prices are on the decline. The American and West India orders for Birmingham goods received during the week have not been extensive; but, so far as promises are to be relied upon, the prospects of a good summer are encouraging, if not cheering. The principal call for the West idia market has been for implements and tools requiredin the sugar manufacture. Somo of our edged tool makers and coppersmiths are also well employed in the getting up of orders for the plantations; and as the season advances these demands will greatlv increase. Among articles of Birmingham make which it the present moment are in request for the North American colonies are heavy steel toys, upon which several establishments in Birmingham are now busily engaged. Notwithstanding the advance in the price of tin which has just taken place, the manufacture of wares of this materia continues active. The rise, as a matter of course, is not confined to this neighbourhood, although its effect wiUl be more particularly felt here and at Wolverhampton than in other towns of the kingdo". The advance is upon refined 3s., and upon common blocks Is. per owt. The larger advance, it is stated, is attributable to the demand for tinplates, now much used in this town in the manufacture of those superior articles of tin wares which obtained celebrity in the Paris Exhibition, and which to a considerable extent promise to supersede plated articles for domestic use. Our irat establishments in this branch are well employed. There is no material alteration to report with regard to the general manufactures of the town. Taken altogether, they are much better than they were 12 months ago, in the middle of the war. The re-establishment of peace, notwithstanding the interest which a large portion of the Birmingham manufacturers and artisans have in the manufacture of the implements of war, induces hopes of renewed prosperity; and the certainty that for the future the military and naval, but more especially the ordnance establishments of the colmtry will for the future be maintained in a state of perfect efficiency renders our gan, military accoutrement makers, lic., indifferent to the conclusion of hostilities. With regard to the latter branches of manufacture, it may be stated that, althoughwe have heard thatin the neighbourhood Government orders for shot and shell have been sus- pended, those for muskets continue in full operation. The I supply for the Indian army will, it is understood, give the] Tower men of this town considerable employment for a long I time to come, in spite of the projected Enfield manufactory. GLOCESTEB, ARn. 5. The announcement of peace has been received here with the greatest joy, for perhaps there is no place in England thac has suffered more in hertrade and commerce than the port of Glocester. The shipping trade of this port (except a nolvery extensive coasting and inland connexion) is carried on almost entirely with those foreign ports which have been blockaded by our fleets. Our princiDal imports are of corn and timber from those ports, and these having been suddenly stopped by the war has seriously, though we may now hope onlytemporarily, injured the trade here. The decks and shipping canal, which a few months before the declaration of war were crowded with shipping, have for the last two years been graduallvbecoming more and more empty, nntil at last the spectacle became melancholy. The prospects of returning peace have latterly incited to a little movement in the way of preparation, and now that a restoration of peace is certain everybody is looking forward to a continuance of that increasing prosperity which prevailed just before the commencement of the war. Te following shows the falling off of the imports of foreign w heat alone into Glocester, through a comparison of the last three years ending December 31:- - Inports into Gleceeer in l83 .. .. .. 246,860 quarters. I854 .. .. .. 197,350 1,55 - .. .. .. 78,6i The importations of timber have also fallen off, though not quite m a corresponding ratio, and these have necessarily thrown a great many men out of employ, and the influence of the want of trade has been felt in anl ranks. The only bit of trade brought to Glocester by the war was the contracts obtained for the construction of wooden houses for the Crimea, but these were but fleeting marks of prosperity. LEEDS, Anrni 5. The business in the cloth-halls to-day has been quiet, and, though a steady business was done, there was no alteration requiring notice. The businiess during the week bas been of a similar character, the demand being chiefly for light-coloured mixtures. The news of the pacific termjination of the Paris Conference, though it has formed the chief subject of discussion in the markets and among merchants, has not afiected the markets to any extent beyond creating more general confidence. Indeed, the restoration of peace, though it will no doubt result ultimately in a general improvement of all departments of trade, does not promise to be succeeded immediately by very encouraging prospeets. Hitherto the woollen trade has sustained a degree of buoyancy much higher than the most sanguine would have been justified in anticipating at the commencement of the war, and nothing could have shown more satisfactorily how slightly the war has operated upon the great textile manufactures of the West Riding clothing districts. There is no doubt that the extensive Government orders given out to meet the increased wants of the army during a time of war have contributed to give a briskness to the woollen trade, especially in the inferior quauities Iof cloths, which would not otherwise have characterized it; but at the same tinie there have been counteracting causes of a serious nature. The price of the raw material has been gradually advancing, while the value of all articles of agricultural produce has ranged unusually high, and the moneymark;ett though by no means restricted, has become more and more tight. Taking the whole of the causes into consideration, we may fairly conclude that the demand caused by the war has been more than counterbalanced by the counteractg causes, which may be traced to have sprung from the same circumstance, and the soundness of the trade must therefore he explained upon other grounds than the simple excess of Government orders. These will easily be found 'whenwe consider the revenue returns justpublished, because we shall then find that the war has only affected in an indirect manner our export trade, save to Russia. The usual outlets of trade have bewn kept open, while the general condition of the people has maintained the home market- in at least a satixfactory position. Nowr, however, that the war has terminatedi there appears to be a sort of reactionary depressin ' in the woollen trade, and the immediate future is not looked forward to with that hopefulness which we could desire. The.primary cause of Ithis is unquestionably the high price of wool. Up to the present this has not been so much felt; but now that the Iold Etocks are worked up there is experienced great diffi- culty in producing marketable goods at a remunerative profit- and the consequence is a limitation of production. This, however, has not yet proceeded to any serious extent; and we learn that so.ne of the principal manufacturers are likely to be engaged for some tine on orders already in band. The merchants are not doing much, but the stocks are generally low, and the American trade is said to be promising. There will also probably be an improvement in the Australian trade; and, though there is not a very sanguine feeling, we cannot but think that the restoration of peace w,ill reopen markets which have been closed, and facilitate exports to markets already open to an extent which must be felt immediately. At least the flax trade must receive immediate advantage; for, though it maybe a work of some little time to restore the import trade in flax from Russia, we shall have on the ratification of peace extensive shipments to this country, which will have the effect, we may reasonably anticip'.te, of lowering he price of fax in the raw state. In the iron trade of the district a somewhat similar feelIng prevails to that which we have described to pervade the woollen trade. Many of the principal firms, both engine and machine makers, havo been pretty well employed on ordnance contracts, and it is feared that the suspension of this trade may not be succeeded at once by a corresponding increase in the demand for ordinary consumption. We do not anticipate, however, that there will be anything like a prolonged slackness in these departments of trade, for Russia has always imported largely of our manufactured iron goods, while the removal of the prohibitions incident to a state of war will give scope for expansion. * There is no alteration to quote in the Halifax market todlay, and wool is reported as unabated in price. NOTTIRHA34 Arnia 5. In the hosiery departments of business there is an improved trade doing this week both for the home supply and for shipping. The last steamer from the United States brought several buyers and some orders. Tho faU trade is now fairly set in, and the only obstacle to its being a very large one is the continued advances mak;ing in the price of yarns. Cotton has further advanced this week Gd. per budle. These advances have been so rapid that they are yet only partially in operation. When they come to be placed entirely npon the price of goods it is feared the effect vill be to diminish the demand. The incireased wages demanded last week by the drawer hands-have been generally conceded. There now is plenty of employment for aU departments of the framework-knitting business, and in many o+f them a great scarcity of good hands. Very fewr lace buyers have bean here since ourlast report, baut, this being the great show week-, nearly all of them have bcen detained at home. A dvices from many of them speak favourably as tothe extent of business doing. In Londonit it is said to have been one of the busiest weeks know. The peace, which at the time our last report was writteu appeared imminent, and is now being realized, has had the efect of stimulating al branches of business, and a fear is expressed that we may be going too fast. The great advance of raw material and high rate of discounts, however, will no doubt check this. LD, ICESTER, ArR 5. There has not been much done this week in the homemarket, which continues on the whole dulL There has been a little doing for the American fall trade, but not to any extent. The change in the weather. and the peace negotiations will operate favourably, and our manufacturers are anticipating a more active demand. The greatest drawback is the high price of the raw material, hosiers finding it impossible to produce goods at fair remunerating prices. The wool-market is quiet; holders ask extremo rates, which spinners appear indisposed to give, being supplied for present use. NORWICH, ApRmi 5. The manufacturing trade here is in an improving condition, and employment is more plentiful than it has been for some time past. It is difficult, indeed, to obtain good handloom weavers, as the low wages paid in previous years have led a large proportion of the working classes to apply their industry to more profitable puTsuits. The conclusion of peace wiU probably give a further stimulus to business. The view presented by the official retarns of the amount expended in the relief of the poor is exceedingly satisfactory. At the commencement of the quarter there were 310 persons in the workhouse; now there are only 268 in that establishment. The amount expended in out-door relief in the four weeks ending Saturday last was 1,0721. Ss. 9d., being a decrease, as compared with the corresponding period of last year, of 2071. 12s. 10&d. A similar return of the amount expended for non-settled poor also shows a decrease of 25 per cent. as compared with last year. Under these cheering circumstances the poor-rates for the ensuing quarter wil present a decrease of 23&5 per cent. as compared with last year. DUBLIN, AuRim 5. This has been another very dull business week. Trade continues without any animation; but it is to be hoped, now that tranquility has been happily restored, that a gradual improvement will shortly be experienced, and that trade will recover some share of that elasticity and vigour of which the war deprived it. The corn-markets have not been so much affected by the certainty of peace as they had been a few weeks back by its prospect; but the amount of business in them is very limited, though recent prices have receded but very slightly, and they continue dull throughout the country. rrovisions rule very high, and, as regards bacon, butter, eggs, &c., are rather scarce. Bacon, indeed, is very much so;* and from the high price of pigs there is no prospect that it will be lower this season. Thereh are, it is true,-large quantities advised from the United States, but not to au extent sufficient to make up for te a deficiency at home, There was a large market at Smithfield on Thursday, ancd a considerable decline in the price of cattle failed to impact to it an active tone. There was no change in the price of proviions. The Custons' receipts for the week, to Thursday inclusive, were 17,7581., against 16,4691. last week. The following is an abstract of duties received at the port of Dublin for the week endina the 29th of March:- There has not been much business transactedon the StockESxchange this week. The effects of peace had been almost fully anticipated before the treaty had been agreed upon, and the consequence was that the funds experienced but a very slight improvement. The impression is that at 93 they are at their fuRll value, as matters stand at present; and there appears accordingly no great disposition to invest in them; nor do they afford any encouragement for speculation. The same remarks apply with almost equal force to shares, which have aU along maintained a healthy tone, and jusly enjoyed the public confidence. Bank shares in particulararein this POsition; so much sothat the unprecedented disaster of the Tipperary Bank has had no unfavourablo effect-net even a tempcorary one-upon any of the respectable and well-managed banks in this country. BELFAST, ArRIL 4. Linen.-The demand for linens gradualy improves, and the market is in a very healthy state, with good prospect of better trade. The supply of brown linens to the country markets held during the week was small, owing to the holydays, and prices were well supported. In white linens there has also been a fair trade. After such a long depression in this staple manufacture of the north of Ireland, there are now many indications of a speedy revival; -which have been strengthened by the restoration of peace. Under these circumstances a sufficient supply of the raw material, combined with an increase in the number of power looms, becomes a question of serious importance to this neighbourllood. Linen Yarn.-The demand has been languid at late rates, as is usual at this period of the year. Flax.-There is nothing new to report this week with regard to flax. The demand still continues good for medium and prime of both hand and mill-scutched. Coarse in some instances is a little easier bought. In Cootehill, Ballibay, Blonaghan, and Aughnacloy about 30 tons only appeared. which sold freely, at 5s. to 8s. for hand-scutched, and 7s. 6d. to 12s. 6d. for milled. In Armagh, Cookstown, Tandragee, and Rathfriland, about 38 tons of milled appeared, at 7s. 6d. to 12s. 6d. per stone of 16}1b. In foreign flax there has been little passing. Cotton.-In the cotton trade there are greater sigus of animation. Orders for gray goods have been more liberal, and the manufacturing houses-those of Belfast and tho representatives of Glasgow firms-are pretty well engaged on contract. The past month,, as a whole, was a dull one. American sales had been sadiy interfered with by the severity of the winter, and, as that section of customers in a great measure ruled the markets here, the lull so created hiad a serious offect on local operations. During the autumn and winter we had only a very moderate demand in the home trade, and in fancy goods especially the London market did very little for the Ulster manufacturers. It will be seen, then, thatthe partial quiet in business beyond the Atlantic fell w;ith greater effect on our pele here because of the inaction of hore demand. In the sale of finished goods some advance has taken place in ton. Gry fabrics hold a better place in the market, and altogether the aspect of affairs is more satisfactory.
CORY FOB GBEECE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIUES. Sir,-In the House of Commons, last night, Lord Palmerston, in replying to Mr. Ewart's question, pretended not to know whether the Greek Government has removed or not the duty of 5 per cent., which was once contemplsted to be imposed on the corn coming from the Danube to be natural*ed in Greece. I beg respectfully to state, through your valuable paper, for the information of his Lordshijp and of the public, that the law passed by the present Ministry in Greece for imposing the above duty has been immediately annulled and never put in force, and my statement is verified by the fact that neither the agents of our house nor any other merchant who naturalized Danibian corn in any port of Greece, has been made to pay anything more than the regular transit duty of 1 per cent. I may further state that, by the last accounts from Constantinople, we are informed that the Greek consulate there has notified to the Greek vessels in port, from the Danube, that they are no longer bound to go to Greece to have their cargoes naturalized, but that they may proceed directly to their destination. I remain, Sir. vour obedient servant. X. Manchester, April 4. [AdverEisement.]-"I Eastern Hospitals and English Nurses: the Narrative of Twelve Months' Experience in the HoapitFs of ozilali and Scutari," bya Lady Volunteer. in 2 Tols., 21s bolnd. Tho above work is published this day by Mevrs. Hurst and Blackett, and may behad of sallboocsellers throughout the kingdom.L Also, just published, " Journal of Adventures with the British ArmV, from the Commencem3ent of the War to the Fall of Sebastopol1" by George Cavesadish Taylor. Iate Mth Regiment. 2 Tols., 21s. '5r. Taylo's Joirnna has the merit of l'ng by one who participated in nearly the wholeseries of e-vents. It is valuable for its genuinenes and for tho extent Q expetence embraed in it."-Examncr.
- HE CORN TRADE. LrV.ERPOOL. -Atrm - Tills week's account of sales of Biitish wheat, as per " Gazette.' foe thb weekeudngthe 29hulL ~I.are O8,S0Dlquarters, st 63t.10d. perqusrter; cozrflpoadlng weelr, I85, 100.'301 iuaartets at MS. 7d, per quarer; ditto. 1854 36,11 qunrterg~ at 7Sa. per quarter. The returns of saei; of British wheat, as publishbed inathe "1Gazette," ameunderstood to repre.- sEent me-relY ass approximation, bat which maxkes one period equal to another for the purpoee of comparison. We presenit 14 weeks of deliveries endini with December, and 14 weeks beginnig with the succeeding January, for the six-named seasons, with the average Price of the periods-nmaely -Ending December, 1845 1,886,04, at SIs. 84 per quarte r ; ditto April, 1886, 1,460,020. at 55e. per cinarter ; ditto Deceber, 1848, 1,953,216. at 534.- 3d. -loic quarter; ditto April, 1847, 1,618,427, at 70,- 60. per: quarter ; ditto December. 1847, 1,527,121, at 515. fid. per quarter; ditto April, 1848 1,303,850, at 5Is. 74 per quarter ; ditto December, 1853,1,113,689% at 69e. 3d. per quarter; dittoI April, 1854. 878,9,20, at 79s. -3d. per quartter-; ditto, Deceber', 1884 1,761.789, at 65s. Sd. per quarter ; ditto, -April, 185, 1,255,963, at 7s5 ditto, December,~ 85,1,82,288, at 79%, Gd per quarter': ditt, Ari,! 185, 3,294,27atls. lidl, per quarter. The grain trade has been marked with more steadiness since the announcement of the peaco treaty. Przices, however, have scarcely varied in the interim from Tuesday. The weater has become genial, with refreshing showers, The cornmarket yesterday had a fair attendance of millers and dealers, but there was a diasineliution to buy wheat and flour at any higher term5 than were practicable on last mark-et-day. The business transactions were maoderte in extent. Quotations -for all articles of the trade remain pretty much the sense as quoted oni Tuesday Last, excepting Indian corn, which was Gd. per quarter lower, and net in so mnch favour. No change to note inthe trade to-day. ifOl'INGqfHAIM Aur~am & Havinghad afew showers during the past week, and ratherw'armer weather generally, with fewver frosty nights, vegetation is now malcin some progress. We have had a very fine timesforget ting in spring corn. We had a large supply of whleat at our mark-et to-day. The sellers begank by asking higher primas, which they could not obtain, and the millers bought for their immediate wants quite as low as last. week. There was but little barley showing; it made Is. per quarter more money. Oats and beansimaiatainid their value. Thxe present prices of grain and flour in kottinglsssn are as followsWheat, white, old, 884. to S3s. per 36 atone ; new, 76s, to 82s. ; red, old, 7Oe, to 784. ; new, L6s. to 784. ; barley, 40s, to 4Os, per quarter;, old, for grlndiag, 36s. to ITs. ; nats, 284. to 338. per 24 stone ; beans, old, SOs. to 54s. per SS stone; newv, 40s. to 5sa. ; flour, super, 534. to 60s. per 20 stone ; fine, 484. to 52s. LEICESTEI, Ams=i 5. We have this week- bad some fine open weathes-. The past month being very dry, toe cold winds have not done any very serious injury to the young wheait, whilch, should the present genial weather continue, wil speedily impuive. 1'astssages are also looking better than they did a week ago. Stock .sold at.our cattle-mark-et for rather lees money,the demand being dull. Sheep wvere a heavy sale without alteration in price. Beef, Md. to Id. per lb., mutton, 7d4 to 7ld. At our corn-mark-et this morning there were a fair show of wheat and ain average attendlance of farmers and millers, Wheat was a dull sale at the quotations of last week. Barley wvas in good inquiry, at the extreme rates of last week. Ina oats thiere wan no alteration. In beans there wvas an advance of Is. per quarter over last week's currencies, White wheat, 73s. to 75s. ; red, 784, to 72s.; barley, 35s. to 453.: oats, 26s. to 3ls. ;beans, 429s, toMSS. per quarter. Fine flour, 56s.; secnds, 5SOs,; thirds, 52s. per 20 atone. DERBY, APam 5. There hiave been some line refreshng showers since our last report. The frost up to Sunday wvas very seves-e ; since then, however, we have hadsa delightful change, which eill gre-atiy improve the happemrace of the young wvheat, which in miany districte was looking thin. Grass lands are also looking much better. Fat stock- remains at unaltered rices, At our market, with a goa)d supplylf beasts, beef realized i Gd. to 6ld. per lb. SheeP were net so numerous as usual, mutton sell- ng at 7d. to 7Ad. per lb. At our cern-markeot yesterday the supply of wheat was plentiful, and the attendance of farmers numerous. The wheat trade ruled dull, in consequence of farmners being unwilling to dispose of their samples for less than the full prices of last week, which millers very reluctantly submitted to. In barioe-there wa5 a toerlsrsle inquiry, and a fair quantity of grainkon offer at the full quotations of last week. In oats there was no alteration. Beans maintained last- week`s pricesWhite wheat, 784. to 784, ; niew red, 7239. to 74s. ; old red, 73s. to l5s. per quarter; maltbisg barley, die, to 455. per imperial measure; grinding Iarley. 3ITs.-to 384. per 30 atone; old oats, 12e, to l3e.; new, 278. to 29s. per 24 stone; old besns, 52s. to 53s. ;now, 42s. to 443. per 35 stone; foart f2e, to 5SIt; ditto, super, 5lb. to %Os per 20 stone. At Worksop there was a good show of -wheat, and farmsers succeeded in obtaining an advance of Gd to Is. per load of three bushels upon hat week's, rates. Barley maintainedilast week's prices, and in other sorts of grain there was no alteration. Wheat, 27s. to 284. per load; barley, 41s. to 45s. per quarter- LINCOLN, AMicr 5. The weather thise week- has been seasonable, and the refreshing rain has tmproved veg-etation generally. In some districts the young wheat is looking unhealthy, bat with mild and openi weather nothing serious mnay be apprelsendled. Fat stock has this week, rather advanced in price. At Stamford fair fat beasts wyere a small show, and reached 7s. 6d. to 84. per stone ; fat shieep sold at 6W1. to Ijd, per lb. At Peterborough there was a fair supply of both beasts and sheep ; beet Is. Gd. per stone ; mutton, Old. per lb. At Granthams there was a large show of sheep; theasupply of beastsewas hardiy an average; becf. 7s. fx. to 84. per stone ; muitton, Gd. to Old. per lb. At our owvn mark-et beef cold at last previous rates ; mautton Bwa the turn dearer ; beef, 7s. 64. to Ss. per stone ; mutton, 6d4 to 71d. per lb. At our cern-market yesterday there was a fair quantity of wheat on offer, and a good attendance of farmers and merchants. The best smnples of wheat realized fully the quotations of last week; inferior sortswero is. per quartercheaper. Goodbsrleywas scarce, and1Is. per quarterdearer thanlast weekt. Oats maintained late prices. Inabeans there was no alteration. WVhito wheat, 784. to 78s. ; red, 60s. to 7fs.;, grinding barley, 6s., to 40s. ; malting- barley, 42s. to 45s. ; oats, 2sb. to 32s. ; bean, 42s. to 54s. per quarter DONOASTER , -APn 5. We have had a most, agreeable and beneficial change in the weather since last Saturday, the wind having veered round from the east, where it had ro long sat previously, to the south-west. There has been. a marked imprevement in the temperature, the thermometer hLaving frequently stood at 60 degrees (Fahrenheit);: and we have also had some extremely welcome and refreshing showers The change already made in the face of the country is chest remarkable; vegetation is springing rapidiy in alldirections ; the trees and hedgeroews are putting out their young leaLves ; pasture fields and amable landa look verdant and healthy ; and the young wheats are revcvring their late blooma, except where the root has gone away altogether. Owing to this latter cause the creps in some of the thinner limestone soils will undolnbtediy be light ; buit, generally speaking, therejs quits an average quantity of wheat plant in thinsdistrict for the season. The sowing of spring corn is drawing to a close, the operationx having been completed in a very satisfactory manner. Winter beans are showing above ground' andlook- strong and healthy. Upon the whole, the prospecte of our farmers for the ensuing sumumer and autumn are good. At our market this morning there was a mnoderate show of wheat, though there was a falling off as compared with the suppies lately brought forward. The conclusion of peace and the apprehensions entertained of a fall in Prices consequent thereoni deterredI our farmners from making extensive deliveries of fresh wheat, the prevalent conviction among them being that their stocks wil be worth fully the present and perhaps higher prices from this to harvest time. We had a rathier large attendance of buyers, who were ready to purchase to a considerable extent at reduced intro, but holders evinced no wiLligness to make concessions. Thxe trade wag somewhat interrupted by- the holdintg of the stock, fair, which k-ept farmers running in and out of the mrk,et, but bust' ness was generally flat, and holders succeeded in preventing any def cline upon last week's rates, except for a few choice samples of white wheat, which made 6d. per leadl (Is. Sd, Per quarter) more money. The highest pricoe touchied was I2a per load (SOs. 44. per quarter). The barley stands showed a marked mearcity of samples; and, if we are to believe the farmers, there is very little maore to come, notwitlbotanding that we areat least amonth from the end of the malttng sea-son. The quality was good, the preportion of superler samples to the coarser sorts being larger than we have found it for some time past. Several lets were disposed of at the highest of our quotations-45s. Prices were abouXt IS. per quarter higher. The quanLtity of Oats and beanLs on offer was also much below what it has been lately, the demand for seed ha-ving now been pretty wvell supplied. Good samples of both kinds of grain were, however, in active request; beans comamanded fully last week-'s rates, and fine dry oats were 6d. per toad (is. 4d. per quarter)' dearer. Grass seeds were fully as dear as last week. Linseed cake rather on the derline. The following are our quotations to-day c-New wheat. 25s. to 284. per load of three imperial bushels; fine, 29s. to IS2.; old wrheat, 264. to 284. ; fine, 293. to 12s.; blenidcomn, 23s. to 26s. ; rye, 1Ie, to 18s.,; new beans, 16s. to i7s.; fine, 184. to 19s. Gd. ; old beans, 19s. to 20s. ; fine, 2s. ; -gray pea;6 17s, to 18s. ; white, 1Ts, to 184, ; new oats, 2Os. to 284. per quarter; fine, 295. to 321s.; old oats, 26s. to SOs.; fine, 3Ds. to 3Is. ; grinding barley, I7s, to 40s. ; malting bar.. ley, S1s. to 42s. -3 fine, 44s. to 45s. The inspector's official returns or the week, ending Saturday last show a falling off in the supply of al1 kinds of grain, compared with the previous week Of wheat there were only 85 quarters 3 bushels, at 716. ild., which sold for 3,072 2s. 44. ; 215 quarters of barley, at 42g, 0., 45 Ida. 6d. ; otat 27s. per quarter ; rye, 4ls. ;beasuss46s. Ild. ; peas, 49.O d. GLOCESTER, Apma 5. A goad soaking rain on Thursday has dunesa great deal of good, not only in the gardens, which were parchiug for want of moisture, but the corn crepe have been greatly benefited by it. To-day we have a very roughx sout-heriy wind, and the old proverb about. March " coming in like alien andgoing out like alamb" assbeen reversed this year. Oar receipts of foreign grain. into Glocester this week have been 2,500 kilograussno3 of wheat froma Salonique, 894 quarters of oats from Groningen, and 375 hectolitres of vetches from Marans. The declaraionL of p.eace has not had aso great an effect upon our market as some had anticipated, and our quotations will be seen to be very little lower than last week. English white wheat, 70s. ; and red, GO s. to G9s. per quarter; Choice Danube, 74s. to 78s. per 45mlb. ; Brallow, SOs to 72e. ; Spanish, O7s. to lOs.; and,- Ancona, lie, to 72s. per ISOIb. English malting barley, 36s. to I8s, per quarter, and grinding, Mi. to l6s. ; English beans, 42s. to 4Is. for old, and 453. to 41s.. per quarter for new ; Egy-ptian, 538. to SOs. ; Irish oats. 243.; tawny, 23s 6d., and black, 238. per 3121bt.; peas, 5Os. to 53s. per quarter. The neighbouring mark-ets have beeni somewhat affected by the news of the establishment of peace, and the consequent early expctation of the receipt of Russian grain; but the farmers maintain that the quantitY of grain in hand is less than tho averago at this period, and not .sufficientforthe homeconsumptiori until nextharvest. Theytherefore are very reluctant to yield,andthe decline has not been mush above Is. per quarter. This was the case at Cheltenham on Thursday. At Tewkesbury market on Wednesday the attendance of farmerss small and samples scarce. Currencies were:-For old English wheat fs. to Os. 3d. per bushel; new, Ss. 6d. to Os.; malting barley. 4s. to 4s. 6Gd, and grinding qualities, 4s. to is. 3d. per bushel; English oats, S. 4fL to 4s., and Irish, 3s. to 3s. 6d. ; English beans, 5s. to 5s. 04, *and foreign, 4s, 9d1 to 5s. ; peas, Bs- to Ss. 3d. per bushel. WORCESTER, Annz 5. There was not a very large attendance at our market to-day, and prices3 were lower than tast week. English white wheat, 9s, to 9s. 44 per 621b. for new, and 9s. 2d. to s.O 6d. for old; new red, Ss. 6d. to 9s., and old, 8s. 10d. to 9s. 2dL bMatting barley, 4s. 90. t.o Is. per 491b., and distiling, 4s. 4d. to is. 6d. new English beaus, 53.64 to Os., and old, 6s. to 6s. 3d. per busheL - English oats, 4sg to 4s. 6d. per 39lb., and Irish, 3. 6d to 4s.; white pea, 6s. to Os. 24, and gray. 53.64 to 6O per bushel. Last Worcester aTerages:-Wheat, 3 9s. 9ld. per quarter; and barley, 1 I6s. 90. per quarter. The neighbouring markets have well kept up prices. COLCHESTER, Ar.m E. Business has been more active and the tur higher at most of the markets of the district thisweek. At our market to-day the millera took off the samples more freely, andgoodqualities of wheat realized Is. to ls. d. perquartermore. The best barley v.as also rather dearer. White wheat, 76s. to 81s.; red, 64sto 713; best malting barley, 433. . Yesterday, at Chelmsford, there was a good trade doing in wheat at au adance of Is., and there was also the same improvement in malts ing barley. White wheat, 5Ss. to 77s.; red, SOs. to 71s.; barley, 30d. to 3&s.; chevalier, i3e. to 42s.,; gddinsg, 28s. to 36l,; malt, 7ts. t7t 77; oats wero rather cheaper, but white peas wereinquired after, and taken at an advance, boiling fetching 4L1 to 484 In the neighbouring districts of Suefolk the later markets have shown the lieimnProvement. On Thursday, t udh, the wheat trndwxas brier and better, though the quotatious Wlreonot idraii6d ;anl at 1iahop Stortford, Hect, biarley was tsalen off readily and wheat was rather-dearer. -NOrWICEH ArIL 5. Tho weather bas inMwroved during the week, the wind having veered round from the north-east to the south; but the continued absence of rain is begimning to be felt secerely. hc farmers at the local markets have tried 13ard to obtain an advance u wheat, but at King's Lynn, on Tuesday, the millersrefused to makeanyadanceonformerrates, and in manyinstancesthese were hardly maintained. At Great Yarmouth, on Wednesday, the teade remained without alteration; but at Bnry St. Edminds there was an advance of Is. per quarter. At Bugay, on Thursday, last weeks rates vere supported, and the same report may be mnade generally of tho Suffolk ma-kets. The deliveries of barley continued to fall off, and at Kings Lynn the samples brought forward made extreme rates. At Great Yarmouth fine malting quaUtiesmet a ready sale, and at Bury ft. dmund's the emall supply made Is. per quarter more money. At Bungay therewvas no quotable Tariation in prices. Oats,.beans, andpeas remainwiithout change. Tlere was a numerous attendance here to-day, and a large Eupply of wheat wasbrought forward, last week's rates being generally maintained. Barley w-as in fair supply for the time of y.ar, and former quotations were supported, In other grain little doing. It is curious, on the lvhole, to observe the little effect the inteligence of the concl Lion of peace has produced. The prices of inferior descriptions are irregular, but the following are tho generalrates of wheat audbarley:-Wheat, white tweighing 621b. to 631b., 70Ts to 76s.; ditto, red (weighing 601h. to 631ib), 6Sa. to 70s. ; barley, maltiog (weighing 521b. to S31b.). 338. to 42s.; ditto, distilling (weighing 50bt. to iibih, s. to 3Sa, per quar er. At the lat auction at the new mill in this clty lour went offat 46s, to 46s. 31dper sack. latest Averages:-Wheat, 1,756k quartecs, 6is. lid. (against M,485k quarters, 6s. 6d., correspondingperiod last year); barley. 2,G63} quarters 39s 7d. (against 2,961j quarters, 29s. 7d. corresponding Pe-iod last year). READING, AitTa 5. The genial showers which have marked the opening of this month have bad a most beneficial effect on the wheat plant. In some places. 'Where it had the appearance of being destroyed by the frost and cold easterly wind, it has revived, and is now looking tolerably healthy. In the Exchange this morning the wheat stands were again well filed, and there was a fair proportion of good quaUty. As noticed in Our last repdrb, the farmers were prepared for a settlement of the war; therefore, the market to-day did not experience any depressing effect from the peace news; on the contrary, it assumed a remarkably firm tone, to the surPrise of motpeople; but that a change will occur after the exchange of tho ratifications there is little reason for donbtisg.The price at which wheat has for several weeks been seling has been too high to induce miles to speculate, the flour-market being in such a dull state as to prevent their obtaining an adequate return for outlay of capital, and, as the stocks in the mills are now greatly reduced, the farmers aro aware that the mealmen must buy, and therefore it is they are in a position almost to enforce their own terms. To this was attributable in a great degree the firmness of the market immediately upon its opening this morning. The inquiry for good dry quaUties of wheat was brisk and an advance of several shillings per quarter was in the first place asked by seulr. As may be expected, this for a timue led to a dull state of trade, bat subsequently smies were effected at Is. to 2s, per quarter above therates which prevailed a week ago. Even this rise could not be maintained throughout, for towards the close there was lesw animation in the mart k-et and the advance did not exceed is. per quarter. A good lot o wheat wasremoveduold. We mustquote whitewheatasseUingaf 70a to 8s., and some fine dry lots at 84s. to SSs and SSs.; red vheat fine, 76s. to 30s.; ditto, moiddling qualities, 683. to S7s. per quarter. Malting barley is now getting a very scarce article, and there was but little on offer. Other sorts were in better supply. but stil it was not the average of previous markets. There ras au improved demand both for malting and grinding samples, consequently an adrauce of is . per quarter was readily obtained. We noticed a vesy quiet trade for distiling quaUties, which may also be said to have Partaken of the improved pride. The rates were-Malting barley, 40s. to 42s and 43s. distiling, 37s. to 3fs. and 39a; grinding, 32, to 35s. and 36s. per quarter. Oats were more than usually plentiful, but the quality of the chief proportion was very indifferent. Good sound oats commanded the fuU terms of hat week; but the inferior sorts could only be sold at a reduction of about Is. per quarter. Fine Tartary oats sold at l9s. to 25e,; and Poland, from 23s. to 30s. per quarter. There was a fine show of beans, but the high rates were an effectual check to transactions on an extensive scale ; therefore it was that business was confined to supplying immediate wants. Old beans (English) must be quoted at 46s. to 52s. and 53ss.; nev ditto, 40s to 463 There is a demand for Egyptian beans, and the prices were for whole 34s. to 3Gs.; splt, 26s. to 26s. The stands were tolerably welU suppUed with peas, though there were -erY few samples of the white description. Trade mast be called quiet, and the prices unaltered. White boilers sold at 42s. to 46s. and 49s; maple, 43s.; hog peas, 38;. to 44s.; g_ay ditto, 3Is. to 42s. In grass seeds businem was a little brisk-er, and prices are stiUl high. The price of taresis 7s. 6d to Ss. 6d. perbushel, The usual return from the Office of Inland Revenue shows a tolerably xegular supply of wheat and the prices to be good. Last week-there wer 1,326 quarters 7bushels Eold for 4,97i8s.7d,  r an average of 74s. Ild., being a decline of Is. Id. per quarter from the pricoof the formermarket. Of barley there were 630 quarters sold for 1,153 l9s. 3d., being an average of 3ia. lld. per quarter, or a declineof 2.2d. onthe week. The change in the coc trade has not been snfficient to affect th. flour, so that our quotations remain as before,-viz., households, 5Ss.. and seconds, 52s. per sack of 2301b. DUBLU, ta;R 4. We have no alteration to report in the currenciesof our corn-market since Tuesday. In some few cases the best qualities of fresh wheat were perhaps a shade dearer. Indian corn extremely difficult of sale, hutholdesre fusoeto submsiten a f,7,-ter.Mue;-n,
ST. MABTIS HALL. MIr. Hul1ah's new attempt at maling good music popular goes on prosperously. At the second concert (on Saturday night) there was a larger attendance than at the first. The symphony was Beethoven's Xo. 2 (in D),; the overtures were endelssohn's Bug Bias and MEr. Macfarren's Don JCarlos. The last-a work of greatoriginalityand merit-was far better anderstood than when (three years since) it was produced by the Xew Philharmonie Society at Exeter-hall. It was executed with a clearness and urecision which gave the composer a chance of appredation lenied him on the former occasion. The symphony and the other overture were equally well played, and received with hearty enthusiasm by the large mixed crowd assembled. A ro-ndino in E flat for eight wind instruments (oboes, clarinets, horns, and bassoons) was a novelty. Nevertheless, although capitally performed, it made little impression. The name of Beethoven must always command respect ; but the r-0ndino in question is of EO trivial a character, and so destitute of any of those signs which betray the presence of genius or the skill of accomplished musicianship, that we find some difficulty in believing it to be genuine. Another curiosity, and one of a more interesting character, was a concerto for the concertina,with orchestral accompaniments, composed by Eerr 3Molique expressly for Signor Giulio Ilegondi. No one will deny that Signor Rtegondi is the most finished performer on the concertina that ever appealed to public sympathy; but how sutch extremely difficult music could be played upon sech an instrument is no less a marvel than how music so ingenious and varied in its effects could ho wrtten for it. Had the concerto been intendedfor the violin it could not have been more carefully designed or more elaborately developed. The combinations of the orchestraNwith the solo instrument are singularly happy, and the bravura passages assigned to the latter are as free and brilliant as the most ambitious virtuoso could desire. The playing of Signor Rtegondi surpassed anything we bad previously heard from' him; it was firtrate concerto playing, and on a concertina -an instrument which for the xurely musical quality of its tone is not much preferable to Signor Picco's tiia!t Besides the instrumental pieces there wassome excellent vocal music by Madame Clara Novello and Miss Palmer, who, among other things, sang the "Quis estho from Rossini'sSwalat, which obtained and merited an encore. Mr. Walev's Marche des Guides was last in the programme. Mr. Hullah directed the whole concert, which, like its predecessor, los nothing by being reasonably short.
ST. JAMES'S THEATRE. This pleasant little theatre has been eng-aged for a series of concerts of vocal and instrumental music, which ame none the less worthy of patronage from the factof an efficient orchestra conducted by AMr. Alfred Mfellon foraning one of their various attractions. At the performance we attended the band, besides other morceazx, played a very clever overture entitled Romulzts, the cocnposition of Mr. Mellon, which invites attention on account of musical merit alone-since it is difficult to dive so deep into its zesthetic meaning as to lead to the discovery of what connexion it may have with the founder of Rome, or to decide why it should be called after Romulus any more than after IRemus, his twin-brother. We can understand the " character overtures" (as they are termed) of Beethoven and Mendelssohn because (likeo Mr. Wacfarren's Dorn Carlos, noticed. above) they are attempts to givo a musical colouring to dramatic and poetical embodiments of certain marik-ed personages. The views taken of Coriolanus, Egmont, and Ruy Blas, by Shakspeare, Goethe, and Victor Hugo are reflected, so far as that is practicable, in the music. But what such a vague individuality as Romuluscanx possibly suggest to a composer fairly eludes investigation. The principal feature of thesqco7certs, however, is the "Pastoral Tibia" of Signor Pico, the Sardiniannmistrel, whose achievements the oftener they aro listened to create a greater amount of surprise and a stronger sImpathy ior the blind artist whom genius and indomitable will have enabled to overcome such apparently insurmountable difficulties. The interest taken in Signor Picco goes on increasing; and not the least strange in this age of strange phenomena is the unmistakable enthusiasm excited by a youmng foreign gentleman performing airs and variations on a half-. penny whistle. "What next-and next?"
ADBsL,m THEA s.-Her Majesty has engaged a box permanently at this theatre from the 1st of the present month. CIVIL CON=GENCO .-An abstract paper, published on Friday, shows that the amount expended-under the head of civil contingencies, in the year 1855, was 83,8911., against 73,11f&. in 1854. Of this sum, 3,3781. was for special missions, 4,0421. for the outfit, and equipage o' Mlinisters at foreign courts, 13,1571. for the expenses of entertaining and conveyino persons of distinction. ambassadors and governors, and 54,5W. for various public services. Th., special mission of Lord John RusseUll to Vienna cost ths country 2,3321., and the comniission at Erzeroum, for mediating between Turkey and Persia, cost 1,000!. Th3 exhibition of the WeUington funeral car entailed an expense of 901.; the Fine Arts Com ion, an expense oF 8-aO.; and several other commissionS, sums varying from 104l. to 13,704L. The fees payable (and paid by the country) on making the EGmperor Na leon III. a K;night of tha Garter, amounted to no less than 479L. 13s. 4d. * 10O,OODl. will bs required for civil conltingencies in the current year,
_PFA L AMNTR NOMEI C -~ : HOUSE OF.LORDS. MONDMAYi APpry.. I - - - . IOrJDYiP. OP TURDAY N .- nen t th el~(i isy qimin a oyl Cmmsto th r0to inqure n,. kingdom. ~ ~ ~ M Lodr,oarl hitsASTOrTEDA-ND INOZICEs Lord Somerhill.-T sietahecount oftheterrito,;Cr,,l,, anddisbursemnentsoftheEam,tTnj ComPany,ltl rsne vi Hou01se in pursUance of the act Zadand 4th o *lam IV..- be pri%ted, for the use of this House; and tD ask if Her Majesty~s Goverunen, rac lay-upon the table of the Roflcea paper showing the amuount of i,.T. liurseinenits for military expeuditure, specifying the presidencies and; prey ace in -which such expenditiuu has been incurred duxin~ ther years onopqrised in the accoupsa abovcmeutoa,e-Tuesd,y. April & Lord Sous,rhill. -To mnove that a rasesage be senit to the House ot Commons reqnlesting them to caxamanicate to this House the report; of the seleet Committee upon SI. James's IPark; and to ask if Her Majesty's Government have coni c, tany decisi on upon the adoptiottof the recomnmendations contained in that repor.?-ThUrSday. April I0. The Fullof Albewarle.-To present sspctition from Certain inhabitants of the Presidenct of l0- ras, complaining of the intlictiorn of torture by the ollioers of G-ovemmuent ; attributing the practice to weight,in the a&-essusent. of the Govemmientrevenuc; and praying for Irotectsao; also, ToMOT,storesolve,-Thatbyarepestlatelylald on thte table i ~ proved to the ei,tire conviction of the House that torture, or theini. tion of pain for the purpose of confession or extortion, has long bLeen practised and still coutinuesto be practised by the nativ-e oflices of Covemment in the realization of the pulile revenues and the adiunias.. trAtion of criminal law, to a greater or less extent, throughout all the 20 provinces constitutingthe Government of Madras- 2ihsithe aforesaid torture, although claudestine and unauthorEzed. baa been for many 'ears known aed admiittedby thcconotitutedautho.. ititus at homne anid in India-. as shownm by the public records;- Tbatthiis House viewrs the aforesaid practice of torture, nffecthin so many millions of Her Majesty's subjects, wbether as an instruLment for the realization of the public rev-enues or Ise administrationi of criminal law, or for any other purpose whatsoever, as repugnznt to natural justice abhorrent toliutanity, and highly dssgraoefu ato the charater of this niation; That this House hereby pledges itself to parsue the speediest andI must effectual mneasures within its power for the anihilation of the odilous and barbamus practics,o torture 'within the abDovementionedi Governmentsnsd Pressdency of bladras.-Monday, April14. Chuscfliiscipline Act Ameendmnent,-Second reading on Tuesday, A p il 15. The srqis f Slisbry,To ovefor copies of all documents an ptiios eltig o hedIchrg of etain counicta upontickets Mariag La AmndmntB"II-Second reading on Tuesday, the theponrtoumnTmove to resolve. thatexperienre has 1royed sseofgranting tickets of leave to convicts to he imjuionsto heintrets f scity.daceresto the security ofpropere~ and tending to the ices ahrta the diimintion of crime;- it i therefore most imnportant anderaltatHrMesyGomen should takec the matter intothiseiucoidrin,ad eie some miens, either by providnemometfreuitsoeae t home or in t-he colonies, or othrie frleigtepbi n h country from a most fearfuladgoigvl-rdy ia2 The Earl of Mslalsum -ocl teatnino teHuet h correspondence uponthmliryoeaininsiicTry dte defence of Kars.-On an erydyfe h eesa atr Lord ldouteagle of Branndn-omv o copies of anay order or regulation issued since thestbih nto the Office of Secretary of Stats furlWar to proidfothdscae of the financia duties of the Comninsarsat andthAdistnonf the Conmmisearlat chest account.-After the recess at Easter. The Errl of Shaftesbury,-On the return of the Secretary of Stetefor Foreign Affairs, to muove an address to the Crown, praying Her Mlajesty to institute an inqur into the charaeter and condition of the Briitish consular service thrughout the Turkish esopime.-do day named. IIOU-SE OF COXDIO1TS, Moa-DAY, APRT 7. Supply,-Comasittee. lDRorTM&Y Supply.-ltport. Ways and Meaus.--Comrmlttee. Dcaughts on Bankers Bill.-Committee. Taetories Bill.- Committee. Vaccination Bill.-Cumsoittme Public Works Bili,-Committee. Publio Works (Ireland) Bill,-Committee. Trialof Offences BiIll-As amaended, to be consideredL NOTICES or 31oIOycs. Mrr. Wllkinson,-To ask theChief Commissoner of Works, whether there is any intention to continue the emb-ankment from Chelsea CotleWoBater6e-brdgethis ye-ar Hue-oakthe Under-Secrtary for War, whether it be true that an order has been given to suspend the issue of clothing to the militiaregiments of Ireland ; and, in the event of such being the case, vwhether thatsteP hasreference to the force being disbanded, orbsn any wa reduced, upon the ratificatiosi of peace? Wr. Toornely.-To ask the Secretary of the Treasury, whether a treaty of peace haTing been signed at P'aris, the bonds required to be given at the customu-houses on the exportation of iront, and of certain other manufactured articles may notnow be dispen-edwith! CabptainuStuari.-To ask the Under-Secretary for War. whether the'att,ention of thieWarx-offic,ehas beencalled to the factof there having been Large reviews of the British amy inthe Crimea on Sundays, by which the troops have been prevented fromn attending divine worship and enjoying a day`s rest? bma frMabon.-To ask the Chief Secretary for Ireland, whether the, Fishery Commissioners made, on or before the 31st, day of Januyary last, a report, to the Lo3rd-ideutenant of their proceedings, reeipts, and expenditure for the year 1855, as xeqoired by the statute in that behalf; and ifso. why acopy of such report was not laid before Parhament puresiantto the statute : and, if such report wiere not miade, when isit li~ely to be made, andto be laid on the table ? Mfr. Otway,-To ask the Under-Secretary for War what is the nium-: ber of the foreign troops at present in the pay of this country, and also what are the future intentions of the Govermment with regard to those troops? Colonel Boldero.-Leave of absence, at half-past 4 o'clock, tD MrxHeeld-one month, domestic afflction. Mir. Brady.-In Commnittee of the whole House to move for leave tobringila a bill for the betterreg-uistion of the spiri t trade of Ireland. LordElchso,-Billtoamend the laws relatingtothemnedicalprofession. Mr.Bellew.-Select committe-otoinquire into the circumstanoescDonected with the advance of a sum of 500,000 to the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company, pursuanit to the statute of the 12th and 13th of Victoria, chap. 62 ; also hInto the applination, or not. of the said sum of money to the pur1esses to which it shoula haT be-en applied under saId statute; also into the atiocation of tho traffic profits and expenses since the opeuing of the line from AthiLono to Galway, with a view to fixtho amount of the repayments to be raIsed from certainL baronies in the county of Itcoscomnmon and fronm the ounmty of Galway. Air. Bland,-lteturms of the number of petitions filed In the Eamnibored Estates Court in Ireland from the Ist of August, 1853, to the 30th of D)ecember. 1854, inclueive, in which sales have taken place, and the number in which denal scheduxles have been settled : Of the number of petitios'filed in said court from the 30th ot December, 1851 to the tat of February, 185: Of the number of such last mnentioned petitions uponi which absolute orders of sae have been made, the number in which sales have taken place, and the numxber in which fial schedlules have been settled; And of the number of petitions filed in that court from its commencement to the let of February, 1856 invwhich no sales have takenx Mr. J. Greene.-Address for retuin of the number of primons in Great Britain andIreland in which persons accused or convicted of criminal offence see conduce(L and the numbear of escapes which hire tak-en psaco from each during the last five years M1r. Alcock,-.tteturn of the amount of capital of the Hational Debt wrhich did not pay the incomne-tax for the year endn April, 1815, stating the number of personsfor whom exemtion ws aimed. Colonel IV. Patton,-To discharge the order of the 14th of March last, and, in lien thereof, to move for, Returns of the number.,within the last six years ofliotices sered on occpiers of factoriess, or their agents, by ins tzors or sub-inspectors, under the 43d section of the act of the 7tni anrsth of Victoria, chap. 15. commonly called " the Factory Act ; Of the number of cases of arbitration consequent upon suxch notices; Of the numbe-r of eases in whbich, without any such arbitration, occupiers of factories, or their agents, adopted measures for fencing tho machinery referred to in any such netice:. Of the number of cases in which penalties hare been incurred in consequence of any occupier of any factory having neglected to fence anypart of the machinery or any driving-strap or baud in the factoi-y, of which he shall have received notice in-writing from an inspector or subinspector, as provided by the 43d section of the said act, that the samne were considered to have been dangerous, And, of the number of factories under inspection. Mr. Peacocke.-flcturn of the number of prosecutions for adultera-. tion instituted by the Excise duTiuLg the Sears 3853, 1854 and1855stating the number of cases in which they obtained conviction, and also the number of cAses in which the penalties imposed were remitted, The Lord Advocate.-Bill to regulate and make further provisiom for aochial schiools in Scotlsnd, bloaillto makeprosisoa for educationi withrin burghs in Scotland. Mr. owe-Tonomiateselct cmmiteeon local charges upoa ehiping.Mr. owe,Mr. ardy Mr.30. ibson, M1r. HorsfalL , -r. Fenwek, ir S Norheot, M. Coden,Mr. leeds, r. Booverie. Hotbaun, and Mr. hfoDunan.aLor Mr.Wiso,-Ovi srvce stmaesmm omIteeof Sappl. ON GOING INTO CO.flflE5=FX OF SUPPLY, Mr. Cowan.-To move that, in the opinion of thiss House, the practice of billetting soldiers of the militia and of the line in Scotland. upon private famnilies is injuxious to the comfort and discipline of the men as well as oppressive to the people;1 and thatt it is the duty of the Government to take meanus Permanently to abolish the griev-ance Mir. McreyTjmcve address for copies of alt communicAtiens between the Ordnance and War Departments and the Encloeiure Commaissioners respecting the ncqsidring and purchasing of certai extenaive tracts of common lands in the parishes of Aldershott, Ash, ke, for military purposes; itetumss of the amount of v-aluation and detailed schedule of all aims wardd topartes claimaing any- righbt or interest in said lands, 17th and 18th of Victoi,ca.6,ad1t n 9ho itra hp 117; and a map shownthquniyoladurhe,terasad pathways proposedtobstpe,ndhoeitnetoeubistd iinder the provisions of a bl Adrht apBl)nwpnig Parliament; And of all money granted by Parliament since thelIst day of January, 1854, "an any further sum now estimated for completing the purchase of said lands, the forming a camp at Aldersbott. and erecting permnanent and temporary barrnacks with all other buildings and reads necessary thereto. Mrx. Bowyer.-To call the attentien of the House to the constlittiosa of the Board of Audit, and the defects in the law regarding the audit of piublilaccounts. sir B. rerry.-To call the attontion of the House to the incre~asng annual deficit in the revenues of India. IN COStyisTEE or SUPrLY. M6r. Hadfield,-To mnove the disallowance of the twro sums of 9150 each for Professors of Divinity. Non-suibscribing Association. as unnecessary and extravagant, and thatreasonable compensation be made. M1r. Ileyw-orth.-To move that 1,500, for Theological Professors of Bnelfat. be disallowed, and Compensation be muade on reasonable terms. Mr. rosley-To ovethedisalownceof 325 for 6.1 year mIs- Mr. heeham,To ove he isalowace of 250 for incidentl epenes f te Geera Asemby'sColege at Belfast. Mr. Wtson.In Cmmitte on raug tso Bankers DAil-To, Mir T. Duncombe.-On motion for going into committee on VacciniationBinl to move,-That t's House in, apon thisday sixnontha, resolve itself into the sad committee. Also, in Committee on Vaccination Dill-To move amendments.
MRS. FITZHfERBERT AND GEORGE IV. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIIS. Sir,-Yonr correspondent who signs himself "Sexagena rian" has committed an error in, his letter, publshed in ho rrects of yesterday which I beg your permission to correct. In reference to the marriage of Mrs. Fitzherbert with the Prince of Wales, your correspondent, after giving the nlames of relations present, states that a Protestant clergyman and a Romaa Catholic pfiest were also present, and adds these words, " This Protestant minister was the Ber. Johnes Knight, rector of Welwyn, who was living in 1840, then nearly b5 years of age." As the son-in-law of the late Mr. Johnes KRnight, I ami in a poition to correct this statement, Mr. Johnes Knight having often assured me that. although urged to do so by the Prince of Wales, he refnse& to perform the ceremony, and he has left behind him v. -written statement to that effect. I thinlc it right at the same time to add that Mr. Johnes Knight frequently ir conversation assured me of his conviction that a marrige did take place as described by your correspondent betweea. Mr Fitzheibert and the Prince of Wades. I am. Sir. -vour obedient servant. JOHN VILLIERS SHTELEY. 25, Park-lane, Apdl 5 EDuCATIoN.-At a meeting of the Lords of the Conmmittee on Education, held at the Conc:il-Chamber, Whitehall, on the 26th day of January. hst, their Lordsbies, having considered the minute of te .2d of April, 1853, "for the support [by capitation grants] of schools i tho agricultural districts and uminoorporatec towns (not containing more. than 5,000 inhabitants) of England and Wales," resolved to extend the application of that minute, as explained by the circular to 1ler M-aicstfsInspectors Of Schools, dated the 20th of August, 1853, and by the aBoond resolution in the minute dated the, 29th of April, 1854, to all parts (urban as well as rmral) of Englind a1s1i Wales.
4'CRIP of the STATE of TEXAS.-Holders of this Scrip gutbt to take measure to prellent it for redemption at t7ihing-too, U.S,before the end of April.Partieasaesding serip totho uarIesimned by tirel0thofApril wilhave it forwarded in ropefoem. -'.A. THOMSON and Co., V2, Old Bread-street, London. ~jL E MAJSTrsa THEATRE.-It is resk5effully annone thm er Ma2jesty', Theatre will E-OFLIN early in! y. -nasgements of gret interest have been effected both in Operm and. Ballet, and the beat exertions used to make the arrnLgements wnettir of the occasion. The proEpectus will shortly be issued. The subscribers and friends of Her MaJesty's Theatre, who feel au interest an tha success of this great establishment, are regpectfulyi,tdt fcrw ard,eerlY intimatrion of their Intention to subecribe Theayleseton vwill consist of 30 n Ohi,adthe prices w11llbe asfollow,-Pittboxes, 150 to 150 guineas; grand tier. ISO t3 200 guineas; one pair, 120 to 150 guineas ; two pair. 15 to 100 guineaas; pit statls 25 guineas. The boxoflle will be op.!ned This Day (Monday. April 7). OY3AL ITALLA.- OJ?ERA.-M~r. GYE bg JL%, mo0trespectfully to announce thathe will duringthe een aesa,on. give the OPER A at the ltOYA.L LYCEU TETE~ n trogta that his arrangemients, affected sa they are by the late sde and dreadful catastrophe,. may mneet withL the kind and induletcn al.eeation of the subscribees and the psublic. It has be r ' chief aim to keep intact the company of great artiste whib h zLeadiyengaged for the Royal Italian Opera. Cer-et-gardes,adh )sax Succeeded in doing so. The engagementst for the o0a r Afadame Grisi, Madame Jenny Ney,. Midle. Didile ' e% ar! 3E%damne Tagisafico, and Madwme Boaio ;Sinr aio Signor Talmberlak (for a few nights only, previous to his depatr b i Jsaeiro).Sig,sorGardoti. SignerG(.eanani. SignaorLuchelSioraia lico, Signor Folonini, Mona. Zelger. Signor Soldi Sgo MlHr ioemes, Signoyr Rtoncooi and Signor Lablache.Dietroth [sc Composer.and Conductor. Str.Costa. For theDlivertissemet:Mle Mse. Mdllle. (humb&. hdlie. Emma, idlle. Genat. oa esics ind ?sdlc.Cerit.. The sbscriptionwill be for 40 night cormmecn eni Tueaday, April 15. on which occasioni will he perfredVri' asew grand opera. IL TROVATORE. Mr. Gye begs to state that it i3 his intention to build a New Opera-house, with Concert-hall and OthaC aCCeSiOrie-4, and that he will shortly have tho honour of subxuitting hi. plans for public inspection. TRURY-LA~NE.--E gjs Oer.-The unpreceM a.Jdeted ensemble aFforZded ote pubi in 2 the representation of Verdi's celebrated opera, B Trovatoro; or. the Gipey'a Vengeance, E3alfo's Bohemian Girl, and Donirettils, Daughter of the Itegiment, has been universally acknosledged by the largest audiences ever assmbled 'withina the wallsi of an English opera house. The Directors, therefore. linen the honouLr to announce that these three operas will continue to les performed during this week.-THIS EN1VENIG (Mondai). Tonorrow (Theselay)?, snod on Wednesday. IL TROVATORE. To cn -cluie wih. r, eery evening, TILE DAUGHTER OF THE REIGISXENT. 2Lucy Fscott. Miis Fanny iluddart, SILoe Dyer, Mtr. Anupstus Brabasn, Mir. Hemr Hlaigh, SIr. Manrers Mr. Henri Drayton. M~r. .Durand. Mr. S. Champion. &c. Auber's adw-tred opera, FeM DiaTolO, is in active Preparation, and wilt he presented with theo same regard to completexes.sin every department. Reduced prices as usual-stalIs, 4&.; dress I oxse, Zs. ; firs-t circle and pit, 2s. ; upper circle and amphitheatre, Is.; gallery. Od. Private boxes IO.. "I. - Isa, and ze! 2s. rIHATRE ROYAL, HAYMIARKET.-THIS Jr V1.'InG (Moanday). and dornza the wee]t, the new and moe- ceeifuil comedy.of THE EVIL GEN,IUS. Afterwhielithellnew ballet rantomime of EL GAMBUSINO, or The Mexican Golds"eekr, in 'whach the renowned Spanish Dancer, Perea Nena, with Manuel P're2ss, (anianew Conspatnyof Spaniuars. willappear. Thire ewmusic - 1y EdiwArt! Fitzwflliasn. The scenery by IV. Calloott. After which. This Mvening.& Tuesday. and Wednesday only, LEIND MiE FIVE SHILLINGS. Mlr. Golightly, M1r. Buckstone, And FISH O'UT OF WATER. After the balieI. on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. a asazw farce. The Postmian's Knock, 7DOYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - THIS JL)EV IN1CG (Monday), arid or, Friday. A WONDERFUL, FOR AN 'HOUR. To-morrowv Tueseday), The First Printer: Tho Victor Vanqui.shed ; and A Prince for an Hour. Wednesday, Louis Ml. ; The Victor Vanquished: and A Plrince for ass Hour. Thurnsdy (for the Inst time but one). Henry VIII.; The Victor Wanquished : and A Prince for an Hour. Saturday, The Corsican Brothers; The Victor Vanquished; and APrince- for an Hlour. TrlHEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-Begin at 7 and JLterminate at U.-Rtecvery of MIr. Wrgigt. who wiiUllx apear This Eveuinz and To-miorrow isn the popular pitees of Mlother and Child are D1oing well and Urgent Private Affairs, and on Wednesday in the new Adein'ni drusna, Like and Ur,like.-Last Week of the grand Burleserse and Comic Pantomimse.-THIS EVE.NING. MOTHER AS]D CHaLD ARE DOING WELL. Fluffy. Sir. Wright (his ficst appear' nuce einCe his recent indispoisition). W'ith URGENT PRIVATE AFFAIURS. Dotts, Mr. Wright. And Ithegrand burlesque and comic pantomime of JACK ANLD THlE BEAN STATX' or, Harlequin aand Mother Goose at Homne Again. Jack and Halaequin, M1adame C~eteste: M1other Goose midtCiumsbine. Bliss Wyndham (as pserformed by comm.andlbefore Her Majesty ad thelBoyal Family). 'Wednesday nex poitielythenes- Aeipi dama caledLik-e and Unlike, in whic Mr.B. Wbste. Mr Wriht. nd MdameCeleste. will appear. T HEATRE OYAL, SALER's -WELLS,- The minet trggdinne,SIla Cosasa, will appear for four r.ig~tsoil-THS EENIG (ondyl.andon Wednesday, Thursclay an Saurdy nxt-n hr etrardiary impersonation of Meg Mcrles. To-morrow tire succes_ful revival of Itoh Roy, with all its ssrigtnatl effects and music. And (last tine) Plancir's best burlesque, Thelnvisilel Prince: supportedby 3tesilamesHarriet Gordon.' S. OliTer, E, Hzraud. Cuithbert, Blartlett : M1ezssr Barrtt. Edgar. Swan, George A. Webster. and the acknowledged best company in Lonidon. Prices-- 1-oxes. is. and -s.: pit. Is.; gallery. &Il. _I . nrd iMrs. CHARLES DILLON will appena- for lvi 2 consecutive nights at the -theatre Royal, Sadler's-wels coin=vnrunyoa Mondlay. April 21. lJ)D OYAL SURREY THEATRE.-HOWIWE LIVE ..LIjIEN THE WORLD OF LONDON. Thisgreatsecretisnightly disqclosedi. First appearance in England of 3f. BunIon, whose incredible paerformances hav a been pronounced by the Elaperor Napoleonx to be most unprecedented, brilliant. andwoniderful. QYAL1ARYLEBO?{E THEATRE.-Engage- LI nrto r. Charles Mlathews. for five nights onIly who will appar achevnin intw ofiri mat opuarcharactems-Boxes, Pprto,M.John Douginss.-Fnqagement of Miss Glyns, M1r. H. Mrsto. anMsslebeccaLIsaacs.-TH IS EVEINING, the play of ISABELA or he Faal Mariage(unparalleled in histrionic pagentr). iroL Mr H.ManIon(ofthe Theatre Royal, Sadler's~welsi; sablla,Mis Glys. issRbec alsaswill also appear in A STEY' EATERPHALANX. - GREAT As,.STPRIEN-G-M=EETINGT and NATIO.NAL STEEPLECHASE, in wlsicis the e-tra-ordinar prfomaces of SiIr. William Cooke's new atal f big-mettry rceores ~and trouPe Of fearlessiedkeys render the portrayal of this national sport a perfectipicture of life-like reality, tlsz su.uence each eveninig actuaUll rising en mpassze, transported wvith breat,rte&3 excitement at tire varied and viv id scenes passing befer -te:tgether with the Grand Spectacle; Scenes in threCirce the Double Tight Rope Artistes; the New Equestrian Act or the i'ostnian'.' Knock: r.nd other entertanmunent-e cry evening. DRURY-LAXE.-ENGLlSH OPEPA. 'Under the 1anageninnt of Mesqrs. J. H. Tully and F. Kingsbury. TH-IS EVENING, IL TROVATOR.E; or. Tire Gipsy's Vengeance. -Ciisrncters by Lucy EscotS. Bliss F. Huddarxt: Mir. Henri Israyton, Mr. A. B3raham. MIr. Durannl, &c. To c)nc1ude with TIlE DAUtGHTER, OF THE REGDIENT. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYBIARKET. 7Under tire Matnagement o: Mr. Buckstone. XyM, THIS EVENINtI. TilE EVIL GENIUS. DyMsss Duckatosse, Cunipton: M isses Reynolds, Swarnborough. &c. Afte,r which, EL GA31YLSINO;- or. Thie Mlexican Goldseeker. To be foll7owed bsy LEiND MlE FIVE SHILLINGS. To concludle with FISIH OUT OF WVATER. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. UEnder thel5Management of MIr. Charles Kean. THIM EV.ENING will he presented A WONDERFUL WOM1AN. ,sfter which. FA'UST AND S5ARq'UERITE. Mephistophiles,by Mr. C. Kean. To conclude with A PRiINCE FOR AN HOUR. THEATRE ROYAL. ADELPHI. Proprietor. Mr. D. WVebster ; Directress, Madame Celeste. TH`TS E'VENING will be presented.3MOTHER. AND CHILD ARE DOING WELL. Characters by Messrs Wreght, P. Bedford, C. Selby, 31rs. L. Murray. &-c. After which. URGENT PRIIVATE AFFAILS. To conclude with JACK AND) THE BREAN STALK; or, HTarlequin nnd Mother Goose at Home Again. ROYAL OLYMIPIC TH-EATRE. Lessee. Mr. Alfred Wrigan. HIS= EVENING will be presented STILLL WATERS RUN DEEP. Jobs. Milildmay. MIr. A. Wigar: Mr. BIeslct.r Stershold, BMrs Stirlinig. 'To conclude withTHE DISCREET PRINCESS. Charactera by Slessrs. P. R,obsers, Emery. Danvers. H. Cooper, Wh'ite, Clifton; Slisses Julia St, G,eoege.Ternazi.Marston, 51asell, and Stephens. Commence nt past 7, THEATRE ROYAL, SA'DLERt'S-WELL,S. Under the Managemuent of Sir. Gleorge A. Webster. THIS EVIE NG will be presented GUY MANIIERIING. Mleg eiderijie. Mliss Cushnman; Dandlie Dimmot, Mlr. Barrett : Dirk Hattoraick, Mr. M. F. Edgar; Jlulia. BIls H. Gordon: Lucy, Miss MI. Oltiver. After which, A ROLAND FORt AN OLIVER. To conclude wi's othzer-Rntertairmiente. ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, Mlessrs Shepherd and Creswilck. THIS EVENING wfil be presented HOWV WE LIVE IN THE WOP.LD OF LONDON. Chamactersbsy Messrs. Shepherd, C.A.Calvert, J.HE. Rtickards. Widdlicomb. &-c. ; Misses M1arriott, B. Sanders c After which. SI. aianlons rerformnce. To be followed by THE FQOSTMAN'S KNOCK. To conclude with TUFELHAUSEN. ASTLEY'S RO-YAL ABITPHITHEATRE. Lesasee and Mlanager, Bir.W. Choke. THIS EVENING wili- be presented THE ARAB3 Op THE DESEIRT AND HIS FAITHFUL STEED. After which,th.e Senes in the circle, Ac. To conclude with THE GRAND SPRING MLEETING AND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. TO CORRESPONDEN-TS. Oiur readers are requested to observe that the priee of !The Times is reduced to 4d,, and that W~. is the price of a copy -with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended reg-ulations of the Post~-office (No. 60) Th.7r Times'is tranmisble by poet to British colonies andi foreign countries -without an impressed stamp. E7o notine can be takefx of anonymous co mminlea'sions. What-ever is intended for insertion mnust be authenticatedi by the namne and addlress of the writer ; not necessarily for publicAtion, but as a guarantee of his good faith, 'We cannot undertal-e to rotmne rejected communications. ATThe publicatlanofTlTnTm enscmmened at5 o'clock on Saturday morning, and finished at a qusarter to 10.
ZoKOVX, MOKDA Y, APRIL 7, 1 W. It is now more than 40 years since the Congress <of Vienna met to give new territorial divisions and a new destiny to Europe. The great revolntion of France was supposed to have come to an end, legitimate Sovereigns were not only triumphant, but seemed to the world, and perhaps to themselves, the supporters of justice, tranquillity, and human freedom. They undertook to regenerate E:urope on the principles of religious truth and respect for venerable usages. But far more than 'by the Gospel, or by immemorial laws, were the MIonarchs of the Continent united through a common fear of France. The war which closed with APoiEoN's downfall wa s the contest of old Europe against France, its principles, and its ,%'ns. It cannot be wondered that at the pacification every statesman of the alliance should have been intent on safeguards and guarantees ;gainst French aggression. To preserve the minds of(natious from Frenchl doctrines and their frontierm from French columns was the first and almost the sole object of the famous assembly which Met at Vienna. On this account every Power which fought at Lelpaic, or was on the march for Waterloo, was considere-d to be allied for evermQv, AltLQtiz'. Rbsi~. l .1 a few yeax befQoZ seized. Finland and Bessarabia, no diplomatist dared to hint that Europe had need of securities against the policy of St. Petersburg as well as of Paris. The return from Elba so terrified the Cabinets that the endea,vours of England and of loms XVIl.'s Ministers to oppose the preponderance of the North were abandoned, and never renewed. The fortresses of France were dismantled, while along her whole frontier the strongholds of her enemies were multiplied and strengthened. Territory was distributed andc races were divided so as to give every State an interest in the repression of the dreaded people. Even the course of trade was made dependent on these considerations. The enemy was to be corn- bated by hostile tariffs, and roads -which would] have joined important cities were forbidden because they might render more easy the sudden march of the invader. It cannot be wondered at that in such a partition of Europe the weak States should suffer grievously. The great Powers took their preo cautions and securities with all the remorselessness of fear. One land which, to use the language then in fashion, had been "swept over by the revo" lutionary torrent," received the special attention of the crowned heads. The first triumphs of the French EalPEnRo had been won in Italy. To the Cisalpine Republic and the Parthenopcean Republic had succeeded the kingdom of Italyi the secularization of the Papal States, and the reign of JosBrP} at Naples. The entry of the French into these rich and classic regions was looked upon as dangerously easy, and to be prevented only by foreign armies and a strict control over the population. To Austria the task of defending Italy must fall, and therefore it was thought just that she should virtually rule it even in times of quiet. What the results of this rule have been is pretty well known to the world. Out of the last 40 years Austrian troops have occupied portions of the Papal States for no less than 24. The Ml;anese and Venetian territories are now under a severer discipline than at the era of the Viennese Congress. Of Rome it is still more mournful to speak. A priesthood which even fanatics do not undertake to defend rules 3,000,000 of Italians by the support of foreign bayonets. The Legations, once part of the great NAPOLEON'S empire, and regldated by the provisions of his code, are now the' most unhappy part of Italy, for they are iunder a dominion which unites the worst evils of despotism and anarchy. The Austrians occupy the country with a military force, while the laws are administered by the Papal authorities, who must in all cases consult the pleasure of the foreign generals. Tuscany is only an outwork of Austria, who does not even conceal her claim to direct the whole policy of the Duchy. lVhen we come to Naples it is hardly necessary to recall the past or expatiate on what is now occurring. The kingdom has fallen from bad to worse during the lifetime of this generation, and wher we hear of the dungeon of PoERIo, or the spies of MAZZA, we have no reason to believe that we are indignant at isolated and rare acts. It would be hard for any one to argue that the Governments of Italy are not absolutely worse than in the years succeeding 1815. But, even if it be allowed that there has been no real, yet it must be admitted that there has been a relative, retrogression. In every part of E urope new ideas, new sciences, a new literature have raised the mass of the people. At the last settlement of Europe k;ings, nobles, and a small educated class made up the vworld, and when these were satisfied a country was likely to be tranquil. Buit now, even on the Danube and the Vistula, there are classes low in the social scale who talk about freedom of thought and independence of nationalities. The more the Italians have risen in attainments the stricter has been the repression. The pliesthood of the Roman States has been unable to preserve its influence even with the poor. Whatever in old times tempered the evils of clerical control has now vanished. The prelates are no longer men of historic name, connected with families whieh inherited wealth and certain traditions of patriotism and just adminis[tration. If not maligned, they are now to a great extent adventurers, without the pride to resist foreign intrigue or the decency to hide their domestic vices. As a class they are iunable to govern, and a fatal antipathy divides them from all of their countrymen who give signs of genius or high principle. Such is the state of things in these latter days, when after 40 years of seeming lethargy an Italian State has risen to take a bold part in the affairs of the world, and give new hopes to the wlhole peninsula. A Congress is now sitting in Paris, which may be considered as representing the reaction against all that Vienna dictated. As before, a coalition has been victorious over a common foe, and is intent on taking securities for EIurope. But nearly half a century, prolific in great ideas, has changed the policy of the world. In 1815 statesmen thought chiefly of the strengthening of frontiers; now, even the least advanced trust for tranquillity to the contentment of nations. There is no reason that the Plenipotentiaries of Paris any more than those of Vienna should confine themselves strictly to the contents of any ultimttier or protocol. They have met to secure the peace of Europe, and any vain distinction between the affairs of the East and of the WVest is belovw the attention of earnest men. We cannot therefore but hope that the state of the Italian peninsula will be fully discussed, and a remedy found for evils which are a scandal to this age. Austria, it may be trusted, is willing to carry out that nobler policy of wlhich she has given hopes. The allies may therefere represent to her, in no unfriendly spirit, the wrongs which her protectorate has prolonged. It would be, indeed, the pedantry of diplomatic etiquette to shrink from mention of what all men know concerning Lombardy and Venice. Can it be denied that the people of these regions do not love their rulers, that they are coerced by an overbearing soldiery and an infamous police, that an advantageous intercourse with Piedmont is forbidden, through fear of liberal ideas, and that the whole State policy is of a kdnd which might be called Machiavellian, if that term did not convey some notion of prudence and suc- cess ? But the Roman States call for the earliest decision. Here there is no Government which even lays claim to independence. Austrian troops at Ancona balance Freich troops at Rome. The country is occupied by foreign soldiers, and no one dares to suggest that they should be withdrawn as long as a PoPE is a temporal sovereign and his Ministers are Cardinals. What must be the opinion even of continental Monarchs when they assert in one breath that the Romans are degenerate and pusillanimous, and yet that the PoPr could not reign a week without French bayonets? What must be the rule which such a people would rise against in mass the moment that external repression was withdrawn? Into the de-. tails of any proposed change we cannot enter. Whether it be suitable that the Legations should be divided from the remainiing territory and administered by a temporal government with more enlightened laws,-whether the PorE should guarantee the cessation of the present priestly rule, except over ecclesiastics, should be matters only decided after attentive discus-1 sion. But those grievances which drove the Italians into tunnult a full year before Lours IPniLIpp fell should no longer be disregarded. An approach to a national unityr by the abolition of impediments to intercourse, ihould be attemptea, and the exaggerated sytem of passports and CUstomns at once modified. Something like a real amnesty would, we are confident, have much effect in soothing the senwe of injustica which now embitters so many minds. A combined remonstrance of the great Powers would, no doubt, be suffcient to alter much that is scandalous at.Naples. On the whole, statesmen who should seriously devote themselves to the amelioration of this unhappy tanc would find a field for the exercise of their highest faculties, and by their success confer benefits on Europe not less than those which have been won by the war which has just been brought to a conclusion.
On the 18th of MIarch we inserted a letter from General ALL with reference to the quarrel between himself and General CAVENDISr, and the treatment which both officers saustained at the hands of the authorities at the Horse Guards; and now, on this 7th of April, we receive a_ very long letter from General CAvEDIxsH in reply, which does not, so far as we can see, materially alter the circumstances of the case. 'But, as the matter is again brought before the public, we will again notice its leading features, in order to show, if possible, yet more clearly than has been shown already how utterly the Horse Guards-that department of our Government which, it is contended, must be kept in the hands of the Court and entirely withdrawn from the jurisdiction of Parliament-has failed to apply the ordinary principles of justice and fairness, asld h,ow absurd it would be to presume that the characters of officers and gentlemen are safe in the hands of the chiefs of their profession. Secrecy where there ought to be publicity, enforced silence where there ought to be the most open investigation, attempts to hush up the most dishonourable charges without the knowledge of the persons implicated, and admissions of the guilt of the accused party made by those whose duty it was to judge and to punish, instead of concealing the accusation-these are the leading circumstances of a case in which the honour and character of two officers of high rank were concerned and left to the protection of two successive ComiiDnRs-ns-CHrsr. In 1847 the Duke of WrnaI TGTox received an anonymous letter bringing charges against Colonel RTAT., then commanding the 1st Regiment of Horse Guards, and in 1848 another letter to the same effect. To these letters Colonel HAIL was ordered to reply; an investigation ensued, and he wvas entirely acquitted of the charges which they contained. "But Colonel HAsLL was satisfied in his own mind, and the belief was shared by the officers of his own regiment, that these letters were written by General CAvEmisIsH, his predecessor in the command, with whom he had had some disagreement with reference to some matter of purchase and exchange. General HAT fortified his own opinion by that of professional judges of handvwriting, and, being apparently, whether lightly or wrongly, impressed with its truth, preferred before the Co.xxiiDER-rsCmxF an accusation against General CAvENDIsH as the author of the letters. The course of duty was simple and obvious. An inquiry had been directed against General HIL., founded on an anonymous accusation, and here was an accusation not only preferred by an officer of high rank but resting on a single point-the comparison of handwriting-and that point established apparently against the accused by the testimony of professional judges. Who can doubt that it was the duty of the ComrsAsDm-mn-Cmry, even if he did not believe the accusation, to have submitted it at once to the decision of a Court-martial, in order that the matter might be finally set at rest, and suspicions so injurous to the honour of a General officer be either dissipated or be conivertedinto certainties ? But the case did not rest even here, for it seems quite evident that the Duke of WEII.NGTON, either rightly or wrongly, did believe in the truth of the accusation against General CAvmmisn. Had the :Duke disbelieved the charge there could have been no objection to send General CAvxxDisH before a Court-martial, from which he must have obtained an honourable acquittal without fixing the blame on any person in particular. To refuse the Court-martial, then, on the ground that the good of the service required it, was something very like an admission of his guilt; but, not only did the Duke of W uNrGTON refuse the Court-martial, he strictly enjoined secrecy on the subject, and he coupled this command to General HAIL with a promise that he should never be placed under the command of General CAvENisirS. We cannot imagine harder treatment than that wlhich General CAVENDISH received on tnis occasion. Inquiry into his case was refused on grounds most prejudicial to his honour and character; secrecy was enjoined for the same reason, and an undertaking was made exempting his accuser from liability to serve under him; and all this was done without his having the slightest knowledge of the charge -which had been brought against him, of which for five years he lived in utter unconsciousness. The Horse Guards played the part of " the candid friend," and, while screening their protgg6 from punishment, by words and by acts admitted that guilt which they did not give him the opportunity of denying or disproving. The military authorities deprived the General of his good name, and then, on the principle, we suppose, that it is better to be abused much than to know it even a little, kept from him vith the utmost care the knowledge of his loss. But that inquiry which the Duke of WxEr=GTro2a would not grant while he lived it was his singular fate to bring about when he was no more. General CAvmmIsH was appointed to command General HAra's regiment at the: finelul. General HTATL, in pursuance of the promise given to him five years before, refused to serve under him. The Horse Guards yielded to the justice of the objection, and thus General CAvEusDxsH learnt for the first time that for five years he had been a marked and disgraced man. The result was a Court of Tnquiry, which could now no longer be withheld. Of the weight of the evidence we have no means of judging, nor is it necessary thatr we should do so. Certainly, if General CAVENIsnes witnesses were as strong in proof as they were high in rank the acquittal he received must have been well deserved. Two Dukes, one Marquis, one Earl, and one, Baron testified on the side of General CAv1anDisH, while a solitary Viscount was the only titled witness on the side of his accuser. It was no great compliment to the Court of Inquiry that it should have been thought necessary on a simple matter of fact-the identitY of handwriting-to bring such evidence before it, and it is not wholly satisfactory that -in acquitting General CAvENIsH of the charges broughlt against him they should have adverted so strongly to the unsatisfactory nature of the inquiry and the inability to examine witnesses on oath. This, however, was not General C AvwDisn's fault, and he is entitled to all the good that the finding of such a tribunal can do him. But here, also, he has a right to complain of injustice. Ie was entitled to a trial before a Court-martial, where witnesses would be examined on oath, and where the whole proceedings would be public and notorious. The acquittal by such a Court would have carried with it a force and conviction which no private inquiry could give, but this means of vindicating his character has been refused. Here, then, we have a General officer labourixig under the most severe accusations, which are sedulously concealed from him by Lis official superiors, and when they become known to him are refened to a tribunal which in its own Ending solemnly records its conviction of its own incompetence. Honour is the very soul of the military profession; but who can say that an officer's honour ia safe when his official superiors will neither allow him to vindicate it himself nor ta:kle any efficient steps to vindicate it for himI
Now that we have done with the Russian war we may begin to turn our attention to a few domestic matters which require immediate arrangemnent. When the exigencies of the war were at the highest-it was natural enough that secondary subjects, such as postal communication between the mother-country and its various colonies, should be dismissed from consideration until a fitter opportunity. The one problem which required instant solution was the transport of troops, provisions, and 2mathi.eZ from the English ports to Balaldava. Every steamer upon which the Government could lay its hands was pressed into the service. There was no time for inquiring too nicely into details. The first point was to secure the ships; the second, to inquire what inconvenience might be inflicted upon commercoe, what arrangements mightbedislocated, bythe abstraction of packets from their ordinary functions. We would premise by sayingthat our object justnow is prospective, not retrospective. We do not ask whether the transport service might not have been equally well effected without rupture of our communication with Australia, but, now that the. war is at an end and conxmunication is about to be restored, wliqh is the preferable route I In the interval which elapsed between the failure of the experiment by the Cape of Good Hope and- the month of November, 1854, there was established a communication between London and MIelbourne tid Suez in 64 days, or thereabouts; but in the month named that commnunication was suppressed in consequence of the exigencies of the war. The Australian postal line was suppressed, but the China line was maintained intact, although the importance of our communication with China is far inferior, in a commercial point of view, to that with Australia. This, however, belongs to thLe past. Suffce it to say that for the last eighteen months the transit of letters from London to M,elbourne has been effected upon an average in 85 days, and from Melbourne to London in 95 days. This being so, and now that the service is to be reorganized, we may well inquire in which way the object will be best carried into effect. From Dover to Melbourne four routes divide the suffirages of persons interested in the solution of the question. They are as follows, with distances and duration of passage subjoined Duration of Mie. Pasnago. hliles. D. U. The late mail route vid the Cape ... 13,367 .... 80 0 ,, ,id Singapore ... 11,521 ... 64 0 The route rid Diego Garcia. 10,3 ... 44 0 ,, rid P ana.. 2,686 ... 56 21 The route by way of Diego Garcia has been warmly advocated by the General Association for the Australian Colonies. If the above figures and calculations are correct, and if there be no disturbing forces depending upon the meteorological condition of the southern hemisphere, upon tides, currents, &c.,there can be no question that the members of the Association are entirely justified in their view. The object of our remarks to-day is to bring before the notice of our readers a slight divergence from theDiego Garcia route which has been proposed by various persons, who agree with the proposition of the Association in the main, but who are of opinion that the object in view will be better attained by making the Mauritius the house of call in the Indian Ocean. We do not embrace either view in the spirit of partisans. The subject is one which depends entirely upon technical considerations, and therefore requires discussion. The weight of the argument rests upon those who recommend the substitution of the Mauitius for Diego Garcia. The latter island, which is one of the Chagos group, lies directly in the way from Aden to King George's Sound. The following figures, however, may give a more correct notion of the point at issue, as far as mere figures can do so. The comparative distances are as follows-taldkng Aden as the starting post, for so far there is no dispute:- Aden to Diego Garcia ... ... 2,074 miles Aden to the Mauritius ... ... 2,314 miles The difference in favour of Diego Garcia is therefore 240 miles, or aboout one day's rin of a steamer. To proceed- Distance from Diego Garcia to Zing George's Sound ... .. ... ... ... ... 3,113 miles Distance from the Mauritius to King George's Sound ... ... ... ... ... ... 3,300.miles Distance in favour of Diego Garcia 187 miles, or about 18 hours' run of a steamer. We should, in all probability, be not far wrong if we were to say that, as a mere question of figures, and in the absence of dist-urbing forces, the calculation wouLld be in favour of'Diego Garcia by about 48 hours, or two days. The arguments by which the partisans of the Mauritius route support their position are-briefly as follows :-Diego Garcia, they say, is a low, flat island, scarcely elevated above the level of the sea -a mere point on the coral-reefs of the Chagos Archipelago. The consequence would be that it could only be approached in daylight, and in that section of the earth's surface there is no twilight. A steamer, then, which did not reach within 15 miles of the island while daylight served would have to lie-to during the night, and hence frequent delay. There is also another reef in the direct track between Aden and Diego Garcia, against which a steamer might readily run and go to pieces. To avoid thiswould necessitate much care, and cause more delay. Between Aden and the Mauritius, on the contrary, there is clear water, broken only by the high outstanding group of the Seychelles, against which a captail could scarcely knock his ship under any conceivable circumstances. Tho Mauritius, too, stands high out of the sea, and is easily to be made out at any hour. At Diego Garcia there is no lighthouse-at the Mauritius there are lighthouses in plenty. At Diego Garcia, it is said by the partisans of the Mauritius route, the water is of most dubious quality, and certainly there are no culinary vegetables grown. At the Mauritius coals are brought alongside of a steamer imamediately upon her arrival in great abundance, and hence one great cause of delay is avoided. Every facility for the repair of shipping and machinery is -there also to be found; whereas if a steamer were disabled at Diego Garcia, or uipon the Diego Garcia line, she woulld be compelled to tear up under canvass for the Mfauritius. At this island, too, in case of accident to the machinery of a steamer, a sailing vessel may always be chartered for MIelbourne, to which port she would convey passengers in an average passage of *35 days. At Diego Garcia, in case of accident, there would be no remedy for the passengers but to await the arrival of the next steamer from Aden. There are regular harbour attendants at the Mauritius-magistrates, police, labourers, &c.; at Diego Garcia all this organization has to be created-establisments must be formeKI, and labour imported. We now come to that which, in cur opinion, and according to the present ate of our information, is the turning point of the question. As .far as we have hitherto set out the objections of the Mfauritius men it is pietty clear that they might be readily enough overcomo by the formation of suitable lihthouses, depfts, and establishments uponu :iego Gacia, together with the organization of an auxiliary steam branch to the MIauritius. The real keystone of the whole argument is the peculiar atmospheric condition of these southern se, ana that of the tides and currents. If it be really true, as asserted, that the run vd [IDiego Garcia would involve a steamer in a constant series of hurricanes, circular storms, head-winds, and adverse currents, cadt qumalothere is an end of all dispute. This is the point which really requires the attention of the 3Ninisters whose duty it is to settle this important question. They must necessarily have under their hand a sufficient number of scientific persons, of naval officers, of masters of merchant ships who are familiar with the phenomena of the Indian Ocean, and by theirtestimony they should beguided. There can be no doubt that prin4facie the shortest route is the best. The burden of proof rests with those who propose a divergence from it. We entreat all right hon. and hon. gentlemen to whose consideration this question may be submitted not to lay too much stress upon the cost of fresh establishments, branch lines, &c. The organuzation of the shortest possible communication with Australia is just now, or should be, a leading feature of Imperial policy.
That the Thames should ever have been at once the main beverage and the main sewer of London wvill a few years hence be a thing almost incredible. It is bad enough to make its principal river the main sewer of any metropolis, but the Thames was necessarily the very worst sewer possible, looking at it simply from an engineer's point of view, for, instead of its contents flowing at the rate of one or two miles an hour, as in any ordinary drain, they have been found to flow at the average rate of about half a mile a-day, carried up and down with the tide, twelve miles one way and twelve the other, for days and weeks together, so that the very evil which it was our object to remove, the malaria of filth, was kept among us by the very means upon which we depended for its removal; and not only so, but kept among us in precisely the most favourable condition for its fulI development-we mean, exposed in some of the densest parts of the city to every influence that could convey the noxious effiluvium most certainly to its work of destiuction. It must be evident, too, that while this state of things Lasted every effiort to effect sanitary improvements only increased the general evil, for every new sewer carried new pollution to that which was but a little less filthy than a sewer itself. At length, after much difficulty, our sanitary doctors were convinced that they had been proceeding upon a wrong principle, and that Father Thames, intrusted with the refuse of London, was little better than that miserable SisYPHrus condemned to roll the stone. As the latter rolled the stone up the mountain only to see it roll down again, the former rolIs the garbage down the stream only that his waves may roll it up again. This mischief must be stopped; the Thames must be purified; and, as in duty bound, the Board of Works-the third of its race-has set itself in earnest to consider the most feasible method of accomplishing this result. The report of MrE. BAzAiGETTE, read on Friday last, has reference to the drainage only of the Surrey side of the river, the side, however, that needs it most; and some idea of the magnitude of the undertaking may be formed when we state that the cost will fall little short of a million. The estinate of the engineer is 830,0001., but, as few public works in this country are constructed without in some way exceeding the estimates, we are probably not far -wrong in using the round number. The drainage, _ which by the way is to be prepared for a much more dense population than at present exists in many parts of the area through which it is to pass, is to be conducted through a high level sewer and a low level sewer. The former is intended to divert the sewage and rainfall of a district containing nearly 15 square miles. Commencing at Clapham, and connected with Brixton, Camberwell, Peckham, and New-cross, with a branch from Dulwich, it proceeds to Deptford, where during heavy rains it is to discharge its storm-waters by overflow into Deptford-creek. Here also it is to be joined by the low level sewer. This, which drains a district which may eventually extend over 22 square miles, so as to include Richmond, commences in Putney, and, intercepting in its course all the main sewers near the river Thames, will proceed to Deptford, a distance of nine and a-half miles, where, being about 20 feet below the high level sewer, its contents will be pumped into the latter, and the united streams flow on across Plumstead Marshes to a point opposite to Barking-creek, where the level will be that of low water at spring tides. Now, it is necessary to discharge this sewage, not at low water, but within from two to four hours of high water, as it has been found that " the delivery of " the sewage at high' water into the river at any "point is equivalent to its discharge at low water "at a point 12 miles lower down the river." Therefore, at Plumstead a large covered reservoir is required, capable of containing 4,000,000 cubic feet, togetlher with powerful engine3 to pump the sewage up, the ground for reservoir, engines, and pumps occupying about 15 acres,;-all this at a cost of nearly a million. If we have any immediate criticism to offer upon so vast a scheme, it must take the form of an interrogation rather than of a decided opinion. Let it be granted that Barking-creek is the most convenient point for dischargini6 the sewage into the Thames, that the levels chosen aud the directions of the drains are perfectly correct, still we should like to know whether the best thing we can do with the drainage of London is to cast it into the river? At a time when shipowners find it profitable to send to the uttermost ends of the earth for manure, and when we are. straining every nerve to increase the fertility of the soil. it certainly seems wasteful that 'we should, .-.t an enormous expense, collect the sewage of the metropolis, rich with animal and vegetable refuse, only to throw it away. It is only of late years that we have come to appreciate fully, through agricultural chymistry, the uses and importance of manure; and as farming becomes more scientific we may expect that appliances will become more abundant for the distribution of every element that may invigorate the soil. But even with our present knowledge the farmers surely appreciate the value of such a fertilizer for their fields; it is not impracticable to distribute any more than to collect it; and it is absurd that our whole efforts should be directed to the enrichment of meadows at the bottom of the Thames, 'which geologists tell us May turn up some thou3snds of years hence. A million of money for draining only one side of the river is a sum so large that it would surely be worth-while to make some effort to reduce it. We have hitherto abused the sewerage of- London and nade it a pest. It is now proposed to render it utterly useless as well as harmless. May it not be possible to. alopt a inidlecourse, and to find a use in what c-'s5 uis Fc aiuch trouble2
1 LATEST IN-TELLIGENCZ THE EAST. , .(im MMMMINZ A?-M MRITISIM TI"GRAM) -We have received the following telegra&hic destch from our Marseilles oorrespondent "XA1RSEl:L;S, Su-DAY, A?xzL 6, 750 p.v "The Tage has arlived with advices from Constantinople of the 27th, and from the Crimea of the 25th nIt. " Despatches leave at 8 p.m. " The steamer New York has arrived from Conxtantinople -with 332 convalescenta on board." RUSSIA. We have received the following telegraphic de. spatch from our Berlin correspondent "BERLIN, SU' AY, Arnu 6. " Advices from St. Petersburg state that theproIhibition of the export of Russian produce from Russia is repealed. " The manning of the Russian row-boat flotilla has been suspended." We have received the Monitur of yesterday. It publiihes the following:- " Awaiting the ratification of tho taty of pea, x aritime armistice has been conduded between Prance, Great Britain, Sardinia, and Turkey on the one hand, and Russa on the other; it has consequently been agreed that the prizes made after the signature of the treaty shall be restored; that orders shall be issued for the immediate raising of existing blockades, and that the prohibitive meares taken in Russia against the exportation during the war of Rusian preduce,. and es_ecialy that of com, shall be liLewise repealed without delay. The consular duties and requisito formalities as regards shippers and traders wvihbe provisionally performed by the agents of the Powers who consented during the war to talco Charge ofcicEeusanent of the interests of the subjects of the belli. gerent States."'
COURBT CIRCULAR. The Right Eon. C. P. Villiers, Judgo Advocate-General, Lud an audience of the Queen on Saturday at Buckingham Palace, and subnmitted to Her Majesty the proceedings of some courts-martial. His Royal Hiignuess Prince Albert presided on Saturday morrnig at a mneeting of the Governors of the Wellington College. His Royal Highness arrived at the New Palace of Westminster at U. oclock, attended by Colonel F. H. Seymour. The Governorspresentwere, hisRoyalEilhneasthe Duke of Cambridge, the Archbishop of Cauter Vil, the Dukeof Northumberland, the Marquis of Salisbury, the Earl of Derby, the Earl of Ellesuere, the EUght Hon Spencer Walpole, Sir Howard Douglas, Part., lir. Henry Richard Cox, and the Rev. G. R. Gle g.A. lar. Chance, the secretary, was present, and Mr. Shaw, the architect, was also in attendance. The meeting broke up at 1 o'clock. The Queen, with the Prince of Wales and Prince Arthur, attended by Lady macdonald, took a drive in the afternoon In an open carriage-and-four. Lord Alfred Paget and Major-General Buckley attended on horseback. The Prince Consort rode on horsebacl, attended by his Equerry in Waiting. Prince Arthur and the Prinoesses Helena and Louisa visited the Zoologicl Gardens in the Regent'sPark. Prince Leopold visited her Royal aighness the Duchess of Kent at her residence, Clarence-house, St. James's. The Princess Gauromma, of Coorg, visited the Royal Princesses at Buclingham Palace. The Queen had a dinner prty in the evening. The com. panyincluded their Royal 2ighnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Princess Royal, andtheDuke of Cambridge, theIarland Countess of EIgin, Lady Fanny Howard,.Baroaess de Speth, Viscornt and Viscountess Hardinge, the Right Hon. C. P. VilMiers, General Baron Smola, Colonel Wurnub, and Captain Wissiak (of the Austrian Service), Colonel Bingbam (Royal Artillery), and the Equerry to the Dike of Cambridge. The band of the Grenadier Guards was in attendance, and played a selection of unsic during dinner, including SbeO Bouquet National-The Thistle. Sharock. aodEose.-.-&hott. Yesterday HIer Majesty and his Royal- Highness the Prince Consort, the Prince of of Wales, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, the Princess Alice, the Duchess of Kent, with the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Court and the Domestic Household, attended Divine service in the chapel of Buckinghain Palace. The Hon. and Very Rev. thoDean of Windsor officiated. * Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited the Duchess of Glocester at Glocester-house on Saturday. Meetings of the Oxford University Commission were held at Nto. 17, Great Queen-street, Westminster, on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. Present-the Earl of Ellesmere, the Earl of Harrowby, the Bishop of Ripon, Mr. Justice Coleridge, the Hon. Edward Twisleton, the Dean of Wells, Sir John W. Awdry, and the Secretaries. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt held a quarterly meeting on Saturday at the Treasury. Present-the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Governor of the Bank of England and the Deputy-Governor ; Sir Alexander Spearmnai, Secretary and Cotroller-General to the Commissioners attended. Degpatches were sent on Saturday from the Colonial-offico to the governors of Awtralia.
We have reason to believe that at a meeting of the Privy Council, which will be held on Tuesday next, am the existing prohibitions -vith regard to taide with Russia will be immediately rescinded. It will be evident at once that the Government, in adopting this determination, have acted in a way -which will best serve the interests of the commercial comrnunity, since to maintain the prohibitions referred to after the blockade in the Baltic had been raised would only throw the whole of the spring trade vith Russian ports into the hands of neutrals. A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. Tha Ministers present were-Viscount Palmerston, tho Lord Chancellor, the Maraiiis of Lansdowne, Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood. the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Duke of Argryll, and the Right Hon. A!L T. Baines. The Council sat two hours and a-half. DOw:nzG-STEET G-ANnzGs.-The sentence of death passed upon Hans Hansen, who was convicted at the last Cornwall Assizes of the murder of one of his comnides, belonging to a German battalion quarteredat Plymouth, has been commuted to transportation for life.. The offence was committed when both the prisoner and the deceased, who had previouslybeen on friendly terms, were in a state of drunkenness, and there is good reason to believe that there was an absence of that premeditation on the part of the prisoner which is necessary to constitute the crime of murder. The Sheriffs of London and Middlesex have sent in their report to the Secretary of State. in reference to theunhappy circumstances attending the execution of the murderer ]3ousfield, at the Old Bailey, on Monday last. The sheriffs report that Calcraft the executioner was unnerved by a letter which he had received from a party of "roughs," threatening his life on the scaffold, and that the unhappy circumstances of the execution were aggravated by the physicalprostration of the wretchedvictimwhen brought up for execution. The Earl of Caithness has been appointed Lord-in-Waiting, in the room of Lord Listowel, deceased. 1r. G. M. Dowdeswell, of the Oxford Circuit, has been appointed Recorder of Newbury, in the place of Mr. H. S. Selfe, who has resigned, on being appointed one of tho metropolitan magistrates of police. Mr. J. T. Kinnersly, of the Common Law bar, is anpointed police magistrate for Birmingham. Major Hermanu, now Her Majesty's Consul at Tripoli, is appointed Consul-General to that State. The Queen has appointed the Rev. RF S. Horne to the parish of Llmnanan, in tho presbytery of Linlithgow- the vRe. C. Maclean to the parish of Ullapool, in the presbytery of l.ochcarron- and the Rev. David LJandaU to the united parishes of 'Ancbteivavend Logiebride. The Queen haa presented the Rev. Iniilius Bayley, rectr of Woburn, to the vicarage of St. teorge's, Bloomabury, oL the recommendation of the Lord Chancellor. Sir William A'Beckett is appointed judge of the Vice-Adnmiralty Court of the colony of Victoria. Mr. J. D. Pinnock is appointed registrar of the Vice-Admiralty Court of the oolony of Victoria. Mr. EatonEdevaine, Mr. Henry R. Barrow, and Mr. Frederick S. Tanner, are appointed third-claae clerks at the Ad. miralty, Somerset-house. Mr. J. D. Miller is appointed third-class clerk in leptford-dockyard; hM. W. J. Taylor, third-class clerLcin Chatham-docLyard; and Mr. Edwin A. Lang, third-class clerk in Sheernes-oclcyard.. Mr. B. :] Jones is appointed to be Admiralty storekeepr aud agent victualler at Trinoomalee.-Observc,- THE Nisw m oroL=Ax CA.TI?-uAaKErr.-The report of the Markets Improvement Committee, referred to in the account of the proceedings of the last Court of Common Council, states that the works of the market are nearly approaching completion, but that a smn not exieeding 20,000 wsill be require fnally to finish them, The co=nmitt,ee, therefore, after mentioning the circumstances in detai, recommend thatthey should be authorized to raise the sum of 20,ODOL, in addition to the amount already granted by the Couxt, in order to complete the market and its appurtenances. In another repoxr of the same date (the 27th of IfMarch) the committee state that the market has been exceedingly wellattended, and that the business has satisfactorily progressed, being quite equal to that formerly trnsacted at 2mithfield. From the statement annexed to the report it appears that, after paymeut of the expenses incurred for rates, gas,water, &c., and of wages and incidental charges, there is a balance of about 8,000. to be placed under the control of the Markets Committee, and the comrmittee recommend that they should be authroized to drawa upon the city cash for the paymeet of the expenses hitherto incurred in respect of the revenue account to Christmas last, and that the manaement of the market should be placed in the hands of the Markets Comnsittee. HEA=IH or ME. BRtIGET, M.P.-Our readers ill be glad to learn that the health of our esteemed representative, John Bright, Esq., is gradually although slowly improving. - We only give utterance to the generst feeling of th country when ve erpress the hope that his present enforced withdrawal from the tear and wear of Parlia- nentary lite may be attended by the happiest resultt, and that he may cre long be again m possession of his nan good hcsl Jha-1ifflkstCr Rmincr of Statrday.
AMERICA. We have three arrivals to notice from the UInitedl States, the Edinburgh screw-steamer, which left Wew York on the 22d ult., and arrived in-the Clyde an Friday night, after a passage of 13 days 7 hours,1 during which she had to sail 350 miles southorly out of her usual course to avoidc masses of ice; the :Bermann, which left also on the 22d ult.; and the ioyal mail steamship Arabia, which left New York on the 25th nlt. The Hermann has brought 52 passengers and a freight of $50,000 in aSeCie for London, and the usual cargo. The Arabia has brought 125,000 dollars on freight. The Persia, nence, arrived at New York on the 20th, and the Quaker City, hence, on the21stult. All hopes in reference to the safety of the Pacific Laad gradually disappeared, and the return of the Arctic without having seen any vestige of the illfated vessel materially assisted this conclusion. In the Senate M1r. Clayton had concluded his speech on Central American affairs. He stated:- " On the authority of Vanderbilt, the President of tho 2!ransit Coam,any, that there never was any act on the part -of that company which in any manner encouraged Walker's Iuvasion of Nicaragua. He referred to Walkeres seizure of the company's property, amounting to nearly $1,000,000, nd read letters fromn Mr. Vanderbilt to Secretary frcy, in which the former asks for the interposition Eof the United State.' Government for redress. The seizure was made on the ground that the company was indebted to Nicaragua. He (3r. Vanderbilt) denied such indebtedness, and refused to subumit to the award of azbitrators-as the charges were utterly false. With regard to the settlement of our differences with England three propositions had been made. Arbitration could not be coun. tenanced because the passaeo of the Isthmus was necessary for us, and not for Great Britain, and because V ith an im. cartial umpire our case would be clear. Abrogation of the treaty v would give a chance to Great Britain to get posses. *ions where she could annoy us, and, as to giving notice to OGreat Britain to vacate the premises, it was not proper to do no at present. He proposed to continue the negotiation with the hope of bringing Great Britain to reason by arguanent. Meanwhile, we should arm in our own defence, iDrotect our coast, build fortifications, and increase our navy; not, however, to make our country rival Great Bzitain. We should take time to do this. It was our right to do so, war or no -ar. This was the worst time we could enge in a w,arvith Great Britain. She v.asarmedcup-a-pi, capable of throwing 400C0 troops from the Crimea on our coast, and with the greatest naval equipment ever knowrn in the history of the world, w.hile we arze almost defenceless. If Great Britain should see we were resolved to enforce our rights by pursuing the doctrine laid down by Washington-i in time of peace pre- s ;re for war,'-should see we were building up our fortifications and inaval power, the people of England would compel their Government to yield its positions. Since the publication of the correspondence between Lord Clarendon and :?r. guchanan, pubEc opinion in England had been rapidly tending towards an acknowledgment of the justice of our ,construction of the treaty. He (M1r. Clayton) had received on this point such information as left no doubt of the fact that our appeal must be from the British Ministry to the British people, who wished to engage in no unjust war with us. At any rate, be the consequences wvhat they may, if we were driven to the alternative-disgraceful submission or war -wd must fight. He could not, however, believe there w,as winy real danger of w ar. If Senators and representatives stood firm and presented an undivided front-if weall agreed on ouar rights, and manifested a determination to enforce them, they wvould he respected. The British people would urt=n any Minstry oult rather than fight wsith such a nation -as ours." In the House of Representatives the debates on the Kansas election case had been brought to a close, after a discussion of 10 days' duration, by the adop-tion of 3Ir. Dmum's motion to appoint a conmittee of three to proceed to Kansas and investigate all the facts, charges, and statements connected with the Teturn of the rival candidates. The Naval Appropriation Bill and the bill authorizing the construction of 10 sloops of wvar were re3?orted. A bill providing for the reduction of the tariff on imports had been introduced by Mr. Tames, of Rhode Isla2d. This bill the Washington <,orrespondent of the Boston Daily Adrertiser states will be thrown out of the Senate. The Washington correspondent of the .Yew York IeI-caid reports that Judge Lecompte, of Kansas, had caused the indictment of the members of the Free State Legislature which assembled at Topeka on the 4th iilt., several of them had been arrested, 3cnd others had left the territory. A bill has been reported in the New York Senate to incorporate the Transatlantic Telegraph Com- aany, with a capital of $11,000,000. It is stated to be the purpose of' the company to establish telegraphlic communication between the continents of :Europe and America, with liberty to construct any other line or lines betw-een the points where the maintrunk across the Atlantic shall touch North America, or anyother point in the United States that may be determined on by the companv. The works upon the Adriatic, the new steamer for the Colliuns line, were rapidly advancing to'vards completion. It was expected she -would be ready for laumching on the 5th inst. In the Maritime Court at New York, in a suit brought against the British Consul to recover $500 alleged to be due to the plaintiffs for the services rendered and moneys expended under a contract to procure men for enlistment in the British army, the Consul, through his counsel, pleaded the privileges of his official position, and the Judge, sustaining ithe objection, dismissed the case. A fearful catastrophe had occurred to the ship John Rutledge by running- ilto an iceberg while on her passage from Liverpool to New York. This vessel left Liverpool for New York on the 16th of January with 119 passengers. On the 18th of 3?ebruary, in hat. 45 34, long. 46; 66 NY., she fell in swith the ice; on the 19th she entered a field of ice, but clearsd it. Soon afterwrds, however, on the zame day, she encountered an iceber 'which stove a hlole in her bo-w and damaged her to such an extent that at 6 o'clock she was a complete wreck, and evidently sinking. Nothing remained but for those on board to abandon the wreck as best they could. Five boats were lowered, folur of which took loads and left. In the fifth boat, which was the one found by the Germania, the mate of the John Rutledge, er. Atldnson, and several others were just entering, when it broke adrift v.ith the 13 already in it, leaving the mate and those with him to go -doWn -ith the wreck. Those in the boat, now puoled it through the water and ice as well as they *.vere able; but soon their compass wasbroken, and anmid the snowing and cloudyweather which followed they knew not which way they wvent. Days passed on, and one by one of the 13 in the boat sank in death, from the combined effects of cold and starvatoln, and were thrown overboard, until on the 28th of February MIr. Nye, with the fourlatest dead,among whom was ZIrs. Atkinson, the wife of the mate,-was picked up by the Germania, from EIavre for New Yorkk. Late accounts from Ilorida state that an attack had been made by the Indians on the settlers on the Alafia, about 30 miles east of Tampa. Four men, one woman, and three children were killed and acalped, their houses burnt, and all the outrages and 'barbarities that savages could invent committed. Several persons had been injured on the Troy and (ireenbush Railwyay by the breaking of a forward -wheel of the engine, by which it and a luggage-car were thrown off the track. From Havannah we have advices to the 12th of :MIarch. The absence of the Captain-General had been taken advantage of by the slavedealers to effect the landing of a cargo of negroes at Sierra iorena the previous week. A Dominican friar named Huelves died on the !Nth at Guanabacoa at the age of 117. The Archbishop of Cuba had entirely recovered from the effects of the wound recently inflicted upon him by the hand of a cowardly assassin. The President of the Spanish Bank of Havanresh had published a call, requiiring 25 per cent. of the -amount of shares subscribed to be paid in within 15 days of the date of such order. The business of the week showed a tendency downward in the prices of staple sugar, and before it closed it was eexpected that the reduction would amount to nearly $1 per quintal. The American steamer Ericsson has been char- tered for the Collins line, to replace the Pacific, an?d -was to leave New York for Liverpool on the 29th Wt. Further Havannah dates had been received to the 0th-tilt. There is no political or commercial news. 'The English fleet still remained in port, and there -was nothing said of thereported descent upon Wica-a-gu. The Potomac and Cy-ne were at Ha-vameiah. News from Texas to the 13th ult. states that 1Indian depredations continued. Creat fears were entertained at New Orleans of n - verflow of the Mississippi river. 12a1taienco from Portg Cabello to tho 9th tllt, state that trade was active, the supply of coffee large, and the country very quiet. Coffee commanded high prices. The Legislature had authorized the President to negotiate with New Granada and Ecuador for the re-establishment of Colombia. . A letter from the Monnon settlement says that application vill soon be made to Congress for the admission of the territory into the Union as a sovereign State. The ship Cornelius Grinnell, 60 days from Lonldon, had arrived at New York. The ship Harvest, 90 days from Liverpool, had arrived at the Capes of virRinia. The brig Peerless, 70 days from Cardiff, bound for New York, put into Ralifax on the 18th lat., short of provisions. Shoreportedhavinghpoken the brig Erie on the 17th, 20 miles south of Samborough, 60 days from St. Domingo, bound for Boston, also short of provisions. The Erie had lost all her crew, with the exception of three men. A quantity of snow had faUen at New York and neighbourhood. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGELNCE. The demand for money was not active, but rates wrere firm. The last statemnent was less favourable thanwas anticipated. The *disbursement of $1,000,000 by the SubTreasury on account of the Mexican indemnity was ex. pected to increase the specie fund of the Bank at least one million, while the actual increase compared with last wetk was only $324,000, although loans had not been further extended. Fancy stocks dropped, butwesternsecuritieswere finn, with an upward tendency. State stocks had been sold to the amount of $31,0O0 at last prices. The transactions in railroad bonds had been extremely limited. Foreign exchange was steady, there being a better supply of second class bills offering, but, with a good demand, rates wore unchanged- on London, 1094 to 109O; Paris, 5 20 to 5 17A. The feeling in the cotton-market was quiet. The dermand for flour was good, and prices were firm-commnon to good brands of State flour at $6; Western mixed, $6 56&c. to $6 S7Ac. ; Southern, $7 SOc. to $8. There -was nothing doing - in wheat. Sales of pork were moderate, at $15 814c. for mess and $15S for foreign prmne. Bacon wfas comparatively scarce, anld prices weore w.ell supported. Lar and tallow w-ere declining. Scotch pig-iron was held firmly at 336 to 3:37 at si c months. Naval stores were quiet. There was no change of importance in freights. LATEST BY TELEGRAPIH, VIA HALIF NEW ORLEAN?S, MARciI 26, EvENLG. Sales of cotton to-day 1:3,000 bales. Sales in three days, 49,000. Market firm at i cent advance; middling quoted at 9a cents to 9; cents. NEW YORK, 3LARCu 27, EVYNiG. Later European news has been published per steamer Emeu, arrived at Boston. Our cotton-market continues firm, wvith an active export demand. Sales during the past three days (Tuesday, W7ednesday, and Thursday), 13,000 bales. Flour. and corn are quoted a trifle lower. Wheat finn and upwards. 1,250,000 dolars in gold have been received here since Tuesday.
GBNERAL IALL AND GENERAL CAVENDISHf. TO THE EDITOR OF THIE TDIES. Sir,-I rely on your impartiality to insert in your journal this statement oi the whole case between myself and General Hall, v:hich I have endeavoured to make as short as is consistent with clearness. I have no alternative but to make this Appeal to the public, inasmuch as the Commander-in-Chief has expressed to me his opinion that the insuperable difficulties *which in the first instance prevented a trial by Court-martial are in no respect removed. I renewled the application for a public trial on oath, because I understood tbat the Commanderin-Chief, after the decision by the Court of Inquiry, had warned General Hall that any imputation against me wvould render him liable to be brought to account for it before a military tribunal; and I and my friends certainly coiisidered that General Hall, in attempting to vindicate himself in the columns of your paper, had covertly revived the slander by makilng a partial and ez xarte statement vvhich did not present the case in its true light to the public. I had been 25 years a field-officer, and the last nme years in command of the 1st Life Guards, when at the Brevet of 1846 my promotion to be a General O'fficer removed me from the regument. I had the good fortune to be on the most friendly terms with my brother officers-umtil latterly, fvhen a ccolness arose towards -me on the part of the two officers inmmediately in succession, arising from an exchange between an officer of the Line and myself being contemplated, in consequence of my not being able to arrange with the above two officers. This ccolness, so far as regarded Colonel Ral (at that time the reglinental major) was increased by my enforcing certain points of duty, and refusing him leave of absence, on grounds which were sanctioned by the Adjutant-General. After I quitted the regiment I perceived with regret that the coohness extended to other officers. I attributed this feeling to their being misled by erroneous impressions, the effect of 'which I trusted would naturally wear off upon reflection, and sooner tham if noticed by me. On the 10th of November, 1852, I was appointed by the General Commanding in Chief to the unsolicited command, at the Dlke's funeral, of three squadrons of Household Cavalry. The finueral too]; place on the 18th of November; until the 39th of -November I was totally without a slhadowv of suspicion that there existed any imputation againsL me. I was astonished then to learn from my eldest son that he had just heard that Colonel Hall had accused me to Lord Hardinge of having written anonymously to the late Duke, and had refused to serve under my command on the day of the funeral. I collected tne best information I couild as to the character and circumstances of the charge against me, and I then found to my surprise that I had been for five years under this accusation. I wrrote to the Commander-in-Chief as follows "B urEngton-gardens, Nov. 25, 1852. "My Lord,-It having been reported to me that upon your Lordship selecting me for employment on the occasion of the Duke of Wellington's funeral Colonel Hall, of the 1st Lifc Guards, represented to your Lordship that, in consequence of certain anonymous letters addressed to tho late Commander-in-Chief, and which he (Colonel Hall) attribuited to me, he could not serve under my command,-an imputation of which I was totally i'norant until within these few days,-I have the honour, dterefore, earnestly to request your Lordship will cause a public, solemn, and immediate investigation to beinstituted on this most odious, malignant, and secret charge, as destructive of my reputation as a gentleman and an officer of some standing in Her Majesty's service, and 'which, it n'eed scarcely be added, I most emphatically and indignantly deny." On the 2d of December, 1852, the Military Secretary informed me that the Commander-in-Chief, after giving full consideration to my application, was of opinion that the only mode of investigation which in a military course of proceeding could be adopted was a court of innquiry. On the 4th of December, in reply to the Military Secretary, I suggestedwhether the General Commanding-in-Chief would not arrive at a more perfect and final solution of the question through the medium of a General Court-mar-tial on charges preferred ex officio against Colonel Rail for traducing and defaming my character, or (reversing the proposition) by charges against myself "for writing anonymous letters to the injury of Colonel Hall's character." I was permitted to attend with friends at the Horse Guards, and there found that there were two anonymous letters,-one dated the 15th of November, 1847, and signed "Martha Baker," and the other dated the 1st of September, 1848, and signed "MAartha Long." We. were all struck with some degree of resemblance of my handwriting and an attempt at imitation of its peculiarities. We were afterwards allowed access to papers wvhich showed that the anonymous letter of the 15th of November, 1847, had been given to Colonel Hall, who, on the 3Cth of November, 1847, had written a full reply, denying the charges in the anonymous letter; and on the 3d of December the late Adjutant-General had written that the Duke was satisfied with the answers. All the other I -matters (save one) set forth in the anonymous letter his Grace thought undeserving of any remark. And as to the one excepted niatter, Colonel Hall had admitted it, and the letter of the AcdjutantGeneral said that the practice admitted was one open to great abuse, and one which on every ac- j count a commanding officer ought to carefully forbid, and never to lend himself to, directly or indirectly. The other letter, of the 1st of September, 1848, was a long rambling letter of 13 pages, With the same imitation of my writing, but not to so great an extent. There were 21 matters of attack against Colonel I all and the whole of the officers, some of the most I truinpery kind, and none, as it appeared to us, of a serious character, except the first, wwhich Colonel Rall had before admitted, and which was still repeated in this letter; and the last, which imputed to Colonel Hall what no gentIeman who knows him could believe (or could suppose that any other peraori would believe) him to bo capable. AU these charges appeared to have been investigated, and satisfactorily dispowed of. It further appeared that in March, 1848, papers had been handed in to the Horse Guards from Colonel Hall, from which it was clearly seen that ColonelHall had directly accused me of beng the writer of the first anonymous letter; and this is, in fact, avowed by General Hall in his letter to you. And as he states in that letter that he had taken means to prevent the possibility of my signature ieingseento thetwo lettersof mine to which he theremn alludes, I therefore thlink it right to state that we found at the Horse GEuards that the letters alluded to had each a thin piece of paper over the signature, which paper was only wafered at each end. One of the letters had my address, and the contents of both letters clearly showed me-to be the writer, and the signatures could be readily seen by lifting up the paper covering the signature or hoIding the letter to the light. My friends and myself, after perusal of these papers, were convinced of the deep vilany of the writer of these letters, and of its obvious success in my late regiment, and we were de6irous more and more every day of an open inquiry. I therefore renewed, somewhat pertinaciously, my application for a court-martial which would have been public and on oath. It may be sufficient to say that it appears by the corresp)ondence that Viscount Hardinge was advised that the only military tribunal before which the investigation of the case in its then present shape could be had was a court of inquiry; and in one letter there was the following passage:- "Viscount Hardinge considers that a tribunal of this nature, composed of officers of high standing and reputation, is fully competent satisfactoily to exonerate you by the expression of its opinion from imputations 'which, if unfounded, are so grievous for an honourable man to bear, and which, in his Lordship's opinion, should never be made except on conclusive grounds." I and my friends had no alternative but to submit to the tribunal offered, which I agree with you to be less satisfactory than an open tribunal on oath. On the 5th of April the Court of Inquiry met. My friends-all men of scrupulous honour-had thoroughly investigated the matter. They had all examined the letters with the greatest care; they had inquired into every circumstance or paper which would throw light on the subject. A statement was prepared, which I am afraid is too long for me to ask you to introduce it. In this. statement my friends were- able to show from external evidence how impossible it was that I could be the writer of these trumpery, but shameful letters. They showed that about a week before the 18th of November, 1852, I had received an anonymous IBtter, which began with the words, " blartha Baker, beware 1" the fkst two words being the signature of the first anonymous letter. They showed how completely I had been unconscious of the meaning of this letter until I saw the anonymous letter, signed "Mblartha Baker," at the Horse -Guards. They showed that in the autumn of 1846, when I was in coammand of the 1st Life Guards, an anonymous letter, under the false signature of " James Clark," was referred by the Duke of Wellington to me as the commanding-officer, which reIlected on a non-commissioned officer in the regiment, and had been the subject of inquiry and communication. The facts in this statement were wholly uncontradicted. The statement pointed out how improbable it was thataGeneralOfficerof myrankandconnexions could condescend to anonymous letters, equally vulgar in style and puerile in accusations. It dwelt on the fact of the intimate acquaintance of the late Lord Raglan with ny handwriting, and on the knowledge which 1 must have had in 1847 (from the experience of what had been done with the letter signed " James Clark" in 1846) that any letter addressed to the Duke would be sent to Colonel Hall, and it pointed out the absurdity of supposing that I should write a letter with the exaggeration of my peculiarities (which alone gave it any sort of resemblance to my writing) to the Horse Guards, where my writing was so well known. It showed that the accusations in the letter equally affected myself as the late commanding officer of the regiment, and it sucggested how impossible it was that I could have known the main accusation, which Colonel Hall had admitted, unless I had known it as commanding officer, when it would have been unnecessary to have resorted to the Horse Guards, because I might have dealt with it myself. It pointed out the absurdity of supposing that if I had been guilty of the first letter I should have written a second letter 10 months afterwards, as my conscience would have warned me that the increased coolness of the officers of my late regiment was owing to their suspecting me to be the wiziter of the first letter. It referred to my uneonsciousness of the meaning of the anonymous letter which I had lately received, as being totally irreconcilable with my having written the first anonymous letter, which alone made it intelligible. That anonymous letter, when made intelligible by its reference to the anonymous letter sig,ned "Martha Baker," was evidentlythe writing of some personwell acquainted with the latter letter; and it was always a very strange circumstance in this painful business that there were no less than four anonymous letters in connexion with my late regiment. I pledged my honour before the Court to the total denial of the letters being known to me, or of my. having the least idea of being suspected of. such disgraceful conduct, until after the duLe's funeral. I tendered myself for examination. I called before the Court the Duke of Devonshire, the head of my family, andmy brother, and three of my sons, Frederick, Francis, and George, late a Captain in the 1st Life Guards. I called my brothersin-law, the Earl of Orford andMr. Hedworth Lambton, and my stepson, Mr. Frederick: Howard. I called my earliest and most intimate friends-the Duke of Bedford, Mr. Vyner, and Mr. De Horsey. The late gallantMarquis of Anglesey, who had known me since I served with him in Portugal and Spain, voluntarily came forward as evidence in my favour, andhisson, the present Marquis,thentordtTxbridge, andmyexcellent and soundheadedfriend LieutenantGeneral Sir:Frederick Stovin,who was my coumsellor fronm the moment I first heard of the imputation against me, cordially gave the support of their evidence in complete refutation of the degrading charge which had been cast upon me. Mr. Elliott, the Secretary to the Clothing Board of General Officers (of which I had been appointed a member by the Duke on the 7th of February, 1848), begged to be permitted to record his evidence in my behalf. The two Messrs. Simpson, my agents for 35 years, their managing clerk, and my banker (who was also Colonel Hall's banker) gave evidence proving mndeniably that the letters were not written by me. Mr. Henry Adlard, the lithographer, and Messrs. Blott and Hamer, from the Post-office (all three most experienced in deciphering handwriting), gave evidence which directly negatived the reports of the two adepts upon which General Hall justifies his ex parte assumption of my guilt. I further called Mr. Shinn, from the office of Messrs Collyer, the army agents of my late reziment, who had had the letters submitted to him by Colonel Hall's solicitors, after having been cautioned by Colonel Hall to refresh his recollection of my handwriting by reference to letters written by me in their office, and whom Colonel Hall had not invited to attend because Mr. Shinn had honestly declared that the two letters were not my writing; and finaUy, I called my late lamented cousin, Lord Raglan, who gave his distinct testimony in my favour-witli whom I was in constant correspondence for 30 years, including 1847 and l848, and up to the time of his examination. These witnesses had most carefully and repeatedly examined the. letters word by word and letter by letter, and their evidence was most conclusive. The evidence of some of them was, to a certain extent, weakened, and that of Mr. Cox, the army agent, was altogether excluded on the technical and absurd ground that he had first seen lithographic cc si.mies of these papers. AdnmiralLordFrederick Haliburton deposed to my being incapable of writing an anonymous letter, but he was not sufficiently familiar wvith my writing to depose to it. I offered every information on every point and access to every letter and document in my posseasion. I There was nothingMlike partiality or screening; on the contrary, I hadcrepeated cause to lament, and my family and friends bitterly complain, that technical objections were allowed to prevail which were very vnfavourablu to tlhe fui elucidation of the caset and of which, as I thought, undue advantage was taken by Colonel REalL I and my friends certainly had expected that evidence so overwhelming would have satisfied even Colonel Rall, and that he would have seen that he had been induced by his augry feelings to fall haily into the trap which had been set for him by the miscreant writer who had determined by one blow to injure him and myself. My friends thought that such must necesfarily be the result after Lord Raglan and the regimental agent had so clearly negatived the opprobrious charge. During the whole of my statement and the evidence of my witnesses, there was no word of crinination of Colonel Hall or of the officers. Colonel Hall, however, renewed his attack upon me in a atatementin writing. Hetherein attempted to discredit the tesumony of my family and friends; -to destroy the presumption of my innocence from my position in society, by referring to the murder by a French duke, and the revolting crime of a bishop. Re contended that he was justified in thinking me guilty until I could prove that some other person wrote the letters. R1[e "stated unequivocally" (I use his own wording) "1 that from the vexatious and arbitrary conduct towards me of General Cavendish, my commanding officer, and, from my knowledge of his disposition, I suspected him to be the author of the anonymous letter." He took credit to himself for having insisted upon an inquiry being made in 1848, but he added that the Duke would have no inquiry. It did not appear to have occurred to General all, though it must be obvious to anyof your readers (whether military or civil) that there was one frank and gentlemanly course which he might '*ell have pursued in 188, when he and his brother officers had hastily formed so strong a belief that the anonymous letter. was in my wfriting-I svthat he oughrt to' have commnunicated with me at tSa ie eithter personally or through a friend, who might so readilyhave beeni found among those officers who had formerlyserved with us in the regiment. Whatever reasons or regard for the service might have influenced the late Duke to allow me to remain unustly in ignorance of such an imputation, such reasons did not apply to General Rail or my other late brother officers. He made the accusation at the Horse Guards, and gave the evidence (such as it was) behind my back. if he had made it' to my face, he would have given me the opportunity of vindicating myselfinI 84 as I did in 1853, from the ijustice of a slander to which he. had given a five years' growth; and I might have assisted him and my brother officers in detecting the miscreant wYho had written the letter at the time when it could alone be effectually done. He lay by watching the opportunity of reviving the slander. Re then taunted me with not being able to produce, after fivo years, the original writer. a nd, notwithstanding my denial and the evieelc' of my friends, he persisted in arguing that I must have known that I was suspected of this offeence, and he assumed my guilt, and then argued that my not contradicting what I did not know was confirmatory evidence of that guilt. Colonel alaU then examined Lord Combermere, and seven officers and one n6n7commissioned officer of the 1st Life Guards; and he examined two adepts; but he examined no other witnesses as to my handwriting. The other witnesses examined were persons to show that the letters were not the writing of other persons in the reg,iment, which he strangely argued to zbe conclusive that the letters were mine. General Hall omitted to call one of the officers who was cognizant of all that passed in 1848 at the Horse Guards, and whose evidence would have been most material on another point of the case. The testimony of the officers whom he did bring forward was, after all, mere evidenceof supposed similarity of handwriting avowedly formed in a hasty manner and on first impressions. They had never, but with one exception, been in the habit of regularly corresponding with me. There was noevidence given byanyoneof them to show that theyhad carefullyexaminedand comparedthewriting word by word and letter by letter either before or after pronouncing them to be written by me. It was painful for me to see gentlemen for whom I had an esteem (which they admitted on their examination to have been at none time mutual) so entirely misled by the trick o6f' a scoundrel, who, unfortunately, must have known how much the coolness of their feeling,s towards me would make them accessible to a belief that. I could be guilty of conduct of which they confessed they believed me to be incapable. General Hall, in his letter to you, has, I thin;k somewhat ungenerously. attempted to give force to the evidence of Corporal-Major Handley, because he was appointed by myself to the office of orderlyroom clerk. He has omitted to state how much he has been promoted by himself both before and since the inquiry. I believe Mr. Handley to have been equally entitled to the support which he has received both from me and my successors, and I do not impugn the honour of any of General Halrs witnesses. I say that they were misled, and even General Hall's own version of Mr. Randley's evidence shows that he especially adopted a hasty first impression. Colonel Hall, in a personal address which he made to the Court, avowed that he had shown the letters to above20 persons, notwithstanding his pledge of secrecy. But he did not call one of those persons. And, as you have assumed in your columns that Colonel Hall was an injured party, I have only to add that during the whole of the inquiry there was no imputation on my part ag,ainst General Hall except as a calumniator, and neither my friends nor myself gave a shadow of support to the absurd calumnies against my oldregimentin the anonymous letters. On the contrary, I gladly expressed before the Court of Inquiiry, and have pleasure still to express, my very sincere satisfaction that] the contsmptible attacks in those letters in no way affected the friendly feelings of the Great Duke towards my late reghnent. General Hall has given the judgment of the Court, but he omitted to give the letter which commiunicated the judgment to me. It is as follows:- "Horse Guards, April 22, 1853. "Sir,-I have received the commands of General Viscount Hardinge to forward to you the annexed copy of the opino4 of the Court of Inquiry given on the two polats submitted to their investigation, in which they distinctly declare that you were not the witer of certain letters addressed in the years 187 and 148 to the late Commander-in. Chief, the Duke of Wellington; and, secondly, that you were not cognizant of such letters having been written or seat to his Grace. "Viscount Hardinge has much satisfaction in conveying to you the deliberate opinion of three general officers of long tried experience, of the most scrnpulous honour, andof ligh professional reputation, who have exonerated youfrom the imputation of being in any way concerned in writing or sending anonymons letters to the late Duk-e of Wellington. " Viscount Hardinge deems it to be due to you to state that, as soon as yozu heard of these imputations, so seriously affecting your character as an officer and a gentleman, you immediately appealed to his Lordship, earnestly requiring that the opportunity should be afforded to you of vindicatin_. your character by an investigation before the most public and highest military tribunaL " You were informed that insuperable difficalties prevented a trial by court-martial, and whabn a court of inquiry was suggested, you assented to the proposaL " The arrangemnent wras also ready acquiesced in by Colonel Hall, both parties agreeing to the terms laid down by the General Commanding. in-Chief, that the opinion and inding of the Court were to be considered 9inal, as far as any future miltary investigation w as concerned. *" The General Conmmanding-in-Chief desires me to ad- vert to this point as an injunction laid d 'em before the inqiury was conenced, and by which you and Colonel H:iU both be guided. 'You are at liberty to make use of this letter. "I am further coamanded by Viscount Hardine to express to you his sincere gratification at th" result of the inquiry, by which a general officer of the army has cleared his character from very injurious imputations, the whole of which circumastancesit wil be his Lordship's datyhunmblyto report to Her Majesty on the earliest occasion. "I have the honour to be, Sir, "Your most obedient, humble servant, "RiCuAmiD AnEY, Colonel and MilitarySecretary. 'Major-General the Iron. H. C. Cavendish." On the 2d day of June, 1853, Her lajesty was pleased to sanction my appointment to the command of the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards. I think I have sufficiently shown that I am the aggrieved person, -and that General Hail is not entitled to the sympathy which you have bestowed upon limn; and I rely upon the impartial justice of the public for the vindication of my character from even a shadow of suspicion of the base conduct attributed to me. I feel aggrieved that General Hail's letter, though temperate in its terms, must obviously have beeni -intended to revive the slander against me, and to weaken the judgment of the general officeg. I I venture to affirm that his ready belief of my guilt aud the course which he took bWhind my bNwk to establish that belief at the Roise Guards; the publicity given by the letters boing shown to so maniy individuals ; the mode in which he hasaspokea of the affir dtiring thle five years and his re.viYa of it after the Duke's death, agaistpositiveinijnc.- i tions of secrecy; the who1ea of his proeedings during the inquiry ; and his revival of this slander (after the decsion of the general officers, and the high confirmationof my entire innocence by Ter faiesty's gracious appointment) can only be attributed to that angry feeling which, as he has avowed, fist led him to suspect me, and fully justify the strong expressions which my son, in vdicating ny honour made use of in his letter to Sir De LIacy } vans. General Hall has stated in his letter that he had an assurance that he was never to serve under me. The only person who had authority to Dave such an assurance was the late Duke. It may be difficult for General Hall to convince the world (to whom the Duke's reputation belongs) that so great a man could ever have been guilty of such an injustice to me, or to the service. Allow me to add, in conclusion, that when I began this letter I had intended to have sent you the several statements submitted to the Court and the minutes of the evidence given, but I have since determined, on the advice of my friends, to print and publish the whole proceedings, which I consider I have now the authority of the Horse Guards to do. As, however, this will take some little time;- from the voluminous character of the publication, I must request that you will give an early insertion of this letter. I am, Sir, your obedient. humble servan. HENRY V. C. CAVlFN1T.R UIeutenant-General, and Colonel 2d Dragoon GArds. Burlington-gardens, April 4.
11WL4A.N.. LAW APPOIU MN'TS. IDBTN, SATUIDAY Mo1imaG. (FRozO OU dWN CoRRESPOiNDENT.) The selection of Mr. Christian, Q.C., to fill the office of Solicitor-General has doomed to silence columns of hostile criticism which would have been sure to fiU the Irlish journals in the eveit of the mantle having fallen on the sho-ulders of anyone of the other candidates whose names- were mentioned in the early part of the week. The Bvening Mail of last night candidly admits that the qualifications which ought to be considered indispensable in aspirants to judicial stations are possessed in an eminent degree by Mr. Christian. This gentleman held the oftice of Serjeant-at-law for some time, but threw it up under circumstances highly honourable to his sense of professional duty. Since the establishment of the Encumbered EstatesCourt :BaronRichardshasbeen, of course, prevented from going circuit, and the duties of judge of assize necessarily devolved upon one of the three serjeants. Now, MIr. Christian's enormous practice is wholly conSined to the courts of equity, and, as the Chancellor sits nearly the whole time the assizes are being held, Mr. Christian felt that his temporary absence on crcuit could not fall to be injurious to the interests of his clients, so that rather than they should suffer any inconvenience he cast off the coif, andthus lost a step in the ladder of promotion. TEM ELEOcS.r: As an instance of the insane extremities to which political faction is not, ashamed to resort in order to carry out a tortuous Eine'of policy,the afatiom implores the electors of Enni ifbyany possible means -evenbyreturning Colonel Vandeleur-theyean, to eject the Attorney-General. Hitherto most persons here, Protestants noless than Roman Catholics regarded Mr. Fitzgerald as a perfect.ly' inoffensive politvician, and one whose high legal attainments fully qualified him for the post towhichhe has been elevated. Not so, however, thlink;s the organ of Ultramontanism run mad. IIis conduct in office (says that mild monitor) "only differed from Judge Keogh's in being more coldblooded, cunning, and base." What next ? The Limerkik Beporter of yesterday says:- " This morning, at half-past 10 o'clockl Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald, ILP., the new Attorney-General, accompanied by his brother-in-law, Mr. Charles Barry, barrister, proceeded in a carriage and four from this cty to Ennis, the representation of which is vacant by Mr. Fitzgerald's recent appointment. It is not believed there will be a contest in Ennis, and Mr. Fitzgerald's unopposed return for that borough on an early day in the ensaing weekis, in all likelihood, mostcertain. Weunderstandthatthe reception of the right hon. gentleman was flattering, and that the idea of opposition to him has not been entertained under present crcumstances2-'
.UNLIVEBSITY INTELLIGENOE. OXFORD AmPTtTr. fi The University sermons this day were preached, in the morning by the Master of Balliol College, and in the after noon by the Rev. W. Andrew of Worcester College. The Reader in Experimental Philosophy (Mr. Walker) proposes to commence a Course of Lectures on Zranklinic and Voltaic Electricity in the Clarendon on Friday the 11th inst., at 1 o'clock. The days and subjects of the course wil11 be as follows:FPriday 11.-Electrical excitation, conduction, &^c Monday 14.-Statement of theoprincipaT hypotheses, theory of the Leyden Jar, &c. Wednesday 16.-Phenomena of induction-importance of researches of Faraday, &c. Friday, 18th.-Phlrnomena of discharge, by conduction, disruption and convection. Monday, 21st.-Development of Electricity by steam. Atmospheric Electricity. Wednesday, 23d,-l)iscoveries of Galvari and Volta. Development of Electricity in a current form. Monday, 28th.-Different forms of Voltaic batteries, measurement of effects, &c. Wednesday 30th.-Theories to explain the development of Voltaic Electricity. Effects of large batteries, &c. Those gentlemen who wish to attend are requested to put down their names at the Lecture-room in the Clarendon on Thursday next, between the hours of 2 and 3 o'clock, or before the First Lecture. There will be an Election to one Scholarship at Wfdham College, on Monday, the 30th of June next. It will be open to Natives of Great Britain, under 19 years of a'e. Candidates are desired to call upon the 'Warden on 'Wednesday, the 25th of June, at 5 o?clock, bringing withthem certificates of their parents' marriage, and of their own age and baptism, as well as testimonials of good conduct. -
CAPRICES OF LEGIsL.TivB PrOtm TIOn .-Horace Walpole has an anecdote of a lady, who, upon hearing that some one had been killed by the bursting of a still, expressed a livelyindignation that Par3iamenthadnot made a law preventing stills' heads from blowing ap. This lady should have lived in ourtime, to see the interference of the Legislature carried As far as the heart could desire in certain special directions, but it must be confessed with some caprice about the objects of care. Sydney Smith used to say that he did not despair of seeing the Legislature undertake the sucIling of infants, and he was led to this expectation by its regulation of factories. Parliament cannot endure the thought of anything amiss in mills, no matter what goes wrong elsewhere. There alone no one is to be overworked, and no one is to be in danger of any injury. Machinery is to be boxed off, and fenced. Every one is to be kept out of harm's way. The law has, indeed, done so much for protection that no one knows what the law is, or what it is not. One inspector says ono thing, another the directly opposite. One judge decides one way, and two judges reverse his judgment. The millowner is the person on his own premises the least safe. No matter what, or' how, ho boxes o, he may find himself in the wrong box after alL He lives among the pitfaUs of the law, which he knows only by tumbling in. Yet there is more danger to every pedestrian daily in walking the streets of London than to the workpeople in any factory with the worst fenced machinery. It was but the other day that a gentleman dropped his cane just offt'ne kerbstone, and, stooping to piclc it up, he slipped, his head fell under the wheel of a wagon, and he was crushed to death. lEad an accident lhke this happened in a factory what an outcry would have been sed and how indig nantly it would have been asked why the wheel wasnot boxed off? One of our astronomers, who had just completed weighing the world, was carrying his work in his pocket, when he was run over by a post-officoe pony, and nearly hilled. But who crosses a thronged thoroughfare without danger to his life? And iE Parliament were as ful of concernfor the inhabitants of London as it is for the Ieople in factories, it would require the cagrnaeys to be fenced off from the footpaths, and bridges to be throwp over all the crossings. And this would not be all. How many dangerous practices are now permitted out of mills. Every day you see women sitting on windowledges with their bodies gaing outside while they am cleaning the glass, clinging on only by the legs. Frequently they lose their hold, fall, and are killed on the spot, or crippled for life. This common risk is to save some trifle to the housekeeper for glazier's work. If anything lke it were done in a nil, how the humanity of the land would be ontged, andhow the penalties of the law would be brought to beart There isI indeed nothing in the world so capricious as the care of the law, sometimes so active, sometimes soindiflerent, sometimes providing against the shadow of danger. sometimes tolerant of peril the most substantial andterrible. Do you enmigrate, how full of providence is the law for your safety ! I The ship must have a certain number oEf boats, with stowage for all, besides other precautions for shipwreck or fire. Bat if you take your passage in a apaclet thelaw does not care a fig whether you are drowned or roasted for want of the nmeans of escape. Who has not been in a salaU na&ke' wi,h thrice the number of pasisengers she has room for, an-i boats for aboat a tithe of the number? Tho care of tbe, law is clearly an exhaustibls thing, and if it bestows iA. - one direction superabundantly it cannot spare ar.j. in another. It has lavished ,earlyits whole stock on fA6ries because they are easilyv laid hold of, and medd3zg with them is inviting to o6liocus power. InterferenoQ!as, however, been pushed fthler than it can be borr, and hence 3ir. W. Patten's URil and its favourable r#mption. The object of this nasure is not to withdra'r any reonable and effective precaution rgainst accit.ent and protection agairst injurv, but to do away w:ch regulations purely vexatious to milhMwners, and not cjnduciye tO the safety of -the,i,r w'vv ep2-t?tS
AUSTRAUA. We have been favoured with a copy of the MbZbourne Herald of the 26th of January, being nearly one month's later intelligence than that brought by the Lightning. The present arrival is that of the Fiery Gross, which sailed from Port Phillip heads on the 27th of Jauuary, and arrived off Point de Galle on the 29th of Febrary, the quickest passage on record. - The Fiery Cross sailed from Liverpool on the 9th of October, three days after the Schomberg, and arrived of Port Phillip heads on the 29th of December, three days after the Schomberg was lod, .thuc establshing her character as one of the fastest Fhips afloat. We extract the following from the eZcebourne Herald of Saturday, January 26:- COM3MRCIAL nTEMGENWB. Melbourne, Tan. 25. We have no alteration to note in the gold-market. The entries for shipment at the Customhouse to-day consisted of 1,140 oz. 6 dwts for Sydney, 24 oz. for Liverpool, 6 oz. for Mauritius, and 2 oz. for Valpxraiso. I The arrivals for the week ended yesterday include two, ships from the united kingdom annd four from the United States of America. The imnigration for the week has been principally from the neighbourig colonies. Adelaide flour is coming to hand freely, and, with our own incoming harvest, must soon reduce the price to 251., which ws the rate anticipated for the end of January by wellinformed dealers. The Customs Bill of Entry for the week ended on Saturday last shows imports to the value of 404,373. and exports to the amount of 325,42S&. The quantity of golddust exported was 67,477oz., of which the banks shipped 48,388 or. The imports include 20,000 sovereigns drawn from New South Wales by the Oriental Bank, ana 395/t inported b the Union Bank from England. Tho imports of breadstus and other food (exclusive of groceries) were of the value of 57,4837., and of cattle provender, 15,49. Among the exports is the novel item of "Debentures, 10,000W.'-* curious addition to our localproduce for exportation! The official return of the immigration and emigration df this colony for the month of De)eember gives the following results:- ARRIVAIS. At Melboune. Geelong. OtherPorts. From New South Wales ... 736 ... 2 ... 1 South and West Aus- tralia ... ... 548 - 6 V, an Diemen's land... 329 16 30 New Zealand, &c. . . 8 - - ,, UnitedKingdom ... 1261 6 16 Foreign Forts ... 159 - 4 Totals ... ... 3041 24 57Of the above, 1,771 were adult niales, 238 male childrem under 14, and 34 male infants; the adult females number 871, female children 186, and female infants 22. DEPARTURMS. PromMelboure. Geelong. OLberparta. For NTOW South Wales ... 678 3 South and West Aus- tralia ... . .. 227 - - Van Diemen's Land .. 34 2 5 New Zealand, &c. 83 - - United kingdom 325 - - Foreign ports.. . 2413 - Totals . 1,898 5 5 Of the above, 1,500 were adult males, 87 male childrem under 14, and 10 male infants; the adult females number 252, female children 56, and female infants 3. aales. Females. Total arrivals ... 2,043 1,079 Do. departures ... ... 1,597 311 Balance in favour of the colony, 446 768 "Go'N74xN ESCOrTS. "The escorts from Mount Alexander and Baliarat arrived at the gold-office yesterday at the appointed hour, and brought the folloVing returns, viz. - Quantity. 1Tumber of Name of goldfield Gold. Cash. Iast receipt. Ozs. dwts. ; Castlemanio . 13,191 0 32,961 0 16,579 Sandhurst .. 6,S02 10 2,166 10 30,82L Ballarat ... ... 12,744 0 16,G81 10 3,816 AYoca ... ... 138 0 937 0 1,005 Creswick Creek .. 2,721 0 - 1,46S Amherst . . .. 3,132 10 - 424 Marlborough 3,186 10 23,263 0 3,013 Bathurst .. 212 0 335 0 Total ... ... 40,127 10 75,314 0
FATAL BOILER EXPLOSION AT PORTSMOUTH DJOCXYAI?D. A disastrous accident happened in this dockyard on Saturday afternoon by the bursting of a large boiler, causng the death of three men and serions minor injuries to 11 others. The scene of this catastrophe was the boiler-shed adjoining -the new smithy in which the Nasmyth steam-hammers were all worlked by the agency of the boilers in question. The explosion took place at a few minutes before 5 o'clock, when the men injured were washing themselves prior to "knocking offi" Had the accident happened six or seven minutes later, in all probability no one would have been injured, as the place would have been clear of workmen. The man whose duty it was to attend the fires of the boilers was at his post, and became awakened to danger by observing a sudden flow of steam upon the fire, wvhch blew open the fire door and knocked him to the ground; an explosion immediately aiterwards took place, bursting in the side wall of an adjoining building in which a number of coppersmiths and their assistants were atbwork-; these men -were seriously injured both by the fall of the wall, and by scalds from the steam which escapedthree men were instantaneously killed, and their bodies matilated in a shocldn manner ; a fourth is in a precarious state in the Harbour Wospital, whither the other tunivors were also promptly conveyed. The steam blew ina the 'windows of the smithy adjoining, and a few of the men theire received slight injuries from the glass, and others were slightly scalded. The stoker in charge of theboilers before-mentioned is quite uninjured. The boiler shed is demolished, a portion of the holler was hurled against the corner of the lrge bu ilding used as the sawmill, a few yards distant, in which it made an enormous breach; it glanced off from that, and fell at a distance of about 100 feet in the direction of the building slips; the weight of the piece w.as upwards of a ten. The exploded boiler was circular, 4A feet diameter, with semicircular ends, and without any frues or tubes through it. On the top of this boiler there was a larg-e steam reservoir of tho same dimensions. This upper reservoir, vith the other portion of the boiler, was blown to a distance oE about 20 feet. From the appearance of the plates of the hoiler over the fire, it is believed that the water mnst have been allowed to get too low, and that the plates hadbecome red hot, which is the only way the accident can be accountec for at present, but a searching inquiry wil be instituted today by the borough coroner, M1r. 1W. J. Cooper. There were two safety valves to each of the boilers in question, the two boilers, with their reservoirs, being in connexion, making four safety valves. The boilers had only been in use about two.years, and were made in Portsmouthi dJockyard. The pressure of steam at wThich they were generally worked was between 50lb. and 60lb. They had been well testedby water pressure, before being set to work, upto 2001b. There were several steam gauges of now construction fitted to these boilers for trisl, in addcitionto the common gauges. The Port-Admiral Sir George Seyinour and RearAdmiral Superintendent Martin, andnumerous other officers were promptly on the spot, and the last officer summoned medical assistance immediately, which was as quildyrendered by the medical taff of the establishment, &cc. Tt is impossible to convey an idea of the scene of desolation Caused by this disaster escept to such as have seen the eFfects of similar explosions m large Tmills or other works. The Pax;ton sides and roof of the new smithy are either blown out entirely, or the glass shattered into frents as by a shower of grapeshot, and the indowsand door of other buildings are blown away in like manner. The labourers and others bout the place, assisted by both officers and men of the steamers under repair in the steam basin, set to work immediately after the explosion to clear away the fragments and get out the dead and wounded, and engines played upon the burning ruins. The fo'lowing ar the names of the dead and injured :- Stephen Pearmau, dead; Robert Wright, dead; John Williams, dead. William Parrott, aged 26, coppuermniths labourer, is go severely injured that no, hope can be entertained of his recovery. On his admisak. to Hslar, Dr. Leonard, :the deputy medical inspector (under whose care all the men arel. found it necessary to remoye several large pieces of his s}cc3 driven in upon the brain. James Lee, aged 30, hammerman, is so severely scaldo4 over the whole surface of the body that but little hope can be entertained of his recovery. John Field, aged 30 c ppersmith, inn the sa me d&taas 3ames Lee. William Field, IVe& 31, coppersmith,4 is severely Ic344ed about the head andarms, but a smaler extent of Esrface being implicated he may recover. &George 2dorley, aged 43, coppersmith, is in =401h the same state as Wiiam Field, bhit the injury is raer lea severe. , George Juggns, aed 40, assistnt coppersmith,3William PRogers, aged 2 blacksmith, and James Sharp, aged 31, coppersmith's labourer, are severely kurt, but th s is ai air PTospect of their doing well. Robert Sims, I..P}Ish, ana W.litacey were also wounded. bat in a minor degree, and. were attended to at the dockyard surgery lij Dxs. Allen. [staff sugeon3 and Elliot (assistant xurgeon)j Except thw .i stnaad (Parrott) all are sensible, ctad have oxa periene2d, great relief from their agony by tle weansi ued, and most of them have bad some ale-i. The wouads are chiefky sealp wounds, rz4 contusions aTid abtsions- in different parts thebody.. Allareundsethe czzofD Or. Leonard, and nothing is wi.tingthat ca a,condace-to.their comfort and recovery. sear-Admiral the Right Hon. Sjt Maurice Rgkeley, 3K.OX.h, M.P., Senior Nraval Lord oE the Addmiraltsy. arrived t tAhe dockyard yesterday afteravon, and insp-cted the soaa of the accident with the Port Admiral a-4 Admiral superintendent. -urwLIO WoRnsi Brn*-Two Govzrnment bills just brought in authorize for a further period, the advace of money out of the oascaidated funi for caryiug on2 public ;works and- fuserics, and for the emplo ecut of the poor and for public wworks in Ireland. -the 'lrst bill authorizes the Treasury to xppreptiat%, during ,tbe -ye { years next e Dsuwing 5i of Ap, 1S57, SWQ.00h-2.yr, to he chargredw es e- consolidadslfund-; and the SeOpud: hill, out of tli umn, ^;aerior<i the appropriation- o -15,OOOt par g,w"xtr, a f4vQ Y; IE psblic 5work5 ill L reland.
- FOREIGN INTELLIGBNCE. FRANCE. [Aportion of the following appeared in oor second edition oEf Sainrdi :-1 (Fo0M Our. OWN VoRr, PON.DENT.) PARIS, FRiDAY, APRIL 4, 6 P.M. I am assured that the order has been already sent by the English and French Governments to raise the blockade of the Russian ports and remove the embargo on Russian vessels wherever they may be detained. A circular to that effect is about to be sent to the diplomatic agents of France, announcing this order, as also the removal of the embargo on articles of merchandise prohibited during the War. qThe Plenipotentiaries met to-day at the Mlinistry of Foreign Affairs. This is their second meeting since the signi:ng of the Treaty of Peace, and, though the same secrecy appeas to be maintainied as to the particular questions treated, yet it is generally believed that the Principalities and the Italian States occupy a good deal of their attention. I have already alluded to the evacuation of the Russian territory and of Turkey by the allied troops, and what I have since learned does not add much to my informationonthe subject. Six moinths are, it appears, the term fixed for withdrawing the Einglish, Erench, and Sardinian troops,with the whole of their -=aMfiel, yet I believe it is desirable that the evacuation should be as slow as possible. Another evacuation has been treated in the Congress,-that of the Danubian Principalities. In virtue of the treaty with the Porte the Austrians are bound to qiuit that part of the Turkish territory on the conclusioni of peace. The period has now arrived, but I doubt whether the C abinet of Vienna shows much eagerness to comply wsith its engagements. The matter has been discussed in the Congress, and Count Buol alleged various reasons against the immediate execution of the treaty of the 30th of March with Turkey, on the ground that nothing decided had been as yet come to as to the government of the Plincipalities, the necessity of a force being on the spot to prevent disorder, &c. A term, however, having been fixed for our evacuation of the Russian and Turkish territory, Austria, if she mean honestly, can have no reasonable motive for prolonging her stay. It is said that she still hesitates fixing any precise term. We are told that for somemonths past the number of her troops has diminished. At present they consist in WaUachia of two brigades of infantry and a regiment of cavalry, with cantonments at Bucharest, Kajova, Pilesti, and Plojeschti. Moldavia is occupied by a brigade of infantry and a regaiment of cavalry. This, however, only refers to the Austrians. The Turkish Contingent is composed of a brigade of infantry and a regiment of cavalry, with quarters at Bucharest, Giurgevo, andEalarasch, the whole under the orders of Suleiman Pasia. For the year 1864 the foreign occupation cost the Principalities for cantonments, fuel, provisions, hospitals, &c., 4,000,000 of WVallachian piastres; but, on the other hand, the Divan ad hoc of Waallachia claims from the Ottoman Porte a sum of 9,000,000 of piastres for expensos incurred during the latter part of the same year for the army of OmarL Pasha! There can hardly be a doubt that Austria, will be kept to her obligations with Turkey. The Russian Plenipotentiary is decided on that point, on which it is said the discussion of Wednesday was rather warm, and the Plenipotentiaries will surely not separate before settling the question. The other point which occupies the attention of the Congress is the situation of Italy, and on this also resistance is made by Austria. One of the measures of reform umred hasreferencetotheRoman Iaegations, and it is proposed that those provinces shall a be governed by laymen, and not by ecclesiastics. The government of Rome itself is more *ifficult to be dealt wiith: all admit the difficulty of having any one buLt the Pope at its head, and it is not probable that any change is contemplated in this respect. WYhen reform and Italy are mentioned it would be difficult to pass by Naples. What measures are to be taken with the Sovereign who rules this part of the peninsula I cainot say, but people are talking of very decisive measures with respect to him. The King of Naples has shovn himself throughout the war so earnest a partisan of Russia that it is difficult to let him escape without a lesson. It was the absence of good government, and the vices of public men in Turkey, that exposed her to the agg-ressions of Russia, and involved us in such a war as that we have just terminated. The conduct oE the Neapolitan Government is anr incentive to revolution and reaction, and wve can hardly allow those petty despots in Italy to pursute a career which must inevitably end in a catastrophe without attempting to check them. With reference to Naples, I have heard the word inenrvcnion f whispered-moral intervention, perhaps, but interm.ention of some kind. These, I believe, are the subjects now occupying the attention of the Congress. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- "BERLIN, ARarL4. "In the sitting of the Chamber of Deputies yesterday M. Mathis, Deputy for Berlin, and belonging to a fraction of the Centre-Left, proposed that the Chamber should express the opinion that it expects the Government vill take measures to bring the powers of the police as regards the press within legal bounds, and to prevent the execution of those duties, destroying the liberty of the press, wvhich is guaranteed by the constitution. The Kretz Zeitung, the organ of the Right, expresses the opinion that its political friends will not oppose the proposition of M. Mlathis. "' In the Second Chamber a motion of the meinbers of the Extreme Right called forth a declaration on the part of the Govermment on the subject of the accusation brought against the Vice-President Seiffart, of taking part in the robbery of the despatches. The proposition of Count Schwerin demanding the nomination of a special comnmission vas adopted." "M MADRID, APRiL 3. "The Cortes have agreed to the first two articles of 31 Santa Cruz's financial scheme; the basis for the law rela: tive to the militia has been decided on; workaien are excluded. " The Madrid Gazette announces that the Spanish Credit Mobilier Company is now constituted." A treaty has been signed between the Sardinian and Spanish Governments on matters relating to commerce and consular regulations. Count Cavour has found time, notwithstanding his occupations as a member of the Congress, to attend to the material interests of his country. The health of the Empress continues excellent. On Tuesday Her Majesty was able to sit on a sofa at one of the windowvs of the Palace to X itness the departure and return of the splendid cod-t'ge which accompanied the Emperor to and from the review. The Ecdo Agricole says- " The Emperor has, it is affirmed, just-purchased the old demesne of Fouilleuse, situate between St. Cloud and Mont Valdrien. The intention of His Majesty is to estabUL-h on this ground a large model farm, on which will be collected the most improved agricultural implements and the best breed of animals of every kind. This excellent idea has been carried into practice by several sovereigns, particularly inWurtemberg and in England. The old estate of Fouillense was for 20 years used as a beetroot sugar mann!actory, but was afterwards sold and divided. The Emperor has united the principal parts of it, and by means of commnunications which wi be formed this agricultural deMesne will become an appendage of St. Cloud." The reception of the Duke de Broglie, as member of the French Academy, took place yesterday, at 2 o'clock, at the Institute. Thebureau was occupied y EL isard, director of the A ncademy, weho replied -to the new member; by M. Villemain, the secretary; and by 3L Pongerville, chancellor. N1. Guizot introduced the fluke, and all the members were present. Among the strangers, who were very numerous, was the Earl of Claendon. The Afoniteur publishes the returns of the principal merchandise imported into France during the first two months of 1856, together with the Customs' duties collected thereon, which amounted to 24,165,876f.; compared vwiththecorrespondingperiod of 1855, there is an increase in the receipts of 956,919f., and of 4,741,255f. over 1854. The 'Customs' receipts of February last amounted to ag,0O4,668f., being a difference of 2,353,705f. in farour of 1856, compared with Februiary, 1855. The principal articles on which an mirease b -taken place during the first two months of 1856 are :-raw cotton, 1,528,000f; coal, 627,0Wf.; sundry revenues, 662,000f. The articles exhibiting a decrease are-coffee, 1,371,0Of.; foreign slugar, 869,000f.; raw wool, 143,000f.; French colonial sugar, 133,000f. The salt-tax produced in January and Febriary last 5,378,952f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 45c. for the end of the mouLth: the Four-and-aHalf per Ceniu at 95f.; and the New uoan at 73f. 90c.; Orlea-s vailway Shares, 1,280f. ex. div.; Great Northen, I,O202.; Strssburg, 1,010f.; New Shares, 8$4f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,3O5f.; Lyons to the -Mediterranean, 1,5921. SOc.; Western of France, 8SOf ex. div. ; Bordeau and Cette, 763f.; 6 reat Central of France, 658f, 75c.; L,yons and Geneva, 810f.; Bank of Crddit3Iobilier, 1,690f.; Austrian' Rtailways, 925f. i A Cour t AUAStiqUe.-PARIS, April 4.-Cash Prices.- I.Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), i 93f. 40c. 25c. 92f. 75c. 90c.; ditto second LIoan of 1855 (45 | per cent. paid), 94f. 25c.;* ditto Certific.ates (4S per cent. paid, 941. 25c.; Three per Cents., 73f,; ditto- second Loan of 1855(45 per cent, paid), 73f. 50c.; ditto Certficates (45 per cent, paid), 731. Sc.;* Bank of France, 3,6M00.; Credit Fonder, 732f. 50c. 73Sf. 732f. 50c.;* ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f.; ditto Three per Cents., 4001.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents, 97f. 50c.; ditto Three per Cents., 93f.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f.,ThreeperCents. 930f.,; Ortdit blobilier, 1,i6901.; Discotunt Basnk, 6s0f.- P.iedmontese Five per Cents., 941f.; ditto SThree per Cents., 611. Sc.; Austrian Five Per Cents., 90; Belgian Four-and-a- de Naples (Rothschild's), 113; Spanish Interior Debt, 40^ g 41. E2xchange on London, at sight, money, 25 37Ac.; thtree months, money, 24f. 92Ac. SATuRDAY, APRIL 5, 6 P.m. The Moniteucr continues the announcement of the receipt of addresses of congratulation on the birth of the Prince Imperial. Among the Iast received is one from the National Guard of the Seine with 28,105 signatures attached to it. The Minister of Finance has been authorized by Imperial decree to raise to 250,000,000f. the amount of Treasury bonds to be issued for the service of the State in 1856. The receipts of the Orleans Railway, during the Week ended on the 24th ult. were 909,475f., or 8,848f. more than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amounted to 10,573,205f., being a difference in favour of 1856 of 1,308,865f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 20c. for the end of the month; and the New Loan at 731. 70c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,282f. 50c.; Great Northern, 1,020f.; Strasburg, 1,0W1 f- 50c.; NXew Shares, 8501.; Paris and Lyons, 1,320f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,590f.; Western of Face, 8831. 75c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 7G2f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 6551.; Lyons and Geneva, 8011. 25c.; Bank of Crdit Mobilier, 1,G70f.; Austrian Railways, 9201. Couirs Authentique.-PAmIS, April 5.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 92f. 75c.; Four per Cents., 86f. ; Three per Cents., 73f. 72L. 95c. 80c. 85c. 90c.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid). 73 10c. ; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 73f. 10c. ; Bank of France, 3,700f.; Credit Foncier, 730f.725f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 4401.; Credit 3',lobilier, 1,6S01. 1,6S21. 50c. 1,675f. 1,670f.; Discount Bank, 650f.; Kedmontese Five per Cents., 941.; ditto Three per Cents., 611. 50c. 61c. ; AustrWan Five per Cents., 90; liomans, 90A 91; Haytian Loan, 515; Spanish InLterior Debt, 401; :j i. Fchange on London, at sight, money, 251. 37tc.; three months, mnoney, 24f. 92c. AUSTRIA. (FROM OUR OWs -T CORREssPONDMrT.) IF,NNA, ApRaL 1. The Ministerial Oesterreichische 0orcespoyden.z thus speaks of the Treaty of Peace, signed on Sunday last:- The official newvs of the signature of the treaty of peace at Paris must give pleasure to all men, and induce them to be thankful to the Most High, who rules the hearts of kings. " W.e are convinced that the peace will be honoiuable for all parties, and durable. It will prove the moderation of thePowers, and the care they have taken to provide for the welfare of Europe in general, and of those countries in particular a misunderstanding (Verwicklung) about which led to the war now so happily ended. " The general reconciliation which has been effected by the Treaty of Peace corresponds with the wishes of the just and good of all nations, and is agreeable to the spirit of hnmanity and Christianity. At the samne time that we heartily participate in the satisfaction weich the news of peace has everywhere caused, we reflect with patriotic pride on the share which our great fatherland and the Government of His Imperial Royal Apostolic Majesty have had in bringing about the propitious event. Under the protection of the Almighty Austria will employ the new period of general peace in developing her rich internal resources, in increasing the prosperity of the nation, and in improving her friendly and intinate relations with all the Bowers." Count Buol will probably be back in Vienna on the 7th or 8th instant. There was neither firing of guns nor illumination when the news arrived that peace had been restored, and the inexplicable indifference of the Government produced an equally uinfavourable impression on the public and on the money-market. Had a fair allowance of powder and tallow been consumed, the National Loan would probably have lifted its feeble head, but the simple news of peace has not enabled the Five per Cent. Stock, the interest on which is paid in silver, to reach 87. A special envoy will be sent to coiigratulate the Emperor of the French on the birth of an heir to the throne, but it is not yet settled who is to go. It is whispered that some of the highest personages in this city are greatly disappointed that Austria has not played a more prominent part at Paris. The Emperor lNapoleon paid such extreme attention to Austria that she fully expected to cast England completely into the shade at the Paris conferences, but it seems that she soon had occasion to observe that doers are more highly valued than talkers. It was yesterday definitivelysettled that the Theiss Company should have the right to continue the railroad from Arad to Hermannstadt and Kronstadt, in Transylvania. The part of the railway first to be completed will run from Arad up to Debreezin, MIiskolez, and Kaschau, and for this purpose 40,000,000l. have been raised in Germany and Austria. Baron Maurice von HIaber, the Darmstadt Bank, and some 30 of the first German bankers, have subscribed 20,000,0001.; the Austrian Credit Bank takes 10,000,000fl., the Hungarian nobles 6,000,000fl., and the remaining 4,000,000f Baron Bruck has reserved forthe "sornmitis" of the Austrian financial world. The above-mentioned company has one enormous advantage over all the others *vhich have been formed in Austria. It will have no indemnification to pay to landed proprietors, as the Hungarian nobles give to the company the ground through wrhich the railroad is to pass. The Minister of Finanlce yesterday evening agreeably surprised the Finance Commission of the Cr6dit Bank by informing it that he did not intend to grant any nevw concessions for railroads until those already projected were completed. Baron Bruc3, however, intends to form companies for working the rich mines of Transylvania, but hisplans are not yet completely formed. Tne statutes sent in bythe Credit Foncier(Tinvwbilien Gesellschaft) have not been approved by Government, asthey encroach on the privileges of the Credit Bank. It appears that the founders of the Imnwbilien Gesellschaft expected to be able to overreach Baron Bruck, and to obtain from him a concession which wvould enable them to do business in moveables as wellas in landed property, but the Minister of Finance is a thorough man of business, and is not likely to be deceived. Considerable reductions have been made in the Customs' tarif, but it is not yet exactly knovn to me what they are. Count Appony, the newly appointed Austrian Minister to the British Court, left on Saturday for London, but he is not likely to reach his post for some little time to come, as he has gone by way of MIunich, where he has business to settle. The Oesterreichischle Correspondenz learns from Genoa that Commodore Stringham, who commands a squadron belonging to the UYnited States, has received orders to quit the Mediterranean and to cruise on the Spanish coast, " as the difference between the London and Washington Govermnents is not quLite settled." RUSSIA. (FROM3 OUR OWNi CORlProNDENT.) BERLIN, APra 3. We have this morning received telegraphic intelligence of a peace manifesto having been publishedc at St. Petersburg the day before yesterday. On the Midonday there had been a grand parade, but whether the Emperor had taken that opportunity of communicating the pacific news to the military is not mentioned; in the afternoon the various journals had published extra supplements, announcing that peace had been signed the dLay before in Paris. On the Tuesday the manifesto appeared, and set forth, as far as our tolegraphic 'resum6 of it informs us, that the war had not been of Russia's seeking, nevertheless the people of Russia had carried it on with self- sacrifice and energy. The rights of the Christians in the East are now secured, and thus the object of the war is attained. For the purpose of facilitating the conclusion of a peace and dissipating all thoughts of conquest and amubition, there have been special ar'rangements -nade to prevent collisions between !Russian and Turkish vessels in the Black Sea, and a jnew line of frontier in Bessarabia has been agreed -upon. IThe official report of the Emperor's trip to Finland shows that he left St. Petersburg on the after- noon of the 21st of March,- stopped the following morning in Friedrichshamin. to inspect the-corps of Finland cadets and to visit a bat1ery that had last year been engaged with-the English, and left again the same day for l3isingfors, where he arrived early on the morning Qf the 23d. At 30 o'cloek the Emperor attended mass in the church of the palace there, and then received the Senate, the officers of the garrison, &c., on which occasion the inhabitants of the town, according to Russian custom, brought hi-, as a stranger just arrived, bread and salt. The Emperor subsequently visited the Greek and Lutheran churches, the University, the military hospitals, and all the batteries on the right flank of the line of defence. The Emperor was accompanied by his brothers the Grand Dulkes Con- I stantine, Nicholas, and Michael; General Todtleben did not accompany the Imperial party, as has been reported, but remained behind in Cronstadt. 'While Grand Duke, the Emperor was Clhancellor of the University of Finland, and on every opportunity that presented itself showed a great amount of goodwiU towards theFinlanders,withwhomhe is very popular; the last instance of his peculiar " monarchical goodwill" towards Finland was his command issued last year that three posts as pages in the Imperial service should be set apart for the sons and descendants of such Finlanders as have attained the highest military and civil rank. The visit of the Emperor to Helsinofors was by no means an unexpected one. ?eneral Berg had on hiis return from St. Petersburg brought an intimation that the Emperor would soon visit his faithful Finlanders, and accordingly the troops and the fleet, the fortificatibns, and the barracks had all been put into proper inspection trim. The Emperor's Adjutant-General Rostowzoff had also been despatched toFMriedricbsharnm; the Flilgel-Adjutantsi Prince Obolevwsldi-Slepzoff and Prince Galitzin to Hlelsingfors and Abo; and MIerchilcritsch, General of Artillerys, to Wyborg. The late Emperor Nicholas shortly before bis death'gave his approbation to a plan for erecting in Wilna a museum of coins, arms, documents, &c., having reference to the history of the western provinces of Russia; the nobility of these provinces, which formerly belonged to the Polish Crown, flattered themselves that this was but a foretoken of a more liberal policy, towvards these lands, which were only at the end of last century formally incorporated into the Russian empire; these hopes gained additional strength from a late ordinance of the present Emperor, that the Polish language should be reintroduced into the Gymnasia as a vehicle of instruction on certain subjects, and further by the notification given by the Minister of the Interior, that the Emperor was fnxly determined to uphold and maintain the privileges of the nobility. The various corporate bodies of the nobility in these provinces, therefore, felt themselves emboldened lately to present to the Emnperor a petition prayig for the reintroduction of the Polish language, the restoration of the University of Wilna, and for equal rights to be conferred on them with those enjoyed by hle nobility of Russia Proper. The hopes of these gentlemen have become transferred to the press, but in so doing have assumed the shape of intentions seeming to be entertained by the Emperor himself; all manner of excellent and liberal reforming sentiments have been attributed to him, and anecdotes and sayings of Alexander I. have been freely applied to Alexander II., for the purpose of countenancing and colouring the fancy picture traced by bope. The reality of the case is as follows :-the Emperor referred the petition to the Mtinister of the Interior; the advice given both by him and the Council of the Empire was of such a nature that the Eniperowi laid the petition aside without further notice. This unexpected result coming close upon the heels of the ukase incorporating the said provinces in the centralized network of Russian government under the control of the Minister of the Interior, seems to have completely dispelled all the illusions that were current with reference to the provinces of ancient Poland; it will take some time longer before they are dispelled with reference to the present kingdom of Poland. Letters from. the Prusso-Polish frontier, written before the peace was concluded, state that to judge by the conversation of the petty officials and the lower orders in the neighbourhood of the frontier, i the peace, such as the newspapers describe it, is not popular in Russian Poland; the people say Russia had no need to submit to such a peace. Although persons of education and stand-I ing in Russia are habitually discreet in theI expression of their opinions, the lower classes are very free wfith their remarks, probably for the I reason that very little value is to be attached toj them. The military authorities had towards thet end of the month made some considerable payments for provisions which had been delvered the previous spring, and in consequence a good deal of activity was observable in the cross frontier traffic, I as Russians and Poles came over to the Prussian towns to buv horses-a thing almost unexampled in the annals of those places; but, as the export of horses from Prussia is prohibited, they had but a bootless errand. On the Prusso-Russian frontier, also, the close prospect of peace was, at the date of the last advices, producing great I activity in commercial circles. Considerable quanti- I ties of Russian produzce are lying on the other side of the frontier, ready for exportation, and there are large orders from England now lying at Memel and Tilsit, but the exorbitant prices demanded for freight prevented the transaction of business. ThePrussiancommercialmarinehasbeen for a long time past suffering extremely from theI numerous desertions of its sailors as soon as the vessel ! reaches certain foreign ports, so that it is frequently difficult to navigate the vessels home. In KEnigsberg great things are expected from some correspondence that is believed to be going on between the Russian Consul-General at that place and the Ministry of Finance in St. Petersburg. It is supposed that very liberal commercial and fiscal measures are about to be carried out by the Russian Government, which will be preceded by a loan of 100,000,000 silver roubles, the fourth since the beginning of the war. c Duke George of Mecklenburg and his spouse, the Grand Duchess Catherine, who lately passed i through here on their return to Russia, have been compelled to wait three days at Dirschau by the passage of the ice down the Vistula which prevented their crossing: at the end of that time, there being as little appearance as before of the flow of ice ceasing, they were fain to return to Dantsic, and there wait for a clear passage. The Emperor was expected back in St. Petersburg by the 30th from his Finland trip; his coronation cannot, on account of the great preparations necessary, take place before August: it is to be celebrated in all pomp, and the old Russian costume is to be the festal dress. The procession will contain 18 new gilded state coaches. The reports that reach St. P!etersburg from Sim-j pheropol complain bitterly of the inclemency of the; season, and the enormous prices that provisions have attained there. A pair of fowls, that would in former times have been dear at 20 to 30Q copecs, is hardly to be had now for 3 silver roubles; a hundred eggs, that formerly cost 7a copecs, or one- i hird of a rouble, cost now 6 to 7 silver roubles. The trade in wine, and its production in the Crimea have suffered severely in the war. Simpheropol and Yalta produced in 1855 at least 100,600 vedros less than in the worst vintage on record. The tracts of country most favourable to the vine have been desolated by the allies. The line from Aloupka up to the Baidar Valleyhas suffered the most. Lashi, Foros (theproperty of Prince Galitzin), Maschatka (of Count Kuscheleff Besborodko), Melas (CountPerowski's), Limena,Muchalaska, Kastropulo (Demiidoff's), Kutschuk-koi (Prince Galitzin's), Kikines, and Simeis (General Malzoff's), are all described as destroyed. They all of them contained vineyards, country seats, or industrial establishments. ITALY. (FROM OU OWN COR.RESPONDENT.) TURIN, APriL 2. After so many repeated notices of the treaty being on the point of signature no one here was surprised at the news received on Sundav that peace was proclaimed, and certainly, so far as they are known to the public, nobody appears particularly elated with the terms. Some of the clerical papers, however, for reasons best known to themselves, have evinced more joy than other people. Probably the writers in the journals in question believe that peace will bring them a perfect restoration of the statuts quo, antt beMlon, the polities of Rome having been from time immemorial to return to its old ways the I instant any passing danger had ceased, forgetting everything and learning nothing itself, and giving the rest of the world credit for doing the same. Or possibly they hope that the te presentatives of Sardinia will receive such a rebuff fo their remonstrances on the state of Central Italy as may not only disgust this Government with its allies, but.-damage its popularity in Italy. Or perhaps they calculate- on the increased influence of Austria, through the cunning of its diplomacy, to force this country to accept a concordat at the dictation of Rome. If: any anticipations of this kind are really the cause of their rejoicing, do they not appear well-founded, as all accounts from the seat of the conferences assure us that the representations of M. Cavour on the occu-, pation of the Papal Stateshave been very favourablyi received by the Plenipotentiaries of Russia and England, and that the French Government has declared its approval of the subject bemng brought forward for discussion, and its willingness to with, draw.its own troops as soon as any satisfactory arrangement can -be made for rendering their pre. sence unnecessary. It is evident that,to do away with foreign occupation, without at the same time abandoning the territory to anarchy, the great Powers must either insist on such reforms in the government as they formerly merely suggested (and to which, as usual, the Curia Romana paid no attention whatever when once-relieved from its difficulties), or they will be obliged to make a complete separation of the spiritual and temporal powvers ;and no doubt the French Government contemplated one or other of these alternatives whenproposingto discuss the point. Of the two schemes the latter would be the most popular with enlightenled Roman Catholics, both in Italy and elsewhere, who are most zealous in supporting the Papacy, but who cannot avoid seeing that the misuse of temporal power is often the cause of bringing the spiritual authority imto disrepute. It would be the safest for the peace of Italy, as it would for ever remove from ecclesiastical politicians the power of reverting to their mediaeval institutions, as is their wont whenever they have an opportunity. But, of course, from the bigoted upholders of the Church, who look upon anything approaching to reform in its affairs as nothing short of sacrilege, it would meet wvith the most violent opposition, and among this number, both from the manner in which it has lately abdicated its own prerogative at the biddingof Rome, and because it has a direct interest in perpetuatin the present state of turmoil in Italy, the Austrian Government would most probably be found. VWhichever course may bJe adopted, howvever, it is most sincerel;y to be hoped that especial care will be taken to establish the new form of government on sucl a basis as will obviate forthe future the interference of theVienna Cabinet, which has been the source of such constant bad feeling between the Governments and people of Italy It seems a wise, though somewhat tardy measure on the part of the Sardinian Government towards combating this meddling policy, that it has now I ordered its Minister at Florence, who is also accredited to the Courts of Modena and Parma, to repair to the latter city, in order to assist the Government there with his advice, if it should be desired, for it has too long been the conviction of the smaller Governments of Italy that there was no power on earth but Austria which could, or would, save them from revolution. Unfortunately, this conviction has been shared by the indolent and impoverished nobles who surround these petty Courts; and even now at Parma persons of this class may be found using expressions like the following, reminding one of the tone of the French aristocracy in 1789 "- General Crenneville hasenforced martial law with great severity. UJnder this system all is calm. The scaffold and chains are the only safe means with such canaiUe. These crimes are the consequence of over-leniency. It is the foible of the Bourbons to affect to be liberal when they really are not so," &c. It is easy to understand how delightful a state of society such as language like this betokens must be to the Austrian Government, which is always on the watch for an excuse toforce its goodofficeson itssatellites. A Turin paper states this afternoon that the text of the Austrian amnesty has been received here, and that the conditions are more stringent than had been reported. All those comprised in the list of exiles fiom Austria, and who wish to return to their country, must present a petition to the Mlinis'ter of the Interior, it is said, who will examine the demand, and, if he finds it good, will grant the petition, whenever the exile shall sign a declaration that he wiUreform his conduct andceomport himself in future as a faithful and loyal subject. As to those soldiers who took service in Piedmont in 1848 and afterwards, without having obtained permission from Austria, they are to be considered as deserters. Other soldiers will, be allowed to return, on asking permission and making submission. Certain inhabitants of Reggio (Duchy of Modena) have sent 600 francs to the Central Committee for the Crimean Fund, accompanied by a letter to the following effect - "Gentlemen,-We send 000 francs for the Piedmontestroops fighting in the Crimea, to whom it is especiaUy owing that the ancient Italian courage is not believed to be cxtinct. And this offer, although small and late, may afford some testimony of our excessive admiration-of our affection and gratitude. God grant that the fatigues borne by these generous men may be a manifest and durable profit to all!" - The Italian residents in Syria and Palestine have also remitted 700 francs to the committee for the lilke purpose. SPAIN. (FROM OUR OIYE COBBE SPOlNlDT, } MADRID, MAscn 3L The public competition for the construction of the Seville and Xeres Railway took place to-day at the Ministry of Public WVorks. This line, which will be about 18 leagues long, was conceded by a Royal decree during a former Ministry to Senor Sanchez MIendoza, who had commenced the works, but the Cortes subsequently annulled the concession, ordering himl to be indemnified for the value of those works which he had executed, and the line to be put up to public compehtion. The works executed - by him, and for which he will have to be indemnified by the Government, are valued at upwards of 3,000,000 of reals, and the Government offered to hand them over gratuitously to whatever company should undertake the line as part of the subvention, which, besides the value of the works, was to consist of a subvention in money of 600,000 reals per league. The public bidding therefore was respecting what company would accept the lowest money subvention, or would remunerate the Govermment partly or wholly for the sum at which the works were estimated, or both. Seven written offers were sent in by parties who had lodged the requisite deposit. I give them in the order in which they were read, as it is necessary in order to understand the whole proceedings, and the protests which have been sent in against the' adjudication of the Minister " 1. Senor Salamanca offered to make the line for a sabvention of 222,500 reals per league, together with the workS already executed. " 2. A Cadiz Company, denominated Sociedad Gaditana, offered to make it for 175,000 reals per league and the works executed. "3. A Xeres Company offered on similar tenns as re- gards the works to make it for-a subvention of 299,999 reals. "1 4. . Perronnier, a French Engineer, proposed to make it for 395,000 reals per league and the works. "-5. The Spanish Credit llobilier Company offered to make the line without any pecuniary subvention, and fur ther to give the Government 11,000 reals per league for the works executed. " 6. Senor Xetortilla, of Cadiz, offered also to make it without any money subvention, and to give the Government 6,000 reals per league for the vworks executed. " T. MfUM. Prost and Co., in the name of the General Company of Credit in Spain, sent in an offer, in which they I proposed to do wvithout any subvention, and to give the Government '2,001 reals per league."' On this, the last offer, being read, Senor Lujan, who presided, observed that it was not clear what this company meant, and asked- Senor Muchado, a member of the Council of Administration, who was present, if he could explain whether the offer was to give that sum to the Government with or without the works. Senor MIuchado replied that he could not do so without a previous conference with his colleagues, and begged leave to retire for a few moments for that purpose, which he was allowed to do, and, on his return, he stated that thae company he represented required no suibventioa, either in money or in works, and would give the Government the 2,001 reals per league into th e bargain. Upon this the Minister declared Mes3rs. Prost and Co.'s offer the most favourable for the Government, and adjudicated the construmtioa of the line to them. Two protests were immediately presented, the one by Messrs. Osma -and O'Shea-for the Spanish Cr4dit MlobilierCompany, andthe otherbySenorRetortilla, of- Cadiz. The ground-of the protests wasjthat it was aliogetherirTegplarandunfaikto allowthe representutivesoftheProstCompanytoheartheoffersofalltheir competitors read, and then to- modify, as they consider they have done, their original proposition. These protests will be discassed in a Council of Ministes to-night, and the affair 'will probably be submitted to a high tribunal appointed for the consideration of -questions of this kind, and termed " Tribunal Contencioso Administrativo," in accordance with whose verdict the Government will no doubt act. - The Three per Cents. were done to-day at 40.35, and the Deferred at 25.15.
INBW MUSEUM AT KENSLYGTON-GOBB. To all appearance this museum is scarcely begun; a few pillars are erected, a few cross-beams laid, and generally the works look more like a preliminary scaffolding than a building near completion. It is so near completion, however, that there is every expectation of the articles for which it is provided )eing removed into it within a couple of months. The truth is that the edifice is of iron; every pillar, Joist, girder, gutter, bolt, and screw, is ready; and, the foundations being once secured (they rest on a bed of concrete), nothing remains but to put the separate parts together like a house of cards or a puzzle-map. Thus 'we have a miniature of the gsta Palace-not in outline, indeed, but in pnnciple,-as 'was to be exipected in a building erected under the auspices of the Roya Commission of 1851, and intended to contain many of the treasures of the Gireat Exkhibition. The architect of this building is Sir WiUiam Cubitt, the working plans being prepared by Mr. Crowley; and it is rather curious evidence of the sudden importance which struietures of glass and iron have assumed that the man wvho has made his reputation in the treatment of very different materials should now, at last, be engaged in the erection of a large public building out of materials that a few years ago we should no more have thought of applying to such a purpose than now we should think of papier mach6 posts, or leather and prunella wals. The whole building, however, differs as much in design as in size from the Crystal Palace. As for size, its lengpth is 266 feet, its breadth 126 feet, and its heiglht about 40 feet. In point of design, the museum is composed of three compartments, which, -if we may coamit an architectural imnpropriety in order to make a popular explanation, may be described as a nave and two aisles; but the nave and two aisles are each of the same breadth, each of the same length, each of the same height, and each surmounted by a similar semicircular roof. The central compartmnent, which we have improperly called the nave, is open to the roof; a gallery, occapying entirely the so-called aisles, and connected at the ends of the building by cross galleries, runs round this central compartmnent, and, like it, is lighted from above. The lighting is almost entirely from above; there are a few bay 'windows, but these are intended to _ight ;staircases and passages, courts and offices. We are not aware, indeed, of anybuilding ir thiscountrythat is successfully lighted by 'windows for the purposes of exhibition. Side ights, and especially cross lights, sadly interfere with the appearance of the objects, as is evident enough in M1arlborough-house. That is probably an extreme example to quote, although it is suggested by the fact that the collections there deposited are to be transferred to the new iron building, but even the best galleries lighted by windows are ittle better. The present edi6ce is intended partly for the articles presented to the Royal Comnmission by various exhibitors of 1851; paitly for the Museum of Aimnal Produce formied at the Society of Arts, in conjunction with the Royal Commission; for the PatentMuseumn; and for the important collection illustrative of industrial art in Marlborough-house; and here these various collections are to remain until a more commodious and permanent gallery is provided for them. It will thus be seen that the Government is preparing in right earnest to make Kensington-gore the home of our art museums. Already SO acres of ground have 'been purchased, and still further acquisitions are contemplated. It has been said that if the National Gallery were transported so far it wfould be practically banished from the town. But, by forming collections of several objects of interest in connexion with art and industry, and inviting -visitors to inspect not one but many classes of subjects-all treasured in the midst of gardens and pleasant fountains, like the collections amassed in some of the French palaces-the objection to travelling so far is materially diminished, especiallywhenwe kmowthat, in any case, those who are interested in art have rarely an objection to escape from the pent-up city to breathe the fresh air, and enjoy a little of the country.
THE Naw Conpo.Amox OF IO-.DODx REFoRM BrnL.-A bill "For the hetterlegdation of the Corporation of the City of London," introduced a few nights ago, and already read a first time, wasqprinted on Saturday, and the following is a summary of its provisions :-The city is to be Uvided mnto 16 wards, '/ithin three months of the passing of the act, by persons to be appointed by the Secretary of State. Next comes the creation of a new constituency for municipal elections. The right of voting for aldermen, common-councimen, and ward officers is conferred on every mnale person of fuil age who occupies within the city any house, office, or chaimbey;, and is rated in respect thereof on a net annual value of 101. Due provision is made for the prep,aration and revision of the electoral lists, besides a variety of other arrangements. We have said that 16 watrd are to be formed, and each of these is to elect five common-councilmen and one alderman (the former annually) so that there will be a total number of 80 common-councillors and 16 aldermen. On a certain day (left in blank) all aldermen and common-councilmen of the city other than such persons as have been elected aldermen and councilmen at the first elections for the several wards under this act will cease to be such aldermen and commoncouncimen; in a word, the existing Courts of Aldermen and Common Council will be dissolved, and, in one sense, annihilated. TheKing of the cityalone-theLord Mayorpro tser.-is not to be thus summarily dethroned, for his Lordship 'will continue to exercise his functions untU such time as he would have gone out of office in the ordinary course of things. All common-councilmen will go out of office annually (as now), and in every third succeeding year onehalf of the aldermen elected under this act will go out of office by lot, and thereafter by official seniority. The Lord Mayor is ia future to be elected by the Common CounciL The Lord Mayor will be a justice of the peace for the city during his yearof office and one year afterwards, and the aldermen will be magistrates while 3n office, and no longer. All outgoing functionaries are re-eligible. Three auditors are to be elected aunuaDy. The qualification for the above offices is the possession of real or personal estate to the amount of 1,0001., or being rated to the police rate upon an annual value of 301. Candidates must also be on the electoral lists of some ward in the city. lersons refusing office will be fined (the Lord M-ayor or Sheriff 1001O, and other persons 501.). Iinolvency or bankrniptcy will operate as an immediate disqualification, and the office ofthedefaulter, behelordmayor, aldermen, orcommon-councillor, will at oncebe declaredvacant. The accounts of the chamberlain and bridgemaster wi be open to the mspection of any of the aldermen or common-councillors, and will be examined by the auditors in the months of 'March and September every year; they will, if correct, be printed and laid before Parliament. The power of the .Common Conncil to sell and lease the lands of the corporation is restrained by clause 42. All elections now made in Common-hall are transferred to the Common CounciL The "Court of Aldermen,"-the House of Lords, so to speak, of the city-is summarily swept away, and all its powers and duties vested in the Common C(ounciL The powers of the Court of Aldermen, llzwoad prisons, are to be exercised by the aldermen as magistrates in sessions. Any person "whosoevee' (as the clause is ungrammiatically woraed), may keep any shop in the city, whether he be free of the city or not. All coal duty payable to the corporation, which does not expire on the 5th of July, 1862, is to be applied to paying off the moneys charged thereon-to provide a smIling fund for that purpose, and when the charges have been paid the duty will cease. The rights of metago and porterage are abolished, as well as the enactments respecting the admission of brokers. -Streettolls are abolished and other obsolete restrictionsgot rid of. The coroner for the city is to cease to act for Southwarl; and the office of righ Bailiff of the Borough is abolished. The city will be within the metropolitan polle district for -the purposes of the Police Courts acts. The Lord Mayor and aldermena are no longer to be judges of the Central Cri'minal Court. The Hustings' Court is abolished, and its jurisdiction transferred to the Lord Mayor's Court, of which the Recorder will be the sole judge. The conservancy of the Thames is intrusted to the Lord Mayor, the Lord High Admiral, the President of the Board of Trade, one of the Commissioners of Land Revenue, and the Deputy-Master of the Trinity-house. And, lastly, the exclusive privileges of the Watermen7s Company are abolished. The bill awaits a second readin,. RoYAr COLLEGE OF SuRGzEONS.-The following gentlemen, having undergono the necessary examinations ror the diploma, were admitted membera of the College a: the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the 4th inst.:Messrs. Edward Bntler, Nottingham; Thomas .Lawrencs Read, Hornton-street, Kensington; William Dawson Yates, Liverpool; Thomaas Byton Jones, Plasissa, Corwen, North Wales; John Jardine Murray, imnbledon; 'William James Daniel, Beaminster, Dorset; Charles Jewel Evans, St. Neots, Hntingdonshlre; Lindsay. Frederick | Dickson~ Blton-street Piccadilly; Thomas Carthew Gillet, lTruro, Cornwvall; William Allis Smith, Mblethorpe Lincolnashire; Tom Oliver Hunt, Stratford-on-Avon; W ilQinm IBrown A;rminisoji, Garstang, Lsncashire; and- Charles iTerry, Northaumpton.
..JUDICIAL COMMITTEE OS PI?Iy CoucmIL. Saturday, Aprl 5. 11INSFP A1ZD H EHO. EAST INDI-t - CO3IpA2iy v. 1)YCE SOMBRE. TROTP- A'-D qAT.ATATT (B?efre ArT. PEIBEuTO IMGIIn Sir-EDWARD RYAN', Dr. LUSHNtGTON, and Lerds Justir KNIGHT BRUCE and . rx7R Sir F. T11ESIGER, in continuing his argument, said that he should bave to encounter the case of " Waring v. Waring" (6 Moore, P.C., 349), which no doubt would be strongly presRed against him, That case had excited grt interest, both in the legil and medical profession. No one could doubt the propriety of the judgment in that particular case, but there were certain general principles there laid down which had occasioned a great deal of surprise. I was supposed to have been laid down as a principle applicable to all cases, that, where a person at the time of making his will had any delusion, exist. ing in his mind-no matter what might be its character or nature-he must be incapable of executing any such in. strument. Undoubtedly there were delusions which mnight operate on a personrs mind of such a character as to afFect the whole man, to enter Tith him into evezy scene of his lIfe, and to influence the whole of his thoughts and actions; as, for instance, if he believed himself to be the Emperor of Germany. But, sappose a man, who in thedailybusmess of life acted in an ordinary manner, knew his position and station in society, understood all the duties which he had to perform in relation to it, had the complete control and management of his propty, and knew- the various claims that might be made upon him, tat down to write a will, having the delusion in hais mind that he had a finger mnade of glass, it seemed a strange thing to say that such a man, making a vwiUl perfectly rational and attending to all the claims upon him, was to be considered as of unsound mind. The great difficulty in speaking of the mind was that they were obligedtouse analogical phrases derived from material objects. If there had been a delusion existing in the mind, and it could not be excited or drawn forth by any influence or any sldll -which could be exercised, it must be considered that the delusion had passed away for the time, although it Nvas possible that at some future period, under other circumstances, it might be revived. If the delusion did not appear when an attempt was made to call it forth, for any one to assume that it was lurking in the mind vwas assurning a power beyond the powers of muan, and would be most fatal to the acts of many individuals who were supposed capable of performing acts of business. It was impossible to lay downr a general rule applicable to aU cases of delusion. The delusions of Mr. Dyce Sombre were at least suspended at the time he made hiswill, and there was ao proof that tley ever returned fromthatperiod dov;ntohis death. Undoubtedly,beinPinParis at the latter part of his life with no one to take care of him, heindulgediu the same disgusting semi;uality which had characterized him mn India, and to stimulate hisfiaging powers he had resorted to the excessiv;e use of ardent spirits. If the incidents which he had recorded in his journal in Idia had been drawn out and expanded minutely in the evidence of -witnesses as to his conduct, would not their Lordships have had the most disgusting instances of profligacy that could be iniagined? There was no dil erence between the man of 1S33 to 1838, and the man of ISS to 1S51, but the -ame addition, to use the 'words of General Ventua, to ,wine and women. When, however, he was under the restraintof decent society he conducted himself with the greatest propriety. When preparing his book caUed the Refutation, published in August, 1849, which was calculated to bring before him all his delusions, the compiler, AL. Mantucci, who was continuaUy visiting him, deposed that he was confident of his sanity. The question was not whether his conduct was extravagant and debauched, but whether the delusions which manifested themselves at a former period again broke out ? There was no proof of any delusions at Paris at the latter part of his life; there was ens instance of illusion, and a case of mistaken identity of a gentleman v.hom he insisted he had seen india,while by hisproigate conduct lhe had reduced himself to a state in which he had lost all control over himself, and exhibited hinuself in an indecent manner. He (Sir F. Thesiger) could not but think that the learned judge in the court below entertained very mistaken notions as to a great deal of the evidence given in the case, especially that part which bad reference to the question of costs. There was great misapprehension as to the conduct of Mr. Prinsep. The learned judge seemed to involve him in the misconduct which ho imputed, and perhaps justly, to other parties. MIr. Prinsep expressly swore that he never tutored the deceased as to the evidence which he was to give on his e.amination by the medical men. He defied his learned friends to show that there had been any improper interference on the part of xMr. Prinsep. The only way in which he had been instrumental in doing anything as to the will was to introduce Mr. Dyce Sombre to solicitors likely to take the greatest care and to exercise the greatest possible caution-gentlemen whom he knew would not lend themselves to anything improper in procuring a wilL Was ;Ir. Prinsep, as the executor, to refuse to take steps to establish the will? Was there anythin on which the learned judge had to pronounce to deprive Mr. Prinsep of the ordinary rights which parties had under such circumstances ? Lord Justice KE HGnT Bl11cX inquired what was meant by " ordinary rights?" Sir F. TaESTGEPR replied that he had always understood that if there was no misconduct on the part of the esecutor, unless he was improperly putting forward a will, it was not to be done at his expense. He was bound to maintain, as far as he could, the will of the testator. Dr. LusIINGTON said that, according to his view, it must be a particular caso to entitle the executor to his costs. In dealing, however, with the question of costs, there were various circumstances to be taken into consideration. Lord Justice KMuGn1r BRUCE said that the learned judge of the Prerogative Court must have thought it right that the property should have been left to go to the widow and the next of kin without the Court having the assistance of an opposition. Sir F. THaSIGER could not conceive that, where the interests of so many persons were concerned, it would have been right to abandon the will. The severity of the sentence condemning the parties propounding the testamentary papers in the costs left the whole question open for the consideration of their lordships. The evidence was strong, and almost conclusive, as to the deceased bein" in a state of capacity when the will was executed which rendered him capable of making such a wilL Mr.WIGnAmI followed on the same side, and said that the executor, for the sake of his own legacy, would not have felt himself justified in propounding the wil, but there were other and very important interests concerned. The wil was clearly officious. Mrs. Dyce Sombre was amply provided for by the settlement, and the sisters had already received large sums. The deceased had derived his property from the Begum; she had a large class of dependents, and his first object was to mako provision for them. She had during her life given large donations to charities, and he had bequeathed the bulk of his property for the general good of Ihdia - Baroness Solaroli had a family, and he was desirous that she should remain at Sirdhana; the baron however had deterniined to reside in Europe, at which the deceased had taken offence. The 'wi evinced great exercise of judgment. It was true he had been involved in litigation with the East India Company, but he was influenced by a love of money; money was the only thing which gave him statas. He was told that his will would be centosted ; he intended to confine his bounty to charities, but, to make it doubly sure that the Directors of the East India Company would endeavour to uphold his will, he gave them personal legacies, not that he had anyregard for them individually. his was certainly one of the most singular cases that ever came under the consideration of a legal tribunal. Mr. Dyce Sombre notwithstanding the conmmission of lunacy was intrausted by the LordChancellor with the surplus of his income, he had saved a portion of it, hut, though capable of saving it, it was contended that he had not the powrer of disposing of it by will. The learned counsel then referred to the gradual improvement which had tak;en place in the mind of the deceased, and contended, on the authority of "Mleedway v. Croft' (3 Curt., 675), that in estimating the actions of Mr. Dyes Sombre regard must be had to his natural characterr which was .Asiatic in every point of view. Their Lordahips rose at 4 o'clock, when the fulrther hearing was adjourned until 3ionday (this day).
LXAW REPORT. COURT OF CEANCERY, ImzcowVs-mx, Arr.IL 5. (Bcfore the LORD CHA3NCELLOR.) IN 1SE DINES' PATENT. 'This was a petition to have the great seal afLxed to a patent claimed by Dines for am improved mode of treating surfaces of stone, plaster and cement, for the preservation of the same from decay. It appeared that in the month of April, 1853, a patent was taken out by a person named Barrett for an improvement in indurating porous stone, &c., which patent las sold to Mr. Hives. hives entered a craext against Dines's alleged invention, on the ground that it was ilar in its nature to the pAtent granted to Barrett, and also that Dines had been guilty of ma.7a fides and misrepresentation, he having been connected with the working of Barrett's patent. When the matter was first brought be. fore this Court, his Lordship referred it generally to the Attorney-General, who hasreported to the effect that the two processes are dLstinct. The question of the correctne3s of the Attorney-General's certificate was the subject of this day's discussion. A great number of affidavits were read pro andon.; but the case was not concluded when the Cout rose. Mlr. Fooks appeared in support of the petition; Mr. Webster (of the common law bar) wa for Mr. Hives.
I , ROLILS' COURT. CHA-scxRY-L-A1,. Arrm. -. PLA1RE V. MAffWATP (Beforc the MLSTER oftI ROLLS.1 lHis HoNoun gave judgment in tlis case, which was a suit instituted to set aside the transfer of 1,000 shares in the PortsmouthRailwayCompany, vhichwere originally allotted to the defendant, but sabsetuently transferred to the plaintiff under the following circumstances --The plaintiff and defendant were both directors of the company in the year 1853, and in the month of June of that year were present at a limited meeting of the company, wvhen the subject discussed v;as how best to dispose of the unallotted shares. Upon this occasion theplaintiff expressed to - the defendant, who was chairman ot the conmpany, his willingness to take 1,000 of the unallotted shares, and get rid of'them among his friends, if a month or six weeks time were allowed for payment of the deposits -upon them. This offer of the plaintiff appears to have been, to some extent, complied with, for shortly afterwards a Mr. Ruy, one of the solicitors to the company, delivered to the plain. tiffl1,000 of the company's shares, the deposits on wvhicw as duly paid. The shares not turning out so profitable as wvas anticipated, a decrease of cordiality seems to have arisen among the directors, at least as far as the plaintifE and defendant were concerned, and ins 1854 the plaintiff made certain inquiries by which he ascertained that the 1,000 shares giveuto him were not unahlotted shares, butshsareswhichbad previously been allotted to thechairman. and which the chairsnan ws not unilling to get rid of. Upon this the plaintiff filed his bill to set aside the transfer on the ground of de ception, alleging that his offer of taking the sbAres was to advtance the interest of the oompany by decreasing tbe.xummber of anal'otted shares, and if he bad known tha tEe sharee palmed upon him were the chairman's shares, he would not
- TICE-CRANCETF.TflTS' COURTS. APRIL 5. WOO6S iV. THE SDUSTRIAL GESERAL LIFE ASUTRANCE A 1'. T Slr.PnRT COMPANY. (Refore V u.p ?rn .Sir R. T. KLNDERSLEY.1 The arguments in this, case were resumed this morng. Mr. Baily and 3r. C. C. Berkeley having addressed the Court, the case stood over unti! MIonday next (this day), there being a proposition for a compromise. The VICE-CHAECELLoF directed the motion to stan,d over * accordingly. __
SPRING ASSIZES. 7rcTrNP1 OTnflmsT T AINTON. APR1L 4. George Rogers, Henry Dufferty, Cnarles Hawkins, Thomas Dallimore, William Oldfield, Joseph Taylor, Mark Fawkes, Williain Belston, and William Ryan wvere indicted for having, on the 6th of December, burglariously broken and entered the house of Mary Baber, and stealing a spoon, a ring, a pencil case, three spoons, a watcbhuard, and St. in money, and beatin- and striking Jamnes Veale, otherwise Flower, on the heal. This case created immense interest. MIr. T. V. Saunders and Mr. Everett were counsel for the prosecution, and 3Mr. Cole defended Rogers and Taylor; hir.7Edwards defended Belston ; Mr. Bailey appeared for Oldfield; and Mtr. Edlin for Hawkins, Dufferty, Dallimore, and Fawkes. The following evidence was adduced Mary Baber.-I am a widowv, residing at tKensham. The house stands by itself. On the-6th of December the occupants of the house were myself, my sister, my aunt, my uncle, and =man and maidservant. I was up last that night. All the doors and windows were fastened. There were five rooms on the first floor-a storeroom, a room in which Mrs. Hopkins slept, a room in which Mr. Jones and the man slept, my room in the front, and a room in which the servantmaid (Cambridge) slept. The storeroom window had not any shutter. Between 2 and 3 o'clock on the mornng of the 6th of December I vwas disturbed by a noise, and footsteps, and cries. I jumped out of bed and fastened my door, and went to the w%indow to make an alarm, when two men burst into the room. Their faces were covered with something black. I had a light in my room. One of the men was a tall, stout man ; the other rathershorter, and stout. Theyhad ontheir heads "bowler" hats, fastened under the chin. They demanded my money. I said I would give them all I had, and I gave them my pocket With my money and my keys, and told them to search and take what they liked. Those men were Rogers and Duffertv. I afterwards saw them at the Bedminster station. I hsewJ them directly. They said there were 20 round the house, and it would be of no use to offer any resistance. Dafferty had a life-preserver with a knob at the end. He flourished it about, and said lie 'would have my money or my life, and that I had more money hid about the house. I told him he must take my life then, for I could not give him what I had not. There were some silver articles on my dressing-table, which they took. It was my custom to go and receive my rents about November or December. They said thev knew I had received a sum of money. I told them I hid, but I had put it in the bank. They asked for my bank-book. After that Dufferty left the room, and Rogers reniaine' sitting in a chair opposite to me for a quarterfanhour. The light was burning all the time. l)Ufferty returned, brandished the life-preserver over me, and said he would have my money or my life. After a time Rogers said, " We are going dow n to have something to eat and drink, and if you make a noise we shall come up again." I saw no more of them. I was afraid to move, but hearing groans in my uncle's room I went to that room, and saw James YVeale bleeding on the bed. I believe that at that time they had left the house. The clock struck 3 while they were in the house. They had asked for my watch. I told them I did not Wear one. They said I did, and asked where the oldfashioned watch was, and I told them I had changed it away. I had till recently been in the habit of wearing a watch. After the men had left I sent Veale down to fasten the door. The t'ings in my sister's room were all strewn about. The constable came about 5 o'clock. I had sent for him. Some silver spoons and gold articles were taken from my sister's room. St. in money was taken from my uncle's room. The door of the parlour had been burst Open, and some bottles with wme and gin had been taken out of the cuphoard which had been locked. It had been forced open by some instrument. The woodlwork had been broken. Cross-examined by Mr. COLE.-I had gone to bed about 10 o'clock. The light in my room was Child's night light - it was placed by my bedside. The curtains of the bed were not drawn. I was frightened, but I did not lose my presence of mind. I saw the mien perfectly. I had not the slightest opportunity of discovering their features. The tall man was dressed in a dark smockfrock, and that man was Rogers. Seven men were placed before me at the Bedminster station. I picked out Rogers from a knowledge of his shape. I first thought Rvan was like the man; but I had a doubt, and said his shoulders did not appear to be broad enough. I also knew him by his voice. When they left the room the light disappeared. By 3r. EDLLN.-It was not moonlight, but it was a clear brght night. I will swearto the man. By Mr. EDNAr.Dn.-Belston lives near me in the village of Keevnshani. He works for his brother, who is a carpenter. *WVen .Ryan was asked if he would put any questions to Mrs. Baber, he said he had not heard a word that had been said. The learned judge then explained to him what had passed, but he had nothing to ask. E. Cambridge.-I am the servant of Mrs. Baber. In the night I was awoke by persons in the house. They did not come into myroom. I heardfootsteps. Theylifted the fastening of my door. I got out of bed and listened at the door. I heard a person walk down the passage ; he appeared to have a hobbling, cripplish -way of walking. It -.-as proved that Mrs. Hopkins was too ill to attend as a witness, and, after a good deal of discussion, her deposition before the magistrate was read in which she stated, anio" other thinlgs, that she was awoke by a man standing by her bed side, wvho demanded her money. She told him to take her pocket. HXe covered her over, and took her pocket. James Vcale.-I am in the service of George Chapple, who rents mrs. Baber's farm. I slept in her house to guard it. On the Gth of December 1 slept in the same room with IMr. Jones, who is more than 80 years of age. In the morning I saw two men come into the room with a lantern. They struck me with a cudgel while I was in bed. I was nearly stunned. The wound bled very much. They wrapped me up in the bed clothes, and put the clothes in my motith, so that my breath was almost gone. The men bad something over their faces. Two men were on me, and I heard some one at Mr. Joneses box. After the men were gone I went for the constable. I have known Belston for 30 years, but I never knew any bad deeds of him. Fawkes lives at Keynsham. I saw a ladder the next morning against the storeroom window. It had been brought from the barton. J. H. Cantle.-I am a constable at Keynsham. I was sent for about 4 o'clock in the morning. I examined the house. I found a ladder had been placed against the storeroom w-indoNv. The vwindow had been broken so that a hand could be put in and the bolt renioved. I went into V eale's room and saw a pillowcase covered with blood. On the 18th of December I went to the house of Hawkins about 4 o'clock in the morning. I found a turnscrew, a painter's kiife, a whip heavily loaded with iron or lead, and twro centre bits, which fit into an iron frame called a "eiinmy," a roughchisel, a bull's-eye lantern, two liepreservers, a pair of indiarubber goloshes, pair of pincers, and three Jem Crow hats. Hawkins was present, but did not say anything. On the 20th of December I went to 3Mrs. Baber's house with Policeconstable Britton, and I pointed out the storeroom window. AWe compared the turnscrew with marks on the window. They corresponded. We also went to the cupboard, and found the marks on the door corresponded with the chisel. I took Belston into custody on the 9th of December. I afterwards took him, with two others of the prisoners, from Shepton Mallet to Bedminster. On the road Ryan urged Belston to speak ont liko a man, and tell the truth, and said, " You can clear the lot of us;, you know who it was committed the robbery, and you ought to speak out when you know we are innocent and you know I am suffering wrongfully. You told me who were going to do it before the robbery, and you have told me so since. Why don't you speak out like a man, and tell the truth, and not see us here handboltedY' ilelston said, "I will tell all I know when before the magistrates. will that do for you 1" Some time after Ryan said to ieistoa, "You know I am suffering for another man-in the place of George Rogers2" Belston replied, "I believe you are." Bowker said, .'Who is George Rogers ?" Belston replied, "Why, you iknow him well- it's George Rogers, the fightingman of Bedminster." 'Ryan kept a horse and cart at that time at Mrs. Clarke's, about 400 yards from Mirs. Baber's. Cross-examined by Mr. ConE.-It is quite judicious that I should have acted as I did. By Mr. EDLS.-I have been very active in getting up the case. The articles I have produced were in a cupboard in Hawkinss house. By -Mr. EDWAItDS.-The prisoners were in a fourwheeled vehicle when I took them to Bedminster. I took a note of the conversation while they were talking. Benjamin Britton.-I am a police-constable, and accompanied Cantle to search the house of Hawkins. The implements we found were those used by housebreakers. I assisted to compare them with the marks in the house, and th,ey corresponded. Hawkins walks ;very strangely on his legs-much knocked-sneed. I should know his walk half-a-rmile off. George Chapple.-I rent the farm of Mrs. Baber. I have employed Fawkes on different occasions at the farm. I saw Bestor on the Saturday after the robbery; he came to nmy shop for some beefsteaks. Two or three men had been taken up on suspicion. He said to me, " You may depend upon it none of the Keynsham people know anything of the robbery, it was the Bedminster gang who robbed Mrs. Edgell and Miss Dyer. I told him I thought differently. EIe sud, " Yonmay depend upon it they don't, and I will gave you my reasons; I was down at Collins's beerhouse, and re had a sort of, ho_se-warming nd stayed til 1 o'clock in the mormng; when I came out I saw six of the Bedminster gang coming up the hill-they generally go about in gangsand ihey were coming up two first, three next, and one behind. I followed them up as far as Dr. Lodge's. I said to them 'God night,' and theyreturned it.' He saidhe bad seen the same men several times. I told Bowker of this, 2nd Belston was apprehended. E dwardMortimer.- live at Keynsham. On the night of tbe6th of December I was going from Eeynsham ts Bristol about 12 o'clock. I met an old cart and horse, and h.h ee or four 3men riding. A little distance further I raet two men walking. They had Jem Crow hats on. They were going towards oyalism. I have sinrce seen a hone and cart, and Ilam prelty positive the horse is the same.I Cross-examined.--I*asonhorseback, trottingalong.TherI was not any moon, but it was a starlight night. I don't know whether I passed any other horse and cart that night. I was going to Bristol on business. Mr. Bos-er came to me. James Hamlyn-I am in the police force. I was before the m~cA atres wihen the prisoners were there. Hawkins is knock-kneed, and wvalks badly. On that day he walked across the room. Eliza Cambridge was present. The horse and cart showvn to Mlortimer belonged to Rogers. James Summers.-I am a detective. I took up Hawkins. He asked what it was about. I said, "About the job at Keynsham." He said he knewfnothing about it. I said, '-Belston says you do." He said, "I always said thehad no steel in him." Emma Bryant.-I lived w ith Ryan at Reynsham on the 6th of December. I know William Belston. On the night of this robbery William Belston and Mark Fawkes came to our house about 11 o'clock. Belston knocked at the door, and asked if Ryan was in. I said he was, but he had been lying down. Both of them came in, and I went and called Rtyan, and he came downstairs. They said they wanted somethingtot-rink, and Beiston said he had but one sixpence in his pocket, and he gave it to me, and I fetched him a quart of been. They sat down and remained about an hour, and drank the beer. Belston said, "I expect some men to come here presently." Ryan said, "I suppose you do; youpromisedto meet them here." After a time some one at the door. I opened it, and saw a number of men on the roadside. That was about the middle of the night. Rogers I knew perfectly well; he was one, and Dufferty, Taylor, Dallimore, Hawkins, and Oldfield. After they knocked, Ryan, Belston, and Fawkes went out to them, and they all went on the road together towards Mrs. Baber's house. I shut the door and went on with my sewing. In an hour Ryan came back, and asked if I had any supper for him. I put it out and he had it, and went to bed. I carae downstairs between 3 and 4 o'clock to turn the cat out. As I was returnimg upstairs I heard a great noise in the road. I called Ryan, as they were throwing at the window. He got up and told them he would meet them between 3 and 4 o'clock the next day. I looked out and saw Oldfield, Taylor, Hlawklins, and Dallimore. There were seven or eight of them. I had known all the men before. The men then went away towards Bristol. I had no difficulty in seeing their faces. Cross-examined by Mr. CoLE.-I have lived at Bed. minster. I don't know when I first became acquainted with Ryan, or how long I lived with him. I think about a twelvemonth. I never lived at Bath. You make a grand mistake. I lived in service many years ago. I have since learnt a trade, I always got my living in an honest way. Ryan was the first man I lived with. I wvas examined here yesterday. I don't know that I was on my oath yesterday. DuBferty is the man. I said yesterday that he was not, but he is the man I saw in the road. He is the man who came into my house with the bloody face. I was in custody seven or eight days before I gave any evidence against these men. I did not hear of any reward. I never said I had heard of the reward. rShe said before the magistrates that she had heard of it.] I don't recollect having said so. I was charged wvith receiving the stolen goods. I was very comfortable in the union. All my wardrobe is there. The men did not all come in; Dufferty came to the door-none into the house. Can't say how long I had been in bed before I went to turn out the cat. I was partly dressed. I called Ryan ; he opened the window, and put his head out. The moon was shining, and the stars. It was light enough to discern the characters in the road. Ryan spoke to Rogers. I never said Rogers first spoke to me-it was Dufferty. Then Rogers asked also if Ryan vas in. I had seen them often, and knew them all verv welL There were seven or eig,ht-ei-ht-Dufferty, Peckaridge, Dallimore, Oldfield, Turner, MariK Fawkes, and Rogers. I mentioned a Bondoner-he was there. That makes eight or nine. Ryan kept a cart Belston spoke about puttinganew wheel to it a few days before. Iwas not in company with Thomas Dufferty at Bristol. I did not tell Ryan so at Kleynsham. I have not a brother, George Bryant. I bad the clothes I now wear wihen I was taken up, and before I knew Ryan. Wiliam Oakley (governor of Taunton Gaol).-In January, when Ryan was in my custody, he requested me to take down-u a statement, which I produce. The substance of it was, that he was accidentaly near the house robbed at 3 o'clock in the morning, and a man rushed out and said, "Look sharp, here's a bloke or two leaving;" that he (Ryan) then saw several men, among whom he noticed Emery, Rich, and another man, andheard them say, "Stick toeether, it's late," &c. 5fr. SAUNDER:S proposed to read the deposition upon oath I of Duafferty, one of the prisoners, made after he was in custody on this charge; and coited "R. v. Tubbs," (5 C. and P.) Mr. EDVARDS and Mr. COLE cited (1, Hale.); "R. v. Smitlh" (1, Starkie); "Regina v. Rivers-" "Reginav Pitchly" (1, Taylor's Law of Evidence, Archbold Ev., 194.) Mr. Justice CROWNDER rejected the evidence,-it not appearing that the prisoner had been actually dischargedI out of custody before hewas examined upon oath as a witness, and made the deposition now proposed to he read against hlim. The case for the prosecution being closed, MEr. EDWARDS submitted that there was no evidence against Belston to go to the jury. The JUDGE decided that there was evidence for the ju Mr. BAITLEY made the like objection for Oldfield. The JUDGE overruled the objection. Mr. COnE, for Ro-ers and Taylor; Mr. EDIR, for Hawkins, Dufferty, Dallimore, and Fawkes; Mr. EDWARDS, for Belston; and Mr. BArLn, for Oldfield, addressed tha jury, urging every topic that could by possibility be brought forward on behalf of their clients. Witnesses were called on the part of Rogers and Oldfield to Drove an albi. The learned JUDGE having summed up, The jury returned the following verdicts :-Belston, Not Gailty; Rogers, (Atilty^; Taylor, iVot Guilty;; Oldfield, zYot Gutilty; Hawkins, Guilty; Dofferty, Guilty; Dallimore, N{ot Guilty; Fawkes, Nfot Guilty; Ryan, NYot Guilty. ~ ~ ~ ~ Gity Ra, o Judgment of death was recorded against Rogers, Dufferty, and Hawvkins. Ryan and Dallimore, who were convicted of burglary yesterday, were sentenced, Ryan to 14 yearsetransportation and Dallimore to four years' penal servitude. There were other indictments against those of the WI-i soners who were convicted for other burglaries, but they were not proceeded with. Fawkes pleaded " G uilty" to an indictment charging liim Nith receiving stolen property, and was sentenced to four years' penal servitude.
OXFORD CIRCUIT GLOCEOSTET APRITf 4 CIVIL COURT.-(Before Ar. 'Justiec CRESSvELL and a SpeciaZ Jury.) CRAISG V. VIRE. Mr. Keating, Q. C., and Mr. Phipson appeared for the plaintiff; and lr. Whateley, Q. C., Mr. SerjeantPigott, and Mr. Powell forthe defendant. The plaintiff in this action, the Rev. John Craig, was the vicar of Leamington, in the county of Warwick; and tho defendant, Matthew Wire, was an inhabitant of the parish and lay rector. The action was brought to recover damages for a libel, published by the defendant in the Leamnington Courier, on the 1st of April, 18.5, in the form of a memorial addressed by the defendant and other inhabitants of Leamington to the Bishop of Worcester, complaining of the conduct of the plaintiff in respect to his management of certain finds raised by him for the enlargement of the parish church, and his not accounting for the saine, and also in regard to his misapplication of certain charitable funds over which he had the control. The defendant pleaded the general issue, and also a plea of justification, stating that the matters contained in the alleged libel were true. It appeared that the memorial in question bad beenl agreed upon at a meeting of the parishioners of Leamington, and addressed by them to the bishon, and that it had subsequently been returned by the bishop with the opinion of an eminent civilian thereon. A meeting of the parishioners 'was held on the 30th of March, 1854, when this opinion was received. It was then deternined that the memorial should be published, and several gentlemen, of whom the defendant was said to be one, called on the publisher of the Leeminugton Courier to secure its publication in that journaL A contract was then concluded for its publication for the sumi of 10. ; and it accordingly appeared on the 1st of April, 1854. The memorial, with the introductory account of the vestry meeting and other matters connected therewith, occupied 11 columns of the Cozu'ier, and constituted what was described by the learned counsel for the plaintiff as a gigantic bill of pains and penalties against the plaintiff. The trial occupied the Court a portion of yesterday and the whole of this day. At the conclusion of the examination of the plaintiff, which lasted about seven hours, it was agreed that the cause should be referred to the arbitration of 3Ir. Whittmore, Q.C., who was to examine into tho accounts, and see if anything was,duefromtheplaintiffalso to consider the best mode of proceeding to complete the church, and, if necessary, the nominate a conunittee for that purpose. CRtIIst.\L COURT.-(Beforc Jf?-. Baron BA1nVErL.) Abraham Harding, 27, labourer, was chargedwith robbery with violence, being armed with a bludgeon, on Saimnel Wlright, and stealing from his person a purse and 131. in money, at Marihfield, on the 18th of November, 18x, after a previoUs conviction. Alr. Sinner and Mr. Somerset appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Sawyer defended the prisoner. It appeared theprosecutor was a farmer, living at Marshfield. On the night of the 18th of November last he was at a publichouse, where he stayed from 7 o'clock till a-quarter before 1, drinking and smoking. As he was very dnrik when he left, the landlord went with him for the purpose of protecting him, until he got within a-quarter of a nmile of home. Shortly, after some one sprang upon him, and, striking a heavy blow on his head, laid him senseless on the ground. On coming to himself he -found his purse and money were gone. fe gave a description of a note which had been taken from him to the police, and offered a rewvard for the discovery of the robber. It was shown that fhe prisoner had been drinking in the same house with the prosecutor on the night of the robbery, and that when he left at 12 o'clock he had not money enough to pay for the beer which he had drunk. A few days afterwards he was seen at Bath by different persons with several sovereigns in his possession; and lie also went into a shop and purchased a coat, which he paid for with a 5L.-note which was identified as the one stolen from the prosecutor. A large stick was found on the spot where the robbery took place, and some footmarks were identified as being similar to what might be made by the prisoner's shoes. Mr. SAwBE having addressed the jury for the prisoner, and The learned JuDGX having summed up the evidence, The jury found the prisoner Guilty. -l hr. Baron BsRAwELL, in passing sentence, said it was fortunate for the prisoner that he had not killed the prosecutor; but in consequence of the violence used the Eentence must be severe, which was that he be transported for 20 years. The follmowing prisoners, convicted of night poaching, ,with violence, were this morning brought into court, sad sentenced to penal servitude as follows :-Giles Ball (the elder), six years; Giles Ball (the younger), four years; George Ball, four years, Henry Ball, four years. The following prisoners, convicted of night poaching, with less violence, were sentenced to various terms of imprisonment, as foUows :-Henry Parker, six months; William Dowler, nine months; Charles Mfore, nine months; William SmaUlwood, one year. John Light was charged with wilful and corrupt perjury, committed on the 4th of August, 1855, before the justices at petty sessions, at Thornbury, in this county. Mr. Skinner appeared for the prosecution; 3Mr. Whateley, Q.C., .Mr. Huddleston, and Mr. Davis appeared for the defendant. The defence of the defendant in this instance was undertaken by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, who instructed counsel to appear on his behalf. It appeared the defendant was a common informer, and had been employed by the Excise. Among other informations laid by him was oneagainst DanielAllen for selling cider, spirits, andtobacco without licenese on the 18th of May last year. The information came on to be heard at the petty sessions on the 4th of August, and resulted in a conviction, with the full penalties. The prisoner then stated that, on the day in question he went with a man named Locke to the house of the prosecutor, who is a dealer in butter, at Sheppardine, and also keeps a ferry-boat on the Severn. He said he was there supplied with cider, rumi, and tobacco by the prosecutor's wife, and paid for them in the presence of the prosecutor and other persons. On the other hand, the prosecutor caUed Locke and other Persons to contradict the defendant, but, being convicted, be immediately preferred a bill of indictment against him at the last assizes, which now came on to be tried. Evidence was given to show that at the time in question the defendant was at Lydney, and not at Sheppardine, and the prosecutor, his wife, and daughter sw.ore distinctly that they never sold the defendant the articles mentioned, and, in fact, that they only purchased such articles as those named is. small quantities, and for their own private use. This evidence was, howvever, after an adjournment of the trial, contradicted by a person who ad sold 25 gallons of spirits to the Allens within nine months of the month of May, and, on the wife of the prosecutor being recalled, she was constrained to admit that she had purchased spirits in large quantities within a short period of the 18th of May. Under these circumstances, Mr. SKsINxxa felt it to be his duty to retire from the prosecution, and the defendant was Acquitted. Mr. Baron BiAriVELL observed, that probably some one ought to be convicted of perjury, but not the prisoner at the bar. THE QUEEN V. SEAEORN. Mr. Skinner appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Smythies for the defendant. In the case of "Slade v. Seaborn," tried in the Civil Court on Monday last, there was a conflict of testimony between the plaintiff and defendant, both of whom were examined as witnesses, each in support of his own case. The jury believed the evidence given by the plaintif and, accordingly, found their verdict in his favour. This decision involved a charge that the defendant had committed perjury. Mr. Justice Cresswell thereupon committed the and directed an indictment to be pred the him hictse was done, and being found by the grandury, theindict tnow came on to be tried. The evidence was for the most part the same as that given bybthe prosecutor on the trial of the caue, except that one or twvo additional witnesses were calledhy the defendant, and theystated that the prosecutor in their presence hadgiven a different version of the transaction from what be gave on the trial and now repeated. The result was that the jury now disbelieved the prosecutor, and Acquitted the defendant adding that, in their opinion, he left the court without the slightest stain on his character. On the trial of the cause the learned Judge had granted immediate execution, but Mr. Baron BuRnIvxNEL, having expressed his concurrence in the verdict of acquittal, now directed the execution to be stayed, and advised an application to the Court for a new trial. The trial of this case concluded the business of these assizes.
NORTHERi N CIRC=T. LIVERPOOL. ?lrtI 5. C'nL CoLunr.- -(Before A2fr Julstice WILLES and a Special Jury.) LISTEr V. HOIME A2ND OTHERS. This was an action brought by the plaintiff, James Lister, as representative of the Liverpool Union 3dnk, to recover the sum of 1,5001. upoIi a guarantee given by the defendants, Messrs. Samuel and James Holme, contractors in Liverpool, on behalf of a person named Dempster. MT. Hugh Hill, Q.C., and Mr. Milward appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Edward James, Q.C., and Mr. Maelish for the defendants. Mr. HILL, in opening the plaintiff's case, stated that in the year 1843, one of the defendants, Mr. Samuel Holme, applied to the plaitiff, asking him to open an account at the Union Bank with 3r. Andrew Dempster, who had formerly banked there in partnership with a person named Wilson, and the defendant having stated that Dcmpster was then engaged in some large contracts under his frm, it was agreed that the defendants should give a guarantee for 5001., and the account was duly apened. Aftenvards the guarantee was renewed, and the balance against Dempster continued to increase until November, 1852, when Dempster's account became overdrawn to the extent of 1,5731. Upon this the plaintiff suggested that, instead of constantly renewing the guarantees, the defendants should give the bank one continuing guarantee for the sum of 1,5001., which should remain in force during the time that Dempster's account remained open. The usual printed form of the guarantee was filled up and executed by the Messrs. Hlolme. Dempster's balance went on increasing. The Messrs. Holme having been made acquainted with the fact, Dempster was pressed for payment. At the latter end of 1854 Mr. Lister wrote a letter to the Messrs. Holme, stating that Dempster's account had not been reduced, and wishing the matter to be cleared. On the evening of the 30th of December, at the close of bankinghours, a clerk of the Messrs.Holme cameto the bank. The clerk said, "I have come from our people with 1,0001. on Dempster's account." The money was taken, and the usual receipt given. No mention was made of the guarantee at the time of this payment; it was a payment made on Dempster's accomut, and it was carried to Dempster's running account. Afterwards Lister became bankrupt, and MUessrs. Holme, in rendering their account, debited Dempster as if they had paid the 1,0001. to him, and the bana-had also given Dempster credit for that sum upon his own " running" account. The defendants were then caled upon by the bank for the amount of the guarantee, to wbich the defendants replied that they had already paid the sum of 1,0001., and, liaving paid 5001. into court, insisted that their liability was at an end. The facts of the case being fully proved as above, Mr. J,%m s- addressed the jury at considerable length on the part of the defendants. He said the main question for them to consider was whether the defendants were to be held responsible for two separate sums. The bank contended that the accounts were separate and distinct. The contention on the part of the Messrs. Holmo was that they were one and the same; that they were only bound to pay over to the bank any sum by which the debt owing to Dempster from them would exceed the amount of their guaranteethat is, if the debt owing by Messrs. Holme to Dempster was 2,0001., they then would be compelled to pay over to the bank 5001. only, because that would be the amoumt in excess of their guarantee of 1, 5001. It would really be an e6traordinary thing if they came to thie conclusion that the agreement made out by the bank was the real one entered into. Why did the Mlessrs. Holme pay the 1,0001. into the bank? If they wished to pay it to Dempster they would surely have paid it into his own hands. Paying it to the bank showed that they were doing something in discharge of an admitted liability to the bank. The Mlessrs. Holme had retired from business in 1S51, and since that time they had had no further transactions with Mr. Dempster. The learned counsel then went on to argue the point in issue, and contended that he had both law and common sense on his side. Messrs. Samuel and James Holme were called. They declared that when they paid the 1,0001. into the bank on Dempster's account they were under the impression they were thus discharging so much of the guarantee. His LoPmsiup, in summing up the evidence, said, the Messrs. Holne, having paid the amount of the guarantee, and the amount owing by them to Dempster not being as much as the guarantee, they held they were absolved altogether. This was the real question at issue; and he considered it would have been desirable, under such circuinstances, to take the opinion of the Court on the point. Now, the Messrs. Holme held that " all the payments we were to make you were to go in discharge of the guarantee of November, 1853." The bank, on the other hand, said, "You must pay us what you owe Dempster, and you must further pay us the balance not exceeding the 1,50V1. Then, again, thc defendants said, "We only gave you the order for the purpose of entitling you to receive all we should owe to Dempster, though it should exceed the amount of the guarantee." His L;ordship then proceeded to sum up, and comment upon the evidence. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for 1,3911. 1os. 7d. Both Courts were occupied a great part of the day in trying shipping cases devoid of any public interest.
POLICE. IAWsiON-rrousE.-Jaxues Beaumont was charged with robbing a young lady named Hannah Helena Baglehole, residing in Keppel-place, Brompton, of her purse, while riding in an omnibus. The prosecutrix said,-Yesterday afternoon I got into an omnibus in Leadenhall-street to proceed to the west end of the town, and between the Mansion-house and St. eaul's Churchyard the Prisoner got in, and sat next to me on my right side, where I kept my purse. I was much annoyed by the manner and needless pressure of the prisoner at sny side. On my turning to look at bins, lie looked steadfastly at me, upon which the conductor said he would put me into another onmibus to tzake me where I was going. \While addressing the conductor I felt something at my pocket, a; if the prisoner was pressing against it. I rose to get out, and the prisoner's hand was so fLxed that he made a disagreeable jerk to get it awav from me. I turned round, and said to him, "You have,taken something out of my pocket." The Prisoner denied this. I then asked him to give me his eard, upon which he threw down my purse, rushed past me, and ran away. I pursued him, as did also the conductor of the omnibus, who brought him back. He entreated me not to give him into custody, but I refused to listen to his appeal. Mr. G. Steer, a gentleman residing in Piccadilly, corroborated the evidence of the last witness. T. Gellatly, constable No. 493, proved finding the purse at the bottom of the omnitus. The prisoner was remanded. GUmnAaLL.-Charles Sawford, a respectably.dressed young man, was charged with stealing a watch during the fire which occurred in Fleet-street on Tuesday last. Thomas Henry Barker, of 52, led Lion-street, Clerkenwell, stated that he was in Shoe-lane about 10 o'clock on Tuesday night, when the prisoner came and satoa near him. He moved further off, but the prisoner kept close to him, and he shortly afterwards felt his watchguard pulled. He missed his watch and caught the prisoner's hand, when he observed the watch in it. He called for the police, but while they were coming the prisoner managed to pass the watch away to someboay else. lThe watch w.as worth 21., and had not been recovered. The prisoner was fully committed for trial. BOW-STRET.---Lieutenant Charles Henry Ackerleys R.N., who was accompanied to the court by his solicitor, MIr. Cole, attended before Mr. JARDINE to enter into his own recognizances to keep the peace towards Mr. Tonna, the secretary to the United Service Institution, in confornity with a previous arrangemnent. The amount of the recognizance was fLxed at 2001., for 12 months, and, the requisite form having been complied with, his worship exyressed a hope that Mr. Ackerley would feel himself bound in honour to adbere to the pledge he had undertaken. M r. Cole.-You will not go there again, Mr. Ackerley, 'will you now ? Defendant.-Oh, certainly not. I have no object in to3ng there, and no w,ish either. But let me understand; is this matter all over now ? Mr. Cole.-Yos. Defendant.-Very well; then I have now to apply for'a summons against one of the members,-firstly, for a personal assault on myself. Mr. J,.RDINE suggested that the defendant should ccnfer with hli solicitor upon the subject, before persevering in his application. Defendant.-But they have kept me out of S0,0001., and this is the cause of the whole affair. The defendant was again advised to defer proceedings agaiust the gentleman named at present, and finally he consented to wait, upon the clear understanding that it would Le opn to him to adopt the course suggested, if his solicitor shotdhereafter advise him accordingly. MLAryLEnsoiE.-George Williams, a well-dressed man, was brought up on remand, charged with having on the previous Saturday mornng, at the Paddington terminus of the Great Western Railway, stolen from the pocket of Lady Glamis, of 40, Curzon-street, Mayfair, a purse containing a 51.-note and other moneys. Mr. Collard, superintendent of the railway police, attended on the part of th company to prosecute; Mlr. Lewis, of Ely-place, appeared for the prisoner, who in the first instance was defended by a solicitor's clerk. The evidence taken on the former occasion went to show that on the morning in question her Ladyship was on the platforn, and was about t6 enter a first-class carriage, when the prisoner was seen to press close against her, and draw from her pocket a purse. He was stopped by one of the company's porters, by whom her Ladyship's purse, which was lying on the platform, was picked up. There were in it a 51.-note, four sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, seven shillings, ten fourpenny-pieces, and some threepennu-pieces. The purse and its contents were identified by lady 'lamis. MIr. Collard, in replv to Mr. LoxG, said that Lady Glamis was at Cheltenhamn, and he produced a written certificate from Dr. Arnott, of that town, which was to the effect that her Ladyship was in too ill a state of. health to come to London at present. Mr. Lewvis suggested that it was a case wvhich the magistrate might deai summarily with, inasmuch as it had not been shown that the prisoner hadbeen in trouble before. ZIr. Collard observed, on the part of the company, that he must picas for a remand, and he had no doubt that on a future day he should be able to bring forward evidence to show that theprisoner was " known." The prisoner, wrho, wvhen charged at the station-house, described himself as a cigar manufacturer residing at No. 7, George-street, Worcester, was remanded for a week. WEsTmINsTEn.-Henry Charnell, butler to Mr. . T. Fisher, of 13, Eaton-place, was charged with stealing 300i worth of his master's plate. Between 7 and S o'clock on Saturday morning the prisoner told his master that the whole of the plate had been stolen from the pantry, in which he slept. It was discovered that he had been out nearly the whole of the previous night, and that the latch of the street door was fastened up He first said he went to visit a cousin who was il, but subsequently told the policeman that he went out with four men in a cab to Willies-rooms, and then to another place, and that three of the men left in succession, and when he amrived home, at 4 o'clock in the morning, he discovered the robbery. The locks of theplate-chest had not been forced. Thle prisoner was remanded for a week. Wonsnir-sTnEvr.--Edward Grimshaw and William Filbert were charged with burglary. Jones and Parsons, two constables of the H division, were on duty in High-street, Shoreditch, at 4 o'clock on Saturday morning, when one of them saw a man hurry away from the door of a licensed victuaUer in such a manner as to excite his suspicions, and on examixing the door he found the fanlight had been forced up suffic!ently to admit a full-grown person. He listened, heard a noise inside, and violently rang the bell, on which the door was flung wide open, and Filbert rushed out and tried to get past him. Jones seized Filbert, and had just succeeded in sorcing him back into the house, when the otherman, Grimshaw, rushed out in a similar manner, but was grappled with by Parsons, who also backed him into the house, and closed and fastened the door. A desperate contest theu ensued between the constables and the prisoners, one of whom (Grimshaw) made a violent blow at the head of Parsons with a life-preserver, which would probably have killed him had it taken effect, but it fortunately fell upon the edge of his hat, whichr was covered with leather, and the officer innediately seized the man, pinioned his arms, and, forcin himlback ag,ainst the waLl, there held him, the Frisoner struggling violently, and swearing he would stab Rim if he did not release hisdgrasp of him, and itfwas not til he had received a severe blow across the arm from one of their truncheons, which disabled him from' niaking further resistance, that he was at length overpowered. Filbert, on being forced back into the house, immediately proceeed to rapidly empty his pockets, from which he took a quantity of silver and copper money, which he scattered over the floor, and at the same time quietlyl dropped a heavy crowbar upon the officer's foot; while Grinnshaw, on the life-preserver being forced out of his hand, instantly reversed his jacket and poured ont a quantity more money. On searching theplace it was found that the fanlight, which had been fastened the night before with two bolts, had been prised up with the crowbar, an inner door forced off its hinges by the same means, the tUl burst open and robbed of its contents, some drawers and a chest of weaing apparel likewise brst open and ransacked, while other property had been packed Mdp on the counter ready for removal. The landlady of the house and her daughters stated that they carefully secured the premises on retiring to rest at 12 o'clock, but were alarmed the nest morning by hearing something resembling one of the doors fallng heavily, and were all so terrified they durst not venture downstairs till some time after they heard the bell umng by the police, on which they did so, and found each of the constables holding a man. Between 31. and 41. had been stolen from one of the forced drawers in copper money alone, and the thieves had helped themselves to a bottle of wine, the greater part of which. ,hey had drunk before being secured. MWr. HASThIuLL said the oflicers had acted with extreme determination and courage, and he trusted that a 'repgrt of his opinion of such conduct would be made to the Commis,ioners. ' - The prisoners declined offering the s3ightest defence, and, the depositions having been taken, they were both fully committed to hewgate for trial,-their detection- apprehension, examunation, and committal having altogethor occupied only a few hours. CTERnceVstn.-FRrances Prico, the young woman who stands charged with being concerned cwith the man Stapleton in breaing into the shop of Mr. West, jeweller, and stealing threfrom propertyof thevalue of 2,0001., was again placed at the bar for re-examination. ur. Lewcis appeared for the prosecution; and Mr. Solomon, of the Borough-road, for the defence. The evidence taken on the previous occasion has ahready appeared in this journal. lichard C. Check;ley, an inspector of the E division, was the first witness called. He said on Thursday even,ingr he, in company with Sergeant Smith, was watching the Sit-or-hWiss beershop, iu the Waterloo-road. asbout 7 o'clock he sa the prisoner go in, and after standing there for soee time she sat down in the front of the bar in company of several thieves. He then sent the witness Toili into the beershop, when the prisoner ran hastily from the bar, followed by a maan, and closely pursued by Sergeant Smith. When she was brought up the stairs she was givei into his custody, and on the way to the station the said, "I never lved at Chapel-p lace nor do I know a uan of the name of Price or Stapheton." She afterwards said, ",I left him because he knocked me about." Sergeant Smith, 1i; E, said at. a quarter to 11 on Thursday night he wient into the Hit-or-Miss beershop, in the Waterloo-road, wYhen the prisoner and a man hastily left the bar. In a moment or tw. o afterwoards he saw the landlady coining up the stairs, and then he went down and saw the prisoner in the back yard. At that time a man was trying to lift her over awall. He then caught hold of her, and said, *'Halloa, Fanny, Iwant you; lamnapolice officer." She replied, "Very well; I will go with you." He then took her up stairs, and in the front of the bar told her the charge against her, when the prisoner said, " I do not know any person of the name of Price or Stapleton, nor do I know anything of the robbery at Mr. West's." She was then conveyed to the station-house in a cab. The prisoner here said, in answer to the magistrate, that she had got nothing to say about the charge. It was not because she took the room in Chapel-place, and left her furniture there, that she had cominitted the robbery, and she thought that she must be a very clever woman to have broken into a house and robbed it. As to the bonnet-curtain produced she sold that and a bonnet for 2s. along nme ago, and as for the pieces of Orleans cloth they were to be found in. any flock bed. She knew no more of Stapleton than she did of any other manwho called to Ee her. The prisoner was then committed for trial. George Milton, John Culverhouse, and William Stapelton, dust contractors, of Belmont-wharf, Maiden-lane, were suminoned to show cause why they should not abate a nuisance ohich was injurious to the health of the neighbourhood, the nuisance being caused by sifting dust and other offensive matter. Several witnesses having been examined ps-o and con, The defendants denied the charge, and said that all the vegetable and offensive matter was put into a cart every day. Mr. TNBRwHnFT, in deciding the case, said the sanitary laws in their present shape originated from sheer necessity. Establishments of the kind now complained of were originaly harmless while outside this great and populous town, but became the focus of disease as population rapidly increased and buildings closed up round 'them. A new iease appeared in addition to the lowfevers always hanging about such neighbourhoods. The premises in question lay slongside the Regent's-canal, which afforded great facilities for the trading in dust and the other offals called "'hard and soft core" collected in the metropolis. The sifting of the one, the separating of the others, and the accumnlation of all had, according to the evidence, sickened the neighbours. There was no doubt that the keepers of these dustyards carried on their business on its original sites subject to more restraints than heretofore. That was unavoidable. The life and comforts of -mans could not be postponed to individual profit, and if the defendants had been shown to have used the best practicable means for abating the nuisance, and preventing or counteracting the effluvia dangerous to health, they would have satisfied the provisions of the act of Parliament. Now, they were not bound to submnit to a magistrate's decision, for they could if they had pleased have taken their case before a julry- but, as they had chosen to abide by his (Mr. Tyrwtitt's) decision, he was bound to say that sin his opinion the nuisance was proved to exist, as charged, and that no measures had yet been taken to prevent or couateractdanger to the health of the neighbourhood. Three cases of typhus, traceable to this cause, had occurred in one house, within 70 feet of one of the heaps of dust complained of. These heaps were estimated as containing 50 tons of " hard and soft core " both' of which were sworn to be offensive. Other parties when in possession of these premises made a like use of them, but they had been prosecuted, and then they removed the cause of complaint. Large heaps of "hard and soft core," steaming and stifling, had again arisen, to the extent described by the witnesses. He was therefore bound to convict; but, asthe defendants, much to their credit as respectable men of business, bad declared themselves ready to clear off the deleterious matter and to employ extra strength immediately to ship it off by the canal, the object of the prosecution would be answered if that wasdone within three weeks. He also recommended that the sifting, whichoccasionedso much annoyance,should -not be resumed on these, premises. It was understood that if the local authorities were satisfied with the state of theyards,&-c., at the endof three weeks the proceedings would be discontinued. Abraham Solomon, a fashionably-dressed young man, aged 27, a jewe]ler, residing at tewes, Sussex, was committed for trial on the charge of stealing four gold chains' and also with obtaiiing a quantity of valuables, watches, and other property. SoumwAts-James eIarrigan, a powerful-looking fellow areturned transport, was charged -with cutting and wounding William Rase, police-constable 254 M, while in the execution of his duty,by striking him over the head with a heavy bludgeon. MrZ. A'EECKIT said that the charge was of such a serious nature that he could not think of dealin" with it suMnmarily ; therefore the prisoner mnst be comaltted for trial. The prisoner declared that it was aU false what the wvitnesses had stated, and since he had returned from transportation he had got his living by hard work at the dockls IAMERTIL-FrancisWeetch, a shopman in the service of Mr. GaTdener, a draper in Surrey-place, Old Kent-road, was finaJly examined on a charge of pIunderl-g his master to a considerable extent. Mr. Gardener said that since the last examination he had discovered one place where the prisoner had purchased at different times two ladies' parasols, for one of which hepaid 14S. and the other l1s. He had also discovered that after the shop was shut up of a night he. was in thd habit of getting into an omnibus, goingto different houses in the city and at the west-end of the town, where gambling was permitted, carrying with him his own cards, and frequently losing as much asl10s., 15s., and20s. a-night. HeG (Mlr. Gardener) further ascertained that, in addition to taking the money from the till, the prisoner had managed to carry or send away whole pieces of goods, so that he had carried on his dishonest practices to a v&ery considerable extent. In reply to a question from the mnagistrate, the witness said that the prisoner had been in his service for 12 months, and his salary was 201. a-year besides board and lodging The prisoner, having pleaded "Guilty" to the offence, was committed to Wandsworthi House of Correction for six months, with hard labour.
SPOBTING INTELZIGE2A'CE. EPSO3 RACPES The Spring Meeting at Epsom will take place on Thursday next. The list of sport contains six items, the leading attractions being the Metropolitan Stakes and the City and Suburban Handicap. Although speculation on each event hasbeen limited in its range, yet therespectiveraces are likely to be marked by incidents of much present ancl prospective importance. Cannobielhas engrossed nearly all the betting on the Metropolitan, and is in increasing demand for the Derby. For the former event he is not likely to encounter more than 10 opponents, and their racing pretensions seem scarcely above mediocrity. - Fisherman aud St. Hubert are the leading favourites for the City and Suburban, for 4which stake a comparatively large field of competitors is likely tobe brought out. Should the weather be favourable the attendance of company rill, doubtess, be very great. The RAxsLw,ky .AIA?oE3Nxs are as under As usual, additional trains vill rnm from London-bridge to Epsom fromS lO am- tol 20 p.m., and from Epsom to London from 4 pm. to 8 p.m., duriug which time the ordinarytraffic between London and Epsom wilbe sspended. A special direct train will start from London-bridge at 145 pm punctually, and will arive at Sppsom in time for parties to reach the course before the Great Metropolitan race is run. LATEST BETTIHG AT THE WEST EN-D. Cr= AND SuupsAss. Offes to lay 35 to 40 alpt 2, or tal-e 7 to 4 T}E ntlmoroairAx. 0 to 4 agst Cannobie (5 to 2 taken freely). 10 to 1 wmanted" about Middleton. Tna DamNv. 7 to 1 agst WVentworth (taken). 1,000 to 35- Caunoble (taken three timesl-30 to w was also lajd to i0. HUNTING AFPOINTMENTS. Additional fixturesreceived since our last publication:- FoxssoLums. - Deacon's, . Mr. .-Thursday .. Caradon-inn ...., 10 45 Durham Count . . Thursday .. Sunderland-bridge .. 10 0 Moumouth.biro .. Thursday .. Skenfrith-bridge ... . 930 Pythiley .. Tuesday :.Eou1ton-park,tettering 10 4. Friday f 04 Southampton's, Lord.. Saturday .. Brigtoke, 1045 Souhapto7sLor..Teday ..anslope-park * .0 0 Friday .. Biddlesdoen-park 0 0 Stra ..Stoke-plain . . . .0 0 Worcestershire. Friday .. Tiddesly-wood .. 10 0
SuIIxII PASHA AND JAaOn-GE-NmAL Wmnixgs. -Afac simile of the superscription of a letter addressed to Colonel (now Major-General) Williams, EC.B., by Shulai Pasisha has been published. The fac si2nilc is very peculiar andby no means invites the reader to the study of a lan-- guage expressed by symbols so extraordinary. The rough translation of the superscription runs thus:-" To Williams ser&c., .-c., &c., one of the military offlcers of the English Government, Erzeroumn." A more correct and elaborate version is given by Mr. J. W. Redhouse, as follows - "(A letter to be laid) before the *vell-born side (presence)of his Honour, the holder of rank, the gentleman by extraction Williams Bey, one of those comprehendedamongthemita commanders of the very highly ranking Government of England, reposing in valour at Erzeroum." From some " critical remarks" on the style and terms of this extraordinary specimen of Turkish hyperbole, emanating from Mr. Redhouse, it appears that the phraseology is verypolite and flattering, several of the terms being more laudatory than strict etiquette required. The peculiar phrase "reposing in valour," or,asMr.Alisonhastit, "residing in voh onr," is prononncedtobo strikinglycomplimentary. Theterm " Py would apmpear to be very elastic, meaning anything from "'Prince" down to "Esquire," but it wvas properly applied to General Willliams by ShukriPasha. Otherwords indicate the utmost deference. On the other hand, M\r. Pedlhouse observes, that General Williams was fully entitled to complain of a want of deference, ,as indicated by the omission of his title as Her Majestys Coummissioner to the army of Anatolia, and the very English word "Colonerl minght, according to Turkish usage, have been prefixed to the name Williams. These two omissions mi"ht be taken as substantive grounds of complaint; but Mrn dedouse thinks the terms actually employed as pcolite and deferential as possible, and he hits, firstly, that the Pasha's secretary was not a first-class writer; and, secondly, that thePashahimself ras, in all probability, incompetent to correct any errors of style. SraTISsrsCS OF EDUCATION.-FrOm financial and other tables relating to the expenditure on educationit appears that, in the year 1S55, 369,602, was expended from edueation grants, making a grand total, since 1839, of 2,002,5S61. Last year 71,2871. was appropriated to the building aud enlarg. n of elementary schools; 6,1541. to building and enlargiug training schools; 2,4551. to books and maps, 44,878. to augmenting the wages of certificated masters and mistresses; 143,806!. to the stipends of pupilteachers ; 39,9601. to normal schools, and 30,241U. to inspection. 239,9971. was expended on Church of Englandschools, 14,9751. on Wesleyan schools, 13,2721. on RIomanist schools in Great Blritain, and 9,802!. on workhouse schools. In Scotland the established church schools received 22,9591!, and the Free-church schools 20,693!. The number of children for whom new schools were built from 1839 to 1854 amounted to 438,9S0l., the number for whom schools were enlarged and improved to 19,OS1, and the number fgo whom accommodation was created, improved, or extended to 458,06L Last year new schools were built for 33,460 children, and the number of children for whom acco.modation was created, extended, or improved was 3G,918. The number of certificated teachers actuaMly employed in teaching amoiuts to 3,432 (2,242 men and 1,190 womes), the number of assistant-teachers to 221 (of whom 48 are women), and the number of pupil-teachers to 8,524. The number of persons presented for examination to Her Majesty's inspectors between 1841 and 1852 amounted to 4,407, and of these 2,S82 received certificates-2_3 of the first class, 1,027 of the second, and 1,572 of the third class. 41, teachers have thrown up their vocation for other more profitable occupations, and 241 on account of ill-health or death. 9,78S pupil-teachers and stipendiary monitors were trained at the public expense to become teachers, but were not received into the normal schools betwveen 1847 and 185.5. Do,CASTER ArRiL FAm.-The principal annual fair in South Yorkshire for horses, cattle, and sheep, was held at Doncaster on Saturday, and was very numerouslv attended, including most of the leading dealers from London, Oxford, Birnunghaim, Manchester, and several army agents. The show of horses was small compared with former years, and anything of good quality was eagerly sought for before the fair commenced. Hunters 'were readily bought up at 70 to 80 guineas each; carriage horses fetched 50 guineas ; hacks, of good figure and nction, brought 60 guineas; good carthorses realized 40 to 50 guineas, and in one instance as much as 90 guineas was offered and refused, 109 guineas beig demanded, for a fine powerful carthorse 17 hands high. There vas only a poor showi- of colts and fillies, and a remarkable scarcity of inferior horses. Light three-year- old horses were sought after for the army, but very few were obtainable at the commission price. The show of cattle was a fair average one in point of numbers, but the condition was rather indifferent, owing to the late scarcity of keep. The usual show of entire horses took place after the regular hours of the fair, and sttracted a large concourse of- spectators. Several very fine animals of allclasseswereblought out. [Advertisemenit.)-"Elegant Arts for Ladies."-Thisis the title of a new book whichr eyeryatherahould place inl,isdaughter'sa bancl. It tres upon ever art and acrneplisbnent, ndisauperbly illustrated with 0ou engra ings. A rnore usefulor elegant book does not exist ; prioe, 3s. 6d.. idbly gilt. 'Bechstein's Handbookr Of taeWdrds (tne ak oS Ccoulcb bought bcy alglOOho keel birds. " The slender reoe~ Ores 250 descriptive ilustrations add to the utilit and -sae dl this wvork, a hich contains above 1,500 or4igia receipts for
COURT OF ALDERMEN. On Friday a Specal Court vwas held for the purpose of svwearing in Mr. rendergast Q.C., aho rwas elected Judge of the Sheriffs Court by the Court of Common Council on Th2ursday last. As soon as the minutes of the last Court had been read and confirmed, Alderman SIDNEY rose and said,-My Lord Mayor, seeing that we are summoned for the purpose of swearing in the newly elected Judge of the Sherii Court, and for no other business, I wish to ask your Lordship whether tho Court is aot master of its own proceedings ? This is the firt Court that has been called since a bill has been introduced into Parliament by the Secretary of State for the Home Department for the reform of the Corporation of London. The LORD *MAYOR (interrupting Alderman Siduey).-No doubt the Court are masters of their own proeedings, and they cnn-act upon their own roles. If they determine to proceed to other business, of course I cannot help it; but at the same timle, in sending out a very short notice, as it wasmperati*ely necessary that the Judge of the Sheriffs' Court should be swrorn in to-day, I thought it convenient to suggest that no other business than that should be taken. I therefore suggest that some member should move that no otber business be tak-en. Alderman SIDrNEy.-I trust that your Lordship, in common courtsy and kindness to me, will allow me to propose a motion, that a certain bill should be referred to acommittee. The LoRD )L%SoF.-Mr. Prendergast will be at once sworn. Mr. Prendergast then appeared at the table and was sworn into office., Immediately on the completion of this ceremony all the members rose for the purpose of breaking up the Court, and the Lord Mayor was about to vacate the chair, when Aldernan SIDNEY said,--I perceive an intimation that. your Lordship is requested to leave the chair, and I thereforevwish to ask lwhether yourLordshi pwillset this example, which is quite foreign to yourusual lioerality of characterwhether you will deny a member of the Court the privilege accorded to him by his position ? I wish to make a motion. I wish it to be distinctly understood that I do not ask any favour -whatever-I demand a iight. (Hear, hear.) The LORD MAYOR (with some warmth).-I am o0nmy legs now. When I ain on my legs upon a point of order, and a gentleman will not sit down, then I think I ouglht to leave the chair. I called this Corut for a special purpose. (Hear, hear.) A3lderman SrnNEY.-Then I hope it will go forth to the world that we are a divided Court. The LORD 3LTYO. -I called this court in consequence of its being necessary that the Judge of the Sheriffs' Court should be sworn in to-day. I called this Court at a late ho-ur yesterday afternoon for that and for no other purpose. Is it the opinion of the Couitthat any other business should be proceeded with? (Cries of "No, no.) Aldermass SDNY.-If this is thewayin which the business of this Court is to be conducted the soonerit is done away with the better. The Court then broke up. A summnons has beenissued to the members of the Common Council for a meeting of a committee of the whole Court, which includes the aldermen, for this day, and it is understood that a vigorous effort will be made to exclude the public from all knowledge of their proceedings, while measures are concerted for the purpose of opposing the bill introduced inito Parliament for the reform of the corporation.
FRcTorzEs.-The following is an official copy of instructions recently issaed, under the directions of the Secretary of State, by the Inspectors of Factories to the Sub-In.pectors in their several districtsrespecting the secure fencing of horizontal shafts above seven feet from the floor: -"A late decision in the Court of Queen'sBench having iilt an end to all doubt as to the intention of the Legislature in regard to the fencing of horizontal shafts above seven feet from the Boor, it is desirable that mill occupiers should be relieved fromn any uncertainy .as to the intention of the inspectors in consequence of that decison. We, therefore, request you to inform the mill occupiers in your re!speotive districts that we shaUeontinuenottorequfrehoriz)ntalshafts above seven feet from the Bloor to be eased, nor more than the application of rectangular hooks or pararel rods on each side of every drum, or of any other contrivance equally effective, for preventing the diving strap from lapniug or coiling npon the shaft. We continue to hold that by such precautions the shaft, as vell aS the drun or pulley, is secu2rely fenced. But if areson be rqired to be employeJ in any kind of work wlvich neceassailXy brings lhin closecto an exposed pert of such a shaft while it is in motion, it 'will of course be at the risk of the mnill occupier, for, by the luse of well-known arrangements which have already been X- tensively adopted, the liability to such contact may be avoided." The document is dated the 3d iat
?X7AL. AYD MILITARY IDTELLIGBNTCE. The following are the new regulations in regard to the baval iform:- " TLe fall-dress, Urdress, and frock coats, and alsc lkt atulettes, will be retained; but the following alter.Serns 'i1 be made : " Y=ARY BEASCH. Admirals.-The gold lace of two iunhes and one and =-crter inch in breadth now on the feU-dreta coet will be reduced to one and three-quartsijnc1i and oe inch .espectively. The ful-dress, undress, and frocd coats will have a band of one and three-quarters inch geld lace round each cu.l, and the relative ranks of rear, -sice, and full admirals, and admiral of the 9eet;, will be i-Z:tinguished by the addition of one, two, three, and four bas of tive-eighths of an inch gold lace, a-qus.rter of an inch? apart, above the band; the uper bar to be urved or tumned up the sleeve about two iWW "CAPtains, mCoruanders, &c.-The 'lull, undress, and frock coats of captains.-U1 have three bars of half-inch --old lace roond the oua,; coman-ders two ditto, and -lieutenlats -and masters one; mates and second masters, one bar of quarter-inoh cord roundthe cuffs. The upper bar in all cases being -crved up the-sleeve. "Al . tieepaulettes wvill be reduced in size. The one avmslette now worn lsv mates, second zmasters, assistantsurgeons, d paymasters' assistats --ill be discontinued, d a; wing on each-shoulder wil be substituted, being the shtap-of tho-epaulette wvithout the bullion. "MedicalOfficers, Secretaries, i'ayniasters, and Engineers. -The -full, -undress, and -rock coats will be continued; also the epaulottes; but the following alterations will be =nade . " A theco:ts will have dlistinction lace on the cufiT, hsalfan-inohin-breadth.-aeeording to the relative rank of 'the -officers,-ith the officers of the military branch, which lace is to be carried straigbt round the cuff. "- The epulettes will have the onter border or edging of the stra. a-quarter of-an ;nch in breadth, and also the inner part of the-crescent of'si-erinstead of gold; in other respects they-are-to remai:n as atpresent. * M-edicalOfficers,.&c.-The undress and frock coats of the medical-officers till have the buttons placed by threes, -and -those of secretaries and paymasters will have the buttons placed-bv twos, as in full dress. "Engmeers.-Eavineers wV-i have a uniform correspondingwithltheir relatrre rank in the military branch, the right buttons-on their coats to be pla-ed by fours. "Inspectors of.machinery will have the civil epaulettes, -with a star and anchXor on the strap, and the chief engineers wil have-the plain civil epaulettes. IAssistant-engineers of the first class will wvear two 'wings--civil class.; second and third, no wings on the shoulder. " The cockedbat-of the civil branch will have lace half tan inchin breadth, instead of bullion, and the ornaments -will also be- oi ifat lace. " The follow ing-new cap will be introduced:- " The gold-hbud will be discontinued, and a black mohair band substituted. " The ornament-in front of the cap will be the crown and anchor in- emibroidery; that of the military branch will be gold, with a-gold -and silver crown, and a silver anchor; that of the civil branch will be entirely gold. "The edgeaud upper part of the peal of the admiral -cap wiU -be .embroidered in gold; the edge only of the capLains' land commanders' caps w-il be embroidered. " The sword belts of all ranks will have slings to carry the sword, -instead of its being fastened to the waistbelt. " Midshipmen. and cadets v,il have a dirk instead of a sword. "the detailed regulations will be issued in a few days, 3and the tcorrect pattterns will also be transmitted to the ports:"! The -fleet at Spithead was augmented on Saturday and -yesterday;by 'the arrival of the Meander, 44-gun sailing fri. gat'e, CGptain Baillie, from Leith; the Transit, G, steam troop-ehip,'Commauder C. R. Johnson; the Intrepid, 6, -teamu gunvessel, Commander W. Wood, from Woolwich i the Princess Alice, despatch yacht, from Woolwich; the Mastiff and the Misletoe gunboats from the Thames. To. day Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, I.C.B., the Comanader-in-Chief, will hoist his flag in the Arrogant, 46, Captn Lyster, and proceed to marshal the fleet in the -order to be observed at the forthcoming reviewv, a rehearsal of which wiU b made on Thursday, the 10th inst., when -the ships and -gunboat flotilla will be anchored towards :Stokes Bay. The fleet and gunboats, in twVo lines, at the -closest possible available distance, will cover four miles of .vater! The gunboats wiU manoeuvre by forming line -abreast,Athen in two columns. Each division wiU be led by its respective line-of-battle ship. The Algiers, 91, Captain ZCodrington, C.B., wil lead the red squad-ca; the Colossus, -S1, Captain the Hon. H. Keppel, C.B., wiU lead 'the -white -squadron; the Brunswick, 81, Captain Yelverton, -.C.B., will lead the blue squadron; the SansTareil, -71, Captain A. C. Key, C.B., will lead the light squadron. A great number of hands was employed from. daylight nntil dark yesterday to expedite the equip mnent of-thagunboats newly taken to Portsmouth from the several contractors, in order that they may be ready to -ake part- in the forthcoming Royal naval spectacle; -aind such as are not ready by the 10th inst. are to be taken out to the anchorage, moored in line, and-called the r zeseve." One division of tle gunboat flotilla wiUl make a sham attack on the Rodney, 90-gun ship; another division -wilmake. a similar attack on the Duke of Wellington, on boardofwhich:the Lords of the Admiralty will muster; another division is to attack Southsea Castle, &c. This is -the rumoured-order of rehearsal for Thursday next. On the day- of the-review the Transit will be appropriated to catry the members of the House of Lords, and the TTrgent -will - carry the members of the House of Co-mons. :Every available craft that wiU float will have-some special occupation on the eventful day. All leave wasprohibited from the fleet on Saturday, and the signal remains in force for the present. The Fire Queen steam. yTacht, -Master Commander W. F. Paul, embarked Admirals Sir ML F.:F. Berkeley and Sir G. Seymour, and the Cap-tain of the Fleet, the Hon. F. T. Pelham, yesterday afternoon, and conveyed them out to Spithead. The-sailing transport Saldanha, No. 209, Captain W. H1. Watts, lieutenant Charles Hawkey, R. N., Admiralty sgent, arrivedat .Spithead on Saturday morning from the East, with irs-alids from the following regiments, under the -command of Captain R. W. Piper. 46th ; and in medical rcharge of ZStaff-Surgeon A. L. Adams, Assistant-Surgeon W.; V. Brown, Hospital-dresser J. Stewart, and R. F. Blackmore, purveyor on duty :-Royal Horse Artillery, 2; Osmanli Horse Artillery, 20; Ist Dragoon Guards, 6; 5th ditto, -6; Gth ditto, 6; 1st Royal Dragoons, it; 2d ditto, 9; 4th Light Dragoons, S; 6th ditto, 2; 10th Hussars, 3; 11th ditto, 2; 12th Lancers, 10; 13th Light Dr.aoons, 3; -17thLancers, 3; Grenadier Guards, 1; 1st Royal Regiment of Foot, 1st BRattalion, 1; 2d ditto, 3; 3dFoot,2; 4th, 2; Tth, 5; 9th, 2; 14th, 5; 1,th, 1; 1Sth, 4; 19th, 5;j20th,1; 97st, 1; 23d, 4; 2Sth, 3; 30th 2; 31st, 1; 33a, 1; 34th, 1; 3Sth, 2; 41st, 4; 44th, 5; 46th, 4; 47th, 3; 4Sth, 1; 60th, 1; 55th, 5; 56th, 2; 57th, 1; 62d, 1; 6I3d, 3; 68th, 5; 72d, 2; 77th, 8; 79th, 1; 82d, 6; 88th, 4; 89th, 2; 90th, 1; 97th, 3; Ist Battalion Rifle Brigade, 2; 2dditto, 2; Ambulance Corps, 1; LandTransport Corps, 29; HoyalSappers and Miners, 2; Army Works Corps, 2; Jedical Staff, 2; German legion, 18; 2 nurses, 3 soldiers' wives, 4 soldiers' children, and 1 convict. During the passage 10 deaths occurred, and 7 bad cases were landed at Queenstown and 1 at Malta. The Saldanha is in wholesome condition, which is proved by-the fact that, with the exception of those nen who have lost limbs, all are fit to return to military duty. She went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday afternoon to land her passengers. The Transit naval steam troopship, Commander C. R. Johnson, was towed out of Portsmouth on Saturday and anchored at Spithead. The Lucifer steamtug arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday from Plymouth with superInumcraries. The Glatton, 14, steam-battery, Captain Cuinrming, was taken out of dock on Erday, and the Victor and Wanderer steam gun-vessels, Commanders de Horsey and luce, taken in for repairs. The sailing-sloop, Lily, 12, was removed from ordinary at PortsmonLth on Saturday to the dockyard, to undergo conversion to aeoal depOt for the use of the fleet at tEe Idotherhank, where a party of riggers pro. ceeded in the Pigmy steamtug on Saturday to lay down moorings for her. The steamitug Dreadnought went into Portsmouth harbour on Saturday morning with two new mortar-vessels from Liverpool. 'The new works now in course of construction at the dockyard at Pembroke are being diligently carried on. The following sums have been voted for6their comnpletionviz., the sum of 10,O0OJ. for a new roof over building-slip No.12, and for extending the seaward roof over the sameslip, 1, 7001. The roofs over slips Nos. 1 and 2 are also to be extended seaward at a cost of 3,6001.; and 14,00. is to be expended on the construction of the two new slips and the new boat-basin. The lengthening and widening of the dock --ll cost this year 10,0001., and to widen the entrance will be 5,0001. more. The sawmlls, engine-house, ard workshops have 1LO100. voted, and an additional storehouse is to cost 6,3001. The new machinery that is to be placed in this establishment will cost ',OOOI. The foundry and plumbers' shep, with new forges, store for iron, and store for oakum, wilicost 9,0001. These alterations and additions will much inprove the capabilities of the establishment. i our mortar floats, Nos. 101, 102,104, and 105, were on Saturday towed down to the Arsenal-wharf to receive their ammunition, having been stored from Woolwich Dockyard twith three months' service stock. Their respective comple~aents of ammunition were speedily shipped from the crdnance department, and they were conveyed thence on :gnday morning to Sheerness, preparatory to joining the ,Icdflla at Portsmouth. Nos. 106 and 107 of the same class, notlmeing entirely cleared from the shipwright's depart3nent, were also warped out of the fittissg-basin into the river,w, oas to be able to carry on their fitment and subse.quent,sspatch with the least possible delay. The gjnboats the Delight, No. 40, the Leveret, No. 5, and the f;ackLrel, No. 32, steamed at the same time down to the Ars4aal moorings at Woolwich frous the dockyard Itfting-basin to be equipped for their voyage, so as to asgment the fcrthcoming gunboat display, to which no in. considerable nuizber has been contributed from Woolwich 30 gun and moror vessels having been fitted owc and mnanned from the 4ockyard and arsenal there duri.g the past :ontI, some brass rifle 12-plsfder guns of a peculiar bore w-;e Lii E31ll(y i;WIde to 9.bhjn~er for exnp tg,
MARGARBEI COHUBOHYARD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TM,ES. Sir,-The "Senior Churchwarden of St. BIrgaret's"' can no doubt see as far into a brick wall as any senior churchwvardencan, bit he is wrongwhenhe supposes me to be only an undertaker. My real calling is rather that of a resurrectionist,-hence my motto, Rmesurgam." Letmemake acleanbceastof it at once, and say that I am an humble follower of the late Mr. Burke-not aSenior Churckwarden's "sublime and beautiful" Mr. Burke-but of the late Mr. Burke who lived at Edinbirgh, in the Grassmarket. Vhen that eminent man, with his associate in science, the lamented MCr. Hare, saw an oldc hag tottering along toothless, purblind, pitiable, or heard of another bedridden and palsy-stricken, they took counsel together and said, "Go to, 'tis an act of Christian charity to send these poor bodies to a better place ;" and so they sentthem. New, my calling is the same, only it is confined to bodies corporate. 'When I see an old effete abuse, a Board, a Chapter, an institution, past praying for, shivering on the brink of the grave, mocking life -without strength to live or will to die, I stesa behind it, catch it by the throat, squeeze the life out of it, and p-ush it into the pit. The first act of the tragedy over, I drag them out again, expose their decay, call out to the world, "Look! this is the body corporate which beguiled you so long with its pfetence of life; this the thing you trusted to manage your affairs. Look at it, lean, shruik, withered, rotten. lVhat is it fit for?-for nothing but a public warning and example-for nothing in a word, but dissection ;" and it is dissected accordingly. 'l his act over I become an undertaker ; having slain it, not occasionally without a paralytic struggle on the part of the old body, and some scratching of its nails and mumbling of its single tooth, I follow it to the grave; I see it decently buried, not in St. Margaret's Churchyard, and return to my home, on the top of the hearse, with the proud feeling that, after all, a resurrectionist corporate body-snatcher and undertaker may do the State some service. Even then I am not quite done with them. I write their epitaph in gravedigger's Latin and inscribe it on their tombstone; take the following as an example:- " HIC JACET SMAXDO JUSTORUit GAuDIO CUM CERTIORES FACTI ESSENT QUOD XEQUE IIN PR&SEIS lNEQUE LN FUTURM CADAVER HOCCE VXQUAM RESURREXERIT -NERABILIJS ILLE ET VECORS MIOS MORTUOS INTRA MUROS SEPELIENDI COMES DE CHIOLERA ET SACicE TERRORUM MAJESTATIS PER TOTAS BR1TANNLE. IVREFS LEGATUS ET NUICIUS " NATUS RONXE LThPERANTE DOJ5ITUN'O DENATUS LON-DLNI REGXANTE VICTORIA "SUB OPRTA HU-C CLA.mDA DEPLORANS HALIUS URBIS NE DESLNT CLERO STANIEA DONA GEMIT" Into this personal explanation "the Senior Churchwarden of St. Margaret's" has driven me. It may be "unctuously facetious" for aught I know; but I am a poor man-an umdertaker, be it remembered; I call a spade a spade, a churchwarden a churchwarden, and a job a job. And now let us see what " the Senior Churchwarden" has to say for himself; what excuse he can make for what is now being done in St. Margaret's Churchyard., First, he says,- " It is not from the want of any desire on the part of the rector of this parish, or of my co-cnurchwarden, or myself, that the churchyard has not been turfed and planted, and the thoroughfare across it closed, but simply because, having put the question to the law, the law has denied us the power of doing those things." So then he gives up the point at once, and admits that the churchyard ought to be turfed, only the lawwon't let the authorities do what they like. Now, I have heard of such a place as Doctors'-Commons, and of such a thing as a faculty, which perhaps might have given "the Senior Churchwarden?' the necessary power; but, waiving this question, I proceed to observe thatthis "Senior Churchwardea" lives in Great George-street, so that, if he is not a Parliamentary agent himself, he is sure to have one next door to him, and if he will ask himself, or his neighbour, he wfill hear of a power above the law, sitting in Parliament, which makes and unmakes laws, shuts up churchyards, sweeps away intramural burials, and sometimes even senior churchwardens. This is the power which " the Senior Churchwarden" ought to have consulted, and then, with the aid of his next-door neighbour, the churchyard might have been turfed for less money iihn the present job will cost. Then he goes on to say "5We are advised that we have no more right to take away the stones which mark the resting-place of the departed Jones or Smith (to adopt ' Resurgam's' style) than we have to pull dowvn the house of the aforesaid Jones's or Smith's successor." Well, Sir, though an act of Parliament, which has so often eaten up whole churches, tombstones, bones, and all, would permit "the Senior Churchwarden" to do all tlus, I mayremark that, as the strip which surrounds the Abbey is a good piece higher than St. Margaret's Churchyard-I mean, the piece where the six black sheep of the Dean and Chapter are now depastured-it will not be necessary to touch a stone of Jones, or Brown, or Smith. Let them lie as they are, all alone in their illegible glory; shovel fresh soil over them up to the necessary level, and lay sods over all. And now let me ask this "Senior Churchwarden," as he is so scrupulous of touching the tombstones of these Vestminster worthies, how it is that he has not the fear of the law before his eyes when he shovels away their bones and the soil which contains them? It seems to me-but I am only an undertaker-that this is something like stoning the Prophets and buildling their sepulchres; for whether is holier the stone that should guard the bones, or the bones and dust which the stone was meant to guard ? and yet one is preserved, and the other is carted away? Oh! but I forgot. "The Senior Churchwarden" denies that anybody's bones are being dug up in St. Margaret's Churchyard, and he encloses his card to authenticate his denial. Well, Sir, my card of business is too big to enclose, but I send you something instead,-three relics of mortality, picked up by the hand which writes these lines from among the dust which is being dug up and carted away from St. Margaret's Churchyard. The first, as the general practitioner who attends Mrs. Resurgam informs me, is the zdna of Smith; the second is the top of Brown's femut; and the third is a joint of the vertebral column of Jones. Smith, no doubt, was a man of like passions with " the Senior Churchwarden." This arm of his was often raised in wrath, extended in charity, entwined in love; Brown stood stoutly on this head of his thighbone against many a storm in life; round this vertebral column of Jones clung a whole host of family ties and affections, it was the rooftree of his house; his wife, and children, and dependents shot up and prospered muder its shade; well, Smith, and Brown, and Jones are dead and gone, their tombstones remain illegible in St. Margaret's Ch-urchyard, but their bones lie literally scattered before the pit, and are carted away to the outskirts of the town, a prey to dogs and cats, until some market gardener works them into an asparagus bed, wlhen they will appear in the best society on a Belgravian dinner-table. And now, Sir, I don't think I have left the " Senior Churchwarden" a leg to stand on ; but, if he should walk down to your office, pray don't give up my nane, lest he should prosecute me for sacrilege in stealing the bones which I enclose. Pray get the churchyard turfed, and believe me, Yours, &c., RESURGAvM.
SERIOUS ILLNESS OF MR. BucE, MI.P.-hIr. lewvis William Buck, M.P. for the northern division of the county of Devon, was seized with a paralytic fit on Wednesday last on the platform of the Exeter Railway station. lt appears that the hon. gentleman, accompanied by Mrs. Buck and another member of his family, arrived by the North Devon train for the purpose of going by the express train to London to rensume his Parliamentary duties. hrs. Kek-ewich, the daughter of the hon. gentleman, in company with some of her children, met him and Mrs. Back on the Exeter platform, and while he wag in the act of stooping to speak to one of his grandchildren he slightly rambled and fell on tlle platform. Medicalaid was immediately sent for, and soon afterwards the lion. gentleman was conveyed to Peamore, the residence of SIr. Sanuel Trehanke Kekewich, his son-in-law. On Friday morning it was reported in Exeter that one side of the hon. gentleman icparalyzed, and that his speech is affected, but that hopes are entertained of bis recovery. He is 74 years of age, and it is tilought that if the hon. gentleman should racover he will not Again enter on public life. If this should be the case a ymaGy it, the reprenttiojp of NPi.] Peyon wii be caus.
THB COUNT DB MONQALBMBBRT AND.! HIS TRANSLATOR. TO THE EDITOR OF TIE TIMS. Sir,-Although the quarrel maybe thought a very pretty one as it stands, wiih your permission I will encroach once more on your columns. Should Mr. Croker feel similarly tempted, I will thank him either tomodify his theory andpractice of translation, or to quote accurately (if he can), instead of translating, me. I did not " more than insinuate" that he is the translator, nor that " any other translator" wasamyth tome. Inmyfirstletter, whatevermy private suspicion may have been, I referred to him as the gentleman " charged with the revision and editorship ;" and in my second letter I uniformly spoke of-him as the editor. I said that "H. B." was new and a myth to me; and I heard for the first time after the appearance of her letter that these initials belonged to a lady residing under Mr. Croker's own roof. What I "more than insinuated" was, that'ihe is to all intents and purposes responsible; that both %r. Murray and myself looked to, him, and to him only; and that he has personally tampered with the passages which ifave undergone the most unjustifiable treatment. His 'letter virtually admits the soundness of my conclusions; and in confirmation of them I am perfectly content to rely on what took place between us in relation to the work. The first person who requested and received the author's authority to publish a translation (to be superintended by me) was Mr. Jeffs, of the Burlington-arcade. Before he had definitively abandoned the intention I received a letter from M. de Montalembert (dated Roche-en-Breny, C6te d'Or, February 6), containing this sentence:- " M. Guizot has written to me that a friend of his is going to publish a trnslation for MIr. Murray, but has not mentioned his name." I called on Mr. Mturray and showed him this letter. He stated that the person in question was Mr. Croker, and suggested that I had better write to him myself, which I did with some reluctance, and should not have done at all but for a circumstahce which Mr. Croker has passed over in silence. Although "Droit de trad uction .reservu" is printed on the titlepage, he had set to work without paying the author the compliment of applying to him; and my intrusion on his notice, therefore, was simply that of the steward who, seeing a sportsman trespassing, addresses him to inquire his name, and politely suffers him tocontinuehis sporting insteadof at once treating him as the poacher, which he eventually turns out to be. My object in writing was twofold-to prevent the clashing of rival claims to the exclusive privilege, and (anticipating a preface) to supply materials for a reply to some (then) current objections to the work. Mr. Croker, like an experienced hand, kept a copy of his answer and has printed it. In reply, I sent him some extracts f rom M. de ontalembert's letters, including the following:- " They must be strangely ignorant of all that I have ever done, or said, or written during the course of my life who can imagine that there is anything covert in my words or in my actions. I have been oonstantly exposed to imputations of the contrary nature, and I have never deserved these more than by publishing what I have lately written for the honour and credib of England. This act has been, and deserved to be, looked upon as an act of foolhardiness by all those who know how strong the stream of public feeling is runing against England on the continent nm general, and particularly in all Catholc countries. I have to contend, beth in Europe and America, with thne whole might of religious prejudice against Protestant England, and of political prejudice against English freedom or Englsh ambition. " With regard to the church of England, I may ba an .Assglmane, bult I cannot be an Anglican, andI should like to discover the Anglican, however unprejudiced, who has written about the Catholic church in terms such as those I have employed in speaking of the church of England. All -'s friends in France are outrageous against me for not having mentioned him and for having pointed out the errors of some EnliEsh C5atholics, and the strength and merits of the church of England. I have no doubt that many of my friends in England are of the same opinion. A. clergyman in the Unir:ers has printed ' that the Catholic Hercules (meaning me) had turned Protestant!' Such is the fate of a poor individual who attempts to struggle for justice and unpartiality against Passion and prejudice. I have been now for 25 years on the breach for the defence of Catholc truth and freedom; but, nevertheless, I am looked upon as little better than an infidel, becaulse I protest against the present idolatry of absolute monarchy. However, I intend to go on as I have done till now, and vita= fmpendere ves-o." There is a passage in one of his subsequent letters which illustrates Mr. Croker's boasted familiarity with FRrench politics and politicians: "I must confess that my a2nour prop,c was sorely wounded when I saw in 3r. Croker's letter that he inquired whether I had ever spoken in the House of Peers. Just see how this same ainozer propre is apt to lead people astray. S- had always been under the delusion that, save and except two or three veteran statesmen, like Pasquier and Mlold, I was the prominent member of that Assembly. But here comes Mr. Croker's withering ignorance of me and my achievements, which is calculated to bring me back to a healthy appreciation of my obscurity. However, both for your and hMs information, I have sent by to-day's post a few of my speeches." It is right to add that when I informed Mr. Croker of my having written to M. de MIontalembert for information on other points, Mr. Croker said, he had not applied directly, because he wished to be under no obligation; forgetting that which his position as authorized translator laid unon him. On the 17th of February he wrote to say that he could not wait any longer for some information he had requested, and he concluded thus. *' As you have been so obliging as to interest yourself in this matter, I would, if you wish it, send you the proofs of mny Introductory Skietch, and ahall be very glad to avail myself of any suggestions you may be so kind as to make on it. I gather from your letters that you and I can have bu; one desire to do julstice to H. de Montalembert, as far us i consistent waith our constitutional Protestantism." iVhen the proofs were forwarded to me, I found, to my alarm and surprise, that this 57;etch (with thexception of some general complimentary phrases) was a slashing onslaught(in the style of a well-known veteran reviewer) on the author's political conduct and principles, as well as on his religious creed ; and I returned the proofs with suggestions which, if acted upon, woulld have compelled the suppression of about 13 out of the 14 or 15 pages to which the Sketck extended. One was, that MTr. Croker had altogether mistaken the meaning of Demotucifatie ns used by the author; another, that the National Assembly of 1848, which he termed the AsscinblVe Rouge, wvas the very assembly which sent the r eluJes to the rightabout; a third, that the expressions on the strength of which ho had accused the author of speaking of the E nglish monarchy as being or likaely to become a nomaabib one, were monarchbic tenmperde and royaMet conlted e; a fourth, that what he termed a "ridiculous anticlimax;" existed only in his own imagination. It was constructed by garbling the passage (p. 296) alluding to the English constitution as having " conquis redmiration des esprits les plus eleves et les plus divers, depuis Montesquien jusqu'au Conite de Maistre." This was given in the preface between inverted commas thus-" Which has won for t84e the admiration of the most elevated minds and of thie Comte de Maistre ;"-an anticlimax with a vengeance-which was made for the purpose of introducing a biographical sketch of de Mfaistre, which will now probably be justified by an assertion that M. do Montalembert knows nothing about him, and that I know less. Receiving an unsatisfactory answer, containing the ominous words, "nwms siege estfaif'-which (subject to Mr. Croker's correction) I rather think were used by aa historian to express his indifference to truthI called on Mlir. Murray, and learned that he had anticipated me by remonstrating against the tone_ of the_sketch. Under the circunm- stances, M. de Montalembert and his friends all thought that the notes as well as the preface should be submitted for approval on his part, before the publication was permitted to pro- ceed; and to enforce these conditions I prohibited it. On the 7th of March MIr. Murray wrote to propose that the translation should appear "without note or commnent," and (never once alluding to "H. B.") added :-" P.S. You will kindly consider that in this note I am replying for Mr. Croker as well as for myself." I assented, on his pledging himself that the translation was a very good one, and it came out with the following prefatory notice " The translator thinks it necessary to state that 7e was induced to undertake the task, not from any confidence or concurrence in the auithor's political or religious views, but because the work has made a considerable sensation abroad and may afford some useful warnings, if not lessons, a. home." Now, who is the translator who here disclaimn any confidence or concurrence in the author'spo'tical or religious views ' Can "H I. B." have laid her sex so aside to speak as he ? Or has some male tranislator forgotten the pre-arranged cast of parts ? The mase resembles that of Sir Piercie Shafton, the I Euphluist, who, when weeking to escape in the dress and urder the protection of a young and pretty womAn, betrayed himself by brealdng out in ma j owrpeoculiardiction, ineseadof allowing his"H.B." to speak for him. I Independently of these unconscious revelations, before assenting to the proposition that MIr. Croker is not the translator, I shouldrequire to be informed | of the exact meaning which he attaches to the term. I An occupied sculptor commonly employs his pupils in fashioning his rude blocks of marble into shape. Could he on that ground repudiate the parentage of his Graces and Yenuses, if, in applying the master's touch, he were to make their legsbandy and their noses snub ? or, is Sir Thomas Lawrence not the painter of the tawdry and patchy picture which defaces the diningroom of a celebrated club, because the drapery and the first rough outline were painted for him ? WVhen, again, M\Ir. Croker asserts the utter inadequacy of my instances of error, he tells us in dfect how we are to interpret his declaration that he made no alterations in meaning. If it be no alteration in meaning to translate " ile part" " nowher except in England;" or "classes infermediaira" i the inferior classes ;" or " 'unit4l et la *nplicite due potvoiri" "revolutionary reform"-. then I am quite ready to believe that he has made none. When he adopts "H. B.'s" excuse thatsome passages are " obscure and entortiltes," the author miay reply-" Intelligibilia, on intellectum fero'; or, as l)r. Johnson paraphased it,-" Sir, I have found you an argument; I am not bound to find you an understanding." But, when the publisher tuggests that the notes would have made the matter clear, I am not prepared to contend that they would have been altogether valueless; for I strongly uspect that many of the alterations were made to give occasion for the display of supposed learning or ingenuity. Thus Mfr. Croker tells us that he intentionally altered the title of what he calls " an old Protest of the French Huguenots," and, after saying ! that I had got out of my depth by blaming him, he adds:- "I have even some doubt whether M. de Montalembert knew as much about it as I did,- for my emendation did no more than supply his omission of the real title of the work, which is Les Soupirs de la France Bsdiave qui aspire apres la LFberte. (See BzCrbier, Dict d&.A, 17,209.)" Of course, M. de Montalembert did not know as much about it, or anything else, as Mr. Croker -who does? For my part, I should bow to his decree, even if (parodying old Maynard's repartee) he were to tell me that he had forgotten more French than I oever read. His erudition de oetmtnis rebsus ct qutibedar aliis is positively astounding. Only, in usin.g it as a weapon of offience, he occasionally exhausts himself, and lays himself open like Baillie Nfichol Jarvie with the redhot coulter; orhe may be compared to Sir Jonah Barrington's Irishman, who, in tkying to kill a salmon with a sithe, cut off his own head and a bystander's ear. By going out of his way to show his accurate knowledge he has simply recalled attention to his want of it. To illustrate this, I must request you to reprint the following short sentences from the original and the translation "On se Fouvient que sous "We remember that in Louis XIV. les refugies the reign of Louis XIV. Francais publierent une pro- the French refugees in Engtestation intitul6e 'Soupirs land published a protesta. * e la F2-ance Esclave.' tion, entitled, 'The Sighs Aujourd'hui, silesverset la of enslaved France for Irose de ces panegyristes de iberty.' In our time, if the I u7itg et de a sim.pliciM du verses and prose of those , ouvoir m6ritaient tant panegyrists of re4olutionary I 'honneur, on pourrait faire reform, were deserving of so an recueil de dol6ances in- great an honour, we might titul6 'Sonpirs de eA7g7c- form a miscellany of comterre libre.' ' (Pp. 46-49.) plaints, entitled 'The Sighs of freeEnglandfor$taveryl"' (Pp. 45-47.) MIr. Croker has interpolated "I n EBgland" as well as "for liberty" and "for slavery." For this here is no authority. The work is a series of i m oires, and so called in all the catalogues. The best authorities are agreed that they were edited, : nd partly, if not wholly, written by Jurieu, when he was officiating as a Protestant minister at Rotterdam. Four were translated into English and published in 1690. The full title of the third is translated "I2lie Sighs of France in Slavery Breathing after Liberty.- Thie Third Memorial." Barbier, after givingthe full French title, constantly speaks of les Sttpias Jo la Fravce Bsdawe; and M1. de Montalembcert, not anticipating, this dkequssion, also used the short and popular title, whiclh amply answered his purpose. Mfr. Croker gives neither the learned title nor the popular one. We get only a Crokerian or Crokerized title; and this is the first time I ever heard it argued by the loosest advocates of the loose school of translation that the titles of books need not be translated with verbal accuracy. By describing a collection of memorials, 13 in number, and published at intervals, as " an old prfotest," he justifies an inference that he never saw one of them, either in French or English. As the comment on this passage and the quotation from Barbier doubtless formed one of the notes so ruthlessly suppressed, we may form a shrewd guess at what was in store for us. To justify the. translation of regar-d in Bossuet's beautiful description by aspect, it would probably have been shown that he was, in point of fact, alluding to the Knight of the Rueful Countenance; or; better still, the conversion of Mr. Carlyle from an " eloquent prophet" into an "eloquent advocate," for British readers might have been justified by the axiom that no man is a prophet in his own country. The real "H. B." migaht make a capital sketch of Mr. Croker, when the fate of his Preface and Notes was first announced to him, as Macduff:- " All my pretty ones ? " What all my pretty chickens, and their dam, " At one fell swvoop " One word at parting with the critics who see no harm in diluting the style of a writer like Montalembert, and maintain that the book is well translated because, even in its ill-made English dress, it still impresses and attracts. This proves nothing morethan that, be its occasional aberrations what they may, it is instinct with vigour and vitalitythat it is surcharged with the electric fire of enthusiasm-that it is quivering all over from the irrepressible elasticity of genius-that it contains many things which, like Milton's angels, cannot but by annihilating die- '" You may break, you mav ruiin, the vase if you wll, " But the scent of the roses will hang round it still." With my best apologies for the length of this letter, I remain, Sir, your faithful and obliged I servant. A. HAYWARD. ll, .nrg's Benchbwalk, Temple, April 5.
SACRED HARMoNIC SOCn-ElTijah will be -given at Exeter-hall on Friday, with Madame Clara Novello, Mr. Sims Reeves, and Miss Dolby. Herr Formes, who Las been smging at Gotha and Weimar, will arrive in England to take part in the Oratorio. This performance will be fol lowed by a repetition of Mr. Costa's Ei on the 25th inst. NoRWICH MusicAo. FESTIVAL-Tbis triennial entertaiment wiiU take place in the autumn of 1857. The Earl of Albemarle has been elected president of the committee of mranagement, and Mr. R. K Long, the present high sheriff of Norfolk, vice-chairman. CORnaroBNse GARDENS.-Mx. T. Simpson, the proprietor of the Chelsea Elysiumn, is clearly one of those gentlemen who love to take time by the forelock. Although Easter has this year come close upon the heels of winter, and the gentle gales that play around us are not precisely of the nature that suggests out-of-door recreations, Cremorne is already open,with its ballet-pantoinime,its mimic storming of Sebastopol, its fireworks, and-greatest attraction of all -its orchestra in the midst of the "monstre platform." That the gardens are not yet in a crowvded condition may readily be surmised. On many of the paths the lover of meditation may lounge in pleasing solitude, secure against the interruption of noisy revelry, and even the votaries of Terpsichore, who whirl around the orchestra, are not too numerous to render absurd a comparison between the "monstre platfosrn" and the solar system. Cremorne is, in fact, just dawning, but still all its capabilities are at hand for those who chwose to make use of them, and a few fine evenmgs may completely chango the aspect of the place, so that the hermit wil be crowded out of his lonely walk, and the solar system of the p]atform will be filed up with the likeness of a galaxy. fn the meanwhile, we- may cal especial attention to the ballet, which Iakes place within four walls, and therefore is not affected by the state of the weather. It is, properly speaking, a French pantomime, in which the fantastic humour of Mr Seymour, the Pierrot, is fully displayed, while the costumes and scenery are so excellent and such skilful economy of space is exhibited in the management of the small stage, that we have the rarest of all results-a spectacle in miniature. A WsiFes RE- oGE.-A sbipwright at North Shields recently took a rpe's end and thrashed his wife. The next day the wife took a pie to the docks for her husland's dinner, but, on removing the lid, instead of finding n beefsteak or mutton chop, he found a portion of the rope with which he had ill-used her, and, on remonstrating with his wife for such conduct, she coolly rep lied, that if the ope's end was good for her it could not be bad for him.- Darlinytonv an2d Stocl toIL Times. NTATIONAL EDUCATION lm I.ELA.N .-A thick bluebook, just published, formns the second volume of the 21st report of tho Commissioners of National Education in Ireland. It is filead ith appendices, comprising the reports of the district inspectors of industrial schools, model schools, and agricultural. schools, and the report on an examination in "knowledge of common things" held at Belfast in 1iS fcr t,e award of the Sullivan premiums,
TEE BISHOP OF BANGO O AND THE HO. Wr. 0. STAN~LEY AL P. I O- T THE EDITOR 01 THE TIMES. Sir,-Az the Bishop of Bangor has published portions of a letter to me in your colnmns, I send the entire letter as reccived by me; it was not marked "private," nor, as i believe, intended to be so, as our correspondence is a public one; but I am unwilling to act the part of Ham, wshintg, like Shem or Japhet, to spread a garment over the nakedness of the aged prelate. He accuses me of a direct a;d palpable falsehood when I wrote "that I declined to send the names of those clergy who had signed the petition, because the bishop had signified his intention to me and the clergy of the diocess that he intended to prosecute in the Court of Arches any clergyman signing the petition for insubordination and contempt." On the 9th of February he vrites to me --" I have therefore informed him (Mr. -Ellis) that I shaU prosecute him in the Court of Ardies for insubordintion, and disobedience"-unless he shall do what? Make aIniblic retractation of and apology for his misbehaviour. How was this to be done . The bishop fixed a day and- hour for Mr. Ellis to attend at the Chapter-room, Bangor, before the Chancellor of the diocess and a few other clergymen of standing, and there to read and subscribe the recantation and apology which was to be drawn up by the bishop; and also toI promise never to be gailty of like disobedience to him or his successors. All this to be made public. The offence -was sigJning t7e petition. The same threat was sent by the bishop to the wsarden of Thuthin, another clergyman whom the bishop heard had signed the petition. The circular was sent round to all the clergy and laity. After this public threat to the two clergymen-as every one supposed, to prevent its being signed by more from fear of the law, which the bishop declared had been broken-did he intend to put the law in force only against MIr. Ellis and thewarden of Ruthin? One word astoMr. Ellis, who is so personified as the son of the devil. Re is a young man with a small perpetualcuracyof 1801. a-year, and no fortune of his own. Re pays 801. a-yearto a curate, so that he may give two services in each of his churches, Lhavingtwo at some distance from each other, and no glebehouse. Re has mainly by his own exertionsobtainedmoneysufficientto repair Penmon church, one of the most ancient in Wales, and know.n to all who visit Beaumaris. This is the man so defamed because hle asked me to assist him in a laudable object, which I never for one moment considered could give offence to the Bishop of Bangor. I have refrained, under great aggravation, from vwriting one word OI angry reply; but I could not, with any sense of propriety, abandon M3r. Ellis to the tender mercies of the angry prelate, or relax from what I knew to be just and right and proper demands. I remain, yours faithfully, AY. Q. ;STANLEY. Aprnl t - a1ngys Iotel, i, icegent-street, April L "Dear Sir,-Onlooking overour late correspondencelfeel it to be my duty to address you once again on a very few topics, not with a view of strengthening my own cause, which admits of no such additional support, but with a hope of protecting you against yourself and the serpent you have talen into your bosom. ! Inyour letter to me of the 15th of Marchyou say, ' As your Lordship has signified your intention to me and the clergy of the diocess that you intend to prosecute in the Court of Arches any clergyman signing the petition for contempt and insubordination,' &c. Now, this is a direct and palpable falsehood, and a constrauction which no one whose reasomng powers and common sense were not clouded and distempered could possibly put on my words. Nothing ean be plainer than that my objects in sending out this circular were-first, to acquaint both clergy and laity with the section of the act by which these services and the bishop's power are regulated aud limited ; and, secondly, to caution tbhose who had signed the so-called petition against a repetition of such absurd and silly conduct. But I had no more intention of prosecuting the clergy who had signed it in the Coulrtof Arches than Ihad of coxusencing a suit for amisdemeanour against every layman who had signed it. But I am willing to give you credit for having worked yourself up into a persuasion that you have spoken the truth, and have put the only possible construction on my words. "L Laying down as an incontrovertible principle that you must be in the right and every one vho difers from you in the wrong, you brood over your ownchimericalfancies till you mistake them for truths and realities. Many notable instances of these workings of wealkess and vanity occur in our recent correspondence, particularly your insisting that your pamphlet of 1S53 1S not a plagiarism, a meagre abridgment or skeleton'of the essay ;-and still more those day dxeams of a distempered mind which you will. find in my remarks on your note of the 18th of Mfarch, which you wall read in the appendix, p. 15. That note had not been sent to the press, aud, I not having thought it worth while. to take a copy of my reply to it, I have given the substance of it in the appendix, having thought it my duty to enlarge somewhnt on the short notice which I had taken of the latter part of it in my reply to yours of the 18th ult. " But my principal object in writing to you is to protect you, if possible, a,gaist the evil spirit who has dropped theseevil counselsintoyour ears, and has insulted by inducing you to adopt and publish his wicked and malignant falsehoods. First, then, as to ivhat he has said of my dear old friend, the dean. I had hoped that the reproof I gave you on this head in a former letter would have prevented you from again mentioning his name. There is not a more kind-hearted and benevolent man existing than the dean, nor one whose heart is more thoroughly seasoned with Christian charity and goodwill to all around him, whether friends or foes; but, like other men of very differenttemper and character, he has his weaknesses. Ie is, nnluckily,very fond of flattery, amd swallows with greediness anv comeament that may be paid him. The consequence is that e, like those other persons, every now and then isthe victim of toadeaters, who induce him to do very siUy and foolish things. I have every reason to believe that the same evil spirit who has seduced you' dropped his roison into my poor friend's ear on the occasion to which 1allude. I was then, I believe, in London when I received letters from several rural deans, expressing their surprise at his officious interference. I therefore sent him word that I was alive and well, and desired him not to issue his circulars to the raral deans in future till I was dead and gone, and he had been installed as my successor. The dean felt the justice of my reporof, and was ashamed of his folly, and from that time to this I never heard or spoke a word upon the subject; and now this evil and wickied spirit comes to you, lik-3 the Devil to our first parents in Paradise, with a wilful lie in his mouth, which wel knew was a lie-v=., that the dean had received the returns he had asked from the rral deans, and commuanicated them to me. "1 The other falsehood with which this evil spirit has beguiled you is, if possible, still more odious and wicked - this is the attemnt he has made, unfortunately with too much success, to persuade you that M{r. Thomas had sent similar statements to the Archbishop of Canterbury in 1848. There he has had the meanness to betray some very harmless family lip secrets, and with lying to put that construction upon them. He knew perfectly 'well that nothing of the kind was intended, and certainly none but one of a recl;ess and depraved mind could, for the purpose of deceiving you, have so mnisconstrued those passages. If ever there was a child of his father the devil, who was a liar from the beginning, this is the man. I have thought it my duty to communicate these facts to you, with a view, I have said, of protecting you against yoursdlf and the serpent you have ta-en into your bosom. " I must request you to make no further attempts at explanation or rejoinder, which will only make your case worse. Should you do so, I shall return them unread. "But if it should please God to restore you to a sound mind, and lead you to lament and confess the folly and insanity Of the career you have been running during a few weeks of late, I shall be happy to consign, as far as possible, all that has passed to oblivion, and to meet you on the same friendly termws as heretofore. "I J remain. dear S~i- r snrn . -" C. RuNGOIR " To the Hon. W. 0. Stanlev. * As I had no opportunity of correcting the proof-sheet, there are many blIunders in this book, as weU as in the 2Vortk WaG1s Chronicle." TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your paper of Thursday last is a letter from the Bishop of Bangor, in whichhis Lordship alludestohiscircular not appearing in the printed copies of the correspondence hichMr. Stanleyinsertedin-the2'orthWales Chronick. His Lordship adds :-"As the bishop wentto London justbefore this hookr wvas printed, he had no opportunity of correctin the p roof-sheet, nor did Itr- Stanley correct the errata et the lQbrth, Wbl Charenicle, so that it was full of blunders and crrata." As the printer of the pamphlet and of the paper I feel it incumbent on me to say that the correspondence 'was reprinted from the North WFales Ct7rorvidc exactly as it ap. pesred in the paper, at the request of he Bishop of Bangor, several days after he had enjoyed the opportunity of studyingit in that publication. 2tiis Lordship certainly corrected the proof slip of the appendix, in whiehhe publicly thanked inr. tanley for arranging the correspondence. The proofsheet wpas twice seat to him for that purpose. He never complained of any er-rata, and the prmted pamnphlet Vwas forwarded by me athis desire, through the post, to The Timest and many other respectable papers. I received no instructions to include a copy of the circular in the correspondence, either from MIr. Stanley or the bishop. Yours resnetfoiv. AUGUSTUS R033ERT .ARTRZ. A afgor, apnL sL TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A correspondent on Mriday suggestel that the Bishop of Bangor probably founded the style of his letter on one that had been sent by the Mayor of Cubri(dge to the Provost of King's College, accepting an invitation for a Founder's-day festival. Ithink, onthe contrary, that the light rev. prelate must have had in his eye the letter in the Pick-z.ick- Papers, in which M1r. Weler writes to his son in the followinr manner - "Your father says that if you will come and see me Sammy he vi.1 take it as a wery great favour for I am wery lonely Samivel n b he vill have it spelt that vay vich I say mint right and as there is such a many things to settlehe is sure your guvner wont object of course he vill not Sammy for I knows him better so he sends his dooty in which I join." I am, Sir, your obedient servant, JL VU.N;5xA.NX r6rl&vzl?.
SEHLP NEWS. TX.I MrWnT. -- . Vind, 8.5? r EzrmoTaxr u) Azrived-The Crtic, from Canton-the Ot nthe from' Ne Orleals-the Annie Fisher, from Beladoes-the PoI=leck, S Chrkston-the Emrald Isle, from New York-the Admiral Gre. fdl, from Alexandria-the Coronfdla afrom parAb liVthw. Wharti. from Galvest-the Sio, Bom d ad N&rthland, o- Ne Orleas-The Vigilant and Carv6, front Tenm Nova-the Black Prinee aud Reciprocity. from Perrnambooo-the Speed fom, Mobueotha. Chifai and Harry Glen, frora Paralba-tbe Persererane iliom Almeira-the ElizraethAlmn, from OQo-the Favorite, fom ApasIs e:hicola-the Odesa, from New Orlean-the Walter BRine, from, Parba-the Chance, from New Orleang-the Morwng Light-and lAdy Franklin, from Mobile-tbe Ketch, from Savanalt -the Thorntonx the de Witt Clinton, and the West Point. from New York-the Maria. and theEra, fromflenndria-thelmif,, andthefiber, from Marseles-the Pennjhba, from Girsenti-thel Brotherm,fromn equejs-theJohn iatthie, orom Canton-the Juvana, from Bahia-the 1iddafae, from Cea_a-tbe from Curaeoa-the achionesg of Qoecosbmery, from New Or. leans-the bundonald, from Mobile-the Gleslyon from S-n -the Alliane, from Charlesfto-the eIns, from St. Michadels-th Rlnehe, from Bombay-the Kingsto, from Savanah ied.-The Spect,d for Quebec-tbeAnaflorotheak for Stettinthe Jages Braer, for IDelboume-the Aleppo, for Alexandrhi-tbi _J. S. Parsontls, for NewYork-theVPresident, for Boston-the Stramev, forAfrica-thePaton, for Hlaifx-the Elair, for Gefie-the Wsbler forNew Orleans-theIottySlegb, forAfricL. o the Port-The Howden Marshdeld, the Lord XaidAone, theAnn lAwson2 the HL. L Naomi, the-Pelcan State, the Royal Sore. and ,~tih the Jante Glasn.e thea C. Winthosp4, =rencrae, the Petrel, and the Jane Gl n- The Quaker City and thePersia. hoeree hare arrived atNewYork. The Salopian, from Fort Rico, has arrived at Queeestown. The Wllliam Charnberlain, the Sherman, and the Burlington, hence, have arrived st Philadelphia. The .Moultrie, the Santa Clara, the Chariot of Fain-/ the City oE New York, andthe Alfred Storer, hence, have arrived sl? instr The Ciety of Bbrooklyn, theh Plymotiu Jok h John Bright, the nozht, the Hiarvest, and the A^rctic, heuce, have arried at New The Jobn Rutledge, hence for New York, ran into an iceberg on the 2Dth of Febriniry,wshicbesckher rinderthe how outhe starboardside. She was abandoned insa sinking sttate. tan only one seaman (Thomas WN2ye) picked up an uta ken to Newv York per the Germaia Philadelphia. March 26.-Per Tclegrph.l-The American sldp Tress, from Philadelphia for Is-cipool, has founderedl in the Belawre, having been cutthrongh by ire Lo',D-N-April 5.-Wind at noon, aS.S. moderate breeze, ant HAxue o, April 2.-A ship markedOneco. of Urerpool, with four feet of water in herhold. deserted and s9tziped, wag hoarded on the 8th of Dember in 1at. 3-S., long. 7S.., by the Mactoo, snivet at Singapore ou the 13th of Feblrary. FAnhMoust, April 4-Vind, W.-Arived.-TheKingFher, from MatnraS, withlioss ofthree boats and bulwarks, having been sruck by S heavy eea on the lst ot March inlat. 3S 26 N., longv 1 24Wthe Fortuna, from JacmeL Saled.-The Odin-the Miranda-the Hindostan-the Sago-andthe Selina, for Hamburg-the Haiti, arc. theFanny HulUey, for Auntwrp-the Amanda. for Dunkirk-the Laix nista. and the Casteno Secsmdo. for Hvae-the Henriescthe Jam Hendrick, and the Maxwell, for liull-the Noodkee, for Shields-the EMiMiA Fdeix, forRoume-the Hermes, for Yarmouth-the Nor-the Mary Montague-the WA'nefell, and the Caln. for LoDndon-the Sal.. danha, forldon-the Frazcr, for CardiffH -BErston, April S.-Wind, W. by S.; freehand st-m.-nuved, theD Energy, from Athens-the .Tverna, from Cork-the Princes P.oy-a! from Bideford-tho Shamroch, froinWaterford. Sailed, the Amelia. iorLlvivooL. The John Scottsailed r Demerars onthe4th of December, for london, and has not since been heard of. The .ArnndeL from Hul fDor Bombay, was burnt on the 24th of De. oemiber, iUlah.3 SS,loug.s35R. Ceew eaved, GRAVESEND, Axum 6. (Br Suznzn,-x AN'Dn nrr TxLzolAPIt, (rom Lloyd's,) Wind, S.S.W.; light and variable; tide, lows-water. Arrived.-The Concordia, from Rotterdam-the City of Norsich, from Tonming-the Soho, from Hayre-the Magnet, from Rotterdar -the LordJohn Russell, fromfDunkirk- the Lion, from Harlingenthe Knight, from Calcutta-the Alecto, from Moreton Boy-the Vas BrocL, from Buenos A4re-the Albion, from Trinidad-the Cornemi from Tieste-the Fraternity, fromVenioe-the ldyof theLake, frors Algs Bay-the Sheridan, from Santa Cruz-the Sir E. Banks, irnm Calais-the Glannilre, fromBarbadoes-the Undine, from Coloumbothe Tropic, from Barbadoes-the Carolineunes, from Flenasbrg-the Comet, from Madeira-the Probite, from Charente-the Eleanor, fronm St. John's, New Brunswick - the Josephine and the E Norris, froma Calcutta-the Stefand, from Leghom-the Tweelingen, from Fohrthe Arorien, from ,isbon-the Colomine, from St. Michael's-the Haminia Mitchell, ironm Shanghai-the Vimerii, from Sydney-thc Mainsfield, from Colngapatan-the forence. from Grenada-the Crolm from 3lrtAerhon-theAustralia, afrom Gibraltar-the Rubeus, fromthe auriiusthe . C.K, rom affstheIsabella Blyth, from the MauritAusn Sailed.-The -City of Rotterdam, for Denkirk-the Triton, for Calsrits-the Flora,foroAmsterdale-the Bariepau, fror Chalcutta-tha: Skmmer of the SeefrbadgeB-ta he Harlingen foroHarlge- the 3Earl of Auckland and the B,atavia. for Rotterdam-the Ann .ogan, for BTenes fores-the ,aomn Osy, for Anter-the Seine,f forteleo gne. APRIL. 5. 9 20 am.n-WVmnd W9.; tid.e, three hours'"food: fine, Arrived.-The Bamrn Martin, from Caen-the Peony, from thlluritins-the AebJma, from Sville-the harie, roim Charentoth Sarah liecLent, fom Barbadoes-the8Ehmne. from B eu-ogto, Sailedf-T-thThames, for lamburg-theWest Bries1anl, for neampen-theAlegro do 3intr, for Oporthe. Arive&.-Tho KLate lUearney, from Shanghai-the Pabnyra, front Guernsey-the8ueJeu J, froiCrenlfuegee-the Aerolite, forom Shanghai-the Spsanish Plain, from Castines-the Emivy, from Caeu-the andthe Garland,fro=m VillaNova-tnhae aphGael, fnrom-the Msbaurtis -the Sirocco, Irom St. John's, New Brunswick-the Isabella, fron Teceira-the Belgium, from Ostend. Sp.m.-Wind, S-S.W.; tide, onehour'sebb; fresh and cloudy. Aryired.-The liarchioness of Londonderry, the Benjamin Thaxtore the Robert Morrison, and theNerthumbrian, for Calcutta-the Rrilr liant, for Port Phillip-the Electra. for Grenada-the Challenge, for Newr York-theBrabo,and the Witchcraft, from Calla-the prince Rupert, from Janmaic. SalleiL-Tho Moselle, for Rotterdam-the Hanover, for Havre-tho Holland, for Ostend-the City of Ha1mburg, for Hamburg. 7 30 p. ai-Wind, S.W.; tide, low water; weathier, fresh rith rain. AXrOiL-The Challenger, from Callaso-the SRkimmer of the Seas,. from Pates-thy Emigrant, from Iquique-the Peace, from Syra-theSir Ralph Abercromby, from Shanghai-the Marquis of Bute, front Charente-theWoodbine,andthe Suffolk, from the 2dauritius-tho Clatha, from Port Adelaide. Sailed- The Columbine, for Tahiti. -Arrived.-The Mary Ann, fronmTerceira-the Corel, from ron-cheosF0oe-the MaryAnn, for Constantinople-the Caroline Brown, andthe Betsey, for St. Michbel'. Sailed.-The lady ssett, for Naplesm Ann.  Arrived.-The Iequest, and the Caroline, from Calcutta-the Thesslls, from Athens-the Pnelippo, from St. Ube'-thc Julana, fromn St. Kitt's-the Asia, from Cape Toan-the Zemassee, from Charleston, Bneo-the Cemplrice, from StM3ithael's-the Susprise, from L.eghornthe HappyReturn, from Goersey. DEAIh AprRn 6. (Br Sumannnm xnD Bruir TErzoArP ) (Fom Loyd's. S p.m.-Wind, S.S.W.; fresh. Arrived andPassert-The Gipsey, from Demerar the Mary Montague and the Early Bird, from Jamaica, the Osprey, from Cork, thc Panic, fromthewest,vard, the Heroine, from Algoa Bay, the Cambridge, from Callao, the Osbert, f-om Dominica, the Egbert, from Hobart Town, al for london-the Sydney and the Transport, front London for Weymouth-the Nt D. Emilie, from New Orleans for Sweden. Arrived and Anchored.-The Eclipse, for Maderra, the Mizpah. for Trieste, the Dav,ston, for Liverpool, the Mangerton, for LimeriCk, the Pasqueline, for Messina, the Sophia 3MKenzie, for Quebec-the Alberta, for Aden, the Lancashire Witc, for Wellington, all from ondon-the Rumbla, from Chili for Hamburg-the Maxwell, from Alexandria for Hull-the Fanny Holmes, from New Orleans for Hamburg. The Blclciari rTas in collisionlast nightoff SouthForeland, wi-hthe Chilian vessel Rumina, the former vesselost bowsprit, cutwtermucir damnaged, subaequently slipped from auchor and part of chain, anti proceeded for the river this afternoon, in tow of steam. The latter vessel received cousiderab'e damage to rigging and hull, and proccedc4 to Ramsgate for repais Arnm S. 9 amn.-Wind, S. by W.; moderae. Passed.-The Paris and London, from London for Paris-the Comet, from Madeira, the Carib, from Foo-chow-Foo, the Undine, from Colombo, the Sheridan, irom Gilcirisn, al for London-the Senator, from Alexandriafor IHIu. Anchored-The Blaldcrisra from London for MIadras. Saded.-The E. Norris and Knight, for London. Noon.-Wind, S.S.; light. Pascd.-The India, from Mlanilla for London. Anchored.-The Melbourne, for Bombay, the Mtarlborough, for Belfast the Lord Willam Bentinck, for Quebec, the Electric, for Femrrl. the 'Wyvern. for Mogadoro. all from London. 2 P.m-Wind. 'S.W.l; light andfne. Pass,ed.-The Robert, from Demerera forLondon. Anthorert-The lilonald, from t'hatham for Quebec-the John Brownu, from the north for the wrest. 7.10 p.m.-WYind, S.S.W.;. moderate. Arrivdednd Pas.sed.-The Lilly, from Malta forNoec%st1e-theN, ewbwottle, from the Drdaneies for Shields-the Trident, iromGuayeafor Hamburg. Arrireeland Anrhered-The India, from Manilla for Bremen-the. Julia, from Rvochester forteghermn Vzrnms SPoxrs Win, The Pholmnx, from Manila and Singapore for aimeouth, March W, in lat. I S., long. 20W. TheEmiulous, from Londonfor St. Thomas' March 12, in 1st 23 N., long. 41 1V. EIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRBMGE THS DAY. Morning .. 8 min. after 31 Afteroon -. 29 uin, aLter 3
WHOLESALE SwmLNOG.-Three mnen namae Berard, Barrabe, and. Schoesler, have just been tried by the Tribunal of Correctional Police for extensive swindling. It; appeared from the evidence that they establLched pretended. mercantile houses at London, Bristol, and other places in England, and ordered goods from different Paris tradesmen, for which they paid. They then gave larger orders, for which they paid by bills at three months' date, but before the bills became due they disappeared from the addresses which they had given, after of course selling the goods for whatever they would fetch. They carried on this sort of operations for some time, and must have made large sunmi by it; their last exploit of the kind alone having brought them in 30,000f. Their victims comprised opticians, jewellers, lampmak-ers, cabinetmakers, florists, fringemakers, glovers, pianofortemakers, milliners-in short, nearly all descriptions of traders. The Tribunal sentenced Barrabc to five years, Berard to 15 months, and Schceller to three months' imprisonment, and each of the three, besides, to SOf. fine. In the course of the proceedings it was stited thab Berard, who was formerly a notary, was sentenced to sib years' hard labour in 1841 for fraudulent bankruptey; bub waspardonedin 1843. InuAngust418, he was arrested-for participation in the insurrection of June, but vas discharged. He afterwards startedvarious political and industrialnewspapers. Bcingsabsequentlycondemnedforsxvindliug 'he fled toEngland, and there passed himself offas a physicianp as member of the Legion of Honour, and as a inembet of the Academy of Medicine of Paris. Barrab6, who sometimes called himself M. d'Arcis, and at others the Count d'Alencon, was, it appeared, many years ago a bankupt, wvas in 1848 principal editor of the atrocious revolutionary paper Le Vrai POre Dtchasnc, took an active part in the insorrection of Juine of that year, for which he fled to. England, theat came back to France, and gave himself out as a victim of his devotedness to the empire, and afterwards got up a fraudulent Californian Conpany, for which, in 1853, he was sentenced by default to 10 years' hard labour. As to Schceller, le is a German, and is not known to have been inthehands of justice; but he resided principally in EXgland, and re- - caived the goods which the others sent from Paris.- Gclfgncai's ilfcwenger. C.&Ssr P 's' fB T}E FISHING TTADE.-The leading merchants engaged in the mackerel trade at Great Yarmouth have resolved, at a meeting called to consider the subject, that the system hitherto pursued in the town of selling fish on credit is unsound and prejudicial to the interests of those buyers who are wlling to pay cash, In the ensuing mackerel season cash payments are, therefore, to be enforced, or, at the nost, credit wl be given for a single day only. Exim FlnCTORY.-A sunm total Of 106,521.o*aS expended in 18-5 and 1855-6 at the Royal Small Arms Factory at Ennleld-vix., 5,1241. for bufildings, 49,561. -for machinery, 3,S.0L for putting np machiry, alnd.2,2.501. for altermng rnachiner. .-
SALES BY AUCTIO-N. Circassiin-place, Baling. JI.AL'BERT KING -%illSELL by A1JCTIMN-, TI. o the Premises. TanS DAY (M.onday). at 12 o'clock gELrnaln FURNVITUrREsaid ElFECTS. swithout the slghtest reserve.' -][SSR~S. DAv7ISand V]GERSbe'tontifythaebqb advertised for sale on the 14th instant, has been SOLD) by 1Privals Trea-ty-3. Frederiick's-plame Old JIewry. ApriI4. B3annside.-Va.luable River=ed Canal Bor~a.s MESSRS.EVEI{SFIELD ancad HOR?9E ar~e in- M strmcted by the Plroprietor to SELL~) by AV,pjIN atCrn' Ways, 955. BnkoidOe. liouthvwark, on Titerday, AprilE li. at 12 for !, T_EIf valuableo OP-PN BARGES from 49 to 63 tots in good condition. EeTeral of them having been built within the last five T,surs also a decks!l 'coastingTessel of SO tons, arnd other craft suitable for riv-er or canal. May he viewe-d two days previouis, and catalogues had oin the premrarus, sn-i of fi.S. anetinnee n,-0. PalsettOLor Qftl ER~change. RO1-a 1etermav. uet tcebtects. removed, from Sitockweli anti else- wrhezne. MR. PIEA1KE willf SELL by AUCTIONI at his 44Toeysret nth ok n Thi&lav, itllril 0l0 Ft 12, a ST of SD aplewooEt ETHA CHAJll, dini;ng. IGO, card andothe tabes. hianey-gnsss. l ds~ ressitsg.cass I keletoml elce, fathe bes ad bedin, besteds,cests of drawers, dressingglases,blak-et. crpes. ugs,kithenutesils, four-motion beer engle,-ewtr pts,endnumrou efect. On viewI the morning: of sale sad ctalgue obaind a dI. Iente'soffices, 44, Tooley-strezt,, Modern Furniture. Pier, CheclanCimeGass,airn- firame Chairs, Couches, OfcFuntr,aqntity of millinery morLs. SN, ad HADING wvil SEiLL by' LAIJCT1ON set ther Rooms, 0. St. P uicesrebNvard, on Wedlare ieran chmny-gases,bestedsand beddn,mhgn aradroe. eo abls, inig ad dawig romchairsBrslscre, In BanLeraptcY.-Vau` lead xtnsv 3Soa o odem Jewe-ley. K 50 GoldandlSilver Wace, 0Crto,ln Br5iliants. 475 Clas-ate, Precious Stones 112 o.Gl,is OPLI~'IN will SELL by T A'Um- IX, a ther Ronia I6,U Pal'schurch.-3ard. duringt.he present and ensuinmg moniths, by order of the A ausuecs oF dfestre (loan and Labliner. Of 37. Hlattnn-tsdn tevlai n oxensio STOCK of modlem JEWELLERRS * of the best n.anufactre. in everj vaniety or fashion and elegance of deslign, enisrEsting of'braceletsr, br-ooches, andrings%, et with brilliant and other precious atones~. ocka-:ts. and padlocks, slbert axnd breguet keys, teRals, Chamus. a.llhrt and guardI chuins. studs, sleeve lint-s, gold and silrer pecl cises, car ring%s, ina-; card cases, snuff and scent boxes. 31-0 gold and silver wa-tches of th,o best Frencli and English mianufactue. 112 oz. gold. so carats, fl:. brilliants, 475 carats, precious stones. The daiys of sale wil be areenounrcedin future advertisements, and the cal'aloguEswhen ready m-,y be had of Herbe-rt hairri Carmain. Req., oflicialassgnee lii. Alden, manbury; of l'MesErs. Taylor. Collfr"oa and Wosodward, 28. Great James-street, Bedford-row; and Of th auctioreera, 16, St. i'aai-1s. ebsurch-yi,nd. (orwillbe forwardledon recipt of pasS.ge etatnyis. Nianay Thotxsand VoltuLes of moder_n Bcooks, hitc Payr-oo Church Services, Juvenile Boots, &o.- ire Days' Sale. AIR. HODGSON wifl SELL by AMMTON, at hlis tL .ew ooms thecornr oSFleet-atoeet andCbe,-ln, ons Wednlesday. April 9, and four following dais (Sundays excs~ptedy~half-past 32, many thousand volumes'of notsler IIuIOS, including the most l~opuhar literature of the preseLt dlay, books suLitable fer orcerenta, 111ustrated works, &ct., on extensiv assoriment of BINles hiirell Services. and Prayer-bookoin every varlety ofsinzeand bindin-7 beIg. hesecnd orionof hestok o aretilboolmeller dcclInitL the usiess als nueros coiesof ode novels. vova-aes arl traels &.. roma eotendeknattin lbray, nda large stock ot ja ,ohim~wood.-:Superio AlnreevBt ;.nd - dlmOnerrCelnuer and China Cabines u-odI ofrte, I-oof Engravings. 1kJER. TINDALL sisrce to SELL by A-U4-- TY TION, on the Peises, Wellington-read, on Wedile,ilay. Aprit 9. at 1 prerissly. ROSENVOOX) and MAHOGAN\Y I)iANVh'G aSii DINinG ROOHN SUITE of couches aud chairs in silk, mornrzn, and satin hair cloth, leo. card, anid eels of extebiding dilning tables, pedesal sieboad andbookase, arge cole sadn chimneiy gkila~ssa carpts, ugs,fendrs nd ions,mahoanyfour-po.rt, Arabian. nn,d Frech edsead, bds nd eddng,winedanid gentlemen's war-.-. xreobe, chestsfdawer, marbile-opl No-taaptolnds,tilet-B tahies Jhev, andUresing gase, bnedaneday tAbrle line, ehnt gI-'- hea ery S heitzch Daventry. a:t, Sin the afternoon. AFirechlaed M1es-suage or tenenient, %vith the barnts, A4I stables, out-buildings, andI apiuctetnarces thereonito belonging, and also 181 acres of rich pastur,e latia, wcll watered and cciiveniently divided into several closes, Fittuateat Everdon, in thecounty of N\ortbasnilton. andr.ow inthe oscupaitioistof Mr- JohlmStocltley, as, teniant from yenr to year. Ererdon is foiir mines fronm the mart-ct to--, of Daventry. 10 fromn Northamlpton, a nd( twou friam the Station On ADt Loxndon and Nor'th Vestemn Railwray at Wecedon. A portian of Iho purchase-moniey may. if reqjuired, remain ott nirsigage of the estate at 4 per cent, perannumn. The tenant will sho tile estate. For furtber par'ticulars aPpplY to MTessrs. Burton atid lien, solicitorr, Daveotry. Pianofortes, by Bru2dseo0d. Collard and Co~llad W(loransu, Broad. br.dge. Ts-omlson, and other cminent makers. SCOTCER ha beenfavouired' with instruc: street, Piccadilly. on WedZesOa,la April%9 atl1 for 2, uptwarsolsf 40 acqatnd second-hand PIAEOFORTIfS.1ly Btoadw;ond. Wornum, Allizon. Broadlbridge. do-: also a magnificent fell compasa octai-grand. 1,-.. Collard and Col'ard, in rosewood case, inealy new, anid a beautiful 6.-il octave masewood semi cottage, byBroadwoed: aleo eleuNel-action ha.-pa3 by E~rard, harmonimuzs by AlexandIre, do.:; teneilher rtch. the exteausi, stock of a musieseller. comprising upwards of 50crId violins. violoncellos,. concertinas, flutes, guitars, do, May be viewedl the day prior anti morning of sale. Cattlogues lead at the rGooms, or of the nuctiloneer, 70, Msortimer-street. C-a-, ndtsh-square. Violins by Guamermus, Ama,do 1,RSCOTOHER has bteta favoured wit intr ijtions to SELL by AUCTIO.N. on Wednesday. A prIl 9, at I for 2, the ent-ire STOCK of'a liUMSICSELUEli, ctulptising upwiards of: 50 valuable old violins and violoz cellos. to-ge ther with c0ttes-tinas, corn - peans f1utes, and a quantity of etastical muszic. Stay be viesrorl tho day- prior and merning of sale, Catal oRues P ace at the Itooms;. or of the auctioneer. 70. Miortimer-street, Carcndtsh-rquore, Ithodern Houseniold Purniciure. the Fixtsuee. cd Fittiec- of a3eerrnai Coffee House, ditto of a ]Butcher's remavtch from en-aress 'Waterloo-roadl. 1/R. E. THOMAS wiall SELL by AUCTION, at his AiTtGallery. 345, Leisester-rstuars, THIS EVENIG, April7, at 'G. HOYUSEHIOLD FURNITURE, comprising chimney and pier giaes_a,s large Brussels end other carpctz, damask curtains sosewood andj mahogany choirs, couches, andk casy chairs. ho- and card tables, mahoganlysliding fra=e dining, tables sideboards. chcffoaters, maliogavy Arabian andfnur-post lheasteads,ironprencheL-tto.mo-ttre,sLes,beds and bedding, japanned coambcr fturiture, marble top diouble and Eiasglq wrashatanlds, chesis of drawer s,ardrobe-, cluna, glass, and kitchen Toqciniites, Thse ftti,s, comprise lO ft. mahsg-oy-tol. coaunter.Sive moluon beer engine, pewter pots, eight-day, dial ass dcttipt six mahlogany tab'les, settles, coffcz.o cnps. large piece ofnl oAcoth. -iocks, houks, to. On view morning of sale. and catalogueshiad athe rooms. F'reehold Brewery and Estmtes, WiNds' ad e MESSRS. EtTONLAND) and bO ave been Mi favoured with instructions from1 he PevIatestender theWill of the late llir.G(. G. CoUICs inoSELL by AUCTIONT, at theNWhifte, lIart Hotel. WNTxdsor. on' Wednesday', April 0. sat 2, the following "ItO. PIIEtTIES :-The Acre Brewre.-y,a co m p ct freehiold esta te, wen llsiztato for business, in Victoria-street, Oppo-site the Bachelor's Acre, wit~h a beer-house attached, called the Britizsh Banner, 1st on lea-se to M,Nr. Bruenes, t 5 pr nnu; aL-seehldHouse and Shop, equal toi freeold inPencdstret, n te ocuptiono r.Iar, Burt-landtc.-Canno-st-ree -Towest,city; ndCat he of Tice moterauc- hants,.and ohers requing. W;Iater-sid-e rei ndl Steam rower. '1~R. J. J. CLBEMMANS has receiv'od instructions T1ON, upon the Tren-i-ez. Ham-wliarf. 11am-road, Breiutford, Midd!esex, on Tttesda7, April 15, at 1 far ii, thoex(-tensive LEASEHOJJD PREMIISES. Granary, and Buildings, he'd for a term of 40 year at the low rent of 13 per year. situate as abocve, and cointiguious taonthe GrandJ.unction Canal, ar,d tche intendEd neW railo-sy, together wnith a nearlynew 20-hot-se powar Lori7ntnal steam ct-giue, end wrouight. hatsi cylindrical beoller, three pair of Tmil clones andl littlngs, a circuilar sawing bench and raws, an-d al 'he valuiable plant, genr, and machniney wtith the later. improvements, in good working order, in one leo,an the loose artic:es, In lots, immediately al ter,- The premises an(h asschiniery may be viewed and Particulls and( catologues had upon the premiises: a, facekh CofTea-houtse andCaistle Taevmrs.3Thbr1-e-:la; ing's Alms. Uxbrldge; Falcon. High Wycombe ; Three Pigeons, Prentfovl ; of B, AV. Edwards, Esq..,offlciat assignee, Sambrcok-court, Baziuhailstreet; ofGog rwn a. orio,abrype ot;andrb theo ofcs of the auctioneer. Ilolywehll-row. Finstesr-sEtiare. To Drapers Merees. Hoslers, Warshox_semen, and ShiPpers.~ B ROWN and SON w%ill SELL_y AUCTION, atl thei Roms.25. oreetret, ity on ednedlc net, tli, 2,01 yars ofFRENH ad ENLISHBROCDRiSrip draCherkd
