DEATHS. On the 0th of Mlarch. at sca,oLf the coast of Africa,agced 34. IrrayT. Wright, Esq.. Master of U.H2.S. Alecto, third son of W. Thos. Wright, Eeq.. late of ILMLs Dockyard, Chatham. On the 16th Wlt. at his residence. Chapel-place, Bottersea-park, Edwazd Hall Bland, zsq., after a short illness, in the 64th year of hLs age, On the 2.9th tilt., at his residence, 11, Tottenhans-gros-e. falal's-pond, Edward Tremetlt, aged 72, last grmadson of Anthony Tremlett, of St. David's-hill, Eeter, merchant. On the 2d inst.. at Edg_baston, near Bhiringham. in the Glst year of his age, M.r. Wiliam Keelinr. agent to Samuel York and Co, merchants, Wolverhampton and Birmingham. On the 2d inst.. at Rome, Selina Harriet, eldest surviving dawchter of the lat.e Sir Charles WagerWatson, Bar., of Wratting-park, Cambridgeshire. On the 3d lnst, at Plymouth, after great suffcring, aged2 yearsand 5 onths, Windsor Leopold James Atherton, youngest son of the late Revr.Edwin.36, S. Sands's, of lIybnd(ge. Devon. who, was sole heir of Sir EdAwin Baynton Sandysgs Bart. of Miserdern-park. Glocestershire. The above was grandson of the L;teaCapt. Stephen Myles Sandys, of the Royal M3arines, of Plymouth, aman hililyanddeservedlyesteemed by all who knew hiu. On the 4th inst., at his residence, 24, High-street, 3arylebone, alter a long and painful illnes, Mr. John Parkes, aged 59, On the 6th inst.. at Hastings, aged 26, the Rev. HenryPhilipFrancis, youngest sou of Benin. Francis, Esq., ot Twyford, Norfolk, On the 6thinrt, at West Hyde Parsonage,lRickmanswo-th,Jane, the wife of Signor Jos6 Manoel Gomez, of BarceUlos, PortugaL On the 7th inst., at No. 4, Holloway-place, Holloway, M.Nx Thomas Cotching, grocer, aged 20. On the Sth irst., at Briuton, Louisa, second daughter of the late Charles Haxdwicke, Eel., of Market Deeping, .incolnshire, aged C4, On the Sth inst., at Pontefract, Elir, widow of the late Augustus Carfer-. F-sq. On the 8th inst., at S. Johnastreet, Berkeley-square. Catherine Maria widow of the late W. Towers, Smith, Esq., Bengal Civil Service. On the 9th inst., M.rary, the beloved wife of Mr. James Mimlner, of 6, Sutherland-treet, Walworth-road. On the 9th inst., at 2S. Orsett-terrace. Hyde-park. of decline, in the 19th year of her age, Bella 1ellora, the beloved s-ife of Commander V. Gore Jones, of .M's gun ves-el Assurance. On the 9th inist., at Peover-cottage, Cheshire, Caroline Leigh, aged E9 Youngest datghter of the late, and sister of the present, Egerdn leigh, of High Leigh and Jodrell-hall, Cheshire. On the 10th inst. at Charlton-grove cottage, Cbarlton, near Woolwich, John Eaton alfe, Esq. On the 10th inst.. at Torquay, Florence Maria Mfargaretta, the daughter of Warren Hastings Anderson, EsQ., aged 24. On the 10th lnst., at Warley, in R-oex, Giana Mfaria, the dearly-loved wife of Capt. Franicis Towrer, oftthe EI.C.'s DepO3t. On the 10th inst., Ann, the bdloved wife of Thomas Wm. Welch, of 3. Dumcan-terrace, Islington, in lher 58th year, alter a short ilness. On the 10th inst.. Trevor, youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. Marshall Turner, of Torrington-square, in the 8th year of his age. On Saturday. the 10th inst., at the residence of her brother-in-law Mrr. Dean, S. IV. R., WVinchester, EDiabeth, eldest daughter of the late M1r. Willam Dearman. of Harpsfield gall, Herts. On the 1th iast., at 19, Westbourne-place, Padditgton, James, eldest son of bMr. Soane. of Oxford-street, aged IS. On the Uth inst., in Chesham-street, Belgrave-square, Jnlia Ezabeth, eldest daughter of James Wentworth Buller, Esq., of Downes, county Devon. On the Uth inst., John Bradney Rippon, Req., of Shacklewell-green, aged £& On the 11th inst., suddenly. 3r. JohnC. A, Davall, of 3, Northumberland-street, Strand, in his 59th year.
MONBY-AfABKETa,idCITYINETELLIGENCE.- Monday Evening. The Enlglish funds continue to exhibit steadiness, and have closed to-day at a further recovery of an eighth per cent. Consols for money, 'which left off on Saturday at 92i to .;, were first quoted 921 to 93, and the final transactions were at 92i to 93 for money, and 931 for the 4th of June. A disposition towards further improvement in the afternoon was checked by a considerable sale. Bank Stock left off at 211 to 212; Reduced, 91 to.; New Three per Cents., 92* to i; Annuities, 30 years, 17 1-16; India Stock, 227 to 229; India-bonds, 9s. to 4s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 980 to i; and Exche- quer-bills (March) ls. discount to Is. premiumt; June) 3a(iscount to par. In the money-market to-day the demand wa3 not more than moderate. Foreign securities eehibited little variation, but prices wer: rather lower. Turkish Six per Cents. for the account were negotiated at 97j4; Danish Five per Cents., 101-; Grenada New Active, 18; Mexican, for account, 224 and i; Peruvian, for account, 77; Portuguese Four per Cents., 51; Russian Five per Cents., 104-; the Four-and-a-Ralf per Cents., 94k; the Small, 944; S anish Three per Cents., 44Q; the New Deferred, 24 Spanish Certificates of coupon, not funded, 51; I enezuela, for account, 28;[; and Dutch, Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64. The Corn-market this morning was without alteration from the rates of last week. - The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. failed to arrive to-day, but in the morning they were at 75f. 40c. for the end of the month, showing an improvement of i per cent. The continental exchanges continue to exhibit great fuimness. At Hamburg the rate of discount is still extremely high, but there are signs of the pressure diminishing. A considerable quantity of bar silver is being remitted to London from various places. The Ocean Chief and the Invincible, from Port Phillip, bring together 70,000 ounces of gold, valued at 280,0001. The Irene and the Ariel have also arrived from South Australia, but they are not believed to have brought any gold. The Cunard steamer Africa, which has been telegraphed to day at Liverpool, brings news of the Persia having arrived at NEew York in 9 days and 15 hours. She has now, therefore, in an outward as well as in a homev;ard trip made the fastest passage ever known. The accounts from the manufacturing towns for the past week show a steady trade notwithstanding the influence of ungenial weather. At Manchester the markets have been comparatively quiet, but prices are exceedingly well supported, looking at the diminished firmness of cottonl. The Birmingham report describes continued steadiness in the demand for iron and an increase in the orders from America. At Nottingham likewise the American purchases have been good, especially of lace, and a full general business has been transacted. In the woollen districts there has been no alteration, and the Irish linen-markets show continued animation both fiom large export orders and a satisfactory home consulmption. The Belgian Government have proposed the conversion of 28,000,000f. of Belgian Five per cent. Bonds into Four-and-a-Half per Cents. A AsectionofEshareholders of the Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China have memorialized the Board of Trade against the continuance of the undertaking. The colonial wool sales progress with great firn-n ness, the advance of 11d. per lb. obtained at the commencement having been more than maintained. The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have comprised six vessels-three to Port Philip, two to Sydney, and one to Adelaide, -with an aggregate capacity of 5,744 tons. The rates of freight present no material variation. A Parliamentary paper just published furnishes the latest reports transmiitted by British Ministers, Consuls, &c., on the trade of various countries and places. They comprise particulars from several points of the Chinese Sea, from the countries on the Pacific, from the West India Islands, America, Turkey, and a few Eiuropean States. Among the first are Cochin China, Camboja, Siam, and the Philippine Islands. The British trade with Cochin China, observes Mr. Consul Parkes, is carried on through Singapore, and its products are sugar, salt, oil, rice, some raw siLk, and other sundries, for wvhich we return opium, piece goods, lead, Spanish dollars, &c. At one time the King was not wunfriendly to conmmerce, but attacks by the AmericaIs and french in 1845 and 1847 have led to a prohibition of all intercourse with Western nations, and the traffic that takes place is confined to Chinese junks, or such native boats as may evade the law and risk a passage to Singapore and the dangers of piracy. Under these circiunstances the imports and exports combined had dwindled in 1854 to $326,598. In relation to Camboja, Mlr. Parkes states that it was at one time a more powerful nation than either Cochin China or Siam, but that it has been reduced by invasions from these States to a fewmilesof seacoast and a population of 1,00t0,000. The King annually sends tribute to his two oppressors, and, in the hope of aid, has cotrted the friendship of foreigners, and has thrown open Kampot, the only harbou- in hiis dominions, as a free port. From want of inland communication, however, it affords few facilities for trade, and the imUports and exports combined seem to be under $1.00,000. The report from Siam is also by MIr. Parkes, whlo describes thle rapid decline of its foreign trade from 1840 to 1 851, when, owingg to the exactions of the late King, every British merchant had quitted, leaving the commerce of the country solely to the Chinese, who constitute one-fourth of its population. Under the new treaty, however, which permits British vessels to enter Siamese ports fiee of measurement duty and entitles them to the privileges of native craft, a revival of commerce is anticipated. Export duties are Ilevied, but although high they are not prohibitory. The imports from England chiefly consist of M%lanchester goods and metals, wlile from China and India they are various. Among the produce exported in return sugar is a chief item. Its cultivation, introduced by the Chinese in 1810, rapidly increased up to 1840, when it amounted to 15,295 tons. The late King then destroyed it by attempt. ing a Royal monopoly, b-t under his successor it has again been set open. It is still, however, burdened with taxes, which check demand, and 6,000 tons is considered an average crop. It may be imported into the united kingdom as free grown, is much esteemed for its whiteness and fine strong grain, and, under a proper system, could be produced in much larger quantities. Rice, the export of which used to be prohibited, is expected nnder the new treaty to become an important article of shipment. Salt of excellent quality is also obtained at a singularly cheap rate, and although its cost is raised by taxation to 13s. per ton it is in demnand at Singapore even at that price. Teak timber, ebony, sapan wood for dyeing, and rosewood, are likewise available, and the shipments of the two latter are likely to be increased by a reduction of taxation procured by Sir John Bowring. Of pepper the production had reached 9,00Q,0001b., but it was reduced in 1854 to less than a third of this quantity by the imposition of duties amounting to 1G per cent. The trade, however, is expected to revive, as half of these duties have now been taken off. Cotton, for which good land abounds, and which had reached a crop one year of 8,750 tons, has also been interfered with by taxazion, but remissions are promised and its renewed cultivation is hoped for. The growth of silk has been affected in a similar way. Various kinds of pulse are purchased largely by the Chinese, and therefore have also been subjected to injudicious imposts. The same is said of mangrove bark, indigo, and tobacco. Large quantities of antimony ore have been discovered at a short distance from~ Bangkok. Valuable gums, as gamboge, sticklac, benzoin,- Azc.; are shipped to both Eng¢land and India. Horns and hides, cuteh, iron, and tin also offer materials for an extended traffic. Of the latter metal the annual exportation may be estimated atlO0,0001., chiefly from the port of Pungah. There is, moreover, a large export of salted fish to Batavia, Singapore, China, &c. Cardamums, ivory, and aloes wood are among the minor articles. Coffee promises to be successfully grown, and hemp, the growth of which is only just becoming known, is likely to be raised at a price and of a quality that will enable it to compete with that of Manilla. Reviewing the whole of this report, to¶gether with a subseauent statement made bgy M\r. Charles Bell, thiat the demand for fre&ight has increased beyond the suppl', there s5;ems every. reason to trust that British cowrmlerce with Siam, under the treaty as nego+.iated by Sir J. BoWtuig, will become extensive, and will ulti- mately attain remarkable -prosperity'if-the -liberalspirit thus initiated-should be further developed by the enlightened will of the present King. In connexion -ith the Phlilppine Islands Mr. Consul Farren describes the ex^uberant richness of their soil, the commercial aptitude of their 4,000,000 of inhabitants, the extensive cultivation of commercial products, such as hemp, tobacco, sugar, indigo, coffee, sapan wood, rice, and cocoa, and the value of their textile manufactures for native consumption. At the same time he strongly calls attention to the fact, that the rich commerce developed through the natural capabilities of these possessions is incalculabjy injured and restricted bythe Spanish policy, whi6h, although the islands have 800 miles of coast, confines all foreign imports to the port of Manilla, and thus prevents goods from reaching the interior except at costs, delays, and risks which operate as an effectual barrier to consumption.
TRADE REPORT. 3Monday Eve-nng TALLow.-.The marlet is steady, at 46s. to 46s. 3d.on the spot; and 46s. for the lsst three months. Annexed are the statistics of stocks and prices:- CsaAz. Ame. .. 595 Othier lo3 . .. . .. . 1, Total i5* With regard to the general state of the trade, the following js from the circular of Messrs. Colchester and Woolner"We have very little alteration to note in the tallowmarket during the weel-, holders being firm on the spot. The pnce must be quoted higher for immediate delivery, but or the end of the year, notwithstanding some large purchases made by parties to cover previous sales, the price has hardly been maintained, and we closed on Saturday, sellers, at 46s. To-day there has been more demand on the spot, and, as there is so little offering, holders have obtained an advance. The closing prices. are-46s. Gd. on the snot 46s. 3d. for May and June, 46s. for delivery in the last three months, 46s. is paid for beef Australian, 47s. 6d. for sheep, 47s. for South American, and 46s. town tallow, nec cash."
THE CORN TRADE. CORN EXCHAGE. MARR-T,ANVi, Af...- 19 The supplies last week were generaly good, with an abundance of country flour. The exports were 455 quarters of wheat, 125 quarters of malt, and 35 sacks of flour. The quantity of English wheat was 7,073 quarters, the foreign being 7,732 quarters, chiefly from the Baltic and Hamburg. The morning's supply from Kent was moderate, but plentifdl from Essex. Higher rates were at first demanded, but as the day advanced it was found only practicable to sell at former prices, and the bulk was undisposed of. The trade in foreign wAs only retail. Country flour was in abundance, there being 18,189 sacks, -vith 1,435 sacks and 1,858 barrels of foreign. There was no change in the prices of any description, but there was an increased difficulty in the sales of Norfolk, which were held at 48s. The receipts of En,lish barley were 1,646 quarters, with 3,747 quarters from Denmark and Holland. There being scarcely any inquiry for malting qualities, all descriptions were ls. lower. Malt sold slowly without change of price. Nsearly the whole supply of oats was foreigu,-viz., 25,692 quarters out of 26,763 quarters. Swzet corn sold heavily at the previous quotations, but parcels out of con dition were rather cheaper. Of beaus there were 1,830 quarters from Alexandria, with 397 English. Pcas in all amounted to only 170 quarters. Both these descriptions of pulse were fully as dear. The supply of linseed was short, viz., 400 quarters, the exports being 700 quarters. A good demand still obtains at ls. further advance, with a continued inquiry for cakes at full rates. * Very little passing in cloverseed, stocks being too limited for much speculation, and in firm hands. In mustardseed, hempseed, canary, and other descriptions there was no alteration. Ac=ount of Corn arrived in London from May 5 to Mayl0. CURRB= PRICES OFf BR-ITISHE GRAIN A?iD FLOUR IN MARIK-LAIE. Silnsper quarter. Wheat-Ricer and. Kent, wbite, new ... 1t 1extra - to 75 Ditto,red, new ... *.. 59 -65 - -72 Norfolk, Idneolnahire, and York-shire, red, new. * '. 59 -64 - -70 Barley-Mfalting, new .... 0- 4 Chevalier * 1 -43 Distillng .. .*. .36-39 Grinding * 33-35~ Mlalt- Essex,lNorfolk, and Suffolk ...73 -75 --81 Kingston, Ware, and town-miade ..73 - 7s - S Brown *65 -63 -- Rye * -40 Oatg- English feed * 21 - 22 potato * 22 -25 Scotch foed, new:: 2 - 24 Ditto, old * 26 - 27 P O taaO , 24-25 Ditto,.black s18- 19 --20 Beans 1%aaa 33 - 54 Ticks *~~~~~.... . 32 -35 Hrarrow * 35 - 3 Pigeon ~~~~~~~~~37 -41 Pea.- White;bilr * 0 - 4 Maple . 42 -44 Gray.. . . 34 -35 Flour- Townm-iade.p)erk.oi2SOlb.,Househds-. 60 dune 63 -65 Country.47 - 43 Ditto, households ..O.J..... - 52 Norfolk and Suffolk, ex shp-o . ... 47 - 45 FOREIGN GRtAIN. hUg le iaer WFheat-Danish, mixed 80 to 82 high mixed - -6.2 ext.- to.8 Konigsberg .. 78 -80 - Z--8 -- 83 Bostoclr,new.. 12 -73 fine -76 --4 Amuerican. white 72 -74 red -- 60 -66 Pomerat, blIerkb., mndUek-erulk., red 7 79 80 - 52 'Slesian. red .. 74 -76 white . . 78 - V Dais &Hoten60 -64 , . .6-66 Odessa, St, Peters- buk-6, &Riga ..62- 64 fin . . 66- 63 Barley-Grinding . .32-35 Distiling 35 -37 Oats- Due,rsadea&: 24 -25 Ditto,feed.~~~~~~20 -22 Danish and Swedish feed . to~~~~~~~2 -22 Strlsod.Hj .. .22 - 24 "onig"berg.' '0 Peas- ..%u 235 Fine boilers.:42 -44 T,Ai-, Corn-Vadto.. 3~~~~2 - 33 Yellow.32 -Si Flour- yns,Per sack. . .49 -53 aericean, sUr, per banre! (nominal) . 3 .. 35-3 Ditto,SWee.dtto.36-39 SW ~~~BRITISH SEEDS. S. IL Cloverseed, red, p er. 6w.5 - SD Ditto, white .to-so0 Trefoil, per met. 0- 4 Tares winter, per bushel.l. Gs.d. - 8 Coriander, per rat. .20 - 24 Caraway, per mcwt, new.£0 - - Canary,.per qr. r 6- 62 Lrnaeed, qrq, sowing, s;0 ' 55 - 5 Ke,per toxe..5 £13 £130 Eapeseed, per qr.. new.-3_9 Cake, perton.£610 £7A 0 Clovrsee, rd, FeOsFOREIGN SEES, to. Clovarsee. recl, 'renelt . .. .. s - 70 Ditto, whites Dutch...... . 70 - 90 Taerr, per bushel .55. .; :--s.Gd Hempaced,] per qr. Sal .. .uc-56- - Coriander, per mit. 15 - 20 Caraway. -4 1lAseed per qr.-Balt3.£U 2 - 57 Bombay .... Cake, per ton.£1210'£13110 FBApeeed, Dutch .. 87 - a Cake, per ton "a £10 £7 0
AfETROPOITA N CATTLE-MABRKET, ay 12. The arrival of cattle and sheep into the port of London from the continent during the past week has been small. The Cnstom-honso retun gives an entry of 21 oxen, 240 calves, 29 pigs, aud 616 sheep, mabing a total of 908 head. The supplies to-day of meat were on the aggregate very good ax regards quantity, while trade was generaly very slow. Of beef the suply ws laIrge, the num r of beasts returned for toWl being 4,000. The linest quality sold at a reduetion of 2d. per stone, while other sorts were about tbe same as on Friday lat. Of aheep and lambs the retnrn gave entries to the number 0o leI than 20,U00 head in alL. Prime South Down mutton vent at lower ratebut inferior and middling deseriptions aere stey. Lamb was runaltered in price. Veal and Pork were both a atendy and quiet sale. Comparatize of Psioss. and Supply of Caftle at maekst.
i - . AL WAY AKD-MtINING SEHARES. --- Monday Evening. The railway-narlet iwas heavy, sales having increased towards the close. French, Belgian, and Indian were also rather weaker, but Dperatiors zenerally were limited. Alstralian land and b;ank-shares presented little alteration. Other descriptions remain neglected at nearly nominal quotationZs. Ottoman Bank left offat a I pm.; Bak of Eoaypt, i to i pm.; Riga lRailWay, lj to A pm.; Lombardo-VTenetian lRailway, 6i to '7pmi.; WYestern of London Bank, 5 to 4 discount; London and Paris, 4 to 3 discount; and National Discount l}ompany, i- to i discount.
GLAsGcow, May 1O.-Cotton.-During this week we have little change to report in our market. The demand has been moderate and prices steady for nearly aU kInds. In goods and yarns the market has been less active than formerly, but as there are large contracts still on hand there is no yielaiez in Znces. Iron.-TEhere has been quiet feeling in the pig-iron-market during the last wreek, and prices have been barely supported. Speculators show some disinclination to operate either for a rise or fall, in the uncertain position in which the trade has been placed by the obstinate strike which, having continued already more than two months, seems far from any satisfactory conclusion. The men are as unwillingas ever to resume w ork, while the masters being equlyresolute, aredampingor blowingout furnaces, so that before thisdayweekfully athird of the Scotch furnaoes wvil have ceased to plroduce. The stock has beenmateriaUy reduced, and several brands are scarcely obtainable. TodayamoderatebuEiness has been done onvarions terms, from 74s. to 76s. fer money warrants, which m=ay now ba quoted to 47s. Qd. cash; Nlo. 1, 76s. ; No. 3, 73s. Gd. Kn&s OoL1La-z.-The distribution of prizes in theimedical department took place on Saturdaybefore a numerous asemblage of persons interested in the institation, among whom were his Royal Highuess the Doke of Cambridge, the Archbishop of Canterbury, lord Ildatocir, Sir Thomas Phillips, and Mr. William Cotton. The following is a list of the distinctions conferred SCHOLAESHIPS. Wy. ..oSn Senior Scholar. Tonge. eom .. SecondYearSchoUlr. Easton.Jehn ....... . . . Atebhle`,Gerge X;eder;ic .. .. .. Junior Sebiola. Marley. John.... 1Cayleyelnl1rlm l. . Wareferd Schoas. -Belcher, RobertEhirley.. Clu 2) TRIZES61D CERTIICATES OF HONOUIL YWmter Semsion, lSS5.. -Dvinity. -.anson, ArthurErneet .. 2dyYearl .lel, ttw icihrd Whitfield Ist yearf Warneferd Endowment. .._dy. EllwinlEiuud.. . let Prize. gtuseel CharLesshartin.. . .. 2a. ,eathes' Endowment. Le!gh,,John.._ .. .. .. .. Ist Prize. Yleiweman, Alfred .. .. :. Sd Gill Prize. Cayley, Wuiliam. Anatomy. Watson, 'WIlliam Spencer .. .. Prizes. 3leeres,idwazd Eran y,JohnTeerey -Cedfinateo}Honour. Rendie,-CharleaBamhdidge) nrho mpecn, xedmund Symes latrsear physioloy. 'Watson, William Speneer . Prize. aleerec, Edward Eran .. 2d year r Hewslett RichardWhitfield- 1st year * Certific of Honour. lfforten, James .. .. J Chymaietry. Mleereg, Edward Evan .. . .. Prize. 'Watson, William Spencer .. .. CertfiGato of Honour. Medicine. 3AZadowa. Alfred.. .Prize. Luese,lLCharliesMartin Cerafica"DfHonO= .R&nstie, Fancis Edimund ar.oHos. RX)y, Edwin Edmund Se. Priz Groom, William. Witford. Auton;y .. . Certificates of Honoer.r Craddock, Samuel . . -. Clinica Surmy. INhitford, Antony. ... . Ze. Chester, Arthur ..clinical .. .. .. Certifri3O ot RMOUr. Clinical hledkicse. Way, John .. .. -. .. Prize. Medical SocieIYPrize. Siccama, Rinmo oIbert.. . P. .. Prize. SUMMER SESSIOIi 25 18-55. lSAany. ' Watson. villiam Spee .. .. izc. Tobge. Morrs ..::}crebou o fnee ur Saurorl, Arthur Era"U. M%teria Medica. Ton,e, Morris. .. Prize. Bpenoer, HeuryrAnleS ; Practilcal ChymniatY- SpratUy Samuel .. ,. .. .. Prize hitford,Antory e} Certificatof Honour. Rendle, Charleerauembrid.. .. Prize. Mleadow Alfred ...... . Pear3s. Robert Edmund :: . CertificateorHonour, Spratly. Samuel.. Forensic Medicine. fiiccamua, Rlnsolobert..........l ... re Siturges, Monta6ge Js,mes . . fe. Pearee. Robcehrt Eum,d GerItificatel ofIHSetr. ComparatiTe Anatootn. 'No =iema Clinical dedileue. foln,Francis Joseob .. -. Prize" 8t'Gown, rAlexander Thorbn . Certificate of Hotnour. Clinical Surgery i 9traker, John Fort3nm,, , ;. Prz
LOiYDON, TUESDAY, MAY 13, 1856. Our readers are nlow inpossession of the Note addressed by the Plenipotentiaries of Sardinia to the Paris Conference. Its contents have been already in a great measure anticipated by the conversations reported in the 22d Protocol, but still it is impossible to peruse such a document -without feelings of the liveliest interest and sympathy. The Plenipotentiaries begin by stating that they irere disappointed in the hope that the Congress would not separate -without taking into consideration some plan for restoring the equilibrium of Italy, now disturbed by foreign intervention, -athough they admit at the same time that, owing to the peculiar position of Austria, such consideration turned out to be impossible. They therefore introduce the subject on their own acCount. The evils of Italy they attribute to foreign intervention, and the system of repression, which was justifiable perhaps in 1848, has been persevcred in for eight years with unremitting or even increasing rigour. They state t;hat this condition of affairs is fraught with a double danger for Piedrniont,-first, the awakening of revolutionary paS0on, from which the temperate and balanced lihertr of a limited monarchy has almost as much 1-6.read as absolutism itself; and, secondly, from the measures which Austria takes w.ith the view or *-un&re the pretence of counteracting revolutionary movements, the result of which is that she envelopes with a large force the eastern frontier of Pied3nont, occupies Parma, fortifies Piacenza, and tlhus obliges -her weaker neighbour to maintain an-amount of force which drains her population, and is extremely injurious to her straitened finances. Sardinia, they remark with much truth, is the only State in Italy which has been able at the same time to erect a barrier against the rovolutionary spirit and to keep free from the insidious and still more perilous protection of Austria. Sardinia has combated anarchy not with despotism, but with moderate and reasonable freedom, and for this reason anarchy and despotism are equally in league against her. Whatever, therefore, promotes the cause of IAZzzir or l;ADETzKy-whatever stirs up the passions of the populace or stimulates the cruelty and ambition of priests or soldiers, the twinborn pests of Italy-is equally dangerous for Piedmont, which, being built upon popular and monarchical principles, has everything to fear, whether from the sword of the despot or the torch of the incendiary. This, then, is the condition of Piedmont, and this is the right on which she claims to bring before assembled Europe the Italian question. She is possessed of an excellent constitution, a patriotic King, and a people well fitted for the enjoyment .ind preservation of freedom. But these blessings slie is not permitted to enjoy-nay, she is threatened every moment with their loss or curtailment, because it is the pleasure of certain conservative Powers, on the one hand, to stimulate the passions which fill her towns with political exiles and tend to confuse her Government with that of her arbitrary neighbours, while, on the other hand, these same Powers are constantly acting with revolutionary violence, and committing, in the name of order, worse excesses than anarchy itself could devise or execute. The ground taken by Piedmont is the very one so often used to justify armed intervention-the dread of the mischief which the disturbanices of one State may bring to the welfare of another, only here the argument is used to prevent, instead of to further, foreign interference. There is, indeed, only one remedy for the affairs of Italy. That is, to suffer her to become once more what she has never been since that unhappy day when the nmiserable ambition of CHALIES VIII. repeated with fatal success the policy of the HoHENsTAurFrEN, and again sent across the Alps those legions of foreigners who swept away that peculiar civilization which shed so much splendour over the history of the middle ages, and has left behind it the noblest monuments of art and genius that the human mind has produced since the days of ancient Greece. From that unhappy time Frenchman, German, and Spaniard have devastated with rival fury that fair land, which then lost what she has never since recovered-the inestimable privilege of being governed by her own citizens, without the intervention of those foreign spoilers who have ever treated her as their prey, but never as their Idngdom or their coLntry. What aggravates the misery of such a situation, and makles it even more intolerable, is the extreme intellectual cultivation and the high pitch of refinement attained by the victims of this cruel oppression. The modern Italian is not the degenerate inhabitant of Greece, bowed down by centuries of oppression till his only idea of liberty seems to have become the exchanging one master for another. Nor yet is he absorbed in the pursuits of gain and engaged in the vain attempt to secure property. W%Yithout liberty, like the inhabitants of Moldavia and WaUachia, he possesses an intellectual cultivation second to that of no people in the world, and history is ever present to his mind, rich in the mcst animated reminiscences of past glory and the most exciting stimulants for future exertion. The Italians carried municipal government to a point of excellence never attained since the days of ancient Greece, and we need only cite the example of Piedmont itself to show how easily they can adapt themselves to a form of government of exotic growth, and found peculiarly difficult to work out by those countries into which it has been iransplanted. Why, then, we ask, as has been hundreds of times aslked before-wihy, since Europe admits that the internal welfare of one State is no matter of indifference to its neighbours, and recognizes the doctrine that it cannot afford to view wsith indifference those internal convulsions which tend to sow disunion between people and Government-why should Italy alone be deprived of the salutary doetrine contained in this principle, and be condemned to its application only in its sternest and most repulsive form ? We have had interventions everywhere,-interventions in Holstein, in Hesse Cassel, in B3aden, in Spain, in Rome, in Hungary,-everywhere tending, under the pretence of a restoration of order, to ulcerate the wounds of faction, and prepare the way for events still more dangerous and catastrophes still more fatal. If Italy could have been saved by intervention she would not be in her miserable and prostrate statealive, but without the power of motion; a corpse in all but the most exquisite sensibility to agony, the keenest appreciation of torture. We have had Austrian intervention in Naples, Austrian intervention in the Legations, Austrian intervention in Tuscany, Austrian intervention in Parma, Austrian government in Lombardy and Venice; and what have all these interventions brought? The King of NAPLES feels the misery he inflicts, and is not secure either of his throne or his life from hour to hour. The Porn has been a fugitive, and, but for the presence of a French garrison-for the certainty that that garrison would be supported by the full force of the Empire-would be a fugitive again. The Duke of PARMBA has perished by assassination. His wife has fled from her dominions, and Austria is entering on a course of tyranny and proscription which -will probably render her return impossible. The Grand Duke of TuscAi.-r from being the idol has become the 'aversion of his people; and Austria, from intervening in everybody's concerns, is oppressed by a load of debt that seems to threaten immediate bankruptcy. Such are the fruits of intervention. Now, suppose for a moment that the great Powers of Europe were not too great to learn, like ordinary mortals, by experience, what would these thingsteachthem? Probably this-that, as meddling in their neighbours' affairs is good for nobody, so letting their affairs alone might very likely turn out to be the best thing for everybody. If Austria has ruined herself by interfering, the readiest -way to reduce her establishments and recruit her finances is to give up interference for tle future. If the people of Italy have been driven to revolutionary fiuy and the monarchs of Italy to intolerable tyranny by the presence of foreign troops, the reacliest remedy wfill be their withdrawal, which -will relieve the Governments from overweening confidence, and the people from a despair certain to explode in deeds of violence and blood. It is said by Count CAVOUR that England and France are not agreed as to the precautions with which this inauguration of the era of non-intervention should be attended. From this we seem justified in inferring that the Western Powers are agreed on the principle itself, and, if this be so, differences of detail ought not to retard, and will not retard, its application. The matter presses for decision, for the relations of Piedmont and Austria have assimued a form in which they cannot long remain, and by identifying herself with the Italian question Sardinia has staked her very existence on its speedy and satisfactory solution.
It may seem little more thau a platitude, but it is a very distinct and palpable fact, that publicity is one of our national institutions. We love political publicity as much as we do domestic privacy. Hlaving long ago resolvecl to govern ourselves, and to be governed by no autocrat, dictltor, oligarchy, or class, wve have equally resolved that no act of the public shall be done behind the scenes. The true court and senate of this empire is that light of day to which the midnight deliberations of our Parliament are immediately revealed. The light in which we dwell is reflected even on our neighbours, for we cannot send a Plenipotentiary to a Congress without publishing to all the world even its " by the way" conversations. But here at home we revel and bask in publicity. Everything is dragged to light, be it good or bad, edifying or far otherwise. There is not a man among us but has a thought of the day, even in this world, when what he has spoken in the ear may be proclaimed from the housetop. Quarrels, domestic crimes of every kind, party intrigues, mercantile dishonesty,-all dread that unsparing disclosure which surely awaits them. There naturally goes sith this national habit an almost morbid suspicion of whatever is secret or simply not known. Nations have their ways, and this is our way. It is deeply founded in the character and conditions of our race, and, if it is developed in our institutions, it is simply because they only represent the spirit of the people. They who argue that with the spirit of publicity, and under its pretence, there go also iniertinent curiosity, craving for forbidden sights, rudeness, vulgarity, and indelicacy of sentiment, may have a good deal to say for themselves, but they are only arguing from the abuse. After all, they can no more alter the national character on which our customs are founded than they can give us the climate of the tropics or the physical characteristics of the gentle Hindoo. We live neither in the wilderness nor in the secret chambers, but in the marlket-place. WVe must be ruled -by men who can get up and give a reason for all their actions to the whole world, and who are in every sense our " public men." From this it may seem a great decline to so odious and painful a subject as public executions, but these are acts of the State, and therefore with us they are, and must be, public. Nor can we think that the nation will ever be satisfied with that merely legal or virtual publicity, by means of which the Bishop of OXFORD meritoriously attempts to get rid of the bad and retain the good in these awful proceedings. All our public acts, and indeed all our great social acts, are publicly done. The ceremonies of religion are public, and there is a general prejudice against the tendency of the richer classes to make them private. When society steps out of its ordinary routine, and from the paternal offices of teaching, reforming, chastising, restricting, and occasionally rewarding, pro- ceeds to so solemn an act as to deprive a fellow-: creature of his life, and to commit what some do not hesitate to call a judicial miurder, it ought to act as a society in the largest sense of the word. The command to punish blood with blood, on which the duty mainly rests, is given to man in his most aggregate, most authoritative, and most responsible i sense. It is very true the sword is placed in the hand of the magistrate, and that not in vain; and it is also true that he acts with the authority of the State, and must often exercise that authority without the presence of the public. But in .the case of an act so terrible, so simuilar in its outward aspect to the crime it is intended to piuish, and actually maintained by some writers to be as unjustifiable, it is necessary that the State should visibly appeal to the sanction of the people, and do the deed in the eyes of the people. Indeed, this is only fair to the public officers whose painful duty it is to e-xecute the sentence. Whoever will imagine the case of a dozen people, or even fifty peop5le, meeting quietly in I the court of a prison, and taking a wretched woman and stranglinlg her in cold blood, will see at once that to the officers themselves a private ceremony of this kind must be more painful and horrible than a public one. For our part, and as far as concerns the place these affairs occupy in our columns, a public ceremony imposes a much less, disagreeable task than a private one. There are jotunals that would fill whole pages with minute details of the behaviour of the criminal,j and particulars to show whether the executioner bungled or not. At present, if a man has a taste for these matters, he can hire a window opposite the scaffold, or take his place in thm crowd. But the very fact that a taste for sucl s-ectacles is so vulgar that the frequenters are generally of a low class reflects to so,me extent on f:ae narrative of an execution, and enables us to cut it rather short. Weze the thing done in the court of the prison, and only permitted to transpire through the public press, curiosity would become more respectable, and the journals might be expected, even by gentlemen and ladies, to give details as ample as those which filled thee American journals when Dr. WExTsR was about to be executed. We quite admit the truth of the Bishop of Oxroi0t's remark, that there are cases hardly distinguishable from the very worst which, by their mere appeal to our weakness, bring into question the whole practice of capital punishments. No doubt, it is very horrible to take a good-looking young woman out into the face of day, and deiiberately kill her, in spite, as has sometimes happened, of struggles and shrieks. In these cases, too, it may happen that the crime committed has been one of the most atrocious character. WVe cannot recall a more genuine, more inexcusable, and more aggravated murder than that which was dons by Mrs. CS-LESTInA Sosn , who was reprieved the other day. Of course she was reprieved, not because there was the smallest redeeming feature in the deed of blood she had done, but because she was a woman, a youmg one, and one the sight of whom might move some natural pity. Her reprieve may possibly be owing to the ho.rror of hanging women or of capital punishment altog-,her; but we cannot follow the Bishop of OxroRD in tLinking that it bears particularly on the public, or comparatively private, execution of the sentence. Of the two, were it our duty to put a woman to death, that is, to see it done, we would rather do it before the greatest possible number of witnesses, in the sight of the sun and mankind. Nothing would be more horrible than to have the woman brought out among us, and deprived of life snugly and quietly before a select party. Lord REDES- DALE appears to think it would be so far possible to divest executions of their horrible character as to make people tolerate more the capital punishment of women who have murdered their own children, and therefore convict them more readily. Judgesand juries, however, would be quite as averse to hanging a woman in a courtyard as before the gaol door, and the difficulty would remain after we had given up the publicity of capital punishments. As for their supposed effect in hardening a certain class of spect - tors, as exhibiting men " dying game' and bravin g the terrors of a ftuitre world, a youth must be very far gone who can derive any encouragement to crime from seeing a man hung for it. Such a result is so directly contrary to the usual current of human motives that we must beg to regard the ,alleged cases as highly abnormal, if not wholly apocryphal. Even this objection, however, does not apply to the question of public versus private executions, unless the behaviour of the criminal is to be wvholly concealed from the public. This would be imlpossible. Even if we published a statement on official and clerical authority that the man had died penitent, and with his last breath desired that his fate might be a warning to others, somne of the witnesses would be sure to teul the truth. But the least attempt at secrecy would afford a loophole for any amount of mystification and false rumour. If the sptetators issued from the gaol door under any promise of reserve what- ever it would soon be beEeved that the deel had not been done. No doubt, the whole subject is most painful and difficult, and here, as in a hundred other instances, we have to confess that something must be done, though no one can say what. While a certain class of sentinentalists are urging the difficulties of capital punishment with a view to its abolition, at least so far as regards female offenders, at the same time the question of minor punishment is surrounded by greater difficulties thau ever. One remark we will venture to make, because we have heard it made long before things came to their present pass. There is very little attempt to make secondary punishments operate as a publiowarning. We have given up all kinds of public punishments,excepting one only-that of thegaillows. This is inconsistenit, and to a certain extent unfair. When a criminal is hung, though his guilt may be only a shade or two greater, if at all greater, than that of some one transported or sentenced to a term of imprisonment, he has a double aggravation of punishment,-he is deprived of life, and ignominiouslyexposed. This ignominious exposure is regarded by many as the worst part of capital punishment. But, though it is a powerful element, it is also comparatively cheap, and may be applied with more thrift and discretion than in the one rare and final act of a capital execution. If our worst and most hardened offenders were periodically exhibited, either in the streets or in gaol, with their names and offences ticketed to them,-if they were put to hard labour where everybodymight go and see them,-if even their portraits and names were placed somewhere accessible to the public, we might not do the offenders themselves any good, but we might make them the reluctant means of deterring others from crime. All experience shows that there are criminals whom it is, humanly spealing, impossible to reform; and, as wve cannot reform them, and must maintain them, we msay as well utilize them for the benefit of others. Whatever may be thought of this suggestion, we cannot help pointing out the inconsistency, not noticed the other night, of adding the utmost possible ignominy to capital punishment, and, to alU appearance, entirely sparing the feelings of the offender, who by a stretch of mercy is let off with penal transportation or servitude.
The war is at an end. The debates that have been and the illuminations that are to be are sufficient witnesses of the fact. In a very short time the soldiers who were airayed before Sebastopol will be either recalled to the motlher country or dispersed among the various colonies of Great Britain. Iord GREY has already caUed public attention to the system upon which the military armaments of Eng,land are for the future to be arranged. Are we, on the one hand, to maintain our establishments at such a point that we should always be prepared on the instant to engage in hostilities? Are we, on the other, to keep our money in our pockets against the hour of need, so that if, after the end of 20 years, we are caUed upon to enter on a campaign, we - ay have the savings of 20 years to work upon before we tamper with fresl credits? The question, with the necessary modh.fcations which the good sense of every one wi .1: ri ort into this statement, anay be thus left to the consideration of the public. Russia du;ing the recenit war presented an example of one system,-England, practically, of the other, although notihing could have been further from the intention of the English people than to work out the rival theory in practice. It has been too much the fashion to say that thie policy of the reformers has been the cause of reduced estimates, and reduced estimates of defective preparations. This has never been the case. Even the late Mfr. HinE, who is universaUy esteemed the chorngus of Parliamentary skinflints, was at all times ready to vote the necessary sums for the defence of the country. He constantly, and with reason, declaimed against the wanton unthrift and the scandalous abuses of our dockyards, otur Ordnance, and generally of our naval and military departments. His language, and the language of all w ho acted with him-if we except hialf-a-dozen fanatics of little account-invariably was, that if the military and naval departments were compelled to aecept reduced budgets they must reform their abuses, as they could not leave the country without the necessary means of defence. The reformers, however, made a false estimate, as the result has proved. The reduced estimates were accepted, but the services were not reformed. It was not until the cannon of Sebastopol had roused us from our dream that we set about that task in good earnest. The pressure of present and imminent danger has now been removed. It remains to be seen if we have learnt wisdom from experience, and whether we cannot find some escape from the alternatives of monstrous establishmlents or an undefended empire. As far as the arginuent from the Russian war can be legitimately extended, it runs entirely in favour of economy. Say that for the last 40 years, to take roiund numbers, we had expended an additional sum of 10,000,0001. or of 5,000,0001. per annum upon our naval and military establishments, and it needs no great skill in arithmetic to calculate the financial consequences of such a system. It may be said that in such case we never should have had the war at all. Granted; but the armed peace would have been a heavier burden upon the people than the actual war. This, however, is not a fair statement of the case, for, in all human probability, had the sums which have been granted by the liberality of Parliament been rightly expended we might have arrived at the same result. Had a wise system of administration prevailed at the various military offices and at the Admiralty, the Czar NIcHoLAS would have hesitated somewhat longer ere he brought do-wn upon his head the active hostility of Great Britain. The fact, however, was, that we were unprepared for war, not because money had been unwisely saved, but because it had been unwisely spent. What *rere the departments which broke down in practice when the value of our armour was tested in the Crimea? The answer to this question will so instantly occur to our readers after our unhappy experience of the last two years, that it would be idle to set it out here at any length. Our Commissariat, our transport, our medical departments broke down. The Admiralty supplied us with big ships in abundance, but there was an entire deficiency in the class of boats and batteries necessary for the purposes of the war, or of the means of constructing them. The Staff arrangements failed. There was a lanmentable lack of officers capable of holding and exercising high command. These were some of the principal defects in our armour when it was put to the test, and we cainnot see that they would have been cured by an increase of the establishments upon the old system. MNIore infantry regiments, more cavalry regiments, more RAGLANs, AnEss, and LnucA-s, would not have helped us in our difficulty one bit. We foresee that great efforts will be made to persuade the people of this country to consent to an increased expenditure on the ground of the trials through which we have just passed. We read otherwvise the lesson to be derived from the experience of the last tlhree years. That experience has shown us that for manning our ships and filling up our rains we can depend without the snialle~: apprehiension upon the enthusiasm and spirit of the country, if we but make the condition of the soldier and the sailor what it snould be, The experiment of the Mvilitia has been tried, and has been found eminently succeasful. Al that would seem requisite to make this engine as efficient as possible as a feeder to the Line is, that as many officers of actual military experience as may be should be attracted into the 3Iilitia service, so that the levies may be regularly and efficiently trained. We are not, of. course, laying down figures which must be adhered to with extreme precision, but we- aro of opinion that about 100,000 picked men-the very best we can findof whom 0,000 to be retained in the British Isles, and 50,000 to be dispersed throughout the colonies, exclusive of artillery, but supported by a perfect artillery, would suffice for the defence of the British empire. We do not take into account the native forces in India. With 50,000 picked men at home, leaning on the Militia, and supported, as we before proposed, by an artillery as perfect as it could be made, we should feel not only secure at home, but ready at any time to support the interests and honour of Great Britain whenever and wherever they might be threatened. In this calculation we have purposely made no mention of the Marines -that most admirable and efficient body. We should be glad to see this force maintained at a strength of 10,000 men or thereabouts, not only from its own high merits, but because this corps has always been smngularly free from official influences. From these-which have been the great curse of the British army-the Marines have been happily exempted. What a weapon in the hand of that country which is predominant at sea! The dearest interests of Great Britain are so heavily involved in tho maintenance of tranquillity, that there is no danger of our abusing a power of this kind. All that we require is that the peace of the world may be preserved. While upon this subject, we cannot too earnestly insist upon the necessity of k;eeping our sildled establishments at the veryhighest point of efficiency. We mean by these the Engineers, the Artillery, and the Boards which may be charged with the duty of giving England the full advantage of her scientific and mechanical superiority. These departments have hitherto been grossly mismanaged. The Russians beat us at engineering, although STEPHWnSON and B Ein,xr are Englishmen. A short time before the Russian war brokle out there was scarcely a battery at Woolrich fit for service. The various Boards which were charged with the duty of clothing, accoutring, and arming the British soldier had left him, in point of clothing, accoutrements, and arms, well nigh at the bottom of the list by comparison with the troops of foreign nations. It is high time that Lord PAREX should feel that nothing is more distant from the idea of the British people than the maintenance of a huge military establishment for the pleasure of the War-office, the Horse Gu-Lris, .nd the'Court. War, fearful as the trade is, is a trade which, as far as England is concerned, must helnceforth be carried on on something like the principles of business. We must have higlhly skilled servants, and theymust be wellpaid. It is not, however, by the lavish expenditure of money, but by judgment and forethought, that the military power of England is to be maintained at its proper level.
AUSTRALIA. We takce the following, additional items of inteliUgence from the Mfelbourne papers, brought by the Ocean Chief - " The advices from Sydney are fo February 20. The banLs had adopted uniform rates of exchange, the quotations being 2 per cent. premium for selling, and par for purchasing. Some fresh discoveries of gold had been made at Ophir Creek. The total of 28 days' earning of a party of diggers was 400 ounces, consisting principally of nuggets, one of which weighed 21b. to 31b. The opinion generally prevalent is that the Ophir country is one large rich goldfield. " The dates from Adelaide extend to the 19th of Febraary. A severe storm had visited the :Macclesfield district, doing great injury to the crops. lour continued fhrm, at 251. per ton at the port, and there was no change in imported produce and merchandise. But little wheat was changing hands. "Afobart Town dates to February 20, Launceston to February 21, have been received, but they contain no news of interest. " New Zealand advices to January 26 have also been received. The Governor had recently paid a visit to Nelson, which had added considerably to his popularity. The.elson Exacmincr gives glowing accounts of the progress of the settlement, the extension of the commerce, the increased area of cultivation, and the improved appearance of the town. Some very fine specimens of copper ore had been found in the Dun .Mountain mine. "The third session of the Provisional Council of Wellington was opened on Thusday, Decemboer the 27th. The superintendent, in his opening address, estimated the revenue for the year 1856 at 3S,ODOI., which includes a balance in theTreasury of 15,000L The cost of the several departments of Government he does not think will exceed 10,00b.; a balance of 2,I0001. will thus be available for Dublic works and undertakings. The Provincial Government is repre. sented as being very popular at the present time." AUSTRALAN II\AhARKETS. ELnBOURN, Feb. 25.-The tendency in the gold-market has been upward, and the price of gold has been for the past two days 31. l6s. Gd. per ounce. The rise (according to Clark's Gold Circular) has caused a large quantity of gold to be releasedfrom deposit in the camps at the fields. in consequence of the number of first-class vessels on the berth for London, the demand is likely to continue good for some time. The Journal of Coiurncrcc says :-" Orders from the intenor are coming in, and a proportionate amount of our stock is finding its way to the diggings. Advanced rates have been paid for several articles, especially candles, which are held firmly for a further advance. No change to report in ale or beer. A good deal of speculation going forward in butter, but little going into consumption at ls. 5d. per lb. for first brands. Coffee without material change, good samples getting scarcer. Some sales by aucton of dry goods have brought good rates when compared with prices lately current, but by no means remunerative to shippers. In a short time, however, we think a better feeling will exist. No transactions in tallow to note. As there is shipping offering for dead weight, meltes could command extreme rates. Hides are veryfirm. Large parcels much wanted. At auction a smaU lot inferior brought is. ; heavyv well cured are worth 13s. to 13s. 6d. A few lots (small) have changed hands at firm rates. There is no desire to operate in wool at present p rices, and there is no supply. At the weekly produce sale there was a spirited competition, and prces of wool ruled Ad. per lb. over the rates of the previous sale. Breadstnffi declining in value." MELEOURNS LAnOunP-MSexicv.-The market keeps tolerably well supplied with labour, both skilled and unskilled. Ihere exists a good demand for first-rate ploughmen, employers being very particular as to com tency in that branch of agriculture. The demand for mecmnical labour is improving, and the prices now given for every branch leave the cmployj no just ground for complaint, considering the reduced state of the markets. Women are in good demand, and at very high wages; but really good thorough servants are extremely scarce; families having girls of that description wil advancewagessoonerthan lose them. With Rations.-Married couples (without families), 701. to S01.; ditto (with families), 551. to 651.; gardeners, 521. to 651.- grooms, 521. to 601.; stock-keepers, 501. to 551.; shepherds, 301. to 35?.; hutkeepers, 261.7to 281. per annum. Farm labourers, 20s. to 25s. perweek; plonglhmen, 2-5s.per wveek; shearers, 16s. to 20s. per 1 00; sheepwzashers, 25s. per wreek;* male cooks, 20s. to95s. per week; wvaiters, 20s. to 30s. * and blacksmiths, 50s. to 60s. per week.: WithoutBRations.-Blacksoiths, 41. to 4?. 1Os. per week - carpenters, 10s. to 12s. masons, 125. to 14s., bricedayers, 12s. to 14s., plasterers, 12s. to 14s., quarrymen, 10s. to 12s., and labourers, S&. per day. ; stonebreakers, 5s. to 6s. per yard ; compositors, Is. 4d. per 1,000; pressmen, 41. to 51. per week-. Female Domestics.- Thorough servants, 301. to 351. ; housemaids, 261. to 301.; laundresses, 301. to 351.; cooks, 351. to 401.; nursemaids, 151. to 351.; ;and needlewomen, 251. to 30?. per annum.o Gssaoc(i LAnour-3vsuinuT, Feb. 23.-The labour-nlarket has been moderately supplied with female domestic servants during the past w-eek, and the demand has been good. We have a good demand for thrashers, bullock-drivers, and somIe other descriptions of farm servants; also for married couples, and ploughumen are more in request; but at the sametime w,ages are rather tending downwards. The remarks which we have had to make very frequently of late stiU apply-viz., that mechanics are not much in demand. BALLARAT, Feb. 2L-Trade has been rather dull, and complaints are again numerous amaong our dealers, the start that we noticed in our last having died away. The Chalk HiiUs and that neighbourhood still continue to get off a quantity of goods. Magpie has only a smaU consumption. Fiery Creek is now fully supplied direct from town, and wa are unable to clear off any of our surplus produce in that quarter. A good many of ourlarge storekeepers are selLing off atpresent, whichalsotends to keep down prices. Ali sorts of farming produce command a ready market, ad the supplies from towns are greatly stopped, as it is found that they cannot be Landed here from that quarter so cheaplyas by our farmers in .heuneig,hbourhood. Flour is quoted at 391. to 4ll. for Chilian, and 421. to 451. for colonial, The price of gold is quoted at 37. lCs. 3d. to 31. lGs, id,, and in, EQ2ieinstances 31. 17e has been given.
AMERICA. LTVERPOOL, lIxr 12: The Royal Mail steamship Africa, Shannon, coni mnander, has arrived with advices from :New York to the 30th ualt., and $1,044,558 in specie on freight. The Royal Mail steamship Persia, hence, arrived at New York on the morning of the 29th ult. She was off the bar on the night of the 28th, in about 9 days 10 hours from LiverpooL On the 30th ult. the Africa passed the United States' Mail steamship Ericsson going into cNe Yerk, and on the 4th inst., in lat. 41 35, long. 56 30, she spoke the City of Baltinore, hence for Philadelphia. In the House of Representatives Mr. Quitan had advocated the repeal of the Neutrality Laws, which he considered a violation of the constitution and a stigma on American intelligence. Re said, "M exico is in a state of dissolution, divided into factions, and lingering out a miserable existence by selling her territory to this country. In Central America there have been a series of revolutions for years. Cuba, the last remnant of the gigantic despotism of Spain, is necessary for the protection of our commerce andfor the national repose and security. The law of nations depends upon cireuimstances. Their foundation is reason, right, and justice. WVe have not our own connectine link between the'Atlantie and Pacific States, and that man is guilty of moral treason who halts about the means of seizing the Isthmus. It must be taken, even at the expense of a war. It is manifest destiny, as well as a national necessity." Inthe course of his remarks he said England had had the address to induce the United States' Government to reject a favourable treaty with Doniinica, and had besides exerted an influence over Spain to their detriment. Daty to their country demanded that they should guard against the repetition of such flagrant offences. The discussion was adjourned. Special advices had been received at Washington from Commodore Salter, of the Brazil squadron, stating that he had returned to Rio from escorting out to sea the steamer America, which it was supposed was fitted out at New York as a Russian privateer, and that she had not been molested by the British admiral, as previously threatened. Further disturbances, attended aith fatal consequences to some of the authorities, had again occurred in Kausas. Messrs. RIammocks, Hicks, and Kingsley, charged waith setting on foot at Nfew York a hostile expedition to co-operate with General WFalkerin Nicaragua, had been discharged by the U nited States' Comnmissioner, as he did not consider the testimony sufficient to warrant their detention. The Aspinwall Courier of the 17th ult. descr b2s a terrible massacre by the natives of the Isthmus, on the night of the 15th, at Panama, -wrhereby some 20 passengers on their way to California were killed and between 30 and 40 were badly wounded. The quarrel originated in a dispute about one dime between an intoxicated passenger and a native respecting payment for a piece of water melon. It appears that the native, being much exasperated by the conduct of the passenger, drew a knife, on seeing which the passenger fired and wounded him. The natives thenmustered in strong force, and commenced a terrible assault upon the passengers, among whom were several women and children. When the survivors were attempting to escape on board a steamer in the harbour the natives formed a gaard on the beach, and stripped men, women, and children. They alsoransacked the offices of thePanama Railroad Company and those of the Pacific Mail SteamshipCompany, carrying off everything of value. The advices from Central America report another engagement betwVeen Walker and his Filibusters and the Costa-Ricans. On the 7th Walkler attaclked Rivas defended by 2,00 men (?) with 60D of his Filibusters, and after a fight of 1S hours' duration was compelled, "for want of ammunition," to withdraw, leaving 600 of the enemy dead and a large number wounded. Walker's loss is estinated at less than 1(u0 wounded. This account being ex, parte must be taken at its proper value. A correspondencebetween the British and Costa Rican Governmentsissaidto have been intercepted,containing a tender of 2,000 stand of arms and other aid from the former. The lVew Yor-k Herald publishe3 three letters, with remarks. It says,- "The first letter i' from the Foreign-office of the former Govornment to E. Wallerstein, the Consul-Gensral of Costa Rica; and the other letters are addressed, one officially, to the Minister of Foreign Relations of Costa Rica, and the other, as a private letter, to the President of the Republic:- pui LTPO TANT CORRESPONDENCE. " ' (Copied from the original.) i I Foreign-office, Feb. 9,1856. "'I am directed by the Earl of Clarendon to acquaint you that, havin" referred to the War Department vour letter of the 12th ult., requesting that a small supply of arms may be furnished to the Government of Costa Rica, his Lordship has been informed by that department, in reply, that 2,000 smooth bore muskets (nittons), which are not so highlv finished as the line pattern mnslkets of 1842, can be supplied for this service at ll. 3s. each, or, if it should be preferred, 2,000 of the line pattern muskets of 1852 can be furnished at 56s. 84 each. "'As soon as Lord Clarendon is informed by you of the species of arms which you decide upon, he will communicato further with the War Department, and request that the arms may be placed at your disposal. "'I have the honour to be, Sir. "'Your most obedient and humble servant, " ' E. HA3rlNo.D "'To E. WaUerstein, Esq., &c."' (Translated from the originaL) "' No. 10. l" 'L ondon, Feb. 10, 1856. " ' Sir,-In reference to mynote of the lGth of last month, marked No. 4, in which I communicated to your ExceUency that in the interview with Lord Clarendon I had begged of him to favour our Government with a loan of 2,000 muslkets, I now take great pleasure to inform your Excellency that, on the 9th inst., I was advised by the Secretary of Foreign Relations that Lord Clarendon had consulted with the Minister of War in regard to myrequest, and I received the information that 2,000 muskets could be obtained at the price of 23s., or 2,030 at 56s. 8d., for that service; That as soon asIinformed his Lordship which of the two kinds woud suit me, hewould give orders that the 2,000 might be Placed at my disposal for the use of the Republic of Costa Rica. Ihave not yetreplied to thatcommunication, but I have written a private letter to said secretary, entreating him to send me an order to examine the two :inds of arms. After seeing them, I will still consider if it iS convenient to take them without positive instructions fromhis Excellency the President; but, in the meantime, I am persuaded his Excellency will see the promptness with whicb the Government of her Britannic Majesty has complied with my request is a very strong demonstration of her sympathy and ;oodwill towards that republic. Nothing is said, it is true, in the Minister's letter about the time the money should be paid; it shows that this is left for the republic to determine. "9'9 I enclose herein a copy of the letter mentioned, and I take this opportunity to repeat myself your Excellency's most obedient servant, c'c. W " ' To his Excellency Ser Don Bernardo Castro, Minister of Rlelation of the Ftepublic of Costa Rica, San Jose."' (Translated fromthe original.) " ' London, Feb. 16, 1856. " ' Ser Don Juan Rafael Mora, San Jose de Costa Rica. "'uluch esteemed Sir and:Fiend,-The mail which brings the correspondence of January Ist from Costa Rica bha not arived, and in consequence I have nothing to sayto you in regard to mercantile business. As to publie matters, you will please to refer to my communications of to-day to the Minister. By this ycn will see that this Government is willing to put 2,000 muskets at my disuosal for the service of the repuhEc of Costa RWica. Nothing is said in the note about the time of payment. lIowever, I have not made up my mind to takXe them previous to receivinginstructions from you, or which of the twro kinds of arms to take. In case I should take them previous to your beLng able to write upon the sul;ject I will send them in the month of March, if a vessel sails for Panta Arenas, without further orders from you. I have not yet replied officialy to Lord Clarendon to offer him my most sincerethanks inmy own name and that of the Republic for his manifestation of sympathy aiid friendship for Costa Rica; and, though the affable manner in whichLord Clarendon spoke tome when Ibade him farewell, almost induced me to believe that he would not refuse the muskets, I will not deny the pleasure I felt on the receipt of Mr. Hammond's letter. I could not sleep all that night for joy. I sent him a note on the following day, stating I would address an official note to Lord Clarendon. conveying my thanks, and that in the meantime I entreated him to send me permission from the War Department -to examine the t;o kinds of muskets, so as to ascertain which I should take for the Rtepublic. All this is very good, but I don't like the intelligence from Nicaragua, where it seems Walker is establshing himself firmer and firmer every da. I cannot understand how the other States did not unite themselves from the beginrning to expel him from NTicara. ua. I have letters fron Guatemala and San Salvador, requiring me to ruest from this Government help an4d succour; hut whhat can be done for republcs or people who do not ineake an exertion to help themselves When I was telling Lord Clarendon that Costa Cica already had an army of 800 men on the frontier of Nicaragua he was much pleased, nnd said, ' Th::t was a right step,' and I am persuaded that mr i having msade that insinuation is one of the reasons for ivNing us the muskets The questions pendinig between this couniitry and the IUnitkd States are very compn.ieated, but there will be no waar, for this reason, that th>e tentlemen in thc great republic qoberve that, althopgh the British nation do nit boast or say much on the sab.e:;, they are determined t.n punisb the Yanke¢e very severely
NATIONAL GALLeY.-A picture in tempera, by an early Florentine master, Sandro Botticelli, has been placed in the NLational Gallery. It is circular in form, and represents the Virginm -with the child in her arms, and two youthful adoring figures at ,the sides; one apparently St. John the Baptist, the other an angel. The figtures are half lenfgth and inder life size. This is ono of the pictures pur-chased last year in Italy for the national collection, 2nd is described in the directors' report as having at the back the inscription, "}L Giuliano da San Ghallo" (in more modern orthography San Gallo) an evidence that it was once in the possession of the Florentine architect of that name. THE P1orsrsr-rAT Ara,NcE.-Yesterday morning the annual general meeting of the members of this body -vas held at Ereemasons'-hall, the Earl of Shaftesbury in the chair. The report, which was read by the secretary, stated that the operations of the society during the past year had been varied and important. Several additional centres of action had been established in the provinces, but many of those already organized were far from exhibiting the acti ity which was required in the present day. It alluded to the various measures passed during the present and last session bearing upon Romanism, to the Bible burnang cases at Kingstown, to the case of Cechetti imprisoned in Turkey, and to various other cases. The receipts for the year had amounted to l,OSS. 14s. and the expenditure to within 17t of that suu. The meetingvas addressed on the subjects of Maynooth, nunneries, and Italy, by the Rev. Dr. Cuni uinz, Mr. O'Malley, Q.C., the Rev. W. R. Freemantle, hNr. G. H. Davis, and the Rev. C. PrAd. RMc,ED-scnooL .Jxio.i.-The 12th annual meeting of this society was held last evening, at EIxeter-hall, under the p residency of the Earl of Shaftesbury. liotwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, the haU was densely crowded. The noble chairman, having commended the objects of the society to the meeting and the public, called upon the secretary to read the annual report, which stated that additional schools had been opened in various localities, and the total number in operation was-12S Sunday-schools, with 17,327 scholars; 98 day-schools, with 14,093 scholars; 117 evening schools, with 8,026 scholars. he voluntary teachers, who last year numbered 1,859, now numbered 2,118; and the paid teachers, 332. The amount which the schools raised, independently of grants from the Union, exceeded 20,0001. a-year, which, however, fell considerably short of their expenditure. The number of industrial classes in operation was 83, with an average attendance of 3.0C0 persons. Of the shoeblaclks there were now three brigades in London, numbering in all 108, who had earned in 12 months 2,2701., of which 1,2351. had been raid to the boys, 5271. had been placed in the bank on their behalf, and 5161. paid to the society. The number of boots and shoes cleaned was 343,783. The scholars placed in situations exceeded in number any former year; 15 boys had been sent abroad during the year. The finances had, owing i to the war and other drawbacks, been less than were required to meet the expenses, and the committee had consequently drawn 1,5001. from the deposit fund. The report was uinanimously adopted, and several gentlemen delivered addresses in advocacy of the objects of the society. THE FoLYrEcnNTc iNs-sTuIToDr.-On Saturday evening Mr. Pe,pper delivered a lecture in the great theatre of this institution on the phenomena connected with the rotation of the moon, illustrated by simple but satisfactory apparatus to prove the rotation thereof on her own axis, accordins to the generally received opinion, and in refutation of the new doctrine recently maintained by Mr. Symons. The lecture, which was a private one, was followed by the perfoiniance of 3Mademoiselle BMundie on the Tyrolese instrumenit called the " Cithier," and by the performance of Herr Ziroim on the " E;mmelynka," a very diminutive specles of mouth-organ. Both these artists Poroduced extraordinary effects and gave -reat delight to the numerous audierce. The gre.t attraction, however, ws asn exhibition of 40 dissolving views on a very large scale, illustrative of " Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress." These pictures are very meritorious, and convey to the spectator in the spac3 of an hour what he would scarcely be master of by the labour of many hours in reading the libretti of the author. The views were rendered perfectly intelligible bv a descriptive lectureby the Rev. J. B. 3rasted, well calcufated to amuse andedify the religiouspublic and serious people. Animmense model of Sebastopol has been added to the collection of the jtitution, the points connected wvith wehich were explained. by a competent emnp1oyg.
FOBEIGN ZYBILLIGENOR. FRACE. I - (From oU2. OWw CORBwSPO2WENT.) |tA porion of the following appeared in our 2econd ediPdon I ORMerld:r --1 PARIS, SuiDAY, hAY 11, 6 P.M. It is reported very currently in Paris that serious explanations have been or will be demanded of the British Government byRussia as to thetreaty of the 15th, signed between Austria, England, and France only 15 days after the signature of the Treaty of Peace by anl the members of the Congress. The conversation that has taken place between the Russian Envoy and the French Government was probably of a less official character, inasmuch as the Moniteur has not published that treaty, while it was presented to the English Parliament by Lord Clarendon with that of the 30th and the protocols. Perhaps excessive importance is given to the former document, but there are persons who hold that it to some extent annuls the latter, instead of being its complement or corollary. It was at first supposed that there vas a secret article; now it is suspected that instead of an additional clause there is a secret treaty, of which no hint whatever has been as yet given. I cannot say how far this suspicion is well-founded. It appears that the Governments have resolved not to communicate the declaration annexed to the protocols respecting maritime law, particularly the abolition of privateering, to any other Governmnents except the parties signing, aware that the Government of the United States wrould not accept it. It wmas rumoured, but I believe without any good foundation, that the treaty of the 1oth would have the effect of retarding, if not stopping, M. de Morny's mission to Moscow. Itiscertain, however, that the Russians are still greatly irritated at it, and I doubt whether Count Orloff would so soon have signed the act of the 30th had he known that of the *5th. A French paper some time since established in Madrid, under the title of Journda de MIadrid, has lately published an article -which has excited surprise and no small amount of irritation. The article appeared, by a strange coincidence, on the 2d of May, the day that the army, the popullation, and the Government were celebrating the anniversary of the rising of the Spanish people against their invaders and oppressors. The dictatorial tone of that effusion was still more irritating, and the sensations produced by it were painful from the fact of the writer selecting such a day, -whilst thousands were gathered round the monument of Daoiz and Vilarde, who gave the signal of that glorious insurrection, to declare that French intervention in Spain was even a contingency. It appears that the editor of the paper ii a M. Hugdmann, who took refuge in Spain after the Wtop d'etat of the 2d of December. 'When he arrived at Madrid he set up the journal first in a democratic sense. A few months ago he was amnestied, and came to Paris. It is rumoured in MIadrid that during his stay here he had interviews with certain influential persons, after which he returned to DIadrid, furnished with sufficient funds to put his journal on a large scale, with correspondents, Ac., and, as a letter from that city expresses it, "as an Imperial organ." The leading article I now refer to, and which, if published in the Spanish language, would have produced a still more serious impression, is, it appears, the first fruit of this new arrangement; and certainly M. Elugdmann does not appear to mince matters. The letter which mentions these facts contains the following obser- vations:- i " At Paris the French Government do all they can to repudiate the idea of intervention. At Madrid their organs, and the French Anbassador among the number, speak of it as a possibility in certain specified cases; and they use the idea as a thumbscrew, which is tightened or loosened according to the exigencies of the moment. England ought not to neglecb this question. The policy of France towards Spain is stereot3ped in the French Foreign-office, and it never has and never will or can vary from the time of Louis XIIT. dow,n to the present day. It was frankly (though perhaps imprudently) declared by M. de Chateaubriand when he said, in 1823, 'L'Espagne est un satellite qui doit toujours rester dans la sphere de la France pour la regularite de ses mouvements et des notres."' I give a few of the more objectionable extracts from the article in question; they are intended as a comment on some of the papers that endeavoured to excite popular indignation by the rumours of an armed intervention:- " The Emperor Napoleon has no inten tion of carryingthe aims of France where the legions of his uncle have left their spirit. He knows that in Spain all men of sense love the Imperial institutions ; he knows that they are all disposed to place the institutions of the Peninsula in relation with those of France, and to facilitate this harmony he spares no efforts. "The Emperor Napoleon, by establishing with the Spanish Government the most friendly relations, by protecting the provinces of the north of the Peninsula against the partisans of absolutism, by seeking to facilitate the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between Madrid and St. Petersburg, by allowiag the riches of the West to flowin on Spanish markets-the EmperorNapoleon, werepeat, isresponsiblebeforeEuropeforthefuture conductof the Spaniards whom he protects by his influence without demanding the slightest sacrifice of the liberties they enjoy at this moment, even that of overwhelming him with ridiculous threats and gross insults, provided that those liberties do not degenerate into licentious extravagance, and that the Peninsula, adroitly led on by the spirit which seeks at this moment to again disturb the repose of the universe, be not a cause of disquiet for the world and a danger to Governments. " Unfortunately for the Peninsula the few extravagant politicians to whom we have just alluded are not the only persons who, while appearing to attribute the intention to others, prepare a fatal struggle which can only put in peril the interests of Spain. We thought we could recognize another hand than theirs in the events of Valencia. We are justly astonished at the presence of M. Barbes at Barcelona, and of that of an envoy from London on the eastern coast of the Peninsula. All this coinciding with certain articles of the English press, tending to excite dangerous hopes in the minds of the enemies of European order, and with the conduct of the personal enemies of the Emperor, whose duties give way to passion, must awaken not only our attention, but that of all those who, like us, are interested in seeing Spain regenerated under the constitutional and prudently liberal Government of Queen Isabella IL As affairs stand at present, nothing alarming is probable. Reason triumphs over folly, generous passions over bad pas. sions, general interest over private interest. But if by any chance things turned out otherwise (which God forbid !), if the Spanish Monarchy were again menaced, if madness triumphed over reason, selfishness over patriotism, and evil over generosity, there is no doubt that theWest and the majority of Spaniards themselves would oppose such a state of things; and, as one of our contemporaries has justly said, nothing could arrest the march of 100,000 men sent to give battle to the revolution, for they would certainly be truer Spaniards than those whom they would encounter in their path." What may be the standing of the editor of the Journal de MadcIrid among those who knowhim I am uinaware. To have,been so lately an ultra-Democrat, and now to figure as an ultra-Imperialist, is no great recommendation. There are two factions in particular who remain the implacable enemies of the Spanish Government,-the revolutionists and the reactionists. The former, with all their madness, I hardly thihk would deliberately call in the aid of foreign, bayonets to establish their system; the latter would be too proud to don the livery of any one who gave them a chance of recovering their lost position. Both are aware that nothmg makes the blood of a true Spaniard so boil in his veins as the idea of foreign intervention, or of an attempt to subject him to French rule in any shape or form, whether by means of violence under a Bonaparte, or by hypo- crisy under an Orleans. Whether the Journal de madrid be the instrument of the reactionar party or not, they must know that if the Emperor Napoleon sent an army into Spain it would not be -with the mission to support a Bourbon on its throne. It is curious that while the French Government complains of the hostility of a portion of the Belgian press it should not disavow any connexion with a paperpublishedintheirlanguageinMadrid containing articles offensive to the independence of the Spanish people, and contemplating in the capital which witnessed the struggle of the 2d of Mfay the contingency of a French invasion. Ilam assured that the Spanish Government continue to express themselves perfectly sati3fied wvith that of France, and particularly with the Rinpeorv. AUSTRTA. (FRom our. owN 0CO'MON)ENrn.) VIENNA, MAY 7. *We learn by the official Wiener Zeitwuzg that Count Colloredo goes to Rome as full Ambassador. As you are aware, Baron de Bourqueney wil return to this city as Anibaheador, and it,ls said that 4ne of the first ateps of the French Government will be to purchase an hotel or palace for the Embassy. The Austrian Government and.the great industrial establishments are now in possession of almost all the large houses, excepting those which belong to and are inhabited by the heads of the great families. Yesterday the Emperor and Emprews left Vienna for the Castle of Laxenburg, which is about 10 miles from this city. The Archduke Ferdinand Max left for Paris yesterday evening, and at the same hour his younger brother, the Archduke Charles Louis, returned to his post at Innspruck. On the 29th April it was resolved in Council that the so-long-expected laws relative to the representation of the different Crownlands should be published in the course of the present year. The Fren&en Blatt learns from Bucharest that Count Coronini has received telegraphic instructions to begin on the 15tll to move his head-quarters and a part of the troops across the Wallachian frontier into Austria. The infantry regiments of Thurn and Taxis and Sigismund return at once, with two regiments of Lancers froi WaaUachia, and other troops are about to leavelMoldavia. Itwasrumoured that the Commissaries of the great Powers would not enter the Principalities until all the Austrian 'troops had left them; but the report seems to be without foundation, as half the army of occupation is to remain for some time to come. We have commercial advices of the 16th April from Taganrog, and of the 25th of the same month from Odessa. In tle last-mentioned port but little business has been done in corn, the prices demanded being too high. At Taganrog, on the contrary, large quantities of corn and other Russian produce have been exported at advanced prices. All the vessels, excepting those of M. Gopeevich, are obliged to keep quarantine at Kaffa (Theodosia) before they pass the straits into the Sea of Azoff. MA 8. The treaty between England, France, and Austria, guaranteeing the integrity and independence of the Ottoman empire, which appeared in the columns of -Te Times of May 3, has taken the Vienna public by surprise. In his letter of the 4th your Paris correspondent states that the agreement to conclude the treaty alluded to "dates from the beginning of November last," but it is well known to me that during the Vienna Conferences (in April or May, 1855) it was settled between Count Buol, Baron de Bourqueney, and (as I believe) the Earl of Vestmorland, that a convention likethat signed on the 15th of April last should form a kind of supplement to any treaty of peace which might be concluded with Russia. The idea originated with Count Buol, and it will appear natural enough that such should be the case, when it is considered thatAustria is the Power which will first be brought into hostile collision with Russia if she should again attempt to interfere with the internal affairs of the Ottoman empire. Rehable information of interest relative to the proceedings of the Austrian Bishops has reached me. Cardinal Scitowski, the Prince Primate of Hungary, used the word "Iiopportune" when speaking of the circular relative to the cemeteries, which was forwarded by the Archbishop of Vienna and the Bishops of inz and St. Polten to their clergy. The Eungarian bishops, with one or two exceptions, display more moderation than their German and Bohemian colleagues, who are sonmewhatless unreasonable than the Italians. These latter stillinsist on a preventive censorship for the whole of Ausria, but they will hardly have their will, as Government is well content with the working of the repressive system. The most bigoted of the Hungarian Prelates is the Bishop of Czanad, who has established a kind of censorship for the express behoof of his clergy. Not long since the occupant of one of the livings in the Czanad diocess died, and as soon as the breath was out of his body the Bishop ordered a list to be made of his books. The order was obeyed, and an auto da fe made of some of them, and among others of the Staats Lec-ionb (State Lexicon) and .Rottecl's TiTniversat History. At Veres Vagas, in the Saroschs county, the parish priest has informed the non-Catholics that they have to removeall their monuments and tombstones from the churchyard, and at the same timae threatened that if the hint is not adopted the remains of their deceased relatives will be taken out of their graves, and re-interred elsewhere. In the Szobolc district it has been decreed by a priest that if any one purposes embracing the Protestant faith he must submit to a daily examination for six weeks, during which examination he must give satisfactory reasons for wishing to secede from the Roman Catholic Church. In various parts of Hungary the clergy refuse to publish the bans of marriage between Catholics and Protestants, and some of the more zealous priests even preach that "mixed marriages" are no better than concubinaae. We learn by the Wier Zeitlzmg that the Archbishop of Vienna has forwarded a draught of matrimonial laws to his ecclesiastical brethren, andrequestedtheito give himtheir opinion oni.LTheArchbishop'sdrauLghtisstronglyrecommend- edby the Papal Nuncio, who professes not to doubt that it will meet with the full approval both of the spiritual and temporal authorities. . We are told that when the Archbishop was at Rome he laid the document in question before five of the most renowned teachers of canonical law, and from them received the assurance "that it contained nothing which was not in strict keeping with the ordinances of the holy canonical doctrines and the prescriptions of the Apostolic Constitutions." It is not in my power to tell you what an Apostolic Constitution is, but we may reasonably suppose that it is something which is not likely to be to the tasto of laymen. About a year since a detachment of engineers was sent, with a corps of pioneers, to blast the sunken rocks at the so-called Iron Gate, but they have received orders to return, " their efforts not having been attended with success." It is possible that the engineers were not very successful, but the true cause of their recall must be evident to every one who knows anything of the matter. The rocks at the Iron Gate are the best allies of the Danubian Steam Navigation Company, inasmuch as they are a-natural barrier between the -Austrians and any foreign speculators who may feel inclined to take advantage of their indisputable right to navigate the Upper Danube. Baron Bruck willleave to-morrow morning for Trieste, and inspect the railroad which is now being constructed between that city and Laibach. Before he returnsthe Minister of Finance will also take a trip to Venice. The Austrian Gendarmerie now consists of 19 regiments, composed of rather more than 20,000 picked men. One of the regiments is not yet in activity. It is related that the Archduke William and the General of Cavalry Count Schlick are to represent Austria at the coronation of the Emperor Alexander IL The official Gazette announces the appointment of Prince Richard Metternich to be Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of Saxony and the Grand Ducal and Ducal Saxon Courts. The Prince, who is well known to the English and French nobility, is the eldest son of the celebrated Austrian statesman of the same name. We learn from Munich that in a few days Count Waldkirch will go to Madrid officially to demand the hand of the Infanta Donna Maria (probably the daughter of the Infante Francisco) for Prince Adalbert of Bavaria, the heir presumptive to the throne of Greece. PRUSSIA. (FR0oz OUPR OWN CORREsrO.M'r.) BERLIN, M&Ar 10. The representatives of Austria and Prussia laid before the Butndestag last Thursday the treaty of peace and its annexes, which have just been concluded in Paris; the Diet received them ad 7referen,d.sn. According to the scanty news we have as yet received of the nature of this communication, it appears that the two chief German Powers iimply exhibit the trust and expectation that the rest of Germany will receive it with satisfaction, and find in it a justification of the confidence whichthe Bund in its last federal resolution had expressed in Austria and Prussia. All accounts coincide in stating that the Bund is not applied to on this occasion to undertake any responsibility as regards a guarantee of the peace, nor even to join it, but is simply fobbed off with the assurance that the interests of Germany have been duly cared for. If this aggregate body of federal States could be supposed to have the perceptions and feelings of an individual State, we might expect, instead of its acquiescing in this suppositious " justifie ol of the confidence which it had expressed in Austria and Prussia," to see it exhibit an outbreak of disgust and indignation at having been so left in the lurch by Austria, which undertook long ago that the Bund should be dufly represented as one of the great Powers of Europe at the coaclusion of an European peace, and should uave a voice iu the arrangement of the conditions if it would onl add it weight to Au5trias infduence in the Vienna conferences. Doubtless the resolution has been proposed, that the state of preparedness for war, in which (in theory) all the Federal States of Germany have been up till now maintaiuing their military forces, is to be at an end with this conclusion of a peace. Bavaria is understood to have brought in a motion in connexion with tiis communication from Austria and Prussia, but its tenor is not yet known. The Mfoniteur of yesterday mentions that the Prussian Minister in Paris, Count Hatzfeld, had, the day before, presented the Emperor of France with the Order of the Prussian BlackEagle, together with an autograph letter from the King; they had been sent off from here on the 1st inst. with the intention of their being presented to the Em-' peror on the same day that the conclusion of the peace was being celebrated with thanksgiving in all the churches of England and Prussia. There is a little more meaninng at the bottom of this bestowal of an Order than is generally the case, and it is another of the many triumphs that the moderate, considerate, conciliatory policy of the Emperor Louis Napoleon has achieved over those who were wont to look on him with distrust on account of the source of his power, and with hatred on account of his descent. Few States have so good cause as Prussia to abominate all that is French and especially that is Napoleonian; and this Order of the Black Eagle conferred on the most proninent descendant of Napoleon and the personification and centre of all that is French offers hereafter as good a security against Russia's recommencing her aggressive policy as the very admirable treaty concluded between England and Francewith Austria at the close of the conferences. Mistrust of and aversion from France have hitherto been the cause of Prussia's passive attitude towards Russia, her encroaching and unscrupulous neighbour; anything that diminishes the virulence of those feelings towards France tends to diminish the necessity of the other towards Russia. The same Order of the Black Eagle has, as I hear, been since forwarded to Count Walewski; of this the highest order in Prussia there is but one grade. It is now looked upon as certain that the Prince of Prussia will be deputed by the King to be present at the coronation of the Emperor in Moscow. His own daughter's wedding in Berlin is iLxed for the 30th of September, the birthday of her mother, the Princess of Prussia. The Princess Louisa is about to leave Coblentz for Aix-la-Chapelle, where she is to take the benefit of the waters; and her mother, after leaving her there, -will proceed to Baden-Baden in the month of June for the same purpose. Prince Frederick Wilhelm will repair to London in the second half of this month, so as to be present at our Court on the anniversary of our Queen's birthday. The Empress of Russia is expected to arrive here about the 20th inst., and will be accompanied hither by one of the late Emperor's most valued servants and friends, Baron von Meyendorff, formerly Russian Minister at this Court, and subsequently in Vienna. The choice of the mineral spring that the Empress will resort to is not yet fixed, and mill depend upon the result of a consultation of physicians to be held here. Dr. Mandt, who has left Russia so comparatively precipitately, and whose system of medicine seems likely to fall into discredit there, seems to evince no disinclination to consult with his brethren of the faculty here, howvever he may have done so in Russia; on the contrarv, he is most assiduous in his intercourse with the most renowned medical men of this place, and seems to be commissioned to await the Empress mothers arrival here. The spring exercises of the Guards here are likely to have a more numerous and distinguished body of foreign visitors this year than usual; one of the most remarkable of these visitors will be the FieldMarshal Prince Windischgratz, who, it is understood, has a formal commission from the Emperor to represent Austria on the occasion. Probably the number of continental officers may be somewhat swollen by more of oiur own this time than usually frequent these exhibitions, now that more interest is excited for tactics and military organization. Auitumn manoeivres are however more instructive, as far as the assemblage of large masses of troops is concerned, and as they are not held in the vicinity of Berlin there is always a chance of the field being in some degree visible, which in the neiglhbourhood of Berlin is almost impossible, for the clouds of fine sand completely shut out all view. What amount of visitors, civil and military, Russia is likely to contribute to the rest of the continent this summer may be inferred fron the number of pass- ports already issued in St. Petersburg-namely,' 40,000. All the accommodation that the steamboats plying between St. Petersburg and Stettin is already engaged up to the 1st of July. In the King's speech, at the closing of the late session, it was said of the law which the two chambers had passed for the regulation of the communes in the Rhenish provinces, that ithad "advancedthe subject" very much. This had reference to a recent bill that the G;overnment has succeeded in passing through the two Houses for cramping up the local organization of the Rhenish cones, which are accustomed to more freedom than the other six provinces are, into a sort of mediieval strait-waistcoat, and which has given rise to very animated but ineffectual opposition on the part of the Rhenish Deputies. Count Furstenberg Starumheim, one of the richest and noblest of the Prussian nobility, whose estates are on the Rhine, was easily induced, by a most influential and high personage, to return to Berlin for the purpose of heading a deputation of Rhenish Deputies, who desired to petition the King to withhold his Royal sanction from the said bill until the wishes and wants of that portion of the nation had been againlaidcbefore His Majesty. The King declined receiving the whole body of deputies, but admitted the Count and Herr von der Heydt, the brother of the Minister, to a lengthy conference on the subject, which ended in the billbeing referred again to the M1inistry for reconsideration, and it has already occupied more than one sitting of that body. Te energetic opposition offered by various Rhenish deputies to this measure has procured them many warm demonstrations of gratitude on the part of their constituents. The restrictive and repressive character of Prussian legislation shows itself nowhere so strongly as in the laws affecting banking; the all but monopoly accorded to the State bank, and the over-strict stipulations with regrard to private or joint-stock banking undertakings, have, in conosequence of the recoguiizedwant of extended banking accommodation, led to the establishment of banks, that bave sprung up like mushrooms in every little State adjoining Prussia with Prussian capital, and looking to Prussia-for their field of action and enterprise. An apparent conviction of the error of the course hitherto pursued has 'ed the Minister of Commerce of late extremely to extend the scope of the Royal Bank of Prussia, so that the Practical evil will be in a great degree diminished, though the vicious principles on which the relations of the Bankl to the State arebased remain firmer rooted than ever. a further measure of necessary extension of accommodation, the Minister made known his intention ,lately of establishing a bank in each of the eight provnces; there have, in consequence, been no less than 49 bank3ing associations formed for the purpose of obtaining the concessions of those eigrht banks. And, wsith all this fervid zeal on the subject of banking, it will probably be more than the remainder of this century before Prussia contains a single banlk on either the Scotch or the English princiDle, where private people can deposit their available cash and draw upon their funds by means of checks. Hardly one eman of business in a thousand can understand the practice when ex;plained, or in any way conceive how the public can intrust their money to private persons without interest and without security. So petty, perplexing, and pusillanimous ate the views and practices of commercial men here. The Bank of England reduced its rate of discount 1 per cent. hi the course of this week. g ITALY. ARDINAN IOTL ON THE PAPAL STATES. (FROM O0 OWNt CORRESPO.-MS-) TURIN, M,Y 8. The following is atranslationof the "verbalnote" presented by the Sardinian Plenipotentiaries to the, Ministers of France and England on the 27th of M,arch, 1856 - "At the moment when the glorious forces of the Western Powers tend to assure the benefits of peace to Europe the deplorable state of the provinces under the government of the Holy See, and, above all, of the Legations, calls for the special attention of the Governments of Her Britannic Majesty and of His Majesty the Emperor of the French. " The Legations have been ocoupied by Austrian troops since 1849. The state of sieg e and mrtial law have been in nigour since that time without interruption. The Pontifical Governrnent only exists in name, sinxoe above iti legates an AusErian General takes the title and exercises the functions of civil and military governor. Nothing evinces that this state of things wil terminate, since the' Pontifical Government is as convinced of its impotence I to preserve public order as in the first days of its restora. tion, and Austria ask-s for nothing better than to render her occupation pernanent. Here, then, are the facts which present theniselves,-a deplorable situation existing always in a country nobly peopled, and in which conservative elements abound; impotence of the legitimate sovereign to govern; a permanent danger of disorders and nachy in! Central Italy; extension of Austrian dominion inthe peninsula beyond what the treaties of 1815 had provided. " The Legations before the French revolution were under the high sovereignty of the Pope, but they enjoyed privileges and franchises which rendered them, at least in the intemal administration, almost independent. At the same time the clerical dominion excited even then so m;uch antipathy that the French army was received in 1796 with enthusasm. " Detached from the Holy See bythe Treaty of Tolentino, those provinces formed a part of the republic, afterwards of the kingdom of Italy, until 1814. The organizing genius of Napoleon changed their aspect as by enchantment. The French laws, institutions, and administration in a few years developed wealth and civilization. For this reason, in those provinces all the traditions, all the sympathies, are fixed on that period. The Government of Napoleon is the only one that survives in thememory, not only of enlightened classes, but of the people. His memory recalls an impartial justice, a strong administration, a state altogethber of prosperity, of riches, and of military greatness. "The Congless of Vienna hesitated a long time abont replacing the Legations under the government of the Pope. The statesmnen who sat there, although preoccupied with the thought of re-establishing the ancient order of things above every other, felt, nevertheless, that they were thus leaving a hotbed of disorders in the midst of Italy. The difficulty in the choice of a Sovereign to whom to give those provinces, and the ±ivalry which might be brought forth by their possession, made the balance preponderate in favour of the Pope; and Cardinal Gonsalvi obtained, but only after the Battle of Waterloo, this unex-pected concession. " The Pontifical Government, at its restoration, took no account of the progress of ideas and the profound changes that the French r6gimc had introduced in this part of its States. From this a struggle between the Government and the people was inevitable. The legations have been the prey of an agitation more or less secret, but which at any opportunity may break out into revolution. Three times Austria intervened with her armies to re-establish the auithority of the Pope, constantly repudiated by his subjects. " France replied on the second Austrian intervention by the occupation of Ancona, on the third by the taking of Rome. Every time France has found herself in pre- senre of such events she has felt the necessity of moderating this state of things, which is a scandal to Europe and an immense obstacle to the pacification of Italy. "' The 'Ilemorandum' of 1S31 proves the deplorable state of the country, and the necessity andurgencyof administrative reform. The diplomatic correspondence of Gaeta and Portici carries the impression of the same feeling. The reforms which Pius IS himself initiated in 1846 werethe fruit of his long sojourn at Imola, where he could judge with his owvn eyes of the effects of the deplorable rJginzc imposed on those provinces. " Unfortunately the counsels of the Powers and the good intentions of the Pope were destroyed by the obstacles which the clerical organization opposed to any species of innovation wvhatever. If there is one fact that is clear from the history of later years, it is the difficulty, or we should rather say the impossibility, of a reform by the Pontifical Government responding to the wants of the time and the reasonable desires of the people. "TheEmperor Napoleon fII.,withlthat true and firm coup dkeil which is his characteristic, has perfectly affirmed and clearly indicated in his letter to Colonel Ney the solution of this problem, ' Secularization and the Code Napoleon.' "But it is evident that the Court of Rome will combat to the last extremity, and -with all the means in its power, the execution of these two designs. It well knows how to accommodate itself by apparently accepting civil and even political reforms, sure of rendering them illusory in practice; but it also sees that secularization and the Codo Napoleon introduced into Rome itself, where the edifice of its temporal power has its foundations, would bare it to the roots, and cause it to fall by cutting away the principal support-' clerical privileges and canonical right. Nevertheless, if it cannot be hoped to introduce a true reform exactly in that centre where the union of the temporal authority with spiritual power is so interlaced that it is impossible to disconnect them without runnming the risk of destroying them, it mayat least berealizedinthose parts which show themselves less resigned to the clerical yoke, which is burning torch of turbulence and corruption, 'vhich furnishes a pretext for tas permanent occupation of the Austrians, excites diplomatic complications, and disturbs the balance of Europe. " We are of opinion that it is possible, but on the condition of separating, atleastadministratively, this part from the State of Rome. In such a manner an apostolic principality would be formed of the Legations, under the high do. minion of the Pope, but ruled by its own laws, having its own tribunals, finance, and army. We consider that renewing as much as possible the order of tho traditions of the Napoleonic kingdom will be sure to soon produce a considerable moral effect, and will be a great step towards reestablshing tranquillity among those populations. Without flattering ourselves that combinations of this nature can last for ever, we consider, however, that for a long time it would be sufficient for the end proposed to pacify those provinces, and glvo satisfaction to the wants of the people, and thereby assure the temporal government of the Holy See without the aid of a permanent foreign oc-. cupation. " We will indicate briefly the essential points of the proiect, and the means of giving them effect:- " '1. The provinces of the Roman State situate between the Po, the Adriatic, and the Appenines (from the province of Ancona to that of Ferrara), although remaining subject to the high dominion of the Holy See, shall be completely secularized and organized as regards administrative, judicial, military, and financial matters, in such a way as to be separate from the remainder of the State. Nevertheless the diplomatic and relieious relations will remain exclusively the concern of the Court of Rome. "'2. The territorial and administrative organization of this Principality to be established in the form in which it was under the reign of Napoleon I. until 1814. The Code Napoleon to be promulgated, except the necessary mrodifications in the titles regarding the relations between Church and State. " ' 3. A lay Pontifical Vicar to govern these provinces, with Ministers and a Council of State. The position of the Vicar named by the Pope to be guaranteed for 10 years at least. The IMinisters, the Councillors of State, and all the Government officers to be named by the Pontifical Vicar. Their legislative and executive powers never should extend to religious matters, nor to-mnxed matters that may be previously determined, nor, in fine, to whatever regards political international relations. " ' 4. These provinces to contribute a fair proportion to the maintenance of the Court of Bome and to the service of the public debt actually existing. ' ' 5. An indigenous army to be organized immediately by means of the military conscription. " '6. Besides the communal and provincial councils, a general council to be formed for the examination and regulation of accounts.' "Now, if the means of executionare considered, they will be found not to present so many difficulties as at first might be supposed. In the first place, the idea of an administrative separation of the Legations is not new at Rome. It was proposed several times by diplomatists, and even advocated by some members of the Sacred College, though in terms more restricted than those necessary to make it a serious and durable work. " The irrevocable will of the Powers andtheirdetermination to put an end without delay to the foreign occupation will be two motives that will determine the Court of Rome to accept this plan, which in the main respects its temporal power, and leaves intact the actual organization of the centre and the greater part of its States But, once admitted as a principle, it will be necessary that the execution of the project should be confided to a high commissioner named by the Powers, since it is most clear that if this task should be left to thePontifical Govern: ment it would find in its traditional government the means of falsifying entirely the new institutions. Now, it cannot be concealed that should the foreign occupation cease without these reforms being franilyd executed, and 'withouat a publi force being establshed, there would be every reason to fear a renewal of seditions, quickly followed by the return of the Austrian army. Such an event would be the more deplorable, inasmuch as the effects would seem to condemn beforehand every attempt at improvement. it is therefore only on the conditions above enunciated that we consider the cessation of foreign occupation possible which might be effected in this way:- "The Pontifical Govermment has actaaUy two regime'ts of Swiss and two of natives, altogether about S,CO men. These soldiers are sufficient to maintain order at B.ome and in the provinces not comprelu?Aded in the administrative division zibove-mentioned. The new indigenous troops, orgauized by means of the conscription in the secularized provinces, woldd insure tranquillity there. The French might le1voQ Roug and the Austriani the Legations. veitheless, the French troops returning by land to their own country might, in passing, halt temporarily in the detached provinces. They should remain for a timenreviously agreed upon, and strictly necessary for the formation of the new indigenous troops, Whichshould be organized with their assistance." Tn tae Senate to-day Count Cavour annoincedthe retiremenit of Cavaliere Cibrario from tne Ministry for Foreign Affairs, and his own nomination thereto temporarily. CaValiere1fassimo d'Azeglio declared his intention of proposing to the Senate a motion regarding the conduct of the Government in the present difficulties of the East and of Italy. He therefore requested the Minister to name a day, and, Count Castagnetto having also stated his intention of addressing some questions to Government respecting the conferences, Count Cavour replied that a vote of the Senate in approval of the foreign policy of the Government could not but be grateful to the Ministry, and he would be prepared to give every explanation in his power on the 10th inst., by which time the Senators would have had an oppoltunity of examining the documents which he wvould place in the Secretariate. NAPLES, MAY 5. At the present moment, when the attention of Europe is called in a more especial manner to the affairs of Italy, it would be a dereliction of duty were I to omit any fact which could lead to the formation of a sound opinion. I ampersuadedthat no amelioration of the present state of things will be originated here. To say nothing more, His MaJesty is blind to the necessity of change. It is only a short time shice that some members of the Royalist party urged uponithe King the prudence of entering on a new system of government. "Our counses were of no avail, and as a last resource we sent to him the Cardinal-Archbishop. 'Majesty,' said the Cardinal, 'your people are discontented.' ' On the contrary, they are most satisfied.' The Cardinal insisted on his statement, when the Ring observel, 'Send those to mie who undermine me (che io le aacom/iaro), and I will put them in order.' " I repeat, therefore, that the Kin-'s convictions wil not lead him to initiate any changes. Nor is it probable that good counsels will produce any effect on the Royal mind, which is impatient of advice. " Your duty is to obey" is a phrase which well explains the opinion which is enteltained of the position of a M,1inister, and the consequence is that scarcely a man of raik, intellect, or independence is at present in the service of the King. All such men have retired, for they will not consent to wear the Royal livery, and merely counter-sign the Royal acts. as to the wisdom whsich distinguishes the acts of the Government, the corn question down Ito the publication of the last decree is a sufflcient proof. There is no margin for England, but a slight one for France; and scarcely any, if any, nev. purchases wil be made. A British merchant had received orders to ship off his old stores purcased. last autumn; counter-orders were, however, telegraphed, showing that it is better to wait than incur so great a positive loss. The following fact is another proof of the same ruinous commercial policy :-The export duty on oil is about 101. the ton; the consequence is, that, from last December to the present moment (reckoning those en route), 30 vessels have been sent to Gallipoli, the great oil port of the Two Sicilies, to take iu empty oil casks. They have a united tonnage of 3,600 tons, and will have taken up 10,000 casks-these are taken to the lonian Islands to be tilled with oil. Mad only one-half of the duty been reduced, said an eminent oil merchant, the revenue would have profited to the amount of 80,000 ducats, whereas the oil countries have lost several hundredthousand ducats ! I understaud that the King has withdrawn from Baron de Riseis the concession for forming a railway from Naples to Ceprano, on the Roman frontier. Baron Adolphe Rothschild had put himself in communication with De Riseis, and had become a director together with other men of standing, when the Royal will was announced to De RPiseis and to Rothschild, at the French Miaister's ball, that the Government would undertake it. The communication, therefore, between the north and souith may be hastened or retarded at the will of the Sovereign. Bow can any enterprise flourish here? I have information of the political p)risoners at MIontesarchio on which you may depend. They will rather die than accepts their liberty on conditions which would compromise their innocence or honour; meanwhile some are in the hospital, some-Poerio, among others-are suffering from pains in the chest, in the joints, and in the whole of their bodies from the excessive damp of the place. The huamidity is such that salt almost liquefies, and their bread becomes green. From these proofs of blindness, obstinacy, incapacity, and cruelty I turn to a circunmstance of avery different kind, reflecting much credit'on Cardinal Carafa, the MSinister for Foreign Affairs, and the British Consul, Captain Gallwey, R.N. T3 1854 two British subjects, dying of cholera at Castellamare, were buried in a neglected spot. The consul applied to the municipal authorities on the subject, but was treated with insult. The application was then made to the Sott Intendente and Carafa, by wvhose orders not only has that spot beeit enclosed, but a considerable piece has been added, and, having been surrounded by a handsome wall at the expense of the municipality, has been dedicated to the burial of Protestants dying of cholera or any contagious disease. On the application, too, of Captain Gallwey, a duplicate key has been placed in the hands of the vice-consul resident in Castellamare. This little transaction, reflecting credit on all parties, has just been completed.
COURT CIRCULAR. OSBORNE, MLAY 12. Her Majesty, his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, Prince Alfred, the Princess Royal, and Princess Alice attended Whippingham parish church yesterday morning, where the service was performed by the Rev. G. Prothero. Her Royal Highness the Dachess of Rent went to Frogmore yesterday morning, attended by lady Anna Maria Dawson, Baroness de Spaeth, and Colonel Stephens. Her Royal Highness returned to her residence Clarence House, St. Jameses, in the afternoon. Despatches from the British lEnister at the Court of Turin were received yesterday at the Foreign-office. Despatches from the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope were received yesterday at the Colonial-office.
UJIVEBSITY INTELLMENCE. OXFORD, Y 12. 'lhe Fegius 'rofessor ot Greek jdlr. jowett) will resume his lectures on the Republic of Plato on Friday, May 16; the lecture on the Trachiniwe of Sophocles on Tnesday, .Way 20. The Trustees of the Eldon Testimonial request the rnembers of the iniversity of Oxford to take notice, that the tenth election of an Eldon Scholar wxill take place on Saturclay, the 7th day of June nest * prenious to which dag all applications must he left at the olSice of the Secretr, sealed llp, and endorsed " Eldon Scholarship, Candidate's Axpplication," and wvith the candidate's name also endorsedL Theo forms of certiicates and declaration required, together -with the rles and regulstions relative to such election, are deposited with the Senior Tutor of each College and Hall, and with the Registrar of the University.-
ANoTHEr. DiRxxG HorEL RomnBy.-Ir the early part of Wednesday evening a stranger drove up to the Turk's Head Hotel, Newcastle, in a cab, but without any luggage with him, and, on going into the coffee-room, ordered .glass of brandy, and next asked the waiter in a familiarmanner, as if he bad known the house well, if there were any letters for him. The waiter, not knowing 'he gentleman, inquired his name, when he gave one, bat it was of so uncomon a nature, and so difficult of pronnnciation, as to prevent the waiter remembering it. The wSiter, however, informed himthat there were no letters. Afterwards the gentleman had tea, and finally was slown to bedroom No. 26 to sleep for the night. He left early in the morning. Soon after 5 o'clock a coanmercial traveller, occupying bedroom No. 24, on the flat beneath, on rising was surprised at missing his gold waWtch, which previous to 6oing to> bed he had put under his pillow, and also on finding hsis trouser3 lyingT on the IloorE with some silver and copper scattered aboat. At first be deemedl that sosne one tad entered his room in a "lhark," but he soon disovered that he had been robed. iFortunately, he had wrapped his purse, with its contents in his shirt, and this he found untouched. In a short time after another gentleman, a :ative of Spain,,who occupied bedroom 2No. 30, discovered that his room must have been entered, as the sum of S:. had been taken away; and it was next ascertained, from the door bingee having been injured, that an attempt bad been mab3 to enter bedroom No. 33, but the occupant, having bolttdas well as lockled the door, ha prevented any one from entering. This wa& a fortunxte circumstance, as the ocoepant had left his portmanteau opan, containing a cot eeale sum of money. It appears that neikher of thc~ gaeikmen whase xooms had been entered had been dist3bbed, and the room doors in the morninL were lock-ed, and presented no marks of violence. The case. resembles thAt reported a few week;s ago, in which two Americas hd carried on a system of plunder at hote7s in RanchwUz and elsewhere, and -where it was shown. that by means of pliers of a peculiar description which wera found in connexion with those robberies the key in a doar coulLd be easily turned, the door opened, and agpsn lockod. leaving it apparently in the same state as beFore-fVctfcW e General t ae ,o,. Charles Grey, bearer of that autograph letter from 1cr MajestY to the Einperor Alex. ander, accompanied by his aide-de-Osop Captain FletQber, Scots rusileer Guards, left L90nistf YeStCZdey eVeIng cis routs to S3t, l'ectrslurg.
PRUSSIA AND RUSSIA. (Io3M ourt Owx CORnESpoqDENT.) BERMIN, MAY G. Amongr the business wfhich this Government has managed to leave undone at the end of the session which has just closed is a motion brought in by a member of the left side to the effect that- "The House will resolve to express to His MajesWs Government its expectations that they will take steps to procure adequate redress of the many just complaints made, more particularly by the Eastern provinces on the frontier, of the pressure of tlle Russian fiscal prohibitive system and the Russian frontier exclusive system, and in this respect bring about, with some security for its duration, a state of things which shall not, like the present, stand in flagrant opposition 'o existing treaties and the requirements of the traffle between the two couwtries." This motion, in conformity with the routine of business in the two Houses of the Prussian Diet, vas xeferred to a committee for preliminary discussion, ,and the said committee published its report on the -2Sth of April, w ith the full knowledge that the session would be at an end at the beginning of Mlay; at the same timeit is not wonderful that the Government should be anxious to preclude the representatives of the country from an opportunity of uttering their sentiments authoritatively oni a subject on which every educated Prussian beyond the pale of the philo-Russian party feels so bitterly. At the -time of the motion being introduced 1 forwarded you an historical sketch of the treaties to -which reference is made in the ternis of the motion, and pointed out their repeated infraction by Russia, with the consequent injury to this country. The report of this comnittee on the subject induces me to retirn to it ag'ain, as, in spite of the committee being composed of a majority of members of the Richt side, and of the report itself being drawn- up by err Wagner, the ei-derant editor of the Kreuz Zeiling, I find my statements made on that occasion ..substantiated and enforced; the evidence of this report will also have nulusual weight, as being for the most part unwilling evidence. For the purpose of disarming any opposition which the majority of the committee might feel to the motion in their zeal for the Prussian Mlinistry or the Prustsian Ionarch, the mover professes to be actuated .solely by motives of commercial economy, and disclaims all idea of censuring the present Government for the state of things as it is. The following is a synopsis of what the committee so constituted states as the result of its inquiries: -The Russian territory coterminous with the Prussian frontier, and which it is consequtently preeminently essential to Prussia to be able to traffic with, consists of the present kingdom of Poland (alotted to Russia at the Congress of Vienna) and the provinces that she had already acquired previous to that time in the various spoiations of Poland (Lithuania, Volhynia, Podolia, and the Ukraine). 'Ihese latter provinces, which were incorporated into the Russian empire at the commencement of this century, are called "the old Polish provinces." The Plussian territory adjoining to these Russo-Polish provinces was a]so for the most part originally Polish, viz., Posen, and portions of East and West Prussia. The fiscal relations of all these parts of the fosnier Polish territory were made the subject of a treaty concluded between Russia and Piussia (as well as Austria, l ho also had a skare of Poland, vi7., Callicia and Cracow), May 3, 1815, and annexed to the Final Act of the Congress of Vienna. According to this treaty the pr inciples that were in future to regulate the commescial intercourse of all these parts of former Polard were the fiurtherance of commerce and manufactures, removal of obstructions to the frontier intercourse of the subjects of the respective States, the imposition of slight burdens on transit traffic, and the levy of such navigation tols solely as should be requisite for the maintenance of the banlks and streams: it was further laid down absolutely, thatthe customs levied on the import and export of articles from all these quondam Polish provinces should not exce'ed 10 per cent. of the value of the goods at the place of production. Such were the general principles agreed to; but, while the practical details of this treaty of 1815 were being elaborated at Warsaw, Russia, without consulting the other Powers, issued for the whole em- pire a new; tariff', founded on the strictest prohibitive systenm, inMIareb, 1816S. As the old Polish provinces of Russia wrere included in this newv prohibitive tariff they were of necessity withdrawn from the oIeration of the liberal principles of the treaty of 1815, and the Russian Government refused to ratify the arrangement its agents had made in Warsaw. This was Russia'sfirst violation of treaty in this matter. The expostl ations and representations of the Piussian Government led to negotiations being renewed on the old basis, which resulted in the amcte ajditionnel of December, 1818. This settled-1. That the idea of the quondam Polish provinces, Russian, Prussian, and Austrian, forming afiscal individuality, as guaranteed by the Vienna treaty of 1815, was set aside, and that the new arrangements should extend to the entire Russian and Prussian territories. 2. Prussia was to retain the moderate transit duties she had agreed to 'under the former intended arrangement. 3. Both parties renounced all right to prohibit the import or export of any articles on the Prusso-Polish frontier, and Russia was to give up the tariff of 1816. Russia undertook (4) not to levy more than a fixed 2m-,*nimm of duty on certainPrussian products, such a, leather, linen, and -wool, either in Poland or the rest of Russia. This treaty came into force January 17 1820, and lasted so until March 24, 1822, when it vas entirely abrogated by a Russian ukase of that date, andRussia enacted a fresh prohibitive tariff for the whole of Russia and Poland. This was Russia's secotnd violation of treaty in this matter. Fresh expostulations and fresh negotiations brought about after three years a new treaty of cGn mnerce andcnavig,ation,to be valid for the term of nine years from Mlarch, 1825. This treaty stipulated, :-1. That the orfe addiiion7el of 1818 was to remain abrogated. 2. That the idea of a commercial and fiscal unity of Poland should remain in aleyance. 3. Prussia was to reduce her transit duties still further, in return for which Russia made some few inconsiderable concessions to PruLssian trade; but that which beguiled Prussia into agreeing to these hard and unjust terms was the stipulation (4), that at the determination of this 3nine years treaty the commercial relations of the two countries were to be regulated by the liberal principles laid down in the treaty of Vienna, 1815. This last treaty of 1825 expired in 1834, but the provisions of the Vienna treaty of 1815 were not permitted by the Russian Government to come into force. This was Russia's third violation of treaty in this matter. Fresh negotiations were set on foot in 1836, in wlhich Prussia, despairing of obtaining anytling from Russia in compliance with forner treaties, sought to obtain facilities for trade by means of mutual concessions. These negotiations were fruitless, and at lengath the Russian Government came forward with a proposed " arrangement propre a sers-ir de nourelle bawse pour les relatiows limiti-oplmes et comme-ciales des deux paigs." The arrangement here proposed, though not very promising, for the interests of Prussian trade, would doubtless not have been of any longer duration than its predecessors, even had it been accepted by the Prussian Government, seeing that a fresh Russian tariff was promulgate d almost imm ediately afterwvards, in which the duties on Prussian manufactiures and all articles imported from Prussia were still further raised. Since that period this Govermuent has renounced all hopes, or, at any rate, all attempts at prevailing' on Russia to return to the stipulations of any o the treaties she has subscribed and violated, or to ridopt more liberal fiscal views in her own interest. The Russian Government, however, subsequently vouch safed some "concessions d/finitives aec'rdkes 2sar la Rtmssie a la Pnmse," in two uLkases of July and August, 1842. These "concessions" were represented in the two ukases as a voluntary act on the part of the Russian Emperor, without his expecting them to be met by any counter-concession. Prussia accepted them under the express protest and reservation, however, that the provisions of the Vienna treaty should be in no way prejudiced tlhereby. The concessions consisted of the erection of two fresh douanes on the Russo-Prussian frontier, the appointment of three additional spots where the frontier might be passed,Tpermission to the Prussian frontier population to cross the frontier without payment of fees on their providing themselves with y,ussian passports, good for three days, and wilingmess to arrange with the Prussian Government for opening fresh markets on the Russian side of the fxonter. The inport of amber was to be ; I I i i I permitted, but rawr sugar, rumu, arrack, French brandy, and Turkilsh and Cashmere shawls, were still prohibited. Prussian ships w7ere to be admitted to, .ktusasan harbours on the same footing as the national flag. As regards Poland there was the same extension of facilities for the levying of the Russian customs on imported goods, the number of places at which it was permissible to cross the frontier was increased, the taxation of frontier intercourse according to the last regulations of 1838 was to be diminished, and the tolls on iniand navigation were to be repealed. These concessions deyinitives of 1842 were to come into force at the beginning of the following year; they were, however, not yet entirely in force, and correspondence and negotiations were still going on for their complete introduction, when the Russian Govermnent conceived a fresh plan, which struck at the root not only of the concessions definitives and the previous treaties, but also of the fundamental principles of the treaty of Vienna, 1815. The plan consisted of the abrogation of the distinction that had been hitherto always observed in Customs' matters bets-een the kingdom of Poland and the empire of Russia; the fiscal line of demarcation was to be obliterated, and Poland was to be fiscally incorporated into Russia, and brought under the operation of the virtually prohibitive Russian tariff. This plan was carried out January 1, ]851. This was Russia's fourth breach, not only of treaty, but alzo of her own Co7cessions d.finitives Since 1851 the comniercial relations of Russia and Prussia have experienced no change; the slight alterations that Russia made in her tariff in 1854 on her land-frontier for the purpose of meeting the enhanced prices of colonial and other produce that is not raised in Prussia conferred no benefit on either party, and they will probably not long survive the state of war which called them into being. It is not necessary for us to follow the report through all the data of duties and percentages, nor the appendix to it, containing much further information on the subject from the pen of the maker of the motion, and revealing many particulars of the grievously oppressive and ruinous system that still e.xists in the commercial intercourse of the two nations. As it stands above it is the unwilling evidence of several well-infor-med but Russianly-disposed Prussians as to the manner in which Russia has treated her weaker neighbour in this most vital affi-ir of commercial intercoiurse ever since 1815. MAY 7. In my yesterday's letter I gave you a rtrsuni of the contents of a report lately draw n iip by a committee of the House of Deputies here, in so far as it contained an enumeration of the various commercial treaties that Russia has concluded with Prussia between 1815 and 1851, and all of which Russia has perfectly arbitrarily broken as soon as it suited her purpose, without any previous notice or subsequent indemnification to the other party to the treaties. From the circumstances mentioned yesterday as regards the constitution of the committee, and also that the committee was attended and assisted by three commissaries of the Government (from the Mlinistry of Foreign Affairs, of Trade and Commerce, and from Finances), and from the fact that this statement of the past commercial history of the two nations is frequently to be found in print and to be met with in conversation, it must be concluded that the facts are true, generally known to the educated classes, adopted as correct by the Government, and admitted to be undeniable even by the whole Russian party here. W7hether the statement be correct or not, it is received as such by allPrussians in any degree acquainted with politics and commerce. The misery and want that prevail along the wvhole Prussian frontier conternanous with that of Russia and Poland are clearly and unmistakeably traceable to that virtual prohibition of mutual traffic which has been brought about by the fiscal measures adopted by Russia in such ill-faith towards her neighbour. In connexion with the unwarlike course pursued by Prussia in the late war, it is worth while to observe that she showed as little inclination to take up arms against Russia when the latter's palpable and flagrant breach of treaties injnred hercommercial interests most grievously, and the result of which has been that Silesia and great part of East and Wlest Prussia are reduced permanently to the state in which Ireland languished up to 1840. It will be admitted at once, without hesitation, by every onethat these interests, thus injtuiously affected, touched Prussia much more nearly than the question of the integrity of Turkey, and that the breach of these treaties, unconcealed and unveiled by Russia, offered much more of a casus belli for Prussia than any passage of the Pruth or of the Danube. The reason of Prussia not going to war wvith Russia for the protection of Turkeyisthe same thlat withheld her from going to war for the defence of her own injured vital interests-viz., the conviction on the part of her rulers that she can2ot carry on a war with Russia without almost ruin to herself, e-ven if Russia were to be totally and everywhere defeated; that she cannot even afford to live in a state of asmed peace with her neighbour; and that, therefore, where nothing could possibly be gained by active or passive war with Russia it would have been glievous foly to make the state of international intercourse worse than it was already. This total disability for war with Russia arises from causes of still earlier exist-. ence than the overbearing, reckless ill-faith of Russia-they are geographical situation, conformation of territory, insufficient financial resources, and the peculiar mili'tary institutions of Prussia. So thoroughly penetrated are well-informed Prussians with the conviction of the total incapacity of Prussia to go towarwithRussia, except under very altered circumstances from the present, that there is no word to be found in any Prussian despatch, or expressed by any Prussian representative at the rienna Conferences that in any degree favours the idea that Prussia would go to war with Russia for the integrity of Turkey. That our countrymen should have indulged the hope and expectation that Prussia would take part in this war, and have felt indignant disappointment at not seeing those expectations fllfilled, is not the fault of this Government or of your correspondent here. As early as January, 1854, I began pointing out the small interest Prussia had in the question, the too great sacrifice it would cost her to take part in the war, and the insufficiency of her resources, and I have kept to that text tolerably steadily ever since. The same causes that prevented her taking a more warlike part in the last war will equally operate in restricting her to non-nilitary demonstrationsin any future one that may possibly break out in Europe this century; within this space of time it is hardly probable that, in the absence of any great revolutions, the preseAt existing circumstances will so far have changed as to make a bolder course feasible for her. For the preservation of order at home, or the maintenance of high police in the petty States of Germany (as in the case of the insurrections in Saxony and Baden), the present power of Prussia suffices; for her own defence against an invasion on the part of any one of her neighbours (Russia, Austria, France) it also suffices, though hardly so against a combination of any two of them. For an aggressive war she is totally unfit and incapable, unles1s the cause be one in -which the whole spirit of the people be np, and, consequently, all the sacrifices bb borne wllngly. to supposed weaknesses or defects of character in the present ruler of Prussia have contributed to the part this country played in the late war; nor would any attlibutes, however bril- liant, possessed by any imaginary successor on the throne avail to alter the future course of Prussia inthis respect as long asthe above-cited circumstances exist. Frederick the Great, if now on the throne, would have gone to war in the late complication just as little as did Frederick William IV. Everybody knows what Prussia did not do in the last w ar, and a good deal of virtuous indignation has, been expended in consequence, without much talding into consideration what call she had to do more, or the means for it; it would be fairer towards her if somebody would point out at large the circum- stances that deprive her of the power to do otherwise, and to enumerate what, in spite of those circumstances, she did do. The first would far exceed the limits of thisletter, but the second admits of being stated tolerably briefly. In the summer of 1853 the King, while he was at R ugen, declined the invitation of the Emperor Nicholas to give him the meeting on their common frontier, it being evident that this was but preparatory to the offer of a treaty of alliance. He did the same by the invitation to Olmiitz, whither the Emperor Nicholas proceeded to confer with the Em- peror Franz Joseph, September, 1853, but sent the Prince of Prussia in his stead. At the Emperofs most pressing and urgent request, however, he repaired to Warsaw and met botn Nicholas and Franz Joseph there on the 3d~ of October, but he, neverthele",-ref used- to sign a treaty of neutrality and alliance that 'the Emperor urged on! him; and in- tis -.he -was subsequently supported by his Minister, -von nmaiteuffel, when: the Emperor returned to Sins Souci with the King, bringing the treaty ready drawn up with him. The Minister refused under any circumstances to countersign it. On the 13th of October the Cabinet of Vienna declared in its circular despatch that its policy was and wouild remain that of strict neutrality, and as a practical proof of its sincerity decreed a reduction of the army. Prussia did neither the one nor the other. On the 3d of November Austria endeavoured to prevail on Prussia to join with her in a declaration of neutrality at the Bundestag in Franikfort; Prussia declined. In his speech at the opening of the Prussian Chambers, on the 28th of November, Baron Manteuffel declared-.. "His Majestys overn-ent will, of that you may bh assured, gentlemen, in every step it may feel itsee called upon to take in this matter, assume the interests of the country, which are iniseparable from those of the Crown, as the sole guide and criterion of its endeavours and actions."- The Austrian. Government again proposed to Prussia a treaty of alliance and neutrality at the hands of Herr von Prokesch - Osten in j January, 1854, and the proposal was again re- ijected. At the end of the same month Russia called upon this country again to enter into a triple alliance of neutrality with her and Austria (this was at the time of Count Orloff's mission to Vienna), and Prassia again declined, on the ground of the' obligations she had already entered into in the various protocols she had signed with the otler three Powers. Prassiabacked the Ultimusturn of the Western Powers in St. Petersburg, by a verystrong despatch to her Minister there, onthe 3d of March; and, even previously to the declaration of war between the Western Powers and Russia, applied to the Chambers for a loan to put the army on war footing. In April Prussia and Austria concluded a treaty of alliance, mutually guaranteeing each other's non-federal territories, and agreeing to consider the incorporation of the Danubian Princit palities or the passage of the Balkan by Russia as a casus W.Udi. Subsequently Prussia undertook to assist Austria if her troops should be attacked while in the occupation of the Principalities. Prussia continued tojoin in allthe protocols of the FourPowers at the Conferences of Vienna until she was excluded from them by an Austrian intrigue in the beginning of August. The tenour of those protocols showed that Prussia declared Russia to be in the wrong in attacking Turkey, and the Western Powers to be in the right in assisting Turkey to resist her; though, like Austria, refraining from war against Russia, she was a moral participator in the struggle of the Western Powers with her. The two Nesselrode despatches, September 7, 1853, containing the Russian glosses upon the Vienna note, which the Four Powers were m vain striving to compel Turkey to accept, were published in Prussia; and from them Europe learnt what an -egregious blunder her rulers were striving to commit in opposition to the better sense of the Turks. During the war, and while Prussia has been excluded from the community of the Four Powers, she has helped us with pilots in the Baltic, has sold us coals there without asking whetlher they would be considered by Russia as contraband of war, has supplied us with powder and arms, has forbidden the transit of arms from Belgium, which was Russia's chief market, has given our officers access to her ordnance wharfs and arsenals for the study of gunmetal, &-c.; in short, it would hardly be an exaggeration to say that Prussia, instead of playing into the hands of Russia during the war, as has so often beer, said of her, has left nothing imdone to assist the cause of the WVestern Powers consistent with the military inactivity which is compulsory on her for every reason.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI-MES. Sir,-Sincethepresentvacationmay,withoutincon. venience, afford more space in your columns than it would be justifiable in me to occupy otherwise, I venture to send you a few remarks for the edification of those who may be led away by the sophistry of xlr. Bowyer's instructors. The difference between Liguori and Busenbaum the Jesuit consists in this-the Bishop who adopted his doctrines only allows the Pope to declare that the law of nature (i. e. any law absolutely and solely of God) does not bind; while Busenbaum says boldly, the Pope can dispense with the laws of God, just as a Bishop, whom the Pope delegates, can with the laws of the church. Busenbaum says there must be a jutst eazse, or, at least, the Pope must bondfide think thereis. Liguori nmakes the whole turn on expediency, and says, in so many words, that he might give a man (a Cardinal, for example,) a iozo obligatur from keeping a mist ^ess but for its involving all sorts, omninlodurn, of impropriety and inexpediency. So the Pope could not give a general delivery from keeping oaths to the Roman Catholic peers; but he, or any pars i4 pshis CopoWis, can declare that propter ra2ietatem huwmanarun rerum the law of truth does not bind a Roman Catholic M.P. in the present state of affairs, provided his lying does not involve indecenitiam, detection, and obserrantia lna'cepti nO. erpeo'iat. The Papal dispensing power is of two sorts, ordinaryand delegate. Potestas dispensandi, alia est ordi- 9aria, alia estdelegata. (Lig. b. 1, Tract. De Legibus, E c.4, 188.) All dispensations made without just cause are invalid, even in the case of oaths and vows, unless made in mistake. Busenbaum says, " Pontifex, sine justa causa non potest dispensare in lege Dei, nec episcopus in lege ecclesimu. Dispensatio in voto vel juramento sine justa causl, etiani a papa facta, est invalida; valida autem est si superior per errorem justam causam arbitretur." . (lb. 180.) This sentence Liguori makes his own by taking it for a sequitu. to what he hadbeen saying. The Pope, by the ordinary power, can only dispense with the laws of the church, and not withl thlose of God or of olur Lord himself. " Summus Pontifex potestate ordinaria non potest dispensare in legibus traditis ab apostolis quas illi acceperant 'a Christo Domino tanquam auctore principali.- (lb. 188.) The Pope, howvever, by slpecia concession-that is, by the power delegated to him as Vicar of God, and having power similar to that of God himself legislativ6, cannot dispense from the observance of a divine law universally-int i&niversumn-but only in particular cases where the permitted transgression of the divine law would involve no scandal, and the indecency of the dispensation (e. g., to do an immoral act) would not preponderate over expediency or any reason. This point is brought up in Licuori in the question of unlawful marriages. "An lapa potest dispensare in jure divino, quod ex solo arbitrio divino derivat ?. Triplex est sententia." The first, which "affirmat generice," and gives the Pope power to excuse from sin in every species of transgression, is reiected. The second, which is held by Sanchez the great Jesuit, by Melchior Cano the great Dominican, and by many others, and for which Liguori has not one word of reprobation, is, " Papam non posse dispensare in universium jus divinum, sed tantium in aliquo casu particolari in quo non expediat observantia proecepti." (Lib. vi., Tract 6, cap. 3. 1,119.) For which reason a dispensation for keeping a mistress is beyond the Papal power, because it would never be ex;pedient. c lnde mnfertur papam nullo casu posse dispeusare in praecepto non fornicandi, quia transgres3io in hoc continet omuniodum indecentianm, quw preponderat cuicumique cae." The third sententtia, more general and more probable than either of the others, is, that the Pope Gan never dispense with the laws of nature, or others absoluto jure divino, but can only declare. that ;in such or such a case the said laws are-not binding :-"Posse pontificem in aliquo casu non dispensare, sed declarare quod -us divinum non obligat ?" (v.. 6, 3 ib.); and this Ligori holds to be a highly probable, and, consequently, amore thar safe opinion; and he declares such a power of nullifying the obligation of all divine laws, cnecessaria propter humanarurm rerum varietatem," and that God would not have done His duty if the Pope had been left, such a trumpery vicar as he would hare been without it ; "alias Deus bono rec4mjni ecclesiae non satis providis3et." Verily blasphemy is written on his forehead! I am, Sir, your obedient servant. xLr?INI?x DIWXBIO?M. , Albury-plrk, Say fl2.
-E2~ERAL : - - RUSSrSMEir6TRB WV.' - RUSSIA. Tho-. Mfemoirs of General Manstein, a corrected English' translition of which has just been' republished, with notes, byagentlemaan whose nomdi phlme will-be familiar to our readers, may be de. kcribed in general terms as annals of the Russian empire during its volcanic period. Commencing with the death of Catherine, the widow of Peter the Great, they suddenly terminate with the san -ary expulsion of the French Ambassador, the Marquis de la Chetardie, in the reign of the Empress aEiza-' beth, who had been placed upon the throne mainlyin consequence of his intrigues. They disclose a series ofI internal cOnvulsions-comparable only to those of the Lower Roman Empire, and also contain a detailed account of the campaigns in which the Crimea and Finland were first conquered by the Russian arms. The author took part in all these, serving as the aide-de-camp of Marshal MIunich inthe former, and commanding a brigade of the army of Marshal Lacy in the latter. After the revolution by whiclE;&the Emprems Elizabeth succeeded in expelling herniece from. the regency, Manstein, who belonged to the party of the latter, fell into disfavour at Court, ad soon afterwards relinquished the iRussian service for that of Prussia, in wvhich he highly distinguished himself. Oa the conclusion of the Peace of -Dresden he settled at Potsdam, where he enjoyed the high favour of iFrederick, -who made him his own aide-de-camp and a major-general in his army. It was while resident here that he began to' write his Memoirs; but they were interrupted by the campaign of 1757, in which he took part, comnmanding the rig,ht wig of the army, under General Schwerin, at the battle of Prague. From this campaign ho never returned, being cut off by a body of Croats and Austrian Hussars, on his way to Dresden with some other wounded oilicers, under an insufficient escort. His Memoirs, originally written in the French language, appear to have been at first handed about in manuscript; but in the year 1769 they were sent, for publication in London, to Hume, the celebrated historian, by Keith, the Earl Marshal of Scotland, who, having been attainted for participation in the' rebellion of 1715, toork refuge in Prussia, where he remained through life the confidential friend of Frederick, and vas made by hnn Governor of Neufohatel. Hume put the manuscript into the hands of a bookseller, who published an extremely bad English translation in 1770. This did not excite much attention in England, where continental politics at the time possessed little interest for the I mass of the people. But abroad it was far otherwise. The revelations of the interior of the Russian Court which the book contained caused it to be translated at once into German; and the next year an edition of the orig,inal French was published at Ansterdam, containing some passages which had either never existed in the copy sent by K:eith to Hume, or had been struck out by the English. publishers. It is from this edition that the translation has been correctedby " A Hertfordshire Incumbent," who has pointed out the additions, and added a fewr notes, historical and geographical, to illustrate the course of the narrative. Manstein's personal acquaintance with the Court of Russia conimenced with the year 173G ; but he introduces the subject by an account of the intrigues which began in 1727 with the accession to the tlhrone of Peter HI., a. minor of 11 years and a-half old. Menschikoff, who from the obscurest rank of life had been raised by Peter I. to the first posts of the empire, and after the death of that Prince had maintained his ascendancy over Catherine, immediately after the death of the latter removed the young Emperor into his Ow" palace, and allowed no one to have access to him without his leave. He had persuaded Catherine to make it an article of her will that the young Emperor should espousehis daughter, and he designed to marry his son to the GrandDuchessNatalia,the Emperor's sister, making sure that by this means he should succeed in transmittin the throne of Russia to his posterity. But the Dolgoroukis and Lapouchins, soon contrived to countermine a man whose violent and coarse disposition was not likely to allow him to retain nfuence with a boy of 12 years old, as soon as ever the motive of actual fear ceased to operate. The Dolgorouki family, especially Prince Iwan, a young man to whom the E3mperor took a great fancy, contrived to elicit the latent dislike of the young Prince for his guardian, and before the year was oat Menschikoff was on his 'way to Siberia, where he died a couple of years afterwards. The circumstances wlich immediately led to this result exhibit a curious picture of boyish rebellion. The young Emperor had received a present of 9,000 ducats from the Guild of Iasons on some special occasion, and, "Having a mind to make his sister the compliment of a present, sent her that sumn by one of his gentlemen, who. being met on his way by Alenschikoff, was ask-ed byhim where he was going with that money. The gentleman told hina The other replied, ' The Emperor is as yet too young to know how to dispose of money; carry it to my apartments. I will take an opportimity to speak to him of it.' The gentleman, who knew how dangerous it was to oppose Menschikoft; did not fail to obey him. The next day the Princess, sister of the Emperor, cane to pay him avisit, according to custom. She was no sooner in the room than lie asked her if the present he sent her yesterday was not worth thallks. The Princess naturally answering that she had received nothing, the Emperor flew into a great assion. The gentleman was called, and, being asked what haddone with the money, was obliged, in his own defence,tosaythntMenschikoffhadtaken-It fromhim. Bnt this only irritated the Emperor the more, who ordered Menschikoff to be sent for, and when he came demuanded of him in a great rage how he came to have the boldness to hinder his gentleman from executing his orders. The Prince, wvho was not used to hear the Emnperor speak to him in that tone, was perfectly thunderstruck." He offered, not only to retuan the money, but to add to it a million of roubles from his own purse; but this did not pacify the angry boy, who, once feeling his strength, was determined not to lose the advantage, and, stamping with his foot, said, " I will let you know that I am Emperor, and that I will be obeyed," and, turning his back on the dismayed favourite, left him. A reconciliation was patched up between the tvo, but it lasted only a few days. Menschikoff was deprived of his offices; but his wealth was immense, and his power too great to allow his ruin, even then, to be accomplished without treachery. He was induced to believe that his fortune would be left him, and that he would be permitted to spend the remainder of his days at Oranienburg, a pretty town on the frontiers of the Ukraine, which he had Iiimself built and partially fortified. He left St. Petersburg, not like a disgraced Minister, but with his whole family and a long train of domestics; bult on his arrival at T'wrer he found an order waiting for all his effects to be sealed. np and nothing left him beyond hare necessaries. When lie reached Oranienburg h lie foundwhole reams of complaints made against him for grievances, and these were soon followed by commissaries. whose instructions were to proceed forthwith to his triaL Exile to Berezova was the sentence; his family accompanied him thither, all but his wife, who, "grown blind with weeping, died by the way." Among his effects were found,in spite of many arbitrary fines which Peter I. had obliged him to pay, no less than 3,000,000 roubles, in jewels, plate, and ready money. His allowance in Siberia was " 10 roubles a-day, out of which he saved enough to build a church, at which lie himself worked, hatchet in hand." The poor young Emperor- was not destined to be more his own master. after the fall of his morose guardian than before. The Dolgoroukis exercised asclose a surrveilance over him i s Mensehikof had| -done, a-nd pursued as vile a system for the purposq of securing the aggrandizement of their own familyl The unfortunate. boy was little more than 14 when they introduced him, at a hunting breakfast, to th4 sister of Prince, Iwan, "w who, without being abso.lutely a beauty, had a very pretty face." She "' had something of a languishing expreision in her large blue eyes,'and, besides, wanted for neither wit nor education." ' Vith'this damsel Peter, of course; 'fell in lov,e at first 'sight, on the 19th of November declared his 'intention to mArry her. in ful Couuh' 'cil, and on the'30th of the'.same'month the cere'mony of .the betrothal took plaoe. -y j - ' The' Dolgorouis -now. I nec they h suriounted 'illTobstacle, and' proposed to have the nuptials consuns. .mated in a few days, reckoningthat after this step the thould have iiothing to fear from their enemies' cabas But. they were deceiredi their hopes. The young Emperor fell.sick on thel7tli of January, 1730, of the smallpox. The ignoranceofthe physicians, who mistook=itforimerely a viotsnl fever, and the ungovernable vivacity of the Prince mself,were'te cause of his death. In his impatience he opened a windowv; 3he smallpox, which, had begun to come ut,' s,truck in' again; and on the 29th of January(old stjle) he i, in the fowierrof his youth'." Manstein's,remarks on'the state of Russia' during 7CoMern-porary Mtclnoirs of Rlsnia, from the Year 1727 l to 1744, by General CHR. HEzE AN VON MATs1mN, an officer of distinction in the Russian service; first edited in :English by David HEume, and now re-edited, compared with the original French, and illustrated with br ef notes, by "A I Hertfordshire Incumbent." London, Longmaus, 185(. ~this shortYreigii' o,f'h 'i~i oi or. rather of an -oligarchicalprotectorate governing the country in his name, are very-curious,-and quite confirm the opinioA'that the-'old -Muscovite population,- which forms the kernel of the Russian empire, isaltogether devoid of that aggressivb disposition which has been often imnputed o it,'b'hut which is in reality a graft fro aforeign iitock, introduced through German allisnces,: and'developed"by the influence 'of foreign ad'venturers f - "TheRussiansof cTJeflock," sys fanstein, "found iariPeterl.LalPrince.after their ownhe.rt, especially for hiis'laving quitted St, Petersburg, andbroughtback'theresi. dence of the Court to hMoscow. Even at this day all Russia pronounces this epoch the happiest kmovwn for a century. he empire was at peace with all its neighbours; thvre 'as n0 conipund.ion to servc in t7ve army, so that every one could stay at home -quietly, enjoy his property, and even mnprove it. Except a few. of the grandees who were Jealous of the power of the DoLgoroukis, all the rest of the nation were content. Univers.l joy appeared on every face; 'the Treasury was becoming replenished, and the town of Moscow lifting its head agam out of the condition of decadence to which Peter Lhad reduced it byhis predilection for St. Petersburg. Nothing went amiss but the narine and the army, which, indeed, would have been entirely ruined had this reiga continuled'some years muore on 'th same footing." M lEay wre not hope that the esperience of tne last three years will convince the present Emperor that to pursue the career of hlis father is, after all, less likely to secure for him the affection of the " Russians of the old stock" than a course which will enable them "to stay at home quietly, enjoy their property, and even improve it ;" and, if so, may weo not appreciate the wisdom of the policy which has spared *the great commercial port of Southern Russia, and obtained in the preservation of Odessa, no lessthan in the destruction of Sebastopol, a security for the decadence of the aggressive powers of' our late- enemy ? Upon the death of Peter IL. a design was entered into by the Dolgoroukis and a few other of the old families to introduce into Russia an oligarchical, or, as Mlanstein calls it, a Republican Government, by limiting the power of the new Sovereign so strictly that, in fact, the whole management of affairs should remain in the hands of the Supreme Council of State,-a 'body made up almost exclusively of Dolgoroukis, GolofknAs, and Galitzins. We have no space for the details of the pl, which are, however, very CUriOUS, and wzill remind the classical'student of the similar project entertained by Darius and "'his brother conspirators after the assassination of the MIagian. Neither can we step to narrate the intrigues mine within mine, by which the design of the conspirators was frustrated, and they themselves sacrificed to the resentment of theEmpress Aiuie, whom they had carefully selected as the most promising instrument for effecting their purpose. lt is sufficient to observe that the rejection of any constitational limit to the power of the Sovereign was altogether to the taste of the great body of the nation, especially the lesser nobility. Anne, acting anderthe advice of theastute Ostermanni (whom Peter L. had promoted from the situation of captain's clerk in a Russian ship to the highest offices of the State, and of whomnhe asserted that he never made a single mistake), succeeded, with the acclamation of the nation, in grasping despotic power, and wielding it, or at least enabling her favourite, Biron, to wield it, through the whole of her reign. It is the year 1733 which, in our opinion, may be assigned as the turning poinlt 'of Russian policy, and the commencement of that career of aggressive ambition which at last roused all Europe in a league against the common offender. It was then that the Empress raised 'to the rank of Marshal, and placed at the head of the Ministry of War, a man of vast genius and untiring energy, but of an insatiable ambition. This was Burokardt Christopher, Count MIunich, an Oldenburg gentleman of good family, who, after spending his early days as a soldier of fortune in the service of Hesse, and subsequently of Augustus IT, King of Poland, was introduced by Prince Dolgorouki to Peter I. of Russia, and by his military and engineering talents raised himself high in the favour of that Prince. Durmig the reign of his widow, Catherine, and the early part of that of Peter II., he was much crossed by Prince MIensehikoff, who extremely disliked him. With this nobleman's disgrace Munich's fortanes rose; and at the time of which we are spealcing he was intrusted by the Enmpress with the duty of entirely remodelling and reorganizing the Russian army. Scarcely was his task completed whlen he was called upon to use the' instrument he had prepared to impose a King upon Poland, against the all but unanimous wishes of the nation, in subserviency to the interests of Russia. Immediately after the termination of the Polish affair the Empress, in conjunction with Austria, declared war against Turkey; and the camtpaigns of Munich in the Crimea, Bessarabia, and3lold3via, through all of wshich he was accompanied by Manstein, form a most valuable contribution to military history. They are given in detail, and, in fact, read like the reduction of a regular military journal, written from day to day. The successes of the Russians, although purchased by an immense loss of life, were most brilliant throughout this war. In the four campaigns of which it consisted Azoff, which had been strongly fortified by the Turks, was taken; the Crimea overrun and laid waste; Oczakoff and Kinbiun captured and retained; and, after scouring Bessarabia and beating the Tturks in a pitched battle in the vicinity of Chotym, M;unich obtained secure military possession of Moldavia, and was ready to advance as far as the Danube, beyond w-hich the enemy had retreated in a panic, when, to his astonishment and indignation, he received intelligence that the Court of St. Petersburg had been betrayed by its treacherous ally, and induced to acquiesce in a " shameful" peace. A letter which he 'wrote on 'this occasion to Prince Lobkowitz, the Austrian commander in Transylvania, is unique as a State paper, but too long for quotation. The " devouring ambition"' and unparalleled pride ascribed to the writer by M1anstein break out through the flimsy veil of conventional respect. In fact, Munich had wished to hold a portion of his conquests, viz., Moldavia andWallachia, as Hospodar; and Manstein believes that if Russia had retained possession of those provinces his request would have been granted. After the preliminaries of peace had been signed, this being out of the question, he asked the Empress to give him the government of theU1;raine wvith the title of Duke. The request was made through the favourite, Biron, to whom Municb explained his object in preferring it. 'When Anne had read the application she said, "M1larshal Munich continues modest to excess. I thought he would have aslked for the title of Grand Duke of Muscovy." She made no other answer to the request, and thlere 'the matter dropped. In spite of the reputation Russia had gained in the war, and of the honours and emoluments -with which the superior officers were rewarded, railitary service had not become popular with the nation. On the conclusion of peace the Empress gave permission to every gentleman who had been 20 years in the army, and seen actual service, to demand his discharge. The result of this was very remarkable. No sooner was the ordinance published than "The number of petitioners was infinite. BI1f at least of the officers presented petitions for leave to resign, each pretending to have served above 20 years. There were instauces of young men who were scarce past 30 who insisted 'on their discharge rfor, having at the age of 10 or 12 years had'their names enrolled in some regiment, they reckoned the tine of ther serliie from that date. Several even who bad not a farthingintheirprses still-preferred cultivating their fields with their own hands to ndlitary service.' This iade it necessary, some months afterward, to repeal the ordinance." And yet Munich had considerably augmented the pay of the native Ru-ssian officers, and raised-it to an-equality with that of the foreigners in the service, to which, bef Wore he became ar Minister, it had been very inferior. The Empress-Ante died, after a 'very short ill- ness, in the year 1~40, having in her will appointed asher successorthe infant son of her niece, the Grand-Duches- ie, who was married to' Prince Antony 'Ulric, Duke of Brunswick, but was on -very unhappy terms with her husband. The exclusion of Anne herself from' the succession in favour of her ow-r child was due to the intrigues of Biron, the favourite of the Empress, 'rho by her agency had been made Duke of Courland, and who cherished the' same ambitioni designs which, under somewhat- similar circumstances, had been entertained by AMenschikoff. He had indaced' his mistress 'to appoint him regent, and no sooner had she expired than he began to intrigue to bring about a marriage between his eldest son and the Princess Elizabeth, daughter of Peter I., by Catherine, and consequently aunt by the half-blood to the Grand-Duchess. He also contemplated a similar alliance between his own daughter and the Duke of Holstein, a grandson of Peter I., byElizabeth's elder sister, Anne; and by transferrng the supreme power to this branch of the descendants of Peter he designed to place his own posterity on the throne. But this .scheme was not to iucceed:. ^:sdaringn-s I ambitious a man. as limself Was to forestl him.i The . G-un-Du chess aud her husband, th oroug4lY broken in- spirit: 'by his domnineering insolence (for he hardly- deigned to treat them with comnoi civility), poured out their sorrows in the ear of Marshal Munich. 'This nobleman halad become: extremely discontented at sinding that, after havinj assisted the Regent in his plans, hevas not so necas sary to him as he had expected to be,.and hereadily. promised .to deliver them from the tyranny of J3irosi if they would place confidence in him. This ther. readily agreed to do, and the Duke was arrested in his bed under circumstances so unfavourable to suicess that Manstein, who himself executed the order confesses that the attempt ought by allrightto have miscarried. E but a single man, he says, haa. done his duty, failure was certain. But, besides this, the following graphic passage will show thsat even accident befriended the conspirators. Mausteii had been ordered by the Marshal to put himself -at the head of 20 men, to enter the palace, seize ther Duke, and, in case of his making the least resist_ ance, to massacre him without mercy. He accords ingly " Entered the palace, and, to make no noise, bada the detacament follow him at a distance. AI the sentinels suffered him to pass without any opposition, for, as he vas personally known to all the soldiers, they imagined. he might be sent to the Duke on some affair of con, sequence, so that he got across the apartment without any difficilty. lt, as he did not imnowv the particular room im -which the Duke lay, he was all on a sudden extremely embarrassed wshere to go; for, to avoid giving an alarm, hl could not ask the servants who were waiting in the antechamber. After anmoment's thought,he resolvedtokeep advancing on, in the hope he should at length find thathe wvas seeking. And so it happened, in fact;for, after he had gone through tv.-o chambers, he came to a door thAt was locked; lucklily for him, this was a folditg door, and the servants had neglected-sliding the bolts at the top and bottom, so that he easily forced it onen. In the chamber he found a great bed, in vhich the Dlae andDuchess were lying, buried in so profound a sleep that noteven the noise he made in forcing open the door had woke them. hIanstein, having got close to the bed, drew the cartains and desired to speak with the RegentUpon this both started up and began to scream with. all their mnight,. rightly judging that he 'was not come. to bring thea any good news. Mianstein, happening to stand on the side on which the Dachess lay, saw the Regent throw himself out of bed on the ground, apparently with the intention to hide himself under the bed; on which, ap'in-nl quickly round to the other side, hethrew himself upon hiui and held him fast locked in his arms till the guards came in. The Duke, having at lei,gth got upon his legs aain, and wanting to disengage himself from their hold, distributed blows with his fist to the right anrd left, which the soldiers returned with strokes from the butt-ends of their muskets - and, throwing him down again on the floor, they crammed a. handkerchief into his mouth, bound his hands with an officer's sash, and then carried him, naked as he was, to the guard-room, where they covered him with a soldier's cloak, and put hima into a coach of the Marshars that 'was in waiting." The fallof the Regent produced the greatest joy in Russia. A vindictive and cruel man, he had so habitually abused the power he possessed over the Empress that, besides a great number of bloody executions, persons of the highest distinction were sent to Siberia vwithout her knowing anything of it. The number of exiles duning her reign of O years amounted in the -whole to more than 20,000. - The Princess Anne was not fated longto enjoyher triumph over her persecutor. Jealousy aiuong her MIinisters and domestic dissension were terminated after a very fewmonths by another conspiracy, which placed the Princess Elizabeth upon the dangerous eminence of the Russian throne. Of the intrigues which produced this result we have no space to give even an outline; but here, as in the former instance, it would nlmost seem that a destiny worked out its appointed course under circumstances the, most unfavourable. A vain and gossiping physi-- cian and a bankrupt trader were the principal agents in carrying out a scheme which effected the rain of some of the subtlest statesmen that Europe ever had, and the extinction of one branchof the house of Romanoff in bonds and misery. The Grand-Duchess even had intelligence of the plot against her sent from foreign countries. Count Osterman, the Russian Talleyrand, who from lameness never left his room, one day had himself carried to her to communicate the information he had received of the conspirators' machinations ; but, " instead of an answer to the purpose of what he wvas telling her, she showed him a new frock she had just made for the little Emperor." And, after all, Manstein II is certain that if in the course of the first 4S hours a man of resolution had been found to put himself at the head of some troops he might have dethroned the new Empress." But tike man of resolution, Munich, had been disgraced, and the Princess had no one competent to succeed him. The latter part of the Memoirs is occupied with an account of the two campaigns in whiclh tlle Russians overran Finland. They were completely successful, even less, however, through the skiEl and bravery of the two eminent Generals, Lacy and Keith-the latter the younger brother of the Earl MIarshal of Scotland-who commanded the Russian armies, than the extraordinary blunders made by the S edes. These, on the eve of declaring the war, the theatre of which was necessarily Finland, had but few troops there, and no magazines, and not enough provisions inthe whole countryto form any. Their domestic factions put it inthe powver of the Russian MlIinister at Stoclkholrl to' inform his Coiurt of all their deliberations; ;and when the contest at last began they abandoned one strong position after another with an infatuation which astonished their adversaries. But perhaps the followving extract, fromlwhich other nations than the Swedes may derive a 'useful lesson, explains how it came to pass that the laurels of Charles XIL 'withered so sadly on the brows of the commander who succeeded him .- - A A council of war 'was established, in w1tich all colonels of regiments had a seat, and aU affairs were debated and decided by a mnajority, nor had the conmlander-in-chief any mzore tnan his own single vote, like the rest. It was even ofteni found necessary to send the mninutes of the council of war to Sweden, and to wait the decision of the King and the Senate on the subjects of reference. The dissensions among the Generals of the army 'were so great that it was enough if one was of any opinion for another to be of a cbintrary one. To all this was added anotheruntoward incident: afDiet being called at Stockholm to elect a successor to the Crown, a number of officers quitted their corps to assist at it, or rather to increase the power of their respective parties and neutralize that of their opponents. In short, so great was the confusion in the Swedish 3rmy that thle ablest General in the world could scarcely have effected the least thing with it." In conclusion, we may express the hope that the pictures of sordid meanness and habitual duplicity which this volume displays will operate as.a wholesome warning to all youthful statesmen, and deter them from the first steps in a career of self-seeking, of which the ultimate result is a state of such hideous demoralization as was exhibited by the Court of Russia a century ago.
THE T mADE OF TH NoBTH EAST PoBTs.-The following statistics of the trade of the north-east ports in April, compiled from the Custom-house books, has been published in BrownYs Export List, a publication issued from the Newvcastle Custom-house :-"The exports (in tons) of coat from Newcastle last month were 1G1,712, and of coke 7,521, against 112,459 coal and 9,163 coke in Aprillast year ; Blyth, 8,317 coals against 10,168; Shields, 5,047 coals and 300 coke against 5,180 coal and 185 coke; Sunderlaid, 61,07S cos and 2,6S5 coke; against 40,945 coals and 2,768 coke; Seahain, 7,620 coals and 101 coke against 6,139 coals; the Hartlepools, 46,8S7 coals and 3,509 coke against 32,271 coals and 4,495 coke; Stockton, 129 coals and 107 coke against 16 coals; and MiddlIesbrough, 5,621 coals and 3,239 coke against 4,331 coals and 1,041 coke. In tons of coal and coke coastwise -the shipinents at Newcastle were, this April, 140,441 coals and 54'J coke against 145,349 coals and 450 coke last year; Shields, 3,334 coals a ainst 3,770; Blyth, 6,897 coals againt 5,456 ALmbleo 2, coas against 2,655; Sunderland, 101,407 coals against 99,832 coals and 19 coke;- Seahaw, 56,793 coals against 56,654; the Hartlepools, 85,791 coals and 68 coke against 82,509 coals and 113 coke; Stockton, 910 coals against 642; and Middlesbrougb, 8,766 coals and 80 coke against 7,264 coals and 30 coke. In the declared value of goodsotherthan coals or coke shipped ovcrsea there has ceen a decrease at Newcastle, on the month, from 126,3221. to 110,0141.; at Shields, from 1,7731. to 1,3141. ; and at the Hartlepools, from 133,9791. to 46,9951. ; while at Sunderland there has been an increase from 10,5331. to 24,0071.; at Stockton, from 84. to 2,3131. ; at Seaham, from nil to 2241.; and at )iddlesbrongh, from 3,8001. to 29,7661." The Lord Raglan, iron screw steamer, belonging to the Tyne and Continental Steam Naigation Company, left the Tyne on Sunday for St. Petersburg, with a general cargo. She takes out a quantity of soda and alkali. RALF-oLDmA MOovEmE.-This, movement lisa ust been marked by the following fresh sucCesses :-The uouses situated chiefly in Newgate-street, and dealn- in fancy German articles, Berlin wool, and such like g&5s, have commenced closing on Saturdays two hours earlier than heretofore. Messrs. G. Hitcbcock and Co., St. Paurds Churchyard, on Saturday acted upon an arrangement for allowing a third of their assistants engaged in the retail departments to leave business each Saturday at 2 o'clock, thus giving the whole of them a half-holyday once in thieo weeks. By means of the new rulo just issued by tho learned judges, a Saturday half-holyday is virtually conceded to that numerous body, the legal profession. in the language of the La2ttC 2Tim, "All will reap the benefit of it-from the judge to the humnblest clerk. J dgea, counsel, and attorneys wKill =-ojoy the holyday quite as much as the clerks in teir emplovment. Most of the firms in the lead and window glass business in the New-road, Tottenham-court-road, Edgware-road, Oxford-street. and certain other districts have also recently adopted the plan of closing two hours eaTlier on Svturdaya thau previously.
OLILPEANTS CAMAAIG2N OF OMAR PASHA.* Mr. Oliphant is an indefatigable traveller and a most eatertaining narrator of his adventures. The promptness and liveliness of his movements are imitated by his pen, and we readily join his company on any new route, confident in our guide and certain of amusement. It is onlv a few months back that we were remarking upon his pleasant descriptions of " Minnesota and the Far West." From the mineral riches and opening resources ot tha head of Lake Superior we now pass with him to Abahasia, M1ingrelia, and the Caucasus. We exchange the newest developments of the New World; for transactions at the centre -whence the Old as originally peopled; and as we turn from cornmerce to war we find him equally agreeable and sprightly, equaUy distint-uished for seeing clearly and for telling clearly -what le did see. As we some time ago annoumced, Alr. Oliphant went from Eitngland to accompany the e.xpedition of Omar Pasha, intended for the relief of Kars. He as fortunate enough to be present at Trebizonde when the news arrived of the fall of Sebastopol. He beheld the Turks prensing their hands upon their hearts, or rather their stomachs, and ejaculatin"M rizshllah !" with unwonted fervour, while the timid Greeks crept down back alleys in dread of exciting the wvrath of the conquerors. He himself took part in the jubilation, firing off pistols and flirting with the fair and most excitable part of theTrebizonde population. At the commencement of the campaign, and just as they had heard the glorious news of the repulse of the Russian army by the garrison of Kars, Air. Ohphant had the luck to get a day's shootin g- out of Prince M3ichael of Samursachan, at -which the I)uke of Newcastle greatly distingnished himself. But we will let Mr. Oliphant te7l his own story:- "As a considerable portion of the army was still to arsiv. e, and the preparations for their departure, together with the march to khemsherrai, would necessarily occupy some time, and it was not to be expected that Omar Pasha would he in presence of the enemy for at least a month, I gladly availed myself of the kind invitation of the Duke of Newv- castle to accompany him upon a trip into the interior, from I which I returned just in time tEo join the main body of the army cn its march from Shemsherrai. Ais, howvever, the incidents of that expedition are in no way connected with the campaign, it is not necessary to trouble the reader with an account of them at present. But I must not avail myself of this e-xcuse to omit mentioning a citases to which Prince Michael invited the Duke of Newcastle, Mr. Calthorpe, and myself, at his game-preserves, about 15 miles distant from Shemsherrai. We rode thither, accompanied by about 100 of the Prince's followers, and made quito a picturesque processioi. is shooting-box Was a little wogden habitation, in the midst of a dense forest of the most gigantic trees I have ever seen in any part of 'the 'world. Here he made us very comfortable, and gave uis some delicous Russian tea. Indeed, all the evidences of civilization by which wve ;vere surrounded -were Russian, and the Prince himself seemed by no means happy under his new allegiance. It is to be hoped that his unfortunate HIighness w;ill not ultimnately be sent to Siberia as a penalty for having bad Turkish 'onours forcibly thrust upon hun. "We stroLled through some covers in the afternoon, and a deer which we saw, besides numerous traces of wild boar gave us hope for the organized hunt of the morrow. When, however, on the followine morning, I sa s the character of the do,s and the limited number of beaters, I confess that these vere considerably deimped, and the subsequent arrangenients didb not show that our host as a very artistic sportsman. The hunting-ground was a large plain, separated fron the sea by a belt of the forest, which surrounded it in every ooter direction; the cover consisted of hiteh fern, wvith chumps of birch and alder, through w hich it was with the ntmost difliculty that the beaters forced their way; we werecplaced upon the side of this cover, and it was so thick that the arimals passed through it withouot our perceiving them. The Diuke made a splendid shot at a deer, as he showed himself for an instant at a distance of upwards of 100 yards, boundnmg through the fern. From the excitement nhich thissuccess caused-the triumph of the Prillce and the perfect satisfaction depicted upon the countenancer of his followers-I suspected that the Prinlce's sport usualy consted simply in shooting at his game. Neither Calthorpe nor I were lucky enough to have an opportunity of doing even this; ut we were sllortly afterwards joined by Cantain hloore and some of the officers of the Higbflyer (which wvas anchored upon the coast), and we soon heard a fusillade of a dozen shots, ch7aracteristic of the sanu¢ine tempera. meat of thle Niaval Brigade. These gentlemen bad at once stumbled upon a pig, w ho had ap)parently amused himself by dodging betwveen their legs, and was reported to have received 12 halls in his head at a distance of about ten yards. Notwithstanding this excellent practice, the porker was nowhere to be discovered; but, rather than entertain for a moment the unworthy sus. picion that he had been missed, we consoled our friends by reminding them that Russian pigs could stand a deal more pounding than Russian sailors." AEr. Oliphant was fortinate during the campaign in being able to tak-e up his qualters with Colonel Ballard, by -which means he missed little that was worth seeing. He found that he couldhimself be of use with his sketchbook, and on the banks of the Ingour he was occupied in making drawings of the bed of the river to guide the dispositions of Colonel Ballard and Colonel Simmons. He was present at the preparation of the masked battery, and beheld the passage of the river a day or so later. He wvas particularly impressed with Colonel Ballard's mode of handling his Turkish riflemen. "WAVhenever Ballard saw a man unwilling to take uIp his position near the edge of the river he pricked him, not witl his sword's point, but with that sharper -weapon which a Turk feels more-quiet irony. 'M iake a gabion of me, my good fellow; put your gun on my shoulder, and then you're sure not to be hit,' was a home thrust whicl- iresistibly impelled the object of it forwvard." The Riflemen, thus encouraged, made excellent practice, and were greatly instrumental in bringein about a yictorious issue. They -were some of the best troops Oniar Paslha commanded, and in this respect very different to his Abkhasian Contingent, who distinguished themselves in capturing boys and girls and in very lttle else, and whom, therefore, after the passage of the Ingour, Oniar Pasha bastinadoed and sent back to their own country. A Pole named Hidaiot also (lid remarkable service in the same battle by a ruse which Mfr. Oliphant thus recounts:- " Omar Pasha had taken possession of a cottage in the wood, and was busily engaged m writing his despatches. It appeared that about 4 p.m. Colonel Simmons had suggested the proprietyof his endeavouring to ford the river higher <p, so as to take the battery in reverse. Of this suggestion Omar Pasha approved, and, accompanied by Captain Dymock and his interpreter, lidaiot, he succeeded in lead. ing two battalions of infantry and three companies of Rifles across to tlle opposite bank. The current was so swift however, that in effecting this operation about half a-dozen men were swvept from their legs, carried down the stream, and drowned. lUpon entering the wood the small party found a cart-track, along which they proceeded to a ditch upon the opposita side of which an abattis of bushes had been placed. Not suspecting an attack from this quarter, this was not defended, and, leaving a reserve here, Colonel Simmons passed through it wvithout the enemy being a ware of his presence. When, however, he was within about 600 yards of the battery he 'was perceived and charged by a Russian coluh;n, who were met by a heavy fire. At this moment a second column attacked them in flank, and Colonel Simmons, collectin a few men, turned to meet them, leaving Dymock and Lidaiot to charge through the first column into the battery. In thebrief but hot struggle which ensued, in which the Turks lost about 50 men in killed and wounded, Captain Dymock's horse was shot under him -while he was gallantly cheerinn them on - and at almost the same moment a ball struek iim in the chest and wounded himn mortally. Ilidaiot quickly took his place; with his red cap, trimmed rwith fur, and his Polish military cloak, he was scarcely recognizable from a Russian ofiicer. Being a Pole, he had served for many years in the armies of the Czar. His knowledge of Russian now stood him in good stead. Making his voice heard above the din of battle, ' My children,' he called out to the Russian soldiers who were hemming in the small band on allsides, ' fly, my children, you are surrounded : whole regiments of these infidels are coming through the wood.' In another moment lie found the battery deserted; and, touching the puns with his sword, as a siguthat he was their captor, this brave fellow returned to attend upon poor Dymock, who breathed his last in his arms. For his gallant conduct upon this occasion Hidaiot -was made a major in the army and received the order of the 3iediidie." After the passage of the Ingour, though the attitlde of the natives was necessarily somewhat mitigated, they were still very much averse to communications with the Turks. Mr. Oliphant, however, made the most of his status as an Englishman in the dealings he had with them, though inable to speak their language, and he accomplished his purpose in that summary manner 'which use maLes second natlre to experienced travellers. WVhen he was out foraging, he says:- "The rules are as follo-vs:-1st, on entering a house,when the wvife shrinks into a corner, and the husband bars your entrance, produce a handful of the brightest possible six- pences; 2d, make the sign of the cross, and say 'Anglia ;' bytlis timne you will have got inside ; 3d, kiss the baby; 4th, show the pair all the curiosities of civilization, endin" with the revolver; 5th, point to poultry if you see any. ff not, cackle or cluck, and make any sign that occurs to you for eggs, holding ulp sixpences; by this time perfect confidence reigns. For general conversation make a vocabtilary on te spot, which always creates intense interest and amusement. Under all circumstances be liberal, as thenews thereof mnay precede you to the next camping place. IMy tariff was a fowl one sixpence, a duck two, a goose three, and a turkey four. There was a good deal of competition in the matter of foraging between the few Englishmen with the army, which It vras advsable to encounrage, as success -was always followed by a grand entertainment; and I have seldom been at more agreeable dinner parties than when, I 1 P cc Uar paignm Of the Turby IA. Army vd Omar Paska,; a Personal yarr(,i,e, by Iawtence Oflpbant. B13wkwood, 2W5, seated round a primitive camp-table, we shared in each other's tentsthe spoils of these expeditions." On one occassonhehadaless agreeable experience, for the harmless issue of which he was indebted to his presence of mind " At last a boy slowly descended, and upon our naming the vilage of Drandy, which we intended to make our night quarters, volunteered to conduct us thither. We soon after emerged upon an open space, wvhere a few cottages were surrounded by some fields of Indisn corni, the whole shut in by biDls clothed ith magnHficent timber. Here we created an immense rensation; the dogs ansailed us furiously, the women flew from house to house, evidently with the intention of barricading themselves in and standing a siege; while the men colected in a formidable group, and favoured us with a stare which did not tend to reassure us. 4-They stoutly deiied that their village was called Brandy, and expected that we were to be satisfied with this assurance, and dive into the woods again. This was a prospect which, at 6 o'clock p.m., was not to be entetained an instat, so w.e intimated to them that if they did not give us a guide to show us the real Drandy, ve should assume that it was a ' ts. Harris,' and in default of a formal invitation quarter ourselves where we then were. Uon this decision becoming apparent one of the party volunteered to lead us. In fact, it was quite evident that our visit was e-tremely unpalatable, so we were not sorry to leave so inhospitable a spot, and tempt our fate once more. Oar guide was an independent, cynical-looking feUolw, who, after getting us well into the wood, expressed his determination to leave us there. On our objecting to this he jumped up on my pony behind me without the slightest notice, and, affectionately embracing me round the waist, told me to lead the -way. In this manner we scrambled on until I found the hands gradually relaxing their hold,-a circumstance which warned me to be readyto seize my friend by the coUar, which I did, when a moment afterwards he slipped nimbly off and tried to make his escape. It now became necessary to point out to himu in a friendly way the use and merits of a revolver, with which he was so much impressed that he got tamely up again, and I took a turn of his coat round my arm as a precautionary measure; so, finding escape impossible, he consoled himself by emptying my cartridge-pouch of itS contents, and trans. ferring them to his own pockets, as I discovered on the followving day. "It was dark when we once more quitted the forest and entered the village of Drandy, to meet, alas! with a similar reception to the one we had already experienced. Observing the temper of the population, we commenced proceedings by. taking possession of an unoccupied house, after which it became necessary to make some attempts at con. ciliation, preparatory to getting sometling for dinner. Gradually confidence was restored, and after we had kissed the babies, flattered the mammas, and presented the papas vwith irresistible sixpences fresh from the Mint, there remained only the old women to vanquish; but they were inexorable. They stormed and railed at our impertinent intrusion, and would not be appeased by the most insinusting demeanour. To the last they insisted that wve wvere Russians (indeed, this opinion was pretty general), and protested against any hospitality being shown to us. However, thxe shining sixpences carried the day, and cocks and hens with their throats cut were soon strevwn around us in a profusion refreshing to behold. Then came honey and milk, Indian-corn bread, curds, and eggs; so ve soon consoled ourselves for the nmisfortunes of the day, and even thought slightingly of oiur servants and baggage, who, overtaken by the nignt, were straying somewvhere in the woods, up to their knees in mud." When the incessant rains compelled the army to give up the hope of reaching Ktutais, and the news of the fall of Kars corroborated the intention of Omar Pasha to retreat, MIr. Oliphant accompanied the rear guard, and saw most of the little brushes which occurred between that part of the armyand the Russian skirmishers. The aspect of affairs was cheerless and the hardships were many, but still Mr. Oliphant kept up his pluck, and we find him comparing his position in the retreat, with its incessant stoppages, to the sensation of being in the last cariage going to the Opera on a wet night, when you are vrearied with delays which you have no opportnity of investigating. At the commencement of the campaign he had enjoyed fine weather, in a country which he describes as most romantic ; but the depressing influences of a retreat and continuous rainfall appear at lenngth to have affected even iIr. Oliphaiit's buoyancy. WVe presume, horwever, that by this time he has made his preparations for starting afresh to some unlknown region, and that we may hear from him hereafter either at the Equator or the Pole.
A PLEA FOR THE GERMAN LE6!ION,. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Moro than a year ago, when the war now brought to a conclusion appeared to offer fewv chances of so speedy a termination, and at a moment when it was feared that our military resources would prove inadequate to the esmergency, the attention of the Ministry became directed to the expediency of obtaining the services of a body of foreign troops as auxiliaries to our own scanty and decimated battalions. Sucha project seemed equally necessitated bycircumstances,warranted by precedent, and judicious in itself ; and, in order to carry it into effect, Parliament was summoned at an unusual, and (to honourable members) very inconvenient, season of the year. The spirit in which the Foreign Enlistment Bill was met by certain members of the House, and the unwise attempt to revive antiquated prejudices, at first deterred many brave and high-minded men from entering the service of thi5 country; but the painful impression thus created gradually subsided, the spirit of military adventure and sympathy with our cause induced a large number of meritorious and veteran officers to accept of commissions in the Legion, and its ranksVere rapidly filled up by men who had mostly served in one or another of the German armies. These results were chiefly attributable to the exertions and high military reputation in Germany of Baron von Stutterheim, to whom the command of the Legion was entrusted. That distinguished officer, by the most unwearied efforts and in the face of very great difficulties, levied, organized, and disciplined, in the space of ten months, a force of cavalry and infantry, numbering nearly 10,000 men, in every way worthy of taking their place by the side of our most efficient corps. The question now arises, what is to be done with this fine body of troops, procured with so much difficulty and organized at so much cost? Is it to be disbanded at once and the expense attending its formation considered as so much capital lost ? or will it be sought to utilize these regiments in some manner that may compensate for the large outlay incurred? The latter course seems so obviously required by the interests of the country and the justice due to the men, who have proved a will to assist us in what was then considered our hour of need, that I think it not inopportune, at a moment when the subject is probably under the consideration of the M31inistry, to offer a few remarks on the advisability of retaining the Legion as a part of our military system. The German soldier is proverbially sober and tractable. Those qualities are not peculiarly those of Englislunen; and it is a well-knowvn fact that, in our tropical possessions, a large proportion of the troops which guard them die off I through ihe want of that sobnety which is the characteristic I of the German. Independently, therefore, of the sacrifice of life, great expense is incurred in sending out draughts to replace the casualties. The temperance of the German soldiers would render them more efficient and less costly than English ones as a garrison for some of our numerous colonies, and they would hail such a destinationwith joy. Moreover, if the system of concentrating large bodies of troops in England for purposes of military instruction be carried out, as appears probable, the employment of the Legion at some of our more distant outposts would render an equal number of British regiments available at home. I will not examine whether such a force ought or ought not to contine being recruited for as an integral portion of the British army, although the example of the French, who constantly maintain a foreign legion in their pay, aud the increasing dificullty of obtaining a good class of English recruits (the natural result of the increased value of labour), would seem sufficient g,rounds for arguing in favour of sucb a course. But I think there esn be no doubt iat, havina leved and organized this large, body of troops, and brought it to a high state of efficiency, it is our duty, as it is in our power, so to utilize its services that the large sums expended upon it may not prove a dead loss to the Budget. If the reasons for zetaining the services of the German Legion are strong as they concern our own interests, they are not less forcible as they relate co the honour of the British nation and the justice we owe to the men who have ranged themselves under our flag. The conditions granted by Government to the oficers and men of the Legion in the event of its disbandment are amything but favourable ones to the latter. The majority of the officers have relinquished the civil or military employment of their own Governments in order to enter the Legion; yet a gratuity of three months' pay, to defray their travelling expenses home, is the only advantage secured to them on the termination of their service. A moreeconomicalarrangement could scarcely have been wished for by the most parsimonious reformer of our national expenditure. If the Legion is to be shortly disbanded there are few of its officers whose positions will not have been altered for the worse by their acceptance of British commiSSions. it may be urged that, before they did so, the terms on which their services were engaged were made known to them. Granting this, it mIust also be admitted that the prospect of a long war might well render the officers and men somewhat indifferent to the apparently remote contingencies of ra distant peace. Soldiers are not good negotiators, and, if they did not take advantage of the need we stood in of their services to exact better and, I might add, Juster terms, I trust, nevertheless, that none will find reason to say that those services ceased to be appre. clated when the hour of danger vas over. The day may, and probablyywill, come when we shall again require to call upon Germany to aid us with the sturdy arms and steadfast courage of her sons; and if we wish that call to be resnonded to, no e must now act with that just liberality which -s well becomes the English people; and, in order to do this, we must not disregard the claims arising out of personal sacrifices, or deny them a proper compensation because " it is not in the bond." I have endeavoured, Sir, in these few remarks concisely to embody the sentiments of the Legion generally, and shall esteem it a favour if you will give them insertion as emanating from AN ENGLTSH OFICER OF TBE IEGION kieligoland, lay, 1856.
EXHIBITIONY OF FBENCH ABT. It is a great relief to pass from the exhibition of English pictures to the Ettle gallery in Pall-mall vwhich contains the French ones. In a moment the visitor finds himself in a new world, in another atmosphere, amid different beings; and he who has been exhausted with the obtrusive surfaces and sharp outlines in which our national artists indulge will gaze with interest on the veiled colours and impalpable contours in which tha French school delights. Perhaps the first thought of an Englishman who enters the gallery will be,-" How hazy the pictures look !" and there is no doubt that in attempting to give air and distance with scrupulous accnracy the French artists sometimes go to an extreme which is the very opposite of that to which our own painters tend,-who, if the preRaphaelite pictures may be taken as the extreme expression of certain truths which always find favour in English eyes, attach infinite iraportance to individual resemblance and truth of detail. In too many mistances the French artists have rather exaggerated ideas of air and distance, and the result is that some of their canvasses look like mirrors tarnished with breathing, so that all the objects in the picture seem dim and uncertain. More or less this will be observed in every description of painting, but it is in landscape that the contrast between the two styles of art is most apparent. Strange that we who are supposed to live in perpetual fog and under impenetrable clouds paint nature in her brightest and clearestmoods, while those who dwell under a warmer sky and in a rarer atmosphere paint nature without sunshine, and as if seen through a gauze curtain. The modesty of colour and depth of tone which are in this way attained are often very delightful, but do not always make up for the absence of certain truths which English landscape painters have taught Us to expect. The tone, too, is not alvays soft, but rather the contrary, as if it were the result not of pervading air and moisture in the scene, but of universal dust. Everything looks parched and dusty, and one cannot help longing for rain. Connoisseurs of old had an odd but expressive epithet for certain pictures which they described as " juicy ;` these landscapes are the reverse of juicy. Troyon contributes some capital work to this exhibition-one a large landscape on the Seine, with cattle very vigorously drawn, the scene across the river being given with a quiet effect-but observe how parched is the herbage, almost as if the leaves belonged to a ho)rtus sicc7s. There is a dryness, too, about both the scenes presented by Auguste Bonheur, and the tree in the middle distance as given Nith a certain misty effect is inmpossible ; but in spite of this M the foreground over which the dogs arc bound- ing is excellently rendered. Perhaps the artist 1 who, of all others in this exhibition, represents nature in her most fresh aspect is Iamibinet. His most iniportantwoork,howrever, helhasentitled, "Before the Rain," and wve feel that the rain is needed. As an extreme example of this dryness may be mentioned the " Haystacks on Fire at MNlidday," by Breton, in which the artist has been so successful that we have a general apprehension that everything around is liable to catch fire, while he has managed a difficult union of lights with more than usual skill. Besides these the visitor will be struck with some views which are not by any means in this parchedc style, but are painted after the manner of old French landscape-the sun being treated in a very unceremomous manner, and made to cast shadows where, when, and how the artist pleases. In the painting of water the French school is suiccessful and unsuccessful, and, taking the wvorks of Gudin as characteristic specimens, they will be found to offer some sthiking contrasts to the marine painting of English artists. The great aim of the latter is to get the correct drawing of the waves, and they reach it pretty nearly. But, thinking only or chiefly of the forms, and knowing that these follow certain rigid principles of curvature, they come to treat the waves as if they were themselves utterly rigid, and were not in a state of continual flow. Hence a tendency to represent the water as sharp and harl even to brittleness. The marine painters of France, however, give little attention to the forms of the waves, and are generally wrong in the undulation. Their whole attention is given to the play of light in and through the water, and they represent it with a fluidity and a pellucid effect to which they sacrifice every other consideration. In "Moonrise on the Coast of Aberdeen," by Gudin, the waves are hard as well as impossible, and look more like the ruts of carriage wheels on a muddy road than what they pretend to be. Altogether, the works of this artist are exceedingly instructive, for their faults and for their merits, both of which are great. It is in painting sluggard streams and stagnant pools, where, without much injury to drawing, the artist can give full expression to the glitter and transparency of water, that the French school chiefly excels. Here the "W Water Cart" of Troyon wvill receive its deserved n-eed of admiration; . the works of Ziem will attract notice for their general effect, although every detail is either false or obscure; and the coast scenes of Hildebrandt and Hoquet will not be passed by. If the picture of Isabey deserves praise, it is certainly not for the sea, which is of the consistence and colour of mortar. But it is in the figure subjects that the French are pre-eminent, and some of the pictures in this exhibition will be familiar to our readers through enogavings, through the Exposition of last year in Paris, or otherwise. On the " Three MIarys" of Ary Scheffer, from the collection of the Duchess of Orleans, it is needless to dwell, nor yet on the wellknown "Napoleon cros ing the Alps" of Delaroche. Besides these, there is the "Battle of the Alna," the largest canvass in the room, by Beaume; there is another battle scene, which is much more intelligible and effective, although on that account also more ful of horrors, " Marshal Ney supporting the Rear Guard at the Retreat from M,Ioscowv," by Yvon, in which the Marshal is very vigorously rendered; there are from the pencil of Labouchbre some excellent historical works-excellent as far as conception and drawing are concerned, but not as regards the colour, which is scattered and fiery. There are some humorous sketches by Biard and some brilliant bits of colour by Beaulieu and Devedeux, the Chinese scenes of the latter having a quaint humour about them that is as original as it is graceful. But, after all, the best figures in the gallery wil be found in the cabinet pictures, and these, indeed, are the gems of the exhibition. Here it need scarcely be said that Meissonier is the centre of attraction-the artist whose picture it -will be remembered that the French Emperor la-st year presented to the Queen at the Exposition. There is something marvellous in the painting of this artist, although one who is cynically inclined might say w%ith some truth that the labour is in vain. In the space of a few square inclhes he has concentrated the labour that some painters wouild have spent on an acre of canvass. To 'be fully appreciated it must be looked at through a magnifying glass, and then it will be seen that a head the size of a sixpence bas been painted with the same broad touches as if it were the size of life. It is very curious, and the result is, no doubt, very truthful; but, surely, all this microscopic labour is more worthy of animalcules than of men; the artist gains nothing by attempting to paint every pore of the skin, and the labour is equivalent to that of the genius who enclosed the Iliad in a nutshell. There are a number lof cabinet pictures around this one. Those of Plassau are very delicately painted, and the feeling with which he has brought the fine flesh tints into contrast with the pink petticoat, the white linen, and the ripe fruit, is very beautiful. Chavet, too, has some clever little things,-one called the " Casket," in which he contrasts a blonde with a brunette. Although they are not so finished, there is a remarkable power in the figures of Dumaresq. The humour of his intent will not be gathered from his titles, one of wvhich is a " Zouave," another a "Sentry." The Zouave is lighting his pipe, and the sentry is blowing his nose in a style that is not less ridiculous than true. The contributions of Antigna are very different, but in their style equally good. In this exhibition we miss Rosa Bonheur. She contributes three works, but'they are mere sketches -two, indeed, are first stidies. These, lhowever, are very vigorous. " The Cattle descending the Mountain" of Auguste Bonheur is full of action; and the " Poultry" of Juliette Bonheur are to the life. There are a good many pictures of poultry in the room, although the exhibition does not give one, as it did last year, the idea that the driving of geese and of turkeys is one of the principal occupations of the French. CnvTAL PAxAOE.-ONE S}G.nrc; DAY, Monday, MIayl2.-Adraissions on payment, 22,714; dito by season ticketsa 481; total vistors, 23,195.
i 1E BUSSIANS IN THE CRIEA. The followin'g is a letter from an officer irn one of the ighiland regiments, dated April 18 :- "'I have just returned from a most pleasant and interesting excursion to Bakshiseraj and SimpheropoL Since the peace officers have been granted permission and passes to visit the interior. I started with a party last Saturday and returned on Mfonday night. We rode the first day some 22 miles to Bakshiserai. We went up to the Mackea-' fie-farm-road; visited the position, Russiaa defences, and camps. The position is naturaly a most formidable one, but its defence has not been much contributed to by Russian art. The Russians have done little more than erect ' lookouts"on the most commanding points, and place a few heavy guns poiating in the direction of the maost easy approaches. Their troops are encamped in mud hovels, much of the samepattern as those of the Sardinians. I entered several of them, and found them clean and comfortable. Before the door of each hut is a porch, in which the inmates keep their arms. From the porch there is a descent of some two or three feet by steps to the floor of the hut. Along the floor a footpath rus from the door to a fireplace; opposite and on both sides of the path a wattle guard bed slope5 gradually up to the side-walls of the hut. Each hut contains about 10 or 12 men. The Russian soldiers are fine, big, stout men. They have a force of some 10,000 men at Mackenzie. From the Mackenzie plateau we descended into the vaUey of the Belbek and found ourselves in the midst of very peculiar scenery-unlike any scenery I ever remember before having witnessed. It was a strange jumble of sea cliffs, precipices, narrow ravines, anid immense, isolated, flat-topped masses of rock standing out in the plain, while the horizon was bounded by plateaus rising one over the other in regular steps. On the Belbek we found another camp, composed chiefly of militia-a very riff-raff looking lot; and further on we came to another camp on the Katcha; each camp, I should think, contained some 10,000 men. None of -their - camps are fortified. We arrived at Bakshiserai at about 4 30 pam. We found the inns and houses all very full, and after some trouble and much gesticulation succeeded in getting one room for the whole four of us. Having disposed of our baggage and had our horses fed, we started on foot to visit the ruins of Dschufut Xaleh, the Valley of Jehosophat, and a certain monastery. " "A Russian officer who spoke French was our guide. He was a particularly agreeable person, and appeared to be well up, if not in the English language, at least in English literature, for he appeared to have read every book printed in England, from Dickens and Thackeray to Milton, Blackstone, and Jeremy Bentham, all of which, he told me, were translated into Russian. Dschufut Ealeh is very like the sketch that appeared of it in the RIs usrated London Alews some time ago. It is a most extraordinary old place, now nearly in ruins, perched upon one of these isolated, flat-topped masses of rock I have before mentioned. It is inhabited by an ancient sect of the Jews, who call themselves Crim Jewvs, and who say their forefathers left Jerusalem and emigrated hither before the birth of Christ. The Jewish Rabbi lives here, and we paid our respects to him. I found he spoke German, and Ave had a long talk. He showed me a parchment copy of the Bible, either 600 or 1,000 years old-I could not clearly malke out which. However, as I cannot understand Hebrew, and was therefore not able to read it, it was lost upon me. The Valley of Jehosophat is the Jewish burialground, and the monastery is a Greek one, and cut out of the rock. Coming from the valley of Jehosophat, this monastery, clinging to the perpendicular face of the rock, has a strange effect. We slept at Bakshiserai, having, however, first visited the ancient Palace of the Ehans, which is now converted into a military hospital. At dinner I met a German from Odessa, who spoke Russian. The shopkeepers and innkeepers (excepting the Jews) speak nothing but Russian and Tartar. Our Odessa friend wasof great service to us as an interpreter. Through him we were able to enter into an arrangement with a Tartar coachman that he should convey our party in his carriage-and-four to Simpheropol and back for 5. This sum is about twice, if not three times, the proper fare; but everybody told us that everytlitng, owing to the war, and transport in particular, was exorbitantly dear. Accordingly, about 10 am., while at breakfast, we were informed that Captain Baroft's carriage stopped the way. Baroff is the Russian translation of my name. We were soon in our pLaces, and offwe rattled, little thinking of the terrible jolting in store for us. Our coachman, as I said, was a Tartar. His vehicle resembled, or was rather a cross between an omnibus and a carrier's cart, certainly not a spring-van. It had no doors, but a wiindow at each side, through which passengers got in and out. Twvo bundles of hay were placed in it, and on the hay we spread our cloaks and sat down, two facing the horses and two of us with our backs towards them. The horses were all four abreast. In this machine we rattled along to Simpheropol, our Jehu gesticulating, shouting, and driving all other travellers off the road to make way for us, excepting whenever he came near any rattletrap jingling a little. bell; in the presence of these his manner was more subdlted, as the bell indicates an official personage, and tingles to warn people out of tne way. A capital post-road has been marked out between Simpheropol and Mackenzie, which extends, I am told, as far as Perekop and even Odessa However, it is in a very unfinished state, and only here and there macadamized. Simpheropolis in communication with Sebastopol and Moscow, by means of electric telegraph. These improvements are all fruits of the wvar. I was told by my Odessa friend that some weeks ago the electric telegraph posts for a mile and a-half were all carried away in one night and the wire cutup into little bits. Rewards have been offered, and everything done to discover the perpetrators of this piece of business, but as yethave been ineffectual. It is supposed that this was done by emissaries in the pay of the alies, but for what object I cannot conceive, as we were already negotiating about peace at that time. The most wonderful part of the business is where the poles couldhave beenpacked away, asthey are some 20ft. long, and heavyinproportion, andthe plain is wide, barren, and far from the sea. We crossed the Alma near Almatsehick. Here we found another large camp, containing, I should think, some 15,000 men, also umentrenched. We passed long trains of carts carrying forage and provisions all along the road. Theamount of transport a large armyrequires is prodigious. Infact, the bustle and activity along the whole road made our journey very cheerfeL A great number of sick men were also being transported to Simpheropol in carts. Abouit hlalf way to Simpheropol our Jehu halted before a roadside inn. A very pretty hostess came to the door, and tempted us to alight. She was dressed in the national costume-a light blue silkl bodice, with shoulder straps, much like some of the Swiss costumes. Sho doled us out three tumblers faull of tea, and asked the very modest price of 3f. She was so very charm. ing that it was impossible to refase her ; besides which this little incident furnished our minds with much mental food to digest for therest of the way, to calculate how much a pound of tea would cost. " We arrived at Simpheropol at aboutl30 p.m. This is a 4 Eluropean town. The houses are nearly all taken up as hospitals, and troops are quartered upon all the inhabitants. The Russian Imperial Guard form the garrison. They are very fine animals, zoologically considered; but we did not see them to the greatest advantage, as they all had on the long gray coat, which, made of the very coarse cloththe privates wear, does not look smart. We visited the hospitals, and were shown' over them by the Sisters of Charity, many of whom wore the Sebastopol medal. They appear to be very Idnd and attentive to their patients, and the hospitals are in capital order. I could not discover the number of sick, but they must be many thousands. In the afternoon we took a stroll on the fashionable promenade-a sort of Keilsington-gardens. A band was playing, and the Simpheropol beau snoade was sinning itself. Some Russian officers had alreadygfraternized with us, and at this promenade we were introduced to their lady friends, and by their lady friends assked out to tealI The ladies spoke FRrench and German, and to us, who have scarcely seen any for two years, they appeared most charming and delightful. After tea we went to a concert, and afterthe conrcertsomeRussianofflcers,whohadfoughtagainst us at Alma, Balaklava, and during the siege, insted upon entertaining us at a champagne supper, over which we fought our battles over again, and fraternized inl a most fraternal manner. The comparing our different accounts of the incidents of the campaign was most interestig; but it would take me some three sheets more to describe. We slept at Simphreopol, and next morning retumed in our four-in-hand to Bakshiserai. Hlere we reMounted our horses, and reached Xamara about 9 p.m. Yesterday we had a grand review of French and British troops by General I,aders, the Russian Commander-inChief."
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-On Wednesday last one of our canmen saw a paper lying in the street in Gresham-street; he picked it uap and, ending that it was a check on the Bank of England for 2001., brought it to us. We at once directed him;to take it to the drawer. On his doing so he was informed that the person who lost it wvas quite sure his pcket had been picked of it, but, "Rowever," said the gentleman, "there's a shilling for you to get a glass of beer." Thinldng you may spare a space in TILe Tinmes to make know this remarkabMo instance of generosity, WYe ara. Rivn,r~ goh~a,nt .rvnantz I - - - 1- JAMES orX anad cO. I Vastle and Falcon, Aldersgate-street, London, MIlay 32.
Z4 1ZEPOBr. CO1JRT OF 01E=S BENOFLWRRrvTnvQ-p trlI ATTHEWS ANM OTJRRS VZ. gz',n (Siuings at "92, Prius, befo2i Lord CBELL a ComrwnL .T2r;Pt.1 . Xr. Wvatson, .tC., and Air. G. Demnan appeared for the plaintiffs; and Mr. Edwin Jarmes, Q.C., and Mr. Hias. kins for the defendant. The plaintifri in this action were the executors of the late Mr. Moore, a printseller, carring on business at Nos. 1 and 2, Rest-street, St. Mren's-lane. The defendant, Edward Tyrrell Smith, was formerly a sheriffs auctioneer, and now the lessee of Drury-lane Theatre. The action was brou_ht to recover the sum of 201.19s. 6d., being the amount ot a bill aleged to be due for a number of picture frames sold by the deceased in his lifetime to the defendant. The defendant denied his liability, and also pleaded a set-off in respect of work and labour done for the deceasd The setoff was in respect of advertising the shop and prints of the deceased in the pantomime exhibited at Drury-lane Theatre in the season ISo3-4. It appeared from the evidence given bythe plaintiffs' witnesses that the deceased had made the defendant a present of some 20 or 30 prints of various theatrical characters, and thlat the defendant had ordered them to be framed at his expense. The whole of the plaintifr' demand was admitted, with the exception of two items. These were for framing the portrait of Mr. G. V. Brooke, two copies of which, it-appeared, were suspended outside the principal door of the theatre as an advertisement-a course of proceeding which Lord Campbell observed reminded him of the exhibitions at Bartholomew Fair. These prints, it subsequently appeared, had been sent to lUr. Brooke from. America, and had been talken by him to Sydney, and for the framing of themx the defendant contended he was not liable. After the death of Mr. Moore the plaintif the executor, called on the defendant, and asked him for the payment of Mr. Moore's account. The defendant repEed that there was somnetbing owing, but he would look over the account, and, if correct, he would send a check for the money. He saw the defendant again in about three months, when he said he had not yet gone into it, but he would see it settled. This witness denied the suggestion made to him that the defendant had showed him the account, and explained that there was 6d. due to the defendant. A man named Thomas, a clerk in the service of the plaintiE's attorneys (Messrs. Abbot, Jenkins, and Abbott, saia that -in the year 1854 he several times -went with Mr. Moore to the theatre to obtain payment of the account. He went in August, 1S54, and heard Moore ask defendant for a check. The defendant said he could not give him a check then, but he should want some more things done and he would pay for them all together. On the 16th of January, 1855, after Moore's death, he sent a letter to the defendant, requiring payment of the account, which he enclosed, but he received no answer. In all he sent three letters, demanding payment. To one of the letters he, on the 12th of January, 1850, received an answer, stating that Moore's estate was indebted to the defendant in the sum of Gd., and that that was known to, and admitted by, the plaintiff when he called. The witness Thomas, on cross-examination, said it was in August 1854, when he and Mr. Moore called on the defendant, and thatthelatter gave them orders-for the theatre; but he made no memorandum of the call or of the particulars of the interview. Mr. JAtEES, for the defendant, said that if MIr. Moore had lived the present action never would have been brought. The deceased and defendant were on intimate terms with one another, and the deceased had made the defendant a present of a number of prints, but it was agreed that the defendantshouldpay for the frames. The 6efendaut, at the request of the Chief Baron Nicholson, had undertaken to advertise the plaintift's shop by introducing itinto his Christmas pantomineof 1853-4. This was one of the usual modes of advertisingdiffrent trades, for which a large sam of money, generally from 20 to 30 guineas, was paid. Thus, Dalin advertised his tea, Purcell his confectionary, Bennetn his watches, Scott his shell fish, and another person, -whose name we could not catch, his 17s. Gd. trousers, which we e made to walk across the stage. For the sam of 20 guineas the defendant had undertaken to advertise Moore's shop in St. Mlartin's-iane. Accordingly, a scene was painted descrintive of " Moore's Betting-office, tips, and Derby sween3," and of the window where prints of the engraving of the wianers were exhibited. A private house was depictal, and as harlequinz jumped through a " practicable window" the scene changed and e.xhibited all the attractions of MIoore's shoy. Next came the clown, rwho, in attempting to jump through an " impracticable window," knockel his head, to the great delight of the audience, and was described as "out for -the Oaks." This were exhibited for about a quarter of an hour every night for eight or ten weeks, and of course the deceased was bound, like the rest, to pay for the advertisement. MUr. Smith, the defendant, was called in support of this defence, and stated tllat he had agreed with Moore to introduce his shop into the pantomime for 20 guineas, and that when the frames were all finished the account should be strack between them. He altogether denied the statement made by the witness Thomas, and, in confirmation of his statement, said that in the month of August, 1854, the theatre was closed, and that he could not have given any orders as stated. Mr. Lewis, the treasurer of the theatre, was also called, and proved that it was usual for parties to pay from 20 to 30 guineas to have their trades advertised in the pantomime as Moore's had been. Mr. WATSON replied upon the defendant's case. Lord CAuMPBELL, in summing up the evidenice, said, the verdict of the jurv must depend upon whether they gave credit to the plaintiff's witnesses or to the defendant. The evidence was strong to show that the defendant shad done something for which he was entitled to make a charge. His Lordship observed that it was akuown factthat Garrick had made the fortune of a tradesman by saying, w-hen he took a pinch of snuff, wrhere he had bought it. The jury must say whether or not that evidence was rebutted by the acknowledgment of the defendant's liability. The jury retired to consider their verdict, but ultimately found for the defendant. BIRD N. DUGALL. Mr. Mellor, Q.C., and Mr. Skinner appeared for the plaintiff - and Ir. Havkins for the defendant. The piaintiff in this action, Daniel Bird, was a greengrocer in Bethnal-green-road, and he sued the defendant, George Dugall, an auctioneer in Melina-place, Westminster. bridge-road, to recover damuages for giving him into custody on a charge of stealing a launp and some other articles from a beershop, the Prince Albert, 37, Southampton-street, Waterloo-read. The defendant pleadedonly thegeneral issue. It appeared that the plaintiff had entered on the beershop in question in the beginning of July, 1854, having paid 201. for certain fixtures; but before the first quarter's rent became due he removed the greater portion of his fixtures to the house of his sister-in-law, Mrs. Bird, No. 3, Nortaina-place, Somerstown. The defendant followed the goods and seized them for rent, and when this came to the plaintiff's knowledge, he went to the Prince Albert and carried away a lamp and one or two other articles which he had left behind. The defendant upon this gave the plaintiff into cuwtody upon the charge of stealing the goods, and caused himu to be confned all night in a cel at the station-house. The next morning, the plaintiff being taken before a magistrate, tle charge was dismissed and the pLaintiff set at liberty. Mr. HAwurvs, in mitigation of damages, urged the misconduct of the plaintiff in removing his goods, as he had done, to avoid a distress for rent. Lord CAaIrBELL, in summing up the evidence, said he thought the plaintiff was entitled to more than nominal damages, but advised the jury to give them of a reasonable amount. The jury found for the plaintiff-Damages, 35!. TOPrFlG v. CLUXRI Mr. O'Malley, Q.C., and Mr.Lomer appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Beasley for the defendant. I The plaintiff in this action, Edwvard Topping, 'was an auctioneer, carrying on business in Coleman-street, in the city, in partnership with F. R. Clark, and he sued the defendant, Thomas Clark, to recover damages for slander spoken by him, and imputing to the plaintiff that he was in insolvent cXrcumstan4es, and that hehad lost 20!. by 1dm The defendant pleaded only the general issue. It appeared that the plaintiff, for the accommodation of his partner, F. H: Clark, haddrawn uponhimabiUlfor2l!.,which Clark accepted, and got the defendant, Thomas Clark-, to discotunt it. The bill was dishonoured and renewed, and again dishonoured, but ultimately paid by the plaintiffi The plaintiff had been sued upon the bill in the Lord hiayor's Court, and gave notice that he should set up the defence that he had received no notice of dishonour. The action was therefore discontinued, and a certain amount paid for costs. The defendant was irritated bythisproceediDg, andmeeting another money lender named Lloyd, m St. Swithin's-lane, he wished him a good moag and said, explaining all the circumnstances, that he hadbee swindled ont of 20!. by Topping and Clark. He subsequently repeated the same expression in the office of an attorney named lea. In consequence of this slander, Iloyd, the money lender, who was present, refused to entertain an application which the plaintiff made to him to discount a bill for 200!. This was the specia damage relied upon by the plaintiff. Mr. JBi~sEs, for the defendant, said the plaintiff now soughtfor damages onthe ground that his business had been damaged by the imputation cast by the defendant on the punctuality of hiis payments, whereas it apneared that he had twice dishonoured a bill to which he h~ad put his name. He contended that the plaintiff hadsustainedno damage. Lord CA3rrBELL, in summing up the evidence, said that some cases] where a party imputed insolvency to another were of a very grave description, and required serious damages; but it would be for the jury to say whether or not this was one of that description, and they must give their damages accordingly. The jury found for the plaintiff-Damages 40s. This being the last cause to be tried at thee sittings, Lord C.AsPBELL discharged the jurymen, with a complimaent as to the manner in which they had discharged their duties.
COURT OF COMMON PLEA. rmnmiAr.. ITMAv1 IBRIANT V. T?TrNl (Sittings at 2Vis! Prims, before 1ord Chiff Jusfce JERvis and Comrmon Juries.) This was the first day of the sittings in London after term. The cause list contains an enty of 31 causes, 5 of which a-e marked for special juries. This was an action for assault and false imprisonment. The defendant pleaded "Not Guilty," and a justification on the ground of a reasonable suspicion of felony against the plaintiff. Mr. H. James a d for Thomas for the deedant. the plaintiff, an Er. Serjeant The plaintiff, it appeared, is a carpenter, and the defendant, an upholsterer at Sydenbam. In December last a gentleman named Russell, wishilg to remove his furniture to Forest-hill engaged the defendant to do it for him, and the defendant employed the plaintiff to - pack it and overlook the removal and to assist his own men. On the day of the removal Mr. Russell complained to the defendant that two or three bottles of rhithy had been stolen out of a box, part of the furniture zemoved. The defendant, in conseqnence, saw the plaintiff about it immediately. The plaintiff said he Imew nothing about it, demanded immediate payment of his wages, was abualy;J ba evid@atly oz 1Squvr, and ~melt of Ewbaskly; and the defendant's two carmen, who went-with the mlaintii% were both drunk. 'Under these circumstances t5ie de.. fendant gave al three in charge-, on suspicion of having columntted the felony, and they were locked up all nightr ad afterwards taken to the Greenwich polioe-court, where the charge-was dismissed, -the evidence not being suffi-ient to ustin he hare.Twoof he 6tteswere afterwards fond ept ina fel bytherodsie,and the plaintilrs couse anntedtht feon hd ee committed. Two the Thu an uniterstin case-were disposed of'
COIrT OV'P RWn:TrT' - - -.-- -, TOHNSOS V. MVrSOV : (Siffings at ft,z -cf-t- CX-n-EP',3AJLx Guidldhall.) NI, h C s , The ertry for these sittings conssts of six remanets ant! 38 new caues The following case was, dispe fi h course of to-day :-poeofn h mLr. o oyce anri air. charles Coleman 'were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Slade appeared for the defendant. 'T'his was an action of trover for the taclde of a barge. It appeared that the whole of the parties resided in the Isle of Sheppey. In the month of September last the defendant became the mortgagee of the barge Providence, having advanced to the owner, Claringbould, the sum of 250? At this time the barge was unfurnished, and the plaintiff in October hired the barge from the owner, am! fitted her up with taclde and the necessary gear. Claoing. bould miade default, and the defendant, as mortgagee, seized the barge, vith all its tackle, in December last, and so'd her, the plaintiff protesting agamnst the sale of the' tackle and gear, and claiming it as his property. Tha defendant, who admitted the property to be the plaintiffs, contended that the value did not exceed 101. 7s., and paid 15t. into court as full compensation, while the plaintif claimed 321. After a great deal of contradictory evidence the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff for 171. beyond the 151. paid into court. LEVY V. SPYE. Mr. Lush and Mr. Cox were counsel for the plainiffMr. Atherton and MIr. Phipson appeared for the defeadant. The defendant is an attorney, from whom the plaintiff by. this action sought to recover damages for negligenco in- the discharge of his professional duty, under the folhg cir curmstances .-It appears that the plaintiffhaving a large demand against owe Cotton, an arrangement was made on b-half of that pers n by a friend named Pottiner, -whereby in consideration of forbearance towards Cottn by the plaint tif, he (Pottinger) entered into a wnitten guarantee that Cotton should accept and pa certain bills at specified dates for 751. 14s., and that he (Pottinger) would tale up suchacceptances in the event of Cotton's failure to do so. The defendant drew the guarantee, which was executed in his presence by Pottinger; but when its terms canie to be carried out notes were drawn, instead of bills, and forwarded to Potinger to procure Cotton's signature. This was done, and the notes were handed over to the plaintiff When, however, the notes arrived at maturity they -were dishonoured by Cotton, upon which the plaintiff instructed the defendant to take proceedings against 2r. Pottinger on his guarantee. The defendant thereupon sued Mr. Pottinger for the breach of his guarantee, which was upset on demulrrer, on the ground that~ it did not extend to notes, and there had not been any breach, inasmuch as Cotton had never been asked either toascept or payany bills. Uponthisthepresentaction-wasbrought to recover as damages the amount of the debt alleged to have been lost through the substitution of notes for bills by the defendant, and the costs which had been fruitlessly incurred by the plaintiff in the attempt to enforce the guarantee. On the part of the defendant it was urged that his retainer did not entail upon him the duty to see that the terms of the guarantee were strictly carried out; that, even if bllls had been drawn, Cotton would equally have disehonoured them; and that, even if the defendant was bounc to see to the carrying out of the terms of the guarantee under his retainer, the mistake or inadvertence was not one which would render hirm liable in this form of action. The C=EP Brm Ro,o was of opinion that it was the clear dutyofanattorneyto work outthetermsof such a negotiation as that in question, and, as to the mistake, he left it to the jury to say whether it was one for which the defendant was responsible. The jury found for the plaintiff, with 93?. 14s. damages. EXCHEQUER CHRABER. Sitings in. Error.-(Prcsen4, Mr. T7usticc CoLRDGEar, Mr. Justiee CRESSIVELL, Mr. JhstiCc WrIGIrTILix? 2Ur. J.usticeEsME, Mr. Justice WrLIAMSs, Afr. JuMtice CROarrTow, A/r. Justice CROwDER, and .11r. Justice WIL;E s.) The Couxu to-day delivered judgments and heard arga. ments in cases in error from the Court of Exchequer. SsEMPHERD V. seAnr. This was an action brought by the defendant in error againstthe plaintiff, as one of the trustees of the .Ramsgate harbour, and was for money paid and money received. There were two qestions raised for the opinion of the Court-first, whetLIer the trustees of RamRsgate harbour were entitled to demand two tolls in any one year from colliers solely employed in the coasting trade in carrying coals from Sunderland to the ports on the south coast of England that pass Ramsgate harboulr. The next question was whetherthe right to bring this action was barred by the Harbonr Acts, the 32d George IIL., c. 74, .and 55th George TEL, c. 84, by the former of which it was provided that every action for anything done int pusance of the act should be commenced wSin sib; months after the act committed, and not afterwards. This case was argued in the Court of Exche ncr, when that Court gave judgment for the plaintiff lhe defendant in the court below then: brought this writ of error, when the Court reserved its judg. ment. Mr. Justice COLERInrE now delivered the judgment of their L,ordships. He said the material question for their decision was ihetherthe Xnamsgate Harbour Acts fell within the 5th and 6th Victoria, c. 97, sec. 5, and were tobe classed under theacts "wconmmonly called public, local, and personal acts, or acts of a local and personal nature." They were of opinion that those acts were of a local and personal nature, and that the plaintiff was not barred from brxmginrj his action. The cases referring to harbours of refiige, ang which were of a general character, were clearly distinguishable from this case, which was of a local and personal nature. For these reasons they were of opiznion that the: judgment of the Court below should beaffirmed. Judgment affirmed accordingly. SR JAMES GIA1Ar DA-RT., V. EWART. This was a writ of error from the judgment oE the Court of Exchequer on a special case which had been stated for the opinion of that Co&. The plaintiffs father was lord of the manor of Nichol Forest, in the county of C:mberland, and the defendant's father was the owner of parts of the same manor, called the Clint and Woodside allotments. As lord of the manor, ithin which was a " stinted" pasturage containing 4,000 acres, the plaintiff's father had a right to all mines and minerals, and to other rights and pr . vileges,-such as cattlegate and rights of comnion, and to the exclusive right of hunting, shooting, fishing, and fowling over the manor, but he had no right of free warren. In lS11 an act of Parliament was passed for enclosing the pasture, which, having set forth that the lord of the manor was entitled to certain rights and privileges, recited that it would be of benefit to the persons interested if the pasture was divided and allotted severally among the persons entitled to cattlegate thereon, and the commissioners appointed under the act alotted to the lord of the manor, his heirs, and assigns one-twelfth part of the pasture " in lien of, and in full recompense and satisfaction for, all his right and interest as lord of the said manor of, in, and to the soil of the residue ofthe saidstinted pasture;" and that the residue should be allottedtothe plaintiff'sfather and other persons who were entitled to cattlegates and right of common upon it. The act further stated that nothing it contained should prejudice the right of the lord of bhe manor to those privileges which he had enjoyed before it camne into operaton, and conferred upon him and his heirs the right ofliunting, shooting, fishing, and fowl;ing over the said pasture and every allotment thereof. In 1814 an allotment in the pasture was made to the plaintiff's father of an estate called Woodside, and an allotment called the Clint allotment was made to the defendant's gzrandfather. In 1823 the plaintifs father and the plaintifagreed with the defendant's grandfather to exchange the Woolside allotment for one belonging to the latter reserving to the lords of the manor the mines and minerals, and also the liberty and privilege of hunting, hawking, coursing, shooting, fishing, and fowling over the same. By the other deed, which conveyed the land in exchange for theWoodaide property, and which was between the same parties, the defendant's grandfather granted to the plaintiff's fatber the same right of sporting. In 1829 the Woodside allotment came by descent to the defendant's father, and in 18-46 he purchasedthe Clint allotment. Since 1831 the owners of these slotments sported over them as a right, and the plaintiff during the same time exercised the right of shootig concurently. In 1852 the defendant's father claimed the exclusive right of sporting over the -ood. side and Clint allotments, and the defendant did sD with his authority; and in the same year his father wrote to the plaintiff's gamekeeper, saying, as proprietor of the estate of Woodside and Clint, he, according to the new act, entitling every proprietor to the exclusive ri-ht of disposing of his ovwn game in the manmer which seemca nost pleasing to him, made nuUl and inoperative the old Enclosure Act under which the common was originally divided, and woual discharge Sir James Graham's gamekeepers from the grounds, and if found trespassing they would be pro-ecuted with the "u tmost rigour of the law." The questions for the opinion of the Court below were-Had the plaintiff the exclusive right of hunting, shooting fishing, ard fowling, or either of those rights, over the 9oodside and Clint allotments, or either of them ? secondly, bad the plaintiff a concurrentright? thirdly, had the defendanLt disturbed the plaintiff in the enjoyment of his rights, or either of them ? The Court held that the plaintiff had the excclusive right of hunting, shooting, fishing, and fowling over the lVoodside allotmeat, and thatthe defendant had dilsturbedhias in that rig~ht; secondly, that he had no right of sporting over the Clint-allotment, either exclusive of or concurrent with the own er of it; thi!rdiy, that the concurrent enjoyment of the right for more than 20 years by the owners of the allotments, claimIng to do soas of right, did not deprive theplaintiff of his exclusive right. The result was that judgment u-a entered for the plaintiff as recarded the WVoodside allotment, and for the defendant as to the Clint allotment. M sr. H. HTTm (wzith him Mr. Manisty) nowv appeared for the plaintiff in error, and contended that t.he ulaintiff haa the xclusive righttof shooting, fishing, and ifowlng over both the allotments. The act beg by recitingthat the paintiiFfs father was lord of the manor, and was entitled to the mines and minerals and to other rights and privile;eg over it, and it then referred to the right of sporting which was reserved exclusively to the lord solely as owncer of the soil. This right was acouiescedin as belonging to the lord until the passing of the Game Act, 1st and 2d William IV., eec. 32, wnich, at was contended on the other side, pat in end-to the right. That act, he submitted, preserved and recognized such rights. This case was distinguishable froTim that of " Greathead -v. Mtorley," inasm uchl as there it did not appear that the lord had any right of this description ab the time the Enclosure Act asseda Mr U5xm&,x for the oefendant, contended that thei Enclosure Act divested the -plaintiffas lord of 'he manor of all rights of the soil, and that be was not entitled to tEe privilege of sporting solely as owner of the soiL. Tha learned counsl having cited numerous cases in support of his contention, The CoiT reserved its judgment.
XA VAL A1VD MILITABRY INTELLIGLYCE. Our Malta letter of the 5th inst. gives the following naval -.nd military intelligece- 4" The Babiana and Kanggaroo steam-transports arrived from liverpoot on the 3d, bound to Constantinople. 4" The Emperor steam-transport arrived from Liverpool en the 4th. "HBer Maesty's steam-corvette Higllyer arrived from Constantinople on the Ist, and left on the 3d for Spithead, conveying 2d invalided Artillerymen. i' Her Majesty's steam-corvette Spiteful left for Tripoli n the 2d, conveying Captain Sir George Otway, R.N. "The Candia steam-transport a;rrved from Ismid on the 3d. " The Victoria steam-transport arrived from Scutari on the 3d " The Belgravia sailing-transport arrived from Balaklava and Constantinople on the 4th, with Government stores, for Spithead. 4" The Australian steam-transport arrived from Balaklava on the 4th, with ordnance stores and 250 of the Army Works Corps. -.I The Bacchante steam-transport left for Constantinople on the Ist. "The Nile, Egyptian steam-frigate, arrived from Alexandria on the 3d. "The Fleurus, French screw steam line-of-battle ship, arrived fruol Xamiesch on the 4th, bringing 54 officers and 1,000f non.^ommissioned officers andurivates. "The Prophete, French steamer, arrived from Tripoli on tIme 2d, and left for Tunis on the 4th. " The En"lishhark Tigris, with ammunitior and warlike stores for tYe Sardinian Governmnent, arrived from Balal-lava on the2d. I The Earl of Aberdeen steam-transport left for Spezzia en the 30th of April, wvith 35 officers and 152 non-commissioned offlcers and privates. "The Lady Berriedale steamer arrived fiom Kamiesch and Constantinople on the 2d, with a cargo of grain, silk, wool, &c., for London. " The Vectis, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket, arrived from Marseilles on the 1st. " The Capitole, French postal steamer, left for the Italian torts and Marseilles on the 1st of MIay. " The Danube, French postal bteamer, arrived from Marseilles on the 4th, bringing for Malta Dr. Duncan, and for the East S French soldiers. " The Demetrius screw steamer arrived from Hartlepool and Gibraltar on the 3d, with a general cargo for Beyrout. " The Araxes screw-steamer arrived from Alexandria on the 3d, bound to Gibraltar and Tangier." Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymnour and Rear-Admiral hartin went to Osborne in the Fire Queen yesterday, on a visit to Her Majesty. The Hastings, G0, Captain Fanshawe, was paid off yes'terday at Portsmouth. The Tartar, 21, Captain Dunlop, and the Megzera steam troopship, Comnander Johnson, were paid wages yesterday, and their crews granted leave. The Merlin, 6, steamvessel, Captain Sulivan, sailed yesterday afternoon for the eastward, with two mortar vessels. The Severn, No. 194 steam transport, came into harbour yesterdayto landinvalids. The Vesuvius, 6, steam sloop, Commander Hore, sailed yesterday afternoon for the westward, with two mortarvessels. The Firefly, 4, steamvessel, Captain Otter, the Hecla, 6 steam sloop, Commander Aplln, and the Otter, 3, steamvessel, Lieutenant Glover, sailed yesterday, with mortarvessels. The screw steamship Conqueror, 100, Captain T. 3M. C. Symonds, at Devonport, has had defects made good. The London, 90, Captain W. H. Jervis; the hospital ship Belleisle, 6, Commander J. Hosken; the paddlewheel zteam-frigate Dragon, 6, Captain W. H. Stewart; and the paddlewheel steamship Bulldog, 6, Commander A. C. Gordon, were to leave Plymouth yesterday for the Crimea to bring home troops. The sloops Atalanta, 16, and CamiDa, 16, were taken into dock at Devonport on Thursday to have their copper cxamined and repaired. The paddlewheel steam-sloop Virago, G, at Devonport, is ordered to be put in commission. The hired Govermnent transport Cape of Good Hope, No. 227, left Plyimouth on Saturday morniDg for the Crimea. The Locust, 3, paddlewheel steamvessel, LieutenantCommander John Bythesea, arrived at Sheerness on Sund.ay from Portsmouth, wvith No. 138 mortar-vessel in tow, rnd proceeded to Chatham, where the mortar-vessels are to be laid up. The Driver, 6, paddlewvheel steam-sloop, Commander llan H. Gardner, arrived at Sheerness on Sunday from Portsmouth, w ith Nos. 106, 103, 109, and 111 mortar-boats in tov, having been four days from Portsmuouth. The Driver left Sheerness yesterday for Portsmouth, to tow the remainder of the mortar-vessels round for Chatham. The Lizard iron paddlewheel steamvessel, Lieutenant-Commander Thomas B. Christopher, left Sheerness yesterday at 9 n.m. with the mortar-vessels Nos. 106;, 10S, 109, and 111 in tow for Chatham. The Horatio, E, screw steamship, Captain the Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, C.B., was paid off at Sheerness yesterday. Her third lieutenant, Theophillus 31. Kelsall, left yesterday to join the Orion as second lieutenant. Captain thie Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, C.B., will leave to-day to commission the Niger, 14, screNw steam-sloop, now at WoolnUich. The Russell, 60, screw steamship, Captain Francis Scott, is to be paid off at Sheerness on Friday. PrepFarations are being made for receiving part of the ships from the Black Sea at Sheerness. The Nimrod, 6, new screw steam-gunboat, has been taken into 2No. 2 dry dock at Sheerness, to be made ready forbeing irmediately commissioned. Her Majesty's 11-gun screw-steam-sloop Rattler,200-horse power, Commander William A. Fellowes, arrived at Woolwich from the East Indies, laAt from Portsmouth, on Sund.3y evening. She got up steam yesterday morning and proceeded dow.-n the river to try her machinery, prior to being dismantledand refitted. The Rattler, having fulfilled herterm of commission afloat-namely, five years, is now to ba paid off and docked for repairs. The Pearl, 21, Captain Sotheby, arrived at Spithead on ESaturday morning from the -westward. Thle Cruiser, 17. Captain the Hon. G. S. Douglas, arrived ai Spithead on Saturday from the westwvard, and went into harbour to be paid off. The Minden steam transport, No. 122, arrived at Spithead on Saturday from Malta and Gibraltar. The convict-ship Runnymede arrived at Woolwich arsena yesterday morning from Deptford, for the purpose of embarking convicts thence for Western Australia. The followinz appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-G. H. Wall, to be Lieutenant to the Sampson; T. C. Bruce, to be Lieutenant to the Algiers ; E. A. Carey, to be Master to the Boscawen; John Lornax, to be Assistant-Surgeon to the Horatio (confirmed); James C. Eastcott, to be Assistant-Surgeon to the Confiict; John T Farwell, to be Clerk to the St. Jean D'Acre ; W. K. Horne, to be Assistant-Clerk to the Sphinx. Various projectile proofs whiclh have been carried on for some weekcs past at Shoeburyness, under the direction of the Colonel-Superintendent of Royal gun factories at Wool-wich Arsenal, have drawn to a close. They consisted of experihental trials Nith rifled shot of a somewhat novel description. Shells capable of containing considerable charges of powder wvere fired from fi-pou-4 field guns, rifled with many grooves to receive tile projectic is on the surface of the shells. The experiments, as far as they extended, have been pronounced successful, and were tried ith charges varying from hlb. to lAlb., and -with 10 degrees clevation shells equal in weight to two ordinary shot were thrown to a distance of 2,S00 yards; some of them reached an ultimate range of 3,400 yards. Captain D.Blyth, CaptainC. J. Elis, Fir t-Lieutenantse. Taylor, C. W. Carrington, J. F. Hawkey, J. G. S. iLreux, 'with 4 sergeants, 10 corporals, and 200 privates of the Royal Marine Corps, have resumed the duties of guard at the -various stations in the dockyard at Woolwich, as heretofore. In consequence of this the body of police has been reduced I inspector, 2 sergeants, and 25 constables, who will be paid ldown and await orders from Scotland-yard as to their future 4destination. The Superintendent of Police has received ordlers to issue instructions for the strict observance of the mew reguation for the exclusion of strangers from the Itcyal Arsenal at Wooluich on all days, except Tuesdays n Fridays, and then only on condition of applicants being provided wvith tickets of admission from Lord Panmaure or one ef the heads of dep artments at Woolwich Arsenal. The following o 3.icers belonging to the dep6ts of the proVisional battalion, Chatham, having completed their course of instraction in the theory and practice of the Enfield rifle at the School of Musk-etry, Hythe, have been ordered to rejoin their respective dep Gts at Chatha m Barracks :--Cap ±tain J. BEailie, :5th Northumberland FEsileers ; Captain . B. Gordon, 4 5tlh R l'e-iment ; Captain I. B. Burnside, Gist Megbnent; Lieutenant W. Taylor, 29th Regiunent; Lieutenant A. MfLeod, 78th M glanders; E ns.gn W. D. Jarvis, 12th Foot, and about 40 men belonging to depots IThe Lords of the Admirlaty have made the following pro. -motioDs, to bear date the 10:h inst., consequent on special and distinguished individual-rvices perforzzed during the late war:- Commanders to be Captains.-richard B. Crawford, of -the Gorgon; Ricard D D White, of the Desperate; Alan l. Gardner, of the Driver; John 0. Johnson, of the Me- We3a .; Wf ians Jth . S. Pollen, of the Falcon n o Neil eoyd, of the Algier s; the Hon. George H. Dougla, -of th erniOer - George Le Boyertar of the Vulcan; * abes 3l , teof the Agiersn; P Her r Croft, of the Ces- Fredri£rck A. B. Crauf nrd, of the Swallow v; and Geore e O' Weiek, of the Duke of Wellington.°' L^ieutenants to be (Conunsders.-Henryr B. Bcresford,o of thePeaoack;k J. A. Pritchhrrd, of the Edirhrgh; J.B .B Ballard, of the Hiernia;- F. C. Herbert, of the Land Transport Corps:; Hon. T. L Palo'sham, of the Algiers; 4L T, Dench, of the Dauntlef; IV, J. A. A- of the Shamrock; Tr. P. Coode, of the Royal George; Charles Bromley, of the Tribune; T. Goss, of the Land Transport Corps; O.vald Borland, of the Sanspareil ; W. E. Fisher, of the Alban; C. iM Aynesley, of the Lynx; Fxank A. Hawkins, of the Leander- MontagD F. O'Reilly, of the Seagell; Edward Lacy, of the Furious; Armine Wodehouse, of the Amphion ; W. I. Johlife, of the Arrow; J. H. Fourneau.x, of the Vulcan; J. F. Ross, of the Weser ; Montagu B. Dann, of the Niger; F. W. Gough, late of the London; W. C. D. Vere, of the Esk; J. C. Byng, of the Lovely; G. M. Balfour, of the Porcupine; H. D. Selby, of the Hawke; Augustas C. Strode, of the Vesuviusv Hugh EL Elliot, of the Leander; Charles E. GUylls, of the Fancy; David Spain, of the Thistle- Robert G. Craigie, of the Weasel; Herbert T. De kantzow, of the mi rieuse; S. B. Piers, of the Starling; J. Edge, of the Valorous * John Bythesea, of the Locust John D. Z'Crea, of the Hastings; Alfred Mitchell, of the Fervent; Leveson E. H. Somerset, of the Diule of Wellington; Edward Hardinge, of the Brave; Hugh T. Burgoyne, of the Wrangler. Second 2asters to 'oe Masters.-Fderik Skead, W. H. FaulUler, A. R. Burinston, James AL Ryan, Thomas C. Tilly, Elijah John Kemp. Sur,eons to be Deputy inspectors of Hospitals and Fleets. -A. L~. Maclerory, A. R.Beresferd, Dr. Charles K- Kinncar Assistant-Surlgeons to be Surgons.-Dr. David W. WTright (acting), WV. E. O'Brien, William Thomas WVilson, John C. Ingles, WV. H. Clarke, Robert Irvine, Francis H. Blaxall, WVilliam Teller, Charles F. A. Courtnay, Dr. Horace H. Smith. ALssistant-Paymasters to hc Paymasters.-Edward R. ervihl, J. H. S. Reoper, Robert E. Morison, William S. E. - Freeman, Samuel Smyth, Hy Charles Davy, John A. I Wicher, Henry Thomas Read, Edward Eosster, Octavils Nash Spong. ___ ___
IRELAND. I (rOM Ou oR OwV COimEsro-.%ElN-T-1 D7UBLIN, MNoDAY Mosuaxo. THIE MURDER OF IM. COMLAGIAN. There are twvo men in custody on suspicion of being engaged in the conspiracy to murder Mr. Callaghan. One of the Gavwaypapers intimates that there vi¶ shortly be made some disclosures in connexion with this tragedy which cannot fail to surprise the Government. TEE ROYAL AM1ESTY. There is no gainsaying the bitter truths contained in the following reflections of a Belfast Liberal journal. They have been elicited by the agreeable announcement that Her Majesty has been pleased to grant an unconditional pardon to MIr. Smith O'Brien and other political offenders:- "We have, all over the country (says the.Yo- dtesrn TFrhig), thousands of young men, with a smuattering of education, labouring under the delusion that they are the victims of the foulest oppression, and longing for some social gathering in wvhich they can give utterance to their groans and aspirationls over a tumbler of whiisky punch. lo read the effulsicaswhich enliven the dessert of any national Irish dimier, or other demonstration, in this country or America, one would imagine that they were uttered by nmen who spent their days in weeping over Erin's vrongs on the banks of streams, and their nights in planing the assassination en Tnasse of the British Ministry, and the sack of at least one of the three capitals of the united kingdom. After reading the awful pictures drawn of the atrocious tyranny of the Central Government, one is surprised to see shops open in Cork or Galway, and scandalized to see a grin on a single Irish face. After reading the glowing accounts given of ancient Ireland, of the beauty of the women and the valonu- of the men, of the humorous and musical talents of the harpers, and the legislative ability and passion for field sports of the chieftains, and of the custom wvhich prevailed of ' sitting under the shadow of the old mountains,' and being afraid of nobody, one is incmlined to feel ashamed of one's own age and generation; and we doubt not that many sober, sensible, earnest people, with the fire of action glowing in them under the smoke of words, are often deluded into the belief that the utterers of all this rubbish are true men, who feel what they say and wvould do what they threaten. It was this delusion which hurried many able, clever men, capable of better tbings, and worthy of a noble career, to put themselves at the head of knaves and enthusiasts who filled the clubs of 1848. To it Messrs. Duffy and O'Brien owve to-day the unpleasant reflection that they have wasted the more valuable portion of their lives in the pursuit of phantoms ; that they have lavished energies which might have accomplished great results and left behind ennobling memories upon a cause of which every one now feels heartily ashamed whose tongue has not been loosened or his vision clouded by the national beverage. Their history is a sad illustration of the misebief which a single error of judgment on the part of the ablest or most energetic among us may work, not for themselves onily, but for all those whom their honesty or earnestness had impressed." THE TIPPERARY BANI VICTIMS. In the Court of Queen's Bench on Saturday the case of II Cunneen v. Bayley" was tlied before the Chief Justice and a common jury. The plaintiff is a shopkeeper at NVenagh, county of Tipperary; the defendant is a captain in the Lancashire Miliitia. On Saturday, the 12th of February, 1856, the steward of the regiment gave the plaintiff a check for 301. 5s. l0d. on the Tipperary Bank, the amount being due to the plaintiff for goods sold and delivered to the military gentleman. On the Monday followving the plaintiff presented the check for payment, but was told by Mr. MNIurray, the cashier of the bank, that there were no funds to meet it. The check was again presented on Tuesday, but the same reply was returned. The defendant denying further liability, the plaintiff broug,ht his action. The plaintiff WaIS examined. He deposed to having asked payment for the check on M!Jonday, the 18th of December, and to the refusal to pay. Coumsel for the plaintff said that there could be no defence to the action, as it had been proved that the check was presented on the banlk the day following its issue. Counsel for the defendant was about to address the jury for the defendant, when a juror said he might spare himself the trouble, as they had made up their minds on the case. Counsel said the defence was that payment of the cheek was not demanded on Monday. The Chief-Justice intimated that he agreed with the jury in the view they took of the case. (Laughter.) Counsel for the defendant said that, as the jury had made up their minds, he would not offer any defence. The jury then returned a verdict for the plaintiff for 301. 12s. 5d. CITY OF DUBLIN STEAMPACIMT COMPANY. The 56th half-yearly report of this company shows that the balance to the credit of profit and loss for the last half-year amounts to 17,2111. 14s. 5L; out of this the clirectors recommend a dividendl of 21 per cent. free of income-tax for the half-year, after dedcicting 1 per cent. on the paid-up capital of the company, as required by the act of Parliament. WZith respect to the improved postal comnuinication between England and Ireland the report says,- "'Die directors cannot at present report much progress ton-ards the completion of arrangements for the improvement in the postal and passenger communication with .ondon, as contemplated by the act of Parliament passed last rear. A proposal to perform the sen-ice between London and Duhhm wvithin 12 hours instead of 14 or 15, as at present was made to the Lords of the Admiralty in accordance with their views, bet 'was declined, not being acceptable to the Post-office authorities. It has, however been intimated that a service will be defined to meet the requirements of that department, which, it is hoped, may also adequately provide for the convenience of passengers When the expected communication shall have been received the directors will be prepared, in conjunction with the London and North-Western and Chester and Holyhend Railway Companies, to take their share in any unproved service which may be deemed practicable, having interests of the proprietors.), THE IRISH POOR LAWV C03MSSION. A compensation allowance has been granted to Mlr. IV. Stanley, the late popular secretary to the Irish Poor Law Commission, the office having been recently abolished by act of Parliament. MVir. Stanley has been in the public service, in one capacity or another, for upwards of 40 years, and, acc ording to the scale of compensation, he is to receive a pension of 8331. 6s. 8d. per annum; but, as this allowance is to be merged in the salary of a vacant office in the Inland Revenue Department, to which he has been nominated, the retired allowance granted to him will be saved to the country. I i I
. THE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. We have received files of papers from the Cape to the 224 of March inclusive. On the 13th of March the third session of the first Parliament of the colony was opened, with the usual formalities, by Sir George Grey. His Excellency spoke at considerable length, his speech filling no less than four columns of the Cape Town lauil. After stating that the public business of the colony had rendered it necessary to seek the advice and assistance and to request the authority of the Parliament for the expenditure during the current year of such sums as were necessary to enable him to carry on the government of the countryr, his E3xcellency entered inlto a detailed statement of the policy he proposed to pursue ulpon the frontier. Sir George Grey then proposes for the sanction of the Parliament a plan of immigration * "The general outline," he says, "of the plan which I would propose for your consideration is as follows .- " That the Government should be by law authorized to raise for immigration purposes the sum of 200,0001. by the sale of debentures, bearing interest at the rate of G per cent., payable either in London or Cape Town, the principal and interest forming a first charge upon the revenue of the colony. Such debentures to be issued in sums of not less than 601 each, to be disposed of by tender. The debentures nd the iterest due on them would be payable -to order; amid the date to which the interest had been paid, would be endorsed on the back of the debenture at the time of payment; they would thus form a valuable nnd convement security. "If you should determine to sanction some plan of this nature, it would perhaps be desirable that a committee shouldbhe appointed to consider upon what system the pro- osedinuniTation should be conducted. It may even be desir eave some latitude in the Executive Government in this respect, so that it might not be fettered in its operations, but might, if advantageous offers be made for the introduction of iamigrants upon any particular system, be .able to avail itself of them. There wilibe less objection to your leaving such freedom of action to tho Executive Government, because it will take a considerable period of time to carry out so extensive a plan of immigration as I propose for your adoption, and ample opportunity vill be afforded to this Parliament at its next sessmon to reconsider and, if necessary, to legislate in greater detail upon the subject. " I ought to point out, while I recommend you to con. tract a debt for the purpose of introducing immigrants, that the increased revenue which will be yielded by the population which you introduco will far more than defray the interest of that debt, and at the same time provide a sinking fund for the liquidation of the debt itself, while the greatly increased value which their presence here will give to the w aste lands of the Crown will afford another means of defraying the cost of their introduction into the colony. But the fact of a tide of immigration setting into these shores will also greatly increase private wealth, by raising the value of all kinds of property and by affording the means of developing the varied resources of this country. "It should be borne in mind, when various plans are devised for procuring steam communication for this colony, for securing for it the advantages of railroads and harbours, for providing for the better defence of its inhabitants and of its frontier, that every one of these advantages wil necessarily follow from a large increase to your European population; that almost every other means that you can devise for obtaining any one of these advantages is uncertain, and maybe only temporary in its results; but that a largely increased European population will infallibly and permanently secure every one of them, as well as many other advantages for you. "I Only those who have witnessed the extraordinary development which is given to the growth and resources of a new country from the adoption of a systematic introduction of immigrants into it can rightly appreciate the change which such a system would produce in the condition and prospects of this country. "'It might be thought, from the recently slow rate of its progress compared with the Australian colonies, although it lies so much nearer Europe, that it did not hold out to immigrants the same advantages which those colonies afford. But witdh a very large practical acquaintance with the continent of Australia I can now, after having visited so great a portion of South Africa, unhesitatingly state this country affords at least equal advantages to European inunigrants, and that it affords a field of immigration which holds out to those wvho enter, it a certainty that themselves and descendants may with industry attain to as great a competence and comfort as in any other country in the world. "In some resnects, indeed, the Cape of Good Hope holds out greater advantages to iemigrants than any other c olony; for, while it offers to them those advantages in regard to the many openings afforded for the profitable employment of industry and the procuring of lamnds on reasonable terms, which all new countries enjoy in common, it at the same time offers to the immigrant many moral and social advantages which can only be found in a country which has been for some time occupied by a European society. " It will be for you to determine whether or not this is -an undertaking for tho promnotion of which a loan should be raised ; but in the recommendation I have made I have acted on the conviction that those who legislate for countries should have confidence in their resources, and should remember that the ctedit of a country, when it is well established, contains great dormant energies which it is their duty on fitting occasions to rouse into being and to use as freely as those resources which they find ready to their hands. The wisdom and ability of a Legislature is in no manner more fully show n than in the wise use of such a credit. It is from this source that the greatness of all poverful nations and States have sprung. and I think that this colony contains accumulating and undeveloped means of the kind I allude to superior to those of niost other colonies, wuhich have never yet been duly appreciated or made use of, but which now, properly applied by you, might lead it to a high degree of prosperity and importance."
THE WEST LNDIA Doox GiTES.-The dockmasters, by incessant labour, were on Satuirday enabled to resume the business of the south dock, the new lock gates havingbeen successfully hung in the course of the morning in lieu of those that burst on Tuesday night last. By way of precaution the remainder of the 'deet of vessels that were in the dock, 56 in number, wvith the exceptiou of three were on Friday floated out of the dock at the flood, and hauled into the West India Import Dock for safety. The sunken Danish garnot, Henrietta Kirstine, was got up on Friday, and conveyed into the river, where she now remains on the shore. The wrecks of the lighters and barges sunk in the canal have not yet been removed, neither have those which went down in the river at the entrance of the locks. It is satisfactory to knoNv that the occurrence was not attended with loss of human life.-ShiV,pisng Goazctt. [Advertisement.]-" Life of a Sailor," by Captain Chamier, R.N. New and cheap edition, price 2s., free by post, 26 stamps. The courageous exploits and daring adventures, as performed by our British seamen and related by Captain Chamier, have rendered his sea novels deservedly famous-considered by many to equlal, if not surpass. Marryat's. Just ready, by tho same author, "Ben Brace: or the Last of Nelson's Agamemnons." price 2s.; post free. 26 stamps. PFu of interesting particulars respecting Lord Nelson, relatinz many incidents in his life unrecormed in history. Just ready, " Thel'idow Burnaby," by nrs. TroUope. price 2s. Also J. lIorier's celebrated Persian tale. " Hajji Baba m England," price is. 66. *Vard and Lock 158, Fleet-street. [Advertisement.}-The cessation of strife abroad opens the way for the peaceful triumphs of philanthropic enterprise at home. Though victory has crowned our arnss with success, in the beautiful language of M,ilton, " Yet much remains to conquer still peace hath her victorice. no less renovwned than war." The eople this country wiU have the greatest support ever yet receivei in ther noble struggle in the c.ause of self-education by tho piblication of division 1 of " Cassell's Popular Educator." price is., which will be ready May 15. It is edited by Professor WalUaee, and will contain a course of lessons in history, grammar, mathematics, arithmetic, French, music, physiology, Latin, botauy, and biography. Had Milton lived to see this day he would have adnitted that one victory was at least achieved, worthy of his verse and of his praise. London, W. Kent and Co., 51 and 52, Paternoster-row, publ)Lshers of Casseli's edsscational works and the " Illustrated Family Paper ," and may be had of all bookseUers. [AdveHiisement.]-Will you dine with us to-day? The "Wife's Own Book of Cookery" tells what to provide and how best to drems and lay on the table a dinner for two or more in any style, either cisew or costly, and adapted to any income, small or large. book contains above 1,500 original receipts for dishes that Can be got up lin any household, and is iLlustrated w ith 250 descriptive engravings.- Pjegeaat Arts fer Ladies" gives plain instructioes in every elegant art and graceful accomplisirment. Price s. 66.each. Should bein everyldkeeping. Besteis's" HP;;dbookrofchamsber and Oa"eird" f 66, "Tressures in Needlework," by Mrs. Wf^;ren ana hire. PuJals |8.65-.)t, are the best books en their sob. iels finperbly illustrated. W{ard and Lack, 153, fleet-street,
CAWTA4AZ CRIMINAL COURT, May 12. The May sessions of the Central Criminal Court was opened this morning by the Right Hon. David Salomons, LordMayor of the City of London; the Right Hon. J. A. S. Wortley, 3.P., the Recorder; Aldermen Sidney, Sir F. G. Mfoon, Farncomb, Finnis, Sir H. Mugg,eridge, Wire, Law-' rence, and E:agleton; MIr. Sheriff lKennedy, Mr. Sheriff P.ose, Mr. under-Sheriff Stone, and Mr. Under-Sheriff J. A. Rose.i The first edition of the calendar contains the names of 90 persons whose cases are to be disposed of at the present session. During the adjournment of the Court the arrangements for the accommodation of the bar have been considerably modfied, and the alterations appear to give pretty general j satisfaction. The whole of the bar now face the jury, and there appears to be ample accommnodation for attorneys. The Attorney-General, who will conduct the prosecution against Palmer, camne to the court during, the morning, and expressed his satisfaction at the arrangemients that had been made for the general accommodation of the public and those concerned in the case. The REconnEsi, in his charge to the grand jury, expressed his satisfaction that the calendar was light, both in point of number and also with regard to the character of the offences; and he said that none of the cases were likely to present any difficulty, and he therefore felt it was unnecessary to make any observations respecting them. One case would have to be disposed of that had been removed to this court, under the provisions of a recent act of Parliament, from the county of Stafford, which would, no doubt, excite very great public interest, anwhich was of great importance, and would involve a long and laborious investigation. He was happy, however, to inform them that they (the grand jury) would not be troubled with investigating this matter. The case would no doubt cause serious interruption to the ordinary business of the Court, but, as the grand jury for the county of Stafford had already returned ti-ue bills, the grand jury of this court would be relieved from the trouble of taklng the case into their consideration. The grand jury then retired. William Swilston and William Marshall were indict'ed for stealing 50 sovereigns. tlle property of Robert Gre-ory )r. Metealf was counsel for the prisoners. The circumstances under which this robbery was committed have appeared within the last two or three days in the police reports. The prosecutor was about to emigrate to A-ustralia, and the prisoner Marshall introduced himself to him as a person who was going to sail in the same vessel, and at his suggestion they took a walk to see the sights of London, visiting several publiechouseson their way. At one of them the other man made his appearance, representinthat he had just arrivedfrom America, where he hadreceivea alarge legac,, and at length, when the prosecutor, who seemed a simple sort of person, was sufficientlythrown off his guard, the old trick of inducing him to produce his money was resorted to, and a bag of farthings was adroitly substituted for his bag of sovereigns, and both the prisoners, having attained their object, decaniped. They were, however, taken into custody a day or two afterwards, and 13 sovereigns were found in the possession of the prisoner Marshall. The jury found boths prisoners Guilty. Sentence was deferred. It appears to he now definitively arranged that the trial of the prisoner Wiliam Palmer shal come on on Wednesday morning, and, as it is apparent that it would be impossible for the ordinary business of the session to be proceeded with while the case of Palmner is going on, it has been arranged that on Tuesday evening, at the adjournment of the Courts, the whole of the other cases shall be adjourned to the Monday following, and if the grand jury shall not have concluded their labours they will also be dismissed from further attendance until the same day. The anxiety of all classes of persons to be prsent at the trial almost exceeds belief, and already Messrs. Stone and Rose, the under-sheriffs, upon 'whom the arduous task has devol-ed of making the arrangements connected with the court, have issued tickets of adnaission to the full extent of the accommodation that can be afforded. It is understood that several ladies have expressed an intention to be present, but it is hoped they will consider the propriety of not persisting in tllat determination, as they must necessalily have to encounter an extent of inconvenience and confusion of which they probably form but a very faint idea. The prisoner, it is said, is in high spirits, and has expressed himself confident of an acquittal.
POLICE. MIuNsiIox-:ousE.-John Markham was charged with forgery. Mr. Mnullens appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Lewis for the defence. Mr. C. F. Ash, of Nos. 20 and 21, Upper Thames-street, iron merchant, said, My premises were broken into in the beginning of February, and among other things taken there were two checks for money, one on the Bank of England and the other on the Royal British Bank, and two or three blank checks were abstracted from my checkbook upon Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith. The check produced, No. 15,430, for 911., bears the same number as the other checks inthe book. It purports to be drawn by myself, but was not signed by me or by my authority. I believe it to be one ofthose which -were torn from my book. James Humphries, a person out of employment, said,On the 15th of February last I advertised for a situation in The Timizes, and had two replies, and in answer to one I went to 6, Oakley-crescent, City-road, to inquire for a Mr. Hammond. I saw the prisoner, who said he was Mr. Hammond, and I told him w ho I wvas, and he offered to employ me to collect bills for him and drive a horse and chaise. We then spoke about the wages, and he said his house was in Oxford, but he had business to do in London and in Oxford. At his request I called next day, and he then asked me to go to the railwvay at Euston-square. I went there, and, on my return, he gave me the check produced upon Smith, Payne, and Smith, and asked me to get it changed for him. I was to bring sonic notes and some gold, andIwas totake the money back to the house in - )ey -crescent. I accordingly went to the bankigy-house and presented the check, but it was not paid. I subsequently went with MIr. MIullens, the solicitor to the bankers, to his office. In April l.astI saw the prisoner in the House of Detention in Olerkenwell, and recognized him among several other persous asthe man who had employed me to get the check changed. Cross-examined by Mr. Lewie.-I was asked to go to the House of Detention by Mr. Mullens, and was told that a man like the person I had described was in custody. I went round the ceils with the officer, and when I caine to the cell in which the prisoner was I said, " I did not think there was any one there I could identify, but the man I had last seen was something like him who had employed me." I saw about 20 cells or more. The officers said, " You've passed him;" and then it was that I said the last man I had seen was something like him, and added, "If I was compelled to swear to that man I would not say it was he." l would say there were none there that I recognized. When I left the prison I told the officer that there was but one man that I thought was anything like him. We both left under the impression that I had not seen the man. I next saw the prisoner at Marlborough-street, and I went there to see him again. I was told he was to be there by Mr. 3Iullens. I only said as I was going to leave that that was the man. I said so to Mr. Mulleus's clerk. Directly he was brought I recognised him, and said he was the man. He is now dressed as he was in the House of Detention and at Marlborough-street. When I went to the Bank I was asked for a description of the man. I said, he had no whiskers, or very little. I told Mr. 31ullens I could not give a description of his face. I have not the least doubt now that the prisoner is the man by his appearance altogether. The cross-examination of the writness occupied a considerable time. Mairj A.Feunell said-Ilivewith my inother at G, Oakleycrescent, City-road, and we are accustomed to let off a portion of our house. Wo let the drawingroom off about the 15th or 19th of February to a Mr. Hammond. He was two mornings with us. I saw him the first mornin. He asked me to give him a pen and ink. I let the apartients to him. I only saw him when I let the apartments, and the next -morning; ut I only saw his back when he went away the folloeing morning. I think I should know him again. I saw a man at Marlborough-street police-office very like him. The prisoner is so like the man that ifI had met him in the street I siiould say he was the man, as he is not quite so stout as he then was. The prisoner is verylike the man, but he is differently dressed. I believe the prisoner is the man. Cross-examined.-There has been a discussion about the business. I was more confiden' than my sister was as to his identity. After a very long cross-examination of the witne&S the prisoner, upon being asked, in the usual terms, whether ho wishedto say anything, said with an oatb, "I know nothing about it." He was then committed for tri.al. Elizabeth Jones and Susan Grant wese charged with having robbed a lady in an omnibus. The prisoners got into the omnibus in the Borough. The lady was in the omnibus. The driver knew tlhe prisoners and madeacertaincommunication tothe conductor,andwhenthe vehicle reached Leadenhall-street the prisoners got out and were soon in the custody of the police, and one of them had in her possession the purse of the prosecutrix containing some silver. The prisoners wer-e comiittA fio; triaL GULDHALL.-Thomas Wiliiams, a tailor, was examined on remand, charged with being concerned, ;vith two others not in custody, u busrglariously breaking and aetering the premises of MEr. Overbury, BasinghaU-street, and stealing 260 yards of woollen goods, value 1207. lOs. Addonaleidence was given, and the prisoner was com- John Smith, a militiaman, was charged w ith being concerned in a garotte robbery in Golden-lane. George Gough, a steward on board the Argand, said, he was going past Golden-lane about 12 o'cloc!k last night, when le saw the prisoner and two women talking together. They wanted something to drink from the publichouse at the corner, and so did witness, but the publican would not admit s ny of them. One of the women said, "I know where to Set something to drink," and they al walked up Golden. lane. The o%servation appeared to be partly addressed to 1 imself, so he followed them, and when he got into a court leading out of Golden-lane the prisoner turned back, and X uit his arm round witness's neck so as to throttle him. The women almost instantly drew his gold ring from his fnger and his money from his pockets, and they then made their escape. WVhen he recovered he communicated with the police, and two of them took him into some houses in Golden-lane, in one of which he identi6ed the prisoner in a room out of 15 men. He had been drinking, but knewv I erfectly well what he was about. Police-conistable 118 apprehended the prisoner, and stated that the prosecutor isnsesitatingly picked him out of about four or five meni who were in the room at the time he took him. The prosecutor lad been intox;icated in the early part of the evening, but he was sobered by the time witness saw him. &Yeral officers identified tb prisoner as being an asso- ciate of thieves, and Sir P. IhiUE remanded him for fuirther inquiry. I Bow-sTsRa=.-Three men, named Cavanagh, Bexley, and I Mavwell, were charged with being concerned in the robbery of a chest of plate from the office of Mr. R. Hazards, engineer, of St. Martin's-place, in April last. It -was proved that a portion of the stolen property had been pledged by Xixwell at the shop of Mir. Smith, a pawnbroker, in Pitfield-street, Hoxton, who was severely lectured by his worship for his want of caution in the transaction. The other prisoners were '*only impEicated by the statements of Mxwell, and Cavanagh (who -wns defended by Mr. G.wE Lewgis) was discharged. the property pledged assa identified by the prosecutor, irom whose office the chest disappeared about a month ago, in his absence. The articles recovered -were -valued at 151. Maxwvell and B3exley (defended by Mr. Hutson) were remanded. An i,l-looking negro, -who gave_the name of Brown, and has been previousiy accused of felony, -was charged -ith stealing a tablecloth from a furnished lodging in Arundel-street, Strand. The prisoner, whois in the habit of frequenting lodging. houses, and more especially in districts where coloured people get accommodation, obtained admnssion to the apartments of the complainant, Mrs. Warren, by representing himself as having just left the Eobert Peel ship, exhibiting some sovereigns, and talking about his boxes, which would arrive in a day or twvo. Hle was accompanied by a smartlookinglEnglish girl, -who said she was his ife, and took an early opportunity of assuring the Landlady that it was an uncongenial match, forced upon her by mercenar -oarents in consideration of bin wealth. A!fter- feasting a~t MIrs. Warren's erDense for. three or four days the prisoner disappeared, taking the tablecloth with him, and the "wife " was deserted. She then confessed thatsheas not married, and had only met the prisoner a few nights previously in the street. The young woman referred to stepped forward and repeated this latter statement to the Court. She was an unfortunate girl, and tho prisoner tempted her togo tohis lodgings, which were very superior, and pretend that she was his wife. She at first objected to do it, because the prisoner had confessed that he was married. MIr. Hli.-Wfas that your only objection to hIsm, tthen 7 litness.-I thought I should be comfortable, and that he was well off. I knew nothing of the tablecloth. Sergeant Thomas was about to give his worship a history of theprisoner's antecedents, bat Mr.mHuL declined to listen to the officer. He would not allow himself to be thus prejudiced against a man. Anybod7v else in the housemight have stolen this tablecloth. The prisoner must he discharged, and could be taken up again if any further information warranted it. The prisoner, -who is notorious for similar exploits (always leaving some "wife" in lodgings to bear the brunt), was then set at liberty. MAnIsXooRua-sTRnEr.-James Moore, a carver and gilder, aged 40 years, of No. 10, Little Earl-street, Sevendials, was charged with setting fire to the premises of Mr. George Sinldn, carpenter and builder, carrying on business in the same thoroughfare. WiUliam Hlornsby, police-constable 14 F, stated that yesterday morning, at about half-past 9 o'clock, the prisoner walked up to witness and gave himself into custody. He said, " I have set fire to Mr. Sinkin's workshop in Little Earl-street, Seven-dials." Witness questioned the prisoner as to the time. when he replied, " It was at 6 o'clock this morning." The prisoner was perfectly calm at the time, and quite sober. Witness then removed the prisoner in custody, and while in the station he said, " I do not knowv why I did it." Mr. BIXGILrI.x-Have you any questions to ask this witness 9 Prisoner.-No,-Sir; what he has stated is perfectly true. Mr. George Sinin was necxt called, and said that he resided at No. 2, Tower-street, Soho, but he had a -workshop in the back premises of No. 10, Little Earl-street, where the prisoner lodged. The prisoner came to witness's house about half-past 5 o'clock yesterday (Monday) morning, and called out from the front door, " Your -workshop is on fire." Witness hastened to the premises and found the whole of the shop and contents in flames. The place was in the charge of the police and the brigade firemen, who succeeded in subduing the iire in about an hour. After the flames were extinguished witness made an estimate of the loss, and he found that property to the amount of 1001. was destroyed. Witness knewv the prioner, but never had any angry words with him. Witness left the workshop perfectly safe on Friday night. Mary Sullivan, a lodger, stated that the prisoner had been drinling to excessfor two or three weeks. She firmly believed that the prisoner's mind was impaired. Mr. BmGHskI to the prisoner.-What have you to say to the charge of wilfully setting fire to the premises of Mr. Prisoner (who appeared to be quite unconcerned at his position) said,-I don't know whyI did it. It was done all inamoment. I hadnoreasonto doit. I never had any quarrel 'with Mr. SinmLn. Mr. BnmiLarv, after a few observations, remanded the prisoner for a-week, to give the police sufficient time to make the necessary inquiry for the completion of the case. Julia Wisdom, a respectably dressed young 'woman, was placed at the bar before M\r. BD GHKiI on a charge of attemptimg to defraud Messrs. Sowerby and Tatton, drapers, &c., Regent-circus. It appeared from the evidence that the prisoner -went on Saturday afternoon to the warehousc and ordered about 301. worth of goods, which she represented were for Lady Foley, No. 26, Grosvenor-square. The shopman (William Herbert) packed up the articles, which vitness requested might be forwarded aboat 7 o'clock the same evening, when Lady Foley would make a selection and give a check for the amount. The shopman proceeded as directed, and when he reachedthe mansionhe foundthattheprisonerwasnotknown and that the goods had never been ordered by LIady Foley. The sbopman left, and while on the way back to his employers he met the prisoner in Piccadilly, when he asked ber if she was the person who had orderod the goods for Lady Foley, when she answered in the affirmative. He requested her to accompany him back, but she refused. and he gave her into custody. She was searched, and about 40 duplicates were found upon her. The prisoner stated that she was a paid-off servant recently in the service of the Duke of Norfolk, but she was at present lady's maid to Lady Foley. l'he prisoner, in answer to the magistrate, said,-My brother did live at Lady Foley's. I am subject to fits, and occasionally I don't know what Iam about. The prisoner was remanded until Friday. Wor,sur-sTr.ErT.-WilliamFleckbart, 37, arespectablydressed man, apparently ill, and described as an engmeer of Paris-street, Palace-road, Lambeth, and Edward Towers, an unemployed groom, were chargoed on remand with burgLarionsly breaking into the dwvelling-house of an elderly lady named Eumphreys at Stamlford-hill violently assaulting her and her female servant, and plunderin,g the place of a large quantity of plate, rnoney, and jew elry. Mr. Lewis attended .as before for the prosecution, Mr. Vann for the prisoner Towers, and Mr. Bins for the prisoner FleckLhart. Mr. Lewis, after reminding the Bench that the firstnamed prisoner (Ileckhart) had been last week charged in company with Towers and another man and a woman named Eorwood and Perkins, aud that the two latter had been discharged, from Tow-ers's implication of them notbeingadmissible evidence against them, said he should now prove that Fleckhart, who had been too ill before to be brought up, was really the man who had caRled at the house on the 3d of February preceding the burglary and robbery with a woman and note, to get the prosecutrix and her servant out of the way while the house was plundered, and that he had, in fact, made a part confession of the offence. The prosecutrix, Mrs. Humphreys, still remained extremely ill, in consequence of the alarm and violence to which she had been subjected, and he feared it was but too probable she would sink under it altogether. Eliza Cooke, the prosecutriexs- servant, was now recalled, a,nd stated,-When the mnan and woman, the latter with her veil down, called atmny mistress house onthe3d of February with a note, purporting to come from Mrs. Rush, wife of Mrs. Humpbreys's solicitor, urging her to call at his office in Austnfriars, they were shown into a parlour, and I was in that room for about 10 minutes. (Fleck;hart was here desired to put on his greateoat. ) ]3leckhart is that man; -Iam p ositive of it. The woman wished me to go to Mr. lRush's offices, and Fileckliart also asked me, but I refased, as my misutress was ill, and I offered my father or brother to go instead, on which the woman said it did not matter, and that the man could call the next day as he went to Walthamcross. W hen the burglary was actually committed, on the night of the 24th of April, all the men were masked, and I caunot, consequently, recognize either of these men as forming part of them, and any mistress, who is very il, has not seen them. - Cross-examined by Mr. Binns.-It was a Sunday when the mall and woman called with the note, between D and 6 o'clock in the evening, and Fleckhart stood nearly close to me. He complained of bein' ill, and I offered him some spirits and water, wlhich he deciLed. On the Tuesday following I saw him while in a shop at Stoke Newington; our eyes met, and he passed me. My mistress told me to look at Flecihart, that I might know him again when he called on the Mondav to state how Mr. Rush was; I therefore did take particular notice of him, and can swear he is the man. He said he was ill when he called on the Sunday evening, and was therefore shown into the yard. Vhile there he had a full opportunity of seeing the wall, through whiclh a larme hole was made by the thieves when the burlary was eFected. My mistress told me they had informed ter that l.M Rush had had two fits and was lying ill at Salisbury, and that was in the presence of Fleckhart and the woman. Mr. John Rush.-I am a solictor in Austinfriars, and the prosecutrLixs legal adviser. I never saw Fleckhart before yesterday. On the 4th of February lMrs. IIumphreys called upon me in consequence of receiving the note before referred to. I did inot write that note, nor was it written by my olders. I was quite as well then as I am now. Sergeant Langdon.-I took Fleckhart at his own lodgin"s. I told him I was an officer, and he replied, " Very wel!." When I told him the charge le did not speak for a few minutes, but then said, "Hlave you any one else?" I said "Y es, and you are also charged with going to the same house five or sin weeks before, witl intent to commit a burglary." He replied, "W ell, and if I went with that woman on that occasion it does not prove that I broke into the house, and I can prove that I was ill the day it was done." I said, "I have not mentioned anv day," and he made no reply. I told him he must consider himself in custody, and that a man would watch him, and I left him. On Tuesday I visited him again and asked how he was. He said " Very weak and ulable to be moved, but in a few days I hope to be able-to accompany yon and find out the otner parties, but I dare say they would kill me." "When I first took him into castody he said " Good God, rm sold." A surgeon told me he was treating the prisoner for rupture. I have made inonuiries abcnum the prisoner, and believe hinm so be a comnpanion of bad characters, but it would be imprudent for me atpresent to name them. I do not believe that he has been in constant employment for abont two years, and he asked mne not to go to his employer. I cautioned the prisoner that whatever he said I should be at libertyio mention to the magistrate. I gave his fatherin-law and wife every opportunity to add tohiscomfort while in the station. The father-in-law said that lis sod (the prisoner) was at home on the right of the burglary, Ihad not mentioned that night to hlmueither. Bevis, a constahble.-I took the prisoner in a cab from lis house to the Kngsland station, riding inside with him. He asked, "How is lrs. HuRnphzeys $ I said, "She is very had; Idon'tth3nkshew l1reooverg. He re lied, "If she; dies it ill make it the worse." He afterwatasked, "Do you thkit lkely you will get holdof any of the others?'I ost likely, inL cOurse of tixee" R userd " h you,~wil, for it wil mak-0 it answhered for m. hop to GJod you lill,ter for -e. hEadth esergeant ive the prisoner the caution hi ho r deposred to Fleckhsrt denied some porLior of whit the police had stated, and both Mr. Vann and Mr ]3-ins tecdef Th&t there'ws nothcin whatever against their clients ; hut er. D'EYrdcomto ordered both prisoners to be remanded till thst day week, and refused to accept hilc foraeather. SOt7THWAiK.-Inthe courseofthey te Mr.solomonl - entered the court and hande-Ito MrT. Badwin, t e chief clerl;, a banlker's check for 1,00W., being the amount of suretiest entered into for the appearance of Wilhiamildeson Au1?efrt who stands charged with committing indecent assanIts oi childen, hy pretending that he was surgeon to an orphasylum, and aeout to recomamend themn for admission (the particulars of which appeared in our impression of yester.. day). He havin6 absconded since he was hailed out, his ow;n recognizance in the sum of 5001. and two sureties for 251)1 each becamie forfeited to the Crown.
SHIP NKWS. NOTICE TO mARRTxTu J. AS -MOCHA.S MLOCK.t 11-Te rrom a report try Lieutenant Parish, of Hei Maiesty's steamro Sharpshooter, forwvarded by HIer MSajesty's Consul at Pernambuco, it appears that thes;e rocks, w.hich are of coralformatton, are situated us lat.I3deg.Delamin. 25ssco.S., and long.33 deg.4 ru in. 21 see. h1.of Greenwvich; variation of compass, Sdog. W., wvhen visitedinthe month The shoalezt water is on the east side. Masters of vessels are strongly urgedto anchorustil daylight when in their vicinity. The rocks bear by compassas follows;- Breakers south extreme, S. 15 deg. E Middle of sandbank, S. 27 deg. EL Highest rock of the group, S. 42 deg. E. Breakers eastextreme, 8. 50 deg. EL The highest part of the bank is about 10 feet above high-watet mark, sultarisea.ndfallitithetidesof7feet. Lieutenant Parishbstatesathat there are many wreocksofvessels on diiferentpartsof the ban, and he observed tvwo casks of water out of reach of the tide, w. ith some bales of cotton. As the place abounds. vdth birds, which are easily caught, and the ground is covered witir their eggs, a shipla companyt ho remarks, could easiily exsct on the group for alengthesredperro& He planted some cocoanuts, to form, in time, landmarkso Wind, R..,V LIVERPOOL, Mar 12. The MIarco Polo, hence, has arrived at Melbourne. The Ocean Chief, from Melhourne. has arrived, %ith 55,Oo or, of gold; and the Invincible, for Loncon, with 20,000 oz. The lorth, from Hew Orleans, has arrivedof Cape Clear; the Agenods, from Savannah, has arrived ofi Klinsale-both for th5is pork Testeamer Persia, hence srrteet nt HNew York on the 20tb nlt. The steamer Ericsson, hence, arrived off New York on the 30th llt. The Eudocia, hence for St. John's, Rew Brunswick- was abandoned. on the 3d nit., in lat 42 H.. long. 36 V.; crew saved by the Empire City, also from this port, which has a rrived at leow York The Pocahontas, hence, has arrived at New Orleans, after being ashore at KeyVaccas an d having to lighten. The steamer Africa, which left Newv York on the 30th slt., Ias arrived ,ith i{,(4,OtO specie, of whlich S3D0,00 istfor Bavre. Arrived.-' he Friends, from Pequeiada-theAmity, and the Arentins Rloelhina,_from Santandor-the dindanso, from Calls-the Britannis, from Portland-the Typhoon, from Hew Orleans-the Silene, from Antowerp. Sailed.-The Glide, for Wsborg-the James for Leghom-thaAmo]ie, for Break-the Hope, for Miranribi-the hMargaret, for St. LoNDox, May 12.- ind at noon. H;: light breeze, and ine. FAI.mouTiS, May IL-Wind, N., and fSne.-Arrived, the Chieftain, from3Matanzrs-the Swedish brigant-ine Anna imartha, from Tiese, for orders-the Christina, from Newcastle for Legheo, to stopalcak. Sailed, the Irene, for BristoL Polrsrou=r, May IL-The ship Planet, from Shanghai for London, was in contact last night off Beacby Head with a large brig, antd rank 2_ hours aftervards; crew saved in their owin boats and landed here.- Dunnis, May 19.-The Racer, from Liverpool forHeow York, asbore on Arklovw ank, is expectedto become a complete wreck QnxnrsrowVN, May 10.-Arrived, the Ellen, from Liverpool for B avre de Grace, leaky. Earroiri, BMay S.-An American and three other foreign ships ara reported to have got ashore on Lessee on the night of the 3Uth of ApriL The Hajaden, from Memel for Dublin, vas towed in here on the 5tIl mat., leaky, having struck on a rock near Mortp Tange; villdischargeand rePair. ~Lsn os;, May S.-Strong currents, carusedhbyhoavyrains, have occasinned many collisions on the Quadro, &c.;* the Juan, of Salcombe, the Dante, of Greenock, and some others have sustained damatge, but one of the greatest sulffeersis the R;ate, of Truro. Vanexuce May It-The Ens,elih ship Marie Strart, frem Shield5, has been lest at Cortelaro Point, near Snores do Piove ; master, wife, and all hands, except one, drowined. GRAVESEND, MAY 11. (By ShunRsaxa AIND Brrssw Tr rP.oj I (From Lloyd's.) Sailed.-The Johan and the Thomine, for Gelle. MAY 12. 9.30 a.m.-Wlmd, N. by R; tide, 3 hours' ebb; fine. ArrivedL-TheHNeptane, from Dantaic the Jacob, from S-tockholm -the Emden, from Gottenburg-Le Vaillant, from Bremerlraven-thO Telltale, from Lisbon-the John, from Moulmeln-the steamer City of Hamburg, from Hamburg-the steamer Hanover, from Havre-thof steamer J;yenoordi from Botterdam-the'steamerElbe, fromHlambuig: -the steam eDolphin, from Antwerp-the steamer Lion, from, Bar-- lingen-the Anna Maria Elizabeth, from Swendsborg-the Concordia'from Eckenfiord. Sailed.-The Abeona, for St. Petersburg. 1 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W.; tide, low water; fde. Arrived.-The Eingende Jacob, from Memel, SaiedL-The Eniza, for Trieste. 3 p.m.-Wind, W.S.W., light; tide, 2 hours? flod; weather, fine. Ho arrivals. 7.30 p.m.-WmVdL, W. byS. ; tide, I hourns ebb; weather, rainy. Arrived.-The steamer Paris and London, from Paris-the Isabella, from St. Ubes-the Caroline, from Hevis-the Baltic, fromn Dantsicthe Josephine, from Calmar-the Cumberland, from Memel. Sailed.-The Ruckers, for Demerara-the Henrietta, for the SoUtlt Seas-the Barns, forPort Beaufort. DEAL, MSxY 11. (BY SURsBaNrE sAeD BrIaSir TEZoRAR (From Lloyd's) Passed Dnmgeness.-TheAntipodes, from Melbourue-the Ta-arani from Callao-the Statesman, from Melbourne-the Edwin ForrestS and the Hfotapur, from Calcutta-the Dolphin, from Sydney-the Sappho, from Demierara-the Louisa, from Cape Town-all fog London. MAY 12. 9 am.-Wld, . by vW. ; moderate. Passed.-Th. steamer Paris and London, from Paris for Londou-i the Boniaraund, from Liverpool for Newcastle-one of Her Majaitja gunboats, from Portsmouth for Sheermess. Noon.-Wind, .H.P. ; moderate. Passed.-The Spartan, for Jamaica-the D.Norris. for Carliff-botb from London. 2 p.m.--Wind, H.H.E. ; light and fde. Ho arrivals. Anchored off the South Foreland.-The ship Flyaway, from Hobart Town for london. 7.30 p.m-Wind, variable, l ith fog. Arrived and Pased-The Giry Queen, fromLondon forPlymoutha Arrived andAnchored.-The Danish brig of wr Omen, fromthe West Indies for Copenhagen-the Petra, from Bilboa-the Invincible, from Melbourne-the IViate Eagle, from Calcotta-th AntiPode,5. from Melbourne-al for London. Vxsrs Srors Was The Lady Valiant, tcring north, April 3, inlat. 3 N., long. 24 W. ThenAmericanthree-mautedschooner Ieighton, April 16, in lat. 24. The Ehip Lady Peel, steering south, April 24, in lat. 322.,long; 44'W. The Enchanter, from London for PeorPhiiDp, MIarchll, in lat. 15 S.; long. 32 W. The Heatherbed, frem London for Portland Bay, March 13, in lat. 1naS, long. 32 W TheAxamnta, from theClyde, April2, in lat. 49HN., long. 11W. The Ocean Pearl, of Boston, Mav2, in lat. 50 N.. long. 6W%% . The Herefordshire, of London, Mny 7, in lat. 50 H., long. 6 W. The bark Fhvorite. in lat. I0 long. 7. The ship Earl of Elgin, in lat. 20 S, long. 33. The Sir }ichard Jackson, inlat. 30 long. 30. The ship Samaritan's HoPe, from Ahaughai for London, MLarch 1, In lat. 33 S., long. 37 E. The Stirlingfrom SingaporeforNew York, Feb. 3, in lat. 9 S., long. 102 R. The Alfred the Great, from Calctitta for Liverpool, March 2, in lat. 3aS., long. 29 E. The Salamanus. fromBombay. March 10, off Agulhas. The Shamrock, from Cape Town forLondon, March 24, in lat. 10 S., long.i 10 V, The Mfary G]over, April 0, in 1st. S H.. long. 2S3W. The Youth, from Rio Grande for Quceuston,v April20, in 1st. 41H., long. 31 W The Ambassador, fromILondon for TablenBay. March 29, in lat.S H. long. 22W. s The bark Ann Iankin, steering west, A~pril 28, in lat. 52 H., long, HIGH WATER AT LONDOR-BRIDGE THIS DAY. Mornin g.... I min. after 8 i Aftemoon ........ 2n min. after 5
[Advertisem ent.3-" Memoirs of the Cout of the 'Regency, from Original FamilyDocuments-" Bythe Duke of Eacking. ham andChandos. KG.: 2votLs, justpublished. "Herearetwomora goodly volumes on the English Conrt-volumes full of new sayings, pictumr, anecdotes, and scenes. The Duke of Buckingham travels over nine Years of English his'ory; but what years those were from 1611 to 1S20! Wbat events. at home and abroad, they bore to tha r&atbourne! On many parts of this story the documents publishesZ by the Dnke of B-ckingham ea.tnew jets of light, clearingup muhrk secret history; old stories are confirmed, new traits of character are brought ont-in short, many now and pleasant additions are made to our knowledge of those tim n-s-Atheneman. 'Invaluable as showing the true light iu vwich many of the stirring events of the regency ara tobe liecwed."-Littcrary Gazette. Hurst and3Bilackett, publisbers, 13, Great Mfarlborough-street. [Advertisement.]-"The first number of the 'IPare Chronidle' has just appeared, and, fully realized. the anticipatirin irhich had been formed concerning it. The prevailing subjects of gossip in Panis are treated. in a light and piquant style inthe 'Tak o£ the Town.' wile to the more serious reader the artEces4 o' *Tagics: and hion,' with that on the 'idder TrWaures of Pari ll' wiU prove most attractive. Literature, the drama, ad conerts, with able criticiams on each, complete the attrcona of a jonal evidentLy destined to great succe. The engravingofthe fashionsislrtrate' -Ganal i' Messenger. Published by . Hartwick, 18, HueViT . enne, aris; londonm Ifessrs. W. Kent and O., Paternoster-row. [Advertisement.]-" MIidshipman EaT,' by Caai Marryat, yrice Is. 6dL, isunow eady ; andwven it t5knosnthat "Feter SimTle" and" The King's Own" bythe same author. AlbertSmi&'s '%irwrioness of Brvilliers" (the poisonerof the17thcentury),anti Maxwell's inimitable "Stories of Waterloo" may he obtained at Is. 6d. each; also the whole of Sir E. Puliver Itton's novels. eadr complete in one volume, at from is. t 2s.. aswlas"The ecaslet l ctte and"}House of Seven Gables," by athorne. Is. each we shouldithlnk that few will fail to possessthemselves of "The . way Iibrary," which now ontains the most celebrated works of the most celebrated authors. Complete lift zratig en applcaton. I14 GWrge IDLUtledge and Co., iningoedistri.
SALES BY AU40TIOVN. p~.PEAxxo~ o. anoune that the FRER. hay alarge per centage. - D- tCt. t * To Dra rwcsHosiers, iSutfittee,, ard Shippers. DROWNand.SON will SELL by AUCTION, at Fiheiftoos, 2. Fore-street, city. an Tuesday wan Wednesday. May20t an 21t,the entire STOCK of Mr.. J. A. Brosne. general draer,Totenburcout-rad;alo a hodelers.and outfittersastock1.20 lts f pimegoos,in good condition,: Freehsold&' MR.TINDAL'E will SELL by AUCTION, at Gar- * ra,way's, on Thurslay Ma 18. at-IL o'clock. TWO FREEHOLD) HOUSES, Wms 25 and 116. ChuM -lase, lImrehouiso, urelucing a rental of £27 1s. per annnm., PartlculAsr many be-lehad of Messrs. Sudlcaw, Tnrr, and-.Co.. eotuitorr. 3g, Bedfordt-row - at Garraway's; and of the Anctiouner Portland-place Comrnerctal-road. Stepney.- Flee Publlc-house. TIR ALI w SELL b,j AUCTION, -at FUEriC-He o6tra 'the LEASE aand 'GOOD)WILL of a FRIEE IP LICHOUSE~calied the Pondergeast Arms, St. Leonari's-rad,4 -lirorlek, lildelesox. doing en exoellent trade: lee.se 60 years; rent £L.0. Condiutions or sale mnay be had -of john Penderceat, Eoq, 37, COO-I O m.Cnmercla]-road ; at Giuasaay's ; and of the auctioneer. CTommerntlowl. Fleporitsan others.L SRS. PROTRUOE and MORIS Will SELL menal lats orbedin. O vew hemorin ofsae. Catalogues hai attheMar, ad o th autioeer. Asercannursery, Leytou- Sori'Y.-TWO Te7dry iel Freehold Ilceadenees. on the South- Weten Liine. niear WeYbridze ; and Plots o f-Buildine Land. RJO-WDAWSON,iwill SEL-L -by AUCTION, paricuarsma hebad ae ft fr te esrediteoccupation of famnilies - o th fist espctailty,andmaybe reaedfor prirately. IPlans of the and ill horly h reay. nd my bead n plicati'n atl1r. Tin-sn'sofice, rlbrogh.haber, 5. al-mal,and Kingston, --.LL SEL byATOTON.at the Ma-it, oanTburads,y. May15, at 1A in twO lots, a conmvenient RESMDENCE called Swaitlsse, nSwn pIece. Old Kerit-road,let onle.aseto Mr Geo. Clark,at £18 per annm anESx small Housea, called Swan-buDidns immdiately ntera of the above, let to wesily-tenants, and producing anua'Ully £70 4s. The wholeisheldloesatrosofl.9years at a ground reant f £15 per Iannum. Maiy be viewed, And( particulars had of 'T. J. Poord. e. soliitor, P`inners'-hxl,. vld. Broad-street; and of -Mr. Quallett, ine-. tibrieer. 10. New Bond-street, -A Coleetlenof carstal icure el yteatmses MR. GEO, ROBI'NSON.Wwiil SELL,.atbhis Room;, Ii 2. Old B3ord-street, onk Thursday, Play.15, at I punctually, a COLLECTION of P.ICTMRE&. whichx Includes very good speciroan% by tho undermoentioned artiste :- Titian Ostade timibranoit Sir J. Reynolds RubenA 1e Witt P. de Hooghes Wilson Claude Moucheron: Greece Mrorlandl Vandyke Jan fteen OsAtaee - Tboteon Bronzino Ho0ridekoeter Pouscin- Rtethbone. kc, Alsio 40 very clever copims bya. highly talente artist, after celebrated pictures in the Lonsro National and other Galleries May be riewed and catalogues bad. Gordon ause-Ca, Pttalttauaehold Farniture and BiTects. 'MESRS. PEARSALL iandJORDEN wvill SELL Wby AUCTION, on the Premises 4k, Gron.eou-nare, on wednesdi.' May 21. at 12 for 1. the excellent modern FURNrITURE ad E FECTS. comfprising a drawing room suite in damask, with loo aan'd occalonl.thle. cimny gasss, roselaridother-carpets. a mahoganydinng oomsie, bokcses wadroes,easbcairs and couchea, fou-pet ad oherbedteds,chet, f dawes,wahshtanes andI .Sale this day.-No. 69, %Ztneen-street (tw-o doors from New Cannon-r street, uity).-A lare assemblage of elegant Household FUrniture axid numerosis rnlableEffeccts, &c. (a Portion by crder of thei Sheriff)," -together with anotherlProperty, tolbe s.old without-reserve,- - -I 1%R.-LBWIS 7oegs to ,annouiico 7b wltl SELL by IyI AUCTION, at the wareroonms as above. This day. lTuriesayj) aLt 12 punctually, the whole of, the costlY CONTEUNTS of TWO large RESIlDENCES nearly new, susted tofaninses -nod otisers furnishing C'atalngues may be had on the premises and of the uuctioneer, 13. Foro-l -street, city. also of Messrs. rooock, Clark, and Newton, solicitors, Great St. Helen's, and of else heHrs5'coflice~r,13, Bell-alley. - . The Exchequer Coffeehouse and Fendall'a IQtetl.elug 1. New Faaaoa- yard. 32.Perliaments-sreet. and-14 anuS5.B Bdg-treetWas=mnt. MIESSRS. NVARLTERS a11d LVJYb~ Announce they are Instrrcted-to offryACI tOr raway`s,on Tuesday, MaY 20. at 12. h, ES, the tebnfcal Trade anid POSereeonX Of the alsovo Well-know adihyrsetable HOTEL and TAVERN, wIhich has for year commaded mo t l - tiverad. I is rragedwith every convenience and el aelapted havng oretha 30bedrooms, eight or more sitting- rooms, coffee room&c.Itiseldoratrcat eightyears at alowient. P1arlicri tarsmay elie of essr. Trhemeand-'White, solicitors, 13. Bargeyardchaber,Bukleahriy~adoftheesitionrc-erm 55. (Ihanoerv Ian,,O-i Vew.-4o 48. Margaret-gtreet, Cavendish-squsre. -Modexn Fur- nire 82!-octave Cottasge Piantoftrte. and otherEffecta. - lJrR. ROBERT REID will SELL, on the P'remises, .Y.To-morrow. May 14, at P2, ViIltNTURE, oDmprisitng win-' dowcurain, diawig romculs o cochand chairs. rosewonod ba arelofatabls, arbe-to pir tale nd ab~Inets with plate glues stead,uexcllen bdding mafbogaoy oardro, b*umed chambe s-i ~USSRS. PAREBROTHER, CLARYL amnl L"YmE -MA.Will SELL- aLt - thle Iteoms. 21. Old; Bond-street,. To-snorr-ow; May thu 14th, at 12 for 1, by direction i;f the Prolizistor, a CELlARt u~ bou 30 doen-f coic WT'ES Qopeiira -Porta of'the b-e.e bestd rntege o 185, 144.and SILendsome exceedingly old aridl choce.Clretof15I,125,830184,141 184,andl&KS several dozenst -Roterhlho,--ToTimiber Merchants, ;BteandV B tbeiilders, and - - - - ~~~~others. - IFGES will SELL' by -AUCTION, on LYE.Thurday,May15. atl2.incoo.*queuceof the isueb6r of latp. On he remse, nar heChina-hall. Lower-Voa,l) Rotherhithe, exten- sieLingLeandqurebua,ir deint(,C-pamb.erwell pairs oinwhels,nan fR. 'EWINS WMl SELL by AUCTION, at the ,LJ, Mart, on TuedayV. May20, -at 12,in thron lots, tie above. oen-: 'pricing four brIclc-builtreailences, situato in York-place,- Barnbabry, Producing arentet of £90per annuim.eta Arudrn f-iLhl o a term of 70 Years; a pair of semi-detaciled.oottages, situate in Den mnark-etreet, Camber% eli, producing a rental of ze11 per aununu, at a-.- ground-ant of ~9. held for aterm of,O4yeuars -wo cottages,situate in Mootpelhier-terrace, Wellington-road, Kig,lerd, producing a rental -of £40 Per annum, at a- ground- rent of £4. held fer atomi nif 54 Years Particulars and conditions of sale may be had atV the Aiction Mart:- at -the Fasther Red Cap Tavern Caimberwell-green :and of the auctioneer, 15. HIghi-s. Isilngton, and 4, Wellesley Villas, West.green. Tottenhan lIn the Vicinity of Leauti,Wriklie ~f!SRS R. EL SMIT andI SON will submit for SALEby AUCrION, at the Crown Hotel, Leasninr1n,L on ThursdaY next, May15.'at lo in lots,s,very rAluable little FREIslOLD and TrITHE-FliEE FARM, with & good Homnestead and respectable PubIlionhose attched.inthe occupation of MY.Tarner.as yearly tenants also a fine wood of abOut nS am'e,& stored with Oak timber, in, hand: and licdcwn -- Itehilngton -w ood lefaiousk fox `cover).; 3also several doinchied Closes of Messmuw and Arable Land, part eligibl for building. Rugy. artculrs,wit plns,maybe ad t -heCrown Hotel. Richmod, Snrey.-Tha icboend3 'wIn ns and Public-heu-ser - -Inconsquene ofthis est%te no stgsold as an entirety on tee ~JfR PIG OTTis instructe'd oy?the 2!rorgage, ~LV.unde powr ofsiale, to-offeritforab5oluteSALE nsepsreat;e lots,n athkclnleat ora o nfTesayt June 17. Particulars M1e%ns T&ickard and Sr,soliios5 rw-or,0- ra-tet .of W-AiasaSmythe, Eat,, solict, II, er-stret iclnsii;o Meas,rs J. and C. Allen, soliios 7 alsestetSh feeer LTonks, Ha3llowes, an Prc.slctr,9.Bdr-ow:fTma Hayter Lewis, REsq. aciet9Jh-te,AepiLndon : and of M.igo,aucene,iue,adettagn,Georgo-street, 1IrR. AIN -Copybeld,Tikn'n by the N is instr-utid to SL yA C IN by th Trustoes, at the-KngsHead, Twiceia,TI Ai Mtay. 13, at 2 for 3, aL sebeishti wel.uitRESIDNE ngo e pair, situateand beingNo~ 8, Syonro, Tiknbm onann"e-h rooms, Washi-house, sused garden, st -prsn-on ln,bto h ~i mastedannual value ofX£25. Itisacopyhaid ofthe manrof Islewori Syon. and eubject onlyto a fne ofEd. ubpon death or alenatioD, andsa herioetof-fid. upon death. It icconsequeotly nearly equal to freehold. MaY be viewEd, Pasrticular and conditions of sale bad of Mr. Peachey, solicitor., .17, Salisbnay-oquare, Fleet-street; and at the auction offices King-street, Riolhmond.- - Loisg Lessehold Estates, Lessesues-beth. Erith, Xent, within 10 iluinutee' walk of the Abbey-wood Station,. Bear to Zdevidere-prik and tho new church, . ~E- T. DANX wil SELL 'by AUCTION, at thei JTI.Auction Mast, onTh rda,May 22, at 1 (unlesepreriously die- ~~bypriv ate ontractm), TWO gubetanttally-built semi-detacebd ofna lvation, in a healthY locality and an exceedingly improing eighburhod, each containinig a handsome entrance ball - duing nd beakfst ooms, and lauge drawing roomn, four capita be s-atna kiche, ad bck idtchen. - The- property ig -enclosed-witha a nea ion aiin, achrtremove from the -hugh road, and a capital arsnthrea, a te estimated value of £S45 per annum acch: *belfor a trm otOrars at asmall groundrient ; two neat Cott,oge ReAldenoes, at Beadon-well, Erith, each containing entrance hall, par-)our.-kiteben. -back kitchen. and tbree good, bed roams, Attied up wijth syoycnveieue,an atth esimtedret f4£2 per annum eachboldfora unepire tem of9~ yars.Maybe viewred onriaplicj- Wes-ern d Uayspro tosh alres or Mr.C eadle, hrouse, aget, fourih atro thOrinamepal nsinther Ineighbourhood: ofarau Mess, Cofb Otand'sBurn, andmmuneyors exrgte-streetndthelAuction v art, Londhsron;undiof -souintry offering a rite seldom equZilled for a mansion or villas. ]IjjR DOD is insructd b .the 31sort~gagees to iLL y ACTIO atthe art onWednesda, June18, at 12,-inon lo, 8 aresofLAN, itutein Oatlandb-prk, having frotags o te suthandwet t Oalao'eDrive andV ale, both exoelnt oas, ndski-td o te nrthbytheBradwte Lie.about fouracre ofwhic beong o te prpery. Te suth drtOn f the raudi cutiate a gade, te eorliparlaarkliie,an diieed Fz-qmthe eleatedpogztion oftheland,whichslopesiothelake, them areextensiTve sews of the-surroundmzn counter andrivrerThamnes. and tewhole is beautifully timbered with cedars and puirple beaches of larg growth, Scotch firs, andl other choice trees; there is also ari ornamoental ruin of a Roman temple, An a site faemansion ord1ilas thIs =aesiycnnntbearypased; the drynessof thesoi, supply ofwate~r, ~eny f te cenry dstance from town,and railway acconnodation combine torender it pecuIar lyeligible, confirmed by the increoe of buUfidng of a superior clarm in the-locality. - Particulars and conditions Of 5ele, with plans,% may be had at the- rinciPlI inns at Walton and Weybrdge ;ofrMessre irritton and aVe, Town-ball. Bethnsa-green ; at teMrt ;ar-d of MEr. Dodd, surveyor, &c., 18, New Broad-street,city. %t2 Helen'g Coal Field, South IAncaslsire.-To Capitalists, Public, COmPanies CoaLl Mom-chants, and otamhr-Most important and .7alnabIe Freeboild MineraL P1ropert. extendaing un2derm.wrds of 21l00 acres of land, with the Manrialllih4 te of tIseniete hip Of Sutton. E,r. CAPES baa receivedl instractions from the LU Propoetorf to Offer for Public -S&ALE at the Clarendon Rooms, South John-street, lAverpool, on Friday, the 30th day of M4ay instant, at I O'clock, In two -Iota, all these extensive and exceedtingly vslusblAe NMThES ot COALIand otber WMINERAL, lYing under upwards of 1,180 acres of land,. in the township11 of Sutton, near St. Helen's, together with the M1anor or Lordship of. Sutton, and the -Manurial Rights of the entire. Towuship, extending over 3,7215 acres. TnssevaluaLble minesamrierich ns-eU-knownveinsand sansaof coDl, aSd adjoin the raidiy-increaain -town-of St. Helen',& with its xx nd,urh-W~teiiRaila;y, wan the St. Helen's Canal anad ]tailway, intersect theLdistrict, affordilng direct and rapid Mean of transit to the ports of Lirexpool and Runcorn, the iLTaer blersy, anid- the docks at Garstont and Birkenhead. M essrs Bourneg and Roblnson are naw worlringsalprino h mlne&at a inim m enUal rental of- £60.- The Itushy-park Mfine. the tlUgber and Lower RsTeolhead Delfs,-the BsioWn Mint, the St. Helen's Maims Delf. the Four-foot M1ine, the Cannel Nine. and the Bertonheud. Main DeA hav, been proved to exist in this important coalfolakL lsdependently of Oxatng colieries, there are several eligible sites or-the etbLih)ment ofnew works, Th64 mpotnteuse of the coalfield, itssAdvaniegeout Position,.and the aliaost unqualledfacilitiesgo transit, rehder this Mineral dIstrict eminuently 'de.erTing the attention Bt~ jvbn'e- rdAgcl.tow.n, Birxton. Surney.-A Lotig Lvas-eold de thebed 'Villa ±tesde110e, held for a termn of 257e*ir unexpired, at the low grudreto I4 l.. per annum. MIt ERIANTis instructed to SIELLby AUCTION. LIZ. Gacrway', onThursday. -M&y 22. at I12. exoeelent, wellbuil LOG LASEOLDVILLA -REMLENCE. sfituate in St. Johc',e-oadBrixon:of the anmovl vahie of £65;-bheld for asar tE-!o ~y,ataarou rd ent of c8 IlOs. pe,r asrnrr. May be viewed W I%& on T rehs: CTIOJNkrnvat Gram lent LEnnsn rble. 29.L Lobsierel.ct;ardate Mr. T rai tbslue Ol T anddSHOPS.Fituatei grocer and alhousOfsBand Shnd,ng grocert ndlo heemnuerhldnlaefoai luurexlired term ori22 yemars,sa alougeth.My eviwd Printed particuilars lied at s'olicitors. Crooni's-bll crrvc ard tinc.Ears.Biit' aurindTorPrs, -Xennington-row. Kteni-'s auton.psrkes Resdene, eldforssuuexpiredteinr 021 -ears, at the lowrorurd ~,fRBR1A T is instructed to SELL bv AJC-. LVI EIN,at Grrawy'son Thuralay, Mnay ±2:, at 12. c viIainl,e LAdIlIOL FA ILY REfSEDE,NCE-. smtna azid being No. 13, '1"now iD the Occupation of a respect-nuim. fldon C&-for an unexpired tcrna of 21 ear, t te ow rond rent of £410, i.erannuma, 'May heviewved byleve.PrItedpartculrs a t SrrUawY`S : Of IV. IL W,aMeve. Eaq. soicior, 4, arl-Icu, oty:andat MNr. rilint's auction crimes, Premses laelyoccpied as a ieersho), and also a. Leasehold Ground lUT. lRIAT 'ill SELL by AUCTION at C3ar,LtLrawy'e, onthrsdy. any 221. at 12, an excelleit LEISl?HOiLf copie DWEUNG [OU~SE arnd P'l5"MIsiEs, stuate and being41. Vasxhal tret, L'rneth; and, also a L,,,sehold Grounid Rtent of £4 lOs yer anum aply secured orn premisses in tihe rear olf 'he above propely: eld o leae for an lunex"iiredk tem of 329 years at.a g, orurd reirto th whle f 10 lOs Per annumn. Mlaybe viewed. Printed Paricuarshadat arrwnys- f G Isnir za4.oitor, 2, ClirlourI'sinn an a Mr Bian's uci~,-ofics, uningouRow Knuington- andSho, eldforanunexpiredt term of 3year., aLt the low ground. 1%JfR.RTANTis instruicted by the Executors Jo iLL SEL by AIOTION.at Garraw*ylL,on Thurs-dayv. TilaY 22 at 12.a dsiabl deac edItASE1IOLD EIMDENCE and 5110?.- ajirte a tiper Tlsehffl, lirixton-hill, let en h-Aae to Mr. Tjrena_ man,carpnterand uiler. ait t-he very low and iznArnvuate rent of eli pr arrni wbchleasewill shoctlyenxlrire). cardblOdlor a terof 23 ess t he ai ~td rent of£3 4a. perannum, jitaybe view-l era -a'd-of Masses. ,fenkinsoin . tseatl. aJetlinon soictos 29. Lonrubard-vtreet, ci:ty; andatIldr. Thin~ actin ffces Ierninio-cw.Keurin ton-park. 'jR.C. GARDINEit will SELIL by AUCTION, iLLat G1rcawa3y's,onuThursFlay. Mnay 22. at 2. nalesan acceirtable offer he Previouily radbyritecuic.tr eyaaleL&S wit imedite ossssin,of the BUILDERS' ARItIS. Rust-ra1ll ret s aw My e iwed andpetrl E-L obtane on CTheIOeNia- iLL arr-e-a's.on Thursday, Mlay 22, at12 (unless aur acrcitable clifer he previourl made by Private contruct), by direction Of Mrs PinneIlL after a sucecesafat occupaition of pearly 20 !waert. the- LEAS,%l; direct from the Mer-eof Ccompsan Oif theiIEAON'AtrS SRI L-ong-Race, long -known as one of the best rand most lucrativei-sIn.blishmneuts of its iot: the nsghbrrurlisordbyrehich itis arimrnoded and other local advantages cannot~, fail to ensure a contienjmaco of its trade. The Premises a-re very compDact, and he-re recently had a iar-go sum13udiciously eXPendedOn thtm. May. be 'viewed, ind leriliculars obtainedonmthe Prera.r.s; it Garrawoy3s: the Oorn Xlfxbuige.coffeebonnes Mark-lane; and at the auctioneer's offices, 17. Hatino-gardler. M.C. GADNRwl EL by AUCTIONq, at AvZ.-Gsrnays, on Thtusday,.May22, at l2,(uilessan aacecirtble Offer be previously mnade by- private contractj) by order of the Proprietor.-who is retiri g from the birsiness, after miany yetar surtwrul.sf0 'ecPatlon, the valuble LEASR. at a nonmdosua rent, of thlie TYbSIfIe A-P-NS. Situate in the Ifigh-road, at 11alton, hetwveen iugsland and EHackney, and long known air one of thte best and meet respectaible suburban propertes of ita hind. It bes an excellent bar and prrlontr trridebiliaedre tap room. statlinug, and good gardfen, is surroarided. bya nm nserl& bourheer and inthe hands of anactive and intel-ligeat mnas of businescsainut fail to conurad a very large andprodltahie, trde. luty be view~ ad partisalari obtained on the pro- rinse; at GarrawaY's- at theC en Exchange Coltcehouue, Mark-lane; Slid at the auctionset "I ees, 17. Itatton-gaprden. T urhCoulnrttees6 Proprietors of Music Hells Contert Rtooms, and others. IL1R C. GARINBIER will SELL by AUCTION, at .svZGarraway's, on Thursisy, M.ay29, unlessprcvi'iunly diejrovedof by-p,rivate-conttract,.theA.POILLONICON,telretraciia ra in 'the 'world. The appointmrents by manZuals afford as'portursity ef ilhistration by five performiers, or of 'indfividuaI pnerfr,ruancs by malnual or cilimudrical errarugemnents. it ever haa been, aud !P. the we-inter of the age as recards its :nechauimal power, while for mnelody, and general lI5 ity it stands alone, permitting econeomy, if requisite, in its porfortimance and capp,hility i I representing, by ba=-els alone,. th, cs-asoiled breauty'aud variety of the fullest appointed orcheestma It ill he sold reQafOlem of its en'rrunur ort.in,i cost. MAY be se-en at Incsr. t11 andI Son's organ manufactory, 12. Trittenhaml-curtNlew'read. of wlir,m cv6,3, particular nray bebart : al.o of tIre auctioneer. 17, Hlatton-warilen. 1n lianukrr,tcyTo JT.wellers WatchumaiLnva, andute, ME SRS. TDVSad U SO Eaeinstructed. Aitl.hythe Assignees of hlr. J. Edwardls, to SEErL by AUCTIOIV. at thri Roomns, Ifigh-street. Southiarrijton, on Tuesday, May 20.a 11 'forI2 eriecisely, tirewhole of the excellent STOCK of WATCHES rind CLOCKS, com:prising 3 groid and silver watches- 24 bracket , hall. Ameiecan, and long case clocke, a vealua'll assortment of jewdllery. in !g4ld and silver -chains, rings,. 1-reaches, pencil Ce.ses, struml, prins. 'wach era sels;abea sirsl, ut ellseected, stockcof cilv, r and -d cruet falrupnac, naTdeAsl urs,tue rakbecar ~~~~ w~~Dring, a qurrtiy o r,euaer'mtras anM lsElSScRuS eDAecS. :ybeved rc J ie day prbe&ig toal,u-i .tnec unce.otaine onthey pLenstrised; oy Wilie Belln, P3 of leatcs.- Stiahng'.AmPauld5= Mergate'sre,i and wtthconcuthenactoeer 6of Mark=-N to SE'LLons ACIN,doteMrtnodo n .ay . Me2ere, imtraant and Co' irrsetolrETATE, -ToheAs AhursiLtrt, nearx Dhrerig foDrkn,Surrey. Teetti MESSRS.DAVIS ade&JeHndS otionE bree to, ran,LLL cunc tha the ar fisructoaedbytheadssigne ofDs rLblnsarra 12,-the faliBbltre foi:tenorthandAsfust, otherMn traani delghf rllysitateinaproatchcdbyran coun try,in oabou fiv mlesfrm Lism. ndthrearom Dening,PU Surrenzy, The esxTat ~~~~~~~~s ais odi a nirgonlie aree frirmgretf cnnser~ tlemail's stdy, homestexiea ds in most M rudl.irnstands upo t e lbrowyo a t shltered from the nrth and rasm, and,a lotheacomdthosafredo areti 4 Office re of audee,tcomnir chamiv. racter, andcnan every appointment requisite f,rnrnubltcneau'sXr.rgeetiemat.'as± ath rear of the domaestic ofliecs are tire stabling, coachhouses, launry andotber out-offies, The ladies' consernrfo,y opens upon,~the dower gren, beautlifnily lad out in parterres and ter,,aecs. comrnanding mosz extensive and delighitful views over this picturesque portign orSurcrey, Thiere areailso or-,ngeriesnarid raperites, anda tro-. ductivelkitchecn-garden. Tho whole of the pro4erry isinahand, nd is. like iO4r of the neighbouring estates, farmed omasnentally by the prolxiretor. Particula-rsare in course of jrrepratsr, aot,ldnd my he btaiined by irpplication to William Sell, Esq. orlcial aiigrvee 3. Colemanstrsot-lruildings: of 5. T. Cbolmey, 13ts,, solicitor.-5, I.omb Conduzitplace; of Mesises Lawrence, Plews. andL loyer.asolicitcm, 14, Old Jewrmychambers, Landlon;, of G. Carter Morrison. EN_. solicitor, Reigate; at the Mart; and of the auctioneers 68 Mark-lane. Lonidon.' ThekFumiiture arid Effcts of Ashuri tin-siss,. ~ NF&JSSRS. DAVIS ad JoHNSTON,E lhave been iuntmcted 1y the Assignees of MNesses. Stridhan and Co. to BELL, byAUCTION, on the premiises, on Mnonday.J rimue 23. ann following days, at 11 for 12. ekh stay, thke costly APPIlOiT.MIlINTii of SIr. Stra'nan's country resdene, copisn lire conil-leteelrpnnso 24 principal and sreco'ndarmy -'chariuriers:-Inalregarry dicing riseru and dravingroom snites,elatDroate carv-ings inwoDd,byRoge~rs.for the indies boudoir, slate bMiard table, va1uxblvh&lelolck, Bru%rsseiss.td velv et carpeting-, darea.s aod chintz drapries,brilliant plate chimney wand 14icr glesies, -'atiraXie painrtings an wtr caloar drawings, an extenrive librry f coic boks,sidboad o moernplate, Stas'es arid lIreseen chia, ichcutglas, ellr o exellnt indthe fittings of domestlo offces ht-hus plnt, ad ilsdlansaseffeets Inay be vielwed thre-das pegedng ale bycataogus, s, achi, to he obtained of tVriam ell Re.. ffical essgne, 3 Coemani-ctrert-bntidinins; of Messs. a-ersur, Pews,andBoyr. slictor,1. Old ,lcwrych - hers Lonon; t te Whte Hrse Doring;andof the auctioneens, Six genteel Residences, for occupatiion o-r investmrent, E,1ward'-zrrare, Caloonin-raul,Islington. hfIt . WARTON is directed lby the Inortzzagees to WL,SELL'by AUCT ION, at thebIntet, on WVednesday. June 4 at 12. in sirelots, SLX private RESIDENCES, dcstrably situate. in the healthful and improved locality of Culedonian-roadi. rand beling respestivelyios.5. 8,9, 10. 16. andl 44. Edwarrd'square, lslimsgtnin; each containing adeommnodation for a small fatuity, and let at rentsof £23 rind £30 er nnu; fur olde byseprat leses for 60 years. from 1&5D, at 10 er nnm ech;an tw hole byrepraele±-Thfreaneedl-,c e Gt er.a 2pron ancnumo z6 each. articulEdars osy h le.hand at th Sb.t t-h ueof iticEdnond.tra~ Caledonisrn-ro ad;ofW. LScgott, lfq,slctor,pward I,nolnsinfiMldsr ofuz GeoreHnrn ts. o gun genion-ourt, Old abroa-te,,rnve POPRT fro AUTIOen,dttedomproved Goneday,Juento £4, a-yar in, Edwad-suar, s. Houa,sesa and 1Shops9, ain 3an Edward-terrace aeonen-. d lo ingpateof 1'JIe C . W,aianrd. Tud hiar bhee pincplStautidob oftheCroatJLortheesPuto SELLn the abovltte M'RrkEttTb AheTIN mnt theoiv ,rcipita flodelnd-ortse winthe octractive sops mrost religblly sit-na te o ren, ta, sanudtl to22 bnd.2l adIO redward-terraice,uoring-as part ofl able ReverAoree for about 60 years after the ex;nirstion of the maid leases,and holden direct from tire freeholder for -l years,. at seplarate ground weots for each heruse. Time Improved Gminnd Rents oif £54 a-year are amply soearentby 16G ouoses in Edtward'aqu arm. of the annmnin hue viewed by perramioinn of tIre tenantg. an'd prticelane had at the Inat tthe Duke of Michiriond, Csledoniinn.roasl; Snutlon -Arans, William-street; of VGeorge Hensmau, E,'q., solicitor. il5. College-hill. city; and oMrl. C. Wartorn,7, Uidnrl-eourt,, Old Bread-street(removed. from Tireadneedle-street). Rathbone-rtlaco, Oxford'street. MRGEO. RICHARDS 'sill,SBLL by AUCTION, Mathbsxmet Rooms. THfIS DAZY, at6, sat assembla-ge or modern HOUSkResID) FIfF.ITUItE, onisutinK of Araby,aiiandTour-pDoet bedteas, oos fethr bde midbedlin. uahogiurry stud japanned chamer nmeuitre.chets f dawes, ahoanylea and dining rabIes. Brusel an oter arpts,sofs, ouces,set ofchairs. large -chimr-ey pIertabes,marle tps,riht-nta,cactiaand oocas-otav pinofrte Dr Arot swatter-bed, &dc, O * 0cehl Building LaN-Dgnu.aro~rwi.n4 -1,1I. BARNES (of Birchin-lhnc) '-is-M SELL by ,LJ.AUCTION at the Mart, To-mnorrow May j4th1. at 12 (by oed~r cf the NMortgaccFj, in iot-, peremptorily, MYIV l'I.OTS of IREEHOLD.1 BU I)ING,I.LND. adpted for six and cightroomavel hoz-e-e: ceminrisioa all the remains unsold of the Dagrrsll's-mrarl: Yfeine, ritoate fronting Daguail'a-greve, half a mnile from tire Jolly' Satilor St'ation. NOrwood, being on3 thle road from liorwood to Crvu doe, a de'Hg-}tful dryaudhbealtby sot,.near the hawlnet, exonerated from lamud-taxandi tithe, atclr,wt ln,myeobandateinlu-n n5 Jolly Sailor,-Norwood ; Graylound, Croydon; &nd of SIr, Barnes, It. Itirchin-lane LoDmbard-street. Mertgoucrahi-e,Very superior arnd imnp3roraut Freeolof EtatLs. itaein the seTrcrjs parishon Of Kery, Chlmrrehtotc. and C.st1la CaOeinorr prdocnga rental of £707 per annirun, and comprising akbove 17 cefmon exoellent land.i ~'HITEAEAisintrcted to SELL, by AUCINITION. at the Itoyal Oak Hote. Welsh I in said counnty, ono the 2tth day of Masy next, at 4, the wheReof eeal*ve USTATES. in direlot&. The esftatesareocompact aLnd lt to resqonsible tenan'Ls at very lowxente: trays a mnost luxuriant growt'h of Utimbe and copaice-woodt thereon; are situate in theemost fertile and picturos-que larva of the county or Montgomery. and lewithin a ceuvculent ditanecfrrm lime and coaL The Montgonmeryshlro r4nals andI rai1way. 3s, Isw formatIoni) from Welsbpool, throu.,h Shrewrshury and Ome-etry. wrill afford dailycomunicatiocs toalU parts of the kinin-dom, o lesIan'd2 are distant one mil from the borougha to.a of Moutgornerr . sixrol INewton. and eight from Welelmpool: ,and lots 3,4, arid5 -. thin three miles-of-Welshpool. The property is well stocked sith game, and ls, eligible alike for investanent or for building ton loll1) a n7iegnident rceierre,wthmft'elihtfdadpicgu0vi~Lo'll. cAmpital g-ottage innclmn and landattachecL in the occup,atiumi of. Mr. Coroucllu. Pryce.in theparishes of Kerry and cMurchsto'ke, otaing 47a. In 7u letfor the yearlycent of £400. Lt,M OcynnctmI~ Cewm, in the oocccp4tion of Mr. John Thoines, in the pertini of Kerry. bonairlr~ a.Ic .p..le fr te ealyrent of £7. Lot7., Avluable Tenement, Farm. and Iands, called Moydog CUe,a in the occuipation of Mr. 'Willan Lloy'd, in the parish Off Casia crrcilain, cortarunang 108r- r. X, l,et for thea yearly rent of £80. L,ot 4, A31eusuage. Farm. TAfiTs; called Momydog- Favwr and Facb, In thre occupation of3r Rik-sd Rtobinroun in the :~px of Qpcrti Ca-etlnon conitammig 14S, or.26p_, jetforthe yarlyremtt of £120. -L,,i5. A.wser~ - T"ltuVbl and ilompotiat Mriesoaga orTcnement,FrndmLards,callsd Welshool;m~,j avie, ~sc,, Foodva&I,lnwio ; a--d Messrs.
