DEATHS. In.rune, 1i55, Axthur Montsaga Wells, MN., youngest son of the late NatILniel Wells, of ritrceefeld, Monmoutbshlre, Mate of H.BLS. Kerbudda, supposed to have foundered at sea, off the soath coast of Africa. Ou the StIr inst.. at Madie"s, Fzances Bigge, youngest and last surTivinca daughter of the late Thoma g,anway Siggen, l sq. On the 13th inst.. at S3. Upper East Smithfield, John Gowans Egq., 2 ava; Iftr5uctor, 1t., 4aged48,leainga widow. Heewasmuchrespectcd by his friends. On "be 16th ins.. in London,Jane, third daughterof the late Richard T'zest4m, Esq.. Q.C., in the 49th year of her age. On -.he 16th inst., at Northerwood, near Iymdhurst, Ms TFlteney, in the 88thL year of her age. On fte 16th int., at57 Cate-street, Edinburgh, the Hon. Augusta Anne Xarkenzie. fifth daughter of the late Francis. lord Saoreth OnSunday, the 6th inst., at HM Top, near Kendal, the residence of ker brother, 3iiss3MaryFleming, of Broughton View.inear Manchester, only daughter of the late Thomas Fleming. Esq, of Manchester. On the 16th Dist., at the residence of her father. of cohnsm tin oftera long illness, Anne, eldest surviving daughter of Jamesa Esq., 'oarrister, aged 14 years. On the 18th inst., at Heath Cottage, Bath-road, Hounslow, Mye3 Sophini Robinson, aged 75. On ie5ethin5st., a end Es, Sarah. widow of the la earAdmiral dRiagha,of Grove House,L pymisge.Hts.an daughtter of the a e 82. On te 7tis wife of John of the lt nhn oe,Eq fCme-odVla,ae 0 ontheitinst., at his residence. 47, Upper Albany-street. Regent'span;z- Cati Charles Chazaberlsyne Irvine. R-N.. in his 85thL year. On ithe 18th inst., Mms Mary Anim Laurie, wife of Richd.i Holmes lauirie., Esq.. Eleet-street, aged 50. On -:be 15thi inst., at his residence in Noel-street, Islingon, Mr. Aleramider Bowen Hopkins, aged 61, deeplylamnentedby his family and *friendii, On !imesday, 18th inst., at the house of his soni-in-law, the Laurels, Edgbamton. near Birmingham, John Williams. of the Friary, Handsworth, Stafrordshire, EDA., in the 60th year of his age. On tielSth inst., at Kensington. at an advanced age, and mluch yes"ecdcl Mary Giornovichi, daughter of the late Giornovichij, the vmloliIiEt. aN
FO TURNERS. ond others.-STEA3 POW`ER- to - be LET. Apply at the Sun sa-. mills, Canal-road, Kingland. I sd. 711 CORNDEALERS.-A genuine lucrative CON- I T5O 03Rh for DISPOS a afewm ilesfromtown. Apply to utler, Wirliamson, and Co.. 30. Great St. Helen's CST. JAME 's.-To be LET, mnfurnished, No. 27, DU-STEEE3, containing I2cpital ruoms, a portion of them fang Piccadilly. The whole recently repaired and handsomely decorated. There are three wte-closets, and water laid on four floors. As lte,sof apartments for noblemen and gentlemen thc house is Admib daptc. Apply at Jackson and Graham's, 35, 37, and 38, Oxford. mseet. O XFORD-STREET.-A corner SHOP in a C-ol.- manding situation, about 60 feet deep, with goca return, platealsas front. and excellent residential accommodation. The rasidue of k?ase, ea to be d?posed of. Apply atJackson and Graham's,35, 37, ancd &0xford-street. O XFOIW-STREET.-Capital BUSINESS PRE- stiTs.S situate in the best part ot this first-class busineas thosoughfare. comprsing an excellent shop, with attractive double plateglass front, elegant showr room on first dloor, and superior residential accommodation: *he whole of recent and substantial erection. For atlars apply at Jackson and Graham's, house agency department, S7' and 3S, Oxcford-street. lI1 AYFAIR.-To be LET for the season or longer a clean comfortable FURNIShED RESIDENCE, weU adapted for a moderate-sized gentleman's family. Aipply at Jackson and Graham's, house agency department, 35. 37. and Oxford-etreet. H YDE-PARK-GARDENS.-One of these superior SM]-oANSIONS to be LET, handsomely Furnished. for the season or Ionger, with excellent stabling. A p at Jackson and Graham's, house agency department, 35, 37. and 35 Oxford-street. H YDE-PARK-SQUARE.-To be LET, or SOLD, ooeofthesecapieitalRESIDENCES, withexceUentstablng. Apply at Jackson and Graham's, house agency department, 35, 37, and 3S, Oxford-sreet. N EAR liENSINGTONf-GA2DENS.-Am excellent 1 detached IEIDENCE.with forecourt,twvocarriage entrancea,and large garden. to be LET, well Furnished, at a moderate rent. Itmnakes np 15 or 16 beds, and has five or six geod reception rooms, hanlsoom- entrancehal.excellentdomesticoffices; and goodstabling. Apply at Jackson and Graha'2,. 35. 37, and 3S. Oxford-ret. QSTANHOPE-PLACE, near the Marble Arch, and h_ baving a partial view of the park-A clean well FURN-IS1LE D gentleman's RESIDENCE to be L1h ETfor four, five, or six months; containing six bed rooms (seven beds). dressing room, four reception rooms, gentleman's dresangroom. consen-atosy. &e. Apply at Jaciaon and Graham's, house agency department, 37 and 3 Oxford-strect. 1)IUSSELL-SQUARE.-One of the best and most 1L . convenient HOUSES in this square to be LET, unfurnished. vwth the option to the tenant of purchasing the whole or a portion of the excellent Furniture, or to a desirable tenant it would be let for three or more years, furmished. Terms moderate. Apply at Jackson and Graham s, house agency department, 35.37, and 38, Oxford-street. R EGENT's-PARK.-To be LET, unfurnished, an x w excellent FAMILY BESIDESCE, in perfect substantial nnl oma3mentalcondition, pleasantly situate on the north side of the pare; containing eight bed and five reception rooms, with good dome3stic fficee aud attached stabllng in tbe rear. Gas and all modern conveence. Rent only £122. Apply at Jackson and Graham's. house sgency department. 35. 37, and 3$, Oxford-street. HARLES-STREET, close to St. James's-square.- An exceUent RESIDENCE, admirably adapted for a public institution or professional gentleman. The ground floor is fitted up as offices, with plate-glass windows, and there are excellent ga-fitings throughout. Apply at Jackson and Graham's2 house agency department, 37 and35. Oxford-street. EGENT's-PARK.-To be LET, Furnished, the SRu whole or any part of a HOUSE. Dining room, two drawing ssoms, four bed rooms. and coavenient domestic officee. Apply at 23, Mormington-crescent, Regent's-park. rtOTTENHEAL .-To be LET, for £20 er annums, JL genteel RESIDENCES, with parlours communicatmg by foldmin doors, four bed rooms, kitchen, wash-house, &c. Garden front and rear. Apply to lr. Cooper, estate agent, Tottenham-green. XWANDSWORTH-ROAD.-To be LET, an eight- IF T roomed HOUTSE, in thorough repair, switU every convemelnce and a Large garden, at the amaningly low rent of £30 per annum; or, if takren for three years, £28 per annum. Apply to J. T., hMr. Earwi, 63, WatLig-street, city. D UCKS.-To be LET immediately Furnished, a B3 comfortable and pleasandty situate HOUSE: standing in seven acres omeaAow land at Preatwood,nearHighWycombe, Bucks within five minute3' walk of the church. Rent £60 per annum. For al further particulars apply, either by letter or personally, to Mr. Simmond., house agent. Bigh Wycombe, Bucks. DEPTFORD, near the New Railway Station.- TWELVE HOUSES, held on lease for about 'O years; eight Houses, subject to a gromund rent of X3 14s. 4d. ech; and four. at £3 1e. each. Producing £28 each: payable weekly. Price each, £150. Apply to Mir. W. F. Hammond, auctioneer ard surveyor, 3, Careystreet. Lincoln's-inn. SYDENHAM-HILL.-To be LET, or the Lease to be DISPOSED OF. on advantazeous terms, an exceUlent new RESIDENCE, commanding most extensive *iews, and containing every accommodation for a gentleman's family, with go%d garden. coach-house. three-stall stable, &c. Apply to Mlr. Murre , auctioneer, 1, Walbrook. city. YIMBLED ON-COMMON.-To be LET, aVILLA T RESIDENCR newbland beaLtifull fmnished, standmgina large garden with fine trees; an entrance louge, coach-hmose, and fourstal stable. The house contains drawing rooms. d,iun room, and boudoir. 12 bed rooms, housekeeper's room, and offices. bor nartical3r and cards to view apply to hfr. Iahee, house agent, kc, 65, bew Bond-street. (Fe. 315,) BELTRAVIA, 25, Glocester-terrace St. George's. road.-The PRINCIPAL PART of a HOUSE to be LET, tnfurnished. consisting of two lofty drawing rooms, opening into a conservatory. five good bed rooms, with kitchen, scullery, &c. The house is newly finished, has a noble staircase, and portico entrance. To a good tenantthelowrentof£60perannum would be taken. Apply at 15, Sussex-place, Kensington. AITATFORD and BUSHEY, close to the latter sta- T tion.-To be LET, immediately, or the Lease for 19 year to be Sold, 3 comfortable 11-roomed HOUSE. with barn, stage, hen-house, £c. ; large Idtchen and flower garden, with a very fertile meadow in therear. AlsofourCottagesaadjoining,two nowletat-£10 per year; rent for the whole, 50 guineas; or for the lease, £150. Apply to Mr. Elcum, 13, Bedford-row, London. OLLES-STREET, hetween IHanover-s qare and IltCavendishs-square, one of the most cheerful, heal8fd and accevblesit3tins u London.-To be LET. imfurnished (excePt the ground floorJI, a new. and well-built HOUSE, handsomely fiitted up; comprising eight bed rooms, two sitting rooms (folding doors], kitchens, and offices. tSuitable for a private or professional residence, fashionable m;iliner, &tc.-Lahee. 65, xNew Bnd-stroet. (31-SD.) HORNSEY.-To be LET, on LEASE, a capital semi-detached FAMILY RESIDENCE, pleasantly situate on the south side of Alusrelt-hii; containing seven bed chambers, dress ing room, drawing and dining rooms, kitchen, and the usual acoommodations; large gardenu, with lawns, pleasure grounds, coach-house and stabliug. For particulars and orders to view apply to Messr. Psickett and Sons, auctioneers and surveyors, 34, Sonthampton-bulldings, Chancery-lane, and Higbgate, hEiddlesex. iLCHAFFAUSEN, Switzerland.-To SELL or to LET, a Fpretty COUbETRY SEAT, near Schaflausen, with a plendid viewm of the Rhine Fall and the Swiss Alps: containing l3fdrnished rooms, stabling, gardens, &c. This establishment is particularly tnuitable for a family residence from its remarkably beautiful and healhEy situation, silos-dinlg every facility for shooting and fishing. For further particulars apply toA. WinIr, auf derAnlage, Heidelberg, Ger- W ALES.-To be LET, with immediate ossession, TVfroms 2.000 to 6,000 acres of M01J-TMIN and W OOD SHfOOTING and FISHIN;G, with a capitalresidence ; consisting of two sitting and five bed rooms, offices, bath room, and goodfar;n-hnUdings, a pre tty garden, beautifully situate on the banks of the Prsa3, inthe picturesque grounds of Hafed. Any amoent of arabl.e or pasture land. in good condititon, can be had if requird 3?wlpiran is w.ithin 12 mUles of beryotwi'th and 14 hours of london, Por frmther particulars apply toM.Frest, Hafod, Ehyader. IT JOHN's-WOOD-PARK.-To be LET or SOLD c a noble detached first clams FAIMILY VILLA, vith a bold portico entrance, approached by a earringe sweep. with a large garden, tastefully laid out, in the most eligle part of this healthy suburbandistsict, with the advantages and convenience of a town and country reiidence; containing numerous bed and dressing rooms, billard room, and reception rooms, decorated by celebrated artiste, with most coa. Plete domestic arrangements, andfixtures all complete. Particulars on thae premises, 29. St. Johns-wood-park., T INNER Mliddlesex, within 300 yards of the Station.-To be LET or SOLD, several elegant semi-detached VILLA RESIDENCES, most judiciously arranged, and tastefilly decorated, and fit for the immnediate reception of respectable families. cThe roots vary from £10 to £65. which includes a first-class free pass b the North,WesternRBailway to and from London, and the privilege te free edwcahon at Harrow SchooL For partirolam3 apryto Mr. Bird. 38. Edgew;are-road; or to hessrs- Tophs, Son, and Harding, IG, St. Paul's churchyardL ITPHE LYNDFORD-HALL ESTATE, Norfolk,- L TobeSOLD by AUOTION, in the month of May next, at the Auction lart, London, the above valuable FREEHOLD ESTATA the favourite sorting residence of the late Sir Richard Sutton, Best, comprising the a311 and nearly the entire parishes of ILyndford Mundford, and Cranwich, containing upwards of 5.000 acres of land, in a ring fence. together with the advow*on of Mundiford. The estate aboGund3 with game. and has long enjoyed the deserved reputation of being one of the best sporting properties in the kngdom. Particulars will appear in future advertisements. For further information apply at the Sutton Estate offlce, 5, Bolton-street, Piccadily, London; or at Messrs.Veseyand Son's.l andagents, Halton, nearSpilsby, Lincoinshire. 'ILAPHAMA-PARK.-To be SOI) or LET, a de- C tached FAMIlY HOUSE, recontly eroted inthe most substantilI mauner-stone staircase, hal, and passages fireproof; containing. on the ground floor, good entrance hall, dining room 23 by 15 feet, drawing room 23 by 15 teet, with large bay window in three compartments, which makes this room in the widest part 23 byl Ifeet, breakfast room 16by 14 feet; on the first floor, four bed rooms, the largest being 23 by 15 feet; on the second floor, five square and good bed rooms. The house contains three water-closets well supplied with water, Tery superior servants' offlices, and excellent supply of water. The most perfect drainage: a walled garden, laid out and planted. the back looking over fields and Tooting-common. For further particulars apply to blr. Clifton, Clapham-park. IN CHANCERY.-Improv6d! Eeasehold Ground Rents.-Mr. FINIS will SBL bY AUCTION, prsuant to an Order of the ligh Court of Chancery, made in a cause of "Davison v. Barrel4" at Garrawa's Coifechome, Change-aley, Cornhil on Thursday. the 3d day of April. 1S9;, at 12 o'clock. in four tots, LEASEHOlD GuOUin REr TS, amounting to £135 38. per annum, secured upn nmuerous houses, situate in the parishes of St. Giles, Camber-well, and St. MaY. Newing"ton. Surrey, and int the parish of St. Patncras, Mliddiepex. Printed particalars and conditions of vale may be had (gratisn in fM doo~ee.Aus- ood1 Nimsi. solicitors 88, Queen-street,Cep side; of MIr. Kinsey, selicitor, 20, Bloomsbury-square: or A C.ea. auctioneer, 65. Great Rsell-street Bedford-square ; and of Mr. y lor.house agent, Albany-road, Camberwell; at the Red Lion Camber ell-reen;and a theplaoo sale. yTALE'tof AYRON, Cardiganshire.-To be ILEt' Vfrom yeatr to year, antd entered nopon at Miichnelmas, either nufor'ntshed or partly furnished, the FAMlIL,Y RESIDENCE, called Tygly, i th paishof lsudew, berrtl. cntanio enrane hil thre sitin roms,fou be roms,thre atir, to nrse haroms store rom, t i S kitcheii scull rra. ! e h-, water-closets, &c.; detached are hack kitche-and dairy, coach-house and stables, and other ott offices; farm yards aud farm buildings, and atoe-walled garden and orchard, with about 63 acres of meadow and abe land, and 37 of woodland ; also the right of shooting over above 2,000 acres. Hunting and fishing are to be hdin the vicinity. It is four miles distant from the seaport and market town of Aberaywn. The mait coach from Aberystwith to Carmarthen passes within half a . mile. Church service, in English, every Sunday moming, in St. Alban's Chapel which adjoins it. Apply by letter to A T. Davies, 10, Southparade, Clifton, BristoL TFROUGHTON, aiants.-To be SOLD, by Private B Contract. a very desirable- and compact FREEUOIaD PROPERTY, comprising a commodious family residence, latelyoccupied by Wiliiam Steele Torakins, Req., deceased, with gardens, n1eTsure grounds, coach-house, stables, and other outbuildmngs apprsachbysa private road f-om the villa-', and surrounded by abent 12 acres of pasture land, includiny the avwelling-house, garden, and Premises, in the occupation of L, 0. Fox, Esq.; also several cottages, and two very valuable farms, called barfield Farm and Seven-Barrow Farm, with all requisite farm-buildings immediately adjoining, and containing together 41a. 2r. 36P. or thereabouts of arable land. Immediate possession of the house, Pasture land (except about two acres), ,nd Darfeld Farm can be had. Mr. A*sheton Smith's and other foxhounds constantly meet in the immediate neighbourhood of this Property. which is distantabottfour miles fromthe Dunbiidge Station on the South-West. em R al*ay, 12 miles from Salisbury '.nd WVinchester, andnine miles from Andover and Romsey. For furtber Darttculars apply to DIessrs. Rawleurre and Squafey, land agents, Slisbury; or to B. F. Sealey, Esq.. 27. Moorgate-street, london. WINWICIL and YELVERTOFT, Northanmpton- VT shire.-To be SOLD. by Private Contract, a very compact and rnettyundutltatingFREEHlOLD:ESTATE, situate in the parishes of inwick and Yel toft; comupri5inglS0Oacres,¢more or ls, of arable and pasture land"'of the best qualty, writh a very convenient and orally fitted-up cottae residence, suitable either for a smallfamily or hunting-box, being within twom es of the celebrated meet at Crick, with capital out-buildings, the whole oL which have, within the last wo years. been put into excellent condition, at a considerable expense. rho farm. of whch about 103 acres are amable, 72 grass, ard five acres plantation, fill edwith ash and oak of 12years growth, in well Sub divided for ocupation, with a field-arn and yards conveniently Placed :in the centre. The farm has undergone treat improvements in drain. :go andotheralterationsoffarst-cssnature, and the Grand 'Union ;Canal runs through the estate, offering many advantages; it is also well fenced and watered, and beautifully timbered. The parish of Winwvicik is very small, the populatlon, according to the last census, et;nu 164 ' and the rates only nominaL The land in lVinwick parish :-onssot of nearly 144 acres, which is subJect to a seat'charge, under. t is Tithes Commutation Act, of £35 yearly more or less; and landlax amounting to 12 117s. yearly. The land nYelvertoft parish consA&t5o.f l6O3cres. tithe fre, rates very moderate, and land-tax to the isnoent of XI1 &3. lid,. year' The fipportunity qf ouch an investment. sarely offers, and need only~e known to be appreciated. Applicaticet for particulars and conditions of age to hoe 355Ne55d William Lovell B&I., Winwick Lodg,e. Rugby; or at the office of Mr. Denha-n, lWans ieret, Stonsey Stratford, Backs., p anum, including taxs),TWOsem dtaced O'rA<B. ontnin far rooms and kitchen. Very long gardens. Apply atSi., Holboma-bflLl RAMISGATE.-To be LETU, on the 25th of March, a very excellent ll-roomedEHOt!SE. It is fitted with every coaVefliesce. and has £vewsof thesea. Situate Royal-terrce Rent £40 per annum. Apply to B. Grant. Royal Harbour Ins, Ramsgate. G LOCESTER-S UARE.-To be LET, for the season elegntl Furnished, ono of the most erfect meditmsizedHiOUS1S OD tho Hyde-park estate. looking into Glocester-squire. Inquire at Knnedy's newspaper office, 9, Upper Berkeley-street. T OWER HOLLOWAY, near Hi%Mhbury.-To be LET, a 10-roomed EOUSE fitted up wit, every convenience, with long garden. Rent £0 e4 ryear. Inquire of Mr. Fowler. 3A Upper Stamford-street, near Waterloo-road. H ARROW-ON-THE-HILL, Roxeth Villas.-To e be LET, a convenient and pleasantly situate VIL&A. opposito the cricket ground. Apply to Mir. Winkley, agent, Harrow; or to Z. Cumings, 10. Albert-street. Camden-town. FOREST-HILL..-To be LET, immlediately, a con- venient HOUSE. coutaining dining and double drawing roonis, four bed rooms, and store-closet; garden back and front. Rent £34 a year. Apply to Mr. Coole. 7, Sise-lane. city. SQT. JARIES's-STREET, two doors from.-APART- MENTS-a first floor. well Furnished, consisting of sitting, bed. and ressing rooms, suitable for two friends, as there are other bed rooms to be let, by the year or otherwise. Apply at . Little Ryderstreet. St. Jansess. OREST-VALE.-To be LET, awellFU RNISH!ilj HOUSE, airy and delightfully situate; conitaining four bed rooms (five beds). drawing room, and dining rooms,w ith linen and at-. tendance; within five minutes' w alk of the railway station. Addresa to RS.. 2. ParkVillas. Forest-hill. N(RWOOD.-Tobe LET, THREE HOUSES and SHOPS, with fate-gIass fronts, suitable for a cormchandler's, oil and colour shop, up olsterer, tobacconist or any other business, requiring a good situation. Apply to Mr. obson, 5, Thomas's-terrace, Norwood. L EWISaA.3, Kent.-To be LET, a six-roomed EHOUSE. with side entrance, garden back and front. excellent supply of good iwater, and within 10 minutes' walk of the North Kent Ine. Rent £17 per annum. Apply to Mr. Hervey, Lady-well. Lewis- ACKNEY.-To be LET or SOLD, a desirable H COPYHOLD FAMILY RESIDENCE, containing 12 rooms, with good garden, &c., in thoroagh repair, and ready for immediate occupation. For further particulars apply to G. EL, care of Gilbert, Brothers. 1, Gracechurch-street.' ARRtOWV-ON-THE-HILL.-COTTAGES to be H LET, of neat elevation. containing two parlours. three bed rooms, kitchen, ivash-house, and other conveniences, within five minutes' walk of the church, and well drained. Rent £25. Apply to Mr. Cleary, fishmonger. 28. Upper George-street, Edgeware-roadL YDE-PARK (NORTH) No. 62, corner of GlocesH ter-terrace and Bishop's-road, Paddington.-To be LET on LE ASE, -imiurnished, an exceUent FAMIY MANSION. containing elegant reception rooms, ample bed rooms, and replete with every convenience. Inquim of Messrs. WooUaston and Davison wolicitors, 77, Basinghall-street. H ACKNEY.-To be LET, within two minutese J w walk of the rail, an excelent semi-detached HOUSE. with four bed rooms, dressing room, drawing, dining, and breakfast rooms, two litchens, scullery, wine and beer cellars, large walled garden and greehouse. Rent;£30. Applytoview tobMr. King, PArkfisldVillas, ngEdward-road, Hackney. HACKNEY, close, to the Richmond-road.-To be DISPOSED OF. the FURNITURE of a nine-roomed house, in excelent condition, to an immediate purchaser for £95. Any one commencing housekeeping wiU find this worth their notice. Rent of house £34 per annum. Apply at Iflr. Messiter's auction and estate offices, 24. Acton-place, Kingpland-road, near the bridge. K ENT-TERRACE,Regent's-park.- One of the largest .X HOUSES in this desirable situation to be LET, urfrnisled. froamthez2thintant. Rent£100. Maybeseen by permissionof the tenant any day, between the hours of 11 and 3. For particulars and cardsto view apply to Nathaniel Hooper, Esq., solicitor, 5, Pumpcourt, Temple. i B ITON (Kingston New-town), Surrey within five minutes' walk of the railway station.-To be LET, iWO commodious 12-roomed HOUSES. lately erected. in the most modem style, with every convenience for a family. For terms apply to Mr. Arthur S. Newman. architect and surveyor, 191, Tooley-street, Southwark ; or to Mir. illiams, house agent. Kingston New-town. N EW KQILBUJRN.-To be LET or SOLD, near the 1new Church just commencedand the Independent Church just opened, a very nice moderate-sized semi-detached VILLA, with l0 rooms and good garden. twro minutes from the railway Station, and four from the omnibus. Purchase money only £44 or £-45 rent. Inquire of MTr. Frazer, 16, rnivala-inn, or 14, Springfield Villas3 nearby. C! HIREHAiIPTON, four miles from Clifton- p Detacbed COUITRY RESIDENCE to be LET, Furnished; comprising dinimg, drawing, and breakfast rooms, itchens and convenient offices, ms bed rooms, &c. ; coach-house. stabling, lawn, and garden, Rent 120 per annum. Apply to Walter Hughes and Son, estateandhouse agents,37. College-green, BristoL p'AREY-STREET, Lincoln's-inn-fields, and lVhite AJHart-street, Drury-lane, near the Strand.-To be L ET, by the freeholder, several HOUSES in these neighbourhoods, mostly wgith shops, or positioned to be eligible for the printing department, Apply personally to the owner, at 2, Cook's-court, Serle-street, L,incoin's-ismfields, V ICHMIOOND.-Furnished House.-To be LET, on iL moderate terms, for 3, 6, 12 months, or longer, situate in the best part of Richmond, a small HOUSE, containing a very good draw v room, small dining room, six bed rooms, and one dressing room. an every domestic comfort for a small family. Apply to Mr. H. Drew, house agent, George-street, Richmond, Surrey. 11?RENTWOOD, Essex.-To be LET, with possession at Lady-day, a genteel buc1k-built semi-detached HOUSE, containing four bed rooms, two sitting rooms, kitchens, and offices, with large garden. The above residence ispleasantly situate. in the Queen'road, Breutw ood, about five minutes' wval- from the Eastern Counties BRailwtayStation. iForparticulass apply to Mlr. Moll3, White Hfart Inn, S T. JOHN's-WOOD.-To be LET, Furnished, with the immediate possession, a semi-detached RESIDENCE, in one of the best parts of this healthful locality, comprising five bed rooms, three reception rooms, kitchens, and good offices * two-stall stable, with coach-house. Or the drawng room suite andparlour'flor with conservatory, wifll be let, either together or separately. Apply to Mr. Becklay, auctioneer. So, 219, tMaida-vale. Edgewareroad, NVOTTING-HILL.-To be SOLD, No. 7, Kensine- 1ton-park-gardens, a large and handsome FAMILY ESIDETC0', ready for imniediate occupation, and containing spacious dining and. drawing rooms, with library, on gundfloor: threeloorsof bedrooms, many of them verylarge; amplembasement accommodation; garden and plesregroundof sevenacresintherear. Apply to Messrs. Connell and Iope, Fludyer-street, Westminster; or to Air. Drew, Rosedale Villa, Netting-hill. naowN and COUNTRCY HOUSES, Landed Estates, 8Land Shooting.-lr. W. A. OAKLY, auctioneer and estate agent, S. Regent-street, London. hias numuerous applicants for the above, and begs to annunrce thiat the same can be entered on his RLEGISTERS, free of charge, unless a treaty be concluded through hisintroduction, and then the usual commission. B OXMO OR, Herts, close to a Station.-Mr. W. A. Oaklley has to LET or SELL an excerlent FAMILY RESIDEOCE, seated on an eminence, and standing in a Park of nine acre3; handsomeentrancelodge, carriage drive, coach-house,andstablinggravelly soil. rooms of good dimensions, and altogether a very compact place. Termns extremely moderate. Mr. Oakley, auctioneer, 8, Regentstreet, Waterloo-place, has a drawing of the property, and fromvwhom further particulars may be obtained. QTREATHAM, near London.-Mr. IV. A. Oakley has to LET, a detached COTTAGE, standing in its own grounds, also stabling, poultry-yard, out-buildings, &c, Furnished, about 75 Oumeasper anum: orthe Lease and FuroituretobeSold, Applyto atctioneer. S, Regent-strest. N TOTTING-HIILL.-MIr. W. A. Oakley has to LET 1handsomely Furnshed, a very comfortable RESIDENCE. having double drawing rooms, dining room. small sitting rooms,five bed chaibvers, losets, & c.. and opens at the bark to a large square garden. Ter3asbeut three and half guineas per week, Cards of xr. Oakley, auctioneer, 8, Regent-street. (ITY OFFICES, Moorgate-street.-To be LET, Clately occupied bya company, GROUND FLOOR OFFICES, consisting of clerk's office. private room, board room, Water-closet, and other conveniences. Rent low. Apply to Mlr. W. A. Oakley, auctioneer. 8, Regent-street. r ANDE] ESTATE, Isle of Wig-ht.-Mr. W. A. Oakley has to SE , by Private Contct, a FREEHOLD ESTATE, comprising upw ards of 200' acres: let on lease to a most responsible tenant. .fr. Oakley can safely recommend this property to capitalists, trustees, and others seeking a safe investment. Purchase very moderate.-S, Regent-street. MB.W. OALEY has to LET a detached COT- LLTAGE. situatesa drive from Croydon. having two sitting and six bedrooms, paddock, dairy, bakehouse, portico entrance, coach-house, three-stall stable, twvo loose boxes, aultry hous-, lawn, good garden and bshrabbery. Situation high and dry. Rent. furnished £oUO. or twsoandhalf guineas per weeki, or un furnished £40; or iffurniture is purchased, rent 30 guineas. Cards of 31r. Oakley, auctioneer, 8. Regent-street., TINDEN-GROVE, Nunhead-road, Peckham-rye.- 14To be LET. for the very moderate rent of LeO per annum, a detached VILLA RESIDENCE, standing inn large garden, and containing 13 rooms. The situation is remarkably pleasant and healthy. There are omnibuses to aU parts of the city. Applyonthepremises,No. 10, as above; to Messrs. Palmer, Palmer, and DuU, 24 Bedford-row Holborn ; or to Mr. W. Thompson, architect, 2, Conduit-street Westbourne-terrace. DENSHURST.-To be SOLD, an ELIZL- BETHAN VILLA adjoining Penshurst-park-; contains two drawiing rooms, dining room butler's paantry, store closet, kitchers, dairy. servants'hall, four principal bed rooms, dressing rooms, ser. vanis' rooms, coach-house and stable with loose boxes, .walled garden greenhouse, orchard, -c. ; entrance ledge and paddock:. Apply to Mr. i .. Donaldson, solicitor, 18, Southampton-treet, BBloomsburysqulare. About avls from the station and not far from the church. TOUGEHBOROUGH-PARK, Brixton-Fuynjshed tL Cottage.-To be LET, for 12 months from .Tune or July, a well FUJENISHED 14-roomed COTTAGE, with coach-house and stable,and a garden 160 feet by 60 feet, for£I1O. Plate and linen aswell s pianofortecouldalsobehadatammoderaterent. The ook andhousemaid. bearing excellentcharacters. are willing to treat with Forparticlars and cards to view apply at Mr. Briant's estate and house agency offie, 12, Kennington-row, Kennington-parkt. a c XINDSOR.-To be LET, a private HOUSE, in v thehigh and best part of the town. It is in per'ect order, and most comfortably and fndyvfurnished, and contains eight very airy bed rooms and dressing rooms, water-closet, three reception rooms, and convenient offices, Particular4y suited for a family having sons at Eton, or for ladies wishing the security of a town, with ready access to prrides isd watas.. For articulars applyt r ac,S.Abns street, Windsor; or at 10. Waterloo-plae ce. Pallmall K INGSTON STATION, on the South Western Railway.-To be LET on LEASE, a gentleman's RESIDENCE on a compact scale, standing in its own grounds, w.-ith wed greenhouse, coach-house, and stabling. and all usual appurtenances, about a mile from the railway station. The house contains dsinig room, drawimgroom and mnoraingroom, eightbedrooms, a dressing room, and a man-serrant's room. and domesStic offices. Forterms and cards to view apply to Mr. 3 ohn Dawvson, auctioneer and agent. MSarlborough-chainbers, 49, Pa-alL-a- IVXA to PbICHAIOND-BRIEDGE.-To be LETX oni Jv' LFASE. one of the beat RJlSIDESCES in this debghtful locahty. etu detached, of pleasing elevation, and containseightgoodbedrooms, two drawing rooms, dining room, breakfast room, and conservatory, housekeeper'sroom, and general domestic offices; a coach yard wiith coach-hcuse and stabling. &c. The pleasure garden is three-quarters of an acre in extent, the situation is perfectlY open and heaNlthy, the soil gravel, and the house is welU su,ppled w,ith spring and svoft vwater. Applyv to Mlr. Allen Davis. U, Old Jewry-chamberascity. BnEXLEY-HEAHTH.-To be LET, a most desirable semi-detached COTTAGE VILLA RESIDENCE. with excellent coach-house and stable, and good waUed garden, situate in the finest part of Kent. The house is in thorough repair, fixtures very complete, and contains two sitting rooms and smal book room, three bed rooms, good kitcbens, ac. Rain and sprinz water both in the house. The churchand aCatholicchapelcloseathand. Goodmarkets. Therailway two miles distant. Omnibus. Inquire of Ir. GreensiU, 145, Strand. fT1PPER CLAPTON.-To be LET, on LEASE, a moet gentlemanly detached RESIDENCE, in the above desirable locality. with excellent garden, anda sproachedbyacarriage drivefrom the road, and stands at a convenient distance. This delightful house and Premse comprise six good bed roomt- dining and drawing rooms, noble entrance-hall, with kitchens, ad replete with domestic arrangements; large and well-stocked garden wit cr pass nd fountain. Patclrs anid cards to view of Messrs.7 Snwn rothers, estate agns,hilders, &c.. Upper Clapton. -p~ _fAMTPSHIRE.-T6 be SOLD, abouit 20.,acrei of -&JLvalableLAI . atBrabrideinthe fmnprovislg ~zd 1ptatur6 qua valley of the Itchan river, witbun a Mod&ate distangpbf the portioniofthelandpossesesv-aluable5brickearth. Alse,to beSold or Let, an elegant Building, called St. James'sLodge, anid either with or without land, situate on the high groundd south of the cityof Winchester. Also, to be Sold, a neat Residen ce, with about nine acres of laud, in the pleaatvlllsge of Cheriton. nea~r Alreblord, called Brook Cottage.T treat apply to M 1r. Gale, land agent, Winchester. ;OKINGHAINI, Berks.-To be LET on LESiS, TVfor seven years or miore, at the decidedly low rent o 5 e annum,atnceatdeotached we-humitVILLA RESIdeCE, eated ona gentleeeminence,frontingthehighroad. Theincidents of recommendations are bricly as follows: *10 ninutes' walk-from the -Junction Stations. one hour from London, near to two packs of hounds, gravey soel; healths itnation, good nePkhbourhood and society, well dnmed w;ith a good fallU prentises c prise seveial good:bed. rooms, drawin anddinmgrooms, conservatory, and stabling for.foutX.s,rA d6ubnl coach-house, and other offlices good front andaU lsnbdk ares carrage rive Thewho1-v~l fited adwalled-finb g 1ren, 'ihgodfixtures, hNalfamile fro te huchan Ohe pacs f orhi ;south asec, aod a beauifu contry Aply o M. DaielCroin,auctioneser and estate R oIIBIJtY-GROVEVILLAS, eighbury, No. te H 1 ]0or"8AuLRM AGpply0tYDE Eiuwbe 13, Gresbarn-treet. 111PRIGATE.-A srnall FURNISHED COTTAGE, JR S oonxisting of twro sitting, three bed roomr. and servant?s ditto' kitchen, and usual offlces, to be LJET on moderate tcrmLi Pra~ nency preferred. Apply toJ. F., 2, Carfeton-terrace, Redhil], Surrey. QUEEN ANNE-STREET, Cavendish-square.-A W rivate RESIDENCEA of moderate size, and wel Furalshe 1, to be , for two, three, or four months at a moderate rent. App'y at Mr. Elgood's offices 98, Wsimpole-streek, Cavendish-square. WIMBLEDON-PARK, and its NeighbourhoodWVSeveral HOUSES, with or w-ithout stables. adapted to large anid smaflfaminieaofrespectablity.FPaddockairrequized. Applyat Holly. house, VmMbledon-park-road, Wandswrorth. LITZROY-SQUARE, near the Re"ent's-pavk-'o. F 18. onthenorthside, tobe LET on LEAA'E. Itiareadytor cupation, and suitable for a family of the nrst respectability. Rent 120 guinea. Apply to Mr. TDIS, 54, Upper Charlotte-street. Fitzroy-eq fXFORD-STREET.-To be LET,withimmedi. 0Jpossession, THREE excellent SHOPS, with plate-glass front a ii superior houses, with private doors. For particuasapyto -ir. Tarlton, 14, Southampton-street, Bloomnsbury. DICCADILLY.-To be LET, a HOUSE, with ex.,, cellent warebouse, ahop with two frontages, good dwelling-house orerald private entrance. Apply to Mr. Owen, Mr. Devey's offices 1V Great hfarlborough-street. Regent-street. ,r ces c3 u TUDGATE-HILL.-Firt-rate 1BUSINESS PRE- ,LAMt3ES to be LET, on the south ride, and the best part of Liid. e-bilL. For further particulars apply to Mr. Parsons1 6, Ludgate- NEAR the CRYSTAL PAoACE.-To be LET with immediate possession, a moderate-sized detached FAXEII RESIDENCE, containing 13 rooms, most delightfuDly situate vWithin 10 minutes' walk of the railway station. For particulars app to Mr. Manseo. auctioneer, &cm, Upper Norwood, j1SAMPSTEAD.-To be LET, unfurnished TOT- HITENHA2M COTTAGE,John-street.containinto Sittn rs, four bed rooms, two kitchens,capjtal cdiarage, godade,adchalsehouse and sjtable. Pleasantly sithate at the back. 3Appyto T. M., at the above addres. MOUNT-STREET, Grosvenor-square.-To be LET AlLon LEASE, an excellent double-fronted SHOP, with three rooms behind, and good dwelling-house over withl private entrance, situate between Charles-street and Berkeley-square. Apply to Mr. Donaldson, 12, Curzon-street, Mayfair. F dL2s dAT rl W. A. Oakley shas a capital detache FAMI'LY RESIDENCE to LET, standing in one ncer of grounds, and containing four sitting, six bed, and one dressing rooms, excelent offices ; three-staD stable, coach-house, waied garner, not overlooked. Cards of Mr. Oakley, auctioneer. 8, Regent-street, pARK VIELAS, Barnes.-One of these deli^htfui YLAS. cotimclros to be LET, beautifully situaste, On gravelly roll, garden back adront. carriage drive, excellentv,ater. Rent, rates, and taxes nnder £60. Apply to Mr. Alfred Cox, 64,, oe Bond-street, and 2. Uaper Baker-street, Bcent's-park. TIIGHGATE.-South grove.-To be LET, from the JJ 25th March, a HOUSE; containing dining and drawing rooms, five bed rooms, two water-closets, and good kitchens; productive garden and greenhouse; water laid on, and other conveniences. Apply to Mlesrs. Tatham and Sons, 11, Staple-inn, Holborn. {)HLSlCom3ndng USIESSPREMISES tobejET. in the best part-double-fronted plate-glass coiner shop, with private entrance. Lease 10 years. Apply personally, or address with real name, &,c., to A, B., 26, Byw ater-stTeet, King's-co-i, ENNINGTON-PARK.-To be LET, orSOLD K newseven-roomedHOUSES, handsomelfittedup. Rent onl £23 per year; no taxes. Also a variety f Houses an Sps rent varymg from £19 to £27 per year. Price £150 and uoar Lease 79 Rars,atagroundrent. Apply at Mr. Cook's office. rrmmore-sqare, QTREATHAM-HILL.-To be LET, an excellent . Omodern FAMILY RESIDENCE, detached. with ornamental garden, contiguous to Christ Church, Streatham. The house contains three sitting rooms of good dimensions, eight bed rooms, and two dressing rooms, with all necesary aud convenient offices. Apply to 231r. Hudson, house and estate agent, Brixton-hilL A BBEY-WYOOD, Kent.-Semi-detached COTTAGE CA RESIDENCES to be LET, North Kent Rail, 10 miles from Loudon-bridge, containing six rooms, with good garden, one close to the Abbey- vood Station: rent £24 per annum ; the other one and a ha!f mile distant, on high ground, at Lessness-hcath, rent £22 per annun. Further particulars of' Mr. Dowiug, near the above sation, Kent. PA-RSON's-GREEN near Fulham.-To be SOLD, by Private Contract, T@'O PREEOLD HOUSES, adjoining in excellent repair, with walled gardens at the back, well-stocked with choicefrt trees. The houses are capable of being occupied either together or separately. For cards to view and further particulars apply to Mr. Thompson. soheitor, 33, Bucklersbury. NJOTTINGHATI-PLACE, New-road,Regent's-park. -To be LJT on LEASE, a very eligible compact FAMILY HOUSE, (the late residence of a gentleman, decessed.l throughout in excellent order. with an option of purchasing the furniture on reasonable terms. The stables are underlet by the year. Apply at ir. Elgood's offices, 98, WVimpole-street. HOUSES to be LET.-Mr. NEYWBON begs to acquaint those In search of houses for the ensuing quarter-day. that information may be obtained from his REGISTERS of HOUSES to be LET, by letter or personally, and that no charge whateveris made to the tenant.-Auction offices, 8, Church-row, Upper-street, llington, opposite Theberton-street. ISLINGTON.-Spacious BUILDER's PREMISES L and comfortable DWELLING-HOUSE to be LIET on LEASE, with superior workshops, large stabliig, yards, together or separate. Apply to Mtr. Newbon, surveyor and valuer, 8, Church-row, Islington, opposite Theberton-street. BARNSBURY-PARK, Islington.-To be LET a desirable RESIDENCE, with coach-house, stable, large gaAen pump, and well of fine water. The house contains drawving, dining and breakfast rooms, numerous bed chambers, and is replete with every convenience. For terms and cards to view apply to Ir. Newton, asutioneer and estate agent, 8, Church-row, Upper-street, Isllngton, opposite Theberton-strset. TSLINGTON, near the AngeeL-Convenient HOUSE to be LET, containing seven large rooms. Rent 30. Apply o Mlr. Newbon, auctioneer and valuer, 8, Church-row, Islngton, opposite Theberton-street. NEW NORTH-ROAD.-Six-roomed IHOUSES to be LET, situate in Coleman-street- also (sameowner)capital corner Shop, late an oilman's. Apply to ?dr. Neowon, auctioneer and appraiser, o, Church-row, Islington, opposite Thebertonestreet. TOW R:LENTED SHIOPS to be LET, situate at .kJsllmgton and Kenninglon :-13, Shepperton-street. Islington, rent £20. tate a beer shop; 12. Upper Kenningro-Isneo, opposite Vauxhall-gardens, rent e^32. Apply On the preumses;- or to Mr. N;ewtohn,aeu,cOtionte.er, &, 8, Church-rowv, Upper-street, Isligo opposite THOUSES to be LET, at low rents, with imnediate J .E possession :-34, Story-street, Caledonian-road, Islington, eight rooms, rent £28; 15, GrafSoncrescent, Kentish-town, seren rooms, £28; 33, King's-read, near 3Kingaland-green, ditto, £>22 1 3, Canter. bury-terace, ditowsix r oms £9 dO.;1, Htokeda deitgton, six rooms, £19 i9,-.; Saksooserne-%road, dittso eight ;zooxr d£24; 8, Milton read, ditto, six rooms, £19 12s.* 21, Biarlborough-rsad, HiSh street, Peckcam, eight rooms. £24. APppl on the premi'ses, or to Mr. Newthon estate agent, 8, Church-rov, Upper-street, Islinggon* alsotoMr.Templeo 28. Clement's-lane,clty. 'iy HOUSESI with Shops to be LET, at low rent and i4n, it posses-sion:- ovrard-road, Stoke Nesinglon. £25; 2,Bollngbroke-terrnce, Bridge-road, Battersea, 19 guineas. Apply on the premises, or to hMr. Newbon. estate agent, 8, Church-cow, Ishngton - also to Mr. TemDple, 28, C^lemnent's-lan,e, city. 1IGHEURY,-To be LET, a neastly FURNISHIED bJ_ HOUSE containing seven rooms. Rent £1 per week. For further particulars and to view apply to Mlr. Newton, estate agent, 8, Church-row, lbington. BARNSBbt~Y COTTAGE, Islingtoni, to be LET, contaMinng nine rooms, coach-house, stable, and large garden. This residence is one of the most desirable abodes in the neighbourhood, ha,ingall the sittingrooms onthe ground floor. Foe cards to view apply to Mfr. Newbon, auctioneer, &e,, 8, Church-row, Upperstreet, sngton. N. 5, WINCHfESTEL-PLACE, Claremont-squ~are. N-To be,ET, this capital and convenient RESID119CE, with immnethate po^siessoion APppl to 2dr.lNewbon, estatew agent, &x, 8,Ghurchrow, Upper-street, Islington, opposite Theberton-street. ILiD )KENT-ROAD, Asylum-road.-To be LET Xj. No. 2, KENT VILLAS, mne rooms, rent £26 ; and No. 1, Ciitton-grove, near the above, six rooms, rent £19 lOs. Apply on the premises; or to Mr. Newbon, surveyor, &c., 8, Church-row, Upper-street, Islington, oposite Theberton-street. rFOTTENUHAM, near thePark Station.-To be LET, T.No. I, MOSELLE VILLAS, situate in the best part of Northumberland-park; contaiingsevenrooms. Rent £24. Apply on the premises ; or to Mr. Newbon, auctioneer and estate agent , Cr row, Upper-street, Isington, opposite Theberton-street, W ESTBOURNE-TERRACE, with immediate s s possession.-To be LET, on LASE, one of thebest HOUSES at the south end of Westbourne-terrace, on the east side, with coachhouse and stable. This residence will be found to contain unusual aocommodation for a family, and is inevery respect most desirable. Particulars and cards to view may be had of Messrs. Foster, 54, Pall. mal. XTEWV-CROSS.-To be SOLD, the excellent modern FRNiTUJRE., Pianoforte, andEfecisof a gentleiaan'sresidence: only very recently furnished. The House to be Let, which contains breakfast room, two parlours with folding doors, four bed eoorms three of which only are furnished), kitchen, wash-house, garden, &c. Rent £32. No dealers need apply. Application to bt made betreen 12 and 1 o'clock. to M r. Wilson, 8, Moorgateestreet, city. CLAPHAM-COMMON (near).-To be LET, a detached VILLA RESIDENCE, standing in 2i acres god containing four rooms on ground floor, five bed rooms, anddressing room over, kitchens, cellars, pantry, housekeeper'sroom, &c., inbasement, coach-house, and two-stall stable, and out-honses, very pretty dower garden, small prolific orchard, kitchen garden. Rent £67iper annum. 10 years' lease. Apply toD. W., 1, Aldermanrbury. pOTTER's-B , near the Station, on the Great J1 Eorthern Railway-To be LET, for a term of 7 years, a detached HOUSE, situate near the Clock-house, on the high road to Hatfield; containing four bedrooms, two sitting rooms. kitchen, sulefy. coachhouse, stable, and garden. For particulars ap ly to mr. Duckirorth, auctioneer and valuer, Barnet; and to Messre.irickettald Sons, auctioneers and valuers, 34, Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane, and Highgate, MIidlesex. 0.17, KENSINGTON-SQUiARE, close to the gar- N dens.-To be LET oxi LEASAIthis commodious FA3ILYYRESIDENCE, recently been thoroughly repaired and decorated, containing eight good bed rooms, dressnigiooms, two noble drawing rooms and ante room, large library, dining room and breakfast parlour, double staircase, capital servants' offices, large garden, Arc. At the very moderate rent of 115 guineas. Apply to Mr. Chesterton. estate agent, 8, I,ower Phillimore-place, Kensington. DRIGHTON.-To Lodging-housekeepers and others. -Persons rwho can command about£140wind thisarare opr tunity for IN^VESTMEN3T. The furniture in go.^d and useful. The rent of the houlse is£6u per anumn and the ground floor apartmnents let off to a gentleman who pays 50 guineas per annum. The house con' tains seven bed rooms, three sitting rooms, housekeepers room, kitchen. &e.lry aTae modeate, Apply *o MIr. Crouch, estate sod houxse agent, 9S, Western-road. Brighton. GQ1PRING-GROVE STATION, on the Windsor line, s i ht miles from rk oer. Trains every hour to and from Waternoo Tecrminns.ubstantal VILA SIDENCES are erected and elegantly finished on any approved plan on the Spring-grove Estate, whichindelightfully situate, onasoil of pure gravel, between Osterley-parkcndRichmond. These honses have good gardens attached tothemn, andadditionallandr.may be obtained if wanted. Particulars for rent on lease or puchase may be had from Mr. Cole, at the est3te office, opposite the station ;Lorin te atl7, 7>Warwick-street, Regent- SUSSEX.-A COTTAGE to be LET, unfurnishes, seven miles from a fashionable watering-place. There are eiglt rooms, with servants' offlces, and waterloset. The stabling, mi 's room, outbuildings, gardens, meadowv and shrubbery. are considered vsr conveni en t and good. The wh ole ready for immiediate occup atmon, andthe rent of £28per annum covers alltaxes end chargtes, including the right of shooting over about 300 ocres. which, if desired, may ho considerably extended. Trhe furniture can be had for 100 guineas. IApply to MIr. Grogan, estate and house agent, 66, Park-street, Grosvenor-square. WORTHY of NOTICE. Cheap HOUSES to Le VTLET, in thorough repair. in a healthy and cheerful high road; contaninug six rooms, good kIdtchen, and long garden, an3d completo with eVerY domestie con.venience. Apply sat 9, 10, 11, hlilhlfield-place, Green-lanes, Stoke N&stngton-green, wiithin five minutes' wfalk of Kingrland railway and gate, and half an hour of the city. N9OWHILL.-To be LET on LEASE, first-class B3USINESS PREMISES, with 20 feet frofitage and great depth ; having ground andhasement storieswfith three floors over, and possessing every eapacity for extensive wholesale or retai trade. Therein a private entran3ce to thef convenient and eaomplete residence, which in qliitedistinctf±ii%thebusiness portion ofthe premises. For particulars and cards to view apply to Messrs. Beael and Sour, 25, Gresham.street, city. ERY extensive IANUFACTU-ING PRE- VhIISES, at Limehouse, with excellent frontage to the Limehousecut,.weUl adapted for engineers, contractors, founders, builders, or saw-mills.-To be LET on LEA.SR with immediate possession, tho very extensive RANGE of PREMISES. situate at the westem end of Copenhagen-place, Commercial-road, near Limehouse Church and the Limehouse Station on the Blackwall Railway, andboundedon the south by the Limehouse-cut, to which there is considerable wharfage. 'The buidings, which are in excellent repair and partly fireproof, are fitted with machinery, worked by an excellent.Boulton and Watt's engine of 30-horse power, and comprises entmunos lodge, convenient residesl-e, with ofices, c., large wharf, stabling for nine horses, waggon sheds, several ranges of warehouses, sheds, wrorkshop,, carpenters' and blaccsmiths' shops, convenient ceuntig houses, engine and boiler house-. with ron loorsand oors Addiiona lan may o ha wit fthe pro mise. Fo fatherpartculrs ad cads o 'sew a'yto e presss UY3E-PARK-GABDEN'S. - Mr. Donaldson is JL&instractedl to LM, handsomnely 7urahed, for four or £ re mhonths, or for a term of years,orumnfuruished on leaeo, or to Digposo of the Ground Lease, of one of the best 2AXNSIONo. comnmaniding a tine View of the ParkaudKensin ton- smlens. Coacu-house and stabUng Apply at 1, Langam P (Fl. 392.) ISHED FAiMIL Y fob ro the Isb o. April. for three or four months, or fora term a years. Apply to MIr. Donaldsoun estate agent. 1. Laugham-placo. (FoL. 5I.) UPPER HARLEY.STREET.-'l'obe LET, from 1rt of April. until end June. for 250 guineas, a FURNISHED FAMILY RESIDENCaE, with largebed room on the drawingroom iloor, day and uighb nursery, offces, and atabling. Apply to Mr. Donaldson, estate age3nt, &c., I, Laugham.plc. (Fat 58i1.) {) iVENDISlI-SQIJARE,_First-clam FURNISti- EDFAMILY EtiDi:NMc with stabling,to be LET, fora few months or longer; unfurnished, on Iease, or the Freehold to be Sold. Apply to Mr.Donaldson, estate agent, &kc., l. Lamgham-place. (Fol.212 I pARK-CRESOENT.-Fiir.nshed, for the season or for a term, (or atheLese and Furnitiueto be Disposed of.) one of ths deligbtftil FAdL RESIDENOES,- wihgren in the ree,r. Applytohr. Donaldson, estate agent, &o., . Laungham-place (Fol249.) ( OSVEN til.-riAUE.-F?AMILY RlESIDENCEi wlirth stablinm for tihe horsese to bo LET. elegantlyeFrnish.da frosn lightfue agllytua1, Lte n e F Y RESIDENCE. Apply to Mr. Donaldson, SOUTJWICE-RESC:NT, Edepar.-Tobe eatate agent end auctloneier, 1, Laneham.plasce, Portiand-place. WTESTBOUIDNE-TERRAOCE-To be LE-T, le- igantly Furnushed, for season, from lst of April, a capital FdMILY. RESIDENCOE, with the extra chamber foor, coach-nouse, and tabling. Or the Lefaseand Furniture to be Disposed of. Apply teo Mr. Donaldson, estate agent and auctioneer, 1, Laugham-place. TOWER HEATH, Eampstead.-OTJSE, with eight ooms and large wash-house. chaise-house, stabe, goodapring water, and water laid onfram the Sew River. Rent for a term, £0 per annum. Apply to Mlr. H. Ware, Heath-street, Hampacead- C>IAMtBERWELJL.-To be LET, a pretty semi-de- .Jtached CO31:TAt;E.containing eight good rooms,with about 200 feet garde grond, ent nly 26 pr anum. pplyat 10, Staffordplace. Wiyndham-road, C°anmberwrell.Newra,imn Ul t 0 tfod ]/ ARGARET-S TREET, Cavendish-square.- 1M It'E and FURNITURE of a RESIDENCE to be SOLD, wel adapted for letting furaished, in which wav it hasbeen used several years. Apply to Mfr. Robt. Reid, 48, GreatMfarlborough-street. (IAIIDEN-ROAD, U p per ~Holloway.-A semi-de- tcched VILL^, deightuaLy situate, containing 12 rooms. Rent £65. Coach-house, £1l0. Apply at 1. Horton Villas, near the Baptist ChapeL Also No. 4, Park ViZlla, Park-road, containing 10 rooms. fAAMBERWELL-GRtEEN (near).-A very eligible J and che4ap HIOUSE to be LjET, at £24 a year. Seven rooms, good water, and all convenienesd and fixtures, with small gardens. The -r8, orw.onditon. Apply, post Paid, to J. H, Trisn, F ENSINGTON.-To be LET, in Edw-ardes-squari, Ka highly respectable and pleasant situation, near Lord Holland'spark, a convenient DWVELI 'G-HOUSE, eontaining eight rooms. nt ;0. May be reduced upon iayment of a premium. Awply to Mfr. Barlow, 48, Edwardes-square, Kensington. EPSOM.-TWO semi-detached COTTAGE SEIE DENCES to be LET, pleasantbl situate, contiguous to the railway. One contains two sitting rooms and live chambers, the other two sitting and three chamcbers, with oflices and gardens. Water supply and drainage perfect. Rent £10 and £20 each. Apply to Langlands and Son, Epsomn. UPPER HOLLOWAY (at the terminus of thie lavourite amnibuses).-To be , VIAS, with fiitnreA complete.-eight roomS, besides dressing re-om, wash-house, and closet. Rent £45. Other Villas, of a Larger desqcription, with bath rovom (hot and cold water laid on3, and conservatory. ALso, convenient HIouss containing seven rooms and wash-house. Rent £2}. Apply on the premises, to Mr. Watson, 1, Villa, Junction-road. T¶DMONTON.-To be LET, a FAMIILY HOUSE, w within five minutes' walk of the railway station: containle dining and drawing rooms and breakfast tarlour, large entrance hal. nine bed rooms, with the usual conveniences; large pleasure and kItchen gardens, coach-house, three-stall stable, and other out-houses. For particulars apply to Mr. Heny Knight, 27, Bucklersbury, and Edtmonton. YDDELTOh-SQUARES PentonUille.- To be L 1ET, an LEASE, a comner EHOUSE, No. 57, in the square, fitted with every convenience for a family, and in thorough repalr,containing drawing, dining, breakfast, and six bed rooms, two good kitchens, laxdor, ccllarage. &c. Rent, including the use of fxtures, 1:75 per annum. For further particulars appl to D. B. Saden, Esq., 3S, King-street, Cheapside. B LACKHEATH.-To be LET Furnished, for aix or 12 mnonths, an excellent FAMMIY irOUSE agreeably situats, on the heath, within five minutes' walk of the railway station. The house contains 11 bed chambers, two dressingrooms, st5dy,edi room, ante room, and double drawing room,kitchen, servants and domestic offlces of every description. It has likewise a good garden. Apply to Mlessrs. Gilbert. estateagents, Blskheath W OODSIEDE, Croydon, within li mile of the Cro W don and Norwood Railway Station,-To b' e LET, on LST, WOODSIDE COTTAGE, containing four bed rooms,dressingroom water-closet, three sitting rooms, and commodious domestic offlces with lawn, garden. two-stalled stable, and chaise-house. From three to 10 acres of meadow land can be had if required. For terms and cards to view apply to Messs. Blake, Croydon, RERBYSHoIRE.-To be LET on LEASEL with im- imediate possession, the GROVE I; mile fromAsibourneand 12 from Derby. The house contains drawing, dining, and breakfast rooms, 10 bed rooms, and numerous domestic offlces, double,coathhouse, capital sambling, kitchen garden, pleasure grounds, and 24 acres of grass land. Apply toMra.Stoddartee, Alpha-road, Regent's park, London: or to hlir. Tombanson, Sturston-hali, a,d}oming the property. OXFO1RD-STREET.-Important BUSINESS 5JPREMISES, a short remgve from theRegent's-chrcus,anthenorth sideofthisunequalled thoroughfare, in which theyocepya frontae of S6 feet 3 inches, w.ith a depth of 100 feet. Theyare invaluable to a silkmercer, cabinetmaker, pianoforte manufacturer, or any person requiring spacious show rooms, with an attractive Frontage to this street, wihich for business has nO rival inths metropolis, Apply to Mr. pobert Reid, 4S, Great Mlarlborough-street, D OVER.-To be SOLD or LET, a genteel semi- detached FRvEEHOLD VILLA, in the immediate vicinity of this town. The proprietor baa lately expended a considerable s=um in judicionuniprovementi,and theproperty can be recemmendedaspossessing mare than ordinary convenience and comfort for a small establishment, The furaiture, which aini excellent condition, maybe taken by valuation., JFor particmlars applyto MEr. James W'omfold, estate agent, rEoo SIGTON-GARDNS.-To be LET, vi the K immediate vicinity of the above fahionable promenade, on the south side of Hlyde-parl elegant ad commodious FAMILYaRESIDENCES, fitted wvith every modern convenience, and adjoining the site of theproposed National Gallery. Rents from £30 to £150 per annum. Stabling if required, and omnibusesto iowan every five minutes. Apply Apply at 26,Victoria-grove, KCensington, or to J. Inderwick, 57,Princesstreet, Leicester-square. C HAMPION-HILL, three miles and a half from town, near the to p of Grove-lane, Camberwvelt-A very desirable COTTAGE RESIDENCE (semi-detached), containing 12irooms,uand every convenience far a genteel family, is to be LET or SOLtD; rent £45 per annum. Also one smaller, at £42, and one at £2Q6 Per annum, The elevation of this salubrious spot renders it particularly eligible. To view apply to Mlrs. Holmes, 5. Champion-place, Grove-lane; and for further particulars to 3Ir. Riobert Passenger, 25, Union-street, Dorough. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ rom. &e e SAOUTH DEVON.-Marine Family Mansion.-To be LET. Furnished, for a teem, orby theyear, amostcommodious FAMLY RESIDENCE, with lawn, pleasure gIrounds, and pasture land; also, if required, excellent shooting. Foxhounds and ner are keptvwithin two miles, andthereisanexcelentharbeurfor yachts, accessible at a tides. There are four sitting rooms and 10 bed rooms, with very commodiouswstabig andsoutoffces. Princpals only need apply. Cards to view and f;uther particulars to be obtaned of Messrs. Tozer and Co., soulctors, Teignmoutih. gfAYS5WATEo1 Klen ington-park.--Frandsome LD neWly-built Renpdences. with litues complete, at low rents, from£50OLpvards.-To be LET, in Elgincent. a short distance from Kensinoton-garder, FAMILY RESIDENCES, finished in sup rior style; containingsprcious drawing and dining rooms, nie bed romtnauledomesticoffices; with access to beautiful pleasure rooms.~~~~~~~~~anndesatampaov sinthe rear., City omm es within a few mcinutes' w alkr Ap ly to Mfr. Sum. 59, Elgin-cescent, Netting-hill; and to Mr. V. J. Cohier. 3, 3Moourgate-street, city. T EAUENHALOL-STREET.-To he DISPOSED 01?in consequence of the death of the proprietor, the BtENE:FIC7IAL iRASE of a capital spacious SHOIP fs ft. in depth, with dry Cellrge, and Dwellingr over, in this important thoroughfare, near the colonial and corn markets, and veLL adapted to any wvholesae or retail trade. Rent and taxes moderate. The purchaser may take the stock of paintins and prints at a valuation, and have immediate possession, winththe goodwiZllof the humane. Terms andcards to view of MIessrs. Dickscon and Davenport. estate agents, 32, Bisekieribury. (bLD3 CHARLTON, near Blackhleath, and u within five mninutes' wralk of the Charn Son tha Kent Railway. -Tobe LENT orSOLPD, several superior detached and seMi-detachied VILLAS, pleasantly situate, in the Victoriaroad, containing kitchen and the usual domestic ofices, twao or four sitting rooms eight bed rooms, iith or without bathbroom, which is suppled with hot and cold iater large garden, aundance of hard and soft water, good drainage, dravelstcsoicsandogasnsupply, Ratesrandetaxes verymoderate. Rerts varying from £75 to £1w0 per annum. For particulars apply to the Clerkof Works, on the premires. QIUFFOLK.-To be LET, Furnished, from year to year, orfor a term, (Christ Church Park, near Ipswich,) a bIANSOnt,sutablefor the reretismontof a large family, aith eoach-houses for five cariages and stabe gfor 12 horses, the pleasure grounds and gardens of about 10 acres (not of an expensive character), a few; acres of grass, and the right of shooting over the manor and estate of above 1,00 acres, and of killing a certain numb'er of bucks from the park ,yearly. Distant from the IpichaRailvay Station about a mile. For ptnrtiulars apply to Mrc lahe, ES, New Bond-street, weere a plan of tlhehouse may be seen. (315 D.) S fOJTHAMIPTOK.-To be LET, for a term firom LIady-day next, a comfortable VILA RESIDENiCE, called Upton HIouse, suitable to a family of moderate pretensiona, containing dining and drawing rooms, library, 10 bed rooms, good ollices, and conservatory; coach-house, stable, and farm buildings; entrance lodge, and labourer's cottage, with about 20 acres of pasture land. The above is situate on an elevated position, in the midst at beautiful vvoodland scenery, near twvo churches, four miles from Southampton, and three from IRamsey. For terms apply to Mfr. James Ross, Redbridge, South. ampton. R EGENZs.PARK,-To Noblemen, Members of Parliament. and others,-To be L;ET, Funmished, in one of the mostecheerfulterseces in the park, a very delightful RlESIDEN{CE, contanng seveabed rooms, noble drawing rooms communicating by folding doors, dining room, breaQfast, and ante rooms, and suitable domestic offaces; connected is a three-stall sta.ble, coach-house, loft and servants' room. The furniture is of the most elegant and appropriate description, new within the last two years, and has been but little used. T he proprietor is leaving solely ina consequence of a death in the family, This advertisement offers an unusually desirable opportmfity either as a temporary or permanent residence, as the pro rietor IS willing to treat either for the letting, or the sale of the whoerewith the lease. Fobr termns and cards to view apply to Mlr. Bayes, anctioneer, 3, Abehureb-lane, Lombard-treet; or to Messrs Jaclion and Grabham. 3S. Oxfford-street. PUTNEY-HIILs Surrey.-To be LET on LEASE, X entirelyorpartlyFwuished, averyexcellentFASILYrMANsION, with park, pleasure grounds, ec. Theimansion contains a noble modem oak dining hal superior library, with the use (if required) of about 3,030 volumes of boo'ks; an elegantreception or state room (oakl,with painted and elaborately decorated ceiling, i;e.; drawing andbreakf ast rooms, 10 or 11 good bed rooms, bath rooms supplied withwater, excellent domestic oftices, good spring and soft water, roomy coach-house, stabling for six horse3, bakehouse, dairy, fowl-house, gardener's cottage, do. The garden and pleamure grounds contain about six acres, with-charming walks, undulatiun lawn, mound of choicest shrubs and trees, perforated dwarf wails, terraces, Italian flower beds, fishpond, &c., with or v,ithout 12 acres of park land itmmediately adjoining, and the option likewise of a smuall farmn of about 12 acres, wiith cottage, buildings, orchard, &c., lying contiguwous: the w;hole commnandintg the most picturesque viewst to he foeu d in this highly favoured and salubriouts nei-hbourhood. For further particulars apply to MAr. J. WYilson. 2, Field-court, Gray's-inn, London. Immediate possession maY be hatd. ENT.-City of Canterbury.-A most desirable K FRlEEOLD detached RPSIDENCE, lately in the occupation of Charles Sandys. Esq. The house is substantialy bult, has a large garden, vith greenhouses, dc., and is situate inm ridge-street, a leading thoroughfare in the city of Canterbury, within five minuntes' walk of the Cathedral Missionary College of St. Augustine, and Dane John-walkhaving a front age of 92 ft. by 74 ft. deep- It is wvell calculated for the nidence of -a private or professional gentleman and family. To be SOLD by AUCTION, by Mr. POUT, at the Royal Fountain Hotel, in the city of Canterbury, on Tuesday, the 25th day of Marchi at 3 o'clock in the aftemoon. The house (on the romund floor) comprises an entrance-haU 21ft. by-S ft. 6in., library I4'feet 3 inches by 12 feet 3 inches, fitted with bookcases, cupboards, dc., an office with w,ainscot fittings 13 feet 6 inches by 12 feet, a strong closet with vr.ought-iron door and shelves 12 foot 6 itches by 11 feet dining parlour 18 feet by 14, with Frerch icndol leading to the garden. studyadjoining 12feet by9; onthe firstfloor.frontdrawingroomISI feet by 14, garden drawving room 17 feet by 17.11 feet 9 inches high, with French window opening on a balcony 12 feet by 6, overlooking the garden; and on the second floor, three capital bed rooms, respectively 18 feet by 14 feet 3 incbes: and on the tlird floor. two commodious servants' bed rooms, 11 ft. 4 in. by 10 ft. 2 in. The domestic offices are replete vith everyeconveence, and are suppied with good water. There are superior wvine d ale ceUars. Largo coal and wood lodges detached from the house. The gacden is large and well stoe'sed with choice shrubs, dc. There are twro large conservatories 22 ft. 4in. by 11 ft. 2 in.; nnd 18 ft. by 12 it. 6 in. iespectively, bothhsatedwithhot air pipes,g,sdeuer'a potterysnd tool-hauteo; also, twvolargecistems. one of soft wrater, and th oter supplidfiro m the City Waterworks. There is amp le space for a side entrance to the domestic offices and yerd,wYhich ]FINSBURY-CIRCUS.-To le LET, a FAMILY RESIDENCE, replete with eyery convenience,m good substant:al enld ornamental repair-. witah'meit For particulars Trply toJohn Perry,.house agent61,:.=~am p OLLOlVAY.-To be LET, in the Se-en Sister- road, a firt-rate 10-roomeda HOaE, wi& every oonvenjrce nd ,13`i'happearance, t40per ent.,elowtbevalue. Rent£50. Appl t, lessr. RoherIsard inll, 16, HoDes-street, Cavendhsqme O0UTE BELGRAVI&-To be LET, Furnishe, KJ most desirable RESIDE NCE. adapted for thereceptionof a moderate-size fatnily. Forecard.s to view apply to DppaandCouins,3t4 ('rfordl treet 2i3T. GILE 's.-To Builders a1nd Lodging-houe.- 1J keepers.-THREE HOUSES to be LET, together, oaria IEPAftIu GLEASE. Or eAtimates taken forthofongh -epairs. Specifications on the premises, on riiday next, March21 No.20,21, and22, Short'sgardeus; or apply at 2, Canonbury-lane, Islington. TPPER SEYMVIOUR-SREET, Cnmberland-Tte, UJH.de-pacb.-To he LET, for the season, a good-sized HO SE, coutaining three eleantly furmighed reception rooms, dinigroom, breakfast room, and bed rooms. For terms and cards to view apply to W. Booker. 14, Lower Sermour-street and Mr. Grogan, gi, Park-st. LEATHRHEAD.I.To be LET, uaihd L d1etached COTTAGE, cont i to tm'ron d rooms, and most convenientkitche n repair, and, newly furnished.AdrsM,N0.potofc,Lah- AYSWATER.-To be LET, Furnihed, for six or B 12 monthLs, an ih-omdHUE beeidea kitchen, &c.; relU ard commodiously furnisheiL Within five minutes' walk of Kensirigton-gardens. Immedite psseesionmay behad. Terms moderate. Address A. Z.. 22. leso-lc, etoregoe HIGHGATE.T eSL or Let on Lease, a .J.Lsubstantially-ulFA IY ES ECEitcnan a large ecurance-hali, tre lag eeto om,adaxlrebdrooms, Lkitchien, scullery, wiern olclas .. ag adn na plentiful supply of -waterApltoM.ra,goc, igt. 1LIZABETHAN HOUSE, at Norwood, a a E from Palace and ralway, on high ground, and containing four s.condary and three heat bed rooms three lofty sitting rooas, comfortable offices, and good garden. Unfuznished.3tr Alfred C, New Bond-street, and Upper Baker-street. (Fo S 4SD.) QT. JOHN's-WOOD- To be LET,welFrih,a deghtful RESIDENC situate opposite prkcotaining dining aud breakfast rooms, double drawing rooms, five bed rooms, with usual domestie offices, garden, lie, -.coahouestbn, c Apply to J. B., 14, Titchfeld-tenace. U tSSELL-SQUARE.-To be LET on LEASE, u snfurnirhed, an excellent FAMIY RESiIDENCE, in perfect repair. Situate on the best side of the square. Terms moderate Immediate possessiion, and cards to viewr of lr. U. Bose, i(, Southanipton-row. Russell-square. BRETOX.-To be LET, in the most preferable prdgooddraw , breakfast, andoding rooins vth ve: cnveiene.Also an eight-roomed Homse, wth two Vlcur itYou:be rooms, and hro kitchens, th garden. Apply at 2, Park-grove. Brinto vt. NI UIE D . andbUNTURN S eIED HOUSEST, o bernished nor u nefur- cmngsheason frequesting5 earl informantlyionofthef same, anSdalsoo wiithin10 minuteery alkpon the sailway station; comprising entrance h, diuing and drawim g room, spia bed and dressinge rooms, ood offices, and walled-in gfaden. For vpagtiylara apply to any Wafoitmsoc and Sons, uphosteers Guildior BI<CKEATHf Greenwichw, Lee, Levisharn, and the Vicinity.-3r. uaITEIPHREYSinvites the immediate attention of failies in the above locality to his REGISTER of FOR N9ISHEY) arid NUNISHIED HOUSESS to be LET, in the forthcoming season. requesting early information of the sane, and asd of property o£ every description £or sale, hr. H. having extreme difflculty supplyig thenumerous aplicants at his offlce. H rouses of frniture pucraned of families remoring by valuation) to any amonmt.-10H London-street, Greenrich. CREENWICH.-Ao ecellent FeaILY RESi- ~JDENaE, near the Park, to be LET. with immediate posssion;fitted width every convenience, and perfect drainage. Cardstoview and particuhlm of Ir. HumPhreysp estate agent, London-street, GreenwichL (I REENWICH.-Wnteys)de Preses.-To be LET spaions PlREMrISES, as above, with t umerous apartmentpr and coveredm ayto the river, at a moderate rent. Particulars of Mr. Humphreys, estate agent, Greenwich . (IREENWICH.-Tobe LET, seyerdl modern eight- roomed bESIDENCEI, neatly fitted with every convenience ParticuLars of Mr. Humphreys, estate agent, Sun Fire and Life offwiche PEENWICA.-Genteel APARTMent eihtr ~T fmurnshod orunfurnishedt at the residence of a professional gentleman, tobe LET, with mimedrate possession, Cards and particulars of tar. HDmphreyt, estate agent, Greenwvich. ('REENWICH.-To Soffee and Eatinr- House G eepersE-To be L,eT, near the Park, c onvenient PRiEMISES suitable for the above businesses in a leading thoroughfare. Rent hery moderate. Particulns-s of .r. Humphreys, estate agent, Greenwich. GEdEo`s.-To be LET, a convenient ei htL_ roomed HOUSE, with good garden, mE complete internal and exteral eparr. Apply to Mir. Humphreys, estate aget, Greenwich (1REEN'WICH.-ToBeer-shop.-leepers -To be DIS- LPOSED OF, in consequenc of the proprIetor going into another business, sr old-established FREE ane and STOUT bOUSE, in the bestpart or Greewtpc,withgoodelnbeoorr, skittlegromnd, foc. Partridlrs of Mr. Humphreys, estate agent, Greenwnich. REENWICH.-To WharfinSers, Coal Merchants, G tand otbersT.cmo be LET, sia excellent WHt F, c r ith spacious l eaud end ner frontages,tcu P to Mr. mhmpereyss estate agent, (ThD-ESTABLISH[ED PlUBLIC-HOUJSE.-Ir, y PHumpbreys has to DISPOSE of anexcellent old-etabished CONChBN, with spacious apartments, and every conventience for a good trade. Cards3and particulars at Mtr. Hnmp)hreys' estate agency offices, Greenwic'n. G REENWICH.-Capital BUSINESS PREMIISES to be LET. conmnandingly situate, in the centre of the towvn, in complete repair. Particulars of Mr. Humpbreys, estate agent, Greenwich." NOTTING-HILL D30 per annum, or £500 pur- cliase.-Convenient semi-detacried FREEHOLD VILLAS toqbe LET or SOLD. containin nine rooms, sculiery. and garden. These houses me well built. an&inave handsome reception rooms. Apply to hlr. Swain, thelodge, -Nttig-hll. F INDEN-GROVE, Bayswater.-A FURNISHED J unique VILARESIDENE inthsicbarmmngcouatry retreat, to be IET, on moderate terms, to a widow lady, or a small family without children. It contains three bed and twro reception rooms, offices, and garden. Tube viewed by cards only, tobe obtained at Mr. Swain's offices, the Lodge, Netting-hll IOTTING-HILL.-An elewantlv FURNISHED HOIUSE, containing eight bed sn reception rooms, tobe LE. at > guineas per w eelk for six months or alongerperiod. Appy to T =. Swain, the Lodge, Nutting-hill, pRETTY PAIR of VILLAS to be LET or SOLDs, elegantey and substantially built, containing five bed and three reception rooms, scullery, with a kitchen garden in addition to the garden front and rear. Rent £30. Situate within four miles of Oxfordstreet and Piccadilly. Apply at Mr. Swain's office, the Lodge, Notting- 7REEHOLDS.-CoIney-hatch-pnrle-To be SOLD Jja bargain, SIX semi-detached eight-roomed VILLAS (all let) having ever-y convenience, large front and back gardens, in a most lovel situation, close to the station. Purchase RZO0 or part on mortgage. Apply at Mr. Swaiaits, the Lodge, Nutting-hill JOTTING-HILL.-SHOP PROPERTY to be SOLD, to pay 10 per cent. Persons desirous of a safe investment in this esteemed locality are requested to view these houes. Purchase £1,550. Apply at Mr. Swain7s offices the Lodge, Notting-hill. -NOTTING-HILL.-To Cheesemon-gers requirino- LReapital Business Premiss witha first-rate Opening.-To be IEi or SOLD. in thehigh road, a HOUSE and SHOP, with moderm plateglass front. Apply at Ir. Swais offices, the Lodge, Notting-hill. XOTTING-HILL.-Stabling, a BargeAin.-To be N SOLD, the LEASE of a convenient three-stall STABLIh'G, two Double Coach-houses, twvo Dwellng Rooms, Loft; two water-closets. Waterlaido nra.Pricez£175;ortobelet. Applysat 1r.Swaiunsoffices, the Lodge, Nutting-hill. TPAPLOW, Maidenheaa.-Mr. W. A. Oalley has an i exceUent FAI Y RESIDENCE to he LET, furnished unfur- nished, or SelL The house is well situate, and well furnished, including a semi-grnnd pianoforte, double coach-house, four-staU stable, pleasure and kitchen gardens, large lavsm, paddock, &o. Rent very moderate. Apply to Mr. Oakley, auctioneer, 8, Regent-street. 1'lOVN HEOUSE WANTED, for the season, fashion- L ably and conveniently situate to the parks. The house must be clean and well furnished. Rent paid in advance if req*ed. Fall particular. to 1r. 1W. A. Oal-dey, auctioneer, 8, Regent-street, Wateroo-P=a e; or by letters addressed B. I. OLTON-STREET Piccadilly-Mr. W. A. Oakley B has to LET a very comfortable RESIDENCE, wel fitted ip handsomely Furnished, and very cean. Cards of lr. Oakley. auctioneer and estate agent. S, Regent-street, opposite Messrs. ewel and Jamee's. YwTIMELEDON_-To be LET? Furnished, for two 1i months, a delightiully situate semi-detached VIlA RESIDEN'CE, containing fourbed rooms, a dressing room, dining and drawingroos,rind convenientOffices. Ithasagood gardea, and is a short distance from the Railway Station. Apply to Mr. Townsend, Wimbledon. ) LEGENT's- PAH o.-TO be LET Or SOLD, an BLexcellent Fa VILY HOUSE. in front of and overlooking Primrose-hil andEegent's-Park; containing eight bed rooms, noble dining and drowing rooms, ibrary, and ample g omestic offices, with coachhouse and stable if requ. Apply to Mr. Boider, b, Rsegent's-park-- roada, Prigtrose-heil BTETAHARIILNL 1 TorwobOd.-TO be LET on LBe SE, a VILLA rESIDENCE, in thorough repair, and fit for immediate occupation. It consists of larder, wine rnd coal celiars in basement, large entonber hall, dining, dra onl breakfast, and store rooms, and domestic offices on ground Adrr. six bed rooms and dresg room on chamber story. Apply to MIr. WVilloughby, house and estate sent, High-street, NorrvoobiL G!T. MlA1TINs-LA NE.-TO be SOL/D, bY Pr^lvnte K W Tender, that eligible FREEHOID, 14, Little St. Andrew-street, the most commanding corner situation in the neighbouhood, and admirably adapted for a publiohouse, or any other general busineto It is nowv ordered to be repaired or rebuilt, but in its present state ha^s al;vaa-s commanded a goodrent. Addiress B . 2., P.. ed Bull, Sidneystreet, Cambridge. TT°OW MANSION, facing the Green-park, anrd commanding a view of the Crystal Palace and Surrey hills, to be LhsT, elegantby Furnished, for the sosson, or the 60 years' Le:ase to he Sold, at a ground rent. The mansion comprises ll bed rnd dressing rooms, two bath rooms with hot and cold water laid oa, two elegant drawing rooms and boudoir, spacious bali room, dining room and library, withtheusual demestic offlces. For terms andcardsto view apply to Mess. Sm ithand Chapman. auctioneer 2s&, Regent-street. (1 ROSNVENOP-PLACE.-Messrs. SSmith and Chap- mau are honoured wvith instructions to LET, elegantly Furrushed, a T^OWVN MANSION, late the residence of a nobleman, and wvhich can be v iewved by appointment only. For further particulars apply atthelandndandestate offices, 255. RXegent-street. - PORTLAND-PLACE.-Messrs. Smith and Chap- m-an are instructed to I . elegantly Furnished, for th season, a first-ass FAMIY RESIDENCE, containg numerous best =ad secondary bed rooms, four roe ton rooms, billard room, &c. ; excellent offices, coach-houme and tabling. For cards zo view apply at the estate offlics, 2, Regent-street. MARCHINGTON on the Banks of the Dove 1. Staffordshire-To be !L,E a VILLA RESIDENCE. contain - entrance-hall, two sitting rooms, and four bed rooms, iatchen and pantry, arcbed cllars and wAter-closet, flower and kitchen gardens, with stable and chaise-homse. This place is pleasantly situate, about five minutes' walk from the station onthe North Stafford line. Apply tj31r. Kennedy, newspaper agent, 9, UpperBerkeley-street, rortmans siare. 572 ENSINGTHN, close to Lord Holland's Park and JX adjoining Pembroke-square.-To be LET, unfurnished, No: £ oxlcy-road. of handsome eleration, with portico entrance, containing tro parlours, opening wth folding doors into a conservatory, breakfast roomn, four sleeping rooms, l tchen, scullery, larder, wine and coal cellars, and two vater closets; front and back garden. The h omse is in thorough substantial and ornamental repair. Rent £45. taxes lo. Apply on the premises. B7RIGHTON.-No 18 31arine-parade.-To be SOLD. or Let on Lease. L.LNS)O%W N HOUSE, a freehold mansion, nh delightfulsea- views. The ho mec h as recently undergon e ru ost substantal and oram3ental repairs. It has a noble entrancehall, viti rtone staircase, also second staicase, large dining room , break-est room, double d rawing room, H2 excellent b ed reoons, ith al other convenienes for a large fam mily,withall n w improvements. At the rear is a large garden and greenhouse. For further particulars see the Times, March 5. page 4; or bynppl3ing a t the House rom 1° to-i. hYEYM O1YTEH, Dorset.-To be SOLD, %vith imme- V d iate possession, a first-class HOUSE, being aNo. S in the Belvedere of this f -eionable c I I-plae. co nsisting of four sittingrooms. 11 bed rooms. and allstTaeble ofices. Th2e housm is in comupete repair, ar,d has just receivedthree coats of psinttthroghout. It is held under theCorporation of Weym rnouhraterm of h upwards of D years arc unexpired. To etfect an imnediate sale, g l,.50 would be taken. Therlway station, rO i struction. is within 2 yards of the house. Applytto 3r.B. RirWDauer, or to Mr. Brazier. Weyrnontr. Dorset. H EREFORDSHIRE.-RESIDENCE on the banks of the Wye to be LET, from thie 2itha of March next, partially 3Fbrniahed-Forr-lmier-Con; c continuing entrairce hdill. dinirg room 17 feet by 11 feet. drawinlg room 23 fret by 17 feet, smell bosneas room. six bed roomas and ou e dressing room, t two s ervatc r roonls, aid suitab.e o:lices; smell co nerv: t*rry a nd d gaud ga-dorissahllirig for seven iorses. aml coC-ouscl-os; grass land as rc4uired, riot exreedirrg 20 &res. Sceeryno tobe urassd; oo lrurtng shooigetlrior70 acre 111 ofit cver, tihingin he We fur mle. Na iecrr jMp. ALFRCED) COX's two esUblnihents 5n Lo- don, at S4, NeBarBnd-tet, and2, Upp)erBaker-street, Reget'alurk, afford very great faciites in prcuring e ates,houe, Jw~. a nd ,operhsae registered at both offices by instructions given at ans taluatd Wgnes, Is. monthlly, obtanble also by calling a St MDorgate-steet.- U NIQUE MASION and small PARK, in Han nDe&rLiPhool;,forSqT;E, Freho0dandinerectorebCh dy, with exquisite views, beautiful rounds, eonservatr,y ,aAeuer'j cottage, tablng, meadzs>, and wood 24 ares ij all, moreobtain. able.-Mr. Co,l Boad-street andjYper Baker-street. (Fo.5 5G1 bSTATZ; in SURRliY of 176 acres, for. SAiLA wYitn E gentlenuw,' kolrt h¢ieo,i slikogan ms Situate. 1.~ ~~~~~wti ttl iut,four miles from Goumball Station, aiGiBrdlor 2,fperBretonlyh . Alred Cor,64,Newrodre 2, Veer 3Baker.street.(0554 14ESIEDI2NC in Surrey, for SALE or LETTINg, .JLS) fumisned or unfurnished. with nine acree of land, a walk from Betchworth Station,beee leatanDrin.na111,it gardena, stabling. ,"andea's etgaget-ad Alregd oar, Ne Boitnt street and Upper Baker-street. (Pa. 5, Alfed34 RUSTIC COTTAGE ORNEE, near Dorkinm, on a 1PSOM LINE.-For SALE or L-ETTING Oil) e t RESDENCE,high and dry, at Banstlead, Wih~ It contains three , Zc., zi l-hIr. ~~~~~Alfted Cax, New Bond-street and UJpper Baker-street. (Fa. 2.627.) 1BEAITIFUL LITTLE ESTATE for SE (Free- .P hold), in the hilYcount*rynear Bury St.Edudscnisngo a large OOTTAGE ORNEE, with 54 acres of ic r, entran lodge, oacbman'st house, consernatory finmegarden stabling, and far Yard. Drawing StNew.Bond-street anaUerBk-set.Pa 3. ELICESTERSHnEE.pFo SALE, a modernt-bv.ts Tnth gardens. entrance lodge, stabling, and paddoc}. Elevated and siato hall to staircase NOTTS.~~FURvies, godgrdeSIECE ute a regoentleman's eryoarg family,ined cotsneill lad uth grounds, cnighodurh n, o,tw mile onrom ae a hlist -laesralw aynd tin-r. lfred Cox, Newv Band-street, and UypperBaker-street. (Pa.52. .AYorkshire. near tw andaie urarilway.d IcOltiD hasal twod stichasem three good recalep rooms, four best bed, dresng, and bath rooms, AIfred Cox,New Baud-street, and eerstreet. (Bo.n5.621. oruSTofBed SoME SET. etaeB MANSIoON atd eCredon, sa vie goo garden, dtabhe, ang and conserv, ato OFFE3Ein, fournIshedoury andfthehbegsing t bed elhambertw dresstn rooms, bloue r nd rooodms, garden. lrs'ingero-r. a stfred COr bewiond-reet, and UPPer Baakee-street. (Po. 55520.) RUS in IJRBE.-Handsom dsomelyNFSHED 1~LIZAEETHA toUSE,betweenol, tNor,]aywodandr .L! Coyon, at mie frmgnere, dertahed aon hig peroundnU, ord oe neainin four second Paind s hre best: consbedrooms,the latisg roasomfortableg oficesg, and gooadag grden., library.iosbedMrvtAred Car,en.eBarUred GM Nend-stree,aad erkeCsret. ( IrBak4e0 - elemwORTl.-Detabhed RESIDENCE,S furabshe oar un acrnter on erav, fine minutes' farom b teriod station; creebest, aroor seon bed roomfus, three sittsg nooms, and anesormer,-MAred Car, UeBrs ew. Bntrt and7. Upper Baker- ]ELEGTEND, HURlTea foTR 13ld en- Thefesrane.tabuingdarmtyar,w gren,andtseu olnyiconserqtoy,aena RSDEN-CE' ob LET Imfgonxuraised havring noebled,tv drawingan diningrgonm, brstobd. chMbers, Al o,d Call lel decOrsteret.rcan Alf C Upper Baker-street. (r 2.o65r612 URElAIr. ALFIEI.-H0nJosoanelmywy FUNSE ~N- N, atSIKEnSinton, for the seasonwor permraen, egtlyas lsthe Lae.Frnture, an or ainu6tieasfo Sale Tw consestvatorive, gar-e bed~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~-ig rom rsg iinuad ladstros irr g,00srand dens stblig. frm-ard orcard an padeck4 sereat-Sr.,ande, Cat, New Bond-street, olfr Upper BakerBo4-street. Upaper5. er6s2et eleanUReS.-Detli e RJSDES,iEnCE, murithstneinghbo and& lamn acre: ofpeasure anfikitengaiordben, justr beod Pelsmn- creocet, britonG:os s ned ro upstirs th sit root on ondthoOr otreices Gadrebeir. -lrbu. AledCa N Bondo o Uho50yer.houttheIeauseof awm lagesmi-detrhe thsiee ofrnu- t dhe lwerg5gasu .r ofre Cox, yeaws ;oud-0tree,oand street andUpper Baker-street. (Fa.),02.) 1t?[RYMPTONE.-ExnsVSel FURNISEDRTYI-~ tohlE, lCe. inovigton-qre: ea or p rising fi vet bo, ta riesponge tenans,t5and twing r oams,iTheores, and gaden, Efectsa n hexnre bEight roines,a week for torthre sinonts sevdens guinerasOg 3a we btaill endof. Alliser. rAfred Cos, , Bonewo-street, or UpperBaker- Utreet. kerstreet.. in o3.159. be roo r dnin, any lre arfas the lurbamoeiba, cnseatoyr wtre garn, C, New Bond-street, ann Upper Baker-(Freet. stree. (Pa9. 269, B S Ae, feraeeofor26 SeaLs pronr,LETT G ret Wof a poe elannuat well- bult aSd ineCeS good iandr impring ner.Shoteusr bentsgro £5: or p £e3aoh-Mr. Alfred Car, New Bond-street, ar Upper Bal;er-street. (5Fo9.3 9 TEGofT FURITEU for GRU, lSe,atsr60pear, witJohn ritoodt t he ee Oof lre 5 psedted for esidengcae1. pae effet are Sadeant, -new a lartefu SAt oldt plonasl m ionied ma- hofseth owner ing ab.MrAxedr. A lfred C a, New v Bo nd-street andper Upper Baretr (Pa. 5.612.) T ofALE IRAEEI OD I ASIJohn's-wood,-Carl- bed Jrooms,b aondodresin rofS oo, noble adradoing dingbsing,a breaast rooms, l dn, with spac garden.t-cJens cots nservat, and t Couses alfred Cas r New Bond-street, Po UerB see BaPor-stret4.(o.,1. PAODGIT;hONSE, in FnearPqarlia ont-str ne ofa Alth braames'idncestmg in Mancter -uil and ings0 ramed, pren oniy, allp year All3- thhouse fituenus, gasfttings,e andnearl and thel furniue wt eas e of six. yateaurchs. .mr.yAlfred ar,-3New oned. C,Bodstreet , and Upper Baker-street. (P o. 300SLl ^ PARTMENTS, in For longequre, an eco arspostiblef tenant dat£5 pegroannm. There adresstw,-goodmoue and extensqived anotherbedmroomie ltl attendance. Afied Ced, for a fen-sreet ora yeaUly.-NewBeon-street, and.3 pper,5a9er-stre.) IFo. W.) SET of HOUSESS, i forSL, letatn£oeach, nishedL and ohereno other inmate vUbest part of St. wooa Wingle genUeman, or at mort t wo perast o e pitcase roomo bed churnber, andL dressing room en smlte.-MIr. ledC Newv Bond. street, or Upper Car -streetaker-street 3,0.) RE. AHLFRED COX has AProTmrIoe oTSr c isr Surrey, near Leatferhea50 offered temporaiuBn or pernt£ently annmor without board. consisting of a sitting Am and oneor tS voae rooms, in E detached Aesldence, at a pretty reetaand-Upr and street.tr(et.5(Fo. 5,6043 ) DLOT of FREEHOLD GUSOUESSo Kbe DISPOSED or OF roomed a residenctabe, winthagarden. Adacentlrbest paric ot Is hmgtous dofg a like laJdr. alfred car,dNew' Bond-satreet ad Upe. Ar be n'osing ofle ao pive the onvate hoqusres anduh adjoining busi. Pigmises, all lnett'onlense to loiret-clssteant asnt £7 eranm adhl VREEHIOL LANLI} D.-For SALB, r 2yitha al0mnute£'walr of tueDartfordcailway6stton,rent,a lfot, CaugibenldOTroft , and UpeBerstreetd o(Pma3 in0mo exten- svevlews. Suitableforaurstclssvillaor apairofr a few w hiee therestegreatew ossible, ant. Siz52 freet fronage, 260feetdeep. Titlegood. Prien X15n0.-r.Johm Aflen, auctioneer-, Bexley-heath, EUSINESS PREoIISES, i reet hueen-street, oppo- nishte the Freemasons? theri ll be LrEc withvore,to out theo fumiture and fitthng- a capital DW'G-HOUSE, ivih miodem shop front. These premises have been profitably occupied as a coffeeihouse, to gmca theyr at mdepted, or snight. vith sittie erxoeo be dltered toany otherebusineg r or terms appleatd Cr. Jenwinesoffice, 2, Southampton-street, Str(nd. TAUALFE SITE.-ClerCenweaL-To be LBT, on T a BUIrIrNG EAaSE, a a arge coter PILOT of GpROUND, with' with corwithout board, onsisting of asittingfor shops and other burpose. Moeytil beadvncedto arurcaseor tater to carry out tbhe urooms, in apo detached residnce at anprettylngc.-For rticulars andly posscsone, thatdesirable, subtan' Bakerstreet, (Pa. IIE 5,6044et Coyo place, pn the oishstaedt, aroyds contor 10 toos, he th aommonious s-eop,ewith moderm-rassigon. tgo water-closetso and otheravelil, and a medzet den, vieth baclkentrarce. pply to Ror a pair of villa,o c. Kent,~~~~~~~~~a US01 ES PREMISES,t GretSeen-tretnopo BsitNeReDHOUSvEr-To be LET, awt w asitoutae ftand fopitteings cvapitaderDWEoing-HoUS a womesith modememne ishoe fron gThee p remisekhvee b. The pofitably ocuid neasa offeehosie, to whticah they angstreatedrmuight,with liorttole tex e, beuiltered to anyst oer business. For Taute appeyrtso Jeonk ns co.'s o9i 2,d seondafloonstarelet. Strnmd.aep&alniiyb a.Api c LnA-ROlEr to H.TECeM e an d So 61 CEu,niore es towbard.andDI nVSE, solc to abLET dmehsti ereemnt dr Edituather iu. ateadm anstreet, Cucknea uall;q reor tio Mr. turell,ame uc th ae a ationeer 1,Walraak city.£cmmecu Snrrey.-s beU LEndthi an LASvm3E,or6 otherwietith. inuedfiat pos sescon, thatoesrsabelet substantilyeecPtEedHOUSE 2,Y b lethad odplce.intbyelHigh-streetF, Croydon cotining 10d romst'I6, Cbanesieth commodioust tbhp witetho modern plate-glasinss frst,f andpigt enRtrnce twor watr-nclosets,t fcss Ens and ote cnenece,an oder autesiroedga1den, with hacketryancBe. plyra toa Robe crt W,Puller, ouseage&. i J. CODG{ING-HOUSE.-to be LET, Tat a fasinadoor 1-Un front of the house, completelyPurnished,with three-fap maho gany desk brass standards, large press, bookshevcs, gasfittings, and large iron chest; well suited for the ste of arespeetable solicitor or any other professional gentlema requiriiga central situation. It 2315 behead separate or with the addiSion o} a comnmodious sitting room adjoining (the latter un/fumished). There are lkewise other mroms if required, the wihole being on the ground floor. Apply on the premises, 41, Gerctrd-street, Soho-square. WEST WOODHAY IJOUSE near New-bury, 2- W miles from Kintbury Station on the Berks and Hunts Biranca of the Great Westem Railvay. This spaoious mansion. beautifully situate, with excellent offices, and a productive walled gardent, 25 acres of meadow land, and the exclusive right of shooting over the manor, omprising nlearly 1,500acres, is to be L,ET Pmsnulshed, with immediatepossession. Lord Portsmouth's bounds hunt the country, and Mr. Asheton Eniitb's and the Craven meet within an ens3 distancePar particulars apPly to Messrs. Maltby, Robinson, and Jackson-i: Bank-buildings: or to Mr. Cornelius B. Davis, land sureyor. the Hitchen, East Woodhay, near New;bury. FULHAM, (North-end,) near Rensington Railway Bridge.-Omnibuses to the city every five minutes-EOUR semudetached YVlS. containing 12 large rooms, will every converence; 34 feet frontage, 1.4 feet deep; rooni for stable at side. VSery open, healthy. gravelly soll, and good drainage. Three yeara' agreement. 440 per year, or 20 years lease at £18. Ground rent for £20. Also, Four semi-detached Cottages; gardens back and front. Rent. onm agreement, ;fs3to e32; or20yearnlease-£l0. Ground rentforr£200A thrce-roomed Cottage. twaostall Stable, and Coach-house. Rent £13. Apply to Mr. Bond. 10, Dorca-terraco, Hammersmith-road; Mr. HarrLison, stationer, 2, Aldermanbury; or T. F., 6, Busch-road, RoB Ehenlle. T EAD WORKS.-To be SOLD or LET, a large lA MANUPACTORY, inBirmingham, now infulloperation, consisting of a white lead works, capable of making 25 tonsper wreek, with grindigandpit stones complete, by Fairbun a composition and leadpipo mill byEaton, arolimngmilbvliusb, 8 feet6 inches wide. and a steamn engine of 50-horse power. dhe wole of the miachineDyis of the best construction, end contains ili the latest improvemettur The workts have afrontage of 100 yards to the Bimingham Canal, are within a quarter of a mile of a goods and passenger railway station, are of modern erection and meet substantial charater. Apply to Boxs b9.rost-offlee. Brm2Teehauy rrIIE GOODWILL of a first cIass old-establi5isea BUSINEDSS, and the Leasee of thc desirable Premisra-To be DlSPOSEdDOF, the GOODWILL of an ex:cellet old-established BUSINESS, of a lirofitablc descripxtion, easily managed, and not roequiring iui..- previouknow;10ledge of the same:. togetherwvith the Lealse of the desirable Shop and Business PZromises, with DwvellUng-house. in a west s-nil thoroughfare. rginidum, for lease and goodwvill, £10. Tho stock., imp to;£2,000, to be purchased at a valuation. The opplortunity ot secluing such anl established business, writh an exteunvue connexian, pl inripaly among the nobility and gentry, is one that is rarely offered, - andis ort th atenionat ny n f Usiness having rood masts,: Par artculrs ppl toMesrs.MauellandElliett, auctioneers 12," .illvhii-lne, ity an Beirav-sqmare(conerof Halkin-place).
ISS BURCHATT, deemscd.-NOtiee to Creditors Al adDIebtors,-All personsbhaving CLAIMS upon. the ESTATE of he-ateMis ELZABTHBURCIIATT, of Creswell L.dge-,Old Bromtonarereqestdtosen inparicuarstheeofto her exeall debts uetotheeate'isyreaie. Solicitorsto the Executrix. lit . JoHN BREWER, deceried.-All persons ,LYk hvIn an CLIMSupon the ESTATE of Mr. JOHN IiIEWR, at ofHih:sret,Sontliwr"INVbrshmker aind warebousemn, deeased,or up thelalte urn of b er anid t;mith, of the samep lce,arerequste imeditDl t forward the particulais of suchplaimstometherm er,,j:adalpesn indebtedto the estato of te sid 3 Brweror tthsadle rmrerequested to pay the amout o ther rspecivede-bts t efrhih JAMESMATTEWS,Soliitorto the Executors of the said JohnBreer,10,Basinghali-street. PURSUANT to an Order of the High Court of LChacer mad ina cause P Cox against H Il, the CREDITORS ef WILLAI~ C-O, lateof Charlton Kig, iunthe'county of Gloceater, arcitet, whodie inor about the m5outh of July. ]=,5) are, by their soliitos, n o beorethe 10th day of April, 185, to come inL and ~~~ove or claims at the chambers of the Manter -of the Rlsyr,Chancery-lane, Middlesex: or. in default theeof thy wll e premtorlyexcluded from the benefit of the said ordr. uesay,the15th day of Apria 181, at 12 o'clock a,t soon, at the aidchamers isappointed for beaigad aduiaigupon the clals.-ate ths 1th ay of Mrh 86 GEORGE HITING,Chief Clerk- DURSUANTt au re of the Hi"h Court of 5Chancery, made in a cauae, "1 James Goodwin 2an others against William Stevens and others, tho CREI)ITORS of WILLIAX STEVENS, late Of BraYwick, in the parish of Bray, in the county of Reek, gntlman whodie in r aoutthemonth of October. 1842), are byther oliitos,on r bfoe te 1thday of April, 185, to comein nd povethei detaatthechamersof the Vico-unsnijellor Sir illam ageWOo, atNo.11.Newsqure,Lincoln's-inn, Mididle- Ageo, ntdfoult Shref,th, waillnhea- thebenfitofThesi torde r. e of . tperm Hoigy exclde fro agansttheRevrenThmasBaed neday others," day of pDTRii186 ot 12HO'cloc aTneORNT, lat te ofsaidchbegrove istenappoin tedforuerngy and adjudi sicatingguponthe cbemforaed this 31t day of M6areb,186, t V3oeDhanWIllIAMS Gin oley,ballSoaenburdgs, Biughall'-stee, Londdoe, Asex tfor,i deamltesrmihe Midf ha, thywl eprecTtar exludedntIf ol icior bnfiRoSteUaiT ordr anhOrsderyo the dyo H pig , Court of a'coakins the- Revrendon atthemesBaker candoters, i apithedCrheDiTORS are, by aingpDtheieslictos,n -rDbfoedtheis4t day of March, 1858Wt com i ad pov teirdetatthFcAmbers ofII ChisHnur therk Vice-hancllor in AKeERy 3, Stone-buldg,an,cat'simnristrdde-t sex o, ndfaltthrof,te wa l beerpeeoftohil exluded fortomf benfitof hesai orer caurseday, .Kacl the 3ddaEoDAril, 8 S ofl 'cockin he oreoon East thersaidcinambers isountyotf forThearingle and ajudiatin upo the lilms -Dte this caus day of, Marh. 1iedo, * London,y hei Plitfs olicitosonrbeoretes. ayo PURSUANT to a Dtecreeof, they Hbg Ceepourtl of--Chncer, mae ina caseayo dere. Thursday,the 1CREdITOR of WILLAM K E, f Eat norsne, in the si chaunty of Surry,ogntle-o buu thutspte on the p ednsJhsclaumsenamed, (whos1 died on th e 8hdyfJl,184)oesn cLaimin to be nCumbrfnClers o hisres esate, re,by heisliciOrsG, onoefore Stheand Lodaynof Apri, 186, o coeinandproventhir dsAebts.o lis ttecat beUr SUfteieCANcellora Sirdeoh Sturt 12, Oldsqure LColurt - inn CMilesexory, m intdefal mthereof1,they wille peFrmemorly ex-t luted of Wriksuroe,tbi bnfitin the saddcre.thursMiday, th Esqth day-o capri,e8d, atl 12ron oclokatminoon, at thEDsIdTchamber, isd happoIntedfor biesarfcingtend aESdiATin uon the csaim FA-NCIS WThisoeth dayo February. 1856, ALFRED. HALL,. Chie Clerk HOIAEIl, OFTUS, adYOUG thew-n,Srand, tewfLondon P UESUAN to an rder ofthe Hig Coer Turtdaof ties afectig the ESTAT of te sai FRANCS WATS, deeasd citosn orbeoe the o 7hdyofpi,15, ocm nadprv thiolam,attecamesofteMatro thediRoll s,i thectoes theard,Cancery-ante,sMiddlsx r indeduefasultytereof,db theyswib paierEm dwordlSealude from hebenegtaof tharesai JordAler.t hursay onthe 2t day of April,t 1856,oat 12 O'clockeatnoeon, atdthesid exchambers, 1re7thedaybof MarhoaRges.18f56. G0, Fe Murchisteft CLerdon Joiio,adTomas WillamS 12er, LNscln's-inn-edr solchitortur te nowlisatte olcedmfthestatid Tofmhesaidm Francis Watt, Fnh NOTICE is hereby given, that by an indentureber ingdated the 2 th day of Mnarch =, 1nd8,d bAetweSenWiain SEaRLer oFar Nof New-cut. Labehx the county of Surrey,,bDo hard o- untaJhnWrgg of thiStatheield,in Bathed Crounty of Nk ewpotiaoemand,an Chatbrlartates Jon ohrthKemp de n ters of No ,Crete~he crditorsLondon. wal,in theia cityleFi of Lodn thaaesmand inarut, for the senerat ofhe suc rofthvel creditors of the said JaesEiaSarm Saske should execthe theisme adrthateo seatidondntuerewonainedulyheecatdhy LheAld JTamedwFAIrdSl,oh WraASSGg, andfer CarleSe JOhvAer Kllmhi onTAThEdaynftedat thereo, i wbthoev prsnceesofvand uthei texecuion arel attesterd by.uThomstn Nogeirs,o Hnry7 FPacrsons,pntrast, London, solicitor, and ethomas William Roegers, -his clerk-e r; and scineture nonwtliesd atthe offie ofur.I&,adb the said ThmahRges,atNoa7, tanhrdb streeth aforesaid,=fo insectionarnd rexpecutioneby,o the rdtors. ofth sadJanuay. dw.ard fsioexecutDedchin lthe pesy ofMac, 1858.esedby HenrAugstusSTHoMASfth cOGEty oBrstoli ocitor;to n tetrusthees SalmoFncanurDb-ktreet, cinanty. hlscabr,EntLfy npc toTIan E ecuisi btherebdiven,o that byd Wilan Indlkentrer Nae dteds 1the day of M auch y, 18618 daebewenWlla letesle,A1,d0WINiaudHnr ParIsons, alsoo Newportscamboresa, leathrseler, rustes fr thmslve Soldctherestof the crutedios o h said imSTElker OFaIrCftE, Seondtpart,nbuadndghese,ra othe poindonsgwos nAmes. 188ad. a nselsoer therut subEGiBed S and st bengrespectivelyta credeitor cfthlaidin Wilia StalEDIeRSFir of theOo thr part,ffor the nideaintherein ontApinedK-6, th oe sid WLand benr ofthoreditors HofhSim theosaid Rose,i StalkerFar and that the said . inenture wauuyepedb h oftesaid WlamSale Fair Samoad Icknsn,i SaintNichOlas-chambrs Ma sona forinsec tin AneeutinDbtEL cROEdtRS, Soficthe,said Willia Staker Faro.- thate thes7t CR yof March 1858.TVR Xw -PNfo h sesno Spf .aMnd h anSbCip NSON,r Sot.iuesopen-chrouhbters year an soicit t-ercBristol, Soictrorsg to othe Trustes. EXEATER'sALOFFICE,oUthaS~'o-ulig 1t TLAyXELMarhe,ho5.-nthel isMtatteri othe oinot Sockn Copantoftes Winditrng-upActs,g148ond t8o8 Oarnd cof te theTres,ONE.BrISand CARTELSONE FA WORKTLNAINND COTLMGratY-ortlimd-i -IzherebyDgaven grtatmallbpartiemclaiming tobeedEITR ro hi oonpany6d, are,ono befo;reatelhdayts of. Apri, 12g8 to comeu dinanes .6d rov ttheirdaebtis.befre the Fort Georg Roserr, th.er Mastter.o thmie is Couremnbto hancerychagdwt tlIha-eo deswidinsupofnthuesadCmpn aThiRcamers Irn souZAh ARponbIEig, Chanietry-lne,wt sand ung, they sghal ticoesi thywilb precludedndwa from lertommncingth ordiproseutng moeanyparoceingforrcvr of th eir debse and welko noticelis hmere-i byasader givaesn,dthateThrsdlay.sthet1stday oeofnay,156,atl2ofbothe c l ta i m .GsRS. ARUNEL OGES, oliito,ES, Old Je,ry, London, PORTUGAL HOTEL, Metstreet,-E LnELon.C RIDLR ofersherbast ngrcrs,t the pbi o thea libereal exeUolto eseve nbetensionftuatesthepost Seaofenthe fadlsts,os. 6eerdnne, wis,; bed rooms, Ihse;drwingefroo,incaludingwa lights,o as.privthed roomteng suit,m7 Atenss d.anc nigh, A nimtorter. raecatrgefor-srvantsinro and bedroielut,l.;beros is LLEP2s C.' s. brekfst,osited 2Sta;plain dners%s fdot stattendace Is.d 'eia.Pr adSer,s.e. pe bot2e. amiliers, andm ganentlemerb the heo Alcagefrcnls icniud TERRE:t Mos AHAItParitrNtitsadn thOigYrieA frviin HO ndL wipper Nowodalteratini the orinlary and modeate tardriffi cofnthisn largte and wsHoell.n-neTabihmenotyis made.gy Carriagestr adprerspecalwlys inaortedtatce onligrrivaly ofiboats mIansio HOee tEL tersdencLofSrES G arig , Den, Eat..wllCb- open lion te:2t Proprietor tMereceptiSnEof Tishtel, cu te oamethe ltres ROAnd besTEsituate iPri betwaee prpitherardnde Tanilementand the Plae enduHmel. ihseparticularlyedisigusedoamewongothersrforth qaueenty ofits sltitupationandte comfortseofaits yarpartmesents.uTlyvel c illd dad besides evewry comfort the smost supercomioratines and texcelen restuireant ait-very moderateaprices,l uinhpracigFoe Show tteCytU alj HOTEL F h leentyo whireet Lothndel ron.-C J..RILOEIt oferhr beSt tankd toNtHepubicftHeAibRal T P LPatoaeSheh Palread beepn'favouertedwih anFIll ORDeherhes ThexerTions Toeeve anextensionofthatrsppot. Shners a opened fa& l NIes OffeSrom-wic wllsmen able thoewhprefcrTto avoi theD expenseeo ahe pvaubytesittin oroom,lBeds Is,r. aox noigthend. amoder- rae hrefo sRErAntsPTEin theLS mubill.i Th famLe's, h iu en mn HOTEL, dpposi edStatfordsteoertioot situaion. oderaten chwarges,i. PartedulaIs, onrcdip andstadiners,efro esoped. ;RtInHARDoS, Is, Co,manewuriacturenrs17andce.v whichopaiscaneter vt-hen hlo thel ntirtelytsparaeufosh. tvn saiu cfe-roomandT asepUat FLadiER'cofe-zomha00be padded,sPar OLppFOsite Sfo Stafod-tret i Bacfrarles-rorad. rS fr2 d cleegy,landigentry arelspeciallyeinformedbtht thek deihtfllyhosituasters mansionrecentlysth residen ce, ofd lst,wtir Gog enny,n Bort.will be oapened oneth 20th inusl-fur te reepio ofviior2tms, bydthes namEPof theLQueN',sHoel.dThase distingushedl postefreeswh hoorr h B EAUTIFUL FLOWERS ~-Choice annual and JLVperennial flower seed, for present sowing, and early bloomingl00pcketfors, :0 ,3,; 6,2sCd. orlforlIs., postifree; also the follwin frm nw ad prze lowrs,at d. per packet: auricula, caleolris cieraia geanim, ainlli fowered balsam, scarlet phlo coen canons miulu, seetvioet,verbenia, pansy, piimula, and nni; aso ll he mst sefl vgetbleseeds, in cases of ills., lOs, ls. orlO, ech A escipivecaaloueand sample packet can (iRASS SEEDS.-GE ORGE GIBBS and Co., 26, ~X Dwn-sree, Picadlly,begto anouce that their mixtures of GRAS SEDS fo lyin lad dwn,topermanent meadow and pasure ar ne redy Prce lls pe ace,to suit all Soils, (allowing two ushls ad 2 ib pe ace).Mixtresforimpovig old gross laud is per1k;due awngras, I, 3d pe lb.Ordrs or h olonies G IARDELN EMBELLISHMLENTS and 1IMPLE- NIMENTS of HORTIGULTURIE.COTTAM and HLALLENT have arranged in their show rooms for the season a select assortment, appertaining either to the cottage or a nobleman's mansion; comprising garden chairs'vases. and fountains, from the cheapest to those of a more expensive and ornamental character; garden rollers, garden engines, lawn mowving machines. garden bordering, garden stakes, g-7ardntooles, randfa cmplet collsuetionro qarticesi pain anpld tora meentaln wirmersk for itheprtection of fau lt trees thve tos,alootof 0 servatorie band grcluhedse, arend moanufactrer tof everulwy stariety of fning ndon gAtdes.AIcllusratedctaloge andorasGoewings.fre, Ronprblicthe; to Cota andwro Ilallen, iron w-ourks 2d Winole-street, x S FARMR-HSHandAENoTSM.--Ah qabttyove arOTOice is mnfcturd cofdtn supeior qual tityed suppli edat eaesand farmIo er in quantstiieds, ofe ntriles tha prove tons atb£5 lOs '- entA brats incued,feeoyoado to any railwayn station in jr hit he;torn. B. Borownmpo,nEq.,2, A ldamscut en 1Bradstret ~~TROUGHT-IRON STEAM ANS dpe for VT maufactringchymists, for SALE,b rvaeCnrat i. -one,16 f. by7fs,and 1 ft. 8 deep; seve dit,ec bu it. LUMIIUM,-Persons commerciTally interested AIn th production of this valuable m't.ts,t may HEAR of a, PROCESS by Pwhich ft can boiproduced WithTfallity, and inabqndance, by applying to P. Stevrens, International Patnofie 3Eekx atreet, Stra ndnntodce 3 BSx COTlTRAoTfor spPla lAS. MEIARTIMENT of the COMPTROLLER for VICTUAlLaG, Somierset-houjse, March 5,1858 rFEHE Co mmssoners for Execating the Office of J,L LordHIgh Admiralof the United lligdomof Great Britain and Ireland, do hereby give notice, that on Thursday. ther 27th instant, at I o'clock, the will be ready to treat with such persona as may be willing to CONTRlACT forsupplyn and deliTering into Her Masecty's VicualingStresatDptfVd thndermentionedARTICLE, i.d:- Spilt reas;_ 300 quarters, half'tobe delivered In oneinoooth and the remnainder in one month afterwards, or earlier if Preferred by the petty tendering. Tenders may be ,made for the whole or sny portion of the peas. Their Lordships reserve to themselves the power, when tho' tenders are opeed, of contracting either for the whole or forsuch part thereof only as they may deem lit, or for a greater quantity, or of not contracting for any, and also on un,limited power of selection. - Samoples of the pea (not less than twro quarts) must be produced by the parties tendering. The samplesproduced by person whosetenLders are not accepted are requested to he taken away by them immediately safter the contract No endrwil e rceied nlas adeontheprinted form provided for he urpse,andwhlcmaybe btanedon application at the said offie; r t Comandr Bds, oedctlgthPacket Service at Liver- Theconitinsof he eviedconrac, t wichparicuarattention is alld,maye senat he ai. ofic; nd lsoatLiverpDoland No tender will be received after I o'clock, on the day of treaty, and It wll ot e rquied hatthepary tndeingor n aenton bis behalfshold aten atthe ffie onthedspof cntrct,as teresult of Evey tndr mst e ddrsse t th Serearyofthe Admfralty, CO-NTRACT :or PROVISIO_NS an.d COWTHIG. GREENWICH HOSPITAL, March 18, 185. N OTICE is herey gven, tliat the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospita v.i be ready, at noon. on Monday, the Sis intat, o rceve eald ENDRS orthe SUPPLY of the fol- 1. lou. fom oun Enlis what,dremedthrough sieve No. 60 R Mleat (be, mnutton, suet, and pork), Mmmontbs. 3. Potatoes, CLOTHLING. 4 Stockings and Soc'ks, to the 31st of December, 1856. Printed forms of tenders and any furtheer information may be obtained at the Steward's office 10 days previous to the a7bove-mentioned Monay,the31s intan. bt n tederilbe eoelvedi.fr rl2 o'clock on hatday nr aceped ro an paty hohasnot seen the samples of he iffren aricls kpt y te Sewad,nor unfless the person tendrin, o soe prsondol auhersedon his behalf, be in sttenanc, t gie ay xplnaton hatmayberequired, andto sign the ecesar doumet o ageemnt.TheCommissIoners do not. conide tiemilve bundupo al ocasinsto acempt the lowest CITY of LONDON U1NION-Contmacta for Suoppies.-The Guardians of the Poor are ready to receive T:EWDERS for the SUPPLY of the followIng ARTICLES, for three or six monthls, from the 25th of March instant, namely:-Bntchcr's meat, grocery, chee-semongery, oilmans goods. flour, meialniss goods, and printing and stationery for12 monthB. The tenders tobe sent on pited forms only, wvhichi ma be obtained at the'Union offices, 51, St. May-xe here samples of th prZ sosmyb en The tendiers to bset to me at or be fore 1 0 M9cokoaTudy, th e 25th ins tant, an d the parties are requested to attend on the same day at half-past2 o'clock. JOHN THOMA RWSkLL Clerk. 51, St. Mlary-axe, March 10,18356. TJMH BOARD of WVORKS for the ST. GILES's X DISTRICT.-The Board of Works for the above District hereby give notice, that they wil 1, ready,. at their office 199. Holborm, on Monday, the 24th day of March inst-, at half-past 9 o'clock- in the forenoonlprecisely,to receive sealed TEN'DERS fromparties whomiay be SW,tCOTRACT for the general WORKS and REEI'AIR to PM. drains, gratings, water-closets, pridies, flnshing, and sail lifting, and otlier matters and things connaected therewith, according to a schedule of price ntow lying for inspection at the above office. The contractor will have to specify at how much under or above the said schedule of prices he is willing to carry out the required works. Thie maid Boad do net bind themselves to accept the lowest tender, and the Party whose t-ender shall be accepted-will be required to provide two xesponssble sureties for the due performancec of the sold works. No tender wil be received after the hour above-named. March 18, 18q5 6. O OBERT P1IN6IS, Clerk. LT. MARY Islington.-Met-ropolis Local Manages mreut AL-io Contractors and others.-The Sanatory Conimittee ofthisParishwillmiee-tatthe Vestry offices 21, Milner-squsre. Iliungton, on Mdonday next. the 2ith day oftMarch instant, atl o'clockp).m., for the purpose of receiving sealed TE\NDERS for a CONTRACT for CLEA SLNG the various OURTS and ALLEYS throughout the P'arish for a period of 120 months from the 25th day of March instant. Formaso tender may be bad on application, and the conditions uporn 'which the tenders are to be made, with -the draft of the proposed contract, may be seen at the office of the Vestry as above, between the hours of 'land Z. N'o other form of tenader wil be accepted. ARl tenders are to be left at the said office of the Yestryon or before 2 o'clock onMonday next. Persons tendering are to attend inpersn or byv their authiorised agent at the said meeting of the Committee, The Committee does net bindiLtaelf to arceptthe lowest or anyv tender. Marc 18 IM By order,. JOHN LAYTON, Vestry Clerk, 1I)ARISH of ST. -PANCRAS, Middleser-Wcsrk.L house Corutracts.-The Direct~orsof thePoor ofthe mid Parishof St. Pancras will meet in the Vestry-hall, King's-road. Pancras-road, on Tuesday, the 25th Mda of March instant. at 10 o'clock ini the forenoon, to receive TENDR erd to CONTRACT with comapetent persns for the SUPPLY, for 12 mionths, or suchL otbkr perod asthe saiddl)rectors miay dieterneine, of the following ARTICLEs, for the use of the poor in the Workhouse of the raid perish, viz- :-Bread and Sloar, bucchex's mneat, butter and cheese, muils table beer, oil goods, isoap and candles, coruchandlery, lineoxdrapery, and leather. drugs for the sick in the infirmaries, andL also breadL for out-door poor, printing, and stationery. Payment,will be made within 20 days after every nouth's supply, and security wil be required for the due pefrmance of the several contracts. Tenders Iformsaof which ma&y hoadon applictiontome,and onwhich onlyproposalivlibe received), seaed, and endorsed" Tender for ,"mustbesent tomnea sunder,before lOo'clo>ckintheforenoon of thesmid 25th day of March, after which time no proposals wfil be received ; and the Direcors expect that the persos tendeig or pesn ntheir behalf, will be in attendance at the said Meeting, anddo nort pledge themselves to accept the lowest or any other tender. Byvorderof theDilrecto~rsof thePoor. CHAtS. HISBARD, Clerk, Vestry Offices, rancrms-road St. Pancras, Middlesex, 7th March, 1816. THE TOWN of BURTON-TTPON-TRENT ACT, T IM53.Loan of £2,00 Wontel.-The Commissioners under the said Act are desirous of BORROWING, on security of the general rates over the wvhole of the three Wards of Barton-uipon-Trent, Burton Birtra, and Iromninglow, the SU31 of X% 000, to be repaLid by equal annual instalments in 20yeams Persons who maybe willing to treat for the above loan are respectf ully requested to forwvard to me,% as eariy as cation to me, by post or otherwise,3pli Towa y orer, WtL CXON, lerkto the Commissioners. QT. KATHARINE DOCKS, Mfarch 13, 1S56.- ),Notice isherehygiven.thatund-rauthorityof the 117th section comp M ca% tobe puit up to auction, at a. RUMMAGEI S ALE, on ~or at the 9th of April n2ext, and following days, SUNDRY GOODSi (which have been hin deposit several yeaxs), for the Payment of the rates, rent., and charges due thereon, and that such of the geodcs as ishall not be than sold will be destroyed, muder the sanction of Her Majesty's Customs: Particulars may be ascertained upon application at he upeintndet' olice St KaharneDocks, and the-proprietors of ay o th goos wo my bedesrou ofpreventing the sale thereof maydo o ponpamen ofth raes ret,and charges due mpon the sameto he ollcto, a th Dok-huse onor before the 7th of April next Th gods ilie o sho attheDocs, remTuesday, the 1st of Aprl, nti te dy o sle,andcatlouesmaybeobtained of Messs. By orer ofthe Curt, . W. OLI.ET, Scretary. TETTING of TOLLS, on the. Tonbridg-e Turnpik-e L,Joads, at the Ease and Crown Inn, Toubridge, on Thiursday, 27th March, 1856. at 11, in fear separate lots, for one 'Year, Ifrom 12 o'clock a.tt noon.of the 9th Stay nei t, to be put up at the following sum _-o o cornaer gate, £55; Fairthorn, £90O- Woodsga'te, -"120; -Riverhfi, £9243.cAo month's rent. to be paid on thie day of l'etting, another before the 9tht of May next, and thAe remainder by-equal paymentg, on the 9th of the 10 next succeeding months, and to be secured by sufficient sureties. At the samne meeting tenders for the carriage of stones wilbe received, and new trustees appointed. in the room of deceas,edltrustees. CARNTELL and GOlIHAII Clerks. Tonheidge, Feb. 27.1856. 0P ]BUILDERS and ~CONTRACTORS.-RAIN.,T WATER PIPES, gutters, sash weights, sinkl traps railing bar-s, -clumns, girders, tank plates, gas and water pipes, and all k-inds of castagse to be had from stock, or miade to order, atJAitIlS LAWEIZI and Co.'s, ironfounders. Corusin-lane. Upiper Thames-steet. T CO-NTRACTORS, Briclanakers, and others.- TWAINTED. 100,000 STOCK BRICKS for building purposes, to be deliveredl at Twiceknham-ait. Apply to James Mayo, propirietor, Twickenhamn-ait. Middlesex. FPO( LINENDRAPERS, Silk Mlercers &c.-To be L SOLD, by Public Tender, by order of the Tristees of the estate of Mrx. Joseph Ferris. of Tetuee. Dovon. the entire STOCK in TRILDE of the E;TATE. amnounting to £8,733152Fs. 2d ;at the cost prices, anld which will be sold sat- discouint therefrom, in six several lots, or any greternumer f lts,or he hol inone lot. Payment to be mad incas, o byappove seuriy, otexceeding three months fro thdayof ale Th stck o b viwedon the premrniss at Toies,untl he ay f ale an th tndes wllbe received and the purhasr o puchaersosecre attheoffces o-f Messrs, Parznaton T O LINEN and WOOLLENV DRAPERS and JLothers-On SALE, by Tendler, by order of the Trustees of the Estate of Wilriam JTames andI Co.. of Hay Brecon, the whole of their STOCK in TRADE, anoinitiag at stock-book prices to £5,260 13s. O_,jo. which will be sold at a ediswount therefrom in 1, 2. 3, or 4 lots, according as the offers many r'nsze highest for the lots senarately or rollectively. Lot I comprises woolleu-drapery, bats. men's miercery. &C.. amounting to £1,741 7s. Ill~d.. the remaining port'ion consists of ceerasl lincudrapery. viz., lot 2. £83 Cs. 10M. ; lot 3, £1,009 3s. Did.; and lot 4,z£1,8284s. llf.d. The stockand inventory maybe vfeweZ on the Premnises, in Hay,from 10 am, to 3ip.m' until and on Tuesnlay'nexKt, the 25thinst. Sealedtendersen-lor.sedl'Tenderfor JamesisStock"addressed to Messrs. Samuel Hunt and Son. 904, King-street, Manchester, will be Timeand paer.ydThe teonderustlhooened, aSTnd RAothepucaedclr. Condtions of s le and Phlirpfrs, of terb nde mewaystbe hadontepryeHintandmpSon ;. aoruMtisrs Sole Worthington7. and thean zsolicitors, wheuhei , bysl directisounofTutes therern STCK inol 1.tlo The stock- in trade at Iferby amounts to £3,S87 l6s. Id. Lot 2. The stock in trade at Newcastle-liuder-Lyne amnounts to £86 14s. Gd P'ayment to bemeade in cash, orby approved securitynmot exceeding threemaourha from the day of sale, or pety in cash andp&rtlyv by approved security. The stock s m ay be immediate y vi e e d on the a estectivea premises5, viz , lot 1 at 40, Corn-market. Derby. lot 2 at 7. High-stfreet, Newcastleunder-Lyne. The tenclers willbe received and opened. and the purchasers declared, at the office of Messrs. Parrititon and Ladhury, 16. 'd,London, en Saturda , the VAd inst.. t1 Kb e dipoedofbyriateteay.Ahejiaturno'lcanoprecisely. The interest in the 'ease of thepremises and averaging upwards of £10.0900 er annum has been made, and with capital coudhe increased. The tiremises stand in the bestmart ofDerbiv- For particulars apply to A. Jones, Esq., soicitor, Sise-lane; or to jessrs. Parrinton and ladbury. 'FP0 be DISPOSED OF, the entire STOCK in JL TR1ADIS, l-aluab!e Printing Plantsand3Bsiness of thelhatelfrr. John Chbcott, of 26. Clare-street, Bristol, deceased. The above business was carried on by the late proprietor for nearly half a century. 'bhe premises occupy one of the most prominent situations in the city, and are well adapted for carrying on a large and profitable trade. The shop is fitted with plate-gla.s front, and wMil be found to contain auseful assortment of boots, stationery. dc.; and the offioe is replete with most extensive founts of booki and jobbing type, suitable for continuing the first-cla.ssprinting trade c<arried on by the late proprietor. The valuation of theproperly has just bern made, and amounts toabout £8,C009; and an active and cnterprisi man w,ill find this an opporta Ditythatse2dOm offers. All further moformationrsaybc obtained of MIr. S. Bowering. licensed aporaiser and trade valuer. Buzs2em, Staf.- fordshire Potteries ; or of ,fhomas Chbicott, Esq., Pembroke-house, Clifton, B,ristol. the E'xecutor of the estate,. NOTICE.-Mr. N. DEF RIES, Consit7 Gs,N neer, 2 e,s to inform Eas companies adtepbl,ta ei desirous of meet'mngany gentleMen at'his wri.Nwra.S.Po cras, vhere, under Ais own superintendence of the manufsituring department, they willhave the fullest opportimity of investigating the many improvements he has recently effected in his ROTARYVAL DRY GAS METER. by which full security wi2l be afforded against leakage and non-registration, evengainst the searching effects of cannelcoalges. Therotaryvalvemeter is warranted to registerinflexibly correct at a -rorkiugpressure of half a 30th and less than quarterofafootperhoar. ulpon a blue light, and a guarantee wilbe given to all gas companies to keep it in repair for not less thin five years, free of exPense. With this meter the gas supplier may fully deped uon ferreuanandthepubc uonbaving a just measurer. Gas baths, gas cookiing and healtingstbovies for allclasses, the British Polytechnic gas fire, lo, Conservatories and buildings heatedhby gas. and pxEfect ventilation secured. Any gentieman desirous of consulting MWr. Defies in especial oases, maymeethim either at his office, 145,. Regent-street, or at his rcidence, S,-Fuirroy-square. by givmgoune day's notice, G3as works erected for primate houses, where nO gas company exists. -- - rrto MAIJFACTURS, Assignbees, and Account- 0ants.a-SHOWGLASSES for confectionery, confectioner's stocr,or anything approximating to the confectionery trade BOUGHT in aUy quantity, for cash, by HY. ISHEIR, 18, Newington-ca-seway, Borough, Advanes if required. TDATENT WROUGHT 'NAILS, manuwftured by LJ. J. CORDES and Co. frequently Imown as Ewbenk's Mails. Thee ercbeing greatly in demand in the colonies merchants and shiper ae rspctfllyin~me tat IGS and GEORGE are the appointed agents for the sale of them. Any orders entrusted to their care dIjl be duly attended to. For prices and terms apply to Hi esad eorS boIesal0 and CxPOrt ironmongers, Caenn-street and Colege' 1~A TEW-COUNITIES RAILWAY.-T-Eners ~E2J fo Loans. the iectxspremi breaaiarledforreoe urn jour"Y LOAN,~~~~~~u to pa f lbnue alngdue ancl to aeepthtnssf h asni, a.5 er entpermni s,ppcl acating oemdent wM b~eminde Bi8ued, Ityorder ~~33koppheB StaionwKM orer.~m Bisopgae erinus, XarEl 1856.SO TH N R H bnytn~~e XX0p tos0 anicldn.&M toe 25Uth. NDa On God Fidayth atrdn Ewil r r ondTe ame asron thedys Feroey on he iaeawsta Banh, hee secat a. ra em rents ilrem a Fenhurh-sree March 10185.1 Y -ONDO, TIL'BOUTHEND RAIL- JLJ W~ day. FAtrSunday aud! Monday. TRAIlNS toGi IED rmthe Fenchancb-slrect and Bishopsate-stree ttin,at383' 0 1',1122 a.m. ; 2.7, 3.7, 4237, 5.37'. C.37, 8..83, an .2 ..A altrain at 8.7 amn. fromi Ferchurch-street ol.Frst rvsn-htca,I.t. second clamR Is. Reuntceadstcas4s d; eod s N.D. The 923' a.m., I7nd5.37 pm. train rce nt oted Feanchureb-street Stton arch14, 186 E IASTER HOLYD)AYS.-BR IGHETO-N and B-ACF, JLdfor 3s. Cd.-On Good Friday, Faster Sunday, and Faster Monday, a train wil leave Lonidon-bridge Terminuis at 9.0 a.m., returnin fr Om BrightZm at 7.3D pm . CvMrsed third Clas9, ISA GI : Peoond- class,X 6. d.: hrst cl"%s 7Es. 6d. EMSEDEICK SLIGHT, Secretry london-bridge Termiinus. ~~~;IGTN and. SOUTH COAST 3n ~ ~ ~ 2 Easter udy ac 2 ndo Fate onon ver zweedngSunday and Monrdayuntil furhenoice aCHAP MXCURSION TRAIN wiM leave tbe Londonbrdgetemins orBRIGHLTON at S.0 a6m., returning frorxt Thene a 7.0 p.. Fres:-First clams, 7gs. 6. ; second clues, 5s. 6d. covre Tird 3. d.Passeengershavioglugae must pay the regular f a r e . a~~~~~~RMX T U H Secretary London-bridge Temns ~OUTH ESTERN AILWAY.EasterHoly- and arlametar) wll e isuedfro an sttio toany station, NortKen an Grenwih lnesexo~ted1 fr dStacesnot less thon TeParliamentary tickets wllibe imsued onl by the parliamentary tran,bu thy il beavilblefo te rtun ourey by any train Day~tickelaavailahleforsdayatickets. at the usual ATWESTERN RAILMWA~Y.-EAster Holy- GdRay! -1T1'UR-N TICKbETgissued on Thursday. the20th March, andLfollowing days wil be available up to and including XMonday, the 24th. O n thbe B ristolI a nd E xe teor, an d S out h De vo n Railways, re turn t icketas are not available on SundaMs On Good Friday the trainswMulnnasonSundays,with theadditon of the 10a.m. down dayrmailfrom Paddbigeon, andthe 10a.m.up day maoilfromBristo whichwillrunmason week day3,sexcept thebheach trains between Maidenhead and Wycombe, Reading and Rasincgtoke. between Ch1pDOeh2.m, Frome, and Warminster, Gloceatr and Hereford, and over the South Wales Line, L MON and NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY.- LNNorDthamipton Raoes: Spn Ifeeting.-A. SPECIIAL TRAIN will leave the Euston Station on ednesday, 26thMarch, at 8.30 a.m., retuninugfrom Northampton at aquarter past C o'clock on the even- offce.Euson taton,March, 1856. Byorder- Retun tckes fr Rsthapto atexpessfares, 2Is. first clia andits scon cass wll lsobeissedon he26thi and 27th March, hyth 9.1 a. dow expess rainat B ston,aviable to return osa L NDON and OT-ETR and. MMLIANI)D ItAfWAMS-FAster Holydays.-DAT TICKETS, Anrt and second class, wilbe issued from London to Linoln iw adham worriSnton Collinvgham Notinham Oakenshaw newar Yr Doncaster ~~ 1 1 Sheffield~~~arh 2 0. and by The or~manry on Thrdy ac , and intermediate da3y, to Mnday incusiv, an wil beavailable for returnby h ordiarytrans o an da upto adicluingTuesday. M9rch 2the Exprss ay ickts illals beissed n te same days, available DayTlcetwil alo e isud fom heaboe tationstoL,ondon, Fusion Station, March, 1656. B~Ly order. L ONDN an NORT-WESERN AILWAY. -Easer olyays-BPUII TIYHE isuedon Thursday, the20t o 2dreh ad fllwin das,wil beavilaleup to and ia- clndn~~na~ te wil ri as n Sudays, with the addition otce .15n.. ownMaltrinfrm Lndn,wbhil wil rim as. om 'we dy except over the Chester and Ifoyhadlelwy) General Manager's Office Euston Staition. Mrh 86 jr.ODOXand NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY. from ONDONand BACK:-To Liverpool or Warrington, oovered cariags.12'.,firt-las. 5s;Preto, 2e.and 40s. ; Manchester 4or Huddrafeld,dOs an 3'.: angr orConay.2-4s. amd42s.; Chester, anWdaits.; Birmingh nam, Os R DINAnd Y 0 AY W TIverapten alableCd at the stations at which the respective trins stop, as advertised in the time bills, wil be issned to and from all stations on the Great'Northern. Raiiway, subjecet to th e usu al reg ula tt oas,to rem atnin for-ce froum Thurs- da,the 20th March inst.. until Toesday, the 25th, beth days incluive. Th -trais on Good Fr,d , wff th ie same as on Sundlays. The following towns are renche&bythe Great Northern express and fast ordinary trains :S efi l rafr Petorborougha Lincoln Sered Mafr Spalding Grantham Doncagter salifax Boston No1ttingham Knottingley Milfourd Junction Honscaste Neak WaLeleld HOul Grimsby H-etford Leeds yorhi By order. SEYMOUR CLAIRKE, General Manmager. Company'sofflrces, King's-cross Station. London, March18. 1818. illIDL-NDRAIL'WAY.-Loans on Debentures-. TeDrcors of the Midland Railway are prepared to receive TENDEIRS of LOANS, in sumis of £100 and upwvards, on security of deabentures, at interest after the rate of £-4 15e. per ceotum per ananu, fora period of three years, oir sfuer the rate of £4 1Os. per contuin pes annum for a period of four or live years (at the option of the lender). The interest ispapable half-yTearly. Application to bemade torme. By order, JOSEPH5 SANDERS. Sec Secretary' office, Derby, March 1, 1I5. rf1HZE GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY COM- X PAIY.-The Directors are open to recetre TENDERS for LOANS on MORTGAGE, to a limited extent only, and for periods only of four or five years, at 4i per cent. per annum interest. The interest to be Paid half-yearly, in January and July, by coupons, at Messrs. Smith, Playne, and Smithls, hanl:ers. London. Offer of loans to be addressed to J. R5. )OWATT, Secretay. Secretary's office. Kine~s-ross Station, London, 7th Marc, 15. S 013H-EASERN RILWAYof SWITZEERLAN.-he irctos f te out-Estemn tailway Compay, of wizeran, hos oly ea i atCoe,in Switzerland; do herby decare thtih sad Cropnyhve eiterOficoes, nor partial Ad. minitraion no an Offcia Reresntaivein Lonudon. Ailrceita,conracs, r oherocu ntiessuoain Londen. or else. whee, hih sallno hae eensigedby heundersigned Direction .All persorn,who shallprofessto at out of Saitzerland in any manner whatever, inthe naime of the South-Eastern Rallway Company of Swit-. zerland. must produce a special power, authorizing them soD to do from the undersigThe Directio.TeDrzon of the South-EasterunRsilway Company of Switrerland. Coire. March 5, 1856. -VAST INDIAN RAILWAY COXPA2qY.The EU ast Ibidian Railway Comopany iapr,pared to receive TEN-DERS for the following MIATER-XIAS,'r-Lz.:-30,tOOtens of rails; 1,440 tons of fishes; 8,175 tons of chairs. (Ransomeand Simse Patent). Specificati,,us and forms hbtendea maybe se-en at the Company's, offices, upon which only tenider will-be received. Tenders endorsed Tenders floir.Rnils, Chairs," Ac.. as the case maa be, ust e dliveed o th Secetay, o orbefore 1.2 o'clock- at noon, TheComanyis ot eunto ccet te owest or any temnder. By oder f te Bord, D. L. NOAD, Secretary. (1 ELOG ad IELOURflRAILWAY COMPAY~ Icorpratedby a Actof the Victoria Legislatur, Fbrury ,181. apial liOtCO in17,500 shares of £20 each. (Eected by the Shareholders) CHARLES NTTALTHOBls. REsq., J.P President. *Wlliam G. 31'Kellar. Esq.. J.P. I James B. Bjutton, ]Ea-q. Charles Ibbotson. Esq.. a,P, Appointed by the Colonial Government. Charles Eidward Strutt, Enq.. J.P., Emaigration Agent. George F. Belober, Boo., Sub-Treasurer. London Office.-31L'nager, S. J. Cooke, Esq., 56. Cannon-street (late Treasurer to the Colonial Governmnent, and a Director of the Comn- Agents-Messrs. L,arnach anid Walk-er, 37', Cannon-street. lBank-ers-london Joint-Stock Bank. and Bank ofXNew South Wales. This line of railway, n9ow nearly completed, will be Open for traffic in July next, and, therefore, the declaration of an early dividend may be looked for. A few of the shares resered for a!Aot. mnent in England are now offered, for which i-als.5it,rPP-Icatus shorld be nmade. Lithesspi.d plat. of the line, reports, and traffic estimater may be prcue, n all further information obtained on appliestio at the office of the Com pany...J.COOldllManager, GoelonganudMelbourne HallwaY-office 36. Cannon-street, City, March, 185. Form of.Application for Shares. ToMessrs. larnach and Walker. 37. Cannon-street, London. Gentiemen,-I request that youwil alot tome guarsateed shares of £20 e-ach in the Geelong and Melbourne Railway Company, at and I hereby undlertake to accept the sealed certificates, and to pay fox the same on rmeept of the allotment letter. N'ame ................. Address................. Profession or business..... -usual signature........ Date ................... fI"ANAIAN RAILROAD EONDS.-3.r. LANCE ~.jnegtiaestheSAL ad PIURtCHASE of CANADIAN RAIL. WAY and oter BONDS.The traffic returns and financial statemeats of each railway company masy be inpce ypersous desirous of investing. Parties having anyCan&di_auRl=roadBnds for sale are requested to communicate part4culars, Plrice current of American securities may be had on application.-10. Regent-st., Waterloo-%place. DA-JLWAYS and MJINES.-Capitalists who seek XVprofltahle investments, free firom risk, should actonly upon the aoupdest information. The market prices of the day aregoveruled by the immediate abundance or samrcity of stock and the operations of spcltors, withoutrzeferenice to the intrinsic value of thte p,roperty. Riwayssdepend upon the capital, trafite and ex-penditure, the probabilitiesof competition or allance with neighbouring companiles, the necessity for the creation. of new eapital, theprosp,ects of theimoney marsuts ffetin te rneal f dbeturs,aadothercircumstanoin foudedupo daa t whchthoe oly an aveaccsswho devote specia atenton o te sbjet Te bstEglih dvidnd innes are free fro det, ndpaydivdens eguarl evrytwo months, Taryine fro £1 to£20percet. n te peset cStper share. Every infor- WESTAMINSTER LM?OEMENT BOWDS B 3OUGHT and SOLD. Advances made thereenm Sales and purchass effected in British aLnd foreig funds rani s mie g t. App to Messrs WilUmott and Co., soc ndshr dalr. ,Old STEAMN ENGINE. - -For SALE, a new 10-horse hligli~pressur E~NGINE, coamplete, h~ighly finsh-ed, ond of ~London manufacture. On view at Hood had Co.'s, ironfoufiders,Deptford-sreen. S TEM EGINE an BOIERSfor SALE, from onoo 4 hrsepoer;soe o tem rebeam engines; andscome machnery whch mybeseenat H an F. RIC IdRs, engineers Pag's-alk Gang-rod, erondey,nea Brmodac-sqar. The aboe biles illbe roedu to100lb tothesqareinc,bydraullo pressure. ~17~N INE or S LE, nw, 2-horepower-, Horizontal. 'J4Apply t-o M.ToaGevsobnn.It' Old Jewry-chambera. TINWO handsomec E NGINES ai bargain.-An eight- h orse TABLE sad a four-horse W~ILLATING ENGINIE to be BiOLl) cheap, the propneter vihisbit to clear them-from hisi premises, Apiply at Smatch's brudiawarchiousemteawshsre.Wiahpl T beSULD,abargaini, an HORIZON~TAL STEAM[ TF"'GINB, 14-horse power with driving band and connections to boiler, together withbhuller if required. Inugoodworkiugosder. Appj tl AS TAIL-For SALE, about 1,000 -gaiUori; t liY d per galloni. Apply at the Gas Worksr, Carsboattou.Sur,gy
-Z -HE -NA1OLBON CVORRESPOQDENCE.*. The poet who flatters the heroes of retiremientinsists thatt ". the--world knowsinothing-of its greatest men;" and we now have reason to observe the tardgy steps andeircuitous processes by which it, learns the whole truth even with respect to its men, of action. Of all men, the Emperor -Napoleon lived most conp-icuously on thb summit of affairs and ig the full blaze of the meridian; yet of him new revelations are corinig to light from therecoeses of the earth and the repositories of the dsed. His hidden thoughts, br, at al events, his secret whispers, are at length revealed; and in his correspondence with lis brotherJosephwe have a closerkeyto his character, a deeper insight into his policy, and fuller information of his life. This correspondence, with its singular confidences, was buried in a wood near Prangias when Joseph quitted Switzerland, in 1815. It remained in the earth growing partly illegible until 1818. It was disentombed, and has been recently published in eztenso in its original languag,e. At tlie close of last year select portions, constituting two octavo volumes, were translated into English; and this selection we may yet further sft and winnow to indicate broadly the characteristics it discloses., It affords us a picture of Napoleon throughout his career, for its letters extend from 1795 to 1815. We consequently share the confidences of his triumphs and vicissitudes, and see the changes wrought by timne, together -with t;he essential consistency of the character which ime and change could only partially modify. We first see the aspirant of fortune fretting, ennuiec, craving play for his great energies and scope for his ambition. The untried pinion vibrates, and the purpose wavers, while inaction produces an affiectation of apathy. He encourages his brother to make pradent investments, though himself convinced that " life is a flimsy dream." Parms in 179a in the place for "an honest andprudent man." . . "'Ease, luxury, fashion, have all reappeared; the reign of terror is remembered only as a dream ;" . therefore, Joseph, " be gay, learn to amuse yourself." . . . "I only want to find myself on the battlefield." . . . . " Little attached to life, contemplating it without much solicitude, constantly in the state of mind in which one in on the daybefore a battle, feeling that, whie deathis always among us to put an end to all, anxiety is folly-everything joins to make me defw fortAne and fate." B3ut on the 20th of :August a chang;,e is wrought by the circumstance, that "I replace Carnot. . . . I am overwhelmeed with business from 1 o'clock in the afternoon. At 5 o'clock I go to the committee and work from 11 in the evening till 3 o'clock the next morming." -As a natural consequence, in little more than a fortnight the apathy has disappeared, though the defiant self-assertion continues. " I see nothing in the future but what is agreeabsle. Were it otJ;er'wise, one must live in the present. A brave man despises the future." On the night of the 13-14th Vendeiniire "fortune favours me." Henceforth I will take care of " our famliv." "c I see no objection to Paulette's marriage,* - _S rich." . . . "You, Joseph, 'will Soon. De a Consul. Nothing can exceed my anxiety to make you happy in all respects." The career being open, doubts and-misgoivings have passed away. There is little of interest for the next five years, for life is too fulll for commentaries. Napoleon marries Josephine, and triumphs in his Italian campaign s. He departs for Egypt. One letter 01ony, dated Cair o, July 25, 1798, shows a resuscitation of ennU6i, but this time a delicate domeftic trouble overshadowhs him He has suspicions of Josephine, and howu deeply they wounded him is sufficiently evident:- i " Let me have on my arrival a villa near Paris or in B3urgundy. I intend to shut myself up there f6r the winter. I am tired of human nature. I -want solitude, and isolation. Greatness fatigues me; feeling is dried up. At 29 glory has become flat. I lave exhausted everything. I have no refuge but puxe selfisiness." But this cloud also -passes away, and with renewed activity the love of life recommences. His private affairs and those of his family become hencefortx more and more- of importance in a publie sense. Be ceases to tufoyer Joseph in 1803, and on the 18th of May, 1804, he is himself proclaimed Emperor. It is, indeed, in hispublic capacities that his letters help us most, disclosing his means and his difficulties, his strength and his weakness. We can vagaely estimate his energy by its results, but we see here the machinery by which it operated. UnreI mitting care and labour, an equal interest in princi- ples and details, the resolute pursuit of his difficulties to their last term and to their lowest item or least fraction, the end, and all the preliminaries of the end, absorb him indifferently. He traverses the scale of affairs from its highest to its lowest chords with a iapidity and a comprehensiveness which have never been surpassed. He trusts nothing to his instrumnents which he can perform for himself, and he is perpetually testing and correcting their subordinate performances. Be relies on his own jadgment, he announces his resolve, he is above counsel and warning, and he claims -with the audacity of genius even the attributes of Providence. "By such a day I will produce such and such xesuts. Do this or do that. Do it not, at your peril, for it ismy injunction; but, do or undo, I equally decree the future." Bis wonderfulkinowledge of human nature assists his assumption to act upon it and by mesans of it as from a superior leveL He knows his instruments thoroughly-how far each is available, how far each can betrusted, and at what point their frauds or inadequate capacities require him to find substitutes. If he has a misgiving, or even a certainty, of their untrustworthiness, he abstains from disclozing it till the necessity arrives; and then he condemns remorselessly, but without temper, announcing his judgments with the serenity of fate. The same freedom from the tempests which disturb the soul enables him to use the aggregate impulses of mankind, to turn the pride of nations or the patriotism of race to the account of his policy. He condescends to employ moral considerations 'without apparently being swayed bythem himself; without being malevolent he in utterly unscrupulous; and his intellect seconds his will wvith undistracted force, for it is uncompromised by ardent paRsions and unchecked by conscience. His domination is not like that of many other great characters, for his sympathies are weak and faint; but while it lasts it is more absolute. It becomes so absolute that at length it collapses from its own unbalanced energy, and thenceforth points the moral that abnormal powers inevitably tend to their own exhaustion and ruin The main subjects of the present letters, his relations to his brother Joseph, exhibit his prodigious -vigour and the poinlt at which it fails. Joseph is a puppet, a pawn in his game, to be moved on from square to square vwith a definite and limited function. The comfort or happiness of Joseph in his various positions is of little or no account. His appeals or fraternal sympathy are coldly received; his advice is slighted; his pretensions are snubbed; even his advancement is avowedly promoted chiefly on the ground that it is in some way essential to Napoleon's own exigencies. On the 19th of January, 1806, "I Intend," says :Napoleon, "to seaton thethrone of Naples a yrince of my own house. In the first place you, if it suits you; if not, another." A few days later, to the same effect:-" I intend my blood to reign in Naples as long as it does in France; the kingdom of Naples is necessary to mne." Though Joseph undertakes the enterprise, his troops are not at hisown disposal. "You have too many men, you have also too many horses," says Napoleon, in April, when he requires them for himself. You shall not even have opera dancers from Paris, without my cognizance and consent. "If you want opera dancers, be sture that I will send you as many as you like, but it is not right to endeavour to seduce them." You must dispense with your other advisers. " Those who surround you have no Inowledge of men. You do not listen to a man who has done much, seen much, and thought much." You and yours are Iarionettes, and I alone may pull the strings. On April 18, 1808, Joseph receives a summary hint that he might have to change the Neapolitan for the Spanish crown:-" It is not impossible that in the course of five or six days I may write to desire you to repair to Bayonne." On May 11, " The nation, through the Supreme Couicil of Castile, asks me for a kidng; I destine this crown for you." A Spaiish secretary being indispensable, " Hedouvile speaks Spanish perfectly; you maytake him fox your private secretary." Nine days after Joseph has entered Spain he discerns 'with excellent judgment the nature of his undertaing. His p?osition * 2%e Conli dellial Carpondence of Napolcon Bozapart -whhits b,,oWr Joseph, zometivzt King of SJpain. Selected ana t Ied, with explanatory notes, from the Zeawire5^aeIl .Toseph. 2 yos. IoziOn: X ayt, 18. is one- "-in which a king never was before. I-' (he saays) 1tOt G siWle fpartisan." Napoleon insi.r that lhe is disturbing himself -nnnec&sAariW "D not doubt for an instanit that everUthing-'will euti sooner and more-happily than you thinlc' 9osepl replies, " No, Sire; you are deceived.: Your_glort will be shipwrecked in Spain. My tomb wfll}b monument of your wsant of powrer to- sa me, for no one will supect uo of 4a4r1 will." To this letter Napoleon rejoins sudkinsl", -"The style of your lei, 3r of the 24th does not please me. To die is not your btisinees, but to lve and to conquler, which} you areldoing and shlll dos I shall finrdl in Sinhc .Piflars of ffercules, -7t nor t7he limits o,f my power." Xn August the 9th he assures Joseph,--who is M anidous that " before the a-tnun Spain Will - undated with troops. .n. . ' f TeEn lish are of little importance; they have never, mI than a quarter of the troops they affectI to have." In a letter of the same date, from J3urgos, Jse4expresses his conviction that the Spaiads ihL never be reconciled to ]lis rule, or forgiVe the injuries which had been inflicted on thiesm by France; that it was necessary to conquer Spain,; to unite Gallicia to Portugal, and the proi'inces north of the 'Ebro to ranoe; that 'he could not submit to reign over the remaining remnant, andl therefore implored to be allowed to abandonl Spauixl and to return to lTaples. Napoleon answers bv general assurance that ie will receive sumEmcen+| troops, and by the simnple mnjunction, "D1o no' lii] in the least uneasy." In :February of the follow-: year Joseph complains that by Napoleon's arw;ar ments he has no real power beyond Madrmd tha-t " t rendered contemptible to the Spaniards, and~ sulted in his own capital; that his happiness re him to cease to be Icing of Spain: that lNapo' friendship is one of the illusions left him; bet - he is uniilling to'rislc it boy playing the part o dupe. On August 8, 1810, he wites still' mi vehemently:- *'Sire,-My position in this country, always difficult often d eplorable, is now such that it cannot continne unde the ari-angements which havse been made and are teat cned. " I shall endeavour to let the answer which I hope fro your 3laiestyllnddmein Madrid, but I implore yoansot make me w.aitlong for it, for things are stronger than men and on the day when I shall he completely abandonedbym~ to loin my famil.v, from whtich I have been separated for si years and to fiud in obscurity and in domestic affections peace of which the throne has robbed me, withoutgiving m; anything in exchange. I find it * seat of punishiment, fro -whlch I look passively onthe devastation of a coumtrywvbicl I had hoped to make happy.:' Be complains that if the army of Andalusia takes from him he wvill be merely " the potter o the hospitals of Madrid and of the depots of ths army, and the gaoler of the prisoners." If he Di forced to retire, worse results will follow toNapoleor Bllf -_~ ~ ~~~t iI implore your2Majesty to see in this letter only whl Ihave endeavoured to put into it-the simple trath dictate by the fraternal friendship which attached me to 'yon ii your cradle, and, whatever may happen, will accompan me toaiytomb. CantheemotionwhichI feel atthisinstan anda*iichinterruptsmyw.iting,be caused bypersoial feed ingsorby.selfishaegret7 lNo,Sire, it is not so. -I -we over the weakness of human nature; over the dispersion a family once so united ; over the change inthe heart ofm brother; overthegradnal diminution of an immense glory which would have been better preserved by generosity a In fact, Joseph appears to have been an Ion and faithful monitor, and, whatever were hid ca cities as an administrator, could have rende Napoleon better service if Napoleon had been les overbearing or presumptuous. The latter persiste iu the assumption that he could control the cour} of events in Spain, and direct the campaigns c his marshals from his own point of view; till a length the crash came which Joseph had foresee when his counsels were justified by the approadi o their common ruin. Even then, when Napoleo was -working miracles tc avert the catastroph Joseph, then at Paris, was his most competent viser. Had Nfapoleon hearkened to his advi even at that date, it is probable he would has saved out of the wreck the ancient sovereignty c France. Again and again Joseph urged him ± sign a peace on the basis of its ancient limit Napoleon won seven victories in nine days, an was then irreclaimable. "If," said he, " I signed on the ter-ms of the ancient limits, 1 sho have rushed to arms in two years, and I should hay told the nation that I had signed not a peace, but: capitulation. I could not say this in present circuw stances, for, as fortune is again on my side, I can in pose my own conditions." But Joseph took a truz measure of his position - - "Afteryour recent victory-you may honorably sign peace on the ancient limits. Snch a peace would resto: the prosperity of France after the long struggle whlch beg in 1792; and there could be nothing dishononrable to h- in it, as she wonld lose no portion of her territory, and ht arranged her affairs at horne as she thought fit. " As for you, Sire, who have been so repeatedly victor ous, I am convinced that you possess all the qjualities wh: might make the French forget, or rather mriht recallthem, the best features of the reigns of Louis 'k,- HIen IV., and Lauls SiV., if you- will m3ae a lasting peace l J Europe, and if, returning to your natural kindness4 and, . nouncmng your assumed character and your perpetualeffors you will at last consentto relinquish the part of the won&. ful mafor that of the great Sovereign." Two days later, on the 11th of March, 18V Joseph insists with extreme emphasis:-" I cannc be mistaken, as my view is that of all the worl' We are ont the eve of total destrudion ; our only ho is in peace." A day or two later Napoleon, in ply, is, as it were, "babbling of green field. Generai Priest, the opposing ComTmander-in-Chie " is mortally wounded; one of his thighs has bee amputated. The extraordinary part of the affair that the gun was fired by the artilleryman w Idlled General MIoreau; it seems reaU y lile a stroke Providence." After this the proofs of presumptuot perversity go on accumulating. But their climax; the distinction which Napoleon draws on the san day between Joseph and himself:- "As long as I hve I wll be master everywhere inFran Your character is opposed to mine; you like to fla peopleand yield to tueir wishes; I like them to try please me, and to obey my swishes. I am as much a So rcicn nolo as I wcas at AusterHtiz" Such a pretence of achieving impossibilities cou only end in failure, and the penalty of rejecting cellent advice was realized in a painful exile; a profitless return. The same volumes be' it closes contains two more letters to complete moral. The last letter which Joseph received i the army aunounces to him irom Soult the hap; news of the victory of IAgny. The next is fro iBertrad, telling him that the Emperor is comm nicatmngwith The British cruisers for his final su render. A despotic -will and a gigantic intelle unassisted and uncontrolled, have thus to learn th prescribed limits at St. HEelenla. The main bearing of these volumes is unq, tionablyto illustrate the defects in Napoleon's * racter, while their incidental tendency is to ra our estimation of Joseph. Bat this is by I1o mea exclusively their value, and th at we mav not bem conceived on this point -we shall pursue the -subj on anotheroccasion. If they show that a mani Joseph, whose moral qualities are proportioned his intelligence, may often take a clearer view of t tendency of events than one who is, in the ordina sense, more highly g,ifted, they exh1ibit, nleverth less, the amazing altitude to which, such ackno2 ledged gifts may elevate their possessor. Th volumes are a monument of Napoleon's transcen ant genius and greatness, all abatements ladmitte and as such we shall yet consider them (To be continued.)
TO THE EDITOR OF THE I3S. Sir,-You will oblige me bypublishing the foli ing direct contradictions to certain statements cc tamed in a letter signed " Taxpayer," which appei in 27te Timies of this morning. In the first place, Captain Anson did iwt his company without purchase. Secondly, Gene Anson did niot take Captain Anson away froni duties in the Crimea; Captai Anson was in E land when General Anson wrote proposing to '- that he should go out and join him in India. The Weason why Captain Anson was in Eng. at the time was, that on getting his promotih June, 1855, he was changed into another batkt: of the Rifles, and received orders to retun to Ei land; if he had been still in his old battalion, serving with them in the Crimea, when he rec.ei his uncle's ofer to join him in India he wtoald have accepted it. Lastly, he is nst a paid aide-dc-camp on G(e: iison's Stae.: It is crel, unjust, and intolerable that should be thus systematicay pervxrted to t-n. judice of individuals by these anonymOIIs caldm.l, I tors in the columns of a public journal. ir ,tm- sir vrtnrwobdedicnt servant. lOEFELf I Brwket, icb 18.
V-NXARKXTard CITYM]1TELLpGBNR. Welnesday XTwin& 'the English funds opened ihis morning at an iinmrovemenLt of a. quarter per cent., and remained victhoutvariation throughout the day. Consols for inioney, - which after regular hours last evening 1QIceed at 91k to 92, were frst quoted 92 to J, and iw? final prices were 92k to ifor money, and 924 to i :'or the 11th of ApriL The market was uninExenced by any political news, anl doubts of peace ha'vingnow terminated, and the chief cause of the teadencyto firmness consisted in the easier state of tie discount market, consequent apparently upon te large Government disbursements since the receipt of the recent instalments on the loan. O)nsol scrip left off at 2k premnium; Exchequer acrip, 2k premium; Exchequer-bonds, 98i to i; JLd Exchequer-bills, (June) par, (March) 2s. to *is. premium. Foreign securities have not experienced much .alteration, but quotations continue to be fairly sripported. TurkishSix per Cents. were negotiated at 9Sfor money, and 97T, -, and 98 for the account. 'There were no transactions in the Guaranteed Four j3er Cent. Stock. The general business comprnsedBuenos Ayres, 57k; Ecuador Provisional Land 7'arrant, 4j; Miexican Three per Cents., 20k; I'eravian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 79. and 79 for money, and 79 for the account; the 'Three per Cents., 57 and. 56k for the account; Portuguese :Five per Cents., ex-all overdue coupons, 4G; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 93i; Sardinian Five per Cents., 92k; Spanish Three per Cents., .45j; the New Deferred, 25a., 24A, and 25Jfi; the Cartificates, 6+ and 6; and Dutch Four per Cents. Certificates, 9B. The corn-market was dull this morning, and sales could not have been forced except at a reaction from the prices of Monday. The closing prices of the French Three per Cents. 4oa the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. 55c. for ironey, and 72f. 80c. for the account, showing no alteration. The advices from Paris mention that the half=onthly liquidation on the Bourse has been fav3urably completed, and that shares are conse-quently firm. The rate of exchange still shows an vrqward tendency. 'Intelligence has been received. from Liverpool to41diy of. the suspension of Messrs. Eoht-lingk and Co., a firm lately engaged in large tallow speculations. I heir liabilities are believed to be heavy. The advices by the Overland Mail to-day describe on improved demand for Manchester and other Za2ods, although there was no abatement in the p--essure for money. From Alexandria the accounts mxgarding the progress of the arrangements for -e.tablishing the Bank of Egypt are satisfactory. Accounts have been received from Australia, id Eeylon. from Sydney to the 15th of December, and -Yelbourne to the 10th, being more than a week later than those by the last arrivaL The productin of gold was still kept up, and quartz-ocrushing -ccntinued to increase. The Emnna had cleared rim Melbourne on the 10th of December, and is mow therefore 100 days out. She has 41,917 ot- -of gold (valued at 167,6681.) and 1,822 baltsb. ,)6ol. The Centurion, from Sydneyghadalso sailed, 'btt it is not stated if she took any gold. A great Tf e had 6ccurred at Ballarat, in which about eight .lives were lost and 70,0001. of property. The news ,of 'the fall of Sebastopol had been received with gr eat demonstrations. A large discovery of plumba go is reported in Victoria, at a place called Enckwood. Flour at Sydney was 301. per ton. 'T lXde generally was reviving, but insolvencies were -st,ll numerouis. In November the number at Sydney wis 22, for a total of 35,3841. The receipts of gold -it the SydneyMint and the issue of sovereigns were large. The total gold export of the year, up to the 10th of December, had been 9,836,4481. It is stated that the enterprise of the great ship -enal from the Miediteranean to the Red Sea, across -the Isthmus of Suez, advocated by M. de Lesseps, is likely soon to be prosecuted. The Viceroy of Egypt .cctminuesto manifest great interest in it, and several lhouses in Alexandria, Vienna, and Paris are pre1xred-to subscribe. It is also said that a share in -Ie undertaking is to be offered in England. The tctal amount required will not be less than z%000,0001. The shipments of specie by the Peninsular and {O)iental steamer Ava amount to 411,0201., of which 4()3,7201. is silver for Bombay, Madras, and Cal'c.tta, and 7,3001. gold for Alexandria, Ceylon, and .3ladras. The commercial advices from New York this ,m3rnng describe no important change in any of the znarkezts. The amount of specie by this steamer -would have been larger, but there was difficulty in jzocuring bar gold. Erie Railwaystock was quoted .58, Panama 104k, Reading 92j, and Illinois Central Bonds 88. * The fact that, of the pending disputes with the United States, the Central American, and not the En3istment question, is looked upon as the most serious, :readers it desirable to clear up a misapprehension *that seems lately to have prevailed on this side reardin,g one of the principal circumstances in the h?toryof the case. This is to the effect that the -project for establishing an improved communication £between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, which, in 1850, stimulated the two Governments to make a -trcaty for preserving the neutrality of that region, vs.s abandoned on account of its having been found impracticable. Although this statement has been -an.de by high authority, it is wholly inaccurate. 1.e propositions of the Americans for united action wiffh our own people, not only for the development -of that undertaking, but also for securing the future prosperity of Nicaragua and the adjoining States, were never otherrise than perfectly feasible, and -they have already had their accuracy demonstrated -by the course of events. They were treated with 4dis-egard at the time, and all the subsequent conse.pmences were predicted. The course of events was -simply as follows :-At the commencement of 1849, when the excitement consequent upon the Califoraiian discoveries was at its height, lhe Times, in a -ser'es of articles, suggested the desirableness of immediate attention being given to the possibi1ity of establish a passenger route from .Graytown up the river San Juan and across Lake Nicaragua and at the same time gave a snummary of the projects, -which had previously been countenanced by the King of Holland, louis. Napoleon, and others, for the formation of a -cmanl at that point. Great public interest appeared -to be awalkened, but nothing was done. Inthe UGnited States, however, the idea was speedily taken -up, and in the course of a few months it was an,nounced that a body of persons at New York had -de.'patched an agent to the Govermment of NicaraZus to solicit a concession. This negotiation was succe6sful,and on the 9th of March, 1850, a charter 'was obtained, and also a decree incorporating the company. Meanwhile the vigilance of the Governments of the United States and Great Britain had been respectively aroused, and a Ireaty was proposed with the view of preventin the route from falling under the political control of either country. This treaty was entered into on the 19th of April following, and stipullated tbe- entire neultrality of the proposed route, and also rthst neithaer the IJnited States nor Great Britain :should ever "occu.py, or colonize, or assume or exercise any domimon over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, -the MoEquito coast, or any part of Central America." When it was found that a few private qcitzens at New York had succeeded in gaining from iekaragua the exclusive privilege of constructing the communication thus brought into prominence, a cry was attempted to be raised that the Americans weae seeking to grasp Central America; but Sir Xlenry-Bulwer, while negotiating the treaty of neutra'ity, had also taken the precaution of conciMiating these parties, and had obtained from them a pledge that they would offer one-half of their s.igEtts to the capitalists of England. This offer they carriec out withperfect good faith. After theyhad exslended a considerable stum and incurred risk in 4Lscertaining the nature of the country, they despa tched two agents to London-Messrs. Vanderbilt and White-to invite our principal mervantile hoiises to share their enterprise on. equal terms. Th3ir reception was characteristic. They were told the.t, however desirable the project of establishing a passenger route across Nicaragua might seem, there could be little doutbt it was totally impractic..ble. The river San Juan, it was asserted, was scarcely navigable even for a canoe, the climate was .des.dly, poisonous reptiles and beasts of prey were to . )e dreaded at every step, and the frequent recurrence of earthquakes would insure the rapid destruction of any works that might be executed. Neverthe. less the company were informned that, if at their own xrisk they would cause explorations and surveys to be namaie that- should establish the possibility of a canal ,e-ii ig built at a reasonable outlay, their propositicn should then be taken up and recommended to tle British public-an engagement to that effect being ultimately given to them in writing. The agents of the company then returned to Amenca, and Mr. Childs, the chief engineer of the State of New York, was engaged, with a competent staff, to make a perfect survey. This task occupied about a year. When all was completed and drawings Fnd specifications of everyfoot of the canal had- been prepared, the company again despatchedtwo commioners to London, accompanied by Mr. Childs, to propose the fulfilment of the arrangement. The lowest sum previously surmised by the London capitalists as the cost of -the canal had apparently been 10,000,OOO0. The. specifications of Mr. Childs put it at about 4,000,0001. The London capitalists then demanded that the estimates of ITr. Childs should be submitted for verification to two engineers, to be recommended by the British Government. Lord Malmesbury, as Foreign Minister, named Mr. Walkler and Colonel Aldrich. These gentlemen reported that the workl would not be attended with any particular engineering difficulties, that the survey of Mr. Childs had every appearance of accuracy, that Mr. Clds had impressed them with a conviction of perfect fairness and candour, and that the estimates of cost, so far as a judgment could be formed, were adequate. IJpon receiving this report, the commissioners of the New York Company, as well as Mr. Abbott Lawrence, at that time American M1inister to this country, considered they had fulfilled everything required of them, and that the immediate co-operation of the two countries was now secured. To their surprise, howeyer, it was followed by a refusal of the London capitalists to proceed any further. They then returned a second time to New York with feelings which they have never since attempted to disguise, and from that moment the series of operations cominenced which have now reached one stage of their progress in the subjugation of Nicaragua by General Walker. The privileges of the company included not only the right -of making the canal, but also of making a railway or other road in case a canal should be found too difficult, exclusive pernission to navigate the waters of Nicaragua by steam, and imnmense grants of land in alternate sections along the route. They had already established steamers on the river and lake, as well as a road over the 14 mailes whieh constituted the only intervening land between one ocean and the other. When they found that Great Britain would have nothing to do with them, it evidently became their object gradually to use their powers so as to establish a permanent sway and Americanize the entire country. The project for a canal, which, by attracting the attention of Europe, would have militated against this, was accordingly dropped. Every effort was made to improve the ordinary passenger. route and the internal steam navigation as well as the line of vessels belonging to the company between New York and San Francisco. Large funds in this way became available which are alleged to have been employed towards the great political aim just achieved. Certain it is that 4e boats of the company have facilitated all E; *Emovements of General Walker's band, and also 'that one of his first acts when he virtually assumed the dictatorship of Nicaragua was to confirm the whole of their privileges. The country being now occupied, the only prospective difficulty in the way of its annexation to the United States consists in the treaty guaranteeing the neutrality of the transit route, and prohibiting England or the United States from taling possession of any part of Central America. Although, therefore, when it was expected that England would be willing to cooperate with the Nicaragua Company, the Americans were no less eagea than ourselves for the conclusion of that treaty, it is now obviously their wish to get rid of it, and proposals to that effect have recently become popular at Washington. A knowledge of these circumstances will enable the public to understand many things in the probable course of events which might otherwise appear inexplicable. It will also teach them that such perplexities as have grown out of the Central American question were plainly foreseen. The Nicaragua Company acted with entire good faith to this country up to the time when their proposals were rejected. They have since pursued their own ends with the unceasing connivance, according to the opinion of some well informedAmericans, of their own Government. As our people refused to go hand in hand with them in carrying out their privileges for the good of both countries and for the advancement of Nicaragua by honourable means, there is little room for surprise that they have taken an independent course, and that that course is less satisfactory than the one we might otherFise. have hoped for.__ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
TRADE REPORT. Wednesday Evening. SUGAR.-The 3market is very fnn to-day, and the follow. ng are the particulars of the public sales :-103 hhds. Porto Rio sold at 41s. t-o 44s. per cwt. for good mniddling to good bright yellow; 4,994 bags Mlaustius were al disposetd of at 26s. to 38s. 6d. for brown, and 40s. to 42s. 6d. for low to middling yellow; 38s. 6d. to 39s. Gd. for soft gray and crystauized at 40s. to 42s. 6d.; 330 bags Cossipore syrups found buyers at 41s. to 42s. ; 4,109 bags Pernambuco were all withdrawn at very high rates. Of West 1ndia, 495 bhlids. have been disposed of. PriWately, a cargo of Mauritius is reported toLaTvee boeen solld on arrival at about 41s. per iwt. landed ; also two of Pernambuco, together 7,100 bag, at about 23s. 9d. for near ports. On the spot there has been a good business done in Mauritius as well as muscovado ranilUa, of the latter, 5,000 bags at 36s, 6d., also 250 baskets Java at 50s pewt. COEPEE.-No publC sales. RircE.-Nearly the whole of 4,000 bags Bengal at public sale were withdrawn at 1Os. to lOs. 6d. SAvTrEvnE.-1,000 bags Bengl at auction were disposed of at 83s. 6d, to 34s. for 14p to 12 per cent. refraction, and on arrival 100 tons at 35s. per cwt. Cocm-suL.-In public sale to-day 325 bags were about half sold at previous prices viz. :-43 bags Honduras silver, ordinary. to middling, 3s. 9d. to 3s. 1Od. ; 1 hag black, s. d.; 13 bags Teneriffe, silver ordinary to good, 3s. lOd. to 4.; 2 bgs ittoblak, ow o iddling, Ss. lid. to 4s.4d. 94bag Meicn, ilvr odinryto -ood ordinay 3s. 8d.to3s.gd.; an5bagsd5ttoblack , 3s. Id. to3s. I- COCOA-NUT Om.-34 butts ~ne Cochin, in public sale, were all bought in at 39s., but part slsuequently at 38s. Gd. per cwt._________
iSTATS OF TRADB. NOTfTINGHAM, WEDNESDAY. The lace trade continues in an active condition, the lower class of goods having been chiefly in demand. The season will soon set in, and manufacturers anticipate a very brisk trade. As a whole, most branches of tie lace trade are in a healthy state In the hosiery trade matters are equally as satisfactory. There is considerable activity in many of the branches, and the glove department, which was some time since very dull, is now active. IManufacturers complain of the rise of the raw material, the prices of goods not being proportionate to the advance in woo)s.
THE CORN TrADE. CORN-EXCHAGEW WEDmAT. MARCE 19. The arrivals of gain bave not been large, and still principaly consis} of foreignt what and oats. The lato advance is firolymaintained for all descriptions, and a disposition is exhibited in some quarters to extend operations. AIThTVATA- DUEBM, MARCHl 18. We bad rather 3 quiet market at our Corn XExchange to-day. Wheat as again s. dearer inconsequence of very short snpo e, bet barkey. oats, and Indian corn moved off slowy at about thie correocies ot Friday. FEridaynextbeing GoodFriday, there iVill not be a second market hAld tbis week.--
BMLWAY AND MrIVING SHARFS. Wednesday Evening. The railway-market opened with firmness, and pnces m some cases showed an advance. There was ultinately les activity, owing to the cessation of speculative purchases. In Australian land and Bank shares the operations were limited, but quotations on the average were fairly supported. Western bank of London shares exhibited a slight recovery, and closed S to 2 discount, the settlement having been fixed for Wednesday next. Bank: of Egypt left off i to 1i premium; Ottoman Bank, i to f premium Alliance Bank, 1 discount to par; and National biscount Company, to i diseount. There was increased activity in razilian mining shares, and ciuotations were firmer.
COUBT OF ALDERIEN. A Court was held for the transaction of public business on Tuesday. BROKERS OF THE CITY OF LONDON. Alderman;Swisxy gave notice of motion. t-hat the Solicitor do lay before the Court at its next sitting a statement of the origin of licensing brokers to act in the city of London; whether the same is based on customary usage, ncd so in conformity with any statutable enactment ; and further, whether this Court can legally recover any arrears of rent from persons lcensed to act as brokers, and compel others acting in that capacity to become duly licensed. Also to report on the wording of the bond required to be entered into by broLers, and if it be competent for this Court to revise the samue or substitute any other form in lieu thereof. THE COMISLSIONER OF THE CIrJ POLICE. The report of the committee appointed to consider a letter from the Commissioner of the City Police upon his having-discontinued to reside at the house in the Old Jewry, ovwng to its confined locality, and as to the absence of any. suitable place for the acconunodation of a large body of men whose services might be required on special emergencies, was brought up. It stated that the committee were unaimously of opinion that the official residence of the Commissioner of Police in the Old Jewry was not a saitable house for the residence of that officer: and, considering the efe~cient services of Mr. HIarvey for the long period of 17 years, they begged to recommend that the subject should be brought under the immediate notice of the Police Committee of the Common Council. Alderman FanminOnRm wished the consideration of the report to be adjourned. (Cries of "N No, no.") He thought the Commissioner of the City Police ought to live on the spot in which his exertions were particularly required, and he considered the place selected for that officer's abode ada,pted to his accommodation. He objected to the course which the Commissioner had adopted in writing a letter to The limes-a letter condemnatory of the whole Court of Aldermen, because they had not in their magisterial capacity thought proper to fine poor cabmnen heavily for show. nug a readiness to accommodate the public, and did not consider it necessary to adopt his views of stopping omnibuses at particular exclusive points, so as to prevent ladies from being convenienced at all by bli vebieles sanctioned for publiEc purposes alone. Why, if Mr. Harvey had anythin to complain of, had he not come to the court and made his representation there? Perhaps the Commisioner fancied that the course he pursued in throwing his garbage upon the Court ofAldermen4would recommend hi nto the Govern. ment; but if such were the case he might suffer some disappointment. Atall events, there could be no ground for supposing that the allermenvere bound, upon the suggestion oft e Commi.sioner, to fuic a ctbmau, who probably was hard worked to support his family, 20s. foran offence which, in their opinion, wozLui be saulfciently punished by the obligation to pay the cotzs, amounting to 's. Aldeiman lHum'ssPR . said the question was whether the Comidssioner, vwho had been 17 years at the head of the police of the. city, should not 'oe accommodated with a I house fit to be inliabited, and had no reference at aU to the cabs and omnibuses. Alderman Srmx said he believed that among aU the city officers tlere was not one more able, active, and enlightened than Mr. Harvey. The condition of the police adequately proved that fact. (Hear.) Mr. Harvey, when appointed to the office, 17 years ago, had been-voted SOOt. and a house to live in. For seven years that house had been an unfit residence for a gentleman, the increased duties of the police requiring that additional apartments should be appropnated for their accommodation, and the locality bemg extremely close. The Commissioner had been therefore obliged to pay 2001. a-year out of his own pocket for a residence. There was not an offlcial under the corporation who was so underpaid as the very man who was thus obliged to appeal to the Court, and all he required them to do was to recommend his claim to the Committee of the Court of Common Council. (Hear, AldermanE mnumYsaid he apprehendedthepolice committee of the Common Council, with whom lay the power over the funds, would say, as they had said before, that they considered enough had already* been done for Mr. Harvey. The house alluded to certainly was not fit for a gentleman to live in. As to the conduct 6f the aldermen with respect to the cabs and omnibuses, hethoughtthat Mr. Hfarvey was perfectly justified in objecting to the lenity which had been exhibited. The man who met with so slight a rebuke as a 2s. or 3s. expense laughed at the inffiction, and paid it out of the general fund. Sir P. LTURIE thought it was unnecessary to enter into such a discussion at a period so immediately preceding the introduction of a bill intended to affect the corporation of London. (Hear.) With respect to the alleged imputations of the Conmmissioner upon the aldermen, he thought it exceedingly injudicious and impolitic, and he knew it to be exceedingly unjust in M1r. Harvey to call them to account for their conduct as mnagistrates in the cases particularly alluded to. The-report was then agreed to, and a copy was ordered to be sent to the Commissioner of Police. - THE OBSOLETE INQUEST URY. A report having been made that a gentleman who had been calledupon to serve as an inquest juryman refused to obey the injunction, some conversation tooknlace upon the subject. Upon beingcalledupon to statewhat had been done in a certain case of the hind some time 8go, TEhe Crv SOLICITOR replied that the person who had refused to serve had been convicted' and fined in the penalty Alderman SIDNEY imnediately rose and said it would be too had to fine a gentleman 20M. for attending to his own businews rather than go upon an inquest to which no duties whatever were attached. After some further condemnation of the arbitrary rogulation, and the absurdity of denig to it} the preedings wert &djouruod, rp Iitth o dng
JAILWY rIHTLLEraUycR CIBSTER A156iEIEMAD. The alH-yearly moetmg O0 thls company was held yesterday at the Ruston Rtilway station; Sir S. MortonlPeto in the chair. The Secretary ra the notice convening themeetin, and the minutes of the last meettig, which were conrirmed. The report stated that the accountffor the past half-year I showed an increase of 8,1J77. over the corresponding period of 1854, of which 2,063?. was derived from passenger traffic, and 5,500M. from merchandise. There was a decrease iu the working expenses, as compared ith the above period, of 5,4931. From a comparative statement in the report it appeared that the total income from traffic on the railway amounted for the - half-year endin- the 31st of December last to 130,333M., against 122,15GI. at the corresponding period of 1854, against 121.6891. in the same period of 1853, 97,3471. in 1852, B5,3471. in 1851, i and 77,0311. in 1850. The worldng charges amounted to 61,7501., or 49 67 per cent.; 70,2061., or 57;47 per cent.; 62,9161., or 51i per cent.; 55,0D21., or 564 per cent.; 40,7821., or 471 per cent.; and 37,729/., or 49 per cent., respectively. The net revenue for the past half-year amounted to 65,5821., corresponding eriod of 1854 to 51,9491.; of 1853 to 58,7731. (Dublin 'ibition); of 1852 to42807l. of 1851 to 44,565. (London Exhilationi; and of 1850to 30,3011. The steamboat traffic for the past half-year amounted to 23,9711., and the expenses to 21,0901., showin" a profit of 2,8811. The receipts in the corresponding perioa or1850 amounted to 6,0771., the expenses to S,206, show. inga loss of 2,1291. The number of passengers conveyed in the past half-year was 382,746,' against 213,145 in the corresponding period of 1850; the tonnage of goods conveyed was, at the former period, 18445 tons, agaiDt 75,242 tons at the sanne.period of 1850. The number of passengers conveyed in excess of the corresponding period of 1854 ws 1,355, and the tonnape of goods traffic was increasedby 11,422 tons. The Iisb7ivestocktrafficshowsthatl0,3971.was received during the past half-year, 6,5671.intho same period of 1854, and 4,7471. in 1853. The projectors of tne Vale of Clwyd Railway, a line proposed to be inade from Rhyl to St. Asaph and lDenbigh, seek to obtain running powers ovet the 'Chester and Holyhead line; the directors having endeavoured, but without success, to arrange with the pro- ectors, have been compelled to lodge a pefition against the ll The directors have, in conjunction with the share. holders' committee, met the directors of the London and North-Western Company, for the purpose of m3ing the necessary arrangements for carrying out the worling agreement approved at the meeting referred to. The attention of the board and of the committee has been occupied rwith the details, which have, up to the present time, delayed the completion of the arrangement, but there is every reason to expect that the agreement will be sealed in the course of a few days. Daring the past half-year that portion of the line between Chester andSaltneyJunction has been relaid, and a new bridge is in course of erection over the Forydd river. The railway having been opened for traffic since the year 1848, it becomes necessary to make provision for the outlay which will annually be required to renew the permanent way. During the past half-year the sam of 3,3761. has been expended unader that head, and dur'ng the currenthalfyear a further outlay will be required for renewal of the steamboats, for which purpose a fund has beel created, and of which a large portion is still unexpended. The net earnings of the undertaling during the past six months yield, afterfullyproviding for debenture interest and other frst charges, an available balance of 33,0801. in conseqquence, however, of the non-completion of the issue of the second preference stock, and the large amount of the company's capital thereby rendered unavailable for the purpose of liquidating the clains to meet which the shares were created, the directors have been compelled temvorarily to apply the revenue resources to thlis purpose. lnder these circumstances the directors recommend the following disposition of the revenue balanoe, but on the understanding that payment of the dividends be deferred until it can be made without prejudice to the general interests of the proprietors,-that 1,0001. be added to the fund for re. newal of steamboats; that from the remaining sum of 32,080I. a dividend be declared of 12s. per share on the first preference shares of the company, comprising all arres up to the 31st of December, and amounting to 25,2001.; that on the issued portion of the second preference shares a dividend be declared at the rate of S per cent. per annum, amounting to 6,63SI.;- leavinga blansTce of 247? to be carried forward to the currenthalf-year.1 The report of Mr. H. Iee, the engineer, states that the whole of the timnber bridges and viaducts throughout tWhe lne have been carefully examined, and are in a satisfactory state. The permanent way, works, and stations, are maintained in a state of efficiency, and are in a satisfactory condition. The capital account showed that 4,351,77l. had been received, and 4,391,045. expended, leaving a balance against the company of 39,2691. The general revenue account shows a balance in favour of the past half-year of 68,4641., to which is added 22,676. from the last account, making atotal of 91,1411. Fzom this is deducted 41,002?. dividends declared and interest due in the preceding halfyear, and 24,8201. interest on bonds due on the 10th of January last, leaving a balance of 20.318I. WYhen the agreemeatwith the London anld North-Western Company, sanctioned by the shareholders in September last, is carried out, the balance will be increased by 7,762?. (being the difference of interest charged in respect of the sram of 120,000?.), making, together, a sum of 33,0801. available for dividend. The CELnANs , in moving thatthe report and statement of accounts be adopted, said,-I had hoped that the arrangunent under the agreementvwith the London and NorthWestern Company might have been iinally settled before this meeting, but I am sorry to say that the seal of that company has not yet been affxed to it; hut we have every reason to believe that before the board separates this afternoon that agreement will be sealed by both comnanies. I thinke it due to the committee appointed by you to say that we have received from them during the last six months the most invaluable aid. I need- not say to you that in an agreement of this important character, although wve have been met by the London and North-Western Company in the most friendly spirit, there are a great many points of detail that necessarily consumed much time in discussion, and in these matters the board have received the most valuable assistance from that committee; and on the part of. my colleagues and myself T have to express our high sense of the services they have rendered to the undertaking. I have to ask you to continue that committee in office for the next six months, and on this ground. that assunming, as I beeve without doubt we shall, we close the agreement of ith the London and m orth-Western this day, many points of detail must necessarily arise, and it will be a great assistance to the independent members of your board to have the further assistance of those gentlemen who have already rendered such effective aid. (Cheers.) Allow me, in the first instance, to call attention to the position of the company as to the increase of the receipts for the last year. I fmnd that the accounts exhibit an increase from passengers of 2,0631., as coinDared with the corresponding period of 1854, though it does not quite reach the corresponding period of 1853, which you wiliremember was the year of the Irish Exhibition. With respect to the goods traffic, a very marked improvement has taken place in it;- and Twith regard to the cargoboats, the first cost of which, exclusive of the Elbernia, has been under 10,000?., the receipts of the vessels for the past half-year amounted to 15,1061. for the sea passage alone, while they brought upon the railway traffic to the extent of 14,3871. A s regards local merchandise and mineral trafflc, I am sorry to say I cannot report that increase which I have bceen accustomed to do each half-year in carriage of slate, arising mn a great measure from building throughout the country being checked by the high price of money; but. on the return of peace, we look to the developament of that traffic in the same ratio as has characterized former yeas With regard to locomotive charges and the hire of waggors, those charges, hithert' l s aeious an item mnom- expenditure, willl be merged in tne perc.ntage adopted under the ag!reement with the London and North-Western Company. The most impcortmnt fedature Ihave to refer to to-dav is the fact pointed Oult in the raport, that although yomr'board have thought it right to declare a dividend, they have felt it their duty-arising Oult of the necessities pressing upon the comnpany-to postponeths payment of that dividend. The board wouIld, of course. have been happy to declare a dividend, which has been fairly earned, to bepaid within the next few days, but to do so they felt would Jeopardize your position altogether, when the open claims against the company-and forwhichthe second p reference shares were created-have not been satisfied;- and Ithink you w.ill agree with ls. that we have exercised asounddiscretionin chis matter. CEear,hear.) We have prepared a statement of our assets and liabilities, and Iam glad to say that, although we are obliged to ulse the funds of revenue to meet present demands, we dave ample assets to cover al demands against us. The surplus lands, includin Britannia-park and other estates, though these are valuaSle assets, are not money wherewnith to dbe charge our open obligations. We have pagd every charge, exclusive of that of the iondon and North-Western CAolpany, whoi ontiue their loan, with the exception of 39,131?., and out of that must be taken our stores, to be paid by the London and North-Western, to the value of 5,7e11., which reduces the amount to 33,3701. It is nrght to state this in order to show8 that the outstanding liabilities are small in amount; and in taldug the position we are bound to do-that of paying our debts-there is nothinm in the circmstanhces oftie company which will jeopardize our position or our credit for a moment. Ino call attention to the fact as to what would have been our position if we had been working under the London and North-Western agreement ding the pastyear, instead of working the traffic ourselves. Te total traffic receipts havebeen 230,8701. If this traffichadbeen worked under the proposed agreementwiththe London and NorthWestern Company, which be--ins at. 46 per cent.-viz. 100,200?. on th e gross take-th e balance infavour ofthis company, including rents to the amount of 1,2471., would have been 125,070?. Now, if you set against this the rentof the Bangor and Carnarvon Railway (6,000?., and interest on debentres, 49,8351.), the avaiLablebalancewouldabe69,235 . This would enable you to pay the full dividend of lOs. od. on the first preference shares-34,6501., the entire dividend on the second preference shares, supposing them to be all issued, 26,2501., and leave a net balance of 8,335., subjet to a dedauction by the amount which may be agreed. to be set aside for the renewal of the peanent way. I think therefore you will feel with me that the board has taken a wise course in maldng the recommendation they have done in the report -of postponing for a short time the pa_yment of the dividend. With reference to our position on revenue account, We have, as you may have noticed, every half-year put aside a sum for the insurance of our steam- boats of 2,2501. We fnd we have now in our bands for that purpose 13,8551., in addition to the renewal fund for the steamboats, on which there is a credit balanoe of 7,381.; and to this the directors propose to add tIns year another 1,000?., making 8,3151. 1 have been anxious to call attention tothe fact that there is in band to meet insurance and denreciation of boats upwards of 20,0001.; but I should add, that this year we intend to avail-ourselves of this fund to some extent for the purpose of providing new boilers in some of our boats, and for general repairs, which will take aboutS,0001.or 9,0001. I shall now be happy to answer any questions that may be put to me, and to gve you all the information which it is in my;ower to afford. (weear, hear.) . Snvnx LDEI thoughb t It very ex aoranary that the agreement had not been qncludod before that day, as itwa a vital umatter to± 4ipiSr ts. i.hede twod tmw wrhen the dividend could be paid vithout prejudice to tho I.interests of the undertakting. The CH,AMKa&x adlmitted that it maight Appear etar dins.ry to the hon. proprietor t'hat the agreement had not been sealed before, but he cOuld Assure him that there had been no larity onthe part of the boardto sele the mert. They had met in conjunction with the commuttee of consultation several times duing the last six weeks, and they thought.that everything was ready, but thevy found that at the last moment the London and North-Western ICopany requiredthomsertion of two cIauseswhichhadbeen agreed to that morning, so that, in fact, the agreement had been virtually settled, and would be sealed in the course of t that day. They wished to have the committee of consulta. tion continued until the next half.yearly iieeting; the agreement would commence from The 30th of June next. With regard to the payment of the dividend, that would depend upon an arrangement for the settlement of 33,370A., the amount of outstanding habilities. If they could place the second preference stock they had in hand they could pay the dividend soon after, but, as honest men, they wero bound to pay their debts before they paid diviaends. When he the chairman) first joned the board the company were in debt 800,0001., which had been gradually redueed froni t:ime to tine, until now it was brought down to about 33,000., and so soon as this was provided for they would be reieved from liabilities. He could tell them that him. sell and colleagues hadat times been obligedtorender themselves personallyhable for200,000M with a view to relieve tbe CompaDy from its difElculties. The SECRErWRY then read a letter which had been received from Mr. Broderick objecting to the dividend on the preference shares being deferred, and stating that he vould hold the directors personally liable for any loss that migt arise therefrom. Mrr. Hx&s4 complained that the expenditure of-the company had exceeded their Parliamentary Powers. The expenditure amounted to 4,391,0001., but the J?arliamentary powers authorized them to raise no more than 4,339,A-22., being an excess of 55,000L. The CnAr.- explainedthat they had surplus lands and other assetsto dispose of, which would reduce the amount of the total expcenditure. lMfr. Hxxasz contended that the ac6ounts were fallaCiOUs, that there were noavailable assets to cover the excess, andthatthey had illegally exceeded their Parliamentary powers. The CHAr.A entered into a statement to xhow that when they settled their accounts mith the London. and. North-Western, and disposed of their surplus lands, there& would be ample to make the account right. So soorias they could pay the interest on the second preference stock he had ng doubt the whole of it would be tak-en up. If the shareholders would accept secondpreference stock for the arrears of interest, they could be paid directly. The traffic on the line for the past year amounted to 230,00DW., and if it amounted to no more in the present year, under the agreement with the London and North-Western, the line would beworkedfor4fpercent.ofthereceipts,andthesurpluswoulI pay all the preference charges on the whole of the first and second preference shares, andleave a balance of 8,0001. Mr. Hz 3ri-N moved an amendment to the eftect, that as the expenditure of capital was in excess of the amount anthorizedbyParliament, the accounts could not legally ba passed by the meeting. ~The amendment wrasnot seconded. He then presented it inthe fona of a protest. The motion for the adoption of the report and statement of accounts was then caried. Resolutions in conformity with the report in respect to the dividends were then unanimosl=y passed. The retiring directors were re-elected, d, On the motion of lr. 3AiaY, Mr. R. flR Hand, a large slhareholder. was elected auditor in the room of Mr. Humble. A vote of thanks to the chairman and directors concluded the proceedings. NEWCASTLE AND CAELISLE. The report of the directors of this company states that an intermediate dividend, at the rate of 2Z1.s. per 1001. share, and so in proportion for shares of minor Ialue, subjeotto deduction of income-tax, was paidfor the half-year ending the 30th of June last; and the directors recommend a dividend at the rate of 2? per cent. for the half-year ending the 31st of December kast, payable on the 16th of April next, subject to deduction of income-tiax, thus making tEe dividendforitheyear atthe.rateof5per cent. The directors congratulate the shareholders on the revenue having beenfully maintained duxing theyear 1855 there being an increase of 1,814t. over the preceding year, and during the past three years the* increase amonts to 41,35. After providing for the piayment of the dividend of 5 per cent, per annum the directors aire enabled to carrythe sum of 4,895!. to the reserve fund. The cost of a new locomotive engine toreplace an old one has been defrayed out of therevenue. The directors on takingThe detailedvaluation of the stores on the 31st of December find that a considerable discrepancy has arisen; they have instituted a most searching investigation into the matter, and are adopting such arrangements as they expect will preventa recurrence of further irregularities in the store department. NORTH BPrIMSH. The half-yearly general meeting of this company was heId at Edinburgh on Tueslay, M1r. Hodgson, chairman, presiding. Thereport(an abstract of whichhas appered in The TiMes washeld as read. The CARAmsAx congratulated the aha~reholders on the virtual termination of the struggle in which they had been engaged, and on the faet that their line, plant, and rollingstock 'were in such a state of efficiency as they had not been in for many years. The half-yearly revenue ias now such that they could confidently predict a regular dividend, and he trusted, though it might not for a year at least be more than 1 per cent., it 'Would yet be a progressive one, so that those -wno had embarked their capital originaly in the line would at length obtain some return for it. Even at this moment the revenue was capable of paying a dividend at the rate of 1 per cent., butbhethoughtit awould be improper for the directors to recommend such a dividend until the money bill passed, and their capital was made equal to, their engagements. He begged to move the adoption of the Mrg. SPROT seconded the motion. 3Mr. HIF. CA]Dxr asked if the directors. meant to use the proxies they had been intrusted -with by carrying out the money bil for their own re-election; or whether the directors still adhered to their pledge to place their seats at the disposal of the shareholders after the passing of the money bill. The CHAiRv.&N replied that he 'would only use the proxies in the manner they were v'ished to be used by the parties sending them.. As to their offer to retire, their pledge had not been accepted, but Reremptorily rejected, by Mr. Walker and his party, and ne did not consider the board to be bound by it. Ie held the offer to have been cancelled by its rejection. M1r. DOUGLASS, as representing the preference share- holders in the direction, stated that he had been in-- tiuted with 440 proxies, to be used at his discretion. Mr. WTAL}EP said he all along believed there would not be wanting various ways of getting rid of their pledge before the money bill was passed, but he held that the pledge was to the shareholders, and not to him individually. The Cff:Aimax then moved, " That the course pursued bythe directors in regard to the money bill, which reived the sanction of the half-yearly meeting in September last, should be approved; and that the measure should be passed throulgh Parliament without; delay." Rie vindicated the conduct of the directorsi in not following the recomn. mendation of the January meeting to withdraw the bill, and stated that thenumber of assents they had received for that biU and the proxies they had now obtained in favour of the measure justifiedtheminthe coursefheythen took, and would enable them, he believed, to carry their resolution in referenee to the bill. Mfr. WALKE& said that he would not take the responsibility of refusing the directors means to adjust the capital account, but ethought they were demanding a larger sum than was required. He moved ' That the meeting disapprove the conduct of the directors in going on with the money bill contrary to the recommendation of the special generalmneeting; but that the meeting consent to the biR being proceeded -with, restricted to. 100,000!. (instead of 150,000p.) of stock, and with an additional debenture Power to the extent of 33,000!., instead of 50,000!." On the vote being taken, there appeared,-for the motion, 88 shnteholders, having 1,058 votes; for the amendment, 35 shareholders, having 789 votes. Mr. WAXXmI demanded a scrutiny; the other business being meantime proceeded with. The CHAna then moved that the agreement withthe Seldirk and Galashiels Railway Company be approved; which was agreed to. 'The guaranteed preference dividends of 5 iwr eest wc,. then declared. The meeting then proceeded to the election of directors ir. room of Mlessrs. Sprot, Douglass, and Trotter, retiring,. Seven gentlemen were named-viz., the three directors, Messrs. Craven, Leishman, Walker, and Cadell. A vote was taken for the different candidates, the result. of whichwas that Mr. Craven was unniimously elected, and Messrs. Sprot and Douglass were declared elected b the. Chairman A poll was demanded on behalf of Mr. alker? and Mr. Leishman; and Mfr. Cadell and Mir. Trotter withdrew. The meetinwg then adjouxned till Wednesday, the 26th, to. receive the report of the scrlitineers in regard to the quest- tions of the money bil and the disputed vacancies at the-. board. TRACC RETURNS. Llfes Psi- Eer. TotaL !Otal. 31-awaas. open, Dengers. chandise. 1836. 15. W kendingFeb.. £ . £. GrnadTrankof Canada ..388 ..3-.. 3 - . 3,3 2i . Z763 Wfeel ending Feb. 2!!. Great Western of Canada .. 283 .. 5,139. 5,5S7 ..10.610. .5, 5;24 Week- ending Mazch G. a-ria Antonia - _ .. - . 10-9 .. 16a Week endingMarchS. gdinburgh and GLasow 2.. 1 .. - 1. - km.. 4l ,. Week elndingMarch 9. Caledonian. 191 .. - .. - .0 11,052 .. 10514 Great Northemr . - .. 283 - . 20,6 . 19,680 North Stalordsbire .6.613. - .. - .. - 665 .. 6,037 Week ending Marh 15. Belfast andBallymena .. -. .. 41 .. 901 .. * 764 Cork, Bl3ckock, and Paa- zage. . .. -.. -.. 174.. 128 Dub;n and icklow .. -4 .. - .. - .31.., IS3 Glasgo4and Sowth-Western - .3 - ... 5 6 5. . 5 ,17 Coxkand Bandon .. 20 .. - - 249 22& SambreandMeuse .. .. 63 .. - - . 1 1,101 Week ending March 16. eUfastandCountyDowx - .. - .. 213 .. 21 GreatLuxeesbourg .. .. 31 - .. - .. 312 .. Xeandalaund indermere .. - . 129 ondon andNorthWestern 5531 . -2.321 ..a51.299 london and South-Western - .91173 .42U4 . 13.416 I1.895 lforth London . . .. 8 - .. - 1.981 . 0M 1 Maucheater. Sheffield, and I4ncolnshire .. .. 1731.. .. - 3610 .. S 71 * Exclaive of trffic due under atrocent witb the LOrdOD and - lTorth-MWea*ten Railway. fExcluaivo of tho traffic of the. luddersield Canal. Shr -Wr,0 Union. Worth Union, rresacn and W)TC. SwutU JunctioD, WAechcs, ter and Buxton. aud Buckhigharabiro Rall wa)o. I Including ha;l of the Aj.uchebtcr, South .llwuictlfn. ndi Altrirfcll tipWS Qrim~by DoB1 dutwie s.,, aud Chctorficl Q%M
LON.DON, THUBSDAY, MARCH 20, 18;. A poet describes and excuses the pleasure with which a spectator on shore may watch the distress of a crew whom winds and waves are driving to destruction. There is another contrast, however, not so agreeable. It is when you are yourself on the treacherous element, when every rope and spar of your ship is reflected on the unruffled surface, and your sails hang limp from the yards; but, at no great distance, nearer and still nearer sea and sky meet in one dark line, an undulation is evident in the one, the other closes round you, and in five minutes you know that every yard of loose canvass will be rent into tatters, your good ship be laid on its beam-ends, and. your quivering masts will either go overboard or drag you to the bottom. It is no great exaggeration to say that this is a fair account of the English and the American mind at this moment. Nothing can exceed the perfect placidity, the earnest wish to give no offence, the utter absence of envy, malice, or other ill-feeling on the part of the British public towards our Republican cousins. We are honestly and unreservedly wishing them all happiness and honour; double and treble their present population; "affluence beyond the dreams of avarice ;" the whole continent of America, if they can come by it honestly, naturally, and quietly; everything, in fact, that we should ourselves desire in their situation. There is not a lurking feeling the other way in the soul of one healthy, sane Englishman. We all hear, indeed, with regret, that there is a difference of opinion as to a treaty which not one Englishman in a thousand knows anything about, and that the Government of the United States conceives that our Government has shown a want of proper respect in trying to recruit our army from their territory. But the only feeling awakened by the intelligence is a hope that where no offence is meant none will be taken, and that we shall not be such fools as to quarrel about nothing at all. On the other hand, as we look across the Atlantic, it is impossible not to see that a storm is brewing. The journals are full of angly menace and hostile calculations. The Senate and House of Representatives are in continual debate; a nmllion sterling has been voted for steam sloops of war, and every American- is evidently under the impression that all the world is watching the progress of the quarrel. Such is the dark side of the picture, and we frankly confess that we watch the darkening of the ocean and the lowering of the sky with no small uneasiness. Under these circumstances all that we want is that the state of English feeling shouid be known across the Atlantic. When a misunderstanding has risen up between Mrs. A and Lady B-two excellent country neighbours-all about nothing at all, and with no wish except to be friends, the object is to let Mrs. A know how unwilling to quarrel Lady B really is, and vice vers-. The object is to avert that day when, after months or years of cold estrangement or bitter recriminations, not to say common discredit, Mrs. A and Lady B will meet at last and discover they have been under the grossest misapprehensions, and have made great fools of themselves, for the amusement of low people and scandalmongers. Should matters now ripen or rot into war, and should two great nations spend 50,000,000. a-piece, and five years or more in tearing one another to pieces, in capturing merchantmen, burning ports, and blackening the character of the Anglo-Saxon race, as it is called, we shall only have to patch up a peace at last, with the unpleasant feeling that we might have spared ourselves all this trouble, cost, and 'disgrace, had we but known one another a little better. Now is the time, then, for those Americans who do know a little of this country to speak a word for us, at least for our extreme indisposition to quarrel, and our wish to show every possible respect to the United States. We observe with great pleasure that Mr. SLVARD in the Senate, and our old friend General WEes, who knows a little of this country, and with -whom we had a few passages, have the courage to say that they think, in the utter absence of ill intention, there is sufficient ground in the present state of both difficulties for friendly conference. As to the great Central American mystery-for such it is to the British public, and ever will beit is .now admitted, say both these gentlemen, that the British Government has offered to refer it to arbitration. The fact was disputed, but, as there can no longer be a doubt about it, the present question is whether the UInited States' Government will agree to an arbitration or not; and we cannot conceive their refusing, except on grounds which would prevent arbitration on all questions whatever. That is the present state' of this question, and we presume a satisfactory oue, as far as we are concerned; for, should a war unhappily arise, and the blood of half-a-million people lie on somebody's hands, we shall feel much less uncomifortable to reflect that before beg3ining we had offered arbitration, and that the Americans point-blank refused it. We quite agree with General WsBn that "it " is unfortunate there should have been any mis".take or misunderstanding in regard to this IC offer of mediation." " But, the whole mat" ter being now fairly before the country,"we are quoting General Wngn's words-" these "mistakes are of no further importance, and :mediation follows of course." The Americans, indeed, it appears, have a feeling that there is no umpire whom we should accept and who would not have a leaning against them; but, for our part, we are wholly at a loss to know what potentate on the face of the earth the Americans consider so particularly well disposed to British interests as, for our sake, to sacrifice character, truth, and the respect of the American people. It is alleged by one party of American politicians, and scarcely disguised by the other, that the mcst serious obstacle to the reception of Lord CLARmNox's explanations in the matter of the enlistment is, that in the same letter he reflected on the conduct of the United States' Government in the recent trials. One Senator goes so far as to say that his remarlks on this point added insult to injurl. Of course, we must admit the general rule that, an explanation, in the nature of an apology, cught to be as simple as possible, and calculated to heal every sore, rather than open a fresh one. No dotubt, the gratuitous introduction of a disagreeable topic goes very far to mar the grace and destroy the force of an apology; but, on.the other hand, it must be considered that it-was not Lord CLAriENDoN whobintroduced the topic of the trials in auestion, but M. MAncy, who offerda: the report of these trials as evidence of a breach of international law. Lord CLARYNDoN denied that he or our Slinister in the States had committed any such breach of the law, and thereby offended against the sovereignty of the Jnited States. He had therefore, no alternative but., to except to the evidence-evidence which,' for the sake of trutb, we must call very repugnant to English notions of justice. There are passages in Lord CrAENmoN's letters that might be open to exception, particularly when he seems to intimate that the 'United States had departed from their professed neutrality, in permitting the supply of gunpowder and other materials of war to Russia. But a perusal of the correspondence shows too ciearly that the matter of the misunderstanding is not simple, but various and miscellaneous. It indicates the existence of a group of unsettled questions, as Mr. Bucn&wAx expressed it at the Mansion-house. There is a running account between the two Governments, and Lord CLAnON , while explaining the real extent of the enormities ascribed to his own Governnent, and. having to rebut an exaggerated estimate, founded on certain legal proceedings, very naturally stated his own estimate of those proceedings. Had he held silence about them, he would have been set down as fully committed to their fairness and the political consequences founded upon them. It may be very unpleasant, very undignified, and- very quarrelsome to be glancing from one disagreeable topic to another, and explaining and recriminating in the same breath; but there is no help for it under certain circumstances, and we are disposed to fear it must always be the case between us and our Transatlantic cousins. There are apologies to be made on both sides; and, if ever the United States do condescend to arbitrate, the referees ought to take the whole " group" of difficulties between us fairly in hand, and dispose of them all by an apology to be made by both sides, in words as comprehensive and emphatic as the English language can supply.
If any one wishes for a strildng example of those higher laws which govem human affairs, it will be found in the extension of the British empire in India. Tne Marquis of DI)ousIE, when he quitted these shores, some eight years since, took his leave amid congratulations on the peacefulness of the regions he was about to govern. It was said that the age of aggressive Governors-General was past, that a HASTINGS and a WELir:xLEY mus' give place to Iess splendid, but wiser viceroys, who would cultivate the arts of peace, and develope materially the -vast countries under theic sceptre. Buit this dream was soon to be disappointed. The first great event of Lord DALiousrs's reign was the renewal of the war in the Punjab. The doubtful affray of Chillianwallah, the excitement in England, and the despatch of Sir C. iNAPIER. to succeed Lord GouGu, are fresh in the recollection of all. The result was the annexation of the whole:territory formerly ruled by RmNimT SINGE3. Several millions of a warlike race were added to the subjects of the British CRowN, ancd the frontier of India extended to the Indus, since proclaimed, with what truth we have yet to learn, the natural and impassable limit of British sway. Two years passed a-way, and an enemy at the other extremityof our conquests caUed on us to take up arms. To defeat the Burmese was no difficult task; but climate, distance, and natural obstacles m-ade the humiliation of the enemy a work of time and trouble. To recompense our exertions we seized and hold the territory of Pegue, rich in- forests and sifficiently fertile to. reward the labour of any one who may choose to iettle there, but at present hardly a valuable acquisition. We have now the news of a third acquisition, of so easy and peaceful a nature as to be described by the mild term "annexation." The King of OuDmE has been deposed, and his kingdom added to the territory of the East India Company. This country, situated in the interior of India, was, by a treaty concluded in 1801, placed in the category of protected States. The sovereign was to be defended alike from foreign invasion and from the insurrection of his own subjects. In the present day tne former-fear has vanished, but intestine commotion might well be dreaded by the degenerate despot who ruled in Luckfiow. The annals of this Court have suirpassed even the habitual atrocities of the East. The KiG existed only for the gratification of his own appetites; he took no part in the government of the country, and the only difference between his former and his presen'; position is that 4,000,000 of people are no longer plundered in his name. Although the Company ha; faithfully performed its pledge, yet the agreement of the Indian monareh to carry out a proper system of administration has been continually evaded. In-vain bave warnings and remonstrances been addressed by successive Governors-GeneraL Lord Wi - LuAM BEnmsc and Lord HAniG:E have in vain intimated what the consequences would be if some reforms were not adopted. Of late the finance3 have been in a wretched condition, although with proper management it is computed that a surplu; of 2,500,0001. might be insured. Robbery was universal throughout the country, and bands of marauders infested every highway, and even the stmrets of the towns. Lord DAinovsrE bore with this state of things many years. At last, before leaving his government, he resolved to put an end at once to an anarchy which could not be cured. Troops were assembled at Cawnpore to the number of 12,000 men. They moved in two brigades on Lucknow. The history of this strange invasion is short. The KITG fortified his capital, but on the approach of the British hastened to destroy what he had erected. On the 4th of February General OuTAxsr met the KEn and proposed abdication. The Kins refused. Three days after appeared a proclamation of the Indian Government. After announcing that "His ?viLesT Wii:D ALu STTAn had -neglected to fulfil the conditions of the treaty of 1801, it states that that monarch had been invited to make over his dominions to the Hon. East India Company. WAJIm A SHAu having refused, proclamation is made that " the govern"ment of the territories of Oude is henceforth "vested exclusively and for ever in the Hon. East "India Company." WJIDm Au is sumamarily deposed, and retires on a pension of 150,0001. a-year. Luolmow is occupied by British troops, ready te suppress any disturbance. The gain to the people of Oude is inunense, while the loss to their wretched KinG is nothing. The former will now be sure of a regular and vigilant administration, the tranquillity of the country, the encouragement of industry, and the safety of life and property. The Indian Government will be benefited by the addition to its territory of a province nearly as large as Ireland, andd capable of producing a surplus revenue of from 2,000,0001. to 3,000,0001. a-year. We cannot but oongratulate the country on the success of this operation, forced upon us by an inevitable necessity, carried out without bloodshed, and in its effects likely to conduce both to the happiness of the natives of India and the prosperity of the Sovereign Power. Lord DuA ousiE has during his eight years of office added to the British empire territories is the aggregate considerably larger than Great Britain, and by the annexation of Oude he worthily closes a -viceroyalty con K Spic;us - the aplenadouriof its nilltaay achieve- emxents as weli as foi the-magnitude of its internal refo-r"s. - _
How little do we appreciate the coiuitless iniquiUes which hedge us in on every side, notwithstanding atl the efforts of all our philanthropic societies ! Benevolent people of every class and shade of benevolence resolve themselves into corporations for the suppression of every class and shade of vice, and for the relief of every class and shade of infirmity. Some persons are resolved to "'put down" black slavery, others are equally bitter againstewhite slavery. The Italianorgan-boysstink in the nostrils of many among our friends; to others the band in Kensington-gardens on each successive Sunday is equally an object of abomination. Not to enter into the hideous catalogue of diseases by which this poor mortal frame which is common to us all is racked and torn, it is sufficiently notorious that there is not a malady or disease which has not been taken in hand by one institution or another. The efforts of these associations are for the most part honestlr, if not always wisely, directed, and therefore we would venture to point out to their notice one hideous and deplorable abomination 'with which this town is at the present moment tainted. This it is -There has been actually organized a system, witlh regular principles of action and regular agents' to carry those principles into effect, for exporting young English girls to the Continent. It is perhaps idle to rely upon the moral principle of young girls at this time of life-brought up as hundreds and thousands of the shopgirls havebeen, and exposed, as they daily are, to the temptations of ignorance, poverty, and despair. Many persons vill say," How are we to act? What can we do to protect "young and heedless persons who are bent on "self-destruction? In the long run much may be "expected from the spread of religious principle " and from education; but who is to control the 4" wayward course of human passion ?-who is to "guard those who are eager to destroy them"selves?" It is difficult to give a precise answer to questions of this kind, but we may hope that a public exposure of villainy may be of some effect. The enactment of laws, the interference of the police, may not avail; but, at least, by putting the most 'thoughtless and the most ignorant upon their guard, we may hope for some result. The particular instance which has occasioned these remarks is this :-.A few days ago an application was made to Sir R. W. CARDE>, at the Mansion-house, by a man named THoMss EiirAs, under the following circumstances.-The applicant had heard that on the mnorning of the day on which he applied to the Alderman for advice' his daughter, a'girl about 16 years of age, had been inveigled on board of a- Hamburg steamer, and that-we beg attention to the very language of the report,--"taling into "consideration the character of those with "whom the unfortunate girl had been seen, "no 'doubt could be entertained that she "'-would fall a victim to tMe confederacy of pro<ctresses who traffic between the seaport towns "of England and the Continent, if the most " speedy interference were not resorted to." Sir R. W. CAnDEN, with great promptitude and benevolence, instantly issued directions that a warning should be forwarded to the police at Hamburg by electric telegraph, so that the vessel, immediately on her arrival, might ba searched, and the young girl receive protection. This notice was attended with due effect, and the deluded runaway, Su.SANAH EvAis, was detained by the police authorities at Hamburg, in consequence of the arrival of the electric message. An English officer who had been despatched to Hamburg by the next boat arrived in time to rescue the girl from the hands of her seducers, although this was not effected without much trouble. To give an iaea of the pleas which are at least esteemed available in such a cout it may be mentioned that the Belgian procuress who had allured SusmsnrAH Ev.&s' a4ross the water stated that she was under a regular engagement with her for an infamous purpose, and therefore. to her engagement she should be held. When this plea was overruled, the next endeavour was to fasten upon the young girl a charge of theft. The Belgian woman said that SusA-nvA EvAaNs had robbed her parents of 51., and by way of confi±matory evidence produced a letter taken from the pocket of the young girl, whlch had nothing to do with the matter in hand. Finally, after considerable trouble with the police at Hamburg, SUSANMsn T'ass was handed over to the offieer, Snrr=, and by him in due course produced at the Mansion-house. It appeared. that this young girl, while she was going to her daily work, with a companion, had been accosted at the corner of Fenchurch-street by a Belgian Jewess. They were invited to visit two or three girls of their own age, who lived in a street near Goodman's-fields. This they did, and when there were inv-ited to stay to dinner, when the young hostesses informed their guest " that they were "going next day to Hamburg to get into "splendid situations, in which they would be "enabled to live in style, wear gold watches "and other jewelry, and supply their parents"with the luxuries as well as the necessaries "of life." According to her own account, SusANNAI EvAYS turned a deaf ear to all these solicitations, but somehow or another she slept that night in the house near Goodman's-fields, and the next morning she was jostled into a cab, transported to St. Katharine's-wharf, and in due course deposited in the Hamburg steamer. How much of all this may be true is, of course, very little to the purpose-The fact remains that a younig girl' of 16-let us say of 17-years of age is transported to Hamburg by_a Belgian procuress, and rescued by the police from her clutches. The point that she was exported for the worst Epurposes is proved by the plea set up by the Jewess when the English police officer endeavouired to rescue SusArNAN EvANs from her hands. If the case were an isolated one, there would be the less to say, for certainly we have not the pretension of correcting every instance of moral depravation which occurs in our owvn day. The mis- fortune, however, is that this is not a case, but a system. The English police-officer applied to Colonel HEoDGES, the British Consul at Hamburg, andi found him pe £ectly awvare of the atrocious traffic, which had been carried on for some time. Colonel HODGES " constantly lamented the deplorable "condition of the poor girls who were in- "duced to leave their own homes to be "plunged into such abomination,"-but what could he~ do? The Vice-Consul mentioned "several-heartrending cases, presenting new pic"tures of the horrors of the prostitution thus "regularly sanctioned."- Colonel HoDczEs recom- raended that a memorial should be presented to. Lord CLAENDON on the subject, praying for his interference. We will not anticipate the decision of the Foreign Secretary by offering any suggestions of our own, although it is obvious enouga that two lines from the hand of authority could put a stop to the traffic altogether. *We merely invite public attention for the present to the subject. We call upon all Englishwomen, whatever their station may be, to consider seriously the fact that there exists an association of procuresses in the southem seaports of England, organized for the purpose of exporting young English girls to the Continent.
THE NAPOLEON DYNASTY. The _.Moniteur of yesterday publishes the following "On Tuesday, at half-past 12, the Emperor received all the Plenipotentiaries of the Paris Congress, as well as the members attached to their mission. " On this solemn occasion Europe was represented by the most eminent personages of each respective country, all of them Presidents of the Council, or Ministers of Foreign Affairs, and enjoying the full confidence of their Sovereigns. " Count WValewski, President of the Congress, selected as speaker on the occasion by his colleagues, spoke as follows:- " I The Plenipotentiaries of the Congress have thougrht fit to select me, on this solemn occasion, as the mouthpiece of their sentiments tow:ards youar Majesty. ' I I lam happy and proud, Sire, at finding myself calUed upon to expressto your Majesty, in the name of Europe, the sentiments, the hopes, the joy inspired on all sides by the happy event with wvhich it has pleased Providence to bless you, and which, by assuring and consolidating the Napoleon dynasty, is anew pledge of safety and confidence to the whole world.' "The Emperor repliedE "' I thank the Congressfor the well-wishes and congratulations addressed to me through you. "'I I am happy that Providence has granted me a son at a moment when a new era of general reconciliation dawns upon Europe. I will bring him up imbued with the idea that nations must not be egotistical, and that the Dece of Europe depends upon the prosperity of each nation.' "His Majesty then approached the Plenipotentiaries and addressed words of thanks to each of them. " At 1 o'clock Bis; Majesty the Emperor received in the Throne-room the members of the Diplomatic Corps, whose President, his Eminence the Papal Nancio, presented to His MEajesty, in the name of his colleagues, their warm ,congratulations on the happy event of the Empress s accouchement, and on the birth of an Imperial Prince. " At the wish of the members of the Diplomatic Corps His Majesty had them conducted to see the Prince. "At half-past 1, in the Throne-rooni, the Emperor received the congratulations of the bodies of of the State on the birth of the Imiperial Prince. "Eis Majesty 'was seated on the throne, surroundedby his Houtsehold, by the Cardinals, Ministers, Marshals, and Grand Crosses of the Imperial Legion of Honour. His Excellency the Grand Master of the Ceremonies introdttced successively the great bodies of the Stite to the Emperor. "His Excellency the President of the Senate addressed His Majesty as follows - " ' Sire,-Providence has gifts in store for those priaces who devote themselves to the greatness and prosperity of their people. It has just proved this to your Majesty by a most striking favour. But this great joy which it gives you by the birth of a son is also a happiness for the great family which gathers round you. Already France breathes more freely by the birth of this child; she associates her future with his destinies. "'When he shall reign over this empire, which Grotius styled the finest under the kdngdom of fieaven, the 19th century, having reached its' extreme period, will gather the fruits the productive seed of which have been sown by our generation in the present. Africa, fostered i by your powerful hand, 'will have becomo one of the brightest gems of his Crown. The East and the West, which have beefi seeking each other since the Crusades, and are only coming in sight of each other now, wiU have connected their seas and coasts to let forth the improving tide of the ideas and riches of Icivilization. Let the future Sovereign of our children follow in the steps of his august father; let him call to mind a reign where ihe genius of government is guiided by moderation and justice; and in this march of humanity France will still be, as she is now, a regalator for Europe, a lever of progress, a torch of intellBet. " ' let us hail, then, this son of the Empire, the pledge of so many great destinies; let us greet likewie, and thank his graceful mother. A wife already so endeared to yon, will be dearer still to your heart by this consideration of maternity. " 'Alow the Senate, Sire, to place its homage for her at the foot of this throne, which she embelishes by her amiable quslities, and which she has cemented by this happy birth.' "The Emperor repliedc "'Monsieur le President du Senat,-The Senate shared my joy when it learnt that Heaven had granted me a son, and you have hailed as a happy event the birth of an Enfant de France. I purposely make use of this expression. In fact, the Emperor Napoleon, my uncle, who had applied to the new system created by the revolution all that was great and noble in the old reyime, resumed that old denomination of 'Enfants de Franea.' And, in truth, gentlemen, when an heir is born destined to perpetuate a national system, that child is not only the of£spring of a family, but he is truly, also, the son of the whole country, and the name indicates his duties. If this was trae under the old monarchy, which more exclusively represented the privileged classes, with how much more reason ought it not to be so to-day, when the Sovereign is the elect of the nation, the first citizen of the country, and the representative of the interests of all ? "' Ithank you for the good wishes you have expressed for this Child of France and for the Empress.' "1 These words were received with unanimous shouts of ' Vive l'Empercir ! Vive lUInperatrice! Vive le Prince I2nyprialn "The Legislative body having then been introduced, his Excellency the President addressed His Majesty as follows:- "'Sire,-Eeaven has blessed your uniom On the eve of a holy anniversary the Empress has given a son to your affection and a future Emperor to France. If this event has caused universal joy, it is not because, full of gratitade and attachment to yourself, the country participates in your happiness ; it is also because it hails this child as a pledga of isafety for the future. " ' At other periods similar hopes have been conceived and have not been realized; why do those to which we so cordially give vent to-day inspire us with so much confidence? It is, Sire, because the two dangers which have upset thrones-revolutions at home and coalition abroadhave been averted by you; you overcame revolution by force, diverted it by labour, calmed it by clemency; you have conciliated foreign States with France, becuse your armies have only reaped glory in the rnaintenance of justice and of right, and because you have known how to add to the greatness of France without humiliating Euope. " ' Thus, when every Frenchman is indebted to you for the quiet of his homae, for the future of his children, and, above all things, for the right to be proud of his nationality, you will understand, Sire, that he will give a hearty welcome to this youngPrince, and that heplaces so many hopes on the head of this child. " ' I come, therefore, Sire, in the nme of the egislative body to congratulate your Mlajesty, to beg of you to lay i our congratulations at the feet of the Empress with oar wvises for her speedy convalescenoe, and finallytorenewupon this cradle the oaths of fidelity and devotion which we have taken to you, and which we will keep to our dying day.' " The whole Legislative body associated itself to the words of its President by loud cheers. "H His Majesty replied:- "'MIfohsieur le Pr6sident du Corps Legidlatif,-The expression of your sentiments on the birth of the son which it has pleased Providence to grant me has touched me nearly. You have welcomed in him the hope, which it is flattering to entertain, of perpetuating a system which is held to be the surest guarantee of the general interests of the country; but the unanimous acclamations which surround his cradle do not prevent me from reflecting upon the fate of those born in the same place and under sinilar circumstauces, If I hope that his fate may be a happier one, it is that, first of all, confiding in Providence, I ecnnot doubt of its protection when I see it restore again by an extraordinary combination of circumstances what it was pleased to overthrow 40 years since, as if it wished to mature bv martyrdom and misfortune a new dynasty issuing fronk. the ranks of the people. History has, moreuver, lessons wnich I shall not forget. It tells me, on the one hand, that we should never abus the favours of fortune; on the other, that a dynasty has only then a chance of stability when it remains faithful to its origin, and wvhen it occupies itself solely with the popular interests for wvhich it was created. This childl whose birtlh is consecrated by the peace under preparation, by the blessing of the Holy. .Father, brought by electricbty in an hour after hei saw the light of dn'y, andw finally by the aeclamatloixs of the French people, -rhom the Enpeor so nuch loved-this chEild, I say, will, I hope, be worthy of the detinies thatawait hi - " 'I thLak you, gentlemen, for the welUwishes you have expressed for him and for the Empress.' " I'he reply of the E:mperor created considerabie emlotion and was received with loud applause. " The Council of State having then been called, his Excellency the President spoke as follows:-' " ' Sire,-In the midst of the rejoicings caused throughout the whole of France by the birth of an Imperial Prince, your Council of State feels happy in expressing to your Majesty its warm and respectful congratulations. "Divine Providence, which since the accession of your Majesty has shLowered so many blessings upon this ympir, which, after crowning our arms with victory, seems to be preparing so many glorious resuts toyOur policy, could not have given you, Sire, a more striking proof of its protection tha by granting to your wishes and to ours the birth of an Imperi1 Prince. " ' Around this cradle, the depository of so.manyhopes, the new pledge of the fature and of security, France offers Up thar'ksgiving and invokes hexvexly blessings upon you, Sire, wL-o saved her, and upon that august Princes ;th object of our love and of our respect, so worthy of the hap. piness she experiences to-dayas a mother and anEmprese. " ' Sire,-YourCouncilof State, whileadding its Voiceto the accents of public rejoicing, couid not select a mnore solemn occasion for renewing to your Majesty the assurance of its unchangeable devotion; it beholds in the Providentia event which asures the happiness of France a new encouragement for its labours. " ' Proud of the part your Majesty has resered to it in the preparation of your noble ideas of improvement aud progress, it will double its efforts to show itself worthy of your confidence, and to keep itself up to the mark of a missonwhich appears to enlarge in proportion with the porosperty of France, which, thaniks to you, Sire, and with Gods help, is incresing and is being developed.' "cHis Majest y replied: "' 1i le President du Conseil d'Etat, "'The Council of State, that intimate Council of the Sovereign and of his Government, which is initiated to all his thoughts, and which associates itself with all his acts, would, I was sure of it, take a lively participation in the rejoicing of the present and in the hope of the future. None labour more than yourselves, gentlemen, towards the conso. lidation of that future. Strong in the grand traditions of the Council of State of the first Empire, you elaborate the laws which, while they consecrate the grand principles of the revolution, pacify the country, cDnsolidate the rmling powrer, curb factions, and prepare the peaceful reign of a nise liberty. I count, therefore, upon the talents and patriotismu of which you have already given me so m2ay proofs to render easy to the child who has just been born the accomnplishment of his future destinies."' The Mo4itvir announces that the health of her Majesty, the Empress, and the Prince Imperial continues to be excellent. The Monite2tr also announces that Prince Jerome is convalescent. The Monite"r states that Baron Manteuffel, President of the Council of tEnisters and Minister of Foreign Anairs of His Mlajesty the King of Prussia, had been received at a private audienoe by the Emperor.
AUSTBALIA. SOUTl1A31PTON, MiRcu 19. By the Royal mail steamship Tyne we have received, by way of Callao and Panama, dates from Sydney to the -15th of December. Our files of papers are very imperfect, and the news is meagre. Flour was falling in price, being now down to 251. per ton, with very heavy stocks on hand. In MIelbourne no less than 8,000 tons of flour and wheat had been stored for want of sale, and several cargoes were on the way, so that there is no prospecb of famine there. The clipper Star King had sailed from Sydney for Melbourne with 1,700 tons of flour. The clipper Prince of the Seas bad been towed from the Waterview dry doclk in Sydney, and was lying alongside the east end of the Circular wlharf, takng in hardwood logs and dead weight, previous to filling ulp for London. The Syney Shipping Regi.st¶cr of December 1 says:- "' As we take a great interest in the success of the Waterview dry docks and all undertaldngs for the promotion of the commerce of the colony, we have extracted the follewing letter fronm the Sydn ey Morning Herald:-' Sir,-Your nautical and mercantile readers will remember that a short time since the fine clipper shio Prince of the Seas, which was sold at Mfelbourne, on the important ground that there were no facilities of any kind at Iobson's Bay for executing the necessay repairs which she required, was accordingly brought up to Sydney and ulaced mn the Waterew dry dock, her entire refitment 6eing confided to Lloyds'surveyorm This ship is of 2,500 tons, her length 220 feet, breadth 40, depth 23 feet; and, classing as she does A 1 at Lloyds, the laying up of such a ship as a hulk in the port of Melbourne would really have been a serious loss to the British merchant navy. In Waterview dry dock she, however, was thoroughly overhaled, and every necessary work of refitting -was effectually completed in 15 days from the day of her entering the dock."' The following are the totals of the imports and exports from 1842 to the present date, taken from the J yd4ey ioercautile Jou7tal.- IinDorts. Exports. 1842 ... ... £1,192,240 ... 8 863,569 1843 ... ... 1,367,223 ... 894,648 1844 780,198 ... 81,26 1845 985 561 ... 1,092,389 1846 ... ... 1,314,951 ... 1,056'338 1847 1,544,327 ... 1,201,535 184 . ,1182,874 ... 1,155,009 1849 ... ... 1,31.3,589 ... 1,1,35,94 150 ... ... 1,333,413 ... 1,357,784 1851 . 1,63,931 ... 1,796,912 -1852 1,9;0,436 4,604,034 1853 .6342,397 4,52a,346 1854 .5.9S1,063 ... 4,00,126 1855 .2,908,122 ... 2,354,530 EXPORT OF GOLD. cc dwt. gr. Per ship Mystery ...1 ... 1383 3 1 Previous export ... ... 1,919,205 14 20 Total exported ._ 1,920,589 17 21 At 75s. perounce, equalto ... £7,202,212 Os. 2L SYDNKY MARxr REPORT. "From the Sydney Mercantile JournaZ and Shipping RBegistcr we take the following market review.- . ' The improved tone of business which we noticed in our last issue we are happy to say is being sustained, aud greater confidence is manifested in commercial circles, as it is presumed that those parties who have stood during the past crisis are carrying on legitimate business and worthy of the confidence placed in them. Although insolvencies are even yet pretty naunerous, they are not generally composed of the class catrying on extensive busines, and likely to injure others to any serious amount. "Daring the past fortnight a good deal of business has been transacted, princiDally in liquids for the Melbourne market, and we have reason to believe that a good trade is again springing up with that port, which will help to work off a large amount of stocks which must have wccumulated in merchants' hands during the past stagnation in commnercixl affairs. In town trade at present there is not so much doing as we might expect at the present season; but we are confident that ere long an imoetus will be given to business which will in a great measufe help us to forget the ordeal through-which the country has lately passed. The large arrivals of wheat and flour from abroad during the last few days, with the prospect of an abundant harvest (the whole of which is nearlyready for the sickle), cannot fail to have a depressing influence on these articles. and we expect, before our next issue, the staff of life will be considerably lower in price, as we are convinced that the present price of bread is adding no small quota to the present depressedstate of thins ' ";Vessels sold in Sydney.-Lallah Rookh, 156 tons, 62-64ths, G. Thornton, 8251.; Storm King, 11S tons, 43-64ths, J. Wall-er, 4181.; Whale, 32-64ths, ]. Walker, 55W. ; Whale, 32-64ths, J. B. Storep, 551." FrYom Melbourne and other points of the Australian colonies the news is no later than has previously been received.
COUB1T CIRwUIMB. WINDSO:R, WEDNESDAY. The dinner party yesterday included His Majeety the King of the Belgians. her Royal Highness the Duchems of Kent, her Poyal Highness the Princess Royal, Lady Fanny Howard, Lady Caroline and Miss Barrington, Baroness de Speath, Mtajor-Generalthe Hon. Charles and M Grey Coloneithe Hon. C. B. and rs. l'hinns, Sir George Couper ColonGell de3oerkerke, Captain Pnsse, Doctor Rieken, The Queen and Prince Consort wzlked in the grounds adjoining the Castle this mormng Princer thr and theyoungerPzincesses drove out in a open carriage. Dr. Elliott, from Ceylon, had an interview with Mr. Se. cretary Labouchere yesterday at the Colonial-office. Viscount Palmerston left town after the Cabinet Council Testerday afternoon for Windsor Castle on a visit to Her
A Cabmet Council was held yesterday afternoon at thhe Foreign-office. The Ministers present were-Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the Marquis of Lasndowne, the Earl of THarowby, Sir George Grey, -r. Secretary L[bouchere, Lord Pmnniure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. B. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, anc the Right Hon Di. T. Baines. The Council sat two hours and a-quaiter. Ti BouAnD oF CoxrnoL.-Sir George Russell Clerk, KC.B., who has filled the important offices of Lieutenant-Governor of the north-west ymvincesof oIndi ani Governor of Biuibay, has accepted t'he permuanent UnderSecretUyship to the India Board, vacated by Sir Thomas I Redin2ton.
BJECOND- EDITIONN. TRE IEMB&OFPICE, nuhrsday Morning. THE EAST. (BY 8BUARl AND BRMM Dmy}R!PH.) We have received the following telegraphic deapatch from our Vienna corrpondent:- " VIENA, WEDNESDAY EThNMG>, MARCn 19. "The Oesterreichlsche Cormaeyondenz has the following, in despatches dated the 10th and 13th int.;- "'Omar Pasha has arrived- at Constantinople. "'There is great mortality among the French in the Crimea. ' The health of the French at Constantinople is improvig. " 'The fortifications at Nicholaieff are being liirengthened. "'General Luders has ordered all officers on furilough at Odessa to return."' EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correipondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. Addresses of congratulation to the Enper'or confinue to pour in. The following is from the Imperial Court of Paris:- "Sire,-The Imperial Court of Pais brings to the foot cf the Throne its congratilations and its joy. Providence, il responding to the prayers of the Emperor, gives to the preent the security of the future. The Imperial dynasty is strengthened. France may henceforth repose' tranquil and ronfident under the shelter of the great name of Napoleon' MAy the august child, the object of so miach- love for al truly French hearts, grow up in the virtues which have Madehis race the force and glozy of the country.?" That from the Mtunicipal Council of Lyons is as follows - "Sire,-Providence, which so visibly protects your blaJest, has just conferred on you a favour the most grateful f;o your heart, and the most precious to France. Of all the cities of the Empire, Lyons is perhaps the one which owes ;he most to your glorious dynasty. During nearly a century --t has never been completely exempt from civil disturbances oxcept when under its shield. It, therefore, accepts as a EMlewsing from Heaven everything that consolidates and per,-etuatesthe powerof youraugust family. Permait us, Sire, t,o le the faithful interpreters of the sentiments of the people of Lyons, in Iaying at your feet, and at those of the lmpress, the most loyal congratulations and the assurance cf the most respectful devotion." The M1unicipal Council of Bordeaux thus exp3reses itself:- "Sire,-YourMajesty has saved France. You have di. l?cted her strength towards industry, commerce,andthe .rts-you have just added by war a noble gem to yourcrown tf glorys and the wisdom of your policy, by removing old Mational prejudices, wUl have xe-established the balance of power in Europe. Providence, in giving your Majesty a san, rewards you for all the good you have effected. Accept, Eire, the-respectful congratulations of theMunicipal Council oE Bordeaux. God, who protects France, and who guides you so visibly, will listen to our desires, and will guide Clis child in the glorious path opened by his father. Alier h.ving constituted the joy and pride of his august nr.other, the Prince Imperial will continue your labour of civilization and progress. He will bear, like you, Sire,ta neme which will never perish. We are, with the most prof-ond respect, Sire, the most humble and obedient servants ol your Majesty." Similar addresses have been presented by the Imperial Courts of Pau, Metz, Dijon, Besan,on, Caen, Montpellier, Poitiers, Toulouse, and Bourges; also bJ the Municipal Councils of Versailles, Metz, Toulouse, Amiens, Poitiers, Bourges, and Avignon ; by the Conseil d'Amiraute; by the Mfarine Prdfet Sand the, persons employed in the maritime departiment of Brest ; by the Consulting Committee of the Colonies; and by the clergy of the see of Verdun. A decree in the Afziteuir promotes Generals Rancon, Canrobert, and Bosquet to the rank of 3farSial of France; Generals of Brigade Wal3in-FsterJuzy, Gagnon, d'Hugrues, Jusuf, and L. 3. WalsinREterhlr7 to the rank of General of Division; and Colonels Louis Devilliers, Daulomieu-Beauchamp, de rAbadie * Aydren, Edgar Ney, and Fleury to that of General of Brigade. By a dccree in the Mmniteur, M. A. Fould, I1inister of State, and Admiral Hamelin, Minister of Mnarine, have been promoted to therank of Grand CrDsses-of the Legion of Honour. Admiral Penaud, Commander-in-Chief of the Baltic Naval Division, has left Paris for Breat. 'The teleg.-aphic despatch announcing the birth of the Imperial Prince caused an extraordinary sen- sation at larseilles: All the vessels in the two I har:bours, foreign as well as French, were in an im ta. at dressedl with flags. The port of La Joliette in paaticular presented the most picturesque aspect. The Caradoc steamer, oL the English RPoyal Navy, distinguished herself by the Iichness and variety of her colours, among which the flag of France occutpiel the place of honour. At night the entire city was spontaneously illuminated. The next morning, the Bishop of MIarseilles, accompanied by his clergy, proceeded to the Chapel of NLotre Dame de la Garde, and. blessed a large g,old medal, which is to be offered by the clerg,ymen attached to that sanctuary to the ung-erial Prince. .A letter from Jassy (3Ioldavia), of the 3d instant, says - " The results of tbe Confererces of Constantinople have produced in our country the most painful impression. We expect nothing less than fresh aggressions on the part of Turkey en our ancient treaties, and its usual disdain for the prayers of 5.03,OOof Roumains. TheBoyaTds are accused of Ieing divided among themselves, but, on this occasion at least, they have proved tluat the interests of their country hava sileuced the spirit of party. They agreed with eich OD'ellat was to be done, anfiwent at once to consult with Prince Ghikn. The Prince approved their conduct, and declared that if the nation addressed a protest to him he should communicate it to the Allied Powers, and a commissiou of Boyards was named to proceed to Paris to defend before the Congress the rigats of the country, an d to prot 3st in its name against th^ propositions of Turkey. The rain day the national protest was signed by all the clergy and the Boyards, and was communicated to the Consuls at Jassy. despite the earnest remo'nstrances of the Austrians. The diputatUon were on the point of leaving for Paris whea the Prince received a firman from the Sultan against. any mo-vement or any demonstration in opposition to the wishes of the Sublime Porte. The frman of his Highness, backed by Austria bayonets, has disconcerted every one. i We ;.re now, indeed, an object of derision to the Greeks, for 1 Our sympathy for the Allies and for our blind confidence in Turkey-; and we know not what answer to give when they ray co . us in the streets, ' It is still to lrussia that you will he forced to have recourse in the long run.' We are, as you sec, in the most critical situation 1!ossible. On one side Turkey overwhelms us in recon,pense for our devotion to her; on the other hand Austria sati±es our cries of diitress, and the Ambassador of Francc appears to have acquiesced in our condemnnation. Our laat hope is in the decisiun of the Conferences of Paris. which if not quite in conformity with our wishes, nmay at least he more equitable and mnore in harmony with our anci nL treati,s. Our cotntrymen now in Paris are alone charg-ed to speak in the name of the Roumain nation, and to so'icit from the representatives of the allies the union of the P'rincipalities--the only reform capable of rAsing us from our present condition, and of enabling us to realise the cspectations of the Western 'Powers-nanely, that of presenting a strong barrier against the invasions of the Kor'.^.." The followingpetition hasbeenaddiessed tothe Port, relative to the Moldavian frontier:- " On the eve of the important Conferences which are to reguIrte, in Paris, the general conditions of peace, and to insutt,r by a new and definitivo fixation of the frontier in the Ejat, the repose and security of Europe, we address ourselves with confidence to the benevolent protection of the. Sultan, our augut Sovereign, hunmbly expressing to him our wishe, in order. that he may pronmote their realization, which :is not lees important to the common interests of the great :?uropcan family than to the private advantage of Moldavia. *According to the fiDrt article of the Austrian propositions, ;cccptedbyiussia, thisnoweristosurrenidertheportion of the territory of Bc&sarabia, beginning at Chotym aud followingthe line -of mountains as far as lake Sasyk. "etake theliberty to observe that the mountains therein mentioned are a succession of low hills, which becor;e still loiver as they approach the south, where they decline into an immense marshy plain, awithout any natral boundary, fortress, or obstacle calculated to serve as the basis of defensivo operations. Such a frontier, which a great military power could with difficulty defend, would offer but an illusive protection to a feeble State like Moldavia, and would not even admit of the establishment of a Customs line. Bat, independentlyof these reasons, of which it appears impossible to question the exactness, a moregraveandimportant consideration, involving a question of high morality, appears to us to point out the Dniester, our former limit, as the only prudent, rational, and political solution that can be arrived at. Bessarabia, an integral portion of Moldavia, was violently separated from it by the treaty of Bucharest in 1812, to be incorporated with the Russian empire. Nevertheless, by the convention of 1512, entered into bySelim IL,of glorious memory, with Bogdan, son of Stephen the Great, Prince of Moldavia, the Sublime Porte bound itself to defend and maintain the territorial integrity of Moldavia, the privileges and immunities of the inhabitants, and the internal independence of the Principality. The treaty of Xainardji, concluded between the Sublime Porte and Russia in 1774, and the treaty of Jassy, signed in 1791 between the same Powers, conferred on Russia the right of protecting the Principalities. Now, that right of protection, such as it results from the very stipulations of treaties and of several hatti-sherifs, particularly that of 1802, issued at the special request of Russia, had been expressly recognized, in order the better to secure and guarantee the territorial integrity of Moldavia, the north-eastern boundary of which, agreeably to those conventions, was to be formed by the Dniester. " How then could Russia, the protectress of the Principalities, the voluntary guardian of their privileges and their territorial integrity, have legitimately despoiled them of that same territory which she-has so solemnly guaranteed ? "How, after so many precautions against the Porte, with the object of confirming still more the principle of our integrity, could the protecting Power have recognized the right to violate it by an exemption in its own favour and in its special interest ? " How could the state of war between the Porte and Russia have,. in 1812, been the just motive, to the prejudice of our Principality, for the violation of rights formally admitted by the first of these Powers and guaranteed by the second ? "Good faith, equity, tb a security of Europe, whichis interested in giving us a frontier which can be easily defended and which by a fixed and natural limit may remove all chances of dispute, the community of origin, language, manners,-all, in fine, prove our indefeasible right to recover our ancient limits to the Dniester. "We supplicate the Sablime Porte to weigh well those considerations, and to support them energetically with the allies, with Russia herself, which, thanks to the spirit of wisdom and moderation that now seems to direct the councils of her young and augast Sovereign, may reconsider a measure arbitrarily adopted at a period of crisis and of violent *ars. She cannot but admit that it behoves a great nation to repair an act of injustice; that it becomes the ancient protectress of a weak, but a Christian and orthodox people like herself, to restore to her entire the province whose security had been placed under her guardianship." 'the levant packet Jourdain, which was expected at Marseilles on Tuesday, having broken her engine near Messina, transferred her passengers and despatches at Naples on the 16th to the Languedoc, which reached Mlarseilles yesterday. The English steamer EImpress and the Sardinian sailing transports Giuseppe, Saker, and India, the two latter laden with war mnat&is, have also entered Marseilles, coming from the East. Seven Catholic clergymen and a number of sisters of charity had arrived at Marseilles on their way to Constantinople, where typhus fever rages with some in- tensity. One of those clergymen, formerly a mis-' sionary in India, has a wooden leg, and is a Knight of the Legion of Honour. A detachment of 100 hospital orderlies was also waiting at Marseilles to embark for Constantinople. The following private telegraphic despatches have been receivedc " MARSELLES, 18Trr. "The langaedoc has arrived from Constantinople, with news to the 10th. " The Russians made prisoners by the French were to be taken to Odessa to be exchanged for Turlish prisoners. "General Larchey had received orders to return to France.- The PrTsCsc dOrient states that very severe cold' existed at Anapa. The samae journal declares the health of| the troops to be satisfactory." "ISTr, EVEN-za. "Accounts froma Alexandria, of the llth, state that the disturbances in Upper Egypt have been put down. " The last accounts from Consa_nt-inoplestatetheweather was very tempestuous, and that the packet from the Crivaea bad not arrived. Snow was three feet deep at Constantinople. " The journals of the Turkish capital express their approbation of the article in the Silce which was copied into the Mon iteur. The Journa2 de Constantino.ple stron2ly insists on the demarcation of the Russian Transcaucasian frontier "The A rmenians and the Greeks have protes'ed eains the late Hatti-Scheriff. The Greek petition, in particular,is directed' against the clauses of the document relative to the clergy. " Ismail Pasha, who commands in Roumelia, takes the command of the Turkish troops at Erzeroum. "The Austrian Government has decorated several Tarklis civil funetionaries. Among them are Aff and Noureddin, at!ach4s to the Ottoman Embassy in Paris." "TRIESTE, MAacn 19. "Accounts from Constantinople to the loth state that three Russian officers have enteredthe regiment of Ottoman Cossacks., "Fires continue of frequent occurrence in the Turkish capital." "BERILIN, MERCH 18. "Colonel de Manteuffel, who has just returned from his mission to Vienna, has received from the King the decoration of the IRed Eagle, second class." " COPENHAGEN, MaRio 18. "Ten nobles of Holstein have made the following proposition :-' The Council of the Kingdom shall reqiest the King to cause an examination to be made into the constitution and the law of election for the states of the duchies. In the event of amendments being proposed, they are to be submitted to the examination of the Council of the Kingdom."' "ccAI)RD, M3aAcU 18. "The discussion of the bases of the bill on administrative organization has been brought to a close in the Cortes. "The Government has declared that it will not make a Cabinet question of the plan of finance presented by ML Santa CruZ. "General tranquillity prevails." We read in the Monie6r de la Floie:- " A private letter from the Sea of Azoff, dated the 2d inst., informs us that the news of the conclusion of an armaistice had just been announcedito the population along the coasts of that sea, where it had everywhere produced a deep sensation, and been regarded as the forerunner of peace. At Marioupol,Kazandib,Berdiansk, Gheisk, and inthewhole Gulf of the Don, commercial transactions, which had been completely paralysed by the war, recovered by enchantment fresh activity, and a great number of articles, hitherto unsaleable, had found purchasers at a good price. The announcement of the armistice was received at Taganrog, in particular, with the greatest enthusiasm. This beautiful city, which is becoming every day more important, is the emporium of the extensive trade carried on in the country watered by the Don. It suffered considerably by the war, and has not forgotten that it is indebted to the generosity of the commanders of the allied squadrons, for having been preserved from complete destruction in the month of June last. On the 1st March the Governor issued aproclamation to apprise the inhabitants of the conclusion of anarmistice,and during theentiredaythepopulationtraversed the streets and squares, crying 'Long live the EmperorI' At night ll the houses were ilminated. It is impossible to imagino the immense popularity the Emperor Alexander R. has acquired in consequence of his pacific dispositions. It appears that the great Imperial foundry, situate on the left bank of tho Don, bad been closed in virtue of an order fom St. Petersburg. The Russian fleet in the Black Sea drew from thence the principal part of its supplies. This circumstance confirms the intention already manifested by the Court of Russia to abandon all her naval establishments in the Elack Sea." A private letter from Madrid, of the 14th inst., says "Some time since !Senor Figuerola, President of the Committee of the Budget, and, in' virtue of his office, sitting immediately behind the Treasury Bench, declared 'that the English holders of. Spanish coupons had nothing whatever to expect, as. they hid been well paid, and their clains were untenable.' On that day the bench of Minis. fters happened to be. unusually full on account of the importance of the debate, which turned on the expenses and resources of the year. The Ministers present took part constintly in the details of this debate, hut a-flowed the. declaration,' just nientioned, of the President of the, Commaittee, Senor Figuerola,- to pass without refuta- tion, modification, -or remark. The English Miinister, Lord Howden, thought- it his duty, in the interest of the spoliated. bondholders to report this Circumu stance to his Government, together with the approving silence of the whole Treasury Bench, which, as is customary in the Cortes, is in constant communication with the President of the Commission onthe subject of the debate relating to that Commission. "1 am assured that Lord Bowden was instructed by Lord Clarendon to ask for explanations froit the Spanisl Government, and to ascertain whether they agreed withthe presumed exponent of their opinions, Senor Figuerola, as to whether the English bondholders were to expect nothing fromi the existing Governnient of Spain. The Spanish Go' verament have flatly refused to give any explanation of their opinions or intentions, and of course by their silence signify their assent to what was expressed by one of their own organs. "TheCridit M1obilier is considered tohave injured the. cause of the bondholders, from the circumstance that English capital is less wanted, for it is a mclancholy fact that foreign, andespecially English, claimsareneverlistenea to, except in proportion to the necessity for foreign or English aid." It appears that the political world in Madrid is much occupied by an attempt to form what is called a tercer partido, or third party. The Journal des 1)&bats alluded to it yesterday, elaborately and approvingly, in an article which is odorous of Malmaison. There are, to be sure, some incidental eulogies on Espartero and O'Donnell, wlhich are about as sincere as the few good-words in defence of Charles Surface by his candid brother Joseph. The people of Madrid, ever apt to give Just nicknames, call this new combination, "EB parzido de los tres Maneoles" (the party of the three Manolos)-a description deri-ved from the names of the three men who are at-the head bf it. These are-Ma4teu de Ia Concha .(Marquis of Douro), Manuela ortina, and ManueZ Cantero. Manolo is the more familiar form of M%anuel for the masculine, -as for the feminine Manola, from Manuela; and it is applied to the " swells" of the lower classes inMadrid,the swaggering beau of the pit of the bull-rhng or of the wine-shops of the Lavapies; loquacious and false, witty and corrupted, bragging and timid. The party of the three Mlanolos is organized independently of the Parliament, and a manifesto to the nation, or to their constituents, is ex;pected from them in a few days. Now, considering that the three political Manolos hive seats in the Cortes, where, Heaven knows, no one can now complain of having his 'tongue tied up, ancd where liberty of speech is too often carried to licentiousness, it is difficult to conceive the legitimate utility of an extra Parliamentary faction. Among other eminent qualities which the Mlarquis of Douro, "the Conqueror of Portugal," believes himself to possess is eloquence, and the tribunals and Parliament of Madrid were long familiar with the oratory of Manuel Cortina; yet it is astonishing that both have so long remained mute when they have a right to be heard, and would be heard, in their legitimate approval or opposition to the acts of the Government. The tiers parti is nothing more or less than the nucleus of a combination to upset the Government, and paiticularly that member of it whose popularity and whose honesty, despite some weaknesses of character, have, up to the present, saved the monarchy in Spain. If, by any chance, General O'Donnell imagine for a moment that this tiers parti will end to his advantage, personally or politically, he is woofully mista7ken. The struggle would be between Concha and Narvaez, and, in either case, the reaction would surpass anything that has yet been witnessed. It is said that the Government are iux such a position as to catch at any straw, and thtat the Esparteristos are delighted at the prospect of any support, however temporary or however doubtful, that may save them from the fierce hostility of the Democratic party, which attacks Espartero and O'Donnell daily in its organ the So"erania Nagiww. The will soon learn that this third party is noting but a'deep-laid scheme of the M6d4eriads ~ai 1eactionists to get the balance of the Chamber into tYteir own hands, with the direction of affairs, and She consequent expulsion of the rational liberal party. The very fact that this attempt is made under the auspices of the Marquis of Douro would have opened any eyes less hermetically sealed than, I fear, are those of the Duke de la Victoria. The M1arquis of Douro is a man whose retrograde opiions m religion, politics, and commerce, are only equalled by the intensity of his egotism, - his inordinate appreciation of self, and his confined notions,-I may say, ignorance,-on a'l subjects of European interest. In matters of trade he is a professed protectionist. Before the revolution of July, 1854, no one was so anmious to overthrow the throne, and change the succession, expecting to be the first actor in the drama. Now that he has encountered more clever or more fortunate rivals on the stage, and that his own very inferior qualifications assign to him the. lowest parts, he lends his house and his name to every intrigne to destroy what exists. The lberia, one of the best written Liberal papers in Madrid, has, I perceive, sounded the alarm about this " tercer pattido' now in process of concoction; but as there are some of the old, worn-out, and dull Progresistas in it-a sort of doctrinaires known in Spain by the term Satitoes-men who, lie many others elsewhere, have learned nothing, with the additional misfortune 6f having forgotten everything, I doubt much whether Espartero and O'Donnell will see the snare which is set for them. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 75c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 5oc.; and the New Loan at 73f. 30c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,300f.; Great Northern, 1,000f.; Strasburg, 980f.; newshareh 827f. 50c.; Paris ans Lyons, 1,255f.; Iyons to the Mediterranean, 1,575f.; Western of France, 897f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 765f.; Great Central of France, 652f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,577f. 50e.; Austrian Railways, 915f. Cours AvUTen-PWs, Mrch 19.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a.nlf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 93f. 9oc., Three per Cents., 72f. c65. 70c. 60¢. 55c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 72f. 90c. 73f.;-ditto Certificates (45 per cent. puid); 72f. 90¢. 73f.; Bank of France, 3,450f. 3,465f. 3,475f.; Credit Fonder, 725f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 450f.; ditto Three per Cents., 415f.; ditto Tenths, Foa~r Cents. 97f. 50c.; Cr6dit Mo'oilier, 1,577f. SOc.; Discount Bank;, OSOf. 647f; 5Oc.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93£ 93f. 25c. Noc.; ditto Three per Cents., 60Of.; ustrian Five per Cents., 89; lente de Naples (Pothschild's), 113; Romans, 88; Spanish Deferred Converted, 25 25 ; ditto Interior Debt, 40A 40 4Q4. Excchange on London, dt sight, money, 2Sf. 3Gc.; three months, money, 24m 92c. AUSTRIA. (FROM OUR OWN OORISEONDMT.) VIENNA, Mncyr 16. The Oesterreiclsiscl Zeitung contains aletter of the 13th, from its Kalisch correspondent, which gives some insight into the opinions of the RusSians in regard to the Hatti-Sherif recently published by the Porte. The promised improvement in the position of the Christians has considerably diminished the ardour of the war party, "which feels that, at the price of the emancipation of the Christians Russia can afford to make some few concessions." The Kslisch writerconsoleshimself forthe defeatof Russia by the reflection that the Greek Christians in Turkey will always attribute their emancipation to the Czar rather than to his adversaries, and the probabillty is that he forms a perfectly just estimate of the politi cal sagacity of the non-Christian subjects of his Sublime Highness. The armaments still continue in Russia, although many of the officers belonging to the army in the Crimea have received leave of absence until the end of this month. Prince Gortschakoff, the Stadtholder of Russian Poland, has left ~Warsaw, and is gone to inspect the fortress, of Ivaugorod. it is known~ to the! RussiansI in Vienna, that this Cabinet is disinclined to t- gre3t change in --the political organization of the Danubian Principalities, and they prophesy that the Russian Government will do all i its power to xecureliberal institutions for them, "as they will haidly fail to prove a esource of annoyance to Austria." Prince Stirbey left Vienna for Paris on the 14th, and it is related that he has been sent there on a special mission by his father the Jiospodar of -Wallachia. Yesterday six Wallachian offlicers arrived at Vienna, where they are to remain until they have learned the system of exercising and manceuvring practised by the Austrian army. Prince Gortachakoff left for St. Petersburg yes. terday evening, and it is generally believed that he will not again return to this city as the represon_ tative of Russia. The day before yesterday you learned from me that is Holiness the Pope had convoked the Austrian Synod for the 6th of April, the day fixed on!by Eis MaJesty the Emperor, and the Wiener Zeitn4z confirms the news by the publication of the following letter of invitation, which was addressed by his Eminence the Cardinal Nuncio at Vienna to the Bishop of Linz "Veiy Rev. Sir,-As the Concordat, which was concluded onL the 18th of August, 1855, between the Papal Chair and His Imperial Royal- Apostolic Majesty, is of ex. traordina-y importance for the church of Christ, His Holiness considered it advisable and salutary that the Bishops of the Austrian empire should meet and take into considera. tion the several articles of the Convention in question, in order that the conditions therein contained might be more conscientiously carried out, and Church and State more closely united for the welfare of mankind. "As both HIis Holiness and His Imperial Royal Apostolic Majesty consider the city of Vienna as the most fitting place for the Synod to meet, I now, in the naamn of our most holy Fatlfer, -invite- you, 'eriy reverend sir, to attend the Assembly of Bishops, which is to meet on the 6th- of the coming month, and at which I, in the name and by the authority of His Holiness, shall preside. (Signed) "hi. Card. VIALE." As soon as the intention of the Pope became known here a Cabinet Council, at which His Majesty presided, was held, and soon after the Mfinisters had separated a special messenger was sent with despatches to Rome. The object of His Holiness evidently is to show to the Emperor of Austria that he has no longer a right to convoke " National Synods," and it is believed that the cLAim of Rome to do so is based on the following first article of the Concordat:- " The holy Roman Catholic religion shall ever be maintained in the Empire of Austria, and in all its dependencies, with sl thiose rigUs3 and privilkea whicb, by the wiml of God and the conditions of the canons, it has to enjoy.", Major Biddulph, who has been here on business connected with the telegraph between Constantinople and London, has left for Berlin. While here the Major had an interview with the Minister of Commerce, and explained to him how it was that the communication between Bucharest and Hermannstadtwas so often interrupted. OntheWalLachoAustrian frontier is a great deal of land which is uninhabited, and whenever any injury happens to the wire there, a long time generally elapses before it is discovered and repaired. Another matter to which the attention of the Minister has been directed is, that copper wire is used in Austria; copper is a better conductor than iron, but wira made of th6 last mentioned metal is the more d4rable. It is the wish of the British Govcr4ment to establish an "1 instantaneous" correspondence between Constantinople and London, and this may be done by means of " Tranusatoren" (transferrerm), which were, some two or three years since, invented by M. Steinheil, the present Director of Telegraphs in Bavaria. It is not yet settled whether the new wire is to pass through northern Germany and by the Hague, or through southwestern Germany and France. Experience has taught me that the one line is no better than the other; -the former is very slow, and the latter cnnot be relied, on. It may -be. mentioned, - that -the electric cable between the Crimea and Varna, which was broken in November last, is notlikelytobe repaired. The French dotheir work very well between Varna and Bucharest. The death of poor M. von Hinkeldey still forms the principal topic of conversation, and it gives me great satisfaction to be able to say that the Austrian nobles loudly condemn the conduct of the Junker cc clique." An Austrian Prince, who is considered the proudest noble in the land, a day or two since declared that the behaviour of the President of the UJpper Chamber was revolting (emnpUrend), and no one present was incliaed to differ from him in opinion. The CreditFoncier (Immobihien-GesehLachaft) has not yet been reconstituted, but it soon will be so. It is to begin its operations by purchasing a part of the domains ceded to the Bank. The Emperor and Empress, with the whole of the Imperial family, went on Fridayto the Exbibition of Pictures to see the porbraits of the Empress Eiugenie by Winterhalter. On the 12th the Emperor gave a private audience to Mfr. F. Lang, an architect from London, who e:hibitea plans for a fruit-hall, docks, and a port on the Danube. It is rumnoured that Baron Kraus, the present Minister of Justice, is to be President of the Supreme Court of Justice. Mf. von Salvotti, a Councillor of the Empire, is likely to be Minister of Justice. ILord Palmnerstoen's reply to the interpellation made by Mr. Disraeli on the 14th has caused a very great improvement in every description of stock. I The inhabitants of Kronstadt and Hermannstadt have petitioned the Minister of Commerce to let them have a railroad from Arad to Kronstadt, and their request is likely to be granted. PRUSSIA. (naOM OUR OWN CORONs)zT.) BERLUN, MACH: 18. The shallow pool of Berlin life, usually so stagnant, is being just now disturbed to a most disquieting extent; the "troubled waters are throwing up mire and dirt" that will not subside without leaving some very nasty maks behind them to serve some future chronicler as indieia of the tur- bidness of the water, which police and press regulations keep so till and quiet to the eyes of the uninitiated beholder. Among the ingredients of excitement for the bulk of the upper and middle classes here, in the presence of the late duels and suicidep, as yet not half cleared up and accounted for, I have already quoted to you the episode of the theft of private papers and despatches from the letter-cases-of two 3nen, who stand in very close .connexion with the King, which took place last summer. Very indistinct indications of the real nature of - that transaction have as yet trickled through the thick stratum of official wecrecy to the knowledge of the curious; but it would seem as if the departure of the Minister President (Baron Manteuffel) for Paris had at length 'offered certain parties mixed up in the matter a welcome opportunity of divulging a variety of matters, the nature of which is to implicate this the i highest Minister of State in this no very creditable transaction. As far as my letters of about October lat have-reported the matter to you, there were two mene-ervants (those of the King's private Secretary, Niebubr, -and of General Gerlach) arrested in Potsdam. on supicion of having betrayed the correspondence of their masters to various parties interested in their contents; discretion compelled me to confine my.elf at that time to the indication that this apprehension of the two culprits and' their gobetween was the resuilt of a complaint from the Vot 'DX 8$t- PeterSbUrg, for I WMB giVen tD -understand -that -these surreptitiously--obtained deipatchex had found their way to the French Embassy here, and that there were ample proofs to be found in your columns that they had not been without.effect on the military operations of the alies in the Criinea. Be that as it may, it tumed out subsequently that this was but a small part of the correspondence purloined; in the course of tine other parties, standing very high, were pointed out as having profitted by the oft-re-peated thefts; but as no judicial proceedings were taken, or at least came to the knowledge of the public, the suspicions were never verified. The circumstance that leads now to a partial revelation of the intricate web of espionage, in spite of all the attempts made at Court to quash all inquiry, is interesting, as indicative of the tortuous and reprehensible courses to which the baneful nature of the relation of the King to his Ministers, and the existence of the Caniarilla, givesrise at the Prussian Court. In October of last year a man of the name of Techen was taken into custody at Potsdam on suspicion of aiding and abetting the men-smrants of the two above-named gentlemen in robbing their masters of papers and of disposing of the spoiL This Techen, now an old man, had informer days been a police spy, and, as such, subordinate to a gentleman now occupying a high office under the 31inistry of Finance at Potsdam, but formerly himself a confidential official of secret police. From this latter the former was in the habit of begging and receiving pecuniary arsistance, having been for a long time out of employ and in want. About two years back, however, he communicated to his almsgiver that he was employed by the Minister President to report to him weekly what went on at Potsdam for a monthly remuneration of 25 thalers. The truth of this statement was sub sequqntly substantiated by the most competent authority.. Towards the close of 1854, moreover, he began to exhibit to his benefactor papers in his possession which coud only have been obtained in some very improper way. The gentleman _in question, knowing in whose pay the man was, contented hiraself with irentioning the fact to the highest offlcial authorities, aud left it to them to ta-e the course they thought I fit. Apparently the nature of the papers purloined or copied was too interesting to ad wit of theze latter doing otherwise than winkat hisnefariouspractices, and "no questions asked." Among thepapersprloined -was a copy of the report sent i, to General Gerlach, by a mnarais sattjt he had employed to spy out and report 'all the Prince of Prussf s sayings and doings while on a tour of military inspection, full of the most odious incriminations of Ris Royal Highness. This report was by thlis means brought to the knowledge of the Prince, and by hi7m laid before the King. There were also the most private communications from Count Munster at the Court of St. Petersburg to General Gerlach, whether for communication to the King or not is not known. There may and must have been many others of interesting, nature, but of those that have been mentioned with all their details in the course of the secret investigation, these are the only documents that offer any general interest. In the middle of last year Techen kept aloof for 'some time from his former confidaut, and on being i casually met in the stieet declares he has been absent from home to go and take poszeEsioii of some property left him at Hamburg; he neglects, however, to comply with the invitation to comnrunicate some of the particular.s of the legacy. He subsequently deposits with his foImer patron a quantity of papers and money, on the plea that he is exposed I to domiciliary visits from the po3ice; subseequently he sends him a letter in great haste asking for the money and requiring an answer; this answer, from the man who has all along befriended him, is the only paper the police find in his house on makdng a search! The circumstances offer Tery strong presumptive evidence that on the approach of detection the man Techen selected his benefactor in Potsdam as the necessary stalking-horse, probably at the suggestion of some person of high standing implicated in the affair; it is endeavoured by in-' uendoes to fix this latier inputation upon Baron von Mfanteuffel or the late President of Police; the evidence for this assumption is by no means so conclusive as for the former, but -whatever way the matter be looked upon, it throws a very unpleasant light upon the back-door courses and the underhand influences in play at this Court. What is above related is the substance of the d3fence put forward on Oath by the gentleman in Potsdam high in the service of the State, well off and respected, of whom it can in no way be shown that he was an interested party, *who communicated all he knew of the matter as fast as he became aware of the nefarious practices of the spy, until he assured himself that the man was standing under high protection. This statement must inevitably be admitted as true, but it is doubtless not the whole truth, as far as the nature and number of the papers stolen; they have, doubtless, been disposed of, not all to any one employer, but separately to various parties, accordingto the nature of the interest of their contents. And what is it that has made these surreptitiously-obtained papers of so great value as to make men of high standing close their eyes to the probable method by which they were obtained. It is the existence of a Camarilla at Court, the interposition of a number of men between the King and his ostensible Ministers,to whom the latterare virtually subjugatedtothe extent of the influence which any one or more of them may gain over the Royalmind. There are seven Ministers of State; and-for every department thus ostensibly and openly recognized there is a Secretary, or Cabifetsrath, or Adjutant, immediatelyvattached t3 the person of the King as a sort of private collateral counsellor; almost all the documents the Minister submits to the King have to pass through the hands of this occult Privy Councillor, who furnishes the King with his knowledge, his views, and his aivice on the subject. This is precisely the institution that the great reformer of Prussia, Baron Stein, abolished in 1806 as the first grand ob- stacle in the way of good government; and so long as it is retained in its present revived form, the King will always be exposed to the supposition of being more or less under the influence of these intermediate channels of business, and his M1inisters wMl be in the same degree wanting in zeal and independence as not feeling themselves standing in a direct personal relation to their Sovereign. The existence of the Cabimtrathe, &c., is recognized and understood, and is productive of evil " only in a lower degree," but the existence of the camarila, in the shape of Adjutants and Chamberlains, &c., is the one great fatal curse of the country, depriving the KingI of the respect and admiration due to himself both in the eyes of his subjects and of foreigners abroad, and giving rise instead to feelings of suspicion, muistrust, slight, and contempt, which could have no place if he strippedhimself of this baneful entourage. It wiU be the King's own faultif, onsomesubsequent occasion,I the Western Powers should declare to him they can have no confidence in his professions as long as General von Gerlach occupies his present position; Napoleon I., in his insolence of. power demanded of the . pitiable Friedrich Wil- helm m. that he should banish from his dominions. nn tiommb SteW?, the refounder of his kingdom. It will be a great blea-Zng" for Prussia and her King whenever any party, wvhether at home or abroad, is Iu a position to demand. the banishment, at least from Court, of' sn m~onm' Oeri~ac. Aisk where one will of-the best -informed person,, no one caunpoint out a single creditable action or a 'wholesome pie6a of advice emanating from this quarter. TEE BALTIC. (FRC1£ oua; oFwr COBBSPO?DNDE.) HAMBURG, 31&cu 18. The British steam sloop Samson, 6 guns, Capt. Brock, arrived yesterday from the flying squadron, with despatchesfromComnmodore Watson, C.B. -The vessels, in their cruise up {he Baltic, had found much floating ice along the coasts, and the cold was very severe. With respect to any Ru3sian ships of war having been seen at any time moving about the Gulf of Finland or the Baltic Sea, such a thing had been impossible, even had they wished to do so, on account of the great mastes of ice seen on all part3 of -the coast. The navigation of the Elbe, for some miles down the river, has experienced a complete stoppage for waut of asufficiency of water to convey vessels up and down, in consequence of the easterly winds which have prevailed for some dayspast. Even the city canals cannot le traversed by lighters to convey goods to and from the vessels in port, and buiness is, therefore, at a thorough standstilL The wreck of the Hamburg ship Adolph, Captain Henningson, which took place somue days ago ia the British Channel, on her voyage to Africa; ha created some sensation. She had a valuable cargo, in her. _ ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATGAS. (FROM our. OWN CoR7zsro N:o s.) - - - - SOUTHANYELOeN, Ta S= YiORN339G.i Arived.--Brannock, Arbutus, Mechanic's Own, ..nd Betsey, from Cardiff; Wonderand SouthWestern, steamers, from Jersey ; Alliance, steamer, from Havre; Charlotte, from Guernsey. Sailed.-Two Sisters, Nancy, aud Conutantia, for.Sunderlaud; Oswell, for Newport; Mary, for l'oole; Emily Ann, for Dublin; Express, steamer, for Jersey; Argyll, steamer, for Carentan; Atalanta, steamer, for Havre. LIVERPOOL, Tzur.SDAYv M0onm?G. 'wind N.W. Arived.-Henrys, from Alexandria; Victor, fro= Ostend; Enigheden, Veragero, Granite, -and Western Chief, from NTew Orleans; Delta, from H5ar; YajestI, from Santander; Telegraph, fromTersey.' Sailed.-Spartan, for Smyrna; Victoria, for Mobile; Anna A. Tyng, for Havannah; Princess Rlyy4 for Calcutta; Standard, for Halifax; Lively, for Constantinople.. QuXENSTOwN', mrci 18.. Sailed.-Julianna, for Barbados; Cambria, -for TriniaAd. Berwick Walls, for Antwerp; Devon5.:n, for Barbados; Josephine, for Philadelphia. (BY s=N A r zxn A.NrD BrBSE TEEGA?E.) GRAVESEN'D, THMRSDAY, 10 AK. Wind lW.N.W. ; tide one hour and a halfs flood,; rain. ing. Arrived, March 20.-Chanticleer, steamer, from Bala. klava; Iron Age, steamer, from Gibraltar. Sailed.-Contest, for Calcutta; Appolonia, for Gottenborg. DEAL, TAuEsDs&n , 9.36 AL. 'Wind N.N.W., moderate. Passed.-Gambia, screw steamer, from Sierra Leone, for London; Revenge, from St. Michael's, for London; Her Yajesty's steamer Dee, from Portsmouth, for Woolwich; Amdromeda, for Newport; Sandade, for I3sbon; Porapier, for Breat; Lizzie Gowan, for Smyrna; Star, for Cardiff; Comet, for Bermuda; Celeritas, for Jamaica; Exoelsior, for Corfu; Brougham, for Port Natal; Cyclone, for Sydney-all from London. * STOCK EXCEANQE. TEnusDAY MomimG, 11 o'`Cw Consols for3Money ... I... 92b to 92k Consols for Account (April10) ... 924 to 92i Consols Sclip ... ... ... 2i to 21 pm. Exchequer Scrip ... ... ... 2i to 2k pm.
- THEZLATE D EL AT BERLI,l The-Zent of Berln publishes the following letter:- "cThe unhappy duel in which the Director-General of the Polioe, M. de Hinckeldey, has lost his life, has given rise to a crowd of erroneous and malevolent allegations. Reproaches especially have been directed against the func. tionaries to *whom the deceased was subordinate, accusing them of having approved the duel, in place of preveating it. The undersigned believes it his duty to brnng to the lmowWedge of the public the facts of which he is cognizant in this deplorable affair. " On the 28th of February a person in leauge with X. de Ilochow presented himself at the house of the undersigned' under the pretext of an interview upon a private matter. This person entered into conversation of a most offensive character as related to M: de Hinckeldey, and placed before the undersigned varinus pa whichhe saidemanated from iL de Rochow, and whc contained the grossest insults towards 1. de Hinckeldey. The undersigned irnnediatelI declared that he could not allow the propagation of sach pamphlets directed against a high functionary with whoim he was in personal and amicable relations, and that he believed it his duty to denounce them. It was replied that, far from making the least objection, they had only in view the concealment from the public of the ocuments in question. On the 1st of March the undersigned informed WL. de Hinckeldey of the facts, and learnt from him that he had already been informed of them from another source; and the manner in which he expressed himself led to the belief that he bad resolved to demand- reparation for these injuries from the persons concerned. "Although the7undersigned could scarcely believe that this resolation was serious, he believed it his duty, nevertheless, to inform the King of it. lXis Idajesty at once pronounced himself' strongly against the duel, ani ordered the undersigned to collect in all haste the materials that could throw light upon the affair and bring about an understanding satisfactory to all parties. The undersigned obeyed the orders of the King without a mioment's loss of time and with the greatest zeal, and at the wish of Mis Majesty made a journey into Silesia on the night of the 1th of Mrch in order to taLe the depositions ofa person implicated. Although the undersigned had informed 3L de Hmckeldey of his departure anId of the object of his journey, the latter showed a fatal eagerness to proceed with the arrangements for the duel, and suruded his proceedinga with a secresy so absolute that all the efforts made to prevent the de,zogmcnt were fruitless. M de Hinckeldey ia his designs from his fIbily and from all around him. n eezp?oys of the policeiss the only person who appears to havfe beenfully acquaintedwith the projected dueland of the hour at which it would take place. "NOENE "The rocureur of theing at the Tribune of 1st Instnce. "Berlin, March15, 1856."
ITH CEPITTUATION OF KARS. Teb,ue-bo&6;relating to the defence and capituion of Kan contains no less than 390 despatches, ides zeveral enclo ures, commencing with the l ,tructons from the Foreign-office to Colonel Wilms oi selecting him as the Queen's Commissioner th ilti Turkish army in Asia, dated August 2, e,ar.d ending with one from Lord Stratford, of nuary 24 in the present year. At tbe time when Colonel Williams left this unatry the pubEc mind, whichhad been duning the rlypatt of the summer agitated by anxiety for the :e of ,iliatria, at length relieved from that cause r uneasiness, was looking forward to some aggresre atej on the part of the allied armies, now set ee by the retreat of the Russians from the neigh)urhoolof theDanube. InAsiafortunehadfrowned pan the Ottoman arms. At the outbreak of the pr Selin Pasha, Commander of the Turkish forces Batotin, suoceeded by a cotv de main in obtaing podiession of Schefkatil, or St. Nicholai, the untier station of the Russians on the castern coast E the .Black Sea, and inl holding it against all tempt; on the part of the enemy to regain posseson. :ut this was the onlypernanent successthat owned the Ottoman cause in that region, and the inter of 1853 set in upon a dispirited and ill-apointed army, comnmanded by a chief (Zarif 'asha) in whom no confidence could be olaced y his 3ubordinates, while the zeal and talents ossessed by some of these were entirely neutral:ed y the factious opposition of their jealous rivals. arly in the :*ummer of 1854 Selin, the captor f ScheBaitil in the previous year, again met rith acme slight successes ag.ainst the enemy'; ut sub~equently he was defeated with great loss at )zuruhetti, and it becamne obvious that, unless the lost energetic proceedings were adopted to reorgance the TuAl;ih army, the whole of Asia Minor rould be exposed defenceleus to the attack of the Zursi4a forces in Georgia and Armenia, and a06t ferious consequences, evenaffecting thae general ssue of the war, might be apprehended. Under hcse crcumstances. it was thast Colonel Wiliamrs 'eceived his appointment. Ee was instructed to 6-t at the heal-quarters of the Asiatic army " in ommniurication with, and under the orders of, lIord Raglan," from whom he was " to receive detailedl ustructions for his guidance." But, as it was pectEd. that by the time he arrived at Corniuantincple Lord Raglanwould bein the Crimea, and ,he &nnianisioner's presence was urgently required t the Turkish head-quarters, a personal interviewwas in that case dispensed with. Provision was similaiTr made for the case of cormmunications to 'he Porte of a pressing nature. They were to go 3irect -o Lord Stratford at Constantinople, care only being taken to apprise Lord Raglan of the circunmstance, and to furnish him with copies both of the despatches and the Ambassador's replies. Deapatches to the home Government were in al casesto pass through the hands of the Ambassador, under flying seal, so that no precaution was omitted tO Preseve a perfect understandiing between all parties responible for the public service, and to secure an uniform action on their parts. ialy, the m- structions to the commissioner were transmitted in duplcale to the Ambassador, together witlh the following despatch ' T AIL OF CLArEKDOK TO lonR STrxATFonD DI "Forei -office, Aug. 2,1854. "Mffy Lord,-I enclose, for y cellency's mformation, -a copy of two despatches which I have addressed to Ideute- -CeIo-nel Willams, of the Boyal Artillery, who, yoEwill Sercerve, is attched to the head-quarters of the Turkish army inr Aia, on the same footing as Brigadier-General Roe is .attached to those of the French arny. " Your Excellency will uaint the Porte th this apCoinmenelt, and request that the necessar inStructions may be given to the cminanders of the Turhe sh armes in Asia on the mbiect; and yon will urge the Porte to send those iustructisas without deIay, so that Lieutenant-Colonel Williarm,3 on his arrival at the Turkish head-quarters, may be tieated with all the consideration which is due to the po6itiOI which he holds. "I am, &c. "O CLARBkNnON." Colonel Williams arivedat Constantinople onthe 14th, anid the next moming delivered his papers to -the Ambassador, who " apprehended no difficulty in -aldng the necessary arrangements with thePorte." There wtas indeed no timeto be lost. The aggressive :movemnrents which had been feaied had already commnencbd. OnJuly29a Russian.forceadvanced on Byazid-a point commanding the great commercial road between Turkey and Persia ; Selim Pasha, at -the head of the troops in position there, fled, panic-stricken, and the Russians obtained possession 'of "very large supplies of bread, flour, ammnsunition, hay, tents, and camp furniture, the greater part of which was laid up for-winter stock."> The people of the neighbouring villages fed in all directions, and Erzeroum itself wras alarmed by the report that the Rusians were approaching i. But -worse was soon about to follow. Mustapha Zarif Basha; the 3Eushir, anxious to earn a reputation for courage, was rash enough to draw the greater part of his half-disciplined forces out of Kars, .and after a night march to attack at dawn of day the mainx Russian armny, fresh and drawn up to receive him, at Kurruk-Dereh, a village beeen }ars and Gunri. After an obstinate *cGmbat from 5 o'clock to 10 in the forenoon he was compelled to retreat, leaving ten guns in the possession of the enemy, and having incurred a loss of -men .which subsequently-acquired information forbids to estimate at less than 10,000. The first intelligence of this calamity reached Lord Stratrord, at Constantinople, on the 20th, and Lord Clarendon -on the 31st of Augunst. This injudicious proceeding not only increased the distrust entertained by the Turk ish soldiers for their offlcers, but likewise engendered one of their own prowess; and evenhad -the onset succeeded, it could have led to no important results, the Turkish army not possessing either provision, material, or carriage adequate to an idvance into the interior of Georgia in the face of Fn intelligent enemy, having the whole resources of #ihat countryat. his command. In- the meantime Colonel Williams received from -Tord Raglan the detailed instractions which the Foreign-office had required him to apply for; and it will be observed that among these the importance of obtaining the efficient support of the Turldsh Govemament is prominently- put forward .- " Gnusscr LOED EAGLAIC TO COLO;E: WILmsArs. " Varna, Aug. 20,1854. "Sir.-Her hajesty's Government having been pleased -to nominate you Commissionerat the heaa-quarters of the Turlqsh army in Asia, and to act in that capacity in cornmuimcation with me and under my orders, I have the !xonour t re.nest that, in obedience to their commands, you wilole I no time in proceeding to Kars and assuming the duties confided to your d scharge. "You will, however, in the first instance, take advantage of your being at Constantinople, for the purpose of obtaining the necessary equipment, to solicit Her Majesty's Ambassador to get from the Turki:h Governmenit initroductions to the authorities with whom youn wil have to communicate in the accomplishment of the objects of your mnission. " You will also seek toobtain frorhiiExcellency the ad-vice wh:ich his great local experience, hiis kowledge of publio mrien ia this country, and his unrivalled power of dczn tion enable him to giva better than any other " The instrActions of the Secretary of State are ample, and would render unnexessary that I should add anything thereto, were it not that the variety of accounts that have been gia of the lMushir's army obliges mre to impress upon you the erpediency of truing to no, reorts you may recenve, but of endeavouring to ascertain by close personal observat-.on its .actual Composition, the nubers each arm canbrin,ginto thlefield, distinguishing.the Begnlars from the Tirefnlars, tJLsstate of the arms in possession of the trcope, -ibether cavalry or infantry, the quantity of mnusket ammunitiou (rounds per man) ix the hands of the men and in rese-re, the numrner of pleces of artiller and their calibre, how horsed, and with what nmnber o rounds per gun, and. how carried; whether the infantry or cavalry are foned into bri,gades and divisions, and under general odiceis, -s whether there is no formation beyond that of a regment; or battalion; wrhether the troops are regularly supplie,dwwith provisions and the horses ith forage; aud, lastly, 7hether the army is paid, and to what period. "Yoc will also make it your business to discover whether thze officers ezercising cormmands of importance are effcient, and whether they support each other, or are occupied in intrguing to supplant these with whom they are associated. "Yot will snake all these inquiries free from any spirit of party or bias in favour of or prejudice against any indivi- dual, and you will attend especially to the judicious injunction of the Earl of Clarendon to establish and maintain the meft fziendly relations with the French officer whom I have xeasotu ta hope Mashal St. Arnaud will attach to that army for the exercise of the same functions as those entrusted " You ill correrpond with me by every opportunity, and g-ou wiuItakX qare -to send your despatches to the Secretary of SIaTn uu er eing seal to Viscount Stratford, and to keep biziafl5e Lnforrme& uponalilitar as well as political .nate*i, -t " I have, &c., The b iaoner himself was no less sensible thaaI tord Raglan of the powerful asistance which Lo0rdStratford coidd afford, as appears from the following letter " CONLO WILLIAY TO LORtD TRATFOp D ID - - "~~~~~Pera, Aug, 23. 1854 "MYLod,-I hav ethe honour to ncose, for your Lordsbipa I nforaion, a dapae which I have this momnent eeive,frGenera Lord Raglan, ad in doing so I begto olcit f.m your Excellency the aitance and advic which are so necessary, and indeed indispensable, to the fulfilmen Of> Ogeagc. not et arrivedfrom Englsnd, but the edway steamer is hourly expected. In-the meantime I amn occupied wfith my tents and other arrangements for mr' departure oh the 31st inst., when I understand an Austrian steamer goes to Trebizonde. " I have, &c. " W1ir s3m." The Russians, in spite of their successes, were not prepared to advance urther into Armenia. After pluldering Byazid, they retired; and on the 9th of SeptemberhLord Stratford writes home . "The Turkish Government delares its intention of keeping the arsmy at Kan on the defensive. The retirement of the Russias and the aDproach of winter, are, in themselves' sufficient securities that no forward movement will be attempted. " The dead season, should war continue, wil afford time for deliberation on the whole of this matter, and-the reports of Colonel Williams may be expected to assist Her Majesys Government in coming to a decision as to wvht may best be done in order to make the next campaign in Asia more successful than the last." The home Government warraly seconded its commissioner. It does not appear whether Colonel WiMliams himself, before leaving Constantinople, iequested to be fortified by the authority resultincg from Turkish militay rank; but, at any rate, Lord Clarendon takes care that his own opinion on the subject should-be made known :- "T}iE BASL or CLxRre!ON -TO LoRD STRATFOP.D DE RxDcLsIvx. (Extract.) "Foreign-office, Sept. 22, 1854. "Ier Majestyls Government trust that Ismail Pasha, the newly-appointed general, may, unike his predecessor, have been selected on account of his capacity, and they request that he may receive instructions to defer to the advice of Colonel Williams, wlho is thoroughly acquainted with the peopeand the count-ry, and vho ought to havea high authrity,an given to him in order to insure respect for };is authority.~~~~~~~~~fr i "< Your Excellency wsill read and give a copy of this despatch to lRedichid Pasha." Colonel Williams reached Ezeroum on the 14th of September, and Kars on the 24th. An enclosure in his first despatch to the Foreign-office is written between Trebizonde and the former place; and the state of carelessness and general neglect on the part of the Turks which it indicates makes it a fitting prelude to the series of complaints which continually followed it up to the very moment when the heroic defenders of Kars succumbed, not to the force of their asailants, but to the apathy and corruption oftheir own countrmen. It is addressed to Hafig Pasha, the Governor-General of Trebizonde "COLOWNUZ W LIA.sS TO EHAz PASEA. " Bayboat, Sept. 10, 1SM. 'Excellency,-The two guides whom, your Excellency sent reached me at Chiarlar, and have accompanied the caravan as far as this station. They have conducted themselves with great propriety, and I have to thank you for this mark of attention. " When I had the honour of conversing with your Excellency at Trebizonde on the affairs of the army at Bare, vou fully coincided with my views with respect to the late disasters near that city-viz., that it was entirely owing to the want of conduct on the pat of the superior officers. " It is not only on the field. of battle that ill-conductleads to defeat; but the remissness of officers in charge of arillery, ammunition, and stores on their way to the army in the field equally conduces to fatal results. I have now to bring to your Excellency's notice the bad conduct of the officer, whoever he may be, that has chargo of the siegetrain which you informed me marched a certain number of houars a-day towads Erseromn. I had not got more than two hours from Trehizonde when I passed two of the valuable guns planted in the middle oft te road, and, on inaquir. ing of apent who stood at his door,found that they had been abandoned.' at a short distance from these guns I passeda load of spongesand rammers,apparentlyeenoughfor the whole slege-train of 32 guns. " These were thrown together loosely on the cart, anrd were already much warped and injured by the su1t and rain. They ought to have been packed in bundles and covered with matting. " I enter into these details with your Excellency to show the utter neglect of the officer of artfllery who sent forward these stores, and I take the liberty of, strongly recommending you to despatch the colonel of artillery whom I met at Trebizonde, to superintendthe forwarding of this ordrnance; obligiig him to render you a daily report of their progress, and thus assuring their passage across the mountains before the snow falls. I have sent this despatch open for MIr. Stevens to read toyourr Excellency; andi should fail in my duty if I did not send copies of it to Her Majesty's Ambas. sadorat the Porbe, to Lord Clarendon, and to Lord Raglan, Commander-in-Chief of the English army. I beg to add that 20 of the guns have passed Baybout, and that no less than 12 remain in the position I have described. " I have, &c., " W. F. WLETIs." At Erzeroum Colonel Williams was well received by Ismail Pasha, the Governor of the province, to whom he pointed out the necessity of providing quarters and securing fuel for the troops of the Turkish army during the winter, which the snow resting on the adjacent hills showed to be impending; of collecting the harvest, which had been most abundant, and which could have been easily secured bypersons havingthe cormand of money; of opening the line of commun ication with Persia; and putting the hospitals into an effcient state. Erzero was the medical depdt for the whole army, and from it supplies were furnished to Kars; but, although ample funds were said to be provided at Constantinople, the peculation of the officials was such that scarcely any medicines, except the most worthless drugs, found their way to tjse camrp, and even these were made away with whenever a favourable opportunity offered. " After the late defeat," says Dr. Sandwith, in his report,- " A rich harvest was made by the apothecaries and doctors, who turned into money their medicines and instruments, and reported them as having been captured by the Russians." On his arrival at Rars the commissioner was pleased to find that, so far as regarded the actual building, a great improvement had taken place in the hospital accommodation since the last year. He writes on the 24th of September . " It is with pleasure that I acquaint your Lordship with the result of may iscection, which embraced the four caravanserais and buildings appropriated to the reception of the sick and wounded, amounting, at the present moment, to 500 men; the beds were comfortable, the rooms as clean as the nature of the buildings would admit of, the kitchens and offices in better order than I had been led to expect ; the patients were well cared for in aU those points on which a military officer can be supposed competent to offer an opinion. " On mny retuma to the Mushir I mentoued to his EXcellency the suggestion of Dr. Sandwith, which was, to construct fireplaces in each building to create, by means of the draught caused by these fires, a more thorough ventilation. His Excellency promised to give orders to that effect. " The -icture which I have thus drawn of the hospitals of Kars is indeed a pleasing contrast to that which presented itself to the miserable inmates of the same buildings during last winter, when, owing tothe want of medicines, bedding, food, fuel, and light, nearly 12,000 perished in thema; their bodies, even before death released themnfrom their agonies, presenting spectacles too loathsome to describe. But the improvement did not extend to the mnedical treatmient. Dr. Sandwith, who accompanied Colonel Williams ina his inspection, observed no paper of prescriptions hanging over the bed of the patients, as is usual in hospitals, and, " seeing no bottles," says he,. "I asked where the medicines were. I found that a great proportion of the patients were without remedies, others had tin bottles by their bedsides containing their potonr. The apothecary who accompaiiied me was nable to say what these -metallic--bottles contained, but on tastil,g the fluid therein it was invariably found to Be gome infusion or decoction of harmless and useless herbs, such asnmarsh-mallowr, bitter-sweet, and the like. All. the severe surgical cases lad been removed, others were alreadyconvalescent or dead, so that I was unable to ascertain by personal inspection the kind of dressings used. Many of the Xpatients I .saw wrere in various stages of typhus, dysenterg, pneumnonia, &c., and certainlyE required more energ-etic treatment than appeared to be in vogue. I was lnabl'e to obtain a sight of any statistical account of the diseases under treatment, but the above-mentioned appeared to me to be the most frequent. "Separating myself fromr-ColonelWilliams and isparty, *howere inspecting wBat was directed to be shown, I prevailed on one of the medical men to conduct me to the pharmacy. We dived into a dark filthy passage, ascended a ladder, and came intO three small mud rooms,. which were shown to me as the central phanracy. A short iDspecton of thisat once explained to me the want of medicines in the hospital. A few large bottles and vases were labelled with about 20 specimens of drugs, but those labelled, for medicines of any value I found empty, the others conltained pre- parations such as aqua styptica and tinctures, the use of' which has long been discarded by modern medi6ire, There werealso infusions of marsh-mallowr, extracts o£ bittersweet, and sundry equally nefficacios drugs. The wh'ole place was filthy and disorderly, and seemed more like the wreck of a plundered pharmacy than the depot from which the sick of an amy are supplied." On the 26th of September and t*o following days the commissioner inspected the Kars armyJ and the description which- he gives ' furnishes most striking evidence of the extent to wvhich peculation. had been carried by the Turkish oEcials. -The-poor soldiers were in rags; their pay was 15, 18, and in some cases even 22 months in arrear; the horses received only one-h3lf and even one-third of theii. proper al ance of harley;, and the nurabers emuster-rolls a for which rations were drawn, were more than double those actually in existence. The arm in the most effective state was the artillery, on the conmnander of wlhich, Tahir Pasha, considerable praise is bestowed. The infantryj too, in apito ot %er-l:rei%tment, " atrc k -CoonelX Williams by their healthy and soldierlike mien." But the cavalry were all but ueles.- Their sabres were "soshort and inefficient that, hadtheirofficers induced the men to close with the enemy in the last battle the ~ ~ hjilel: Te sThe oldiem were allowed to unr0ot the houses of -the country people to save thezaelvea the trouble of juttng and drawing tbsnber ;-and the generals and coloneisfor the most partwere addict to the lowest vices and most disorderly habits. -l The commitoioner loA t no time in maing repre.- aentations to the Ambassador at Constantinople, and to the home Government, as well as to the author.ties on the spot, of the necessity for amending' this digraceful state of things. The first thing to be done was to distribute the forces into their I winter quarters, Kars itself not possessing sufficient resburceato receive above 10,00) men, without exposing them to the risk of disease. Accordingly, the comnmissioner was anxious to obtain the payment to the soldiers of even a small portion of their arrears, that they might purchase some few comforts for themseives before the conmnenceinent of the severe weather. le especiaUy desired that it ihould be sent in specie, the paper not only being at a discount of 20 per cent., but there being no stock of small coin in circulation to change it. The followilg de3patch to MIr. Brant, the Consul at Erzeroum, exhibits the precarious conaition of thbings in vivid colours "Cam-p, near Ears, Oct. 4,1854. Sir,-Having had occasion this morning to bring to the notice of the Mushir the state of the cavalry horses,which, from being for a considerable-tirne on half-ration of barley, are unfit for service, I begged that three instead of two okes might be issued to them. His Excellency in. formed me that he had only six days' provision of this grain in store, and tlhat his acquiescence in iny request would reduce the number of days' subsistence to four ; that in all other departments of the Cotanissariat they were equally deficient; in fine, he admitted. th&tthir nsatc,f ar army was living from hand to mouth, and in the event of the rains setting in it would be reduced to extreme want and bitter suffering. "The army's debts here and at Erzeroum are already 10,000 purses, and the arrears of pay amount to 25,000 purses; the troops were paid a half-month's arrear on the Ist inist.-that is, each man received a 10 piastre note,which he cannot change to buy tobacco or any other little neces. sary; specie is, therefore, necessary to its very existence. TheMusteshar is absent at'Erzeroum, andthere is a lament. able remissness in forwarding supplies; msy 1, therefore, request of you to wait on IsmajiPasha, the Governor-Ge. neia, and, read this despatch. to his Excellency, eg him, at the same time, to rectify these defects and aid the common cause in which the three allied empires are engaged. His good intentions must be seconded by the most active as. sistance, or even greater misfortune than has already befallen this army will soon be exhibited w1ienthe winter obliges us to break up, and leave 10,000 unprovided for in this garrison, here typhus fever already preva;ls not only in the hospi. tals, hut amoDg the inhabitants, in vhose houses I am obliged to search for winter quarters for the Sultaa's troops, and whichI hope to effect in a few days. You were 'witness tomy efforts in this respect at E3rreroun, and you can therefore conceive the difficulties which present themselves in this wretched andtwicepillagedtown " I beg yoa to havo the goodness to send a copy of this despatch, together with the ansver of his Excellency the Governor-General, to the Earl of Clarendon, to Her Majesty's Ambssador, sad to Genleral Lord Raglan. ' I have, &c., I"W. P. W rrS s."' But the authorities who had beenL in the habit of enriching themselves by the miseries of their own soldiers were not disposed to yield 'without a trial of their strength against the British Commissioner ; and in the second week of October the contest was brought to an issue in the -way detailed in the following despatches:- "COLONEL WIIIIMs TO THE EARL OF CLA DNOY. (Received Nov. 7.) . - (Extract.) "Cam p near Kare, Oct. 10, 185L "After the despatch of my lst messenegr I -vaited on the Musbir, and offered his Excellency the following advice. "' L Seeing that severe frosts now occur at night, which especially affect the invalids, and that we have before us tho certainty of winter, which may at any day overtake us, I stronely recommended a selection of the weak and sickly men iroin all the corps, as also the most attenuated of the cavalry horses, in order that they mnight march leisurely towards Erzeroum, which arrangement would in nowisa lessen the real eofectiveof the army, and at the same time enable the men to reach their winter quarters with less chance of crowding the hospitals after their arrivaL Mlustafa Pasba at first insistea that all his men were able to march -to Erzeroum in four days. I replied that in Ail armies infirm and weak men were to be found. The Mushir then said that he would order the selection of the sickly and weak from each regiment. I havejust heard from the FerikPashas that no such orders have been given. "1 2. I told the Pasha that, in superintending the drills of the army, I found the infantry uinstracted in loading even wjthblankr cartridges; that many of the regiments had not the oppcortunity of one day's file-firiIng given to them; sar,d I begged him (now that it could be done wFithout even the fear of scarcity of powder, which fearhe had expressedwhen Ifastspoke to him on this vial point) to carry my wishes "3. I have repeatedly beggedhim to send into the neighbouring forests to cut wood and haul it into Kars before the terrible winter of these regions sets in. " 14. Ihavenotceased forthelastlO daystoiimportunethe Mushir to case the houses intended for the safety of the Sultan's troops to be cleared out and. cleaned for my iispection. "5 . I have inquired in vain for the result of any arrangement made bythe Vali of Kars for the supply of Inuttonfor the force about tobe left in Kars, and I can find no reason for sup sing that great privation will not be felt on that head. lhe sheep ought to have been purchased before this eleventh hour, and placed in vihages within reach of this garrison during the stormus andintense coldof an Armenian "6. Mledicines and wine for the sick Lave also ocnpied my attention. is ExcellencyZarif MustafaFaaha tells me that a supply of medicine has already arrived at Erzerouna; but I have just complaints to offer to your Lordshipeven on the diet of these hospitals. Dr. Sandwith brought me, two days ago, a loaf of black dough, full of all sorts of impurities, and quite unfit for a human being. This was taken from a sick man. I enclosed it to the Mlushir, who said it had been sent to the hospital as food for the attendants, and not for the sick. " 7. 1 have just heard of the intention of the Mushir to divide those regiments which Mill remain after the garrison of Ears is completed into detachmente, to be stationed at Ardahan, Kaghisman, and Childir - thus reducing the garrison of E1rzeroum to aforce quite insufficient to prevent its insult and capture bv the enemy, operating by Bayazid in early spring. I shaZl immediately protest against this arrangement. " 8.* Ishallagain endeavour tobringthe3fushirto reason on all points connected with this despatch; if I fail, I am prepared to adopt that course which the urgency of our affairs demands atmy hands." "; COLONEL WuAms TO THE EARL or CLAnRNDox. (Received Nov. 7.) (Extract.) " Camp near Kars, Oct. 11, 185. "Hearing this morning that the Mushir was in consultation with his two Feriks, I sent and begged to be allowed to spaeak with them. I was consequently inivited to Zarif Mej ostafaFasha's tent. I began by recapitulating my requeStS to have quarters propared for the troops who are to remnain hero. On this point I received the rusual excuses and vague answvers. I then touched on the preparations to be made for the march of the division intenlded as the winter garriSon of Erxzeron. Zr LusatafPas ansvwered 'with a smile that did not convey respect, ' that he knew how to manage and quarter his troops. I felt that the moment had arrived when I must act with firmness, or lose all my influence, which has thus far 'wrung from the Mfushir daily drill for the army, and procured wholesome food for the hitherto half-starved and fever-stricken soldiers, who have expressed to General Guyon their gratitude for this amelioration of their condition. I therefore drew from my pocket the draught of rmy despatch of yesterday's dafe, and. caused, each paragraph to be translated to the astonished Mushir and his-Feriks. The tone of his Exellency chsnged-in& mnoment, but as no promise was given Itook my leave. l had scarcely reahedi nmy tent'when Mr. Zohra, the interpreter and. secretary,was recalled, and a promiSesent to me that he vould attend to every suggestion which I should in-future make for his consideration. 7" At a later hour of the morning I was called to hear the M~hir giVe -his orders for the preparation of the houses intended for the troops in Ea2s, and. also di-ections for the conduct of this local governor with regard to the supply of wood,. gan, and sheep. -His reply was that any suppulies can behad with money, but that such is the extent of debts already contract,cd by this army that nwothing but cash would induce the pr-oducer to ciome forward in the market. I have, therefore,- addressed-a letter to the Defterdar of the army atXrzerour, under cover to Mr. -Brant, -requesting hVi to read itto that functionary, and to forward a copy of it, together with his reply, to your Lordship. "I have this moment heard of the arrivalof a courier in camnp from Erzeroum, bringing 500 purses (2,5001.), but1 as on former occasions, it proves to be paper money. 1his sum, however, has been handed. over to thl qoveano-i of K6rs, Ato insure the immediate supply of wood, meat, and grain. " I heard this morning that the Mushir was aboat to quit the army.; ind, as he hud:tbrown out a hint to that effect wbile conversing with me yesterday, I waited on him thismorming, and adiised him to. contradict sucli reports, as his Excellency well knew that kars was his post till the army had been Fliced in safe winter quartersj in the details of w%ich he will. take my advice, *' The Russian camp is now on the Arpa-tchal river, two hours'above Gumri.- It has lost P.good deal of ammunition by accidental or wilful explosion, and. I got the Pasha's pronlise this ano-ing to.have'our .tiimbrfls so diviaed anc g-aarded as to prevent any serious loss by the acts of spies .ortreAcherons friends in this' camp. ' P.S.-Aftei wr.iting this despatch I havo been able to -see the muster-roll about to be forwarded by the Mushir to Constantinople; The total -number stands 27538 effective of-all airms; 'heresas, sas have already hinted. inany fornier -reOorts, if this army wveraiallid upon to stand to its armsthis evening, 14,000 effectiv&men wduld be--al' thut could E4d to that call." - - ''e lime Government, as befor-e slioWsno liikewarffinesain supporting its agent. Laid Clarendon iD.st:tly'wrtez to 'Lor Shtmiorz, d-e'geizcSe "Foreign office, NOv. 9,1854, -' ' hy Lord,-Your Excellency wll have leaint from the correspondence of Colonel Williams the peoulations and frauds on'thepart of the ushir and his immediate chiefs 'wvhich have been.,attseded with such disastrous conse- =u2eneg -a *egarda the efficiency of the 'Turkish army. at " "I have now to inatrct our Exoellency to demand of *the-Porte the punishmentof Zarif Pas, andhis two Feriks, Kerinm Pha and Yell Pssha, by whomthesefrauds and de. ceptiona have beencarriodon, if thePorte means to attempt the. rwOrMtiOn of discipline .in the unfortunate army at "lamn &c The firmness of the comnioner was not without its fruits. On the 20th of October he is. able to inform Lord Clarendon that, owing to the exertions of the Pasha, at his solicitation, they " have been able to put the two regiments of Arabistan infantry out of the reach of the cold nights which 'nowprevail on this plain," and that "the drains. and canials, which were encumbered with every species - of substance calculated to engender fever, are now running with clear water from the river. By. daily visits to the kitchens, an comaplaintsmade in consequence either at breakfast .or dinner-time, the coloneisliave been forced to feed -their en, and he is happy toreport -the almost total disappearance of typhus fever in camp." *-On the th of 'November Lord Stratford writes that he has applied to Itedschid Pasha that the rankof Ferik, which is equivalent to that of General of Division, may be conferred on General Williams; that a promise has been given that the request wi3l be complied with; and that, agreeably to lo2d Clarendon's -suggestion, the new Commander-inChief of the army at Ears will be directed to listen to such advice as Colonel Williams may havecoccasioh to offer. The new commander referred to is Vassif Pasha, but it was not til the foUowing February that he arrived in Armenia. Immediately after the battle of Eurruk-Dereh the Porte had proposed to supersede Zarif Mustafa by Ismail Pasha (a namesake of the old governor of B:rzeroum), who had- distinguished himself in the campaign ontheDanube. On arriving, however, at Constantinople, about thc end of September, he was seized with an inflammation of the eyes to an extent to endanger his sight, and a provisional commaander-in-chief, by name Shukri P?asha,-said, but falely said, to have been strongly recommended by Omar Pasha-was appointed. This individual, who was to act as chef d'etat-major to Ismail when he should join the army, was to have for his second in command one Eassan Pasha, likewise said to have aerved with Omax Pasha as a' general of brigade. It soon appeared that the new provisional commander of the Xars army had no intention of carrying out the reforms which the commnissioner had begun, and that he had full confidence that, in rendering the efforts of Colonel Williams nugatory, he should have the support of the Seraskierate at Constantinople. Happily, he betraved his designs in passing through Erzeroum -on his way to the army, and the vigilant British consul there lost no time in conveying the intelligence to the commissioner,who, profiting by the absence of Zarif Pasha who left the army to return haome on the 25th. of October), had obtained considerable influence over the mind of Kerim Pasha, one of that generars Feriks. The day after the departure of Zarif he inducea lerim to assemble all the colonels, informed them that he had made arepresentation to theBritish Ambassador at-Constantinople of their gross peculations, and also that he was acquainted with the habitual nightly drunkenness that prevailed in the camp. The crest-fallen Kerim (who, after the departure of his chief, seems to have been thoroughly subdued by the energy of the British Comnmissioner) "assured him before the assembled colonels that he would putsa stop both to pillage and intoxication." The provisiona in store at Kars were inspectedl, and steps taken for augmenting them; the forts on the heights above Xaracompleted by General Guyon; and, althongh as a body the cavalry were annihilated, yet on the 7th of November there were above 13,000 troopa of all arms in comfortable quarters in the town before the setting in of the winteres rain and snow. Shukri Pasha, however, the new commander ad interinm, had no notion of allowing the reforms to go on. Ihs predecessor, Zarif, had done his best to excite him against Colonel Williams, telling him that he was a mere " Miralai," without any proper authority; that he had come to Kars, assumed the direction of everything, impeded the proper march of affairs, and produced nothing but confusion. Shulki Pasha, excited at this description, replied that an olficerin Routmelia had acted pretty much in the same way, but that the Turkish authorities soon got rid of him, and that this would be the result of Colonel Williams's mission. At this point, in the course of events, the question forces itself upon attention, how is it that before this time care had not been. taken, to secure to the British Commissioner some formal recognition by the Turkish Government, of a kdnd to put such counter agencies as the above entirely out of the question.. Lord Clarendon's despatch of the 22d of September reads almost peremptorily in this respect; yet Lord Stratford does not report the accession of the Porte to the application until the 15th of November, and the firman conferring the rank of Ferik -did not reach Coloisel'Wfliams till the 23d of January, 1855. On the 10th of November the commissioner, leaving Lieutenant Teesdale to supply his place at Kars, proceeded to Erzeroum. Eerim Pasha, apparently convinced by the resolute proceedings of Colonel Williams, that honesty would prove the best policy, lhad exerted himself strenuously to carry out the commissioner's views, and to such an extent that, in a despatch to Lord Clarendon of the 17th, .he is recommended to the favourable consideration of. the Ambassador at Constantinople, although only a few weeks before his punishmaent for malversation had been demanded. The same letter describes the proceedings of Shukri Pasha, in pursuance of his imprudently avowed intention to render the commissioneres mission augatory - " Iieutenant Teesdale ftirther states that Shukri Pasha had arrived at Kars, and had receivedhimwith cold civility, hut letting him plainly see that his presence was not desired. %I also met that Ferik on the snowy mountains lying between Kars and Erzeroum. His reception of mae was in all respects similar, and, although such conduct was irritating, my 13 years' knowledge of theTurks led me to consider .tas matter of course: I therefore saluted, and pased on my way. On my arrival in Erzeroum I waited on the Governor-General, Ismail Pasha, to give him the detailed contents of the magazines of Kars on the 8th inst., estimating the forceat 14,00D men and 2,000 horses, viz. .- "Wheat ... ... ... 37 days' consumption. "Barley .. ... ... 84 ":lour ... ... 4 - "Biscuit ... ... 23 I acknovwledged having passed large convoys proceedig to Ears, and again received his promise not to relax in his efibrts;h but this interview plainly indicated the only course -which was left for me in my fature communications with Shukri Pasha, now at the head of this army, and Hussein Pasha, the chief of the staff; and I consequentiy wrote him a letter, the enclosed copy, of which nill explain to your Lordship the nature of the conduct of both, and against hich Iliave protested in firm and, I trast your Lordship ill thinr appropriate terms. This letterill meetShulri Pasha on the road, on his return to ErzerouM; And - as I ileirn from ideutenant Teesdale that after the arrival of this futiiotinary at lCars he hadnotbeenabletoget the account of the daily issue6of provisions from the =agaziaes o -that garrison, the saspicions which my recent interview with the Governor-General and the military Pashas raisad in my iniAd.are filly borne out, and my resolution to take a stand agd2st a concerted plan on the part of the erik, Shukri Pasha, and. the chief of the staff, is, if possible, strengthened. Their object is obviously to deprive me of thtose sources of informxation which have thuls far enabl.ed ine to put Hrer Majesty's Government in possession of the effective strength and interiaed movements of this army, as well as to lay bare the enormous frauds which charactefrze its administration, eivil and military, ' which might have, and still may (if this clique be.not"crushed in the hud), lead an allied force into difficulty, and, perhaps, terminate ii great disasters. !'The G6vernor-Gei,eral .sad,the defterdaroflthe province lave just returned my Tisit.. They are despatching large supplies of every 'denomination to Kars, and they afford me all the intelligence I require. Isrmal Pasha is, owever, -a man of extreme old age, and should be invested with a' governmentbetter suited to his feeble body and impaired faculties.", - The home Goveriinent, on this, as on all former occasions; supported their cormissioner. Together with an assurance to Colonel .Wiliam that his conduiet was entirely approved,:and an encouragement '"'to persevere in his laudable 'exertions, notwithstanding the oppositiorn he might meet with," the! f6llowing- plain-spoken despatch was sent to Conatantinople.-.. ' . "7THE BARL OF Cr,AnxsnON TO LORD STRrTuFOIBD DE "-' '. ' -" Foreign-office, Dec. 29, 154. -"My lIor,-2Berbaestys .Governisent have. badunder their consideration General Williat's despatch of the ITtl of November,; and it is with regret,-or it woulda be fore appropriate:tosay vwith indignation, that'they hav again.to' complain.of the condactof theo Turkish oflicers at Ears. ! "HeorMajeatysGovernment have seuttothe head-uarters ot the IUM ortuAI te ay- 't i di&igivemiah o1ns 'whose k:no'wledgb and pxprience peculiarly fitte him for 'the service, and-itisnot too mich to saythat he has already I preserved 'the remnants of athe aiii from tthe desmtutionthat awaitedit at tehands of: its conmnnders. He has already saved 'large 'mms to the Sultan by. checldng the mnost b;irefaced. robberies, and yetit appeais that without' .respect for 'the chbaracter of General Williams- 'as Aae commissioner of the queeu of England, or reard for the Sultan's service. General Wiims is expomd to affront from Shukr Pasha and the Chief of the Staff, who endeavour to preient his acouiring the information that the Turkish Government are deeply interested that he should possess, in the vain hope that he mayabe disheartened and foiled, ana that the system oE plunder may recommence. But General Williams nust bc upheld, erd Eer Majesty's Government mnust insist that Lis exertions to render the army at Kars fit to take the field'in the spring should be aided by the Turkish Government. "Your Excellency will take the means you may think most expedient for bringing this despatch to the knowledgei of the Turkish Government,: but Her Majnity's Government desire that it should be by a written comnnumication. - "Your ExceUency will require that the most stringent instructions shall be sent to the Mushir to respect and support General Williams, ana your Excellency will obtain a copy of those instructiops andsend it to General Williams. " I am, &c., " CLARENDON." Colonel W lam now began to direct his chief attention to the putting Erzeroum into a respectable state of defence, and to the securing -the approach to that city from Toprak-Kaleh and Byazid, the directiorL in which the Russians had exhibited a design to advance upon it. For Toprak-:aleh he was particularly an3ious, the more so as he had no confidence in the discretion of the Tarkish conmanders. "COLONEL WILLIAMS TO Tim EAnL oF CLAm.\.oN (Received December 30.) "(Extract.) " Erzeroum, NZov. 26, 1854 'Two regients of infantry and as many of cavalry having been sent by:E ussein Pasha from Ears to Ardahan, throws a large force from the point where it 'was, in my opinion, more immediately required, that is, Toprak-Yleh and Byazid. I had frequently advised Zarif Mustafa Pasha (as I have already stated in former despatches) to hold his men in hand and keep his eye-on Byaid; andl Hussein Pasba madethismovementafter Iquitted -rs. Ihopeit will lead to no important embarrassment, as the 'weather is not inclement, and I do not think General Wrangel would risk a disaster (from snow and frost) at this critical period of affairs in the East. "IUntil Ismail 'Pasha arrives here nothing which I can hint at will be listened to, and I shall not lose a moment to draw his attention towards putting Erzeroun into a respect. able state of defence. The ground around presents favourable points, and we now have a battering train to arm redoubts most formidably; these inestimable guns. moreover (in such a difficult country to bring them into), are rizes 'which miight irduce the enemy to make a dash on tis city, where ammunitionL and stores to a large amount are in the magazines." At this stage in the cose of proceedings it becomes obvious that a sufflcient understandig had not been entered into before the departure of the British Comniiasionerfrom Constantinople, as to the powers which he was to possess in the event of such exceptional circumstances ashe found on his arrival in Asia. On the Stl of December Colonel Williams, who since the 23d of September had n.ot received any communication from Lord Stratford in reply to 54 diffierent despatches, each accompanied byvprivate letters, wvrote a strong letter to the .Ambassador, complaining of his silence, and insisting upon the necessity of his influence beinlg exerted to procure the removal of Shukri and Russein P'ashas. "If they are not instantly recalled to Constantinople," he says, " Therewill he very little, if any, useinmy attemptingto executethe dificultandonerousdutiesimposeduponme. nd, having made this appeal to your lordship in the name of Her Majesty's Government, it ismy duty to state distinctly that I shall not be able to give sich intelligeace to my superiors Osis absolutely necessary for them to be niasters of; that I shall fail to preserve the power whichl I have (unaided) seized'; and that I shall consequenrtlynot succeed in shield. iDg the troops from starvation without my demands be comipliedwith. If they be not, the dissolution of this armLy *adthe fate of Asia iinor will inevitably follow, and a golden opportunity be lost.22 -Thv immediate cause of this urg,ent appeal seers to have been the circumstance allvded to in the following extract:- iCoNSUL BRANiT TO THE EOPL o CLXP.YmDo°-. (Received December 30.) (Extract.) "E Erzeroum, Dec. 7, 184 "You will have perceived that Shukri Pasha, second in commAnd GO the new MuShir, Ismail Pasha, was prepared to thwart Colonel 'Williams ir his energetic exertions to save tle remnant of the Kars army from annihilation by sickness and famine, and to put it into a state of efficiency. "I have since been informed, from a source that I mnay depend on, that a plot has been got up amon the nor otmicers of the army to persuade his Exceencylsil Pasha, on his atrival, that colonel Williams's iterference is unauthorized and most preudicial; and to induce his Excellency to invite the colonel to an interview, in which he will be requested to produce his credentials from the Seraskier, and, in case sch are not shown, he will be told tht any further interference in the affiuirs of the army 'wil not be tolerated. I have warned the colonel of thlis plot."' The following three despatches indicate the very different estimate formeed by the Britishbassador at Constantinople, and the Foreign Secretary, of the valco of the proceedings of the Porte 3i response to the pressing demands of Colonel Wifliams - ";LO=> Sr BFoiRD DE. RKDCLFE TO 'IHE AIL OF CLAENuDow.-(Received December 30.) " (Extract.) "Constantinople, Dec. 14 1854. "It will be satisfactory to your Lordship to know that sote arent progress is maldng towards an improved state or tnings in what regards the Turkdsh srmy at Kars. " An intention had been entertained of sending Mustafa Pasha, the Mushir commanding at Batoum, to take provisionally the chief command in place of Ismail Pasha, who is destined to command the army of the Danabe during Onar Pasha?s absence in the Crimea; but Vassif Pasha, late Commander-in-Chief of the Arabian corps d?ai-mze, being at liberty, it is intended to employ him for that putpose. " He will be instracted to attend to the advice offered to himi by Colonel WViliams, and he 'w.ll be also empowered to remove, if necessary, Shukri and Hussein 1ashas, of whom the colonel has had occasion to complain. Letters of reprimnand have been already addressed to those officers, at the same time that letters of approbation have been sent to Keriin and Hafiz Pashas, according to my application, founded on the request of Colonel Williams. "Colonel Williams's diploma as Ferik is in prepa:.a tion." "TEE EARL OF CrAIENDON TO LORD STRATFOR DE REDCLIrr. - " Foreign-office, Jan. 1, 1855. "My Lord,-With reference to what your Excellency reports in your despatch of the 14th of December, respecting the progress of measures for amelioratinm the state of the army at Kars, I have to express to your 1celleucy the hope of tier Maj esty's Government that Vassif Pasha isfit for the post of Commander-in-Chief, to which heis to beappointed, and that this has been ascertained by your ordship, as the object of Her Majesty's Government is to obtain an efficient cornmander, and not simply a change of generals. "As no result whatever has yet ensued from the repeated and urgent remonstrauces of Her Majestys Governmnent, andasthe improvement,such as it is, inthe stateof the aTrnyatKarsis solely daetothe exertions of General`Williams, I have -requested 1E lthusuans to convey to the Porte the dissatisfaction of ller Majesty's Government. "The rank of.Ferik is necessary for securing to General Williams the authority and respect required for the per-; formance of his arduous duties; and in your despatch of the 15th of November, your Excellency reported that your application for that rank had been acceded to by Beschid Pacha; yetyourExcellencyvwrites,in your despatch of the 14th of December, that the diploma for Colonel Wiilliims as Ferik is in preparation; and this unfortunately shows that the wishes of HerMaJesty's Government and the interests of the Sultan are alike disregarded by the Turkish Ministers. "Ismam, &c., CC CLIAENDON." "P.S.-Your Excellency will report to me the cause of the delay in issuing this frran.". "THE EArm oF Ci N-DoN TO LoRn STP.4'rmon in -Rxncras. "Foreign-office, Jan. 6, 1855. Isty Lord,-TBrigadier-Geueral Williams has transmitted to me a copy of the despatch which he addressed to your Excellency' on the 5th of December, recapitulating the vgsious communicationswhich he has at differenttimes made to you on the state of the Turkish army in Asia, and of which it would seem that your Excellency bas not takenany notice to Brigadier-General Williams. "Hier MEajesty's Governmer)t desire to receive your Excellencys observations upon the despatch of General Williams, which I need hardly say has been read by them with great regret, after the anxiety they have felt, and the remon- strances which they have in vain addregsed through your Excellency to the Porte, respecting the unfortunate army at Kars, "Such is the conduct of Shul;i Pasha, the man just sent from Constantinople to take the commaud at Kars, and who, if he had not positive instructions to treat General Williams with contempt, can havelhad none to show him rSpeAt, although your Excellency announced on the l5th of Novemnber last that he avas to have the rank of Ferik in the Turlish service. "But Her Majesty's Govermnenb.will no longer endure to ba tried 'with, andthey are determined that if the Turkdsh Government still persist in treacherously disregarding the Sultau's interests, the liurkish officers isal, at all events, nOt insult the Queen's Comamissioner; and your hExellency is instrncted to demand the immnediate dism;33salof theinerson who gave orders that General Willi should be us u r becomiBngly addressQe d. -"Your Exceellency ll also transmit to ime &copy of your apphiction to the Turkish Government for the official recogtionVof General Williasmzwhes he -went to Ers, and of' the answer which you received; ad you .vill also demand,if you have not yet got it, a copy of the instruction thlat was sent by the Porte. "Your E3xcellencywill understand that Her Majesty's Government reqUire to he furnished with a full and detailed report- of -everything which has passed betwteen Her Majesty's Embassy and the P-orte respecting the arm at Kars in compdiance with the instructions that So freqaently, but ia vain, have been addressed to your Excellency. i - <l"aln,&c-.- "CLABanSnO'r t\YsAi.}-Xew adWion ot " Bn.,da 'peerae'Vow"dPA. Sl vol., with I,'M engravian of rms, "The PeeraZe s.IDZ Baoetage of the British. EnpireM" for 1856 - by Sir Bernard Zurka. UIster ofno .As.. iTew edition, corrcteA to Xao* frOm the per-oua- -nuications of the nobiitj. J;c,. TIFem OM40e Mdlie the rmeet ODRivauent wrok of tbe klind ever given to tbhe pa'buie,"-4'in."Tebtgenealo iaand hesdic dkctins fthe p*ra(O and blroiOetage, and the iast authority on al questions affect- 5 the arisorv 4'!Dbe. Hfurat and Binacett. IubliAlers (auc- C5 & ryCOkb#WOM(raMrlooii-sre iitbha * The eight !Kr*z?aph was uQt read to tbo P.bme.
TTCN BLOKADX T 2REB ALIC.-T1 Captain Watson's advanc. squadron leftc -Kiel oni the 5thinst., and were 6offMoen Head on the follow-' ing morniDg; but, as the wind blew hrd from the east, Captain Watson determined on -not wadting coal by forcing the squadron gaginst it.- Eer Majesty's ihip Pylades, 21, Captain D'Eiyncourt; Sampson, 6, Captain hand ; Falcon, 17, Conmmnder Pollen ; and Hanier, 17, CommanderDerrnian, }bad anchored tnder Moen Xe&d the niight~before,i andwere compelled to get under waywhen the wid shifted. On the Imperieuse, 51, Captain Watson, C.B., meeting these ships, they aRl steamed to the northward, and anchored north-west of FaIsterbo Lighthouse, where they remained until the wind abated, which it did in about three hours after they anchored, when they aUl left, and, steering to -thee eastward, passed Bornholme on Friday. morniing, reached the south end of Oeland aboult noon, off which they passed through immense fields of loose ice; continuing on, they pased the south end of. Gothland at midnight, arrived at Faro on Saturday morning at 9, and found the inner harbour completely frozen over, and great quantities of loose ioe in the Outer. On the 12th the Euryalus, 51, Captain Rtamsay, C.B., joined them, last fromlKiel; she arrived in a snowstorm, and anchored near the 1InpErieuse, and only about 200 yards from her Captain Farsay w^as nearly half an hour in cutting hia way through the ice in one of his boats to report his arrival. The squadron would weigh iu a day or two, and cruise furt+her...
IBELAND. THE SADLEM FR&TIDS.- (fRom T o'w- ; Rw 1 D1BLIY. WDXMSDAY MORNIa. Ulhe appointment of the official manager to wind up the affairs of the bankrupt bank has, as a matter. of course, cut short a harvest of actions which had already attained thepreliminary stage in the commaon law courts. No less than I(00 of such cases hAve been thus swept away, and the litigant' claims referred to thejurisdiction of Mr. George M'DoweIl and his legal staff. The following discussion in the case of the "Rev. Thomas Blake v. Wilson Kennedy," the publicofficer of the Clonmel branch of the Tipperary Bank, took place yesterday in chambers, before Cief Justice Monauahan - " Mr. Smith said he appeared for the defendant, who, WAS the public officer of theabove bank, in this and eight other actions. The notices were iuoveablo on the last chamber day, and had been directed by Baron Richards to stand over until now. On the preceding day the official manager was appointed- highly-re actable gentleman-Mr. M'Dowell, who was now present. esars. Morrogh and Kennedy had, consequently, nothing further to do with the proceeding, and he (hfr. Smith) suggested that tne most convenient course would be to let the present motion stand over until next hiday week, wvith a view to their assuming the fonn of motions to staythe proceedings. 'Chief Justice .Monahan.-Do you move anythingl7 "Mfr. Smith said that in the case of 'Blake -v. WIsone he wouldmove thata fortnight's futhertime,from the.Uth of March, be given for filing a defence. 'Mr. D. C. Heron said he appeared for the IBev. Mr. Blake, who was one of the depnsitors in the bank. At the time the winding-up petitioa was presented two writs were penading, and there were six other actions in which it was 3mpossible for judgment to have been marked before Saturday last, when the official manager was to be appointed. In all the other cases judgment could not bea marked until about the 28th of this month. In the case now before the Cout the time for. pleading would expire on the 22. "Chief J7ustice 3Monahan.-And they want a little more time toplead. Why should they not have it7 " Mfr. Heron said, that the official manager having been appointed, Mr. Xennedy was out of court, and the order 'which his Lordshipwas now called on tomake was, in point of fact, pronounced by 'the section of the act wlieh hrad been referred to. If the Court were to maJke the order sought in the case of 'Blake v. Kennedy' a similar one would have to be made in 126 otheractions against thebanlk, 'which woul0d involve costs to the amount of 400!. or 5004 The section of the act was a veto on the plaintiff proceedint with this motion. Mr. Lfeldon, the solicitor of the officia manager, had served a very proper notice, to whichhe (Mr. Heron) at once consented. "M ifr. Lawless stated that after the appointment of the official manager on the previous day Mr. Meldon, findiDg that an enormous number of actions had been commencedmore than 20 by one solicitor-served a notice on the -plaintiffs i those actions, requiring them. to sate to him in 'vriting on or before 12 o'clock that day whether they would, in pursuance of the act, suspend further proceedings until after they proved their debts before the Master, or ob. taidedhis leave to go on with their actions; and stating that, in the event of their not complying -with that notice, on submnitting'to him in writing their intention to do so, ha 'would apply to the judge in chmn'bers to stay further proceedings, and tHcharge them with the costs. He (Sir. Lawless) was not a'ware 'whether he had ived any answer to thatw notice or not.. "lr. 3feldon.-I havexeceived some. "Chief Justice onahan.-In point of fact, Mr. Smith's motions aOl fal to the ground. He does not object to that ? "lIr. Smith.-No, for our object hasbeen gained. "His lordship ordered the noticeto be struckout. "The officer of the Court stated that he had 46 notices. "Mr. Heron saidtherevwas one case in which the tinaefor ding had expired, and in 'which an affidavit had been. i i that he 'would apply for costs. 'Chief Justice Monahan.-I won't give costs to any one. If the Miaster finds that any of the costs here have been pro. perly incurred, he has jurisdiction to give themto the parties if they apply to him. If, on the other hand, he fimds that notices have been served'whichought notto havebeenserved, 'he will not give any costs. " After some further discussion, CH His Lordship said-Strike out al the notices on both sides. No rule on the motions. They are finally disposed of. " Mr. IAwless.-Will your Lordshlip order that the officil manager mav stay proceedings6 "Chief J3stice Monshan.-I cannot. His solicitor has served a notice on the plaintiffs, and they cannot take a step vithout answering it. "lr. Lawless.-They may mark judgment? "Chief Justice Monahau.-As to that, the not giving an answer to the notice, declining to comply with it, will amount to a virtual compliancewtith it; and if any plaintiff marks judgment in the teeth of that notice I i set his judgment aside with costs." The first step in relationto the affairs of the bank, consequent nlpon the appointment of the official manager, will be taken this day (Wednesday) by subjecting M1r. James Sadleir to an examination beforelMaster lurphy. The Masterhas resolved that this proceeding shall be private, and with this view it is to be conducted at his private residence. A Tipperary paper, referring to the appointment of the official manager, says,- " We have known 3Vr. !Io'well for many years, and can bear a willing testimony to his ability as a scholar and his courtesy as a gentleman, and we are much mistaken indeed if in his hlads the affairs of the bank willnot be examined with that promptitude, vigilance, and caution necessawy for so important an investigation, and in a manner calculated to afford satisfaction to the creditors and the public." It will be well if all those sanguine anticipations shall be fnlfilled. AEr. M'Dowell has no chiId's play before him. IEROViONs cOlThACT. Acwrding to the Cork Bzpmler, several of the Government contractors for the supply of beef and pork are in treaty for the disposal of their stocks to advantage on French account:- "The season has now closed. The frivolous ana vexatious rejecting, unparlleled and unprecedented, 'bythe authorities at Haul'bowhlne, throuzgh the instromenalty of the controllers of victualling, leave them no other alternative. We -recomnmend themto doasintimated,knoionvg howithey have been treated, and leave the Governmzent their merited SttCcess with their German and American provisions" TIM SPlING ClOrS. A midla-nd paper has the following report of the state of the spring crops in that district :- EFrom al parts of the county we have received the most. gratifying inteligence of the progress of the spring crops. Thie 'weat crop, ti pbrticTi, promises a more luxuriant yield thana hasb~een witniessed here for several seasons; anl the appesarace of the other crops is equalliy cheerintg. The farmfers, too, eihibit a most creditable amount of care and foresight in carring oust their operations." DECThE OF CRIM5E f- N'OBHTi TIP3EUXiY. A letter from INeriagh dated last nig,ht says,- "Thte criminal husintess closed last night, and Barons GYreenieproceeded this morning for Templemore, en route for town The signHifcanttfact that tha Record Judge remains behind at once sutggests a strong contrast between thepresent and thie former condition of thle NZorth Riding of Tipperary; and twvo days has sufficed to dispose of a calendar w.hich only a few year3 ago wrould have presented a fearful array of crimae. Instead of 200 or 300 offenders, not more than20 camenbefore the Juidge of Assixe. After an interval of eight mouths there 'was not even one murder in the list andbuit two manslauighters, and it is a remarkable fact thiat not a solitary individual has been sentenced to transportation." : B~~UNDS. Three Per Cent. Console, 9l i; ditto, for accounit, April 8 92 New Thsree per Cent.Stock, for account, AprI8, 92%; iIidLand Great Western, 4.} per cent., of 200L., 98A;Hibernian Bankl (251. paid), 31'?;- Dublin and Iiverpool S3teamship-building Company {50!.), 44;i ditto, HEalf shares (25!. paid), 2I4; Laclkamore Copper Minng Company (31. paid), 2s. iRailways.-Dublin and Belfast Junction (E5! paid), 42; Dub)lin and WYiclilow (10!. paid), 51 * Great ~Sonthera and Western (50!. paid), 52.l,; ditto I ighths, 6 per cent. preference (6!. 5s. paid), 7h; Zlidlland Great Western and Royal Canal (50!. paid), 49k; WVaterford and Limerick (50!. paid), 20i. Tani MLUrS.-Thvxnroo, March l9.-The Thiited. State," snail staship Attlantic sailed hence to-day for NRew Yorc 'wth a fair cargo, the mails, and 25i pasaeogers. Tho British and North Auserican mail steamship Asia, Lott eom. munder, 'will leave LI.verpool for Boston1 on Satulrday, when letters and newspaers 'w1l be received at the Post-offico up h 8 a.m., vdth la.h d till 9 a.m.} 3ad at the landing stage at~ 1Q a,m.
- .- -POLAND. .: . - dl- _ I We read in the, I20peoizdance Bedge the following letter, dated Warsaw, the 8th inst. "Our political eircleg are convinced that the remehablisih2ment of peace will be attended with highly beneficial eonseqisences to Poland. The Emperor Alexander is believedI to be aimted with the most benevolent intentions towards eur country. An expression, attributed to our new Viceroy; 71rince Gortschakoff, -which. has circulated for some days, b}asgiven rise to many comments. ' The Poles,' said the Prince, 'c an have no idea of what the Emperor intends doing for them very shortly.' Now, as Prince Gortschakoff spent a fortaight at St. Petersburg, on his way to Warsaw, we know him to be intimately initisted into the projects of the monarch, and it is even to be supposed that the Emperor submitted to his old experience the measures he means to adopt in favour of Poland. In the meintime, {he new lieutenant of the Emperor, who has occupied since yesterday, with his family, the ancient palace of the Kings -of Poland, does everything in his power to. ingratiast nimself with the people. He assisted at the concert given by the club of the merohants for the benefit of the poors sid frequents the houses of the Polish nobility. This evening he is to attend at a dramatic performance, in behalf of some charitable institation, at the palace of Countess Potocka.. During the day he visits the public schools, and has promised his specialprotectionto the school of fine arts,which has already produced several painteis of the highest ierit. It appears certain that important changes are about to take placein the ersonnd of the upper administration. One of the first dignitaries of the Idngdom to be superseded in his office is the chief director or Minister of the Interior and Rublic Worship-Lieutenant-General Wikinshi-who will probably be replaced by the, curator of the Academic Department of Warsaw, the Councillor of State, Mouchanoff. The latter, who is to preserve his present functions, has done himself great honour by the organization of the schools Of the country, but partioularly of the numerous professional and cormnercial schools established iv all the capitals of our provinces. 3M. Nfouchanoff is a man of profound learning and distinguished as an historian and an archzeologist. It is likewise contemplated to appoint the commander-in-chief of the Western army, General Sounsarokoff, to the post of military governor cf our capital vwhich has been hitherto occupied ad interinm by Generai Toutchek, Commander of Warsaw. Although peace is considered nearly certain, warlike preparationS have not been interrupted in our principal fortresses. A new fort, called rinuce Gortecbakotff is on the point of being terminated at Ivangorod, and twvo others are being constructed at Brestltefl. At Modlin and in the citadel of Warsaw, the greatest activity is displayed in manufacturing gunpowder and casting bullets."
THE MISSING STEAMER PACIFIC. *(FRrom the ZVew York, Herald of Mlarch 5.) The Baltic brings no tidings of the Pacific. It is now 42 days since she left Liverpool on her return to New York, bnd up to the present time nothing of a reliable character has been seen or heard of her. Although her painfully protracted absence is undoubtedly a serious cause for alarm in regard to her fate, still -we entertain strong hopes of seeing her again. The Atlantic, it will be remembered, was not heard of till 49 days after leaving England, and it may be still longer before any news of the safety of the Pacific can reach us. For three weeks, at least, we should not give her up. Various rumours are afloat concerning her, the most pro lbble of which is that her machinery is in a disabled condition, and that she is now slowly making her way under sail to the nearest port. Some are of opinion that while on the Banks of Newfoundland she was damaged by the' ice, and that she may still be surrounded by it and unable to e-xtricate herself. In such an event no apprehensions need be felt in regard to want of proviions, as she is furnished with supply for three months. She had4S passengers, of whom about la had taken passage in the first cabin, and the rest in the second cabin. The following is a correct list of r. Aug us Erving is United States' Secretary of Legation to St. Petersburg, and belongs to Hartford, Connecticut. He is accompanied by his wife. Mr. A. K. Carter was in England as the agent of Woodworth's planing and spoke-making machines, Newark, New Jersey. le Grand Smith is well known as a theatrical and musical-agent, and had gone to England to engage a. company of actors for Ir. Marshall, the lessee of the Broadway Theatre. Mr. Wilson is the agent of the rerry Arms Company, of Newark, New Jersey. Mr. Eidgway is one of the firm of Howland and Irving, owners of one of our lines of Liverpool packets. Mfr. E. K. Haight, the proprietor of the St. Nicholas Hotel, is also among the passengers. Mr. H. Dutilh is a brother of the well known impoxter of South Wiiam-street} and is a native of France. The Pacific's officers and crew numbered 141, all told. Their names are as follows - Thie inmurnce on the Paeifio is very large ;Ithe amaoumt on the ship is t600,000-half in theUrnited h'tates and half in Europe; the freight money is insured for $40,000. HEer cargo consLsted of 600 or 700 tons, valued at $1,5600,000; imost of this vas insred. The total insurance amounts to ever $2,000,000. _ ___-
UXIYERSITY INTEBLLIGEBE. OXFORD. hAIc}C 19. We are requested to state that Antony S. Aglen, who was elected on Saturday to a scholarship at University College, is not a pupil of Marlborough =rammar School, bat of Marlborough College. Mr, R. Broughton, who -was announced on the 18th as having been the successful candidate for the Hertford Scholarship, was formerly a pupi at Cheltenham College. Mr. Francis Alfred Hooper, scholar of Trinity College, who 'as named as the ".Proxime accessit," was educated at Zromsgrove School. T: LowDO1 GENui. Ommus Co3nArn.- Traffic Statement, week ending March 15.-Total mumber ef emnmbuses at work, 374; average number runni' daily throughout the week, 364; total receiptu, C,M1O. d & aYezP per oum2ibua 1or sRsha days, 171. 2e 4d.
--- . --- -I S Z -* . '?CARIPTA M PI lnRfflTrPI YOEIK BARCR 18. T'In CUo2WN Co R.foie Mr. Justice Wi.r anSZ a This mrning his Lrdship sat b rangement-for the trial oftheci BA}RAiTT V. MAISHALL. This was an action for a3ibel, to which the defendant pleaded a justification. - Mr. Serjeant:Wilkins, Mr. Hill, QC0., and Ma'. Addison appeared for the plaintiff ; and Mr. Knowles, Q.C., and fr. C easy for the defendant. The cause appeared to excite-considerable local interest, and the court throughout the day was crowded with attorneys of the district. It appeared from the opening statement of hMr. IILL, who, owing to the indispos[tion, of Mr. Serjeant Wilkins, stated the case, that the plaintiff is a highly respectable attorney at Leeds, and also deputy-coroner for the borough of leeds. The defendant, Mtr. Marshall, is the County Court 3udge of the Leeds disttict, before whom Mr. Barratt, the plaintiff; sometimnespractisesastan advocate. Itappearedthat as far back as 1861 Mr. Barratt had not beern on good terms with Mr. Marshall, and that the latter had " snubbed" and discourteously treated the plaintiff when practisingbefore h.m. It so happened that Mr. Barratt appeared as advocate in a case before the defendant sitting as judge of the County Court, inha plaint in which one Jackson was- plaintiff afid one Beaumont the defendant, Mr. Barratt appazin for the I defendant. The action was brought to recover 2WT, the value of some goods bought in- Manchester to ba sent to Leeds, and the question in dispute was whether the goods were bought out and out and sent by railway to the defend' ant in the plaint, or whether they-were only sent to him to sell on commission. I an the former case the delivery of the goods to the defendant in Leeds would give jurisdictioh to the leeds County Court.; in the latter, the contract being in Mfauchester would oust the jurisdiction of the Leeds County Court. Mr. Barratt objected that the judge on the hvidence had no jurisdiction to ty the ease; Mr. Marshall overruled the objection, and decided against the defendant in the plaint, and Mr. Barratt, on behalf of the defendant, sppea1ed to the Court of Exchequer from his decision, -netthat Couzt overruled his decision, and decided 'hat he had no jurisdiction to try the plaint, and issued a prohibition. In 'consequence of this decision Mir. Marshall wrote and published a pamphlet in the shape of 3 letter to Lord Broughanaz on County Courts, WJrits of Prohibition, &c.i and in that pamphlet the alleged libel was contained. At the 23d page of this pamphlet Mr. Marshall refers to the case tried before him in which Barratt appeared as advocate for the defendsnt, and which the Court of exchequer had prohibited him from proceeding to try Ion the ground that he had no jurisdiction. He there refers a.t len,.th to the facts of the case, contending that they ehowed fraud in the defendant in the plaint, and reflectin strongly on the mode in which Mr. Barratt had conducted his client's cause before him, and stating that 3Mr. Barratt must have known that his client's witnesses were not speaking the truth. In obtaining the writ of prohibition3Ir. Barratt and his witnesses made affidavits as to the facts and the objection to the jurisdiction. The pamphlet then went on to say,- " But, finis coronat opUs. Beaumont was afterwards sued I y Jackson for this balance of 271. in the Court of Exchequer. Here again the venue was objectionable to the defendant's attorney; he moved to change it from Yorkshire, but failed to do so, and to throw the plaintiff over the York Summer Assizes, and shortly afterwards Beaumont appeared in the Gazette, having made himself banklapt. The plaintiff likewise having been ruined by the litigation took the benefit of the Inso vent Act, and has 'scheduled' his attorney's bill at 2301. ! What the defendant's attomney's bill amounts to in the bankrupt's schedule I have no means at present of ascertaining, but between 400Z. aid 5001. must have been spent altogether in litigation in this cause. Such is the end of an action brought in the County Cout for 271.; and such the result of an objection takeen to the jurisdiction;of that Court on a mere question of venue I and the plaintiff and 15 or 20 other small clothiers have been deprived of their only chance of recovering their claims, by writs of prohibition granted on affidavits which I believe to be untrue." This was the libel complained of. To show that thepamphlet 'was not published bont jide as a criticism on pubhc events but with a malicious motive, itwas proved thatMr. Marshal on one occasion refused to adjourn a case because Mr. Barratt appeared as advocate for one of the parties and rayed an adjournment, except on ruinous terms. In I851 Hfr. Barratt was advocate in a plaint for the plaintiff, and after witnees had been called .or the defendant, Mr. Marshall said he would go to the jury at once on their evidence, and not call on Mr. =arratt to reply. M1r. Barratt said he would elect to be nonsuited rather. Mr. Marshall then said, 'Who ever heard of a plaintiff electing to be nonsuited while the jury are considering their verdict il Mr. Barratt said, " I have;" to which Mr. [Marshall replied, "No attorney who knows his profession could make such an observation." Mr. Barratv bowed and said, "I will appeal," and the Court of Common Pleas had decided that he was right in the course he had pursued. That had never heen forgiven by Mr. Marshall. In 1853 an action on a prornissory note was brought before Mr. Marshall, in which Mr. Barratt appeared for the defendant. The note was a jointnote, and had an attesting witness, whom it was at that time necessary by law to call to prove the note. Mr. Barratt was instructed on behalf of a surety jointly liable on the note, and objected that the attesting witness was not called, and the plaintiff had no witness to prove the note. Mr. Marshall, seeing a young mau speaking to IMr | arrett, saidto him, " Who is that, Sir?p"a M.BaN a " It is the defendant's son." Mr. Marshall.-- Swear him. Do you know your father's handwritinf?" Young Man.- " I do." hMr. Marshall.-" Is that his' (showing him the signature on the note) 7 Young man.-" It is." Mr. Marshall.-" Judgment for the plamntiff." Mr. MarshaU then ordered that Mr. Barratt's client should pay 11. a-month, while the other surety was ordered only to pay 1os. a- mnonth. As the young man was leaving the court, Mr. M.arshall called out, " Ealloa, young man; teU your father he may thank Mr. Barratt for having to pay 11. a-montb, 'While the other surety has only 10s. a-month to pay." On another occasion, when Mr. Barratt appeared before him as advocate, Mr. Marshall sent for Mr. Markland, the attorney and public prosecutor of Leeds, and directed him Vublicly "1 to take a note" while Mr. Barratt was conducting iscase.Thiscourseofconducttheplaintiffstatedhadserio siy injured hiis business in Leeds as an attorney practisin' in the County Court, and it was contended that the pamAlet was written in the same spirit, with a view to injure him in his profession. Before bringing the action Mr. Barratt Wrote to Mr. Marshall, requesting that he would retract tl:e spersionsin the Mpa et published about himself but 7far. IrshaI had briefly answered that he declined to do it. The plaintiff now sought to be indemnified, and to have his character set right, as he was dependent on his character for success in his profession. These various facts having been proved at great length l y calling the plaintiff and several other professional men, Mr. Serjeant WiKulns summed up, commenting in strong terms on the defendant not daring to go into the witness-boa to contradict the evidence, or to establish any justification for conduct which he described as tyrannical and nbeconlingin a judge. NOWxES then addressed the jury for the defence. He said Mr. Marshall had now filled the offlice of Coun:y Court judge for eight years, tryiDg 15,000 causes a-year, and had only had three of his decisions upset by a Court of Review. He contended that the plaintiff was put forwaid and backed by others banded together, who, with untiriDg malignity, for five years had been noting his decisions and demeanour, in order to inflict irretrievable injurv upon him 'y bringing his conduct before the Lord Chancellor. But for this consideration he should dismiss the allegations now vrought again,t his client with contempt. In 1851 they h ad found an opportunity of cavilling at his decision, and it was not tiU 1853, though watched and spied upon as he had been, that they had found another case. Then came a third case two years after that. Armed with these three cases, they had brought them before the Court as evidence of malice in the publication of the pamphlet. The subject of einage for five years, the plaintiff and those acting 'With iL had only been able to fish out these three miserable complaints against him. Few of the highest among the judges could say that in that time they had only made thre Mistakes. The learned counsel then went through the cases referred to in the pamphlet,- and contended that they were 60nes .ffde criticisms; and with regard to the imputation most complained of, that a writ of prohibition had been granted " on affidavits" which the defendant said " he beleved to be untrue," it was concluded that this passage referred to the affidavits of the witnesses, and not to that of MIr. Barratt. After concluding a very able speech for,thedefence, His Lop.DsnP proceeded to sum up the evidence, commenting on the law, and telling the jury ,that the publication must be malicious to constitute it a libel ; and that if they thought it a fair criticism of public transactions and of the mode of conducting business in County Courts, they must find for the defendant; if they thought otherwise, for the plaintiff. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff-Dairages, 40s. The case7occupied all day.
REOMP. tlTRrqTrTp KINGSTON. MARCR 19 CROWN COUBT.-4Bifore -r. juwgice COrEnnGE ) John Beauchamp, 30, described as a publican, was indicted for the wilful murder of his wife, Enuma Charlotte Beauchamp. The prisoner was charged by a coroner's inquisition with the ofence of manslaughter only. 31r. Robinson and Atr. Sumnerconductedtheprosecutionthe prisoner was defended by Mr. Ballantine and Mr Parry. From the opening statement of the learned counsel for the prosecution it appeared that the prisoner, who is well known as an expert cricket-player, kept a publichouse at Chertsey, called the Coffeehouse. He and his wife had been married about seven years, and they had two children; and it would seem that they lived very unhappily, on account of I the deceased being addicted to habits of intemperance, and that frequent quarrels took place between themn on that account. On the 1st of February the deceased went to visit her mother, at Guildford,. taking with her one child; and she returned home on Sunday, the 3d, b-iiging with her a child that had been stopping at lher mother's, and leaving the one she had taken with her in its place. It appeared that an arrangement had been made between the prisoner and his wife that they should go out to visit-aneighbour in the afternoon, and the prisoner went out alone about 3 o'clock, and returned soon afterwards for the purpose of fetching his wife. At this time there was nc& one m the house but the prisoner's child, x l ttle girl who acted as servant, and the deceased and lihirife. The latter was in the bedroom of a lodger, and it ajppeared that the prisoner went up to her there, when some httle altercation took place between them in the presence of the girl above mentioned. -The latter-wentdownstairs, anclalmost imnmediatelyafterwards she heard a scuffle in the bedroom, and the deceased exclaimed twice, "Don't, -don't!" and then all was quiet. Yery soon after this the deceased was found lying on the bed in an insensible state, and she continued in-that condition until 10 o'clock at night on the folowing Tuesday, when she died. Upon v. pot mnoerU exm iat5vn it was found that the deceased had received a severe blow under the left ear, and,on the oppositesideiof 'the head therib Vir' bruise, from which Itwasinferredthatshe hidbeen knock&--) down; these NuriesAiad,-aocording to the opinidn of t'he eon,-burst a blood-vessel, and occadoned an effusion of bloo^ npon the braia4 and tb_awas'the cause of death. '- Mary Anine Taylor said,2-I Iwas in the service -f i the:prisoner iandhis vifee. qhei prisoner kept the Coffee-l4oWoe Publichbeuseat Chertsey.' On Sunday, the 3d of FebruA±y, aw eberoo with y mistres heipngher to make the bsl,9 abouf3 o'clock i' theaifternoon. the' risoner had gene- out -'he returned shortly before 4 o'clock, and catne ,nto the B&Iroom where .1 and the deceased were. The deceased and I were talking when the prisoner came in, and be could hear what was said.-' My niistress was 'coma-. pl ining ibout some woman corning to the house, and she sali she *duld ot have her there, and if she did come she would go back to her mother's again. When the prisoner came into the bedroomha asked his wife?what she bad been doing all that time, and complained that she was not readyto go out. The deceased replied that she had been wrashing glasses in the bar, and the prisoner said that could not have tiken her so long. r then left the bedroom and went downstairs, and when I had got as far as the tapoom I heard'the deceaied call out, "Don't, don'tl" The taproom is under the bedroom. I went into the yard and returned to the taproom, and then I heard a scuflg nbise in the bedroom, where I had left the prisoner and the deceased. In a few- minuates the prisoner came downstairs, and he asked me and his child 'also if- we had either of us seen the deceased drink any spirits, and we both told bm we had not. I had not ieen the deceased drink any spirits that day; she appeared to me to be the same as usual, and not at al drunk, The prisoner then told me twice not to go into the room where the deceased was, and I wentinto mny own bedroom; while I wras there I heard a gurgling noise, wehich apparently was made by the deceased. The prisoner then went into the bedroom wvhere the deceased was, and he remained there until Mr. and Mrs. Breakspear, the persons who lodged in the house, came. home. I went to bed in my own room with the prisoner's chdd, who usually slept with me; and about 11 o'clock at night the deceased was carried into ny room by the prisoner aid Mfrs. Breakspear, when the child was taken away and the deceased ad upon my bed. She was perfectly insensible. I was told to watch her during the night. M1rs. Breakspear here asked the prisoner to send for a doctor, but he refused, and said, " Oh, no, she Will be better to-morrow." The deceased never spoke, but the gug noise continued in her throat. When I went down in the morning the prisoner asked me how his wife had been during the night, and I told bim that she had been insensible, also about the gurgling in the throat' Cross-examined.-The noise I heard in the room sppeaed to me like people fighting. It was not like the noise of a person falling from the bed. Amugvwithsomegininitwas found under my bed on-the Monday. T'he mug was one that was used by the deceased. The woman the deceased and Iwere talking about when the prisoner came in found the mug and the gin. Mrs. Breakspear, the person referred to, gave evidence of a similar kind with regard to the condition of the deceased *when she camne home. M1r. Withall, a chymist of Chertsey, proved that about 4 o'clock on Sunday afternoon the prisoner went to his shop anid askIed him to go and see his wife, and he accompanied him to his house for that purpose, He found the deceased Iyirg on the bed on her back in a state Qf perfect insensibility. Witness ordered hot-water bottles to be applied to her feet, and advised the prisoner tosend for a medical man. In cross-examination the witness said that the prisonerappeared veryvmuch concerned at the state his wife was in, and was very anxious that he should do what he could to relieve her. He had no authority to prescribe for her as he wan only a chymist, and he recommended him to send at once for a meical man. Mr. Sherlock, a surgeon, residing at Chertsey, said that he was sent for to attend upon the deceased on Monday evening, the 4th of February, and he snw her first about 8 o'clock. She was lying in bed on her back, perfectly insensible, and exhibited all the symptoms of some pressure on the brain. Her countenance was bloated; -her breath was stertorous, and any ordinary person would have sUDposed that she was in a deep sleep and suoring. e endeavoured to arouse her by shouting in her ear, but it had no effect. He then opened her eyes, and passed the candle before them; but the pupils did not at all dilate. e asked the prisoner if he could account for the condition of his wtife; and he said that he went out the previous afternoon about 3 o'clock and returned at 4, when he found his wife in bed insensible, and he said he had no doubt that she had got ata jar of brandy. He said there was nothing ele in the house but a little sherry that she could bave got at. Witness asked him what quantity of brandy he supposed she had taken, and he said he could not tell, because he kept no account how the brandy went. Witness bled the deceased, but, finding she became worse under the operation, he stopped the bleeding and then appled pounded ice to her head. He saw her again the same night, and she appeared in the same condition. As he was going away the prisoner said that cricketiag time was coming on, and it wasavery great nuisance tohim that his wife was constantly getting drunk. Witness told him that she was then so seriously ill that it was not worth his while to trouble himself hy thinking onthat matter, and he considered there was no chance of her recovery. The deceased continued in the same condition until her death, which took place about 10 o'clcck on Tuesday night, the 5th of February. On the Thursday followian he made a post 77ortem examination. The skld presentea a sallor and unhealthy appearance, common to persons addicted to habits of intemperance. lle observed bruise on the right temple, and another under the left ear, and there was also a number of bruises on both arms. There was arecentbruhisaonthe neck and one of the cheeks. Upon opening the head he discovered that there was an effosiop of blood corresponding with the bruise under. the left ear, one 6f the vessels was ruptured, and there was an extravasation of blood upon the brain, and this was undoubtedly the- cause ot death. In his opinion the braise under the ear was caused by a heavy blow from a fist, and the one upon the right temple had been occasioned by the deceased having fallen with great violence aganst some hard substance. The blow behind the ear must have been a very violent one, and if the deceased had fallen when she received it it would have accounted for the bruise on the right temple. He did not believe that the bruise on the temple could have been caused by a man's fist. Cross-examined.-The stomach of the deceased presented an unhealthy appearance. The liver and some of the other organs were considerably diseased, and presented all the appearances common in the case of persons addicted to drinking spirits. The rupture of the blood-vessel might have been occasioned by excitement without any external violence. The deceased died of apoplexy, and a person addicted to drink would be much more liL-ely to rapture aW bloodvassel in thehlea'd from excitement only than any other person would be. He had no doubt that the deceased was in the habit of drildkng spirits, and in consequence of her unhealthy state from that cause an ixnjury was much more likely to be serious than in an ordinary case.. Ile-examined.-He had no doubt in this case that the rep. ture of the blood-vessel was the consequence of external violence, and all the symptoms he observed were in accordance with that supposition. Mr. Arcot, another medical gentleman, gave evidence to the same effect. Two witnesses were then examined, who deposed to seeing the deceased at 3 o'clock on the Sunday afternoon, and they stated that, at that time, she appeared to be perfectly sober. Mr. W. H. Biddlecomb, a superintendent of the Surrey constabulary, deposed that, onthe 5th of February, he went to the PrisOner'S house and saw him there, and told him that he understood his wife was lying upstairs in an insensible state. The prisoner said she was, and witness asked him from what cause,when he replied, " from drink" The prisoner then went on to say that he had gone out for a walk on the Sunday afternoon, and his wife was to have got herself dressed while he was gone, for the purpose of accompanying him to sisit a neighbour to taste some elderwine. He said that when he returned he asked her why she had not got herself ready; -and she replied that she had been washing up glasses in the bar, andhe then saw that she Was in abeastly state of intoxication. Ee told her it was a shame for her to getso drunk,when she staggered back andsquatted down, and then she fell upon the bed; he thonght she was asleep, and he left her lying on the bed. Writness inquired of him why he had not sent for a doctor, and he sild the reason was that he had seen heri the same state bafore. This closed the case for the prosecution. Mr. BAigNWrE then made a most earnest and- able address to the jury on behalf of the prisoner, and contended that there was no positive evidence to contradict the statements that had been made by him with regard to the condition of the deceased and the orcumstances under which she came by her death. He said there could be no doubt that the nnhappy deceased was addioted to habits of intoxication, and he urged that, even supposing the jury should come to the corclusion that the b ow behind the ear and the one Epon the temple were the cause of her death, it was quite as hkely that she should have received thbse injuries from falling about while in a state of drunkenness as from any violence inflicted by the prisoner. Mr. Justice CoIMIDGm having sumamed up the whole of the evidence in the most caeful and impartial manner The jury, after a very short deliberation, found the prisoner Guilty of manslaughter. The learned JuDGE, in passing sentence, said that the Jury had come to the only conclusion it appeared to him they could have arrived at, in finding the prisoner gailty of manslaughter - and he was afraid from information that was lying before im that this was not the only occasion on which he had been guilty of brutal violence towards his unhappy wife. There was no doubt that she was given to habits of intemperance, but this was no excuse or palliation for the act he had committed, and he felt it his duty, under al the circumstances, to orderhim to be kept in penal servi- tudef or four years. Thomas James Q!uick, 15, and Charles Henry Quickg, 127. two notorious young thieves, whose case has been very recently reported, were found guilty of housebreak ing. They were sentencedto be imprisoned for a month in the House of Correction and to be once logged, and then to be sent to a reformatory school for five years. CiVIL SIDE, Mr. Baron Alderson has been engaged all day in trying comxon jury causes, none of which furnished any materials for a report.
VESTERN CIBRCUIT. EXETER. MARCH 18. TRTAL iT TfT CITY or ExSITER. Edwin Hyatt was indicted for that he, being in the employ of the Post-office, -did steal a; post letter. I Mr. Slade and Mr. Poulden were counsel for the prosecution, and Mr. Stone and Mr. Coleridge for the prisoner. The evidence against the prisoner was that of a person named Elliott, who had been in the post-office five weeks only, and he stated that on the 18th of January, when the prisoner was superintendent for the day, he had seen him go to the eounter where tho paid letters were deposited, and where it waa not his duty to go; that he tried several letters; he took np some of them, and opened a foreign letter, and took out a shiing. It happened that Br. Teesdale, the postmaster, happened to come into the post-oflice, and E lliott imomediatel mde an accuation against tfie pri- EaroZ ba-vng openc4 the letter. The prisoner mst in- dignatly denied h6Wfg6oied iter tt4, but sad he had fotuid be letter open;andidadtaken it*p to-report the-cir' o=itinco U Mr. T Ie eadded that he had- gone to the counter for the purpoeeof l-okijg over' the 'letters on account of Blliof ang frequ ntade.mistakes, and ho had thereforefeltWtW o-be liisdit t Ieep 'a iratch upon Elliott in ordertd o0rieftW --.: :: . -. : It was contended.forthe: prisoher: that: his account was c~orrect. ,- . . , - , ,, Several wivtnesse gave the-'rsoner an excellen't character, and thejury cLuitied]uni. h - -im Very great dissatisfaction has been caised by the fact of this case having bben taken'n the city before the. bounty prisoners were disposed. of whereby the -county jury were e tin-idleness for lf a-di,.q. -They-.!ay they are put to d siient inonvenience .stIioXIW beThg uiecessa4lly de-. tainsed.c t is said theeusui'rulr 'was departed from to oblige Mr. Peacock, the solicitor' to the Postoffice whose duts compielled hiri tprooeie-dto iomne other.ussiris The Corporation ofExeter ire extremely sensitie about having the city prisoners tried in the .uildhall, instead of their beiDg taken to the ountyhall '"This. ircumstance entails considerable inconvenience on all persons who are concerned in the administration of justice, and t.hereis onlyroomintleir.miserablelittle halLfor a very small number of persons actually engaged ia the busness of th:e assiz. THE' CouPsTYBusLrsxs. William Prie was indicted for stealing frofxl[er Majesty's ship Satellite, lyxng in Ranltoae on the .2d of MIarch, one brass screw, six brass nut6, and one brush, the property of Her Majesty. Mr. Seijeant Kinglake and Mr. Poulden, instructed by essrs. Eastlake, the solicitors for the Admiralty at Plymouth, attended to prosecute, but the prisoner pleaded "9Guilty." ipiomn,wt He was sentenced to four months imprisonment, with hard labour. NMsI PRUS COunT. 3r5IE V. BLAXE. Mr. Smith and Mr. Mfaynard Were counsel for the plaintiff; aud Mr. Collier and Mr. Xaislake for thle de. fendant. This was an action of replevin to recover a curt andhorse, valued at 15. The jury 3eturned a verdict for the plintiff-Damges, 4t. 4s.
NOPl;oT.x rflllTTr - MORTON V. CUPFE. WIe are requested, on the part of 'the plaintiff, to publish the following extract from the Bucks Hcrald, containing a fuller account of the s =umi g up of Mr. Justice Wightman, and of the questionsleftyyhim to the jury:.- - Mr. Justice WIGrnA?N, in sumnuug up, said that, whatever might be the opinion on the more important ground of the complaint-that the defendant had laid a false information before the mag,istrates-it was to be regretted that the comrlaint of the assault, which was only a legal assault, showud have been included in the same action.- Though no actual blow was struck, still it was X legal assault if the defendant held his whip over the plaintiff On this there was a direct contradiction, and it would be for them to judge between the evidence, and, if they believed an assault had been comraitted, to award such dauages as they deemed fit. But at the timae the plaintiff thought so little of the assaults now complained of, that he bad taken no steps even to obtain an apology. The plaintiff, they would recollect, did not claim damages for the abusive language, supposing such to have been used by the defendault. lTe object on the part of the plaintiff in showing that an ill feeling existed on the part of the defendant tovwards MXr. Morton was to prove the malice of Captain Cuffe in laying the information before the magistrates. The subject matter of the information depended very much on the viewthey took of the evidence of Mr. and Mrs. Cuffe, which was very similar to that of Mr. Morton. Be vould ask them, did they believe that M£r. Morton did use abusive language to Mr. Cuffe, and did he strike the horse of the defendant and challenge him' toflight! The witnesses on these points were totally at variance. He would also ask this question, was the defendant, when he prrferredthe inf'ormation, really'in fear of bodilyharm; and, if they thought he was not, then -was he influenced in preferring the information by malicious motive? It would not be sufficient to showv even that the inforination was false unlems they were also of opinion that there was some ill feeling, which was, in law, caled malice. If they found these facts in favour of the plaintiff, then they would say what damiages he was entitled to for this unfounded inf;rmation before the magistrates. Theywould also say, did the defendant assault the plaintiffin December, 155; and, if so, did he assault him once or twice; and if so,.what damages the latter was entitled to?5 The jury then retired, and, after an absence of nearly an hour, returned into court with answers to the qaestions left them. They found that the defendant had commited two separate assaults on theplaintiff, thatthe plaintiffdid notuse abusive language to thfe dant-hat the plaintiff didnot strike the defendant's horse and-say, "I Willstrik-e himand you too;" that theplaintiffthad notchallenged the defendant to fighttsaying, "Come on andsee who isthe bestman;" that, inthe opinion of the jury, thedefendant was not, whenhelaid theinformation, reellyin fearthafthe-plaintiffwould dohim harm, and that in preferring.the information the defendant was actuated by malicious motives. WVith reference to the assaults, they returned damages one'farthing; and as regarded the malicious prosecution, damages 501. The learned JUDGE directed the verdict to be entered for the plaintiff. adding, he gave it as his opinion, in case it should be necessary, that the defendant had no reasonable or probable cause for preferring the information before the magistrates, and certifing that thiswas a fit case to be tried by a special jury. Verdict for the plaintiff on all the issues.
-3flmTAND CICT. . DERBY, 3!ArCH 18. UlvIL ; SID.E-(eftTe LORD CIAanPRELL and aL Co)Ion Jury.) WYATT v. WYATT. Thiswas an action of ejectment by heir-at-law against devisee. E,fr. Bittleston, Mr. Bell, and MYr. Simnonds. appeared for the plaintiff; Mfr. Boden and Mfr. Beasley for the defendant. The plaintiff is a bricklayer, living at Xeasham, in this county, and the eldest brother of Joseph Wyatt, a builder I at.ietchurch, near Derby, w-ho died on Tuesday, the 24th of April last. He claimed, as heir-at-law, to recover the possssion of 14 houses, the property of the deceased; andthe defendant, the widow of Joseph, an old 'woman between 70 and 80, resisted that claim on the ground that her deceased husband had left a will, under which she was entitled to a life interest in all his roperty, real and personal. In support of the defendant's case, the defendant herself and William Land, a tenant of one of the houses, and an attesting witness of the will, were examined; andfrom their statement it appeared that on the .1th of May, 1852, the day on which the will bore date, the defendant had herself written, by her husband's direction, the body of the will, which began-" By the Grace of God, Amen," and contained several formal expressions, which she said she recollected from having frequently read an old will of a relation; and that after vriting it she put it in a drawer, and though she saw it once or twice afterwards, did not know when it was signed, nor had ever seen it after it had been signed before her husband's death. Land, however, proved the execution of it bythedeceasedin his (land's) house in August, 1853, in the presence of himnselif and Robert ~Alleatree, the oth~er attestmg witness, who was since dead. That upon the death of JosephWyatt, alter a short illness, defendant searchedfor a will, but did not succeed in finding one until a week after the death, when she found-the will in question in a basket among a number of loose papers; Land, who was away from home at the time of the death having, on the Saturday after, commnicated to her the fact that he had attestea the execution of a will. These witnesses were cross-examined as to statements made by them on the day of the funeral, the 29th of April, to the effect that there was no wilL They denied that they had said so; *at Land admitted that he nmiht have said to the plaintiff that he acknowledged him as his landlord, as no will had then been found. In addition to the evidence of these witnesses, a brother of Robert Aflestree was called, and he expressed his belief that the signature of Robert Allestree to the will was genuine. Some evidence was also given of declaratiens by the deceased thathe had made a will, giving his property to his wife for life. This case was met on the part of the plaintiff by proving several genuine signatures of Joseph Wyatt [and Robert Allestree, upon a comparison of which with the signatures to the will, it was contended that the instrument appeared not to be genuine. Fnrther than this, the plaintiff, his brothers, and ether witnesses deposed to statements made by the defendant and by land on the day of the funeral that there was no will, and subsequently that a will had been found, bat that it ws not witnessed; and alsoto statements made by the 'deceased shortly before his death that he had made no will, and that he intended his property to be divided among his brothers and sisters. One witness also, who had been solicitor to Robert Allestree, expressed his belief that the signature of that name to the will was not genuine, though an imitation of the genuine signature. Lord CAPBELL, in summing up, advised the jury to attend rather to the evidence of the witnesses than to a comparison of the handwriting - and in considering the case to bear in mind that they could not find for the plaintiff without convicting the defendant and Land of the offences of forgery and perjury, for which theey might, upon conviction, be transported for life. He saw no ground for maldng such a serous imputation aganst them. The story which they told seemed to him highly probable ;and the statements w.hich theywere said to have made about their being no will were fully explained by the circumstance that at that time no will had been found.I At the conclusion of his Lordship's address, the jury said that they were satisfed, and at once, without exaiining the documents, found a verdict for the defendant. MARcH 19. (Before Lord CQimPnxrm and Specia Jurics.) -.EGMIN V. PEG&. This was an indictment for an encroachment upon a highway. .51r. Mellor, Q.O., and Mr. Balgny were counsel for the Crown; Mr. Serjeant Hayes and Mr. Beaslev for the defendant. The defendant in this case was a poor man who, a;pwards of 40 years ago, had.enclosed. a bit of land by the side of a road, set out under an old enclosure act, in the v.rishl of Littleover, in this county; and who, having used the land as a garden for many years, had aabotb cottage thereon. The width of therodsillfwaabv 30 feet; but the act of Tarliament required the Enclosure Commissioners to set i; out 60 feet wide; and a plan was produced on the part of the prosecation to show that the commissioners had actually dore so. Formerly it was a mere grass road; but evidence was given of the'use of the whole width between the ancient febee Thecasewasfirsttriedat the last a6sizes,when avrdct was found forthe defendant.; but,newtrial had since been ordered, on the ground that t edjudge on ccasion misdirecte the jury as *-the effect of thact-ef Parliament. Lord CAWxPPEML 310 aa We he ely -vestion rlly Wag% whether the defendant had encroached upon any part of the road whic-h bad been. actLout by- the conmisajonera,, becas~ue the p'ublic -wa entit-led -to use the, whole. width, and rio leri.th of occupation by' the defenidant could interfere .it tht public right - lhe ury fouind a verdict for the Cro DODSON V. MMUTMH4-. This was an attion'fora malicious prosecutionv Km?r. Mellor, Q.C., and' Mr. Flowers were couslm1 for't plaintiff Mr. Serieant ayes and Mr W. orB Ads for the defendant.- The plantiff is a potato-dealer at East Bridgford, in Not- tinghiure, and the 'defendant a- young gentleman of_ fortune in the sam'e rneihbourlioed. On the 22d of Decemher last, accosding to theplaintiff's evidexce, he went oat in the afternoon at half-past2; in company with two others, to see if he could shoot a few wild ducks at the Trent side, and that, while he wasin'a meadow -by the riverside, 'he saw the defendant and his keeper. Ee asked the defendant what sport hIehadhad? to which the defendant replied that he was not likely to get much sport when such fellows as the plaintiff came down there every night. The plainitiff assured hiim that he was mistaken, and that he had oDly comie to shoot wild ducks. The defendant, however,. said he would cure him of duck Aiooting, f-or he would charge him with night poaching. In a day or two afterwards he did. rak-e that charge against the plaintiff and three other persons, upon which a warrant was issued, and the plaintiff -a others were taken before the magistrates at ;-Bingham, who, after hearing the evidence,, dismissed the . c.harge. fter the hearing, the defendant said totheplain- tiff, "J1am glad you got off I never thought youwere poaching" -Jt appeared that there was a wood. upon the SIO eofn4oluineld,whichbelonged to thec4efeudant's ;andoneof the-witnesses said thathehad seen rabbits there, but he-was not aware that there-was any game. Mr. Serjeant HAyEs contended that there was reasonable and probable cause for the charge, and at all events an entire absence of malice. Lord CALMIBELL, in summhing up, observed, that the gLame la'ws were often made tho subject of unmerited compaint; but they could not be suffered to exist at all if they were to be perverted to Puxposes of personal feeling, and to be made the foundation of chasges of a reclRess and unwarrantable kind. Eetolithe jury that if they believed the facts, which, indeed, were not disputed, there was not, in his opinion, any reasonable and probable cause for the charge made bythe deSendant; and the auestionfor them was whiether the defendant had not acted umaliciously in the course which he had pursued, and wrhat amonnt of damages the plaintiff ought to receive. The jury found; for the plaintif,-Damuages.5.
POLIC.. .. MLA?sIOS03IOUSF.-James Alcott, a person of respectable apperance and address, who resides in the neighbourhood OI Jishopsgate-st.eet was chargedasfolowss:- Mlfrs. Alcott said,-Yesterday evening sny husband was much intoxicated, and he went out and brought a dagger homerwith himL (Hlere the officer produced a veryformidable weapon, as-large as a carving-inife.) He called me from the 'oom in which I had been working into the kitchen, and asked me if it was my intention that my son should give him a sound thrashing wEen he came home. I saidmysonwouldbeverymuch to blame if hedidnot. HIe thenturned round, showved me the dagger, and said-that it would do for my son. I then left the kitchen and retu.ned to my work. After that he called me -out again, and said he wanted me. WhenIlwent to himintlle kitchen he said, "There will be a row." I said "I intend there shall be. There shall be an alteration in the morning." He then said, "'Perhaps you'will-not be alive in the morning." After that threat he -went into the parlour, took a poker, and smashed the looking-glasses and part of the furniiture. ' I then ran upstairs and called for a policeman and gave him incharge. The Defendant.-She has greatly exaggerated. I never told her that I intendedto do her any misclief, and I never had any intention of the kind. The Complainant.-I never wished to do you any injury; but you certanly meant to do me some. - The Defendant.-The fact is, my Lord, that there is a reason able jealousy upon my part.' Aldermxan WIREB.-What, a jealousy between two people of your advanced tine of life p The Defendant.-I don't like the visits she receives from a young man. I feel uncomfortable about the business. Alderman WW -Why, you don't say that you are jealous of this old lady A Voicein the crowd.-They are only united in the bonds of wedlockfive weeks, my Lord. The Policeman-I went to the house at about S o'clock, and when I got there the defendant was locked in a room. He made motions to me that he had something in his hand. Somebody said it was a pistol, but I took this dagger from him. I saw that the mirrors and the furniture were smashed. The defendant was in a "muddled" state, and seemed to be jealous. Alderman 'Win ordered the defendant to find two sureties in 50. each, and to enter into his own recognizances to the amount of 100l. to keep the peace. George Miller, the driver of a waggon, was brought up on a very melancholy occasion. On Tuesday evening, at a little before 6, Mr. O_ridge, of Cambridge, a highly-respected gentleman, the uncle of MIr. Robert Orridge, of the English bar, in pasising across Gracechurch-street, dropped his stick, and in stooping for it fellfromthe kerbstone at the mom ent a coal waggon, driven by the defendant, was going along. The hind wheel passed over the nfortunate gentleman's neck, and kldled him on the spot. The defendant was not at all in fault, but was held to bail. GunmAL.-Johl Phillp Perrin, a foreman in the service of Messrs. Homan, boot and shoe makers,} of 25 Skinner-street, and WiMliam Duprey, a young man in the same service, were charged-the former vith robbing his employers, aud the latter with assisting him in disposing of the stolen p;operty. The prisoners were committed for tril WVIliban Frenob, a known itief, and Thomas Jones were charged -with committing amost impudent robbery in Fleetstreet. George I'uddy, a bootmaker, of 17, Panton-street, Haymarket, mid he was yesterday walking npFee'tstreet, about 2 o'clock in the day, when he saw a mob of people and two :aen apparently fighting. The prisoner French was standing by his side, but he suddenly brushed passed him and joined in the sham fight. Suddenly he mnissed his silver watch, and saw a seal and the bow of the watch hanging to the guard. He turned round and saw French walking away with one of the men that had been fighting. He followed them, -but French, observ it, passed something to his companion. He seized him by the collar, and he directly said " I hSve not got your watch ; there is the man that has got your watch runnng up that street," pointingtoShoe-lane. He look-ed and saw Jones running up Shoe-lane as fast as he could. He said to French, "Ilbelieve you to be the thief, and I shall hold you*" Apoliceman came up, and he gave him into cuody. Police-constable 53 said when he took Erench into custody he gave his address 4, George-street, St. Giles's, and that was a lodging-house for youn" thieves, situated at the back of the station-house of the E division; but he was not known there by that naine. - Police-constable 316 saw the prisoner Jones running towards him yesterday afternoon, in Few-street-hill, but before hecould get tohimnagentleman had stoppedhin, and stated that Jones had thrown a watch ov-er the walL An apprentice of Mr. Spottiswoode said the watch produced was thrown over the waU into the yardi where he was playing. He picked it up, and gave it to the police. The prisoners were remanded, and a smnmons directed to compel the attendance of the vitness who saw the watch thrown away. Bow-smncr.-The clerk to the Senate of the London tUniveriaty, Mr. Henry Moore, waited upon Mr. JBAnDzE, ina consequence of a comnmunication from his worship, to ive his opinion of the gemnuneness of a document purporting to be a certificate or diploma of the Iniversity.. Trhis instrument, which wras yery carefuUy wvritten on parchment, and professed to confer te degree of ALD. on "'the Count Gustvus Paul Charles de Beaufort," was presented at this court on the previous day by a well-dressed foreigner, accompanied by an interpreter. The foreigner, in the presence of the officers, wrote the name "IC. Nelson" to a memorandun to the effect that the signatures to the body of the certificate were genuine, and his purpose was to have this declaration countersigned by the magistrate. The form of the instrument, however, excited suspicion, and it was detained until inquiries couldobe made. r. Moore, on seeing the " diploma," said it did not in any way resemble the genuine diplomas of the University, nor wrere any of the names atached to it those of olficers of te University or of persons in any wyknown to him. The genuine diplomas were signed by the CJhancellor. r.W JAnDINE observed that the document bore marks of falsehood on the face of it, but stiiU he had no doubt that if his signature and the seal of the court could have been obtained it might have been made use of abroad, -where it would pass for a real Englisfi diploma. ' The Count Gustavus Paul Charles de Beaufort" did not, of course, return to claim his " diploma," which stil lies in the hands of the clerlk XAXLBOrEOUGH-STREEr.-[r. lendall, corntutter, lRegent-street, was snummoned before Mr. Bi-sGiu for assaulting Yr. Bernard, another corncutter, in llegentstreet. Mr. Sleigh-appeared for the,complainant; Mr. Lewis for t;he defendant. itr. Sleigh, having stated the case, said it ws his intention, on account of the serious character of the assault, to ask the magistrate to send the case to the sessions. M{. BnNGHA. asked Mr. lews if that course had his ap-provaL fr. Lewis wishedthe casetobe disposed of summarily. Mr. Bernard said he was a chiropodist, in Regent-street, livingashortdistance from Mr. Xendall, a stranger, and carrying on the samebusiness. Each had a large brass plate indicatin,g isname and occupation. On Taesday the defendantcametohishousearmedwitha wbi, and after a short parley seized him by the hair of his head, tore out some of his hair, and struck hi m repeatedly over thehead and body with the whlip. Aperson by wvhom the defendant wVas accompanied preventedl his wife coming to his assistance. His hand-was cut by the whip, and his 'wife, in attempting to assist him, was 'dogged -nmercifully. The person who came with-the defendant had called at his house the same day, previous to the assult. Knew of no cause for the assault. Uross-examined.--The defendant was a corn-cutter, inthe Quadrant, before he set up business there. Persons sometimes called at his house, mistaldn; it for the defendant's, and he had invited them upstairs into his consulting room. A person, called at his house yesterday and mquire for the defendant, and hereplied, but i an oth, that -the scam did not live there. Had also told peonle that _Vr. Rendall had gone to Sootland. There was another Mr. BRendaUinthe street (not defendant)whohadgoneto Scotland. The offensive remarkstopersonswho called weremeautforthe Mr. Rendall -who had gone to Scotland. Vhen the defendant ealled he said, " Whtere is thlat scoundrel' and -then, }nocldg his wife on one side, be rushed upstairs to get at him, He was nearly tunned by the violence he rwas subjected to, and he had not reliated on the defenda.t. BHe would swear tit it was* the butt end - of the whip-witlh w dch he was struck. * ould swear that hea nd did not,get the defendant down ulpon the gr bWabour him soundly. - Bernard provedthat more than one visit her husband's house Dlthe day of the aalt. On occason the defendant and another person came hous, and the defendant violently asultel her. with a whip.- She-wa maltreated in her endezvu tect her husband. Cross-examined.-Iid not see IerI husband cic fendant; but all three rolled down stairstogether. Mr. Iorgan, surgeon,- e'xnaiined the complain found seieral bruises, and aaeriotsin'ternil ,iny inhis opinion, were caused by,receiit violence. was also Iemiy much injured, andier nervou syte ceiveda senous shock. The. bruises wire done butt end rather than the smal endaf whip.: Tfe servant said-she saw theas6aalt, b did.:o defendani'down- but hir -mate&r and iistresw the defendant was fiforgi'g Them with a whip, Mr. Lewvis sadnt es ases there iva's ways allexaggeration. It wa6, mnsfaci'bt, nt'e of the accurncy of the old adagi of two of ati parties lived near each other, ing on the sane b and hs occavioned frequent mistes on the customers which led -tothe subsequentevents. ' I On behalf of-the defendant, :r. Gowan, surgeon, found an injury of the lg onexamninng the vhich inury had appaently proceeded from & kick. A witnessproved that when he eledon r.B asked forWIr.edall, the reply was No -Eucb scoundrel lived there." He went ththne defendan Bernard's house for an explanation. He saar-Mr. cick at 3r. Endall, and tnen Mr. Rendallt painant with Thellh of the whip, notte butt did not see-Xr. sernardustric; but saw Mr. Bern Mr. BlNduAG thonght that the defendant had ceivedwitha kick, and had irtatled byviji thii too severe horsewhipping.- - The cae ws sent to the sesions. Wzs- JSM L-3arnes Chitty, a ticket-of-leai and Thomas Hopkins were brought up for final e tion, charged vith a daringburglay at The residen Gibbons, gpecial pleader, 23, Bes3borough-gardens, and Emma Cooke was placed by their side,charj being concerned in the transaction- The ciostafces of the case, asdetiled in thee are briefly these :-At half-past-10ori the night of Inst. Sarah Hatfield, one of the prosecutor's servan to the various fastenings, including theback dow, which is secure&with a ring,.audsawthat ll safe before the family retired to bed. Between $'clockon the following morning Mr. Gibbons by the police rapping at his bedroom door, and down stais discovered that his house had been into. The thieves appeared to have at first.a.e effect an entrance by the back kit6hen vindow, h break-ing a pame oftla6 found it ws; Beured witli *witlbn They thenemnoved a ladder from soiem buildings seven doors off, and, placing it ¶jnst parlour window, forced the sash up wit, a' until they broke the Ecrews whici secured fastening, and then obtained an entrance to Property was found strewn about, and a-iwr belonging to Mr. Gibbons, and a tea-cadd discovered in the yard at the back.the broken open and rifled of their contents, con sovereigns, a W.-note, a shilling, a pen cilcase, other artiles,a and soeThe seras and shawl were carried os. At about2inthe the three prisoners had been observed by police Piper, 184 B, loitering about the neighbourhood. first disappeared, next Chitty, and The woman wa alone. Piper, whose suspicions were aroused, cated them to Seajeant Carter, 19 B, and another named Yarrell, and they were on the alert. At after 4 Chitty and Hopkins -were seen to hun hoarding which encloses some unfinisAed ho three doors from Mr. Gibbons's, and the police diately gave them chase. Carter and Piper secured and the former having left to asist Farrell, Chltty way to the station, took a life-preserver from his -o struck Piper five or six blows on the head with Z latter, who bled profsely from the wounds, cried-'' 'when Chitty forced his hand over his mouth to.pre giving any further alarm, but assistance ca I offender was flnally lodged in the stetion. Farl kowins, mi desire toescape, lumped over IWi ibank,wwithhabundleinhisrhand, mbntheTli was secureda fewminutes afterwardswluileconceW a waggon at a coal-wharf,andthebundle, which-wa' belonging to one of Hr. Gibbones servants,wasfounai spot, together with a "jemmy"' which fitted the n the window-sash and other housebreaking impleme half-sovereips and one shilling were found npon l and a pencilcase and other articleslfromtbedesk the par iing of shoes and one goloeb, on The latter's left hand was cut, and there were n blood onthe ladder by whichthey ascended tof parlourwindow, in the apartmnents, and on desk and papers it tontained. The evidence a female prisoner didmot bring her ererthe premi 50 yards. She was next seen going frther awal them, when her male companions were misse, ami moment the robbery was being committed was a of a mile away from the place. She was stated t person cohabiting with Hopkis. Mr. ANoLD) observed t t she Tight have kno was about to take place, but there was no evidence that she was an accessory, and he mu therefore di 'her.. The other prisoners, who declined sayng anvhix fully committed for triaL- The depositions having been- completed agains Amos, who- stod ebirged with a murderous assam Charles Walsh, a policeman, at Chelsea, who appr him while comnnitting a felon:k- the particulars ol have been full detailed, the accused hasbeenforna mitted for tral - - WolIsaP-sTREM.-oseph Hopldns and John were brought up for fial eaination, charged wit~ glary in the house of a silk- anfacturer nlamed lh in Spital-square, Bishopagate. Tdhe-prisoners now reserved Their defence, and, tis sitionshnaving been taken, they were both fully cor to Newgate for trial.' The magistrate acknowIedged his receipt oE 2 "M Z.," to be equalI divided between two illuse named Hancock and Lander, and 5s. from," 31 lady) for the poorbox. CLMtR-T h-The sitting xuagistrate reque reporter to acknowledge the receipt of the second 10.-note from " H T. S." TnAxS.-Charles ,-Gant ana William lymn 'were i*ougbt before Hr. INGHAM charged with property Of the value of lSC. from the shop and L of Hr. }lenry Fayle, tailor, general outfitter, and housekreeper, of No. i, P.-ovidence-place, OGntigno Shipping-officeein the Com3mercial-road East. lAr. INGns committed them for trial. A donation of 5s. froM " H. I I" has been for the poor-box fund, and a notice of its arrival quested to be made in The Times. LAmBrEM-lucy Constable, the young woman been in custody for upsward's of a fortnig"ht, on a vifully mainmiig herself and inflictig a wound o hand ani throat was placed at the bar before Mr. for final examination. The circumstanoes relating to the prisonerI culpable and suspicious conduct are too fresh in tJ recollection to require repetition; but it is bo they will lead to families being particular resoe character of those persons whont eytake into the as it has been frequently found, as in the present the vast majority of the robberies that are commi been effected by the connivance or gross naegligen vants. It Ws the opinion of the police that tb knew inuch more of the young man whom she. into her master's house, and left alone in the pal she was dressing herself to walk outkith-him, an. friend who had accompanied him to the bouse preceding Sunday evenings, than she chose to con in proof of this, they were not able to. ob her any description of the paities; on tte,she seemed reluctant to- enter intdtl-. - of the robbers, and every description she ga youmg men wiaely differed. She has not, howeve from the afrair without considerable suffe,rrg wasquite clearthat she had inlicted,a deeper wOn throat than she had intended, foi the medicel e hospital at first considered it dangeraim and were that had there been but the silghtestadditional pr the knife at the commnencement of the wound her would have been very doubtful. Sergeant Coppin, who hadji(o case inband tendanoe, and uiformned Hr.' Elliott that he hadT evidence to ofera isttheprisonerana: e w discharged. The prisoner, who seemed delightedfat being liberty, hurried outJF the dock and joinedherfr ,were present fog -tbe purpose oftaking her bae bridge-wella.--- The remaining balf-of ^ lQ^.-note for the p been received from "H E,. S' . -
SmcwE wRoi A Ho1sjgop.-On Tue-+ Bedford held an inquest in the Chaxing-crosa g ;xancois Honorek a _renchman, aged 34, late h Eamnerer's Restaurant, 37, Cranbourn-strec Wood, vwaiter at the restaurant, said he had noti ceased had been a little ho3Iy lsty. '-l was situated at the top of the house, and day night the deceased was engaged: ther avocation, and seemea -in a comp state About half-past 1 he sent thewitness dowu for t beer. Wltness, upon reaching the basement stor a crowd outside the entrauce in St. Martin's-c 'upon going out, he found the deceased lying on ment, bleeding, and in an insensible state. Otbc was gven, showing clearly that the deccased hadc suicide by throwirg himself from the top of the young woman, to whom the deceased was engaged bad been'e - nTwrncloly of late, in consequence, VeeiAoBd. bejug uade the lkghinpdtek of * meetics, Yerdiot-" Temporary insanity."
PEN WJS3T INDIA AND PACIFICIMAILS. ' SOTHAOTTh, Mac 19. BytheRoyal.Mail Company's steamship Tbne, aptainValler, with the West India and Pacific miss we have dates fromn- amanm (Bahaunas) Feb. IS Barbadoes ... ... Feb. 28 lize ... ... - 20 Grenada ... ... - 26 antalarthba ... - 6 St. Vincent ... - 28 aeytown ... ... - 19 St. Liacia ... - 29 rthagena ...- 25 Martinique ... - 2 hag:s . *... ... - 25 Guadaloupe ... - 29 amaica . ... - 27 Dominica .. - 29 Acel ... - 28 Antigua ... ... - 29 orto Rico ... March 2 MEontserTat ... - 27 iDice ... ... Feb. 26 Nevis ..: - 29 eroerara ... ...- 26 St. Kitt.s ... ...Maeh I obago ... .... - 24 St. Thomass .. - 3 nidad ... ... - 26 The Une brings 47 passengers, and on freight ecie Sued at $717,318, and a cargo consisting 178 serons of cochineal, 5 serons of indigo, 2 bales of sarsaparila, 2 packages of vanilla, and a ,e-eral cargo. The PLata arTived out at St. Thomas's on the adinat. This steamer brings news of serious disturbances British Guiana. The following is a synopsis of he intelligence published by the Demerara Royal W "We regret to say that serious disturbances have taken lace during the past week throughout the colony ; and the shopsof the Portuguese traders have been pillaged and de- oyed.bvthe negro population. There has been for along me existing among the creole negroes a latent feeling wnmsl the Portuguese immigrants, who are a thrifty and ndustriorus race of people, and this feeling is also prevalent ,mongthe Irmcau immigrants and negroes from the islands who have come to reside here. This feeling of jealousy would not have brok-enout info active hostility but forother 'ircuamstances which have occurred in this city wvithin the azt few weeks. "About the end of the past year a man named John wayers Orr, better known m England and in America by die cognomnen of the 'Angel Gabriel,' returned to this olony ofwhichbe isa creole, and took up his abode with hiS motber in this city. Having discovered that there was a pcoasderable degree of smothered jealousy and ill-feeling existingbetw eenthe negro population and thePortuguese, he seized upon it and mixed it up with his attacls on the [Roman Catholics. In this he was only too successfrul; like a sark dropjpd upon tinder, hostility against the Portuguese spread rapidly trouLghout the city, and was soon communi¢'ted to the country districts. EI Georgetown the Portugaese were assailed by men, women, and children with cries of 'Down with the Portuguese ' 'Down with the Pope '' The Portuguese exhibited very considerable forbearance, and, however much they may have been annoyed, they did not commit any breach of the peace in resenting the insults offered to tham. " Thnsmatterswent on.untilSunday, thelOth of February, w'hen Orr mounted the town pump, in front of the Stabroek market, armed with a dagger and life-preserver, and addressed a large crowd of persons in a most inflammatorY manner. For se seditious language used by him on that occasion, and for convening an unlawfal assembly, he has since been arrested and committed to take his trial before the Supreme Criminal CoTurt in April next. On the 17th Ornwaspremented from preaching in the streets; and he then proceeded to his mother's yard, and there he addressed the crowd who assembled tohear him. After this meeting, on Sunday evening the disturbances commenced by the negroesattacking one or two Portuguese shops and pelting several Portuguese who had assembled in the neighbourhood. This row was suppressed by the police, and the night passed off without further disturbance. " On 2tlonday morning, Feb. 1S, the disturbances recommenced. Or's examination before the police magistrate Nvas appointed to take place at 12 o'clock; but long before that hour a Large crowd assembled on the Brick-dam, en wlhich the heao police station and the police magistrate's. office are situated. Between 10 and 11 o'clock the crowd became excited, and a Portuguese was pursued on the charge of having stabbed a creole. The man was immediaWey apprehended by the police, but not before he had sustained personal injury. The police turned out in force under the command of Inspector Home. The horse police speedily dispersed the mob, and the exaunination of Mr. Orr was conducted and concluded with perfect tranquillity. The people, however, almost immediately commenced their attacks upon the Portuguese Shophs in the outlying yarts of the town, and by midnightthere was;notone in thosedistricts which bad not beencompletelyguttedof its contents. A large body of special constables had been sworn in to aid the police. Between 7 andS @oclock a foTmidable riot occurred in the Charlestown district, and the military were called out. A guard of the 2d West India Regiment, consisting of 2 sergeants, 2 corporals, I drummer, and 40 men, was sent to the poce-station, -under the command of Lieutenant Drewit; and another of. 1 sergeant and 20 men was stationed at the gaol, where Mr. Orr, who had been uanable to find bail, was confined. These guards have been cOnYtilned u) to the present moment. At 1 'clock T.m the light company of this regiment, under the com. mand of Lieutenant St. Aubyn and Ensign Corvill, were out on picket til 5 p.m., and at S p.m. the whole regiment turned out Do patrol the streets, under the command of lieutenant-Colonel Whitfield. "From what has since transpired, it is unquestionable that emissaries must have started at the same time from GeorgetOwn to the various rural districts, exciting the people to follow the example of their brethrer in Georgeto-n, and, what is more extraordinary still, asserting that they were carrying out the orders of the Governor in doing so. " A special meeting of the Court of Policy was summoned by the Governor on Monday, the 15th. at 12 oeclock, and an ordinance was passed to make provision for more effectually repressing disturbances and attempts to commit breaches of the peace. The ordinance at first was confined to Georgetown, but, the disturbances spreading, a proclamationwas isseed by the Governor the same eve ng extending its provisions to Albert Town; and subsequently to the east bank of the river Demerara, as far as and inclusive of the Craig vilage, The east coast, west coast, and river districts were reported in rapid succession to be in a state of distur'jance; and as fiast as aid could be organized and despatched to the places attacked fresh demands came pouring in from all quarters. "TOn uesday, the 19th, the Governor issued another proclamation extending the provisions of the ordinance to all parts of the colony. On the same day the two persons first sentenced to be flogzed under the new ordinance were taken from the gal to the market-place, in custody of a strorg detachment of special consthibles and police, and there underwent their sentences in the presence of an inamense crowd, x7ho were perfectly quiet, and made not the slightest attempt to interfere. * M1r. A. F. Gore, acting stipendiary magistrate acconp.nied by a detachment of the 2d West India Regiment, consisting of 2 sergeants, l drummer, and 40 men, under the command of Major Gibbins and the first adjutant, proceeded up the river in the steamaer Rattlesnake as far as plantation Great Diamond. The detachment returned by land in the evesning, bringing with them 30 prisoners. "An immense number oF persons of all classes having ivolujmteered as special constables, both mounted and on foot, selections 'were made; -and they were armed from the Government stores ane. despatcheda asquickly as possible in various directions. The streets of Georgetown are protected by the special constables every night. " On Wednesday the Tyne steamer took up a detachment of the 2d West India Regiment, consisting of 2 sergeants, I drunmer, andi 50 men, under the command of Captain Ieece and Ensign Zacnamara, and proceeded to Berbice. The troops took with them three days' salt provisions, and they still remain at Fort Canje to aid the civil power. As long as they remain there is no fear of the peace of New Amsterdam bemig disturbed. "Detachments were also sent up the east coast to Victoria, and to strengthen the post at Mahaica. They were stationed at the gaol, where they now are. These troops were placed under the orders of the Hon. J. E. Roney and Mr. S. H. Goodman, acting stipendiary magisrates. "On Tuesday night firearms were used by a Portuguese i defending his shop, at- the front of plantation Supply. An Arican negro was shot; and his countrymen became greatly exasperated and vowed revenge. The stipendiary majistrate, Mr. S. Bean, found it necessary to call i the aiaio.the militarv at the Mahaica&post,butasthis force, consisting of only e.ght men, was so small, it madeno impression, and the rural constables acted with suspicious forbearance. , Twenty -prisoners had been sent up from Victoria, and <were locked. sp in Xahaiea gaol, but as there were orly four olicemen to gtuard them Mir. Bean thought-it pruduint to let theprisoners out on bail, being alarmed at the threats- used by the mob of rescuing the prisoriers! "The destruction o' property.belonging to Portuguese at plantations Greenfield, Beehive, Clonbroek, Ann's Grove, and the Two, Friends was fearful ; and the people exhibited a feeling anythinig but friendly towards the white population. At plant2.tion Good Hope the Portg,uese sho- was dlumered and completely gutted of its contents. At - aicony aLso very serious disturbances took place; but they were suppressed by the active exertions of the Hon. 3. E. Roney, aid.ed by a party of soldiers; special constables, and police. The destruction of property was very great, and several houses were partlypuled dovn.. The constant cry of the disttu-bers has been-' lf. the Governor thoulght we were doing vrong in destroying the Portuguese shops, he would have sent up soldiers.' *hen the soldiers were sent up the insurgents were completely surprised, having been led to believe by some cunning, designing emissaries that the Governor approved their atack on, the Portuguese shops. This impression among the ignorant negro population was s, generally diffiused in the country districts that the Govermnent feltitadvisable topumblishacautionary notice-to remove such an erroneous impression. "The whole of the 2d West India Regiment has been under arms ready- to turn out at a moment's notice since 1 o'clock p.m. on tunday, the 17th inst. In consequence of the severe duties imposed upon the troops, the officers and men have had only one night in bed durng the week; and some have been up Eeveral nights in succession. The conduct of the troops has been admirable. Up to the present time there has not been a single man confined for being drunk, or for any other misconduct. Nothing could exceed the cheerful manner in which all the officers, non-commissioned officers, and priates of the garrison have performed their different duties. The steady, temnperate manner in which they have carried ouat their orders has been remarked by all who have seen them. "The laest ves from all parts which the authorities iave been able to reach reports everytning- quiet; but iln evident a feeings sti eLsts in theminds of thepeople, who avebee irrkedup o teirPresent maod outrages by eissrie frm Gergeown ofmany of *.hom traces hav alead ben otaied.Rewrdshave been oflered, and fse prdo, pomied o ay mnoroffegd,er.who wil "Frm Brbie te sreprt,arthatNew Amsterdam is guiet; but the usual disturbances and pillage were going on is the less accessible districts. "Whenever the authorities and the xnob have been in co3lision the success of the former has been decisive and immediate; but time will be required ere the existing precautions cn be dispensed with. " A French war schoonerthe Pourvoyease, Captain Marc, arrived here -on Thursday. " The French steamer of war Voyageur, Captain Regreny, arrived in the river yesterday, and the commander nunmediately placed his vessel at the disposal of the Government. "The Portuguese immigrants were brought over to this colony as labourers to work on the sUgtar estates, but being very thriftGy, industrious, and bard-weorking men, they have contrived to save money enongh in a few years to start in business as shopkeepersand merchants on their own account, and generaly they have been very successful Their shops, vwhich are scattered all over the colony, have been a great boon to the labouring population, and have been the means of cheapening all the necessaries of life. And now that they are closed in al the country districts, and their contents I pillaged, the rural opulation, which depended entirely upon them for all their supplies, will be reduced to the greatest distress, and, in many cases, to absolute starvation. By their lawless outrages the negroes have prepared a red for their own backs, and they themselves vwill now most k-eenly feel the punishment of their misdoings. " an ordinance has been passed authorizing the Governor to enrol and call out the militia. " The steamner Tyne has been despatched to Barbadoes for additional troops, and is expected to return in a day or two. es Serious disturbances have taken place at Queen's-town and the other arts of Esseuibo, the Arabian Coast, and on the islands of angand akenaam." Regarding the commercial state of the colony the Gazette says - " The weather during the past fortnight has continued very dry, with only an occasional passing shower. The estates are areatly in want of water, and the growth o. the sugar cane is retardedby the long continned drought. The work on the estates is almost entirely suspended, in consequence of the disturbances which have token place throughout the colony. " The exports from this colony durming the past fortnight have been very small. Sugar 603 hogsheads, 58 tierces, 179 barrels; rem 278 puncheoRs, 71 hogsheads, 46 barels; molasses, 214puncheons, 7 barrels; rice, 600 bags; charcoal, lCO barrels; Greenheart timber, 225 logs. " There is a complete stagnation of trade among the merchants in Water-street, owing in part to the usual dulness at this time of the year, but chiefly in consequence of the disturbed state of the community." Intelligence from Jacmelhas been received to the 28th ult. The Emperor Soulouque had returned to Port-au-Prince with his army, after having passed a few days at Cape Haytian to review his troops, after the ineffectual attempt to unite the two portions of the island under one flag. One of the Jacmel regiments returned to Jacmel on the 28th. All was quiet in Port-au-Prince, and it was hoped that business would soon recover from the stagnation into which it had been thrown by the late events. It was reported that the French and British consuls would take immediate steps to bring about, if possible, some amicable arrangement between the Haytians and the Spanish side of the island. The refusal of the Haytian soldiers to fight against the Dominicans proves clearly that the people wish for a peaceful solution Of the question. Coffee was scare,n at 133 per 100lb.; cotton, 116 per lOOlb.; logwood, 80 per 1,000lb.; doubloons, 270 each. Our dates from Jamaica are to the 27th ult. Our correspondent says " The steamer with the Jamaica malls was four days beyond her time; the Tyne with the outward mails to St. Thomas 's having encountered very severe weather during the voyage. " The House of Assembly was stiU in session doing very little business, and was expected to be prorogued in a few days. The Executive Committee appea to have rendered theimselves really obnoxious. This is attributed to the un. popular measures which they introduced at the commenoe. ment of the present session of the I,egislature, whereby they were obliged to submit to several defeats. They virtually broke down in introducing their budget. It was designated a complete failure upon which they should have immediately tendered their resignation. " The island is very healthy, and we have had strong indications every day of rain without the benefit of any. The weather was sultry, as is usual at this season of the year. " Much sympathyis felt forSir J.Rowe, XC.B., for many years chief justice of the island, consequent en his retirement from office under the new judicial -bill which hat recentlypassedthe Legislature. Subscriptions are beinggotup through the country for the purpose of presenting him with a testimonial previously to his departure, and valedictory addresses have alsobeenpresented tohimfrom thebar, aswell z s other public bodies, expressive of the estimation in which the worthy chiief is held by every section of the community. In the Jamaica markets alewives were very scarce. Butter dull. The stock of cornmeal was very light, and there were no sales to report in bread. A large sale of Baltimore flour had been effected at 44s. Other articles without change. Exchange for bills on London at 90 days was quoted at 1 rer cent. pm; 60 days, lI ; 30 days, 2 per cent. pm. The folowing vessels of war were at Port Royal .-The Termagant, Malacca, Argus, Espiegle, Hernes, and Iniaum." From Barbadoes we learn that the ILegislature was in session. Beyond this there is noth-ing to report. At Trinidad the weather was favourable to the crops, and there were no complaints of a scarcity of labour. From Gr(llada we receive inteligence of the opening of the Mlouse of Assembly for the first time under the New IReform Act. The question of altering the constitution of the iland was again suggesteed by thelocal executive, but hadl not gained mach popularity. A message from the Governor-inChief to the Eouse of Assembly at Barbadoes invited the Legislatures o f St. Vincent and Grenada to appoint delegates to confer with him upon the best measures for improving the political and financial condition of those islands. The Legislature stood adjourned to the 11th of March, when the Money Bill for the current year would be introduced, and it was proposed to raise the sum of 18,0001. Fine weather prevailed, but trade was dull. The manufacture of sugar was being proceeded with vigorously. Want of rain had done serious injury to many large fields of plants. Eer MIajesty's ship Vestal had arrived at St. lucia with Governor Eincks's commission.
TEE PA CIFIC. SO3THAMPTOIT, 32-kRu 18. By the Royal Mail steamship Tyne we have received our usual files of journals from the Pacific ports. The steamship Pacific reached Panama on the 21st of February, with dates from Valparaiso to the 31st of January, Coquimbo, February 1; :Uuasco, 2, Iquique, 5; Arica, 6; lslay, 7; and Lima, 1l. The preliminary surveys of the Southern Railroad are going forward in Valparaiso. The Valparaiso and Santiago Railroad is now in operation about 15 miles. A splendid ba:l was given on board Her Majesty's frigate Monarch on the 25th: A coal mine was lately sold near Taleahuana for $60,000, and another for $54,000. From Copiapo we learn that the mines of Chanascillo are daily increasing in value, as well as those of San Blas. The ITotblisild andGCautiva are also said to be becoming valuable. We have no political news from Chili. Trade contianes steady, and considerabie sales of imported goods have been made for the coast and Bolivia. Flour is declining in.price, having fallen from $10 to $8 25. opper, per ql., $23. Silver, per mark, $10 31. Hides, $16 per qL Coal, coronel, $8 on board. - From PerrL we hear reports of disturbances and dissatisfaction; considerable clifficulty is anticipated at the coming Presidential election. By pri,ate advices from Punta Arenas we learn that the Costa Rica coffee crop is remarkably good this year, the yield being about 90,000 quintals; price offered $11 gold. A small lot had come'down in the steamer Emeie for shipment to Europe, and another lot was to be sent by the steamer Columbus for the same purpose. The Isthmus continued healthy and the weather fine, but businmess was dull. Regarding the revolutionary districts of lew Granada the Panaman Star says:- "From the revolutionary districts of Veraguas and Lavilla we learn that 500 troops had been organized under the command of Colonel Gutierres, and 100 lanceroes under Captain Carrido, and that they were about proceeding, accompanied by the Governor of the State, to the scene of action. We may, therefore, look for news of an engagement between the Government troops and the rioters, in a very few days.",
EAST ThDIA C MrPAIY.-The quarterly Cout of Proprietors of the East India Comjpany took place vesterday, Mr. Aacnaghten in the chair. Mr. Lewin, havin" been called on to bring forward a motion of which he ha given notice, for a conunittee to consider the expediency of obtaining a more suitable body for governing India than at present, said that, not having receivedsome papers which he considered necessary, he should postpone the motion until the next Court. Mr. Jones proceeded to call attentioni tothe claims made by the representatives of the late GenbrikSir J. M'Casldll for remuneration on account of- the Oeneialhs services in Affghanustan and Cabul, where he was appointed to a brigade by General Sir G. Pollock, and a divisional command. After statiDg that Lord Auckland bad been in favour of these claimis, and urging them. upon the Court, -.Mr. Jonei moved-that-the docunments connected with them should be brought up and printed. TWe Court, however, negatived the mnotion.
NA VAL AND MIIffiTARY INTRLLIGBNEs. Ti e Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Ripon, Captain Cooper, transport No. 25, arrived ut Southampton yesterday from the lMediterranean, with the officers, troops, &e., previously enumerated in ne Tintes. The liponsailed from Smyrna on the 4th inst., Mlta the 9tb, and Gibraltar the 14th, and on leaving the latter port passed the Peninsu lar and Oriental Company's steamship Tagus, with the outward PeninsuLar mails, entering the bay. The steam transport Foyle, from Spithead, with stores, officers, &e., arrived at Gibraltar on the 8th inst., on the way to the East, The steam transport Berwick, having taken on board 172 horses and mules, ire., sailed for the Dardanelles on the 6th inst. The British paddlewheel steamer General Pelissier left Gibraltar the same day, for Constantinople, where she is to he employed in conveying passengers from that city to Scutari. Lieutenant-Colonel Charles E. Law, of the 66th Regiment, who had been absenb in England on leave, returned bv the Peninsular and Oriental Company's mall steamship Euxine on the 9th inst. Her Majesys paddlewheel steam sloop Tartaus, Commander Mansell, left Gibraltar on the evening of the 5th, for Malta, whence she will proceed to the Sea of Azoff, to be employcd in surveying the intricate inlets of that sea. The British screw steamer Victor Emmanuel, six and a- half days from Liverpool, arrived at Gibraltar on the 6th, and the Albanian, six days from Liverpool, arrived on the 11th. The steam transports Sarah Sands, from Liverpool, andthe Norman, from Woolwich, with Royal Artillery and horses for Balakdava, reached Gibraltar on the night of the 13th inst. The Sarah Sands lost seven horses during the voyage, and 14 others were reported in a bad state, owing to the rough weather she experienced. The Prince Arthur steam transport sailed for Deptford on the morning of the 14th. The British brig Her Majesty, which arrived at Gibraltar on the 12th inst. from Deptford, bound to Constartinople, was on the night of the 9th, while lying-to, struck by a heavy sea, which stove in the boats, main hatches, forehatch, and water casks, carried away a portion of her bulwarks, studdingsails, and washed other articles from the deck. TheBritish brig Coquette, Forbes ,Watt master, put into the bay at noon, on the 9th inst., having been in collision at 1 a.m. that morning, close to the Morocco coast in the Straits, with a bark called Barthia or Mlerthew (or some such name), of 400 tons, belonging to Dantsic, bound from Alexandria for Liverpool. In the collision the bark struck into the larboard side of the Coquette between the fore and main rigging. The shock was I so dreadful that Captain Watt, fuly expecting his vessel would sink before he could gettime to lower a boat, went on board the bark with all his crew. As soon as the latter vessel cleared the brig Captain Watt requested the captain of the bark to put out a boat, which he consented to with the greatest reluctance, when he, with his mate and three men, returned to the brig, leaving the remainder of his crew on board the bark. EHe found her with eight inches of water in the hold, besides having suffered considerable damage; and, while securing the rigging, &c., the bark bore down to inquire if the brig was making water; Captain Watt replied in the affirmative, and requested the captain of the bark to take his vessel in tow to Gibraltar; but his request was unheeded, and tho bark sailed away, having on board part of the brig's crew, and leaving the brig in a disabled condition. An express from Madrid arrived at Gibraltar on the evening of the 13th inst., with a despatch from the British EmbassyforLieutenant-ColonelMaberley,conveyinginstructions fromHer Majesty's Government to suspend throughout Spain the purchase of horses and mules for the British army in the East. The British steam transport Earl of Darhar, eight days from Plymouth, with Government stores for Malta and Constantinople, arrived at Gibraltar on the 14th inst.; also the British steamer Eglinton, seven days from Liverpool, for Constantinople. The British steamer Prince of Wales, seven days from London, bound for Constantinople, arrived out- on the 13th. Rear-Admiral the Right Hon. Sir I. F. F. BerLeley, K.C.B., Senior Naval Lord of the Admiralty, Evisited Portsmouth yesterday, and went over the dockyard, and out to Spithead and the lIotherbank, to inspect the gunboat division under' Captains Codrington and the Hon. H. ReppeL The Admiral embarked in the steamyacht Vivid, Master Commander N. W. Allen, R.N., and he returned to the dockyard with Captain Codrington about half-past 2 in the afternoon. Other members of the Board of Admiralty ore expected at Portsmouth to-day, and the Queen and Court on Tuesday next. Her Majesty's ship Orion, 91, Captain Frskine, arrived at Spithead on Tuesday evening from Plymouth, and joined the fleet. The Pearl, 21-gum corvette, Captain Sotheby, having been undocked, after repair of a little defect, wvent to the coaling hulk yesterday. The Ringdove, 6, new screw despatch gunboat, CommanderSaulez, was uandocked yesterday afternoon at Portsmouth, and moved into the steam basin for the attention of the engineer department. The Fox, 42, being fitted for a steam transport, was undocked at Portsmouth yesterday, and will move into the steam basin to ship her machinery, -whicn has been landedfrom the steam tender Rha. damanthus. Twornewmortar vessels arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from Liverpool, in tow of the steamatug Tartar. The steam transport East Anglian, No. 162, leftportsmouth on Tuesday night, with ordnance stores for the Crimea. The sailing transport Clifton, NXo. 106, arrived at Spithead yesterday. The Eagle steam transport, No. 171, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday. The last two gunboats buildinge at Pembroke dockyard have been launched-viz., the Drake and the Janus. They were launched at the saume time, having beern built in the samne slip. The following ame their principal dimensionsviz. :-LeDgth between perpendiculars, 110 feet; ditto, for tonnage, 85 feet; extreme breadth, 21 feet 11 inches.; ditto, for tonnage, 21 feet 8 inehas ; depth of hold, 61 feet; and of the burden of 212 tons. No relaxation of activity is visible, and the other vessels on the stocks are being brought forward with all despatch; the Aerial will be launched in the course of April. The steam transport Imperatriz, Captain Henry Cox, was yesterday morning ordered up from Woolwich tothe docks, to be examined preparatory to future service. His Impierial Majesty's sailing transport Marsonin has been towed down to Gravesend from Woolwichb The Marsouin is laden with engine gear for the French Government. The Admiralty yacht Black Eagle left Woolwich yesterday morning for Portsmouth. Four other gunboats, named the Thrasher, Spanker, Teveret, and Mackerel, are nearly completed. The first two were built at Messrs. Green's, at Blackwall, and the latter by- Messrs. Pitcher, of Northfieet. They are to be manned iu the ordinary manner of that class of gunboatsnamely, with one 63 and one 32 pounder. Their measure. ment is 233 tons register, and they are to be supplied with 60-horse power engines. These vessels are to be launched on Saturday. The following lieutenants were yesterday appointed to the command of gunboats :-Lieutenant H. W. Brent, to the Daisy; Lieutenant F. P. Doughty, to the Pert; Lieutenant F. T. Thomson, to the Bullnch; Lieutenant H. ML Bingham, to the Delight; Lieutenant G. L. Sullivan, to theThrasher; Lieutenant G. S. Bosanquet, to theSpank-er; Lieutenant W. Codrington, to the Leveret ; and Lieutenant W. Hewett to the Onyx. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-LieutenantJ. W. East, to the Tartar; Lieu. tenant -E. Drury, to the- Sanspareil; > Lieutenant J. E. Hanter, to the Retribution; Lieatenant E. J. Brooks, to the Rodney; W. S. Lake, master, to the Euryalus; A. N. Phillips, master's assistant, to the Impregnable; John Rose, acting surgeon, to the Flying Fish; C, W. Harris, paymaster, to the Waterloo; W. M. Shanks, paymaster, to the Vigilant; Augustus Ovey, paymaster, to the Surprise; Frederick Burne, assistant paymaster in charge, to the Assurance; George AL Blyth, assistant paymaster in charge, to the Osprey; George B. Brown, assistant paymaster in charge, to the Alacrity; W. H. Whichelo, clerk, to the Esk; H. B. Rlowe, clerk, to the Centaur; S. W. Nettleton, temporary clerk, to the avwke; Victor 0. B. Ponsonby, assistant clerk, to the Arrogant. In the list of naval appointments published in TAc Times of Tuesday the name printed as S. H. Buckingham, appointed midshipman to the Pearl, should have been S. H. Buraingham. A troop of the RoyalArtillery, comprising four officers and 100 men, with 90 horses and six nine-pounder guns, under the command of Major Barstow, arrived in Kilkenny on 3Monday, to be quartered in that garrison.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES.. Sir,-The- letter- of Major-General Hall, which appqaxed in TDe Times of yesterday, is a renewal by means of partial and exparte statement of injuriouS impltations on my character. I have therefore appealed to Field-Miarshal Viscoiunt Hardinge to direct a public military inquiy on oath. If my appeal be not granted, 1 shall call upon you to admit a statement of the whole of the facts, and the public will then judge whether Ir General Hall be the ag,grieved person. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your nbhPr]inTJ .rvPn"4 HEENRP. C. CAVENDT-R- Lkutenaait..Gexieial. VUrJMwgtoiI4tildens, March 19. CR2 LIAC1AO0RE SlnTJEG DAY, Wved11escDay, Much 19-Admissions on payment, 592; aitto, by sewsn tickets, 233 ; total visitors, M2.
ATETBOPOZITAN BOARD OF WO;RK This board met yasterday, at 12 o'elock, i' he Councilchamber, Guildhal%, for the transaction of business. 33ROIhPT0N-SQUARE AND RiDE P?ARK. A deputation from the inhabitants of Brompton, consisting of Captain SirE. Belcher and Mr. J. Blore, atterded and presented a memorial in reference to the formation of an opening through the north end of Brompton.squzre, leading to Hyde Park, as a substitute for the present long and circuitous route. They stated, in reply to the Chairman, -aud Mr. H. Lx Taylor and Major Lyon, that the cost of the proposed alteration would only be 501., and that. they did not apply to the Board for maoney, but for power to carry it 3r. LESLE suo ested, with respect to the practice now . growing up of presenting memorials to the board, that it would be worth while for the board to consider how far it was desirable to receive ez parc statements from memorialists who might present themselves to the board from time to time, representing, perhaps, only a few of the inhabitants of the district from which they came. The memorial was ordered to lie on the table. SITE OF OPFICE VOR THE BOAIID. Mr. SEELZY moved, pursuant to notice- " That the resolution of the board on the 14th of January last, adopting the report of the committee -on the sit of offices, and referring it back to the committee to prepare plans for the adaptation of the premises in Greek-street, as recommended, and submit such plans to the board for approval, be altered in the manner following, viz. :-That having reference to the report of the comniittee as to the site of offices, made on the 14th of January, in which the expediency of enIarging the house in Greek-street is rested on ' the difficulty in obtaining a site or premisses in a more central neighbourhood,' it be an instruction to the committee to suspend the adoption of any definite plan for the. enlargement of the house m Greek-street until it has ascertained whether it may not be practicable to obtain a site either near the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell, or in Giltspurstreet, adjacent to Christ's- Hospital, or on the vacant ground in Farringdon-street, or in Bridewell Hospital, or in some equally central situation." He contended that it was above all things necessary, in sdeetin a place in 'which to transact the business of the boazd, that its position should be, as far as possible, a central one. He found that of the members of the board 15 lived on'the west side of Temple-bar, and 24 on the east of it. Again, 19 of them lived on the west of St. Paul's Cathedral, anid 20 on the east of it. He therefore contended that, for practical purposes, St. Paul's was, as near as possible, the centre of the beard, and having regard to the residences of, its members he proceeded to- point out several places in the vicinity of that centre as suitable positions for the proposed offices of the board, including, among others, the neighbourhood of the Sessions-house, -Clerkenwell, Giltspur-street, adjacent to Christ's Hospital, the vacant ground in Fartingdon-street, the -Bridewell Hospital, and the site of Covent-garden Theatre. He added that it had been estimated by the superintending architect to theboard, that the necessary alterations in the premises at Greek-street, now belonging to the board, in order to adapt them to the purposes of the board, would cost 8,5001.; and that he estimated the cost of an entirely new building to be 10,000l. It was true that was exclusive of the cost of the site, -which would ha between d,Ol. and 7,0001.; but that expense, he submitted, would be to a great extent dim;nished by the sale of the premises and site in Greekstreet. The motion was seconded by Mr. CARassxL, and supported by Mr. Dixox, Mr. NxHoL&Y, and Mr. Hows. 3fr DiLToN contended that it was not so much a central position that was wanted as one that was easily accessible (hear, hear), and he moved as aif amendment that the motion be altered so as to stand, "That it be an instraction to the committee to suspend the adoption of any definite plan for the enlargement of the house in Greek-street until there had been further inquiry whether it might not be practicable to obtain a site, either in the neighbourhood of Charing-cross or Whitehall, or some other equally accessible situation." Mr. WTL-Sow seconded the amendment, contending that accessibility, and not centrality, was th^ great point to be considered in this matter. After some further conversation, in which Mfr. D'Iffanger, Mr. H. L. Taylor, Mr. Doulton, MIr. Hall, Mr. Leslie, Mfajor Lyon, Mr. Wright, Mr. Collinson, Mr. Deputy Erison, and other memibers took part. and in which the premises in Greek-street were generally condemned, Mr. Seeley so modified his resolution as to omit front it the recommendation of any particular site, and to make it an instruction to the committee simply to consider and report upon the most accessible situation; and in that shape it was eventually carried by 27 against 9. IMP5tO%MEMEXT OF THE THOROUGHFARSiE OF TIlE IZETROPOLIS. lMr. WIXmusoy, pursuant to notice, moved, " That it be referred to the Committee of Works and Improvements to tako into consideration and report upon a comprehensive plan for making, widening, and improvmig streets, roads, and ways for facilitating the passage and traffic between different parts of the metropolis." le stated, that he did not bring this motion under the consideration of the board with any wish to divert their attention from the progress of the great sewerage question. It was compulsory on the board to carry out that great scheme, but they had only a permissive power with regard to the improvement of the metropolis in other respects. By organizing, as they had done; at the instance of Mr. Wright, a Committee of Works and Inprovements, they had -made the first practical step in the work of improving this city; but, unless they instructed that committee in the way in which they were to act, both the board and the committee would be placed in a position of difficulty, more especially as already several isolated schemes had been broueht under tie consideration of the board- (Hear, hear.) ft was to avoid the inconvenience of having to consider individual schemes, instead of. some great comprehensive plan for improving the metro?olis as a whole, to -which, in his opinion, all local and individual schemes should be kept snbordinate and made-to bend (hear, hear), that he thougttt it desirable that some such general instruction as that contained in his motion should be given to the committee. Mr. WRiGRT, in seconding the motion, said the previoas schemes brought under thenotice of the board for improving parts of the metropolis were objectionable, in that they were isolated and unconnected with any general plan for improving the metropolis, besides being accompanied by demands that they should be carried into immediate action. The board had up to the present moment done all in its power to put in train the subject of intercepting the sewerage from the Thames, which was the primary object for which they were embodied, by r.eferring it to their engineer to propound a scheme for carrying the work into execution; and therefore they were now at liberty to deal with the question of the general improvement of the metropoli in other respects. That being so; it would be desirable that the committee,to whom it was now proposed to refer the question, should he empowvered to gather together and consider attentively the views and schemes now floating about london as to the imlprovement of the metropolis on a great and comprehensive scale. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TunSEn characterized the* motion as a bighly judicious one, but moved as an amendment the addition to it of words, giving to the committee the same powers with regard to open spaces for purposes of health and recreation as they would have with reference to the thoroughfares of the metro lis. MIr. D']NAyGER seconded the amendment. Mr. tAwxEs opposed both the motion and amendment, not so much on theirmerits, as on the ground thattheboard had as yet given no consideration to the question of how the money was to be raised for giving effect to improvements so extensive. Mr. NicnoL Y contended it was onlyfair to tax posterity to a certain extent for the improvements of the metropolis, seeing that it was chiefly for the benefit of posterity that those improvements would be made, if made at alL MWr. Deputy HAnRaION said, it was now proposed to give to the committee the power to take a large and comprehensiveview of a greatquestion-theimprovement of the streets and thoroughfares of the metropolis-and to submit their considerations to the whole board for its approval; and he could not conceive any more convenient mode of dealing with a question of that vast magnitude than the one roposed by 31r. Willdnson. What theboard required was, a large and consistent plan for an immense series of necessary improvements in the metropolis, accompanied by an estimate of their cost; and, with that view, he-had much pleasure in supporting the motion of MIr. Wilkuison. MIr. WARE supported the original motion, and strenuously objected to the proposed addition to it, as being contrary to the powers given to the board by the act of larliament under which they acted. Mr. Hfows would vote fur both the motion ancd the amendment, believing that the board could not be better occupied than in providing facilities -for promotng-the heal2k and recreation of the people. (Hfear, bear.) Mfr. LESLIE said, the board had been chiefly em ie for the purpose of considering and carrying into effect the best means of cleansing the Thames; but already 5 per dent. of the time given to them to execute that great work was nearly-gone, and they had not yet got a plan before them of the way in which itwastobedone. Every member of the beard was bound to keep that subject steadily in view X the primary one which ie was sent toere to assist mn carrying -into execution; but in nominating committee after com;s mittee for this purpose and the other, theywere only diverting their consideration from the great work which had been committed-to their charge and shirking the functions 'which devolved upon them in their collective capacity. -(Hear, hear.) He deprecated the waste of their time in the consideration of problematical improvements, when they had a great and well defined one set before them, and a limited time in which to do it-namely, the complete purification of -a n icent xiver, which, if carried into effect, would immortalize them. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. L. TAYLOR expressed an apprehension that the proposed committee would eventually become the board itself, unless the beard prevented them entertaining any question which had not previously been submitted to them by the hoard, and he cautioned the board against adopting the amendment. The CHsAmNux submitted that it was in the highest degree necessary that a clear line of demarcation should be drawn between the functions of a committee of the board and those of the board itself. (Hear, hear.) If this commnittee were to have the power of originating. subjects of discussion. aserious constitutional question would irise as to whether they were not trenching on the functions of the board itself (Hear, hear.) The discussion was further continued by Messrs. Doulton, Seeley, Bevan, Hal, Burslem, and Crellin, and eventually the amendmnent was put and lost, and the original motion of Mr. Wilkinson agreed to, with the addition proposed by Mr. E. L. Taylor and Mr. Carpmael, that it be an instruction to the committee that no plan or scheme whatever from any individual be entertained by them unless referred to them by the board. TREAT 0I LO-NDON-EtRIDGE A,D --N SOTITHWAItX Mr. COLuNSON gave notice of his intention to renew his motion at the next meeting of the board with reference to the construction of a new thoroughfare Ew Southwark, to relieve the south side of the river and London-bridge pf art of the enormous traffic occasioned of late years by the situation of the termini of the South-Eastern and South-Western Railways. - The board then adjourned after the transaction of some' other business of no public interest.
THE. DESTBZ70JIOZ OP COENT-GAARDEN THEA TT. . X r. Bedford, cotoner for Westminster, and the-jury em pannelled to inquire into the auses of the late fire7by which Covent-garden Theatre was destroyed, re-assembled ye*erday at the Piazza HoteL Beniamin Da31iston, jun., was first called. He said he had been employed in the theatre for to days previously to the fire under his father, -who ws one of the carpenters attached to the establishment. About a quarer to 10 doclock on the night of the masquerade witness lighted his father from the property room to the foot of thestepladder leading up into the carpenter's shop. For this purpose itness used a composite candle, placed in al ordinary chamber 'cndlestick, which his father had obtaned from' the property room, in consequence of the usual oil lamp not being trinmaed. On arriving at the foot of the stepladder wit !ness was desired by his father to remain there with the. candle, while he himself went up into the carpenters shop. They returned together to the propertyroom, wEere his father blew out the candle, and they then left the theatre together. Witness was not aware that the use of candles wasprohibited in the theatre, and he would swvear that on this occasion the candle was not taken into the carpenter's shop. George Bolton, employed in the property department, was 'next called. His testimony was unimportant. Benjamin Dalliston, jun., being recalled, admitted that he had taken a candle on the night in question from the property room to the foot of the stepladder leading into the carpenter's shop. He did so because there was no lannp trimmed for use. Theophilus Cooper said, about five weeks ago he was passingupBow-streetk when he observed a van at the end of Hart-street, laden with carboys of vitriol, as he suppoweL There was tackle on the roof of the theatre, and a kind of beam projecting, with a pulley and rope, by means of which he saw one of t e carboys taken up. Witness was much siuprised at seeing so large a quantity of matter of this description conveyed to the top of the theatre, and felt at the time that in all probability a fire would occur at some future period. On looking at the name on the van witness observed the words "Electric Light and Colour Company." Coroner taddressing Mr. Anderson).-Having heard what the last witness has said, have you any explanationyou would desire to offer to the jury ? Mr. Anderson.-All the information I can give is that at the Lyceum Theatre I had the electric light exhibited over the portico of the theatre. It was furnished by the company alluded to, and they app'aed to me for permission to exhibit it on the portico of Covent Garden Theatre. They did so for tie first two weeks of the pantomime, at the expiration of which time theirengagementwith me concluied, and anything more I mnow not. I understand the last witness to say he saw carboys brought to the theatre in a van. I never did; but it is perfectly true that the Electric IUght Company did use sulphuric acid for the purpose of producing their light. 1 do not know bow many of theso carboys there may have been. I gave no order on the subject. I do not even know how the carboys were taken into the theatre. I Was so much engaged with the business of the theatre that I never made any inquiry. The company were responsible, and I never gave myself the slightest trouble about it. 'When I was at the Lyceum, when it was first introduced, I took a little in. terest in it, but at Covent-garden Theatre the light was exclusively left to the management of the companyys r. Moseley Taylor.-Was there any combustible matter inyour private room facing Bow-street? r Anderson.-NTo. 1 had two rooms, one on the right hand side of the stage, and the other on the left. My property being in those rooms and of a nature peculiar to myself, I did not want everyone to see it, and, therefore, I had a padlock placed on each door; but I took eare to furnish the firemen with keys, and to instract them to examine those rooms as well as every other part of the theatre on their .rounds. Mr. M. Taylor-Were tnese things removed before the [fire brok-e out? Mr. Anderson.-A portion of themhad been. My servants commenced packing from the time I had finished my own entertainment. Mr. M Taylor.-I believe you had wires communicating from the sta"e to vanous p%rtsof the theatre? Mr. Anderson.-es o Mr. ML Taylor.-Had they been removed? MIr. A.derson.-They had. A Juror.-For what purpose did you use the proscenium Mr. Anderson.-For my galvanic batteries. AJuror.-The gas was removed, I sap.os from the Bedford entrance for the purpose of wor ing these battdries ? Mr. Anderson.-It appears to have been done by my machinist, but without my knowledge. Mr. Henry Sloman examined. Ie said, he -was mastercarpenter of the late Covent-garden Theatre. On the morning of the fire he was aroused by his daughter, who called out to him that the theatre was on fire. His bedroom looked directly upon the theatre from Prince's-place, and as soon as~ gejgottothewindowhe sawa'dameof froml5to 20 fee' hihi rsing out of the ventilator on the roof, and also a smaller filame ouat of two windows on either side the ventilator. Witness was able to dress himself and get round to the theatre before the people inside knew anything about the fire. The ventilator was about from 40 to 50 feet from the proseenium-box, in which Mr. Anderson kept his galvanic batteries. Witness had nothing to do with the delivery if the carboys of sulphuric acid at the theatre. Tney were received and stowed away on the roof by Mr. Anderson's carpenter. WilUiam Harrison, in the employ of Mr. Anderson, recalled.-He remembered the delivery of carboys of sulphuric and nitric acid by the Electric Light aind Colour Company at the theatre on the day before Christmas-day. Thecarboyswere hoisted onto theroof, andnottak-en inside the theatre at alL Thev remained on the roof for about three weeks, and were then taken away by the company. It would have been dangerous to have taken them through the house, and, therefore, the plan of raising them on to the roof was adopted. Both sulphuric and nitric acid were used in small quantities in Mr. Anderson's proscenium box, but thtey hatd never imore thaa 141b. or 161h. of acid in that bos at one time.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~tatboMr. Thomas Grieve, of Palace-road, Lambeth, examined. -Iam an artist and scene painter, and until the last three years have been employed at Covent-garden Theatre. Iwas employed there for more than :30 years. Coroner.-From your experience, perhaps, you could give us an opinion as to how the fire which has destroyed the theatre arose?9 MAr. Grieve.-The little property shop I have always considered a very dangerous place. Ihave frequently drawn the attention of the firemen to the fact of rubbish being allowed to accumulate there. I once came back to the theatre after an absence of three years, and found much carelessness exhibited. There was a heap of rubbish by the painting-room door, to which I drew the then firemen's attention. When they moved- this rubbish it began to swoulder, and you could not bear your hand to touch it. This was the sweepings of the painting-room. I am of opilnon that if there was aheap of rubbish in the propertyshop of this nature, that might have caused the fire. They use very dangerous materials, such as varnish and other things of that kind in this shop, and any accumulation of rubbish must be dangerous in such a place Mr. James Braidwood examined.-I am superintendent of the London Fire Establshment. I have mnspected the ruins of Covent-garden Theatre, but have been unable to gain anything from that inspection as to the cause of the fire. Coroner.-In the present case, is there anything that you have heard which would enable you to come to any conclusion as to the cause of this fire? Mr. Braidwood.-I could not come to any definite conclusion on the subject. It would be only supposition. From the whole tenor of the evidence it appears to me you may easily suppose the fire to have taken place in some two or three diffeTent ways. In the first place, the house had been kept open, and the gas was lighted, from 1 o'clock in the day till 5 o'clock next morning. That was a very inusual time, and, as most of the witnesses agree that the gas heated the roof, the roof wolda be more heated then than it had been formerly; and, if there was anything inclined to spontaneousignition, the risk would be increased. It appears that, at least, one of the firemen had been on dauty for 40 hours. I do not say the man drank I do not suppowe he did. But any man who has been watching for 4u hours canliot be supposed to watch at all, and therefore the whole thing was neglected. Coroner.-You have heard what one of the witnesses has' said in referencc to alarge escape of gas ? Mr. Braidwood.-I have no idea that this fire originated through an escape of gas; because it appears to me that if a quantity of escaped gas had ignited,however slight the explosion might be, there must have been some sort of ex- lotion, and I 'think' this woulld have beennoticed in so fena place as that theatre. oroaer.Could the i'iame described to have been rising from the ventilation shaft have been gass? Mr. Braidwood.-Certainly not. The shaft was 8 feet I in diameter, and, had all the gaspipes in the house been turned into one, it would not have produced a flame of that size. I Coroner.-You think, then, that the gas had nothing to do with the fire? Mr. Braidwood.-REccepting so far that the heat of the gas, drying up everything with which it came in contact, very materially ast;isted the fire. Coroner.-P?utting the gas entirely out of the qaestion, what do you suppose to have been the probable cause of the Mr. Braidwood.-I should be very much inclined to refer it to spontaneous ignition of some kind or other. Masses of stuff get about these places. My impression above all is, that the people about were all so thoroughly worn out that they did not Inow vhat they were doing. We find, when men are very hard pressed, that b are- much more liable to fires than they are when those employed are engaged during the ordinuy periods of labour Mr. Braidwood here withdrew; and, after a short pause, The Coroner charged the jurV. He said;-Gentlemen, I think -we have now exhaustedc all reasonable evidence. I au quite sue the present has been an inquiry that will be attended with beneficial results; but, having gone through all the depositions taken during three davs, I feel -without perhaps assuming the province of the jury-that the'evidence has entirely failed to show the precise cause of this fire. If the jury should be of that opinion, of course they will, without- any observation on the case, return a verdict to that effectL-that there is no evidence to prove how this fire originated. And if that be the opinion of the juy, the only evidence I have before me with which a need trouble the jury is of a negative charxacter. No one has been able to stte to the jury anything that could account for the fire. One witness says he was up nearthe carpenter's shop 20 minutes before the outbreak, and he did not see or smell anything. Mr. Braidwood has been requested to be present, and he has heard the whole of the evidence-he -being a most experienoe3 =AP,-anad. venture to tender to you his evidence for your guidance upon the whole case. I feel that I could not with any propriety make any observation, or givevent to any pnvate opinion of myown, as to this unfortunate oocurrence. It anpears to me that the matter remains ma mystery. The object of this inquiry is with respet to the origin of the fire, and of course it involves three questions. Wasi t by accident! was it by desigan or was it (wllich ig another accident) bysome explosion ? The general objectof the inquiry has failed; and I will make no oboervations, but simply ask you to say whether or no you have eiidenee to show the orgin of this fire! If yon haev not, you will say so, and the mat'er then, I an sure, will not he lost sight of Ihough it fails to comne to any satisfactory oonclsion,I do not in the lestregrettbe trouble of the in. vestigaton. The jury having conslted for a fev; minutes, xetnmed a verdict to the effect "Tnt the theatre was destroyed by fire on the morning of the 5th of March, but how or by hat means the fire originated they had no evidence before them to show."
ADDRESS 1;O.OM EDIr, URGH TO THEBMtEBOB OFr THE FRENCH. A special meeting of the town-council of Edinburgh was called on Tuesday by the Lord Provost to cosider the propnety of transmitting an address of eongratulation- to the Emperor of the French on the auspicious occasion. of the birh of an Imperial Prine. His Lonss p said, he had taken the earliest opportunjty of calling the council together on the announcement having been received by him of the birth of an heir to the -Throne of Fiance. Ie did nob know what course might befollowed by other public bodies in this country, but, considering the long alliance and friendly ties that had subsisted between Scotland and France in former days, and that the sharer of the throne of the Emperor of France was of ScottWsh'lineage, he thought it peculiarly appropriate that those who represented the inhabitants of the metropolis of Scotland should take the lead in this matter. His Lordship then proposed the following address to the French Emperor, which was unanimously agreed to:- "To His IPs2Ix i 3LUMssvY TM Ei nnno OF iEHZ " We, the Lord Provost, msgistrates, and town-council of the city of Edinburgh humbly approach your Ibjesty to offer our warmest congratulations on the auspicious event of the birth of an heir to the throne of France. "We cordially sympathize with your 3fajesty, your augnst Consost, ana your people in your joy. We hail with delight the advent of a Prnee allied to our country by hereditary descent, and destined, we trust, to draw still closer tha even hitherto the bonds of amity which have so long subsisted between the French and the Scotch people. "- The efforts to restore tranquillity which are now being made by FIance and Great Britain, in conjunction with our allies, wll, we earnestly pray, be crowned with success, and thus constitute the Prince the harbinger of peace to the world. "It is our fervent hope that the Princemay be sparedto realize the fondest wishes of his illustrious parents, and that he may prove a signal blessing to the French nation, whose prosperity and progress we shall never cease to regard witb anxious solicitude. "Signed in name, &c., " JO - MELVIUEB, Lord Provost,"
TO THE EDITOR OF THBE TIES. Sir,-Before the Conferences are 'yet ended, permit me to direct the attention of the public to the inportance to be attached to the Russian encroachment at the mouth and on the banks of the River Amoor. This river is in reality no other than the Great River Saghalien, within the dominions of China, in 3Manchoo Tartary. It is, Sir, one of the most important ivers in the world, and its security is of -vital moment to the very existence of the Chinese Empire. The Saghalien traverses the whole length and breadth of Manchoo Tartary, leading nearly to'the Imperial capita], Peldn; it discharges itself into the Gulf of Saghalien, a little to the south of the northern extremity of the Island of Saghalien; and, as an indisoutable fact, I assert that the possession of this river by Russia gives to that subtle and imacrepulous Power virtual dominion over all 3Ianchoo Tartary, threatens continually the Chinese capital and empire, and will ultimately lead to their conquest. This encroachment of the Russans is of a very rcnt date, and neither Chinese nor Rusian newspapers have blazoned it forth to the world; yet the fact is noe folly known to ourPlenipotentiary, Lord Clarendon, who will nO doubt exert to the utmost the great poers he possesses to frustrate the sinister designs of Rusia in that quarter. England, France, and even America have one and all nobly and generously respected China; but Russia, insidiously and stealthily, establishes herself by force of arms in this remote ?art of 2ianchoo Tartary with the design of ultimately suojugating' the wghole Chinese Empire, 'with a population (unexampled in industry and intelligence) amounting, by the most recent accounts, to 536,OOO,OQO of people. Russia would indeed consider ChinaSs vast emoire no bad exchange for that of Turkey; and 1 am elaware that the Emperorof Chi is in Russian eyes a veritable "sick ninn " Your obedient gprvant- L. W. Pais, Mauch, 1856.
BLACK AND3 GREEN TEA. TO T!HE _DITOGROF SE T BliS.. Sis,-Your correspondent "Young Hyson" seems to thinlk it "tao much to believe" that both black and green tea are from one and the same plant, only differently prepared. As a tea planter in India, and one, therefore, who has talken some interest in the plant, I beg leave to tell " Young Hyson," throughathemedium of yourcohamns,tha't he is quite in error in supposing there exists any essential difference in the plant itself from which t7c boo7 and ca vrisdi,c are produced. I would referhim to -PoJ,-croa Troj,icci 1inaits, whose quotations are most elihorate in support of the theory your correspondent finds it so difficult to believe-vz., that there is but one tea plant. The varieties of leaf to be fodin the Assam and China tea plantarise solely from the difference of climate in which the plant is grown; the fact of Assam being an exceedingly moist climate appearsto cause an elongation anc general enlargement of the leaf over that of China, the hue also becoming paler. The vriter has proved by an experiment in his own garden, in the hill country of India, that plants of the Assam kind removed to a greater elevation become in the second year's growth both shorter and thicker in leaf, and correspond exactly to the China-plant. The difference in teas arises chiefly from the mode or pre,?aration (without the aid of copper p31ns), the qMality being partly determined by the age at which the leaf is gathered, and also the soil and elevation on which the plant is grown. Doubtless there will be very knowing visitors at :Kewgardens, but I may be allowed to doubt much whether that will be the place to determine the point, on which far better informed whiters unpon the subject are at issue with "Young Hyson" than OLD BOjEA. Southampton, MIarch 18.
D-rmzE AT THE MA\!SioN-33iousE.-The Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress-give the msual dinner at the Mansion-howse on Easter Monday, and a distinguished party has been invited to meet his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, who has intimated his intention of honouring the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress with his presence on that occasion. DATH OF AN ECXCENTRIC CHAItACna. -Oa Friday week were consigned to their final resting-place, in the churchyard of Keighley, the mortal remains of one of the ahost eccentric persons that ever lived, a man who voluntarily went to bed in good health, and remained there for a period of 49 years. Re went by the cognomen of "Old Threeclaps" in the neighbourhood, but his real name was William Sharp, and he lived at a place called Worlds, not very far from Bcnithwaite, in the ish of Xeighley. He was the son of a small farmer, and from an early age nevershowedmuch inclination to steady work. When SO years of age he took to his bed and the room wh0ich he never left till carried thence on the day of his funeraL The cause of this extraordinary conduct it is difficult to ascertain with any degree of certainty, but the principal - reason seems to have been a matrimonial disappointment. The wedding day was fixed. This singular character, then a young and, doubtless, ardent lover, accompanied by a friend, wended his way dowvn to the parish church, and there patiently awvaited the arrival of the bride-elect. But the hride never came. The father of the damsel sternly and steadily refused his consent. This, combined, it m ay have been, with other grievances, imaginary or real, preyed heavily upon a mind certainly not endowed with more than average inteillect, and bearing uin. mistakeable traces of hereditary singularity;* and the result was that the young man consigned himself to a small roomn, measuring about 9ft. in every direction, with the detez ni. nation of spending the remanader of his existence betwteen the blankets, which resolution he kept most nfinchingly. 4't the time of his death his window had never been opened for 38 y'ears. Dariag the whole period of this self-imLposed conhuinenent he never had any serious i}lness, the ouly case of indisposition those connected with hiun can remnember being a slight loss of appetite, caused an3parently by indigestion, for twzo or three days. HXe certainly, phynically at least, did credit to his food; for, though arrived at the long age of 79, his flesh was firm, fair, and unwrinkled, save with fat, and the estimnate' of h~is weight was 2401b., or thereabouts. As a matter of course, the curious cam e far and wide to see this eccentric being, and whenever a stranger was usheredintohis denheinunediately buried his head in the bedclothes. About a week before his death his appetite began to fail, his Eim'os beeame partially uenrbLedso that he could not take his food in his accustomed manner. From this attack he seemed to rally, and not until the evening before his death wsre any appre. heusionLs entertained that the attack wrould prove utimately fataL.-Doncastcr Gaua¶te. CBRSOF TilE PAKIAlNtE.-Copies Of the 1as patents, or enroimnents of patents, tinder which theclderkss of the Parliaments attending the Houses of I,ords and Commons wvere appointed, and also of the earEiest extant patent or enrolment thereof, appointing a clerk of the Parliament, have been laid before the House of Commons on the motion of Mr. J. Locke King, M P. for East Surrey. There ap). pear to be such patents among the records in The Iovwer of LJondon, in the custody- of the MIaster of the RoLls. There are three wvritten in lawv Latin, and dated in the reigns oflHenry II. and ECdward IV. the clerks appointed having been Masters William P'restwyk, John Gunthorp, and Thomas Bayou. Tvhere are also a nUmnber of entries on the Parliament rolls at the Towier relative to the clerk of the Parliament, all of which are given in the return before us; they occapy a space of four pages, and date from the reign of Edwrard IL, LI). 131&. There as alsos acurioas petition to Henry Vl. from one Thomuas Haseley. one of the "eclerkas of the C:rowvn," complaining that he had been prevented by sickness from attending to his duties as second clerk of the Parliament, and had not received the yearly sum of 10O. due therofor. The return conclades with a copy of the pa,tent of the llth year of tho reign of Her present Majesty, appointirig)r. J: R. Shaw lefevre " clerk assistant of the ]?.liamcnts."
SALES BY AUCTION. Camden-town.-Capital Household Famriture, China and Glass, and Effects. MJR. HASLEHAMis instructed by MIrs. Galloway all. to SE the above by public AUCTION, on the Premises, 5g GreatnCoUn-street TnDearh hete2r 0 asyt Cllege, thSe dea theirs same dayF comprlneng mahogany andjapanned bedsteads goose featber potbedseds, wrrbedmsea and beddinng, washatends, bied wngdrobewo cut, tso chefrson,aies,ckit rpetes, adeffect Ony vdig tew,eand catalogue had on the premises; at 2S, Theohald's-read, snd 7, Clerkon- Collegel, chilmty.-lHousehold urrniture, Pianoforteo by Cearts, a si gle-barre.Ued Gun, and Effects; also about 50 dozen of choice 50dzn fcoc ines, inldaOfiy obPlendFsIda hrre MARSH (having disposed of the lease) ias F1RIiJt an FET,cmrsn xeln ogany forrpost bedsteads. beds and cedding, a superior winged wardrob. chests of dravers, chais, carpets, S e, mahogany diaing tables, sofa, chairs, Brus3sels carpets, a si-octave square pianaoforte hy Colard chimney-glasses, mirror, fenders and rceirons, gbina and glass, linen, kitchen and culinary requcsites, and effects; alo abent R. dozens of choice WInes, including Offle's Port. Pale and Easut India emes, and Claret, On atew, and catalogues had on the premises, arid at Mir. Marsh's offices, 2. Charlotte-row, Mlansion-house twenuineSalThp sDay.et ueen tse ty, tw odoorsfromNewCavon etreet.-An Assemblage cf elegant Household Furniture, including acostly Walnut Drawing ioomSuis, a handsome soidtosewood stto. two binlliant-toned b ianos in superblycarved cases, nobl Sideboardith a plate-glass bask Bagater o Board, elegant Chin Services, Proof Prints, and Effects. Past by order of the Sherif iM fit. 1EWIS begs to announce he is instructed to mers, workbable3savelvetpS' carpets, toftgames Household Parnitiure, Two Sets elegant Arnber ~D--k? ~Wind.. Curtains. Chimney Glasses. Isaosn lok aso ectro-platew and PladteEd Articles, Linen, 40Vl.o ok,TrSDis. Guitwn; R. BRAY, jun., will SELLb at 21 Old Bondw street, TeIS iAY, rmoveh 20thi at Y2, Mah0.tD EuncNITul,the co mprising mah four-poe, and iroe bedsteads, and marnitp.re, mattresseso fearhesrhn l and c eding. roseco,od wardrobe telescp diniang tlables, boSokcse,anferbalegant plartueglas bhack osideboar handsmeSI Brrsela carpcet.e hir,czes, &e;asotoeegantfsuites foatedfraw: grooms, inachoie wantand sa,soLxdrosewnpeit,o wihetrn hntUoer s,sd icE niers, orkinbie, Sm-sreens rih elvet prioecrpes twoaD m aring ficet panos broalnzes, platd articles, &e. Thde lfr. Brooms inn.ude handsiome car-ed Aabienc bedsteadS and hangingso , nobled-zwine. arrbs double an inl ws nscetsodae,crpt,olelass .tc ktcenites.irn afe &. aybe ieedan ca~getho In the Western Suburbs of London and parish of Rensing-ton, aingu. larly Valuable Fieehold Lands. offering ver,y choice and beautiful Sites for Building. jTMESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON wil (unless anV soi ceptable offer shall be made for the entirety) submit to AUCTION, at the Mart, neaLr the haLnk of England, an uesday, the 8th of April, 1116. at 12 o'clock, in lota of from 3 to 4 acres each PK aresof ch suudFRE OL abeus AN, orm one fine undulating indeoure, witbln a few minutes' walk of the Hiarrow and Bayewater roads, near seevera churches, butt situate perfectly detached from any houses or other buildings and bcommanding rome extensive and cheerful scenery. It would bo a peculiarly fine spot for aypublic institution or establishmnent. Particulars, with plans may be bad at the Auction Mart; of Mesars. it X6 and P. Lowe, soictor,emple; of Mfr. W. Sins, architect. 59, Eli-ceeet Notting-hl; and of Mtessr. Daniel Smith and Son, agents, In Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, 'wboare fully authorized to treat for the wholeorsnypsrtthereof. Avaluable Farmn adjoininig may be purchased if a large extent should be r6quiredt. Important Church Parn~.TeAdvowson o tcpr,i h county of Chester, comprsigthe Freehold Rectories of St. Mary a,nd St. Thomas, of the annua Talue of above £2,700, and the right of PresentationitoBseveraLlother Churches ad Chapes MESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and4 SON IjiM submit iL to publio COMPETITION, at the Mrt, niear the Bank of England. on TEeesday, the 8th of -11 at 12 o'clock, (if not previously dispoed of byoist ret,te AD)VOWSON of a REOTORY of STO 0 OlT; comprising the Rectories of St. Mary and St. Thomas, as the same wfi be divided, under the provisions of a recent Act of Parliament, upon the death of the present rector now in his 70th year. Upon such divison the income of the rectory of St. Mazy wil be about £2,000 lper ananum, the patrnage and right of presentation to All Saint's Church, at anrpe,3d to St. Chada, at Romil, in the vaIe of Chadf. wick; also the riht of nomination to the district churchesi of St. George's. at Hyde, and to St. John'is, at Duckinfield, are vested in the rector of St MLaryfor the time being. The present incumnbeRt of St. Thomas, who wil become rector of St. Thomas's upon thie division taking place, is now in his 46thear. The income ofthe rectry of Sr. Thomas (after the division) i be about £22. Particulars may be had of ThomasAihton, REFq., Ploynton; of Mtessrs Vaughan, Lingard and Vaughan, solicitors, iStockprt - of Messrs. White, Broughton, and Whie,solciors .2, ma Malirough-atreet - or Mtessrs Dandel Smith- and Son, 1an4 kgents. Waterloo-Place, Pallmal London; and at the Auction Mart. Arborfield Hall, ne-ar Reading ad Wokdagham, Berks. 3MESSRS. DANIEL SM&IfT and SON respectfulfly iLapprise the public that, havring sold the above estatea(ate the propert anid residence of Sir John Conroy, Bart., deceased), the whole of te valtiable STOCK, Corn Ha,y, and other Effects ont the Farmi, also Three Carriages, will be SOLISDby AUCTION, upon the Premises, on Tuiesday, April 1,at1U. The live stock comprises 260 Soutfidown tegs, 12 sftrong cart horses, 25 store pigs, and varioua poultry ; the corn consists of nine staks of wheat, oats, barley, and beans, with the stra als three ricks of hay, and a quantity of threshed straw ; the da stock comprises several capital rick otands, patent Scotch carte, inn market and pony carts, Howaris patentl plougha, iron rollers,=dils pressers. drags, harrows, sdarifiers, patent homse hioes. haymaking machie,hanes, acs,staleutnsls,drinngtools, ~cep troughsand cages ladershurdes, aluatit of Fu ldibrics stnsa iewo,x. DAls a ouh chrit andSNd pwatoU ThEsoc, b . mayTIbe viwe on Monday. Mfarch L and mornin ofe sale;and cataloingushda theOl faurm; at tihleyinn ath remading,EFkFEgha casmpgitoing and maidenWindsor. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ roe, inoig a fead w lets of Friued DAXER and SOthleE1i yACTO,o Church.2,attwou cows foury heif era.lstacy frw,crs an olr inwa a anloller, 10d cuubenrme,hadlghshgenou plns patentwocigt mahinse, tools,l pigso, poddltry, afewose of unture inej dence,elegan bedsaterPade, chests fdrawers,bes, sideboard, dineT_&AKER ithe and dOairy articlesive Mad b vntrciewed on _"the morningofrsle Cfthatalges CadtIn thpemSes, and of the AUcTIONer, onteilbrnms. nTusa.M Z, n olwn a.a Meadowy,th HEAy. of frt-r apteqalit anSD olour.e xeUn farKtueR imaoandyO foirpo SELLthe bedstaUCTIOn, oangthe diraeriss, adaigoppst h eeey tKna.reonasWednesday,eyma chairs,26.atr2, abdouthe tablead of ar,spro =mPrADOW HAY, ec the vry bst qalityandolou. Ma beauviewed th eensdaynrir cats. nogets, mhoadnyth preises; and ofe thbes caucionees,idebuards,boae dinenswrth-on,e librlItabl Handonhir, Midd vlsssi-oose o then p~.u fore,1,elegan ofumdrnin, plate, Book, antings,an Prares old Wgine, upwer ares ofd 40nyeari bttes, Canriages, horse, (hit-ornfects adp.e Blsss A ukeR and SoNhe havpets aeceivedao vns rycin freomb thnes Exclutigorts of the lautemCpt andes HCons.toni SELLrd by AC leach inaytl, Thed LaSE ofithe capitale CtSlaretsCE--; thei excllen beds,cbeddng toltsands,u atables, and glaou-dores,fardobs, chesstsu of a drawrs, drwingrooinuie nbir's-eesmple,i comp,sinag couche, chvairs,cente and mosthemprtables Commbercautfl Indiascreen andcabi nes LahEn InCIngaD othe intabl tes,chars sidebAoardsbokases, dinne SaEgLn lbray tablc AndChaIrs, 1,00 Garrwa' boksrnd pIanoforte, 1,00 at1orl,o moen pnelate, tse pitings vandbl pritbyEsteemed masters,W rareoldsndeet wdest, anihdh~T ben, cirmney andmpier~ glasses,ourkeyt and oethe carpets; atmalhella P of greay dreanergs wines,incudtiong horts of 1v20, sauterne and Cotatiae upwvardsof, 00d ears finbttleed andit whier Hemfrmtage, covlarets, re.; china glass tehen- and foumrystriees hgh andhou-oonanuraeroeus, consistn of fis at paroffs vrhandsoecoungtcrrigehoue40i lvrses, superl tior cb, ana lgbhme excellento aeneryro, afcab stronesoos, wtwmier cow~es, hay, rlo,-ed, ewellandamuse, Cihineselsews adompsigs aoultry, tiens rolr ditto waengn,tosrehouses,f plaaeonts, ndromisotellant,eous fecs ay te vieoswedhedayprtlioer,nCtaogeas hdon thegpremnises,rando thebau-e tioneers,se labtrn.mNd prThenlease, fongtbeenof the bedchambers o pathe, bropreoks,china, Do.T.wl behnsolon, thed 2thei aendthe drawie,and Ahvaluablveandmost importantnommtrerwhchialProperty,eue Cannon- e,m ayb f.airlEestimDisistuted bye,8 p run.The eMotresteat.ees Aprld 16,m ath 12er,eiron lotpn, tosea vaeryor6 vaubea~rs,frmISept, in Ne Canon-steet est, hichhave been re blcnl completed in th roudestand est mnner the posess greatisdsantagr Goffcestandcouning-hous C 4 nal, t apitaltPbi stmanircaseuad lightrs Roiin andconnect D withth above,cthoeclb cptae MoremisesenSt Mary offermfory churchySArdE, whic conawsis on aedrespecabl fAmrily dwelling2 house, with exenllt,toen dxomesticaccommodatleion,saiu waehouses, office, andeontiong romsohe Emprst, sh iecondb,an theirlds thooBrshe,tandrcapita shp n,elnthe groundroooo and the baoprLvlClelsemn.Theseilastncrsame prmises hadvealntgbeensl sinthae oncarathehioh th~ea podfrprietreor,rrdD,T Mohnson,ludtheirn rental value withe thoe atabhove-amd in e anstre rmterier,hc Wye, an.pteyenaunoc'WI loned,a be fintrlyestmted at, £110 a cr mmdanu,t heetireou etathei Seve rom th eccCman y.WoneTremse,,for 61ulopil years foml Shept, 1113, at agroun rheen ofa£360ler minus.T arerc bak public ompany,a orih merantges estbishment of thees anstclss othes eopriemiseas and gret avanage, a weloi athi enstralOD tositation asnd the trnusuit extnt f pac tey ccpy.tsIfmediat posssigonhmaypbedhad Partculas ad coditins f sae wil ortly b assued, andamayleep had atGarraay's; of Messrs. DavdsonadBruu yslcios Weavra'-all Rasughal-sret and athe r LfEesfh ffcs 2 Noorg1 atestreet, hrectaBrkaovewe mqaybe.-ousbtained. tean inai the whoe under aTHI 1,&00 arch es.- unusually.2,th eliibe I- lent FRNITUE ;HL copis ing truatedaby fu-othero n oothaeer beds toas bferfig,harpbo L m attrss raes, ajonaywaroedneeda Aresil cad,d8fi, at2fr1 nd steve lts,ths el x of%cheedoinlvalablceu MNeqRAsLe PdotherefetsI andvCOLwMIeS,ypinr atheloraestontDean,ewhich ar oer-kof sathe Extio ension8, IutheEprr,teyIdhrh tePos Puthe .-Firche-groae, theebolydProoxTadthePopryve.oleis Thsuercaiefetal onclersare mst ardvantageousysituater aneari wthe thig aeattaeshortr distanc frmp heri v 5b rer Wy,f n theyDvsesi ares for bouned or iontGearysecedb, orare immedtn,Tiaetely dcnigosedoth Seenan y itralwy orem thes Nulopil Branch2 southe sicle adsasof coal;o they, cotin the o celebraofthed ClAefpordhil ade Ven.o which andge sixfee inwo thicknes, and fothr recorizedeas andffce ins allh o which canvere prwaby wnorkuledwtgreaury facility, chief by levels toth exten Tofmat least1,0 tonsh pertwee, and others transit bywters(h hand raiwa oto a llartesu of mnyo the kigopsrohceapes and exacres andum thileyaehl ins perpnetuityfrom the Crewnto termse equa toofreholyi,aroyhaltyofbleil.8per toAfols,th aendtnomialsleepd tug retoiltefr ialwr.Pl decipiew Pariclas and Mooratestret, ondn, ho i fuly uthrizedt treat wihanyb gentema orcompny or he holeor potio ofte esadfthes bye private contnictoto.olat. Prtca No. 1, Daves-steet, erkely squre.-Hu ieh lg umtBen-and, deceased. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ymndsbad Rylen otelFURNIthe;dcomporising maheogayfou-ot rnn te romfmture, BrussWiels, carets ChimaLney, and otherglse,I,soa cad,diiSS .an ote A TablSON,soas,cefndes kitchenLrqLOR adohaerefects.vOn inwthrayton prior. CtalPoguiestor th EL prems, aorvfte byAUCTIONee.2, upoulthPry. ss nTeda,Mrh2 n soupr folicialyee, ondlease,and AprildIand r annum,n with thne- rosect of SflargTesicrased inacom-Teefi fewets.inth scllry AO, It aten the Marl,on uesaday Ae omsoprising Jerfteakevsos int trust for fitns af larhn Gassrytmeqn, lof co= utensLies,adthe decasebd,mn andHOS citngropfritauremis es,No.y0 n 2 1t,Th e soudthasie ,le ofd the Poulntury, in thed rocpton f hsv o and Lal ad n onde onm~ FirepandrLofe Asuancsoe compgany, cand forltoiess l, of oabices~ inThe rea,2with.coveredwaydof iozntofcerycboryewnu ombereds27A iseonleas Foto SierryThompasgnernr Birchl, ha.rti,and o8thei,Trus tees(h have plaied goutsa glarge sumthofwmoneyonthempreises) aot 0 hozs adoining, bseing si.v22. intheoccusaes,ss of Mooessrs.Pey andrg Willams,at 260 yea unil 161. hen anmproed,c renturmay,b obtaned Mabe iewd b cads nlywhchayueshad, ofpthe auc- lo. 22, Sussex-square, Kemp-town, Brightou.-Elegant and costy Hfousehold Furniture (chiedy designed and manufactured by Messrs Dowbiggin), rich Silk Damask andVelvet Draperies,masivePier and Chimney Glasses, in elegantly carved frames, noble Glass Chandeliers, Marqueterie Tables and Cabinets, finely carved French Chairs, valuable Clocks in or-monlu and bronzo stands, Bronze Figures and Candelabra, choice old Sdvres, Dresden, and Tournay China, fine-toned Grand Cottage Pianoforte by IRrard5 and numerous valuable Effects, incuding a capital Britzsia Carriage and pairhorEe Harness. MERB. EDWARDS has been honoured with instruc- --- tions from Mrs. Kemp (who is aboutto leave Brighto*1 toSELL by iublia AlUCTION, onthe Premise, 22. Sussex-squarc, E on Vednesday, March26 and following days, at 12 puaBea day, the costly and valuable FEFETS - compristg, in the chambers, handsomeSpanishmahogany French bedsteads with superior spring hair, and wool mattresses and bedding, Spaish mahogany winged wardrobe, cabinet and other chests of drawers, elegant modemp washstands and toilet tableswithtoibet glses afflxed, two Spanish mahogany dwarf bookcases with plate-glass doors, coches, easy chairs, and other chamber requisites. In the drawing rooms are suiteg of rich crimson figured silk damas, elegant white and amber satin, and rich crimson Utrecht velvet curtains, with elaborately carved and gilt cornices, acostlyborderedAxmninster capet, noble chimney and pier carved frames, Sitconsoac and pier tables, and giran. =les, pair of cegant cut- gass deliem by Hancock, costly French clocks in or-moulu stands, mounted with rare old Sdvres china, pair of elegant candelabra, specimens of Dresden, Tournay, and rare old Stares china, marqueterie, Ind inlaid, and other occasional tables of rare workmansehp, carved French chairs, lounges, conversation sofas and ottomans covered inelegant brocaded siUk damask, do. and a eoelection of very choice camellias in greenbouse in rear of the drawlnroom. The furnitLue of the boudoir is c*eily in. walnut-ood, apd comprises an elegant cabinet by GiUow, with plate-ga Panels t a suto of exquisitely carved frame chairs two settees and sofa, maucter table mounted with or-moalv., three handsome mirrors, a ru-octave grand cottage pianoforte, in rosewood case, by Eard, rich draperies, Brusselsearpets. kdo:; in the dining room and library will befoLnd a noble pedestal sideboard in Spanish mahogany with brilliant slivered plate-glass back in carved frame to matcb, set of Spanish mahogany dining tables of superor manufacture, suite of Spanish mazhogany chairs sumptuously stuffed and covered in morocco leather on casters, side table and dinner waggon, chimney clocks in black marble and bronze stands, pair of bronze figmue candelabra and Maarly horses, four elegant dwarf-wmged bookeases glazed with plate glass, escretoie, davenport, library and other tables capital Brussels and Turkey carpets, rich window draperies, Jc., also a quantity of richly engraved glass, handsome dinner and china dessert and tea servioes; in the entrance haU and staircases are a pair of carved hal chaim And bench, adeeatBruissels and tapestry car- tbireofu2uitureb thebasement and culinary items are of the utL * escription and in excellent condition. On view the Monday and Tuesday preceding the sato. Catalogues will bebready 10 days prior to the sale, and may be had, at la,each, at the offices of theauctionees. lOT, Kig'-oad, Brighte. The 'Upholduers Arms, Poland-street, Oxford-street, near to the Princ0ess's Theatre adthe Pantheon. '1JR. DANIEL ORONIN will SELL by AUCTION-, .ALat Gairaway's, or.Thuraday. Marcli 27. at 12,the LES,for 20 years of the aboTe excellent pRtopEITY, at the lo eito 5 Per anum. The)aternisearein end replwr ,undsituateto command a resectable 2 prftberde. May be viewed; snd particulars had'uPOn the Premlises;. at Garrway's ; at the Cown-exchange Coffeehouse Mark-lane; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomsbury-squar. Twnhigly mprvaLe FreeTaverns, Pubic-houses and Wine-vaults, OewMetopoltanCatle Mrket and Wesft Smithfiekl, without the 1~2~R DA IEL RONIN- is ixsdtruted by the As- JJE sineeof r. illamJohnson, to SELL by AUCTION, aLt Garrways, nThrad ,Mreh27 at IZ, in two lots, the LEASE withposessin, f te ?A B I1~,situate at the north-west quarter of th new arket heldfrom th ct,by c toniary lease, for a term of oe yer. rom idsumer 185. a the rent of £392 128. per anLnum. Alanthoe cpita prmiss th GergeInn situate in the bes, parto West mithield,heldfor a term of years from Lady-day 1IS6 at the rent of X1I IaThe respective preissmay be viewed 10 day. prior to the sale, and particulars obtained therein * also at Garraway's ; of Means. Ashurst, Son, and Morris, solicitors 6. Old Jewr7y ; of H. I. Cannan, Req., omfcial assIgnee, 18, Aldernanbury; and of the auctioneer. 42, Bloomsbury.square. TheStafor, frstclas Pbli-hoseand Wine and Spirit Establiehment Hro-ed Paddington,adonn to the Railway-bridge, westiju - I.Trm 67 years et£0 ~R. DA iE CRONIN i instructed to SELL by LV AUCTO, at Ga awas'%,ntjhursday Mfarch 27. at 12, the very valuable LAE and GOOD)WL inrAf)EW of the above truly execelent HOUSE,whichiat sall times must command at least a trade of the great, magnitude whichL Is aLt present attached to it. and which, for extent and profits, is scarcly, equalled by -that of any ether house within a consderble distance. The thoroughfare the densely crowded neigbouhoo, te asene o an efecte oDmpetitionj or the prospectof ny, he emakabl cofortbleandsuperior constructioni of thepreise ar al feturs i anestmat ofthe value of this property whih ae sggetedwih mch onfdene.The house mnay be viewea one eekbefre he f sle,andpsricnaramay be procured then, als atGarawa's o esrs.Newon,h-ae,and Newbon. solicitors Wardobe lae, octrs"onuons; adoftheauctioneer, 42, Blooms- The Grapes Wine-vaut,c eroDk-set and Gray-street, Man- - cester-square-a mee uneial ituation. 71[.DANIEL CRONINi directed to SELL by N IV AUTION, at Garmawa'so Monday, March 31, at 12, the valuable LEASE and GOOD W114 wth Possession heldfora term of 16 yerar at aslow rent of the above attrnctiv-e ana substantial PROPERTY. Itis in g~oo order, and in the cenitre of a densely populated neighbourhood, and snider any circumstances must maintain the Preeminence in the trade of this localityif managed with adequate activity andattnton.Maybevieed newee prorto the sale,ad particulrs ad;als atGarawa~a t te Cw Echange Cffeehouse Eligile Lesehol Invetmens, St Jame's-sqare;and a 'aptal IIr.DANIEL CRONIN is instruicted by the Exe- cutors of the late Mr. James lane to SELL by AUCTION, at Grwa',on Wednesday, March 26 at 12, In four lots, THREE gupeelerRESIDNCES,being Non. 4, 5, and S, Challes-street, St. Ja mes's-square, two of them rebuilt by the testator, held on lease for upwards of 30 yars, ad producing the three respectve net imProved rents of £72 1I5. 516 LO and £62 l6s. Also the capital Property known as Gree;iM arm,' well situate at Harlesden-green, Harrowread, with two nestavlla residences, farm yard, outbuildings, Ac., having three coplete frontages on the high road, about four miles from town ;held onleawefor 26 years, at tbeannual rent of £5. sublet on lease to produce the net annual inproved income of £90. The whole sissy be. viewed by leave of the respective tem nts ; the farm, by applicants with cards from the auctioneer. Particulars miay be had at Getra,way's ; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomsbury-sqluare. Freehold Estate.-HIgh Laver, near Harlow, Essex. lIf.DANIEL CRONIN WillSELL by AUCTION, ±YJt. Garrway's, on Wednesday, March 26, at 12, a very eligible XIREEHOLD ESTATE, consisting of a neat double cottage residence with inmmediate possession, with garden out-buildings, forecourt. &c., and two other cotLVe and blacksmnith's shop ; the whole pleasantly situate, and being at 151gb Layer. in the county of Essex, at the juiction of two prinicipal roads. The smaller buildings are let to good tenants, at yearly rents amounting to £15 per annum ; and the double cottage Is suitable for the occupation of one or two families. The whole in excellent repair. land-tax Os.per annum. MSay bedvewed, and particulars had oni the premises'- of Mdesss. Ford and Lloyd, solicitors 5, Bloomsbury-square; at ihec Cow Exchange Coffeehouse, Mark-lane ; at the principal inns at Hlarlow, Clare,Oongar.Sudbury, and Epping; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomsbury-square, London. No. 2, Alpha-street, near the Shard Arms, Old Rent-road&-To Carpenters, Btuiders, and others. 1LIT. PEAKE is directed by the Proprietor who is lYL elinquithlng the busines, to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises &as above, THIS DAY, March 20, at 12, 1,590 dr elaa zouned DEAS Planks, and Battens, sawn and unsawn, 15 loads plas. terers' laths, 2,000 fir poles quantity of Honduras miahogany, prepared flooring andLmatchrg oork pests, erection of saw pits, heds, and workshops, three ladders, and a variety of useful effects. May be viewed the day prviu to the sale; and catalogues obtained at Mlr. Peake's offices 48=ooe-stret, Southwak. To Timber Merchants, Dealyar-keepers, and otbers.-Ro. 2, Alpha- street, near thbe Shr Ams, Old Kent-read. 1I .PEAXE will offer for SALE by AUCTON, .LLt. 2 o'clock, precisely, on the day of tle sae of the above-men. tioned stock, the desimbleLE FAS of these PREMISES at amnoderate rental; including the Goodwil of the Business, where a'lucrative trade has been carried on for upwards of 20 years; the ProPrietor relinq,iil%the business, aving aceireda competenacy. £urtherparticulasshadat r. eak's Ifies 44 Tooley-street. bouthwark-To Builders, Slaters, Carpenters, Buiding Material Dealers, and othcrs. by PA IEX is favoured with instructions to SELL y ION1 on the Premises, Fashion-street, Dockhead, on Thursday, Marc'h ~i, at 1.2, without the least reserve, 60 tons of SLATS. prinesss, dchese~ ounesse,) c., also a quantity of looe bildng ateial, cmprsin dors ndframes, sashes, quarteriagroaogay sop ron, ad suttrs.joits,quantity deal beards, Twenty-six. rlets of Freehold Land, with good -building fro~ntage of 25 feetby 150 feet deep, at Stmtford, close to the stations of the Eastem oDanties and Woodiford Railways R.j MO0ORE wil SELL by AUCTION at the Mt.THIS DAY, March 20, at .12. in lots, W NTjSy P'LOTS of BUILDING GROUND, eligibly situate or, a dry gravell soi, wth ronage to!.eton Chbba's,andChandos roads, all contigous wihin10 intes wak o Statfrdand Leytonstone, -in a locaitywhee thre s agrea deandfordwelisg-houses and cottage. Paticuars f Meses.Mado andWyatt, sohlctors, 30, Clemeut-lae, ombad-sree; CatleTavrn,Angel-lane, near the land; Inn a Statord a d a te actoner' ofics,Mile-end-road. Hloxton, City of London, and Spitaflfelds.-aubeFehlEtt, giving votes for Middlesex. let on leas.adprdcn a netreta of £285 per annum.Particularly adaptdorhesf investment of capital, 14.MO ORE wil SELL by AUCT]ION, at the JJ.Mairt, THaS DAY, March 20. at 12, the ESTATES of the late Robert Mutter, Esq., by order of the Court of Chancery, in sIolts, comprising 1S dwelling-houses, in Glocestr-row. Gloeeter-street, Hoxten, let at;£49 Is., underlet at abut £182 ; a house and shop, 47 WVhitecroasg-street, Cripplegate ; seven houces,iHafMo-lead Chapel-street,and apapersstne:eisactoryinthe rear, all nearly adjoin- ing,let at £W is, underlet at about £153; an eight-seemed house.,with -ard and two stables, in ChaPel-street; and nine smallhouses in Half gdoon-oourt, Whitecroes-screet, let at~ £20, underlet at about £9148 ; a double-fronted house and shop, 9, Nag's Head-court, Graochurchstreet, let at.652 10s.; a house and shop, No. 10, adjoining, let at £60 and fivendweillin-oss, n uesrei no-te t,Sstwold-wide,Ic at£6is,udeiretd tabu £17.n esriti e parts. swthcn diinso ale may bU edotanedsof Mesrsl .2Sunlesandprombble,solciors 1, Abehunego-latine; Methat Foxa and Son, reslidersn40 SIn %-It porico nd blronery plktegraw, andC winowos, 1,nBdfmord-m decorations.TetionseMart;ande tat teh lbautoe r'sofie,aMl-nd-dun rtichmondthel immanediatr,elyefacngth Terace, withois worpld-wide admirtedfs viewor and n ar te engtrane te panrk.nra w domth porticean baconsies,o plate-glaess,andbwindows, andoms,gode of te fist leer andt~hro ae eiht dedr,sandbote onftheatw dometic ffies. onsst o hosekepers an d bte' om, o T~hiadeihifll SuresReidence sih dan anduaGrwoulds,i thveoceauationl icnitcompdsrGraler;,Vting h ucae tisacwpyerld,of Richmored Metanor,bect tv traifling uit retaindsu finesin dat orw aleustieawl ofheriEghTo bStatowed inteordeds tobparticulaors,wt AcondtiRons.o sale,tomayfbeIhad of-Win.sDay,DSEel.attQeen-sret,o May-fsir, sorlctr at the Mart; and TATZMe.Ui baeonts acnitiongand agncyn ugham-hdei,Srabes-AFehl Residence and Grounds, wihcmoinoth beau- rail,sabig,cwyayroman vtarious, within deacfew mfinueRs walke garthen Eghardnrstaton,inendedminga copveniedtbeforeance-otRae.s.r latng tormaton,ornameteM altimer ndoplIanttatiosgvn t anpark Apil 2 thpearaneEad oLDmSaTdigi Meveylircts.ionsitestingeo and unGreaualydir abdeoP,st;ide IandoGrounds,rw theithcom dioscoach hoss,saling, wasyarl andro vyarious ontherdetache foffices.gwalle rttounde to abeoup18aes of Asupeoo maeado Aland,i eiurtsielytsundulike appearane,an cand nding iand ever diruaeca-Tionpextensv andina- loam with conditions, may be bad at the White Hart Hotel, Windsor; Catherine Wheel, Eghaza; Bush Hotel, Statunes ; Swan Inn, Chertsey;, oi Messrs. Lindsay and Mason, S-, Basinghiall-street, solicitors; at the Mart; and at Mir. John Dawseon's land and aLgency offices, Kingstonon-Thames, and Marlborough-chamnbers 49, Pail-mall. Leadenball-street.-Household and Office Fumniture. fine-toned 6Q- octave Cottage Pianoforte, "c SITRAV wll ELLbyAUCTION at his ms,,Ladehal-tret,THI DY,at 12, HOUWEHOLD SWloze, ndo kiatchn;also ms ofiroefSanitdem inca poued estind othe Re writng als Warton Merso Warpatentlitogrppitingmaychine,gntle- and GALSORTHY, at the Cellars 18, Duk-e-street, Grosvenorsquare on Wednesday, March 26, at 12, without the least reserve, LLteRemaining Stoeck in Trade of the above A highly repetble firm ; couin rsig 500 dozen of very fine Port ineludingseve binsveryoldin ane d all ofthemo.prvd vintages, and selectedwuith greatest'lretaLoOoz fist clam Sherries and choice old spirits, f equal hbaracter. All the wines arcfirom Sandeman andCLo.'s house. This stock-cannot betoo highly recommended, eIther to the trade or gentlemen wishing to replenish their cellars. Also the trade utensils, office fixtures, lamps, wine baskets, kc. Catalogues had at the cellars and of the auctioneers, 28. Regent-street. Samples of the winces may be obtained on application at the cellars. Twickenham. MR. ABRAHAMS will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, on Monday and Tuesday, the 24th and 25th of March, at 12 each day, by order of the Proprietor, the STOOK of a SMsilT1 and IRONMONGER: comprising several tons of new and old iron, large quantity of smithEs toolsa seven sets of stocls and dies, tvwo large iron pilasters, gates and fencing, four anvils, a mandrill, a bolster, sevenpairs largevice, stovesand ittings,iron wire, quantity of chain, several coppers, copper and iron pipe, gas fittings, washing apparatus, tinmian's tools, a quantity of nas, screaWs, pewter, copper. and lead, leeks, kes, bolts, hinges,weighing machine, scales and weights, *nd theremaining stock of a furnishing ironmuonger. Maybe viewe d the morango0f sale, and catalogues had of Mr. A brahams, auctioneer and valuer, Twickenbam,B The premises to beolet on lease. No. 18, Park-lane.-The valuable leasehold Residence and Stabling, held at a ground rent, and let on lease to Sir Thomas Edward Colebrooke, Bert., at the vervlow rent of £400 per annum. ESSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS are 1x directed by the Trnstees under the wlll of John Robins, 1sq., deceased,to SEL by AUCTION, at Garravw's,on Thursday,A pril17, at 32. the LEASBEOLD TOWN RESIDENKC fashionably situate, No. 18, Park-lane, overlooking the pleasure grounds near Apeloy-house. The residence was dengned by Sir John Soane, and built in the most substantial manner, and has been judiciously impreved by the present tenant, whore term expires in 1858, when a considerable increase in the rent may fairly be anticipated. The property isheldfor 61 years from 1811, at a groand rent. Printed particularemay be obtained of Messrs. Blake, Tylee, and Tylee, solicitors. BEsex-street, Strand,; and of Messrs. Rushweorth and Jarevs, Saville-row, Regent-street, and 19, Changealley, Cornhill., This Day, at the Auction Mart,-Leseholds in itt. Marylebone and Pa'ddinglon. 1'IESSRS. LOCKWOOD give notice, that their SALE of the above PROPERTY will take place THIS DAY tThursday at the Auction Marl, in the following order, at 1 puzctuawl:- Lot L Not 14 and 15, Salisbury-mews, St. Marylebone-Tenements and Workshops; held for about 40 years, at £S 5s. ground rent, and let on lease to good tenants at£:l0 per annum. 2. No. 230, Maide-vsae, Paddington-a genteel private Residence held for about 35 years at £8 ground rent, and let on lease at £55. 3. Noe. 3 and 4, Duke-me3s, Lisson-grove, St. Narylebone--range of 8tabNog and Tenement; heldafor 59years,at £9 ground rent annual value £52. 4£ No.7ff, Hampden-aireet, Harrowv-road, Paddingino; heldfor about 83 years, at £'i ground rent, and let at £S30 per annum, o.N.7,Empden-street; heldIfor80 years. at £5 grend rent, and let at £30 per annum, 6. No. 79, Weetbourne-park Villas, Paddington-genteel private Besidenoc, held for about 80 years, at £10 ground rent, and let at £35, worth rW perannum. 7. No. SI, Wresiboume-park Villas; held for 83 years, at £18, and let Partca rs may be obtained at the Mart Of Messr Hird and Son, Portland-chambers, Great Ll;tchfleld-street: of MTessrs. Carlnn andi Eaynee, Palace-chambers, St. James's-street: Mesr Bickxiell, Connaught-terrace; and at the auctIoneers' offices, 1, Burwood-plwa, Hryds-park, and 44, Upper Baher-street, Pall ML-Brilliarst Diamond Ornamenits, three boxes or Silrer- mnounted Pips Watchss,Thte. Decorative 7umnitme, k,_ _JESSRS. FO'STER Id SON wl ELb TQ iX TION, at the Gallery, 5, Pall-maf~Wll, THSEDAY bya -ch2 a 12 for 2, by direction of the Executtors, a BRILIANT machROSS atd PAR f -RINCS, loose brillian"s' a watch, hi,ad el(e with btliante), *thertainketa and rings, L eercoChre,anded plae, it digh, tea kettle, te* Service, salvers, watches, lactre,&c.Wre a bookcase (daIgned by prgini, a eoiobronnegupoeka;Xredo& for a tenset), apa,ir of m!osacabinets,buld!rAtv,xe_ bl, in wetwo,ad some curious specmens of ealyv Pottery. On view twoen dayprir,and iLaioguesbhadof Messr.Fostesr,54, Pall.mall. Gilocester.terrsce, 34de-prk.-Furrnlture, 600 ounces of P'late, Plate Article& Btooks, anid Effects of the late Robert Gore, Esq. 1IISSRS. FOSTER and SONW will SELL bY AUCME,LTON, on the Premilses, 10, Glocester-tersace, THIS DAY, March 20 at!I by direction of the Executors, rosewood and mahogany FUlIIIi: ncluding bedsed,wardrobes drawing and dmning room chairs and tableB,s, ~wmingbookcase, Turlesy anld Brwussl carpets, 460 vols. ofrbooks. 600 ounces of plate, in a tea service, coffee-pot, lour esstrGe dishes and ooyers, a bread basket, spoonm forks, &c., a set of six handsome Sheffield-plated dish covers, sallvers, waitecm a pair of large old Japanese China jars, Chinese soap-stone carvings, and miscellaneous effects. May be viewed the day pnor. Catalogues on the premiises; of Messrs Boyle, Bryden, and Co., 10, Albion-place, Hydepark; and of Messrs istersan Son, 54, Pall-msall. Bisbopsgate-street 58hut o. 5819, 0 n 1 JESSRS. FOSTER an ON are drce oSL LVIby AUCTION, at the Maton Tuesday, Apri 5 t1.i n lot. one undivided TENTHT-PAItl or SHARE in andtFORsb stantial FIREEHOLD) DWELLLING_HOUSES, with sosadbc premiises being Nos. 58, 59. 60, and 61, Bishopseesre ihu of the estimasted annual valne of £40. Particlr a ehd1 days beore thc1e&sl t the Mart; 00. Dodd. Eq,slctr 6 e rodstreet, city; and of Messrs. F'oster. 54. al-ai Freehold round Rens. 1IJrSSR. FSTERandSONwil SELL by AUCL!ITIN, t he ar. i My, rRESILDGROUN.D RENTS, amouning t £607per nnum,abundntlysecured on fiest-class io pery,onth Hde-ar etae.Pariclas rePreparing.-Ke &ll To Lincdae rsn kiecr,and Sip~pers. 1i,R. ALTR URTN wllSELL by AUC. To Hoslers Glovems Sbirt-nakes and uftes T)e ImeON,LatehiRooms Broat hidwa.Ldaehl,o hrdy Pigi-tree, fwcin stLe;d collndsitnofiemn'adwm sho, LR. ALBERT KING ll yAUTO LU. with the concurrence of the Mrgge tGraa'.TL DAY, the 20th inst., at 12, FOUR ~ne1RSDNE,alet e spectable tenants, at rents amoutn to£1praum Paicar of Mr. Kelly,!3, New-inn, Strand: picplin nlclt:ada city auction offices, 25. College-hll,Cna-tet To Iron and Brass Founiders, Engineers,SmtsBude,anone, Le-wishatn, )F.ALBERT KIN'G wil SELL by AUCTION, at IIGarraway's, THIS DAY, March 20. aLt 12 forl1, without the slightest reserve, the ROEBUCK FOUNDILY, Isiwishian, Kent. fitted with new steam engine fby Blackburne), four-horse power, boilers, forges, lathes, grindstones, and tools of every kind necessary for carryin nthe important trade of founding; it also off ers great advantage tobuilders to make the premises sawing mills. The foundry is held at the extreme low rent of £9 a year. Particulars and conditions of sae of G. R. Jaquet. Esq., 9, New-inn, Strand ; at the inns in the locality ; Angel, Islsngton; at Garrways; and of the auctioneer, 25, Collegehill Cannon-street. Valuable Freehold Bauiding Frontages, landE -txrdeemed,Ber- mnondsey, Surrey, being the Second Portion of the Abbey House Estate. l~R. IMAIPHREYS wil SELL by AUCTION~, at Garraway's, on Monday, April 7, at 12, by order of the surviving Executor of the late Air. George Stevens, in five lois, valuable BUILDInG PLOTS, in Great Russell-street. Riley-street, Stevens-street, and Brook-street. Bermrondsey. each containLing from 105 to 156 feet frontage, ad aeasoffro 61 to180yads upeficalParticulars and a hadf Mr Josph Fnton theexecutor, 15, Riley-street, Mr. hilips colecor o te estate, 166, Bermondsey- Eligible Freehsold Dweln-os, land-tax redeemnW.-]te,r_mond_,ey, Sjuirey. 1IR. IHUMPHREYS will SELL by public AUC.LYLTION. onx Monday, April 7, at 12, at Gazraway's (by order of the surviving Executor of the late Mr. George Stevens.), in separate lots, 22 newlybuilt DWELL,ING-HOUSES, with yards and washliouses, in Brook-rstreet and Stevens-street. Bemnondrey, near the Old Church - let at £61 er anum in ontly ad oherrentals. Particulars 'and To Builders, Contractors, Saw MillPropritr, an-dother requrn large Preraises in thebheart of London. AIESRS.DAVIS and VIGERS are instructed by Mr. Samel Grinmadell, upon his retirement firom business to SELL, by AUCTION, on the Premises, on M1onday, April 14, at 1,2 for 1 o'clock (unless previously dispsedof by private contract) the LISASE of his extensive ESTAB3LISHMET, in Bell-lane, Spltalfelds, with immdiate posaso to the purchaser. The buildings are for thermost pstel ulandof fire-prof constructin, and they comprisecar-. penters' shops, affording bench rom for imon, mill rooms,engine- ou~se Th%'s bop1 numerous stores plumbers', painters?,w whees, pndm,hssotabbUg for14 horses andloose box,capital range of counting-bhunses, residence for foreman, kr., and withL a large ya6rd occupy awedl-enclosed area of 21,000 suefcal feet. and with piremises adjoining. let to Mr. Grgry at £531 Is pIEr annuma, are held by lease for 31 years from MiAeVnsa last. at £10Per annuim, free from land tax, which is paid by the lessor. To be viewed byecards,tobeobltained of Messms.lDavis andVi2gemr.Particulars andoconditions of saema be had of BR S. Clarke, Esq., Bisbop egatcurebrd of Mesr."Wr rington and Beetson, New City-cabes Bisopgate; on the premises ; and at the auctioneers offices,! F,rederick's-place, Old Jesoy. Second Portton.-To Retail Timber Merchante) Contractors, Build.m, Saw IMillPropnietors, andLot iem. lIuISSRS. DAVIS and VIG~ERS are instructed by Mr. Samuel Gaimadel ton bis retiring fromn business) to SELL by AUCTION, on thePrms. Bell-lane, Spitaldields on Monday, Aprill4, adfoowmllov days, at 12 for 1, without resere, the SECOND PR8JTION of his Weliseasoed and.vatuable STOCK and PLANT as a builderanudecoutactor, comprising 2D.060 feet of Spanish and Hon- duras miahogany, cut from two to five rears ; long Dutch crown Riga timber, thoroughly seasoned, first quality. picked; yellow WyNburg prepae dorbttn,an age and useful assrtment of dry cut stuf; stock of iroumongery, wrought-iron box girders anid cast-iron. coliumns, anvils, vices, and smiths' tools, valuable screw tackle, one dozen sets of iron sheave blocks ; plate, crown, and other glass, sheet andipipe lead, colours, oil, turps, cans, implements and fittings of plumnbers', painters', glaziers', and plasterers-' shops; 50 carpenters' work benches, iron cramps togther with numerous items of valuable and usefulprpty formiagtbe stock and fittings of a large and well regulated buildMer.'segtablisbrment. To be viewedL two days before ana moming of sale. Catalogues to be had on the premises; of Messrs. Warrington and Beateon, Newv City-chambers, Bishopegate; and atthe akuctioneer's ofices,3. Frederickes-place, Old Jcwry. Turke apt n us MESS. SILUIkNandSPECE WiM SELL by AOrIO, attheAucton Roms,21,Old Bond-street THI DY,Mach 0t, t , TENY-NETURKEY CR To Irenmasters and others.-Imprtaut Sae of Freehold Ironwo7kb Iand Plarnt, at Greet's-green, West Browi C-LBy Mr. THOMAS DANXS, at the Dudley's Arms Hotel, in Dudley, on Monday, the 14th day of April, at 5 for 6 in the afternoon, (mubject to suchi conditions as wil be then produced,) by order of the Trustees of Mir. Thomas Payne, A LL thbat valuable Freeholdl Property, called the 13_the Staffordshire Ironworks, situate at Greet's-green, in the parish of West Blromwich, Staffordshire. Full partmiclars may beoh tained on applcation to Henry Corser, Esq., solicitor Stourbridge- G.I Js.bet, Es - - eaers. Gem,. Docker, anid iSutton, and 'W. Cottrell, Fsq., solicitors, Birmingham : or to the auctioneer, Duidley. On View This Day.-HouseholdEffects of alady leaving her resilence; remaoved from Clapbam, Grand and Square Pianos, and a Cottage mn rosewood, all of full compass, Engravings, Clocks, and Decorative Foreign Furniture. Th SR.BU-LLOCK will SELL, at their great A ft Ros. 21,Hih Holborn, on Saturday next, at 12, capital HOUSEHOLD FUNITURE, large glasses, elegant drawn roo tables and chairs in walnut andL rosewood, 5 ft. 6 hin. commode waith glre back, velvet pile, tapestry, and Turkey carpets, dinner tables, 12 hadsome chairs inmorocoo Azablan,four-post, and French bedsteads andbedding wingedwarroe,chevmal lss, marble waetstands, lbrary bookcases, glass china, and otherfurntishingrequisites. Maybedvewed, and catalogues had. In re Gauntlett and idvings Banleruptcy.-The Stock in Trade of a IAme, Cement ad Stone DrainPipe Merchant. EDWARD OILEY WMl SELL by A-UCW I. O, by order of the Assignees on the Premises, Devon. shire Wharf, Camden-town, THIS DAY. Mareh 20. at 12 for I, the STOCK in TRADE of aLIKE and CEMENTM CERCANT, of aboul. 500sacks of ground liasalime, 500 sacksofRoman and Portland cement, plaster of Paris, kr., glazed stone drain pipes, junctions, and bends, plaster chimnney pieces, p lan and ornamental chimney pots, anid a variety ofuseful stok. iayvb viewed,. and cataogues had onthe premises, of T A, Tibbetts,_eq, solicitor 1, Pleld-court, Gray's-inn; of P. W. hawards, F.sq., official assfigee, §ambrook-court. Bazirighall. street ; and at M1r. FAward Lumley's offices, 67, Chancery-lane. No. 14!, Aldersgate-street.-In re John Hlsocl-, Bootand 15lice Factor of Brooke-street, Holborn a bankrupt. A'L.JOHNSON will SELL by AUCTION, TIR his Roms, 14!. Aldersgate-siret on Wednesday, arch 20, at 12, all the STOCK in TRADE of the a'bove-named bakrVt, and some other Effects; comprising 9,00O pairs of men's, women s, and children's boots and shoes; also in leather and shoce mnercery, 40 stout cropbuts, 5 ct. d pbuts, ordvanandrusset offal, 110 dos. boot frots,610pai blche upem,160doz ca idds, enamelled skins, roan andbasls, 0 pecescasmereandshe ,,um 28barrelsAreneri ture Mabe iewd te da beoreandmoringof sale; and catalogus hd o - tophr, eq. soicitr, heaeid; and of the auc- St. John's-wood.-Excdllent modernFumnitu\s, Plane, Wine,Liry of Books, Singl Brougham, Dog CartrPhaeton, Pair ofBayvGeldings, about 15 hands,and a6veiy powertul Black Cob, remarkably quiet. and a Plted Djouble and Single Sets of Harness, by order of. the Executors of Thomas Wethered, REsq., deceased. MESSRS. W. KING and Co. areinstracted to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, the Cottage, Queen's-terrace. Fmscbley-road, THIS DAY. March 20, at12 precisel,(hsaeavn beenremoved fremNlo. 8.Welliugton-roa,ocnvnee 1sl)th whale of the FURNVITURE, compnsingrwmromsieMnosw and walnut ofchairs, easy chairs chefflons,oad other tables chimney glasses in carvedi and gilt framres, a 6 cottage pianroforte, in roswood case, dfining room suite Mn maogany, comriin din,in tables, sideboard, chais, couches, and easy car,plate and plalat goods, handsome wiged bookcase. 1,000 volumes of standard works. a fewpaitins nd rdb enraing, Busslsand other carpets, a sm-n celar f wne th chmbe funitre onsstsof four-post, -4rabian, iron an oter edsead, hddin, arbe-tp wahshtands, andl dressingabls, hovl ad oilt gasss, innr,dessrt. and tea services, andtheusal itlse rquiits, ndgarenroller. May be viewed day rio an monin ofsal, Ctalgue ha onthepremises ; and Netting-hill.-Handsome, mahogany WiVnged Wardrobse, Arabian and four-post Bedsteads, Drawing Room Suite in WValnut-tree, Pair of Cabinets, Telescope Dining Table, 12 and two Easy Chairs audCouch coveredI in morocco, 6Q-oetavo Cabinet Piano by Stoddart. _W_ i SL b lCTO,on the for 1, the MO kL UllUEand EFFECTS; comprising mnahogany Aabian and four-post bedsteads with hangings, beds and bedding, marble-top waasbtarids and fittings, dres-sing tables cheval and toilet glasses, a capital S-feet winged wardrobe, chests of drawers carpets, chairs, and the usual bedroom appendages damwing roam sanie in walnut-tree wood, of conch, settee, indulging and other cbhaiseovered. in green and gold Parisian damnask pair of handsome cabinets, cheffonier with plate-glam back. centre and side tables 61-octave cabinet piano in rosewood case by Stoddart,lndian j ars, an". oarment4alitems, velet il capet ad rgs,muic too, antrbuy,what-not. maho- mringlmof ae, CamtaouresamaybehitwPad on ortirepre isets, and f th de liers, Oil Paintings and Engravings, 500 ounces of Plate, Plated Gooxds. China, Glass. hr. The House to beLet. MESSRS. WELSFORD and Co. huve received in- structions from the Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, 37, Glocester-sireet,Warwick-square, Belcravia, THIS DAY, the 20th instant, at 12 to the mainute, son acomunt of the number of lots, the very exoellent and superior FURLNITrURE ; comprising wardrobesi (some with plate-slam doors), maarble-top wasbstands and dressing tables, cheval and toilet gasses,drawers,four-post.Arabian, and other bedsteads, beds and keddng, carpe-ts, h.The drawing rooms are furaisbed with gret taste and cost, comprising a suite in walnut and rose- Jdd,cais eay hairs couches, loo and other tables bandome bubl cabinets, chandelers,noblechimney, console, and plerglasses. curt_ain hr., cottage J)lanofortes in walnut and rosewood carses. The dinin room of Spnish mahogany, sad comprises mahogn chis, Mehs nioble Stdebard.with plate-glass back, dinner wag yon. The moming room, bookcase, chairs, t%bles, hr. The entrance- sall and domestio offices, together with the servants' bed roomis, all complete, and the whole of the property, Messrs W. and C0o. meet respectinull solicit the attention of families furnishing. The oil pantings by the first, mnaster comPrise LandscapeandFigure, by VIckers ditto, by Itobbima ; Interior, by G. Dow ; Shipping, by v andervelda:- Portrait, be Gainaborough ; Dogs, by Armfeid; and a f ew others; a C uPital cellar of wine in Port and Sherry, hr. On view the day previous andI more ing of sale. Catalogues on the Premises: of A. 'Wirr-A,e Esq., sOlici-_ tor. 1w., Ralgball-street : and of the auctioneers 1e, Qujeen's-road, Baysiater, and 35, New Church-street . E,s%:crrxe,-rtue Notting-bill.-Handsome modern Furnitmrew Chinsand Glag, Books, M ET 'Tble 2ndBad Linen, and Effects, . .SS.PRICE And C LARK 'WMill SLL by AUCOTIN, at the ReieMNo. 6, KetsnWn-park Vj,near Nottrns ~ ~ . ovad i dMondaWttLCM lais e sute glss ~ehr.chimLWYE1.maes, extending dIi.ng l~sd camberppendaee wnge c airdrbe mahogany andwl 3te5dandbdeing therequiItesfor the Mah0gastc fics aukc. ay RIE anid CL K w-ill SELL bv three lts,by orderof the Executrsof the late Miss Frances A..Blsnd. TH-tEE suibstantial LE&SEHOLD RESIDENCES, undleniably situate in one of the begt localtites at the West end 0f te metropls being 1, 2, and 3, Lower Seymnour-street, Portesat-squre, _whicha beld for long terms,atmoderateground rents, at rentals smomitingto £e31 Per annum, offering an exestent opportunity for drest-.las lease. held investment. The premiises rasy be viewed byerisino h teniants, and particlars bad. 10 days Prior to the sal on of Jontrae Esq., 4, Hare-court, Temiple; at G-arrway's; and at Messrs. Frice and Clark's offies, 40, Chancery-lane. Capital Freehold Investmenrts, Ialington, Producing.+£171 per anntm. MIJESSRS. PRICE and CLARK have received IT.instructions from the Mortgagee to SELL by AUTI at Ganraway's, en Tuesday, Aril 15, at 1.2 for 1, i;n four lots, Taluable FREEHOLD) PROPERYP, viz. :-Two dwelling-houses, with shops convenient stabhng.wsPthlargeyardand good business premnises, situate intheRoman-roao.Barnsburyp-,ark; togetherwitha blacksanith's shop, dwelling-house. and excellent ranges of stabling for 50 horses with spacious yard, &e., situate in Dover-street. Roman-road. built In avery superiormanner, let upon lease at £65. The whole is freehbold, and produces arental of £171 perannum. The propertyinethis irpros-.ng neighbourhood is rapid! rising in value, and is recommended to tbo motice of capitaists. Mayi be vi-ewed by permission, and particu& had t10 days priortothe sae)of3Mesrs. Weall andBerkeley,soliit Temple-chambers Falcon-court, Fleet-street; at Garraway's;an Messrs. Price and Clark, 48. Chanoery-lane, Well-made modern Furniture and Effects, 3P GEO. ROBIN~SON will SELL, at his Roamsf J T2LOIldBond-street.onThursdlay, 3rfawl 27. at 12, FUEITIURZ Le,. which includes handsome mahogany four-post and ArabianL bedsteZselmad furniitureg, bedding, chest of drawers, winged and other wvardrobes, maLrble-top washsatnds and dressing tables, rosewood draw. ing room furniture, aS octave cabinet pianoforte by Broadwood and Son, crpes, urtins lenders and flre-irons, china. and glass, a few books, mniaiturem,and effects. May beTviewed the day prior,and catalogues had. ldonhlySaleof ictures and Drawings b oenAtss thee ~%4±~.UEO. R BINSO 's netSA ,wllak .LtL laceat hs Boms, 1. Old Bond-tet nTusa,Arl3, Armfield Covrie Morten Viclkers Buchanan Herring Shayer Vincent Chambers Houghton Solomon WVebb, &a. Water ColourDlraweingsby Barrett D., Cox Holland 7'. Taylor Bentley Harding Robins Tuck-er Cala Herbert Rowbotham Wright, e MEay be viewedl twro days prior and catalogues bad. ThLe Collection of.Pictures of James Clift, Esq, ofIElloomsbury-squrc-, who is retiring into the coDuntry. IVP.GEO.ROBLN'SON baa been instructed to Premnove and SELL., at his Rlooms, 21 Old Bond-street, on Thursday, Apri10. atl precisely, a COIiLEcTIMJ of PICTURES, formed during the last 40 years which includcsmany-srare andrAluable prrisparticularly a Charles by Vandyke, and works by the undermentionedartists. Guido Rubens Broge Kidd DomenichinD Coy 19n&le ShAyer Snydes IBrl Morlaud Arnafield &.110a, teLy Lance Calvert, . Miay be viewed two days prior, and catalogues had. To Taliwchandlers WTh. W DAY Jun., will SELL by AUCTION. ontthe Premises, I4 High-sret, Maidstone, Kent, THIS Diik (Thursday) March 20, the whole of the PLAINT of a TALLOWCHAIDLIt2 Catalogues may be obtained of the auctioneer, 23, Hfigh-street, Maidstone. ThuclerstdTar's Sale.-UibitSeond-ihtsdFrniture. FR. ED.Y GOSTER will SELL by AUCTION-, WAY the Premh,eat T2 clAn secndhusand , MarchT20 thanmdsome STOnK bedsTeAds f andTbedding cr- oofpsafs,-ight lustre and t arietygs maofuefu efiets. ow on view.lt fgo untue lyb iwa Th eebae Turk.c Exiito , Anihtsrwidge ,of,ca 11gnee PLAU has, received ianstgr-luctiosd toe SELL byee ofice S HalCTiONte,o thelPraemiseq,onrendy pi? adown day,ate 12, inouts, acr temviha substantFial Reddens e kiowe andPoeptalferties ofrteviul bo e-metine pubivat ootELbu Detasled - aduvertfise enshowillyppearinshewdnthemauntimo anderstaeoffleeg, 114,h& Slonane-treat, o thsofcs7.ak-tet rseo-qa Bo.165Sorsi-sreew, Ciolbora,-In BVieup. y MIREDSIT. w SELL by AUCTIOX,at4, inTTOCK of a TR'6 andLORA coMpoAi cl oth mp rimmngs,h mahngogny Batut,Rnd ofehers of theudesturoed tslaynb viewed, and atl~dakfare.Ctloguesm beAldntermubur, fcand assigUmnee comt Raeed, Fto. the Iroumongeir-ae;an nd thvie7auctioneer ofic,o. aIZ utn-ster-ae, elgEave-square.-uia adffts GreatdeBoofkhem ProrietorThe trul valuable and compate FreISolD ETustate of about 2D acres,o wit alth seubstntia HOesidne,OLn FUR hlidEld-ofse, surrounded byubeautifethl Gadenschiand grouns,lae goods abofew deir abnleP irOuERTY far SAne in dayenex, uw inltress ticol will e shotly pulishe in th meantimeordehato viwma tdheadupoaplaonne 1 atpe hims osctet,2P-tel, Groseno-sqare BulritdSedfodrs Ifromludi,-Row Vieew, JAI. C. SITEVN will SELL by AUCTION, a 5 3Y Bedfordrettow,mGrAy'sinn, stHISeDA. Moen-arche2, anSturda,th STOC ofst atIpeily PR ~ E IGHT Hand FROS2A ETR EEomrSing the Woel nimpotaion Lanue, Indiohesaf, h destroudig platesrandub popilular gnigctaniumrandseer o Heerrns ofyer Konight,M be; Tinewegaont git, mape,rndn oaf fraes, a ctatalogues maybda.nte rmss n at 9,Unioncour. (agntby the CAnssreadPovdn ifneOfe,to Old Broad-street.eus B MjR.L.R.RIWIS Wil SELL, byhi AUCToNs, 125- goods, afew oil aintings including an dgaln w inasVlorts and umerus uefultem. Ma be iewe an aetalogus hAd, ande of the auctioneer, 14, UpperhEirsp-street,;Pimlico Bev,ulsanSeeods fromindiae, RoeTesUe C. STEVEONS -wil SELL by AUCTION,'o M R56 geatRom,7, Kilng-street, Cxovetgrd-teneto ESatuday, mardcinst, at1 peisawely LAEGH Hfor E sprOSE TREESng wofkbethes bstasorts stndardns,s haf standards, andr doerful landes 10artea iron f pots,. and importaion fromundia inor uding t aiweing mahuie,ofancyou guigatreu,and SOert. of sewedsofcnies,aMaynbeoviewosaed ndth morninguof sale one ctalogenues band.o h icoer..Lietr LessadFrntr,anoeroe.odnsqae FCUmaEgeisi Fstuctdbr teAsi.et an NSSR PREMIER, witnlrg H Roo,SE itable fnsruapctued annu, a ortin ofthe ropety bing low inderat frore£lwharf ticuarsmaybe ad f te autioeer 2] Coema-steet cityatan 11F.BINGAHLEWI will SELL,b UCIN at his os,15 Roalofomnglan. wityte scaurtLece plte; LuaeyceTer'S DAXMiaqrtiso Chdeshre"Bl' Live ofnte Reths formcers,g wiath theirprticlpraits;iPon- Boye'ThsBoany ofThe iaaa Mountaiense s.em2a rof Pcypta Soiety Publcatons 71.pars ofdort'sb Arcrhiteturaloaherise by emis.ena faewros o uefl statone- y umap os, usefu. dmmn2''fLs SSR. . THaAndlSL byOASCTION atL his GBalleryN, a, Leeirest or-squre3,TOH ordstet EV near thursday, UMarh21. TTURo'iclckdBOn S praiant, forpaitigs carvedh and other frams, asnlywarig aparl, oot an shes, stck, roffurnishing ironongry,comrisng biles ad suceans,mat screens, craindle To Trnes.-aths, ool, Wrkbnchs, ond Wuantitay o andy ole Prmse,4, oad-street,ue fd Oxfoitrd-strefects,TI DAY,ve Marc 0,at 2, alarg Lthe,fo spneeiraln trncing, wosrkbechs sawng tols,nets rawrs,for pwefullahes lrge iro 2t y.JE wardroes sevm set of mhoganydrawer, marbe toDm-a-hog-aliy washstands, dressing tables, cheval and toilet glasses, and chamber reequisites, shower andl oter baths, set of extending dining tables, mahog-any couch, easy and dining room chairs covered in morocco leather, sidebonid,dirner waggons, Brussels and other carpets, fenders, fire irons, several sets of .-window curtains, noble chiimney and pier glases roewod o,ard soa,ches, nd ccsioale tablsnd swo woodsdavenpora6tthemonis nuto.-ThecHcabieto bracelet clokeby andglss,kthend Freqiitues,infr-. and misellneous Effects. Hyb W IUTO,at theiro;ado r. .Bkr ata hios oances 121, Leoironib-street, THIS EVENTIN'G, at 6, exeellent HOUSEHOLD FUTRNITURE and EFFECTS, vis., Arabian, four-post, French, tent, end iron bedsteads. hair and wool mattresses, goose feather bode and bedding, thesis of drawers, 'waashatands and dressing tables, leo. pembroke, card, and teloespe-frame dininig'tables sets of chairs, sofas, eouches andI easy chairs, pianofortes. carpts, glasses, eurtamns. cheffoniexs, together withi bed chamber and latchen requisites in abundance, be. The whole on view, and catalogues to be had at the roomsis No, 50. St. Paul's clsurchyard.-Two Days Sale' of capiital Ancient and Mtodemrn ictures of the Italian, DBitch, Flemish, aud English schools, i1R BARtNS will SELL by AUCTION, as above, MTHISDAY, March 20,. and Saturday. 22d, at I precIsely, anu aseblage of capital PICTURES, including a dine Landscape. by =obe the chef-d'euvr of the master; the Hawking Party. P. WVouverans;, the HToly Familys, A, del Sert-; an Interior, GI. I>uw, andl others by and alter- Turner Van den Dale Both C. Dolci Shayer Van Bree B3erghem C. Maratti Andrews Mieris Koeck-occk Vandyke On view, Catalgues&as bove. 'N.E. Mrousyadvanced to any amount on furniture, wines, pictures, plate, linen, Le,, for positive and immisdinte sale, Out-doorsals effected at 5percent. At Booth's Warehouse, 21, Budge-row, oni Tuesday, March 25. Rt ; of precisely, onrs& 7tn ~~Iwmck gin tens ~~byoe o five tons groud ohre for tns witelea, backandgreen pr int, aY I1~b viewd to dys rio. ad ctalgue ha onapplicaktion to Booth and
