DEATHS. On the 2d of Miarch. at Calcutta, of cholera. A. W. Deichmamn, Comarnder of the Ida Ziegler. second son of Major Deiahmann, Hanover, aged 25. On the 221 nlt., at his residenco, Park-road, Hampton-wick, Captain James Turton, Rt.N., aged 7 3. On the '27th TIt., at Wallop, Hants, JoshinaBrownjohn, Esq., aged 70. Oethe 311th unt., atherresidence, Apollo-buildings, Walworth, Sarah Movell. in her lId( year. . On the S7th ult., at the house of her sis-er Louisa, at Peckham, after four years' suffering from paralysis, Aim Grellet, the eldest child of thelate Mr. George Grellet, merch.ant, of Bush-lane, Cannon-street. On the Ist lunt., at Chathams, IL-.Elkanah Slatterie, aged 47, son of the L-te Rev. J. Slatterie. On the 1st ins't., at Egham. Surrey. after a lingering ilues, Emma. second daugnter of John Chitty Stevens. Esq., late of all, near Taruham. On theist inst., at No. 1, St. Vincent-street, Edinburgh, Miss Helen Alaria Arnott. On the Is: inst., Cecil, wvidlow of the late Richard Greaves To.vley, I:1q., of Fndbourn, Cambs., after a long illness. On the lst inst., at Woodppeen ViU, 2Newbury CGrace Ma-y. the wife of Colonel Fraser, Royal Artillery, aged SO, On the 1st inst., at N;o. 3, Peei-terrace. Southsea. Robert Fleming, the infant son of Dr. CuUen, R i., of aILS.. S finceint. On the 2d inst.. Major FredericW hite, of Aberiunant, NorthWales, aLnd late of the 90th Regiment. On Friday, the 2d inst., at the Rectory, Langton HIerring, near Wey3nouth., Hannah, relict of the Rev. Fred. J. C. Trenow. On ths °d inst., Eldv.:rd Alfred. third son of John Evan Tibbs, Esq. of Waterfall House, Mlerton-road, Surrey. On the 3d ins., aged 21, at Xilton-next-Gravesend, Rasa. second daughter of 3Mr. Wsn. Henry Flight, surgeon, formerly of I3itchar&. On the 3d iris.. at Hastings, in her 16th year, Clara Isabella, eldest 1auglater of W. G. Anderson, Esq., of Cavendish-road, St. Johl'-wvood. On the 3d inst., at Burlington-pilce, Old Kent road, after protracted snffeeing, EIarriet, wife of George TessLer.
IRELA.N. (1R0-IN OUR. Owx- CORRmSPAO'nrNT.) PROCMAMATION OP PACE. DUBIJT, SATURDlY MoxmnXG. As a mere pageant, the ceremonial of yesterday could not have disappointed the expectations of the sigetseers; indeed, as far as coMbined civil and military pomp could be pressed into the service, the display in the Irish metropolis was probably very far superior to the ceremonial in the capitalof the empire.- But this is the very utmost that can be said of the whole affair. In the dense crowcd which thronged the streets from 8 o'clock in the morning until late in the afternoon there could not be traced the slightest semblance of enthusiasm, and but little even of the spirit of fun which, upon fesftve occasions, sO pro-eminently distinguishes an Irish mob hken bent upon a chance day's amusement. The ubjoin.ed outline of the affair, condensed from the Evening Mail, is in all respects correct and impartial:- From an early hour this morning the troops forming the various guards for the barracks, the Castle, the Bank, cc., with detachments from all the cavalry re eats now in garrison, were drawn ap indoble line im the Esplanade in front of the Royal Barracks. At precisely a-quarter before 11 o'dlock his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, eecirted by the entire regiment of the 16th Lancers, arrived at the Esplanade, and was received with presented arms. On his Excellency taking up a position in front of the troops the bands of two militia regiments joined and defiled before him, to the air of ' The tight little Island.' His EIxcellency was mounted on a fine charger with magnificent housings. He was attired in the full uniform of a lordlieutenant of a county, and wore on his left breast the star of the Garter. From his neck, depending by a blue riband, wan the insignia of the Order of St. Patrick. When his Exccellency had inspected the troops drawrn up in the Esplanade a procession was formed of the cavalry, which proceeded at once to the Mansion-house, where the Lord liayor, the igh Sheriff, the Ulster King of Arms, the heralds, and the corporation were waiting to receive t+he Lord-Lieutennt. The Lord Mayor wrore bis robes of office, the High Sheriff his chain, the heralds the Windsor uniform, and the corporators their robes. The Ulster King of Anus was attired in a tabard of costly mnatefral and workmanship, and carried his sceptre. A few minutes previous to the arrival of the Lord Lieutenant in Dawson-street a carriage drove uo amid general cheering, and 31. de Burgraff, the FrenchConsul, accompanied by Captain de Mar, of the Artemise; Captain Pottier, of the Agle; and Enseigne de Groiniey, alighted and introduced his gallant countrymen to the Lord Mayor, who received them with distinguished courtesy. A place in the procession, mmediately contigaous to his Lordship's carriage, was appropriated to the representatives of our Imperial ally. On the arrival of his Excellency and suite at the Mansionhouse, a procession exactly in accordance with the published programme was formed, and marshaUed by Mr. Thomas eynolds, v-ho wore the full uniform of a Field-Marshalcoat, hat, feathers, and all-and carried the keys of the city at his saddle-towv, the brilliar-t co-tgse moved on through files of soldiers, and not overwhelming nor enthusiastic crowds, to the Castle. Here, in the Presence Chamber, all the judges, the Lord Chancelor, the Master of the Rolls, the Right Hon. Francis BLackburne, Colonel Larcom, Ic., were assembled to hear the proclamation read. Ulster with the heralds, and some members of the viceregal household ascended to the balcony, and, a call having been thrice sounded, Athlone Pursuivant commanded silence, and the Queen's Proclamation of Peace was read by Sir Bernard Burke, Ulster King of Arms. At the conclusion of the reading of it 'God Save the Queen! was shouted by some persons in the Castle-yard; hut itv as not until three or four attempts had been made that anything which by the greatest stretch of the imagination could be called a cheer was raised, and then the sighing of the December wind through the leafless branches of the trees would not be an inapt illustration of the murmunrings which greeted the herald of peace. The national anthem having been performed, the procession again moved forward by the prescribed route to Sackvillestreet, where, orposite the Post-office, the proclamation was again read by Ulster from his carriage, ' drawn by four white horses,' withaprecisely similarresult. Allthetroopsingarrison and a pretty large detachment of the Irish constabulary ere drawn up in Sackville-street, and vwere reviewed by the Lord-Lieutenant. After this part of the ceremonialhad been complied with, his Excellency seemed to have become wearied with the proceedings, and, accordingly, he left Jlster and his attendant heralds and the corporation to make the third proclamation at the Mansion-house, and proceeded homewasrds, attended by his suite. The third proclamation was m.ade with effects exactly corresponding with those of the first and second, only that the numbers at the Mansion-house, or its immediate neighbourhood, did not exceed 500, including a large body of the metropolitan police. And so terminatedthe pageantof the day." IONGFORD ECTIO-N. The High Sheriff has fixed Monday, the 13th of Mlay, for the nomination. Mr. Henry George Hughes, Q.C., has arrived in Longford, and has actually commenced his canvass. A local paper thus discusses the learned gentleman's claims on the constituency:- 4 "Be is, no doubt, unlike those of the Keogh and Sadleirite school, a gentleman of great legal talents, extensive practice, and antainted public reputation. He is possessed of large property (a portion of which is situated near Granard, in this county), and has amassed a large fortune by his practice and ability in the legal profession." The other probable candidates are the Hon. William Forbes, brother of the Earl of Granard; hIr. Thomas O'Hagan, Q.C. and chairman of Lon.gford; Ar. John Ennis; and, quite as a matter of course, 1Ir. John Reynolds. T DISARMAIENT. It is positively stated that orders have been issued for all English militia regiments in Ireland and alI Irish regiments in England to return to their respective counties. This seems to indicate the speedy disembodiment of the whole force. A wvriter in Saunders's Neir:detter of this morning says,- "'After great chan"es of opinion on the part of the military authorities and tre Govermment with the respect to the continuance of the militia, and after instructions which led to the conclusion that the force would be continued for at least another year, a peremptory order was issued to the colonels of militia in this country on Wednesday evening, apprizing them to be ready to proceed with their regiments to their respective counties, in order to be disembodied, and the colonels of the English regiments in this country have also been apprized that transports will be sent very Eoon to remove the men to the other side of the Channel. The notice, in point of fact, apprizes the regiments that they may cease to exist as a corps of soldiers after the lapse of 57 days. It is also stated, but no mention is made of this in the orders, that all the officers and men are to expect after disembodiment is 30 days' pay. ENCUMBERED ESTsTES COUr.T. The Cavan estates of Lieutenant-General Ecdward Fleming (petitioner as well as owner) were sold yesterday before Mr. Commissioner Hargreave. Irrespective of two lots disposed of by private contract, the property realized upwards of 51,0001. wILL OF TE LATE MS. SA5AH =Er. The contents of this document, so long and anxiously expected, have just been officially disclosed, the will having been duly proved in the Prerogative Court the day before yesterday. Subjoined is an abstract:- " Probate was taken out by Dr. Baily, of Rookwood, in the county of Roscommnon, who is one of the execntors. The property is sworn under 250,0001., but it is supposed to be under 226,0001. The subscribing witesses to the will are hfr. Wm. Dig'es La Tonche, Mr. Tisdall, of Yount-street, and Mr.Allen'esbitt, solicitor. The instrument, which is of a most voluminous nature, and which has evidently been pre7ared with great care and precision, bears date August, 1S54. There is no codicil, and in almost every instance the names of the legatees and the amount of the legaies are filled in in the handwriting of the testatrix herself. The will commences by stating that the testatrix has prepared the document with the greatest possible care, attention, and deliberation, and expresses in the strongest terms her anxious wish that there may be no ltigation with respect to it. She gives as her reason for expressing this wish that she keenly remembers the suiffering and trials to which she says she was subjected in proving the wiU of her husband, notwiithstanding that it wvas made with the utmost publicity, and that every precaution was taken to guard against disputes. She states that she, the object of Mr. Kelly's bounty and affection, was subjected to protracted litigation and persecution by disappointed relatives who had insulted and offended her husband in his lifetime, and that they were aided and assisted in their improper conduct by ' partial, prejudiced, corrupt, or incompetent and weak-minded judges.' She calls in the most emphatic manner upon all judges before whom the will might come to recognize it as her solemn and deliberate act, and to disbelieve al parties who might assert the contrary. The legacies are *very numerous, and are nearly all made to relatives, who are principally described as of Broadstairs, Kent. She bequeaths 10,0001. to her elder sister, Mrs. Strevens, wife of George Strevens, of Broadstairs, Kent. It is the son of those persons who has been committed to stand his trial for the mrder of Msi Kelly. In the case of each bequest there are numerous limitations over. Of the bequest of 10,0001. already mentioned, there are limitations over to George Strevens, the party in custody. Certain lands of Kiltown and other denominations, in the county of Roscommon, are demised to Dr. Baily and Mr. Robert Orr, in trust for Mr. George Stevens during his life, with power to him to will or assign. A sum of 30,000. is demised to snother sister of the testatrix, a Mrs. Cox, also of Broadstairs, Kent. 10,0001. is demised to her 'friend and agent, ChristopherWilliam Campion, whom she directs tobe dischargedfrom all debts he might owe to her at the time of her death. Her executors are also directed to band over to him such bills, notes, or any securities for money from him as might be found among her papers at her decease, and to satisfy all judgments, if any, in her name ainast him without calling on him for any payment in conideration thereof. He is demised her properties of Ballindesry and two other denominations in the county of West- d6th for his life, with all her plate, cattle, sheep, farming xtokof every descn«ption, furniture,&6c.(money, an securites for money, excepted), that might be in the residue or upon the lads of Ballnderry. Xhere is a bequeat of 10,0001. to a Mr. George Birch, of Broadairs XKent, with limitations over to George Birch, jun. A nm¶Ier of other nephews and zieces use mentioned for sums varyig from 10,0001. to 20,0001. It is believed that the residue will be very large. Dr. Bily, who is appointed residuary leatee, to whom there are several limitations over, gets by durqat bequest the Rookwocl, estate in the county of Roscominon."
DINNER AT THE -OYAL ACADEMY OF ARTS. The Royal Academy of Arts gave a sumptuous banquet on Saturday to inaugurate their 88th annual exhibition. These festivals are at all times peculiarly attractive. When Ministers of State, dignitaries of the church, the highest occupants of the judicial bench, the chiefs of our army and navy, the leading members of both branches of the Legis. lature, the most eminent representatives of science, litera;ture, and commerce, and celebrated men of every shade of political opinion, all meet together on the neutral ground of a love for art, and join in paying a common homage to the triumphs of its votaries, the spectacle presented cannot fail to prove eminently instructive and gratifying. But following so closely upon the proclamation of peace, under the benign influence of which the liberal arts best flourish, the brilliant gathering of Saturday last possessed features of more than wonted interest and fascination. TheExhibition was thrown opento theguests at 2o'clock, from which early hour numbers began to drop in, to avail themselves at their leisure of their enviable privilege. As 6 o'clock-the time appointed for commencing the banquetdrew near, the assemblage dispersed through the different saloons very perceptibly augmented, and groups of distinguished visitors were seen engaged in animated discussions on the uierits of the particular portions of the collection wbich most challenged their appreciation or provoked their criticism. The picture which, Perhaps, arrested the most general attention was Mr. Hunt's " Scapegoat," the scene of which is taken from Oosdoom, on the margin of the salt-incrusted shallows of the Dead Sea, and has the massive mountain ranges of Edom as the background. The power with which the artist has succeeded in conveyino on his canvas the awfulsense of desolation consonant with this fine Scripture subject was the theme of eloquent eulogy on the part of more than one member of the episcopal bench. The impression produced on otherbeholders by this striking work, however complimentary to the skill of the painter, did not repress the lively wit of a very distinguished legislator, who excited some merriment by his good-hurmoured bon mot-suggested by the recollections of a recent Parliamentary debate-that Mlr. Hunt's picture was an excellent portrait of Lord Stratford de Redeliffe. The Prie-Raphaelite production of the " Cavalier and the Eoundhead," by Mr. Burton, likewise attracted much notice, as did also Mr. Faed's " Home and the Homeless," while the '-HEighland Mary" of the latter artist elicited very general commendation. Thebanquet was held in the East room, which, when the guests had assembled, presented a spectacle of singular magnificence. The walls, covered with the choicest specimens of the most eminent Academicians, afforded to the cultivated eye an intellectual feast well calculated to divide attention with the material attractions of the festive board. The finest effect of all, however, was that produced when, at the signal of the Queen's health, the jets of a hundred gasburners suddenly poured their dazzhng blaze upon the astonished guests, revealing to perfection the pictorial beauties with which the resplendent apartment was so lavishly decorated, and offering a coup d'si1 in gorgeous grandeur wholly unique, and of which the Academicians may well be proud. The chair was occupied by Sir Charles Lock Eastlake, the president of the institution; and the company-in all little fewer than 200-comprised :-His ExceUency the Prussian Minister, Count Bermstorff, Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the Right Eon. H. Labouchere, Sir C.Wood, Lord Panmure,Visconnt Hardinge, the RightHon. Vernon Smith, theLordChief Justice of the Queen's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, the Lord Chief Baron, Sir J. Romilly, Sir A. Cockburn, Sir H. Bethel, the Earl of Aberdeen, Lord Londesborough, the Marqu of Lansdowne, Lord Ashburton, the Earl of Derby, the Marquis of Aylesbury, Earl Jersey, Earl Grey, the Bishop of Oxford, the Bishop of Lichfield, Lord Lttelton, Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, Lord Overstone, the Marquis of Northampton, LordDufferiu, Earl Stanhope, Lord Ravensworth, Earl Somers, Earl of Shelburne, lord Stanley, Earl of Westmorland, the Earl of Cawdor, the Earl of Carnarvon, Lord de Tabley, the Marquis of Westminster, the Chairmanof the East India Company, Chairman of the Board of Customs, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Cardwell, Mr. Gladstone, Mr. -Dssraeh, Mr. H. Drummond, the Mrarquis of Granbylord Goderich, M1r. C. Dickens, the Dean of St. PaulPs, Sir W. Erle, Governor of the Bank of England, Mr. A. J. B. Hope, Sir B. Hawes, Professor Faraday, M J. Forster, the Lord Mayor, SirER. Murchison, Professor Owen, Mr. A . HLayard, Sir B. L B. Lvtton, the Master of Dulwich College, President of the College of Physicians, President of the College of Surgeons, Captain Peel, Mr. Pa. nizzi, Colonel Sir H. Kawlinson, Sir E. Tennent, Mlr. B. H Bailey, Sir C. Barry, Mr. A. Cooper, Mr. T. Creswick, Mr W. Dyce, Mr. W. P. Frith, MIr. F. Grant, MIr. J. P. KSnight, MIr. C. R. Ieslie, Sir E. Landseer, Mr. C. Landacer, Mr. W. Muiready, Mr. D. Maclise, Mr. H. W. PickersgilU, MIr. D. Roberts, Sir W. Ross, Mr. C. Stan'ield, Sir R. WVestmacott, Mr. T. S. Coo per, &c. The cloth having been removed, and "Non Xobis Domino" sung by the vocalists, to new music composed by Mr. W. Dyce, R.A., The PRESIDENT rose and said,-My Lords and Gentle. men,-I have the honour to propose to you that toast which worthily inaugurates the festive meetings of Englishmen-I mean the health of Her Majesty the Queen, the gracous patron of this stitution. (Hear, hear.) Her Majesty has already honoured the exhibition with her presence, and, on the occasion of her visit, was pleased to express her satisfaction with the character and merit of the productions this year submitted for public inspection. Cheers.) I give you "the Health of Her Majesty the Queen." The toast was enthusiastically responded to. The PRESIDE?r,-I have now the honour to proNose "the Health of his Royal Highness Prince Albert, his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and the rest of the Royal Family. (Hear, hear.) His Royal Highness the Prince Consort was to have been present this day at the ceremony, fortunately postponed (fortunately, I mean, on account of the weather), of laying the first stone of the Wellington College at Sandhurst. The occasions have been frequent on which his Royal Hiighness has himself undertaken duties and public services of a similar description,-services which he performs so wiUingly and so weIL (Hear, hear.) On such occasions his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and the younger members of the Royal family are often present. In witnessing such ceremonies they learn that their exalted station involves important duties, and have at the same time the advantage of the mest admirable example for their performance. (Cheers.) The toast was duly honous ed. The PREsImDs r,-Thetoastlhavenow toproposeis "the Armyand Navy." connecting withthearmythe nameof the Commander in Chief, and with the navy that of Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons. (Hear, hear.) Two years ago it was the universal wish that the alied arms might win the best trophy of successful war-an honourable peace. That consummation has, under Providence, now been attained (hear, hear); and if England, strong in her armaments and in the spirit of her people, rose from the struggle rather warmed to the enterprise than tired of it, she is, I trust, not the less ready to welcome the blessings of peace, to cultivate the arts of peace, and to turn her attention and ambition to those glories the attainment of which peace can best promote. (Cheers.) Our present duty is to offer the expression of our admiration and gratitude to those warriors in both services from the highest to the lowest in rank, who have shown no less fortitude amid pri vation and suffering than intrepidity and valour in the field. I therefore propose to you "the Army and Navy." Viscount HT-RDIxGE,-It always affords me very great satisfaction to return thanks on behalf of the army for the honour conferred on them at these festivals. I can do so in this instance with peculiar pleasure, because only yesterday I received from the Crimea reports of the health and discipline of our troops, which prove them now to be in a condition as regards aU the great qualities which an army ought to possess that has never before been surpassed. (Hear, hear.) I am happy also to say that there exists between the Russian commander, General Liuders, and the alied generals, the best possible understanding. On a recent occasion the allied commanders requested General luders to do them the favour of inspecting their troops, when the whole Frencl army paraded before the Russian commander, with its pieces of ordnance, in the highest state of efficiency. I am not acquainted with the details of the event, as far as they relate to the French forces, and therefore do not presnme to pay a compliment to our galant allies; but, speaking of our own troops, I can assure this assembly that they are in the highest state of discipline ever known in a British army serving abroad. (Hear, hear.) I mention this not to renew recollections of the unhappy POsition of affairs at one period of the late war, but smply as a tribute of justice to that brave army, which, as your president truly observed, has established claims to the gratitude of the country for its unsurpassed fortitude and valour. (Hear, hear.) It is also due to my fellow-countrymen that I should oPreSs my conviction that, on their return home, these gallant troops will e.xhibit that respect for authority, that submis-ion to the laws of the country, and that loyalty to their Sovereign which have long distinguished the British soldier. (Hear, hear.) On the occasion to which I have already referred, when our army in the Crimea was visited by General LIlders. it mus- tered about 40,000 infantry anld artillery, wiith 186 piece3 of cannon-all in the most admirable order and eouipment. (Cheers.) Our troops are, in short, in a state ot preparation for war that vas never before exceeded. In the presence of my gallant friend, lately in command of the Black Sea fleet, it is but right that I should say that the army is under the greatest obligations to the sister seruice for its valuable assistance on all occasions ; and I should fail to express the sentiments by which our troops are animated if I did not acknowledge the erompt and zealous co- operation of theNaval Brigadein workangthe batteriesbefore ehastopol. (Hear, hear.) I w9ill only add that with the excellent feelng and high dicipline now prevailing in our army, Iam persuaded it will over be ready to fulfil whatever duties its Sovereign may call upon it to discharge. (Cheers.) Sir EDasu.,D LyoNS,-My lords and gentlemen, I beg to return you my most sincere and hearty thanksforassociating my name with this toast, and for the kind and encouraging manner in which the services rendered by the navy have been recognized. I say "encouragig," because nothing can operate on our sailors as a greater incentive to duty when serving their country abroad than to know that their actions are appreciated by their fellow-dtizens at home. (Hear.) I believe that the British navy was never ina moreefficientandsatisfactorystate thanat this moment. The harge ships, which formerly composed our fleets, in construction and equipment are now in better condition than was ever before known, and need not fear comparison with any other navy in the world. (Hear, hear.) We have alsoa nunerous class of smaller vesmels which it was confidently anticipated would form a powerful auxiliary in carrying on the war, butp which mny pqw be viewd as vauDble gua. rantees for peace (hear, hear); for I believe that no adage handed down from olden times has been proved by experience to be more just than th:s-that the best means of averting war is to show ourselves prepared to meet it when forced upon us. (Hear, hear.) It must have been a proud day for the Sovereign of these ancient realmswhen she reviewed the magnificent fleet lately assembled at Spithead, and reflected that it was manned vwholly by volunteers, who came forward to fight their countlesebattles with a devotion and loyalty never before exceled. (Hear.) It must have been equally gratifying to Her Majesty to feel that the force thus arrayed was an undeniable proof that the country was better able to continue the struggle than to commence it, and offered to the world a demonstration that in signing the treaty of peace under such circumstances her only motive could be a magnanimous sentiment of- peace and goodwill towards men. (Hear, hear.) That event wiU therefore go down to posterity as one of which England and the English navy have just reason to be proud. (Cheers.) The PRESnDENT.-The toast next in order is "TheHealth of the Foreign Ministers" who honour the academy with their presence. (Hear, hear.) The only change I have to make in the usual form is to give the toast in the singular numnber, inasmuch as his Excellency the Prussian Mfinister is the only member of the diplomatic body in this assembly. His Excellency the Ameriean Minister, after signifying his intention to attend, was, it seems, unable to keep his engagement. The present exhibition, as if to celebrate the renewed amicable intercourse of civilized nations, contains specimens from various parts of the continent, severd of which reflect credit on the schools to which they belong. (Hear, hear.) The name of Rudolph Lehmann, I believe a Prussian, will be advantageously known from the work which he has sent. (Hear, hear.) Older contributors are not wanting; Ary Scheffer has done himiiself and his subject justice in his fine portrait of Mr. Charles Dickens. (Hear, hear.) I cannot mentionthese foreign contributionswithout adverting to the difficulty in which the Royal Academy, with all its desire to do them honour, is placed by their being sent to it. The space at our disposal is insufficient to accommodate our own exhibitors, and, under those circumstances, the exhibition of foreign works involves the exclusion of some of those of our own painters. A stronger pla can hardly be urged for additional room. It is surely esirable to see good foreign specimens occasionally mixed. with those of our native artists, but, under the present state of things, we must either appear iliberal to strangers orunjust to our own feUow-labourers. (Hear, hear.) Iwas not without hopes that we might have had the honour of this day entertaining a distinguished guest who, though a foreigner, cannot be reearded as a stranger. I mean his Excellency Baron Brunoiw. (Hear, hear.) Nothing could have more completely realized the feeling of peace than to see in this place, which may not unfitly be caUed a temple of peace, onewho had resided for many years in this country as the ambassador of Russia, and who now revisits these shores on an amicable mission. (Cheers.) During his residence here, as many present have reason to know, his Excellency acquired the friendship or respect of all who had the honour of his acquaintance. I may add that he often attended these anniversaries, and had it been possible for him to honour us on this occasion he would, I venture to say, have been most warmly greeted. (Hear, hear.) The toastis, "The Foreign Ministers, and the health of His Excellency the Prussian Ambassador." Drunk with the usual honoars. His Excellency the PRUSSLUN MNIssRx briefly returned thanks. The PRamxID?,,.-The next toast which it is my privilege to propose, is " The Health of the noblemen and gentlemen who this day honour the academy with their presence." jHear, hear. The best tribute I can offer to those, or at least to many whom I have the pleasure to address, is to aclnowledge that under their auspices, in conjunction vith the aid of others, the fine arts are becoming more and more elements of public utility. The improvement, the growing benefit is, I am persuaded, greatly attributable to the enlightened attention which many persons of influence have, either from inclination or on principle, devoted to the subject. (Hear, hear.) The more inteMigible and the more directly useful influence of the fine arts is to be recognized in that well-organized and widely-spread system of instruction which has for its object the improvement of our manufactures. That system, however capable of being modified, is now felt to be indispensable, and one of its results has been to give increased effect to institutions intended to promote the higher branches of art. (Hear, hear.) A French writer has lately expressed the opinion that the higher manifestations of the fine arts are the great means of popularizing good taste. He extols the recent efforts of England in adopting every means of improving the taste of her producers by affording instruction in design, and by the public exhibition of the best works of art-for example, at Sydenham and elsewhere. (Hear.) The same writer justly observes, however, that this quality of taste isthe element in which imitation, meaning the imitation of other nations advanced in it, is the most difficult. To reproduce a piece of machinery, to imitate mechanical contrivances, is comparatively easy; but to infuse taste into the workmen requires many ears of indirect as well as direct cultivation. (Hear, hear ) It is, therefore, of consequence, in reference to the competitionof England with other nations in what is called industrial art, that, together with the direct instruction which forms the hand and eye-an undertaking in which many can co-operate-the less tangible and more refined influence resulting from the exhibition of the bestyproductions throughout the country should also be kept in view, whether in the shape of permanent museums or occasional exhibitions of good modem or good older specimens;of art. In regard to modern works (hear, hear), I presume not to define the degree of excellence in the higher aims of art to which this nation or this academy, as represewting a school of art, can retend; but this I say that, whatever that amount of excellence may be, it is of vital importance even for the manufacturmin interests of this country to stimulate and uphold it. (h~ear, hear.) I feel thatlI onlymeet the views of the enlightened promoters of industrial art when I maintain that the cultivation of the higher elements of art is the only safe and permanent foundation for its more literally useflapplications (Cheers.) I have the honour of proposing the health of oulr guests. The toast was drunk with the greatest cordiality. The LOs.D CHsASCELTOR. -Mr. President and gentlemen, -I feel that no duty devolving on me could be more diffi cult than that of returning thanks on the part of those whom you have honoured with invitations to this festive board, because, in an assembly of those whose works contribute to the adornment of these walls, I can be but a very inadequate exponent of the sentiments of the patrons who have encouraged their production. Yet thereis one circumstance which should render the task I have undertaken less formidable;forthe splendid specimens whichthis ycardecorate yourbrilliant apartmentindicatetheattainmentof such an advanced stage of art as to make it easy to pronounce a deserved panegyric on the present exhibition. (Hear.) The time has been when, to the disparagement of British art, these walls were covered almost exclusively with portraits and works designed merely to gratify the vanity oi individuals. That such an imputation finds no justification now I appeal with confidence to the interesting display by which we are surrounded; and I greatly doubt whether in any other capital of modem Europe a single year could produce its equal. (Heai, hear.) Your president hai feelingly alluded to the fact that, after two yearof war, we have now met for the first time under the genial influence of peace, and I cannot but remark among the works before us some of much merit, which touchingly recall that happy circumstance. Without wishingto make an invidious selectionwhere there is so much that is excellent, I cannot refrain from pointing to onc which must awaken in every heart feelings of deep gratitud s and enthusiasm. I allude to the admirable painting having foritasubject "the lighland Nurses." (The picture to which the noble and learned Lord referred is from the easel of Sir E. Landseer, and dedicated to Miss Nightingale.) It reminds us that atthe termination of the war we may revert with pride, not only to the achievements of our army, but also to actionsi of even a purer and more elevating character-actions of which, as they have served to humanize the conflicts of mankind inx their fiercest violence, it may well be said as of old,a"Afitescunt sccula bdeis." (Cbeers.) Gentlemen, I have, in conclusion, to propose a toast which I am sure will be received with enthusiasm. I mean, " Prosperity to the Royal Academy," whose munificent hospitality it is our happiness to enjoy. The toast was drunk amid loud applause. The PR1ESIDEAST.-31y Lords and gentlemen, I beg leave on the part of the members of the Royal Academy, and on my own, to express ouir thanks for the honour you have conferred upon us. Hlis Lordship, in the thoughtful and eloquent speech which we have heard, has said encouraging things of this exhibition and of the English school. Within the last year that school has acquired a certain amount of continental reputation in the great Paris Exhibition, a reputation which is deservedly valued; but, after all, it is to the favourable opinion of his judges at home that the English artist aspires. (Hear, hear.) His legitimate stimuIus, next to the love of his occupation, doubtless, is extended fame; but even of that he has a sure earnest if he succeed in winning yonrapproval. The office of the professed critic is, almost necessarily, to detect imperfections ;, the enlightened amateur, on the other hand, recognizes the principle, founded on a long observation of masterworks, that a few qualities, or even one quality carried to a h:gh degree of perfection, though involving comparative defects in other particulars, stamps the work of art with character and value, and seldom fails to command approbation. (Hear, hear.) That this is the case with the great masters will be seen on a moment's reflection, Among the great masters each is admired for certain special qualities, while the fact that he is deficient in other respects does no; interfere with the general estimation in which he is held. (Hear, hear.) Such a train of thought may arise in the minds of those who will hereafter have opportunities of contemplating the works of Tunmer, now, it is understood, to become the property of the nation. (Hear, hear.) None will venture to assert that those works are faultless; and yet the objects which that great painter had in view are accomplished in such perfection that the mind is engrossel wth them, and defects, if seen, are disregarded. (Hear, hear.) I now beg to give a toast which on ordinaryoccasions has reference to politics, hut which can have none here save in that sense in which politics are connected with objects of permanent' interest, if I may venture so to designate art and science. It was formerly remarked that the most ardent well-wishers to those pursuits were generally compelled, by the supposed necessity of a stern rgard to public economy, to suppress their e mightened ccetions when in office. At present, however, it is admitted that the furtherance of those objocts may be reconciled with a om Mprehensive econom s.)hr It is admitted that general cultivation is desirable even on the ground of expediency; it is felt that as civilization advances it nce its correspondfing wants ; * dit is belleYL 3hat the ompmercial proepeorty, pnd arezi t e power of a nation, may ultimately depend inagreat degree on its intellectual improvement. (Hear, hear.) From what has been recently said in Parliament, I am justified in expressing a hope that the time is not distant when a new building devoted to art and science will arise in the immediate neighbourhood of the metropolis. (Cheers.) What better commnemoration can there be of a satisfactory p e xt to our thanksaiving to the great Giver of that blessing-than the founding of an institution calculated to promote the objects, pursuits, .and advantages of peace ? (Cheers.) Gentlemen, I have the honour to propose " The Health of Her Majesty's Ministers," as the promoters as well of art and science as of a peace for which the country is gratefuL (Cheers.) The toast was received with much cordiality. Lord PAL'exRsTo.-Mr. President, myLords and gentlemen, I beg for myself, and on behalf of my colleagues, to thank you for the toast which you have been kind enough to give, and for the warm manner in which it has been your pleasure to receive it. We accept the compliment in the spirit in which it has been bestowed. (Hear, hear.) This is an occasion on which politics ought to be eschewed, and on which we appear before you, as you, Sir, justly observed, not as the representatives of different political opinions and parties, but as those who are for the moment intrusted with the guardianship of the public welfare, and whose dutyit is, as the instruments for conducting the public service, to promote, so far as our means and opportunities allow, the progress and improvement of the arts. (Hear, hear.) I can assure you, therefore, that those who have now the honour of acknowledging this mark of your favour are not less mindful of this part of their functions than any of thei.r predecessors. (Hear, hear.) And, with regard to the Opic to which you have just alluded-namely, the l rospect of our seeing in the immediate neighbourhood of this city a building rising up better fitted than any now existing for the display of the works of genius and of art-I can only say that it shall not be owing to any indisposition on ocr part to advance the great objects which you have indicated if results adequate, to the aspirations you have expressed are not ultimately attained. (Hear, hear.) It must, indeed, be gratifying to those who take a warm interest in tne progress of art to witness the noble spectacle which these walls exhibit, and which fully justifies the ardent expectations which the lovers of such refined studies have from time to time enter- tained of their rapid and increasing development in their. native country. (Hear, hear.) You have, Sir, adverted to A the triumphs which our army and navy have aclhieved in the course of their recent struggle, but we all know that peace, too, has its victories no less than war. (Cheers.) The victories of peace are those of genius and talent over diffi culties both moral and intellectual, and I venture to say that there cannot be a more splendid display of the trophies of peace than is presented by the exhibition the auspicious inauguration of which we are met to celebrate. (Hear.), What canbe agreater triumph of mindthanthat of theartist, 'who from rude mater ials of the most unpromising kind is able to produce exquisite representations of allthat is beautiful in the forms of nature. and to give expression to all the dignified andennobling sentiments wlich Providence has iaplanted in the human breast? A great poet of antiquity declares that he who wishes to inspire any passion in the minds of others must himself be animated by the same emotion. This principle, I believe, applies with especial force to the painter. (Hear, hear.) The artist who would fitly depict upon his canvass all the softer graces and sterner sentiments which adorn aud ennoble our common nature must himself beactuatedbycorresponding feelings; and therefore I think I may, without exaggeration, say that no triumph can be more elevated than that which crowns with laurels the browof the eminent and successful painter. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, I beg once more to thank you for the honour you have done the members of Her Majesty's Government. The PaiEsr DN'r.-The next toast which I have to pro se is " The City of London and the health of the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor." (Hlear, hear.) There has been an increased disposition on the part of the city of London of late years to promote the fLne arts, and I believe those views have alwayshad a warm supporter in the present Lord Mlayor. His Lordship has been long known as a lover of the fine arts, and he is himself the worthy possessor of a choice collection of the productions of living artists. The toast was warmly received. The LOED MAYOR, in acknowledging the toast, said, there was nothing from which he derived so much pleasure as the occasional contemplation of the pictures he had the privilege to possess, many of whichwere the works of eminent artists of the Royal Academy. (Hear, hear.) In his capacity of Lord Mayor of London he could assure the company that it should ever be his desire to the utmost of his powerto induce alove and patronage of the fine arts among his fellow-citizens. The corporation of London had, indeed, already evinced such a praiseworthy disposition, having given no inconsiderable encourapment to the most distinguished sculptors of the present Say, whose productions adorned the civic hail so well known in connexion with the hospitality of his predecessors. (Tear, hear.) It would afford him the greatest satisfaction to see the decoration of the Egyptian-hall at the Mansion-house completed by the introduction of specimens of the sister art. (H3ear, hear.) The PBESaIDT.-The toast to which I have now to call your attention is, "The Society of Antiquaries, and the health of its President, Earl Stanhope." I give this toast in its customary form, but his Lordship, in addition to his services as the president of the Society of Antiquaries, is entitled to our especial acknowledgments on the present occasion, also on other grounds. Lord Stanhope has lately | done the Royal Academy the favour to accept an honorary office in this institution, vacant by the decease of one of its members. (Hear, hear.) But the circumstance to which I would more especially advert as a subject of general interest is the scheme which his Lordship lately brought before the notice of Parliament for the formation of a national portrait gallery. (Cheers.) That project has been received with general favour, having been ~hai]ed- with satisfaction alike by the lover of art, the antiquary, the historian, and the patriot. (Hea-r, hear.) It becomes us, therefore, in this place, and on this occasion, to offer to his Lordship our congratulations and acknowledgments. (Cheers.) Earl STA-NgoPE.-I beg to return my sincere thanks for the toast you have just given. I have also to thank the President for the favourable manner in which he was pleased to notice the motion which the Hlouse of Lords lately adopted on my recommendation for the formation -of a national gallery of portraits. (Hear, hear.) I am happy to state that, since that august assembly approved that propossl, it has been very cordially accepted by Her Majesty's Government, who are, I believe, prepared to suggest plans for carrying it into practical effect. (Hear, hear.) You will observe that the project is also touched upon in the last report of the Commissioners for the Great Exhibition of 1851, who include in their number several most eminent 3members of the House of Commons, some of whom I see around me. This body, in their report recently pubI lished, recommend, as the first step for establishinz the nro- posed Portrait gallery, that an exhibition of national portraits should be held, to which pictureafromall p arts of thekindom might in the first instance be contributed as leans. I cannot but anticipate from such a commencement a favourable proIgress in the scheme whichlIhad the honour to suggest. (Hear, hear.) You may perhaps think me insatiable in the matter of national portrait galleries if I venture, bafore I conclude, to hint to those present who are their advocates that it is iu their power to institute an excellent one by a very limited effort on their ownu part. Why, for example, should not every member of the Royal A cademy be required to contribulte his own likeness ? (Cheers and laugahter.) If that rule were adopted from this time forward not many years would el-:pse before we should have a portrait gallery of much interest, w hich would transmist to posterity memorials of those w.ho. in their day, brought credit upon art. (IIear, hear.) I throw out this suggestion, the value of which you are better able than I to appreciate, from a simple desire that a permanent record may be handed down. of those who may hereafter be favourably known for their artistic productions, but of whose own lineaments no' adequate remembrancers might otherwise be preserved. (Cheers.) The PPRESIDEi,'T.-The next toast wvhich I beg to propose is " The Interests of Literature, and the health of those of its representatives who have deigned to be our guests." (Hear, hear.) I do not undertakie to enumerate them; to select would be no less difficult; but, on the part of the professors of the sister arts, I beg to thank them for the inspiration and instruction which their w-ritings have afforded. (Cheers.) The DEAY of St. PAuJT's.-3My Lords and gentlemen, at the risk of appearing presumptuous, I cannot allow this toast to pass unacknowledged. (Hear. ) I, therefore, take the liberty of thanking you in the name of the men of letters, many of whom (and among them my oin Personal friends) I see around me, for the honour you have done us in drinkng our healths, and in inviting us to share your splendid hospwtsitty, as well as to enjoy a much more defghtful feast on the inspection of your works of art. (Hear, hear.) The artists of this country wil, I trust, have many more munificent patrons than men of letters generally can hope to be; hut I take npon myself to say that theyhave no more ardent admirers, none to whomithey afford higher or more sincere gratification-none, I may perhaps venture to say, who are more inteligent judges of tbeir works than the members of the literary profession. (Hear, hear.) If there be poetry in art, as unquestionably there iss, who can feel it more deeply, or estimate it more highly, than our poets ? (Hear, hear.) If it be the distinguishing excellence of the artist to delineate the beauties of naturo wvith vividness and power, who can better appreciate his suceess than psuchkeen observers and admirable pourthyers of nature in wrords-not in forms-as, for example. my friend, 3tr. Choarles D)ickens, w,hose withdrawal from this assembly has devolved on methe duty of addressing you? (Hear, hear.) The PRESIDENT.-The next and last toast wFhich I bez to propose comprehends the Governors of the British Institution, and those possessors of works of art who occasionally open their collections to connoi&'scurs and the public. (Hear, hear.) It is understood that the principal portion of the Cammuccini Collection, now the property of his Grace tbe Duke of Northumberland, will this year be exhibited at the British Institution, thus forming a new and powerful attraction in that exhibition which is always so full of interest. (Hear, hear.) Such a mode of exhibiting iine examples of art demands our acknowledgments, and no less so the liberality of thos who allow their treasures to be inspected in the.inansions which those treasures adorn. The toast was given amid loud applause, after which the distinguished company retired to the adjoining apartments, and spent some further time in inspecting the paintings they contained. 3Many appeared to leave the rich intellectWl treat withreluctance, and, beforetheycouldwholly make up their minds to withdraw, ceas, lingering looks behind them as they proceeded from brillintly.hit saloon to saloon. The corps of vocalists, who greatly enlivened the entertainment b)y their superior execution of favourite glees and nadrigls, 'were under the direction of Mr. Francis, and comprnsed &!eArs. Lockey, Bqason, Francit, Your;, G. iBclcJan, an Lawler togetheeiqith choristera.
STATE OF TRADE. MANCCHESTER, MAY 3. The market for cotton-cloth and yarns has been quieter than for several weeks past, but the continued heavy purchases made during the past month leave the hands of producers rather free of stocks, and, as a rule, prices are well supported. The cotton-market being easier to the extent of id. per lb., spinners coming out of orders have been willing to accept offers on more favourable terms, and the sane remark applies to makers of cloths which are not much in demand; but the bulk of producersbeing well suppliedwith orders seem indisposed to entertain offer3 at less than last week's rates. There is a steady demand for the home trade, and oods suited to that are rather firmer than most fabrice re uired by exporters. b the linen trade in Manchester the monthly circular of Messrs. Richardson, Tee, and Co. says'- " The demand for lnens of the middle classes forhome trade, notwithstanding the lateness of the season, coutinues active, and for export there is more doing than during last nmonth. Prices are irregular, influenced by demand for peculiar kinds, irrespective of the value of rawi materiaL Some makers of low brown goods have not reduced their rates more than 5 per cent. from the quotations of January. Others, fnuy 10 per cent. for the same class. The finier kind (white linens, diapers, &c.) have advanced, and middle counts of yarn are held for the small improvement established Ist month. Heavy flax yarns are decidedly firmer, and many spinneis are fully engaaed. Haudloomveavers are scarce in most of the districts, and the powerloom makers are working to order. Stocks, in hands of both manufacturers and merchants, are extremely low, as are those in many of the foreign markets, contracts on account of the war having employed many looms for the two years past, and the higa prices current druing that period having checked export; and to these causes the firmness of the market and the activity of trade in the face of expected large deliveries of flax from lussia are attributed, and values of most kinds of goods are likely to be sustained for some time to come." BIRIINGGEAM, MAY 3. The reports from the iron districts continue to be highly favourable. There has not been durng the present week any very important accession of orders, but those on hand are understood to be sufficient to keep the chief establishments in good work for the current quarter. Plates are more in demaud and the mills well employed. The Aimenican orders, although not excessive. are good aId regular, and this at the present emergency is more conveient to the trade than if there was an overflowing inflax. The regular shipments to Australia and Souith America are also represented to be very considerable, and show a marked improvement uponthe exports ofthe correspondingperiodof last year. With regard to nail rods the tendency is decidedly upwfards,I more than one of our nail manufacturers having, during the present week, received an intimation from their iron merchants that no further orders can be executed under an advance of 10s. per ton. This speaks well, more especially for the home trade. The stocks of manufactured iron held by the merchants throughout the united kingdom are said to be exceedingly small, and orders, it is thought, to a very considerable extent must immediately come into the market.. There is an inquiry for the shells for the East India Company; the quantity named is 4,500, but this is considered no criterion by which to judge of the real; amount which will ultimately be required. An improvement has also taken place in the demands made by the iron founders and engineers of the country. We stated last week that the American reduction of the duties upon iron exported from this co-ntry would have a material and beneficial influence upon the iron trade of South Staffordshire. This, we are now informed, upon competent authority, will amount to about 3s. per ton. TLhe duty in America, now levied upon the net cost at the respective works, being now levied only upon the price at the port from which it is shipped, a proportionate advantage will therefore be gained by our local manufactures, situated at 'so great a distance as they are from Liverpool, the chief port from which they export to the Inited States. The pigmakers, whose stocks still continue extremely limited, keep up prices with great firmness, and from the scaicity and dearness of best stone they appear to be justified in the course which they have adopted. The ironstone introduced into the distriet from a distance does not answer for best 'Ie ironmasters of South Staffordshire, although somewhat late in the field, have taken a decided step in favour of 3Mr. Lowes Local Dues and Shipping Bill The wonder is, seeing how deeply interested they are in the success of that measure, that they did not earlier attack the oppressive exactions of thei,verpool Corporation. A meeting of the trade was held a few days ago, at which it was resolved to petition the House of Commons in favour of Mr. Lowe's proposed enactment. In this petition they set forth that they consider the exactions of the Corporation oftiverpool unconstitutional and opposed in principle to all ;cognizedlaw; that the present dues press with undue severity on the SouthStaffordshire irontrade,bymateriallyincreasing the disadvantages under which the export trade of this district labours from its internal position; that from the great manufacturing works of South Staffordshire, and the large proportion of coal which this coalfield contains as compared with iron ore, the iron-works of this district can only be kept in full oDeration by large supplies of iron ore from a considerable diisance; that the red hamatite of Lancashire and Camberlsand furnish one of the principal sources of this supply; and these ores are conveyed to this district almost entirelywihthe ports of Ellesmere, Runcorn, and Garston, and are thns subject to the heavy exaction of 3d. per ton for Liverpool town dues; that the tax on this single article of consumption is a serious infliction upon the South Staffordshire iron trade, amounting to several thousand pounds per annum-that theLiverpool towuduesthusoperate injuriously in a twofold degree uplon the trade of this district by levying a tax, firstly, upon the raw material consumed; and, secondly, upon the finished article produced for export from any port in the estuary of the Mersey; that when the charter under which the Liverpool Corporation claims the right of levying these dues was purchased the entire iron manufacture of the kingdom did not exceed 20,000 tons per annum-a anantity equal to 1-35th part of the present quantity manufactured in the South Staffordshire district alone; and that this enormous increase could not have been contemplated as possible at the period when the charter was granted, and when the South Staffordshire iron trade, so far as regards any imports or exports, was not in existence. In conclusion, the petitioners consider that the imposition of these town dues presses with particular severity upon the development of the industrial resources of this district, and hail with satisfaction the introduction by Her Majesty"s Govermaent of the Local Daes and Shipping Bil, by which the just recommendations of the Shipping Daes Commission will be carried into effect and al taes upon ships or shipping not required for the maintenance of port purposes wilU be abolished." This most influentialy signed petition will be presented to the House of Commons in the course of a few days, and some of the most experienced ironmasters of the district are fuUy preTpared at any tiUne to support the opinions which it expresses before the committee now sitting upon the subject to which it refers. The supineness of the Birmingham Chamber of Commerce w-ith regard to this most important oaestion is a subject of daily reiark, for there is no branch of commerce in the kingdom more vitally interested in the abolition of the local dues of Liverpool than that of the American trade o' Birsminham. Althou'ni the demuand for coal in this district is not decidedly dull, it is remarked that proprietors in some neighbourhood are looking out for orders, a feature in the trade which has not been observable for some years past. This is to be attributed to the immense quantities now broughtinto the district from distant parts of the country. Even with the renewed increased deniands of the furnaces prices are weak, and at some colliries areduction has been submitted to. Best Staffordshire house coal, even for London, is fetching lower rates. There is little new to report with regard to the state of the general manufactures of the town and neighbnurhood. The inclination evinced for a still further advance in the price of copper has had an injurious effect upon the businesses of the smaller makers of brass and copper wares, and even some of the first establishments of the district are far from being entirely employed. The brass-bedstead business is slack, although in one famed manufactory good orders are in hand for abroad. In brass cabinet-work there is also little doing, and many of the' operatives are only partially employed. For lamps, as might be expected, the demand at the present season of the year is limited; but now the continental trade, and more especiaUy that of Northern Eurone, is again open, there are great expectations of a cominig revival. In the immediate neighbourhood of the town trade is slightly on the move, and the iron foundries are somewhat more busy than they were at the commencement of the quarter. Atollow ware is more in demand, and. were it not for the continued high rate of discounts charged by the bankers, the manufacturing vicinities of Smethwick, Westbromwich, and Dndley would, there is no doubt, exhibit stil greater activity than they do at the present moment. At Wolverhampton, as well as in Birmingham, the tin plate business is thriving, the late arrivals from Australia having brought a considerable number of orders for this description of wares. The factorsgenerally throughout the town and district speak favourably of the present state, and hopefully of the future prospects of the hardware trad. The scardity of money is the chief complaint to which they give utterance. The military gun trade continues active, although, as might be ex;pected, Government are not pzressing forward their orders with the same energy as during the existence of the war. The general opinion of the trade is that for the present the suspension of hostilities wiUnotmaterially affect the Tow er work. Certainly not, it is thought, the contracts en hand, and that in tJhe course of a short time there will be abundance of work required for the East India Service. The makers employed upon the best description of birding guns are in pessession of goed orders, and malke no complaints of want of business. Many of these orders are for abroad; and there is every reason to believe that as the season advances this branch of local manufacture will materiallg improve. It usually does as autumn approaches. :For the foreign trade, more especially, the manuacturers during the summer generally anticipate therwants of the latter part of the year. NTlGA ,MY~ l[Ol!LI G}IA M, AY 3. A satifactory amount of general business has been done in lace this week, though the briskness which characterized the trade during some weeL-s previously is no longer visible. The American buyers have pretty generally arrived, and arelookinground, but they have scarcely yet begun to operate. Cv'ommerial advicesfrom the United States areof a very cheering character, and there is no doubt that a very large quantity of goods will be required for that market. Next week most of the warehouse hands will be working extra hours in order the better to spare time for holgdaymaling in Whltsun week. Whit Taesday has been wisely selected as a fete day r- this town and neighbourhood in celebration of the peac - Thonugh a fewrties would have created a new holyday for that purpose, all the manufacturers and most of the operatives prefer to hold the festival at Whitsuntide, so that it may be enjoyed unanimously and without requiring too large an amount of individual sacrifice. The hosiers have been busy this; week,- chiefly with American buyvr,but the great advances necessary to cover the inczfear:6st of material and labour, so-frequently bdfore niaertedto, tend to limit operations. 'IM-TESER, 3AY 3. Tiere has Iven a tole ble busini doingthis week for the United States' market, but- 'that is almost the only branch that may he said to be in anything like a satisfactory state. In the home market there is very little doinz the worsted and woollen hosiery being very dull of deman; If it were not for the orders for America (which are emp-loying a fair quantity of hands), the trade in most departments would be inavery sluggish condi ion. Iu the country districts the trade is also dulL Eosiers are purchasing yarns very sparingly, buying only forimmediateuse. Some of the nills are working short hours. Stocks of wools are light; the market is firm, and the late advance of a halfpenny per pound in long wool yarns is maintained. The manufacturers are still complaining of the almost uremuneranve sales, buyers being unwilling to purchase at pices correponding with the high rates of the raw materia. LEEDS, WIAY 3. The report of the woollen cloth trade for the past month. is of a satisfactory character. The manufacturers have been wel employed, and have sold more goods than they made during that period. Prices, too, advanced in a ratio aboout equal to that of the advance in the cost of WooL The demand was steady and moderately brisk throughout the whole mouth, both for the home and the export trades. T'houghminxtures, tweeds, and light goods werve inthe greatest equest, a considerable hulk- of strong cloth ws sold. Some imlpetus, no doubt, was given to the tradetby the advent oE peace, and by the graduallyimproving *prcial accounts aom Australia. Some merchants also have speculated on the probabilities of a further rise in the prices of wooUen fabrics through further advances in the price of wool; and there is reason to believe that the stocks of cloths no in the hands of merchants are rather above than below what they were four or five weeks ago. At all events, within the last few days, and in the public markets in the cloth-halls this miorning, merchants have shown less disposition to purchase than they did a short time ago, while at the same time manufacturers are inclined to ask an advance upon late prices, anticipating or fearing that the raw 3material has not yet reached its highest figure. InI this state of things some of the lrger manufacturers are curtailing their productions, by employing fewer hands or working their mills shorter hours. But altogether the woolen manufacture is in a healthful condition, and as the stocks in the cloth-halls are almost unprecedentedly low there is not any apprehension of there being a dearth of employment for the manufacturinn operatives. Manufacturers, as wll3 as merchants, are evidently acting with great caution, and that is a much wiser and eventually more beneficia mode of procedure than one of a highly speculative character. There centinues a feeling of unceranty as to what will be the range of prices for colonia wool at the series of sales which will commence in London on Thursday next, the Eth inst. The probability is that there will be a sklight advance over the rates obtained at the preceding series, but a great deal will depend upon the amount of foreign competition. As a matter of some interest connected with the rise in the prices of wool, we may quote a remark from a local journal-namely, "' That a settled advance of 2d. is not a very serious matter, but when it is repeated two or three times in a year, for nearly twoyears together, the aggregate is enormous; thus, comparing P resent prices with those of last May, the gross amount of the advance on the forthcomingsaleswillbe upwards of 250,0001., estimating the auantity at 45,000 bales." For both combing and clothing iools the local brokers find a steady demand, and late prices are not difficult to obtain The aggregate stocks in the hands of brokers, spinners, and manufacturers is below an average; but, on grounds which have lately been pointed out in these reports, an increase in this year's suppHles over. those of' last year is expected. The flax-spinning trade here and at Barnaley is improving, but not in any very marked degree. The. restora-- tion of direct commercial intercourse between this country and Russia will probably soon impart increased animation to this branch of manufactire. The linen-weavers atBarnsley are better employed than they were at the opening of the year. The great bu of the flax brought from Russiato this country is imported into Hull, and we find that no time has been lost in resuming direct communication between that port and Riga, Cronstadt, St. Petersburg, and other Russian por.ts, several vessels having sailed from HuUl for those places last week, and they are to be immediately followed by four or five steamers. The woollencloth trade in its different branches in the district of Hudderefield continues steady, and there is a good consnmptive demand, especially for trouserings. The worsted trade at Bradford and Halifax has undergoneno material change since last week. There is a fair amount of business doing in most branches, but manufacturers complain of prices being low for their products. DUBLIN, LAY 3. Trade has been again inactive this week, and the semiholvday which we owed to-day to the imposing, and, to many, interesting ceremony of the proclamation of peace, did not intend to improve it, or to extend its operationx. Smithfield on Thursday was rather limitedly supplied, yet previous prices were barely maintained,; but the proVision markets experienced a further advance, and the highest prices of the season were realized. The stock and share market has undergone very little change during the week. The funds have been firm, with an upward tendency, and shares have barely held their own, though the public confidence in them continues undiminished. One of ourpolice courts has been again this week occupied7 with an investigation into the imputed malversations of the late chi'ef transfer clerk; of the Great Sonthern and Western Railway, and the prevalent belief now is that his operations must have been very extensive and carried on for a considerable period. BELFAST, MLy 2. Linen.-The sale of finished linens, whether of the fme or medium classes of goods, has been steadily increasing. Markets are not higher, but transactions are effected with less difficulty, and pnrchasers go into stock wvith more confidence. When the wide extent of territory owned by the Czar and the Sultan is fully thrown open to the commerce of the West. and our manufactures become better known to the nmillionnaires of Russia and Turkey, we may hope to see bales of Ulster made shipped direct from Belfast toRiga and St. Petersburg, to the capital of the Crimea and the birthplace of the prophet. Bleaching operations are very brisk-, and all hands fully at work. Brown narkets were rather more active during the- week. Short stocks of finished goods are causing greater demand for the brown article, and buyers act freely, though w,ith little advrance in value. The demand for bordered and plain handkerchiefs continues steady, and vast quantities go into consumption. Law.ns, damask.s, and diaper, so largely mnufactuLred in the neighbourhood of Lulrgan, Lisburn, and Belfast, are muoved on fair terms for holders. Linen yarns command rather higher rates in some instances, and manufacturers appear anxious to get into stock at present rates. Flax-The suapply of flax in the country markets for the past week has been very good. In some of the districts more has appeared than there was in any one day for the last twelve months. In a good many districts the flax is entirely cleared out. InCootehill, Ballibay,Xonaghan, and Aughnacloy about 150 tons appeared. InAnnagh, Cookstown, llathfriland, and Tandragee about 70 tons appeared, whEich sold at the following prices.-Bandscutched, 5s. to 7s.Sd.;- milled, from6se.6Gd. to lOs. d. ITn foreign flax there has been a moderate business passing at late prices. The trade inthis article has been Eminted for some time, owinlg to an impression that the return to peace would reduce prices, but it must be borne in mind that the total importation of the last two years has fallen little, if any, short of an average- that stocks are smaller and consumption larger than at this date last year; and that, should prices (which do not now exceed an. average rate) fall still further as the season advances, there wvill not be that inducement for extensive shipments to- his country which there hitherto always has been previous to large importations. Doubtless, at Archagel there will he great activity in the shipment of all1 description,s of produce, hut, as supplies have to be bronght thence from long distances, with limited facilities, the exports may not largely exceed those of an ordinary year. gards theloal demand.Inmnensesales of rawmateri?lcharac. terize the markects across tho Chamnnel, ar.d high rates mark recent transactions. These influences, howrever, do not affect the trade in Belfast, removed, as wre are, from the more immediate action of cotton speculation, and those fluctuations wrhich stir up the mearket for extr counts oit waps and wefts. Production of goods continues very large, the higher rates of wages operating as an inducement to wreavers to stop in their workrshops, instead of, as at other seasons, amisting in the outdoor work. of spring cropping.
VALUATIONS Un ThLAND.-It appeaws that in 26 of the Irish counties the tenement valuation has been completed under the act. In 7 the valuation is in progress, and in 7 it has not yet commenced. The appament discrepancy of these numbers (there being only 32 " counties"' proper in Ireland) is explained by the fact that there are several "countiea of cities" The tenement valuation of the counties the vAluation of which is not yet conimenced may probably be fnishe&.in two years from the receipt of tfhe revised Ordnaneemapa. SFmZUE OF IJXsPrxD PArPm.-A large juaLn-. tityof paperbhas just beenseized bythsuperviswrs if Excise for Doncaster and Barnsley, at various plac in the rmeijhboiixhood Cf thoee towns, inconsequence of the nateat; having been sent out from the paper mim of Messs Syxnington and Pegg. of Gieldhiil, without the usual ui6atuec and stamnp denotfng that she duty bad been paid. The peS-l ties to which the finu are liableamounnt to ipaprde of 1,000L., they hanb g ip1ieastamped paper to a - siderablo number of tradesmenThe iele was .escay ef aolaferifor cash only.
PARDrA3iE2TAY NOTICE. POIJSr. Op lARIirQ riT-.- --- - Tr,ibo's DiTorce Bij,-Further consideration and sconod reading an 3:la,the 5th of 3ta-, at21(o'clock; andthe Lord- unaoned. am.nsu Tceaty between Great Britain. Austria, France, Prussia, P.s. sa, &llx n, aral key fortbe re-tstablisbsoent of 1eace,-To be ste,rs into conot1dertksa on Monday-,the.fth of hisy; and tLeLorini sitn mrcmd ; A Ld tihe 1hrl of Elie-me-e to move - -. I but a2rtlb aid:css bepresented to IHer Vaj;estyto return to HEr hiejeeGty tbe aincvere acknowmledgment s ax-d thanl,s- of t his House 1cr sthe uarportant cmm'mjeiation wbich irer Majesty has been eselytkc,soto make to this House of toe general. treaty couecriadvtk otelthflresewe Her 31ajesy, tire Rn- xn.l,ca,r c-fRu~ssia. the King-of Sardinia, ai,d the huLltan. by which. lt0-0 ha enr-etbihdbewe e ajesty, the Emoperorot tl 0 breach, the King of Sardinia, and the Sultau on the One hand, aid the Lingetrer Of Russia ci. the other; - nassure HferlMajesty that, while we sbouild have deemedc it ouir duty cleerfNlly to aflord 11cr ?dajtstv our fulles,t solllott it it b-ad onxfQ.tutra.tslyl,eetr found necessary to cosrtinue tie mtar. Nyehave learnt V.tlsjy ai d Eaticfz.tier, that Hier 'Majesty has betik enabled to reetat.il tI eace on conditions so hionousab le to her Majesty's Crown, and Nihi,h to f,ull,y 2c;.rasilish the great objects toy .shieh the war wvas "lIo exprcFs to, He aesyh reat satisfactiest mhidb weleel that, while theset aliiaLeS Lhich hzre so rnair.ly ca ntributet tito the vigeotus ard sraccessful prorecurlisn of the sar hiave beta equatlly effective linthe es nss-ldatis.noflpeace. P'owers whichhadI not tak'en an active park in the war -ava cormbirro with the bellgereuts to give0 by their sanction aizd acctmso. aer!titl,ial timnenus to the arran,gements, by which the re! v ot LO Eurore hr in ututsre to be protected front disturbar.ee; -To state to Hier Majesty that w-e rejoice that, notwithstandling the gnat eacattlors hich the late war las rendtred nectEsary, the rekji;rrr ct the citl.icelhave rtmained tui.msaired: -To,eNprekssour h(pe that the peace whichihas now betrf concluded 3nay, uoder the favour of DivinelProvidence, long continue to shed its bltesings over Europe. and that harmunY among Goverasoenta and frienly Iintercour-se-3amongnationis na-y steadily proniote the progress Heyw-oed Gas Bil,- (Anseadnment), notieceof third reading for1ronday. tI.e 5th Of Ma!Y. llcddington Recto-y Division Bill.-(Amelidment), notlice of third reading for M1onday. the 5th of May. Du1Jdee Ila:rbeur Bill,-Niotice of third reading for Monday, the 0th of May. HOUSE OF COMM3ONS, MONDAY, MtAY 5. ORDaIns or cTsE DAy. Trez!y ofPreacea-To be taken into cons-idexation. rire insurances, Bili.-Cotntuittee. raroddal Schools (Scotlandl Bill.-Adjourned debate en secondreadIng. coaiwhiprets (Port of London) Bill.-Second reading. Peer tow AinerrenreatBil,-liecoldreadissg,. Vaccinationt Bitt.-Cormmsttee. Cau.bt idge IUniversity Bill,-Cormn,ittee. D:sscut.trs' Macrages Btil.-Cctnmittee. Irublin Metropolitan 1'olice Bull.-Szecon I Yeading. 'Lunatic Asylums, (Ireland) Blt.Sccend masersin. vice-Presidentuo"Cotamittte of Council on Education Bili.-Second reading. ' -National Gallery'Bill.-As aniended to be consideredl, WIt lweed Foret-t BLrl-As amendiedto be conasidered. Suppty,-Commrittea. Ways and Mleans,-Cconuaittee. (lath of Ab.juratiot: Bill,-Conrmuttee. Juvenile Convict P'rison (Ireland) Bill,-Commsittee (progress 2dl of MrZ.y.) Jus,tices of the Fence Qiatailteation Bill.- Cotomittec. Jraies (Ireland) llill,-Adjourned debate on ascend reading 124thl of April.) Courts Of Common Low (11reland) Bill,-Committee. Civil S. vice,-Cen.mittee thereupon. Church-pates Abolition Bill.-Commuittee. lrrCsOr 3tOTIOtN. Mr. Grogan.-To askc the Chief Secretary for Ireland, if it be thn iatet.tion of the: Government to introditce any mneasure during the pro entzisession, for the purpose of svn.ngtothieComnrirst,oners of Beques~t in irtland the caeloes hc h Commissioners of Charitabli Beqauests possess in England? SIr. Heywood.-To ask the President of the roor-law Board, it hi wil he prepared to Move that thte Cambridge University Bill1 he con rE1,1yredin cvsuri tree after Wh'itsuntlide-, and, if so, on what day? Mr. Vfse,-To ask the First Lord of tfse Tx'easury, whether theze P, any p-rospe-ct of such v. revi,sion of the tariff, appended to the conumer cial itraty with Turkey, of the 11th of August, 1835, an may lead to tin atolilicza of the duty of 12per cent. on graini and pulse exported front Turkey to thin country;. and, what'i the existing position of the Bri tihrstmerhants with reference to the expozation of grain from tha Pr'incipalities of Wallaciria and' Moldavia? r.Napicr,-To ask- the Secretary of Stain for the Home Depart meant, whether any Steps have been taken by the Government to Carr into effect the re omm rendation for the improvemients of legal educntiot mhich are conitained in the reports of the commiissioners appointed tU in"inre into the Iins of Courtr MNr. Grogan,-To ask the Secretary to the Treasury if any andwhal sterps have been taken to carry out the reoernrendiations contained is the report of the cemmissioncis, appointed to inquire,.&c., into thn Dut-li.n hoskpitals? Ca tamn Archdait.-To ask. the Attorney-General for Irelana' svhetler Goveimment have arrived at any, and Awhat, decision respecting certain fees demanded by coimty officers in lIeland, bat not Eat,ctienecd by any act cf Parliament? ,Mr.Brandy.. Toask theSecretary of State for theHomere epartmnent if he intenis, introducing aniy measure, in accordatnce wtith the recons mnendation of that piart of the report of the commnittee (which sat in 15513) " to examine into the system under which publichouses, hotels. &c.. wore retulated," which relates to night coffeeshops. with the view to their bein for the future closed at proper and stated hours, mans of wh ich are now open through the n3ight an harbours of refoge for abandoned characters of beth sexes? Viscount BcrLa-d.-To ask the 'Secretary to the Treasury whether it is intended to muake a-ny alteration in the present mode of conducting the vostal commiunication in the county of Cork-, and to make use of the Cork and Bandton Itailasay for the conveyance of the miails ? Mtr. Mengher.- To ask the Secretary of State for the Colonial Depair-tment if theme is any foundation for reports made in public prints, that in conseptuence of fanatical harangues made in the stretls of George Town, Denmerara, by a straniger froma another coutry of the mame of (Icri ots and disturbances have taken place, and the P"ersons runt properties of peaceable inhabitants been injured; and if so whether arny steps have been talen to prevent a recurrence of suchl keexes? Capltain Scobell,-To ask- the First Lord of the Admiralty if it has yet been detemusined whether some of Her Majesty's line-of-battle ships, frigates, or, smaller vessels of war, nowa lyin)g unlemployed in the hemle norts or iss those abroad shall assist in emnbarkintg andI bringing away froma thne Crimeta the troops, Or cannon, maunitiOns of war, anid ether stores, being pisblic property? Cap,ltain Scobell.-To ask the Under Secretary for War whether the soltiirs who, without blame on their parts, lost their kits at tiae time of landing inx the Crimlea, or at any subsequent period, have been, or will be. atllowed comarensation for the came ? Mr. Mowbray,-To ask the Secretary of Stale for the Homze Depart=cent w hen he intends to intreduce into the house_ am bill for carrying into effect a scemeliofv the Charity Commissioners for the regulation Of kil er1-urn llospital. in the county of Durham? Colonel Durre.-To ask the Under Secretary for War wrhether the a-llowance usua.llyvranted to troops in the fiold has beersallowed tonr foreign legion in the Britisha service, but refused to reginsents of tie line?! Mi-. IV. Wilhiams,-Copy of the Treasury mainute wihich authorize,s the purchase of pensions chaLrged on revenue dlepartments. The Lordt-Advocatc,--Bill to improve and facilitate the registratioin of lemvons entitledl to vote us the election of members of Parliament in Scotland. Mr. Wilsoss,-Acccmrt of the sulms paid under the act 59th of George III., chap. 54. and suibsequent orders of the Lords Conmmissioners 01 the Treasury, in the y-ear If 55, for the difference of rates and chargess Cue to corporations,, companies, or individuals, for foreign v-essels, which, undler tresties of reciprocity or otherwise, are admnitted into the pests of the united king-dom at the came rates Of charge as British vesels spcifingeac ofthesevralrats,on whxat account the same waspai, weterfr lghtue, dck ues det on shi a or merchan. Mr. aisn,-illto aendtheactfor ranferingto counties certanwork constructe wholly ori atwith the publcmny SIr. WisoV -Billto amend th csrelating to pawboes Viscount Gdrh-Binlt mn the Industrial and Provident S-ocietie c, 54 Nir.J.E rt-et s from the official assignee of thieCourxtof B3ankruptcy who had charge of the bankruaptcy of the Tring, Rending, and Basinga.toke Rallway Company; showing the date of the hank. rapty, he mout clleted th amuntproed,the expense o1 admiistatin, te rte f diided, he dte f te declaration of And frnt heoffcia maagr apoitedbythe Court of Chancery expenses tcre,oroanoteacut.and h mut fay now standin totecei o h adause. Sir B. Pcei-oiso the application of the magistrates and guardilans oftePetnUion for the erection of a newv workhouse; together with any reply or order from the Poor-law Board on the 'sublect: And. of the letter of J. St. Livesy, Eaq., dated the 20th 01 .March, 19.56.5 requesting explanations of the several proceedings sanctioned by the Po.r-taw Boeard; with the reply to the same, datedI tire .th of April, 1556. MJr. B. Denison,-On consideration of papers relative to the Treaty of Peace. to move, that ani humble address be presented to bIer Majesty, to retorn. to Hecr M~ajesty the sincere aekrsowledgrments and thanks of this House for the importaut cOmmtusication vrlrch Hocr Miajesty has beers graciously pleased to make to this itoaise of the General Treaty concluded at Paris on the 30th of Mlarch, betwveen Her Majesty. the Emperomr of Austria, the Emperor of the French, the King of Prussia, the Eurparor of Russia. the Kang of Sardinia, and the litsltan, by wvhich pence has been established between Hfer Majes-ty, the Fmperep of the Fretrieb, the King of Sardtinia, anil the Sultani, on the~ one hand, andL the Emperor of Russia eon the other; To assure Her Majesty that, whifle we shouldI have deemed it our dutycheefull toaffod He Maestyour ins upprt i it ad ifor. estblih pnceon ondtios hneubleto er ajety's Cr-own. and whih fllyaccmplsh he rea obect fo whch hewar was undler. "To expressto Her Majesty thegreat satisfaction which we feel at finding that while those allances which have so mainly contributed to the vigorous and successful prosecution of the wvar have been equaally effective in the consosehdation of psea, Powers which have not taken an aetive past in the wear have combined with the bdlligerents to give adlditionalfdamnessto the arrangementsby whIch the repose of Europe is ini futuire to be protected from disturbanyce. "To state toHeor Ma1je-ty that we rejoice that, notwithstanding the great exertions which the late war has rendered necessary, tho resources of the empire remain unimnpaired;- " To express our hope that the peace which has now been coenlttdedI may, under the favour of Div-ine TYoidence long- continue to shed its blessings over Europe; and that harmony among: Governments and friendly intercourse among nations may steadlily promote the progress of civfiltirion and secuire the welfare and happiness of mankind." Mr. It. Phillimore,-To move, as an adlditional paragraph to tIre address:- "1LTo express, nevertheless the regret of the House that the immemoriland undoubted belligerent right of the Crownu to capture eneiaes'e gooris in neutral ships should have been renounced by treaty writhout an opporturlityhaving been afforded to Parlaiaent of etpresstingifs opution upon so grave and extensive an alteration of pltblic and inlternattonal law."
REPxrnrSxNyATION OF CEiTENrAHr.- Another election is rendered necessary for this borough in consequence of the appointment of MIr. Grenville Berkeley to a seat at the Board of Customs. Mr. Berkeley was onlv elected 12 months ago. Captain Francis William Fitshardinge Berkeley, eldest son of Admiral the Right Hon. Sir M. F. F. Berkeley, M.P. for Glocester city, has accepted an invitation from the electors to offer himself as a candidate in the place of his relative. At a private meeting of the TLm-al electors, held on Friday evening, Captain Berkeley having briefly explained his political opinions, the following resolution was passed:-"'That having heard from Captain Francis Berkeley his poiltical opinions, this meeting is of opinion that he is a fit and proper person to represent thlis borough in Parliament, and pledges itself to ise every effort to carry his election to a successfal issue." The writ was received on Saturday, and the returning-officer, Mr. Bell, has appointed Wednesday next for the nomination. Captain Berkeley has issued an address to the electors, in which he says .I My political principles are identical with those of my relatives, bywhom (with some slight intermission) your borough has been represented ever since the passing of the Reform Act, in 1832. Those principles I trust you will always find me.faithfdiLy and zealously maintain; and, with respect to your-local interests, I need hardly add they will have from nue the best support which it is in my power to betoiw," Captain Berkeley is an advocate for the ballot and the extension of the suffrage to .5. householders, which enactment would considerably increase-the number of eloctors in Cheltenharm. There is a talk of an opposition in the person of a Conservative gentleman from the neighbouring boroughl of Winchcomb; and another gentleman, resident near GlIocotter, nas also been taLked of as likely to take the field; but up to Saturday night no second candidate had decLared .him&.- The sholt time left for candidates to make the Aneceseary arrangements is favourable to Captain Berkeley, jndtkefamily influence is almostparamount in the borough. The late member has issued a short valddictory address to the consliisency, informing them thlt-the "appointment of Commisioner of Customs having been conferred on me incapacitates me from sitting in the House of Commons, ald re.Aders it necessary that I should return into your hnads the trust you reposed in rue last July," &c. At present appearawces are an favour-of Captain Berkeley's un,oppowed returan. THE -.A t: EsTIMATES-The amount of the original arrmy estimte for 1856-57 was 34.998,54W., and the amouDnt of tje reduced estimate 2q,747,f741. The amount already i-odt Ji 20,iG',1101., and the ams3i;li to be mvied 5S3,46i'.
MONBY-MABKBATatid CITYINTBLLIGB.CE. Saturday Rvening. The announcement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer that the Budget will be deferred till Monday, the 19th inst., coupled with an expectation of a considerable reduction in the estimates for the curI rent year, caused the English funds to open with steadiness this morning at the closing quotations of yesterday, and subsequently to experience a considerable advance. Consols for money were first quoted 92i to i, and the last official transactions .were at 923- for money and 93k to j for the 4th of June. After regular hours there -was a further improvement of an eigchth. The transactions of the day were not numerous. but several persons who have been operating for a f.ll closed their accounts. Bank Stock left ofi at 210k to 212; Reduced, 91g to ; New Three per Cents., 91AE to t; India Stock, 227 to 330; India-bonds, 10s. to 5s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 97 to 98 ; and Exchequer- bills (Mfarch), 5s. to Is. discount; (June), 9s. to 4s. discount. The bills due on the 3d and 4th were payable today, and their aggregate amount was unusually large. They were on the whole extremely well met, although, perhaps, a little more difficulty was observable than on thle 4th of lsst month Foreign securities have not experienced much variation, but quotations were well supported to the close. Turkish Six per Cents. for the account were negotiated at 97k, and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed at 101?. The general businesg comprised-Mexican, for the account, 221; Spanish New Deferred, for money, 244; for the account, 24i and >; and Diitch Four per Cent. Certificates, 93. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 74f. 90c. for money 75f. 25c. for the next account at the end of the month, showing a further improvement of more than a-half per cent. The firmness of the market is chiefly attributable to an increase in the supply of money. Letters from St. Petersburg of the 23d of April state, with reference to the approaching opening of the navigation, that great complaints were made of inconvenience likely to arise from the scarcity of lighters between St. Petersburg and Cronstadt. A large number of those previously in use have become rotten from having been laid by during the war, and no steps have been taken to replace them. The shipments of specie by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Ava amount to the large total of 643,2021., of which 22,5101. is gold for Alexandria, Ceylon, and Hongkong, and 620,6921. silver for Bombay, Ceylon, Madras, Calcutta, Penang, Singapore, Hongkong, Canton, and Shanghai. The railway meetings of the week have not been numerous, but they have presented some facts of interest. The shareholders of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Company have adopted the report of the committee of investigation, and authorized a re-arrangementof the preferencede.t anda conversion of the debenture debt into a debenture stock. The desirableness of cultivating friendly relations with the Great Western Company was referred to. The traffic of the Great Northern of France continues steadily to improve, and the results of operations have been generally encouraging. The dividend declared is 45f., which, with the addition of lGf. already paid, makes a total of OIf., or 15 per cent. for the year. At the meeting of the Sambre and Meuse Company the report was adopted, and a dividend was declared of 3s. 6d. per share. Complaints are made of the restrictive policy adopted by the Belgian Government wvith regard to their lines of railway. The late negotiations for a lease of the line to the ArdennesCompanyhave not proved successful. The report of the East Indian Company has been agreed to, and it is considered that the -works are making satisfactory progress. In the ease of the Great Indian Peninsular Company the contracts have been taken within the estimates, and it is expected that the cost of the -undertaking will not exceed 10,0001. per mile. At the Demerara meeting the report was passed, anrd it was stated that the line has been well maintained under the agreement entered into. The directors of the Peebles Railway announce that the balance of revenue will allow a dividend of 2 per cent., but that at present they consider it prudent to wait until the end of the year before they recommend any distribution. At the Leven meeting the dividend declared was at the rate of 44 per cent, on the share capital, and the independent working of the line since the termination of the arrangement with the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Company has been satisfactory. The report of the Inverness and Nairn Company mentions that it is fully expected the works connected with this undertaking will be finished by the next half-yearly meeting, and that the capital account will be closed. The arrivals of gold this week have been about 200,0001. The shipments, including 200,0001. to Turkey, have amounted to about 250,0001. The East India and China Association have published their usual comparative statement of the number of ships, both British and foreign, with their aggregate tonnage, entered inward and cleared outward with cargo from and to places within the limits of the East India Company's charter from the 1st of January to the 31st of March, 1855 and 1856. According to the statisticrs of the vessels entered inward, the return for the port of London shows a decrease of 31 vessels and 8,971 tons, the difference between 197 vessels, with a capacity of 1 09,484 tons in 1855, and 166 vessels, with a capacity of 100,513 tons, in 1856. Liverpool figures for an increase of 8 vessels and 14,339 tons; the arrivals in the former period having been 62 vessels, with a capacity of 39,364 tons, and in the latter 70 vessels, with a capacity of 53,703 tons. With regard to Bristol there is a decrease of 3 vessels, with an increase of 806 tons; the arrivals in 1855 having been 10 vessels, with a capacity of 2,917 tons, and in 1856 7 vessels, with a capacity of 3,723 tons. The return for the Clyde exhibits a decrease of 2 vessels and an increase of 722 tons, the difference between 8 vessels, with a capacity of 3,414 tons, and 10 vessels, with a capacity of 2,692 tons. A review of these figures shows a net decrease of 24 vessels and an increase of 5,452 tons; the ailivals in 1855 having been 277 vessels, with a capacity of 155,179 tons, and in 18a6 253 vessels, with a capacity of 160,631 tons. Theprincipal arrivals were from Calcutta, Madras, and the Cape of Good Eope. According to the statistics of vessels cleared outward the retun for the port of London exhibits an increase of 6 vessels and 5,905 tons; the departures in 185a having been 157 vessels, with a capacityof 94,784 tons, and in 1856 163 vessels, with a capacity of 100,689 tons. In the case of Idverpool there is a decrease of 9 vessels and 11,197 tons, the difference between 98 vessels, with a capacity of 80,444 tons, and 89 vessels, with a capacity of 69,247 tons. The figures for Bristol show a decrease of 2 vessels and 459 tons; the departures in 1855 having been 3 vessels, with a capacity of 1,641 tons, and in 185G 1 vessel, with a capacity of 1,182 tons. Witl regard to the Clyde the results show a decrease of 3 vessels, with 2,534 tons, the difference betw een 25 vessels, with a capacity of 16,044 tons, and 22 vessels, with a capacity of 13,510 tons. Taking the result of the whole return, there is a net decrease of 8 vessels, with 8,285 tens; the departures inl 1855 having been 283 vessels, with a capacity of 192,913 tens, and 275 vessels with a capacity of 184,628 tons. The principal decline has been in departuLres for Australia, Calcutta, the Mauritius, Java and Sumatra, and Arabia. According to a Parliamentary paper puiblished to-day the amount of the national debt on which no income-tax was paid in the year ending the 5th of April, 18a5, owing to the income of the holders being below the taxable point, was 28,714,8391. The niumbeer of accounts on which exemption was claimed was ,48,793. The annexed informnation relative to the progress of English miining adlventure is condensed from the iIfiri7ig Journal . : "The mine share-mark-et has exhibited rather more life this week, and the low prices of shares has brought forward several purchasers. The total amount paid in dividends upon 1 Britist nuines diuring April was 23,8977. At Brvnford Hall meeting a dividend of 57. per share was declared. At East Pool meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 3M4.; a dividend of 2?. l*s. per shiare was declared. The committee of the Brightside Mining Company have declared a dividend-of 21. per share. At Tather Hearth meeting the acconuts showed a balance to the credit of the mine of 4287. ; a dividend of Is. per share was declared. At Eyam Mining meeting the accounts showeda balance in favour of adventurers of O60. -t Treleith Consols meeting the accounts showed a balnce in favour of the mine of 571. At North Downs meeting the accountg showed .a balance in favour of the mine of 242?. At North Bosewarne Mine meeting the accounts showed s balance in favour of the adventurer of 727.; a call of 5s. per share was made. At Great Polgooth mietiDng the ac- counts shtowved a balance against themine-of :24s. oeat South Whesd Ellen meeting the accounts showed a balance q;ntur.nlessSQ, of324scall of 72,s.(d, prsare waws; made. At Great Crinnis meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the adventurers of 208f. At Belier and Basset United meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 189!. ; a cadl of 10s. per share was made. At Creegbrawse and Perlkevil United meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the nine of 2X)/. AtfHalamanning anld Croft Gothal Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 70!." With regard to foreign mining adventure the following is the only paragraph of interest - "At Great Nugget Vein Gold meeting at Sydney on January 21st the report submitted stated that the company had been formed three years and a-half, and during three of that period the minmes had been under the control of the Colonial Gold Company, on terms highly favourable to both parties ; but the board considered it groundless to hope for profitable returns from mining the claims in the present state of the labour-market. The board w.ere of opinion that the best course would be to return 7s. 6d. per share on the V. shares, and half that amount on the 10s. shares. The report was unanimously adopted, and after considerable discussion I it was left to the directors to dispose of the debentures, if they deemed it advisable, to pay off the instahuent proposed as soon as possible, or to remit them to England for realiza. tion there, if found expedient. The Mexican and South American Mlining Company have advices from their smelting establishiiients in Chili by the Magdalena. On March 15 a very heavy rain fell; which lasted the whole of that andthe three following days without intennission-an occurrence which fonms quite an event in a country where drought forms its most striking feature. This heavy fall has done considerable local damage, but its effects on ve"etation will be so important as ultimately to make tie benefit greater than the injury, by affording the means orf mule traffic from the several ore districts. The Henry Ranking was about to leave for Tongoy, to complete her loading with regulus. Fronm Caldera the datbs are to March 18. The Eleanor Chapman had left for Swanses with 55 tons of argentiferous copper regulus, 80 tons of copper in bars, and 300 tons of copper regvlus. The Frederick had also left for S vansea, with about 300 tons of copper regulus."
I RAIL WA Y AND MINING SHABES Saturday Evening. The railway-market was rather firmer to-day, and prices generally in the later hours showed an improving tendency. The operations were unimportant, but pnrchaseis, on the average, preponderated. French and Belgian shares were steady, but Indian descriptions were scarcely so2well supported. There was little alteration in mining securities, few transactions haling taken place in them. Ottoman Bank closed I to 1 pm.; Bank of Egypt, stoi pm.; National Discount Company, 4 to -dis.; Western of London, 4-4 to Si dis.; London and Paris, 31 to 2@ dis.; illiance Bank, 1I to j pm.; Riga Railway, toJ pm.; and Lombardo-Venetian, 5o to 6 pm. ORDINPARY SHARES AiqD STOCIMS.
TP&DB WITH RussLL-Peace was proclaimed by the Mayor of Newcastle-on-Tyne on Friday at the Sandhill, and at the ancient Vhite Cross in Newgate-street. It seems that the merchants of the north-east ports will not be slow in resuming trade with Russia. The Tyne and Continental SteamNavigation CompanyproposetoputtheLordRaglan, new screw steamer, on the ;ronstadt station as soon after the Ist of Alay as the navigation is open ; and the West Hartlepool Steam Navigation Company propose runring a teamer, with goods and passengers, from that port to Cronstadt, once a fortnight after the 7th of May, durin the Baltic season. MlEr. Panton, of Newcastle, has puroed two new steamtngs named the Volga and the Stremna, which ill be sent out immediately to Cronstadt for commercial rurmposes. Those vessels -will be placed under the command of two Tyne seamen who durming the war were employed as Baltic pilots on board of British line-of-battle-ships. CRYsTAL PALAoE.-FfV S nLLUa DAY.-Saturday, May S.-Admissions on payment, 166; ditto by .season tickets, 8~33: total vistors, 99)9. fAdvertisement.]-"Educate the people!" is now the gewtacalc Jh Caesell's aS$dvice toth peo°ple is educate yourselves; b n.bt cencef Poplaly lzlaied cm~aing&OO qesmao vrios ranhe o
.THE COBV TRADE. -W L 3 LrVEP,oO- K4-r3. The returns of sakles of Br-itish wheat, as per 1 Gazette," for the. week ending the 26thulIt. are 27,23 quarters, at Us.,Ild, per quartercorresponding week- ISil, $2,IS0 quarters, at fif. Id. per sprart-er; ditto, 185, 64,590 quarters, at 79w, Sd per quarter. Keen ensterly winds have prevaiele since Tuesday, keeping out supplies of grAai and Boor. The general demand the last two days has been Pretty uniform for the leading articles, wheat sand flour, to consumers, and at yesterdlay's market holders of good useful qualities of both hal brtiiaimnofpricesin their favour. Secondary qualities scarcely noticed. Indian cornwas heldwidth firmness for Tuesday's prices, baitthe buyers wanted a -naIl abatement. No chantge observable in the value of any other article of the mark-et, either Yesterday or to-day. The weatheris exceedingly cold, and hurtful to fruit blossoms and new I otatoms NOTTINGHAM, NfAv 3, A considerable quantity of rain fell during the past weel, and the weather gener.slly hasbeen very cold During twro or three nights the frost was very sevuere This has greatly checked the grwth of vege-- tatloo, hut, so far as~we can hear, hias had no more serious effect. The setting in of warm dIry weather would noon be followed by a rapid chatnge in the faceof the country. The frosts above alluded tobaving occurred near-ly amouth interthan xcpetct, the brickmakers of this negighbcurhood have .suffered vrery extensive losses Their floors were all full of newly-miade brick-s at the time, and many hundreds oftboussndswererpoiled. Being previously veryscare, ,this hshad the effect of increasing prices. .Agriculturat Produce having made great prices duming the"'a-t threepIears, a great stimulus has thereby been given to agricultural improvement, and the demandfor draining and se~wage tiles andl pipeehas been very considerable. We ha a good supply of wheat.At our ararketto-day; an advance of Is. to 2.peroquarter was obtained by The selers. Afew sales of barley were effected at last week's prices. Oats were more inquired for;anid beans fully supported their value. The Present princes of grain and flour infrottinghasmn are as follows:Wheat, white, lOs to fi2s. per 36 stone ; red, CIs, to Y5a.; barzley, for mnalting, 42s., to 4Ts. per quarter; for grinding, 37s. to lila, Per z0 atone; oats, 2ie, to 3Z2s per 24 stone;- beans, old, SOs. to 5Ia. Per 38 etone ; njew. 41s. to 47s.; :lour,sttper, 52fs. to 57s. per 2Ostone ; Rue, 47s. tobl1s. LEICESTEB, MxwA 3. The weather has been vry variable durinig the week hut, on the whole, favourable for the progress of. vegetation. 'Wheat has very ranch improved dluring the past fortnight;: the pilant look-s lu-xuriant, and, in fact, raswell as the farmer could desire. Fromn the barley districts we have vetry promising accounts of the appearance of the yountg plant, which haraly at any former season- looked better. Oats are looking well, as also do beaus. The graSslands havexmade extraordinary progres~s during the last ten days, and -we -shall to all appearance have abountiful crop. Fat stock, commnands high prices. At Market Harboroiigb, with a6 large supply, store beasts sold readily at advanced rates, PAt sheep realized &L. per lb. At our own mark-et the supply of beasts wa good, anid last week-'s prices were Obtained. In sheep the trade auded, dull at former rates. Beef, 6.jd. to 7jd.; mutton, ild, to 7i4d, perlb. Our corn-mark-et this morning was welt supplied with wheat, and the att~endance of farmers and millers was numecrous. In wheat there 'was an advance of Ir. Per quarter over the quotations of last week, witha tolerable demnand. Barley was in lmitedlsupp)ly,andthe trade ruled dull at the prices of last week. In oats there was an 4advance of Is. per quarter, w,ithbhut asabort supp)ly. BeanissolditIs. per quarter more money than last weekc. 'White Wheat, 72s. to i6s. ; red, 70s. to 72s.; barley. 44s. to I6s. ; oats, SOD. to 3Gw.; beans, Ifs. to 5le. per quarter, Fine flour. 51s. to 5Os. ; aerouds, 9so. to 5Os. ; thirds, 7sir to lOs. per quiarter, DERBY, MAYr 3. The weather has during the past wreek been very stormy, but still not inimical to the Progress of vegetation. The greater part of the pastmonthwas unaseasonablydry; butduring the last fortnightthere baa been a cousiderable downfall of vain, which has made a wvonderfol change in vegetation; and at the present time the wheat crop is looking as well as the most sanguine could desire. The open weather is very favourable to the young barley crops which now look very luxuriant. W%inte-rbeanasare looking verywl,ausalsoareoeats. The grass crop, which for several years past has been an indifferent one, gives excellent promise. Fat stock hasz thisi wee], commanded better prices. ,At Alfireton fair the supply of fat and store beasts was good, and high rateswere obtained. In sheep there wasnotmuch business transacct,a. At our mark-et fat stock wereM in good supply, and soles were effected at high rates. Sheep also sold at advanced rates. Beef, 6jdL to it; mautton, 7d. to S&I per ib. ' At our market yesterday the lattendance of farmers and mnerchantis was numierous, although the supply of wheat was not an avenage onle. In wheat the demand was but limited, anid farmers succeededl in oblamiing an advance Of fullyis. per quarter over the curreucies of last week. There was notmuuch-i-arley offering,and what was disposd of realised the full prices of last week.2 Oats were in short supply, and Gd Per quarter dearer. Of beansthere warn limited show,and the trad'e I uled dull, at an advancs of Is. per quarter over last week's rates White wheat., Ifs. toi7Ss. ; red 70s. to 72s. per quarter ; malting barley, 47s, to 9s. per Imperial mecasure; grinding barley. 3ie. to SOs. per 30Ostone. Old Oats, 2ls. to X;%. .;now, 27s. to, SO. per 24 stone. Old beans, MOs. to 52Os.; new, 43s. to Ifs. per 38 stone. flour, ,Os. to 1s. ; super flour, 533. to 545. per 20 stone. LINCOLN, Iday S. - There has been agreat fall of rain since our last, and the weather has been exceedingly severe, taking into consid(eratilon the season of the year. We have very flattering accounts respecting the appearance of the young wheat, -which in most districts is looking bealthy and Strong. BlarleY is also 'Well spoklen of, the weatherbeing Peculiarly fa,vourable for this description of grain. Beauis are loosingwell, antI give good prorates, and the same remarks apply to oats. The pasture lands have undergone a wonderful change during the last fortnight. anud this Year thene is every prospect of a good crop of hay. In the sales of fat stock eurinigthe week- advanced -prices have beeni obtained. At Boston, with a goodi supplY, beef realized higher rates than last week, Looith sheep fair was well supplied, endl the best descriptfions were sold readily at good prices. At the market for fatstork fat beats realised as mush as Ss. to OS, Cd per stone. At Peterborough beef fetched Ss. per stone ; andl mutton 7d. perils. .Atouroirn market beasts were in limited supply, and the best qualities realized OS, to Es. 6d. per stoeno; mutton, 71d. to Ed. per lb. At Spalding ifsir fresh, beasts maet with a ready sale, at advianced prices Fat sheep made SO, per lb. In lean stock there was not2mush doing. At our market yesterday the shiow of -wheat was small, and the attendance Of farmers and- merchanits numerons. Tn wheat the trade ruled dull, and farmens sucoeeded in obtaining an advance, of Is. to 2s. per quarter over the rates of last week, -which milensreluctautiy submitted to. The barley traderuled firm; The suppJ3ly as sm all,ad t'he extreme rates Of last week, were obtatined. Beans were en avenage supply, and sold at prices rather in favour of the grower. Thene were no0t many oats on offer; whatsamplesawere disposed of wvere at the rates of Ilast week. White wheat, 7Os. to 77s.;: red, CBe. to 71s. ; mailing hb,rley, 44s. to 4da.; grhirding barley, Z9s. to i2s. ; oats, 2Us, to Sis. bearns, I2a. to 5Ds. per quarter. At BOston wheat sold at last week's6 prices, with a limlited demnand. Basteyuumaltered. ricaus and oata maintained lastweekes Prices. At I=un the denmcnl for wheat was good, at an advance of Is. to 2a. per quarter upon last weelks rates; barley maintainted last -week's rates, oats and beaus were unaltered in va-lue. At Sleaford wheatruledt r-thier dull, at last week's rates; Other sorts of grain without alters.- ' ion. At Newark there iwa a good suPPly of wheat, which sold at ian Advance of 2s. Per quarter upon last weci0a prices ; barley m"rbtaioeil last week-'s rates; in Oats and beans there s-as no alteration. At Market itasen thene uwa no alteratiou in the price of wheat; barley main tained full rates; oats and beans sold at late prices. At Gainshorough there was an advance in wheat of in. per quiarter upon last week's curr. ucies; barley commnanded extremne rates; no alteration, in other aorta of grain. At Louth wheat advanced Is. to '-' per quarter upon last week's currncies ; barley scarce, at hi~st week's rates; oats sn-I beans sold at unaltered Prices. At Spalding wheat -was in active dle-- arad, at an advance of 2s. Per quarter over last week's currencies; barley was rather deaxer ; oats and beans weie the tur dearer. At Uppisgham the quiotations were :-Whitos wheat, 70s, to 7Us. ; red, 8sa. to i0s. ; barley, 41s. to 4I-is; oats, 27s. to 30s. ; beaus, 40's.to 45s. per quarter. DONOASTER, Mixt 3. -We continue to have a prevalence of cold east and north-east winds, with frequenit frosts, miore or less severe. Although w,arrstweather is now verYmnuele wanted for almost tall kinds of vegetation, the little Occasional sunshine we have seems to keep our more hardy plants on the move. 'Wleat generallY is looking well, and, with the exoeptfon Of a6 few yellow patches, is thriving, in spite of the, unfavourable weathier. None of ouir farmers this morning make any complaint as to the appearance of the crop, wlinch has now risen to some height abovegroundl, and for the miost part stands as thick, as the genem,lity Of growers Care to see it at this period of the year. Barley also continnesato look uncommonlY well, and presents every Prospect of a fine crop. Oats are coming up very satisfactorily. Beans have not made mush Progress lately, bnt, for a late crop, have a satisfactory appes!rance. :Peas now showr well above ground, and have gut a fair start. Potaitoes are also up, but some of the earlier sorts haLve been cut off by the frost, andI the plant presents a black- appearane prbby however, they will cub' be retarded a littie in their growth. The horn Plant is backward hut strong, and of a good colour, and so far pro-- mises well; but the crop) is sovery Precarious that it is never safe until it isgot in. The fruitse-ason willnot,perhaps3,besRoabundantaslast year. PearS wdi Certainly be scarce; apples are toleMably plentiful. Of wall-fruit it is too soon to speak-, as the bloom cannot get out, and it is quite as well that it shoulad naot until we have a more genial ranue o tempenture. Smallfruit hasbeen cutoffbythbsfrost to some eate,st, ad it is expected gooseberries wilibe scarce. One or two showers of hail which have fallen this week, have proved somewhat destructive to the blossomijust setting. Pasture fleldsbook verYfreh4and gren,ant have now got a goodZitie of grass upon them. Oceaslonal showers, keep the herbage g-rowing, and with a little warmth it would shoot up) rapidly. There is an excellent prospect for the hay han-eat. Seeds ad young closera hare sleffered from the night frost, especially where they are dePastured. G~old, showersansucahminesucoceeding each other In-rpid alternation force thegrwhoteplnsomcthicms up very tender, and then the slightestfrost curlsitupand takes itoff-Ineornecasesourfa-rmerslharehadagajn to substitute cak-efors-eedsas ford for sheep. The cattle trade of the distrit, howrever, continues to be animated, sod the late advrance in the value of both beasts and shieep is fullymnaintaiaej.. At Oulr market thi-i morning there was a large show, of wheat for the sesn of thle Year, the sackts to the stores reaching to the full extent of the space allotted to this kind of gMinj, andi the hand samples -were proPortionably numnerous. We owed this liberal display mnainly to thebuoynruy of the prnialmret,adth -t fte amr bun abule tD bxng :(erward suach aau=esr up4vihntbe months of lextharvest showspretty clearlythattheir estimate of tie last crop was a good deal under the marks. Our market has never beea better supplied during any eight months than it has been from last September to the present time, and the stacl;yards in this locality are not probably any more exhausted than usual at this period, notwithstanding the statemnents we hear to the contrarm. We had a large attendance of buyers; those from a distance fully expected to have to Pay higher rates, but the ample supply in the market altered their tone. The trade ws very slow until withia half an hour of the close, holders demaanding an advance, which miMer and factorsalike refused to give. Tnis demandbeing at length abandoned, a brisk trade was done at about last weel-'spriccs, one ortwoof the finer samples of white fetching, perhaps, a trifie more. Consddering the heavy supply on offer-some holders having 200 or 303 loads-a fair quantity changed hands. Barley was in greater supply than last week, but the best trade is evidently over for this season. 3Waltaters are indifferent about buying, and the seed trade is quite closed. Prices are almost nominal, but lower, if anything. The trade in oats and bean8 iws very dull and heavy, there being scarcely any demand. Prices wereinfavour ofthebuyer. especiallywhere saleswere pressed. The following are our quotations to-day :-Weat, at 24 to 27a. per load of three imperialbushels: blendcorn, 22s. to 25. -; rye, 16s. to IS ; new beans, lOs. to 7s.; fine, lSs. to 1°s. ; old beans, 20s. to 21.,; peas (gray and white), 17 to iBa,; oate, 24s. to 28w. per quarter; fine, 29s. to 3Ss.; grinding barly,- 40s. to 42S.; malting barley, 43K. to Sgs.; fine, 46s. Oflictal avenge prices since this day week :- Wheat, 7is. 2ld.; barley, Ss. 9Pd.; oats, 25 .; rye, LOs. lid.; beans, 39as. d. - The corn-markets in this district have, almost without exception. beennrerailysupplied,with grain, -particr!lalywheAt. The vatac of this a.ticle has generally lad an upward tendency, the actual advanoe obtained ranging from s. to S. per quarter. The demand for barley ba falen % considermaby, and where an moUnt Of busjim haS becn done prices have receded, but the tade altogether ha beers rgtherquiet. Beans have been nerl stationary, but thepricelhas varied a little with the demand, the advance or the decine noted not exceeding is. Oatshavebeen rather depressed. GIOCESTEI, MEs.3 Our reoeipt; ofwheatfromabroad this'eek havebeen lmited4" a cargo of127 kilogrmes from Bailar. We have 40 quarstersen Portemoutb, 1,000 barrels of barley, and about 1,800.barrel of oats from Ireland. Notwithstanding the final ratification of peace taiti, weeklthe corn trade, inteadof experiendngadechne, bsbeen friner. Anda further advauce in prioes must be quoted, the news havst already been auticipated and acted upon, Dlish wheat is worthIg, per quarter more money, and.foreign quite as firm. Euglish 'white, wheat, 6k to 70s ; and red, 66s. to G8e per quarter. Foreign as under :-Choice Danube, 6SI. to 70k; Brallow, is. to 66S.;. Spanisb. 6L to 70k: and Ancona, d5s. to G3a. per 450hb. Malting barley, 39g. to 42L ; and grinding, 36k, to 35s per quarter; English beans, I, to 445. per quarter for new, andi4s. to 4i for old; Egyptian, 34s to S- per 8-651Ib.; and French 3Ss. to 42s.; Irish oats, 23. 6d. to 24s, Cd for white; 23s. to 2s for tawny; 22& d. to 23s 6., per 312tb., foc black. Euglish breaking peas, SOs. to s.; and grindecs, 42& to 44g. per S ii1ib. WORCESTEI, 3L'rY S The month of 31ray has come in with anyhhing butbelmy weat-era. On the contrary, we have bad this veek a succession of cold, bUting wind and Lfrsty nights. The frost of Thursday night wa avery severa one, and did immense damage among the early potatoes and fruit. There was a promise of an abundant crop of gooseberries, currants, plums, &e., in the Vale of El eEham, the garden of the mnidland dist rict, which this cruel frost has comnpletely and veritably "nipped in the bud." Ournmarket to-day has evinced a disposition to a further udsunce; English white wbeatis worth S. 2d.to es. 6d., and red Ss. Bd. toSe-ter buiel; mxitting barley, 5s. to Ca. 3a., and distillg, 41. 9d. to s.; new English beans, 5s. 6d. to-3 Md., and old, 6. to Gb 6d.; nglishb eats, fs. to 4s. 3d., and Iirsh g 6d. to 4d. per 359h.; white. Peas, Ss. 9d. to Gs.. and gray. 5r. to Es. d., perbusbel- vetches, rs. Gd_ to 7. 6d. perbushiel. LastWorcester averages:-hbean £3 7s. j. barley, £lT7s. 4d. and oats, Ci lOs. per imperial quarter. - All the neighbouring markets have been steady. At Wolverbhamp ton, on Wednesday, the value of wheat was enhanced ls. per quarter. At ildderminster. on Thursday, a similar firmness wes exhibitedin. the trade. At Brorumgrove wheat sold at Ss. Sd. to 9s per 61b,; maltingbarley,s.toS5a4d.perbusel; oats, 13s. to l4s. per srcore; old. bean-' 1S, and new, 16s to 17s. COLCHESTER, MnT Z. Thetrade here to-day, asl in most of the,:markets of the districts ha; improved both as to extent andprice, the fanners having broughtthelrsuppliesferwardfreely, audall thefine samples beingtakenoffbythaE millers and merchantuat au advance of Is. to IF. GL per quarter upon. the prices of last weekx. Oat beans, and peas were 6d. to Is. dearer. Wite wheat, 69; to 73s.; red, 2o. to Gts; barley, 30s. to 40a; whitz peas, 40s, to 42s.; gray, 36s. to 4Dd, Yesterday, at Chelhsford, the wheat t-ade in the early pert of thIn market was not very active, but the buyers afterwards advanced the quotations o. per quarter. ad agood business was done at these rates, asfew samples of flue quality being taken away unsold. Barley antl beans were dearer. White wheat, -1s.to 75k; red, We. to 67s.; barley, 30s.; chevalier. 33k to 42s.; grinding, 2s. to 36 ; ticlibeans, 35Sg to 37s.; harrow, 37s. to 393; mazaman,. 31s. to NCs. iNORWICH, ArY S. The weather has become extremely cold and uneasonable. Thof abundance of rain must, however, have been favourable to vegeta- tiol. A very gocd autbhority states that tbe growingwheats look generalfr well. insomedistricts, however, tbeyaretootickadaind otherstoethin. Ilougbinguphostaken placeinTeryfew instances, andmostlr inthe fells, where the wheat plant is not looking generallyhealthy The early-sown barleys vegetated slowly, but the crop Is nowlookig: Well, and a further improvement in anticipated. Oatsare not spokenof Eo favourably. At King's 1y-nU, on Tuesday, Is. per quarter more money was pai& for the finest samples of wheat, but other qualities only commandedL last week's rates. The came state of thines also prevailed at GreatYarmouth on lVeduesday. At St. Bury St. EdmundEs, on the same day, prices were unaltered. At Bungay, on Thursday, the supply wae chort, and, the miuers beiug low in toeck, an advance of Is per quarter was realised. The barley season bas now so far advanced that tmnsactionshaTobecome extremely limited. There isno alterationto noteinprices. Oats, beans, and peas also exhibit little change. Here to-day there wasa good supply of wheat. Prices were generally Is. to 2s. per quarter higher, with a fair sale. Barley, oats, beamst, anfdpeasfullyas le.ar. Theprices of inferior desmriptionsareirregular, but the foUoving are the general rates for vheataodbarley:Wheat, white (weighing 621b. to SSlb. per imperial bushel), 7ks to 76s.; ditto, red (weighing 0lb. to C31b.), 6Ss. to 70s. ; barley nalting (weighiug 59th. to S31b.), 40s to 42s.; ditto distilling (weihming MMt. to' SIIb.i, SIs. to Ms. per quarter. At the last weekly auction at the. new mills in this city dour went off at 46s. 3d to 4Ss. 6d. per sack. Latest averages:-Wheat, 3,1iei quarters, 6CS (against 2,831t quarter-, 67a. Id. corresponding period last year); barley, 697 quarters, CIs. 9d. (Pgainst 875 euarters, I0Id.:correpouding period lastibear); beans, 10 quarters, 43S. READING, aTr 3. A grat change has occurred in the weather simce our last report. The windhasbeen mostsevere, blowiDg chiefly fromtbes eas2t, sotheast, and north-wet, and accompanied by frost each night, so t*hat theyoung wheat plant on the light aces has received much damage ; the, fdags are quite brown, and, inless we soon have a favourable changa. andwaom showers, the plant will be destroyed. Even on the best descriptiou of soil the cold winds have sadly checked the growth ot wheat, and its appearance certainly is not very encouraging. If proof were needed of the growing shortness of the stocks of vheat in the hands of the farmers it was afforded to-day by the scantysupply of this grain in the exchange 'when the market first opened. Contrastig it with what it was afewv eeks since, the diinution vas most striling, and, looting at the quality, it was manifestly mu,cb iLferior-at least, 'we must say, the chief bulk of it, and reaUr fne saa,ples were scarce. The great shortness in quantity, as wvel as a- knowledge that our mealmen were running lovw in supplies, induced_' holders to make a stand for more money, andthe presence ofseverat strange dealers giving an impetus to trade, Eales went off quickly irn. the early port of the day at an increase of 2s. for the prime qualities,. and of about Is. per quarter for the interior lote. Additional arrivalcbefore noon checked the activity which previously prevailed, and the marlret finisheddwith rathler a slow trade andpricesverlittle abaveL thisday week. Thequotations must be-forwhite wheat, best quaities, 76 to is ; secondary sorts, 70 to 76s.; bestred wheat, V2s. to 7s, and 76s.; and inferior, 66. to 79- per quarter. The trade in barley for matting and distilling purpoaes bas nowalmost entirely ceased, therefore the main inquiry is for grindung. E3ven vith this description the market was only moderately supplied . the inquiry seemed to be tolerably fair, and sellers were enabled to' exceed late prices by Is. per quarter, and on those terms the business was done. There being some distilling barley on offer, we make the distinction in our quotations, which were-grinding sorts, 3&s to 37s.; distilling, Liq, to 41s. per quarter. The oat stands presentedbut a slhortiquantity, and, asthere vera more inquiries than of late for the eboice sorts, trade ruled active, and on additional Is per quarter wa realized without difficudty. The, rough lots were almost unsaleable. The prices for good Tartary oatsranged from 17s. to 2-ia, and Polandifrom 25s. to2Ss. per quarter. Of beans there has not this year been so small a quantity on sale irn the exchange, and, with the exception for Egyptians, the trade WaM. uncommonly quiet. We must report old beans (Englisb) as seini,from4Ss tof52s, andnewfrom42s. to4Cs. per quarter. Forrlgyptis. beans, as welrve already remarked, tbereis an improving trade, ani.L prics advanced fully Is. per quarter. WVholc beaus sold at 34s. to 35s.. and spht at 24s. to 2r With peas w e are now only scantily supplied, and the business generaly partakes of a retail character. The orny sorts now offered ara for grinding, and the prices are flom ISo. to S2e. per quarter. In grass-seeds extremely little loing, sill sellers experience no d'fi-- culty in maintaining their former rates. Tares are higl, b-at clover saed is a trife lower. Complaints -ire made by the mealmen of the lcw price of flour as compared Nith what they give for vheat, and, thuonh the recent rises in corn would iustify an increase in the price of flour, they are roluctant to do so, as farmers would even then ask more for tlitr wheat; this prevents their making amy alteration, and the prices s.il current are WSi. for households and 5kz. for seconds per sack of 2801b. The growvig scarcity of wheat in demonstrated by the offic'al return from the offlice of Inland tevenue. At our last market there were. 1,387 quarters of wheat sold, as against L5,34in the previous week; 'he mo,eyrealizesl vas;4,'J2l9s. Gd., or 7ts. 3d. persruarter, being areduction of 2s 5d. per quarter. Of barley there sere 31S quarters toldi for £572 Ss. Gi., or an average of 36s. 7d., being a reduction of 7d. p-r quarter on the preeioun week. The opinion itiat wheat is getting low in our rick yards rectives a. confirmation in the higher prices obtained at most of the country markets. At Abingdon, on Monday, the supply of 'wheat wasagain sbort, and fetched an advance of Is. to 2s. per quarter. The price ranged from 6ds, to 02s. per quarrer. At Wlokingliam, on Tuesday there vas but ittle on offe. and prices wer as high as at Mark-la&eon MIonday. On the same day, .at }'aringdon. there was a fair supply, znd prices a little on the decline. On Wednesday, at Basingttke wheat moved off slowly at is. per quarter advance, and tno pricer ranged from G2sa to S6d. At Wantage, on that day, there was a good supply and steady demand, at more money. On Thursday. at NSewbury, the supply wan pretty fair, and sellers realimd ls. to 2s. pier quarter above the rates of the pr- ituns ma.rket. W.heat sold at es.i to 8ks At Hienley, on tnat day, ther was a small shov of wheat, rnd It soldreadilyatisper*qarterincrease. Barley had an upward tendency. 011'tday,at Walingford, there was only a limited show of wheat and is. Per quarter advance was made. At High Wycombe, on the same day, the beat earpes of Wheat oldatls. perquarter higher. The average of seheatwa7Os., and barley soldfrem SS. loSes, Per quarter.
-THE THANKSGIVING-D &Y. TaE 3MROPOLITAN CHtJRCES. ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAT The Lord Mayor (Salomons) and the corporation of the city of London went in state to the metropolitan cathedral. The choir was crowded to excess, and hundreds of persons who-were uMable to obtain admission stood around the doors and avenues of the choir in the desire to participate, 3foiwever remotely, in the thanksgiviog service. The Rev. IC. Packe read the service, with the exception of the lessons, which were read by tllo Rev. J. V. Povah, and the litany, which was read by the Rev. J. Vr. Povah ald the Rev. J. 1. Coward. Sir. Goss playedou the organ, themusical serVice being Boyce in C; tho responses and creed Nares in F. The sermon was preached by the Very Rev. Dr. Slilman, Dean of St. Paul's. The Very Rev. the DE-iN selected for his text the 26th chapter of Isaiah, 12th verse :-" Lord, Thou wilt ordain peace for us; for Thou also hast wrought all our works in us." On the annunciation of peace the minister of Christ might now subside into his proper office. He could mot but feel that his Master's great function on earth was peace. He was emlphatically the Prince of Peace. Although -the minister of Christ -might have acknowledged the due -ecessity of war, although he might have resigned himnself -o its inevitable evils, and borne wsith sad submnission the Itidings of bloody battles, of more wide-wasting disease, of provinces desolate, cities burnt-of thousauds, tens of -thousands (if the losses of our foes were not, as it was to be feared they were not, terribly exaggerated), hundreds of -thousands of his fellow-meni cut off by premature death-death by famine, by plagues, by slaughter, happy if the desolation had not smitten his own horne, his ovn heart; yet all this timie there could not be but a consciousness that he was in a forced and unnatural state. There was a silent Xemonstrance in the inmost soul against war, as of itself zinholy and un-Christian. Although religion mnight justify, ay, almost command it, might ennoble, soothe, mitigate, beautify war, yet w-as not wr..ar the less in its abstract, in its origmn on one side or the other, in its inalienable ferocity, its misery, even in its skill employed on the destruction, not -the happiness of mankind, irreligious and unevangelical. Who w-ould deny the apostle's simple, but awful reply to the sober question,-"V Whence come wars and fightings among you7'" But the providence and the grace of God -were m war, as in peace, over the events, the acts, and in the heart of man. " Thou also hast wrought all our works in us." 'Wherever there was human virtue in the heart of ,Man there was God, there was the dim and cloudy divinity, the likeness of God, in which man was originally created. 'Wherever there was calm self-sacrifice, valiant reliance on ,God, conscientiots discipline, trust in a righteous cause, and therefore a fearless confronting of death; wherever there 'was patience, resignation, religious unrepining, endurance I -of famine, wounds, disease; wherever there was magnani.mity, mercy to the foe, there was God, there was Christ, there was the unseen and, perhaps, unconscious, but manin-lest spirit of our religion, working in its deep undoubted :sphere, the soul of man. He thought it might be said that, -with somue dark exceptions on the side of the enemy -exceptions which, by the indignation they aroused through Europe, and the anxiety to soften, mitigate, and .-xplain them away, showed a deference for a higher code of war-andwith a few acts of lawvlessness on ours, the late -war had been conducted with more straightforward bravery and skill, with less savage, marauding, murderouis ferocity, than any in the annals of man. Let him add in justice that -this was not merely the lofty aristocratic chivalry, as in feudal times, of Christian or of Pagan and Mahomedan ldngs and knights, neither of whom condescended to regard the butchery, the carnage, the famine, the wretchedness, the ferocity of their miserable retainers ; but the laws of -war, the humanities, it might be said, of war, seemed to have reached dovwn to the common soldiery, to the lowliest, least educated, usually the least generous, most savage of men. Nor in tracing the influences of God and of Christ in the heart of -man must webe silent (thoughcarefultospeak inhumible unboastful words) of that deep universal sympathy which had permeated the whole of our Land, from the highest to the hnumblest, from the Throne to the cottage, the eager desire to succour and alleviate the distressed, to pour oil and wine ,into his wounds, to slake the bitter thirst, to infuse -Christian consolation into the heart of the suffering and the sdying-that sympathy showneveninthe bursts, it ight be, -ofnmisdirected indignation ; inthereproaches, possibly unjust -or exaggerated, of neglect or mismanaement, in almost pardonable unchbitarileness towards those who were connducting a -war on a scale unprecedented, which, of old, would .32avebeentthoughtimpossible, and afteralong unnerving peace -a war not however carried on in dim,dark, impenetrable re-moteness, hidden from the eyes of men by its own smoke -and dust, but represented to us in all its horrible distinctness, in every scene and concomitant of misery, suffering, .and death, not with faithful and severe trath, but magnified and deepened, with a broad glare cast over it by that vast -solar microscope-the public press. That sympathy was still more shown in the desertion of their rich and luxusaious homes by ivell-born women-in the exchange by delicate and tender maidens of the pure, sunny, flower-embalmed -atmosphere of their chambers and saloons for the damp, sickly, sultry air of the hospital-in confronting the danger, that most appalling danger to a modest mind, of all the -coarse repulsive manners and habits of the rudest and hardest of mankind, a danger, wonderful as it might seem, awed down at once, and absolutely, and -without exception subdued by the unanswerable appeal to the better feelings, by -the majesty of goodness, by the tenderness which madekind- ness more kind, and added a grace even to Christian charity. These ministrations were of 'leaven, and what noble lessons of visdom may we not have learned from that rede instructress, War! How vainly had Christianity been urging the right way of reaching the heart of man ! How lone had it been preaching in pulpits, tolling its bells for m,oreous ceremonies to deaf ears and disdainful Tlearts ! But so soon as it had gone about, like its divine Author, doing good with wisdom and singleness of purpose, how profound an impression was made, not merely on the sick beds it had visited, the eyes it had closed, the faintiLg hearts it had cheered, but what a wide and untraceable influence might not thesebest of Christian missionaries exert upon Europe, apon Christendom, upon mankind i God may have made -war and human misery His most effective preachers. War might be to mankind at large what affiction ann adversity were to the individual man-the severe yet merciful train. ing to Christian excellence, and the rugged way to everlasting life. WFe were assembled in this noble cathedral to offer -our thanksgivingsfor the return of peace. God had listened to our prayers and had ordained peace forus. God had admonished, if 'we were to trust His own solemn declarations, one mighty potentate that he had a nobler duty of sovereignty than to push forward the boundaries of an empire already of such vast extent; onvisionsof remote ambition, to exhaustresources which fatal experience had shown to be exhaustible; to sacrifice almost a whole generation of his subjects to the doubtful advantage and power of their descendants ; that the tree way to promote the civilization of the East was not by endeavonring to destroy, but to introduce into his olvn bonndless realms the civilization of the West-not by 2nenacing the wealth of other countries, but by developing that of mis own; not by aggressions upon the libertv of others, but by the expansion of liberty among those in his own dominions who groaned under the yoke of domestic or prnedial servitude. God, too, in His mercy, had given moderation to the Powers of the West-moderation to a sovereign on the throne of France, not dazzled by the phantom of military glory, not overstraining the resources of his empire, and not bringing upon an impoverished people the reaction of lon--successfutl, yet finalty baffled ambition-moderation to England, in whom alone war seemed to develope wealth and strength, and who had arrested herself at the instant, just when she felt herself arrayed in her conscious panoply of might. Rare instance in the world's annals !-to find a war commenced on definite grounds calnily, deliberately, ceasing when those ends were attained,-a war of allies, who had been true and faithful to each other, r -t merely during the dangers and strife of war, but in that wb:ch was usually more trying and apt to awaken clashing and con'dicting prayers and interests-viz, the counsels of peace. The present act of worship oughlt, therefore, to be no con-ventonal State ceremony, but a deep inscated feeling of gratitude that the long years of war which seemed to be loommg in the dark horizon had suddenly broken up, and given place to the Placid brilliance of peace. Europe had learnt the solemn lesson that two years of war might drain the -wealth .and even the population of the mightiest empires -to such an extent that they needed repose. Who that considered wviat was done by human invention, science, and -commerce during the 40 years of peace would vaticinate wlhat might be wrought hereafter if God should continue the blessings of peace ? Steam chariots and lightning teleZraphs would stimulate commercial activity and brinzg the nations of the world into more fiie,dly intercourse. As America was now as near us as Ireland once was, so Australia mightbecome vwhat Americanowwas. Let us desire that a pro-founder knowledge of the lawsof the material universo mighit be accompaniedby amore rapid progressto Christianfaith and Chri-ian love, remembering that in all the hi-her questions of theology we are treadin_ on the dubious boundaries of human capacity and comprehension, and on the confines of the limited power of human language. Peace had its perils, he might say its evils, as well as war. He would not say, as some had said, that without war the world would stagnate into base and sordid utilitarianism. But what centuries of peaceful war we had yet before us against the ,miscry andignorance, the superstitions and barbarism, of our fellow-imen ! If war had its nobler qualities peace had its -debasing influences and its practical irreligion. Peaco had -yet to solve the problem of the advance of civilization in -the dark but denselypeopled abysses of society. Thenthere -was the yet usanswered question of education, wvhich could not employ us too much or too constantly, or, if he might s,ay So, too experimentally. Having yielded ourselves when the necessity arose for the duties of war, it was now a3ccessa-v to gird ourselves to the duties of peace. The fItu re of England was in the hands of God, but it was in -the hands of God throughI us. God had made England the parent of miglhty nations, the ruler and peopler of continents, the mother of empires, and our testimony of His bIcssings must be that we hand themi dowvn to our childran's -children. We had not only an earthly inheritance of lofty renmurseences, of traditions of power, hon,ur, and wealth nobly used, but the inheritance of hope and trust in the redemiption of Christ, and the manifestation of his spirit, the spirit of unity and concord, of domestic virtue, of intellecteal excellence, of Christian trulth, and Christian chaarity. After the sermon the holy communion was administered by th2e Very Rev. the Dean, assisted by tho officiating 'clergymen. WVESTMIlSTEPR ABBEY. Yesterday being the day appoinited by Her Majesty in 'Council for solemn thankcsgiving for the restoration of peace -the House of Peers attended divine service at Westminster Abbey. The Lord Chancellor, attended by the officers of {hle House and about a dozen Peers, amrong whom were Earl Granville, the Earl of Shaftesbury, and Lord Harrowby, proceeded from the House of Lords at 10 o'clock. The service and lessons were read by the Rev. Mr. Haden and the Rev. Mr. Lupton. The sermon was preached by Lord Auckland, Bishop of Bath and Wells, who chose for his text Deuteronomy, 8th chapter, 2d verse, "And thou shalt remiember all the way which the Loid thy God led thee these 40 years in the wilderness,tohumblethee, and toprovethee, to know what was in thine heart, whether thou wouldst keep His command- ment or no." Those words, the right rev. prelate ob-' served, were addressed by Moses to the Israelites toeeplain why they had been detained so long from the promised land, but the words were equally applicable to ourselves, wandering, as we were, in the wilderness of the world. We. had lately been subjected to visitations of the three great scourges of war, pestilence, and, to Eome extent, famine-visitations ivhich should tend to humble us. But when we contrasted ourpresent position with that in which we were placed 18 months ago we had also great reason to express gratitude to God for His mercy towards us in granting us .a renewal of peace. So long had we enjoyed the blessings of peace that we were becoming almost ungrateful, perhaps, indeed, unconscious of th' boon, but having now been fearfully awakened to a state of war we should be more able to appreciate the blessings of peace. The right rev. prelate then drew a lively picture of the horrors of war as displayed in the fearful campaign of the Crimea aud the melancholy scenes of the hospitals of Scutari, and reminded his hearers that during the past war at least 10,000 of our countrymen, and no less than 500,00 of our allies and of our enemies, had fallen victims to its destructive consequences. However, if war could ever be said to be lawful, surely the past war was a lawful one on our part. Wl'e had not rushed upon it in order to overcome a neighbour, nor to destroy a rival, nor to add to our own possessions; bat we had interposed between the prostrate victim and the descending sword of the ambitious and the strong, and even then we had not made war until all the mueans of diplomacy and negotiation had been exhausted in vain. We ought now to avail ourselves of the lessons of the past to guide us for the future. God having blessed our armis with success, it now became our duty to devote the repose of peace to the extension of His kingdom and of His gospel. We were citizens of a country which God had been pleased greatly to bless, and where much bad been done by private benevolence to arrest the progress of vice and to enforce the influence of religion; but what had the Legislature done to promote the extension of His kingdom ? Hiundreds of thousands of pounds were voted for the detection and punishment of crime, but how small was the amount bestowed uoon reformatories for children, whom we allowed to grow up in habits of profligacy and misery, whom we left to wander through the streets, untaught to worship their Maker, because we had not the moral courage to vote money for schools wherein to teach them the love of God and Christ! And this arose from our unhappy religious divisions and party differences, which prevented a w-holesome spirit of harmony and of union from dwelling among us. Again, in many large and populous distticts there were no places for the people to worship God, and consequently they were dwelling in ignorance and neglect of His word; and yet the egislature was afiaid to vote money for even a single church, or the stipend of a smIle minister to preach the Gospel to them. At the close of the last war the nation showed its gratitude for the restoration of peace by devotinga million of the public money to the extension of the means of religious worship. Would that be done now? One of the greatest sources of misery and crime was drunkenness, to whose baneful effects Bacon three centuries ago, Sir M Hale two cent-uries since, and judges and chaplains of the present day alike bore testimony. Since the passing of the Beer Act in 18386that vice had greatly increased; and, as in many cases licenses were held by persons of immoral character, whose houses, situated frequently in retired places, were seldom visited by the police, crime had also increased. By declining to amend that act the Legislature had contributed to promote discord, poverty, crime, and disease, for which the increased revenue derived from licenses and liquor afforded little compensation. But, in order to advance the moral condition of the poor, their social condition must be improved, and, although much had been done with that object, still moreremained to be done. Their wretched dw.ellings must be improved, their comforts promoted, and no longer must whole fatmilies be allowed to crowd in single rooms to the outrage of decency, t.he destructionof morality, and the extension of disease. All owners of property should remember that they were but stewards of their wealth, and w.ere answerable for the welfare of those whoms it was their duty to comfortand assist. Some of those whom he addressed possessed wealth, talent, time, and opporuity. Could they not do more towards the suppression of vice and the extension of morality ? In temporal things no nation WaS mlOre highly favoured than ourselves, but he feared we were too much in the habit of attributing our fortunate position to our owna merits rather than to the mercies of God. We should remember that to whom much is given from him much will be required. The vast sums whEich we had lately been spending in war were now at our disposal and might be applied to the progress of morality-to the extension of Christianity. That would be a real thanksgiving for the mercies we had received and for the blessings which we enjoyed. After referring eloquently to the necessity of harmony and union amenp Christians in the great work of Gospel extension, the right rev, prelate concluded by inviting his hearers to contribute to the collection about to be made on behalf of a church to be erected at Constanti-- nople, which would be at the same time a graceful memorial of our gallant fellow-countrymen who had perished in the late war and a humble acknowledgment of the Divine mercy, and which might be the means of bringing many to His throne. In the afternoon Her Majesty and the Court attended divineo service at the Abbey, when a most impressive sermon was p reached by the Rev, the Sub-Dean Lord John Thynne. Her MIajesty's visit was strictly private. ST. MARGARET'S, WESTMI"NSTER. The House of Commons yesterday morning set the en. ample of that " public and solemn acknowledgment" for the blessings of peace which the Royal proclamation had recommended to all Her Majesty's dutiful and loving subjects. Assembling in the House soon after half-past 10 o'clock, the members, to the number of about 1010, crossed over into tha parish church, headed by the Speaker, with the Sergeantat-Arms (Lord Charles Russell), bearing the mace. Among those present were :-Lord Pa]merston, Mr. Disraeli, Sir G. Grey, Sir B. Hal1, Mr. Baknes, Sir 3. Pakington, Mr. Cardwel1, L;ord R>. Grosvenor, Lord Xaas, Admiral Walcot, the Speaker's Secretary (Mr. \VRaldegrave), &c. Prayers were read by the Rev. Mr. Davis, the senior curate, and the sermon was preached by the Rev. Thomas Garnier, B.C.L., chaplain of the House, and rector of Trinity, Marylebone. The preacher took for his text Mark, c. iv., v. 39-" And He arose and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, 'Peace, be still.' And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm." The simple incident here described by the Apostle was, he said, suggestive of lessons at all times of great practical value, but especially appropriate to and needful to be considered on the present most interesting occasion. They were summonea by the highes authority of this realm to Lay their tribute of praise at the footstool of the King of Kings for His great goodness in putting an end to the warfare in which England had been engaged against the world's most colossal empire, and verily such a public recognition of the Divine hand was never more called for or becoming, when they reflected that scarcely more unexpected and miraculously did the calm succeed the storm in the incident mentioned in the text than a state of perfect peace had followed one of the most sanguinary and gigantic struggles that had ever desolated the earth. If tranquillity bad lately taken the place of confusion in our social atmosphere, they should ever remember that it was through the mediationof Himwho had stilled so speedily the tempestuu lake. Having enlarged on the religious senses in which the Prince of Peace e.xhibits himself on the earth, Mr. Garnier dwelt hopefully on the predictions of Holy Writ,which point to a time when the trumpet shall no longer call to arms, the ravages of war shall be forgotten, and the great human family live together in harmony and love. Meanwhile it was for us to remember that the turbulent passions of men were held in check by Him, and that if he permitted them to break Ollt into tumults, revolutions, and sangsiinary wars,Heo still rendered them subservient to that very cause to whtich they seemed so uttterly antagonistic, and employed them as instrutments in forming a hightway, along which the chariot of His glory w,ould move on the more rapidly to its goal. This was a truth which oug,ht not to be lost sight of when celebrating this day our great national thankLgiving. If war was to be regarded as permitted by Him for chastisement, how much more might peace be recognised as the immediate and peculiar gift of the Prince of Peace? He it was w,ho had made the tempest to approach and break over our heads; we supplicated His mercy; and He had now chained up the conflicting elements, so that on the surging waters there had fallen a great calm. KZeeping this consoling thought before us-that all the events of this changeful world were under our gre.at Master's sovereign control-how many constraining reasons for thankfulness arose up before us at this time-thankfulness not only for the removal of a calamity which every right mid would regard as the most terrible scourge that could carse God's earth, but for the many signal mercies and alleviations by wluich, throughout its course, the late vibitation had been tempered ! First of all, ought it not to call forth our most fervent acknowledgments, as we cast our eyes over this short but eventful period of our countrys history, that it had been marked by thecommencement and steady growth of an alliance which had spruDg up between durselves and a people whom we had been too long accustomed to regard as our natural and necessary foes, but with whom we had learned it was our highest mutual interest that we should be confederate both in peace and war? Was it, again, no consolation to remember that when the first toLens of the impending storm showed themselves on the horizon the most patient, earnest, and protracted-he miglht siy Cliristianefforts were made to avert from oiurselves the necessity of unsheathing the sword ? And when at length we did so it w-as with no purpose of conquest or aggrandizement, but' because we conceived that we could not righteoully stand by and see the weak oppressed, the liberties, civilization, and I bappiness of thu world imiperiUed. Ought we not, too, in our ascriptions of praise this d.ay to record how mercifuUy the visitation had been overruled to the product of some of the noblest acts of Christian heroism which the world had ever seen, and howv it had caUed fortli a sympathy, enthusiasm, and generous self- sacrificing open-handednest throughout all ranks of the i people, suchl as Britain would have reason to be proud of to ler latest generation? Could it be necessary to bid them call to minid the matchless, the almost superhuman valour, constancy, and endurance exhibited by our noble soldiers, exposed on every occasion to overwhelming masses of the enemy, and placed at one period under circumstances of exposure to disease and privation the most appalling and the most critical? Failure and disaster had indeed occurred, pernitted, it could not be doubted, in chastisemeut fqt the. national godliness. Thus, it was possible that the number of persons forgetting God might be sO muh diminished a to fonn so great a part of the whole that God might be generally deised while professedly aelnowledged. The Israelites in the time of Ahab departed from God, and, although there were 7,000 left who did not bow the knee to Baal, they were not enough to save the nation. The word of God, without being formally rejected, might become null and void, be never appealed to in our courts of law or Legislature, and fnally eease to be the atandard of our individual actions; or they might suppose it to cease to be the groundwork or the education of the rising generatioD, which would undoubtedly be a national dishonour to God. Christianity, as taught i this land, was the bulwark of public security and domestic tranquilty. Immorality and irreligibn were a besieging army before the city, and if they were not repelled, sooner or later, the fortress must give way. National ungodliness would soon become national ruin. His Grace proceeded to say that a new generation was now rising into action, and their efforts, as now directed, would tend to national prosperity or national degradation. Connected with that parish there were schools in which large numbers of young persons, who had been baptized into the church, were trained in the knowledge and practice of the faith they professed; and to extend these schools he asked the generous contributions of the congregation. The archbishop's earnest appeal was responded to by a liberal collection. ST. STEPHENS, WALLBROOK| The sermon was preached by the Rev. Dr. Croly, rector, from Numbers, 10th chapter, 34th, &c., verses:-" And the cloud of the Lord was upon -them by day when they went out of the camp; and it came to pass, when the Ark set forward, that Moses said, 'Rise up, Lord, and let thine enemies be scattered; and let them that hate thee flee before thee ;' and when it rested he said, ' Return, 0 Lord, unto the many thousands of Israel."' In iUustration of his text the rev. gentleman described the grandeur of the march of the tribes through the wilderness- Balaam's description of it by redundant images of strength, luxuriance, and beauty; Israel protected solely for its religion; the same principle existing still; "Thuse who honour me I will honour." The late war exhibited the moral of God's hatred of unprovoked war. It was a remarkable fact that Russia never gained a single battle -in the whole course of the war; that she was -beaten by the Turks and by the allies in every conflict, though fighting on her own territory, with the preparation of forty years and with a disciplined army of a milion of,men against, troops new to war and worm down by disease; still, that, - with this gigantic superiority of force, she w as always de-- feated, and finally lost allJ the objects of the war, ad was compelled to peace. This unbroken continuance eof disaster had no parallel in the history of war, and was to be accounted for only on the principle of an avenging Providence. God had never left himself without an evidence that the prosperity of nations was dependent on his blessing. Israel was promised unexampled prosperity on the sole con-j dition of preserving the true religion. England had sue-! ceeded to Israel, and had possessed unexampled prosperity as the depository of the true religion. England had the freeesteconstitution in the world; by the gitt of God she had the most extensive empire-she had the most exhaustless opulence-she had the most substantial, vigo. rous, and comprehensive commerce-she had the most productive agriculture-she had the most active manufacturers, with the most intelligent artisans, and the wealthiest, best clothed, best fed, and manliest peasantry in Europeshe had beeh gifted with the two great inventions of the age, the steam-engine and the railroad, the greatest inventions in the world-she was the only country in the world where loyalty was a principle, secure while every other thronehad been shaken within memory, and the continentwas revolutionary at this hour, and those exclusive grounds of superiority she acknowledged to be the sole bounty of Godas His gifts to the professor of the true faith of the Scriptures. The collection for the church to be erected at Constantinople (morning and evening) amounted to 381. lls. 7.d. ROYAL IULITARY CHAPEL, ST. JAMES'S. Sermon by the Rev. R. W. Browne, M.A., Chaplain to Her Majesty's forces in London. Luke xi., 13 and 14 :-" And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, goodwill towards men."-The period which ushered in the advent of our Redeemer was a crisis of the world's history. It was an era of profound peace which had succeeded one of universal war. What state of things could be more. in harmony with the coming of the Son of God, or with the song of the heavenly host who announced his coming as bringing "pDeace on earth and goodwvill to man ?" The only foundation of peace on earth is God's goodwill to man, and the fruit of the love of God is the love of Christians one towards another for Christ's sake. But Christian principles have not yet dominion over the heart of man. Oppression and injustice will at times lift up their heads, and then an appeal to arms becomes a righteous act, and nations are morally obliged to go to war. Such has been the case in that conflict of which God has Dermitted us to see the successful conclusion. God knows with what, reluctance England engaged in this war; but, reluctant as she wss, she hesitated not, when duty called, to sacrifice her noblest sons and shed her best blood in a just quarrel. And, notwithstanding all our sorrows and sufferings, may we not, when we look back upon the past, recogiize the merciful hand of God and see how he has brought good out of evil? Many of you who for the first time in your lives took part in those awful scenes were previously regardless of God's mercies and of a Saviours love; but, in the hour of danger and suffering, serious thoughts came upon you,-you felt what a comfort it was to trust to God's protection-to know that a Saviour's blood was sufficient to wipe away your sins. The effect thus produced became known to your countrymen; it was a death blow to the vulgar prejudice which assumed that soldiers were irreligious. AR are ready to confess that the best Christian is the best soldier, that he who fears God is the bravest man, because he has nothing else to fear. Why had death no terrors for our heroes? Why were there so many examples of determined resolution, not only in the experienced veteran, hut in the youth who then first saw the bloody field? It was because the Gospel was their teacher. Those who on the eve of the battle joined in the worship of God and partook of the Lord's Supper, doubtless felt supported in the heat of the battle ; and was it not the self-sacrificing spirit of Christian love which nerved the heart of him who remained alone to tend the wounded and the dying, even though the task was beyond the power of man to perform, and taught that gn"lish officer to leap over breastworks under a deadly fire of grape and rifle baUs to rescue a wounded foe? Soldiers ! while this war has strengthened and displayed the religious principles of our men, has it not also brought out the self-devoted sympathy of our English women? Many of you remember the Christian heroism of those noble women who left home and parents, and bretherm andkinsfolks, to minister to your sufferings. When they cooled your fevered lips, bound up your smarting wounds, and pressed your throbbing brows, it was their faith in the gospel which inspired their energies; theydid it for your sakes, but the love of,Christ constrained them. The influence of Christianity was felt over the whole extent of the British army. The striking scenes with which men were surrounded spoke to them of God. The very prayers of the church, whichthey had heard and joined insathome often as a matter of form, acquired from passing events a double force and meaning. The author of T'ic Siege of Kars, says, that one night when the enemy was without and cholera was raging within, and famine was spreading devastation equally with disease, a storm of thunder and lightning even caused loss of life. Then, he adds, did we understand the words" from lightning and tempest; from plague, pestilenec, and famine; from battle and murder, and from sudden death, good Lord deliver us." For all this, while we pay a tribute of mournful affection and grateful respect to those whom we have lost, we may not sorrow as men without hope for those that sleep in Jesus. The chivalrous Raglan, the brave Cathcart, the officers and men of your own brigade, died in the discharge of their duty to their country and their God, and though the graves of most are in a foreign land, the crosses which mark their resting place in the burial-ground on that sunny hiU point to the cheerful hope with which they have been committed to God's mercy, and they have a still more lasting monument deeply engraved in the memories of their countrymen. ST. GEORGE THE MARTYR, SOIUTHWARIK. The Rev. W. Cadman, rector of the parish, delivered sermons appropriate to the occasion, on the morning and evening of yesterday, to crowded congre-ations. The morning's discourse was founded upon the 10th, 11th, and 12th verses of the 33d Psalm, " The Lord bringeth the counsel of the heathen to naught; He maketh the devices of -thepeople of none effect. The counsel of the Lord standeth for ever, thethoughts of His heart to aUllenerations. Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, anid the people whom Hehathchosen for his own inheritance." The preacher ineisted upon God's superintendence over the affairs of the world, and of His directing human influences and instruments to the fulfilment of lls owu wise purposes. War, he said, was one of the means by which He accom plished thoso purposes; and it must always be considered as a scourge coming from Him. Whatever view politicians might take of peace, or the treaties by which it was secured it was the bounden duty of Christians to acknowledge His goodness in putting an end to the strife and the calamities or war. In the evening the preacher selected his text from the 45th chapter of Isaiah, part of the 9th verse-" Woe unto him that striveth with his Maker." He maintained God's supremacy over the destinies of the world, and the sin in- eurred by the non-recognition of His hand in every circumstance of life-in the time of our prosperity and amid our afflictions and trials. Well would it be for us, he said, if, distrusting our own wisdom and our own strength, we applied to the revealed Word of God for counsel and direction, for there, under every dispensation, by resignation to the Divine vill and a faithful discharge of the duties of life, we should obtain a sure and an abiding peace. The sermonin the afternoon was by the Rev. Mir. Popham, one of the curates of the parish, froni Ephesians, c. u, v. 17-" And canic and preached peace to you vhich -were afar off, and to them that were nigh." Collections were made after the respective services, which were applied to the fund for building additional churches in the parish. ALL SAINTS' CHURCH, LAMBETH. The sermon in the morning was preached by the incumbent, the Rev. WVhitmore Carr, from Psalm cxv. v. 1. " Not unto us, 0 Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy name give glory; for Thy mercy and for Thy truth's sake." The thank-offerings of the congregation were received on behalf of the All Saints' District Visiting Society and the Orphan Home at Ham-common. ST. MARK'S, NORTH AUDLEY-STREET. The morning sermon was preached by the incumbent, the Rlev. J. W. Ayre, from John, v-, 14-" Afterward Jesus findeth him in the teiuple, and said unto hiim, behold thou art made whole; sin no uiore, lest a worcs thing conle Lunto thee." The sermon in tho evening was preached by the Rev. Harry Jones, from Eccles. iii., 1 and 8-" To everyting 'there is a season and a tume to every purpose under the heaven: a time of peace, and a time of war.i ST. MEARGAPET PATTENS AND ST. GABRIEI, FENCHUIRCH. A sermon waspreached before a numerous muster of the! Hon. Artillery Company, by their chanlain, the Rev. J. HL] Knox, Theolagical Associate of Eing'sCollege, London, and curate of the abovenamed parishes, from the following I text -Ecclesiastes, 7th chapter, 13th and 14th -erses. " Consider the work of God, for who could maL-e that straight which He hath made crooked? Iuthe day of pros. perity be joyful." After alludin" to the various public and private blessings which call forth the gratitude of nations and individuals, the preacher proceeded to give the varions illustrations and exemplifications of the text which occur in these our days, with especial reference to the national celebration whichl the regiment had assembled to honour, and concluded his discourse by an exhortation to practical gratitude. ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH, WESTMINSTER. The Rev. William Tennant, the incumbent, took for his text Psalms xlvi., 9, " He maketh wars to ceasw in all the world." The sermon concluded with an appeal on behalf of the memorial and monumental church at Constautinople. ST. MATTHEW, BEDFORD NEW-TOWNT. The Rev. Charles Phillips, incumbent, preached from Psalms cxlvii., verses 12, 13, 14, and 19 and 20. T'he rev. gentleman commenced his discourse by inculcating the duty of praising God for the common blessings of providence, &-c. There are, however, occasions when praise is both a pre-eminent duty and a distinguished privilege, not because we are under stronger obligations at one time than another, but that, by a special and public recognition of our ,lepend. once on the Dinine goodness we may express before men our obligations. Snch an occasion is presented to our minds this day. The sum of 131. was collected after the sermon, to be divided between the Reformatory, New-road, and one of the charities that have been established in consequence of the late war. ST. LUKE'S, OLD-STREET. The Rev. John Saunders, the rector, preached firom the 29thPsalm, 11th verse (Prayer-bookversion), "The Lord shall give his eople the blessing of peace." The Founder of our Holy religion came into this world on a mission of peace. Angels proclaimed the good tidings, "Peace on earth, good will towards men." It was peace between God andnian, and the Heavenly Host gave " Glory to God in the highest." "To-day we are called upon to offer our thanltsto Almighty God for peace between man and siau, between nations-a peace of the deepest interest to the world. The treaty of peace is a solemn act, 'In the name of Almighty God.' Our beloved Sovereign has associated it also with religions service." ST. JOHES, BEDFORD-ROW. The sermon was p reached by the Rev. J. B. Owen, minister. Text, 2 Kings xx., verses 19, 20. "Is it not good if peace and tru0h be in my days, and the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and all his might, and how he made a pool and a conduit, and brought water into the city," &c. ST. MARK'S, LONG-ACRE. The Rev. C. J. D'Oyly, minister of St. Mark's, Long. acre, Preached from the following te.xt:-" If the Lord himself Ead not been on our side, now may Israel say'; if the Lord himself had not been on our side, when men rose up against us, they had swallowedus up quick.-Psalm 124, verses 1, 2. That psalm is supposed to have been written by David upon the occasion of his gaining the miraculous victory over the Philistines, which is detailed in 2 Samuel v., 17; but it is very applicable to us, who are met together this day to acknowledge God's goodness in putting an honourable termination to the two years' war in which we have been engaged. God has been " on our side."-frst, no doubt, because our cause was iust; second, no doubt, because both at the beginning and during the progress of the war we have more than once publicly, as a nation, acknowledged God's supremacy, and sought His favour. ST. GEORGE'S CIIAPEL, ALBEM:ARLE-STREET. The sermon was preached by the Rev. W. W. Ellis, M.A., incumbent. St. Luke, chap. ii., verse 14 :-" Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, goodwil towards men." ST. MATTHE'WS. CITY-ROAD. The incumbent, the Rev. J. Lawrell, took for his text, in the morning, Acts xx., vese 35; and in the evening, Ephesians ii., verse 14. It is intended to devote the offertory to the memorial church at Constantinople. ST. JUDE'S, WHITECIAPEL. In the morning the Rev. Hugh Allen, A.M., incumbent, preached from the text, Luke ii., 14, " On earth peace. ' The preacher drew tho attention of his congregation to the fact that the incarnation of the Son of God took place at a time when a great peace was proclaimed over the Roman Empire by Augustus, the then Emperor. He then brought forward the peace now established, and for which thev were called upon to thank God that day. This thanksgiving was justified, because it was the successful issue of a mighty struggle for great principles, and the happy and triumphant termination of a terrible war with a mighty enemy. In the evenin" the Rev. Hugh Alen preached from the tex-t, Psalm xix., 11, "The Lord will bless His people with peace." WEST HACKNEY PARISH CHXuRCH. The Rev. T. D. Lamb, rector, took for his text 1 Chronicles v., 22, " There fel down many slain, because the war was of God." The preacher concluded by announcing a collection to be equally divided between the Officers' Orphan Fund and the Soldiers' Infant Home. Nearly 501. was gathered. ST. PETER'S, BETHNAL-GREEN. The sermon was preached at this church in the morning by the incumbent, the Rev. J. G. Packer, from Psalms xix., 10, " The Lord shall give His people the blessing of peace." ST. JAMIES THE GREAT, BETHNAL-GREEN. The Rev. E. F. Coke, incumbent, preached in the morning from the text, Psabms, ciii., 19, "The Lord bath prep'red His throne in the heavens, and His kingdom ruleth over al ;" and in the afternoon from Hebrews iii., 7, "Wherefore, as the Holy Ghost saith, to-day if ye will hear HIis voice." PARK CHAPEL, BETHNAL-GREEN. The Rev, E. F. Woodmain, M.A., preached in the morning from 2 Chronicles, chap. xx., verses 26 to 30. Subject-" The thanksgiving for the peace k-ept by the King and nation of Judah in the Valley of Blessinz." ST. BARTHOLOMEW, BETINAL-GREEN. Li the mornin- the Rev. F. H. Vivian, ILA., preached from the 23d chaper of Proverbs, verse 26:-" Son, give me thine heart." In the afternoon the Rev. J Morison Snody, MLA., from St. Joln, chap. xiv., verse 27:-" Peace I leave wvith you, iny peace I give unto you; not as the world gveth. give I unto thee." And in the evening the Rev. V. Plowvs, M.A_, from 1 St. Peter chap. iv., ver*c 8:" Above aU things, have fervent charity among yourselves, for charity shaU cover a multitude of sins." The proceeds of the offertory and collections amounted to 71. 15s. 6d., which sumisto be given to the LondonHospital. ST. PHILIP'S, STEPNEY. The Rev. James Bonwell, M..L, incumbent. Psalm xxix., v. 10, IL, -' The Lord sitteth King forever; the Lord will give strength unto His people. The Lord wiU bless His people -with peace." ST. DUNSTAN'S-ILN-THE-WEST, FLEET-STREET. Preacher in the morning, the Rev. Edward Auriol, the rector. Text, Psalm 29, part of 11th verse, " The Lord will bless his people with peace." The psalm recognizes the sovereignty of God, and calls upon us to ascribe to Him glory and strength, to acknowvledge Him in His providence; for the voice of the Lord is powerful and fuUl of majesty. It is also full of tenderness and love, and this we are bound to acknowledge this day. The subject, the blessings of peace. ST. MARY-LE-STRAND. The Rev. J. F. Denham. rector, took for his-text lKings, S chap. 56 verse " Blessed be the Lord that hath given rest unto-His people." The preacherremarked on the privileges of the ministers of religion to call the attention of their brethren to the bounties of Heaven, to make them truly glad in the enjoyment of them, to incite men to magnify the goodness of God, to confirm their confidence in Him, and to disclose to them prospects of still greater happiness, This privilege was afforded by the long-desired cessation of the late war. A similar blessing elicited the sentiment of Solomon in the text, who had thereby been enabled to build the temple,-an honour which David, his father, had not obtained in consequence of his warlike and turbulent reign. EPISCOPAL FRENCEI PROTESTANT CHURCH, BLOOMSBURY. The Rev. J. Mudry preached from the first Book of Chronicles, chap. 16, v. 31, "Let the Heavens be glad and let the earth rejoice. and let men say among the nations, The Lord reigneth." ST. PHILIP'S, PENTOlNVILlX. The sermon in the iiiorning was preached by the Rev. W. R. Wroth, B.A., incumbent. The rev. gentleman took for his text Acts 1st, 13th, 14th verses, and observed that, the blessing of peace being now restored, we might joi with one accord in prayer and supplieation with aU thanksgiving; for war, even when needful, is a dire necessity and greatly to be deplored. The collection amounted to 121. 10s. CHRIT CHURCH, ST. PANCRAS. The Rev. H. W. Btirrows.-Isaiah, cbap. 2, verse 4- "HEe shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people;* and they shall beat±eir swords into ploughshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up swvord against nation, neither shall they learn war any A collection was made for the free school of the district. ST. THOMAS'S, LIBERTY OF TEE ROLLS. Morning. -The Rev. T. R. Redwar, L.A., incumbent.- Psamn cxlvii. vers,e 14-' He maketh peace in thy borders, and filUleth thee with the finest of the wheat." Evening.-Thie Rev. W. W. Mills, B.A., cunate.-Psalm xxix, verse 11-" The Lord will give strength unto his people, the Lordwill bless his people with peace." ST. JAMES'S, HOLLOWAY. The Rev. W. B. Mackenzie took for his text Psalmzzivi., verses S to 1I,-"Co,ue, behold the works of theLord, what desolations Hle hath imiade oin the earth. He maketh wars to cease unt') the end of the eawrth; He breaketh the I bow and cuttethi the spsar in sunider: He burneththechariot in the fire. Be still. aid knowv that I auu God; I will be exalted anioiL the heathen I will bq alted in the varth. overweening confidenco with which we went fort]a to the tattle; and yet, it must be admitted that our succNS | had been wondorfuL Think of tho irresistible rapidity with which our brave legions assailed and wars the bristling heights of Alma-the desperate courage which was given them to beat back the countless hosts which burst upon their exposed position at Inkermana on that awful morning, when, had theirhearts failed them, aU would have been lost; and, lastly, their twice-attempted assault upon the most impregnable bastion of their enemy's stronghold, which, though it failed, so effectuaUy contributed to the subsequentevacuation of the place. Reflecting on these events) his hearers would be constrained to acknoovledge that. in answer to the nation's supplications, the Lord of Hosts had gone forth with our armies, and that if we had painfully learned how easy it was for Him to turn the best councils into foolishness, and the most costly preparations into absolute weakness, EHe had also mercifully shown us that He could save by few as readily as by multitudes, and make the most inadequate agencies the victorious instruments of His power. And now that the tempest of bloody strife had rolled by, should we, because we felt ourselves strong and wellgirded for the contest, cherish the bad regret that it had not been fulrther prolonged? W as it for conqueswv a it for glory, that England committed herself to the struggle ? If the professed objects for which we drew the sword had been gained, why now, should we be reluctant to return it to the scabbard ? Should it not awaken in us as much wonder as happiness that two years had sufficed to put an end to a contest which seemed at first likely to grow into Pauic dimension;, and ultimately wrap the whole face of E3urope in its flames?s There was, he admitted, a severe truth in the remark of Burke, "that since war never leaves where it found a nation, it is never to be entered into without a mature deliberation -not a deliberation lengthened out into a perplexing hindecision, but a deliberation leading to a sure and fixed judgment; and when so taken up it is not to be abandoned without reasons as valid and as fully and carefaUly considered. Peace may be made as unadvisable aLS war, and nothing is so ralsh as fear." These w,ere wise and solemn w ords, hut, applied to the test they furnished, our national conduct at this important crisis of our history would not be found wanting. Neither was the late war rashiy cornmenced, nor could it be said that pusillanimity had marked its close -and it was surely amuong the chiefest grounds of thankefulne.ss which the occasion suggoested that so much mingled firmaness, wisdom, and moderation had been vouchsafed to our rulers, that they had been enabled to guide the ark of our country with safety and honour through the great perils which encompassed it, and had now brought it back into the calm waters, which he doubted not w ould prove the waters of a substantial, prosperous, sand lasting peace. Mtany and powerful, then, were the reasons why the whole nation should come up before God this day with a tribute of thankfulness; but he should have most inadequately discharged the solemn duty intrustad to him if he did not renmind them that their thankfulness, to he acceptable, must be expressed in far more than grateful ascriptions or the voice of praise. It would he an ill recompense for a blessing so peerless if they did not employ themselves to improve it diligently to the glory of the Giver. Lot the generous sympathies which the war had called forth throughout the country be directed into a still nobler channeL. They had fought (at how great a cost !) for civilization, for human enlightenment, and human happiness;i let them labour to carry up an edifice the foundations of winch had been laid in somuch sorrow and so much bloodL If the essential elementsof ourblessed faith w ere rigohteousness, peace, and joy; if, wvherever it was most purely taught and simply received, there was most of individual happiness and security, let them strive in their various stations, and according to their positions and respective opportunities, to promote its wide extension amiong men, endeavouring to raise fallen humanity wherever they could reach it from guilt, ignominy, sorrow, throdgh the sanctifying knowledge of thle one true God. And let not the deep silence which had so happily taken the place of the ringing shouts of contending hosts abroad be marred andbroken by the clamour of faction and bitterness at home. Lot not old animosities be revived and stew ones sowvn Holding with the firmest grasp that which they believed to be the truth, and unwilling to resign one particle of what was so precious except with their lives, let their care at the same time be to follow after the things that made for peace and to cultivate that charity which " suffereth long and is kind," their only contention being who should stand foremost in works of benevolence and piety-who should do most service in the cause of his country and his GodL A liberal collection was made at the close of the service on behalf of the church proposed to be erected at Constantinople, and oote hrab objects. CHTA PELF ROYA3L. At the Chapel RoyaL, Whitehall, the sermon was deli. vered by the Rev. Frederick hleyriek, upon the te.xt"Wlhence come wars and fightings among you ? come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?' (Epistle of James, chap. iv., verse 1). MIr. 3leyrick commenced by explaining that the prophecies which foretold the cessation of war alter the introduction of Christianity meant that the tendency of Christianity was to produce peace, and referred to what would be the state of the world if that tendency were not held in abeyance by counteracting circumstances. By Christianity human nature was ameliorated, but not rendered perfect; and while it continued to be actuated by the passions of ambition and jealousy wars could not be prevented. Alter describing the sufferings produced by the late war not only upon these actually engaged in it, but also upon those who had lost friends and relatives during its progress, he pointed out the various reasons we bad for rejoicing at its termination. One of them was that we had ceased to stand in an antagonistic position towards a nation which had on many occasions during the war acted towards us with generosity-a nation to which England and Europe owed a debt of gratitude for actions performed too recentlyto be yetforgotten, andwhichmightaoonbe calledupon to render other services to Europe if the shadows whicheven now appeared above the horizon proceeded from realities. Another was, that our soldiers had been withdrawn from contact with a nation whose vices made it the shame of civilization. The war had not been without its advantagoes; it had proved that England's sons had not degenerated, but still possessed the virtues of patience and endurance as well as of courage; it had exhibited the heroism of the women of England, and removed from Anglicais the shame of not being able, like the churches of Greece and Rome, to organize bodies of women to devote themselves to a lif'e of charity for the sake of Christ. Our fellow-Christians in the East, too, had been benefited, and taught that Russia was not the only quarter to which they were to look for protection. The rev, gentleman then referred to the claims of the Greek Church upon the sympathy of Protestants. from its hostility to the Church of Rome, and concluded by appealing to his hearers to contribute to the establishment of an Anglican church at Constantinople in order to resist the Church of Rome in the East, to bring about the conversion of the Mabomedans to a greater extent than it had hitherto been effected, and to diffuse a correct notion of the doctrines of the Church of England, whose influence its members were bound to spread as widely as possible. A t the conclusion of the seamen there was a collection in aid of the establishment of the MWemorial Church at Constantinople. ST. JAES'S, PICCADILL1Y. Thle sermon in the parish church of St. James's, WVestminster, was preached by the rector, the R>ev. 3. E. Kempe, upon the first verse of the 11ath Psalm, " Not unto us, 0 Lord, but unto Thy name give the praise." When the day was set apart for national humiliation and prayer at the commencement of the struggle which had just terminated, war, he said, was a thing known to most of us only by hearsay. We had hag no ex;perience of its sad and fearful results. We had a righteous cause, and the sword was first drawn by ourselves, and not by our enemy. The scene of strife and bloodshed was thousands of miles distant. The greatest military nation was our ally, and we justly believed ourselves to be the greatest naval Power in the world. What cause was there for humiliation ? What occasion for the whisper of a prayer, when there appeared so little, if any, room for uncertainty ? It was not easy to feel that dependence on the Lord which we were called on outwvardly to excpress. To-day our case was very similar. It was hard now to feel thankful, as it was then to feel contrite. The peace had come before we really wanted it-that was to say, before we had either done enough to be satisfied wfith war or suffered enough to be weary of it. It would seem difficult now to show much gratitude to Almighty God for having made war to cease and restored the reign of peace to E3urope. But, thinkc as we might, war was a calamuty to all engagd in it-to assailed and to assailants-to the weaker and to theo stronger side-one of God's sore judgments upon His people. So it was argued, and rightly argued, with respect to its infiiction, and the reasoning was equally good with respect to our deliverance from it. Let valour and patient endurance have their reward; let wise and skilful statesmen have that credit which was their due; let it be granted that, humanly speaking, the result was natural and inevitable; still we must acknowledge the blessing to flow from the God of our salvation. To Him we oweo the blessing; but there were two impediments to paying the debt of gratitude; one was the not having achieved all we believed ourselves capable of achieving, the other was, not having suffered all that we might ardA should have suffered had tho war been protracted, as at the commencement we expected. Our emotions of thankfulness were languid and feeble because we seemed baulked of our meed of glory just when we flattered ourselves we were on the point of grasping it. Not to speak of the dreadful cost of blood by which it would have been attained he ventured to suggest that, after all oiur high-wrought expectations, we might possibly have been disappointed. The gallant fleet paraded beforetho Sovereign and the nation two years ago was not regarded with less satisfaction or thought less irresistible or Iess destined to lay in ruins the stronghold of the oppressor, than the fleet which a week since conjured up such proud visions of what we should have done to retrieve our shortcomings and establish our pre-eminence had it not been for what was called the prematureinterruptionof diplomacy. The event did not justify the former boast, and in the present instance we mighthavemiscalculated to as great an extent, if not a greater. God might have denied us success, and we might have been reduced to the las extremities of shame and disaster. Ent, adusittinig that it was absurd to imagine -we should have failed in the continuation of the contest which the negotiations for peace suspended-admitting, as the information which now reached us tended to prove, that the odds were incalculably in our favour, and that our late adversary must ore loDg havo been a suppliant for peac on our own terns-adinittinig that all these points-of wvhich he was not competent to judge- were admissible, he suggested whether there was not a combination on the cards which would have easily neutralized our slupposed superiority, if not turned the chances of that terrible game against us? From our Eastern enterprise nothing might be reasonably looked for but a succession of triumphs. But what of those clouds which weze gathering in the Western hemisphere ? Had peace 4othing to do with their dispersion? If they had rolled on Iin&d added their darkness to the political atmosphere, he could nothelpithi fthiteven tEiestout heartaf Th-Paii would have quailed beneath the storm which .wold'havo burst upon her. But let it be supposed that the inighty armament called into existence seemingly to adorn a pa;eant had gone forth to 'accomplish all that was ta Rae expected from it-that those who led our armies had led them from victor to- victory, had oultdone- the 'deels of Napoleon andof. ellington, not to-say ec]ip§cd-'the briliancy of Alma and theoanshaken bravery of Inkermann, still should we as Christians be insenrsible to the mercy which spared us the- terrible necessity of inflicting the terrible suffering which must have attended the presumed success of ourarms? Notto be unnerved in the days of war's necessity by the tears of the widow and the latherless-nay, to be ready to give our nearest and dearest when the common safety demanded it-that was virtue and patriotism. But to take little or no account of human life, to disregard the sufferings of the weakest or meanest members of the community for the mere gratification of our natural vanity or ambition,-that was folly, selfishness, and sin. As Christians aud as men we might devoutly thank God, not so much because He had caused usto vanquish our enemies, as because He had stopped us on the threshold of a probable course of triumphs; we might thank Him for the victories he had not compelled us to win, for the blood he had not compelled us to shed, for the miseries of which we should not be the instruments. Our sufferings by the war having been comparatively light and insignificaut, we wanted the motive of thankfulness which was supplied by a consciousness of our-great deliverance. Yet if we refleited ever so little we mnst see that the circumstance which seemed at first unfavourable to the feeling of thankfulness ought to give it depth and intensity. We should consider howv much we owed it to God's having strengthened and enriched us for a long series of years that, without any sensible diminution of our resources, without interruption of our prosperity, without hindrance of our commerce, without check to that progress which wo all gloried in as the characteristic of the Government under which we lived, we had been able to brig to a successful termination a war with an empire supposed to be too mighty to be shaken by any assailant or any confederacy. The war had taught us to appreciate more fully the long peace which it so violently, but, God he praised, so briefly interrupted, and from the advantages of the peace wvhich preceded the late war we might learn to be grateful for that which was shout to follow it. Wre had come forth from the contest, not only with unimpaired, but with virtually increased strength; our resources were not only unexhausted, but seemingly undiminished. Lot it not, however, be suppes d that, because we had felt so little, we had there. forenecessarily escapedbuatlittle. The continuance of thewar would not have been mere repetition of the trifling burdens and the petty inconveniences of the last twvo years. The presure, hitherto isignificant, would have become irritating galling, wearying, and difficulties scarcely less overurhelmin4 than those to w hich he had referred mighthave embarrassed and surrounded us. The dangers which beset our path were not to be lost sig'ht of when we endeavoured to estimate what we owed to Ga for having turned our feet away from that path and set them in one of rest and safety. The rev. gentleman warned his hearers not to resumethevanities, superfluities, and luxuries which the pecuniary demands of the war might have taught them to dispense with until they had carefully inquirea into the various clahus of humanity and piety which arose inthe state of society inwhich alllived. He illustrated the folly of too much self-reliance, by allusion to the difficulties and disasters we had encountered on the plateau of Sebastopol and upon the waves of the Buxine, and concluded an impressive discourse by leading his hearers, from the consideration of this temporal peace to that spiritual peace which the world cannot give, and which passeth all understanding. - Aimong those present were the Duke of Cambridge, the Archbishop of Armagh, the Duke of Cleveland, the Marquis of Bristol, the Marquis of Aylesbury, the Earls of Aberdeen, Bllesmere, Derby, Eglintoun, and Grey; Viscounts Sydney, Enfield, and Falmouth; Lord A. Hervey, M.P., the iight hon. W. E. Gladstone, 31.P., &c. The collection made in the course of the day for the memorial church at Constantinople amounted to 19-41. 13s. Id. ST. PANCRAS NE, W CHURCH. The Rev. MIr. Dale, the vicar, preached an appropriate sermon at this church yesterday to a very large congregation. The rev. gentleman selected for his text, Psalm 33, verse 22, " Let Thy mercy, 0 Lord, be upon.us, according as we hope in Thee." He observed that this song of praise and of rejoicing which had been most fitly selected for a portion of the service of the day, whether it were or were not the production of the sweet Psalmist of Israel, bore most clearly and unequivocally impressed upon it the mark of a divine originaL Its peculiar adaptation -t the present solemnity, however, consisted in this, that the principles which it developed and the acknowledgment which it demanded. were not only individual, but national; nay, more, were not only national, but universaL Creation of itself necessarily implies supremacy, and, if as the Psalmist declares, by the word of the Lord were the Heavens made, and all the host of them by the breath of His mouth, then are the limits of His kingdom commensurate with the bounds of His creation, and Ie doeth according to His will in the army of Heaven and among the inhabitants of the earth, and none can stay His hand and say unto him, What doest thou? Reason herself, therefore, cannot but respond to revelation, when it is said by the Psalmist-"ELt all the earth fear the Lord, let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him." The pride of dust cannot but fall prostrate before the Majesty of the Godhead when in another part he says, "Put not your trust in princes nor in the sons of men, for in them is no help." £his present solemn act, thenl, of nationalthanksgiving to Him who maketh wars to cease in all the earth, and in whose hand, though they know at not, are the hear.s of princes and potenrtates, of statesmen and of senators, subject even as the rivers of waters to be turned whithersoeverHe will,-this is assuredly a most fitting occasion for the exposition and application of those momentous and eternal principles of national thanksgiving and of national prosperity which this most impressive psalm sets forth. We have been delivered from a bitter and bloody strife, into which, however just and necessary, we were most reluctantly drawn, and by which -we have most severely suffered; in which even our victories and suecesses were only less disastrous than discomfitures and defeat; all the triumphs of which were drowned in wailin, and all the trophies of which were drenched in blood; a strife for which w hile it endured we were compelled to make the most gievous sacrifices; and from which, on its termination, we could scarcely hope to derive a corresponding benefit. F;rom out of that strife-a strife that threatened to be asprotracted as it wis profitless we bave been delivered. But how have we been delivered from it ? Not by the indomitable courage and perseverance of a matchless army, which in its endurance of privations, if not in its achievement of victories, has emulated and overpassed the brightest examples of devoted heroism recorded in the annals of mankind; not by the exploits of a mighty naval armament overspreading the surface of the sea and bearing in its bosom a machiery of destruction prepared to lay the most powerful bulwarks prostrate in the dust; not by confederacies and alliances wvith the most powerful and warlike people of the European interest with whom our gallant warriors have been fighting side by side-oh, if they must fight may they never again fight otherwise, with aim and objects as truly disinterested and in a cause as nobly just 3 we have been delivered not by any means like these, but by the act of the Lord, bringing the counsel of the mighty to nought, by the power of the Lord making the devices of the craftv of none effect, by the secret, silent, unsuspected ministry of the same mysterious Providence which strickened in old time the oppressor's outstretched arm, and smote in the plenitude of his power the boastful king to whom an iniatuated people ascribed the honour that belongs to God alone. Our deliverance was not accomplished by feats of arms, nor by the skill of diplomacy, but it was by the cessation of the pulses of the heart of pride; it was the scattering of the schemes of an insatialble ambition by the stroko of the Angel of Death; it was this that paralyzed the gigantic efforts of a boundless empire, to which one master mnid was more than all its treasures and than all its hosts. There are twoimportant subjects for consideration-the one is the secret of a nation's strength, and the other the principle of anation'sduty. The secret of anation'sstrength, where dowereadit? Fromwhom are we to learn itbutfrom God himself ? We read it upon the shores of the Red Sea, where the pillar of fire that Muminated the track of the ransomed people through the waters that shrunk from their advance presented to the fierce pursuers but a darkreverse of cloud, ominous of impending ruin. We may read it in the hills that encompass Jerusalem, where the proud Assyrian encamped with his mighty hos' against the doomed and devoted city, from which, as it seemed, the remnant of David's Royal line was about to be rooted up and cast out for ever. But it was enough for the safety of Jerusalem that the mercy of the Lord was upon her. Out of Jerusalem went forth the rescued remnant, for Eis mercy was upon his people, accordin^ as they put their trust in him. But is the arm of the Lora now straitened that it cannot save-or His ear heavy that it cannot hear? Have not our own records witnessed again and again how the counsel of the Lord standeth for ever? Is the memory yet extinct, has the celebration yet ceased among us of that mighty deliverance which was vouchsafed to our country when she was menaced three centuries ago for the gospei's sake? Another European Royalty wvas thea sailing aas a Queen upon the waters-another claimned the proud title of empress of the seas-another Power sent forth a mighty armaulent which was deemed invincible. And it might have been deemed invincible to human power, but there is no wisdom, nor understanding, nor coumsel against the Lord. Whether the field of warfare be on the wide champaign, or beneath the frowning fortress, or upon the bosom of the broad cean, his ministers of salvation are never wanting whero His mercy hath decreed to save. He blew with hris winds, and they were scattered. Britain kept her hard-won gospel, and lienceforth Britain has been free. Buthas there not been like deliverance vouchsafed to us within the memory of living men? WIas there not a tillme 'when our beloved country stood alone among the nations of the West, and all that seemed wvanting to her perpetual exclusion from the fanmily of Europe, if not to the utter anlihilation of her com7nerce, and the subjugation of her people, was the continuance of amity, and association betweeii tvro autocrats who shared and might have swayed the world, could the one have been contented with the diadem of the Eas-t, and the othfer -with the s-eptre of the West. But when was ambition ever satisfied with half when fraud or force might win the u-hole? And thus, out of the evil purpozes of each, arose the accomplishment of the counsel of the Lord. He gave snow like wool; he scattered the hoar frost like ashes ; the muercy of the Lord u-as upon those whom IHe willed to deliver, though dearly was the deliverance purchased, for as niany gallant Prenchmen found their last earthly resting place in Rtussian snows as there nowy are of Rhussians anouldering in the rank cemetery of the Crimea or buried beneath the uliii of Sebistopol. The secret of na'ional strength. then, is the rceting upon us the mnercy of a covenant tiori wvho taketh pleasure in them that trust in hiiix. Trust, however, is in no degree allied to presunipflon. WVe are not the less bound to maintain our militar- forces anid to equip our naval power, and to replenis.h our arse:.ais, and to garrison our strongholds because we trust, in that nieroy *Iti,ct which All plans of worldly wisdow, must -MVr,r, ~¢nd'oacc~umia*Sf ine-ant,-whether of defence or of gresion, canprevail. We liremi a country which counts itief happy and calls its-e]f free; a country the colon%es --of whichs overspread,4-the commuerce of which- encir' les the ilobe; the merchants of which are princes,, and.. the h of wrhich the honourable of the earth. -We can wafr with truth 'hat,: in the moiuth of the chosen seed of Absaam was but an empty boast, that we never were in bondage to any man-that no British woman has ever beheld on her own soil the footprint of an invader or of a slave. But we can 'say more than this; we liye in a land where the goapel of lalvtion is free to al as the air wabreathe. If we stand on an eminence among the naions of the world, what bath plated us there but the muercy of the Lord? and what can maintain us there but the samc mercy continned -to us notwithstanding our manifold demerits and delinquencies? The rev. preacher, in treating of the is2ond thing that is essential to the trust in"God'smercy-ebedience to His law, 6bserved that God's law was prima, perpetual, unchangeable, unapealable. Worse than vain were it to commemorate His n.ercies, worse than mockery to praise Hisu for what He hs given, if wve will notrenderto Him what e claims, andhas a right to claim. National mercies demand national ncl;nowledgmcnts, but national acknowvledgments without national godliness are but as sonnding brass or tinkling cynbal. And if wve find a command uttered at crea-tion, inscribed on the table of stone given to Moses on Mount Sinai, repeated and ratified by Him to prove His divine nature by claiming to himself the right or royalty and prerogative of God-,' Remember that thou keep holy the Sabbath day"-if we find that command set a ide, ought it not to fill our hearts with sorrow 9 Ought it not to humble us in the dust-to condemn us in the retrospect of the past. and to appal us in the anticipation of the future, that among ourselves, almost at our own doors, and, as it has been publicly declared, not only 'with the concurrence but even at the desire of the inhabitants of St. Pancras. open dishonour is to be done this day to an express and imperative ordnance of God-an act of treason isto be comsmtted to the Majesty of Heaven-a foul dishonour offered to the King of Kings? We are to be taught to forget what He hath enjoined us to remember-to profane what Ec hath bidden us to lkeep holy-to accept under the specious name of innocent recreation that which, if God has His throne in Heaven and Holy Scripture is indeed His word, can be innocent to none. Our streets are now comparatively at least silent on the LordXs day, but on what pretence can we repress the itinerant musician when the band is performing in the parks? The rev. gentleman, after enforcing his iewvs on this subject at considerable length, concluded a most able discourse by exhorting his hearers to be mindful of their own obligations, to he cognizant of their own responsibilities, and as they were required by the proclamation, wvorthy of a Christian Sovereign, religiously to observe this public day of thank-sgiving. ST. BARNABAS, PIfMCO. A very large congregation assembled at this church to observe the day of thanksgiving, and the sermon was preached by the Rev. J. Skinner, the senior curate. Selecting for his teyt a portion of the 11th verse of the 2d Psalm -" Rejoice with trembling"-the rev. gentleman said that the Church was now keeping the great feast of the Ascension and that the State had caled upon her that day to make specialcommemoration ofthe restored blessings of peace. It was out of his province, he said, to deal with the political aspect of that great blessing for which they had assembled tothankGod; it was no part of his duty to speak of the war of which there was now, happily, a conclusion, or to weigh the probability of the continuance or effect of peace. All war was a fearful evil-all peace was a pregnant bless- ing. Such were the individual truths which it belonged to his office to express, and wvith the poltical accidents which appertained to them he hadnothing to do. The movements of God's providence were governed by a law which was steady, unform, and consistent.. Whether we regarded man in his individual or collective capacity, it was all the same. No event could disturb that fiied, eternal law 'which His wisdom, mercy, and truth had ordained. What we called "accident," i fortune," " chance, " " destiny," and the like, had no place in it whatever. The heathen philosophers mnew that truth better even than many modern Christians. The doctrine of ac- iddents had been exposed and ridiculed by Luciar, one of the most acute satirists of ancient times; and if there were any who believed in it in these days they might with advantage gobaek to the heathens for inutruction. Yet, fixed and determined as that law was, it was often hidden from man by the intoxication of passion, the delusions of ambition, or the blindness of perverseness; and that was a rea- son why inrejoicinguponthis occasion we should "rejoice with trembling." That God should snd us peace under that one fixed law of dealing with mankind, an tha t fhousands should accept that peace, thinking nothing of that law of lrovidence, was not certainly a subject for unmitigated joy. The Almighty in all His dealings with man knew no "variableness or shadow of turning." His wasauniform,n- settled, universal law pervading the whole expanse of the immortal world, and yet no man regarded it. But for the visble, palpable intervention of His holy armc it was plain that the passions of men, inflamed by a;nbition and augmented by reciprocal examnple, must have involved 'whole territories in bloodshed, havoc, and ruin. We had therefore special cause for thanksgiving. 3ut the purpose of God in thus blessing us was set at nought, owing to aspirit of vainglory and pride darkeninthe sense of our own enormous sins; and therefore good men trembled while they rejoiced. It was no part of the present question what our army might deserve, or what congratul tions it became us to offer. Those were all well in their place. Our struggles had been severe, our danger imminent, our sacrifices great and many, and it would be ingratitude not to remember those who had borne the brant of the battle; but those were not fit subjects for that sacred edifice, and least of all did the language of flattery and gratulation become the gravity or importance of an occasion like the present. Now that we had peace, would Christianity be more universally acknowledged ? Although, in one sense,we rejoiced at peace, we should ask what would be the effect of that peace, and according to the answer to that vital question should be the measure of true joy which we should experience. Would it ever be acknowledgedinthis country thatpeace was givenby God forthe cultivationof true re igion; would it ever be acknowledged that religion was not instituted for government and society, but that society and government were instituted for the purposes of religion; would it ever be acknowledged that without religion no Government could permanently exist for good; would it ever be acknowledged that the determinate counsel and foremnowledge of God ordered peace and war, and all things for that one great final end; that it was that which directed and adjusted the revolution of affairs, the rise and fall of empires, the progress and tendency of learning and the arts, the imnpetuosity of human pasious and the refine- ments of the politician? God was workin out Hisown ends in His own way. It was humblgto observe that the Sabbath had been appointed by the Stae afor theday of pubEic thanksgiving. Sunday 'was already that meagre alowance of tme which aas left for religious observances, and why, he ask-ed, had not another day of the wieek been chosen? The fact 'was that the Government grdged the time, or feared to risk unpopularity withstheose to whom money, and the time for making money, were more than the service of God. Under every external evidence of civilization there 'was among us as a people a eross, heavy deadness to all high spiritual inofences. It was not the pitiable ignorance of the uncultivated that was to be blamed for this, but the calm affectation of worldly wisdom-the self-complacent boastings of intellectual life-the 'wilful ignorance of deliberatepresumption; and so, when God blessedus with peace and we rejoiced, how could we at the same time avoid trembling? Yet there were thousands 'who werefidly a lve to this state of things. There was aremedyfor it, and if each in his own sphere set himself to apply the remedy, wh at might not be accomplished7 The church of Christ was the divinely appointed remedy; and if itwere apphled unreservedly to OUr social evils it would accomplish 'what no statecraft ever could effect. The sanctifying, controllg power of Christ's church in its entirety had achieved a remedy inallages and all lands; and he said advisedly, therefore, that itust achieve it in this age andin this land. To defend the poor and fatherless, to bring lttle children to Christ, to preach deliverance to the prisoner, to comfort the afflicted, to clothe thenaked, to feed the hrngry, to nurso the sick, was more than statecraft ever could accomplish;- and if 'we felt thereforeta thyerewas aigreat evil bangig over us we must gird up our loins, 'we murst lauch out into thedeep, and must propagate o r mission among millions of souls. W e must go forth into OUr busy cities and overgrowvn villages-in w ich the true type o - religiod s worship made en gridtually dying out-in 'which the factory bell hobuly tolled, and the church bell tolled but once a-week; we must face every peril for Christian pity and love, and 3ust put forth all the hidden power of the churchi The preacher then explained that it was proposed to devote the proceeds of the offertory to the permanent endow,ment of the church of St. Barnabas, and he urged that suoscriptions to such an object would be a worthy mode of testifying gratitude to God for the blessings of restored peace. It was not a church, he observed, which openedits portals oncea-week, and for the thehr six days 'was shut upwithin fourstone 'walls; hut it wns a church which 'walked abroad, and made the multitude the receivers, the collectors, and the distributors of her bounty. To make known to all the world the church of Christ was the remedy for the appalling evils which marred the 3fulness of the joy of Christian men, and made them " rejoice with trembling." THE TEM3PLE CHURCIl The sermon at this church was preached by the kEv. Dr. Robinson, the Master of the Temple, who took for his text tbe 8th and cuth verses of the 46th Psalm, " Come, behold the works of the Lord, what desolations He hath made in the earth. He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the eath ; He breaketh the bow, and cutteth the spear in sunder; He burneth the chariot in the fire." Therev. gentleman commenced by observing that at the present noment one general feeling of thanksgiving animated the whole community at the return of the blessings of peace and the remioval from us of the scourge of war. Our feelings of gratitude, however, onght not to be poUiuted by selfglorification, nor ought we to be puffed up by the thought that this resnlt had been produced by our own efforts or; by the strength andsuccess ofour owsn arnls.M Perhaps there never had been a Var in which it w as so clearly shown that it was God alone whbo gave the victory, for in mr.any respects our well-formed anticipations had been d-ceived and our most skilfully planned combinations had been baf3Ad. Neither ought our feelings of gratitude to he wveakened hv any forebodings as to whether the rpresent peace was the comuencesnent of a lasting period ot tranquillity or a mare season of rest. They ought rather to be commen- surate with the mnagnitude of the eils froe 'wvlhich ve had 4 Ieen delivered. Thoroughly to appreciate these w must, mo doubt, loolk abroad-to those countries which bad been the seat of war. Happilv, we had seen none of those awvful spetacles 'which were attendant on wasrfare-the cultivation of the earth suspended, the baud of labour paralyzed, the tplres trned into barracksandhospit.als, thohumble cottaes deoae.Tese evils it had beerx an mlthe lordly palace alikedeoa§ hsedstab miourlota serable lot-to inlict ratler than to suffer. Bnt the lesser evils of war-tbe privationa which had fallen siheavly on the middle end1 lower classes-the pouring I i I i i -forth of-the bi O thousands and teis o' thousands of'tlfl countrymen, ldwd iffered in no ordinary degree, and,for the cessation of these we hai abundant reason to rejoice. These evilshad f ien most heavily on thl labourin poor, and the patience and fortitude with which they been edurod by them out to endear them to the hearts itheir more fortunate fellow-countrymen, and ought to go far ta bndge over the fearful chasm. which yet separated the !iiep frol thepoor. Tothepbysic alevils which we had suFered must be added the moral evils which a state of war alvways ProducedL War always weakened that feeling of charity-arid f lA common Christianty which ouglht t bhind together the nations of the civilized world. Saosek tucrsinjj a nxtion, for no nation could prosecute awar and at the same time pay reverence to the Divine comnn=.d-1 Loje your enemies." - No doubt there had been in the rent war many signal instances of noble and mnselfish benevolence shoain to a- vanquished and suffering foe, but the feeling of antagonism. excited by warfare between various nailons w;as contrary to the spirit of the G ad therefore the re-establishment of that feeling of chaity tQwards all men, and of the universal love whi-t ought to bind all nations together, was. one of the prest blessings whvich followed in the trai4 o peae. with the return of peace there was opened tons asn I career of public virtue and private benevolence. It was to be, hoped, too, that with the return of peace the arts -if peace woild flourish; not merely those arts which we;e devoted to the increase of commerce and the comforts -of social life, hut the arts which sprang from love of country and from the love of our kind, the arts which miiistered to secial progress, and to the improvemnent of the moral condition of the masses of our fellow-countrynien. It shouladhe our earnes' care to see that those great associations fortlie relief of the widow and the fatherless, the resources of which had necessarily been impoverished by the pressure of the war, should be restored to their full efficiency. -It should be remembered that, in addition to the ordinary calls of these associations, there .Vas a debt of justice to be dischargedto those whose husbands and fathers had fallen in the struggle. The condition, too, of our labouring population called for some special efforts. The great social engines of schools and reformatories must be set to work-, otherwise we should speedily discover that that whichl ought to be our strength had become our weakness, and that God had not said in vain, " Righteousness exalteth a nation, but sin is a reproach to any peopfe." Neither would true charity confine itself to our own country and nation. It would comprehend the whole world in its sphere, and, above all,it would rejoice to strengthen the hands of those who -were engaged in the holy wvork of spreadin' a knowledge of the Gospel to all the ends of the e.arth. ithout some such fruits as these our thanksgiving must be a mere mockery. =COLN'S-fIN. At Lincoln's-inn Chapel the prayers were read by the Rev. J. F. D. Maurice, chaplain, and the sermon was preached by the Rev. J. S. ML Anderson, preacher to the society, who selected as his text the 7th, Sth, and 9th verses of the 14th chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans:- "For none of us liveth to himself. and no man dieth to ilmself. For whether we live, we live unto the Lord; and whether we die, we die unto the Lord; whether -we live, therefore, or die, we are the Lord's. For to this end Christ bDth died, and rose, and revived, that lie might he Lord both of the dead and living." The words of the Apostle in this chapter, the preacher observed, put to shame the jealousy and strife which perplexed and distracted the world, condemning them by the contrast exhibited between sin arid holiness, between earth and heaven, between man and God. The Apostle noticed the wretched divisions which, springing from the prejudices' of Jewish converts, disturbed the infant church of Christ, and in order efficaciously to prevent such differences he impressed npon the disciples the solemn thought, that " none liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself." By these passages Christians of the present day were directly warned that if they would avoid increasing the heavy burdenwhich rested upon them by reason of their unhappy divisions they should lay to heart and ast upon the great trnth which St. Paul here enunciated. The lesson apphed by the Apostle to correct the evils which sprang from the prejudices of Judaizing Christians was especially applicable to the Christians of this country, who were to-day called upon as a nation to praise God for His mercy in having caused strife and contention to cease. This was a day peculiarly a propriate for such a purpose, for it was the day upon which the Church was called upon to commemorate-the trimnphant glories of the ascension of Christ and to look forward to the pronised coming of the Holy Ghost, the Comforter. They needed the guidance of their aseended Lord, or their outward celebration of praise and thani-sgiving would fail to be an acceptable service. If he (the preacher) was disposed-to mingle words of doubt and perplexity with the acsents of praise and thanksgiving it was becanse he believed it was an unauestioned and unquestionable fact that the tidingsof peace had not been welcomed by the great massof the people of this country with that joy w hich might reasonably hive beenanticipated. The interval was but short since, as anation, they had bowed dowvn in hiuniliation before God, confessing with their lips that the curse of war, one of His sore anct heavy judgments, hadfallen upon them, and beseeching Him in mercy to remove from them the op rDssive scourge. During the t wo years for which tlhey ld-1 hiad to bear the weight of that burden they had aws -nily seen ai'dheard enougKto prove the appalling magnii - , ef the evil which they then deprecated. They had seen the slaughter of hundreds and thousands upon the battle field, the ghastly wounds of those who survived the carnage, the wasting sickness occasioned by toil, and hunger, and cold. These terrible evidences of the direful effects of war had been presented -to their eyes in pictures more distinct, minute, and vivid than any which had ever given to the public view each. changing phase of the day's occurrences. In many of the households of this country the chasm was still fresh which told of father, husband, son, or brother who had fallen in- his country's cause, and whose facewould be no more seen. They must remember, too, the sufferings endured by their allies, and sum up, if they could, the mighty -ggregate of wretchedness winch strife betwaeen the foremost empires of Iurope bad produced in that remote but memorable spot whej e they had chiei3y contended for the mastery. They must not omit from their ealculation also the burden which had been laid upon the nation to meet the increased expenditure rendered necessary by the wu r; hut all these evils had been encountered wsth a resolute and steadfast spirit, because the British people believed that truth and justice summoned them to the conflict. They had been called upon to succour the oppressed, and such succour had. been freely given, and he might say that it h ad been given in no spirit of boastfulness. The purpose for which that aid was afforded had been secured, and as soon as the object wias accomplished the din and tumult of war had been commanded to cease. What more legitimate subject of praise and thanksgiving could be presented to a Christian nation than the restoratien of peace thus sought for and thus obtained ? If there were any who conceived that in the war just con. eluded our military triumphs had not been worthy of the nation, he would ask whether the indulgence of such thoughts w as consistent with the injunction of the Apostle, that they should live Unto the Lord, and die unto the Lord, They bad to day returnled thanks to Almighty God for "inspiring our forces, both by sea and land, with a courage and endurance which neither the numbers nor the bravery of those opposed to them could overcome," and such words having been repeated by their lips they ought to prove their abiding power upon their hearts. TherewerenoweviLs existing similazto those jealousieswhichbeset the infant church, and there was cause enough for humbling themselves and praying fervently that all xauk-s might be united in the bonds of brotherly love and Christian charity, lest they should be judged of the Lord. They must not lose sight of their own personal responsibility in the contemplation of national responsibilities and duties, for they must remember that a nation was but the aggregate of its individual citizens. This country had been placed conspicuously among the nations of the earth as the upholder of God's nghteous law; and it became them to show that, having shared in Pis mercies, they were ouly furnished with a stronger and more enduring motive to discharge more diligentlytheir respective duties, to bear more cheerfully each other's hurdens, and soto fulfi' the law of God. ALL SOULS' CHRCH, LANGHM-PLACE. The sermon at this church was preached by the Rev. Edward Revel Eardley Wl1mot, who took for his text the last clause of the 22d verse of the 36th chapter of Job"'Who teacheth like himn " The rev. gentleman began his discourse by showing that the words preceding the text useed by Elibh to Job, to the effect that his sins hindered God's blessings, were not less applicable to ourselves, but that by various ways the Almighty had condescended to become the teacher of mankind, sinful and rebellions as they were. Beferring to those ways, he mentioned, first, the teaching by the word of God aS revealed to us in the Bible, and remarking that the word which signifes "-to teach" also bears the meaning "to rain," proceeded to show the beautiful application that mlight he made of either reading in the comparison of the effect of God's teaching on the human heart with that of. rain in softening and fertilizing the earth. Another means of teach was by the acts of God's providence, which, although declared by the Psalmist to be "like the great deep," and by St. Paul to be unfathomable as to their cause, conveyed to every man in their effects lessons of instruction which the simplest might comprehend, and, as "not a sparrow fals to the e arth mith - out His will," so every casualty of life was intended to renind man of the superintending power which by these means condescended to teach him. T'hese means, however, were not snfficient without the aid of God's holy spirit, for such was the dullness of the heart of man that unless thus enlivened and awakened both the revealed word bf God and the acts of his Divine providence might pass. nnheeded by thoso for whose instruction thoy were sent. The patience, long.sulerA, and forbearance of the Almighty -were calculated to ius?ire us with the deepest grartitude; the 40) years through which He had borne with the stubbornness and rebethon of his chosen people, and the three years in which the Redeemer h ad sought fruit rom o the un;rolificfiDgtree, wvere eidences ofthevast ertentof God's merctytoardaman. The effectof EHisteachingwas, among otherthings, tomakemen wiser by -taking them out of the current of their evl habits, their prejnudic and tbeir passions, and instilling in them wisdom and' holiness. -The rev. gentlenian then proceeded i!point out, that after two years, in -which Godhad vcisted us wdith the heavy judgment of a war, having nwo- met together to offer thanks for the blessing of peace. w-e iuight welU look back on the horrors of that u-ar, and discern in thems the teaching of God, judgmients and cornections being nmong the most efficacious of the means He employs for ou. instruction. Wc had in a peculiar manner long enijoyed thle privilege of the free eirculation of the worv d of God among us, and at the same time a great responsibihity attached to such a privilege. In the war niow happily at an end there had been a wonderful facility and great opportunitv affo rded of extending to the other nations t with whwnn. we had coeuo in contact a sbare of that inestimable ble;sing. The British and Foreign Bible Society had been inde'fatigar-le in thieir labours, and the result had -b the - circulation of mrany thousands of copies of- God's I-foly Word in P. land where in times ofr peace it had nct found its wvay. As an evidence of that he mentioned the fact that l,20 copies of the Bible translated into tbh Turkish language, l-hich hadbeen laid by as useless by that soDiety, had since the war begean bean ent olut to Constahluople, and ho d beea 6&ispost4 Of with the greateZt favility .aa'ze epie~,
UMIVYERS1TY INTELLIGECZE. OXFORD. ?tI- 4. The Vice-Chancellor has given notice that an additional Congregation will be holden during the present term for the purpose of granting graces and conferring degrees. The day appointed is Thursday, the Sth inst., at 10 o'clock. We are happy to state that the peace of the town- has not been disturbed since Thursday night. The following is an outline of the arrangements made for the enlsuing Commemoration *-On Saturday, May 31, the Amateur Musical Society will give a concert in the Tow,nhall, and there will be of course the customary promenade in the Broad-walk on the following day. On Monday the Apollo (University) Lodge of Freemasons will entertain a very numerous party at a ddjedner, which will take placoe in a marquee erected in Worcester College-gardens, the uso of which has been kindly granted by the Vice-Chancelloror r the purpose. The occasion will be specially made available to present Brother Past Mfaster Beach with a testimonial. The procession of boats on the river will follow, and in the evening the Masonic body will give a ball in the Town-balL On Tnesday there will be the sermon at St. Mary's in aid of the funds of the Radeliffe Infirmary, a concert in the Theatre in the afternoon, at which Jenny Lind will appear, and the Horticultural Show in one of the College gaidens, the proceedings of the day terminating with a second Masonic ball in the Town-hall. Tha proceeds of both balls will begivento the local charities. W'ednesday will be paTly occupied by the usual ceremonie3 in the Theatre, after -which there will be another concert, at which Jenny Lind will in all probability again sing. AU.sM AUX IlArn..-The Lightning talkes out the mail of the5th inst. from Liverpool. Lettersand papersfor the same must be posted -rn Lsndon in tirae for Monday night's despatch from townI. This vessel has her lifebot fitted by the nsw plan for loweriDg in case of necesm-ity, ltely adopted by the Emigr;-ion CommisAtaneri,
fI"TY' of INBlISOURNE LOAN~, Victri~a.-T1i@ Union Rank of Australia wil PAY, on or after theilst tsor me, _hyLl .EAP INTEIIEST due on the 1st of May, 28541 on the' Debentureis issued by the Corporation of the city of Nelbourne undeC - the apthonty of "Thbe Melbourne lImprovement Act, 1854," sad " The Melbourne I=provement Act, 1815 ;! also the principal sums of such of the Debentures as shall then becomes due. Parties entitled te receive the satoe ate requested to lodge their securities at thii. ffice;' with a list setting forth the numbers, datee and amount, in order that they may obtain payment in three clear days after the day of auch. Iodgment. H. W. D. II&UNDERS, Secetary. 38. Old BroZ.-street, London, April 14. 1856. - A4 NGLO-PER-UVIAN BONDS.-Holders of -the ,MaboTe Stock are requested to tak-e nootice that furthser attendanc wil e gven a th ofic ofMesrs Any.Gibbs and Sons. Jr, Bisopgat-srec wthi, n Mndy. ueday ad Wedneada the, 5th, th. ad 7thprormo, btweenthe ours f 11 nd 2o'cloc for, per have not aireadyha~d tecause referrinlg to the Londn April31). 1856. HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE.-It is respectfaurl Hannouniced tbat the Theatre will RE-OPEN on Saturda the l0thof NIay.wbenwillbe proaucedRossini'soperaof CENE LA. nam by?&Petpe inth opraof eeVIpesSicilienues. PriaMe Es ca b Mdles lillo,,Bschtti Lieren, nEthie. AplcatonS RO0YAL ITALIAN OPERA, LYCEU`M.- XjSiguor TAMBERLIR's BES'EyIT.-Extra Night.-Combined Entertaiument.-.On Wednesday niext, May 7. an Extra Night (not incluided in the subscription) will be given, on which occasion the pers formacee vill be for the Benetit of Signor 'Tamberlik, it belmg his 18n appearance previous to his depaLrture, The entertainment wiil comimence vrth the complete open-of NORMA. Principal characters by Madame GrisL Mdlie. Miari, Madama, Taglisfico, Signor Tagliadro, SigtiorS,,ldi, and Signor Tamnberikr To conclude with the last act of IL TROVATIS RR. Thursday next, May 8. will be given as a Sub-. wcrption Nirht, inulieu of Saturday, August23. IRURY-LANE.-Engliih %ea Upecdne Dfand Triumphant Success.- -1fth , ght of LUCIA DI LAM., MERMIXOR. IncomParable Cast. Mr. E1liot Galer. Mr. Durand,Mr. Maover, Mr.. Bern,ard and Lu Fott. After which, the famous Amencic.u artistes. Mr. and Mrs.'~J. ..Florence. whose performances have creaited r-ars of laughter and tumultuous applauMe wUI aLppear: lin their new entertainiment, THIE YANKEE HOUSEK pEEPEI, repeat- blihmet mre ompetefortheforhcoingnovelties it is intended T HETREROYAL,HAMXE.TI TEVEANTING. and on Tuesday and WedInesday next, the new and successful comned' or THE EVIL GEN'IUS. Tom itip2tone (the Evil Genis).Mr.Bucistne; .ad lngwod,Mis Reynolds, Aftec whih, he erwne Spnih dnce, ere Rea,with Manuel PoerE anda cmplte ore.nyof paiobCorphls. illapparin the new Wih,incoseuece~, is ret ttacio. herevive farce o GRIMSHAW. BAGHAW. AND RADSHAW.in which M1r. Bock&tolle will suti irgnlcaracter of Grimow an isTalbot wiln appea. Cocuigwith THE POSTANSNOK R >OYAL PRINCESS's THEATREB. - T-HIS -LUEVENING, anid during the week, will be presented Shakspearo's play of THE WINTER'S TALE. Plreceded by THE VICTOR FUHEATRE ROYAL, ADEL-PHI.-Uniu oet 1-and Dramatic Effecto.-Continued Snc -OefbiHoe. -Themost popular and attractive new Adphdrm apefre before Her Mtajesty) caLiled Like and Unlike vr vcig(ensa xRepted-rAgemnt Prvo f r actseond priche and. How' Yorle Uincoflelp-TH r beEing, the newt Abewiphi damar of LIndE ANt dUNIE: Byrh Camer. .i Wbther Mr.t Wriht,and i MoadomxClct WitADtLecondprie)LURGENT giiVATEOA era.-:Dot,Mr. Wriht HOARD GLOWVSYOR UNspcLEu? RcardouWigs thr. Wright.v Wensay 19 nexdon toih its gensofretimattrasction andcfre thet neright ofl ThGreManamusWeiss, MadMiamedeaet, Mr. WIoght,ean Mr. Peat. Medfor Booe.A nagemeint ofnteugramtesto ator sof the age W. Charles uDi,rallon whopwillrappea TevEr eeningIAN hIsxRaordina representa-, wtio ofd BeDlebgr bein,fo the last times hn wgllappLearnd eondoynetil nex uite.-Ms, halesDilonevey EenndM.-GIomer hogers, Mdli. Brth Caslme, ad te bet Cmpaysi Londoncowne OPERATIC PERFORMANCES underein his manaembto Mondeay, the ollwingcelbraed atises -Mr.andMas emimsn Beevs, Mr. and adm Wes,Mr. MAnda, Mr ,elr.M, eavni.Ms JuI3.an B4eaden pits Fan Is. Mr.Bne, rzart,adMs Pool. AusV at ttin iagrton ofe Theatseasn, .M W af wihOdYvoAL mSic, foR th rAt TimnEngld.andent irWeelyo hew pLiSeesncom Osed exrer'y forethisgoccain;ande Mr. glove hadmo alo asce Tt intengl~andteset four yneas;scm and tathatemietarthWisteMr. Benedicttlikewise,tdesIreusedonassistnthit newtattemltgtt elethte andt occsins,Mr HoweardnGeobur and Her SinorhuTambMusica Drct Tor. oro. Montnomery.uActing Manyer VMr.o Gereenoomd, Voeris, Mr.tAustin. Csateo.ofNlcoofThe Th-ofieatr in fmlthegr3. etane ui,d theportico,pen Weverlvngtng-Ifunblroaieamatont ac derT Witehe T1alue at the Mrines' com ITtUynd hes th inter'sy -TI HEEISL-NG.1THE LUCIA DI LAMMIERMO. Sy r Winrater. And LOVE scott mEsLOSm iurnd Bhichair. Mownray and. Miss Hlen Lre wil appAr.t ar THYAL TB ROAL, OPIAYMAYCEUM. UndestApearanace btnen of Minr. Tamberlik. Jeny Mey:s Bucs,todnie Cmtaon ic; Mise Reyntolds, fua inborouh Gm- Aucor- r. wosta. N.E-Tea box-oandce tsi he grandcenrance unDe the portio,-e in WeNington-street.DBRDSEAW T ldRURY-LANT-E NGLTIAISH OPERA. Un der the MaeMeutofgessrs. of Ilr. ThalleanF Kengsury THILLS EVENGIG, LUpr IA tDTIBLAM1IdE ANQOOR. D Cbysracr by Lucy; Herzcout, byessrs. DuC.d Bern. r,Mnes n THEATRE ROYAL, HAYIArKET Undpretr.r th. Wanagem;DientrofM. Buktodae.Olffe THIS EVENING , IK THED ULIEVI GENIUSB. Wltr ByiMessrs. Bodcortonelby.oGaton; MisdamesReynolds, SWanbduham e. Tot coGNcld wRIthTHE POAIST MAN'Sa WrihtOCdK. ed ROYAL PRINMPCES' THEATRE. UEPt.cfrneder efrth te Maa emen t ofnM. CharlstKe)n.Mlmy x AlfterWhich San: Mme pla ofd THE WINTER'S TALE. C eonHING byMr. . RoAnD TerituTunsIra. C.RoKeon.- -THE T EROYAL, SAD)ELPHILL. Prpretr Geo.geB. Webstr ietee.Mdm cot. THIIS BVN . PIEAD NIE byinI MeUrs BDIWebstDr WriCht,lP. BDforn. Sely ardelne; MmCharles Cillotn; W3uarnaha e, font.a Cand mer'ToU conclue wit Mr.WrJight.Comnea? ___ROYAL OLYRPIC THEATRE. DEP L. erfored befor thpheCrn atWndso Caestlek.Mida M.Alfred EV DGan Rs.CHELIEUd. Mrs.btilingM.An CATCHviNG.Afe AhiERMAMr. Titusbniaies, re.it . "Bucso.haetyeILToDn TASTREV ROYAL, SADLHHER'S-EL. Un ersthe Manhagemento r.GeorgllamColA eser. THIS EVENING witsllast presenthed grAM'ndp l CofI DIAZOPP. AN. THarEs WIDiln HORSElie Ms.upp artesb Dillon;r Ffaronst det Mr. amed yapni sege.lectaionrka Ballete Dinte Crcismnt le.Tocn Blierwtha asr ToGcoNclDe HwiEThFAMILY JANDRS.OA STEP P.YALSEREY HEARE Mr. R CORREKSPONNULD ENEFIT which Mr.eSeperd war l reietedt oBucs,ehve tat y a"toe ron eueithe BLAcK-EYacoyED t SUSN. iampr(onethistocaminp Ms. Cresac. Undr____ame_ le_ re___ion_ofth Lotofiessee. and Manaer, T.ilsisatrngmikibl wthISuEVEnIN (impesasteek) stligamp. etalMA ND ntHce WILD HOSE suppnorte bnoymoui; com u rtite oc. Whateedry isplnendiseclecr ntion of mcnsts the Circlnte. odn by rhenader ane redrestedf tho oriserv tha nth n r aforpubdictionde bthas amendauedo heuais ond ofatheby panost todBritish cooniestand rfetaoremgn c%ontie XrThe publicationof TsrTnsx commenced at 5 o!clock omBaturday mnorning, and finisheet at 10 minutes to 9.
LOYDON, AMONDAY, MAY 5, 185. Both Houses of Parliament will be called Ott to-day to present humble and dutiful addresses to HEZ MArTEsry, expressing their joy and satisfaction at the re-establishmeat of peace on conditions honourable to HER MAJxSTY'S Crown, and accoM. plishing the great objects for which the war was undertaklen; to assure the QuzEx that, had those conditions been less honourable and advantageous, we would willingly have continued the war; to express our gratification that the peace includes Powers who were not belligerents; and that the resources of the country remaill unexhausted at the conclusion of so arduous a struggle. This language, we believe, does no mnoi- than justice to the sentiments whfoh our present position ought to inspire. The test by which the good or ill success of the war just concluded ought to be estimated is not the wv,,hes or theooies which each particular personage entertains, but the cnds anid objects which the natiorn proposed to itslf wvben it drew from the shea:h a swvord rusted by 40 years' inaction. Some are discontented because we have not emiancipated Polaud; others biecause we have not freed Peraia from Russialn influence; others because we have I not delivercd Italy frol Austrian domination;
The success of a Congress is that it shouild accomplish the object for *hich it is assembled, and this defines at once the duty and the success of each Plenipotentiary. There are those, indeed, Who iniagine a conference of diplomatists to be little better than a meeting of horsedealers doing their best, wvithout even the shoI) of civility, to overreach one another. The object oE the Congress of Paris was to make a treaty on the basis of certain preliminaries, neither short of that basis nor beyond that basis, but simply upon it. Of course, it is possible to conceive a clever diplomatist cheating a dull one or w wrongheaded one. WI7hen, however, the basis has once been agreed upon, with the deliberate concurrence of the Governments concerned, there is nothing to be done buit to interpret it as faithfully as possible in a document that shall be intelligible, explicit, and of perpetual obligation. It is clear that this precludes the introduction of new demands, and of anything whatever that is not necessary to the conclusion of a treaty on the basis assumed. Lord CrasixpDO, of course, might have asked for fifty things, which would have delighted the enemies of Bussia, and Alustria to-had he only succeeded in obtaining them. But he was not justified in asking | for them, and could not have done so with the least chance of succems. What is more, it is to I be assumed that he had no other wish than to co-operate fairly and heartily with the other Plenipotentiaries in carrying out the common object of framing a treaty on the basis of the preliminaries. Trying the treaty by this simple and undeniable test, wre do not know on what point it can be disputed that our Plenipotentiaries have been entirely successfuL The first of the Four Points which formed the basis of the Treaty was the abolition of the Russian PIotectorate, or, to adopt a less debateable ex:pression, the special right of interference claimed by that Power in the Danubian Principalities. It was on this special right that the original aggression was justified, and its abolition strike-s home to the whole caiuse and motives of tho war. By the Treaty, which now forms part of the law of Europe, Russia stands in precisely the same relation to the Principalities as England and France do. She has fully admitted the sovereignty of Turkey in them. She has consented to the formation of political institutions in them, with a view to their independence, order, and improvement. She has left to them the choice of consolidation into one province, a project evidently distasteful both to Austria and Turkey. She has renounced the right, if such it might be called, of protesting against their works of defence. She has given up to them a portion of her territory. What more could she have done ? What more could we have asked from her? On some points questions of form have been waived in order to avoid needless offence, but we cannot perceive in what particular it can be denied that the first of the Fo6ur Points has been embodied in the Treaty. On the Second Point it is sufficient to say, that Russia gives up her territory bordering on the mouths of the Danube, and suffers the whole of the Delta to return to the sovereignty of Turkey, to the care of a European commission for the present, and of a river commission, formed by all the States bordering on the river, for ever. Tlhis last particular, it would seem, is as much a concession on the part of Austria as on the part of Russia. As to the Tnird Point-the neutralization of the Black Sea,-it is true that Russia does not enter into any engagement in the treaty as regards the dockyards or other existing works at Nicholaicff, in the interior;" but she binds herself to maintain only such a number of ships as can excite no alarm, and the convention with Turkey for this purpose forms part of the Treaty, and cannot be altered without the consent of the Powers signing that Treaty. Russia opens the Black Sea and all its ports to our commerce, permits consuls to reside in them, and, though it is not expressed in the Treaty, we have the assurance of her Plenipotentiary, embodied in a Protocol, that neither at Nicholaieff nor in the Sea of Azoff shall any ship of war be built or maintained, except those specified in the convention with Turkey. As to the last of the Four Points, relating to the internal affairs of Turkey, it is enough to observe that the Treaty places us in precisely the same relation towards the Christian subjects of the PORTE as Russia; while the PORTE, with a proper reservation of its own dignity and independence, is now bound by its own act to give its Christian subjects entire political equality. Over and above the Four Points, Russia, by a separate convention with the Western Powers, agrees not to fortify the Aland Islands; and in some other particulars we have either the assurance of the Treaty or what was stifficient for the occasion,-the word of the Russian Plenipotentiary, recorded in the Protocols. We certainly should be sorny to charge Count ORxOFF and his colleague with any attempt to fly from the basis; and, admitting their sincerity and fair play, we have no wish to flatter any portion of our readers with the belief that they have been outwitted or " beaten" by the Plenipotentiaries of the allies. We find in the Protocols very little else than a simple work of construction. The text of a treaty has been composed of contributions from all sides on the groundwork of the preliminaries. Others may be more successful or more ingenious in explaining from hidden motives and sinister designs. To us this daily report of the transactions of the Congress reads as if Russia felt she had played out a long game, to which she had been committed by a line of ambitious sovereigns, and the extraordinary events of the last century. It is a case of political inundation, which, after spreading over smaller and unsettled States, after swallowing up the border provinces of weak neighbours, has at length encountered high ground, in the shape of Powers equally powerful and resolute. It must have been foreseen long ago that a time would arrive when Russia would come into collision 'with the Western Powers, and that time has come. It is no unusual thing for States to work out a long game, and it is a matter of prudence for a State to desist when it finds itself trying conclusions with the whole civilized world. Russia, with her wonted sagacity, has stopped short of this; and, though Count ORtors takes credit for the moderation and conciliatory character of his Government on several points of minor importance, the real credit and glory of Russia is that she has known how to stop a plan of continual aggrandizement in time. WVe believe, and we certainly hope, that she may find her interest in what she has done, and that the Russian empire will enter on a career of peaceful prosperity which will eclipse the treacherous splendour of a hundred territorial conquests. A vast population and vast material resources, released from war, will now be directed to improving and profitable enterprises. If any act might seem to deserve the gratitude of a people, it is the wiasdom of a Sovereign who knows when to stop, to witlhdraw his armies, to renounce longcherished ambition-in a word, to sacrifice himself for the good of his subjects. The Emperor of RussSIA has been able to retire with honour from a manifestly unequal contest, and, though human nature is grudging of glory, we have much reason to be satisfied that he has had the opportunity, and has availed himself of it.
Opinion in England has long zince decided on the merits of at least one of the questions at issue between our Government and that of the United States. The more we read or hear of the enlistment dispute the more reason have we to doubt the wisdom and good temper of the present administrators at'Waslhington, and to acquiesce in the course taken by the QuEEx's advisers. There are circumstances newly come to light which seem likely to give this matter almost a ludicrous ending; for the perjury of one or two German adventurers, now detected and exposed, can hardly, we should think, fail to make the Cabinet of President PIEmC ridiculous in the eyes of so keenwitted a people as the Americans. Elowever, as we shall probably soon hear the last of this paltry dispute, it may be as well to give a sLunmary of its principal phases, that the world may see how, even in these days, and among the most enlightened nations, a quarrel may arise from notliing, and blaze a while with violence, before it is extinguished and forgotten. The recent despatch of Lord CnarxNDoN gives all that the world in general will care to know, and we hope that it will close the diplomatic correspondence on the subject. At the close of 1854, when Ministers had ~~~- - a lastily carried their Foreign Legion B1lI, when every post was bringing tidings of suffering before Sebastopol and at Scutari,-when thousands amerted that the Rissian works would never be taken, and all agreed that many months and a larger aimy were required to take them, the Government of this country bethought itself of the New World and the many adventurous spirits which it contained cut off from the excitement and aspirations of European warfare. It had been represented at the begmnning of the war that there were large numbers both in the British provinces and the United States who would b 4d to enter for a time the military serviced of Great Britain. The Governmenlt therefore gi*-e directions that reeruiting-offces should be established within the British territory, where volunteers might be received and enrolled. Now, it is not denied, and never was concealed, that among such volunteers it was expected that many natives or denizens of the 'United States would present themselves. The law of England on this subject differs from that of the American Republic. No Englishman is allowed to take service under a foreign Power without the Royal assent, whether the enlistment take place within the QuzEN'S dominions or not. In fact, the policy of this country, as embodied in its law, is to prevent any of its lieges transferring their allegiance so decidedly as to fight in the ranks of foreign armies, and this prohibition is not merely based on the principle of neutrality, for it even applies to persons joining the service of the QuYN's allies against the QuRF's enemies. America has no such restrictive law. She has been content to secure her neutrality by ordering that no enlistment shall take place on her soil, but she has never by any law denied to her citizens the right of entering a foreign service when beyond the limits of her territory, and a person so doing commits no offence, according to American law, unless he fights against his own country. This distinction, obviously the result of differences in the age, institutions, and situation of the two countries, was well known to the statesmen of both, and formed little more than a year ago the subject of a conversation between the British Minister at WVashington and the American Secretary of State. The intentions of the British Government were stated by Mr. CuAmirow to Mr. MARCY in March, 1855, andl the reply was, " that the neutrality "laws of the United States would be rigidly en"forced, but that any number of persons who "desired it might leave the United States and get "enlisted in any foreign service." So the Canadian and Nova Scotia recruiting-offices were opened with the full assent of the American Govermuent. In a short time, however, it was found that discussions might arise likely to counterbalance all the benefit to be derived from any addition of American recruits. It may easily be supposed that in the prosecution of such an enterprise an overt act of enlistment might often be inadvertently committed. If one German who was about to set off for Canada provailed on another to go with him, the former might be constructively held a British agent and the other said to be illegally enlisted. So our Government, much to its credit, determined to make an end of the scheme. Before any remonstrance had been received, before the American authorities were known to have noticed the matter, Ministers sent out, on the 22d of June, orders to discontinue all further proceedings in the matter of enlistment for the Foreign Legion. On the 6th of July Mr. BucH A, the American representative in London, addressed a note to our Government declaring that certain persons had violated the neutrality laws of the States, and expressing, in the name of the PRBsIDN, a hope that HBs MA.yEsTy's Government had not authorized the proceedings complained of. The reply of Lord CLAENDONX was full and satisfactory. It stated his belief that no authorized official had transgressed the law, and explained how the British Government, fearing lest some offence might be inadvertently committed, had of its own free agency, a fortnight before, sent out orders to put an end to all enlistment of foreigners within the North American provinces. So fully was MIr. BucHANAx impressed with the notion that a satisfactory answer had been given and that the matter was at an end, that when another communication from Mr. MARcY, dated July 15, came to hand, he actually suppressed it, observing from the date that it had been written before Lord CLARENDOx'S answer had reached Washington. No more was heard by our Government of the affair till late in the year. In September Mr. MIARcy addressed the British Minister at Washington, strangely taking no notice of the former correspondence, and yet bringing no new charges, but dwelling again on transactions which it was believed had been finally disposed of. Again, however, an answer believed to be satisfactory was returned, but Mr. MAicy was not satisfied. On the 13th of October he again addressed the British Cabinet through Mr. BucnAmi., asserting that recruiting was still secretly carried on, and demanding that it should be discontinued and all persons enlisted within the 'United States at once discharged. This despatch is chiefly valuable as showing that so late as October last the PRESiDE'N'S Cabinet complained of nothing but actual recruiting within the States, and did not deny the right of any native or resident to engage in foreign service, provided the agreement were not made within the limits of the republic. Lord CLRisEDON again replied at great length, that no illegal proceedings had been committed by British agents, that the recruiting had in fact ceased for four months, and that no illegally enlisted persons were, as far as his knowledge went, in the British service. It was natural to think that now at least al was over, but such an expectation was to be dis. appointed. Mr. MACry suffers two months and a half to elapse, and then returns to the subject, but with largely increased demands. 3Ie now, in the most unaccountable manner, asks for the recall of Mr. CRAMPTON, the British Minister, and the Consuls at New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati It will hardly be believed that no new event had been brought to light since October, and that all that the United States' Government knew at the close of the year it had known for months before, when it urged no such requirements. But the most singular feature of this despatch is the new principle of public law which it lays down. It has been seen that a difference between the enlistment laws of Great Britain antd of the Unite) States had been long recognized. It had been discussed by Mlr. CnAmpTox and Mr. MAnrY, and the latter had fully admitted that no law prohibited a citizen of the United States from enlisting at Quebec or Halifax. But now Mr. MXcy talks of the " policy" of the United States, which was contravened by the enrolment of its citizens anywhere. This is evidently an afterthought, intended to strengthen the demand for Mr. CrArvoV's recall, and it is, of course, easily disposed of by Lord CLARnNDON, who states that a nation's policy must be judged of by its law, and that if America did not prohibit its citizens from enlisting another Power could do no wrong in receiving them when they offered themselves. Lord CLA=ENDON's despatch of April 30 goes through the whole discussion, and we think must dsoide the opinion of any man capable of impartiality aia. rcflection.
PRIUSSIA. CLOSING OF THE SESSION. (BY SUBMARUIX AND BanSH TXXGuAPH.) We have -received the following telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent:- "BERIN, SU-.nAY, M&Y 4. "The King closed the session of the Chambers yeaterday in a long- speech, in which he recapitulated the various Legislative measures passed during the esion, and exhorted the maintenance of peace at home now that it had been established abroad. " To-day solemn thanksgivings are offered up for peace in all the churches. "A dvices from St. Petersburg istate that a circular has been issued by the M1inister of the Interior, eslhorting the serfs to obedience to their owners under penalty of the Emper. r's displeasure and a sovere punishment. We have received the Moniteur of yesterday. It does not contain any news of interest.
THE MABDITEBRANBAN. SOUTHAMPTON, MAY 3. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamship Pera, Captain Soy, with the India, China, and Mediterranean mails, in charge of Lieutenant Robins, R.N., we have dates from Alexandria April 20, Malta 24, and Gib. raltar 29. The Pera brings 109 passengers, and on freight 589 bales of raw silk, 73 bales of wool, 110 bags of gum, 103,cases of cashmere shawls, and 298 packages of general merohandise. Among the passengers are X R. P. de Silver, bearer of despatches to the United States; MajorPrendergast, Bengal Cavalry; Generals Luard, C.B., and Smee, from Madras and Bombay; Captain Hollenson, 60th Rifles; Colonel Thompson, RE.., and the Hon. Colonel Wrottesley, fromMalta. Sir W. and Lady Gomm, with Colonel Yates, left Alexandria foi England on the 20th nlt., rid Trieste. Three high bred Arab horses, the property of his E xcellency, have been brought home in the Pera; one of them is considered of the purest bred ever imported to this country. The Hon. Mr. Dann, from Van Diemen's Land, and the Hon. Mr. Forlong, from Melbourne, who have arrived in London for the purpose of entering into arrangements for the immediate formation of a steam postal communication -with Australia, were landed from the Pera at Malta, and proceeded to England through lFrance. The Pera during the outward voyage experienced very severe westerly winds as far as Cape Finisterre; in the Mfediterranean light headwinds. Homeward the weather was fine to Cape de Gatt; from that point to Gibraltar it blew a hard gale from the westward, which detained her off that port 20 hours; afterwards the weather was more favourable. Although throughout the whole voyage from Alexandria the Pera has not experienced 60 hours of fair wind, she has completed the entire passage in 11 days U hours. On the 26th ult., 180 miles east of Cape de Gatt, the Pera exchanged colours with the British bark Ulza Thompson. steering eastward; 29th, 140 miles south-east of CapeSt. Vincent, she spoke the sailing transportEdward, No. 141, which left Gibraltar on the previous day in tow of the steam-transport Great Western, No. 6. The Edward was bound for Spithead, and had on board 140 Russian guns, &c. On the same day, 110 miles south-east of Cape St. Vincent, she exchanged colours with the smal Swedish steamer Carling, and the steam-transport Emperor, No 67, steering south-east. On the 30th ult., 40 niles north of St. Vincent, she spoke the screw-steamer Union, steering south; also, spoke on the same daythe steam-transportsGreat Western, lNo. 6, steering for England; the Orinoco, No. 218, off EpicheUl, steering S.; and the Ripon, No. 25, also steering S. On the 1st inst., 40 miles N.E. of Cape Finisterre, signalled a large screw steam-transport, with loss of fore and suamntopmasts. mizentopmast standing, funnel abaft mainmast, standing S.W., hot could not make out the number. She had the fore and main course and the spanker set. Intelligence from Alicant, in the Gibraltar Chronide, states,- " That the commercial movement of that port has duriin the last fev months considerably increased, and will in air probalility be still more active when the communications with Madrid have been facilitated by the construction of the xailways which will be completed before the end of the year. The tunnel of Eldo, which has been confided to a French cortractor, has been entirely pierced, and workmen are now employed in it. The works irt the port are also advancing rapidly, and there is every reason to hope that it will be one of the finest, as well as one of the safest, on the coast of Spain. The crops in the province of Alicant are said to g ive every promise of abundance. Very little wine had lately been purchased there for France, as the price-had considerably risen in consequence of the great demand for Italy." OurintelligencefromGibraltar is to the 29th ult. A grandfuneral service w;as solemnized on the 26th in the Roman Catholic chapelfor the repose of the souls of those whohad fallen durnngthe late warin the Crimea. The British steamer Demetrius, 10 days from Hartlepool, arrived at Gibraltar on the 26th. The steamship British Queen, five and a-quarter days from Liverpool, arrived out on the 25th. Exchange at Gibraltar for bills on London, at 90 days was quoted at 51c - Paris, 5f. 37c.; Marseilles, 5f. 38c. Spamsh pillared dollars, 8 per cent. premium, but there are none in the market.
TEE PBNINSULAR MAILS. SOUTHAMPTON, MA, 4, By. the Peninsular and Oriental CompVany's steamship Mladrid, Captain Bradshar, with the Peninsular mails, in charge of Lieutenant Irwin, :.N., Admiralty agent, we have dates from Gibraltar, April 23; Cadiz, 24; Lisbon, 29; Oporto 30; Vigo, May1. The Madrid brings 25 passengers, and on freight 16 packages of specie, valued at 4,732g., and a cargo consisting of 436 boxes of oranges, 45 boxes of potatoes, S casks and 3 cases of wine, 12 casks and 136 boxes of dates, and 11 packages of general merchaudise. During the homeward voyage the Madrid experienced westerly and north and south-westerly winds to Vigo, with thick, rainy weather; from Vigo strong easterly winds and clear. She spoke, on the 24th ult., the schooner Monarch; May 2, in lat. 4.5.4S north, long. 7.47 west, exchanged colours with the hark Truro, steering north-east. The Madrid left at Lisbon, on the 28th ult., the Greek war steamer Rome de Grace. The steam-yacht New Quarterly, H. Last, hadput into the Tagus from stress of weather on the 2Gth. The Liverpool screw steamer MIinho had not arrived at Lisbon when the Madrid sailed. Great anxiety was felt at that port for her safety. A steamvessel under canvass was passed by the Madrid shortly after leaving Lisbon, and appeared to be either the missing ship or the steamer Rattler, belonging to the same company. She was under canvas only. The e.xchanges, this packet, for ills at three months are quoted :-London, 541 to 54; Paris, .520 to 518; Amsterdam, 43.1; Hamhu g,~49; and Genoa, 517. On London paper was scarce at 54w, at which rate there was moneyover; on Paris money was scarce; on Hamburg a little was done, while the rest were nomiinal. Portugnese Three-per-Cent. StocGIs, 4 to 43A, with a demand at the lower rate; Bank of Portugal shares, 500 to 502 milreis; Bank of Oporto shares, 236 to 240 milreis.
TH1E MIINSTRY AND THE OPPosrrioiw.-The least as well as the greatest strength of a chain is that of its weakest link. No sane prosecutor, for instanoe, would think of proceeding with an indictment for felonious cuttinz and wounding against a man who had just been acquittei under the same general charge of a commoa assault. We may conceive, then, what is the strength of Iord PalmerAtoa's reeognized claim to the approval of his countrymen at the close of a great war, when, on the. 'point picked out by his opponents for hostile animadversion, because it presented an isolated instance of Russian triumph, he can bear off such a declaration of Parliamentary opinion in his favour as that which closed the third night of the debate over the fall of Ears. Everybody who is even superficially acquainted with the proceedings of the Hfouse of Commons knows that a division of 303 to 176 is a very uncommon event in its annals. Only now and then, on great trials of party force, can so large a fraction ofthe whole assembly be brought together; and when it does happen the state of feeling that has produced so unusual a phenomenonisgeneralyapparentin thenice balanceof opinion; and crushingmajorities, as that of Thursday night may well be called, are things scarcely to be thought of. The result in this instance can only be attributed to a wide and unforced perception of the credit which the Government have earned for themselves by the general conduct of the war,and of the gross unfairness of endeavouring, on the ground of a single disaster, to involve them in a general verdict of condemnation. It is a tribute to the confident gallantry with which LordPalmerston and the Earl of Clarendon came forward in the conduct of the war, when aM their colleagues of equal rank stood- aloof, hesitating, or fell bhek dismayed, and, taking up the weapons of -war which seemed to have shattered in our hands, directed them steadily to the prosecution of the desig' on which we had entered, and then wielded them with such sldll and firmness that our reputation has Been restored, our military efficiency raised to a height which it never previously attained, and the hostilities of a few months have heen crowned with an' honourable and sufficient p'eace The representatives of tte country do not forget such ser- ices as these, and, whatever change may take place in the springs of their adhesionto Lord enalmerston now that the task for whichheowas so eminently qualified is performed, they wilnllot allow him to sink into private life under the burden of a reproach which would unjustcly tarnish the lustre of an achievement almost unequalled in the lives of stste3men. On the merits of the question and on tha result of the division the conclusion of every reasonable man was formed before the debate had dragged out half its weary length. Asa specimen of Tory tactics, this grand assault has been an amusing exhibition of weakness of judgment and poverty of invention; and Lord Palmerston was not maling too much of his well-earned triumph when ho told the discomfited Derbyites that they had giver the. world fresh reason to be of opinion that the longer Ahev occupied their present places the better it would heior the country.- 'canchcstcr Guardian.
1?FOBEIGN IZ?TELTG.EYCE. FRANCE. I OM OUR OWN CORE onirI [Aporilouof tho followingappeare4 eior sooxndediton. of Saturd,.y :-.- PARIS, TRiDAY, M&y 2,6 r.x. A perusal of the.protocols, of which the publication hasbeenjust completed, shows the correctness of the general suxinnary of the information transmitted to you from time to time during the sitting of the Congress. The Leg'itimist and Fuasionist papers had expressed their disbelief inthe correctnless of those statements, and the Wltrainontaneprints pronounced them to be actual fabrications. The Journl des Debats, in one of those lingering summaries which now and then "1 drag their slow length along" in its columnls, at one Lime deniedthat the Italian question had been treated in the Congress; the smaller fry blewr the penny trlumpet of theLr wit while the more ponderous politicianIs were reposing; and the ShWce W3S zidiculed for having taken Greeks for Romans when alluding to the discussion aboutthe evacuation of Greece by the French troops. The publication of these documents shows now who was right, and the more serious politicians of the incredulous part of the press are silent and sullen. Ahl Pasha, the Turkish Plenipotentiary, leaves Paris, for London, to-morrow, or the day after. Es stay will not be long. Ee will probably retur to Paris, and finally to Constantinople, by Vienna and lhieste. Notes will be exchanged between the Belgian and F rench Governments on the subject of the press in Belgium, and no doubt with reference to the observations of M. Walewsld during the conferences on the same subject. Indeed, a visit from King L eopold to Paris is not considered unlik;ely. It appears that the Woronzoff Palace at St. Petersburg has been engaged for three years for the new French Ambassador. Count Orloff was so good as to act on the occasion, and secured it for his friend and admirer, M. De Morny. The rent of the alace is for the first year 50,000f., and for the two last 40,000. There was a reception this day in the apartments of the Empress. The great functionaries of State attended. To-morrow is the turn of the Diplomatic Corps. The Patrie publishes the following telegraphic despatch:- ' FH7-Dm, May 2.-The navigation in the Gulf of Riga was reopene-l on the 26th of April. The Swedish screw steamer Hult had 3rrived at Riga with a cargo of salt. Eighty other vessels were in sight." The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the past week were 948,672f., or 33,645f. less than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amount to 14,30S,770f., being a difference in favour of 1856 of 1,229,803!. The Three per Cents. closedto-day at 74f. 95c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 7Sc. ; and the New Loan at 74f. 60c. ; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,400f.; Great Northern, 1,100f.; Strasburg, 1,055f.; New Shares, 892f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,455£. ; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,675f.; Western of France, 917f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 815f.; Great Central of France, 758f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 815f. ; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,755f. ; Austian Riwanys, 945f. Cours AuOentu.-PAs, Bay 2.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half er Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93!. 50c. 75c.;* Three per Cents., 741. 74f. 10c. 25c. 40c.; ditto, second Loan of 1856 (50 per cent. paid), 74f. 40c. ; ditto Certificates (50 per cent, paid), 74f. 40c. ; Banl- of France, 3,950!.; Credit Foncier, 700f.; ditto Obligations, Four per Cents., 440!.; ditto, Tenths, 95f.; ditto Obligations, Three per Cents., 405f.- Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,752! 50c. 1,755f.; Piedmonteso Five per Cents., 93f.; Romans, 90; Spanish Deferred Convertible, 24 4 -; ditto, Interior Debt, 39 l. Exchange on London, at sight, paper, '2f. 40c.; moey, 25f. 3Sc.; three months, money, PARIS, SATURDAY, 6 P.M. The Assemb7ee 2ationale was one of those incredulous papers that scoffed at the idea of the question of Italy having been treated in the Conferences, and that pronounced my communication on the subject, before the pnbheation of the protocols, if not exactly a fable, at least something very like it. It has now, however, the good grace and the courage to make the ame?ds tuonorable in these words "1 We have already expressed our opinion on this subject. Notwithstanding the secrecy which enveloped the proceedings of the Conference, some parts of those of the Sth of April had transpired before the protocol received any pub. licity. The versions were, however, conitradictory on several points. The part attribuLted during the discussion to the French Minister of Foreign Affairs by the (Paris) correspondent of n7e Times had, in particular, been dis. puted. We feel bound to admit, with the Monitcur now before us, as we admitted some days since when tho protocol of the 8th of April appeared by anticipation in aBelgian journal, that in substance, if not inform, theinformation transmitted to MTe Times was generally correct. Wedo notfind in the official minute of the Conference such expressions as 'Infernal policy,' 'Abomiinable Government,' &c. But even hadthese terms been used by any of the Plenipotentiaries, the protocol would not repeat them; and we prefer maintaining our doubts as to this particular point. But so far as regards the substance of the information, we feel obliged to admit that the English correspondent was right." This act of justice on the part of the Fusionist organ does it honour after all that occurred, and it is to be hoped that it will be imitated by others who affected the same disbelief in the accuracy of the statements transmitted to you from Paris. The Assembl6e, however, need have no doubt that stronger terms than what appear in the Protocols were used on the subject of one or more of the Italian States. I had already mentioned that the language employed on more than one occasion during the discussion was considerably modified in the correctedminutes. Some expressions were omitted, and asperities softened down. Any onewhoreads with attention theprotocols, particularly the 22d, will see that they do not contain a literal report of what passedlike that of a debate in Pa.liament-but rather an analysis or stumary. Sufficient, however, remains to give an idea of what has been moodified, corrected, or perhaps omitted altogether. Af Ministerial journal applaudes itself for its extreme discretion in saying nothing of the proceedings of the congress during the period of its meeting; for neither affirming that the Italian question had been treated or wholly passed by. This may be a safe policy as far as itself is concerned; but it is quite clear that it could only speak, or be silent, according to instructions from a higher quarter. I doubt whether the public would be equally pleased with this silence, as they had to look for information, of what was daily passing inParis, on a subject of such interest to the world, in the columns of the London press. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " ST. FE TERSB-URG, lErA 1. "Another manifesto from the Czar has been publishedc The resignation of the Minister of Foreign Affairs has been accepted only at the reiterated request of Count de Nesselrode, who keeps his title of Arch-Chancellor. The breakup of the ice has commenced." " BERLIN, 3lvr 2. "The Russians have commenced the evacuation of the fortresses of Reni and of Ismail. The journals of St. Petersburg publish a circular addressed to the heads of Governinents and to the marshals of the naobility, recommending them to seek out new branches of industry, at the same time that they maintain the serfs in their obedience to the nobles." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 75f. 20c. for the end of the month ; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 75c.; and the New Loan at 75f. 50c. Orleans Railwayshares, 1,407f. 50c.; GreatNorthern, l,107f. 5Oc.; Strasburg, 1,060f.; new shares, 895f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,450f.; Lyons to the MIediterranean, 1,675f.; Western of France, 920;-, Bordeaux and Cette, 820i.; Great Central of Trance, 745f.; Lyons and Geneva, 820f.; Bank of Cr6dit MIobilier, 1,765f.; Austrian railways, 945f. Cour-s AuWhenique.-P.&ris, Mray &--Cash PricesFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbarsable for 10 years). 94f.; ditto second Loan of 1S55 (50 per cent. paid), 94f. 25c.; ditto Certificates (5, per cent. paid), 94f. 25c. ; Three per Cents., 74f. 40c. GOe. TOc. SOc. 90c. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (50 per cent. paid), 75f.; ditto Certificates (50 per cent. paid), 75f.; Bankof France, 3, 0!f.; Credit Foncier, 700f.; ditto Obligatiozs of 500!., Three per Cents., 40!.5; Cr6dit M:obiiler, 1,775F. 1,770f. 1,M65f ; Discount Bank, 6S5'.- Piedmontese rive per Cents., 93r.; ditto Three per Cents.. GOf! 76c. Austrian Five per Cents., 90! ; Belgian Fewand aHai per Cents., 9GR - Romans, 91; Spanish ]Deferred, . ditto Istenor Dbt, 39A 40.. Exchaujt> on London. at sight, paper,'25f. 40c., inoney, 25f Ac.; threeaawoAl, money, 24f. 97Tc. AUSTRIA. (Frnoi OUR ows' CORuuxsroSflms.) VIENTNA Arxm 29. The 15th Article of the Treaty of Peacei has caused a terrible panic among tho holders of the shares of the Danubian Steam Navigation orapany. It is felt that the monopoly of the Dasgbe by th, Austrian company must soon be at an end, aul consequently the shares have fallen 30f1. (S2.) within two or three days. The Vienna press does not question the right of English and French steamers to navigate the Danube, but it is inclined to fanc that the Auistrian Steam Navigation Company,whigo has invested capital to the amount of 30,o00, ft. on the strength of its "exclusive patent," Ca4n claim some kind of indemnification from this Government. It appears stranige that the Austrixa Government should have granted an exclusive p- tent for thenavigation of the Darnube, as the 1th appendix to the treaty concluded at Vienna in 1815 contains the following conditions - " Art. 1. The Powers whose States are separated or in. tersected by the same navigable river pledge themselves to settle between themselves everything concerning its navigation. In order to effect this they -will appoint commissaries, who shall meet within giX months after the eiodsng of the Congress, and take as thae basis of their opera. tions the following principles " Art. 2. The navigation of all the rivers indicated ia tire preceding article, from the point -where each of them becomes navigable to its embouchure, shall be entirely free, and cannot, in as far as commerce is concerned, be prohibited to any one (interdite d personnc) who shall act in conformity to the police regulations, which shall seria for aII alike, and be as favourable as possible to the commerce of all nations." Ry the second article it is to be seen that any foreign company has an indisputable right to send tt vessels from, the mouths of the Danube up to Austria and Bavaria. The Imperial Government could promise the Steam Navigation Company not to permnit a second Austrian co;mpany to be established, but it could not, of course, undertake to grant a monopoly of the river. In Art. XCVI. of the main treaty of the year 1815 is the following passage - "The general principles adopted by the Congress of Vienna for the navigation of rivers shal bO applicable to the The last quotation has been made because it occurs to me that the vessels of the Ausrian Lloyd now navigate the Po. The great question of the Galician railroads is still pending, but the Galician nobles have requested the AMinister for PubEc Works to give them a definitive answer. The best way of settling the matter would be to bring abouta fusion between the noblex and the Northern Railroad Company, but to this plan the latter objects. ITALY. Count Cavour arrived at Turin on the 29th ult. The Ministers, some emnployes of the Department of Finance, and the private friends of the Mlinister met him at the railway station. In the course of the day he was waited upon by a great number of Senators and Deputies, who congratulated him on his return. The Risorgimento announces that a demonstration was to be made by the political partisans of the Sardinian Plenipotentiary, " to testify to him their sympathy and satisfaction for his noble and firm attitude in the Congress of Paris, whera he defended with energy and dignity the interests of Italy." The Opinioite of Turin of the 30th ilt. has the folloving, dated Parma, 2ith:- " ere is the trath respecting our situation. The Aus. trians, under the most futile pretext, have usurped the government of the city, suspended all the authorities, occupied the greatest part of the territory, effected a considerable number of arrests, and thrown the prisoners into the dungeons of Mantua. There is no truth in the report that the Austrians wrere voluntarily called in by the Duchegs Regent. They alarmed the Princess by exaggerating the perils of the situation, and took adrantage of the weakness of a womam The Dacal decree proclaiming mria law was not countersigned by any of the dinisters. The whole affair was arranged and concerted betweea the Duchess and. the Austrian General."
COUBT CIRCULAR. Her Majesty held a Court on Saturday afternoon at Bucldngham Palace. Baron de Brannow, on a special mission from the Emperor Alexander IL of All the Russias, had an audience of the Queen to announce the accession of His Imperial Majesty to the throne of Russia. His Excellency was introduced by tho Earl of Clarendon, K.G., the Queen's principal Secretary of State for Foreign Afairs, and conducted by Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward Cust, K.C.H., Her Majesty's Master of the Ceremonies. The Earl of Clarendon had an andience of the Queen. Her Majesty was attended by Lord Waterpark, Lord in Waiting, and General Sir Edward Bowater, Groom in Waiting. His Royal Highness Prince Albert rode on horseback, attended by Captain Da Flat. T'he Princesses Helena and Louisa, with Prince Arthur, visited Her Royal Highness the Dnchess of Glocester on lFriday at Glocester House. Their Royal Highnessestook a drive in an open carriage and four on Saturday. The Queen had a dinmer party in the evening. The company included their Poyal Elighnesses the Duchess of Kent, the Princess Royal, and the Dake of Carnbridgc, the Dachess of Grafton, the Dake and Duchess of Northumberland, the Marquis of Ely, the Countes Mount Edgeumbe, lady Fanny Howard, the Earl and Countess Spencer, Lord James Murray, Colonel Francis Seymour (Scots Fusileer Guards), and the Hon. J. Macdonald. The band of the Second Life Gnards attended in the Palace and played during dinner. Her Majesty's privata band performed in the evening the Overture *Torvaldo e Dorliska".lta.shii. Selection "La Traviata".. Verdi. Serenadeo. ausons. Mmsch .labitzW. Yesterday being the day appointed for the general thaukl. giving for the restoration of peace the Queen and Prince Albert, with the Prince of Wales, the Prinemss Royal, Prince Alfred, the Princess Alice, and the Duchess of Kent, attended Divine servico in the forenoon in the chapel in Buckinghaim Palace. The servico -was performed by the Dean of Windsor, and the sermon was preached by the Bishop of Oxford. The ladies and gentlemen of the Court and the domestic Household attended. Her Mlajesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort went in the afternoon to attend Divine service in Westmninster Abbey, accompanied by the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Prin.ce Aifred, and the Princess Alice, and attendedbv the Marchioness of Ely, Lady Caroline Barrington, the Hon. Mary Seymour, Lord Waterpark, Viscount Toroingtn, Sir EdLward Bowater, Major-General the Hon. C. Grey, Captain Du Plat, Mr. Gibbs, and the Dean of Windsor. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent visited the Duchess of Glocester yesterday. The following deputations had an interview with the Right Hoii. Edward Horsman at the Irish-office, on Friday, on the subiect of the Lunatic Asylum BiU, Ireland :-From the Governor of the District Lunatic Asylum at Belfast for the ccnnties of Antrim, Down, and CarrickfersIord Dufferin, the Mayor of Belfast, Rle. Henry Cooke, D.D., LL.D., Rev. Henry Moulgauny. LL.D., Mr. William Dunvile, and Mr. A. J. Macrory; from the Grand Jury of the county of Antrim-Mr. Thomas Greg; from the Grand Jury of the county Down-Lord Bangor and Mr. William Sharman Crawford; from tho Grand Jury of the county of the town of Carrickfergus-Mr. James Barnett, and the foowing mneunboers of theHouse of Commons:-Lord Dunganmon, Messrs. George Macartney, Richard Da-ison, H. Cairns Lord Bernrd, Lord Cland lIamilton, Sir Denhami Korregs, MIessrs. Wjlliam Kirkc, Loftus Bland, William Fagn, J. Joseph Richardson, Sir Edmund Macnaghton, Rossrs. Thomas Bateson, C. Fortescue, James WNhiteside, Edward Grogan, Sir Robert Ferguson, Colonel Cole, Messrs. John Alexander. John George, Fitz Stephen French, W. R. Auketell, John Martin, and Lord Bangor. Despatches were received atthe Colonialc$ce yesterday from the governors of the colonies on the west coast of Africa.
MIr. Greniille Berkeley, who has 1ately resigned the iepresentation of Cheltenham, wi also resign his appointment at the Poor Law Board iponL accepting the seat at the Board of Cszomns vacated by Mr. George Dawson's death. Mr. R. W. Grey will, we believe, succeed hIr. Grenle 3Berkeley at the Pour LatwXv Board, and Lord Mcek wil fulfil in M5r. Grenville Berkeley's place thoee de.dicae tins uinder Mv. Hayter in the House oS Commons which Mr. (-enville Berkeley has so lorg performed. A e2binet Coiuncil was held on Saturday afternowo, at tbe Foreign-office, aowning-strcet. The InIsters s zesent were-Viscoant Palmerston, the La, Clcllor. Earl Gran-iRne, the Marquis of lamr&mwne. the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, ihe Earl of Clarendc, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, ILord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. }h. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Dike. of Argyll, and the lthght Bon. M. T. Baines. The. Council sat two hcspga The Chancellom oS the Exchequer acklowkftea the receipt of V. from " X.Y.Z." To " verM." -The Chancegl4o of the Exchequer has.m nt received 51. uokuury note for unpaid tases. tZ YVora-x is requeged tt c.dl in Downiug-street. Dortn, MAay 4.-Lord Cow.ley arrivel at Dover this f ttrflooil by a special steamner, the viR1, belonagig to tAti Dover .oyal Mail StrnMpac-ket Corzipru. His Lorcl ship procred to tIle ship Hotel, and wIl leive £sr Leuoiu by the 7.30 ex,rl.s traini this evenUq,
A MERIGA. SOUTHA3PTOI, MAY 4. Bv the United State8' mail steamshi Washin-g ton, Captam Cavendy, which arrived ol Cowes this morning, en routt from New York to Bremen, with the Gernan, French, and English mails we have datea from New York to the 19th nlt. The Washington brings 186 passengers, and on freight about $150,000 in specie, principally for ondon, and the iusual cargo. The Collins' mail steamship Baltic arrived at New York from Liverpool on the 18th ult. The steamship George Law, from Aspinwall, vith t.e semi-monthly mails and nearly $1,500,000 in ticasure from California, had arrived at New York. 91e he Aspinmca/l Courier of the 5th ult. states that C(.lonel Schlessinger, at the head of 4CO troops, was defeated near San Jose by 500 Costa Ricans, under General Mora. Twenty Americans were taken prisoners and shot. The Costa Rican army was about to enter Nicaragua. The statements as to the r5sult of the battle are conflicting. the Washington correspondent of the New York lei-rld, in allLding to the Costa Pica war, says,- " That despatches from Colonel Wheeler to the Governient mention that Colonel Scelessinger's retreat was not a defeat of the Costa Ricans, but a stroke of successful -polcy, superindu6cd by the largely-overwhelming force of -&e enemy." The same correspondentsays,- ' Aniong the offlcial documents received from Oregon is a ltter from Joel P'almer, Superintendent of Indian Affairs, vtiI.o, confirming the statements of Governor Curry, says, *T 5 ne present diffilculty in Southern Oregon is -wholly aUtfrbtable to the acts of the whites,' adding, '1 cannot 1 u-t feel it is our duty to adopt such ireasures as will tt aid to secure the lives of these Indians, and maintain the guarantee secured by treaty stipulations. The future will re that this w.-ar has been forced upon these Indians a-ainst their fill, and that, too, by aset of zeckess vaga1-rds for pecuniary and pohitical objects sanctioned by a tn.erous ponulation who regard theUTreasury of the United State& as a 3egitinmate obiect of plunder. The Indians in th,at district have been driven to desceration by acts of -ntelty against their people. Treaties have been violated,. sad acts of barbarity co mitted by those claiming to be citizens, that would disgrace the most barbarous nations of the ea:th. If none hut those who perpetrated such acts vese to be affected bv this war, e ndght look upon itwith indifference, but unhappily this is not the case."' Advices from Havannah are to the 1lth ult. The nian who attempted to take the life of the Archbishop of Cuba was to be garotted. The cause of the attempt is said to have arisen out of the denunciat-:ons of the Archbishop from the pulpit of certain Spanish hidalgos, vwho were living in open concub.nage vwith their owt n slaves. The aggregate nunibs r of Asiatic labourers which have amrrved at the island since the importation commenced is 4,066. In addition 390 of the unfortulate creatiues had beess lost by disease, accidental drowning, and suicide b. fore reaching Cuka. In the New York money-marketforeign exchange ecntinuted firm. There were but few bills in the mnarket, but with a continued large business in co*ton at the Southern ports, the market would ultiiuately becomie v-ell supplied. The quotations for a3nkers' biDs on London at 60 days' sig,ht was 109* ; r'ais, 5 18 to 5 164; Antwerp, 5 181 to 5 17,; Anmsterdamn, 41 to 414; Hamburg, 36?g to 36fllremen, 781 to 78j; Frankfort, 41 to 41;t The stock mlarket during the week was active, but si bject to heavy fluctuations. Govermment stocks were lheld at high rates and vely little business -was done. The cotton-market continued firm, with sales of about 2,000 to 2,500 bales, closing at about llc. to 11ic. for middling Uplands. Flour, with f.ar sales wvas firmer, and in some cases sold at 64e. to 12Ac. per barrel advance. At the close, howvever, the market was less animated. Wheat was quiet. Small lots of Tennessee red and Southern vhite were sold $1 70 'to $1 81. Rye was at 91c. fer Pensylvania, and 93c. to 95c. asked for northern. Com ranged froml 63c. to 65c. and 6(c. for all kinds cf sound qualities. Pork again advanced, vith sales of mess at $17 50 to $Is 68-&, and at the close <17 75 were demanded. Prime sold at $15 75. Sugars wvere ag,ain active and firm, with sales of about 2,200 hogsheads. Coffee was steady, with sncderate tranlsactions. Freights were rather firmer. WVheat was engaged for Liverpool at 4id. in bags, nrd, 1,500 barrels of flour were taken at Is. 3d., -i-h compressed cotton at Ad. NEW ORLEANS, ARniL 16. Cotton firm and very active, the market being stimulated by easier freights. Sales to-day, 1T,000 bales. The quota. ticals for middling are lCc. to 10.}c. Sugar is selling for 7 c, and the market is finn. Mlolasses is quoted at 35c. 1:-Tur dull, at S6 to $6 25c. Com finn, at 5Stc. Mess pork, St5 75c. Primebeef, $9 62Ac. Bacon-holdersdemanding hgherprice3. Rio coffee is quoted at 11lc. Sterling exchange, 9 per cent. premium. Cotton stiffer; sales to-day 9,500 bales, at ,04C. for nddd:ing. Pork, $16. Beef, $10 50c. Coffee, 114c. (BY ELECTiiC TELEGP.APH.) APRIlL 1S. Cotton has advanced 4c. to ac. Sales to-day 14,000 bales. Xtddting, 103c. to 10c. Sales for the week 66,000 bales. CHARLIESTONL, APBIL 17. Colton. -Sales during the past week, 14,000 bales, at an advance of .'c. to 4c. oU last week's quotations. Good middting is quoted at 10,c. to lIe. Receipts for the week, hS0.qO bales.
THE BRITISII ARMY IN THE CRIMEA. (From a Supplement to the London Gazette of Friday, May 2-Snturdav. Mav 3.) WArl DEPARTMENT, 3'LtY 3. Lord Panrmure has received a despatch, of wlhiclh the following is a copy, addressed to his Lordship by General Sir William Codrington, K.C.B. "SEBASTOPOL, APRIL 19. "My Lord,-On the 12th inst. General LUders sent an aniswer to my letter as to the entrance of our vessels into the harbour. It was to the efect that he had received orders to place no impediment in the wvay of vessels of any description entering the harbour of Sebastopol. I accordiugly informed Admiral Fremantle; ald on the 14th inst. he proceeded to the harbour, with his flag on board Her 2iajesty's ship Banshee, and, passing through the lines of wleck, anchored inside the ouay of Fort Paul. Having anet the Admiral in the dockyard, we went np the harbour in a smrall steamboat, and, passing also along the north side, lhided at Fort Constantine, receiving all civility and attent:cn on the part of the Russian officers. "GeneralLiuders had invited blarshal Pelissier, General Mella Marmora, and myself to meet him at the Traktirbuidge at 12 o'clock on the 13th inst., in order that we might accompany himn to a brealdast on the Mackenzie .einghts The meeting accordingly took place. General librers, with a large staff of Rassian officers, was received in the French lines by a guard of honour and with a salute ef artillery, after which, followed by many officers of the allied and Russian armies, 7we crossed the river and the ~,lain of the Tchernaya, and ascended the heights of :iaclenzie, at the road by which our army came to BalaIdava on the flank march from the Belbek, in September, 1ISZ4. " About C,000 infantry and one battery of Artillery, the d7vision of General Vassilit7k-y, were paraded and marched I att ; a short distance further on the heights a large and ornamented marquee bad been pitched, in which we were the guests of General Liiders, and nothing could exceed the courtesy and attention of all the officers of the Russian arumy. " On the 15th General Lilders came, with many Russian < fdicers, to blarsbal Pelissier's to breakfast and to be preacnt at someraces. It is needless to say that their reception ,was as cordial and the attention as kind as that shown to us in the Russian camp. The afternoon was passed at the course in the neighbourhood of the Monastery of St. George,l where the races and a corrousd of the Chasseurs d'Afrique finished the day. -On the 17th Marshal Pelissier reviewed the French a-my on the range of heights near the Monastery of St. George. "1 From all sides-from Kamiesel, at some distance on the west; from the Feduikhine and the inner heights on the plain of Balaklava, and from the nearer camps below us-we saw the French columns, with their artillery, pass over the undulating ground below to the concentration upon their position on the heights. " At 11 o'clock we met General Lilders at the Col de IBlalakava, and, riding up the steep hill above it, we passel along the line of columns, extendig, in more open order than we generally form, a distance of about twvo miles and a-half. 'rhe army then marched past-S8 battalions, five regiments of cavalry, siege artilierymen, Sappers, and 198 guns; the defile of this army lastin- till 3 p.m. "General Luiders then came to luncheon at the Enalish 1ead-quarters. The General officers of our army had been inivited, and Marshal Pelissier, with many French officers, and General Deila 3armora, with Sardinian officers, were rood enough to mneet General Lilders at this house. Your 1-ordship is aware that the Sardinian army is partly emlbarked, and the remainder getting ready to leave the Cnimea. " The English armywas formed ata short distance in front of these head-qnarters; the siege train and the Sappers on the right of the iifantry; 49 battalions in contiguous quarterdistance columns of regiments; two troops of Horse Artillery and five batteries on the right of the line, six batteries and two heavy batteries on the left of the linle,-in all 86 guns. Two regimnents of the Land Transport Corps were comnplete and in good order in rear. " General Liiders rode down the line, accompanied by a large assembly of Russian, French, and Sardinan officers, and the troops also marched p.st bim. I have the satisfaction of assuing your Lordship of the steady, the good, the healthy appearance of the army; of its very apparent efficiency in every branch; of the order, quietness, and regu3arity vith which every regiment passed by; and it was a subject of pride to us aU to feel that such was tho appear. ance of the armY of England in the Crimea. " General LiGders returned to Bakshiserai, having expressed himself much gratified at the attention shovn him by ,ie allies. "I have, &c., "W W. J. CODRINIGTON, General Commanding. "The Lord Panmure, &c."
TALBOTS DIYORCE. TrOIJSE OF TfRTDS Mif-V 2. Tli 'was the petition of John Talbot, of Mount Talbot, in tie county of IRoscommon, praying that his marriage with Mary Anne, his now wife, might be dissolved, and that he might be allowed to marry agin. The previous. proceedings before their lordships in this case, together with the evidence then adduced on the part of the peti2tioner, appeared in T T'ims of the 13th and 15th of. March last. 'lhe cause was resumedon Monday last, and occupied the whole of that day, and also of Tuesday, Wednesday, and this day. Mtr. Serjeant -Byles, Mr. 31. Smith, and Mrr. Honyman appeared for the petitioner; Mr. Merewether and M1r. Den. man opposed the bi on behalf of Mrs. Talbot; and Mr. Serjeant Wrangham, Mr. Edwin James, and Dr. Ball (of the Irish Ecdesiastical bar) opposed the bill on the part of Mrs. Talbot's family. The noble Lords present were-the Lord Chancellor, Lord Brougham, and Lord St. Leonard's. The following further evidence was then called on tha part of the petitioner:- The Rev. Abraham Sergent said, he was the prebendary of Cashel Cathedral. He had resided near Mir. and Mts. Talbot in 1850. His sister-in-law, Mrs. Sherlock, also resided near them. Upon one oecasion he had called upon the Talbots when Mr. Talbot was out. He saw a bloodhound running towards. him, and he ran into the house without knockiDg at the door. He, opened a door leading into the drawing-room, and saw Mrs. Talbot lying on the .floor with her clothes raised. There wvas a man k-neeling on the ground by her. Upon seeing this he left the house, and at once proceeded to the house o' MIr. Hamilton, the rector of the pariah, and communicated these facts to hin. He had notmentioned them to anybody else. Cross-examined.-He should not know the man he saw igain; but he recollected his dress. He had not cautioned his daughters not to visit Mrs. Talbot, but he had cirs. Sherlock. He had not told what he knew until Mr. Adair had threatened to summon him before the House. By the HousE.--The man who was with Mrs. Talbot was dressed as a gentleman, with a gold chain. It was certainly not Mullan. Re-examined.-He had seen Ir. Talbot go out, so he was sure it was not he. He had seen Mrs. Talbot's face most distinctly. George Purcell said, he was a cabinet-maker, living at Mallow. He had been employed at Eden-hil while the Talbots were there. He had seen Mrs. Talbot and Mullan through the parlour window seated on the sofa, with their arms round each other's necks. Cross-examined.-He had mentioned this to his wife the, same evening. He could not say whether it was summer or winter. Mullan was dressed in his stable clothes, and he remarked his strong dirty boots as he walked over the carpet. Susan Benn said, she was a single woman, and was living with Mr. and Mrs. Talbot in 1850 as cook. Mrs. Talbot had discovered her drinking some wine which was upon Mullan's table. She had threatened to discharge her, upOn which she had told MIrs. Talbot that she should tell Mtr. Talbot the reason if she wras turned away. Cross-examined.-She had not said before that she had never seen anything imoro r in Mrs. Talbot's conduct. She had said that Mrs. Talbot always appeared kind and familiar to all her servants, and that the kindness she showed Mullan was not mnore than any lady might have shown her servant, he having charge of her horse. She tboight Mrs. Talbot had more kindness for Mlullan than she had for the other servants. Dr. John Harrison, a genieral practitioner at Roscommon, said he had attended upon Binnerty, who had formerly been in the service of MIr. Talbot, and that person was suffering fromtubercles on the lungs, and could not have beenbrought to London without great danger to him. FrederickAdair said, he had acted as Mr. Talbot's solicitor and had prepared his will, which had since been destroyed by Mr. Talbot's instructions. That will had left Mrs. Talbot and the child everyt,hing. 9,000!. had been settled upon 31rs. Talbot at her marriage, 4,0001. being Mr. Talbot's and o,000!. her owni. Neither he nor r. Talbot had anything to do with Mrs. Talbot's journey to En-land. It was the act of her owvn family. He had been unable to discover Hialloran. Cross-examined.-He had not arranged with Mr. 3'Caus. land about sending Mrs. Talbot to England. The depositions of Michael Fallon were here read as given by him in the court below, in which he stated he had seen MWrs. Talbot in Muller.'s room. The deposition of Finnerty was tendered and objected to. It was intimated that the petitioner was present if their Lordships wished to ask him anything. This closed the case for tle petitioner. After some discussion, it was arranged that the evidence in opposition to the bill should be heard before the counsel in opposition addressed the House. Tlhe follo'ving evidence was then heard in opposition to the bill Captain Williamson said, he resided at Castle-hill, near 3allow, and had been well acquainted with the Talbots since 1848. He had recommended Mullan to them. He recollected Mr. Talbot saying that Mullan had a certain disease, in 1849. He had never heard of any improprieties on the part of Mrs. Talbot until the discovery. Martin Carrick, a retired policemen, said. he knew Patrick Doogan, who had come to him and said he had made a statement to Mr. Talbot, in 1853, which was not true, and that if he was assured he should cometo no harn, he would nmake a statement in favour of Mrs. Talbot, as he knew she was wronged. He had taken down his statement, which Doogan himself signed. By the HoUSE.-Five or sis weeks afterwards he had promised Doogan a place. Cross-exaniined.-He had taken statements from other persons who were to give their evidence. He had made a copy of Doogasn's statement in a book. (This book was sent for, and on its arrival their Lordships severely examined the witness upon it.) Dr. Barry.-Resided at Mallow, and was a ph sician. He had attended Munllan for a certain disease, whie he was living wsith the Talbots, at Summer-hill and Eden-hilL It was a severe attack Cross-examined.-He had no entry of this fact in his books, as Mullan had come to him as a pauper. Andrew Nash, assistant to Dr. Barry, stated that he had mixed the miedicines for Mullan when the Talbots were at Surmner-hill and Eden-hill. Mrs. Williamson, the -wife of Captain Williamson, said, she had been very intimate with the Talbots during their residence at Summer-hill. She recollected an English ser'%ant named Rosa being there. She was a tall, good-looking girl, and very like Mrs. Talbot, as well as being of the same age. She was dismissed for levity of conduct. MBArs. Talbot was a quiet, ladylike, retired woman, constantly with her child, to whom she was devotedly attached. Mr. Sergent was very short-sighted. The Misses Sergent did not discontinue visiting Mrs. Talbot. so far as she knew. Cross-examined.-Roaa left the Talbots in the summer of 1850. Margaret Rall had lived with the Talbots, in 1S51, as lady's maid, and had remained until 1852. Had been taken over to Irelanm from England by Mr. Talbot. When she arrived at Mount Talbot she found the house in a very dirty state. She recollected Mullan. MIr. Talbot told ATrs. Talbot to look after the cleaning of the rooms herself, and she had been over the house with 1rs. Talbot to see if they were clean. She had never seen Mrs. Talbot behave improperly, neither had she seen anything improper in the conduct of Mullan towards Mrs. Talbot. Mtrs. Talbot never spoke to Mullan except upon business. She recollected the evening of the dinner party at MIr. Mahon's. The gentlemen went out about six o'clock that evening, and Mrs. Talbot remained at home with a sick headache. About 7 o'clock 3Mrs. Talbot, vho had been lying on the bed, went into the library with her child, to whom she repeated a prayer and a hnmn. Mrs. Talbot then told her to take the child to bed. She did so, and, the child bein- Testless, sbe had stayed in the room until half-past 9 o'clock. The child slept in a cot next to Mrs. Talbot's bed. She went up again, and Maria Moconey brought up a kettle of hot water. Maria Mooney mnade some remark about the child. The gentlemen came hoime about 11 o'clock. Cross-examined.-Mr. Adair did not tell her what 3Maria Mooney had stated. She had not said that it might have cccurred that evening witlsout her seeing it. She had-taken snessnges to Mallan, but they were about orders. She had said tbat Mullan had had some of Mr. Talbot's shirts. She heever said she thought that very improper. She had niever said that she had seen many things which owing to her youth she did not think improper, but now she had grewn older she had changed her opinion. Be-examined.-They were only thres old shirts. Esther Leonard.-I was housemaid at the Talbots' from November,18:51, until MIay, 1852. The day before Mrs. Talbot left I heard a noise in the afternoon in the yard. I looked out of the window, and saw Mr. Talbot, Ealloran, Finnerty, and Mrs. Talbot and the child. Iheard Halloran say, " Go and tear your child from Mlrs. Talbot, for if you leave her the child you will bave to supPorb your wife and the child too." hlr. Talbot then torethe child away. I afterwards went up to Mrs. Talbot's room, and saw her on her knees, praying Hal. loran and Finnerty, who were in the room, to bring Mr. Talbot up to her, for her to explain how they had wronged her. They told her that she could not see hin. Mr. Talbot was then in the parlour. Mrs. Talbot rang the bell in the night. I went upstairs, and foundher lying on the bed. ShetoldmethatHalloran, whowasin the room, had taken-her by the foot, and had thought to take liberties with her. I got him out of Mrs. Talbot's bedroom. He had been drinking. Mr. Talbot left the house that night. I remained with Mrs. Talbot myself until the morninrg. She was in a violent state: she wanted to throw hersel out ofthe window-. Shebegano tear her hair, crying that she wished she could kil herself. I had to get towels to bind her hands. Indthe morning Halloran and Finnerty came back with lullan between 9 and 10 o'clock. I heard Mrs. Talbot's bell ring, and when I went upstairs I found Halloranhadlockedthedoor,and wasstandingwiththehandle in his hand. I went round to the other door and I found Finnerty there with the door also locked. I at length obtained entrance, and I found Mullan standing in the middle of the room in a violent state of liquor. Mrs. Talbot was lying on the bed. and she told me to " put that man out of the room." Mullan told me that he had been brought there by Halloran, who had made hini drunk with five tumblers of punch, and had told him that 3Mrs. Talbot wished to see him in her bedroom. Hallorar heard this, and made a boast of having done it. The three then went out of the room, and I stayed there. Mrs. Talbot was quite out of her mind then. About 11 or 12 o'clock I saw M1r. Mahon and MIr. M`Lelan. I went down without my shoes and let Mr. M'Lelan in. Mr. MIkelan went up to Mrs. Talbot, who did not seem to know him. He remained there about half-an-hour. He returned again in half-an-hour, and said Mrs. Mahon was going to send her lady's-nsaid to take Mrs. Talbot to Dublin. A carriage came for her, and we were obliged to carry her downstairs to prevent her throwing herself over the banisters. I heard Hal'oran say that he would go and make Mullan get up behind the carriage, as it would look worse to drive so into Dublin, and that they should tell Mullan that Mrs. Talbot desired to see him. Mr. Talbot came down with Mr. Adair to collect evidence. On the morning after they arrived Mr. Talbot sent for sue, and said that Mr. Adair had told him I was no evidence for him. I said, all I could say waathat Mrs. Talbot was a right, pro er, and well-conducted lady, and that I would lay down mylife that she was a right proper lady. I had given notice to Finnerty. Yr. Talbot asked why-I wished- to leave? I said that the Mittatrahr. Talbot had- left HIalloran had come to my I bedroom do etbrkii,nhad said ' hecoudV et n hwrold d th sae t meas e wantecl to I dotolfrs Talbot~r..3r Talbot said, "If you goto Dablin you will put a great -deal of money out of my pocket if you do not say the iime as'thp other servants do." - By the Housi.-I told bim what Haltoran and Finnerty had done to Mrs. Talbot. Mr. Talbot did not express any Xsurprise at it, but said he was going to raise Hl3loran's and F Finnerty's wawges4 and he would do the same to me iffI i would stay. J Cross-examnined&-I did not mention the fact of Halloran Eaying "Tear the child away" at the other trials in Dnblin, but I told it to Mr.Adair. l never heard nything-xgainMt iJse lady until the discovery. I never told Mr. Adair that I had found the pantry door locked, and when I looked 1 hrough the keyhole I saw Mrs. Talbot and Mullan on aa tnn chair togethef. By the HoosL-WhenI went into the room Mrs. Talbot's f`eet were on^a chair, She was lying on the bed sideways when I found Halloran in the room. Her legs were covered, but her dress was crumpled as if it had been disturbed. - Mary Casey, the Iwife of a smjall farmer, said, the evening after the discovery Mullanhadappliedat herhousefor abed, which she had refused to let him have. The next morming Mulan and Finnerty had called at her house, and she hai heard the latter say to Mullan-" If you go to Mount Talbot, you will have a ride for nothing, and here is 20. which Xr. Talbot left if you w-ill ride on the-coach in which Mrs Talbot is going." MIulan said that he would not take 50. to travel with Mrs. Talbot, as she was innocent o2 the charge made against -her. He said that M1r. Talboi would believe anything that was told him, and that Finnerty was at the bottom of the conspiracy. Cross-examined.-Mullan said, he had called Mr. Talbot "ight-headed Johnny." The depositiona of Mary Armstrong were then read, in which she stated that shehad been Mrs. M'Causland's lady'smaid. She had seen Mrs. Talbot at Coffee's Hotel, when thatlady wasquitechildishandfoolish. Mrs. Talbot knew her at first, but afterwards forgot her, and used to address her as her child. Mrs. Talbot used to take pins and ran into her own arms. She tore her flesh with her nails, and took up a knife for the purpose of killing herself. She had also endeavoured to throw herself out of the window. Mrs. Tal'ot had gone down, on her knees, and prayed her to give her some poison. She used to be frightened and timid, starting at everything, and clinging to people for protection. In answer to a question from Lord BRoucG3nA,, *Mr. Serjeant Wrangham said that ho put this evidence forward in explanation of Mrs. Talbot's admission of her Dr. Connolly, the physician at Hanwell Asylum, said, in bis opinion Mrs: Talbot was insane. Women often fancied themselves guilty when insane. Cross-examined -He did not recollect any person when accused of a crime confessing it when under the influence of insanity. *Dr. Roscow, another physician, said he believed Mrs. Talbot to be of unsound mind. She said the charges were not true. Ile thought she was getting better, but he did not think she would ever be well. By Lord ST. LEONARD's.-If he had seen her among a number of other persons, without being told she was insane he should have considered that she either was, or would b come insane. Thomas Quirk, a shloemaker, said that Maria Mooney had told him that Mrs. Talbot was as honest a woman as ever lived. She had offered to be sworn upon a ll.-note that there was no truth in the reports. Cross-examined.-His wife was present at the time when slhe said this. John Paget said, he was a member of the bar, and his brother had married MIrs. Talbot's sister. He had been intimate with Mrs. Talbot both before and after her marriage. From the time of the transaction on the 19th of May, 1852, down to Novemberl53, he had beenunableto find out her residence. During that time she had been living at the house of a Mrs. Tennant, near Windsor. His brother had then taken her to their father's house in Leicestershire. Hewent overtto Dublin in August, 1853, and found that a proctor, Mr. Worthing, was defendin'l Mrs. Talbot. On returning to England he had directed his attorney to take proceedingsin the Consistory Court. Those ~ roceedings had the sanction of Mr. and Mrs. ~WCausland. He had sent Thompson over to Ireland for the ace of collecting evidence at the recommendation of Mr. 13iall, of Bow-street. Mrs. Talbotremained at his father's house until August last. ler mind appeared shattered-quite disordered, and had become imbecile of late. She had never been very intelligent, but had been a good musician. He had written some pamphlets upon this matter, some of which he had circulated among his private friends, and some he had sent to their lordships before he knew that the present proceedings would be taken. Cross-cxamined.-Mr. MCausland was not paying the expenses of the present opposition. Mlrs. Talbot used to dine with his intimate friends when she was at his father's house. He did not think she had ever been present when strangers were there. Mr. Paget, a youner sister of Mrs. Talbot, said, shehad visited Mrs. Talbot when she lived at Summner-hill, and had been greatly struck at the indifferent appearance of the female servants. She had known a girl there named Rosa, who had been discharged for very improper conduct. (The witness then went on to state the same opinion with respect to Mrs. Talbot's state of mind as the last witness.) MIrs. Talbot had not been allowed enough money to dress decently upon by Mr. Talbot although he was keeping his three hunters. She was continually with her child, and was a most excel. lent wife. Cross-examined.-Her sister had dined with their friends because there was nothing violent in her conduct. Thomas Tertius Paget, a banker at Leicester, and the husband of the last witness, corroborated her evidence. Cross-examined.-Since the decision in the Consistory Court Mr. M'Cansland had refused to allow Mrs. Talbot to reside with his family. Ms. John Paget gave similar evidence. Mr. Paget, sen., said, hlrs. Talbot had come to his house in Leicestershire, and during that period he had never seen anything but the most exact purity in her conduct and manner. This closing the case in opposition to the bill, AMr. F. Adair was recalled to contradict some facts as stated by the witnesses for the opposition. Mr. Serjeant WMUNGHAIr, in addressing the House in opposition to the bill, said, this was the first case of late years in which the question of a lady's innocence or guilt b,ad been a matter of dispute at their lordships' bar, and in which more evidence was required than was usuallynecessary to establish a plaintiff's claim in an undefended suit. The main question would be, had Mrs. Talbot been guilty of infidelity vwith lullan? MIore and more doubt had been throwrn upon this supposed fact as more and more light had been let in upon it, and the bill was opposed upon the firm conviction of her innocence. very smlall portion of the evidence now produced on the part of the petitioner had been heard at Dublin, and the case had been continually altering its complexion. They had heard nothing of the alleged discovery of the 19th of May, 1852, and Finnerty, the two witnesses upon whose evidence alone the verdi, t against Mullan in the Sheriffs' Court had been given, had n,ot been called. What were their lordships asked to believe? That a lady who had received a gentle and religious rearingand who was married to agentleman of suitable station and age had at once forgotten all that had been instilled into her mind, and had prostituted herself in the most shameless and reckless manner; that in almost every room in the house she was in the habit of daily indulging in the most lascivious and w-anton manner with her menial servant, who was during most of the time of the alleged adulterous intercourse suffering from a loathsome and disgraceful disease. Was it credible that she should have passed from teachinr her loving child its evenmng prayer and its evening hymn, and as soon as it was laid in slumber had gone to her own bed, and close to the side of that innocent child indulged in the embraces of a groom? Ithadbeensworn that shewas a uiet, ladylike, and modest woman, a de. voted and excellent wife. WVas that consistent with habitually enjoying tho embraces of her groom in the dirty stall of a stable, on the carpet of her own drawingroom, and by the side of her slumbering child? It was perfectly incredible, and their lordships could not believe it, although it was not so inconsistent with the character of the girl Rosa, who he submitted had been mistaken by Mr. Sergent for Mrs. Talbot. The learned counsel then went on to review the whole case, and had not concluded when the House adjourned until Monday (this day) at 10 o'clock.
[Advertisemecnt.]-A Unanimous Verdict.-" The Amusing Library" bas received the universal suffre.ge of tho British press as tle best of tbe PopuLar Libraries of the day. The " Diily Express" echoe3 the general testimony.-" The 'Amusing Library' presents attranctions uequnlied by any other series." " It is guited," says anotber, "fior al classes and ages; is benutifuUY printed and bound; anud contains no'.hitg immoral or controversial-eharscteriscies in.which ire belicre itstands almost alone." 17 vols. aronow ready, Is. 6d. to 2s.6i. Itcontains the admired "Romances.of Conscience,"thecharming Tales of Mrs. Hall. and the "Extraordinary Adventm'esof Gerard, the Iion Killer." Laambert and Co.. 462, New Oxford-street; and soid by every booisellcr and at every Railway. Descriptive lists free on ap- phea3tion. A dvertiseanent.]-." The Poisoner of the 17th Century." In fp. o., price ls.tRId, fancy beards, or freeby post for 22 stamps. "The ?,larehjonem of Brinvilliers, the Poisonerof the 17Qi Ccntury," by Abert Smith. Grest as is the interest generally taken bythe publlc in MIr. Albert Smith's words, it i,s ,nevertheless very much to be doubted if "ITe Marchioness of Brnnlhers" wil not exceed in sale any of his previous publications. On the eve of a trial without a rarallel in this cotmtry, it vividly portrays by a master rind similar dark a-d mysterious deeds that actually occurred twro centuries since in France, and which, by their exciting interest, have become matters of history in the annals of that country. London, George Routledge, and Co., Farringdounstreet; mid aU booksellers and ra.lway stations.
:AW; RHpPOET. COuRT OF CCICRY T.r'---.t Lr._ i - . I . . -MR?N-DOX Y.RRA nn- - ? , ? -m .? '(Bef*rc -&a -, - ? hv. BaiY (fr. Hardy wdith him) -applied for leave to have a-rehearing of.a decree in this cause made as far back as the month of June,-1825. It appeared that the suit was an -administration one, and by the decree in questioncan.- error had been committed in the enumeration of the parties -eatitled toshare the property.- The delay had been caused by the frequency of the, abatements of the slit through death (the requisite parties being very numerous,) and latterly by reason of negotiations for an arrangement5which::had'ultimately failed. The whole fund was now in court. The LoanD HANCELLOR said,he was under the impression that tbere was3a rule of Court forbidding a rehearing after a lapse of 20 years. l Mr. BILY said that the rule appeared to have been relaxed-under special circutustances. Inthecases of "Wynn v. Edwards" 9,Bea.) and "Woolmer v. Astley" (L PhiL) orders had been made for rehearing after the expiration of 20 years. -" The LOPD CHANCELLOR said, the present case wag a very fitone for the exercise of the-discretion of the Court. The fund was-in -court, and it was only right that care should ba taken that it was-paid out to the right parties. The order. -asked for would be made. -IN-E TOLSON;S PATENT. This was an application by certain patentees who had obtained a patent three years ago for an invention for effecting a purpose similar to that stated in Tolson's petition_ namely, the production of metallic lustre on cloth-to have copies furnised them of Tolson's provisional specification, in order to see whether his alleged invention was the same as theirs. Mr. Webster and Mr. Hindmarch (both of the common Iaw bar} appeared in the case. The LORD CHANCELLOR refused the application with costs, stating that sometimes it might be very detrimental to an inventor to have his specification seen prematurely, and thereby published to the world before the time in tended. HALRISON V. GUEST. This was an appeal from a decree of Vice-Chancellor Kindersley, setting aside a deed executed by a person named Hunt, whereby he gave up certain property to the defendant upontheeconsideration of afaUl and perfect maintenance during his life. The bill was filed by certain persons claiming the property through HCunt, wvho did not long survive the barg'ain, and sought to impeach it on the ground of -fraud, bat the Vice-Chancellor npset the transaction mainly on the ground that the original contract between the partieshad not been carried ont by the deed. The case, which is one of fact depending on the evidence, was not concluded when the Court rose. Mr. Baily and Mr. Llderton were counsel for the apPellant; 3hrSwanston and Mr. Shapter supported the decree.- (Before the Loans JusTcEs of APPEAL.) L BANRUPTCY. EX PARTE GFAVES IN RE STRAMAN, PAUL, AND BATES. This petition of appeal from an order of the commissioner has been heretofore reported in 27e Times durinn the present term. The prayer of the petition, which iS presented by M1r. Geaves and another gentleman, the trustees of themarriage settlement of Captain and Mrs. Fitzgerald, is that leave may be given to prove against the separate estate of Mr. Strahan for a sum of 13,0001. and a SUnw of 4,0001., the aggregate amount of the trust ftunds of that settlement. Mr. Swanston and Mr. F. 0. ilaynes appeared for tho petitioners; Mr. Chandless, 3Mr. Harnen (of the common law bar), and Mr. Surrage opposed on behalf of the assignees. The case was heard on the 25th inst. and another day, and then stood over for judgment, which was delivered this morning at the sitting of the Court. Lord Justice TUR.N ER said that the petition was presented by the trustees of the marriage settlement of Captain and Mrs. Fitzgerald to prove against the separate estate of the bankrupt, Mr. Strahan, for 17,0001., the aniount of a fund lost by the bankraptey of the firm of Strahan, Paul, and Bates, such proof to be without prejudice to certain securities to be spoken of thereafter. Mrs. Fitzgerald was the daughter of the late Sir John Dean Paul, and sister of the present baronet. She had exuectancies under the estate of Miss Ann Simpson in certain events, and those expectancies formed the subject or part of the subject of the settlbment. The settlement contained a covenant of the intended husband with the trustees to settle after acquired roperty of his intended wife, and the lady's father settle money upon certain trusts, and there was in the settlement a power to lay out trust funds upon Govornment or real secnrities. The marriage took place before April, 1846, when 15,0001. Consols, the produce of M1iss Simpson's estate, was vested in Lord Alvanley and the present baronet, then fr. J. D. PauL In that month 13,7421. 6s. 3d. of the stock was sold out, and in June in the same year the remainder was sold out. It did not precisely appear what became of the money, but there was little or no doubt that it caine into the coffers of the banling-house. In September, 1847, a deed was entered into, to which the three bankrupts, the late Sir John Dean Paul, Captain and Mrs. Fitzgerald, and Lord Alvanley were parties, which recited the fact of four bonds having been given to the bankers, of which the late baronet was then one, and that 13,0C01. had been agreed to be advanced to the firm and the bonds -be assigned as a security, and by the deed this was done. It was quite impossible to doubt that everybody engaged in this transaction concurred in committing a gross breach of trust; for, in fact, there was no power to invest in anything but Government or real securities. In 1852Mr. Strahan was appointed a trustee of the settlement, he and his partner Paul having been parties to the deed of 1817. Jpon that occasion Mr. Strahan was bound to see that the fund was properly placed, and doubtless he became liable in equity for that 13.0001. The Commissioner had so held, and properly so, and that without prejudice to the securities the present trustees were entitled to prove. Then, as to the 4,0001., the remainder of the 17,0001., proof of which was also sought to be made, the right to do that depended on the question whether Mr. Strahan was or was not liable to pay the same. That sum consisted of 2,0001., surplus proceeds of the sale of the fund, sold out in 1S4G, 1,0001. further sum removed from Miss Simpson's estate, and 1,0001. received from the estate of her then late father, Sir John Dean Paul, the first and second of which sums came to the hands of the present baronet before Mr. Strahan become a trustee, and the remainder after he became a trustee. The question was, therefore, whether Mr. Strahan was liable for these sums. In his evidence given before the Commissioner, Mr. Strahan swore that he accepted the trust because the firm had had the money. As between the cestuis quc trust of the settlement and the creditors of Mr. Strahan, it had been said in the argument that that gentleman was liable lecause he knew that tho muoney had come to the hands of Sir John Dean Paul, his partner, and he must have so laown because Sir John kept a separate account with the firm. That account amounted to about 73,0001., and seemned do have consisted chiefly of funds of -which Sir J. Paul was a trustee, and the 4,0001. came into this private account, or the greater part of it, and it had been contended that Mr. Strahan did know, or must be held to have known, as he cglght to have known, this. It was, however, in evidence that some part of this account did not consist of moneys - amrising from breaches of trust. There was no proof beforo ihe Court that Mr. Stiuhan had any knowledge or intimation that this 4,0001, part of the Fitzgerald trust moneys, had ever come into this account, nor was there any evidence to lead to the belief that he had. He might well suppose that the 13,0001. alone formed part of the moneys liable to the trusts of the settle. mnent. In the evidence of Sir John Dean Paul he spoke of Mr. Strahan knowig that the fund cameinto the banking account, but even then it was not clear whether he alluded as -well to the 4,0001. as the 13,0001., while it was plain that Mr. Strahan absolutely denied that he knew that anything beyond the 13,0001. had come into the account. Then it haa been said, in argument, that a knowledge as to both tho 4,0001. and the 13,0001. ought to be imputed to Ir. Strahan, because, in addition to this separate account, there was also an accountbetween the banking firm and Mrs. Fitzgerald, in vhich credit was given in her favour for the interest on the 4,0001. This, however, rather tended to lead Mr. Strahan to the conclusicn that the 4,0001. was not part of the trust funds, because credit was given for the 4,000l., and the reasonable presumption was that the 4,0001.nad beendealtvith separately, and the more especially so as the same sums for interest were debited in Sir John Dean Paul's separate account. Mr. Strahan might reasonabl also suppose that some dealing had taken place between Sir John Dean Paul and his sister, Mrs. Fitzgerald, by reeson of which the 4,0001 was kept separate from the 13,0001. His Lordship was of opion that the separate estate of Mr. Strahan was not liable on the ground of knowledge of the 4,0001. being trust money, sad that, therefore, there was no right of proof in respect of it against- that separate estate. Then came the question whichhad, in the argument, been raised of wilful default. It was said that the 40001. represented property after acquired by Mrs. Fitzgerald, and that Mr. Strahanwas bound to know this. -A trustee, however, who became a trustee;was entitled to assume that everything before lhe became a trustee had been properly done, had been duly and properly attended to, and, therefore, that Mr. Strahan could not on this account be properly charged with wilful default. A court of equity ought not to charge Mr. Strahan, because lie did not mquire as to after acquired -property, for a trustee could not be expected from day to day to inquire what property had accrued to a wife under a covenant of her husband to settle the same. His Lordship was, there-. fore, of opinion that Mr. Strahan's estate was not liable on the ground of vilful default. As to the point raised in argument of the reputed owvnership of the securitis,: his - lordship was of opinion that, upon the facts as shown inthe evidence,thereal andthereputed ownershipcoincided. Ithad been said that in the passbook of one of the obligors interest was debited in a different way than had been theretofore done, and that there was notice to the obligor that the new firm were the parties entitled. As to the. other bonds assigned by the deed of 1847, it was as clear as of the last mentioned bond that the costuis quo trust of the settle,mnent might have compelled an appropriation of the whole of them to the trusts of the settlement, as against the firm. The Court was, therefore, of opinion that there was no case of order and disposition, and that the bonds did not pass to the assignees, hut remained subject to the trusts of the settlenient, and for the benefit of the cestuis quo trust. Lord Justice KNIGHT BR1UCE e.xpressed himself entirely of the same opinion.
_ VICE-CHANLCELZ6:-S' COURTS. MAy R- NVALLAC1 V. RT,A .WVT.T. tbeUJOrC VYC-UhumceUor Sir R. T. Km'xsLEy and Mr. - Justice WILLES.A n ttlis casethe sonnf-the defendant, havingbeen in trade was conmmitted to prison, and remained tlere for some time, and executed to his father a deed of conveyance, a conrusnon of bankruptcy afterwards issuing; and the ucations were, whether there was an act of bankruptcy, whwther there was a valid adjourmment, and whether the purchaser claiming under the deed was a purchaser without notice The arrest jtook place on the 20th of March, 149; the debtor remained in ths custody of the sherif's officer for some time. On the21st of April he was committed to prison. The deed was dated the 25th of Mlay, he bemng stiUin custody; but on the execution of ths deed he was discharged from prisonnamely, on the 26th of May. The petition was not presented until 'ilie 20th of May, 'IS, more than one !year aftor the arrest, less thane one -year after lheilischarge.. On the Ath of June four daye further time were given to the petitioner, and on the 7th the adjudic6a tion took plae, that is more than 21 dayi after either the 20th 4f Mareh, or 'the;21it of April, and the question wa3 whether the 21 davg necessary, to constitute a vaid aet of bankraptcy were to bo computed from the commencement or conclusioi of the impri3onment7- ?I1his point aroseunder -the 69th section of the l2thar-d 13th of Victoria, chap- 106, known as the Bankrupt Consolidation Act, .wherebT it wAs enacted "that it any trader -be imrsted an'd commritted to prison- for debt or. .any attachment or non-payment- of money, shall, upon sach or any other arrest or commitment. 'for debt or nonpayihent of money or detention for debt, lie in prison for 21 days, and having been arrested and committed to priscg for any other cause shall -lie in prison for 21 days after-any detainer for debt lodged against him and not discharged, every such trader shall thereby be deemed to have committed an act of bankruptcy; or if any such trader,- having been arrested and committed or detained for debt, shall escape out of prisonorcustody. every such trader shall, be deemed .to havo thereby committed an act of banlkuptcy from the time of such arrest, commitment, or detainer." On behalf of the plaintiffs, the assignees; it wasaargued-that under this section, any 21 days were sufcient to constitutean act of bankruptc , which were therefore'eapable of being comp'ted as we from the discharge retrospectively as from the arrest, and therefore that the eed-was inmalid as against creditors. With respect to the adjournment on the 7th of June, that was contended to be in time, andalso that the father had notice of the act of bankruptcy, viz., the imprisonment for 21 days, which was sufficient to pmut himx upon inquiry and was constrmctive notice. On this point the circumstances were somewhat peculiar. The bankrupt had been pursuing several callings at Newcastle, as electrotypist, and in the iron and coal trade, during which his father had become surety for him, and had paid 2,0001. on such account after the cessation of such trade. The bankrupt then came to London, was called to the bar; but kept a coffeehouse called the "Camden," in Great Russell-street, Covent--arden, into which he put a woman named Lee, when Re became bankrupt, being in a sponging-house for some time, and afterwards in prison, as first stated; and it was not clear whether the father knew -of the trading; but the contention was on behalf of the plaintiff that he did, in fact, know of some trading, as appeared by certain letters; whereas it was argued for the -defendants that, first, t.he 21 days must be computed from the arrest; that the adjudication was not in due time, and the notice could not be sustained. An issue had been diected to a court of law, and the case now came on upon further consideration. Mr. Baily, MIr. Jessell, and IMr. Holt (of the common law bar) appeared forthe plaintiff- Mr. Glasse, Mr. J. Wild (of the common law bar), and Mr. Bates appeared' for the defendants. At the conclusion of the arguments their Lordships reserved their judgment. (Before Yie-CEThanctllor Sir J. STUART.) PPROVw T v.-xoRTimxr_ This was a motion for an injunction to restrain the defendant, John Mortimer, from printing or publishing a newspaper called the True Britannia, or any other newspaper or publication by way of continuation or imitation of the plaintiff's uewspaper, the Brifannia. The facts of the cass were as follow :-Shortly before the 23d of February last the plaintiff, Charles Gippe- Prowett, became the proprietor of the Britannia newspaper, and he had, when the suit was instituted, paid 3001. in part payment of tho purchase money, and, by an indenture, dated the 3d ult., the newspaper had been duly assigned to him. Prior to and at the time of the plaintiff becoming such proprietor, the defendant, Mortiiner had been and was employed as the printer and publisher, and also as sub-editor of the BriLannia, and the plaintiff had continued to employ Mortimer in the above capacities, at a weeldy payment of 20 guineas, down to the 12th of April last. The plaintiff, having agreed with another defendant, George Edward Biber, for the purchase of the John Bu0, determined to combine the same with the Britannia, and in each of the numbers of those papers published on the 12th of April it was ubliEly aunounced that on and afterthe 19th of ApriltheBritannia newspaper would be incorporated with the John BuRl and, that in future, the journal would be issued by the name of the John Bull aend Britannia, and would be published in Crane-court, Fleet-street, where the John BuR had been for 'some time previously printed and published. The Britannia of the 12th of April containing the above Announcement was grinted and publed by the defendaut at his office in the :rand. Onthe 19th of April, the first number of the True Br-iannia, printed and published by the defendant Mortifler, appeared, and it contained the following announcement,which was printed in leading type andplaced in a prominent position-" A statement having gone abroad that an amalgamation between the Britannia- and a journal of decidedly Tractarian tendencies was contemplated, we hava been overwhelmed with inquiries and remonstrances on the subject. It has beenurged upon us that an incorporation of this kind. would be one of a purely nominal character, and that the existence of a journal lnot less devoted to the principles of the Reformation than determinately opposed to the Tractarian heresies is essential to the interests of Protestantism. We are, moreover, asstred.that not a single subscriber would be misled by the intimation of so preposterous a se-salliance, inasmuch as the true spirit of the Britannia animates alone the columns of this journal, supported as it is by its oldest and ablest contributors, whose style and sentiments our readers cannot fail-to recognize in our impression of to-day, andl not one of whom wouid consent to co-operate in the preject in question." The plaintiff had not caused himself to be registered as the Proprietor of the Brita-nia under the 6th and 7th of Wiliam IV., chap. 76; nor was the registered proprietor of the T-sue Bs-itannia a party to the present smt. 3Mr. MLumTs and Mr. uAIG, for the plaintiff, in support of the injunction, contended that the announcement which had appeared in the first number of the Trae Britannia, and the manner and form of the publication of that paper, were such as to lead the public to believe that it was a continuation of the Britaznzac. Although the plaintiff had not the legal title to the latter-named paper in consequence of his not having caused himself to be registered as its proprietor, his equitable title was enough to enable him to maintain this suit. Mr. BAco- and MIr. RoCux, for the defendant Mortimer, coutended that, as the plaintiff was not the registered pro prietor nnder the 6th and 7th of William IV., chap. 76, he could not sue, and that the registered proprietor of the True Britannia should have been before the Court. But, independently of technical objections, the defendant had a good case on the merits. The appearance of the two papers was so dissimilar that the most unwary could not be deceived. Not only were their titles different,x but their mottoes and their devices were different. The defendant had in view fair rivalry and not simulation. The Hew Times, the Ye'cwo Quarterly Reziew, the True Sun-, and the New Monthly Magazine, had been published, but without any application for an injunction having been made on behalf of those publications the titles of which were imitated. The VICE-C0mi.NELLOR, without calling on Mr. Mtalins for a reply, said that the plaitff in this case sued as the proprietor of a certain newspaper. It was proved that in Fiebsuary last he purchased from persons having a right to sell it the property in the newspaper called the .Brifannia-. It was proved, too, and this was not an immaterial circumstance, that the defendant had acted as an agent in the transaction of that sale. It was proved also that the defendant was avrare that the purchase was made with a view to incorporate or unite the newspaper so purchased with another newtspaper. But it was said that the title of the plaintiff was imperfect by reason of his not being registered, under the 6th and 7th of William IV., chap. 76, as the proprietor of the paper he had purchased. TChis objection was made by the defendant, who had by his owtn evidence established that he had been for several years acting in contravention of that act. In 1852 his name was registeredas the printer and publisher of the Britenria, at a time when the names of two other persons were registered as proprietors; and he knew that various changes had taken plae mtheprorietorship of that paper since that periodbut tlthoecanges had not been registered. the act of 6th and 7th of William IV., chap. 76, enacted that no person should prit or publish a newspaper unless all the proprietors should be registered, and that every change in the proprietorship should be registered. 'The FRamily E:ndowment Society wrere mnortgagees from whom the plaintiff derived his title. OE course, if the nonregistration was a fatal objection, the plaintiff would hrave 'no right to sue whatever might have been the conduct of the defendant, and it was said, on the authority of the case Iof "BIarmer v. Westmacott" (6 Sim. 284), that anonI registered proprietor could not sue. That casa was decided on the ground that there had been a fraudulent affidavit filed, representing that a person, who was not so infact, was the proprietor of the newspaper. The present case was entirely free from any such featulre. Another peculiarity was that the avowed object of the plaintiff wals not to continue the newspaper under its old title. Bc purchased it with the view, in fact, of combining it with another paper. That the act of EParliament had been contravened by the non-registration of property acquired for such an object he was not prepared to hold. The nest objection to the injunction- was that a gentlemar, named flashy, who was stated to be the proprierr orroe ew nespapr, ws notbefoe in prictor of tn-e n'ew newvspaper, was not bef-oreth Court. It appeared, however, that the equitable relef sought against the defendant was sought not only in respect of his previous conduct but of what he was at present doing in contravention of the rights of the plaintiff. The inunction, if granted, wouldrestrain nobody butthe defendant Oortimer, who, by his own wilful act, was shown to have interfered with the rights of property of the plaintiff, and the absence of another person, against whom no relief was songht, was no sufficient reason why the Court should refuse to restrain the defendant now before it from doing the acts complained of, Tito next objection was that in truth the plaintiff had so dealt withhis property as to have abandoned or extinguished it. The purcnaser of property of this description had a right to use it in anylawful way which he might consider most advantageous to himself. Be might, if he pleased, use it in amalgamation or combination with otherproperty of a-similar description. Be did not think that the plairntiff had lost his right to be protected from acts which illegally diminished the value of his property. It had been said that the defendant had done nothing which he had not lawfully a right to do. But, knowing that t'he object of the plaintiff was to unite this new paper vith another, for he on the 12th of April published the notice which appeared in the Britannia of that day, he on the 19th of April thought it consistent -with the plaintiff's rights to print the notice which appeared in the Truc Britannia of that day. The next question was whether there was that degree of similarity in the outward appearance of the two papers as was calculated to produce the impression'that the zTsea Britannia was a continuation of theBr-itannia. There-was, he thought, such a similarity, according to the principle laid down by Lord Eldon in the cases of BEogglv. Kervy" (8 Vesey, 225) and ,Longman v.= WIchester" (LG Vesey, 271) as amounted to an infringement of the plaintiff's ights. The defendant had no right to injure the property of the plaintiff, his object being to take advantago of the credit and reputation of the old publication. The notice published in the True Britannia of the 19th of April must have bad the effect of inducing the subscribers to suppose that the defendant's paper was a continuation of the plaintiff's. The defendant also had produced no evideneet oho0w til had not soEcited Advertisements as if for the Br.iwj. On the whole the case wag one in -which the Court wouldn t be justified in refusing rotection to the plaintifs proE; ;sgainattlatrinfair con uct whsc haa been adoptedby e defendant. He should therefore grat an injunction rt straining, the defendant Mortioer from printingor pdub lis-fintha e ofithanefa or any other newbpaper brywy ~ of th Briuznni. . .(23c}eECChan4nedIrZiW. P. WOOD.) _ D. 71yrr MATT1R. OF THE "TRUSTS.'DP THE 'WnTT _OF SAMUEL TYLER, DECASED. - Thswa petition Iy- Mr. Sturgis, the provisinal -M. signee in ilnolvency, for a trAnsfer of. a s of sto 'Whih .bad been paid into court under the Trustees Rtelief Aot 'd was now standing to the credit of "Re the TjasW of Samucl lTylerVs -WilL Theegaey Aoandt of Ann Kitng Leceasel. '-Samuel Tyler by lhis w4il dated the t. April, 1816,. after directing his trustees to set apart omi. petent pat of his estate to secure -acertin annuity of 20, directed that, after the death of the annuitant, the prmcinal of the funds set apart for securing That anmuty shodim divided equally between his nePhew andnieces, Williai Tyler, Ann, the wife of Joseph King, and Hester Tyler, share and share alike. The annuitant diedonthe 2dof April, 1854. On the 11th of March, 1835, Joseph King petitionedyfor his discharge from custody under, the Insolvent Debiors Acts, and obtained the benefit of the acts on the 2d of June, 1835, having assigned his estate to the petitioner, the provisional assignee. Ann King died on the 29th of July, 1851, and in September, 1852, letters of administratidn were granted to Joseph King, her husband. Joseph Ring had subsequently become a lunatic patient in the sylum for the county of Glocester, and the question upon the petition was, as to a claim set up by the overseers of the parish of Mangotsfield for the mnaintenance of Joseph Sing at the asylum, as against his provisional assignee, out of the share of his wife, Ann Kng, under the testator's will, 'which had been paid into court by the trustees. lMr. OSBOnsQ:, in support of the petition, contended that the provisional assignee was entitled to the fund. :lr. FooKs, for Potter and Angel, the overseers, contentded that as Joseph King's insolvency had owccrred before tbe death of his wife, a new title as to her coses in action accrued to him by having taken out administration to her, ard not by previousy existing marital right. By 8th and 9th Victoria, chap. 126, sec. 49, the mnaintenance of a lunatic must first be provided for before any provision could be made as to payment of his debts. Mr. Schomberg appeared for the, trustees. *The VICE-Cn.ecE;LLOn said thati the g,uestion was; very simple, and did not occasion any doubt to Em. The nee ,in insolvency came in just as if he wvere an assiguee;for value. The husband's inchoate right to his 'wife's chkosezin oction became perfecteda upon her death, and having become insolventi and surviving his 'wife this right passed to his assignee. In the administration he ~s a mere trustee, zan the claim of the provisional assignee must be allowed. W
COURT OF QUEENMS BENCH WZSSTME IA7-zi COPELID& V. THE NORTH-E.ASTERN. RAILWA-Y COMPA V (SiUingS in Banco, before Lo-d C.Aii5PB and Jru#tcjt CoLIMDG, and CitoyON.) Inca case came felore the Uourt on a demurrer to the repli. cation. An action, with a claim of mandamus, bad been brought against the North-Eastern Railway Company, comTandino them to register the transfer of certain shars to which the plaintiff was entitled as trustee. It apneared that by deed, and in consideration of natural affectihn, certain railway shares in vatious companies had been settled in trust for the settlor for life, and then for thesister of the settlor, and upon other trusts. The secretary of the eom. pany had been required to register the transfer of a portion of the shares so settled, bnt he had refused, nnless at the samne timeo the deed in qnestion were delivered to and left with him. This claim was founded on the 14th and 15th sections of the Company's Clauses A ct (8 and 9 'Victoria, chap. 1G). The 14th section enacted that the transfer of ehares should be. by deed, in whichl the consideration should be truly stated; and the 15th section enacted, that the said deed should be delivered to the secretary and"be kept by bim. The plaintiff refused to accede to -this request on the ground that the case came within the 18th section, as being a transfer by some other lawful means than accoDrding to the provisions of the act;and, conseqnently, it was sufficient if the transmiisusion 'as authenticated by a declaration in writing, as required by that section. The case was argued on the 26th ult, by Sir F. Thesiger (with whom wras Mr. KEarsake) on the part of the plaintiff 'The learned counsel contended that the 14th and 15th sectionS only referred to cases where the transfer had taken place for a " valuable consideration," and not to cases like the present, where the consideration was stated to be natural affection. Mr. E EEll, ;z.C. (with whom was Mfr. Krlake) contended that the 14th and 16th sections referred to' all cases of transfer for any sort of consideration. The COURT having taken time to consider,X Lord CA5U'BELL nowr delivered judgment in favrour of!the defendants. On examining the sections of the act. the COurt were of opinion that the 14th and 15th sections applied to all cases of direct transfer for any consideration inter' Tires. It was impossible to consider thcis as a transfer, "'by any other lawful means than by a transfer accordinJ to this act,,' so as to bring it within the 18th section. It appeared to be the intention of the Lpegislature that every transfer should be by deed to be left with the company, and that the transferee should take upon himself ahl-the liabilities of the original shareholders.: Judgment for the defendants. TE QUEEN~ Y. SrRATILES AND OmES. This case came before the Conrt on demurrer to the replication. A quo 2rnrranto had issued, calling upon the dofendatsto show by what authority they claimed to exercise the office of town-councillors of the borough of Maidenhead. The replication set out that at the election (which took place in November last) the mayor and assessors did not take into account certain voting papers which, had been tendered for the relators, upon the ground that they did not disclose the street, lane, or other place where the property for which the voters claimed to vote wras situate. It appearedthat the description of the property was not by the street or lane, but only by the words "$parish of Cookham," but it was such as to be commonly understood. A demurrer to the replication raised the question whether the description was sufficient under the 82d sectionof the 5th and 6th of William IlV., chap. 70; and, if not, whether it was an inaccurate description, such as could be cured by the 132d section. Mr. IMacaulay, Q.C. (with whom were Mr.1'Prentice and Mr. Griffliths) was heard in support of the demurrer, and Mr. Bovill (with whom was Mr. Skinner) in support of the LardCxPsxsaid, hevwas of opinion that the judgment of the Court must be for the relator. It seemed to him that the description, as set forth inthereplication, might be heldto be sufficient without referring to the 142d, Section which rectified mistakes. The 32d section required the vOting papers to be signed writh the name of the voter, and with "<the name of the street, lane, or other place in which the property for which he appears to be entered on the roll is situated." The object was that the propertyshould be identified, and if that were done the voter had a right to vOte. It was said the description of the " place," must be of a place ejulsde.n srcncris with "street, or lane ," but if the description of the property in this case, as situated "in the parish of Cookham," w as well unders,tood, that was a suflicient description of the "place" wiithin the 32d section. lf it were not, it was clear, that under the 14,2d section the mistake was rectified. That section enacted, -"'No misnomer, or inaccurate description of any person, body corporate, Or place named in any voting paper shall hinder the full operation of this act, provided such description-shaill be such as to be commonly uinderstood." Nowv, it w,as alleged in the replication, and allowed by the defendants, that the description in question was such as to be commonly understood; and, therefore, if it was not suflicient under the 32d section, it was an inaccurate description, but being such as to he commonly understood the inaccuracy was rectified by the 142d section. M{r. Justice Canarcuxix and Mr. Justice CnoacrProN expressed themselves to the same effect, but the forner learned judge thought that the description w as not sufficient under the 32d section, but that it 'was cured by the 1424 section. The Court rose at 10 minutes to 4 o'clock.
COITRT FOR THE CONSIDERATION OF CROVWN CASES RESERVED. A 3. (FPren-The LORD CFTsn JUSICn Of hcz QUEEN'S BENCH, the LORD C F JUSTICE of tih COHiO' PLIA, Mr; Baron ATDEPSON, Mr. JUStiCe CRESSWEIaf Mr. JustiCe WirGirAN, Mr. Justice ]iRLX, 3ir. Jt ticc CRoxmu,-, MJr. Justica COLERIDGE, and Mr. Baron BR.urEnm.) Their Lordships aseembled this morning for the purpose of delivering judgments in cases which had been standing over for judgment. THE QUEEN V. ROESUCK. The prisoner was indicted in this case for fraudulently obtaining IOs., by falsely pretending that a chain wa silver, well knowing that it was not so. lt appeared that the prisober vent into a pawnbroker's shop, and asked him to advance 10s. -pon a chain which he prodauced. flie was asked by the pawnbroker if it were silver; the prisoner replied that it was. The chain, however, was tested by the pawnbroker, who lent 10s. npon it. Some days afterwards he went to another pawnbroker, and endeavoured to obtain an advance upon a chain which was not silver, when he was searched, and 126 chains of the same description were found upon his person. The prisoner -was tried before the Recorder of Liverpool andacquitted of the directcharge, but he was found guilty of the attempt to commit it. lhe question for the decision of this Court was whether the pri. soner was guilty of a false pretencs under the statute of the 7th and Sth of George IV., chap. 29. Lord CAmPBELL said, he was of opinion that this was a case clearly within the statute, and it was quite manifest that the prisoner had been guilty of a false pretence. On principle, and in conformity with the cases wvhich had been decided, the conviction was right. The LORD CHIEF JUSTICE of the COmMON lEPks said, he concurred in supporting the conviction, as he was bonnd by the authorities on the point raised. Acting on the broad question, he considered that the conviction should be affirmed. Ar. Justice CRESSWELL thought the conviction -ight on the authoritv of the decided cases. Mr. Baron ALDEsO-N said, he could not agree with tho decided cases, but yielded to other authorities. The other learned JUDGES having stated that they were bound by the cases already decided, the conviction was affirmed. TrrE QUEEN V. WILLIAM GARDENER. The indictment in this case charged the prisoner -with obtaining goods under false pretences. It appeared that the prisoner, wrhohadstated his name to be lDe Laney, had appeared dressed in naval uniform, and ha under the zepresentatiou that he was the Paymaster of Her Majesty's ship the Duke of Wellington, engaged a lodging of one Ellen Brunsden, at 10s. a-week. He remasined in the lod6ing for a short period, wrhen he exipressed a wissh to become a boarder, and he was accordingly subsequently supplied -with board and lodging at a guineaa-week. the quefionreserve for the opinion of this Court vas whether the prisonerwas guiltF of a false pretence under the statute in obtaini the board, it hawing been admitted at The trial that he couldnob
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, WEm aNsT, MAY 3. .TXFXN'IN -v TTrn~, -- (Sittings in Banco-Easter Term.) This Court sat to-day in the Court of Crininal Appel. (Sitlings at Nisi Prius, at Guildhall, before dfi. Justice lW=Lirvzrs and a Oj-.inin,an. .,,,-,, This was an action to recover the price and value of certain goods furnished by the plaintiff to the defendant. The declaration contained also counts for work and labour, and materials, and on an account stated. The only point really in dispute was a charge of 411. for a pump, 2-I1. 5s. baving been paid into court. It appeared that in the month of November, 1854, the laintiff, who is a water closet maker and engineer in Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road, had made for the defendant a pump of a peculiar construction, for which the defendant and a person named Weatherall had taken out a patent. During the absence of 3Mr. IofSitaedt in Germany the laintiff, having completed the machine, delivered it to VWeatherall, and now sued the defendant for the price of it, which lie refused topay, alleging that it ought to have been delivered to lhmself. It was shown that the patent was taken out in the joint names of Hoffstaedt and Weatherall, and that the former had directed the plaintiff to take instructions from the latter; but for the defendant it was urged that the plaintiff was not justified in letting Weatherall have the pump, and that he ought to have delivered it to him (Hoffitaedt) alone kr. Sezjeant Shee and Mfr. Malcolm appeared for the tlaintiff; MTr. Vaughan Williams (with whom was Mr. berjeantByles) for the defendant. At the conclusion of the proofs for the defendant, 31r. VAUGHAN WILLUDIS, w ho had throughout conducted the case in the absence of his leader, carefully summed up the evdfence, and The learned JUDnE having left the points of fact for the determination of the jury, they, after scarcely a minute's consilderation, found a verdict for the plaintiff for the whole amount claimed-viz., 411. NONG V. ORSI AND ANOTHER. 31r. Raymond and Mlr. Arthur Peel were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Archibald for the defendants. This was an action on an attorney's bill. Mr. Arthur. Peel opened the pleadings, and Mr. RAY5xO\rD was in the I midst of his statement oa the case when .Sr. Justice 1WILLi,%xS said,-I see this must last some time. I bave to go to chambers at 3 o'clock. What is the next case? .Mr. Serjeant THOSSAS, who sat in the front row, but without his robes.-If your Lordship will allow me, dressed as I am, to make a statement- Mir. Justice WrnaLLaxs,-I cannot hear you; indeed, I do not see you. Mlr. Serjeant TIbOAS.-I was only about to say- Mr. Justice WiLLrAns.-I realy can neither hear nor see anything in that quarter. Mr. Serjeant THoir,%s.-WeDl, my lord- MIr. Justice WILLu3is.-I do not and cannot even see you or tak-e cognizance of your existenc. [To blr. Raymond.] I see I cannot try this case even if 1 steal half-anhour from other business, and so I discharge the jury, and am sorry I allowed it to begin. The nexct cause, which proved to be an action on a biDi of exchange, wvas then called on. llr. Aspland wvas counsel for the plaintiff; and MIr. Serjeant Thom=as, who had in the meantime rendered himself visible to the Court by robing himself, appeared for the defendant. There have been so many reianetne made during this term that the Court will sit by adjournment at Westminster, on Monday, to dispose of the cases still untried.
COUIRT OF EXCEEO-UR. SATIURDAY MIAY ?; iS RE IIEILTXF (Sittim, in Banco.) Mlr. Serjeant TmmiOLAS moved for a writ of 7alcUs Co-pus on behalf of one Helier, under the following circumstances: -An action of slander having been brought against Helier, a verdict for Il. 5s. passed against him, which, with taxed costs, was augmentedto471.7s.ld. AfterthisHelierpetitioned the Insolvent Court, and Mr. Commissioner Mlurphy made an order for his discharge in respect of aU his debts, except that of 5i. 5s., at the suit of the plaintiff in the above named action, and in respect of that remanded the petitioner for six months. Notice to that effect having been served on the insolvent, he tendered the sumn of 51 5s. to the plaintiff in the action, and claimed his discharge. When, however, the matter was brought under the notice of the fficer of the Insolvent Court, it was stated that there had ben a mnistalce, and the order of the learned commissioner 'a amended by the introduction of the costs as well as the 4arnages, and the learnedi commissoner refused, as we understood, to interfere. It was now contended that, as the statte enacted that the order of the commissioner in all car," 0should be " final and conclusive, unless obtained by fraud,' the commissioner was functuj officio when he first ;nade t'he order, and could n9t amend it by altering the amoiunt of the debt, in respect of which the insolvent was reniaiided. The COuRITE, bowever, refused to grant the rile, on the ground that it did not sit to review the judgments of the 1w olvent Court, thc comtmihssioners of whith, like all other judges, had full power and authority over their own judgn.ents, so that they mighlt amend any erro,rs which n i; htboreep into them: Here -the first order was clearly a mistake, f-r t.here was no debt of S. os. in the case, inasmuch as the damages and costs formed but one debt. The order, there. fore, though not obtained by fraud, was yet an " improper" one; and under that head it might, according to the trueconstiuction of the Insolvent Act, be anmended, as it seemecd to have been, by the learned commissioner. Rule refused accordingly. IN REi JAMES FRESTON. Mr. METCALFEL moved for a writ of habcas corrus in this case also, on the ground that the applicant was confined in the gaol of the county of Sussex under an illegal and informal conimitmient. It appeared that the prisoner had been committed as a rogue and vagabond, his alleged offince being card-playing in a carriage on the Brighton Rtaiway. There were several objections tothecommitment in question. In the first place, it did not adjudge the prisoner to be a rogue and vagabond in terms; and, in the second, a railwa.y carriage wvas not an open public place writhin the statute under which the commitment took place. Then the playing ought to be by a table or instrument, and wone such had been used. Sir F. POLLOCK.-YOU have stated enough to entitle you to your rule. Rule nisi granted accordingly. NEWv TRIAL PAER. TAYLOR V. EVA-S. Mr. HUGH HILL resumed his argument in this case, showing cause against a rule to enter a verdict for the plaintiff for 51. pursuant to leave reserved at the trial, the question being whether, on the construction of a detd whereby the plaintiff demised a coal mine to the defenda~L for '0 years, for a sum of money payable by half-yearly inS stalments of 7;51., with reference to the true intent and mieaning of the Income-tax Act, the defendant was justified in deducting the sum of 51. from the instaluents so reserved on accoiunt of income-tax paid by him for the plaintiff Ir. GRAY appeared in support of the rule, and contended that the plaintiff wvas entitled to the whole sum reserved. wuder the circumstances, the tax being at present primarily cbargeable on himself and not on the tenants. The COURaT was of that opinion, and, in accordance with the leavo reserved at the trial, ordered the verdict to be entered for the plaintiff for 51., the balance having been already paid into court by the defendant. Rule absolute accordingly.
ADMIRALTY COURT, SATURDAY. MSY 3. TIHE TELEGRxrH.-COLLISIO1N. (Before Dr. LUSHLXGTOx.) lhe brig IKobert Blurrell, of the burden of 232 tons, and the steamer Telegraph, of the burden of 266 tons and sohorse pover, caime into collision with each other, at 10 p.m. on the 3d of December last, in the neighbourhood of Cromer. Tbe brig, in ballast, was proceeding from London to Mliddlesborough; the steamer, with a general cargo, from Hull to .Antwerp. According to the plea of the brig, the wind at the time in question. was W.S-W., and the night dark and cloudy, but clear on the horizon. The steamer was descried nearly right ahead, distant about two miles whereupon the helm was ported and a bright light held over the port bow. The steamer bore right down to the brig Without altering her course until she had approached her wvithin half-a-mile, when her helm was starboarded. A collision being then inevitable, the brig kept her helm bard a-port and loudly hailed the steamer; but while the brig was still wearing off the steamer struck her stem on zbaft the forerigging on the port side, and cut into the combings of the fore batchway. The crew, with the exception of a boy, boarded the steamer. The brig shortly afterwards foundered, and the boy was drowned. She attributed the accident to the want of a good look-out on the part of the steamer. The steamer alleged that the weather was so dark and hazy that vessels without lights could not be seen at more than 100 yards' distance. Under those circumLstances, a light was suddenly seen for a moment only, full three points on the starboard bow and two ships' leaaths off, but too late to avoidt collision by porting the Telm, as she was deeply laden, and would have had to pay off against wind and tide. Her helm was therefore put hard a-starboard to widen the distance between her and the brig, but almost immediately afterwards the latter was seen standing towards the steamer, and before the engines could be stopped and reversed the brig, which had boen running free, and had ported her helm too late, ran into her doing her considerable damage. She imputed the collision to the brig not showing a light at an earlier period. Cross actions were entered by the respective parties. Dr. Jenner and Dr. Deane were heard for the Robort Burrell- Dr Addams and Dr. Twies for the TelegFraph. The learned JUDGE, having consulted with the Elder Brethren, said they were of opinion that no blame was attributable to the brig; that proper measures wvere nut taken on board the steamer, that a bad look out was kept, that her helm was put to starboard, and that her engines were not stopped in time. He therefore pronounced in favour of the brig in both actions.
COURT of BANKRUPTCY, Baijng1Zj-strede, May 3. TV TRfl MAR1P RavTV (Before mJr. Carmmismsioner PAxNA: The bankrupt was a stockbroker of New Bank-buildings. This was an adjourned examination meeting. htr. Roxburgh appeared for the assignees, Mr. Iawrance for the bankrupt. The bankrupt, examined, said, he took credit for a sumn of 6,304?. as misappropriated in 1844 or 1845 or 1816 by a clerk named Thomas Truelock. Truedeck had been a clerk in the house of B. and m. Boyd in 1841 or 1842, when he left to join his father and brother as corn merchants in Essex. That business was broken up by the death of the father, and Truelock again joined their house. Upon Truelock aftarwards wishing to become a member of the Stock-Exchange, he was informed that he must make up his accounts, which had been for some time in arrear. Truelock then paid two bank-notesof 1,0001. eacb, and saidthattbatsuinwould square the account within 100?. or 200?., under or over. The embezzlement of the G,3041. had been effected by means of Truelock having charge of " the stop account." Instead of paying certain moneys to the credit of B. and M. Boyd at the Union Bank-, he had paid the same to the credit of his own account at the Union Bank. The firm of B. and M. Boyd had very large transactioDs at the time, and, their accounts having got into arrear, the misappropriation was not discovered fortwo years. Many stoekjobbers were similarly situated in respect to their books getting into arrear, such was the pressure of business at that time. One stockjob'ber had stated that he would willingly give 1,0001. to have his books duly made up. The COMMISSIONEx..-Do you mean to say that your books were in such a state that you could not detect errors to the amount of 6,3001. 9 Bankrupt.-Yes. Re-examined,-Truelock became a member of the StockExchanige, and, be inaunsuccessful, passed through the Inasolvent Court. He afterwards got re-elected on the StockExchange. The ruie was that a person seeking to be elected should place his name on the wails of the Exchange for 30 days. A clerk of his having noticedthe name, he (the bankrupt) prepared a letter to address to the Committee of the House. Before the letter was forwarded his clerk said Truelock would appear to haze thought better of it, for the name was removed. Theletter was thereupon not forwarded, and Truelock got elected. Upon his then addressing a letter to the committee they decided that, inssmuch as Truclock had committed the alleged robbery prior to his first election, they could not interfere. Upon Truelock being subsequently reported to have realized 15,0001. or 20,0001. by some large transactions, he (the bankrupt) was told by a member of the Stock-Exchange that he was a fool if he did not interfere to get his money. The money was not, however, received, and the misappropriation was entered in his books as a bad debt. He did not know where Traelock was now, or anythin about him. The loss was transferred to what was termed the " consignmnent account." Mr. ROXBUnCGH.-The accounts would appear to have been prepared and transferred from time to time to meet any exigency. After some discussion respecting the bankrupt having transferred, some two or three years ago, 3,0001. of debentures of the Royal Bank of Ahustralia to Captain Edward Robinson and Mr. John Clayton, solicitor, the trustees under the settlement by the bankrupt on his marriage with the widow of 3ir. Romeo Coates, but without eliciting anything not already reported, Mlr. RoxnuRCGH asked the bankrupt whether his brother, Benjamin Boyd, was still alive? Bankrapt.-I do not believe that he is alive, but Captain Towns and others, merchants of Sydney, have expressed an opinion within the last year or two that he is. Mr. RoXsswn.-What is your opinion; is he alive or dead ? The Co rissmocER.-I won't ask him to give any opinion. It is quite evident that he is incapable of forminan opinion on the subject. It is a toss up whether.he is deaa or lhiang lfr. oxBus'GH.-In legal proceedings before another Court some two years ago, when it answered a purpose to have an opinion, the bank-rupt swore that he was dead. The CODiissSio,-Ei said, the bankrupt need not answer the question, and, after some further discussion, he passed his exnamination.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, S&durday, May 3. CONVICTION OF A SOTTTOR. (Before Mrj. PI'SiEy, Q.C., Asti.Stant--JUge, att est- min7sten1 Thomas Francis Richards, solicitor, of Southampton. buildings, surrendered to take his trial on an indictment in which he was charged in the first count with having stolen a Bank of England note for 300., the property of James Euker, his master; and, in the second, with having felonioiusly embezzled the sum 261. l5s. 6d., which he had received in his capacity of servant to the said James Iluker. The count charging the theft of the 300L-note was for;al merely, the real offence with which the prisoner was charged being the embezzlement of the smaller sum. Mr. Ballantine and Mr. Parry were counsel for the prosecution; Mr. Serjeant Pigott and Mr. Iluddleston appeared for the prisoner. It was stated that Mr. Hawkins was also instructed for the prisoner, but could not attend through indisposition. In opening the case Mr. BALLANTME said, the issue the Jury would have to determine was one of the last importance to the accused, involving as it did not only his loss of character, but, perhaps, consequences of the most serious nature. The prisoner had been articled clerk to a solicitor - he had been assigned to the prosecutor for the remainder of the term of his articles, and he left him without the least suspicion whatever, of any dishonesty, and became an attorney on his own account; While, with the prosecutor be had charge of the Chancery matters in his office, and had to take all the proceedings in aca.se, "the Oundle Bre-wery Company," which, like a great many more companieS, had to be brought under the operation of the Windmg.up Act, in so far as the interest of a Mn. Bearschall, a shareholder was concerned. Mr. Bearbsohall wag Kf client of Mi-' Nieliolson, a solicitor, at Warrington, whose London agent -was the prosecutor, Mr. Iluker. The matteri cccurred ini September, 1854, and, was. not discov'ered until Easter Monday in the present year. The learned counsel having concluded his statement, called-- ;'lhe prosecutor, who deposed that he was an attorney-at. law, and had offlces in Symoud's-irin, Chancery-lane. Jn 1853 he saw an advertisement in the Law 2'imnes, to which he 'replied, and? in consequence, became acquainted with the prisoner, who was then an articled clerk, and he arranged to receive him into his office for the remainder of the term of his articles, agreeing to give him 507. a-year salary. Ble was london agent toMr. Nicholson, of Warrington, who had a- client named Bearscha7l, who was connected with the Oundle Brewery Company. The affairs of the cornmpany were being woundup, and he had to pay the cals which were made upon ldr Bearschall. In August, 1854, a call was made of 157 per share, under -which Mr. Bearschall had to pay 300. On the 2r9th of August he received from Mr. Nicholson the halves of notes to the amount of 300!. to pay the call, and on the 30th the other halves arrived, and they were paid into his bankers, Messrs. Dixon and Co., of Chancery-lane, in the usual way. Being then in ill-health he was about to leave town for Scotland, and lie did leave on the night of the 30th. His common law clerk 'was named Sanders. The prisoner was not at the office on the day he left, and in c=nseouence bIe gave to Sanders two checks, both signed, but not filled Dp. One, 'which 'was crossed, 'was for the payment of the call for 300!., and the other, not crossed, wasto be diawn by the clerk for such amount as was necessary to pay salaries and office expDenses during his absence. Ele returned to town on the 28th of September. 'While. he was in Scotland he received a letter from Sanders. When be returned he looked into the offilce diaries to see what had been done. The prisoner, 'who had been in the country, returned on the 30th, and he (prosecutor) called his attention to the office book. The nrisoncr did not say anything ahout the sum of 2GI. 16s. 6d. as having been received by him off the Cal of 300OL, such sums having been allow.ed by the master as interest due by the Brewery Company to MKr. Bearsehalb The first time he heard of such a deduction 'was on the 24th of last March. Another call had been then made, and, in consequence of a letter from Mr. Nicholson, he directed his then Chancery clerk, rr. Waring, to m ake inquiries, and the ultimate consequence was that the prisoner was given into custody on the charge of embezzling thlat sum of 261.16sa. Gd. Cross-exzamined by M. Serjeant PsGOTT.-The prisoner came to him in December, 1853, under an assignment of articles to complete the last year of his term. Re rSquircd him to attiend to the Chancery business, and the 'whole time hev'as with him he attended to that department of the offiice, into which came the affair of MIr. Bearscha71's connexion with the Oundle Brewery 'windin'r-up. Prisoner attended to that;* there 'was a call of 15!. per share, butthere hadbeen a call prior to that. Mlr. Bearscha71 had a cross claimt on the brewery whichl had been allowed by the Mlaster, and the interest on it amounted, up to the 1st of September, 1854, from 1849, to 21k. 16s. 6d. He knew fronm a letter from Mlr. Nicholson, of the 19th of July, 1854, that in. terest 'was clai'medl, but, apart from that letter ('which he had before him), he had no precise recollection of the m atter. The prisoner answered that letter, and so knew that interest 'was claimed. He saw the answer, and having seen that and the letter to which it vwas a reply, he knew about the claim of interest. (He was asked a number of timles if he knew, aS a fact, of interest being claimed, but he replied that he must have known it by reading the letter and thme answer.) The prisoner 'was not regular in his attendance at the offiice, but he did not. s.ay that it 'was because he 'was reading for his examination. The reason lhe did not fill up the check for the 3001. was, that Sanders should satisfy himself that the parties were authorized to receive the money and to give a receipt, and if he found any difficulty the check 'was not to be used. Not having personally attended to the matter he 'wished to be cautious. Sanders did not know more of the matter than he did. H.e merely signed the check. J?risoner 'was in the habit of disbursing money in the Chancery business- small payments. He 'was not specifically intrusted to receive large payments. lle (prosecutor) received them in the office, but the prisoner might, too, if he was there. W hen he returned to LJondon on the 2Sth of September the prisoner was in the country with his friendsin Wforcestershire, he believed. He 'wrote to him to return the office diary, which he had taken away. It 'was not his (prisonerfs) own. When he came from Scotland he found from the books, and fronm 'what Sanders told him, that the money had been paid-the 300!. Did not ask if the interest due had been deducted. Serjeant PIG OIT.-NOW, I ask you, did you not receive from him this specific s uns of 2GI. 15s. Gd. ? Prosecutor.-You surprise me. I am amazed and astonished at the question. I never received it. The question 'was repeated, the learned counsel calling the witness's attention to an entry in the prisoner's diary or NOv. 3,t1854, padly in shorthand, aad in cwhich the figures "-20!. 15s Gd." appeared. The witnees emphatically denied that heyhad ever receied that siu, or any other in respect of the interest in question fron the prisoner. He never heard of any such payment Cross-examination contbmued.-The prisonerwas admitted in Hilary Term, and left him in January. There aigd been some trling disagreement. Prisoner never said -rin his room, in the presence of any one, that his conduct to his clients, one of thems, a Miss Holmes, being present, was scandalous; he 'would soon have gone out if he had dared to use such an expression. He never said that with respect to a client who 'wanted to borrow o 1001. The arisoner dcd say, if he 'would release him from his articlesuhe would forego the sa.lary. HIe had executed a bond that if he set up in business in the country, he (prosecutor) was to ie his town _gut. The 50!. salary 'was the consideration for the bond. edidnot assign as a reason for wantingto be releansed from his articles any misconduct nn the office;* that had better not be further inquired into. Clients had not demanded from himn money he had received on their account, and which he had refused to pay thlem A clent named Browning had a claim upon him; he went to the prisoner after the 'atter g'as admitted, and he (prosecutor) was served 'with a writ within an hour for Browning's claim. It was a claim for money received on his account, but witness had a Ce,tra Claim for costs and formoney lent. Holmes's were clients of his, but after the prisoner left, they went to him; but their claim was settled. He paid them 324L. It 'was not the prisoner that made him pay it, he was always ready to pay, but his Cient, Mr. Hormes, was a very aged man, and he could not get a settlement. Had no recollection of telling Mrss Holmes that he had charged her in his bill of costs os. Sd. forasking the price of a pineappleifor her in Covent-garden market, but if there 'was such an item in ue bill (it 'was in the counsel's hands) no doubt he did. (A laugh.) The Misses Holmes 'were staying wtith him at the time of the muke's funeral. He denied that there was a Chancery suit brought against him by the prisoner on behalf of those clients. There was apetition of the prisoner before the 'Vice-Chancellor, but it was dismissed. He paid no costs whenhe paid the 824. He had a client named Mrs. Delacour. The prisoner brought an action for her against him, andie headto pay a balance of 5e 9s. She ;as ini a 'worl;house, and the money 'was the balance of some aunual payments 'which he received on heraccount. e paid her Os. a'month, and in six years he received 48SL Ho considered her in his debt. Wrn affidavit had to he made before the assignees could receive the money, and he had to send to Chathdb to see the client, and for that he chared her los. The p n brought an action against him for one Taylor, who orNerly was his cient, and he had to pay 450!. Prisoner brought against himn an action at the suit of one Smith, and he had to p&y 220!. in that. After the prisoner left his semice he brouaght an action against him for libel, rand recovered 2it damages, the costs being 1001. There was besides an action at his own suvit, upon which he had not yet declared. The writ was issued in February. Smith was a person employed by him to receive rents. The first time he heard about the interest 'was from nicholson, in Mlarch. He did not call upon the prisoner to give an explanation, but, acting under the advice of counsel, he took a policeman 'with him to his office without notice, and on seeing him said, "That is Thomas Ferancis Richards," adding, probably, "ihe is your prisoner." He desired the officer to treat him with courtesy. He had never threatened that he would ruin him-that he would swear. Never said that in the presence of r Browning. ad not said he would crush him, nor had he ever made use of words to that effect. Did not say so in the presence of Master Park-es. He had no ill-will against the prisoner; and had not threatened him; he should have been afraid to do so, for hehad attacked him rnd pursued him so severely and to such an extent that it had nearly cost him his life. reonamined.-The prisoner rould have been in the office about 12 months, and while he 'as there he became acquainted with the particulars of the cases in 'which he aftervards brought actions against him. Taylor was Isis clerk, but when prisoner set up in business on his own acconnt ho (Taylor) w,ent tor b, and ho bronuht an action on Taylor's account. The prisoner was in hes confidence entirely, and had every access to papers; that confidence he had abused. It was never suggested until now that the prisonterhadpaid himthe money, althoughhe was cross-examined twice before the magistrate by Mr. Hawlkis, the barrister. There was no entry in any of the prisoner's books at the office of any such payment. If he had paid it, of course he would have discharged himself of it in the proper bookf The prisoner had refused to give up his diary, though it belonged to the office, and it had been in the prisoners possession ever since, so he could have made any entry he leased in that. When he went tofScotland he did not ow that any money 'was to be almowed on BearschaUr's account. - - Thomas Sanders, clerk to the prosecutor, stated that he had been in the law 15 years, and knew the prisoner from the time his articles were assigned to MIr. Fluker. On the 30th of August, 1854, the prisoner was not at the' office. Bears'chall's matter was in the prisoner's charge. Before Mr. Fluker left town he gave vwtness two checks, merely signed, with certain directions, which he communicated to theprisoner. Witnesswastoascertaininthecityif all was correct about the call of 3001., and if it was, he wa i to fill up one of the cheeks-a crossed one for that amount, and pay it. One, not crossed, he was to fill up as might bs requrred for disbursements. The prisoner was at the office onthe31stof August, andhetold him the nature of th3 checks. The300!. oughtto havebeen paid on the 1st of September, but on tha day witness lost the crossed check. On the 2d he went to the office and told the prsoner of his loss, and it was arranged that the plain check should bh filled up for an amount sufficient to meet the call and th, office disbursements too, which was done, and the check was cashed for 3201. The prisoner received 5!. out of the odd 20!., as salary due, and said he would take the 300!. one note of that amount having been drawn, and pay the call, as he was going into the city. Witness gave him th: note.- "The lost check was subsequently sent to iis house; he had lost it in a cab. On the following Monday mora ing the prisoner was at the office first. He said be had no - paid the caM on Saturday, but had that morning. (The dailg transaction book was put in.) Witness had access to thatbooek; and on the 4th of September, the Monday, there was an entry of the prisoner relating to the Oundle Brewery matter, of "Attending the official manager, paying BearschalPs call and taking receipt for same, and writing you (Nicholson) thereon." That was on the 4th; and, seemg the entry, he thought, of course, the money had been pai that day, If an eduction had been made from the 300. for interest due to Bearschal, it should have been entered in thebook[with the same transaction. The letter-book was put in; there was a copy of a letter, the first written on tbe 4th of September, in which the prisoner advises Mr. Nicholson of the payment of the&call, annd says the receipt is enclosed; but no such letter was ever received by Mr 'Nicholson. There was no entryin the office books of any palment on the 6tb, and the letter-book contained no copy iof any letter sent to Mr- Nicholson on that day ; yet it was on the 6th that the prisonerdid-write to Mr. Nicholson and Inclose the receipt for 300.] The -witness said the pri. Foner never -said a word about having received-a set-off of 2;1. is. Gd.. and nothing waskno*nofitunti'_ fewweels a-o, wher Mr. Nicholson wrote about it. The prisoner I wint out of town about a week after Mr. Flukerfor hisi hol3 day. ]n cross-exaanination the witness said, the cholera mas iaging at tllo time, and he lost two menbers of his faily lhy- i-t on the day he lost the crossed check in the cab. Xichards went out of town, perhaps to he out of its w-y. He bed no doubt whatever that the prisoner told him on the 4th that he had then paid the money. He was in doubt nas to the day at first, but on thinking the matter over! and re-' faring to the books he was now nositive. There lhad since bien another calL John Hugh Varing said, he was now Chancery clerk to t e prosecutor. In consequence of another caU in respeci of Pearschall's shares in the brewery, a communication was ieceived from Mr. Nicholson, the result of which 4was that, be miade inquiries at theofficial manager's office, and hethen found that on the previous caU a sum of 261. los 6d. had been deducted by the authority of the Master, as interest due to Bearscha)U, but of which there was no entry-in prosecutor's books. G. D. Houlditch, clerk to Mr. Cox, of Sise-lane, said, Mr. Hutton was formerly official manager in the winding-up of this brewery company. He was -now away, but had left his papers behind him. The witness produced a letter written by the prisoner on the 2d of September to Mr. Hutton, ap1aizing hbm that he had caUled to pay the mnoney, but not finding him at the office he would call on the following Monday, the 4th. He could not recoUect that he called on bhe Monday. On thgt6thhecalled andpaid 273L.4s.6d., and gave a reeeipt in his own handwriting-for 261. 153s. Cd, as due to Bearschall for interest allowed by the Masterthe two smns making S00M., the amount of the call, and he received a receipt for 300!. The money was paid into the Commercial Bank to the account of Mr. Hutton. Credit was given to BearschaU for 1007. on a call in April, 1852. A clerk from Messrs. Dixon's proved the number of the Z-01.-note paid to the prosecutor's clerk. It was changed at the Bank of England, endorsed, " Thomas Francis Richards, 41, Downham-road, Islington, gentleman," and tbe notes given in exchange were (less two fvr 10!. each) the same paid to Mlr. Hu'tton on the cal in question. They were endorsed with the prosecutor's name. The 300L.-note was changed on the 4th of September, and the address upon it was where the prisoner lived. One of the 10L-notes was paidinto the bank through an eatinghouse keeper in the city, and could not be further traced, the other was paid into the branch bank at Birnnngham, on the <0th of September, and a letter written by the prisoner dated, " Highfield, Harborne-road, Edgbaston, Birmingham, September 27," to show the probabiity of his having cashed the note in question at Birmingham. Isr. Nicholson, solicitor, of Warrington, said. he was concerned for Berarchall in the brewery matter. The prosecutor vas his London agent, and he paid the caUs through him. In August, 1854, he sent 300!., and on the 7th of September he received a letter, dated the 6th, stating that the amount had been paid that day, and enclosing the receipt (produced). Did not receive any letter dated the 4th. He never heard of any deduction havmgbeen allowed, and if there had, the amount should nave been remitted to himn. His client mentioned in February that he ought to have had interest allowed, and he then wrote te Mr. Flulker about it. Cross-examined.-His letter had reference to the principal as well as interest, but he found that the principal had been allowed on a previous occasion. - Mr. BALTAXTN E said, the first count had reference tothe changing of the 3001.-note which the prisoner had received for a specific purpose, hut, of course, it was not pretenlded thatthere ,as any other charge against him than that of the 261. 15s. Gd. hMr. Serjeant PIGOTT, in addressing the jury, dwelt forcibly on the terrible consequences which -would result to the prisoner from an adverse verdict on the charge. He vwas a young man well connected, just entering upon a profession with every prospect of success; he had proved, his ability by the successful results of the actions he had bro cght against the prosecutor, and he now stood there on a ciarge of felony-with the prosecutor, the man who had been defendant when he was plaintiff, the principal, if really he was not the only witness against him. A conviction would consign him to inutterable ruin, and the jury, before they came to the conclusion that he was g ulty, would weigh well all the circumstances, and satisfy themselves, as to the mUotives of the prosecutor in instituting the prosecution. It was of vital iuportance that it should appear that Flslrer knew there was a claim for interest, and he submitted that he did, and, if so, wby did he not inquire into it before 1S months had elapsed since his return from Scotland. The prosecutor, he said, had tampered with the question, though it had been put to him 20 times over, but it was cleaT Ihat he did know it, and that was the reason he left the crossed check in blank, so that it should be drawvn for an amount less than 3001. by -whatever amount of interest should be found payable to the account of the country client. If he Imew that the precise sum to pay was 300!., and that he had received and paid that amount into bis own bankers to meet the call, why did he not give his check for that sum? The reason, he contended, was, that be was uncertain as to the amount to be paid when the interest was deducted. The explanation of the letter of the 4th not having been sent, was this:-The prisoner went to theoffice that morming and wrote the letter, and copied it intc, the book, anticipating that he should settle the m.atter in the course of the day, and so have the letter ready to enclose the receipt to Mr. Nicholson; but he did not settle it that day, and th erefore destroyed the letter, but the copy remained in the book. The copy was the first made that day, and that bore out thlis statement. The case would havehbeen very different had it been the last. On the 6th he did settle the matter, and then he wrote a letter in the precise words of that of the 4th, but did not copy that in the book thinking that of the 4th would suffice. Theprisonerhad acted in a straightforward manner, hecontended, andthere wasnothing to indicate guilt. Sanders might be mistaken as to the day on wldch he said the prisoner told him he hadpaid the call, aud when he was before the magistrate a wise discretion was 'observed in not disclosing his defence, considering whom he had to deal with, which defence was that the money was paid. The prisoner's mouth was closed, but there was his chary, which the other side had given him notice to produce. That diary contained an entry of the 3d of November, 1854, relative to this very sum; yet they had refused to put it in evidence, and the prisoner could notuseit in his own case. That entry mentioned basiness done in the office on the 3d f N=ovember, as well as the awn now in question, and the hooks in court proved that on that 3d of November such business was done, and it was clear the entry was made at one and the same time. Might not there be some serious mistake in the case ? Might not the prisoner, as he said he did, pay the money, and its entry in the book be omitted ? Yet, they did not dare to put his own diary before the jury. lhr. B,arayraTE observed that it had come from the prisoner's possession, and in all probability was concocted. Mr. Serjeant PIGonT said, his friend had no right to say that. Howvever, there it was, and they had refused to make evidence of it, although they had given notice to produce it. The case depended uDon the evidence of the prosecutor, who was actiated, he said, by the most mtiserable malignity and rancour towards this young man, whom it was his object to crush and ruin-and for what:- Because he had become himself an attorney; because he had at Iast procured justice for persons who had been the prosecutor's clients; and because he had been successful in the actionis he had brought against him. It was a death struggle to procure his conviction on this charge, but if he had been guilty, and knew that at any moment such a charge mnight turn up, would he have gone on with action after action against the very man who could prosecute him for a felony? if so, he would have been one of the most insane beings that ever walked in shoeleather. To sbow that the prosecutor had an rn-will against him, he need but mention that, without requiring any explanation of the matter, he went with an officer and gave the prisoner into custodv at his own office, at an hour in the afternoon when he hoped that theie m o would have left the poice court, so that lie might be kept in a cell all night. hat he received th;e money was clear-that was provedby his own conduct and hnis own handwriting; he knew that a subsequent call must he made, and tha,t the matter of the interest would then be apparent; and with a knowledge of this against him, would he have gone on bearding tUe lion in the way he had, wringing damae out of the prosecutor's pocket for his own clients ? Why, his head, as it were, was in the lion's mouth, and it was incredible that he should have gone on with action after action against this man if he knew that he was in his power, or woud be probably on this charge. The prisoner's character for honesty and integrity was unimpeached hitherto ; his ability was testified to by the clients of the prosecutor flocking to him to get them their rights; and it was ill-will and malice alone that constituted the foundation of the prosecution. Is was not impossible that the 10l.-note which was paid into the Birmningham Bank got there by other moans than through the prisoner;- and he trusted the jury would say by their verdict that the prisoner was not guilty of the charge. A number of witnesses. some from Worcesterahiro, here testimony to the prisoner's character being irreproachable. The A&SsT.s.s-TJUnDGE then proceeded to sum up, and carefully placed the facts before the jury. Hle said the case Was of great importance to both parties, for the prisoner's innocence was inconsistent with the prosecutor's evidence, and if the prisoner were not guilty the inference was that perjury had been committed. The prosecutor's motives had, as he thought, nothing to do with the case. It was a question of evidenoe-was or was not this charge proved! M-. Serjeant PIGoTT said, he did not impute periury to Mr. llulner; he contended thatthere might ne some nustake in the matter, and that the whole of the prisoner's conduct w as entirely consistent wlith his innocence, and inconsistent waith guilt. The jury, after a short consultation, found the prisoner Guilty, but most strongly recommended him to mercy on the ground of the excellence of his character, as deposed to by the witnesses. The AssIsTAT.JpTDGE said, he should not pass sentence until the next sessions, and he should give full consideration to the case, and the strong recommnendation of the jury. The trial lasted about seven hours, and the court -was thronged with persons anxious to hear the result.
GLASGOW SPRING CIBOUIT. GLASSGO1W, MA.3r 2. The Spring Circuit Court of J GtiLary, which ea here on 'uesd1ay by Lords Cowan and Deas, was brog t a close to-day. There were in all 50 cases, in which 6i Persons were implicated. The most importantwasirought to a close last night at midnight, after a trial of 14 hours, when a powerful railway navvy, named Gordon, was convicted of a brutal case of robbery and murder, and sentenced *to he hangved. The particulars may be briefly stated. llobert Gordon, l ailway labourer, wras accuced of xmurder and robberv, int SO far as, on tl31stof Deceber or s of January last, on the road near the village of Gartochar, in the poarish of Kiil marnock, Dnmbar noshire, ind not far from Ihe farmhouse of Lochaber, occupied by Wiliam Smith, he did attack and wsult WillianGathrie, iaason, and didaeiae Lim by the throat, and knock him down, and kick or strike' him in the side of the belly, and did otherwise maltreat and abuse him, by which the said-Wi]lian Guthrie, was mortally wounded in his person, and his liver was raptured, -in consequence of which he-died en the 3rd of January, 156 ; and the said prisoner, at the same time and place, took, byforceandviolence,-fromGuthriea 31. bank-note, 21s, or thereabouts, in silver, and several a#-icles. From tne lengthened.evidence it'appeared that Gntllie, who was an elderly man. and was working on the railway as a-mason,was proceeding along 'ith a companion, named Stewart, on the last day of the year, to the =1a of Dryimen, awhere he received his fortnight's wages of 21s.. 3s. 4d. from the contractor. ,There were two II-notes. They returned in the ,evening to the village of Gartocharn, and entered the house of a woman nimed Barnes, where Gordon, the pf'soner, lcdged, and where Guthrie treated the people to some *hiAky, Gordon among the number. - Gutbstie iaterwards went to a grocer's shop in the village, where he made some purchases to the amount of 2s. 4d. At this time Gordon, the prisoner, was in the shop talking to Guthrie, -andsaw him takehis moneyout, andreplace it, enclosed ina tin tobacco box, in an inside waistcoatpoclket. The prisoner left the shop first, and about 10 o'clock Guthrie also left and set out by a lonely road for the farmhouse of Lochabar, about a mile and-half distant, where he lodged. The scene next opens on the following morning (New-year's-day), about 10 o'clock, when Gnthrie is seen creeping towards the farmhouse 2nainus his hat, neckcloth, part of his clothin',. and literally covered with mud, and exhibiting scratches on his face. This was on Tuesday. S ith, the owner of the house, and his wife were atfirst dispceed toshow little sympathy for the man, believing that he had got into that stats from intoxication, although he was usually a sober person. Ee said, howvever, that he? had been nearly nnurdered, and had been robbed of all he had. He was put to bed, but next day (Wednesday) he was no better, and on his landlord proposing to send for a doctor Guthrie desired, in preference that the rural policemau, named Young, should be sent for. This man accordingly came, when Guthrie, -who was still very ill, deposed to him and his landlord, and the wife of the latter, that ashewas returning home along the road on Monday night, between 10 and 21 o'clock, he beard some persons comiDg up behind him, and he was suddenly assailed by three or four 'navvies," who seized him so deperately by tbethroat that the blood sprang from his mouth nose, and eyes. They then threw him down, robbed hi3n of all he had, and jmnped upon his belly till he became insensible. Gordon, the prisoner, was one of these men; the others he did not knoir. On coming to himself he crawled to the shelter of some oat-stalks, on the roadside, and lay there all night, and on the following mornin- made his wa with great difficulty, to the farmhouse of Lochaber. He died on the following day, Thursday, the 3rd of January. A post maortem examination revealed the- fct that the body had various marks of violence, and that the liver was ruptured in three places. These injuries the medical mnen believed to have been received within 48 hours, and they were more likely to have arisen from hicks and blows than from a falL The next section of the evidence rested on the movements of the prisoner Gordon. He left his lodgings on Xonday night, about the same time with Guthrse, and was not seen there again till Wednesdav morning, when he returned in a tipsy state. He had no money before, but in the interval he was flush of it-treated his companions liberally to drink, and changed a 11.-note. His'smockwas observed to bear spots of blood, and he was afterwards seen washing it. One of his feUow-labourers deposed that he had admitted to him that he was present when Guthrie was assaulted and robbed, and thatbhe received 11. 12s. 6d. of the money. In his declaration before the sheriff, he stated that he accompanied a fellow-labourer nanned Wilson, who wanted money-that Wilson attacked Guthrie on the road, seized him by the throat, threw hin down, kicked him, and took his mnoney-that he (Gordon)received 5s. of it on the spot, and some more silver next day. The placewhere the assault took place bore trces of' much "tramping"; a nunber of articles belonging to Guthrie were found lying about, including his tobacco-box and the pocket which had been torn from the inside of his vest. There were.plenty of broken tobacco pipes lying about., which it is presumed the navvies had been smoking provious to the assault. The jury brought in a verdict finding by a majority the prisoner ¢Ui7t31 as libelled, hut recommending him to mercy on the ground that murder was not originally intended. Lord Cowlan sentenced him to be hanged at Dmnbarton on Thursday, the 22d current. At this circuit about a dozen ticket-of-leave men, who had gone back to their old practices, were convicted, and |most of them sentenced to transportation for 21 years.
POLICE. GULnAaLL.-James Scott, a resDectable-looling voung man, abont 19 years of age, descrilbd as a clerk end traveller, was charged with embezzing property belonging to his master. The prisoner was fully committed for triaL MAXLi3OTmiO.uG-sTREEr.-Harriett Gralham was charged with attemptimg to shoot her husband, Johrn Munroe Graham, an actor at the Princess's Theatre. It appeared that rhe prisoner had been married to Mr. Graham for 12 years, but was now separatedcfrom hiML On the previous night she inet her husband coming out of the Princess's Theatre, aad held up the pistol to him. There vas evidence to prove that the pistol was loaded with powder and balD, that the lock clicked, but it did not go off. The prisoner said, she only intended to frighten her husband. She was committed for trial. WEsTaasNsTm-Henry Charnell, William Martin, Jobn Sale, Charles Paschael, and John Tillett, five respectable looking middle-aged men, were finally brought up before Mrr. PAmTEx, charged with stealing between 501. and 6001. worth of plate from the house of Mr. William Trott Fisher, 30 EBaton-place. The circumnstances of the case are of a very extraordinary description. The prisoner Charrell, who was butler to Mr. Fisher, informed him that about 7 o'clock on thie morning of the 5th ult. he had been called out from the house late at night in consequence of the sickness of his cousin's wife, and upon his return found nearly the whole of the plate had been stolen. The policewere sent for andprisoner was given into custody, when the accused informed the inspector that the story he had before toldabout the sickness of his cousin's wife was untrue, and that he had been out spending the night with four men, one of whom was a perfect stranger to him. They had started for a ball at eillis's Rooms, Brewer-street, Golden-square, but, finding there was none there, went to Wrillis's in Kingstreet. St. Jaaes's, and discovering that those rooms were also closed, they went toEvans's. He said that the stranger left soon after they started, and was foUowed shortly afterwards by another, who took some offence, and that he finally parted with MIartin at 4 o'clock in the morning in Arabellarowr, when he returned home and found the place had been robbed. He said he then hastenxed to Martin's house, aud informed him of the circumstance, and then apprized his master. The latch of the street door was fastened baclk, but there were no marks of violence on either that or the area door, nor upon the plate closet or larger plate chest, which fastened with two locks and was difficult to open; but there were traces of force on the smaller chest, the keys of which were in Charnell's possession. The prisoners Martin, Sale, Paschael, and Tillett, lthefirstthree of -whom were at that time butlers out of place, and the fourth in service in a smilar capacity, were all visited and questioned by the police, and gave a nearly similar account of the transaction to that before detailed by CharneL]. Martin added that he first proposed going to the ball to Charuell, when the latter said he woulld invite a friend to accompany *them, and wrote to Tillett, who went to prosecutor's house at about 10 oclock on the night of the 4th, where he was afterwards joined by him (Eartin), Sale, his friend, and Paschael, who lodged in the same house with him; that they all remained in the butler's pantry till half-past 12, when, upon its being considered the family bad retired to rest, they went out and rode in acab to Brewer- -treet, where Sale left them, alleging that he was not fitly dressed for a balL After finding there was no ball they Lwent about to several nubEchouses and spent the night. and when Charnell returned and told him that his master's house had been robbed he wrote a letter to the person he represented as his cousin, soEciting him to confirm the story he was about to tell, that he had been called out to see his sick wife. Evidence was given showing that Martin dined with Charnell at his masters on the 4th ult., and having gone away returned at half-past 10 o'clock at night, and, rapping at the area door instead of ringing the bell, was admitted to Charnel's pantry, to which it was also shown Tillett had been previously admitted. It was further proved thatthere was io cousin's wife ill, and letters were produced, the one to confirm the pretended sickness, and the other by Tillett in confirmation of the previous account tha'. he had received the invitation to the ball from Charnell, but the envelope did not bear date with the enclosure, vhich he accounted for by stating that he had received many previous letters from Charnell and the envelope must have become changed. The police said that inquiries had been made for the cabman spokenof who was said to have conveyed them to Brewerstreet, but he was not to be found, and, as the mode which was ordinarily taken to find him out had failed it, was assumed that had the five been carried, as described, the driver would have been found. Air. Humphreys having concluded the case for the prosecution, Mfr. Wontuer, who was retained by Martin, said that hae felt very strongly in this case that the liberty of the respect-i able men who stood at that moment before the magiztrate1 had been grossly outraged. It was much to be regretted that Mr. Fisher had been robbed of his plate; but more to be deplored, because that unfortunate occurrence had takenl place, that these men were to be robbed of the good chareter they had hitherto possessed, and which character was their only means of getting their bread. The fact was, that they had done what men ordinarily do in gentlemen's servicethey had very foolishly gone out for recreation at night, but it was too much to say that, because Mr. Eisher's house had been robbed during Charnell's absence, either he or the men who were his companions in the night's amusement were thieves. lMr. PAyit', said he had considered this matter very anxiously, and had not been able to come to the conclusion that the evidence was in favour of the accused, or in accord.; ance with the views expressed by their very able advocate. He could not conceive that the whole of this valuable property was taken away, from the house without Charnel knowing anything about it; he mnst have had some accomplice ; and the evidence clearly showeed that Martin and the men *ere concealed in the pantry when the family had retired-to rest. With respect to mot giving the men into: custody before, he thought the prosecutor was entitled to credit for much forbearance. Be (Lr. Paynter) believed the statement about the ba'l to be a concocted story, and committed the whole of the prisoners for triaL Xe refused to take bail for Charnell, but exr essed his willingness to accept surdies in 100l.for each of the4others,with48hours' notice. He thought the-cireumstance of Martin being found -with 41. in his possession: rather suspicious, but as it was not objected to by Mr. Homphreys, it was ordered to be given up to him. It was stated in the cour5* of the inquiry that Mtutin bore a Tery good cbaracter, ail that nothing was known to the prejudioe of the others. It was added that Tillett, whiX had been apprehended at Mr. Griffiths country house:, Slovugn, on Friday, had been visited by his maer in v'ia House of Datention, and that he had intimated his inte i- tion of bailing him. Wousli'-s rnxx-The magistrate acnoiwledges his receipt of 5s. in postage stamps for -the:poorbox . frou "J. B." ald "R. E.," "who couplains of, nnacknowledginent being male of the receipt-of the first half of a i- mote, No. 1-2708, which was remitted to this court on oF about the 17th of last mnonth, is informed by the repor6er that it was acknowledged in this liaper a few iys afteritsreceigt by the magistrate, and -must eharefore haveescaped' hisnservaton. SOErWARR.-Inthecourse of SaturdayMr. Solomon, solicitor, of the Borough-road, attended before his worship. to put in bail for the appearance of William Hobson Aubert, who 'was charged before Mr. Combe oai Friday -with com-- nitting an indecent assault on two young g-irlsbelongnmgto a poor-widow, inSurrey-row, Blackriasss-road,intowhosehou ' he introducedhimuself asa medical gentleeman coinected withL an orphan asylum, into which he promised to introdace then. Mr. Willian Hobson, a gentleman of independeutf fortune, residing at 43, Harley-street, Cavendish-square, and Mr. John fring Glenny, proctor, of Bennet's-hill" Dloctors-conuions, were accepted as bail in the sin of 25QI each, with the prisoner in 5001., for his appearance to anmser the further hearing of this disgraceful charge en Friday next. Thomas Weeks, a rfflianlv-looldkg fellow, a chimneysweeper living in Kent-street, was charged with committing a murderous assault upon Sarah Weeks, his wife. Mr. BsCREcTTr said, there could be no doubt that he was a brutal fellow and had repeatedly assaulted his wife. although sheneverappearedagainsthimbefore. Heshoullt commit him to the fouse of Correction for six months, with hard labour. LA-AMETH.-Charlotte Augusta Marsacl;, a -well-dresset and most intellinent little girl of 11 years of age, wa; further examinea before Mr. ELLIOTT, on a charge of robbing one child of 5d. and also on suspidon of havin - robbed several others. From the evideuce it appeared that for several days pase the prisoner had obtained a considerable notoriety in the New- cut, SLmbeth, and its vicnity from robbing children, and on Eriday. about noon, was taken into custodyfor robbing a child of 6L. in halfpence in a most artful manner, and -when accused of tbe offence most adroitly slipped.- the money-into -the basket of the child from whom she had taken it. When questioned by the policeman she admitted V the offence, said her father was a gentleman and her mother a Lady, but that t,hey had sent out herself ada ber little brothers to get vhat money they could, and when the con- stable was bringin hcr along the streetshe was pointed out'; boy several as "the little girl whorobbedt'he children." At her ex:amination before 3Mr. NTorton, on Eriday, her father, - a person of gentlemanly aDpearance, came forward - and said he could not account for the extraordinary conduct of his child, and denied in the most solemrs manner that he bad ever sanctioned or encouraged acts of dishonesty on her part or those of his other children. He said he was a gentleman and at one time possessed considerable property. His manner, and appearance were -such as to induce Mr. NosTrON to allow him to take his child home on his promising to produce her on a future day, and he now did so. The constable who has the case in hand informed Mr. Ellott that on account of its being Saturday, he was unable to get the necessary witnmeses to attend, but he should do so on a future day. In reply to a question from the magis- trate, he said that he had made inquiries abouat the parentsof the prisoner, and foundlthem what she represented them -a lady and gentleman-or apparently so, -ho had come from the country si or seven weelcs ago. The father repeated the statement he had made ont.he day before,-namely, that he was quite at a loss to account for his daughter's conduct, unless in this 'waS'-that -she had an attack of illness some weeks ago, and since then was addicted to wande - nd strange conduct. He was himself a native of Oxfordshire, but hadrecently lived at Gravesend, which place heleft about seven weal;s since and came to town. - The conduct of the girl, -when taken into custody, and -when before Mlr. Norton on Friday, bore a perfect contradiction to her father's statement, and Mr. Euaorr ordered the case to stand over nntil Thursday next for the attendance of witnesses, and to be further heard before Mr.- Norton. Her father was again allowed to take the prisoner home on his promisuig to produce her on Thursday. 'George Colville Colville, who has been so frequently before the public, in the first instance as aclaimant to the title and property of Lord Colville in the Scotch Peeragqe. mnd subsequently in connexion with railway and other' seculations, wasbrought up on a warrant, charging him with deserting his wife and four children and leavingthem tothe ratepayers of CamberwelL Sedwick, the relieving officer of the parish, said that Colvifle was offered employment in the stoneyard, but he refused it, declaring he could not do so. He was then given something to do in the office, but this he woon got tired of, and from the 17th of April had left his family chargeable to the parish. Not being able to find himn the parish offlcers cau3sed an advertisementto be put into tbe public papers, offering a rewvard for him, and this led to bis ThcPdefendant, who presented an app2arance of distress; denied having deserted his family, as 111Swife, ho said, klew where he was. Mr. EluoTr observed that he could not expect that the ratepayers of the parish of Camberwell could be burdened 'with his family, and hemnust do something himself to support then. The charge of desertion was clearly proved, and he should commit him to the House of Correction for 21 days.
NAYAL ANfD MTLITARY INTELLIGENCE. w Ine Imperatriz stem-transport, Captain Cox, returned to Spithead from the Russian port Libau on Friday evening, having landed the late prisoners of war there, 1,134 in number. The Imperatriz left Spithead on the night of the 19th of April, and arrived at Libau on the 25th-little more than five days; landed the prisoners, and left for Spithead the next day; stopped 24 hours at Elsinore to coal, and arrived at Spithead on Friday night last, thus making the voyage out and home in 12 days, including all stoppages, diembarcation, coaling, &c. This is the shortest voyage ever made to Russia The Russian officers were highly pleased with the ship and their treatment on board, and had invited her offlcers to a grand ball, but, as the ship could not be detained, Captain Cox and his officers were con. strained to decline. We are requested to publish the folowing other testimonial to Captain Cox:- "Steamer Imperatriz, Libau, April 26, 1856. "We, the Russian officers returning to our native country, are desirous of expressing the extreme satisfaction we have enjoyed on board Her Majesty's ship Imperatiz, on her voyage from England to the Russian port Libau, not only from the hospitable treatment and attention to our conforts manifested by Captain Cox and all under his command, but from his conduct to all the prisoners of war, 1,136 in number, on board, which has been universally courteous and obliging, and we sincerely take leave of him with earnest hopes for his future welfare. " (Signed in the nome of P'rince Curosoff and 40 Russian officers), " GTSTAF GRAIIN, Lieuteaant-ColoneL "' To Captain H{enry T. Cox, Her Mtajesty's steam-transport lImperatriz." The steam-transport Great Western, No. 6, Captain Bayton, arrived at Spithead last evening, from the East. The Advice and Nautilus sailed on Friday for Queenstown and Plymouth. The Vesavius, 6, paddlesloop, Commander Hore, returned to Spithead on Friday evening from Plymouth. The St. Vimcent, 101, three-decker, Captain G. A. Eliott, is ordered to prepare for sea. It is reported she is going to the Crimea to bring home a portion of the army. As she ba no lower deck guns in she will be able to carry from 1,000 to 1,200 soldiers comfortably in addition to her crew. The new screw two-decker Victor Ermmanuel, 91, was undocked at Portsmouth on Saturday, and the Euryalus, 51, Captain Ramsay, taken in to reft. The Megera, 6, screw steam troop-frigate, Commander Johnston, is ordered to be paid off, but not dismantledL The Glatton, 14, steam battery, Captain Cumming, was paid off on Saturday afternoon. The Tartar, 21, Captain Dunlop; Archer, 14, Captain Heathcote; Falcon, 17, Commander Pullen; and Basilisk, 6, paddle-sloop, Commnander Crofton, are ordered to prepare for saiUng. It was the Powerful, 84, Captain Massie, that was at Havannah on the 2d ult., and not the Calcutta. The steam transport Jura, No. 14, Captain Moodie, arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon from the Crimea, with the T Battery, No. 3 Company, 9th Battalion of Royal Artillery, comprising Captains R. P. Radeliffe and Addington, Lieutenants Johnstone and Talbot, Assistant-Surgeon Hopwood, 234 men, and 201 horses, whom she lately took out from LiverpooL The following passengers have also come home in the Jura.-Veterinary-Surgeon Brennan, Royal Artillery; two servants, and one horse; Captain Wolfe, Royal Artilery, and one servant; Captain Grant, 16th Lancers, one servant, and two horses; Lieutenant INeave, 3d Dragoon Guards, and one servant ; Captains Glyn and Balfour, of the Rifle Brigade; Major Finch and Lieutenant Sanderson, of the 68th; Captain Hay, of the 62d; IUeutenant Hope, of the 1st Royals; Messrs. Ferguson, -Davie, and J. H. Robertson, Sergeant H. Torn, R.A., Gunner Marshall, Private Milling, Ist Dragoon Guards, four women and two children. The padclewheel steam-frigates Magicienne, 16, Captain 2N. Vansittart, and Vulture, 6, Captain Frederick H. H. Glasse, sailed from Plymouth on Friday for Ireland, with more than 200 Coastguardzmen from ships in the Sound. The crew of the stcam corvette Esk, 21, Captain Sir Robert L Le M. 3PClure, are to be hulked, and the vessel taken to Keyham Docks to be famigated. The Cambrian, 40, and the Amethyst, 26, at Devonport, are ordered to be put in commission; the latter was towed from her moorings to the jetty on Saturday. The screw steam transport Sydney, No. 76, Captain Mac_ namara, arrived in Plymouth Sound on Saturday evening, from Jersey, with one sergeant and 120 rank and file, from the 76th Regiment, for Halifax. The General Screw Company's steamship Argo, No. 81, Captain Benson, will probably sail from Southampton, this day, for the East. The Hawke, 60 guns, screw steamship, Captain Erasmus Ommanney, has arrived at Sheerness, from Portsmouth; also, the Plover gunboat, Lieutenant Commander Keith Stewart, from Spithead; the Manly gunboat, Lieutenant Commander William Arthur; the Seagull gunboat, Lieutenant Commander Montague F. O'Reilly; and the Spanker gunboat, Lieutenant Commander George S. Bosanquet. Admiralty orders have arrived at Sheerness to dismantle andpay off the officers and crews (except the men entered for continuous services) of the following ships, viz. -The Hawke, 60 guns, screw steamship, Captain Erasmus Ommanney; the Russell, 60 guns, screw steamship, Captain Francis Scott; the Horatio, 8 guns, screw steamship, Captain the Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, C.B., and the Volage storeship, Master Commander John C. Hutehings, now in sick quarters at Melvile Hospital. The Wasp, 14 guns, screw steam sloop, of 100-horse power (nominal), the Brilliant, 20 guns, and the Persian, 32-gun sloop, now at Sheerness, are ordered to be immediately brought forward for commission, as their services are immediately required. The Tnrsty, 14 guns' floating battery, Captain Frederick A. Campbell, was paid off and put out of commission at Sheerness on Satarday last. It is reported that the 15th Hussars will shortly move to Ireland from Manchester. The 7th Hussars will proceed from York to replace the 6th Dragoons, destined for India. The 3d Jiiger Rifle Corps, stationed on Maker Heights, mnder command of Colonel Henry 0. Bowles, was dispersed suddenly on Saturday last.. Companies No. 1 and 4 were sent to Devonport, Company No. 2 to Plymouth Citadel, and Company No. 6 to Drake's Island. One company has been stationed at Bovisand from the first arrival of the corps at Plymouth Garrison.
TBvE ISTAns.-So&uT rrToN, May 4.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamer Ava, Captain Field, sailed this morning for Gibraltar, AMalta, and Alexandxia, with the India, China, and Alediterranean mails, 45 passengers, 2,395 boxes of specie for India. Straits, and China, -alue 644,7091. 15s., and for Malta and Alexandria 1,461i.-total 646,1711. I0s.-and afull general cargo. This is the largest amount of specie ever shipped on board either of this company's steamships. Among the passengers are Ideutenant-G(eral Sir Patrick Grant, Cornmander-in-Chief of the Madras army; Colonel RIaines, Hon. G. Edwards, Captain B. Ford, Major Jackson, and IAeutenant Pearse. The Tagns, Captain WVeeks, with the next outward Peninsular mails, leaves on the 7th inst. The United States' mail steamship Fulton, Captain Wotton, will sail from Havre and Southampton on Wednesday next for New York with - the French and English mails, passengers, and cargo. The Lord Chancellor has appointed the Rev. C. R. Hall to the rectory of Shire-Newton, county of Monmouth. The vicarage of Wardley, county of Rutland, has been conferred by the Lord Chancellor upon the Rev. C. R. Niewmarch. The vicarage of St. Michael's, Derby in the gift of the Lord Chancellor, has been given to the Yen. J. Erskine Clarke. The Lord Chancellor has presented the Rev. J. Mfaddy to the vicarage of Down Hatherley, county of Glocester. T'he vicarage of Stok-e-with-Sorne, county of Warwick, has been given to the Rev. Robert Arrowsmith by the Lord Chancellor. The Queen has appointed the I.ev. Y. Pettit to the perpetual clracy of St. Jude's, Birmningham. hIr. Coghlan M. M'Hardy is appointed to be third class clerk in the D)irector-General's Departent of the Admiralty at Somerset-house. Captain B. atson, C.B., is appointed to be Naval Aide-Camp to the QueenObseraer. THE BoILFR EuPLOSIOw AT KBmIEswoRT COLIEPRy.-The adjourned inquest on Thomas Leadbetter and Edward Cvff, who were killed by the recent explosion of a boiler at Kibblesworth Colliery, in the northern division of the county of Durham on the 24th ult., took place on Pri1ay at the Plough Ian, Kibblesworth, before Mfr. Favell, coroner. After hearing a great deal of evidence tho juy returned the following verdict:-"We are of opinionthat there was a defective plate in the boiler, but that the explosion was caused by want of water; but whether the blame isattributableto Dorman or to Reed (persons emplovedat the time) we have not sufficient evidence to show. W)e are also of opinion that if the boiler smith and engineer had looked After the boiler when she was last cleanod the defective -plate might have been mended." BEALTH OF IfR. ]BRIGHT, M.P.-Many readers of.a paragraph which irst tppeared in the G?okc, and has -ance gone the round of e papers, may feel nnnecessary anxiety respecting M£r. Brizht's health. We have much e, therefore, in statinG that the hon. member for heeter left Ben lyhydding on Wednesday last, quite free from the complaimt-corestion of the brain-under which he has suffered duding the last few months, and in general good health. Bt by way of precaution hte is, by Dr. Iced's advice, &boat to take a pedestrian tour through ti.e Highlands of Scotland during the present month, 2nd afterwards to spend zbout the same length of time in Swiwzer and. His medical adviser has no doaxt of 4he hon. gent;ewan's returning to England as able sa -ever to dischargx Ilis ardaous dutis.-Lceds hrercury of ijMurday- SEi IRiSr Spntm TRADE.-A bill introduced by Xy- )3rady, Mr. H. Be-rkeley, and Mr. P. O'Brien rerpeal pzta of the acts 3d and 4th William IV., e 68, 6th and ltlhW i .ixm IV., c- 3B, fith and 9th Victoia, c. 64, and 17th =$ 18th Victoria, c. 8¢ Retailers of beer, cider, spirts,, g wine are prohibiteS to open or keep opeh their Douses atally time between 12 p,m- and S a.m. on weeIk ays, or befof D 2 p.m. or after It p.m. on £ndlaT or ibjpjs,^xn.m 0ltb&ornfingfolling .Iuuday. I
- £TLATD AND THB UNITED STATES. TM: "ENLISTMENT" OUESTION. The following despatch from the Earl of Clarendon to Mr. Dallas, the new United States M1inister, resumes the whole history of the diplomatic controversy as to the enlistment of Aimerican citizens for the British service. It was laid with the other papers (already published) on the table of the Rouse on Friday:- " TuE EARL OF CLARENDON TO MR. DALLAS. " Foreign-office, April 30,1856. "The undersigned, Rc., had the honour to receive, on the 29th of January, from Mr. Buchanan, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States at this Court, a copy of a despatch dated the 28th of the previous December, addressed to Mrr. Buchanan by Mr. iMarcy, Secretary of State of the United States, containing observations on a despatch *which the undersigned had directed Her Majesty's Minister at Washington to communicate to Mr. >Marcy. Mr. Marcy's despatch wfas in continuation of the discussion which had been some time pending between the two Governments on the subject of the conduct which was alleged by the Government of the United States to have been pursued by certain of Her Majesty's officers in giving effect to the intentions of Her Mlajesty's Government to receive into the military service of the Queen any persons who, coming from any quarter into Her M:ajesty's dominions, might there be willing to engage in that service. " The undersigned has hitherto deferred replying to Mr. Marcy's despatch, not only because it was more consistent with the respect which Her Majesty's Governmententertained for the United States, thoroughly to inquire into the allegations contained in it, hut also because it was just and right towards her Majesty's oficers whose conduct was impugned, to put them in possession of the charges brought agaist them, and to give them that opportunity of explanation and defence which was then for the first time afforded them. " The undersigned, before he adverts to Mr. Marcy's last despateh, must express his deep regret that the Government of the United States should have deemed it necessarv to continue a controversy on a question which Mr. Buchanan considered at the time would be finally settled by the note of the undersigned of July 16, 1855-a note which MIr. Buchanan said he would transmit with much satisfaction to his Government. The undersigned had, indeed, hoped that that note, together with his subsequent communications of the 27th of September to Mr. Buchanan, and of the 16th of November, through Mr. Crampton, to the Government of tho UJnited States, would have been accepted by a friendly Government such asetio to he United States, as a distion for any offence which that Goverment might have been led by circumstances to think had, though unintentionally, been given. " For what has been the course of the transactions which have given rise to this correspondence? "Onthe brealdng out ofthelate war between theWestern Powers and Rnssia, the British Government was informed that many persons resident within the United States-some natives of the continent of Europe, and some naturalborn subjects of Her Majesty-were desirous of entering into the military service of GreatBritain. The British Government, believing the information they had received on this matter to be well-founded and being anxious to increase as rapidlyas possible their military force, took steps to avail themselves of this disposition, and gave directions that any persons presenting themselves within the British North American Provinces, willing to enlist and found fit for service, should be engaged for the British army. But Her Majesty's Government gave the most positive orders that in making arrangements for this purpose nothing should be done toinfringe in any manner whatsoever the neutrality laws of the united States. "It was not doubted that such arrangements might be carried into execution without any violation of those laws, because those laws prohibit enlistments or engagements only within the territories of the United States; they do not forbid citizens of the United States or residents therein from leaving those territories, nor do they forbid such citizens or other persons from engaging or- enlisting in military service elsewhere, when of their own free will and without any previous contract or engagement they may have left those territories. "The intentions of the British Government, and the arrangements made to carry those intentions into execution, were not concealed from the Government of the United States. " Those intentions and arrangements were frankly stated by Mr. Cranipton to Mr. Marev in a conversation on the 22d of March, 1855, and the only observations which Mr. Marcy made in reply were, that the neutrality laws of the United States would be rigidly enforced, but that any number of persons who desired it might leave the United States, and get enlisted in any foreign service. Up tot his point, therefore, there was no misunderstandingastothe purpose of theBritish Government, and no difference of opinion as to the legality of the course which that Government intended to pursue. " But the British Government soon found, by accounts which reached them from the United States, that it would be difficult to prevent the execution of the contemplated arrangements from being attended by circumstances which might give rise to discussions between the two Governments. It was seen that, however strict might be the orders of Her Majesty's Government that nothina should be done in contravention of the laws of the United §tates, and however scrupulous Her Majesty's officers in America might be in obevin- those orders, yet a misconception of the precise bearing o? those laws might lead some of those officers unintentionally to overstep their limits, while other persons, either from honest zeal or for the sake of gain, or from a desire to entrap Her Majesty's officers, might do things at variance with the provisions of those laws. Her Majesty's Government, therefore, being most anxious that nothing should happen to disturb the good understanding between the two Governments, and beina desirous of showing unequivocally their respect for the Yaws of the United States, at once, and of their own accord, determined to give up the further prosecution of the arrangements in question, and they accordingly sent out to Canada and to Nova Scotia on the 22d of June, 1855, orders to discontinue all further proceedings in the matter of enlistment for the Foreign Legion. " A fortnight after these orders had been sent out the undersigned received from Mr. Buchanan a note, dated July 6, alleging that the neutrality laws of the United States had in many instances been violated by persons taking steps, either with or without the approbation of the British Government, for the purpose of engaging or enlisting within the United States recruits for the British service; nd Mr. Buchanan, in the conclusion of his note, stated that' the President would be much gratified to learn that Her Majesty's Government had not authorized the proceedings complained of, but had condemned the conduct of its officials engaged therein, and had visited them with its marked displeasure, as well as taken decisive measures to put a stop to conduct contrary to the law of nations, the laws of the United States, and the comity which ought ever to prevail in the intercourse between the two friendly Powers., . "The undersigned, in reply to this note, expressed to Mr. Buchanan, on the 16th of July, the regret of Her Majesty's Government if the law of the United States had been in any way infringed by persons acting with or without authority from Her Maeaty's Government;- and he stated that any such infringement of the law of the United States would be contrary to the wishes and the positive instructions of the British Government. "The undersigned went on to explain his reasons for believing that no person authorized to act for the British Governnient had violated the law of the United States; and, in conclusion, he stated that the request of the President that decisive measures might be taken to put an end to these proceedings had been anticipated by the spontaneous act of Her Majesty's Government, who had, a fortnight before the receipt of Mir. Buchanan's note, sent out orders to put an end to the arrangement for enlisting within the North American Provinces persons who might come there from other places. " Mr. Buchanan, in reply, said, in a note dated the 18th of July, that he should feel much satisfaction in transmitting to his Government the note of the undersigned. "So strong appears to have been the impression on the mind of Mr. Buchanan of the satisfactory nature of this communication, that, when afterwards lie received a despatch from Mr. Marcy with renewed instructions to address remonstrances to the British Government on the subject of the recruiting pro:eedings, he abstained from acting upon those instructions, and withheld Mr. Marcy's despatch containing them from the knowledge of Her Majesty's Government, obviously because he perceived by its date, July o, that it was witten long before the note of the undersigned of July16 could have been received by Mr. Marcy, and because he concluded that whien that note should have been received the Government of the United States would be satisfied with its contents. For a considerable time this conclusion appeared well founded. On September 5, however, Mr. Marcy addressed a note to Mr. mrampton, not alleging that fresh subjects of complaint had arisen since the receipt in America of the British orders of the 22d of June, but going back to the saue transactions to which Mr. Buchanan's note of the 6th of July had adverted, and renewing all his original complaints, as if no notice had been taken of his former representation, as if no regret had been expressed, and as if no measures had been adopted to put an instant stop to the proceedings out of which his complaints had originated. "A communication so much at variance with what Mr. Buchanan's note of the 18th of July had led Her Majesty's Government to expect might well be received with some feelings of surprise, inasmuch as they believed that they had given to the Government of the United States every satiszaction which one Government could reasonably exo;ect to receive from another in a case of this Idnd. " The undersigned, however, on the 27th of Seiptember replied to Mtr. Marcy's note, answering the allegations re- newed in it, and re ting that Her Majesty's Government had no reason to be live that any of Her Majesty's servants, or any agents duly authorized by them, had disregarded the injunctions to respect and to obey the laws of the United States. "N Nevertheless the Government of the United States still considered this answer unsatisfactory, and on the 13th of October lfr. Marcy addressed another despatch on these matters to Mr. Buchanan, which was communicated to the undergned on the st of November. In that despatch Mr. Marcy renews his general assertions that Her Majesty's officers in America had violated the laws of the United States; he refers to his despatch of the 15th of July, which Mrr. Buchanan had abstained from communicating on the supposition that the note of the undersigned of the 16th of July had finally settled the question at issue, and ho states that the said despatch of the 15th of July indicated the satisfaction which the Government of the United States believed it had a right to claim from the Government of Great Britain. " This despatch of the 15th of July, which was not commnnicated to the undersiged y M r. Buchanan-till the 2d of November, concludes bysayzng that 'the President is dlIsed to believe that RerMajesty's Government has not countanced the illegal ptoceedings of its offloers and sagnts ance its attention w9 first directed to the subject, and will sonsider it aiie%due to itself and to the United States to disavow their ";t ind deal with theta in such a ;naswer as their grave ote.no menit.s;' bgt that, 'a re- cruiting for the British army, in the mode alluded to, is still proeecuted, as he believed, within the United States, by officers and agents employed for that purpose, the President instructs Mr. Buchanan to say to Her Majesty's Government that he expects it will take promzlpt and effective measures to arrest their proceedings, nd to discharge from service those persons now in it wvho were enlisted within the United States, or who left the United States under contracts made here to enter and serve as soldiers in te British army.' "This, then, is the satisfaction which, as late as the 13th of October, Mr. Marcy declared was that which the Government of the United States demanded. "With respect to the first part of this demand, Her Majesty's Government deny that any illegal proceedings were, so far asthey knew, comrmitted by their officers or authorized agents, and therefore they have none to disavow, rand no officers or agents to deal with as offenders. With regard to the other points specified by Mr. Marcy, the undersigned, on the l16th of November, aeeming it respectful to the Government of the United States to do so, entere I into a detailed, and, as he had hoped, a satisfactory reply t } the arguments and statements contained in Mr. aroyi despatch of the 13th of October. In that reply the undersigned stated that themost materialpoint, that of the alleged recruiting, had been already disposed of; for, nearly four months before the date of that despatkh, the recruiting arrangements and proceedings had been abandoned by orders sent by HTer Mfajestys Government on the 22d of June; and that the second part of the satisfsction required it was not in their power to give, because no person had to their knowledge been enlisted w ithin the United States, or left the United States under contract made therein to enter into service in the British army. And he further added, that if it could be shown that anv men had been so enlisted they should immediately be discharged and sent back to the United States. "The undersigned thus showed that the satisfaction claimed by the Government of the United States had long since been given as far as it was in the nature of things possible to give it, and, in addition to the sawtisfaction asked for,he expressed the regret of Her jesty's Government if anything had been done by any person, authorized or unanthorized, which could be considered an infringement of the lawv of the UJnited States. "It might naturally have been supposed thatthe correspondence would here have ended. Regret had been expressed for any infringement of the law of the TUnited States, if any had bken place, notwithstanding the positive and repeated orders of Her Majesty's Government to- the contrary. The satisfaction which the Government of the UnitedStates aftermaturehdeliberationhd demanded had either been spontaneously and by anticipation granted, or had been shown to be impracticable because there was no man in the British servi e whose enlistment, or contract to enlist, had, to the knowledge of Her Majesty's Government, taken Place in the manmer specified by Mr. Marcy in his despatch of the 15th of July, and whose discharge, therefore, could form part of the satisfaction indicated by Mr. Marcy. Her Majesty's Government, however, expressed their readiness to give that satisfaction also, if anyease should be established to which it could apply. " Her Majesty's Governmentwere, however, disappointed in the confident expectation vwhich they had entertained that this further explanation would prove satisfactory, for on the 29th of January of the present year MIr. Buchanan communicated to the undersxgned a despatch from Mr. Marcy, dated the 28th of December preceding, recapitulating the complaints of the Government of the United States, and making a demand in the way of satisfaction different from those which were mentioned in Mr. Marn 's note of the 15th of July, and which were referred to in Ls despatch of the 13th of October as the satisfaction which the Government of the United States believed itself entitled to claim. This demand consisted in an application for the recall of Her Majesty's Minister at Washington, and of Her MWajesty's Consuls at Philadephia, New York, and Cincinnati. I will naturally be asked whether any new ground had been found for this demand, or whether any new event had happened between the 13th of October and the 28th of december, in which these officers of Her Majesty had been concerned. Nothing of the kind had taken place, and the accusations made againt these ofeicers in Mrr. Marcy's de- ote 2th of December rest upon statements which weeeulywithin the know ledge of the Government of the UJmted States on the 13th of October, when no such demand was made. " Before the undersigned proceeds to reply to MIr. Marcy's note of December, 28, lie must notice an erroneous construction which lEr. Marcy has there put upon a passage in a despatch of the 12th of April, 1855, from the undersigned to Mr. Crampton, which was communicated by him to Mr. Marcy. The passage is as follows:-" I entirely approve of your proceedings as reported inyour despatch No. 57, of the 12th ult., with respect to the proposed enlistment in the Queen's service of foreigners and British subjects in the 'United States.' Mr. Maroy assumes, and argues uton the assumption, that the meaning of this passage was, t at the enlistments of the persons mentioned, and which were approved of by Her Majesty's Govermment, were to take place within the United States; whereas, the sentence, according to its obvious meanin, relates to forei"ners and. British subjects resident in the nited States. The word " in " has reference to tho place where they resided, and noS to the place where they were to be enlisted; and if any doubt could arise on this poimt that doubt must havebeen removed by the concluding assage, which adverts to the neutrality law of the United States, and says that Her Majesty's Government would on no account run any risk of infringing that law. This construction of the passage under consideration does not appear to have occurred to Mr. Mfarcy at the time when the despatch of the undersigned of the 12th of April was commumeated to him by Mr. Lumley. So far from it, Mr. Mavrcy ezjressed to Mr. Lumley his satisfaction with that despatcM, and desired that he might be furnished with a copy of it, in order that he might show it to his colleagues. " The undersigned must also further observe that 3Ir. Marcy, in the same despatch, has misconceived the meaning of an expression used by the undersigned in making an offer, above referred to, that any man who might have been enlisted within the United States should be immediately discharged and sent back. The reference there made to British law was merely intended to indicate that if persons had been enlisted under the circumstances supposed, such enlistment would have been at variance with British, as well as with American law; but the undersigned did not mean that respect would not be paid, in the discharge of men, to the principles of the law of the Unitedl States alone, should that law appear to have been violated in a single case. "In reply to the general statements of Mr. Marcy's despatch, the undersigned must repeat that Her Majesty's Government gave the most positive orders that no man should he enlisted or engaged within the territory of 'he United States, and that the neutrality laws of the United States should be strictly and scrupulously respected. But Mr. Marcy now contends that this was not enough, and though in conversation with Mr. Crampton, on the 22nd of March, 1855, he said that he could not object to any number of persons going to Nova Scotia, to be thera enlisted, provided the neutrality laws of the United States were not infringed, he now argues that the enlistment in Nova Scotia of persons coming thither from the United States, was a violation of the policy of the United States, and that not to respect that policy was an offence on the part of Great Britain against the sovereign rights of the United States. *" Now, in reply to this, the undersigned begs to observ% that the policy of a nation in regard to its internal arrangements must besought for in tie laws of that nation; that what those laws forbid it must be understood to be the olicy of the State to prohibit, and that wbat those laws onot forbid it must be understood to be the policy of the State to allow. In every State. whatever may be its form of Government, there is a sovereign power; that sovereign power may impose upon the subjects or citizens of such State what duties, obligations, and restrictions it may think fit, and it is a necessary conclusion that when the sovereign nower puts a limit to its enactments, whether of obligations or of prohibition, it means to leave its subjects or citizens free in regard to all matters not within the enactments of the law. This principle is, indeed, admitted by Mr. Buchanan's note of the 6th of July, wherein he lays it down that the neutral policy of the United States is ' defined and enforced' in the statute of 1818. " Different countries have different lawvs in regard to the enlistment of their subjects and citizens in the military and naval service of other States, and these laws vary according to the different policy of these countries with respect to such matters. "In Great Britain the law not only prohibits recruiting or enlisting within the British dominions for the service of any foreign State, without the permission of the Sovereign, but it goes further, and prohibits any subject of Her Majesty from enlisting, even elsewhere, without the Royal permission. The,policy of Great Britain hence appears .to be to prevent Bratish subjects from entering at all in&t the service of foreign States without the permission of the Crown. "The law of the United States ap pears to be different. Hler Majesty's Government understood, and that understandIing is confirmed by MIr. Buchanan's note of the 6th of July, that the law of the United States only forbids enlistments, Irecruiting, and contracts or engagements within the 'United States, and hiring or retaining persons to quit the Uinited States with intent to be enlisted elsewhere, but it does not forbid citizens of the Unrited States, who may have used their natural right of quitting the UJnited States, to enlist into the service of a foreign State when they have left terowvn country. The sovereign power of the UJnited ataesssgki, t t bd hoen o o o, av flloedit S :tates might, if t lthad chosen to d- o 8,_ h a-ve _foIIowed_it_s citizens with a prohibitory enactment beyond the territory of the United States; but it has not thought fit to do so, andthe j ust and inevitable conclusion is that what it might have forbidden, but has not forbidden, it has designedly allowed; that is to say, in other words, that it is the policy of the United States to prevent foreign enlistments within the United States, but that it is not the pi cy Ste United States to forbid the citizens of the nictyed Stte to enist, when out of the United States, into the service of foreign States, if they should choose to do so. Such being the state of this matter, it is obvious that the British Government cannot justly be chargedl with any dis- regard of the policy of the United States, nor with any disrespect to their sovereign rights, by taking into the Queen's military service any persons, who, having vome from the United States, freely and without contract or engif em ent, into a British territory, mig,ht there be wlling "The real questions at issue between her Majesty's Government and that of the United States, are, heher the British Government ordered or contemplated any vola- tion of the neutrality laws of the United States; whether if the British Government did not order or contemotate such violation, those laws were nevertheless violateahby p ersons acting wiith the authority or approbation of the British Government; and, lastly, wvhether, if any violation *of the law of the United States did take plac, sufficient satisfaction has been giveE -to the,~Governmsent of tha country. I - uIn regard to tho first point, the British Government neher orered nor contemplated any violation whatever of the laws of the UaitedStates, but, on the contrary, issued the mbst positivo and repeated orders that those laws should not be in ringed by any persons acting under their authority. " In regard to the second point, Mr Marcyalleges that, notwithstanding the orders of the British Government } o,gcoers ajd Agenti sf the Goeernment did, wit-hin the United States, do things which were a violation of the neutraWity laws of the United States, and Mr. Marcy specifically makes this charge aganst Mr. Crampton, Her Majesty's Minister at Washington, and against Her Majesty's Consuls at Cincinnati, Philadelphia, and New York. " With respect to Mr. Crampton, the undersigned has to state that Mr. Crampton positively and distinctly denies the charge brought ag:anst him; he declares that he never hired, or retained, or engaged a single person within the United States for the service of Her Majesty, and that he never, countenanced and encouraged any violation of the law of the United States. The charge brought against Mir. Cramptor is mainly founded upon evidence given by Strobei on the trial of Hertz, and on the so-caUed confession of Hertz himself. One of these persons, Strobel, was, in consequence of his misconduct, dismissed from employment by the Lieutenant.Governor of NovaScotia, at ifax, and afterwards appliedto Mr. Crampton, and endeavoured to extort money from him by a threat, which ras of course disregarded. The undersigned has the honour to transmit as enclosures to this note documents which sufficiently prove that both Strobe], and Hertz are wholly unworthy of credit. It is impossible for Her Majesty's Governmentto set the assertions of such men as these agnst the declaration of Mr. Crampon-a man of ulnquestionable honour. " The undersigned must, indeed, remark that the whole proceeding in regard to the trial of Hertz was of such a nature that, while Her Majesty's Minister and Her Majesty's consuls might be, and indeed were, inculpated by the evidence of unserupulous witnesses, that Minister and those consuls had not any means or any opportunity of rebutting the charg'es which were thus incidentally and indirectly broughtaagainsththem. "Withregard to w erMajess consuls atCincinnati, Philadelphia, and New York, they all equally deny the charges which have been brought against themn, and they declare that they have in no way whatever infringed the laws3 of the UJnited States. "WiXth respect to Mr. Ilowcroft, HIer Majesty's consul at Cincinnati, the undersigned has to observe that legal proceedings against tlat gentleman are still pending. As to the origin, character, and nature of those proceedings the undersigned might have much to say; but as they are still pending he abstains from doing so. He mnst, however, be permitted to remark that it would, at all events, be inconsistent with the plainest principles of justice to assume as established charges which are still the subject-matter of judicial investigation. *The accusation against Mr. Mathe, Her Majesys consu1 'At Philadelphia, rests entirely upon assertiolns made by Hertz. Those assertions are positively denied by ma r Mathew- and Her Majesty's Government can scarcely believe that the Government of the United States, withthe knowledge which it will have obtained of the character of Hertz, will hesitate to concur with the Government of Her Majesty in giving credit to Mr. MKathew. "WFith respect to Mr. BarcLay, Her Majesty's consal at New York, he decLares that he neither favoured the alleged recruiting norparticipatedin it, nor was informed of the hiring, retaining, or engaging any manfor that purpose. " Her Majesty's Government cannot but accept the denial of these gentlemen as more worthy of belief than the assertions and evidence of such men as Hertz and Strobel. " But Mr. Marcy considers that the oonduct of Mr. Barclay in the affair of the bark Maury ought to be an additional reason why Her Majesty's Government should recall him, Upon this the undersigned muat observe that Mr. Barclay received information on oath from persons in the service of the UJnited States, leading to the belief that. the hark Maury was fitting out with designs hostile to British interests, and at variance with the neutrality laws of the United States. It was Mr. Barclay's bounden duty to communicate that information without delay to Her Majesty's Minister at Washington. Mr. Barclay did so, and his direct action in the matter .was then at an end. Mr. Crampton submitted this information to the proper authorities of the United States, in order that they might deternine what proceedings, if any, it might be right to take thereupon. The officers of theUnited States considered the pn'irzm fcce case against the Maury to be sufficient to call for proceedings on their part. Such proceedings were accordingly instituted by them, and not by Mr. Barclay, whose conduct in regard to the Maury was in strict performance of his duty, and received the approval of Her Majestys Government. "With regard to the last point, the undersigned must refer to the offers of satisfaction and to the explanations a'readymade, andtothe repeatedexpression of the sincere regret of Her Majesty's Government, if, contrary to theirintentions and to their reiterated directions, there has been any infringement of the laws of the United States. " The undersigned has now had the satisfaction of coaimunicating to the Government of the United States the statements and declarations of Her Majesty's Minister at Washington, and of Her Majesty's consuls at Cincinnati, Philadelphia, and New York, as to the conduct imputed to them. " The Government of the United States had been led to suppose that the law and the sovereign rights of the United States had not been respected by Her Majesty's Government, and, relyingupon evidence deemed to betrostworthy, they believed that that law and those rights had been infringed by British agents. If such had been the case, the Government of the United States would have been entitled to demand, and Her Majesty's Government would not have hesitated to afford, the most ample satisfaction, for no discredit can attach to the frank admission and complete repa- ration of an unquestionablevrong Her Majesty s Government, however, unequivocally discainm any intention either to infringe the law, or to disregard tho policy, or not to respect the sovereign rights of the United States, and the Government of the United States will now, for the first time, learn that Her Majesty's Minister at Washington, and Her Majesty's consuls at New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnats, solemnly affirm that they have not committed any of the acts that have been imputed to them. The Government of the United States will now, also for the first time, have an opportunity of weighing the declarations of four gentlemen of uninspeached honour and integrity against evidence upon which no reliance ought to be placed. The undersigned cannot but express the earnest hope of Her Majesty's Government that these explanations and assurances may prove satisfactory to the Government of the United States, and effectually remove any misapprehension which may have hitherto existed; and he cannot doubt that such a result wil afford as much pleasure to the Government of the United States as to that of Her Mtajesty, by putting an end to a differencewwhich has been deeply regretted y Her Majesty's Government; for there are no two ceountries which are bound by stronger ties or by higher considerations than the United States and Great Britain to maintain unbroken the relations of perfect cordiality and friendship. -The undersigned, &c. ' D I I
CPrIEAN GASTRONOMfY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES, Sir,-Having been requested by his Excellency General Sir William Codrington to superintend the grand diei2ner offered by his Excellency to Generals Liiders, Paissier, La Marniora, &c., on occasion of the review of the alied armies on the 17th inst., I for that memorable event concocted the following formidable pikce de resistance, which was much relished by the illustrious guests, especially by General Liiders, to whom I had dedicated it. I herewith inclose a list of the different ingredients which composed it, thinking it may prove interesting to yourself as being nearly the closing feature of my mission, and having been so much encouraged in my arduous task byyour incesmantldndness. With the highest consideration, Believe me. dear Sir. vour verv obedient. A. SOYE Fourth Division, Cuimea, Soyer's Hnt, Cathcart's-hill, April 19. Soyer's Culinary Emblem of Peace, the MacMdine Ludersionne i la Alexander II. This monster dish was composed of-12 cases of preserved lobsters, 2 cases of preserved lampreys, 2 cases of preserved sardines, 1 bottle of preserved anchovies, 1 case of preserved caviar, 1 case of preserved sturgeon, 1 case of preservod tunny, 2 cases of preserved oysters, 21b. of fresh prawns 41b. of fresh turbot (clout6e), 12 Russian piclded cucumbers, 4 bottles of olives, 1 bottle of mixed pickles, 1 bottle of Indian picldes, 1 bottle of French beans, 2 bottles of mush. rooms, ? bottle of mIangoes, 2 bottles of truffles, .2 cases of peas, 2-cases of mixed preserved vegetables, 4 dozen of cabbage lettuces, and 100 eggs. The sauce was composed as follows:-6 bottles of salad oil, 1 tarrago vinegar, a tarragon Chili vinegar, 2 boxes of preserved cream (whipped), :llb. sugar, 6 eschalots, salt, cayenne pepper, mustard, (and toz. Oriental fine herbs, which are quite unknown in our English gardens. The whole was artistically dished up on one of the covers of M1r. Soyer's new field stoves, as now used by the troops, and which was taken off for the purpose, no dish sufficiently large being obtainable to contain the whole of this miscellaneous composition. This pyramidal dish was encircled with a wreath of olives, and surmounted by small flags of the assembled nations. A. SOYER.
DIRECT TELEGrA?PHiC COmaInCATioN BETwEEm LO.WDOw A2AND ST. PzTErSBURG.-Since the re-establishment of commerdal relations between Great Britain and Russia, the Electric and International Telegraph Company have received despatches direct from St. Petersburg, within a second of their leaving that capital; the length of wre being about 1,700 mles. The medium by which the messages were conveyed is the printing telegraph, and simultaneously with the necessary toucn of the finger on the instrument at Saint Petersburg the words indicated appear on a simnilar instrnment at the Lothbury or Strand stations in l.ondon. This is the greatest telegraphic feat yet achieved through the medium of the submaine wires, and indicates the prop.essive and rapid extension of instantaneous communmcaton. The direct transmission of messages between London and the other principal continental cities, is now a matter of daily occurrence. EmIGBATIOx- FEO5 LvmooL.-The total number of emigrants who have sailed from Liverpool for all foreign ports during the past month has been 13,759, being 2,114 less than in the corresponding month last year, and 14,174 less than in the same month of the year 1852, thus sho v that since that Period 1852) the emigrationfrom Liver= hias fallen off by one-half, 1Z500 have proceeded to the United States, S8to Canada, andthe remder, about70, to the Australian colonies. THE- LATE 3IR. GuTiE.-We ane requested to state that the late Mr. Guthrie has left a widow and an infant son. Mn. WHnsEsmues Bfovrow.-We are requested to state that the Hon. Francis Scott paired witlh M=r. J. A. Smith on the division on Mr. Whitesde's motion relative to ,Krs on the night of tho Ist inst.
COZLECIOZ0 OF WORKS OF ART OF THZ rAE SAMV'BL AOGERS. SIXTH DAYS SALF. The remaining portion of the ancient and modern paintings was disposed of on Saturday, nd realize eqully high prices. The great room of M1essrs. Christie and7M-m son, was again crowded by the nobility and gentry and by all the notedicture-deaiers in town. The following were No. 635.Jackson-portrait of Stothard, in profile-35 guineas. No.636. Sully (an American artist)-Head of the Queen, in a coronet of rlliants presentedto Mr. Rogers by the artss-22 guineas. No. 643. Bembrandt-Inerior, with the Virgin and St. Joseph seated, reading, the Infant lying in a cradle before them; mpall, poweflypaited-25 guineas No. 647. Hoogest-Interior of Delft Church, of rich architecture, with a group of peasants near the pulpit in the foreground; illuminated with brilliant effect of sunshine; dated 1651-31 guineas No. 64. Tiepolo-Tne nision of Pope Leo when saved from shipwvreck; the Deity, with angels bearing a cross,~ appearing to the Pope, who is kneeling on the seashore, a group of figures round him. A small finished study for an altarpiece-27 guineas No. 651. A. Durer-Jobn and Eubert Van 33yck; the former in a black dress and cap, with gold chain; the latter in a blue dress, edged with fur, and brown fur cap, seated at a table, reading a manuscript. A highly interesting speciman-Al guineas. No. 654. Bassano-The Virgin, with the Infant in glory, presenting a rosary to a Venetian lady; a Pope and Doge kneeling on the other side. ; painted with rich and powerful effect-29 guineas No. 657. F. SloThe Riposo, the Virgin, seated, with the Infant or her lap, before whom two angels are kneeling in adoration, St. Joseph, seated, reading behind themn, and a glory of caerabs above; woody landscape background; an elegant design-36 guineas. Nos 658 669. Stodhard-.The Triumph of Charles V., Victory holding a wreath before the King, who rides bareheaded on a white horse; a fine spechnen-29 guineas. The Birth of Narcissus-a group of five nymphs watcbing the flower; an elegant compositioa-77 guineas. The Sailor's returm- "Soon through the whitening surge he springs to land, "And clasps the maid he singled from the world." gerogs .Poemn. -26 guineas. The Tournament, from Chaucer's "lRose andleaf"-26 guineas The Children in the Wood-84 guineas. The Death of lphigenia, briMiantly coloured-26 guineas. Four of the Muses, in a landscape; the subject engraved in Alaric Watts's Poems-25 gumieas. Views from Salisbury Crags, looking over the Frith of Forth-16 guineas. Don Quixote's Installation in the Inn-yard-31 guineas. Don Quixote and Sancho Panza setting oul on their adventures-38 guineas. Don Quixote at the Ball22 guineas. Sancho Paua seated by the side of the Dcess-33 guineas. No. 670. G. Pouassin-a woody}landscape, with peasan\s reposmng near a stream; from the Colonna Palace, boSaght at Xome-166 guineas.' : No. 671. G. Poussin-a Classical landscape, with buildings, a flock of sheep near a pool of Water, and shepherds repesing; bought by Mr. Rogers of Mr. Lrvine, atome, 182Z2. From the Colonna Palace. The Companion-161 gauneas. NTo. 674. Watteau-a party of Cavaliers andLadies, seated on a bank, near a statue-140 guineas. No. 675. Domenichino-a Caricature of Hawking, a lawyer on a mule, with an own in his hand, in a landscape; from the Borghese Palace. A curious and interesting spe. cimen-41 guineas. No. 676. A Lady and Gentleman, and a group of Four Children, in a landscape; small-55 guineas. No. 677. Crespi-The School; an aged female instracting two girls in reading; others are working at a pillow and reading;* full of simuple and natural character-31 guineas. No. 6o78. A group of five peasant children; one of them in a red dress playing a violin, and another playing on a pie dmiral true to nature-51 guineas. N.679. Domenichino-Ihe Birdcatchers. NTymphs in a landscape catching varous birds, which have been drawn to a decoy beneath a tree; two nymphs dancing on the left near the hack of a rirer, and Cupid in a car at the foot; a rocky height in the background. From theBorghese Palace -120 guineas. No. 680. Fra Bartolomeo-St. MWatilda, an angel holdingo a book, and St. John the Evangelist, reading, an eagle athis feet. A pair of exquisite miniature worls-61 guineas. No. 681. Domenichino-The Infant Christ, in a looseblue drapery, seated on a bank, his right foot resting on the cross; at his side is a basket, contaiung the crown of thorns and other emblems of his passion, beantiful landscap back ground. A n exquite cabinet .specimnen-145'guni;eas. No. 683. Bronzino-Leonora di Toledo, second wife of Cosmo, Grand Duke of Tuscany, in a brown dress richly, ornamented with gold, and a pearl necklace. An admirable work, distinguished for the transparency and warmth of the flesh tones. Waagen-44 guineas. Nos. 684 and 685. Himmelinck-An Abbess presenting a Nun, who is kneeling in prayer before her; a castle ona height in the background. The Companion,-A Knight in a black dress and helmet, holding a spear and banner, standing behind a gentleman, who is kneeling in prayer. "Admirable little pictures"-170 guineas. No. 6S6. A. Mantegna-St. Michael, in armour, overcoming the Evil Spirit; and St. Apollonia, in a crimson dress. A pair of exquisite figures, in niches, brought from a shrine in Padua No. 688. F. iola-Uagar kneemig with her arms extended towards the ifant hImanel, who is lying down before her; she is lookingup to the angel who appears in a cloud above. From the IFor of Carysfort's collection-S2 guineas. No. 690. The Hidalgo, or country 'squire of Spain, in a yellow dress, smoking a pipe; full of character. From the Orleans Gallery-31 guineas. No. 691. Snyders- Larder, with aboar's head, peacock, hare, lobster, dead birds, and vegetables on a table; an admirable example-40A guineas. No. 693. Velasquez~Philip IV. of Spain, in ablack dress, hat and feathers, on abay charger inna landscape; he holds a baton in his hand. A fuinished study, full of spirit and character-205 guineas. No.694. Gainsborough.-Anopenlandscape,with peasants in a cart crossing a rapid stream near a group oftrees; a peasant, with a horse, in the foreground. From the Mar. chionessThomond's collection; a charming small specimen -250 guineas. 2No. ;695. Sir Joshua Reynolds-The SleepingGirL This powerfully painted work, described by Northcote as one of hisrichest performances, was exhibited in 1787, when Xorthcote, speaking of Opie and himself, said, "W Wefound great difflculty in pflacing it, being sopowerful in its effect, that it seemedto annihilate every picture near it"-150 guineas. No. 694. Gainsborough-A Rustic Landscape, with a cottage on a bank near a stream, which cattle and sheep are about to pass, and at which a man is watering his horse; brilliant in tone-120 guineas. No. 699. Giorgione-The Riposo; the Virgin seated, suckling the Infant, at the foot of a column, St. Joseph mnlading the ass; a palace at the edge of a lake in the distance-70 guineas. No. 700. G. Bassano-The Adoration of the Magi, suppsed to contain portraits of the Emperor Charles V. and brother, the of the Romans. One is kneeling and kissing the foot of the Infant, who is in the lap of the Virgin, under a rustic building; others are just alighted from their horses, and preparing their gifts; they are followed by attendants and camels; the white horse in the centre has a luminous and striking effect. This grand work is from President West's cellection, and, according to Leslie, is ascribed to Titian, rather than Bassano-130 guineas. No. 70L The Riposo; the Virgin, in a crimson dress and green drapery, seated, holding a book on a stone pedestal, St. Anne, in a white mantle, behind her ; St. Joseph raising the infant with both hands from a cradle, on which he stands; a rocky bay scene, with buildings, in the back. ground, full of grand and dignified character-560 guineas. No, 702. Sir Joshua Reynolds-Prospect from his window on Richmond-hill, looking over thce Thamies, Marbleball, and Pope's Viila; a group of cattle and sheep in the foreground; one of his happiest productions in this style. Fromthe Marchioness of ThQomond's collection-430 guineas. No. 703. A Turk enjoying his siesta; a lone pipe in his lap, and crimson drapery suspended at his side. A broad shadow falls on the upper part of the figure with fine effec280 guineas. No. 704. Wilson-the Ruins of Adrian's lilla, with two figures and open background; a picture of the highest qualty-135 guineas. No. 705. The Ruins of M-ecenas' Villa, with groups of figures. TheComTanion-130 guineas. No. 706. Sir Josh us Reynolds-Cupid and Psyche. She is holding a lamp, and leaning over the youthful god, who is sleeping on a couch; landscape background. One of the mostbeautifulofhisfancysubjects-400guineas. Radelyffe. No. 708. Van de Velde-a sea piece, with two Dutch galUeots under sail in a strong breeze; two vessels lying at anchor in the distance. A broad gleam of light falls upon the principal object with great effect-92 nnineas N!o. 709. G. Bassano-The Good Samaritan, in a crimson dress, raising the wounded Jew in order to place him on his mule, which stands by; a silver bottle of wine and two dogs in the foregound; the Levite seen in the open landscape distance. This noble study of colouring. full of dignity and feeling, is from Sir Joshua Reynolds's collection, who kept it always hangng in his studio-230 guineas. No. 710. Don Balthazr son of Charles IV., of Spain, in a black and white dress, with crimson scarl, on a black charger, in the Tennis-court, at Madrid; a cavalier, at- teneed. by a pae, and other figures around;- the Royal mews in the background. This noble worL-the gemof this day's sale-was purchased for Mr. Rogers by Mr. Wood. burn, at the recommendationof SirDavid Wilkie-1,210 guineas. Morson. No.711. N. Poussin-The Campagna of Rome; a grand composition of broken rocky scenery ; a convent in a ravine at the foot of the mountainous bacLkground; a peasant and famnily resting on a bank beneath a group of trees- a stream of water on the left; a highly important work-O50 gineas. No. 712. Wilson-an Italan landscape, with group of cattle and peasants on the bank of a river, in which vesseLs and boats are lying and landing fish ; painted with wonderful transparency and brilliancy-195 guineas No. 734. Sir -Joshua Reynolds-Puck, or Robin Goodfellow; Titania and Bottom seen in the background,- "Through the forest have I gone, "But Athenians found I none, "On whose eyes I might approve, " This flower's force in stirring love." This is perhaps one of the most popular works of our great 3nghish mater-.0guineas. Etarl iFitzwfiliam saidto be the Purchaser. No. 715. Mumlo-The Infant Saviour, holding the sphere, appearing to St.Francis, who:kneels before a table, on which is a boolk A perfect specinen of this great master, of cabi. net size-230 guiness. No. 716. P. Veronese-MAry Magdalen anointing the Saviour's feet; He is seated, surrounded by Simon and other figures, under a portico of Corinthian columns. This noble work is from the collection of' Mr. H. Hope-38 guineas. No. 717. Rubens-The Waggon Landscape; a scene among Flemish mesdows, interspersed with groups cf trees; coloured with magical effect of everig son. This very perfect -ork is from the M1arquis of Cs2mden's collec-_ tion-69D giueas. No 719. embrandt-Portrait of the artist, in a Crmson dress and brown cloak, edged with fur. Re wears a je suiended fronm a gold chain, and a black cap. This noble, wokr, of the very highest quality, is from the EArl of C&rYs. fort's collection-310 guineas. No. 720. Tiutoretto-The Miracle of St. Miark. The beautifully finished Eketchforthe greatpicture, 14Mirafeol, del Servo," in. the Museum at Yenice. It was formerly at Carltor.-houe-410 guineas. No. 722. 3\frilo.-St. Joseph embracing the Infnt5 who stadcs by his side. An exquisite cabinet gem, from the collection of Mr.E i. ope-20guineas. 'e No. 723. Teniers.-The Enchantress quitting the Tn. fernalilegions. She is emerging from a cavern, guardedby Cerberus; numerous grotesue figures around her. l ron, the Mrchioness of Thomond s collection-300 guineas. No. 724. hL Di Ferrara-Christ among the Doctors in the Temple,discovered by Mary and Josephi; IHe is seated ow a pedestal surrounded by the 31abbisin dignified attitude - child, an owl, and a monkey in the foreground. This pic. ture isnmentioned by I;mnzi a95 replica of a ok in the Church of St. rancesco in Bologna-500 guineas. NSo. 725. Titian-La Gloria di Titiano- a fiished sketch for the celebrated worn "The Apotheosls of Charles V.- and " 11 Paradiso," now in the M see de San Fernando, bhut which, when painted, owing its origin to a dream of Charles, was designed for the Convent de St. Juste, in whioh h; ended his days. This picture was held up before the King on his deathbed. After his death it was removed, by com. mand of Philip IL, to the Escurial-270 guineas. No. 726. Rubens-The Triumph of Julius Cesar, aranl compositionof numerousfiguresbeneath a bank, surmounte4 [ by a temple. lubeus hinmself set much value upon it, as it was among his effects at his death. This highly important w vork is from the Balbi Palace, at Genoa-1,050 guineas. N lo. 727. 2Raffaelle-The Madonna embracing the nat. This charming work has been transferred from panel to canvas Dr. Waagen assigns it to an earlyperiod of Raf. faelle,s residence zt Rome-4S0 guineas. No. 728. Rubens-The Battle between Constantine anl Maxentius. One of the series of 12 sketches, from the history of Constantine, which were formerly in the Orleans Gallery, designed by inbens for the tapesty manufacture at Mortlake. This noble study formed part of Lord Ranelagh's collection-260 guineas No 2.Crreggio-The Virgin, looking down in adoration at the Iufant, wshom she holds in her lap, St. Joseph; seated at her side. This exquisite work is from the Orleans; Gallery-lAO guineas. NTo. 730. A.CarraLcc-The Coronation of the Virgn b- Ithe Triniity - a group of noble figures seated on the clouds I on either sid'e, and s naller figures in the centre beneath This noble work was formerly in the PamphiLi Palace at. Rome-400 guineas Total proceeds of the sixth day's sale, upwards o£' 15,0001. ______ ______
SAtLES BY AUCTION. Notice.-The Collection no the late Sam_ lRogers, Esq. M%jfESSRS. CHRISTIE and IANSON respectfully give notice, that the following is tOo ORDER oi SALE at their g reatBRoom, ICing-street. St. James's. for the present week:- Mfonday.-Modemn Sculpture. objects of art and virta. Tlesday.-Drawings by old masters. an i illuminated miniatures and missals. Wednesday.-Dravwings and Pictures by StothardL Thursday.-Drawings by Flaxman and other English artists. Friday.-Engradnngs. Saturday.-Rogers's Works, copies and plates. To Ltiendraper. Si-emersers, Hosiers. &c. lIr. WALTER BURTON Will SELL by AUCM rTION, at his Rooms, 3. lroadway. Ludgate-hill on Thursday. Mlay S. at 11 precisel,v. the STOCK of Afr. J. Rowe, 'Mile-end-road, LINENDRABAE2, bMeecr. &c., comprising the usual goods. in firstrate condition. On Yiew Wednesday prior, from 10 til 4, when catalogues may be had. First-classWines. LR. IE T D is instructed to SELL by O v s A0TI N. at the Masrt, on Thurs-day, MIfay S, at 1 precisely, a CELLAR of Srne WIN E, the property of a gesitlemuan deceneed;. comprising l00 dozen Sine Sherry. 200 do. Fort, 00 do. in pints, 30 do. Champagne, 20 ease of pale and brown brandy. The wvhole will be acid v;ith. out the least reserre. May bc tasted on rooming of sale. Sample hottles hadl of the auactioneer, Peerless-place. Cit,v-road. In the CommonLPleas: "Arthur Bellairs Harries, plaintiff, and Wlliam Griffths, defendant." MR R. EDWD. LIUILMEY lSEL by AUCTION, S rYat Garraway's. TCHIS DAY, fay 5, at 12fer i by order of the Sheriff of o iddlesex, the CHATTEL INTEREST o b the sabvenamed defendant in and to the faat-ailing SCHOO0R MAO- now lying at the East Quay Basin. London Docks, where she may be eecn, ull particulars and conditions of sale may be had on board; at Gamaway's; and atil1r. Lumley'soflice, 67, Chancery-lane Cannon-street weat la fewyards out of)-Newbuilt PremL'es,leld at a grnd rent of 423 for 90 years.-By Mrr. MASON, on Monday, June 9. at the BMart. by order of the Mortgagee3, A Substantial House, comprisingr five floors, besides basement, erected by the late occupier, Josiah .TosephHatch, a bankrupt, within the last seven years. desirably tate, and being No.31, Frida-street, writh pos.ession, Particulas of Mewrs. Walters and Son, solicitors. 35, Basieghall-etreet; of Mr. Freeman, 11, Buck. lersbury; and of the auctioneer, 8, Urnion-court, Broad-street. Excellent modern Household Furniture, Pianofortes, Law Books, and Effects. MESSRS. SPILLMAN and SPENCE will SELL by AUCTION, at the Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street, on Thursday, may 8. at 11 for 12, a large ASSEMIBLAGE of superior and elegant HOUSEHOLD FTURNITURE and EFFECTS,for chambers, drawing. and dining rooms, librarie-, and domestic offices, removed from the Regent's-park, Grayas-in, and the AdelpliL On view one day prior. and catalogues had at the Rooms, and at the auctioneers offoes, 42, Bell-yard. Temple-bar. Seotch Pine Trees. PLUAIMER and SON will SELL by AUCTION, on z the spot, on Thursday, Mray 15. to :commence at I for 2, 7,783 SCOTCH PIh'E TREES, fit for boards, plates, sleepers, fencing, barin3, &c., cut and lying in S5 very convenient lots, beside the roads In the Scotch Plantation. on the H;oimbuish Estate, at Colgate. in the parish of Lower Beeding. Sueax. close to tbe road from Peas Pottage to Horsham. and about one mile from the Fay-gate Station on the HormhamBrauchRailway. John Sharman,atHolmbush-Park,wllshow the lots. Cataloguew may be had of the auctioneers, Horshban. Desirable Leasehold In-restments, on the Marquis of Westmiuster's REstate, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square.-By Mr. LAME , at the ihrart, on Monday, June 2, at 12 for 1, in three lots, by order of the Executors capital Houses, producing £860 per annum, F asvf< E,.m:-Tot 1. h'o. 3, producing a2n0 pex annum ; and No. 4, producing £180 per nnaum-total £430 per annum; - in both cases considerable premiums have been paid for the leases, held under the hIarquis of Westminster, 27 years unexpired, at £26 per annum. Lot 2. No. 125. producing £120 per annum: No. 127. producing £150 per annum-total £2701 per annum held as above, at £40 per annum, The value of No. 126 iS p160 perannum, and £200 remium was paidfor the lease of No. 127. LtSt. Not 3. No. 129. producing £160 per annum. alo held as above £20 per annum. No, 126 may be viewed on application; the other homaesif and-when convenient to the tenants. Particulara to be had (14 days prior at the rart; of M1r. Geo. Corpe, solicitor. 3. LIncoln's-iunnfields ; and at hlr. 1ahee' offlces. 65. New Bond-st. Long Leasehold Estates. Lo_sneas-heath, Erith, Rent, within 10 rrminutes' valk of the Abbey-wood Station, near to Belvidere-park and the new church. 1MrR. T. DAxNN %ill SELL by AUCTION, at the N RAAAuction Mart, onThursday. 'bay 22, at 3 (unless previously disposed of by private contract), TWO substantially-built semi-detached VILLAS, of neat elevation, in a healthy locahty and aLu exceedingly improving neighbourhood, each containing a handsome entrance ball, dining and breakiast rooms, and larze drawing room, four capital bed rooms, iitchen, anI back kitchen. The property is enclosed with a neat iron railing, a short remnove from the high road, and a capital rden inthe rear. at the estimated TalUe of £45 per annum each: Md for a term oF 99 years, at a small ground rent; two neat Cottage Residences, at Beadon-well, Erith, each contsining entrance ball, parlour, kitchen. back kitchen, and three good bod rooms. ftted up with every conveniencet and at the estimated rent of £20 per annum eachheld for an unexpired term of 99 years. May be viewed on applicEUion to Mr. Button, Beaden-weUl, neerErith. Particsulass snajbe had seven days prior to the sal lof Mr. C. Beadle, houso agent, x-rth; at the princPipa tans in the neighbourhood: of Mer. Crosley and Burn, soliitr 38, Lombard-street: Meas. R 1oberta ard ERoby. auctioneer and surveyors. Moorgte.reet the Auction Mart, Londo;ad of tbe austleeee 3exlet, sct. Va nable and ehoicel.ibarg ofBooka caatngo about!',00 ime embcacing Veyages and Travals, HIdo, ~~ ~ Moamgtce Bellieso lettres. Get,nAoOrot, and W ture, Persian, TnrkWs, and Arable MacriuptF. te-, fromthelibre. rces of the Duke ofI Sussex, Lord Guildford. Sir Mark fykes~, Mr. Hatirattl and otbema ESSR. FREBOTHIP,CLARK, and LYE AI VOELT4 DM th TZOSSM RD,1111`6prk. LeatherMbhoad. Surrey. To-morrow. MHay 6. and two following days xt 12 foer 1 Tahdy aluable' LIBP.ARY of about 5000D vola. Among tba octawog i be found the Annual Register. 67 vola.;- Asiatic Jouranal, 12 vola. - Journal As-Zatique, 47-rol'e.; Anettoes Clasecl cum not.var., Valpy. 160 Tols. ;the Bridgewster Treatises. 16 vroLe.; Chalmmaoa Biagaphical Dic-tionary, 32 voLe.; Dibdinls Works;, anoet7p on large paper; Frojsats and MoarltsChronioles, 24 vols.: GeotieiRun's )&agazine. 122 'rols.; Heeren'?s Historical Researcbes and other Werks, 9 TroI&: HP-Me and SmaoUltWa History of :Ezngland, 13 To's.: Ireland's. Thumes, Avon. and other Works, 9vols.:, Lowadarl Bitalograp-ber's Manual, large paper, l u,4vl. 1ondon' arees itgnn, dother works, 10 1.oh: Par kyn's3onaticReain, 2vol.;QuarterlyRIeview,99T Ole.: ShaW-e zQOlogy, 28 'ols. Quam-os:-Ardueologia. 28 vels.L;Eible andCoDmmon Prayer, by D'O3yland Hunt. 4vol. ; Buckland's Rellri I DlUia Brayley's History of Surey 10 rafts; Cicero Officlaet= radoal479_;' Clarlke's Travels. 7Tvle. ;Cook's Voyage.M IDOY61& ; Dibdia's Bibliothesa Sc,enoeriana, 4 vols. sand Supplemetit; EdeS Altirorpiana, 2 vola., large D; on Quixote, Mdadrid. 4 vols.; LEvelyn's Mernobrs, 2 v-ols.:' 'sAntiutie% 14 voLs;- Sir William Jones's Works and fLVe, 7 'ols.; Mtoor's 'Hindu Infanticie;parkinson's Organic Remains, s vollt. ; Pennant's Topogra&hiel Works, 25 ToIe.; Roeee Cyclopeadia, 45 i-Ole.:Stratt's Ecclesiastical Antiquities Dresses, anaother Works:AntonY k Woodl's Atntiquities of Oxford. by Gutch, with addfitions and illustrations,2 vol., kc. Follos:-A ie,N'sV-iewsinlEg-pt,by Mayer; Arilsthnis Conaedireeditio -rnes Aldus, 1460; 1:ranidt' Ship of Forols, in Terse, by Ia=la 1'50' Dowel'View in Grec; D'Ohseom TaLbleau GidnC-ral de M'm~ire OSoman, S YOlU-; Froisears Chronicle, 2vTOls in 1, printed by Pyrson, I1525: Galdrie de Florence 4 i-ols.; GonZgh'S SePulchral Monuments ; Holinshecrs Chronicles, 3 'rolr.. 1536 KlOg's Muni Menta Anticgua, 4 TrOIL. ; anning and Bray's History of Surrey., vio's.; Meyrnek' Ancient Armour, 5 vol.-; 1erchas' Pilgrimiea, S'rTCe-, old ruseia. 'oe comy; Shakespearels Works. Bloydenl's edition. 9 rol&L; Sydey's Sta~te Paperes a nd others, all in a choice state and many on lre paper and superbly bound. A manuscript roll 45 feet bog, with exquisite -b tiatc'-' King Charles the First'58OPy of Enock and Daniel's Bible, kc. May be Tiewed on Saturdy a,onday preceding tire Wae, and catalogues had cm the premises; at the S wan Ho tel, Leatherb ead:- the Eagle Hotel, Elpeom ; thea Sun HOte. Kingston; of S. P. B. Hook, 3Eeq., 9, Linoaolu's-inn-felds : aned at the offices of _MesErs. Fzarebrother Clark, and Lye, LancasterPlace. Note.-Randall's-wark a about four milles from the Epeom SI!aUm an ut-he London. Croydou and Lpeoma Railway; aUS-*s-p1y, nsear Leatherhead. Surrey.-Household Furniture, erasE Collectiou of Pictures andL numerous Effecta, 1~SR-S. FAF.EBROTHEE-, CILARK, anid LYE W `E hve received instructionrs to SELL, on the Premises, as above On Friday. May 9th, and following day. rat 12 each da2y, the HOUSEHOLD ICURNITURlE ; comcprising mahoganyfour-post andiron bedsteads and bedding, marble-top washetands, wardrobes and chests of &rawers, cheval and dreadog glss rosewood loo,kasrd. and occaaicnl tawes, couces, sofaa, and chars ecosobo tables. chimney and pier glase of large dimensions, mahogany eSnlng tables aind chairs book-. cases, suites of cartains, Brussels carpets. several valuable Frenca anid otherolocks by Goret, Tompion., Gaimnaldi, and Johinson, &c.. afew brotizes,old Dreaden -rrseand fig-ures, ersion arrour,weapons, casl;et. xiddddrawings, meerschauxm pipes, aud ormamental items ;a collection of 1re,arcl:dig specimens of Breelencmp, Celvert. Herring, La Mins je, Feh.Powell, Enyeaeal Slingelandt, Terbuaz Tows,, Van worrll, Webeter. a be-autiul specimen byv Patrick Naysith a iewon he oubilg Ited,and another spociren by thesam mater on-rst f Kng hares . few drawings, kc.: two ironrepsitrie. adyatou oter ffets.Maybe viewed the day precedig ad mrnin ofsal. Caaloueshadon the premiSe; ait the Swa In, eaterhad th EaleHotl,Epem; the Sun Hotel, Kington of t. . B Hoo. Eq, olictor L,necs-inn-11deld; andat he ffies f Msss. areroter,Clak,and Mye, Lancoaster- To Bulldes and others.-Kensington-park, c3y tigucus to Kenainulon- gardens, the Psrkst. &. MIR. D. A. R-AMSAY will SELL byAUCTION ait iYLthe MAT-A THIS DAY. May 5, at 12.in two lots. q orderoW the Morgage,undr fllpowrs of sale, a very eligible LEA-554HOLD ISiTATE compriingve private reeidenoes (enearly finished), of a unifrm ad nat eevaton,agreeably situate, and being -Nos. 8, 1s. 12. 14, nd 6, Prtlnd-eadneth immdiaelyin the Tear of ClaLrendoaroad th prncial horoghfre hrogh inremuh aamired and tastefull arangd Kesintonpar. Whn cmpltedand finished the ~rroertisetimaedt prduc £16 pe anum,which in held on Westbourne-rve lijrR D. A. RA-MSA ilSL yACIN -t _the Hart,THISDA,t.at,i3o.byrefhefrgages, a very des~irable LAEODETT,cmrsn he dwelling-houses. shope, and pess,advanasgob-adcm n- inglY situate inthis rapidlyf ~imprving aeghorodben s.222 and 23, WeRtern-terrace, Westbourne-grore. a, ae.N.2 si the ccuatio ofa hihlyreepctale tnan, bu Bb. 21 and 23 are atpsseutnhan, ad whn se thewho e i etimated toprocluce LEOperannm, el oan leasesforlung seem at lW gonrns ?posteth proprty;o T eorgeT Cordf l FSr., solcitr2 , a OL CYollege. nsssofTJ.Bolto, Fe., 3 esten-trrae, Wesbomanes-griet 79, King William-street, city.teet To Builers an ot ukrnptcy.-Plank yeals Bat300. dFneranl,RD. A. RAMSAY hill SeLLve bystructions,ro atMYr.W themarto THSLb DAY,MayO5. at Ir2, atePwLaCY ofASdNovember 9h, 1347. n the lif of atr.2Lonard c (tomn lawe tad- toe,Chatncent-lanershois own t heX5- 160thd year fik ae Annu eal prmu,£0D . A, d.SA Paric ll mayLb bad of UinCSel,OeN, oXFFicialTasignee C oemnr SHREe-udm ciy of A. A. th ones, foeslee.,5d soicto~nr,.alifty-court, Chanc)ery-lange:Tat leothedMrt o nd eofMr imeniemyb otne M.D. A.. Ramsay, auctioneer and ett gn,7,Kn ila-tet esty. et 9 Kn ihri--et iy ToButoildurey-ersadond ersd-l.Os Planki o Dhea, FrehatEltenss iof Plank small J.antit oftIronmonEry. c MR. W). A.UTC-HSA has bencrecei ed in bycin thoe M Mr.uW.Simsto SELLby AUCTION, ,attheIrogte-whiay. uned tree6th, Paddito. on Wetsh, a .at welkon2RrRY o'alocd Chea covertad vanoeshe made,onute.S 70niees, ofuae Dout mELLwa PewenE (hSaganad 206on yellow batten -planil.a 1at0 platnk deals and battens knowd pie) 1,10 white, bittensg (gatenber- a wellaIrqantity oefirenc amongead. aonin. effects.dMaysb vieepal Cotwoge days priorutoite galde, and catalges obptaione of r. Palmeri, incudig solicior.ab3. Georgestret ustbigon-e8uarse; ndo lMer. D.f A. Iahly, aluctio lneer, 9,ing, Cat ontinmgenitue baying onito nding fr.Sd ankae, u onnuit boes. aie to the Hart,tin Jutine net alogres laboratGENT RE dErSmisest ONEnUtHad SAre.TbortSHAREofr ande o int-ultyeSof£0 Land. d T Ree peWCn. HakUnuTiHEs, hstad ien theenameof the Acut an-Enemralof theCouteofWh.ncry,sadreceiv., eon th decAse10 of a lay nw inher yer. Prthr paticlarwillehotilappar andth in mentimemayb obtaned f Mr.D. A aisayd, andcger andr;iti estate ageet, 79. King William-stveet,acity. late . H.Sinb samEeq. ol5mlsfo M R. W. BUTCHER Iras beny dientlemndebyths T retnaus aoiswtestS Lbyas,,uCTon.asmthesMar~-t,honFrduay.Jne altoethr abut 5 aces,situte boutmid alubetweseniChbaouan Sutton; alo a well-paced villaat Sutton. near theGren,now ra med W; the Uell-now rains efavouredmenthea instmetiows, in the ELL ouptio 'hf Mart. oajn, Fincl udng 6 at1 cofrabl that andh tadmirgforanh valuabafieetrATtofahiEhellvaluabuerlanddedjgnaeBsthge comprisingl, upwardsn of 10hacrsa aanirale sprotely fohichdingluepsea suptior ofeagitdene, wihavtng ecmmandingafrentgs, anodutv onlybout an twolexfromn theSutonwstai: alkse gares labiouvrateory,and pftremies in thes ocuationgtrpi of DrW ruerh. the seeal propverties omayt beo variegwed by menossio ofthne traenaints14daygsmpreviou tlou thmale nSun days exceptedg scetiensbart with pelabns, may belObtained atfthefsame tidmeupnaplicagtion aiththehiGhyremhoud. roydn:hie Hswnasrt,meEel. gatre;m Grfwatn, KingstUof ;e Spin Hoeal. 10el; at thmryound santda Cock Imnns at Sutontain the qartinfchoke ayad,Newi ithon-agstwableo weses organ,se solicitors,ar5, Old numer-chabrsing atfth Auinor Mharate; adf Mr.iWk-buit ctaer, esntate, ngEpoom ros. n gx The ahlosfthad, iuavy-ting PPerr acmries of bDurt-qnaite Laud.,an Mihn U of.the tUwCHy htason bhepenmirectedy be Thewe 14 xecsviustiof the slae WSunda. ersweleeped, boELyAU(isio frItNe teant,th artxal.o Fartda,cuners, ath 12.nsa emil, copat randy attre acive PROPeRTnmy;b consistingeo abouth3e acresg HoftheE U (richest ladin th admi rabyhplacd, arodoinin Atiheomai turinptoikeroad, hain att met com inanding andhetensBroughtontagedt hthe. samGe,aoly5 Mrlesoromgh strndon and thre from Bther esutotatioagn., Tpoanygnlemndru oFerecting Zavlato, hison thParUste, uponchuremi estate ghr, wtunlatng andErodutiv lEAnD,EnahgLy repetal aONd sialubriosceighbour0hood,yo this roeat 12 is tremene aos, desrvn especial attYEntio. knwnay Brieweds 14dashrevioues tromth sale;rd andth pareuticr,wt plansa, mayd beo obtsfrmainedm atnthe htHrHtLondtegat, Gibreyhound, Croydon,d IZUand uttn; olpack, sbsantiadl SpringbuI Hoeliec, Ewell suitableokt-buewingtan-cargeway;eatthe gauctin, Mhiart:ofrH. S. Tnrcaylo, and, surolicitor Gry'sin London;and of Mspr.oraWbl Buther estatue laent, Epon m,eysbsi;as teaiiigfr,) na Sk.S. p farabe la-Y irthcla Freould cnvetmge, ant.n he; ir, R.Hus,wt homBUCHERn is faOuredp.o wrdcith insructioans lk t Sin,a the ocuartion ofria. Junes Ree, at 1a yeal rehat much ad3iesrcll otrleand valableESAT, atowlic intSrre. d9 oemagnatredt sath thwerA,Mllonsisrti ng of thatrs imoranet property, which in-strcluds (1etwo luxuriantumados:likewise an Enadong water con-ml thf three storis, haing TreecpirefL frenh oleda. wefloerhtio wheel,rct.ion, diameter andropridetoalso th eLLb fitigsThrouhoutfo carry,ing lontmst, esv t radONT ELLE incldin thut Banddory mahopes with goglatuing screen,swhea andel bins,rand raluarge spaces ofr Soar land ma. togthewflcmrwite the higlytemneraive a sd waetll rasg ofnmnta bum ituganeary to contane50urtr of cah-orn, anyad, wxiethrnag swtabe a gcommhnuseg smallafarmyard,5andenumeros bulding of bitU minor he whoe of t iseinviting p aoert comprises-aout nine ares coand pation of Mr. Rut-c wv0 is under notice to quit at Mebselmas next. The bakery, with chops, ovens, fittings, kc. The mill, with machinery driving two pair of stones, and the premises at present used an tho manufactory for Cheltenham salts. Tihe fittings to the bths tlie 14-horse powr high-pressure engine, the evaporating pans, an(l all the machinery and fixtures in andabout the premises belonging to the vendors ill be included in the purchase. The remaiing luts ill consist of freehold and copyhold building land. conveniently divided for the erection of villas or other residences fronting the Malvem-road, close to Christ Church, and which wil be offered without restrictions asto building. Further particularl with oChdittonr of sale and litho graPhiC p lan, may be obtained (14 days prior to the sae) of S eLL J. C and H. Freesueld, solicitors. ees, V -brzldragse* and at tho Globe Insuranceoffice, Cornhill, Lwondon; o Messrs. Wh m terdOUtm aid BelL, Cheltenbamn at the place of sale;* and, o£ Mesars haidet and Sons, 25, Gresham-ntrewe, london. Walthandat, msara-Hongsehold Fsuriture, China, Glass, Linen, and Out-door Effets. foTei romwRSH has received instructions to SELI. by iTLUC XION, on the Premises, Marsh-street, Walthaga stow, on T onrSdaynextl Hayts. Mtllfor 12.tbout reserve, themoderntOU8m HOLD NUINIRM BE and EFFECTS; W omrSL in myaUogany ra bian, four-pst, and other bedsteods and hurgmgs, wool and hair ma t- trEE captal beds sd bedding, chests of draierst marbloa eon wstehstands, tcilet tables and glasses, shower beth, and the usual eeachamber appendages, a drawdng room suste in rosewood, consisting of centre table, ounch, easy andother chairs. cheffonier, as6 octave cabinet pianoforie in rosewood ease, lrussel carpets, &c., tw.-o seteof dining tables, couch, sideboard, chimney-glasses, cutains, fenders and fre irone xec. china end glass, bed and table linen, a green talldng parrot, kitchen requisites, garden roll1er and implements, greenhouse plants, 17 ead of poultry, and out-door effects. Mlay be viewred the day priorand mnorninlgof sale, and catalogues obtained at theresideace; eatthoinnsat walthanmatow: of A. T. Hewvitt, Esq., 6, lNitholas-lane, city; and at Ma. Mtarsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, He-msien-house, To Smcall Capitalists, Members of Building Societies, and others. T NORItLN and SON will SELLS bys AUCTION aF at the Bell Inn, HIounslow. on Thursday, Slay 15, at 4, l'lF FRUEEHOLD brick-built COTTAGES, w ith good gardens, in the occupbation of Mfr. .T. Howiand and Mr. Wetherly, at LIper an num each; and a piece of cdrounld adjo%inting,f0rtoanrtindg the Bath oad, situate 11 se:c. The pieoe of ground isinhand abndis well adapted for the enoction of oneoor two cottages. Pasticulars and conditions o' sale maya be had at the cottaes: of JI MIli, Eeq. 3a, Brnmswick -DIscs, City-road; at ile Dell El, onnlosr aDed of tbe auctineS d,Lttte DritWn, 1.- SydeaUm.n-Hoaoebold Fumniture, P asoforte-by Collard, and narlaiw MESSRS. H. BROWNi ane T. A. ROBERTS wil BELLl 1 A'UCTIONV, on tha Premises, close to the 3Baifwgy WAtiou,S&1denba. on Pridy. Mal.,% (the residence being let',) therseIngune OUSIOIZYURENIIUE - uoprisingmahoginyfourpDoet and ote bedsteads aud beddinC, ch=Dfcamwers, wash-tdad,, w3ad be.4Brcsse]sand other carpets,.iddeboDds, set offdining lablks, rDae~Vrod and other chaIrs window curtainzsou adornioca sofa,6 miarb:etop c~ovsole table, Aix-ctave cottawe pianoforte by CoilasS, a few doekie Otwine rnoqso plants, garden ipementa, tumbrel east, useful thoerr3 d Ofl-,and other tree (lyingin deaUinPeazgelane), aad Other lalacellaneoca effects, XMaybe viewed on Thursdaiy. and eata-L loguos had on the pre iSs,and of aMsss. H. Brown and T'. A.. Esberts, 22. ThroguortosA-sreet, ~E~SSC111hscm,-A. Le-asehold Invesulnent. Jj L"1R-H. BROWS and T. ,rA- ROBERTS mill ,T. SL by AUCTION, at the Wart, on Tuesday, May 13, aet 12. Worder Of the Vortgaee, a brick-built DWELLNG-HUOUSE, eInC Nso. 70. Mair-e0tmt contairung e!ght:rooms and other conrcr,lcnces. and good walled-in garden in the roar, let toD Mrs. D)ouslas Bros-u, a'h £32 per annum, und held for abo.ut 82 :Fears umexpired, aLt a -wou,l ret ofe £2s. d. per annum. hlnY be viewed and printed particulaLs had of XxrRobertRussell, solicitor. 20, Colemaw-street; and of Mevars EL Brown And T. A. Roberts, 22, Throgmourton-stree-, _W Old Kent-road.-A Long Leaehold E_tate. i SrSSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS will £Y ELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Tuesday.lMay 13 a112 inL one lot. byOrder of the Mortgagee. FOUR. brick-built DW 1i LLIKG. HO'USES, witP'lece of ground in tberea.r being Nos. 9to12,Harrey's Cottages, East-street, Coopers-rod. Old Kent-road. let to 1.eks. Romne, Roberts, Smith, and Wielle. aLt rents amounting to £0 p5 n -rum, and held for about Otyearsat e5 se.per anu]m. May beewedl,1~ ad printed'parteiniara had of jdmesr Pie,rey and Hawks, ThrLe ICrOwn-aouAre- Sonuthwark; and of ]Lessrs. H Brown rnd fT. A. loberta, 22, Thrormnorton.street. MEISSRS. H. BROWIN and T. A. ROBERTS wil SLb AUCTION. at the A-o Mart, on Tuesday a 1,a Jl, dciMn t lot, AOlptbrchbuLt DWEIMSNGpi-HOUEg ithoE grdemg, -ei in th rar T-plaeo. 20d tlom2sbncurytwret, unt lteae t. ndi S e-tree 00euMtorv ofMr owCae utholic Chpel, achbs containing for ; o(ans (OPr ndN.2 Xando~thert doivnieng, s, t let. Wood boots. makuer Calgo,Yu R wenewg,oue and ib,atrnsh abonting tos 13,l4 per annm. aybe ieed ndrinedpariclar bd Iatboue MAst of audo Mesrs.H. Bownand . A-Robrts,22,Thro ndron-lLstrce ME SSR. H. BOWN ad 'iX . ROBrni'u' snII SELL by ~AUCTION, atteAcinMs, on tcema~ the13h,f My.at12 'coc. i'lts byoric o the Mortgaee.U dSirables-rad LAngel-OL n Br_tA2e., SreespIaingLteaeexuni-ve- tpremie Vinlurla,eddn an ld Bfoomabte-mrke on lyears u o neud, inth lowe grtoundrn of LrSh1r0s Brtn per annmbu. o auatrr;o asadR. BRoIenTb¶y-ise inst thedOcuiton S fEL ebrs.UCT10sna an 18, Garaud ys-sr. Totnbniur-oyurt-roai,et to Meau t ex otenk el Staler, Rberta, an Glaufled; the whle prodeeingabfout £a3 tzr eo annum, andlielsi diect from he eof edor nu erlaious leasel, prin,ial forlopan, lteryms, ath ruD rentsvryng ofMrom G £5 t yea8 apt annumreta MayyOs bewd anvd Printed particular s brl ad t BofJitteesrODWhesd an Brker,ic olctr, a3at4r Cloak-lane aucind otf tser HenniBrown-row, A-RoerLnts, 2,Thxre-otnej-e,j No.iu1onMawbey -pl,c, Stoouth.LAmbath-uible urnitubod 'anid rent of Lt 10sEffectr AiR BRLA-NT wisntrcedt SELL by AUCTIN nt, TLLPeIONesat aboay's To-ohrow,dMayO, fy2 at 12, ahegenine Pl.,the Ay peceLDi IAndL ornSD.C,-dut xdbing ofsl.CtNousbd on t 1 4u park.~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~Ocptonoarcset lowgoun et of £5 10 s. per annum , ARE BRIANT wis iStcEdL to ASCTIbyAUCtIGar, LYLat ay'r,oaT's, onahuray. M'ayl2,.at 12eantexcelent eOllbuilt LON W LASEHOUSD anLd P ltE&SFhE'C situat-9a( eing S1. Joh's-oad Brxto: o te anua rano f £5;heldfrea othei bo-m 95 yars at grundrootof 5 ls, pr anum ayqxho dewed. and enkison,soisitor. 29 Lomard-tree, syo adator Zr ClBfrd'usauctin ofices Keningln-ro, Keninton-p row g.igt Abpouter Tu ,lap-hilrmou- O desn,irabl dexcellent Leasehbold Rsden-e AVi R. BRIANT il isELutel by AUtIOe axctoGrsmTY SELb UTO,a arway's. on Thursdlay. May22at2, ateaatIe.W~ecl lent EASEHLD DELLIN-HOUSS an SHOP, siuate ienso grocr an chesemoger;heldon lase or a o esdfored term of I years, at a low motelnut. May be viewed.Pitd atclashdc Tolicroers, Teoointshul.Geeaih and ote-aluMb. Briant' auction oteot, ofnningto-raePow,isesnuixgton-psl tnsl SokiTrleanHs lNewngtu-paoe Xeningon-oad-A aluable Leasehodl'ml Resience hed foan uexpcedtsm fo3 ers atloieablow ground rent of £8 lOs. per araimumnnum- AIR. BIANT i instrcted t SAlL by lt,aUG.th LEASEHOLD PAIILY RESIDENCE stuate andh bhein No. 1,, Newnstn-pace Knigto-rod, ow n te Ccuatalgeontofahepretabetnar,at £5p roannum; hel nles o a nc Tauaineprdtm ofRo 3 31 yonear,ctither loagond rtem-nto£4s pe .Reanm Ziopsn be oywe deun.-gtonro, Kennuresotn-pa, Hrke. Friue,adfct, Preisesa laelyc occupie asd ah oi-Bteso,and also aeas.ludGon PE BATE BROAD ivUSELL by AUCTION,atG.atL onahePreiss, b one Thurswgnm n oday. May22 t1,aneclet ESHL 12aunhlesstreet, ousbedih; and lofb iat Leseoldtracnd Rheubtntiof £4 lOs. pe anUm,_mplseUREd onth premisayes inptheea of the Storoc propraty hcoinpr leas cofetoraunexpred gurms of 29W oea, Chtcoagroe ren onthewhoe o £0 ls. er nnu, Myhe viueswed. Prne inn ad a M. riat' autin ffies Kndintonrow, mculds,ton- T~ Sop himeldr Danes Turnexieerm, Wofd Cuttars, atd othelogroun cent of £3 4s. per annum. ansitaeea UpenFor Tulse-hil, CaritHon-is et. onlaetWl.Te roan carpent, and baaouilder, at the princ' so n inaduthe rentg o £17ope annumf (whihlae wiinerlu shorveyoepre) amd Cendoater o 39yas, JchenloWgound.rentebof Proms. er annu. MayrbeLved tu, SndJnSnen EESolicior, D9 Lmand-stReet citynd atLMr Briant' AUCTIONofce, atteanMganrot, onTenndngton-ark. st12 y r holdFurntur, fo abolut sae, b orer of the ndTruste of the, Davis, 12. Bradley-terrace,dWandtwuuth-road 1I ETERN BHITEA will SELL by AUCTIOXN. as rabdve. TISDA, May 7,tIfo pntatl1y, abhe valabl LeAsE of fh lbsnabVe IPRELISH AE,, adNGIabGy adaptabl for aeveroyt roaDw i meyu Inise, eheldremises samod aroundy R ernnnms an. labesu thbee rxecentlyst SExpede onACIOq them.As,i loin, allth moduernfdtrs,fttn, Ily7 utensils, ande stoc, IntSenswithL tEuSTATEtilYorksetlfntreet teny e and2 pefeca,nOhed n vie.eatalges fon the pre-o misyeas, o at ar pepperm Broadws cit g-huctio n o 21and vautin offce, Poultry. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ nelale.Bihpsaa To Confectiner and Tomas.-InM Stratford,tc Ms= -hmsn 3 Croy- dn-Stoc. Fix , tur12,Uo'nlocko. eCrs uniue ndEfcr wiHBEnfia Lease and theoclld-establShedBamnCon s Tsl.thae Pnremss,hy Gaordae,Sraofth ALigne, on thonde Lay. May ' fo 1 unmlessfrevousrklydisposed,o byurvate utcrtjtheruoftanthour in radicompabe.frisdingconfetio erw,gm,esekantinal ols,ocolaty e, cwtooolan,mamaladexe,cnd.ivedopeel.rde, s the Ftuesy ade Playt, incladin copers, preservin copans, aoreng m and roof mwitds loadingappyrcounters, nhesso drawers, mandhthe floual shop fittewings two hrer,i Threec stiltedcrs, sprengtvrn, h=ns,ad vpmriousd effer,cotsaindn atl2 o',the Berlngearicna leas cofdithen Pemgisebus,w1t thore Goodwill ofnBunsing essay benn2 dewsed paaoguesro theg premises;eaof CIsas. tWe tbulrnse, am solictor s7,Dth'strhet, Londo-bwideh;and of thu tucrp tieneer. 2521'ouchisealdvathry.s AIR. GEO.F. CORBETT will SLPL' f;amCiyreie,e JNL o-morow (Tuelayl MyO, t I.on hel emle,netity tnd Nursey, Lwisbun. cpita LIM, Plae, sesi be, nd oIimr seTeralthousand po,unds, Tobe dewed till the sale, Particularelucd On the premises; at the Castle Tavern, Miark-lane ; at the auction, mart; of Messrs. Mc.Lood and Stennin, solicitors, London-street; and of Messrs. Fnuler and Horsey, 13, Billiter-street, city. Romaldidrk-, in. the-N-orth Riding of Yorkshire, and about eix miles north-west of Barnard Castlle.-By Mr. TARLN, on Thursday, the 8t15 day of Mlay next. all3 o'clock in the afte2moon, at the Rose and Crown Inn, at Romaldkirk, by order of the assignees of lAonard Addison, a bankrupt, excellent Residence, vith suitable out-buildings, A Nousishn of cowbyre and bayhouse, two wrell-bnuit coachhouses two tre-stalled mstabes. large granary, saddle ajanbamx'e rooms, &c.. situate in the vilLnge of Rtomaldlimk, in the NVorth Riding of Yorkshire, and about six miles from the flourishing market town of Barnad Castle, together with 15a. 2r. Op. of land adjoining. Tho residence which was erzected by tho late Mr. Leonard Addison, 25 yer ag,cntisDod cellaring, and on the ground floor A parlour. lO feetbyld feet diigroom, 21 feet by14 feet; draswinigroom,l12 feet by 14 feet 6 inches;- an excellent butler's Pantry, kitchen, andI scullery; and on the chamber ifloor there arc six bed rooms. The 'rei, w05 are substantially built of freestone, covered 'with Elate, Zyet well arrnged. Attached to the Premises amr two excellent pews, in thle front and second row of the gaUlley of Rtomaldikirk Clhurch, The land is rich grass, in a goodc slate3 of cultivation, and well fenced,' fliers are3 a number of beau'tiful forest trees, and a plantation, containin osi ash, sycamoere. Scotch and larch trees, and a, number of NJ srnabl shcrubs. 'Until recently there vwa a fish pond at the foot of tLe croft, behind the hiouse. and which may no replrtsd at aL ver trifling expense. A small stream nins through this; croft. The V3flags of Romalfikirk is onx the banks of the Tees, and in thie meot romanticpa,of North Riding. Itis principallybuilt round a erdanmt gre.The scenery in the neighbourhood is beautiful. A pack of hariers is kept in the village, the Baby foxhounds am only eight mantlE rivers Tees, Balder, and 'Lune are all witbiast-go mba, and aboundI with trout, The railway from Daslington to Barnrd CWztl will be opened in the course of the summer. Thetenure is custromary free. hold, under the M-anor of Romalfikirk and is mtTject to alord'S rent of 16s. Old.,s. 3d. coDat rent, and 4d. rent charge : and afdneof Oneysec' lord's rent on change of customary tenant, The house and Oust idid ings, with a portion of the land, are occupied -by M&r. Alisteon, andI the remindr f te andla n he ccpatonof Mr. Lind, asyearly
