DEATHElS. On the Ist Inst., at the Havannabr of yelow fever. aged 46, 1Francis legler, Eq., late of A6, Lime-street. and Euston-usquare. 4r othe 16th inst., at Bullivgten House, Eants, the Rer. David Cekerton, fermerlyof Emanuel College, Cambridge, aged 66. -On the 2Ut insto, at Elorence, whle on a risit to her son Henry B ahia Boberte, for man yeac an insabitantof Paddington, and widower the late Wlliam Roberts, E.t., of Brighthelatone, in her 63 year. -On the S'7 inst., at Marhuns. near Chnterbury. the residence of his ffater, Edward Long. Reel.. M.D., aged 25. late of Dowrlean M3arklet, eorftlkr, the eldest and much loved eon of Edward Lang. Req. On tho 24th inst., at her residence, Old Battery House, Brighton, demply regretted, MLr Johnson. in her 56th ye.qr Or, the 24th inst., at Upper Holoway, Ms Sarah Addington. agedS6. On the 24th inst., at Jersey, H Chilton, Esq., late of Whitby, Yorkshlir aged 60. On the 25th inst., at Sidnsouth, Fdward, eldest son of Edward Whitmnore, Req., of Montxgue-stree,t Russell-oquare, and Change-aley, Intthe 39th year of his age. On the 25th inst.. at Tracy Parkt Glucestershire, aged 77, General Sir Willam Gabriel Dary, C.B., }.C.EL, Colonel of the let Battalion 60th On the 25th inst. at 9, Regentsquvare, Landon, in his 78th year, Michacl la Beaiime, FE;., medical gaivanist to the Qlueen. On the 2th inst., in her lth year. Lonuia Harriet, yoiugeet cLaughter of Robert Recce. Rsq.. jtm., of St. 31ark's-crescent, Regent'-parkc and Barbadoes, West Indies. On the 26th inst., at llawklnkrst, Kent, in the 27th yearsof his age. Arthur Young, youngest son of the late Edward Young, Eq., of Ilail,hurst. On the 26th int., at the house of her-sou-In-law, SIr. 31 lteterneyer, Durkes Cottage, Birkenhecd, Mary, widow of the late Mr. J.encs Stonehouse, or London, aged 85. On the 2%th inst., only seven dlaysafter his arriva!. in theRipon, from the' REst, where he lha been enogaged as howpital dre,ser. John Alexander Fleuitt, in the 20th year of his age, eldest son of SIr. Fleev-itt, chymist, Birtningham. On the 2.7th inst., at trnswlekware. Brightoni, Harriet, relict of John Aspinall, ° R q., of Standen *all,in the county of Laucaster, in the-7Ist year of her ago. On the 27th inst. at Newholm, Lanarkshire, in the Md year of his 2ge.Charles Cusingham5 seq., of Newholm. W. S., formerly one of the arineipal cityclerls of Eldinbm,gh. On the 27th inst., at 6, Beaunmont-quare. SIle-end-road, Charlotte. widow of the Late Thonsas AUen. l-I.. surgeon, former4yof Glocester Villa. Horney-road, aged 56. deeply regretteeL On the 27th in-ct., at Liverpoel-terrme, Liverpoel-roaAl Islington. Zliabeth. eldest daughter of the late RE Emmett, of lPark-terrace, in her I7lti year. On the 25th inst., at the residence of his son John, No. 15, St. Angustis-roa,L Camden Ne w-town, Wr. John Abeolon, aged 731 On the 28th inst.. at 70, Gnildford-street, of bronchitis, M%lary Isabel, elder daughter of thelate Scrope Hutchinson, ES., MLD.. o D_onr.
SHE PEACE PARTY AT MANCHt2ERb. (Fr1Ow OUt OWN EXPORTER. MAN CHESTER, TUaSDAY, 3i4r. 2S. -The tumBenUe *or thiscity-the lRight EoDO T. 3Iinef Gibson arnd Mr. Bright-according to anuitl custom, mnef their constituents last night at a soir&e, in order to rend2i an account of their stevwardship for the past, and to explain the course which it is their intention to purgte in the ensuing session of Parliament. The meeting tool- ;lace in: the Corn-Exchange, which was adapted as well as Cancum. stances would permit, to the purpose to which it was te2apo; ' ily applied. The guests began to arrive at !i o'clock, and' ,n,'l G o'clocl4 when the building was completely crowded,' refre,h1ments were served. It was stated that abont L,OW tickets __er sold, and that it had been found necessary td refuse n umerous applicants in consequence of the limited accommod. ti°n which the building afforded Seats werew provided for 800 persons, and some of the front benches' were occupiea' by ladies. At 6 o'clock 3r. Gibson and Mr. Bright, accompanied by Mr. G. ilson the Chailman of the ate Anti-Corn law' League, Mr. Hey, nod, Pi.P., General T. P. Thompson, SirR. Armitage, I. ,JToseph Sturge, and some other gentleYam, appeared upon 3 platform which had been erected for tLe ortors of the eves Idng and their leading friends, and' wre'vroceied with lou.! and prolonged applause. 3Mr. G. W3orn ir. : called upon to preside. Tle CIrM21'11-, who \XTose amid much cheering, said, this-Meeting.-gzo assemble d for the purpose of acInowledg- ing'theremineet public sel 'vices of one hon. member, whco' was; "r;ht hlsr" by favon. of the Queen, and of another' gentlemairwlio'wa "right h 7n." by favour of the people.' (Chcess): ¶t[eg me=bers for Manchester were not of that' type-of relsimacetIres which, 'e remembered previousy to,: LhBeform6mllha wbh thought it' sufficient to expound their: poittical sertimen to their, onstituents once in seven yeazz; who-w1r-roird of never iiving a vote hostile to the Wint-Lry', 'wh scsrned to pursue the nmpatriotic curse of those sminent-rac. ft7we Liberal 1 arty who were so irneasonabltoastoy't4io'ssrpplies, and' ask for inquirybeforw voting-them ;.whnwofcru opposed to all measures of reform and'pro,-ress. viho'slppMorted war hec amss it raised the price' of corn; and'wlieurtliEetr wvas over r. wised the price of eorn byact'of'Prliaent.;vHic7tole aIlitt telandfrom thepoor people by tho Conimons. nclosure ct d year by year; whotightened: the. criminal code, and made more strictthe. game' laws;. who o'etained app isatxnents for their' sons in. the army, the' navy, or the church, andt who, haviDg. thus exerted. themselves fee the good of their country. f6r. the -wholoeof their natir --Z life, died at a, good green; old. age, and. were honourt d vith a public funeraL (Clieersand.laughtor.) Nor were *ii(ry of the clas. of men not altogether. remo-"ed from tha t; origeal type,. whiomlhe regretted to see some!fimes in our diy; 'who-'ererreturned,to 1arliiment pledapd to support i lIe-meat libea1 measurme,.and.who,fLhdingitemselves speedil3 -ni5fiseraVerminority. li that' Housevre ea.ily persuaded 11'sadjppt more' moderate views,.and'ended-.y becoming as cc isAplete. political had;s as ever' sat- in Parliament. (Hear, hear.) - Herejoioed that'thberepresentatives,of. this great ciCF. lelongd... to the' independent body of. men-in the House oiAlemmons.. who; amid: all the vacillationm and changes of :Mch'- we' were daily -witnesses, had adhered to a strict line ji. pplicy and a strdUt sense of' integrity. MJisguise the faz*- as -we would; it was.plamtbhat the people vere beconingev*ryday more and:more hieark-sick; of. the-old. political part--narnes (hear4 hear).;, and; thiiwar.once.settled, there ws net one of the old: parties in. the House stron enongh to main- tain. itself in power.. To, which of these pries,' then,. was that. party to which the nmcsbers for Manchester belonged to boe asked' to give their unqpalified support? (Hear. hear.) Hie contended that, on- every ground, they. shlould:persevere in the course they had adopted hitherto, and he pointed' to the- present meetin, as a- triinmphant refutation of 'what liad' been said aboutt their consequent lbss of popularity. (Cheers.) He believed: the next wouldhbeone of the most memorable sessions of Par-- liament we had' witnessed-for many sers. past, and it' was. earnestly desired.that iiith'e great dobates which wouldthen take place the representatives of M'anchester should: vbndi- - cate t ieirpast character-and'reputtiat.; and though.their.- constituents-could not ask them.to.moify one jot of their.- opinions to suit their convenience, they could, at all events,. extend their unswerving confidence and-support; and, what-. ever night be the course taken. at the next electibn, thedecision of 3Ianchester was mado. (Load'eheers.) M1r. 3iL GmsoN, having been.called'uponby the chairman, presented himself to the meetin-, and was received wmth rerteratedcheers. ele said-that, rAthough it was usual. upon sue occasions for- members of Parliianent to discourse generally upon public topics, to state their Political principles, and to explaiin the course they mieht have pursed,. and the votes they might have given since they had last addressed their constituents, yet, as he bad' nowfor 15 years enjoyedc the honour of being one of the. representatives for Manchester, he did- not think it was. necessary to occupytthe tiine oe the meeting by explaining his general views on political question. They dhad. ample means of' testing his opinions by the best of all criterions (cheers)-his conduct and his votes in Parliamient. lie believed tbhatthose votes had been in accordance with his. professions when he was- a candidate for their sn%au es- loud cheers), and his opinions were not only unchanged but the experience of- time had tended' to strengthen and confirm them. After observing that during the last session few opportunities had been afforded of supportingmeasures of domestic improvement or- lhich were calcnlated to ameliorate the condition of the people, he expressed his regret that the exigencies of a war expenditure had. induced the HOuSe of Commons. to talke a retrogaide step i, our commnercial policy, adverse to the inherests of commerce. and manufactures, and his. fear that' if the same expenditure were continued it would be necessary to reverse to. a great extent the free commercial policy 'which had of late years been pursued. He had taken great interest ib the measure passed last session for untaxing, to a certain extent, the press of this country. He had been asked theother day what good that measure had done, and had been. told by an eminent statesman that he thought the Government had been very weak in givin- up 250,000F. of annual revenue, when inconie was so much' wanted, by the repeal of the newspaper stamp. He (Mr. Gibson) replied that, at the commencement of the agitation for the repeal of the taxes on knowledge, three points were- proposed to bh carried-the repeal of the advertisement.' duty, the abolition of the newspaper stamp, and the total repeal of the duty upon paper. He believed that as.themneasure now st4od it had conferred considerable benefit upon the country, but it would not be compiete until the, Excise duty upon paper was totally abolished. The right: hon. gentleman then referred to the war, and said he had never taken the hobgoblin view of the question, for-he had never entertained any fear that the nations' of the West would be overrun by the nations of the East. He considered it far more probablethat the free opinions of the West would gradually pervade. the regions of the East than that the physical forme of theeast would put down the West. He believed that whenever. the Russians had come to the West it had been by the invi- tation of Western Powers, for both France and England' had, in days gone by, invoked the assistance of Russia. He did not believe that there was any danger oFRussia's turning the English out of India. Heexpressed his conviction that the aar would not: promote the liberty of any nation in Europe, butthat'; It would iuerely be the parent of armies and taxes. After. alluding to the peac conferences of the last summer, the. right hon. gentleman said he was perfectly satisfied 'with theproposition now accepted by Russia, as he vas with that of May last; for he beleved the present solution was notone whit better as a security to Europe than was that.: proposed by Austria last year. MIr. Gibson observed that there had been, from the begissAng of the -war,: a Peace p arty in the British Cabinet, and that' although Lord J. Russell had retired from the Adminis- tration, his sit still influenced mnany members o'. the Cabinet, ana an evidence of this fact was, he conceived.: to be found in the overtures which had been made to MIr. S. - Herbert on the part of the Government. After criticizing at. some len,'th the conduct of the war, especially in the, Baltic, and denouncing the practice to 'which some of ounnaval officers had resorted, of burning private propertyand destroying unprotected villages, Mr. Gibson stronglyurged a close union of the :Libersl party under, thae banner of ' peace, retrenchment, an d reform," (The.right. hon. gentleman was warmly cheered at the closef- bi&. address.) M1r. BRrGeo, en rising, was receivea Avith repeated:rounds. of applauise. Hesaid.-Itislmown,Ibelievetoaheoz evym person present, that this mneeting wvas announced, afort-. night, Ithink, before the time when we receinwd news; from abroad, which I ratherthink has taken a. little loadi off the hearts of almost all good and rationaL3mendin this, kingdom. It was felt, Ibeliere,by manyof o4Dsnds that,, whether we are in storm or in sunshine, it iS weUl that wm should continue the practice of our annual meeting,. hefpr* the assembling of Parliausnt that we rmay discnss.geat. questions of public moment. I will not as]k you t t,s-eh back -with me through the circumstae.nocsout ef2wbcb this unhappy war has arken, nor salll. I imvitee ion toC listen to a narnitive of the disasters by which its has been accompanied, nor shall I g,into,any ok thomu.harrowing details with which, unfortmaatelly, welihsve;alkbeemr madefartoofamiliar; butlwill stepat,once ot.isA Whicl really is theumtter in everyboWs. thDug)mt''and, ialmost npon everybody's-tongne-the tiennand,P mprsets.of Q pece. Nwow, we probably are more fv*eL to. disousa iheQse. mutters than mce6t other-persons in t1 country,, fortho. w*r menandhby and'bye-ic will be dilicuIt'to dud a tr9ae of them Plaughtcr)-aplveario me to becxceedinglyp=71oi;and, hav-. ing blunderedi from the beginning. I de't suppose they will ever get etkkely out of ilemnist. (Laushtor.) The objeet of - tihe- san is a?ways to be kept in view when you discuis the. qmstiores <f tho terms which are proposed to'puit i cml to it; and I agee entirely 'with my right hon. fWAiei tha', we. meut shub out of. our view *ltogeth e 'those exi-tancous and monstrous propositions which ZAve son sa commost, ancl confine ourselves strictly to the -Ay clrat.ons of tho Crown and of Her Majesty's hlnr;s aud to the deepatches which have been ail upon the, taUbes of the hous of Parliament. Now, the real objec': eF the Var, as yen gather it fromtheee sources, is tht tb is Country in alliance with France, and more recently wit' Sardhinia, should endeavour to Eecure Turkey from a suW,petddedga ea the part of Rssia io mia'e a spoil of 'Lurkey; and I -'don't.heleve it ws intended that the Ott-nan should rule -for ever,but rather that, if Torkeybeea'0 asjon,saibuoquld not bcome only a Russian spoil, but - general spell in the interests jthe balanco of powert j -seAr," aud Isught4ra
Y OMPCAAIJ AT ALDERSIO TT. -O there a tepresent about 12,000 tioops encamped at Alders,ett, of whom some 4,000 are troops of the line or of the Foreign Legion and 8,0o MIilitias The former occupy the north camp, and comprise the 80th Regimient, strong depots of the 1st and 2d Battalions of Rifles, the entire strength of the 3d Battalion, and a, regiment of German Jagers, recently arrived. In the south camp are the North Cork Rifles, the AntrimnRifles, theKerry, the City of Dublin, the Cavan, the Galway, the Herefordshire, the Hertfordsbire, the th Myiddlesex, the Worces tershire;o the South Glocestershire, the East York, and the leicestershire Militia, formmg an aggregate of 13 regiments. There are also. in camp about 100 Sappers andr Mtiners and o0 men of the Land Transport Corps. The artillery branch of the service is not yet reresented here, nor the cavalry, escept for patrols and as mounted orderlies. The regumars are atned with the rinie, and the ictfitia with Brown Bess, but neither have had any practice with ball-cartridge sincebte formation of the camp. For some time past the entire force may be considered as having gone into winter quarters; for, although there was afield-day last week, with that single exception, nothing of the kind has been attempted for a long time, and the duties of the men are mainly con(ined to theeusual routine of regimental drills and parades. Even these duties must sometimes be performed with great lifficulty, for the mud lies knee-deep in ;umany parts of the camp, and appears as impossible to subdue as it was last winter in the Crimea. Twice a-week the men are marched out along one or other of the adjoining roads, and latterly larfge fatigute parties of from 1,000 to 2,000 have been elployed daily in constructing fieldworks, under the direction of Sir Frederick Smith. T to fires, both resulting from over-heated stoves, in blocks occupied by officers, have led to the introduction of grates and brick chimneys in the offlicers quarters; but the alteration has not been extended to the men's huts, lprobabl because the supply of fuel there is more ;limited, and danger, therefore, on that score less likely to arise. Fire anihilatos and moveable irescreens are kept always imn readiness, and, be- bies theed ovrrangemet whe the mitteautherpriitisfo extinguishing fires od theymud asseak supr the police force are about to be organiized so as to !act asasfire brigade in case of need. Yet, with all these precautions and an abundant supply of water one cannot look at this town of wood and pitched sfelt without serious apprehensions for its safety ashould anything of the kind occrr in dry weather, with a high wind blowing at the time. On the occasions referred to the annihilators were found of little puse, bt the screens did good service in isolatt ing the fires. The health of the men is satisfactory, and in that important respect the situation of the ! camp appears to be all that could be desired. Notwsithstanding the dismnal, Skibbereen-like aspect of the huts, they are tolerably wstertight, and the chief complaint made about them is that the wid finds its way into them between the foor boards, and that in consequence they are cold at ni,ght. Great piles of gravel are collected on the different regimental parades, and wrill be scattered over them when the weather permits, but at present it wFould be uselesfs to attempt anything of the kind, and the mud asserts its supremacy not only in these spaces, but in many of the camp streets. It is very evident, on the most cursory survey, that at A\ldershott, as elsewhere, roadmalking and surface drainage are not understood in the British army, and that it is saDy in de ant of a GEeneral WVade in these modern days. A little prudent forethought vxercised during the suamner and autumn would have avoided much of the inconvenience nOW experienced in this respect. Thb e internal organization of the camp embraces not only schools and chsrches, but a postoffice, parcel-office, dlivisional commissariat stores, jand corrugated iron prisons. Thelong rowvs of huts are divided into battalions, 12 on the south side of the Basingstoke canat, S on the north, and each listin,uished by its own alphabetical letter. Every battaieon is provided w ith a canteen, but of these only eit are occupied in one camp, and four in the other. In the canteens the sale of ardent spirits is prohibited, but beer and groceries of all kinds are supplied at a price regulated by the authorities, and the canten men, by a wise departcure from theyformer practice, carryon their busess rentfree, in order that the soldier may make his purchases atthe lowest possible figmre. It is only mriht nto dd that there is very little drtmkenness. Recently, oing to the amotunt of volunteering, the average has been higher than usual; but it will, no doubt, fall to its ordinary level when that is over. iThe men come forward very readily to jOit the regular army, and, as an instance, 160 have been sworn in in one daynfrom the KerryMlilitia alone. In point of discipline and dril, and in giving to raw levies within the shortest practicable space of time soldierlike habits and bearing, the camp appearsto answer satisfactorilyone of thegreat objects for vhich int w fred. t seems also to be successful indeveloping the tsefulnessof theMilitian s a nursery of recruits for the army; but as a school for the instruction of our troops int the thousand and one exigencies of field service, as an apprenticeship for campaig,mang, and as a great triaLground for testing improvemelts in equipment and material, it has still its character to makea the lavish outlay of public money upon it to justify. What experience or skill in hutting, for example, can the men acquire from what they see around themt? Are they made one iota more self-reliant than if they wnere in barracks? They are, indeed, accustomed to march, oand, when the weather pernits, to manteuvre in brigades. The execution of fleidworks, which has at length tardily commenced, wvill teach them something,; and the gradual development of every department which an army requires for its efficiency, including staff, conmmissariat, land transport, and general hospital, will necessarily tend to diffuse a better appreciation of how the service requires to be organised. But will all this, when attained1, satisfy the public ? Is the military system as it obtains in this country, or even on the continent, incapable of furvher improvement ? Are we to have at Aldershott no departure from the old routine of soldiering ? dere, at least, is safe ground for experifentimng, and such an opportunity as a commander of abilety would eagerly jump at. Why, there is hardly a single thing connected with military life n which there is not ample scope for judicious finnovation. Itis quite certain that before many months are past the Minit will be an antiquated weapon. Even now we have several very fair breech-loaders. Liet any man who has handled a good Colt, Dean and Adams, or Tranter say, if he conscientionsly can, that this country is justified in orsendinits cavalry to the field armed withoblunt swords, unwicldly lances, and carbines wrhich it is almost impossible to use effectively, and extremely difiicult to load. It is the same with artillery. There is no longer any doubt that we are on t.he eve of enormous changes in this branch of the service. The authorities at Woolwvich have, indeed, succeeded in bursting a good number of experimental ,glUnS, and in obtaning permission to odd an experimental foundry to their other establishments; but the problem of a rifled breech-loading cannon iS nevertheless in process of complete and satisfactory solution by MIr. Whitworth, of Manchester, his most recent experiments having been, we understand, carried to a point which reduces these results to a certainty. Have the H orse Guards yet ascertained what is the simplest and best kind of hut or tent for an army in the field?2 WSeare told byr competent judges that the mode of fastening the soldierfs pack on his back checks the* circulation of blood in his arms, and obstructs the free play of his lungs, besides being extremely inconvenient to put on and take off. Again, as to the helmet, what earthly utility is there in that unsightly specimen of head gear, which it has been found impossible to prevent the troops from throwing away in the Crimea? WVe are told that our army in the East cannot take the field. Could that at Aldershott do so, and would it not be very beneficial to make arrangements so as to try the point in spring ? There are a hundred other experimental questions connected with the service ripe for solution, but which the invincible vis iwiwie of military autho- ity prevents being tested on an open stage like Adershott. lWinter is the season of the year jst adaptedl for many of these trials, ancl the int&'est they could not fail to excite would go far, 'f they had no other reslt, to relieve the moiotonY of camp life. The public hear now and then of experiments made at Enfield, Eythe, and bhoeburYness, with every circumstance of mys:tery. TeY no longer be.1.ieven Utie' sieces: sity for theso 4?14-of-the-way ,sihtiou, samd this profound secrecy. A judicious uase of the modern competitive principle, as exercised in exbibitions, would yield greater results in one year than hbif a century of such hole-and-corner work. Useful inventions and improved appliances could not then be set aside by the prejudices of those in authority. A mighty impulse would be given to the efficiency of the army, and if it continued, as it probably always will in this country, numeri-. cally weak, the inferior strength of its battalions would be more than compensated by its superior organization and equipment. There is another very important consideration involved in this matter. As long as Government ptusues its present system of investing its specitic wants with a mystery which places the practical genius of the country at a disadvantage in supplying them -as long as it tests inventions in obscure, outof-the-way places, and makes contracts founded on a competition in price, instead of quality-so long will it be enabled to make specious claims for multiplying establishments to manufacture what it requires. Now, there is nothing more certain than that, if it treats the private trade of the country properly, it can draw from that great reservoir far better and far cheaper supplies of almost every kind than it can possibly make for itself. Wherever it has failed to do so there is no difficulty in bringing the blame home to its own doors. During a long peace, has it not done everything in its power to disorganize the Birmingham gun trade? If the iron i our cannon andi mortars has been suffered to deteriorate, who is responsible for that? And is it reasonable to expect that a Government foundry at NVoolwich will set matters straight again ? Steps should at once be taken to obtain a recognition of true economical principles with regard to this entire subject; for if it be ulong that the State should manufacture for itself when it can avoid doing so, then the evil is becoming one of gigantic dimensions. Were Aldershott once made a great experimental ground, where in the face of the army and the public military inventions migTht be tested, we 3mght soon fairly expect to see private enterprise leaving no scope for those complaints which are made to cover so many demands for the multiplication of establishmnents.
I THE BRITISH HOSPITAL AT RENKOI. i 0 i vn fFRD 61wR tE VN .vRrqPtnvlF.-v I IREENTIQI, JAN. 15. From the 11th to the 13th inst. the weather was quite warm, the thermometer ranging between 65 and 'w0 deg. of Fahrenheit; wind, almost due south. Wasps were seen about the fields, and the hillsides swarmed with fights of goldfinches; but duriag the night of the 13th the temperature fell to 40 deg. of Fahrenheit, and at 10 a.m. on the 14th the country was covered with snow; wind, north; the thermometer at 25 deg. of Fahrenheit. But here there seems to be no prolonged season of cold, for to-day the sun shines brightly, and the thermometer is at 42 deg. of Fahrenheit. The bustards, whlich accompany the winter weather, have disappeared, and the wild pigeons and smaller birds are flying northward in swarms. During the severest time of tha snowstorm of the 14th I visited the wards. The lavatories, &c., facing the blast were penetrated to a considerable extent, but .all the apartments occupied by the patients were warm and comfortable. I may assert, without contr-adiction, that nowhere was any man exposed to circumstances connected with the sudden change from summer to winter which could in the smallest degree have given him discomfort, or increased the severity of his disease. The ample stoves blazed cheerfully in front of the convalescents grouped around them, and the covered corridor afforded a sheltered walk to those disposed to take active exercise. The buildings have been severely tested, whlein we consider the effects produced upon the wood, the metal, andtheironpipes,according tothe laws of expansion and contraction, by a sudden change of temperature amounting to 40 deg. of Fahrenheit, attended with a violent winld and a snowstormii positively blinding. The Mielboiune arrived here late on the 13th with sick from the front, bringing intimation that the Gibraltar, laden witl patients, is also on her way. The captain of the Melbourne stated that both in the Black Sea and in the Sea of Marmora he had encountered severe weather, and that in the latter place he was obliged for a time to lie in a sheltered anchorage until the snowstorm (the same which we felt at Renkioi) had cleared away. Two patients died on the passage, one in the Black Sea, the other at Scutari. A third died before leaving the ship after the anchor had been dropped at Renkioi; and here I may mention that in England we are scarcely aware of the remarkable extent to which the bodily powers are reduced without extinction of life by prolonged fatigtie, by exposure to cold and privation, especially in persons of feeble constitution. The man who died on shipboard at Renkioi had been on deck looking at the hospital an hour or two before. The surgeon in charge, Dr. Haverty, a most humane and skilful man, ordered him below, that he might be well wrapped up and comforted with somc hot brandy and water before being lowered into the caique, when a sudden change came on, the heart ceased to beat, and the poor fellow was no more. It is among the Land Transport Service men that these cases nov ehiefly occur; they are but a poor set at the best, and are, in consequence, the first to suffer from the cold. There are 20 cases of frostbite out of the 125 patients brought by the Melbourne; one man wil lose the greater part of both his feet, and others have suffered in the hands as well. As an illustration of the severity of the Crimean winter I may state that the greater number of these patients affirm that the frostbite came on while they were lying sick of some other disease in the temporary hospital huts and marquees attached to the several regiments. The rest are cases of fever or dysentery, some very bad, and, I fear, likely to terminate fatally; hut it is impossible to predicate the result until the effects of rest and good nursing have been seen. Several of the men were covered with vermin. The account of the general health of the troops in the Crimea brought by the Melbourne was satisfactory up to the last date. The chief novelty which I have to communicate is the openmig of the Renkioi Railway, whuch was used on the 14th for the conveyance of the sick from the south pier to the great corridor, a distance of perhaps three-quarters of a mile. It is but a single line, and the trucks are drawn by horses, but it is scarcely credible how much it facilitates the transport of the sick, and diminishes the labour of the hospital attendants. As the caique runs alongside of the pier, the patients are raised, as they lie in their beds on the stretehers, and are deposited on the flat railway carriage, which, when full, starts at a rapidcpacetowards the hospitaL As theline is not quite finished, a medical officer and a fatigue party were on duty at the temporary terminus to see that every facility was given to the patients for their conveyance over the short distance which remained. Report of deaths in the General Eospital at Renkioi from the 13th to the 15th inst:- Private Thomas Stephenson, Land Transport Corps, typhus fever; Private Herny Lydford, Land Transporb Corps, fever; Private Philip Hl, Land Transport Corps, fever; PrivateThomas Brown, Land Transport Corps, hectic fever; Private Wiliam Gormlie, Land Transport Corps, phthisis.
REPRESENTATION Or MIEDntmT.-Mr. &amuel Wsaren, the barrister and novel writer, has addressed the electors of Midhurst, soliciting their suffrages; but, judging from the following extract from the Suisscx Advcrtiser, he has but a sler,der chance of success:-" Mr. Samuel Warren," writes onr contemporary, "if one is to judge from his published address, does not consider it in the slightest degree incumbent upon him to allude to his political opinions; indeed, there is no proof that he has any. Whether it is that he deems it entirely a work of supererogation to s.peak of Ipolitical principles' at Midhrart-or -whether his remarkable avoidance of all allusion to the subject arises from a delicate conviction that any pretence of appealing to the electors on the ground of political sentiments would not only be a mockery, but an insult-is a point on which we cannot assume to pronounce. There, however, stands the fact that in addressing the electors of Midhurst Mr. Samuel Warren, so far as political views are concerned, gives no sign, either as to the ast, the present, or the future. He tells them that 'Iff they thirkfitit3 honour him with their confidence '-a confidence which he asks, but which he most assuredly does not offer in retumthey may 'depend upon afaithful anddilgent discharge' of his' public duty, as a member of the Legislature, in critical and eventful times.' He tells them also that the same dependence may be placed upon his ' ever watchfully attendinq to their local interests.' But as to the sli'htest indication of the tenour of his o nons, the hon- candidate preserves a studious, if not a studied silence. He evidently thinks that at Midhurst he has ' aright of free warren."' HIer Majyesty, on the recommendation of the Premiser, has been pleased to confer a pension of 501. on Miss Thomasin:a voss, knowvn for her long connmxionr with literature and her adrnirable trans1atio]fom the F'rencb, (Gearn2s a.nd Spanie,sh
CITY COMMISSrON OF SEWER& Yesterday a Court was held for the despatch of public business. Cho chair was occupied by Mr. Deputy Peacock. The Court was occupied during the greater portion of the day in hearing appeals against the assessment to the consolidated rate. TE fEW CEN]STERY. lMr. DsW, the chief clerk, read the following report:- "To the hon. the Commissioners of Sewers actig as the' Burial Board for the City of London. We whose namaes are hereunto set, your comrmittee to whom on the 18th of December last it was referred to arrange forthe consecration of the City of London Cemetery at little Ilford, do certify, that we instructed the clerk to transmit copies of the proposed fees and rules to the Secretary of State for his approval; that the same was done, and on the 26th of December last the able of fees, &-c., was returned to the clerk by the Secretary of State with the letter which was laid before you on the Sth inst., in which the Secretary of State informs the clerk, that 'You have not the power to fix the fees to be received by the incumbent or minister in interments in consecrated ground, these and the fees for the clerk and sexton being settled by the 32d section of tho act of Parliament10thand 16th of Victoria, chap. 85; nor dothe Burial Acts give any power in regard to fees for ministers officiating in the unconsecrated ground ? and, further, that 'the table of fees, when settled, should be promulgated in a public mauner for a sufficient time to admit of objections being made by any parties before it receives the approval of the Secretary of State.' A At the receipt of this letter we felt that we must at once put ourselves in communication with the clergy, and en.eavour to settle a fee to be paid to them as a comtnutation upon their respective clamis. "Accordingly, we conferred with the Rev. M1r. Gibbs, vicar of Christchurch, Newgate-street; Rev. Charles MarshalL vicar of St. Bride's, Fleet-street; and Rev. J. J. Toogood, rector of St. Andrew's, Holborn; as members of a committee of the clergy of the city; and, subsequently, we directed the derk to communicate withila the clergy and the parochial authorities to obtain a retlrn from them of the number of interments in each parish during theyears 1846, 1847, 1848, 1849, and 1850, severaLy; also the amount of fees in respectthereofreceived bytheincunbents, churchwardens, parish clerk, and sexton, respectively, of each parish during the like period. "These returns wve havc received from almost all the parishes, and they afford the opportunity for us to gather frmonthem an average upon which to-base a commutation as a single fee for each interment of a parishioner (excepting paupers) in consecrated ground... "W We gather from our interviews with some of the clergy that they are of opinion that the clergy generaUy would not object to an arrangement by which you may nominate a clergyman to act as chaplain, who must be approved bythem and licensed by the bishop. "Thisitwasstated, wastheonlyway inwhich thisa pointment can be legaUy made, and such chaplain would be paid by you. " We recommend this course to be adopted, and upon this assumed arrarngement. We also recommend that there be offered upon each interment in the consecrated ground excepting paupers) to the incumbent of the parish of rhich the deceased was the parishioner the fee of 6s. " Should your hon. board agree to this recommendation, it willbe necessary to instruct the clerk to address this offer to the several parishes within this city, to request that a vestry of each parish be caUed forthwith to consider and agree to it, and subsequently to obtain the assent and approval of the bishop to the same; and we recommend that at the sanse time a copy of the roles and regulations and the scale of proposed fees forthe cemetery, as sent to the Secretary of State, be transmitted to the several vestries for their consideration and approvaL " It is proper for us also to state that the preliminary proceedings for effecting the consecration of the cemetery have been taken by the clerk, the .npproval of the Bishop of London to tIme Episcopal chapel has been obtained, the approval of the Secretary of State to the division of the ground into consecrated and un-consecrated portions, and to the NonConformists' chapel, has been also obtained, and the matter approached complete arrangement when the clerk received, on the 18th inst., a communication from the Bishop of London's registrar, to signify that Dr. Lushington, the Chancellor of the diocess, could not sanction the consecration so long as there is any charge upon the land or a bridle road passing through the same. "We referred this qaestion to the solicitor, as it lies specially with him to advise upon, and the clerk to confer with Dr. Lushington thereupon, and we lay before you the communication since received from the solicitor thereupon. " We, having considered the suggestion to convey to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners the land proposed to be consecrated for the purposes of consecration, beg to recommend it as an expedienit course for your adoption under the peculiar circumstances of this ease. "We have further to report that, having taken into consideration thequestionputbythe Burial Boardof Shoreditch in their letter of the 17th of December last, ' whether you will take 2001. peracre for that portion of the land at llford, msLrked in the plan as 14a. lr. 26p., including the use of your church and ehapel,' we are of opinion that, considering the advantages connected with that particular portion of the land, you should ask a sum of 3501. per acre for it, grantiiig the purchasers the use of the occupation road, and of the road fronting your cemetery next the railwvay, as a means of access to it. Other questions of enclosure, &c., must be left to be subjects for arrangement hereafter. "A11 w hich we submit to the judgment of your board.- Dated this 24th day of January, 1856. ": . G. I'PEACOCK. 3. WsATERLo.V "E. Eclisosr. "E. HAIUaSOs. "T . J. BOLT. "(G. mEAzDWAy. " 3B. BoWER. " G. Ross. "3. Eloo.. " T. AnmLuIL" Deputy LOTT suggested that the report of the committee should be printed. The report was thereupon ordered to be printed and circulated amnong the members of the Court. WYEEKLY REPORT OF THE M1EDICAL OFFICER. Dr. LETHEBY read the folowing report, which .as ordered to be entered on the journals of the Court: TO THE nosN. THE COM1ISSIONERs OF SEWERS OF TnE CITY OF LONDON. "Gentlemen-The mior' "Tuesday, Jan. 29. "Gentlemen,-The inspector's returns, which are now before you, relate to 140 houses that have been inspected dnring the last week; and I beg to submit a list of places requiring the orders of your hon. Court for their sanitary inprovement in vanous particulars, as of water supply, drainage, cleansing, &ec. I also submit a list of places that require further proceedings on account of orders aiready issued, but not yet consplied -withL " I append the mortality return for the week ending on Saturday last, and it vill be noticed that the total number of deaths in the city during the week were 64; of these 24 occurred hi the East London 'Union, 15 in the West, and 25 in the City of London Union. Of this total 16 were children under 5 years of age, and 8 were old persons over 70. The chief causes of death among the children were scarlet fever, pnenmonia,and hoopingcough; of the adults 13 died from bronchitis and asthma, 6 from phthisis, and 5 from fever. " In accordance with your request, I have visited the premises No. 11 and 12, St. Mary-at-ill, and I have to report thattheyareinfectedwiththe ammoniacal andother vapours which proceed from a manure-heap, which is immediately under the staircase of No. 12 and the back rooms of No. 11. At present there is nothing but the flooring which separates the rooms from the manure heap in question, and, as the dung is heaped up to within a oot or so of the floor, the steam and ammomacal vapours have condensed on the 'walls and woodwork of the rooms, making them damp and otherwise unwholesome. I have, therefore, to report that it is necessary a brick receptacle for the manure should be constructed so as to prevent the escape of any effluvia into the rooms which are over it; and that the ceiling of the stable should also be rendered inipervious to the vapours whicl are generated therein. "I have the honour to remain, Gentlemien, "Your obedient servant, "E NRY LETHEBY, ALB." The Court then adjourned.
THE OREGON IN-D fs.-Lieutenant-Colonel Kelly reports from " Head-quarters, Camp on Walla-Walla River," on the 8th of December, as follows -." Yesterday mornmig, as my command was on the line of march from the mouth of the Do Shute River to Whitman's-valley we were attacked by about 400 Indians, with whom we kept up a running fight all day, and for a distance of about 10 mles along the Walla-Walla River. At dark yesterday thC batte was suspended by the Indians withdrawing. We drove them from every position which they took, both in the brashwood, along the river bank, and en the adjacent hills. This morning the battle was renewed, and raged all day. At dark this evening the Indians again withdrew. The number of Indians who fought us has been considerably greater than yesterday, and is supposed to exceed 600. To-morrow morning we expect a renewal of the battle, which, in all probability, wil last for some time to come. T regret to say that yesterday and to-day we have lost many brave and gallant men, who fell nobly fighting for their country. Subjoined to this despatch you will find a list of the killed and woundeLd. The loss of the Indians must be very great, as their killed alone, during the two days, cannot be less than 50 men. Among their killed yesterday was the noted chief of the Walla Wall Valley, the celebrated Peu-peu Mox-rmox. He was taken prisoner by my command on the 5th inst., near his camp on the Touchet, and during the battle yesterday made an effort to escape. On doing so he was killed, togethser with four others wvho were made prisoners at the same time, and who attempted to get away. To-morrow, as I said, we expect a renewal of the battle, and I regret to say that we are not in a situation to repel the attack of the Indians vith the vigour that is desirable. This arises from our scarcity of ammunition and the broken down condition of our horses. TWe animals have become so poor and jadedl that it is impossible to make a successful charge against the Indians, who are mounted on fleet horses and can easily escape. We are therefore in a measre compelled to act on the defence in our present position, which we are fortifying by making a stockade fort. Our ammunition will be exhausted, I fear, with another day's hard fighting, and unless we can procure a npplyfrom Fort Henrietta our position wiU be critical indeed, Of provisions we had only enough for three days, but we expectto geta supplyin tuo or three days. I must insist upon a supply of alikinds being sent forward at once, as I do not intend to abandon the position until the last extremity. By doing so the enemy will be greatly emboldened. This despatch is writtenin great haste, and is disconnected and exceedingly brief, and I know will be nusatisfactory; but I wish to send the messenger forward immediately, so that he can reach Fort Henrietta by daylight." [Advertisement.]-The Queen has been pleased to give and grant unto the Honourable William John Vernon, second son of George John, fifth Lord Vernon,eson of George Charles, fourth Lord Vernon, by Ehmces Maria, his wife, only child and heir of Admiral the Right Honqurablo Sir John Borlase Warren, her Royal license and authority that he may take and use tha-surnames of Borlase Warren in addition to and before his family name of Venables Vernon; and that he may be called William John BorlaseWarren-Venables-Vernon, and bear the arms of Borlase and Warren quarterly with those of Venables and Vernon.
RILWAY IAITELLGENCE. : LONDON, B3IGHTOON, SAND gOJTH COAS The half-yealy meeting of this company was held yester. day at the Bridge-house Hotel for the general purposes of the undertaling, and for the election of three directors; lTr. L. Schuster in the chair. Mr. F. SLIGIrr, the Secretary, having read the notice convening the meeting, the report, an abstract of which has appeared in 27Ve Ti7ns, vws taken as read. The CAinRm xr, in moving the adoption of the report, said it was so full and explicit that it was not necessary to detain them long with any observations he had to make. In assuming the place he now occupied by the kindness of his colleagues he felt sensible of the responsibility and duties he had to perform. He would not have undertaken the office of chairman were it not for the able support of his colleagues, and their zealous and harmonious exertions to promote the success ofthe undertaking. RailWay management had lately been very much spoken against, and he thought justly so. All public bodiesmanaged by associated boards could not conduct their business with the same advantages asprivate individuals. To manage railway business-properly it should be conducted as a private individual would manage his own affairs. That should be the object of the directors, and that was a matter which his colleagues and himself were endeavouring to do, for the benefit of the company. (Hear.) They were desirous of developing the traffic, conducting it with safety, and securing the exercise of a wise economy in every department, so as to be enabled to pay the shareholders a remunerative dividend; but not to attempt to give a larger dividend than the affairs of the company would wvrrant. The first point alluded to in the report was the capital account. They had expended on that account during the half-year 17,0001. for works that had been already sanctioned by the proprietors. But they felt that the time was approaching when their capital would beexhaust Theyhadnowronly23,OD0OL renmaining,andttherefore they were anxious to spend as little of it as possible, and in carrying out that view they had charged revenuewith a portion of the expenses generally charged to capitaL They had done so to the extent of 4,60U!., in converting a timber viaduct into a more solid structure, coverin in oen carriages, and laying down additional sidings. Iormerly those things were strictly chargeable to capital, but they thought it better to charge a certain portion to revenue. He had, on a former occasion, expressed an opinion that there was, no such thing., as finality wath regard to railway capital. He considered that it would prove a fallacy-for instance, in 1848 the traffic on their line amounted to 453,000!., and in the year 1855 to 719,0001. It vas but reasonable, with such an increase of traffio, that they should be called upon to expend money on copital account to meet and accommodate it. He did not expect that they could go on increasing their traffic to that extent. On the whole, they had done a great deal on their line during the last sevenyearstoaccommodatetraffic. They would endeavour to make their capital last as long as possible; they would curtail and keep down capital expenditure as much as ty could. The board thought the establishment of the value of their property was one great object to attain. If they looked to Bank Stock the price of it bore no relation to the same amount of railway stock paying a higher dividend. Their anxiousdesirewas that investors in railway stockshould fed as satisfied with its stability as they were with that of Consols, by giving them an assurance that the affairs of the cornpany were conducted with integrity and zeal A great dea hadbeen said about French ma-agement of railways but he found from a return to the Minister of Publi Works that the French railways up to a certain point had cost 100,000,0001., but of that amount the French Government had subscribed 40,000,0001. in works and subscriy. tions. The shareholders had to find only the 60,000,000ir. The English companies had to pay large sams inParliamentary expenses to obtain authority to make the railwa.ys, while the concessions for the French lines cost the promoters nothing, inadditionto whichtheyhad considerable assistance from the Government. Itwaswellknownthatvcryfewcompanies co uld go toParhiamentforpovwersto make railwayswithout incurring immense expenscs frorn thee opposition of landow;ners and other parties. There were others w ho ought to bear a share of the blame as well as directors. Withregard' to the various departments on the line, the directors had passed a resolution to the effect that no expenditure should be incurred in them on capital account without first obtaining the sanction of a special resolution to that effect from the board. Officers, although zealous, were sometimes apt to put things up to capital which, if paid for out of revenue, might be dispensed with. The revenue account slsowed an increase of 12,0001. as compared with the corresponding period of 184, which was a very prom;perous halfyear. That increase of trafflc had arisen from various sources. The Crystal Palace during the past year had increased their rcceipts by 43,000l. Theyhad had some fresh traffic from a a branch to East Ginstend, which was openedonthe 9th of July last, and had proved a very serviceable branch. Ee hoped that undertaking would be an example to the country at large of what might be done by local parties to obtain at a moderate cost railway communication to their districts. In the case of the East Grinstead, a number of gentlemen vho required a line of railway obtained an act at a small expense for a line 6A miles in length, and completed it for 50,000!. They had `made an agreement vith the company for working it soasto paythem 4 per cent. on the outlay. That was a far better course for landowners to pursue in obtaining lines for their districts than to oppose companies at great expense when they attempted to carry. line of railway into a district. The line in question had answered the purpose exceedingly lleu, and was remunerative to all parties. A district without a railvay must be considered as in darkness, and he hoped otier places right and left of their main line would seek for railway communication on similar terms. It was far better to obtain branches in that way than to invade their neighbonrs' district. iHe hoped that railway directors would not in future attempt to invade the district of neighbourmnr' lines, but endeavour to cultivate their own traffic and afford all the facilities in their power for its deve'lopment. (Applause.) Their goods traffic had not increased in the same ratio as the passenger traffic owing to the check building had received along the line in consequence of the war. The conveyance of building materials wvas a profitable source of revenuetothem. l'There wvas an increase in the goods traffic during the past half-year to the extent of 4,000., but that did not equal their expectations. With regard to their French traffic, there were seme capital steamers on the station, and they formed an excellent mode of conveyance for tihose who wished to travel cheaply and were not asraid ot the sea. As to the working expenditure, they had expended a large sum on the permanent way. When the road was kept up in good order they had the benefit of it in their roiling stock, and the expense of conducting the traffic over the line was thereby reduced. They had given instructions to keep up the permanent way as the m ain thing. The perinanent wNay orignally wvas not well constructed, and proper care was not taklen to select the best materials for the puxpose. During the past half-year they hadput down 19,000 new sleepers, at os. each, of the beat material, properly prepared. They had everything done on the best principle, and spared nothing in materials and labour to make theline as good as anyin the kIngdom. They had a long report firom their engineer, giving an account of varions works and details on the line, which was too long for publication, but could be seenbythe shareholders. They had gone on reaying their line with heavier rails, new ballast, and so forth. They had relaid 15 miles ofthemain line duringthepasthalf-year. Theyhadused fish-joints, which made it like one continnous raiL Though theirreserve fund was very muehreduced, they would be able to complete the whole of their main line vwithout difficulty. Upwardls of 60 miles had been relaid, and they proposed to relay 23 uiles with new rails, new sleepers, and new ballast in the course of the next half-year. In the locomotive and carriage department considerable expense had been incurred. The engines originally provided for the line were not so pow-erful as the new ones, nor put together in the mode now adopted. They were consequently inferior to those on the improved construction, and they were selling off the oldengines astheycould, andreplacing themwith new' ones. The mileage run by their trains during the year was 2,000,000. The life of an engine might be calculated to last long enough to run over 300,0GO miles. That would show they would require seven now engines annually, or, at all events, they would require extensive renewals. They would have to provide for the complete renewal of that number every year to k;eep up their working stock of engmes; but in the last year they had provided 11 new engines out of revenue, and in the course of the present year they would probably provide seven new engines. as to thecstock of carriages and waggons, improvements had been been made, a reduction inthe e.xpense of repair6 and renewals had be-n effected, and bc expected furtner savings in that department. Their officers were instracted to carry out a system of wise economy in every dapartment, so far as practicable withontimpairing its eiciency. (Applause.) le would be happy to answer any question or to hear any remarks, and conbeddpby mtoving the adopton of the report and statement of accounts. Mr. SCOIT seconded the motion. r. e eptsaTc said, he had looan ed over the report, and considered that it was verv satisfactory. hIe should lio e to know when the london-bridge-station woud be completed s (Hear, hear.) Ile believed that it had cost from a million and a-half to two miLlions of money, and thought it ought now to he completed. 'With regard to the East Crinstead branch, hebelieved they had guaranteed 2,0001. a-vear to the proprietors of it, and he should like to knowy what the receipts andexpenses amounted to. With regard to the Crystal Palace traffic, they were told that it amounted to 43,0J001. for the last year, bat he should like to know what the working expenses vere, andthetotal capital costincurred to accommodate that traffic. lie was glad to see the reserve fund reduced so low, for untIl they paid everything out of revenue they would never k now the value of their property. Looking to the natural increaseof theetraffic onrailways, and the advantages of keeping up everything in a state of efficiency out of revenue, it was not improbable, if a proper system were adopted, tlhat, in the course of 10 years, railway property zould he Worth from 25 to 30 years purchase. The CHAMAITu~ 'Would be maost happy to give every information at the office in respect to the Past Q(Instead or any other traffic. The Crjystal palace traffic was very re nmunerative. One-half the, Crystal Palace trains called at intermediate stations, which was a great convenience. There was a large populationi inceasin round the palace which would pay for tPhe line i ftsel f in10years The cost of the Cryst ace branch and additional station at Londonbride t acommoatethetrafic as 150,000!., and the piant5 of0., (baut thae hole otf the latter was not required for thats btraefhc. To he companyreceived g 6,000! a-erotf the Crystal Palace trafic Haes ntesredte o the oulay Iof tr.fUC vn sremusati,i eard bieto thEat the. tadla line he cosdee thttearneetfrwrig a lines at their own expense. He could show that the C174 Palace traffic was remunerative, and thit the only way they were involved with the CrtStal alce Companywas to, settle the traffic in certin proportions every month, and- to pay the difference over to the Crsl Padce Conupany. After some observations from Mfr. By5}, MIr. IFt-o?r; Mr. J. Wuson, and other slhreholders, resolutions wre. unanimously passed adopting the report and statement of accounts, declaing a dividend of 21. l8s. per cent. ot the past hal-year, making with the former dioidend t per cent, for the year; conrerting 73 B shres ito ordinary stock of the company; re-electing Mr. L. Schuster, sr. C Ld,hingtou, and or. Tvn, the retirngdirectors,and l o inr. J. Chapman, the re" auditor; and thanksot cem roted to Mr. C. S. Crowley for his services ohile on thee dTechion. The proceedings concluded with a vote of rhanks oti chaman and directors. EASTERN COVI7ES. The adjourned meeting oi this company was feld vestero day, at the london Tavern, to receive the r.slt of hre poll on the amendment in favomr of continuing 31r. WVaddingtora mn office as chairman of the company, andfor diseontinnuu4 the services of the Com,mittee of Investigation. The chair was taken by MiEr. WaddinPton. The Cmsmacs. said,- he had reeved the report ot Messrs. Whetham and Morgan, the scrutineers, on the polJ demanded by Mfr. Goodsonck respect tothe amendment. For Mr. Goodson's amendment, which was in favour oE Mfr. Wasidingbonl's continuance in o9fice, there -were 161) personal votes, representing 277,340L stock 3nd 4,111 votes; and l 2 proxies, repriesenting 1,17x,880e s stock an9 17,014 votes; together 712 proprietors, representina 1,452,2201. stock and 21,120 votes. Against the amemenent were recorded by0 personal votes; represeHUtieg 095,980s. stock and 11,o16 votes and amT proxies, representing 231,5r00. stock and 3,e99 votesmaking together liS3 proprietors, representing 927,4807. stock and 15,on 04 votes. Mority for amendment and isa fav our of M r. Waddimgto n, 2 9 prop rieto rs, repr ese nting 524,740.L stck and 5,421 voten. This announcement was followed by cheers and groans The Cn.usus said, itwas his duty to declare the amend4 mentof MIr. Goodson carried. (Cheers.) MWr. Seriesut GAsaExI moved that the list of proprietors as gien onthe poll be printed and circuaxted, and thai coPis besoldfolseah BULLEBR seconded the motion. Llr. Wrsrasr, one of the scrutineers, said; he hoped the company would not be put to any further expense mn thig contest. The derks and officers had been t=enoff their duty to attend the poll and scratiny, and he hoped they would not go any further. 3Mr. BuLLEE had gone, with some considerable attention; throngh the proprietors! list of voters on this question, anil his belef was, that the majority of proxiesin favour of Lr. Waddington vas principally made ap of ladies and ladiee' maids. {Cheers and laulghter.) Mr. B3u.~Ll?., was surprised to find that the gentle. man who had been appointed an .assessor on the part of ther Commsittee of Investigation should objeetotheprintingana3 circulation of the names of the voters on this impmrtant, question. They would be told to-day that the majority inthc questionhadbeen adversetotheCommitteeofInvestigation. (Hear.) Hisanswerwas, thatif itwerelegallyopposedtothe, views ofthat committee, itwas, nevertheless, amoraltriumplh to righteousness and integrity. (Cheers and laughter.' Of the 1,800 groxy papers sent put through the length ann breadth of t a land byE r. Waddington's friends only 500 and;odd had given their support to that gentleman. Two. thirds of the whole body had not responded to the proxy papers, and would not, in fact, recognize them. On ther other side, the Committee of Investigation had issued theil proxies so late that they were inefficient and inoperative, thoug h at the very last moment, and when it was too late; 200 applic.tions for proxies had been made to them. (Hear, hear.) The personal -votes for the Committee of Investi. gution were between 500 and 600, while only 160 were given for Mr. Faddinston. (Rear, hear.) IIe therefore had a right to say that the moral triumph was with the committee. Howvever, if the assessor declared the majority legally against the committee, every honour. able man would bows to his decision. (Cheers.) HeS proceeded at great length to deal with those cases in which the commuittee had been charged with unfairness in giving the evidence published by them in the appendix to their report. If they Avished the Eastern Counties Railway' to retami the taint that it had amnong all the railways of thckingdom, and the directicn in its present bad odour, let them keep their present chairman in office, but if they meant integrity to triumph, he would tell them whiat they ought to do. They could notnow expect that the Coimittec of Investigation would proceed further, but the shareholders. ought to form themselves into an association; for it wa& only by such au associati6n they could destroy that system. whuch was ruiningtheir property, and was, atthe same time, the disgrace of the railway world. (lear, hear.) He wished' to ask Mr. Lloyd (the assessor for the company) for his de. cisionon the legality of the votes in referenceto the quel. tion on which they had bean given. Mr. LLOYD said, he considered the requisition for the meeting was a proper requisition i that the parties mialdng it were fully competent to make it, and that it was the dutyof the directors to convene the meeting. He w.as also of opinion that the notice convening the meeting, following as it did the terms of the requisition, made the meetng a perfectly legal one. Then, the only question was whether thbusiness brought before the meeting in the shapc of a resolution and an amendment was within the terms of the notice. He had considered that question, and his opinion was, that the resolution and amendment were sufficiently within the ter-is of the notice, both of them having refer. ence to the state of the direction and the condition of tha¢ company's affairs. Llr. HI4 rs was surprised that any objection shoudd ba token to the printing of the names of the voters, as it. would not cost more than 51. If objected to, he would. pay the money out of his own pocket. Mr. LLOYD advised the chairman that the amnendment being in terms inconsistent with, and contrary to thooriginal motion, the amendment being once carried therawasan end of the matter. kMr. LovE (the chairman of the committee) said thatseveral bills in which the company were deeply interested. would be before Parliament during the sessmon, and e- ferred to one which would, he said, enable the Norfolk to. be released from the repayment of the capital owving by them to the Eastern Counties Company, end pernmt thelatter to lend money to the Eastern Union Company. The CQuAnm-iarsaid, he had not the slightest objection tothe printing of the names of those who had voted for or against hiiu, for if he were to judge by the letters forwarded to him, those who had given their suffrages in his favonr gloried in having done so. (Cheers and laughter.) An hon. proprietor had stated that, as far as he had an opportunity of inspecting the proxies, he was of opinion that he (Mz. Waddington) had derived his chief support from ladies and' ladies'-maids. Now, as the proxies had not been submitted' to the hon. proprietor, he mnst have been in communication with the ladies, as well as ladies'-maids, to have ob. tained the information. (Laughter.) The hon. pro. prietor, Mr. Ball, had spoken a great deal of righteounness and justice; but where was that gentleman's uprightness and iustice to the proprietors? (Iear, hear.) Let the shareholders look at his (Mr. Ball's) own report and his (31r. Waddington's) answer; his (;Ar. Bali's) rejoinder, and his (Mr. Wadding,ton's) reply. In his (Mr. Waddington's) answer and reply Ar. Ball wonuld find righteousness,justice, andtrnuth,whilc onthe other sidewouldbefoundmisrepresen. tation. Mr. Ball talked of moral triumph, but he b4a to tel that *entleman that the moral triumph wvas with him who haad after being assailed in the most vindictive and determined manner, and had had a largc numberof charges heaped upon his head, refuted his caldunniators and received the support of a majority of the. sbareholders (cheers and groans), and that notwithstanding the most active canvass had been going on in the company on behalf of the Comimittee of Investigation. (Cries of " No, no.') As to the bil noticed by Mr. Love, in refer. ence to the Northern and Eastern Union Companie-S lie believed the objects of it were legitimately those of the company pMr. BRUCE said the bill alludedto by Mr. Love had in it originally a clause for issuing a six per cent. stock. The motion for the publication of the votes was then put. and carried, and votes of thank-s having been given to thescrntineers and to Mr. Waddington, as chairman of theday, the meeting separated. TRAFFIC RETURNS. M P: 2ee- TO s, TOtar Ral-. oe bes dae. 156. lS. Week ending J. 23. Monsand Manasge.. ..21 ..82.. 844.. 221 .. 7O Week ceding Jan. 26. GQasgowand South-Westem .. - .. 5,332 .. 5,0. Week ending Jan 27. Ereat Lxembourg.. .. 3 .. - .. - .. 2 .. Rcadal and Windernere.. -. . - . 1. - .. I52 112 The following are the last retuns of the gross receips. of the Drincinal French railwvavs :_
THE CA-mnnBuxY FPmuiE LmOSTO.--3ny1Elzj, Chippendale, the "interestin youn-lmady with the legion of aliases, now undergoing imprisonment in St. Augustine's Gaol, Canterbur;, stSp preserves her exmtaordinaiystebbormness of character and pertinacity in endeavouring to deceive those whose officia capacity places them in. contact lith. her. The chaplainof theprisonhas tried with uutiiin- zel to engender a better spirit and induce a smore candid audL honest avowal of herfrequent frauds and misdemueanours, but 'ith surpring sagacity she avoids aU direct questions and evades those more indirect. That she is possessed oE great talent and acquirements, which, with integrity and an ordinary love of truth, might have placed her in a respectable and responsible situation in life, there is no doubt; indeed, the answers she gives to the rev. gentleman when his questions are of a general ]sind and do not refer immediately to her delinquencies show that she possesses many of the attibutes of an elegant and refined.nlind. She has a- more than ordinary acquaintancew -ith the theory of music, answering questions readily in reference to thorough-bass; her knowledge of the French language is good, and she can. repeat the services of the Roman Church as used in the French convents, not only in the vernacular, but in Latin. That she is the ilegitimto daughter of a gentlenanof for. tune there seems every reason to believe; aiid that an inherent love of deceit, joined to a most unamiable temper, has tended to destroy al feelngs of interest in her inthosewho should, and would lwe hope, otherwise be herprotectors, seems also the only explanation of her extraordinary career. -KcnaWs Ga:cttc.
AOI;MT AMTand CITY INTELLIGENCE. Tuesday Evening. aI~e quotation of gold at Paris is about 5 per >311e premiium (according to the last tariff), which, at tho English int price of 31. 17s. M0Sd. per oz. Ficrtadard gold, gives an exchango of 25.29i ; and, tU exchange at Paris on Iondon at short being !25,3 it folIows that gold is about 0.12 per cent. 4.rer in London than in Paris. By advies from Hamburg the price of gold is 426 per mark, which, at the English Mint price of V. iTs. lOid. per or. for standard gold, gives an extbAg of 13.4k; and, the exchange at Hamburg Ce Lonidon at short being 13.Gj, it follows that gdod is 0.87 per cent. dearer in London than in :famburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is IOS per cent., and, the ,iar ot exclhange between England and America leing 109 23-40 per cent., it follows that the exchange is nominally 1.08 per cent. against England; but, after making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves no profit on the transmission of gold either way between the two countries. 'l'he English funds opened.with diminished buoyaney this morning, but, on the whole, the late improvement has been fairly maintained. In the early hours of business a decline took place, owinr to a pressure for money; but as soon as the demand for the day was supplied the market in a great meaeur reguned its firmness. Consols for money, 'rhich left off last evening at 91A, were first quoted -91g to -, whence, upon some sales by the Governmient broker and others, they receded to 91k. The latest oTlicial transactions, however, were at 9ll to i for money, and 91- to g for the 7th of February, and subsequently seme bargains were effected at an advance of an eighth. For the account on the 11th of March the closing price was 92. Bank Stock closed at 210 to 211; Reduced, 91J. to 7; New 'Three per Cents., 92k to ; Long Annuities, 3S; Annuities, 1885, 16q; Exchequer-bonds, 971 to 1)S; and India-bonds and Exchequer-bills, ,6s. to is. discount. Mloney was in active demand in the discount. mxarket at a fraction below the Bank charges. In nthe Stock-Exchange the rates paid for carrying over transactions to tfie next account were extremely ;heavy. In Paris the rate of continuation paid on irrench Rentes during the last day or two has been 15 per cent. -Forcicn securities opened with great firmness, but the highest prices were not in all cases maintained. Large operations occurred in Turkish, the arg-ains in the Six per Cents. beingat 92*, 92, and 91g for money and 93 and 92 for the aCcount. The latest official quotation for the account was W. to t, but after regullar hours there was an advance to 93 to A. The rise at the opening 'Vas attributable to the circumstance of a recent speculator for a fall being unable to meet his contracts. In the Four per Cents. business was concluded at 102b-, !, ' , and & for money, and 102j, 103k, and i for the account. The general operations comprised-Brazilian, S3mall, 100; the Your-and-a-Half per Cents., New, 924; Granada Deferred, 7; Mexican, 20k, i, and C; Peruvian ]?our-and-a-Ualf per Cents., 8O, 803, and 81 for =ioney and 81-2 for the account; the Three per Cents., 5(5; Portuguese Four per Cents., for the =ccount, 48; Russian Five per Cents., 106; the Your-and-a-Half per Cents., 922; Sardinian Five per Cents., 88W and 89; Spanish Three per Cents., -42; the New Deferred, 23k, 23, and 23i; Dutch 'Two-and-a-Half Der Cents., 64;; and Peruvian Dollar Bonds, 61P and 63. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon there Was tio alteration of mnportance. The closing prices of the Frencll Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were G9f. 60c. for mnoney and 69f. 90c. for the account, showing a fresh advance of a quarter or three-eighths per cent. At Amsterdam Dutch stocks remain without al ermion; but in Russian, Portuguese, and some ¢other descriptions there has been a further consi*d!rable rise. At Vienna, ikewise, the market continues with an improving tendency. The St. Petersburg accounts state that the rate of exchange had .dvanced to 37Jd., and that the general disposition of the mercantile community was to look upon peace as settled. At a special meeting of the City Bank, held to-lay, Sir R. W. Carden presiding, a resolution was passed authorizing the directors to increase the mzominal capital from 300,0001. to 1,000,0001. This 'tiddition will be made, as time and circumstances tnay require,by an issue of 7,000 shares; but at present the directors propose to deal only with 1,500, -or at most 3,000 of the number, as the prospects of | business shall warrant. Whatever issue may take I,lace, it will be madepro rata among the existing shareholders, and the premium derived will be caraied to the credit of a guarantee fund. It is stated that the progress of the establishment is satisfactory, wnd that the board are exercising economy and vigilance in management. The amount of deposits by 'Customers already exceeds 500,0001. A prospectus has been issued reviving the pro,posals put forward some years back for a Ceylon railway from Colombo to the interior. Tlle capital required is 1,000,0001. in 201. shares, and the board seek to obtain from the Government a guarantee of '6 per cent. interest, secured as a first charge upon the revenues of the island. At the adjourned meeting of the Eastern Counties Company, held to-day, the votes in favour of .?iIr. Waddington were 21,125, against 15,704 in favour -of the Committee of Investigation. The Peninsular and Oriental steamer MIadrid has taken 14,7001., principally for Lisbon and Cadiz. The Black Friar has arrived from Moreton Bay, ITew South Wales, but is not believed to have trought any gold. A meeting of the Cobre Copper Mining Company -took place this afternoon, when a satisfactoryreport was presented, and a dividend of 5l. per share for the half-year was declared. On the 22d inst. some remarks were made on a ~circular addressed to the merchants of London by )Ir. Engelhardt, regardingc an insurance case triedin the Court of Queen's Bench relative to some -lamaged sigars, invwhich the jury gave a verdict to the effect that the injury was not causedlby the sea voyage, although the usual clean bill of lading had scertified that at the time they were shipped they iwere in goodorder and condition. A verdict of this mature wvas calculated to impair allreliance upon insurance claims being recoverable at Lloyd's, unless the parties interested were prepared to bring the growers and shippers of produce to this country to ewear as to its condition before it was put on board, e6nd the inconvenience to the mercantile world of such a requirement was strongly insisted upon. 'The underwriters, in reply, announced that they were about to issue a fill report of the trial, and requested that the public would, mean,while, suispend theiriudgment. This report has now been published, and copies of it can be obtained at Lloyd's. According to the following letter, the un- lerwriters appear to think it disposes of MIr. Engelliardfs complaint ; but it would be desirable that a committee of half a dozen leading merchants ahould be asked to consider it after an attentive perasal of tbhe whole of that gentIemanes arguments. The case is one involving so many points of commercialusage, trade technicality, and local knowledge, that no ether decision would be satisfactory. To ordinary apprehension the details of the trial seemn to convey -ery little to weaken Dlr. Engelhardt's statement, especially when it is borne in mind that if every in- surance claim were to be treated as this has been, -and each link of evidence were required to be estaIblished with legal precision, there is carcely one that would not probably break down. Should the =embers of Lloyds deem it worth while to obtai the disinterested opinion of any body of merchants, they may rely that such opinion shall have every jiblicity. and that it will be accepted as conclusive. 31reanxriueini-gthesbjoined ommunication it is necessr to ftate that the assertion that the' nvidence of the seaman who was ealled by the plaintiff "clearly sh"aed that no damage to the cargo took place on the voyage" is incorrect; that the reproach against the plaintiffs for not caling the captain a a witness is answered by the fact that they wero entitled, a far a the original freedom of the gooda from sea-damage wax concerned, to rest upon his tignture to the bill of lading, as well as by the circumstance that he appears to have had some quarrel 'ith them ; that the attempt to call in question the idity of the auction at Amsterdam has been fairly anet in anticipation in M. Engelhardt's statement; ana that thc asstumption that the plaintiff would anove for s new trial if he did not feel himrself in the irzon7g mill not be regarded as sound .bry those trho have had any experience of the trouble, uncertainty, and expense of such proceedings - F " Sir,-The report of the case of ' Goodall v. Hyde' is I now ready. and may be had on application to me here. - " A perusal of the pamphlet will, I think, establish, among others, the followmg facts: "lErom the plaintiff's evidence it awPearv that there is ala depreciation in the weit of tBaa sugel quite irrespectdive of sea-damnage, frequentlyasmuch as 5 percent. The camp sny sought to recover this depreciation as part of the alleged average until abandoned by their counsel a.fter the commencement of the cause, ana this in tho face of the evidence of both the caprtain and mate of the vessel, who had been examned for the company, and who proved that many of the boxes were not half foll at the tine of ship. mnent. " The iDference isthat the company had been in the habit of recovering siar claims for loss of weight against the underwriters. "1 The seaman of the vessel who was called by the plaintiff clearly showed by his evidence that no damage to the cargo took place on the voyage, and the depositions of the captain and mate illustrate this more forcibly. They are printed at the end of the report, as the plaintiff did not read the mate's deposition, or call the captain as a witness, although he was in court. "It can hardly be seriously asked, in the face of sauh evidence, that the bill of lading, stating, as it does, weight and contents unknown, should be taken as evidence that the cargo was in good condition when shipped, and must have been damagoed on the voyage. "'he so-called auction, at which the plaintiffs purchased themselves, is so strange a proceeding as scarcely to call for comment. Lord Campbell said, upon Ennglish principles, it was no auction at alL. "The captain was never calledupon to attend anysurvey, although it is stated that the sugar was observed to bo damaged asit was landed, "Oar case, from the strongly manifested opinion of both judge and jury, vas not entered upon; and the jury, with the full approbation of the jadg,e, fond that the cargo had sustained no d.amare whatever under the policy. "If the judge was wrong, or the verdict agamnst evidence, is it probable .the plaintiff would put up wsith an asserted loss of nearly 1,600t. without moving for a new trial ? I wrould direct the attention of persons acouainted with sea-damaged sugar to the indications pointed out by the plaIntiff's witnesses as showing sea-damage. "The cargo was white Babia sugar, and is stated by them to have been bleached. Parties may probably be able to form an opinion whether, if this appearance is p)roved, it is probable to have arisen from sea-damage at aS, either be- foeor afer shipmlent at Bahia. "As to the delay of three months, it must be manifest that to obtain the facts of the case tooka considerable time, and the moment we could ascertain them I returned the papers, an(d declined to settle the chaim. Much misappresion pre-vailarespecting the position of Lloyd's agent, who is, in fact, the correspondent of the committee, placed to report intelligence and look after the interest of the insurers generally. When informed that a cargo is damaged, as in this instance, he appoints brokers to report regarding the same, and then certifies to the signatures. The acts of the agents have a certain degree of weight, but they have no power to bind any company or individual underwriters. Indeed, the agent is forbidden by his instructiors to make up or sign any statement of average, either general .or particular. "I am, Sir, your obedient servant. " ARTHUR 0. HAhiIONgD. "Lloyd's, Jan. 29," The annexed letter has been received from Air. Mason, in relation to his connexion with the West- minster Iniprovesent Commission. The statements I t,o which MIr. Mason refers were distinctly described I as ex parte. What is wanted in replyfrom the opposite side is some clear history of the proceedings of the commission, in order that the public may judge where the responsibility really lies:- " Sir,-I read with great surprise in your city article of the 24th some observations upon the affairs of the Westminster Improvement Commission, in which my name is introduced. " It is apparent on the face of your statement that the sources from which your information has been derived are ex pa-tc or unauthorized documents-viz., abillinChancery, which you are probably not aware is at present unsupported by ary proof; a petition of two bondholders to the House of Lords, which was unsuccessful; and a report which you do not appear to know vws prepared without any communication with the commissioners ormyself, and was immediately rejected by the majority of the coimmittee of investigation, and withdrawn by the authors of it. It is not, therefore, surprising that serious errors occur in the article of which I complain. Among other things, it is stated that the law 1 costs and other charges have been set down at two sums of j1lO,OS21. and 148,8131.; the fact, however, is that the total amount of lawv costs ever received or claimed by mnc or i my finn for business transacted for the cornisson has been 29,5091- 2s. Gd., and no more, of which sum a very large proportion-about one-half-consists of money disb;rsed, theremainder being the total amount of professional charges for the law bsminess transacted dunrg 10 years, including the purchase and conveyance of the property forming Victoria-street and the adjacent inprovements, and the obtainingof five acts of Parliament. No one at all acquainted with the nature and extent of such business will doubt the reasonableness of that amount, and from no other source connected with the commission have I derived any profit or advantage whatever. "The two sums of 100,0821. and 148,8131. referred to in our article consist chiefly of interest on the mortgae d eond debts of the commission, and a variety of other payments whollyunconnected with the law department; the amountincluded therein forlaw costs paid to meor my fin is only 28,168& 8s. 10d., portion of the 29,509& 2s. 6d. I have already mentioned. "I entirely deny that I have ever exercisedacontrol forbidden by the provisions of the acts; this statement is wholly without foundation, as I have never acted otherwise than under the direction. and authority of the commissioners. With respect to the mortgages which are improperly designated preferential, they were clearly authoriz by the acts, and it will be a vain attempt to impeach them. Upon the statements which relate to the amount of bond debt and matters of accoumt I beg to refer to the report of lar. Croysdill, the eminent public accountant, who investigated the accounts, which were presented to the commnittee of inquiry in the early part of last year, and I think the suit now-pending in the Court ef Chancery wnll afford the commissioners a proper opjortumity of explaining their pro-eedings and the general management of the undertaldng. The circumstances which have led to the present posiiion of the bondholders are obvious-viz., a capital inadequate to the magnitude of the undertaking, the unfavourable state of the money-mark-et at the commencement and during the progress of the works, and the high value of the property in the line of Victoria-street. " As the statements in the article referred to, if uncontradicted, are calculated to inflict serious injury, I trnst you will do me the justice to allow this explanation to appear in your columns without delay. 'I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "NATEANIEL MASON. Red Lion-square, Jan. 29." The returns of circulation of the Irish and Scotch banks for the four weeks ending the 22d of Deeember, 1S55, when added together, give the following as the average weekly circulation of these banks during the past month-viz. Average circulation of the Irish banks ... ... £7,043,279 Average circulation of the Scotch banks ... 4,400,763 .Average circulation durig past month ... £11,444,042 On comparing the above with the fieed issues of the several banks, as given in the Baniking A imaioc, the following appears to be the state of the circulation The Irish banL-s are above their fixed issue .. £688,785 The Scotch banks are above their fixed issue .. 1,313,551 Total above the fixed issue ... ... ... £2,002,339 The amounts of gold and silver held at the head offices of the several banks during- the past month have been as followsv- Gold and silver held by the Irish banks ... 2,295,901 Gold and silver held by the Scotch banks ... 1,944,089 Total of gold and silver held ... £4,239,990 The above statements complete the returns of the circulation in England, Scotland, and Ireland for the month ending the 22d of December, which -were partly inserted in Thee 2imes of the 25th of January. These returns, combined with the average circulation of the Bank of England for the same period, wgi give the following results of the circulation of notes in the united kingdom when compared withthe nrevionss smnnuth sShowing a decrease of 1,105,3601. in.the circulation of notes in England, and- a decrease of 1,173,690l. in the circulation. of the united kingdomn, when compared with the month endin- the 24th of -November; and as compared writh the month ending the 23d of December, 1854, the above retbirns show a decrease of 638,1941. in the circulation of notes in England, and a decrease of 232,896. in the circulation of the united kingdom. The average stock of bullion held by the Bani of England in both departments duning the month ending the 22d* of Decembor was 31,148,6921., being a decrease of 85,616t. as compared with the previous month, and a decrease of 2,861,670Z. when compared with the same period last year. - The stock of specie held by the Scotch and Irish banks during the month ending the 22d of December was 4,239,9901., being an increase of 24,2861. as compared with the previous return,, and an increase of 378,3991. when compa^ed with the corresponding period of Last year. Thefollowing is from the Quartz Reck Mariposa Company :- "The company have receivedi advices from Mr. Waddell, dated the Lth of Decemnber ast, in wich he statez tbat the roadto the vein iscomploted, the eDgine-horse roofed in, ana a comnfortable place for the stock erected; that they are uartz which the manager says looks much rtha e expected, and most certainly pay well. And Mr. Waddell adds, 'I kcnow of nothin" now to cause delay, and haveintimated that I calcalate on the entire machinery, including the new stamps, being at work the day after Christmas; and, with a considerable part of our contract for 800 cords of wood executed, and our advanced position generally, I am enabled to form an estimate of the expenses -and results, and I think from all the workings of the quartz from the- ML-ry Harrison vein my lowest estimate of its yield, $25 per ton, will be at least borne out. Assuming the cost of working and amalgamating to be S15 per ton, and Royalty $4, making $19, at $25 per ton it would leave a profit of 30 per cent., and al it yields above that will be additional gain. If it comes up to hfr. Phillips's estimate ($33 per ton) after his trial of it at Mount Ophir *Vorks, the returns will be very handsome indeed when wrorking on an exctensive scale, and I don't despair of reducirg the expense -of work;ing the quartz to about $12 per ton, wirems we cane get good men.'"
STATE OF TRADE. MAINCHESTER, J.,,. 29. Tle market; has exhibited a stronger and more healthy feeling to-day both in yarns and cloths. In 40-inch shirtings of all kinds an advance of lid. per piecohasbeenestablished, and some favourite makes of longeloths are also 1ld. per piece dearer. Some large contracts have been placed, and several kinds of fabrics have been rather difwicult to buy. In yarns, also, a liare business has been transated, the demand being generaf from almost nil1 markets. MIanufacturers have hao to give fully '~d. per lb. more than was paid last week for cops, and the advance sn yarns for export is about the same. To the lst of failures recently named wye have to add that of MTessrs. Richard Clarke and Sons, cotton-sNinners and manufacturers, Worsley. The liabilities inc ude a heavy mortgage, which is secured by real property worth 30,000., and the shipping liabilities, estimated at 25,000t., are coversd by consigmnents. The trade debts are 16,000?., towards which the stock and other available assets are expected to realize a considerable amount. Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report:-" Owing chiefly, if not entirely, to the brightening prospect of a speedy return to peace, our market has been gradually improving during the last tendays. There has been averyteadyobusness done at hardening raties, and to-day the extreme prices of Tuesdayilast are readily obtained. On 40-inch shcotings, which have been much dePressed, and on sosed descriptions of longeloths, for which there is a rery active demand, an advance of fully lAd. per piece is established." I-EEDS, J,u. 29. The wvant of definite information on the subject of the proposed negotiations for peace, with the doubts which are entertained as to the probablility of an amicable conclusion among the belligerent Powvers, has engrossed a good deal of attention among our merchants and mianufacturers this morning; and, although the tone of the woollen cloth trade is cheerful and fizn, the aggregate amount of the goods which have changed hands to-day is barely to an average extent, and not so mmge as is often usual at this season of the year. There is a fair amount of business doing by direct order, and the operatives are enjoying a good share of employment. No material improvement or change in the markets, either for wools or woollen goods, is expected till after the question of peace or a continuation of the war be settled. As is observed by .an able commercial writer in the Leeds Inteliigencer of this morning, "the hope is universally expressed that the question may be set; at rest as speedily as possible; for during the last; two yearstrade has beenso little interfered with tihat the contminance of the present state of uncertainty for a few weeks may be productive of far greater mischief than a continnance of on hostlities." HUDDEEFIELD,JAe. 29. The market for woolen and mixed fabrics here to-day has been fully as good as on this day week, and a fair amount of blacks, steel, and brown mixtures, anions, and low goods have been sold. Prices are steady beth for goods and wool, and the demand is much the same.
THE COR TRADE. .0 TXV"PIWIT. P-.- -T,- )a The arrivals from Irdandaidcoastwidusodugthepast week hate. been lmberal of oatmeal andoate but rmallof other articles.. om foreign ports wc have received 24,3lS quisters of whet rof wuhiih 13,079 p quartee IW from ot 2,831 quartes of beans. 2230 quarters of ncas,23,gS0 quarters of friran corn. 1.010qbarrels of pndiancornmeal.' 3,370 eacks and pe,r61 barrels of ilor; and, from Canada, 3,a0y quarters of wheat,. The exports wthesame timo eompr se 7xr qursters of wheat, 4,433 quarters of Indian corhn 1.109 sacks and 393 barolstof- tour. There has been Little animaton in the trade dnr ng tle past weelq and p.rces ofal anl articlespcontinu to showauchwanress. In-a dan omr has declined to 37s. dyl to 3sa. Per quarter for prime mixed, being nearly 2s. per quanrter uder the rates of Tuedalr1as The weather, vvhich throughout the past week has been extremely storn and Wet, has tins morning suddenlychanged, ' adwo have hardf frowst At this day's market there was mot a thmi attendance of tir town and count-ry trade, and Lttle elis.cositron to buywvasecvinced. Wheat and dour met wiith anextromedy slow sale, ata decline of 3d. per 701bh and ls. to sfe e pseruacktnduatreL Oats and eatnsea wre alsoericnlt tomove, although offered atareduction of ItL to Wd. per 421b., and IS to Is Ltd. per loald on prices of this day wveek. liarley beans, and peas were quite neglected, and must ho noted Id. pere~0lb., andla. 0rquarterlower. Indian corn met with amoderate inqiry for Ie d,andS aofortherinteror, for feeding purpoes and rome busiess wag dono at 37s. to 37. 0 cL perouarter for prime mixed Aneicane, tho market closing wvith sellers at the lesser figure; prime wvhite was ob. tatnable at 40s. to 41s, per quarter. LtlaD9. TOEenAZ .TArc. 29. Wheat supports last Tuesday'spfioet, and in someofew caseasa tifling advance is obtained, but there Ss not much aetivity in the trae,' Barley fetches; fully late quotalions. Oais and beans a trifle lowrer. AIIIVAS Sl!l'CX T;Hf5 DAY wEK B=0ITOL JAIN. 29.. .. Under the iluence of dull report from LoAnon anDf igireool Om market to-day fm er receded aboutls Der quarter from Iaa.Tbur days prices forforeign wbeat, with apoormle att.bt decline. tin oate nothing doing. Mating barley in :air reqaest, but gdnding 4%mpleo axe the tain rnfyour of buy=e - - . I THE BRIDGwATER CAxA.-After a negotiation1 which has been pending for some time past, the Bridg. water trustees lave entered into an agreeaent to lease the Bridgwater Canal and the Old Quay Navigation to the Nort Staffordshire Railway Company for a long term. By this arrangement the company have secured a terminw in i&verpool, with the deck accommodation and warehousing room. They have opened a direct and free et)miunicat!on between the 3Mersey and the Hrunber;t and, so far as regardn the Liverpool traflc, they have rendered thomseles in a pecat measulre indepcndent of the London and NorthzWestern Company. -Manchiesien- (Stt'cf.itw.
RAILWAY A-D MILING SHARES. Tnesdzy Evening. TAe railway-market has been steady to-day, with a fair amount of business. Less peculative activity has been apparent, owing to the near approach of the account. The shares of the Austalian land and banking companlies were well supported, but the operations were not extensive. Canada Land were purchased at 132, and closed 131 to 136. Mining escriptons exhibited firmness, increased transact ons having taken place. ORDIA1Y SWAhRZ A m-
THEu OmAL Am ac QumsAIo.-The public discussion upon the controversy with Great Britain respect. ing the interpretation of the Clayton-Buiwer treaty proceeds upon the assusption that occupation and the right of dominion over the territory in question are in themnselves desirable; but that the mutual agreement to abstain from acquisition in that region was based upon the benefit that would accrnotto either fromthe exclusion of the other. As furnisking a convenient route for transit, even in its present urixaroved state, its capadity has been practically de. monstrated for several years past - and when the increasing commerce of the worldshall Justiythe constructionthrough it of a ship canal, connectingthe two oceans, its imprtance for that object will be proportionably increased, this is clearly set forth, and fully admitted by the contracting parties in the treaty referred to. In fact, the agreement to gnarantee the freedom of the right of way over the isthmus, -under restrictions admitting of no discrimination in favour or to the prejudice of any nation, from its prominence and -the definiteness of its expression, deserves to be considered as the distinctive feature of that treaty. The stipulations in respect to colonizing, fortifying, &e., were probably regarded as tending to prevent the violation of the neutrality of the transit route by diminishing the means and opportunity of interfering with its use or impairing its valun, whetherthroughtheinstrumentalityof moral inDuence .orphysicalforce. Apartfromitsimportanceas the gatewayof the oceans, the country offers little inducement either to American or British occupation; nor would its possession by one of the parties tend to the injury or embarrassment of the other. Indeed, it msy be assumed, in view of the character of Central Anerican population, and of the neces.sity and expense of maintaining a military government in that country, that the adiunistration of its affiirs in tho mode that either of two nations would be likely to eadopt would be of essential advantage (as affecting commercial relations with it) to the other. The liberal colonial policy pursued of late years by Great Britain masleft us nothmKe to ask of her in respect of facilities for trade wit.h the E:ast or West Indiesunderher control, or with her North American possessions. I her poltical cor. nexion with them secures to her any pecular advantagea those are no greater than she merits for her services *to humanity in developing and extending their resources mid tpenin their commerce with the world. She. allows to them the largest measure of individual liberty and social and civil rights consistent With domestic peace and security, andprotects them in the enjoyment of those privileges from foreign aggression. Her liberaity and justice are a- gdirantee toforeigners of fair dealng in intercourse with thb people of her colonies, and of impartiality and respect for right in the determination of all questions - growiug out of the, transactions of trade. In a period of peace no one can suppose that she would take any advantage, not ofs 3fosquito . protectorate, but, if she possessed3it, even of absolute ana ex. catsive dominion in the country, to impairthe fullestexeontion and amplest observance of any agreement -into -which she. might- enter respecting a route of transit within its limits. On the contrary, it wihibe conceded that herpower there would vastly enhance the- value cf-the right of way, by putting its exercise beyond the hizard of molestation. These considerations do not, of course, affect- the constrxtctioaof the treaty which has bee actully concluded -betwdeen thc two Governments, and the stipulations and berios - of whiich both are bound to coniply with. But, in the event of thepossible abrogationof that treaty, through i5rability-of the parties interested to agree -upon its interpr-tAttion, -they - may serve to reconcile the public -mind to-a r.enewal of -negotiatiens3, havin in Yiew a treaty less ambigouous in its pur port than that wh3ich has givens rise toneo much harassig discussion, as preferable to the certain calamnities and uinceartain issue of the arbitrsinent of wMY.-AR3w E'mrl, d'vsrn3
I From Sic LONDON A ZXBTTX of -uugiiay, Jan. 25. -?T IPACE OF ~WESTIMIMSTE R, LORD GREAT CHAIW,; I BERLAINS OFcE. JA-. 2. All IrOeresses, On announcing their intention of being present con the occasion of the opening of Parliamaent on, Thsurdy, the 31st of January, will have places reserved for. them in the House of Lards, if the announcement be made at this office before 5 o'clock- on Weclnesday the 30)th inst. reers' eldest sons wilihave tic'kets for the Lerers eldest; Sons ben- forwarded to thema, upon a written or personq_ applica,tion at the office. No Etrangers can be admitted, except by a tick,et from the; LodZt Great Chamberlain. !ike cloors will be opened at 12 o?cloc'k. WILLODUGHBY DE EIIESBY, G.C. jELtraet from the Dublinc Goaetc of the 25thL of January.] 'CROWN AND) IHA-APER-OFFICE, ])URLlN. npuaace of an act passed in the 40th year of the reign: fHs jesty King George IIL, entitled, "An Act to regulate the foeb hc he Lords Spiritnal andTemporal and th omn osrein the Parliament of the Unitecl K[ingdom, on the tart of Ireland, shall be summoned aud r returned to the said Parliament," I do hereby give notice that the Right Hon. James Viscount Lifford has been, chosn by a majority of votes to be the Peer to sit in the' House o Lords of theunited kingdom, in the room of Joh Vi'scount de Vesor, deceased Date the 23d day of January, 1856. For C. Frsumaox, Cleric of the Crown and C. O'COXNEILFIAXO4Deputy. FOREIGN-OFFICE, JA?r. 25. The Queen has been pleased to approve of MAr. William Watson as Consul at Liverpool for the republic of Venezuela. JAw. 26. The Queen has been pleasedl to approve of Don Fernando Montoya, Marquis of Caballero, as Consul atb St. John's, Newfoundland, for Her Majesty the Queen of Spain. BOARIi OF TRADE. The C-ommittee of the Privy CouLncil for Tradle and Plantations have received a copy of a despatch from Hler Majesty's Consul at Rotterdain enclosing a translation of a law passedl by the Netherlands Government, establishig, as theeinmeniond, mpot dtie unilJarnuary 1,1857, on Her M1ajestys Amabassador at Paris a copy if a desptch, enclosing a copy of a French Imperia decree, reguaing, as thereint set forth, import duties upon wool, anad draw. backs on t'he expotation Of wo1olLeInmanulfactUreS. The3 drawbacks are o b e nsideredi as applicable for six months from the 1Rth of January inst. 'he Comiittee of Prxivy Council for T~rade and Plantations have also received n copy of a French Imperial decree, establishing a drawback of Of. per 100 kilogrammes on the exportation of sulphate ofsodIa. WHITEHALL, JAtZ. 25. The-Lord Chancellor has appointed the following gentle. man to he a Commissioner to administer oaths in the High. Court 'Of Chancery in England- Jolsa Harry Jonathan Wtoodward VY the Lons -Lnwm'rep-r of the Couqt of FornAr- ForfarssdCiue-aria R,egisetotlltiitia, ties.-.TolinClervatric=hatos. gnt, to be Secoad-Licut.; George Audhterinis, gent., to be By the Lo Rn-LTEUTsyAssT of the Coumfy of SomErxS=r Ist Somerset Regiment of Mlit-la.---EsignPratten to bemient, tire Builoek, resigned. ild1Somerset Regiment of h,tilta.--john GrntWilson, -LD., to be Assist.-Burg., vice Jobnson, resigued. By the Lop.r.-LTFrFsvreN-Tof the County of S ussa-_ ArtIleroy Battalion of the Royal Sussex Slilitia.-leut. Hlenryllasy Cate ole to ea Cat.-e West, resigned; Isieut.F:rancis Barchardto be Capt.,vc Sct resine. Light InfantryBattallon of the Royal Su3sax: 3litia.-Lols Daniel Braeat Genesrte, gent., to be Ensign. B7y theLomn)-LTzuTonsAar% of the Counity of SAJLor'. ghropshire Regiment of Sllltia.-EnaoignEdwarI Beck tote.Vent. vice P1hillipson: Ensign EdwinAndrew Cchret to bre Lient., lrice Oar. diner, reslgned: John Leche Roseland, gent., to be Ensign. By the Loani-Ln=xYroNes-rof the county of SturRA:nn'roy. ampshir Militza Artillmr--Second-Licirt. Richard0'awson to be By te Lan-ssuoass-rOf the County ofI CNIVERm'AND-r. Roya Coberand egieto: 3miitia.-Tsouias Bowe Steele, cent., totbe Ensign, vice Hfamen. promoted. Sly the Loun-L=uTryrA?-r of the County of Kxssr. Kenit Militia Regiment of Artillsry.-Second Lirut. Edward Henrjy: Jackson totbe Lieut.. vice Kirkpatriek,promoted The following'places baTe been duly registered for the sDlemntmizaro Dif maragstherein:- Inidepen;dent Chapel, Lynton Devonshire. Hope Chapel, Devouport. The Tranisfiguration,london-wall. P'ARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. Weedhsan and Co.. Leeds, glass bottle manufacturers: as far an cicards G. Needham,.-Parris and Sons Tivixtorn, Devonshire. builders]EL.T.', and H. Taylor. Binrley and Xeiidilqy. Yorkshire, drapers-G. Tolson and Co.. Newbury, Yorkshire mag merehanta.-W. Humlrroyond W. F. Plarker, late of Gcosvenor-row, Pimlice, clothlers.--S. Partridge R. S, Pric. and K. Prire, Chanspede, calico i6rintem.-R. Ciarbe si Son. 'Worsley and Manchester, cotAon mnanufacturers; as far as regarxls ItL Clarke.-Dallii- reox an d Ada ms. Wa rmin ste r. vetW n arysrrz geons.-Htickson andI Auton. Sheffield. painterss-J. Hicknian andW. W hite: Chclticb-an grocers-J. and G. Short, Chesterfield. cerriers.- R C. LaughierandiJ. Greenberry. Bre-iet,Oxford-fstreet, comnmission agents.-S. and A.. Berton. Itarden-place, Peekham, clock. nmakers.-.oxon and Co., South Shields. printers.-T. C. Hincksmarxand J. Furress, Preston.Lacashie. ia spinners-Powell and Banviler, Manchester. silk fassr.H n Bleasdale. P!rston, corn mllers.-ER B, and J. Curmmlng. iann. Belmont, near fLolion. Lanes. shire cotton-spirnems-Faxiess and Kilpin, liverpool, joincrs.-T. Shepherd sand F. Jones, Mlanchester. carpet manufacturneri-Charies Chmnmeul sand Co., Sheffield, steel cons-erters.-It. M. and M. Allan Newcastlo-upon-Tyne. attoraeys.-H. Thomas. J. Billimgham, G1. While5 andE._ Thomas. Llandaif.hbariron manufacturers aslar as Tegasids 3. BfMingham.-Martin, Washibonrn, a ad Lloyd.-J. and T. Gore, York. street, Westminster. and Arthur-terrae, Cstdonian-road.ecalemakers. -H. W. Castle. J. Jones and J. Wortley. Love-lane. Aldermanhury. wacehousemen ; aste faremrgards J. Wortley.-W. Paitoic'koan and K. Wilson Rnembury-park, lslington. schoolmasters.-B. Aldr-ed andE W. Partingtoni, Darcy Lever. lascashire, coal yrJcn.mretoiss-EnglandL and Williams. Liverpool, irenfonaders-T. an . Sharpe Colejil-. terrace, Kigsra,Cesea. lincndzapra.ltargave and Jackson. Leeds, joiners.-Rt. and B. Pacrl, TL ro drapers-S. Lees sail 3. Singleton. Manchester. jotners.-Wrighst and Mercer, Aslbton-in.- Mfakerfield. Lancashire mister oaal nminers-Daffus and CummniaLC, Aberdeen, ship chandlera DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. J. Pennyacld, Wooluoich. grocer-first div. of Is. PsI. on`Wedne:rday next, and three subsequent Wedlnesda3-s, atlMa1. Edearde's, Sambrnok-, court. Basinghiail-street. J. Turnmr Hedge-cow. Hig-street, Ielington. draper-second dir, of d., on'Wedneaday aext,land threeosubsequent Wedlcedays,at r. Ed. wards's. Sambrook-court, Basinghall-street. T. Toynbee, SlDugh, horsedcaler-flrst dir. of 30d., any Monday, aJt Mlr. Cannaans. Aldermnanbury. S. Seal, Little Queen-strt Holteom. china dealer-firet div. of 3. arrs, ommrcil-ad, Lamibeth. and clsiwhere petter-first dlv ofSid. ny ondy.at Mlr. Canan'es, Aldermanhury. W,Gliruen Datfod,clothiec-first div, of s 7d.. any Monday, at M.Canaans, Aldermanbury. J. Feene.e Liverpool, eatinghousekeeper-flrst div. of 9s. 3d., any Blonday. at -',T. Bird's,, Lives-pout. r. Sharlarnd,rPenzanr. xalor-flrtt div. of 60. 4l,d., any Tuesday or Friday. at3ty. Hirtzel's, E'xeter. FL A. Leekt, Carey Stiell. SomersetWhre dlaper-flrst div. of Ss., any Tuesday or Friday, atlitr. Hirtzrels, Exeter.I G. N. Belt. Tiverton. druggist-first dir. otf-5. Did., any Tuesda oc Friday. at Mlr. Hirtzel's. Exeter. it. W. Wyllie, St. Le-onard's, Deronshict fax acisteher-frina div. or M anyTLiesay orFriday, at Mr. Hus-tzel's, Exeter. W. B. hiteway.Kingsleighton. Devonshire. mialer-flrgt div. of 2. file, any Taesday or Friday. at Mr. Hlirtze's. Exeter. 0.3 Jevey Baustple hokselerturhediv. of 2o. 2id. ant T. . Bsle. Tveron . secnd ir,of2as, any Tuesday oc BANKRUPTS. Albert Mlew Judd.U per-street. Islington, licensed victualler. to, surrender Yeb. 7, at2i o'clock, March 10 at I at the Bakirulpta' Court; solicitors, Messrs. M1artineau and RriA. .ttymend-buidldingsi, Gray'is; inn. officlal assignee, Mr. Johnson. Basihsln .ret. Joseph Clay-worth, Graoechursdh-strct. poulterer, Feb. 23. a6t 2 o'clock, March11 It z.1 at theB&nkrusptComrt: solicitor, Imr. Chidley, Grsa-tet Wau MU Stamsfeld.I John Hery= tt, crian-terrace, East Brixon, stationer, Pleb. 1% 2, to'clock,. fas-ch IL at 2, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicItor. Mn Moss, Graceerurch-siroct; officia aasine,Mr Sllunsfeld. -James Fraser. Lower Thames-street. vine merchat, Fell. 12, at 2 o'clock, March 11. at S. at the Bankrupts' Court: solleitomv, Messrs. Mordon and Prihabrd. Christchureh-charribers, Newgate-stroet: .official assignee. 3Mr. Lee, Aldecrmasbury. ,Henry Fairweather, Norwich, upholsterer. Feb. 7. HMarchs 15. at 12 'cloack, at thec B ankr upts' Court solici tors, Mless r. lawcamsce. Pleurs and Boycr, Old Jewoy-chambeas; oflicial assignee. Mr. Fennal Guild. lall-chambers, Basinghail-street. George Thomas Bate. WVest B3roiwiels, Staffordshire. grucar. Feb. Il. Mambol, athalf.past 10 O'clocz, at the BiTnaiugham Dlistrist Court- or Bankruptcy: solicitor. H1r. Southall, Birmingham; officia assigueei M1r. Christie, Birm-ingham. Samuel Barnes Oldburny, Woree,st,ershlne,draper Fb11. Has-ftb at half-past 10 o'clock, at the BiamtiughamDiletort1Bak rudtcy:. soliritors, Messrs. Hodgsoan and Allen. B1irminghamn; offical assignee, Hfr. Christie. Birminiglma. George Wells, Worcester, hocused victualler. Feb. 9 and 211, at ! o'clock, at the Birmingham DistrictCourt of Bankruptcy: solicitors. 31ts. Finch, Worcester; Messrs. Wright, Birniogham; official assigneel Mfr. Whitmore. Bimzningbmam. Samuel Bentley Woodhouse. Lelcester, deaer tin general hbsIery, Feb. 12% March 2, at half-past 10 o'clock, at the B3irmningham District Court of Bankr%tcy. Nottinhans: solicitor. M1r. Hawker Leicester; circw ssinee .Harris. Noitingbham. William Shsictdlif Laughborough sand Quomaden, TLeessehirit manrufaclirer of hosiery, Feb. 12, MAelih IL at half.past 1 o'clock, ai the Birminigham District Courtot Bankrupty Xottinghamn: solictors, Mlr. Cooie, Nottinghuam: and Mfessrs HarIsn and Wood Zis-- mmoiaghm offisealasirneei, Idr. Harcis. Nottinhm Benjai Farmer, Brso,bdr. Feb. 11"IMarch 12, at uls'clock, at taBris1FtolDitritCourt of Bnaukptey; ;Solicitors. Messmmrs. =ra and Gir BLs-ilol: ffcialassgnee, 1.Acramha. Bristol. Fa Willand, Devonshire, im epe.rFelb. 7. Mard 6 at! 'clokg t ~le Eeter District Court of Bnrptcy: solicilorS6 Mr. Hictadrel, Exeter.te; ~ aiinm Robert IUchee, Bury, Lancasbtcrt paper seanuirsetoer, Feb.' 9. March 6, aLt 1o'clock, at the Mandchester Distric-t Court of Bank. ruptegy: ,,olilctor, Mr. Itoyle, Manchester; efficli *9assgoO Mr. lies. namn,Mnchtertm Feb. 20. E. Jones Strand. woollen drapae-Feb. Me W- Hlt&lvm and C. C. Scanner, Imli-lmgo,1scarUxbrdg,l&to-S,tem&iiiuIvremsFeb. -19, -J. A. Clarke sand j~ PAilior aeside, war"hhouls.mma. Feb.139. 0. Frasi Caledonian-road and. Geldenilsis BMrbeAn. iron. founder.-Feb. 19, S. Smilth. no raexw, Shaorediteb, e'srm&an.-r. Feb. 19, W. Rich and it ana,Zuk-lssie, taile.,-.Feb. 19, it, T'ylor. Watta'-terrwcs, Old Kf~rese- al,bker.-Fih. 29,.. .FL nc Old Cbange, straw. hat amUaasfactnrmr-Frb. 21. K- P.utler. aes rIckering-terrace, Bays-ater. iroemseagr.-Fb.1.I..BelSOi Jewrry.ehamhers, encehant,-Feb. V- A. r.olmr.sro, at chant.-Feb. 26, 8. Lowe. 3Derrl, B nnf*tasrFb Il Adaluson and IL H. Bell Sansp ad. r 21W, . Brockett New=talo5j.D-TySn%. oa-., am cta.oe scxrenoer.-Feb. 22. 15 ek,endsl, I~tsead nkee, Fob. 21 .K Lumaden and J. ItsgJas, She O.seiz hionas OERTW0IATFStlobeg d*usleVAv,.Wmr sit jh Tn he eotsrM Feb. 19. IL COr, R6dnW WOoebdy IuQ'r5: TMutt~Xrat street. Cavendish-uwtor-_~'Nb I= , ]'B ess na ;se and Clink-stredt. SautbIs'rrxl !"10 e.ra~n,-Ieb.220 Jgse,1elne. Honey-lane, M-ilk-Streett 19. ..KjWaki' YshiedS.foibulwg .-ss I roer, -Feb 19 K. Lnaroben, Siutl.tt.audstmre cot Kile~-I'b ! B fhetcerG 8mw-edge Croel$on. George 7~~~~totel. Pert)ilor Hale],~~~~~~~~~~~~t il IY -rl it x
LOZNDON, WEDNfESDAY, JAlARY30, 1856. Assuredly Russia has not turned to pacific counsels precipitately or unwisely. The change appears abrupt from the stern uncompromising pretensions of last spring; nay, even from Coiut NES,SELIODE's proposition of last autumn. But to a Power acting on the principles and placed in the position of Russia such abruptness is unavoid-, able. The modem PHAROAH has no servants to tell him to his face, in the presenec of his Court and his- people, that Egypt is destroyed. There is no press to thunder in the ears of Government the tidings of ruin and disaster; there are no public meetings to give utterance to sorrow and suffering, no petitioners to carry their grievances with decent remonstrances to the foot of the throne. Each village, each province must suffer in silence, and the iron hand of military repression allows no union and no concert. The Russian constitution has but one article, and for the execution of that one publicity is by no means requisite. While war was raging -we heard and knew little of what passed witlhin the Russian frontier, and, though every one must have felt how absurd were Mr. COBDEsN's prophesies of a permanent resistance, it was impossible to confute him by a reference to contemporary facts which a jealous despotisml shrouded in impenetrable obscurity. Since,however, the assent to the Austrian propositions of peace, the veil has been partially withdrawn, and we have the opportumity of contemplating a little more closely the melancholy position of a Power whichl Mr. COBDEN, with his usual prophetic felicity, has just depicted to us as not only invincible but unassailable. Russia has been busy for many years in accumulating fortresses, armis, and artillery, but she has neglected two things, the want of which has humbled her ambition to the dust-the supply of men and the means of internal transport. WVe learn from the most undoubted authority that she is reduced to a state which even her bitterest enemies cannot regard without mingled feelings of compassion at so mruch suffering, and indignation at the heartless and griping ambition from which it flows. Conscription has followed on conscription till the most patient and docile of human beings, weary of the increasing and insatiable demands of the human shambles to which they are driven, have risen in resistance, and opposed the force of despotism with the sad force of misery and despair. In many places the land lies untilled for want of cultivators, and the landed proprietor is ruined by the wholesale destruction of that human property which, in a thinly peopled country like Russia, alone gives to an estate its, value. Meanwhile the pastoral wealth of these vast wildernesses has perished like the agricultural population that cultivated them. The cattle are seized and carried off for land transport, a service from which none return. At St. Petersburg the gloomiest apprehensions prevailed, and so scanty was labour that every criminal, of whatever offence convicted, was sent off to work at the defences of Cronstadt. The precious nietals are rapidly disappearing from circulation, to be replaced by an issue of eight millions in paper assignats, so that the currency is rapidly falling -to a level with the population and the means of subsistence. Russia cals upon Europe to appreciate her motives, and Europe can have no difficulty in complying with the invita-I tion. In the meanwhile, we have at length succeeded in getting together a hundred thousand troops such as we never had before, and in arming and equipping a fleet as much superior to that of the last two years as they in their turn were to the puny navies with which the Romans and Carthaginians contended for the supremacy of the 'Mediterranean. We have now accumulated that force which we ought to have poseed at the beginning of the war, or rather the possession of wbich would have effectually prevented the occurrence of that great European calamity. Truly, Russia has done well ard wisely in no longer protracting a struggle in which, while her- own strength has so manifestly diminished, that of one at least of her antagonists has increased in almost equal proportion, and we ara bound also to admit that, actuated by a consciousness of her own weakness, she has behaved in the matter of the peace witl a frankness and straightforwardness which do not always preside over her policy or direct her negotiations. From all these considerations there results, undoubtedly, a conclusion very favourable to the prospects of peace, since Russia, a country the most eager for war, is unable to prosecute it, and we, whose state of advanced preparation has rendered us really formidable, have no wish but for a safe and honourable peace. The only danger which seems to threaten this pleasing prospect is the extraordinary and unaccountable eagerness of French statesmen to sign anything, to embrace any terms, to waive any demands, so that they may only put an end to hostilities. Having won great and well-deserved credit before Sebastopol, French statesmen are naturally anxious to put an eird to a struggle which has been glorious and successful, without again tempting the capricious favour of fickle Fortune; but such open and undisguised eagerness tends much more to defeat than promote the ends and interests of peace. How long will Russia continue in her present direct and straightforward course if she be taught to believe that one member of the great Western alliance has adopted the principles of peace at any price ? She must be dealt with rfinmIy and warily. We have only to be steady and resolute, and we may command all that we require -present peace, and a reasonable guarantee for its continuance. But as much caution ought to be exercised in arranging the conditions of peace as those of a sale or a partner'ship, and no man makes his bargain the better by showing an overweening eagerness for its completion. 'Under these circumstances it is a matter of no small congratulation that Paris is to be fxed on as the scene of the conferences. Its vicinity to London wil facilitate that immediate communication between the two Western Powers which wil secure a perfect understanding between them, and enable the French EMPERoR to act, as it is most desirable that he should act, virtually as his own negotiator. Whatever terms the Western Powers agree to demand, we are convinced thatRussia, in her present state, cannot afford to refuse; and, though this is no reason for arrogant pretensions or presumptuous exactions, it offers a high premium for persevering in that union of coumsels and principles which has hitherto been crowned with so glorious a result. We cannot afford to put the new-found moderation and good faith of Russia to too severe a trial, or to dazzle eyes but just recovered from a glittering vision of universal empire by an exhibition of anything that might offer the slightest temptation to intrigue or procrastination. The preliminaries of peace must be signed in Paris, and this cannot be for some weeks, as the Ottoman Ambassador, who must be a party to them, has not yet left Constantinople. We hope that this interval of inevitable delay will be employed in placing our demands in such a form that Russia will have nothing to do but to say "Yes" or " No" to each of them, and in prearranging that on the first utterance of the latter monosyllable the conferences shall be at an end, and recourse again had to other, and hitherto not less efficacious methods, of persuasion than notes and protocols.
We are about as candid as most people in our remarks on our country, our public policy, and our national character. Yet we do not quite believe the Englishman to be the sort of animal hIr. BRIGnT takes him for. WVe do not believe that the British people at large have the vanity to fight for mere glory, and need to be told that they have won only a moderate quantity of it in this war. We do not believe that they desire to murder the Russians, simply from the temper forbidden in " the " decalogue." We do not believe that they rushed into this w. ar in order to share the spoils of Turkey on the purely hypocritical pretence of asserting her independence. They are not under any extraordinaly mistake as to the nature of the terms under which peace is likely to be made, nor do they think Russia degraded by the acceptance of those terms. They show no such marvellous ignorance as to the nature of the points under consideration as Mr. BRIGHT ascribes to them. They do not entertain a dark suspicion that ships going up the Danube never return; but, on the other hand, they have not forgotten that in the shoals which the Russians wilfuUly permitted to collect at its mouth there might be seen at once the wrecks of forty or fifty vessels. The British people don't find the word " neutralization" too long to be understood, or, in fact, much more difficult than " countelpoise " or " limitation." It may be added, that the national memory is not so short as to forget-what Mr. BRIGHT ingeniously puts out of sight-that we did not go to war with Russia till Russia, in spite of our remonstrances, had attacked our ally; and that the war has not been for four, or five, or any number of points, but to repel and subdue an invasion. The quality of Mr. BRion'fs own head and heart we shall not pronounce upon as g,libly as he does upon ours; but we do not thinkL with him that the British people are almost wholly destitute of those organs, or only possess them in some embryo, imperfect, diminutive, and even spurious form. In our humble opinion they have as good a general idea of the wvar as Mr. BRIG}HT hiimself, and know very well why we umdertook it, and how it is we can now consent to close it with honour and success. Did Ar. BRIGBT realy think and feel as he speaks-were it not obvious that he is only acting a part-his countrymen might certainly throw back upon him the contempt which he affects for them. Indeed, on Mr. BRIGoHTs own principles, he is now in some difficulty. - We are making peace on certain terms, and it suits Mr. BRrIHT's purpose to say that those terms are by no means unfavourable or dishonourable to Russia, or in the smallest degree profitable to ourselves. On that view of the case it might be supposed that we and all who are content with peace on such terms are entitled to some credit at the hands of a professed peacemaker. Modern peacemaking, however, is not this sort of thing. Mr. BRIGHIT is doing his very best to make the English utterly out of heart, and ashamed of the peace that is to be made. It is no mor6,, he says, than what we rejected last April, and all the blood and moneyspent in themeantiniehavebeen lavished in vain. With that convenient memory which leads Mr. BRIGHT to forget that Turkey was aln " ally," even when lie quotes the declaration of var, that she was actually invaded by Russia, and that long ere we interfered Russia had pounced upon her navy and destroyed it, he also asserts the proposition now made with regard to the Black Sea to be identical with one made by Russia last April. The proposition then made, not by Russia to the allies, but by somebody to somebody-it was never clear who-was that Russia and Turkey should settle between themselves what fleets they should keep in the Black Sea. The particulars of the present proposition are not yet before the world, but they certainly amount to much more than a general license to Russia to arrange with Turkey the supremacy of the Euxine. If it be demanded by the allies and agreed by Russia that only a certain number of vessels of light draught shall be kept by the two rowera brderiug on the no, that the naval fortresses and arsenals destroyed by the allies shall not be rebuilt, and that the European States may keep consuls at those ports, hIr. BRrGHr will find it difficult to discover these stipulations in the proposal said to have been made by somebody to somebody last April. In these days the first thing a man does when he wants to abuse his neighbour is to caU him clever; and Mr. BRIGHT accordingly says that tho view taken by the press of the war and of the present peace negotiations requires a sort of hothouse education to understand it. We think, however, that every man who knows anything at all about the matter is aware that three years ago Russia was dangerous to Europe; that she almost had Turkey in her gripe; that this obiect once secured, and this position occupied, Russia would have found it easy to advance her frontier further southward, eastward, and westward; that the Emperor of Russr%, supported by the fanaticism of his people, was resolved on this game; that now, on the other hand, after two years of war, Russia has received a check that must throw her back and keep her within her own borders for several generations. Really it takes no unusual wit to understand this. It addresses itself to the comprehension of the labourer and the cotton-spinner, and. Mr. BnRIGHT would hardly venture to dispute it. Will he say that Russia was not ambitious andformidable in 1853, or that she is so in 1856 ? There is nothing very artificial and recondite in this question. It does not require that a man should have a University education to understand it. It does not suppose the cultivation of the head at the expense of the heart. Yet just this question, which comprehends the whole war, is that which MIr. BiaioT very carefully conceals. Ie revels in details of money and blood; he surenders or patronizes the Turk, as suits the purposes of his argum%ient ; he represents the suppovters of the war as either obstinate or base, or both; he upbraids us for what we would not take, and derides us for what we are likely to 'have. There is no figure of rhletoric omitted by this simple-hearted man; but he will not venture to deny that Russia was steadily advancing on Europe, and more or less threatening the liberties of every State in it, only three years ago, and that now she is a prisoner to her own territory, and no longer an object of terror to the smallest State in Europe. Mr. BrIGHT will not deny that the propositions under discussion indicate and greatly secure that result. Then, what is the use of all this criticism on their terms, and this scarcely serious attempt to make them out the same as we refused last April? Mluch as we have spent, small glory as we have won, we have at least gained the great object of the war, and that is the feeling that we are free, and that for many ages Russia will not be the master or even the bugbear of Europe.
There is no man at the present moment more popular with his countrymen than Sir Ewrui LYONS. Probably no congratulation of late has been more sincere than that wvhich the assembled inhabitants of his native place have just offered to their returned celebrity. His name is well ;nown both in war and diplomacy; he has been both a spirited sailor and an upright representative. The present great struggle, which has seen so many opportunities lost, so many dreams dispelled, so many reputations shattered, has given him fame and popularity. If the greatest of our Generals has confessed by a motto that in his case Fortune was the companion of Merit, we may say, without disparagement of Sir E. LYONS'S abilities, that a great occasion and a singular coincidence of events have united to raise him to the position in which he now stands. It was his lot two years since to be second in command to an Admiral who, excellent as were many of his qualities, certainly failed to raise the enthusiasm of his officers or satisfy the hopes of the country. When people at home, rightly or wrongly, murmured at the relaxed blockade of Sebastopol, and the impunity of the fleet inside it, they turned with a kind of instinct to the subordinate Admiral, who was understood to be in favour of bolder warfare. A second in command not a little resembles in position the Crown Prince of a continental Court, in whose succession the hopes of the discontented always foresee a change of system. Those who looked forward with pleasure to the appointment of Admiral LvYOD;s to the highest post had, however, more than a vague trust in his superior fitness. IHe displayed at least the resolution of his character by his advocacy of the Crimean expedition. Although the events we speak of are hardly eighteen months old, yet the crowd of intervening incidents seems to tllrow them back into the distant past. But the doubts, the fears, the open forebodings which preceded the embarcation at Baltshik may be readily recalled. Far be it from us to taunt any member of those frequent and divided councils with his opposition to the terrible campaign which has now ended. Success has been too dearly bought, and was too long doubtful, for any one to do more than rejoice with modesty that all has ended weL Yet, for the very reason that we would blame none for shrinking in such an hour, it is all the more just to render tribute to a man whose resolve to brave all perils has led us on to such momentous success. It will also not be forgotten that to Admiral LYo.Ns it is chiefly owing that the allied army was landed safely on the shores of the Crimea. For seven long days a fleet was at sea such as the world never saw before. Guarded by the liners and war steamers of the combined navy, more than 600 transports, carrying 50,000 men, were at once afloat. Thlis great host was landed without loss, and the efficiency of the service rendered by the navy may be measured by the rejoicings with which the news of so unexampled a descent was received in England. It is therefore certain that on a great occasion the British navy co-operated most effectually with the land forces. No one is more competent than Sir E. LYoNs to give the narrative of that achievement; no one can be more ready than his countrymen to perceive how great a part Sir Eru-e's own high qualities bore in all that was done. But it must not be thought captious if we venture to ask how it was that the sufferings and exertions of the two services were subsequently so disproportionate. The Admiral vividly relates the spectacle which the British advance at Alma gave to the combined fleet; he tells us how le saw the gallant but disastrous charge at Balaklava; how he was in the thick of the fight at Inkermann; how his men saw at a later period the bloody assault on the 3lalakhoff; and how the disaster at the Redan was only hidden by the formation of the ground. This recital gives but a faint notion of the whole campaign. It was the lot of the army to meet the enemy almost daily in obstinate combats, to wear out its insufficient, strength in the dreary vigil of the trenches, to suffer for a time all the pangs of cold, hunger, and disease, added to the depressing belief that all valour and toil were useless. During the whole of this gloomy season the navy was but a spectator of the severest labours, and only learnt by hearsay the extremest sufferings. The cruise of a ship is a kind of campaign, with its corumissariat, its clothing department, its medical staff,all that is necessary to subsistence or health. The foresight inevitably practised in the navy had. at that time no existence in the sister service. EsLuee, in every vessel afloat, from the threec a&¢r tQ thQ gluboat, tlhere waI pleax-y, QZdV4 and contentment, while on shore there wasaw r we have no wish again to describe. Bjut a few milecj separated the two scenes. Even a two-decker in the harbour at Balaliava had a suffciency, while.th6 landing-places within hail were covered with fgurd a gaunt with famine. Nay, -the Naval Brgade was 'well supplied from the ships whence it drew ita force, while the rest of the troops were in the depth of want. While the amy was perishing there lay within sight of them a body of men, many tholusand strong, engaged in the same service, not one of whom wanted for anything. The army starving, the fleet with tliree full meals a day; the army half-naked, the fleet abounding irevery kind of warm clothing; the army overWorked to exhaustion, the fleet driven to extremity to fid work for its crews,-such are the contrasts which the last winter afforded. In pointing out these facts, which ought somewhat to modify too complacent a view of the effectual co-operation of the fleet and land forces, we do not wish to criticize anew an often-discussed campaign, or to recommence the old disputes, with their recriminations and circuitous shiftings of blame. Etat it is of importance that we should clearly understand past events, if it be only as lessons for the future. We have had the Peninsular war continually cited for 40 years; to the Crimean heroes the incidents of 1854 vill form a text-book, and a neYw generation will form its judgment of strategy by what has been done in the last tvo campaigns. Therefore, even though peace be again to visit us, it may be allowed to consider as a matter of theory whether a fleet cannot minister more fully to the wants of the other service than was the case last year. On the other hand, if negotiation be again fruitless, and it be destined that British armies shall plunge into the valueys of Georgia, or advance against the floating batteries of Nicholaieff, then stiU more important is it that the real power of a navy to render effective service to troops on land should be fully developed. It is said that it has been the fashion to praise the French, and that a mania for selfdisparagement has come over our countrymen. But as long as facts have weight, and men believe their own observation and judgment, it will be difficult to convince any one who has studied the past campaigns that the confession of French superiority is either a mode or a madness. It will be remembered that the French three-deckers carried each of them 2,000 soldiers to the Crimea, and that with little vessels, seldom exceeding 250 tons burden, theytransported to the East an army equal to those with which NAroazox conquered empires. In their case, as far, at least, as the result goes, navy, marne, and anny effectually cooperated. It will, no doubt, be said that our doubts of British naval perfection are ignorant and absurd; historic precedents may be quoted against us from the careers of SHovm or Bmsnow; but we would earnestly advise the promoters of any future expedition to examine fully the capa-- bilities of a Beet as a supporting force, and to endeavour to avoid such painful contrasts as those which were presented a year ago.
Mlr. Serjeant Winauxs applied yesterday for a ceriorari to bring up the depositions, &c., in the case of WmLTsm ?ALIEr, -with a view either to a trial at bar, or at any rate to move the venue to another county than Staffordshire. FAzrEn is fairly entitled to the concession he dermands. He is to be put upon trial for his life, and, if he can show any reasonable-we had almost said any colourable-grounds for his application, it should be granted as of course. The grounds, however, uLpon which it is founded are most reasonable. He believes that not only in the county of Stafford, but throughout the Midland Counties, the prejudice against him is so strong that he could not hope for an impartial jury. He avers,_ and with perfect truth, that the decisions in his case -will nmainly turn upon the scientific evidence, Wvhich he must rebut by evidence of a - similar kdnd. This, save at a ruinous expense, can only be procured in London; and, for himself, PALSIn asserts that le has no funds to meet such an emergency. The affidavit of Er. Ss;rrr, the prisoner's solicitor, is precisely to the same effect, with the addition that the local joumals have for some time past so successfully exerted thenmselves to convince the neighbourhood of PMAEx's gnuilt that an unprejudiced trial cannot be expected for him in that district. In the short conver-. sation which ensued Lord CA-uTBELL intimateda to MIr. Serjeant WILmS that as yet the Count. was of opinion that no claim had been established for a trial at bar. It is probable, however, the Courti will grant the application for removing the venue from the one county to another. Absolute decision upon the point is deferred until next Thursday, the last day of term, when the Court will finally dispose of the application. It is, of course, right and proper that the Court of Queee.s Bench should be guided by certain rules in matters of so much gravity, but it certainly does seema a pity that a trial in the metropolis, in - some form or other, cannot be granted to this wretched man. It is perfectly clear that a London jiury is the best that can be procured; and it is also perfectly clear, as PALEFP says, that his case must entirely turn upon scientific evidence. The' men of science are here in London; elsewhere their, attendance involves great inconvenience and expense. -
THE EAST. (BY SlnBnEM5E AS-D BRMTISH TLGRAPL) - We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our 3Iarseilles correspondent:- " MARSELLES, TIuESDA.Y, JLu. 29, 7 10 P.M. "The Borysthene has arrived, wvith advices frora Constantinople of the 21st, and from the Crimea of the 19th of January. "Despatches leave at 8 p.m. "The steamer Glasgow, with 700 troops onboard, has aiTived from Kamiesch. "Your Constantinople correspondent, writing, oi the 21st, says:- "'another conference on the fourth point Wv. held yesterday. "I' The English, French, and Austrian ambasadors attended it.'" We 'have received the M1onitetvr of yesterday. It, does not contain any news, of interest.
A commlittee of the Cabinet 31inisters met yesterday at the office of the Secretary of State for 'War; Pembroke-house, Whitehall-gardens. Present-- Viscount Palmerston, Lord Pannure, Earl Gran-: vile, Sir Charles Wood, and Sir George Grey. Mir Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, ViscountEardinge, Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons, Adxiial Dund3s, Sir Harry Jones, and General Sir B.Airey attended, The Committee sat fourhours. . LGINDO AN D MIDDLESEX AnH-oLOGxc0IL Soter.-The first general xneeting of tisoci asy wasell on Mronday evening, under the presidency of loIA Londes. '-orough, in the very appropriate locity, old Czosby-allU, Bishopsgate-street. It-was rvery nuneronsl_ attended, sad,h moreover, graced by the presence of many ladies. The pascers read were:-"- A generl Introduction to the Antix qities of L,ondon and-,liddleses, and to the Objects of tls Soit, ythe Rev. iT. ThxNo; " lZoteso Ron 1201 don," > 31r. Charles Roach Xmith, wl v,mchte re -wihichi the rvd&ei saggested many new festures of interest ; among the =0os1 iiaposthnt was the conjeotume thlat a Roman m uphite%re md. existed on the site of SeacoaNne srrlngidon'tr~ "Facts and Docmments connected wit the Sbsx qp 3t. Helen's, Bishopsiate " by )r. Thomas I "1 History and Architec lenins of Crosby-ha. lw tai FRev. Thomas IIUO- aDd on a "fonta t D rnfield Vhuh"by the Rev. C. ZuteQ , -
SECOND EDITIOX. THE TIMES OFFICJ WYedTnesday 2Ionzing. THE CASE OF ,OLONEL TURR. ({y sunR,ZslAnuE a RI'nS ThLEGRAIM) We have received he following telegraphic despatch from our Vierta correspondent:- " 1NNA, WEDNESDAY MIORNIxG. " The Emperor,4s a mark of consideration for Uis illustrious ally Queen Victoria, has granted a 3?ardon to Colone]rturr." EXPRISS FROM. PARIS. The followJig is the letter of our Paris correspondent, daed yesterday, 6 p.m.:- The despaches of the Russian Government, complhting ane confirming the telegraphic announcemnent of th, unconditional acceptance of the Ausixian propsitions, were received in Vienna on the 23d, and ts couriers were soon after sent to London and Pars it is certain that the French and English Gorern-ients have received theirs. These despatche; are described as perfectly satisfactory, and, If we lad to deal with a Powecr known for its good faith and sincerity of purpose, it would not be postible to entertain a doubt that an honourable peace is on the point of being concluded. The protocol embodying the propositions has been signed at Vienna, and has aIready been received here -and in London. The preliminaries of peace, wIhich, according to diplomatic usage, are usually signed in some neutral place, will be signed in Paris. Those who conduct the negotiations, and who at the same time are members of Cabinets, will be considered as first Plenipotentiaries on the occasion. I have heard it stated to-day on the authority of a diplomatist, to whom the public, ,erroneously as I believe, gives credit for having played an important part in these proceedings, that the Plenipotentiaries will meet in Paris on the 17th ef February; that very little time will be lost in discussion; and that the whole will be brought to a conclusion by the 25th. I do not vouch for the correctness of the statement, but if it be not correct it ought to be so. Matters should be arranged so that neither the Austrian nor Russian Plenipotentiary should have hereafter the shad6w of an excuse for delay on the grounld of applying for fresh instructions from home. The moment that such a pretext is alleged you may depend upoII it that trickery is intended. There shottld nos be nio points on wlich misunderstanding can arise. Nothing can be mole clear, more precise, than the propositions which Russia has accepted; there has been quite time enou-gh for the rernoval of all doubt and difficulty, and the Plenipotentiaries ought to assemble inParis less for discussion than for the mere formality of signing. No one will object to give such of them as are foreigners a fevw days to see the curiosities if they are so mninded; but work shoutld precede amnsement, and even eight days is a large margin. If reliance can be placed on the authority I have just referred to, everything has been already arranged. Taett ira Stir des 1o'Ulettes. Everything wears the appearance of couleur de rose, and wve are asked to believe that even the Archduke Constantine himself, wvho was thought to be the incarnation of Scythian ferocity, is nowv as micek as a lamb, and that he sees, feels, and confesses that his country wants repose, and that he is far more pacific than his brother Alexander, and not less sincere. I hope so. If everyone is sincere, if everything is accepted beforehand without mental xeservation, a favourable and speedy result is certain. Ilhe following private telegraphic despatch las lbeni received:- "HAUBURG, JAN. 2S. 'Count Reventlow having proposed an address to the Eing of Denmark, claimin. a guarantee of the sacred rights of -the Duchy of Holstein, a strong majority of the Holstein Diet adopted it. The Royal Commissioner, having vigorously opposed iiiis ziddress, immecliately qiuitted the hall. The dissolation of the Diet is consideredas probable. " The War Department in Siveden has just drawn from the Treasury 1,100,OOOf. to be applied to the urgent defence ef the kingdom2 The Emperor and the Empress yesterday received the Hereditary Prince of Reuss-Schleiz. The Prince ivcs accompanied by the Count de Hatzfeldt, the Prussian Dlinister, and by MI. de Rauch, the Aide-de-camp to his Serene Highness. Their Majesties also received the Turkish General of Division, I)ervish Pasha, wvho wvas presented by the Ottoman Ambassador. The Special Commission charged with the distribution of the Crimean fund publishes a notice in the MIoniteur, addressed to the families of the -soldiers and sailors killed in the Army of the East, that no claim-will be received that is not delivered at the Mlinistries of War or Mruine before the ist of Warch next. Claimants in the provinces are to deliver the necessary certificates either to the prefects of the departments or to the maritime authorities, as the case may be. The CoAurrier de M1arseille publisles the following letterfromConstantinople of the 17th inst.:- -Our accounts from the Crimea are somewhat more interestingthan usual. The allies had begun to blow up the doclcs, not simultaneously, but one after the other. The | smultaneous explosion mighlt have been attended w ith dangerous results, and would have been too long delayed, considering the difficulty the preparatory -works presented. I have already announced to youi that the operation had been retarded, not only on account of the nature of the soil (vwhich cgsisted nearly everywhere of an immense bed oj rock), but also because of the solidity of the foundations and of the infiltration of Nvater into the galleries. The works the miners had to execute were considerable, sbut their exertions were crow-ned with comnplete success. Out of the five docks, which compose, with two large basins, the entire edifice, three have beenhlown up and completelydestroyed. A few walls, which are still standing,will be thrown -down by the last explosion or domolished with the pick-axe. Trhe town is an ininense heap of ruins, and tlse northern forts mow orly protect a wilderness. The cold continues intense. The temperature, however, varies according to positions. A tTermometric difference of 10 degrees Ileaumur has been -observed between certain points in the vicinity of Balaldava. S'he cold is not in proportion to the elev-ation of the country, for at Balaklava it is much sharper than on most of the heights occupied by the French camp." The screw liner Bretagne and the screw war transport Durance left Brest, for Toulon, on the 27th inst. On the same day, the ship of the line Inflexible wailcd from Toulon for Kamiesch. The third and fourth volumes of the -works of the Emperor Louis Napoleon have just been published. They are by far the more interesting volumes, as they are the conclusion.- The third -voliume contains the letters, speeches in the As- 1 aembIy, addresses to the electors before the nomination of the Emperor to tlse Presidency of the Republic, as also his letters, proclamations, messagesto the Assembly, and speeches in public from the 20th of December, 1849, to the date of the cosp d'itat 2d of December, 135, and from tlhis date the allbontions, &c., o! tht: Emperor to the day of the entryof the Imperial Guard on its return from the Crimea. - The- Emperor had made some progress in a large -work entitled Dth Pcass et de l'Arestir de PArtillerie, jut not-having as yet time to complete it, the fourth volume now published contains. copious extracts from his 31S., and may, inl fact, be considered as a copious summary of the large work. It gives the history of tllat invention from 1328 to 1638, and the effict produced by it in the many battles in which fire-aim s were used between those periods. The publication has excited a good deal of interest here, as, independent of the exceptional fact of a Sovereiga " The meaning of the diplomatic expre3sion " pamapiea" ir, that the initials of the p4rties conceraed are att%s:hed to a doc=mv , I publishing his own works, people are curious to ascertain from them the secret springs of the Imperial policy. The subjects he treats are variouss; history, political economy, the military force, &c., are confessedly handled with a talent which is not found among professional writers. The alliance between France and England imparts an additional interest to the work. It is said that the Emperor has ordered presentation copies to be sent to a niumber of his friends, both here and abroad. The fumeral of Madame Billault, wife of the M1inister of tlle Interior, was celebrated to-day in the Church of St. Thomas d'Aquin. The chief mourners were 3I. Busson, Deputy of the Arri6ge, and M. Colas de Lanone, Master of Requests, sonsin-law of M. Billault. The Emperor had sent Count d'Ornano, his Chamberlain, and Prince Jerome Captain David, his Aide-de-Camp, to represent them at the ceremony. Among the numerous attendants were all the Alinisters,-M. Baroche, President of the Coumcil of State; AL de MIory, President of the Legislative Body; Mlarshal Magnan and General de Lawoestine, the Prefects of the Seine and Police; the foreign Ambassadors, all the Senators and Deputies present in Paris, the Couneillors of State, General O0111cers, the members of the Parisian bar, journalists, &c. C£ours Adhentiqu&-P,Ans, Jan. 29.-Cash PricesFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 94f. 75c. 95f. ditto first Loan of 1855 (65 per cent, paid), 95f. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. paid), 95f. ; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 95f. ; Three per Cents., 69f. 25c. 35c. 40c. 50c. 70c. 60c.; ditto first Loan of 1835 (65 per cent. prai), 69f. 50c. - ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. paiA), 70f. 70f. _5c. 40c. 5Wc. fOc. 70c.; ditto Certiftcates (3a per-cent. paid), 70f. 10c. 70f. 70f. 25c. 40c. 50c. 60c. 70c.; - reasur-y Bonds, 5 per cent. at five months; Bank of France, 3,275f. ; Credit Foncier, 57Sf. 5SOf. 5wS. -; ditto Obligations of 5P00., Three per Cents., 370f. ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 97f. 50c. ; ditto Three per Cents., 9Slf. ; Promji. Obligations of 1,000f. Three per Conts., 930f. ; Cr6dit Mobilier, 1,440f. 1,445f. 1,455f. 1,450f.; Discount Bank, 635f. 640f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., S7f. 50c. 8£.; ditto Three per Cents., 54f. SOc.; Austrian Five Ner Cents., 85; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 9aS* mans, 84'. 85 8S4; Spanish Deferred Converted, 231; ditto lnterior Debt, 37. Exchange on London, at sisht, paper, 2Sf. 3Oc.; money, 25f. 27ic. ; three months, paper, 24f. 90e. money, 241. 87.Ac.' INDIA AND CHINA. INDIA. Wre have received our files of papers by the Overland Mail, vid, Trieste. The following brief summary of political inteligence is extracted fromr the Bonsilky Times of January the 2d:- " The Santal insuirrection may be said to be suppressed. Tranquillity prevails throughout our donminions, and we have not for some months had a single disturbance even on the Prunjab frontier. The kingdom of Oude is abouit to be sequestered, the King to be allowed 100,0001. a year, the army to be reduced from S0,000 to 15,000 ; the entire administration of affairs to be entumsted to the Residenst, General Outramn. The settlement of the Oodeypore differences, which renders the political agent suipreme, has dissatisfied the chiefs. The native Princes, w hose administration is admitted to be blameless, are endeavouring to obtain some better security than they have hitherto enjoyed for the re_ tentiin of their dominions. " The charges of the Indian navy are about to be increased fronm half to close on a miDlion sterling anntaly, one-fourth the revenue of the Presidency, two-thirds the charges of our army of 00,000 men. "Lord Canning is expected at the Presidency on his way to Calcuitta a fortnight hence; the present Governor-General retires on the 1st of MIarch, after an administration of eight years' duiration. " A fair business has been done in the import market; money is scarce, and exchange has advanced." CHINA. The intelligence from Clina isunimportant. WlSe extract the following from the Oeerlvnd Frientd of CMsina of December 15th:- "' At Canton there has been another extensive fire; singnlarly, again on the site of the fire in 1852. There are now three large spaces in the vicinity of the factories caused by fires within the last 12 months-one in the Taiping -ward, close to the city valls, another (the last) some half-a-dozen houses only in rear of the foreign factories, and nearly from end to end of them, and a third space to the west, close to the Shameem landing place. We believe thewhole of these fires have been the work of incendiaries. " Trade in Canton in old teas during the month has been brisker than it has been for some time. Of new teas but few have been brought to market, and operations have been limited. "In Hongkong there has been vwhat Aniericans would call 'an indignation meeting,' deprecatory of an attempt by Governor Bowring to take awvay the peculiar benefit ef narine lots, by running a public parade in front of them, which parade His Excelency thinks should be made for, the bCR,fit of the public, by the holders of the marine lots, so requiring from them an outlav of an average of 1,0001. sterling per 100 running feet. This requisition was too modest, and, in disputation of its legality, has been rejected. One of the benefits to be derived from the constraction of this parade, according to Government, would be increased facilities for gohice purposes. Our police force and system, however, are so notoriously inefficient, that merchants prefer guarding their sea frontages; and even with such additional guarding they are not safe, as evidenced in an organized attack on MIessrs. Wardley and Co.'s ofices, a fewv nights ago, and successful escape of the burglars, with about $3,000 in cash; not a policeman being found for half an hour afterwards. I' The failure of several Chinese shroffs at Shanghai, followed by the suspension of Messrs. Aspinwall, Mackenzie, and Co., with liabilities, it is said, exceeding 150,0001,, have caused something like a panic in that quarter. "Our table of latest dates is as follows:-Japan, Nov. Ilth; Pekin, Nov. 12th; Shanghai, Dec. 8th; Canton, Dec. 12th." COMIMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE BOMBAY MTARKETS. FrOM 'I THE 17TH I)EcE1MESR,.1855, To 1ST Jomxumm, 1856. The Overland tail of the 26th November, per Peninsular and Oriental steamer Ganges, arrived here on the 22d of December. The tightness in our Money Market during the fortnight has increased considerably, and the banks since our last report have raised their rates of interest 1 percent. with every prospect of a further advance. Government and other securities are almost unsaleable, and in cor. equence prices have given way materialy from onr previous quotations. Import Market.-A fair amount of business has been transacted during the past fortnight in cotton fabrics, but we regret to say at a further concession in price, holders seeming desirous of disposing of their goods to avail of the very favourable-rate of exchange on London, which in some measure compensates for the decline noticed. Cotton Yarn.-The market continues very dull, and, with a pressure to sell, prices have declined for both mule and water. Dyed orange and Turkey red dull; green in moderate inquiry. Coffee.-The supplies in the market are scarce, but we do not observe any change in value either of Mocha or halabar. - - Pepper remains unclhanged in value, and the demand is good. Cochineal and saffron are dull and have declined. Opium.-Until the Last few days the market was very active and considerable transactions had effect, but intelligence received rid Calcutta, by electric telegraph, two days ago, of lower prices for MaIvia has caused the market to become quiet, and prices have dechned. The steamer of tomorrow will have about 4,000 chests, and the Scindian, for Woosung direct, left yesterday with 1,400 chests. Feights have slightly given way. 3S. 2s. to 31. 5s. to Landon and Liverpool per ton; seeds, 31. lOs. to S3t. 12s. 6d. Exchange on England dsuring the fortnight advanced coniderably, and the business done we quote as follows 2.s. 2d. to 2s. 2Ad. for China and first-class credits, and2s. 2Jd. to 2s. 2gd. for documents; on Calcutta, 102r. at sight and 99.-r. at 60days' sight; on Madras, 1004r. at sight and OOr. at 30 days' sight; and on China, 215r. at 60 days' sight.- CALCUTTA MARKETS. CA UTTA, DEc. 22. Since the issue of our last fortnightly report we have had advices from London to the 9th nIt., af4 Bombay, the mail . steamer from Suez having also been announced early yester. day morning. The prominent effect of tEe commercial ac. counts was an immediate excitement inour sugar market, which had since abated, and prices, which had admuced considerably, have again declined fuDly two rapees a nmumd, although supplies from up the country have been quzito gcanty. In rice a brisk business is in pfogress at ad' vanced prices. The demand for indigo, though not v-ery active, public sales have resulted satisfactorily as regards fine qualities. In seeds, owing to very snall stocks, a limited business has been done at full prices. We regret to have to report less favonrat4y of the state of our Import Market, which seems to suffer most from the increasing scareity of money. Tho -native dealers finding it difficult to o,tain accommodation for their legitimate operations, hare been compelled to withdraw fle a timne and the sales that have been effected duAhg the past week or two consist chiefly of what wa naimmeaiatelyrequired to seomplete previous arrangements. The advices from the Upper Provinees, moreover, are less &tisfactory, ovwing, it is sad,, to the want of adequate funds, stid this circumstance, combined with large supplies of Briitth cotton goods imported here lately, has removed all activity;. although we cannot notict any material alteration in prices, of these goods. Our money market is againl tighter, nor is there any appearance of relief for some time to come. The banks, as well as private capitalists in the Ba7aar, are enabled to obtain their own terms, which in many instances are very exorbitant, and to which necessity alone compels borrowvers to submit. In consequence of this state of affairs Government Securities have been gradually depreciating until Company's Four per Cents. have sold at is. 17.8, and Sicca Four per Cents. at rs. 19.8 per cent. The NewvFives do not seemi to be affected much. Freights.-The abundance of tonnage and the scarcity of supplies of some staple articles have caused a slight decline in the rates of freights to England. The engagements during the past fortniaht have been on a moderate scale, and the e.xisting rates to London are 5t. for sugar; 41. los. to 41. 12s. Gd. saltpetre; 41. 17d. d rice; 5?. wheat; 41.17s. Gd. linseed orrapeseed; 3..10s. jute;* and i?. 5s. to, 5. 10s. indioo. To Liverpool about 5s. per ton lower than these rates. t"or Australiss as high as@.has been paid fur a smaU vesselto sail immediately. We have not heard of any transactions for the continent of late, with the exception of the charter of a vessel at 57. 7s. Gd. for Hamburg. For China a eonplI of tlhousand bales of cotton have just been engaged at $3t per bale. The rates to Bombay arelower, and no more than 10r. per ton aUl round would be paid now. To Mauritius rice is being shipped in small quantities at Ir. Ga. to Ir. 7a. per hag. lndigo.-Yery little has been done by private contract, though at the public sales prices of fine and mniddling quaities have been fullly mainltained. E:xportsfrom the Lst of November to the 18th of December, 183a5 Chests. 3Iaunds. To Great Britain ... ... ... 2,211 ... 8,747 France ... ... ... ... 2,036 ... 7,183 North Anerica ... ... ... 92 ... 343 Other parts ... ... ... ... 5 ... 14 Total .. . 4,427 16,287 CIIINAL MARKETS. EXCHANGE AND BULLION. CANTON, DEc. 12.-On London, 4.103 to 4.10-; on Bombay, 225 to 226; on Calcutta, 219r.; carolus dollars, 2Iiper cent. premium. AoNOLLOA, DEC. 14.-On London, six months' sight, 4.93', sight 4.8; India, on Bombay 225 to 226, on Calcutta, 219?. per $100; on Sydney and Meclbourne, 30 days' sight, 4.74,; S:ingapore, par. SUAXODxsx, DEC. 6.-On London, Ga. 9d. to Ga. 9.'d.; on India, 31Cr. to 312r. Drafts on Canton, 284, per cent. discount. MAIASLLA, DEC. 4.-On London, six months' 4s. 7'd. 30 days' sight, 4s. 6Ad.; on Canton, 4 per cent. premium; on Amoy, 6 per cent. premium. OPIUMf. CANTON, De. 13-New Patna, $3874 ; New Benares, $405 * Malwa, $50; Turkey, $460. SsANGInAr, DFc. 6.-Malwa, $420 to $422; Patna, $323 to $324 per chest. FR.E1GaT AND TONNAGE. CANTON.-To London nominal, 4?. for tea. SISANGIsAI.-To London, 41. for tea, and 51. for siLk. To New York, $14 per ton of 40 cubic feet. MLaNILLA..-To London 3. 10s.; Australia, 4?. To United States, uonoinal, $12 all round. AUSTRIA. (FRO-n Ov OW' COnnEsOrDnxN.) VIENNA, JLA. 2G. It is possible, nay probable, that some part of the intelligence contained in this letter will be forestalled; but authentic details are always welcome to British newspaper readers, and therefore a connected account of what has happened during the last day or two will now be given. As you have already been inforned, a kind of protocol of what had occurred was drawn up at St. Petersburg, and signed or "paraphed*" by Count Nesselrode for Russia, and Count Valentine Esterhazy for Austria. A copy of the document arrived here on the 24th, and other copies of it were on the same day forwarded to Paris, and, as I believe, to London. The Russian Government has also expressed certain wishes in respect to the future preliminaries of peace, and one of them cannot fail to -wound the pride of this Cabinet. Russia desires -1st, That the preliminaries of peace be paraphed in this city by the representatives of the four Powers; and 2dly, That they-the preliminariesbe signed in the capital of France. It is not clear why Count Nesselrode shouild desire to have the prelirninaries parap7cd hele ; but it is cvident that when he expressed a wish that they should be signed in Paris, he intended to kill two birds with one -stone-to cajole the belligerent, France, and to slight the mcdiator, Auistria. The Russian Government has also expressed an ardent desire " to conclude peace as speedily as possible," but a story may be told in various ways, and therefore you will perhaps do well to accept my version of the -words quoted, which is, that Russia is extremely impatient to have the preliminaries signed without delay, because she wants, by means of an armistice, to tie the hands of the allies. It is also related that Russia, in order to flatter the Emperor of the Firench, will agree to Paris as the seat of the future Peace Conferences, wvhich the diplomatic world affects to consider a mere continuation of those held in this city some 10 months since. No one is able to guess whlat instructions the British Minister at this Coiurt has received from London, but my impression is, that, after what has passed, the British Government has no choice but to sign the preliminaries. Ina former letter it was observed that noPower had profited by the wvar butAustria, and few persons z%re likely to call in question the justice of the remark ; but the Prussian papers say the thing which is not when tlley affmii that she (Austria) has " made no sacrifices" in order to attain her ends. Although Austria has not been actively engaged in the war, her hostile demonstrations against]Russia have cost her full 200,000,000f., and some 35,000 men, who were last year carried off by cholera and typhus in their cantonments in Gallicia. On the other hand, the Vienna papers indulge in a little innocent rllodomontade when they affirm that Austria would have taken the field in the spring, if Russia had not accepted her propositions. The departure of Coumt Valentine Esterhazy from St. Petersburg would probably soon have been followed by the signature of a Military Convention with the Western Powers, but it is notorious that. Austria could not, even if she -would, place the 3d and 4th armies on a complete war-footing in less than five or six months. In order not unnecessarily to excite public opinion in England, but little notice has been taken in my correspondence of the abusive articles which have recently appeared in the Vienna papers, but the Ost-D eutsche Post of to-day has a short leader, which niust be given, as the paper in question has Ministerial inspirations:- "t We learn that the document containing the acceptanc f the Austrian propositions reached this city on the 24th. It was from the Russian Imperial Chancdlerie. The neces. sary materials for the preliminaries of peace are therefore in order, and the signature of the same cannot be long de - ferred. It is possible- that in England wishes arm entertained which go beyond the fonr points-it is possible that umay interests -which are not mentioned in the four conditions require attention; but these are matters which; cannot in the least interfere with the signature of the 'Preliminary Protocol,' as the 1ioonour of France and :England are engaged. Questions relative to interests may be settled at some future time, but matters of honour admit of no delay. The British press may occupy itself with the former, but the British Government must hasten to settle the latter. Lord Palmerstcn knows better than T7e Tim or the Post lwhat he is engaged to by his notes. It may be the question of Bomar. iund, Anapa, and the Black Sea Consuls in the council chamber atBrussels orFrankfort-but the fifth point cani leno impediment to the signing of the preliminaries of peace. "It maybe a matter o! opinion whether Lord Palmerston in his policy lik-es straifht or crooked paths, but no one dare doubt that England's Firt4Minister is a gentleman wha 'ill pay his bill when due." By my former letters you hfavo learned the nature of the obligations of England' towards her alles. The British Cabinet is certainly' morally bound to Xign the prelimninaries of peace is they now stand, although the Earl of Clarendon did nOt"painph " the revised Austrian propositions as m. de Walewsk: did. It is not believed that Prince Gortschakoff will be present at the Peace Conferesws as the Pleripotentiary of Russia. The dipl;diatist in quesetin has throughout the whole affair crided,the flag of lis native country so very high that ivod be to insult him to ask him to lower it. The Wiener Zeitvuig writes- "'We have received the following particulars from i'sralative to the formation of several Asiatic districts izitos a province (Russian) of Kars. General Mouravieff gave orders to reduce the inhabitants of Olte and Golsk to submission,' and asflying detachment was accordingly sent there. Ilenoblesof the province were, however, beforehanrd with thsI Russians, for they sent a deputation with a present of 300 tchetwert of barley and 120 arabas of hay. Assurances of attachmnentand fidelty were also given." The official paper, which consents to do tlhe dirty work of the. Catholic hierarchy, to-day informs the public that the JTor7ual de Fravnfort and the Deid,cade Al1ge7mtei Zeitnieg told " a most wicked lie " wrhen they put expressions nnfavourable to the Concordat into the mouth of the Archbishop of Vienna. It is currently reported that the Minister of Justice is about to prohibit the sale of a work entitled "A A Catechism Moltive to Protesta)disn anld Caftiolieism, for the Use of thte People," by Dr. Perrone. The book has fallen into my hands, and it is evident to me, that if the Government wishes to bring about a deadly religious conflict between its Catholic and Protestant subjects, it has only to allow Dr. Perrone's production to circulate freely. The Catlctoliz Caendai, of which mention was made yesterday, was confiscated by order of the Supreme Police at the request of a civil coult of justice. The Protestants and Jews intend to prosecute the author of the work, a certain Dr. Jarisch, who is said to be an arch-Jesuit, and is Imperial Royal Inspector of Schools in the Crown Land, Styria. The Franikfort Post Zeitung learns that the Imperial patent for the non-Catholics of the empire will appear at the end of this month. 1st. All legally recognized religious commiuities have a right to practise their religious rites publicly. 2d. They shall manage aRl their religions nmatters without let or hindrance from any one. In respect of secession from one Christian church to another, and to marriages between Catholics and non-Catholics, the provisional laws passed in the year 1849 will, for the present, remain in force. The laws relative to the Lombardo-Vlenetian congregations will be published next monthl. Prince Lieven, ae ex-Russian M\inister, has arrived here. During the last week a sirocco lhas been blowing, and the thaw has been so rapid that the packedj ice on the Danuibe broke np yesterday. The ice began to move at 4 in the morning, and the express train to Prague could not venture to cross the bridge until 8, wlhich was an hour and a-half later than usual. PRUSSIA. (FROM OIUR OWN COnRIESO1NDmNT.) BERLIN, JAN. 25. The BUrsen Zeitu fi of this eveninig states:- W We hear fromn a reliable source that the negotiations as to the admission of Prussia to the Peace Conferences are now fornally opened, that France has dropped the objections which she had at first raised, but that England continues to make the same difficulties as before." I do not imagine that the state of the case is exactly as here stated; but as regards the merits of the case, Prussia cannot join in auy obligation to compel Russia to accept this or that, but she can join in a guarantee that Russia shall not be allowed to depart from what she has herself already accepted. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FrO-, OUR OWN CORRESPONDEN-rS.) SOUTHA1PTON, WEDNESDAY MOILNING. Arrived.-Aliauce, steamer, from Havre; Ernest, from Plymouth; Alice, from Jersey. Sailed.-South-Western, steamer, and Jolly, for Jersey; Devonshire, steamer, for London; Richard Mrunt, Rapid, and John Wesley, for Sunderlalad. LIVERPOOL, WEDNIESDA y ORNiNG. Wind N. Arrived.-Ebro, screw steamer, from Barcelona; Express, from Halifax. Sailed.-Essex, for Trieste ; M£olrwenna and Uincle John, for Havre ; Carrapghmore, for Constantinople; Arab, for Bordeaux; Peru, for Nantes; Pedlar, for St. Thomas; Princess Royal, and Jane Pratt, for Calcutta; Courier, for Rio Janeiro ; Greenock, forlMobile; St. Croix, for Barbados; Euna, for Beyrout. Wind N.W. , JA-. 29. Sailed.-Enterprize, for Trinidad. KINGSTOWN, JA.~ 29. Arrived.-Sanders, from Tazarchi; M;adinadel Caniina, from Syra. QUEENSTOWN, JAN. 28. WVind W.N.W, Arrived.-.Wm. Thomas, from St. Joln's, Newfoundland; Zephyr, fiom Callao; Benclouchl from Bimlapatam; Respecto,from Terceira; Maria, from St. Michael's; Edward Everett, from Baltimore, United States; Speed, from Cuba; Von Manteuffel, from Syra. Sailed.-Aramahir, for MIalta; AuLger, for Calcutta. (BY suEmAnENE AD BarrisH TELEGAPH.) GRAVESENTD, WEDNESDAY, 10.16 A.r. WVind N.W., tide three hours' ebb; fine. Arrived, Jan. 29.-Unity, from Algoa Bay. Arrived, Jan. 30.-Lewellyn, from Nassau; Good Cornelius, from Groningen; Andreas, from Rio Grande; Lizzie Gowan, from Licata; Spray, from Paraiba. Sailed.-Windward, for Calcutta. DEAL, WED%EmSAY, 9.51 A.3r. Wind N.W., moderate Passed.-Symmetry, from London, for Ceylon; Wm. Ryan, from London, for Honduras; H.M1. ship Dee, from westward, for river. Anchored.-lNova Penheiro, from Newcastle, for Lisbon. Sailed.-Wacousta, for Cape of Good Hope; Caldera- Norman, for I.isbon; Mary Joseph, Alma, Wini. Vesker, Narada, with nearly the whole of the outward bound. STOCK EXCHANGE. WEDNESDAY MOsNMG, U1 o'CLOCL Consolsfor Money ... ... ... 9oO to 91 Consols for Account (Feb. 7) ... 914 to 911 Turkish Four per Cent.. 1 2 to 102g-
COURT CIC9ULAR - WINDSOR, J". 29. The Queen and Prince and the Royal family walked out in the Hfome Park this afternoon. Tho dihmer party comprised her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, her Royal Highness the Princess Royal his Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe Weiunar, the Duchess of Sutherland, the Earl and Countess Stanhope, LSord and LadY Johnl Russell, Lord and Lady Stonloy of Alderley, Lady Paimy Hioward, theBaroness de-Saetii, tlhe Right Hon. Wfilliam and Mrs. Cowpr, the BgtHt~n. T.1: .facaellay, the Right H on. T. Peinhertori Let>l Ads mniral the Hon. R. S. Diundas, Mz,lor-Generul Si lch&rd Air#y, .nd M*jor-GeneralDupisP, .A,
t, DIATIA. 9A'- o'N - fPFROIT 0T O-WI C,SR.SONDENT.) IU.lUN, JA. 23. The Sardinian parlianeff has been occupied this week with measures of some Jmportance-the Senate with a bill on public instructiCun, having for its object principally to make the lIihiit,ter of that department indepenfdent of the councils by ,-hich he was hamperedan,d, asheis theperson constitatiunallyy responsible to be country, it seems only reasonai.le that he should le allowed full liberty of action. The councils in ,aestion weru partly nominated by the Minister, but, X% his appcintmentg wrere for life, and he had no povinxirof removAl, and could not act without their conserrX he evidently wao in a false position when called npon for am account of hisxteward&hip. On thie;iead the 31inister of Puiblic Trhtraction has been surwmSful in gtting t3w Senate to agree to those claumes which 3take liira: iadepondeun1 thongh not witbout oppos;tionj.anu-0 now the clief oblection raised I the measure is- ainst the Go-ernment having any .Tservision,ever schools,, the clerieal psaty saying t?ikt those vloadVoc?tsfree histituctions and free traR'tshould not object -. free education. The reply P-y that a Iteaoher' oA youth. holds a sscred office, which shoutd not be open to- indiscrimiate private sjectlation; liut-that GXovernmtent ougtto exercise a.certain anraint of~ supesrvision by requiinug an examnation fro-ms anyone;intending t open a school, anl make bhinsliable to occasional visi-ts from anthorizi persons. HIbrenow, as in France in Louis Phi-ippe's reign, the* clergy advocate the freedom of education, unEder- the* idea hiat the Church would thercb) be able to. create' a monopoly by its enormous. capital of iiatellectr and there isa small rash body o-fRadicals in. this country who would be willing itt3 allow themthe full. sway of all these advantages, on; the prin4 ciple of gerfect freedom of action; but more moderate me. seem inclined to think with the, Government that it should still hold some control-over public instructors. In the Chiamber of Deputies there is a measure still under discussion also, for establishing:a.branch of the National Bank at Cagliari. In 1852 M de Cavour wished to establish a-bank of issue at Cagliari. He desired to transfer the business of the Treasury to the National Bank, and, as this would have been a great advantagge to. the bank, hle wished that it should in return establish a branch at Cagliari; but this project, which would undoubtedly have conferred great benefit on: the island, and have rendered a service both to- the 'Treasury and the bank, w as rejected by the Senate, which at that time was violently opposed to the Goveimment in everything and anything it proposed. Under these circumstances M. de Cavour soughtto forml a comupany to establish a bank at Cagliari; but, it appears, wvas not sucecessful, and nowv returns to his original project. The National Bank engages to establish a branch; at Cnliari. It is to be alowed to issue notes of 20f. to the amount of 2,000,000; which shall be legal currency until the bank shall have bought 400,000f. of old notes issued by Government, which have a depreciated value. The Mklinister thought this a good affiair for the bank, on accoiut of the promising conmercial prospects of the island; but it required all his influence with hia friends amnong the shareholders to get the measure carried, as it was, by a majority of one. He had a right, therefore, to say to the opponents of the bill that they wrould be doing an agreeable thing to the bank shareholders in rejecting it. The legal currency of the notes was the point most objected to. Id. de Cavour reserved his answrer till to-morrowv, because he w-ished to go deeply into the question of legal currency in itself and its effect on the island of Sardinia, wtich is a country where institutions of creeit are almost unknown. It is not very often, as you 'may suppose, that the Piedmhontese get credit from the Austrian Government organs for good policy, so that an example is realy worthy of observation. In the Veronur Gazette of yesterday there is an article lamenlting the decline of commerce of late years in the Adriatic ports, and pointing to the contemporary rise of Genoa, which is ascribed to the construction of railways in Piedmont, and to the wvant of which in the Austrian dominions the fall of Trieste and Venice is attributed. As a remedy the wrliter suggests that they should do as Trieste has done, and invoke the protection of the Imperial G:overnment to extend the railways tow ards Illyria, towvards the Tyrol, towvards L.ombardy and Sw itzerland, and towvards Central Italy. The Govenunents of Modena and Parina have just issued decrees prohibiting the exportation of horses to all countries not in their Custom-house league-that is, to al countries except to each other, or the Austrian territories. The King of Sardinia returned to Ttuin yeseirday, in order to preside at a Council of M1inisters, at which it is understood it was arranged that the Cavaliere Massimo D'Azeglio should be the representative of Sardinia at the proposed conference for peace. This is an appointment which cannot fail to give satisfaction to aU parties both in and out of the country, as M. DFAzeglio7s reputation is European, as artist, author, and statesman. He is one of the few brilliant exceptions of continental nobles who have had the good sense to put themselves at the head of the Liberal party, and thereby to direct its movements; and, unfortunately, his views meet with little approbation from his own class in Piedmont at present.
TIIE A-eooB Rivxn-A San Francisco paper contains the followring:-" We are informed by .Ir. James Pike, chief officer of the bark Palmetto, recently arrived from Ayan and the Russian settlements on the Arnoor River, that the forts erected at the latter place by the Rassians, under th direction of the Governor of Siberia, are notlly impregnable, and were so regarded by the English observing officers. No navl1 power possessed by the ailies in the Paciiic is strong enough to take the tbrec forts. The Palmetto entered the Amoor River and proczeeded some distance np. The n.aviiation is intricate, and at the month, arhere the river empties into the Saghalien Gulf, not unl1ike the MIississip i. The Gulif for many muiles is d'iscoloured by the great voIume of avater di'scharged into it. The country bordering on thec river is lowr and alluvial, and the banks and channels constantly changing, owing to the great number of quicksands and .dcb-is sent down the stream. The Russians have good charts of the river, and the allies were making a survey when the Palnetto left. The supply ships of the allied fleet have been wrecked, so that provisions and naval stores were scarce and commanded an unparal1leld price. Our informant .saw twvo small pis sold by the supercargo of the bark to the Englhsh flagslaip for $15 each. Soap sold readily at $2 the bar (common brown). Liquors commanded the most exorbitant price, and all that could be obtained was eagerly bought up. Mdr. Pike thinks that a small tradin" schooner loaded w;ith stores and the necessary articles would find a constant market in followingthe alliedfleet fromport to port. The Governor of Siberia presented each of the officers of the Palmetto'with valuable gifts-that of the chief officer being a superb gold and silver goblet, -which -we have seen, andwhich an eminent jeweller valua at $600. A splendid sword was also sent by the Governor by the Palmetto to the commander of the lAmerican squadron. The gift, however, could not be accepted by him, owing to the rules of the service prohibiting the receiving of presents from foreign officers. Money wvas abundant among the Russians, and exchanged readily for the common neces: saries of life. WN'hile at anchor in a small port in Siberia I there were at one time above 100 Russians on board the Palmetto, who slept on deck wrapped in their furs and their skins of deer. During the night snow fell on the deck to the depth of 10 inches, but, nothing inicom- anoded by the cold, these hardy l\ortherners aroused them- i selves in the niorning, shook the snow from their clothes, crossed themselves in the devout Russian manner, andrepaired to their work after eating a crust of black bread and tasting nothing stronger than water. The mode of travelling in the great region cf Mantchooria, drained by the Amour River, isbythe reindeer and sledge. Expresses ere constantly passing between the Russian settlements and the far interior, bearim orders and news from post to post. All was activity ana cheerfulness, and the Czar was Tapidly and surely strengthening his position on the coast. Oar in. formant states that the inhabitants, from the Governor down, displayed a particular desire to conciliate and please all Americans, and it was thonght they were manifesting this friendliy spirit by orders from St. Petersburg. The Governor and his wife (a Parisian lady) came on board the bark and paid many compliments to tho vessel, and made presents to all, according to rank. The navi. gation of the Amoor is probably at this time cam: pletely closed, for various reasons; but vwith the close of the war a field for tride is here presented to Americans, which tvill,in all probability, prove of great values All the tribes along the coast of this immense stream, which winds its way forthousands of leagues amid fertile countries, are vwell disposed'toward Americans, and doubtless have instructions to keep on as good terms with us as possible. The barlk John Dring, of Ba tinsore, before reported ia havin been seizd by the British fleet at Castro on the 14th cI October, was taken on incontestable proef thdi her covmmandor and supercargo had been landing shores for the Russians. The case vas to be decided before a naval bArd, 'but had not been adjudicated when the Palmetto le% '.Pe Palmettoh U been amith among the ice, andhas lO,sod'me of ber'upper copper, but in every otherregpectiso apeoleof maLing another trip at once. She ia to be sold i3 a toi -days at- pubic auction, when, we bear it stated, ,I i ll bQ I? fitted vith a cargo for the Rsusismn Cst,"
BECALL OF MR. CPA3MPTON. (From the .Now York Couticr and En&uirerl It is now certain that MIr. Buchanan has been instructed to demand the recaU of Mr. Crampton for his complicity in the enlistment of soldiers for the Crimea. The fact has the greater gravity in proceeding, as is understood, not from personal objection, but from difference in .principle. Mr. C.-ampton acted under instructions from his own Government. Our Govermuent maintains that that action was an infringement of international law, and also a violation of the spirit, if not the letter, of our municipal law ; the English Government denies both. The correspondence, when published, will alone show the particular line of argument taken by the two Cabinets;and the precise difficlties in the wayof their coning toan agreement. But though words are yet in the dark, actions, which speaklouder than words, are not; and the peremptory demand for the recall of Mr. Crampton establisbes that neither party was in a very promising way towards conviction. It is is s attempted justification by the English Governnment which gives the case a new and more serious aspect. It takes away aU the worth of the apologies, explanations, and regrets which it is understood were given to our Government when it interposed against the recruitiug business, and of the prompt instructions of the House Government to terninate the business. It goes to indicate that the regrets and the discontinuance proceeded rather from the sorrowful conviction that nothing more could be donc than from a scrupulous regard for our sovereign rights. The British Government originally instructed its agents so to proceed as not to violate our municipal laws. Had these instructions been either unwittingly or designedly departed from, and had the British Government, on being apprized of the fact, proceeded against its officials as eithei unfaithful or incompetent, and disavowed their acts, there would have been an end of all controversy. It has no right to undertake to judge for itself whether those laws reallyhad been infringed. American authorities are the sole expounders of American laws; and the enlistments to which, in the estimation of our Government, MIr. Crampton has been accessory have been mnost positively pronounced by our courts ilegaL Mr. Crampton himself is shielded by his diplomatic chlracter from aUl personal responsibility to our courts. The same inviolabili'y, however, does not attach to the consuls, who, it is alleged, are implicated in the same transactions. Our Government holds those consuls guity, and has determined, it is said, to withdraw their eirquaturs. If this guilt reaUy exists, our Administration cannot be charged with undue severity in its procedure towards them. Prussia was far more rigorous in its treatment of Mr. Curtis, the British consul of Cologne, who was sentenced last October to three montlh imprisonment for having seduced Prussian subjects to leave the country, and w.ith having been accessory to the enlisting of others into the British Foreign Legion. The evidence in that case showedthatthe witnesses had applied to theconsul and his secretary, and had seceived from them money "for t,ravellig expenses," advice as to route, and reference to a recruiting agent, and that thc respect had been held out to them that provision should be made for them after the I .lose of the wr, or in ease of their being vwounded during it-it thus appearing that the consuil took very much the same course that was employed in this country. It is true that Consul Curtis was a Pruaian subject, but the Prussian Court proceeded on the broad principle that a consul has no diplomatic character orprivileges. The consul entered the plea that he actd uner the orders of his Government, hut it did not avail him * he was none the less subject to the scandal of a public conviction and a penal sentence. Our Govermnent, we must say, to its credt, exhibits less harshness in dealing with the matter. It was a mistake in the Englsh Goverment to take issue vwith our Administration upon the legal bearings of the case. The question ought never to have been brought into the field of formal and set diplomatic argment. The offence, as it originally took place, excited very lttle feelig among the great body of our people, and, after an assurance that it would not be persisted in, would have been speedily forgotten. A frank and fulU amewdee honorable vouild have so satisfied public opinion that our Administration could not have gotupa disputeabout it, howeverunfriendymnighthave been its disposition. It did not sustain Mr. Cushing in his gratuitously insulting the British consuls in his letter to the United States' Attorney atPhiladelphis; neither would it sustain either him, or the Secretary of State, or Mr. Buchanan in any endeavour to use this untoward business for either the humiliation or the annoyauce ofjEngland. But if the English Cabinet chooses to justify on legal grounds the discussion must proceed on those grounds alone, and our Government mast follow out its argument of Mr. Crampton's guilt to its logical, practical conclusion-a suspension of his relations to itself. The English Government, in endorsing his course, precludes our Government from all generous forbearanoe and concession i for if such an evasion of our neutrality laws as, in the judgment of our Government, he practised be once accepted as legally right, the Ministers of other Powers, and in fact all American citiens, may pursue the same course, and our neutrality laws would quickly be reduced to a nullity. When it is really made an issue, enlightened public opinuion in this country will always sustain the Executive in upholding the law in its integrity, both spirit and letter. Inasmuch as the English Goverruient maintains that Mr. Crampton has only carried out its own instructions, it is hardly to be supposed that the request for his recall will be complied with; and the unpleasant necessity of sending him his passports will devolve upon our Govemment. This, in itself, will be no cause for war, but will superinduco a frame of mind and a state of things not very favourable to the satisfactory settlement of t%e serious difficulties in Central Anerica. But we fully believe that all these disputes will fially attain a peaceful solution. Our chief. re- -ance is, that public opinion in England will, when the matter at issue becomes better understood, constrain the Ministrytoadopt a more conciliatory policy. Nothing could be more mipopular among all classes of Englishmen than a war -with the United States at such a time as the present. The BritishPeople will never consent to it unless the highest honour an the vital interests of the kingdom are at stake, and this even the present Ministry would not venture to assert.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE T=S. Sir,-In the accomnt of ny visit to Chbistchulrch which is given in The Times of this morning with an accuracy seldom attainable under such circumstances there are a few eiTors which I am desirous to correct. The following passage appears in the report of mny speech:- " 0az tle 9th of Septembcr all the gzzst i7t the SedaWn were too effectually spinkect by the Englist&" The passage should have ran thus:- " On the Sth of Septembr tMe g7uns i71 the ILLAXHOFF wehch cflazded the i2itearelzing spa,e betireen Sbaetopot andl the Sedamn were too cffeetccally spiked, and thus rendered wekess to preeat the Rstssians fro2apouring their masse tino the rear of the Iedlan." It appears to have escaped the observation of the reporters that I mentioned the rocky nature of the ground as a great difficulty wvhich the British Engineers had to contend with in sapping up towards the Redan. I am also very anxious to repair the omission wlhich has been made of the tribute which I justly paid to the admirable bearing and important sorvices of the highly distinguished Naval Brigade, who had, from first to last, their full share in the 'glories and dang,ers of this unparalleled siege. 1ishall be ~very much obliged if you will be so good as to inbsert this letter. - I have the honour to be, Sir, ED3IUNDLYONS. 11, Carlton-terrace, Jan 29. ViSm=OBS TO PUBLIC E)mmrriONs.-A retuni to an order of the House of Comimons, issied on Monday, shows that the total nmtaber of visitors adaitted to the National Gallery, Trafalgar-squsarc amounted, in 1854, to 446,641, and the number admitted to Marlborough-house to 8,466, makin a grand total of 695,107.. In 1853 the number of visitors wias-to Tifalgar-sl iue, 6M2, 4D, and -to Marlborough-house, 249, 1850 onl 61,;60 persons visited Ifarlboroi6h-bhonse- in 18 253,152; and in- 1852, 155,01: I 1851 (the Great Exhibition iyear) 1,005,705 peuwons visited the Nationb1 Gallerv,, mnv the number fell tb.e next, year to 352,22Q,
LAW.u qpoBr. COURT OF QUEEN'S BEN& Wv r.TA29. - (Sitil2gs in Banco, beforc Lor C&NTBLL and JTugatic COIERIDGI, W1GHMIv: an/ ETr-l - Busm-Ess OF M'oIarrX Lord CAMPIBELL said, the c5sa.ebwch had not yet been argued were not of such number Oweight as to induce the Court to appoint sittings in bant aiter term, a course which theyZ would not sernple to ado, iE neesry, but not otherwise, as considerable inconveienc attended such Lottng ds I hip then gave no ce that on Saturday. th 2'of Februar,y, the Court will ltd a sitting, at halg past 10, to give judgment in cases whic ha,ve been already aiuged and stand over for judgment. TH QiJEEN v. WVLIAE InE, Mr. Serjeant WLKsn;s(withwhomnwaslr. Gray) MoVed4 in the case of "TheQueen v. William Pahnr," for a ccriiorazri, to bring up certain inquisitions whichad ben found before one of the coroners for Staffordshire, ith a view to having a trial at bar, or that the =enuc might,0 changed to any other county than Staffordshire. The leaned serjeant' said he thought he could not do better than at aeo read the affidavits upon which he moved. They were no long, blit foreible, and stated just reasons why he thought te motion ought to be acceded to. Thelearned serjeant thei read the affidavit of the prisoner Willhm Palmer as follows- "I i THE QUEE;'S BESCH. ¢ M TE Am= OF %ILL ( PAEmBf, A PP.LOl "I, William Palmer, late of Rugeley, in the coaitv of Stafford, sugeon, but now a prisoner confined in Herfa. jestfs Gaol at Stafford, chLrged upon the coroner's inmuisi. tion with the wilfl murder of the late John Parsons Colo, make oath and say:- " L That for 10 years I have been residing at Rugdey aforesaid, occasionally practising as a surgeon. " 2. The paper writing hereto annexed, marked A, is a copy of the ar-rant upon which I was arrested and am now detained in the said gaoL " 3. 1 am informed and believe that I cannot have a fair andl impartal trial in the county of Stafford, or, in fact, elsewhere in the MIidland Counties, inasmuch as the prejudice against me is so great that I do not believe among an ordinary panel of jurymen any 12 men could be foun unhiassed and unprejudiced. "4. I say that, in addition to the charge of murder of the said John Parsons Cookl, I am also charged on coroner's inquisitions with the murder of my late wife, Ann Palmer, and my lato brother, Walter Palmer, all the said murders being alleged to have been committed by means of poison. " 5. I am informed and verily believe that in aid about the neighbourhood of Stafferd (Rugeley being only nine miles distant from Stafford) I am also accused of hav murdered several other persons, which rumour is very generally believed to be trule. " 6. In each of the cases with -which I am char"ed, -and upon which I am now in gaol, the same beimg cyiarges of murder by poisoning, Alfred Swaine Taylor, of Guy's Hos. pital, London, Doctor of Mledidne, is the principal witness, and, in order to rebut the evidence given by him, it will be necessary that I should have a sufficient number of scientific persons to give evidence upon my trial, most of whom are resident in London. " 7. I say the expense of such witnesses will, as I am informed and believe, be 1,000?., or thereabouts, if I amn tried at Stafford. "8. 1 say of myself I have no funds wherewith to meet such expense, and am consequently entirely dependent ont my friends and relations, and, owting to my dependent po6ition, I fear I shall notbe so well orproperlvdetended, unless I can be tried where the expense of such witnesses wil be much less. "9. 1am informed and verily believe that the solicitor who is acting against me in the prosecution upon the charge of the wilful murder of my said late wife, and saidlate brother, has admitted to my solicitorthatbe doesnotbelieve it would be possible to have an impartial trial in the county of Stafford or its neighbourhood. "10. I say that I am innocent of having committed the said alleged marders, or any or either of thenL" The other affidavit was made by lMr. Smith, the attorney who had watched the proceedings before the coroner on the part of the prisoner. It was as follows:- "Ls THE QuEm;'s BENciL "hS TM SIAT= OF WILLIAM Ph kLBIJR, A p .ISONx "I, John Smith, of Birmingham, in the county of Warw.ick, gentleman, attorney for William Palmer, hereinafter mentioned, make oath and say:- " L That the said William Palmer is and stands charged upon coroner's inquisitions in the county of Stafford with three murders bypoisoning-that is to say, with the murders of Ann Palmer, his late wife; Walter Palmer, his late brother; and one John Parsons Cook; two of such murders being alleged to have been committed at Rugeley, in the said county of Stafford, and one of them in Stafford, in the said county. " 2. That I appeared to waotch the proceedings had and taken upon the inquisitions held on the bodies of Ann Palmer, the w if e of the said William Palmer; and Walter Palmer, the brother of the said William Palmer, for and on behalf of the said William Palmer. "3. I say that by reason of my havingso actedIam enabled tojudge of the feelmg of the inhabitants of Rug_;ey and the neighbourhood. "4. I say that upon the said inquisltions, so held as aforesaid, there were upwards of 30 newspapers represented by various reporters. "5. That the jury empannelled uapon such inquisition aeared to me to be greatly prejudiced against the said wiimPalmer. " 6. I say I hare been informed, and believe, that one of the juryienwvio satupon the said inquisition assistedingetting up evidence ag^ainst the saidlWilliam Palmer. '7. That the evidence given upon the aforesaid inquisitionsbeforethe coroner has all been published in the vaious newsapers published in Staffordshire, Warwick. shire, and the neighbouring counties, and that numerous paragraphs have appeared in the new. spapers favourable to bthe said William Paluer, and in m ny instances assuming his gudlt; and that the effectihas been the bulk of the inhabitants of the counties of Stafford, Warwick, and other neighbouring counties are greatly prej diced against the said William Palmer, and eager for his conviction and punishment, as I verily believe, passing by the consideration of the question whether le can by evidence be proved to be guilty of the crimes lith the commission of whinh he is charged - and I verily believe that such prejudiced feeElng hasbeen raisedito such an extent as to incapacitatethe persons under its influence fr.om fairly and properly doing the duty of jurors iu the cases in ich the id wi Palmer is charged as aforesaid. "8. Isay that many of the paraglraphs rhich have so appeared in the maid papers as ofresaid are fase, anrd have containedgross misrepresentations, and have, asI verily believe, been written for the purpose of prejudging the case, and abusind the public mind. " 9. I beheve among a very great number of persons in the codnties of Stafford, Wrck, and neighouring counties, the pubic generally are keptin a state of excitement and prejudi ce against the aid W hilliam Palmer by the various sartlles which have fromtime to t tie oppeardithe news- "t10 Icdo not beleve that the said William Palmer could have a fair and imnpartial trial at Stafford, Warwvick, or in tany of the Midland Counties, owingeo to heprejudic which exists, as before stated. "uL. I say that Mor. Dene, the solicitor fortheinsurance ofrdces, aud who conducted the inquiry before the coroner, on behalf of the Crons, in the cases of Ann Palmer and Walter Palmer, iformed me that he thoaght there was g reat prejudice in the minds of the inhabitants of Staffordshire and surrounding counties, and he believed an impartial trial could not be had in the county of Stafford, or any sucrounding county." Onthesetwo affidavits, thelearned Ssu.rxAisrsid, ho asked their Lordahips, not fartie sake of the prisoner, bc t for the sake of public justice, to grant the mnotion. He apprehendef there cold beno doubt in atthc Courthad thepoaterto dosm but, if there were any doubt, there were two cases .hich ho would cite in support of the application. Lo0rd C Iwhatws said, he had no doubt the Court had tile power tob rant a lcraioraru to remove any indictment inth this court. Mr. Serjeant WmErJI;S maid he moved for a Certiorari £o ' rerove the inquisitions in order that there might be a til at bar, or that the prisUC might be changed to another county. There was here a rather long pause, which .Lord C ,cEn'.interrupted by saying that the Cour weret ready to hear the learned slejeant. Mr. Serjeant WITmrros said, he thought no more w;as renuisite than what was stated in the afidavits. It was showiby William Palmer and his solietor, and even by thesolicitor for the prosecution, that there was such anamonunt of xcwitement and prejudice in Staffordshire that it was impossible for the prisoner to have a fair trial if the inquisltions tereinotremoved. If he the learned Saracnt)werato talk until to-morrow, he did not think he ould say nore to induce their Lordships to grant the application. Their Lordshipr waould see that William Palmer, on his oath, stated it wouod cost about 1,0D0i to procure the attendance of w.itnesses of scientific s1iill to meet the ecae on the *other aide; whereas, if the trial were to takre place. in l;ondon, their attendance oould be obtained at a eompara. tivelg small expense. The learned counsel said he could not aslc the Court to take judicial notioe of the attempts wlhich.- had been made to produce a prejudicial effect on the publio mind. Their lordships then conferred together for a fewr minutes. r -Lord CAan'na then said,-Do you propoee thst w should pat a certiorarm to remove any indictment that may be ound against WilEam Palmer by the grand jury of Stafforddhire; oris your application confined to the removal of the inquisitions found before the coroner 2 3fr. SerjeantW ues saa*d, he would extend his'`a;pli- 'cstion so as to include they indictments also; for, if he dit not, he might be just where he was. Lord CANPDELL said that, if the Court removed the in, jutsitions, they nust go as far as that, and remoa the indictments also. .i Mr. Serjeant Wu; s said that in cases of felony the Irule for a certiorari ws anle nii only, sothat if theroem any answer to the application it might be put in. : Mr. Justice WrGnEIvIAr intimated his opinion that ther wouldnot be time to do so this term. (Term ends on Thursday.) Mr. Serjeant WFm -s said, that erhap6 thir Lordahips would think-properto grant the rule absoluto in the first , Lrd Ca3mmLSaid that, unless the Court gruatea caliorari to remove the indictments before tho Court dispoaed of the inquisitions, -tho prLioner might be tried at Stafordoitlie indictments. The Court had no power to change the tvvus, unless they frst brought up the indictments by etrtiorari. The Court had the power to grant a ccrtiora, and then, having the indictmenje before th-em
COTRT OF COAMON PT.FAS. WFvmq7-vp .T. 9c 3iORG.AN V. PARRRY. (Sittings in Banco, Hilary Term, before Lord Chief .Tu4 ice JERVIS andJutice- CRsESLL, WmuwAxS, and CROWDnRA In this case the COur.T delivered judgment this morning. This was an appeal from the decision of the Revising Barrister of the county of Cardigan, who decided the list of voters to be invalid, it not having been signed, as required by the statute, by a majority of the churchwardens and overscers. The CoURT rwere of opinion that the statute was merely directory, and that the new list was valid. SflEPRERD V. CONQUEST. In this case, which was argued last Term, the COURT delivered judgment to-day. Tie action was brought for an alleged piracy of a dramatic piece called " Old Joe and Young Joe." The plaintiff was the proprietor of the Surrey Theatre, and agreed wvith one Courtenaythat he should go toParis and adapt French draiatic piecesforthe English stage, and thathe (theplaintiff) should pay aU his expenses and a certain reward. Courtenay wrote a piece, which was brought out by the plaintiff at the Surrey Theatre, and also at the Grecian ;Saloon by the defendant, who had obtained an assignment of the copyright from Courtenay. The question raised wwas whether the defendant had a right to such representation? This depended on the construction of the 3d and 4th of William IV., chap. 15, "An Act to amend the Laws relating to Literary Property," which enacted "that the anthor of any tragedy, comedy, play, opera, farce, or any other dramatic piece or entertainment, composed, and not printed and published by the author thereof, or his .assignee, or which hereafter shall be composed and not printed or published by the author thereof, or his assignee, shall have, as his own property, the sole liberty of representing, or causing to be represented at anyplace or places of dramatic entertainment whatsoever in any part of the united ingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Isles of Mlan, Jersey, and Guernsey, or in any part of the British dominiors, any such production as aforesaid, not printed and published by the author thereof or his assignee, and shall be deemed and taken to be the proprietor thereof:' for a period since extended by the 5th and 6th of Victoria, chap. 45i, sec. 20. It could not be successfully contended by the plaintiff that the right, having once accred todthe author under this statute, could be assigned, ithout a writing, under the 2d section of the 3d and 4th of Wiliam IV., chap 15. There woas no written assignment to the plaintiff in this case. The plaintiff therefore had no right to the reoresentation of the dramatic piece, unless it couldbe estabThhed that, by reason of the arrangement entered into between him and Courtenay, the right vested in him. It w-as contended, with this object that Gourtenay waus the plaintiff's servant, and that the dramatic piece became Ins property at the moment of its produntion, and that the case was likened to that of a atent invention, where the inventions of servants might be adopted by the employer and incorporated in his own desig, without detracting from its originality. But it was answvered, that literary productions stood upon higher grounds than mechanLical inventions, and that the statultes passed for the protection of copyright were passed for the protection of literary mnen; that no relation existed between the law of copyright and of patents, and that no emploter, who whuself took no part in a literary work, could, without an assgnment, tayke the property. To this it might be said that beth were the creatures of statgtes. But to establish that a difference did exist betneen the two cases, it was only necessary to bear in mind that, on one Land, a person tho imported an invention from abroad, unknown- in this country, was an inventor entitled to a patent; but, on the other hand, a person who translated a foreign literary work could not ;be entitled to the copyright in theis country. The Court did not enress any opimion whether, under any circumstances, a copyright might become vested in an employer ether than the person weho composed or adapted it. But no such effect could beo produced where the employer merely suggested a subject which, so far as die character of originality belonlged to it, flowed from the mind of the writer. It appeared to the Court to he an abuse of terms to say that the employer was the author of a wrork to which he had not contributed one idea. The Court could not bring their minds to any other conclusion than that Courtenay was the author, and that he acquired by being sO a statutable right to the property in the piece, and, inasmuch as there had been no assiganment in writing to the plaintiff of that right, he could not sue. For these reasons the Court thought that the rule ferna nonsuit should be made absolute. Rule absolute. The rest of the day was occupied with arguments i showing cause ag,ainst rules for newr trials, none of which, however, were of public interest. '
COURT OF EXCHEQUER. TuEmAY. .TAz In NKw TPRA.G PAPER. MSYIPSON V. LLOYD. (SiUina in BameoA. Mr. H. T. COLE showed cause against a rale for a new trial, which had been granted on the ground thatthe verdict which poassed for the defendant at the trial at Blistol before Mfr. Jstice Williams ws not justified by the evidence. It appeared that the plaintiff was an attorney, and that he had employed the defendant, who is a architect, to preFare plans and drawings for, and to superintend, the alteration of a house near Weston-super-IMare an which he czt*mnplat!d an expendituAe of nearly 3,Q000. The works were extended over a period of two years, and, on their completion, the defendant sentinhis billto theplaintif, Who, thoughhe had occasionally complained of delay on the part of the defendant, did not make any direct or serious imputation.on him. The plaintiff, however, disputed the amount of the bill, which was 3221, and, after some legal proceedings, he settled the action t-hrough a friend and agent, by paying a sum of money which, with past payanents, amounted to 2301. With this settlement the defendant deemed that his conneLion with the plaintiff ceasedbut the plaizntifftthen brought this action against hii, in which -he claimed compensation from the defendant for alleged neglect of duty as architect, and for the delay in the proeecntion of the works occasioned by the absence of workmng drawings and plans. At the trial the plaintiff succeeded in establishing his case to a trifling extent, but the jury disregarded the cvidence, and, acting on prejudice, gave a verdict in favour of the defendant. When the report of the learnedJudge was read, he certified that he thought the verdict ought to have been for t7ue plaintiff for nom-iinal damages, but added that he could not regret the verdiet which the jury had given. It was now contended for the defendant that the Jury were justified in the course they had tal-en, as it was c ear that the claim of the plaintiff was included in the settlement of the defendant's action t hima, and that as the jury wrere the best judges of the c their finding ought not to be distuArbed, or, at al events, it could only be so on payment of costs. Mrr. Serjeant Kinglake and Mtr. KQaralake, who sappeared for the pl,aintiff, were not called on to support their rule, for, The CImIEI BARON was of opinion thlat the report of the learned judge was conclusive, and that, the jury having taken a wrong view of the evidence, the case amAst be sent down to a second trial, unless the defendant would consent to a stprocemsusw, the result of which would be that neither party would get his costs. There was no doubt that the plaintiff had made out a case, but it was one of a most trumpery description, and one which entitled him to damages of the smallest, the lowest, the meanest amount. A farthing, or ay still smaluler sum by which the jury coulld have signufied their contempt for his cause of action, might welsl have been awarded as damages; but to the verdict, with some amount of damages, theplaintifl' had made out his title, and the jury were not to be allowed to find for the defendant in defi.ance of the law and evidence, It might be that the Court would gladly deprive the plaintiff of his costs though he might show himself to be entitled to a verdict, but the Court could not makc a Law for the particular case or allow a jury to do so. The judgment of the Court, therefore, was, that the rule for anew trilA must be made absolute, but wiithout costs, as the verdict was so clearly wrong; but the better way for both parties would be that the defendant should agree to a eft procersu-udgment accordingly. (SiWings 2nAiddclescr, atNisi Prius, in HiZaj STerm,, beforc M1r. Baron BRAMELL anzd Common Juris.) The Court was occupied the whole of the day in trying a cause which had only been partly disposed of when Mr. Baron BRAIMnVELL intimated that, his presence being required in the full Court, the further proceedings in this matter must stand over till to-morrow (this) morning.
ADMIRALTY COTTRT. TRm.AV . .TAs. 9 THE RICSSON.COLLTmO. (Befoirc D,:. LusGmcToN. This was an action brouaght by the bark Aldennan Thompson, of the burden of 293 tons, against the Ericsson, asteamvessel, of the burden of 1,900 tons, to recover the loss occasioned by a coDision between them off Dover about midnight on the 15th of October last. The bark, a collier in ballast, wasproceedingfrom Portsmouth to Sunderland; *thesteamer, cargo and 60 passengers, was bound from Bremen to Newt York. The bark alleged that it was a fine, clear, star}ight night, with a fresh breeze from M W. by N. andTh.at she was on the port tack heading E.N E. She observed the steamer broad on her starboard bow, distant about four miles, upon which she exhibited a bright signal lantern. The steamer continued to approach her ra id, and when within three or four cables'length the red light for the tst time became visible. The steamer .was loudly hailed to warn her of the pro.ximity of the bark, but no attention; was paid to it,and, acollision being Then inevzitable, the hark was in the act of etarboardingf in order to ease the blow when the steamer with great violence ran into her, and cut her down to the water's edge. The helmsman was carried overboard and drowned. She charged the steamer with abandoning her after the accident. Thesteamer in her defence, pleaded that she was proceedio nW.S.W course,lthe weather being clear, though the aught was dark A light was suddenly exhibited by the bark ciose under the steamer's bows, whereupon the helm was immediately put hard aport, and the engines were slowed, stopped, and backed, in quick succession, hut, the bark having starbearded her he instead of porting it, the vessels came in contact, notwithstanding the engines were going astern full speed. She denied that the bark exhibited a light until she was dlose under the steamr's bows. Immediately after the aceident she hailed the bark, as she asserted, inqluired w hat damage had been done, and if she required assistance. No reply was made, and it being seen that the hark kept her course as if steering for the Downs, the steamer, after stopping about half an hour, proceeded on her voyage. Dr. Addams and Dr. Twiss appeared for the bark; Dr. Haggard and Dr. Robinson for the steamer. The learnedl Junox, withont hearing counsel for the bark, or formally summing upthe case to the Elder Brethren hby whom he was assisted, said they were of opinion that the steamer, proceeding at the rate of 10 knots an hour, was to blame for not having a good look out, and seeing the hark sooner and taking measures to avoid her; that the hark acted rightly in not porting her helm when she saw the green light of the steamer; that she was justified in starhoarding her helmn at the last moment to ease the collision; tbat The helm of the steamer was not ported until she was within 20 yards of the bark that there was then no time for the hen of the bark to be ported, which did aU she could by showing a light from the starboard bow. He was not satisfied, locking at the respective sizes of the vessels, and at what must have been the conviction of those on board the steamer as to the damage done in consequence of the collision, that due and proper measures were taken on her part, such as humanity would dictate to save the lives put in danger on board the bark. Being an Americaan vessel she was not within the jurisdiction of this countr, but if a British steamer had so conducted herself it would have been a part of his duty to make a representation to the lords of the Admiralty, in order that there might have been a criminal prosecution. TfaE RESuT.-sALTAGc This was a suit promoted by the steamina Chance to obtain compensation for salvage services rendered to the Result, a vessel of the burden of 1,465 tons, which grounded on the Goodwin Sands on the 12th of August. She sailed from Gravesend, having on board a telegraphic cable, bound for Sardinia, and intended to touch at lymouth to take in machinery. Several boats went to her aid, one of which proceeded to Deal forthe steamer. On the arrival of the steamer, according to her account, she assisted in carryin out an anchor, and in preventing the head of the vessel from going further on the sand, from which she was rescued Tihese facts were denied by the owners. The boatmen were paid 51501. for their services, and the steamer was offered 100?., which she declined to accept. The v alue of the property salved was 96,0001. Dr. BJayford andDr. Deane were heard for the salvors; Dr. Addains and Dr. Twiss for the owners. The learned JUDGE awarded 2001., with costs.
I COURT OF BAVRBUPTCY, BBsighaetre, Jar.. 29. IN BE S. 1{. RANFORD. (Bcfo&2e Mr. Cnzmtniaioner 1TATmnT I tIne banrrnpt was a livery-stablekeeper at the railway station, Lewisham. This was the exmnination meeting. Mr. CILIDLEY, for the assignees, said they were satisfied, and the bankrupt passed. (Before Mr. Conzmfiozzcr FONBLAxQrE.) IN BE C. R. THOMPSONA MiD CO. The bankrupt, C. H Thompson, carried on business under the above style as a wine merchant and East India agent at Winchester-house, Old Broad4-sreet, London, and at Southaunpton. This was an examination meeting. His accounts commenced in 1847 with a capital of 6,4081., and closedwith unsecured debts to the amount of 15,0001., and about 4,PO01. of assets. 3Mr. LAwiANCE, for the assignees, was willing that the bankrupt should pass, and applied for the sanction of the Court to their becoming parties to a suit in Chancery which Sir Richard Brown had instituted against the Necropolis Company for negotiating the sale of land in possession of the company The COUtT sancioned the suit, and passed the bankrupt's examination. (Before .11r. Commi5ione EvAs.) fn RE PATrESON. The bankrupt was a surgeon and ointment maker, of Alpha-road, St. John's-wood. Hlis accounts show debts 3,w01. ande no assets. This was the certificate mneeting. Mr. Lawrance opposed; Mr. Linl;ater supported. It was urged that the bankrupt had traded recklessly and extravagantly, hiring and purchasing new carriages from Mr. Nurse, coachbuilder, at a time when he was in embarrassed circumstances, Mis HoNour. said, the case was one of that class in which a man who was in insolvent circumstances went on contracting debts regardless of metns of making payment. If he acted on his own [opinion there would be a very long suspension of the bankrupt's certificate. As that opinion was not, however, in accord with the Court of Review, the bankrupt would receive a second-class certificate after si months' suspension,with protection. In RE ADAM. GLEN. The bankrupt was a baker, of Regent-street, and subseauently the proprietor of the White Bear Hotel, Piccadilly. The particulars of the case have been already reported. H4e now passed his examination, all questions of conduct being reserved for the certificate meeting. E BEE PETER THOMIPSON. The bankrupt was a merchatnt, of Birchin-lane. Thts was an adjouprned examination meetig. wis accounts, which have been already pulblished, show unsecured debts 6',6401., atnd nominal assets, consisting chiefly of consigntments to Australia, of doubtful realization. MIr. Lawraltce appeared for the bankrupt; llr. I.inkater for the assignees. After some discussion, during which it was stated that the case had been before the Couirt nearly two years, the bankrupt passed his exaraination.
IKSOL VENT DEBTORS COURT, Jan. 29. L1 RE SAMUEL AARON alias ALLEN. tBeforer-. Commlt.titnr NfTrpTzPrv- This insolvent, whose former unsuccessful applications for discharge havc been reported in Th. Times, again appeared to-day. M&r. Sarzood opposed for 3Iessrs. Shoolbred and Co., and and Co., linendrapers. Thetnslvet i 18a,took- some premises in Bow^-stre, Covrent-garden, with the expressed pn-pose of opening coffee or wine rooms, and ordered goods to a large amount in value from various persons, which goods, however, did not remain in Bow-street, bnt were alsnost immediately removed, in consequence of which some of the tradesnen harged the insolvent 'with obtanung their goods upon false rretences, and he as coamitted to the Mpidleset Sestsions for trial; but, in consequence of some failure o the n of the prosecution to instruct counsel, he was acqmittedc.Ho wasthen.rrrestedat the e it of some creditors, andthas been in custody almost 17 months. I The Orposition to-day was upon the ground, of fraudn Messrs. dhoolbred, o 151, had supplied goods to the insoltvent at his the residence in Euston-grove, vvhence ther disappeared in less than a w eekb Messrs. Haling, in 1t54, lelivered goods in Bow-street, fhere they remained as short a time as in thejprecedng case. While the insolvent was in custody upon the ariminal charge he gave a w earrant of Attorney to his mother, conveying to her a lsage quantity of proverty, then in custody of the police, as sereity for an alleged debt of 4001 for advances made at variousi temes. Both thr e novent and his mother were to-dayexamined upon this poimts and swore the debt was justly due, hut that, ithou h the property w;as sold for 120!., Mrs Ataron h.ad only received about 301. It was contended. by the creditors that the aaeged debt to Mrs. Aaron was a juggle to prevent the tradesmwen from recovering any pcortion of the property of whEich theyhad been despoiled, andl that .jthe insolvent had pursued a systematic course of plunder. Mr. Commuissioner .Muicrs adjourned the case until Tuesday for notice to be given to a creditor, observing that it was one of the most fraudulent cases which had come before himo, and the insolvent must expect to receive a severe judgment.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Tleslay, Ja2n 29. : E~~~~~~~I (Before MVr. PAS.naz, Q. C., the Assistant-Judge.) Fivemen namd Pter ane, Joe~hDavis, Frederick Farmr, Bnpnsn Hal, ad Thmas es,were indicted Mr. Met alfe appeared for the prosecution. The prisoners It aPpeared that the prisoners were inmates of the City of Loudon 'Uion, and one day the cellar in wch the wine for the sick was kept was broken into, and si-x bottles of port were taken and drunk. All the prisoners but Hall wTee at wolrk near the celar wheon the wine was stlen, and they w foind in a state of intoxication. Thejr AV u s teo d Hasl, and found the others Guilty. The 5 Asrrn sentenced them each tho five monthes hard labour. Willa flicksn , 30, and tohm Dickson, 30, were indicted for stealing six quarts of whisky, the property of Henry Browning and another. The prisoners were stokers on board the Perth steamer, and on the evening of the 21st they were observed by a Thames policeman rowing away from the vessel, then lying off Wappng, in a mauner which induced him to folow them. As soon as they perceived the officer in pursuit, they each threw a bladder containing something into the river. Tey told bint that they belonged to the Perth, and had bonght some whisky in Scotland, which they hiad been usingall the voyag%e,but madenorepl when he askedthem what they had thrown overboard. Hle ob,erved the blad desfloating, rdowedi after them, dean pike d them lp T Ihey e containted six t quart dtof whisky, herich chrer,p'aldh d in quaity wir th somteta i°n casks n board tyhren steamerb consine toDthe prosecutorhn n 9 oees, wh recatshi Mrk-ulane onea the ceasrs besaing gaugd about twokgallonsend ahall were The prisoners, in their defence, said they bought the whisky at Dundee, and secreted it on board unknown to the captain, to bring to London for friends. The jury retumed a verdict of Acqugittal. (Before Mr. Wrrsrnin) James Scully, a stupidl-looing feIlow, 20 years of age, was indicted for stealing 79 sovereigns, a knife, and a variety of other articles, the propetrty of John M1adden. The prosecutor is a labouring man, a native of Irelandl, Ivg inGower's-place, tWhteehapel, and the circunmstance detale bhin the evidence in support of the charge against the prisoner excited a good deal of nmirth in the court, the wily person whose countenance did not betray a smile being that of the prosecutor. It appeared that the prisoner lodged in the house of Mr. M1adden, and vm Madden bestowed upon him a great deal snore of her affection than pas consdsent with her duty to her ioege lord, and in the end she persuaded him to elope with her, although, as he now protested, he resisted her importunities to the last mroment. Onthe 28th of December the prosecutor went to his work at an early f our in the morning, and on his return home in the latter part of the day he found that a box containing his clothing and 79 sovereigns, the remit of yea-i and years of saving had been broken open, his treasure gone, and soon after he ascertained that the thieves wdere his own faithless wife and the prisoner. Having passed the night in the greatest bewilderment, he recesved on the following iornig somie infomation which induced hima to proceed by the next train from Shoreditch station to Newport, in Essex ; and here mus he inentioned -what occurred to the guilty pair on the day they eloped. Mrs. Madden, old enough to be the prisonex's niother, intended to go to America with her Nrsoran,hving the Lord, now, and sure and here's old Jack hinLselft;' an~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Kanou, nd h taken possession of heriusband's wea th, they started off for the prose of proceeding to Newpot, near Cardiff, but they ia ned to go by mistake to the Eastern Counties instead o te Great Western aiaflway, and, instead of Newport in omfo onothhire, they proeeeded to Newvport in Essex. On arriving there the attention of the swttionniaster was directed to them, as they complained of having been brought to the wrong place.v "Thi is not Newport, Jack, for theres no water," cried Mrs. Madden, and the prisoner patheticallyinquired in the name of the Lord, "where the great big ships were." The station-naster, having madea fewne uiries, sardtohier, "Iseehowitis;youwantedto go to 2fhessort, in 1omouthshre, and bave come here by mistaker; you had better wait here to-night, and proceed to the other Newport in the momring." At the time he said this he saspected that something was wrong, and ventured to intimate to Mrs Madden that it appeared to him that. either she had rsn tawa wtvith the boy (the prisoner), or the boy had ran away wth her, but she seemedin no way disposed to give him any information on the subject The tain was in motion, and the prisoner, not aware that his box had been taken out of the break, began bewailing that the trainwas taking it away from him, and next moment he munped offt th platfori and darted off after it, and the station-naster after him. He brought him back, and the prisoner then identified a box lying on the platform with a numberofothersashis, and it was delivered tohim. They adopd dnthlike stmatio uter hadvice, and remained there thatd, noght. Nt mssorning they made their appearance at the station, and applied for tickets to Peterborough;o bt hsbatifd i ise own m bind hat something was wrong, the station-master declined giving them the tickets and recommended them to return to London ; ho intending, if they did so, to telegjph that they should be watcohed. But before they had maade up their minds as to what should be done, another character appeared en the seene, and that was Mr. Johne Madden in his own proper person. A train was coming inp, and the prisoner noticed the head of bhs injured friend at the windowv of one of the arias, band he screamed out to his companion, "Oh t by the Lord now, and sure and here's old Jack himiself,"1 an announcement which put Mtrs Madden in a state of ibendescribable consternation. "Old ack" sprang out of thecarriange, and, addressing himself to the pisoner, demanded th knowTwhere his money was. Ti prisonersaid he hadnoin of the money, that the box and all it contained were th . han the'd dsefy Jack Maden r anyo nenelseo layah wihe ofsasfingeuon. i. Treat chief ontabe w ase soet fo, and he chare o fn hat ving bee pretfread, that unc rtin 35 Hesd n i the pbox,iwh omen w idth sie eariy thoFne wlse meits ch e afe hris pertoh er uty, perbut tuson ti here was nonte.d h osal thahprsctreneaskedtherbcwgife wthere hem aoney wais, butaish fus ted to seantil hiot was with him. The soenten pdced him toofurmot,s hand thebour.te enbied tothaafemaley Soearche theardiclswentfr, anthe thenps pwnreduce frmhegrebosom par bere orontann of llrs. 6d. and herrohuband', swatc hsandcn epsstatingtha "Shme lefth85 sI overigs waabi.1n the bopthme;btifshnerdid someke one elsce haduthem knforwic the prosecutoradbe unable tosfisandoe Itha it asstated thattheproxecthredy eivredtherelopemen ntohi Thoue aftartinsa his,dbtfthtcsh wasd not nws livng withck hm. The boxmi wasprdched yinlddcoutan the wikcntenptsaehibite tof the jurye. Sometof the marticlesdwere the pioe gown bto thaegrcawther,partswerewportions of MrOl Madden' wardrobe,nor as hera husband hexpresusedit "som lofg tshe oad woran'ics wanabltha' in h rsnrspce h fie fudakiewihthefpoeutrsoeta i, and thatshga The preeistoner,un of ihisdfne ad twsa nuk minut forhim inohic tho juyielded to hey woIkotedntemptation ofhMrse Maddnsh too the money, astawsfond put thewie clothe itand fortherthinsaint whishebox,e aonsdersead him tod gonitoedalaricaywithrherasshecwas tiheXof"OldthJarck"s and thd'tek him, beatn all bundtht he refused astlongla the minds toig, but nhotluntiltheywr aotenthe,railwa sthation, andise, wihwad aei h prourto'sbo the tikt.HdadMs addben'so dilie ofa hery husbaondars fro his boceatin her fand esther baractices andthtytwas socrnd he oae nly hob cormmted 1The Theft auyond tha he gaveohim pulety of gtaingan bhee beforein heagred toe runi ofitehr M1r. Wrrmnxsatod,thejr that tho ould noateterthatthe thoe chaorges toite montey asinthat wasfoudo the whoeafife,an buat twaprsfonrthemdt saytewhcther they considereadhe had boxsuashis,nbu the whol geatofa thecontenoftsetw, and ta h knie, whic wasr shafei the prosecutorsha boxt ath dany baefore THe jhury foundsi the prisoner Guiltyofy stvearingthe otuihin aend,the knife.bigral h uly esn;btsilh that athedprioner hid actedindert hertinfluenc anday hert her. Hesentenced him to four months'bard labour.
POLICE. GUnnrLL-Mr Alexander Napoleon Pothonier, of King's Arms-yard, appeared before Sir P. Luness to answer the complaint of Mrs. Manning, the widow of a deceased master of a vesseL Mr. Duncan appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Peachy, of the firm of Lavie and Oliverson, appeared for thoe defendant. Mr. Duncan said the plaintiff on this summons was the widow of a master of a vesiel called the Isis, of which the defendant was the owner, who died abroad, leaving con. siderableassets in the hands of Mr. Pethonier. Ie believed that the claim was resisted from. a misconception of one of the sections of the Merchant Seamen's Act.T Under thel8fth, section of that act any seaman or apprentice, or any person dulyanthorized on his behalf, might sue in a summary man. ner before any two justices of the peace for wages, and in this case the master of a vessel was m the same position as a seaman. But his client was not suini for. wages under that section of the act, but under the 22bth section, which provided that the owners of every vessel should bear the expese of buryingthe master or any of the crew who mnight die while iu the sexvice of the ship to which he belonged; and in the present case the owner had deducted 10l. for the funeral expenses of the master. -- Mr. Peachy said, that under the 191st section the masters of vessels were placed on the same footing as seamen, and, this being an executrix suing for* a deceased's wages, it was not a ease for the jurisdiction of this cout. - Mfr. Mart in, the chief clerk, said, under the 200th section th-ere was amode of recovering wages by a deceased. seaman's reprseaintatives, but that must be done by the Board of Trade. - -- - - Mr. Peachy said that was the case. Mr. Duncan saidthatbe went on the pointthat, Mr. Pothonier having assets in his hands1Onging to the deceassed, it was no answer for him to say that ltretained the money for funeral expenses, for by the set he w bound to bury him at his own expense. The defendant hadseted,an account between himself and the plaintif, and thererre he bad waived any legal objection he might have had to tt jurisdiction of this court Mr. Peachy submitted that this was not the proor tribuns, and therefore he objected to its being investigated. He au tteathat there was a small balance due, but it should be investigated elsewhere, for it was only a mattcr of account, although of several hundred pounds. It was not a question of wages, but one of figures, and, if it had not got into the hands of a lawyer, they would have been able to settle the difference without coinng into a court at alL He was wiling to submit the matter to arbitration and meet the plaintiff in everythmg that was fair. It was ultimately arranged thatthe summona shoulastand adjourned until Thursday, in order to enable the parties to settle the matter, if possible. WxSTunssm.-The court was thronged with pawnbrokers anxious to hear the proceedings ina case deeply affecting their interests and those of the public whose necesI sities drive them to their establishments. The case had been before heard, but, owing to want of form, was now proceeded with de nos. The facts which were adnitted, are briefly these :-On the 6th of October, 1854, three paintings, belonging to George 'Wilson, were separately pawned at the house of Mr. Edward Smith, Vietoria-road,Piillco, for only a t. s. in alL On the 13th of October, 1855, Mrsn Wson sent for the paintings, and on the 17th wvent herself, and tendered I1. lls, in payment of the princpal and interest, when shec was infomed that they were sold, and that it would be robbing her to take her money. She applied to this court, when M7r. Arnold granted her a summons against the pawnbroker for unlawfully detaining the paintings, and called upon the defendant to prove the sale; but, asthe evidence was deemed unsatialhctory, as not affording the magistrate the opportunity f applying the ordinary test, an order was made againstIll Smith to restore the paintings, or pav their value, 51. This order wras disobeyed; and, in order that proceedings might be strictly in form, a fresh summons was granted, returnable yesterday. Mr. Parry addressed the mgistrate at some length for the defendant. Mfr. AILNOLD said that the pawnbroker's possession of the goods was satisfactorily shown by his havmg them left with him in pledge, and it was for him to show that they were now out of his passession, and thero was a waiver of the tender by what h ten place at the time the money was offered. It having been stated, after allusion to some cases in the law books, that this was a mattex upon which the pawnbrokers earnestly desired the decision of a superior court, some conversation arose as to the mode of getting the case up for such a deision, when another difficalty presented itself,-that of who was to pay the expenses? The pawnbrokers as a body were willing to take their share as apellants, but who was to defray the costs of respondent? file complainant declined to go any further than the magistrate's jurisdiction. He said that he had no means to contend against a wealthy body of men to try a point of law, and likened his position to that of taking arms against a swarm of hornets. Mr. ARnoLD suggested that, as the pawmii -ok-ers wisaed a superior decision upon the point, if he w.os against them perhaps they would not demand costs of the opposite party, by weich meaus the present difficulty would he got rid of. Several of the pawnbrokers objected to this, upon which, Mr. ARNSoD rerlied, that tlhy were not sincera in their assertion that they wished to try the point. The pawnlbrokers replied that they had carried on their. busine-s ac *rX ding to their present mode for above the last har eei1tui-y, .and they did not see that the law was open to olly other iterpretation than what had during that time bLean pUt UpOnI ie. fter some conversation the matter nwas adjourned for r. wee7k, to give all parties time to consider upon it. Received for the poorbox half a 101.-note, L IL., 60,275, from " L. Z.," and 2s.-worth of stamps from " R. T. C. N." Wonsit -smrTrR ..-Jol m Pc^ock, a general postman, appeared before Mr. D`Ercour.T on the following charge:PhoebeElliott, ayoungimarriedwvoman of modest, butsimple appearance, stated thait she is the wife of a pork butcher, in Booth-street, Spitalfields, and was standing at her door on Saturday afternoon se'nit-bt, when the defendant came up with a packet of letters, aTh tellng her, in answer to her question if there was one for her, that there was not, went on writh his delivery. An hour or so afterwards she was seated in her back parlour, when she was told by the boy that she was wanted, and on going into the shop to see who it was she was shocked at finding the defendant there in such a disgusting position as to preclude all further allusion to it. Ife made some observation of an equally scandalous character, and she immediately ran back into the. parlour, but was pursued by the defendant round the table, where he caught her, and forced her into a chair. She strugoled with and escaped from him, and, unfasteniag a side door, ran upstairs, but he stil pursued her, seizedXer by the leg. and tried to pull her down the stairs, in which he persisted until her screams attracted the notice of one of the lodgers, who came to her assistance, vhen he relinquished his hold of her and darted out of the house. She was so agitated and frightened that she fainted, and did not recover tiU she found herself in the room of one of the lodgers. She subsequently communicated the particulars of the outrage to which she had been subjected to herhusbandand father, and they at once determined upon adopting the present proceedings. En cros-examinationtheprosecutric admitteiathat shehad afterwards an interview with the defendant and offered to forego te charge if he begged pardon of her father and self and expressed contrition, but she accounted for this by stating that she had been urged to do so by a woman named Winks, one of her neighbours, and that she was on the road to the Old-street district post-office, when she acecidentally met him. Susan Shelley deposed to being alarmed by the screams of the prosecutrix, and that on hastening out she found the defendant pursuingcthe conduct just described. The prosecutrixc famted, and she carried her intoher room where she recovered, and witness pursued the prisoner, who had then got sway, but she had a light in her hand at the time, and could swear to him positively, and the proseeutrix herself never ox-pressed a doubt about him. Thomas Elliott, a boy 10 years old, also swore to the same facts, and described the position in which he had seen the defendant, which was the same as the prosecutrimx herself had stated. Mr. Vann, for the defence, was instructed to deny the charge altogether; the defendant's prospects would be ruined if this charge were established, and-he had witnesses in attendance to prove that the prosecutrix had expressed some doubt as to the defendant being really the person who had so assailed liar. The learned gentleman then called the woman referred to, Charlotte Winks, who entirely- bore out this statement, but she appeared throughout to have conducted herself in a jocose and improper manner, in relation to so senous a charge, and she was more than once indignantly and positively contradicted by the prosecutrix. Mr. YEvxcaunr said he should send the case to a jury, but would in the mseantime accept bail for the prisoner's appearaneo, andthiswasshortlyafter tendered and accepted. Mr. DEBY1COUVT acknowledged his receipt of lOs. from "A French Exile" for a poor woman named Cole, who had fed, lodged, and clothed a poor outcast girl named Claridge, the particulars of whose case we recently noticed. CLmEREn.WELr.-Aadrew Famagotta, the Italian who had been remanded, on the char"e of outting and wounding William Davidson, for tYe attendance of a Mlitiamnan. who took the knife from the prisoner, but who was not forthcoming, was again placed at tho bar, and, alter being asked by an interpreter if he had anything to say, and replying "' Nothing," he was fully committed to Newgate for trial. Joseph Chaplin, a respectably-dressed man, aged 22, and who stated that'he resided at No. 23, Commercial-road-East, was again plaeed at the bar on remand, charged with picking the pocket of Mrs. De Morgan of a portemounaie containing 2. 3s. It appoaed from the evidence that M1rs. De Morgan, the wife of rofessor De Morgan, and Police-constable Weeks, 100 E, that on Saturday afternoon, about 1 o'clock, Mrs. Do Morgan was proceeding along Woburn-placa, Russelsquare, when she was met by the prisoner, who asked her the way to Oxford-street. Thinking that he was a stranger Mrs. De Morn took some trouble to explain the way to him, and while she was doing so she felt the prisoner push against her. She felt in her pocket and missed her purse, and, on accusing hiss of it, he at first denied taking it, but afterwards began crying, and handed her back her purse. A gentleman came to her assistance, and held the pnsoner until the arrival of police-constable Weeks, who locked him up, and, upon makin in uiries at the address the prisoner gave, he found it to bfalse. The prisoner pleaded "Guilty," under the new act for the speedy punishment of crimiinals. Mr. COSInE said it was a most daring case of robbery, and, .although the prosecutrix had asked him to be lenient in the matter, he could not pass it over without a severe punishmeat, and he should therefore send him to the House of Correction for three calendar months. The second half of a 51.-note has been received from "Peter Pickwick ? and the sender of a registered letter for the sum of 21., complaining that the receipt has not been acknowledged, is' normed that it has been noticed twice before in this journaL THArE.-Nathan Fernandez, a Jew, aged 40, and lately dwelling at No. 3, Angel-court, Shadweli, was brought up on remand before Mr. LxGusn, charged with assaulting Matilda, his wife, about the same age as himself, whose statementof her sufferings excitedgreat commiseration in a crowded court. 3Mr. LNGHAM said he did ho p that the prisoner would call witnesses on his behalf and enable him (the magistrate) to deal leniently with him. He had remanded the prisoner and directed the police-constable who had charge of the case to direct any persons who fcould say a word in the prisoner's favour to come forward in his behalf. The prisoner, however, was unable to bring forward a single Person to say anything in hisfavour, andhe concluded he was what the witnesses described him to be, anill-tempered, ferocious, drunken fellow, who was constantly beating his afflicted wife. The evidence went to prove that the prisoner's conduct to his wife was exceedingly brutaL. Ie- could not help saying the conduct of the prisoner towards his wife was most atrocious and unmanly, and he sentenced him toho imprisoned and kept to hard labour in the House of Correction for six calendar months. SOvrnwARsX.-Isaac Repath, acias George White; a private in the Royal Marines, was brought up for final exami- nation, hargedvith having knowingly ttered several 5b ajid100; B6nk 6f England notes, such being forgeries. Several cases having been ptoved, Ili. CoMBE asked whether anything was known of the prisoner. Inspector Mackintosh replied that he was a very bad character. Before he enlisted in the Marines he deseited from the Bifle Brigade. There was a number of other charges against him tor utternng forged St. and 101. notes, but the anthorities of the Bank of Englland considered that the cases entered into were suflicent to meet the ends of justice. The whole of the depositions having been read overby Mr. Nokes, the second cieiki lEr. COMBE fully coml3nitted the prisoner to Newgate for trial. LAIMETIL-A deaf and dumb boy, who has been in custody for aweek,on a charge of having in his possession three brass taps with some lead-pipe attached, which were supposed tobe stolen, was again placd at the bar before Mr. LuoTrT for final exanination. - Mr. William Wheshar, of No. 4, Doughty-street, Lambeth, dposed that he hadthe care of some houses belongin to 31r. Shepherd, in his street, and that the taps foug on the prisoner were 'cut from the water-butts of tha houses Mos. 6,10, and IL He knew the prisoner fromn is living with his parents at one of these houses about four years, and he was then and still deaf and dumb. Lsaac Fiory, a city constable, 57, said that in the month of May, 1855, he detected the prisoner in the act of wrenching off some brass from a gentleman's door, and on searching him found on his person more of the same sort. On that occasion, he was taken before Alderman Wire, and it appeared from the evidence of one of the persons connected with the Deaf and Dumb Asylum that the prisoner had been discharged fr-om that instituition for dishonesty, and he was committed to Bridewell for 21 days. The prisoner's father, a deeent looldng man, said that bis son, though apparently not more than 13 or 14, was 18 years of age, and from childhood he had displayed such determined obstinacy that he could do nothing whatever with him. The cause of his dishonesty at the Deaf ani Dumb Institution was, he (the father) thought, owing to a .ractice allowed there of the boys keepmg locked boes. rersons so afflicted he (witness) understood from good authority were frequently, if not generaUy, addicted to dishonesty, and the facilities afforded them in the institution of locking up what they took was, he doubted not, an inducement to them to rob each other. When at home the prisoner was so obstinate as not to take the slightest notice of questions 'rnt to him in the ordinary way, though at the institution ie seemed pretty attentive; and he (the father) was at a loss what he should do with him, and should be therefore very much obliged te his vorship to assist him in gett!ng him into some institution. h,r.EELnoTT observed that he knew of no institution where such a boy wonld be taken, and, as he could not be allowed to go about committing offences of this description, he should send h.m to Wandsworth House of Correction for six weeks. The magistrate requested the acknowledgment of the second half of a 1O.note, from "L. Z," for the poorbox.
ALixEGED CURE FOR IYDItOPnOBIA.-M. GuerimIfeneville lately brought before the French Academy of Sciences a means of curing hydrophobia which, he stated, is practised in Russia with success. A little insect, the golden eetonides, found in considerable quantities on rose trees, is proved, when pounded to a powder, and administered internaly, to produce a profound sleep, which sometimes Lasts for 36 hours, and which has the effect in many cases ef cornplete;ly nullifying the hydrophobic aff^ection. A distinguished entomologist of lRussia, i. Mrot.housLd, has tried several experiments with this insect, and in most cases with success. [Advertisement.}-The best Fxench Dictionary published Is De la. Voe1ss French-Englisa and Eals-French Dictionary, pric 6s, strongly bound. " This dictionuarey Dy La Voye, ws-ho was tfloe late French fastr at alddislombe, i al the miitasy, naval. and coWumescal terms, with the eambematiad iorraito of e Iren lar verbs, sadvaom-pbn spdocs eyalt the whomgl.ipltgether isa meetw ofi thonk get upt withr gmreat cra th an contansBa va stb deal of orinality mits arans,gement that wil prove a gr_atuhen p to aul who deostilre to cultmva te dn intimate knorlede ot the n t gs anFrench languages There is litte doubt that itwvill hecome a standard Febek o£ edu tnned-LondCn, George Routnedlge and Co., ingdon- EAdvertisement1}" Nol'an Dllustrated Hlistory of the rresntwaaganst tusia ebeUsbedwi&portraits of emi3nent I Advertisement.3-" The Qaleen Receiving the Sacrament adt her Coronation,^ brm thec original p3eture by fr o. Oesl3ia Res in,ae th &o ost splendid manner by Ba3nuel Cousins, sq Views ofh t key to tha numerous portraits otnoble ladeh s Eatt*pblihedatl2 guinea. Ai_nv ery iine impressions remain att&cepresent Ean sadgLineand mhiph wip be adr crdm Them plate is dosaw EalochmPaning plat cotins 40 loseyispringoted spr-ricsRoyal.ocav pag two psatese eavgs exteculpairwitehd thxesl fr Wtheoo wrek. aso a ncutrea theybmane a splendidtdcooration forant gentleman's rcom . or the ai alone, if thecspa^e only reep3rcs twvo. London, ^ihomas B3oys 467o 2xfopd-street A catalod Uo pla be had on a2pllcation. fAdvertisement."Mu ready Qneenture of the "Wolf ant the Camb;r Theion,"AtfJom r th or pibrarby Vric t 2 Ls 6d, Iontal e ngraving s f wriMuchradys Wol and the d m The- the is Wald e t Kcwao by Gainon p andt s om " hT ,roup in maolfot P ris Tho SleePDdtwo -la res mk beautil p with the Woyal ooectiouet Amosg centre thoheycike a splendiddeoration f of D - g eckerm "Jeom 4P3OefreD-steed (DAn catao.u mBribeiha Ftson application. KAdIet iElsemend.]-Msllrenadysicure o ilathael "Wof Sandi *th L}Egam. The "ArtJossnlfr}eroaaprice Exiitos. * S>d., eontain Rw" by Gainaberotk ugh; and from he grouplansashl tdo o" Te SeeArknd,"byFllotrt.Far" ,ilenFt Armousrav," *Iustrated; "Art Studi Art l;d catiou,"Yirtue anud Co., ?i5, Pa.temnestr-reow.
THE EiRE LJ THE NEW-ROAD. Yesterday Mr. Waldey, coroner f or the Western ivisiosi of Middlesex, opened an inquiry as to the death of Elizabeth Saunders, alias Wyse, who was kiled by thefallingof a portion of the rnis of Messrs. Hop ison's pianoforte muanufactory, near the New-road, St.Pancras, recentlydestroyed by fire, the wa3Is of which were blown down durng the prevalence of the high wind on the morning of Thursda3 last. The investigation is the first which has taken place sinca the new Metropolitan Buildings Act has come into opera tio. Kr. Ballantine attended on the part of the County Fire. office. in which the building was insured for 1,000!., and the stock for 2,0001., there being another insurance effected isz the North of England-office for 2,000L.; MIr. J. Lay'on, of the dim of Jaques and Co., of Ely-place, attended for tha Messrs. Iopindson; and another professional gentleman for the sufferers by the fall of the bhilding. The coroner and jury having inspected ise ruins of the several houses destroyed in Fitzroy-row, where the deceased and the other persons injured resided, ad. ourned to the Elephant and Castle, Hing's-road, facing St. ancras Worlkhouse. Mary Anne Harle, sister of the deceased, stated that the deceased's namo was not Saunders, but Wyse, upon whichL the jury were re-sworn. She then said she was the wife of a shoemaker, residing in Park-street, Camden-town. }ler Eister, who was not married, was 49 years of age, and re* sided at No. 5, Fitzroy-row. Mr. Layton directed the attention of the coroner ant juryto the second part of the 31etropolis Buildings Act' 18th and 19th Victoria, cap. MB, =hich, under the head oI " Dangerous Structures," gives power to the Metropolitat Police Commissioners to serve notices as to the dangerons character of certain structures, and, in the event of theill dangerous character not being forthwith removed, or the plice notice not being complied with, the commissioners ha wpler 4smummon the parties before the justices of the peace and comnpel them to cornply with the ree,uisition. Hle (MAr. Lfayton) hadonlyreceived such : notice, signed by Sin Richard ilayne, on the previous day, and Mtessrs. Hopkins son wvere anious to comply with it as soon as possible. A Juror.-That notice has been served after the walK fell Mr. 1ayton.-Just so. Ead this notice been sen-ed a fortnight ago, we should, not have been here this day. A juror expressed himself very freely npon the nsbjecl but he wvas stopped by the coroner, wiho ured the jury noS to prejudge the ease, or say who they considered to blames till they heard the evidence upon oath. The investigation was ultimately adjourned to Tnesday nest,
A FsASzzvar' s LoiGmG.-On Saturday (sayl. the WIndsor Express) a labonring man, named Jones, preferred a charge of "m rissage" against his master, a farzuew at Shinfield. During the proceedings it was sted that Jones ws hired as a yearly servant by the defendant, who was to pay him a certain sum per week- and find him lodg. ing, such lodging being a hurdle covered vith straw, am! suspended by a rope from the edlingof the harness-room. Jones alleged, among other *" complaints," that this lodging was notprovided, andthat ir consequencehe was obliged tq s]ece in the loft of a publichouse. rdvertisement. -"Sunday Titmes."-i the colurnu of is journal of Sunda next will be found themosteompleteana interesting rert of the opening oefarliAuent. to09ther with a caerfur tsum of t e important debates Which are Uliey to occury the atteto fthe Hoause. The leadin;polticAl tc'Tics w4i be further elisc invariusartiles guhr n theirtendency and imafilirg irx their adocacy f justicea trth; alsothe latestoffic-alintelligenoce sand telraphicommunirations eonerningtha Prelninaries Cf pae. Tne edifftion ofSundameingill oontxin informition fromM pecial fore4ncorresondents: Atest political and listerial movementso the mt etaborate city, commescial, and monetary digest; andsa ample a seection of Satray's news s to Tender it Sltal seren:B. la pa ofthe metropOb5 Obs de.l03, }eotstr rAdvcrtsleent.}-The Meeting of Parliament.-The .b,erver If Sunday next, Feburuy 3, wi contain a full Rnt u:sratereprt of the debates and procednE m inarliament it, .Tzeect to tu oDnduct of the war in the Past nd n the Esitie. an authentio information on the. subject of the unPor=tt negotiations for peace which aro aGnounced to be opened mine. diatelY in. Paris. Al mattWs of foeuin and domestic interest ara sedulously attendedto in the "Oberer"- whic being a vcnth-ila aret ctr~epoita ren. journul (as wenl as aweky osne), enjoys a great msetrilitan :rn gtio . arsidg f,ma it. ootanan -n tbc sA iatys newt inc.>diut dinners. eourt ofaw, Court Circlar.theatres,- Fflel;ssinc At the mctropolitanpsarish!, asfeli as everything conibstedwith the iIi }Metropolitaso5,rdof aWoelks, wrill beforn1 exclt1 ly mn the "to.D 'server' -T.be " Observes" is published every Stir dy mnorning at i! ddcock~ prie, stampd 6d, mnDiampel 3d. An editIon of the "Oth. srver," oantsining all the marliets, i3 aLo publisbul every McnL4, at k +o'cloclc in thu afternoon; mice, stmped, td.elice, 17D, istand,
THB WEST INDIIAN, 7 AND PACIFICMAILS. (BY LEIC TELEGRAnI.) SOUTTIPToW I r 0 1 * _., A VIDYES.'LY MORYN1SB; -e ..ail steamslhip Atrato, Captnin W0ol18y, '- itns the Ve:t Indian, Mexican, anad Padfic mails, we have. dates from Havannahl and Jamaica Jan. 10; Den rara aild Trinidad, Jan. 9; Barbadoes, Jan. 11; and St. Tliomas'§ Jan. 16. Th}e trato brings 62 passengers, 609,895 dollURA ini specie, 4,6001. in jewelry and precious stones, and the utsual cargo. In consequence of the boisterous state of the weather no na,l's or specie were received on board from Tampico. At Ver Cruz the mails were puit on board by a shore boat, I ut no specie. AU the West India Islands were reported bealthy, except Porto Fico, at whicl place cholera was raginz fearfully. From Jamaica there is nothimg ot imporance. ;ittle slteration had taken place in conmmercial affa:.s. The mnarket was inundated with bread, but there Nv ws no R,or. Corn and coffee wvere wanted. Supar sold. at 20s. to 2,5 accordling to quality. Exchange for bills Dn London at G0 days were quoted at 1. pcr cent. priniuA. At Demerara the Legislature have been actively engaged in improving the laws for the I,etter overnmneztof the colony. The average yield of sugar k3s been found to be somewhat less during thim last year than in 1854, and trade throughlout the year lvws dull. The daumage dlonie to the sea defences Las been partially mepaired. The export lsing thc forlui ht were-sugar,1,295 hhds., l tierces-, 82i barrels, XO bags; rum, 605 puncheons, 4G lhhds., 13 Faurrels; molsses, 137 punckeons, 100 caSks; *iI-nb, 3 cmks ; cocoanuts, 11,800; cofeeo, IA barreL Barlamles was more than usually healthy, and the sagar 'busihness -was very fasourable. The new CGovernor had not arrived, but was expected. Ne was at St. Thoix.Ws, w-aiting the neat Windward bound steamahip. Mexican news still reports that Republic to be in tlae mnost unsettled state, and that it appeared to be closely bordering upon-a dissolution. A correspondent said that ere IGng the new Republic, -composed of the Coalmila, Nucvo Leon, and Tamaulipas, woould shortly declare itself .nd bocoumezeparted from the 3exican territory. Sews fromu Port au Prince to the 10th of Janmiry states that 'the Emperor Fsn stin pawsed the frontier of the Republie of St. Domingo on the 20thof December vitl *three anny corps-one in the north from the Cape, ene in the south, and one fronm Port au Prince, coIIIanauded by hiuself. lHe was, bowever, repulsed every'wbere, sustained heavy los0, and was obliged to make a precipitate ilight. Eighty cases of ammunition wvere captureci by the Doniinicans. After his defeat the Emperor Ieft for the Cape, where a sevolution was threa7tening to upset his empire. Several Generals, for retreating, were tried by courtanartial, and condemned to death. Business was at a complete standstilL
THE RUPTURE WITH PERSIA. TO TllE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-As the particulars of the rupttire between the British lission at Teheran and the Court of I'ersia cannot but be interesting to the pubEc, especially at the present moment, and as the letter of your " Ow-n Correspondent," dated Constantinople, Jan. 14, is calculated in some instances to lead to erroneous impressions upon the subject, I shall feel obliged by your insertion of the following plain statement .- MErza Hashim had been a Pe rsian employg, and, considering his pay to be too small, he had applied for an increase, and received for answer a refusal, being further told "that if not satisfied he might seek his fortunes elsewhere." On Mlr. MIurray's arrival he found the Hirza under the protection of the British Mission, and soon ascertained that he was an object of most intense hatred to the Sadr (or Prime Miniister). To withdraw from the Mirza the protection he enjoyed would have been an act of most cruel injustice, as it would have placed him at the mercy of a powerful foe and bitter enemy; at the same time, to retain him at Teheran was evidently a stumblingblock to a good -umderstanding between Mr. Murray and the Sadr. In this dilenima, the British Minister, bound to protect the Mirza, yet anxious to conciliate the Sadr, endeavoured to accomplish both purposes by removing the Mlirzato an agencyat Shiraz, and notified the same officially to the Sadr. This latter, seeing his enemy likely to escape beyond the reach of his immediate vengeance, intimated to Mr. Murray that he claimed M1irza ifashim asa, Persian employg, and that if he attempted to leave the Mission he would be seized and detained. As the British Minister was aware of the falseness of the claim made by the Sadr, and of the malicious feelings wvhich prompted it, he insisted upon making the appointment. The Sadr then seized MirzA's wife, and endeavoured by threats to indluce her to -divorce her husband; the Latter, having, according to Mloslem law, absolute control over his wife, claimed her restoration, which was refused.- As the sanctity of British protection was violated by the seizure of Mira's wife, Mlr. Murray demanded her liberation and was equally refused. The Sadr, not content with this gratuitous insult, went still firther, and spread reports of lr. Murray's having a very close and personal interest in the liberation -of Mirza's wife, and had the audacity to allude to the reports publicly. If any confutation of the -calumny were needed, it might be foumd in its <abs.rrdit3; inasmuch as the lady in question is the wife of a third hutsband, by wvhose appointmxent to Shirax she would be removed nearlyl1,O000 miles from the British Mission. Thus publicly insulted, and the protection of the 2Iission flagrantly violated, MEr. Murray had no -alternative left but to insist upon the liberation of Elirza's wife, and an immediate retractation of the -ile calumny whichthe Sadr had spread, or to strike his flag. As Persia refused the former, British linom- compelled hnim to adopt the latter. Such, Sir, are the plain circumstances of the -ease; what influences were brought to bear upon aPersi.n thisnnfortunate rulpture -coefidezue prevents -my-entering upon at present, but time may hereafter show that if the two parties had been left to themselves Persia would ha-ve made the am-ende tho-,Ivoabe. Your correspondent thinks lMr. N:urray's retreat " precipitate-on that point I ,offer-no opinion; the reader can judge from the :foregoing statement. He also kindcly offers to excuse that wissch lie condemns, on the gpmod of the Mlinister's ignorance of Persian character, and of his -being-dependentupon interpreters forunderstand- ing theirdlanguage. The intention is, no donbt, a good one,;but Mr. Murray cannot (and I feel sure would not wish to) shelter himself u-der so flimsy ;a veil. .During the eight years he was in *Egypt, I know, from many who were inti-mate with kIiim, that he devoted all the spare -time left from. his arduous dutiesto the study of Oriental chara-ter and the Arabic, Turkish, and itersianlanrguzges, and that instructors in -one or -otheror these lznguages were his Donstant companions in leisurw hours; andI I also know from the arme souirce thab t(e paramount influence he eventully obained in t:.at country was attributed to his :knowledtge of Eztern charateer and language. FtaTn his appointment to Persia at a very critieal ncture likewise-infer that the Foreign Minister *tertined simziLar sentiments of his qualificatons. i 'r. 2 ay can .therefore plead no such exeuses, }us conduct must .stand entirely on its merits; wh; ether -they will -affed him justification or not tim@ may ~some day shosi. TLan. Sir. wuaur obedient s.rvan* vERax. - = . - -
I N,A VAL AND MILIwARY INTELLIGENCE. At Portsmouth yestrday Hler Maesty's. ship Rtodnly, g,o, ptainl Xoorsom, C.B., was unmasted, preparatory to being paid off this day, and converted into a deptl ship for the Baltic ganboat flotilla, ; Hr Maiesty's steam-sloop Rosamond, 6, Commander Crofton, went into harbonr to havo her defects repaired after her trip to the West Indies. The steam transport Dee, MasterCommander Pollen, arrived at Spithead yesterday from tho Ieastward, with supernumeraries for the fleet; she left in .I ie vih'ohs,itl others, forthe eastward. The new steamsloop Flying Fisli, d, was undocked yest:raw., ana mastxd in progress towards readiness for the pondknt; the st-o m: sloop Bsilik' or )N-a3 docked yestolty for Hepir, 1er miiesty's state yacht VIctoria and Albert, Capt:.n the Hon. Joseph Demnan, will take a cruise for . -eaw days, to test 5so,1e experiments with coals. ,The steam transport Peninsula, No. 172, left Portstrouth yeterday evening for the A court-niartiai,'- comprising Captaius Codrington, C.B. (president); Sir T. Maitland, C.B.; ERon. H. Keppel, G. Elaiott, C.PB. J. Robb, J. &. Stopford, IL B. Watson, C.B.; H. Lyster, G. T. Cordon, W%N. Clifford, C.B.; R. Harris, C. T. DYEyncourt, oorsomni, CB.; .Ind Mr. W. *J. Hellyer, Deputy-Jndge-Advocate of tho Fleet, assembled on board the flagship Victory, in Portsmonth harbour, on Monday morning, to try Mr. R3obert Trotter, assistant-engineer of tfle fleeS, of the third-class, serv-ing in Her Majesty's sloop Falcon, on the following charges:- "1. Neglect of dutty when in actual charge of the machincry of the sa4 ship, in allowing the water to get ton low inthc boilers, wlereby the crow-ns of the furnaces and the Decomber, 1l)5, the said sloop Falcon being then at sea. " 2. Nzglect of duty in being absent from his post when in char"e ot the machinery of tho said vessel on the niglht of tle E2d of December. "i 3. Neglect of duty in not using the necessary precaution when in actual charge of the machinery on board the saia vessel, vhereby the port piston-rod of the after-engine becamLle red-hot, on the tfcrnoon of the 26th of Deceimber. is 4. For being in a state of dnmkeuness, and conducting himself in an inisubordinate manner towrarIs Lieutenant Robinson, the Seniior Lieutennut of the Falcon, -on the aluarter-deck of the said vessel, on the evening of the 17th of January inst. "5>. F or being in such a state of into.xication as to necessitate his removal from theengineers' mess-place on board the said vesel and hris being ?laced under arrest on the evening of the 20thl of J.anuary mUbt." The prisoner pleaded "Guilty" to the clharges, and the Court also pronounced them fully proved, and adjudged him to be imprisoned for the term of six months in Winchester Gaol, and at thc expiration of that punishment to be dismissed from Her Majesty's service. The same Court then proceeded to try Mr. James A. W. Nichollss assistant p.aymaster, serving on board Her Majesty's ship Dtuke of Wellington, on the following charges:- " 1. For being dnrnk on board the said slhip on the evening of the 4tlh of January inst. "2. For behaving in a manmer unbecoming the character of an officer and a gentleman in intruding himself into the engineers' mess-place on board the said ship with his trousers unbuttoned and his dress othern-ise in a disordered state, and demanding soeie ale of Edcward Norton, a stoker, and the stew%ard of the mess, and making use of abusive language to the said Edward Norton when he refused com- li.ance with the demand, on the evening of the 4th of The prisoner admitted the wlhole of the first charge, and the second, with the exception of that part which alleged that lie made trse of abusive language to Edward Norton. The Court found the charges fully and wholly proved, and adjudged the prisoner to be dismissed frot lHer Majesty's service. The screw steauii corvette Cossacl, 20, Captain James H. Cock-burn, vent from Hamoaze into Plymouth Sound on Monday. The London, 90, Captain Augustus L. Super, was warped tothe jetty at Devonport on Monday, to be repaired, and she was commnissioned the same day by Captain Jervis. The sloop Ferret, S, Commander Charles T. Leckie, from the West Coast of Africa, which arrived at Plymouth on Saturday, sailed on Mfonday for Portsmouth. The screw steam gunboat Sheidrake, 2, Lientenant-Commander C. H. Simpson, went into Barnpool, Plymouth, on Mlonday. The scretv steamship Hogue, 60, Captain William R1amsay, is appointed to leave Plymouth for Falraouth to-day. The screw steam, storeship Resolute, from the Mediterranean, arrived in Plymouth Sound yesterday. The steam-sloop MLalacca, 17, Captain A. Farquhar, and the Buz7ard, 6, Commander W. H. Dobbie, sailed front Bernuda on the 27th of December for the West India station. The Boscawen, 70, Captain W. F. GlanviUe, flag of Rear-Admniral Fanshawe, and the paddlewheel steamsloop Mledea, 6, Comnmander E. Peirse, were appointed to leave the island on the 18th for the same station. The Bucephalus transport has left Woolwich for Blackwall to have her transport fittings removed. Her Majesty's screw sloop Niger, Commander Hire, has entered the outer basin at Woolwich, and is placed under the shears to be dismantled, preparatory to the remov-al of her machinery. The paddleichecl steamer Vixen, for son;e time employed in the dock-yard sernices, for the conveyance of machinery, k-c., is likewise in the outer basin, and has been dismnasted. She is to go through a complete overhaul, and will be brought forwvard in the forthcomning spring for foreign service. The Vesnvius, Cornuander Hoare, was yesterday docked, to undergo an examination of her copper and lower hulL The screw transport Northumnberland, No. 52, has completed her shipment of stores, Sc., from Woolwich, and has embarked, in addition, several bales and boxes of cavalry equipments. The gunboat For-ard, fitting out at Deptford, is nearly ready for service. She has been commissioned by Lieutenant-Commander Nelson, and will go down to Woolwich Arsenal in a few days, to be victualled, and to receive her sea stock and aminmunitiom,. Lieutenant Cochrane is appointed to the conunand of the gunboat Chub, which is likewise fitting out at Deptford, and wil be ready to join the squadron in a day or two. The visit of Her Majesty to Woolwich, which it was intended should take place to-day, has been postponed for a few days. Immediately after the inspection and examination of the trophies by the Queen Major Lukin and his detachment of Artillerymen from Sebastopol will be granted leave and furlough. In consequence of the removal of the military guards and sentries from time Arsenal departments at Woolvich, and the substitution of the police body in their stead, it has been considered necessary, in addition to the side-arms worn by the men, to provide the constables with Colt's revolvers. A nmunber of these were distributed yesterday. The inspectors have been eqtuipped with a new regulation sword, suspended to a swing belt, similar to that worn by the miEtary staff-sergeants. The stringency of the regulations for the admission of visitors to the Arsenal continues unabated. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-Comnmander W. A. IL Pearse, to the London; ieutenants F 0. Handfieid and W. G. Silverlock, to the London; George D. Perry, master, to the Medusa; Abel Brown, master, to the Vesavius; John R. Allen, second master, to the Royal Albert; W. N. Tufnell, midshipmnan, to the Geyser; R. B. Creagh, midshipman, to the Cruiser; Edward Pearce, promoted to surgeon. The following order has been addressed to officers commanding regiments and dep6ts from the War Department i ir1t " Army Clothing Department, Pall-mal. "Sr,-It having b)een determined to provide the recruit wvith necessaries from-the 31st of January, 1856, 1 am di-; rected by the Secretary of State for lVar to request you will forward to this office requisitions for such necessaries as may teivanted for recr-uits joining the regiment or dep&t under your command on or after the above date, and for sutch supplyas you may-think it requisite to keep in- the regimenta stomefor recruits expected to join shortly- "loIna, Sir, your most obedient servant, "0G. D. RAMrSAY." A party of the Earine Arilery have arrived at the Chatham Division.of lEoyal Marnems from Portsmouth, in commnand of Lieutenant George Henry Wryford, on the wfay to Sheerness, foz-dutyow beard the floating battery Eurohas. Some Crimleanla nslids arrived at the Strood station yesterday after noon, in medical charge of Acting AssistantSurgeon Benbewv. The ambulance.carriage from Fort Pitt conveyed the men to thle supplemntfal hospital, Broinpton, wshere First Class Surgeon Henry C. IVeade, after inspecting them, ordered 18 into hospital and Sie remainder to St. Mazy's Barrack-s. The Medical Staff Corps is to be increased to 1,500, being 300 in addition to its original strength.D _ _~~~~~~~~~o
THE LATE Poxsonso CAsE.-At ihe close of a lecture delivered on Monday evening a' the Bristol Philosophical Institution, Mlr. Willia }3enpath, the eminent analytical chvmist and professor of toxicology, tooek the opportunity of adverting to theatat&of alarm 'which had been produced in the public mind by the recent alleged secret poisonings at Rugeley, Manchester, and elsewhere. The apprehensions which the cases to which he-.bad referred had given rise had, he said, beera much increased by certain statements which had been put forth, and which, as he understood them, wFere these-that prassic acid could not be discovered 3u the system at more than 14 days, that strychnia could only '*. -detected a few hours after death, and that cocculus Indmi ,s'nnuld not be detected at all. Now, lie had himself detected jg-3pfresence of prussic acid in a iunman body after an inte&2m,C4t of two-nonths; he had s~io4 cocculus Indicus in desd fL'eaand in a human body ?a~er 4 kad been buried for 10 nion.5 The difficulties in ffnep.yijpgewcting poia9nAof this ZcirS4 were not, there- fore, so inzpngl;tabl6 as some supposed, mae he hoped that'l tbs knowvledge of thM fact wo0uld have the effCCt of renasrinugl the piubllg mi4od
A.vATEUg MUSICAL SOCIETY. A concert was given last night in the ftanover-squarerooms, by tho above society, in aid of the Cambridge Asylum, Kingston-upon-Thames, for widows of non-commissioned officers and soldiers in the British army. The bi Asylum, which was founded in 1851 - toambridge of the Queen and tlio Rgo; under the i atron'b voluntary contributions, 1a - '"I ' t most useful of tho$W- -.s fair to lIeeulhe one of tho is so honouvai . ,nany charities the existence of which dgwed ' .eo to this country. Recent events have en- with additionalinterest, and we are glad to find, from the last report of the honorary secrctary, dated May, 185S, that the funds were in a promising condition. An asylum which offerstothe poor soldier's widow "not merely temporary relief, but a permanent home and support," is richly deserving of public encouragement, and has an irresistible claim upon the sympathies of the benevok,nt. It is therefore satisfactory to find that the eloquence of the pulpit and the influence of the aristocracy have 'been stron-lv enlisted in its behalf. The concert provided by the meilzbers of tle Am-nteur tiusical Society will, in aU likelihood, realize a co-,asiderable sum for the Cambridge Asylum, for, although t'ne room Wus not crowv.ded, it was attended by a brilliant at'.d fashionable audience, and tho pricc of tickets was lOs. C4x Aiuonig the company (in the gallery) were obscrveo their Royal Iliglimesses thio Duke ona Dachess of Cauib]idgc, who rank among the warmest patrons of the institution. The progranime wos a goo& one, and the performance, on the whole, ollo of the most effectivo we have heard from the " iX.ateurs." The concert began with Mr. Henry Leslie's clever swphonv in F (orieinallv xv,tft-n f-, +.A society), which has been pcrformed more than once, but 12eVer wvith greater spirit than on the present occasltn. It was ably conducted by the composer, and much -iprlauded. The other orchestral pieces wvere tle Coronat=on March, from Meyerbeer's Propldec (played witlh an entrain which suggested that the executants were aware of its being one of their "c rack" pieces), and tho overture to Auber's Diamna7s de la Couronne, witlh which the concert terminated. Two part-songs (Pearsall's " Oh who -will o'er the Downs so freel'and Mr. Benedict's exquisitely melodious " Wreath"), and twvo madrigals (Feats's "Dovwn in a Flowery Vale," and Uorley's " Now is the 3fonth of 3Maying," were SUnlg by Mr. Henry Leslie's newvly instituted choir of male and femiale voices in a manner that justified all the praiso bestowed upon them on a former occasion. Nothing could be more pointed, delicate, or better in tune. It is hardly literal, however, to call this an "amateur" choir, if, as wo have heard, some of the members are from the Royal Academy of Music. Two of the pieces were encored, viz.,-Pearsall's part-song, and Morley's madrigal (just the reverse, by the way, of the two best); and all four were mightily enjoyed by the audience. Miss Dolby gave a very clegant song, by Mr. Simon Walcy, (accompanied by the author on the pianoforte) in her most charming style; besides a caratie- a of Donizetti, which a.LS scarcely worthy of her attention--a most trivial and-meaningless affair indeed. 31r. YWeiss intromluced a ballad iu three verses (words and music by Major R'eed, 31.P.), called " Rule Victoria"-the burden of which was complimentary to Her Mlajesty Queen Victoria as a ruler, as a consoler of the widow, and as a protector of the orphan. Nothiincould be more loyal and genuine than the sentiments evoked by this ballad. There were also two instrumental performances, both highly successful. The first-Rossini's " Cujus animanf' (from the Stabat AMatcr), arranged for the cornct-a-pistons, gave Mir. Tatham, not for the first time, an opportunity of declaring liiamself the worthy champion of that instrument, so popular iamong ourr amateurs. The second wvas Mfr. G. Osborne's showvy ,7ot-,poutmri, for two pianofortes, constructed hpn themes from MTeyerbecr's opera of the Han.qmmenots. This was executed in a brilliant anid masterly snaminer by 3Mr. S. Walcy and the extremely talented young lady whose 20ns (lc ouermre is "iAnpelina"-to call wilom an "amateur," by the way, seeing t%at her acquirements might be justly envied by many who are eminent as " professors," would simply be preposterous. The duet was followed by the most enthusiastic plaudits. Previous to the symphony the band played the national anthem, and at the end of the first part the French " Partant pour la Syrie." The " Sardinian Hymn" was also announced. Mr. Henry Leslie directed the wvhole concert with his accustomed talent.
SEWITAG COTTON. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-We have for many years been both makers and winders of sewAing cotton, and can fully testify to t.he truth of the obserwations made by your able corresponident " Amicus" with reference to the short lengths often given upon bobbins of sewing cotton. It is true that thesedeceptie reels, which are often " warranted full length," -are not generally of the best quality of thread, but wve are informed that the trade in these short wound goods is immense, not only for export, but also for home consumption. The evil is of much importance, anid we are truly glad to see the attention of the public turned to the subject, since, as Messrs. Brook observe, the remedy is in their own hands-viz., selecting such cotton as bears the name of respeciable makers. lVe are. Wror nrhA;ne 1WALITER EVAKS WAND Co. Derby, Jam. 2s.
THE STEAMrSHIP BELGIOUE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-.My attention having been directed to ani article in Vi~e Tinzes of this day, in reference to the above-namned vessel in whlich the following observation occurs-vriz., "Soe inquniry oughit to be instituted into the circumnstance unider which the Blelgique was classed AlI at Lloyd's "-I think. it righit to acquaint yon that the Bielgique has not ever beeni classed in Lloyd's 1?egister. of Brifish awl Foreign Shipping, nor has she, to sny knowledge, been even seen by any of the surveyors atteichedl to this society. I shall feel obliged by your snaking this known in yowr next putblication. I am. Snr- vnrni e,l-Ai-f -- GtO. B. SEYFANG. Serertni-rr Ioyf s I1sttr 2o Iritish and Foreign Shipping, 2, White Lion-conrt, Cornhill, Jan. 2V.
THE STE.AwmR BFGIQUE.-SouTnAIMPTox, Jan. 29.-To-day Mfr. E. A. Smith, Government Emiiigration officer at this port, accompanied by Mr. G. Pocock, solicitor, and severalof thepassengers of the Belgique, attended before the magistrates to request their interference in reference to the detention which has been caused to the passengers in consequence of the misfortunes which have befallen the vessel, andalso to claim the return of the passage-money, together with such an amount as might De deemed by the magistrates an equivalent compensation for the breach of contract, and also for the hardships and privations which they have undergone since the vessel first sailed. Mr. Pocock, after alluding to the many applications which have been made by the passengers to the owvners and agents for assistance, and also stating it as an impossibility that the Belgique, if again got ready for sea, could be placed in a proper condition under three months, drew tho magistrates' attention to the 51st clause of the Passengers' Act, 18th and 19th Victoria, chap. 119, in which it is stated that iany ptssenited ship shail put into any port or place in the uluted scingdom in a damaged state, and that if the aip cannot be made seaworthyso .asto be despatehed to her place of destination within six days of her putting into port, the owner, charterer, or master shall provide the passengers with a passage in some other eligible ship, to sail within six weeks to.the port or place at which they respectively may have onrinal1y contracted to land, and shall, in the meantime, if the passengers be not lodged and maintained on oard in the sane manner as if the ship were at sea, pay to such passengers subsistence money after the rates stated. Tho clause further provided that in the default of the requirements of the act being properly obeyed the ssengers respectively, or any emigration oflicer on their b , shall be entitled to recover the same by sanmary process, which, by clause 63, can be deternuined by the justices of the peace, who can awvard, in case of a breach of contract, such damages as they think fit to the am ount of the passage-money and 201., which amount must immediately be paid. MAr. Smith said that he had taken considerable interest in the matter, and after great trouble he had induced the agents to offer to return the bare amount of the passage-money paid, but they refused to give any compensation. Neither -would the agents engage a passage for them in any other ship. The contract ticket spec ed that they were to be conveyed by a steamship, and the amount charged for such accommodation on board the Begique would not provide it on board any other steamnvessel After some conversation, at the suggestion of Mrl. Pocock it was decided that in lieu of procurmg a summons the captain should be requested by the mayor to attend before the bench, so as, if possible, to elicit the real intentions of the owners or agents of the ship towards the passengers. During the afternoon the eommander of the ship, Captain Tack, inforzmed the passengers that they could receive each their passage-money, whh an addition of SI.-viz., to the second class, 171.; and to the third class, 131. ; but the offer was immediately decl-ined. The steward has also received orders to continue to supply the passengers with food: MATERlALS FOn ALaNDRrE DusrAs.-Tlie following story appears in the Constitutio2vi,el:-" The Be du Roi, a part of the domain of Neuilly, was yesterday the theatre of a mysterious event. At about 10 o'clock in the morminga boatman, in a state of great excitement, presented himself to the Commissary of Police of the quarter, andmade thefollowng deposition :-'Aboutan hour ago,as I was standing or. the bank of the river near my 2oat, a carriaCe drove up, from which there alighted six gentlemen, rekably well dressed, of whom three wore the decoration of the Legion of Honour. They appeared very gay. 'My friend,' said one of them to m, ' will you row us over to the island?' 'Certainly,' said L and ten minutes afterwards they all landed there. They then began to look more serious. I wanted to retire, but they desired sue to stay, and, while two of them remained behind to watch me, the others walked on to a group of trees, on the other sideof which they stopprr. I then found that thieY had come to f,ght a dueL . I Saw the swords, and heard the clink of them *one against thmfther while the fight lastedwhich w-as but for a very shorttisne. rresently the dead bedy of one of time pergons -was brought dlown to my beat, He had received a swordl thrust right throulgh his breast, and was covered with blood. According to the little I could gather from the conversation I hmeard,'time duel arose out of a quarrel which occuLrred at the lastmasqsrad bal at he Oera. Theseconds had time am` pearance of nilitary menexecuting their orders. Itoo
THE PUBLIC HE, ALTH. (From the Registraxct-.o ' ' i* The health Qf T -cral's Weekly lleitn.) than it l - _ondon is now in a moro satisfactory stato -. s been usually at this period af the year. In the week that ended on Satturday 1,029 deatlhs, of which 500 were thosc of males, and 529 those of females, were registered. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 1846-e5 the avcrage number was 1,165, which, if raised in proportion to increase of population, becomes 1,282. Tbo deaths in the present return are less than the correqte& average by 253. Scarlatina has becomie les fatal than it; wag two months ago. In NOvendiler the deaths from It were about 70 in a week; last week they were 43. toopingcough, which has rther increased Iately, carris,3. off 56 children; and typhlus (which apperar to prevait to some extent in the east districts) was fatal in 44 cases. Four of these occurred in %Vhitechapd North; 3 of them in the workhouise. Three persons died of hifluenza, 10 of erysipelas, S of sypilhi 17 of cancer, 1 of carbunlel, I of intemperance, 2 of deliricm treuenss, I fom want, 7 infants from want of breastmilk. It was stated in the last report that 10 deaths from typhus hadocctrred in tlo London Fevcr Hospital between the. 1lit and 19th of January. Thc retunt for last week contains U1 deaths that have occurred there since the 19th, all ccaused by the same disease. 3Mr. Watts, the registrar, adds *that the adhmissions are numerons and in many cases free, that the hospital is unendowed, and makes an appeal to the public for support. MIr. Faulkner, the registrar of thc souti sub-district of St. Giles, Tecords tvo deaths inWild-court, which ho c.alls "an unusual occurrence" now in that locality. Hle attributes the rzenarkablo dimiintion of mortality to sanitary improvements effected in the court. Wild-court (the registrar adds), "from being the worst, is now the best court in my district, and is a striking proof how much the hcalth of a neighbourhood maybe improved byattention to cleanliness and comfort." At 19, Chapel-place, Blooiasbury, a crossing-sweeper, aged 70 years, died on the 22d of January of ' diseased lungs and exhaustion from destitution," as returned by a coroner's jury. It may be noticed that in the last tvwo vweeks the deaths of 28 shoemakers and only 3 tailors were registered. The cause of so great a difference is not obvioan, Tor the numbers who -were livinig in the two trades in 1851 were iot very unequaL The shoemakers were 20,039 ; the tailors, 20,257. LIast week the births of 897 boys anld 866 girls, in all 1,703 children, were registered in London. In the 10 correspondinig wecks of the years 184(;55 the average number v.as 1,497. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mcan height of tlhe barometer in the week was 29-100 inches. The readings -were low. On three days the mean reading was less than 29'. The lowvest reading w.as 28-83 inches on Thursday. The highest was 29 -40 inclies on Saturday. The mcan temiiperature of the week was 44-5°, six degrees higher than that of the previous w eek, and 7-7' higher than the average of the same week in 38 years (.as determined by Alr. Glaisher). The mean was high almost the whole week, and on folur days was 9' and 10' above the average. The higliest in tle week was 540 on Thursday; the lowest was 365', and ocecurred on the preceding day. The mesan dewpoint temperature was 40-8', and the difference betw-een this and the mean air temperature was 31'. The mean tensperature of the water of the Thames was 43-3'. The river's temperature rose to 45-5° on Fridaiv. The wind was for the most part in the southwest, iun which direction it blewregularly on the last three days. On Tuesday, the coldest day, it blew from the north-cast. There were heavy squalls of wind and rain during Thursday; frequent ashes of lightninlg, accompanied with thunder, were seen in the evening, and it blew a gale.
THE COLLEGE OF SURGEONS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-AlsPresident of theRoyalColegeof Surgeons of Englandlhavefelt,in commonnwithmycolleagues,Mehssrs. Tfavors and Stanley, the two Vice-Presidents, great surprise at a leading article on the College in The Timnes of the 25th inst., of which thc principal statements are either false or grossly misrepresented, and I wvish to explain the circunmstances of the case on which the article seems to have been founded, and give suchl information on th: other points of College management wvhich are subsequently introduced as to enable you to appreciate the motives which have probably led to its appearance. As soon as the report of the deputation to Sir George Grey appeared in the papers, stating that "a motion had been placed on the Council-book of the College of Surgeons to reduce the salary of Professor Owen, which motion was only wivthdrawn upon notice of another msotion to dispense with the Council dinners rather tian reduce the salaries of meritorious officers," I wrote to him officially:-" That no such notice of motion had ever been placed on the Council-book of the institution, and consequently that it could not have been withidrawn either for the alleged or any other reason." The statement made to Sir George Grey was probably suggested by an imperfect understandinlg of arrangements made by the Council respecting the residence, duties, and salary of Mr. Owen. In June, 1842, Mlr. Owen, who was then living out of the College, undertook to reside in the building, and to perform certain conditions, in consideration of which residence and conditions his salary was raised from 4001. to 5001. per annum. In 1852 Mr. Owen wished to leave the College and reside at Kew, under some alterations of the previous conditions. A committee of the Council, to whom the matter was referred for consideration, recommended that the request should be complied with, if the salary, which had been raised on the ground of residence, should be restored to its former amount. The Council, however, allowed Mr. Owen to give up the residence, retaining the full salary, which he has continued to receive. The further observations in the article merely show a disposition to injure the College and ignorance of the mode in which its affairs are conducted. It is said "that the Court of Examiners, as the most influential portion of the CoDege Council, have it all their own way, elect themselves as examiners, determine their own gain, invite tlemselves every six weeks to dinner, and, when the funds run short, propose to fine everybody but themselves." The Court of E1xaminers is elected by the Council, while the Council is elected by the general body of Fellows, amounting to some hundreds. The examiners are chosen for five years, and a certain portion of the Council go out of office annualy. The rate of remuneration to the examiners remains the same as it has been for a long course of years, although the work performed has regularly increased from successive improvements in the curriculum of education, and more strict inquiry into the details of study and into the qualifications of candidates, the latter point being clearly shown by the proportionate numbers of them rejected. The payment of the examiners and all other details of College mianagement are conducted, not by the Court of Examiners, but by the Council, in strict conformity with the charters and bylaws, the latter not being valid until they have been sanctioned by the Queen at the reconumendation of one of the principal Secretaries of State. On occasion of the last tw-o charters, granted respectively in 1843 and 1852, the affairs of the institution were inquired into by the Secretaries of State, and the bylaws were sanctionedsuccessively, not onlyby SirJames Graham, Sir George Grey, and Mr. Walpole, but in addition by the Lord Chancellor and the two Chief Justices. That the management of the Colege has been rightly appreciated by the profession and the public is shown by the high-estimation in.which the diploma is held. Although not necessary by law as a qualification for practice, publio opinion requires it should be possessed by all candidates for surgical appointments, and by all who wish to be regarded as respectable practitioners. Instead of the unworthy conduct ascribed to tlem in this article, the authorities of the College have shown a proper sense of their public duties in managing the finances of the institution. At a great annual expense, continued for many years, they have more than doubled in value and extent the collection originally intrusted to them by the Legislature; they have employed the most competent scientific authorities to make elaborate and complete explanatory catalogues of all parts of the collection, and have had them printed in more than 20 quarto volumes. The College Musemum and these catalogues form a scienitific treasure completely unrivaUed; nothing even approaching to it exists in any other country These invaluablestores of l;nowledge are accessible to all members of the medical profession, and to the men of science of all countries, under facilities and vith advantages rarely met with cnd certainly not surpassed in any public institution, English orforeign. To preserve and keep in order the Museum, and to exhibit it to the numerous visitors, requires a considerable and expensive staff of attendants, and entails on the College a great annualoutlay. I The' means of performin" these important public services, which are not requirea by the charters, have been and are derived entirely from the College funds. The College have also formed at their own expense a library of about 30,000 volumes, embracing not only works in all departments of medlical science, but those on the collateal brauches of knowledge, such a natural philosophy, Fliuistry, and natural hi;story. This collection, which is kept Sry Aewt Fnrchases onsa levelaith advancinglknowledre is opened dal sy to members of the College, anc otherswho may wit to co.nsult it, with the asistant attendance of a weli-iElosed libr-arian.-- Yowll collect ietom the preceding- satements that the managementof the CollUege irs will bear the closest investigation. It not only renders fnuuits own means most impcortant services to sc.ence, hirt nphcsthe scientific chiaracterof EngLand all over the wrld, an it is, r believe, conducted as effectively, conscie?tioulsiy.tndknestly as any inst;itution in Thse country. I remain. sir in',, rr vreA ;n ¢ IVIELLM ITW-SO. Zsvdent. iVJllttbll-p]J" Jan, 29.
2 H1. BNGINEERSHIP OF THE METBOPOLI2A BOARD OF WORKS. iAdveitisement.l TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Your report of tho last meeting of the Metroolitan Board of Works, wbL, reflecting with great fidelity the general course ar tlle proceedings, omits all reference to the " Yueao1n and docrmente" which accompanied my letter to, Mr. Nicholay on Mr. Bazalgette's circular. Those " vouchers and docuinents," though ncntoifl and produced by IlI. Nicholay, rer-aincd. 'ay as tlot6g, oversight, unread; so that the statements cOtained in my letter wore the aspeet of unsupported ass,rtions, and were considered by the board to be dispose( of by an equall unsupported deniaL Under such -' m tanees, 3Ir. "azalgette's friends nasturfy ra against me a shout of disapprobation; and I 5t5uW at present in a false position beoetopulibc. I appeal, Sir,taonr sense of equity for permission to add tflo ozmtto 'proofs to the previously ;^nbUshed fragment of the case; 'r.nd. as theim t^ maA .n,n f rAa oAA asent, Il atwilling, in conformity with jour rulc, to pay fot tleS!reblication as an advertisement. Tlht these proofs may be intelligible I first quote textualiyWom MTr. Bazalgett's circular tho tvwo assertions impsned: *'1. Previonslg to my connexion with the Mectropolotanl Commnission of bewvers I acted as resident engineer on thc Tame Valley Canal, where I constructed a large number of locks, bridges, and heavy earthworl;s. " 2. I was also engaged on extensive works in Portsmouth Dockyard." The three foUowing documents have reference to the first of these assertions Birmningham, Jnn. 2%g 1856. "To Mr. Thomas, Clerk to the Birminglham Can-al Com- pany. "Sir,-May I request you to inform me whether Mr. J. W. Bazalgette wras resident engineer on the Ta-me Valle Canal, belonging to your company ? If nlot, will you kindly acquaint me wthl the name Of theC gentleman who was rcside.nt enm!neer on that e.mnal. Yo7 t.n " F. 0. WVARD." (.Signed) "Navigation-office, PaTadise-strect, "Birmingham, Jan. 24, 1856. " Sir,-In reply to yonrinquir yespecthgMr. Bazalgette, 1 beg to say a at h'was not the resident engineer on the Tame Valley CanaL. The first gentleman appointed was 1r. HIolland, and be was succeeded by r. Home. I have no recollection of Mr. Bam31gette being employed .at all on | these works. M1essrs. Walker and Bnugess, 23, Grnat George-street, were the consulting engineers. "Yours respectfuJly, "ROBERT THOAS." "Note.-Lendon, Jan. 24,185G.-Cahledat3essrs.Walk-er and Burgess's office. Saw Mr. Burgess and his assistant, Mr. M'Innes. 3Mentioned MNr. Bazalgette's statemenit and 3r. Thomas's note. Mr. iWlInnes said that 3Mr. Thomasis statement was correct; Mlr. Bazalgette was not resident engineer on the Tame Valley Canal, but fist Mr. Holland, and after him Mr. Homie. There were five subordinates under the residentengineer,and Mr.Bazalgettowasone oftthose. Theirnamnes Avere Drane, Drysdale, M'Lean, Tempelay, Ban-ilgette. Mr. Burgess asked to see the circular, observing that I mnust be in error in thinLing that Mr. Bazalgetto had stated that he ' construeted' the locks, bridges, and earthworks on that canal. He .aid he thought I should find, on reference to the circular, that Mr. Dazalgette had not represented the matter in that light, which would be quite incorrect. Mr. Burgess praised M1r. Bazalgette as a 'very gentlemanly man,' saying that he wished hbin every success, and that lie and MUr. Walkerhad supported mhi in lispresent contest. Ireplied that I was a sulpporter of Mr. Rawlinson; that I wished fair play to all parties; and that my inquiries were made with that view, on public grounds. Postscript. Januazy 25, wrote to MIr. Burgess as follows-' Dear Sir,I have felt it my duty, on pulic grounds, to conununicate to a member of the Mectropolitan Board of Works the information affordedbyyourself and your assistant, confirming Mlr. Thomas's statem1ent that Mr. Bazalgette was not resident engineer on the Tame VlaUey Canal, but held a subordinate position under the resident engineer' Jau. 25, 1856.' "' 0 WARD. The four foUowing documents have reference to Mr. Bazalgette's second assertion-viz., that lie was " engaged on extensive works in Portsmouth Dockyard." "Questions addressed to H. lWood, Esq., Director of the Works, Portsmouth Dockyard, January 21, 1856. "1L Was Mr. Bazal otto ever enged as rincipal in carrying out works in Portsmouth )gckyard? 2. Tf not, was he engaged in a subordinate capacity; and if so, in what capacity, on worksin PortsmouthDoeLyard? 3. Date amid terms of engagement. 4. Nature of work-s-their extent and cost. 5. Any particulars that may occur to throw light upon 3Jr. Bazalgette's alleged connexion with Portsmouth Dockyard." "V "Telegraphic reply to the above from 3Mr. Wood, January 22, 1856. "1L No. 2. Yes, as draughtsman. 3. Appointed the 31st of May, 1842; pay, 5s. per day -resigned October, 1842. 4. General engineering woris-abo 1t GO oooi. 5. Colonel Beatson, R.E.. now at Woolwich Arsenal was then oficer in charge of works Any further required, say yes or no, and shaU be sent by this mght's post." "1 VI. (Further reply by post frorm r. Wood.) " Director of Works Deparhtent, "Her Majestys Dockyard, Portsmouth, Jan. 23, 1856. "Dear Sir,-ln reply to your note of yesterday, relative to Mr. Bazalgette, I beg to state, that I am not aware of anj,-thing further that I can state in referenre to him, as I believe that all the answers sent by me to your queries were quite clear on the various points. "I must, however state, in coimmon justice to him, that he was a pupil of Sir J. IrNeil's, and previous to his joining this department lie had been engaged in superiatending engineeril.g works in Ireland. "He joined this departmlent on probation for six months, and before the expiration of that term he resigned, (a copy of which letter 1 enclose); therefore his pay must not be taken as a criterion of the real value of his services during his probationary term. '"The duty on which Mr. Bazalgette was engaged while here was the usual office duty of a draughtsman, and, of course, any and all responsibility fell to the share of the principal of the local department. "F rom the formaation of the department up to the present timethe followingsgentlemen were theprincipals:-laeutouant-Colonel Beatson, Colonel Sir W. Dennison, Colonel H. James, T. 3Mould, and the latter gentleman I succeeded. " I feel it an act of justice to Mr. Bazalgette to state that I have always entertained for hint the greatest respect for his uniform, correct, and gentlemanly conduct while employed at this office, and he alw-ays carried out the duties intruasted to him with promptitude and despatch. "I am, dear Sir, yours faithfully, (Signed) "HENT. 'WOOD." VIL "3n. BA.xAuLorrx's REnCIGNikTio:. "Royal Dockyard, Portsmouth, Oct. 6,1842 " Sir,-I beg leave to state that, as my present pOsition as draughtaman in the civil architects' departmnentis altogether uncongenial to my expectations and habits of life, I am desirous of resigning it as soon as it may be convenient to allowv me to do so. (Signed) "J. W. BAZALGETTE." Such, Siwere the documents which I pIaced in Mr. Nicholay's hands in supprt of the letter subjoined:- " 12, Cork-street, Burlington-gardens, Jan. 24, 1856. "Sir,-I conceive it to be ny duty, on public grounds, to place in your hands the following facts, with liberty, should yoe think fit, to bring them before my colleagues of the Metropolitan Board of Works. A dr. lazalgette, one of the candidates for the engineership to the board, states, in his printed application for the post, that he 'acted as resident engineer on the Tame Valley Canal,' ae. (See assertion No. 1, quoted above.). " It appears, however, on inquiry at the Canal Company's office in Birmingham, that Mr. Bazalgette was not resident engineer on the T5ame Valley Canal, and did not construct, as he alleges, the locks, bridges, and heavy esrthworks of that canal; but that a Mr. Holland was resident engineer at the commencement of the canal in 1841., and after hion a Mr. HIomne till its completion in 18^43 iMr. zgette being one of five subordinates under the resident engineer. "Mr. Bazalgette further states in his circular that he was 'engaged on extensive works in Portsmouth Dockyard;' but, upon enquiry at theAdmiralty and at Portsmouth Dockyard, it appears that Mr. Bazalgette's only engagement there was as a draughtsnan on probation during four months in 1842, at 5s. per diem pay. "Herewith Iforward seven documnents in support of these allegations, viz. :- (Here follows a list of the documents gives above.) " I have the honour to be, k-c., 3J. A, Niecholay, Esq. " F. 0. WARD." "Mr. Bazalgette's speech, in reply to this letter, is thus reported in 2lic Times " I In reply to the charge of Mr. Ward, Mr. Bazalgette stated that one half of the engineers -work involved in the construction of the Tame Valley Canal was done under his irmmediate superintendence, and the other half under that of Mr. Holland; and that he (Mr. Bazlgette) constructed 13 of the locks on the canal, and many other heavy works. Headmittedhe had some years agoheld acomparatively humble situation in PortsmouthD ockyard, which he had purposely aceepted to gain that experience in his profession whichbhad sineebeen of immense service to him. In that position he was engaged in preparing plans and superintendmug works in the dockyard, but not as a draughtaan, as 3r. Ward had aLleged.' " Comment on these documents is needless. Their simple comparison-vith each other and with Mr. Bazalgette's assertions suffices to prove ny case. If only the last nine words of his speech be compared -with his letter of resignation it will be seen that We. Bazalgette has signed his name to one thing, and said the direct reverse, jin the same breath impugning my veracity. Let the public judge between us. "I have the honour to be, Sir, " F. 0. WARD. " 12, Cork-street, Burlington-gardens, Jan. 28,1856. " P.S. Jan. 29.-Mr. Bazalgatte's note in this mornings V7ina a g tes his postion, and completes the ease against hmnself. i his printed circular loitold the board '1 acted as resident engineer on the Tame Valley Cana, where I constructed a great number of locks, bridges, and heavy earthworks.'. In his letter to-day he admitalia subordinate position 'under Mr. Eloruc, who was the principal resident engineer."' Mr. Bazalgettehuputes inaccuray, Uit, io your reimert of hsis spehmhe e ashthmd t-ed o ,w sbtnnN.1 i nptaina oreotr sihtof my friends, a veAatixh repv by Mesms. Gri of SIr. Bazalgettc'se ech. Your report is given above (sed T« lAt pygaph obt onet of my letter). MIr. Gii'Tey's verhatini report is a54 followvs:- .,I was afteris sent down to take cUTgS uf 6ne.iait o t T a allee CanaL My ouject WAs, Sir, at that; ne? io Iffe, bemg then between 22 and 23, to gain as Jr ipractical information aspossible (that beingthe object Vt all young engineers), so ns to be able to turn it to account afterwards. At the Tame Valley Canal, Sir, I had one-half of the works, as I have stted, under me, and a Mfr. Horne was engineer over the other half. I measured up tha works, I superintended the works, and I construcVed something like 13 locks with a much larger number of bridges and heavy earthworks. I assert, Sir, that my statement is perfectly true. The object of my statement; was to showv the experience I had gainec, and not tho importance of my position." On comparing this t'CJ&oltrl report with your condeinsedl one, the accuracy wvith which the latter gives, in A. third of tecomptass everTy material point, is strikingly apparent.. in clearer contrast than those of MIr. Ba;lgette, in 1iis circular, his speech, and his letter. In his circular of the 15th inst. lLr. Bsaalgette names himself alone as Rtesident Engineer and constrmetor of the Tame Valley Canal-his object bein- 'vidc supra)"to show yon the experience he had gained." ghis speech 10days laterho abandons a moietc of his pretensions, coupling himself on equal terms w.iti MIr. HIomne, as joint engineer and constructor of half tha cans]. Lastly, iai his note of to-day ho confesses the truth (which hadneanhlule been ascertained) that he was but a suboordinate under MUr. Homne. Even now, howeveve, he omits to mention that he was but one subordinate among five; nor does he state that while the canal w,as begun in ]841, and fnisbed in 1843, he left in May, 184, to becomes a draughtsman in rortsmouth Dock-sxr I regret, Sir, to find myself engaged in exposing such sorr shifts as these. But MIr. Bazalgette and bis powerful sapporters have shrunk from the mathematical investigation to which I have repeatedly challenged them; binding myself by a pledge, which I once more publicly renew, to prove their formuL- fallacious and to expose an algebraic juggle, which, if it be suffered to revail, will cost the London ratepagers 874,000i. I conld not, obviously, raisa aestions of this kind amidst the heat of a contestedl election; nor were there any means available, other tharn those I took, to show in his true colours this candidate for a. post of confidence. To keep " such a mau from such v rost"' (I thank 3fr. Lawman Taylor for the phrase), at was myduty to strain every nerve. That duty was discharged when I had collected and placed in MIt. Nicholay'a hands the documents w,hich he, unfortuately, omitted to. read; hubt w.hich are now before the w.orld. WVith these remarks I leave the subject in the hands oet tho Metropolitan Board of Works, which will, doubtless, take such steps as it may deem necessary for the vindicatiOnL., of its own honour and of the public interest. F. 0. WARD.
UNIVERSITYINTELLIGENCE. O(FF(OfRT) T.4 99 In a Congregation, held this day at 2 o'clock, the statunt on the duties anid endowments of certain professorships, orn the mode of election to them, on the Craven Scholarships,. and on other matters, was read and promulgated. Despiteo the coldness of the day there wvas a fair attendance of members, anid an unusually Large number of amendmente4 was proposed and handed in to the Registrar. Mr. Coning - ton, Professor of Latin, objected to the proposed regulations for the Craven Scholarships, which he regarded as but little improved sinc the statute was fi rst brought before Con. - gregation. He suggested that in clause 1, the words "1-'rficssore Lin§gwe1 GrwScw Rey jo" should be substi.. tolted for "Profc:ssori.&u s .Rrgiis, that clause 2 should be - altered so as to allow the scholars on the old foundation to. be elected from undergraduatesof atleast three tenus, standing, wvhile those on the new, foundation should be persons Vho had passed their first final school, and were not yet of standing to take their MLA. degree; aind that one scholar instead of two should be elected annually. These amendments received a considerable number of important signatures. MIr. Neate, of Oriel, then rose, and objected to pro- ceeding with the statute on the ground of great changes.- being pending in legal education in London, of its beiun absurd to maintain a civil law faculty, and of the genertl need of mnore sweeping alterations in the whole charmcter and system of education in Oxford. The Master of University vislhed to make some observa. tions, chiefly on the question of the restrictions under which it was proposed to place the Professorship of Civi Law. He thought that when so small an income was offered, it was undesirable to require either residence or solarge a umuber of lectures. He -would give the Professor a power to appoint a deputy. He likewise opposed tle pro-- position made by Balliol College to assign one of theirfellow. - ships to the Savilian P'rofessor of AKstronomy for thle time being, as he thought such an anrangement might militatet againstthe interests of the Professor. He supported 3'fr. Conington's amendments on the 13th section. The Vice- Principal of Msgdalen-hall (Mr. Michel) followied onthesame ssde, and questioned the legality of the statute as it affected the Civil Law Professor. Se sawn ogooodthatw ould result from his residence. He proposed amendments which wouldexemupt the Professor of Civil Law from the operation of the first section, defining the general duties of Professors Mr. Butler, of'Exeter, desired the removal of th clause erquiringfrom anl Professors a declaration of their being members of the church of England. He thought such z. testshould onlyberequired fronm Professors of Theology, and combatedthearguments which bad beenused against himn on a former occasion. He urged that at any rate thetest should not be required of the Savilian Professors, sincesuch arequirement would insure the rejection of the statute' by the comnissioners. Dr. Daubeny, Professor of Chymistry, proposed the onmission of the words in section 1, clause 10, forbidding Professors to hold the office of PrDelector within a college. lIr. Tweed, of Exeter. moved several amendments in matters of detail. Dr. Jeuue, Master of Pembroke, then rose and repliedE scriatsi to the principal objections urged, with the exception of those made by Mr. Conmgton to the Craven Statute, inmostof whichheconcurred. Hethoughtthellegality o£ the statute did not adnmit the shadow of a doubt. The delay recommended by Mr. Neate would be, he thought, meoet unadvisable. The powers of the University to deal with~ the matters touched in the statute expired next year, and he doubted much whether the sweeping changes contem. plated by Mr. Ieate would come into eff'ect so soon. 'Wben they took pLace the University could make further changes. The present statute did not profess completeness. The Vice-Cvhancellor then inquired whether any otier memberwished to address the Rouse, and, on no nmember risiag, de- - clared the Congregation dissolved.
WRECK OF A NEW YORK PnoT BoA.-The accounts by the Canada describe the weather which Prevailed on the Anerican coast as being of a dreadful character. The New York pilot boats especially have suffered terribly. The crews stated on arriving in port that for years they have not experienced anything like it, most of them beinfrostbitten or otherwise injured from exposure to the fri weather. During a heavy snowstorm on the night of thc9th inst. the pilot-boat E4 KL Collins was wrecked off Fire Island Inlet. Shortly after she struck four of the crew jmn]ped into a boat, and pulled for the shore. On neaunng lamd the surf rolled completely over her, and to save themselves Murphy andi Roach dived under the ice that fringed the coast4 and madetheir way to shore, which they eventually reached, chilled. and frostbitten, but out of danger. Sulivan also reached shore, hut Ellweod, in attempting to dive from the yawl, ca3ght his foot in the lashings and was drowvned. Four persons w ere left on the w reck, and a fearful fate avaitedthem. The coloured cook died of cold soon after the yawl left, and: W. WVilliams, a cabin-boy, soon after perished. Mr. Robert B. M1itchell was the nextvictim, and only one remnained alive-a lad naued James Rush-who, strange to say, lived 32 hours, and was eventually saved, though his companions died within two hours after the yawlboatleft the v,reck, Rushs own account of his painful experience is as follovvs : -" Iwasinthe cabinwvhenlwascalledunpontoentertheboat,butbeforeIhadtime togetto thesideofthe vessel the sea rose so that Mr. Murphy was comnpeUed to cut thelashinge, and the yawl was swept towards the shore, leaving me on board with Mr. Bobeet B. Mitehell, the other - boy, W. Wliams, and the coloured cook, whose namenone of us knew, as he had been but recently shipped. Aebout half an hour after the boat left (this was about 10o'clock, as near as I can remember) the cook died. W0were all in the companion way -which leads to the cabin, at this time, and the cook when he died was seated on the lowest step, and fedl over on the floor. Billy Williams died about half an hour afterwards, and rolled over by the - dead man's side in doing so. Mr. Mitchell, who was a largofat man, w-as seated on the same step with me, and did not die for an hour and a-half after the boat left. During all this time scarcely any of us spoke; indeed, we wre sonumbed with cold that we lost all sensibility, and hardlycared what happened. They all died easily, first falling into a quiet sleep before exp3rin. I had three flannel shrts.- on and asi oilskin overcoat, which kept me dryandtolerably warm. About 11 o'clock thetidehad faUen, so thatthe cabini was fit to enter. I crawled in and found my way to the bed, upon which I lay down. It was wet and encrusted with ice, and the floor was covered with frozen water, in which vereswimming the seats and cabin utensils. The next tide in the afternoon floated the bed, and during the wiole oEf Thursday night andFridaymorningIrznained in the cabin, up to rmy armpits in the freezing water. I did not snffer a- great del, considering, yet it seems to me now like a fearful siream I wvished for the morning to break, and the night seemed as thongh it would never end. But with the morning my position became much more dangerous. The tiderose so high in the cabin that there was not left rooem enough for me tobreathein, and Icame nearsuffocating-to, prerent -which I broke the window of the state-roomn to goet fresh air. I remained in this way until the tide went downm, and about 12 o'clock I forced my way on deck through thea state-room, as the cabin door was so blocked up by timbers and floating wood as to prent its opening. IT was mnuch exhansted on reaching the open air, and the cold wind had the effect of increasing mny sensibility. I looked auxionely on the land and towards the sea, but could sec noeting: stirring. At length, towards 2 o'clock, I saw a schoonier due east bearing down towards mne, and, eager to attract attention, I climbed up the gaff to make signals, and in. doing so burst my fingers, which were frost-bitten, Open. On reaching the gaffl waved my hat, but no one lheeded it; on deck. I then took my coat and shook it violently, but the schooner kept on her way, and not a soul on board saw or knew of my condition. I returned to the deck, terrified at the prospect before me, as night was approaching, aun r couldnot have survived the horrors of another nighrtbl;e the last. I got some loose timbers, w;ith the intention oE naking a raft, wvhichthe returning tide ^would-sweep in toansshore,andLgotAout-onthesand to conetructIt. r this time the peone pon shore saw me onthe 7drecli, anbther launched the lfeboat and took me of, after having een- on board for 32 hours.f OC 11t,A P21c9-Osso SmGio Dit, T9esda Jan, 29.-Admissions on paymnent 770; ditto by sPeso ticket;, 219. Total visitors, 994 Return of admissions for e-d4ys ending Saturday, Jan. 26.-Xumber admitted jjiThing season ticket olders, 6t202; amount rviVe4 gg pEs gQ7; s 6d,
SALES BY AUtCTION. 2;otice.-7, Great Ga-.tle-6teet, Re6en±-eheet. Lease and Frototo. I ESSRS. ABRARAMIS and Co. beg to annolnde TAI having accepted a private offer for the above. The SAIE aklver. tised for janr 1i OT TAKE PLACE.-5- -dortirner-etreet, - Furniture. under a Bankruptcy PatenG Mangle &c IR HL FOSTER will SELL by AUCTIOJNS, at his IN IGreatRoom, 419 Oxford-etreet, near Soho-square, To-morrow gThursdby). Jan. 31. at i2. a quantity of nseful 6econd-hand FURNITURE aad EFFECTS. Now on ve-. . To Drapers, Hosiers. Maberdarshem, and Shjppers. ROWN and SON will SELL by AUCTION at BI their Rsoms, 2 Fore,-trct. city, on Thusday February 7, SOO bctof gnuera DRXFPlY, Silks, hose, £c. N.B. All goods for th:s C,rr5:u: Gilders titocK-l2, Rathbonc-ptacc, (xford-stcct.-ITnre.- served Saee. M ESSRS. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, on thfdfrenise. THIS DAY, January 10th, atl2, the remaining TSJCEl-.f a CARVER and GILDER, conEsiting of chimney and ce<O5fg'e1~e<,,gilt and mahogany frames, frames of aU kinds, framed m.fr.uned prnta, silvering bench witb three tonR of weights, tinetfL e g mabhoy double office deskr, and miscellaneous fffedN >Nd7 In -w, anl caalogues bad- l-l\TVbeebin hts ltcalr,aicskmr Cowkeepers, and others. RltpUNDIXA.LE wil SELL by AUCTION, on the 1Vi. P-rsAoe, eorner of 'Three MXill-lane. Erom-tey. near B-ow, noa Tasa' J`n1 l3j1. a-OLborder cf thie prietor, without re- A RrTr- cI new Xe~vport pagnel dog-cartg, brick cat,waom trnck', bx~barw caats butt, fel-Cers, ic4d, colours a'nd `aroi-s'' c.rt, set ot harness, w'heels. tMft Y.~~~~~b quantity of tyre and scrap iron. pit? erths rectiOns of Pheds. boes, 'ice, and othr effectr, (amleCe at-Ito oticei Of lbe auctioneer Comeoercial.rad, step.,y. - mied- enlde-road Villas_ andi ~1AftI~N wil SEL by AUCTION, at J.i .rsa',o ona eo ,a 2b odro h rct- ofM.A3,ioes . ~bt 6 lot Order of Sale.-Th!cflsy. _WJ[SSRS. FAREBROTHER, U~,AK ,andI LYE respetfull inform the public that the various FREEHOLD and LEAS 2OLD tOPEIITIES andREVERSIONS wIlb e ofered by them at Gsrwaseas, TEIS DAY-Januar 30, at 12. in the following order l. LaseholdEs4tats.North Audley-street, Grosvenor-qae 2, 1FrecholdEztato,.at White Waltha, ~near Maldenhedad. 3. Valuable Lifebold Fetates, situate in Umion-street and Great Guildfor,sl-treet. Southwark. 4. Absolute Reversion of a. FreeholdEstate, nea Sudbury, Saffolk. S. Life Interests in, and AbsoluteReversions toMoney in the Funds, Lancaster-place, Strand, Piceadlly.-Faahienab,leTown Residence,most desirably situate,beg No. 951 in the prefarable part of Ficeadily, facing the Green-park commandling extensive and delightful views over the ilurrey bills and surrounding coumtry. M ESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE _are instrncted by the Psroprietor to BELL, at Garrmway's, on WYcdnesd.ur, FcbrLuar 13, at 32- the LEASE (with poissession) of the capital FAMILY RESIVENCE, No. 95, Piccadilly. upon which a. considerable sunm of mnoney has lately been judiciously expendled, renderirg the game replete writh elegance, comfort, and convenience and suited for the immediate oceipation of a gentleman's family. The residence is of handsome modem elevation. 'with portico entrance, and contains numnerous principal and secondary ledl chambers dressing rooms, and bath rooms, elegant receDtioni rooms finishedI in white and gold, anti room lrading to a censer- lbarey, billti aredromwith-eqxm ealeh,t ldomEsticaties comtn bfase atapgrun rent, My be.dne viete by ticetsoly, which, with parnu r lam, ay.b hafMsr.FAREBROTHER. lr, OAndLK, aidLYEnttr p ace,trnd:tpruticular alho pofpriee co SmihEaL., sobitr SAuCTh- ampon-uidings, FChance3y-ane lan at Garrway'o, theLISE-Tof Barle ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~N.6, aIy-street aedo-'nr,ALaeodPlt,cniting oale. c1hqarepithlFml cocehosiene, letaor,leas, atn£d1 peroanm.ssah M ESSRS. FAREBROTHER CLARK, nnd LYE arc instructed by the Proprietor to SELL a barwy'.o ACIONd. ien Wy.edbaa.1 Fe3, 3,at,-,u~lt 12urats evrouwlydsozothefLEA pE o vat caoitral PRVATubE LEASIECE, No MTSO, Harleystreet Coftwmpeiohssrewt oc-os and subtnialultrsdnting, 14and premlsiseldsat eth rea. Te esienc i sustatillybuit nd asextlensiea aomemetoelaton ;isle onleas for7. 1. o 21 ears at the rentso 25 e Wplctone toroes. CavebdoshcsreClark, anhod Lyte.s6. rLanvstmer-pc, 'orns. sfg wom atso aritilFaulasmy bcienhad pof 3feing k puen,r 1ifESSRS. FAREBROTE[ER, CLARK, and LYE IY.are instructed by thePIroprietor to S SLL,La bwy~ onCTIedalGrwi',o enesday.eb1.a1,intols, Fluraery previously disnstdofyrvale conriact.e RaubESIDENCS, EInLD ESATS consIstn 26 f twoe sortet, and-ptacoae,of,n oraOf handoeeeain ihprticsoenrnre slvtuons ed rengetily mof £1811land pu65 pero susannum, and lcoarc hel rnepar teai street; and at Garrawaryle'ons.ase fo Winhssel-street, Fortendipaeh-LDurig-Leasehold Estates for Invesmet SSRS FAEBROHE%CLARK, andI LYE ar istice( b teprpitor SM byAUCTION, a atm Gnway's. on Wednesday, Februr 13 . at 12 , Inttw lo ts,PS o WOApivateRESIDENCES1, buceingtre's, 18 andp2a, recentlyaontd oensdadptit substantiaUea- rnt]ly stoand freonti, reanWir, eah 2yexta orso ron~lto es to higioly respecta-ble tenants, atthyeryenof£0ea; held ~~~ ~~under the fl uke of Portland for teuc'pestrmf4yars atn groundrents ay renteedb cards,vlobedobteained tofbesssharot brother. Cark, and Le 6 Lacaster-place, Strand, of wo lopr ticuarsmaybe ad;Ane ofMesrs.Burof eysm Clark, and Ciaes, solcitrs,160 Oxordstret;andat and-at Gay'w, s Ducess-strabeet PoAnnuiptyaoco.-L0ong Lasehol d Estaties ofoAsraInest [,E S SRBS. FAERTEW'CLARK and LYE are -onitebbyth popieor ,toaSELLvby'AsCiON,ebaty nextra by orde of bhedroms,let on leas toeia mosto .able, tenanots, ath folwngA1 UII70m -o L_13 per annum, adusreliude thefleofioladoraon tier of eas noliat agroud 43rxent.ayt bnte dewed, by cads fth er ha,o Mgessrs. Fecrebther, Cltark,o andplye, 6.uei Lancade-pac. Sotrand of03s v.io anls opr thensarmaye hades and 0Meses,e po h Bsuyene, Cltark and;C dlnes, peictrs 160.n Oford-treet andelie atd Gacrraway on't. Vier vsalubes Annust Pof 60pranu,adPlcies of Assurance, mutn oehrt MO iiteforo£5,00in th princip-al aseurnc oters,d eia GhJrdi6E. FAREden,EG o TIERcLAK and LYira Mr eaie derie n2ext,byshorderyofpteaMriagdteeuder the,ir powerou ae n lots thenu ftilowing mayXbTIbad viz :-LtrsI.r me,t0 Paler. ann uml douringthe lif edofoadnobleman arwys ageu4,dxpcanto the dfieat of Mes fahe, nore aged 12, sCuared upnd estlaaster aplealueinLdn. Lot2. 707Is thal eri e sfPame le,and secud W red pn h sm Desstat Aminel estates fAsevrolesn ofhAssurance. aniectn oethe t £ro,teo. indeth f cilowi'- ofie e-arif.Lgan Gueneral vauardian POvident. G unoMt ola and Mira oedtied adlertisd usat iil hotl aparan te a o sleeAnnTOuNe , wtheniar 24, Bdfor-row;at Grrawa's ad at he OfOce of seant, Farebrother,Clark, nd Lye, eneaste-pbron.ztesnand cases, and mtbrasslmetaesa M R. HILI eSeiv eLL bytr(tin AU tIo , SE t T by greaTBooms, NtBond-stret, o Tuesdy DerAry2,th ath 1nstby atorderisofyth a Asmagne SfteRVestt of usaTefusn Mooruenta PLAutE, wt somsen exelen plthed ware,a few lots, THof vesrey coande biolRle, severaltdre Sn-ases wit Leshlv ouer l.s, atnWstbondesrve and fac tabl anat the inaid, boxTes,mdeatyr lamps, and2.b morderofntes Mayrbe ewed uthder day prweviu tof thsale, aINdEvr catlogubes ha.-PASHL AIDEmaCEbIket of force londeresdenlo Chiuna, Ienory nomperiasinga Beenronzed hocien Sclpue,g curous- Papa Colas116 and Medals,Leand valdssuable Obiaentds eti.tw:rduigrns nIo h Vaueo great r Roon,mNewf bon-sroet, THiSe DAYs. 10thiu inrstafint,avestment ivory sand wooditalsketsh androxes,y mantiqe viwdbronzesan 'mscltreasiongs,th iemoes tenamels. mnpinieatiure,Pesan obtattles, Oess rinalybecs and aolant OSacin bewronzeoand brass mhetl and; cons, th p1r.operty of ageteman. Maybetviewed othendayuprecein Cabndemoriangofosale, ategar. P uhillp a,dTlpod ai n ofBos ire Bnroof yox,ebsChubb an Hus ar-entishf-Efetos. EDLOM D has r LEYoe wfina SELLon to SELL piNLby aUtIN ate them Mar, elBndTusdaee. Tebruaryo12, Jat2,b 31rdter fof the on ecoun of the estate of ChreIoor,% a bhieansrept,lwit of Clegait,UXIU contsiinssvenroms eac situatebn, andhn ot, 5,6, andet., Lexpnsivesuhsqnaruetaenroand, tlprooducn retables, ands of the estlze fof th0er awnngo held forlong rorms, mauactulo grou durns,on bevea vinewed,ze and patiuarsobtinede of W.na L olt, Req.. slolckfito,e3 chaha-pev.lasessutaesofcrtam; oG.J.rahubelbaryof.'cllenaboutgnee,s byColeanstee, captyal chmbesrs Guraytre and B arerry sofintorect.. Edge- re-rod mat the haMarnt;e andsat MrecLoing ths oWies 8, Orhard-ms PErlaemptory SaeTsfL asehld Houes,hants WtBuilde-rov, andur Denl 1R- LEDWARD isinLUMtEd to SELLb AbCTIOC, iat thebrMarylal, fonrueda,tFb.h,a t 1 by rder0C1iThAJeMet of aE Carbhed ferc longterms, atoc lowt ground mrbent, comprising ta geteelresidence ab o. 150.dbso W rtboume- Sicilins two eight-roomed housles, ao h1ande marbl Achmer-street, Wa totbe crane-,ov west : sx shevnroe houses,dffc beingures, 81,31,51, and 1aiu7ffcMy evee, St.Leo nard's-suae, haldanten-romiad, aendtith-w.pouigrue a ndin fcs,6,Ctoftery veTm ' ents forsmlldaptarss, anthepropert malaybbe Lieaseod byo permsine of the reTSpectivetnat, Cand prn-ted paricuilaprsobtaied of at eaors Graeadf Bery solctos 10,EgXAerod h at No. 21,Old on-streVel.-- dTome Household-. aurn itre,6ctavby t ARD LUtLEY eito SELL by AUCTO,ate Lx o-.or ro1, atuary fora 12, onnacount lofthe numberyo lots,ml aPcOicERTassemblag felegaseodivsnt FUNTURE,nespupoe conssting of bh,enyadOther cabi-a ni[SrefrSth draIng aninin roms LmanoufPpactured byeWikinsan seea iebozs n crepee of china T 1LousE V clocknfinete chmny-glassnes,ses ofd Excurtains, ao vaLuaLe lbray ofAbMou,.t 00hves ofrt beolemosadrd' I 1anduenral lieature, bnFiookase, aLESEHpOofbo byOChubb, capitl c chmerunietupriae, huw and a gvrityofeffcs, Catalogues mayd9 be had oon ther Tuehsdatreedin theshate ait frthe rooms; and 9 Yatrs. Lumgrouns orices. 67. Crehancery-lae, n pureae Early Saen-timlio-GhtfoMArbole Merch ToGetsBulders, Fiure Deyl ~~ EDWA~RD uera, and othem, iurdiretedtl ELoYAC. abott0saeo s jhet Sicilian, Idove, and . Othe lane. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ e Ida a( e In Rslernpcy~-e B. ugan,a BakruptFan enBafurnGoishe XR.W. S. FRANCIS will SELL by AUCTION, kAupon the Pres,ise,_No. 37, MIsories, on Thursday. Janur 31. at 12, all the excellent HUOlSEHOLD FURN4ITuRE andi BE7CIS. comPrising an elegant drawing room suite in crimnson damaask,4 rosewood card andl sofa tables. large chimney and dressing glasses, Brussels carpets malsog-anld walnut-tree chairs. sofas, and loo fables, a caPital china, funner serosce, a pedestal sidebeard, hadome ornamnental china, glass, ftc,'also the Lease of the Uppe Fart of the ouewhcisheld for l~iyears.from Chriatma last,at the low rent of £28 per annum. May be viewed en Wednesday and morning of cute; catalogues and particularabad on theopremises, and of ihe auztioneer, 44, WellcloLe-square, St. George's east., Psreehold Ground and other Peni.&Lseef amounting to £4 per nnu, wikeluale ad cnsileihleReversions, ~rESE$. ENTand ON xe istrcted to SELL Jkby AUMITON a h fr. nTudy February 7, at 12. the following ell bIle iitOEl nlos:a xeWnsiVe Freehold Plroperty in fitossona-lc a el-ad ear the Turnpike at Helloway, let at -l0 per anm AFreod oue, 7, Sieymour-row, Little Chelsea, let en les taoinleto 21 per annum. Four Freehold Houses, 12 t15inlsv'inLns-idng,Bunhill-row St. Lole's let on tese a£4pe nu.A Feehl Hous an& Premises, 5. Crane-sret Genwc, doiig the RylYacht Ta7esu,jet on2 ]leae, at a nomnl etof £4prannum he re hold Dwelling Houses Nos. 18,19, ard 20. Ils-tet hle,lto repairing leases at£0 perannum. A LeasehodHue 1,Syo place-Bryanston-equare leten lease at £0 e alnuM. ToLae hold Houses 10 and SI, Wilmington-lc Cekenwell. produsn, net rental oi£7_Wannum. Anad= eshl atrsSo n te propertanjHoe-l1y,In.GeAnchonrbeEuf,pro-, due-mg rental of £15pe ties at HollowayLiteCesaanCrn-tetGrewc,il,o the, expiration oi theeisigtas,blaglicrae. FlpircuILar and conditions o aec5i rprto,admyeotie De vondSig3.S= t I i.ous, s-ae n Ca itn Itase and Taluable choke,tlYLein Italian, French, Spanish, and 8IESSRS. s. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN W WILKNSON. auctioneers ofliterarypro rry and worksoconniectedwith the due aria, will SEMLL b~AU(YFON. t their Housc, 3, ~e~~I~In, Preah, Spansh, andEnglis li ndrtwre foUdowg The valuable Stock of the best modem Woylson M1edicine and Natural Science, and the imPortant Eslurational Collections of Specimens, Modebi and Apparatus of Mr. Highlly, jun. . M ESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY anda JOHN 'WILKINSON. auctioneersof literary property and irorks iOnstratve o thulineari, wil SEL byAUCTON.at their Hou-se, 3, rmbsns;together wit his important adcrflyfre eduatinalcolectOnof specimens, models, aprt.d, oils trate and faiitethe studly of crystallographymnrlg,gooy parLrontology, botay osteology, anatomiy, pyi;g,mdiey nircroscopy, photogrph,&-e, the whole in choiccodtn,adoth best costmuetion. Mab iewed on Saturdaysa odypir n catalogues had; it in the couintry on receipt of two taifr Valuable Collection of coins, being Du.plicates from the Cabinet of the late J. D.Cuff, Esq. M ESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN WIL- XINSON, auctioneers of li'trr rprty rind works illustrative of the fine srts, will SELL by AUTION, a't their House. 3, Wellington-street, Strand. oni Thursda, Feb. 7, a small but v-aluable COLLECTION of COINS, in gold, silver, and copper, being duplicates flrom the cabinet of thelate J. D. Coiff, Esq., F.S.A.. do. (removed fromhis late residence, Clspbamn-park); containing afew Greek and Remani coins, in allracals(soe Soe ano an Enlis),ad aso somc rare siege pieces andpttens. mon thoe o ChalesI. wllbe found some, Curious speimns n ilvr.'Te seg consconai te three-shIlling pieceof w_s'The Wse Mr.1Lyuch Cotton's curiousClecin iJZESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN ILWILKINSON. auctioneers of litemaryproperty and works connec-ted with thec line arts, will SELL by AUCTION, at theIr House, 3, Welingon-tret. trad.on Friday, February 8, the curious COLLECIONfocner bythelat Mr LychCotton, comprising works,on angin1. icldisg te rrelist eitonf Walton's Compleat Angler (wih itl i frsiill.and Dr. Gardiner's Boko of Angling, which is rar oexes wth some intiteesting5iilosttnsand Waltoniana; crimiaanote trials of notoriety. broadsides, =rotraits of highwaymen,burlar, adothr cimials remrkale harcteS, n other celerites; uiorapVcttro,compisig alarg c9iecton romfelons, Valuable Collection of Autograph Letters nod Mranuscri't,to contain- lng three articles of very high intercst andc importaince, viz,, a Mtanuscript in th;i Autograph of Ta&so, a Copy of Bmrowne'srPastorals, inth many Notes by te FePet Milton. and FInlon's Autograph Defence against the Accusations of Bosciet. 1rESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN M1 WILKINSON, auctioneers of literary proert and works coii nected with the line aria, will SELL by AUTO,at their-ifouse,wZ 3. WVellingtoni-street, Strandk1,Qo aincrday. February 9, a valcable COLLECTON of AUTOG H LE'TTERS, collected by Charles MOeighEsq including pleasing specimens of the autographs of many distinguished chairacters. interesting letters of GenerallVolfe, a charming letter of Cowper the reel, an ofilcial letter detailing tIre accident to Oliver Cromwell when driving hi- caiviage; together with 12 folio pages in the autog, ph of Torquato Teasso. Browne's PastoraLs with many notes by thehand of the Iroet Milton, and F. nlloni's autograph defence against the accusations of llossuet. Catalogues are nearly ready. library of the late R1ev. Professor Campbell, of the Entglish Presby- terian College, Lourdon. 11rESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN iV.WILKINSON, auctioneersof liter rproperty oustvorks conaectedwitli the liae acts, wil SELL by AUCTION, at their Hlouse, 3, Wellington-street, Strand in February; the LIBIRARYT of the latelter. P'rofesser Caimpbell, of ihe English Presbyterian college, L.oudon ; comprising capitol books in P'resbytcrian divinty and miodemn German literature. 1~,ESsS.S. EIH STHBY ndJOHN WILKNSO, actioeemof iterry roprtyand work-s connectd wih th finarts wil SEL byACTlO1attheir House. 3, of the late Dr. HibberaBtA. Collection of Engravings fromn ihe Plortfolio of an Aniateur. X[ESSS. S LEIH SOHEBYand JOHN VING fro th porfoli ofan aateu, cmpriingexamples aittzr Ilafaeie Lenasieda ini, itan,Glo Iomao,Domenichino, Coregb, nd the emnen pintrs;als lne rodctinsfrom the irlag,milicent Assemblage of highly valuable zind -mportant rBooks, the proerty Of .a Collector. SSS .tLEGH SOTHEBY and JOHN MWILKIN'SON, auctioneers of literary property andI works connested with thle lfne arts, will SELL by AUCTION, at their Honuse, 3, Wellington-street, Strand, during Februtary. a magnificent assemblage of highlyL valuable and imoportant BOOKCS. cbe property of a collector; comPrising Ormerod's HiLstory of Chezhire, On large paper, with 1,2100 coats of arms, emblazoined by Dowse; Surtees' Hristory of Durham, on large paper ; fanning and Bray's History of Surrey. on large paper; Atkynis's History of Gloucester, the Original very rare edition, free fromt icjury; Bakee's 3forthamptonshire, en large paprr. with additional ilhmntArations: 3hlonielield andPairkin'sIlistoryof Norfolk; Eridges'sHi~tory of Northamnptonshire, iliestrateel: Cluttarbuck's Hi6story of HertfoD,_o lag aprHaesuitWlhron large paper; Hoare's ModernIV Witsire, complete in parts; Itefrant s Hlistory of Essex, the original rare edition, on large Paer, withi upwards of 1,000 costs of arms, emblazoned by Dowse ; WbIltaker's,RIichniondshir, ; Craven and Dugdle; manident st o OrssiusandGronorius, 85 vels., 0n larg paer; usI Frsr~as an MuleRoal,tIre latter choice proofs; a vry inesetof he c eratd ad iteratig productions of the Piransi, T e whle m uo coshlin. Caalog esa nearly ready. Seclection of Books from the Library of an eminent Collector. ~SSR S.LEIGH SOTHEB3Y and JOHN WL SO ,auctioneerso lieayiynetand works connecteelwith th fine rts, wilISELLat theirlHouse, 3, Weln'onstee, Srad,inFeruay,a elctonf STANDARD BOO~s fomth Lbray f n mien CLector,wm M~ESSRS. S.LEG THY and JOHN WILINON, auctioneers of literUary pro7pertyanhdo soRts monected'with threfinecarts. wli SELLbylUTON tththuse,3, Wellin-toc-strcet, Strand, duri;ng Felnmary, the valuable CLASSICAL and 3t!CE.LNEUS LrBRJARY of an accomplished Nonagenarian lately deceased; containing the best edition of celebrated authors in the choicest coirdition, among tririch will be fousd Homeri Opera, the FoullsEdition, on large paprz, dune copy, in restmorocco extra, FI'tonis Opera, -ura Sermni, a beutiful copy, bound by Roger Payne, on large paper; Xenophontis Opera grim 7eunclavil, large are,bound by Roger Fayne. and other ciassica of Irigh celebority: Edwads'NatralHisory wih Os Geanngsfdu cor-,. with co- Tohred Lates Laane'sinritishBirds, 9t vygfomth,eputifo s copylae duely oord DrydeOutin's Wrksoan life, bygSirtWalteorkScott-1 vectedit Shaespie art' Pas, edfitSELLbyRed 2U vONs Votathir, HoRee, compelento-te,r ein,m,e-tlyi the euacas editin, the whleinA choi con- Lfeminent Surgeon, soturing from the profession. Th VianubeShkparaondDaaii mt. -IIFESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEB3Y and JOHN iYkWILKINSON, auctioneers Of literary property and works connected with the iine arts will SELLby ACON, at their House. , 3.Wellington-street, Strand, eryin the sason,uathe COLLECTIO of a VaubeSarpainadDramatic Literature,benthwokcolcefr dusdith 1haksnVTKincldigOld lahaucioeesofltrypopeara raty andorks conueWelingor-stec, Srad, n Mrc, avauabesoLLECTdOmmo preprateno th fist ivevolmesof r. rriiwdl's o3 Ediio of rVarquartoe eIdatrw of Wrso 1ena SeMthe MeryWve qo insr,tMidsummer N ight'sIDream, Me cha ont of Veie,itherveryp mm etar(lyGrmacnVecedmitnho the Tempears, Muc AdoL abou A othiNg, and thei Mid, 3 sImmRAR oihfa Drem,leieved tombpterirstg copiabes bosold by neaucio in this OOs cu tryan interesting codpy oP1th fist biwb eiino63 -Tnde srelety Coflcto othrfe netrequired ofor ditigshedfuture olumesohe the above mentioned Arts. ~ESES.S.LEIGH SOTHEBY andI JOHN iY1 WILINSON.auctioneer of literary property andworksilconnecedwih he uears,Wil SELL bY AlCTIO,, atuthirg Hos,3 Welligtonstree, Stand, mmedatlyftrc ase, the valuable CL LIBRAIIY ~~~~~of a gentlmncopingvualembokangeneralow scinc, bt speialy llStrtiE of gheology,l containingemay in s- porian bookson tht inteestin andgpopular subject.sujets The selct CbC olletion of Engivings of a distinguisahed Patron ofth teFine Arts. MESSSS. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN M nUSON,auctioneers of literary property andworks tunatrative of fire dune arts, Will SEL by AUCTIONV, duringi Aprie, atter os,Welntn-slrreet. Strand, ui~pi, the emead valuable COLLETIMON Of DNRAIVINGS tire patertyoou a1nd gentlema whelp-peowy O geteawelkonfor his patronage of the flne arts. Thecoltinebasan05m blasofrar Engis anIdfrei pReraitngmnyo whichareoff un como intret;a arg colcion ofi Strcpimts,heyIlr tmtone t HnaysorSaispe are,thegeae portion fwhchAre neatly n aefuy Hmounted withavew toiner n a folio dtino tework ofte m owstt hod o he en ayvigsonariou Aublf. thCole orytHu ttntio I h aaer n eneraloletr Delvint H hemFi e Asia, MUESSRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN .YLWILKINSON, auctioneemsef literary property and works ron.- netrared oft the duec arts, will SELL by AUCTION, at their House. 3, Wellieton.treetSiran,rlsngAp 'day.genui ean vealuaber Cof- collecton comparisesdcapithlospecien ofrome tihes worksty of-c y h Cole Hun~~lteCl DPernte Wst Do Win Hardig Pann Willi Iof the productions of threse engravers evre formed by an English colIlector. The works of lollar consist of his most esteemed examle of the different classs. viz. :-Rare portraits, interesting rngIsLjocd foreign views, London topogr-aphy, shipping, landscapes, habits of different nat-ions, insects, vases~,rinuiff &c. ;the whole in most exquisite elate, both as toimpression and qutyl,v In addition to the collection in a letter, written by Hollar to Sir % ,iim Dulae sumedtb of hi meatportrits, eing nexam ledam Dtogabeaut ore ipedwton Tonditio, Andext-r" eente'smarin. hs eFuisitue (pertensearlnewpur wiell, Snes, Jiaof.Wlortes dzno o, and oEre clectin of cgehntema,so doigThlNtDALLcetuy and mayL juty A'claimheadirton the Avene,rr,l, HIS AY, January 30, at 1 the superior FDRNInUR;compriinag rosewood draninnj room suite in blue satin -tabaret, lea and laney tables, cheffonide with plate-glas p.aels !e einneyglsse 6 byM,new velvet-pile W e 65 sodas Turey nd raief ca-pmmaogany dining room teg in green imorocco and satin hair-cloth, sideboard, cheffenlery dfjeuner and telescope-framne dining tables, mahogany Araban ana four-pogt bedLsfeads, hair mattrewsse, beds and bedinad roe,hsofdrawqers, marble-top wash-stands, dseindg ta)e n w bn V&as, kitchen requisites, d. (in viewTuesday and metanlinge o~fsole.' Caae,logoes on She - poie; and atthe St. -Johu'1-weod estato office, 25, rortlsnd-terse. near st. Joha's-wooal ChApel. IHeavy weight and fart Pony 31P, MDALLia instrneted- toSEL t p- s!I6wj1 he abuTe-2-meat lndO furniture, areshrbySrn DARK-BR WN PONY (l21).Quiet to rideaend driv,cado1mie in bour -Aas sbeen constanrdhjrieddn and driven b ld.Tb FPll-mRll1-Excelleiit modem Rndlish 1'ictnre& jfJESRS. FOSTER and SONS wivi BELL,, AUCTION, akt the Ga11 No. Fa EmCLTHIN 1) JRuaY 0,In fllwg dAy.a~ I eachday a O±WrO mode PICURE, th prpert ofW. E. Bates. Esq., whoMw tiaes sna ateurand talnt asasn artist giveaseuranoeeof the qualitY0 -0ib works. mostlY obtained direct from the stuidioe of the painters includ-' ing many rapidly rising In public esteem, and, among others ex. SirO0. L. Eastlake, P.PA. A.Elmore, &,ILA. F,W. Topliam Rt tdga-. Red J. Ilunel J. Diaby W. F. FiT'thb,1PA. J. Houlan O. Chambere W. CoUig, XA. W. IL Knaigbt 3'. Wilson P.P.roole, A.R.A, G. Smitha A. M1ontague A. L. Egg AR.A. J.FM Whl. ~ ' Hcmsley W. .Etty, knA. A. Mlit 0D. 3axter. On view,and eatalogues had at Messrs. Postes' olffice, 54 Pall-m41lL Guildiord-street Rnsl-qse-Lae~~p-yIteesidence ;held at Z21 grund r-nt, and let at £80 per annum. 3MESSRS. FOSTEP. and SON are dirccted to SELL byAUCrIOX at the aMat on Tuesday, Eel1. 12. at 12, the Smith. at LB0 Der annum, and held forl8l years atxf £21pe annum. This is an excellent residence for, a professional eisa xThe present occupierisayearlytenant. Matbeviewedonlyby peissOf the tenatnt, sand particulars had. at t ae Mart, of TO Erct,fsal. u crier. 11 Gray's-nn-squar; Messrs lleddSenn,so toss London-street. city; and of Messrm Foster, 5,Pl-al Cad~gau e sand North-street, Chelsea. I1an Ordler of the Court of Chancery ton SELb UTO,a the Mtart, on Tuesday, February 12, in two lotg. FOURt equal undivided NINTTH PARtTSor SHARES in a capital RESIDENOCE and PFleE oppsieS Nro. r,Cdgnpae,ltees abot 7125,arndaheld for 28 y1EasSdS hl, FOST1 .pER annum LOtN wi SEquLL bAUdvie TN t tweMakon Tesbodliose. Fe o. 121, and 121, intorlth- sharetSloae-street., ,neaetr-Kihsqbrid-ge, let at£o3dInd esldmer1 yEa rs.ataon reSTEoR £5 dS. N Priculrs, 14EdLy befr th Ale, orMer. TIOe and ethearft, solicTors(a, F edbrdarow12 at, the Martel and ofSROI prsr.F ivtrandSo,e 4 PWEllLG-mall. 1a~Z,sbi tB adomp ame-two neparly newn Houses, In teoman's-tehsee,f the aming opposite rornptonsquare, held for about 7 1 year t£ nd£ ground rents. -tre romsoz adm ~FSSRS. FOSTER and SON r diretl t SELL yA- TIONAUTIN at the Mar,lolTerdy, Fe4, ratl 12,In two lot, at okec LEyEH)withPEutT consistingretio of twoonetxbrek-bl huoustes veah cooninn ooeruon roomen wSh-houSe, Drith Viennand ancsd fOrie-tlcourt. eretdaouta cive eas agio,y gaind laet at nd0pe nnut offein goosd plall, Investments.Mybiwd and par-swthe.cles ticulashand,1 slabs, prdiorath sUn(glLmoale, btthhMrt,a tRebGapes Fuble-huse thecorer f Ycmane-rsv mofseot Ieminent coaostChallrlessret Wanceter-colurDawings- goosth Le ht;taseodIvstmn. MESSRS. FOSTER and SON' r direte t SELLbyAC byAJTION, at the Gat n nslla 4,Febrary12atl 1o n erieellest 2LEaSEHOI privae,the DWOLLECGTHOUSof WAih EoOsubsan tRia, NdGormethle piroprt elgof 4,a oitnguthednrt amsteurf Charlesstrb,Eet, fchestersonare Mirmnlearne, inowuding the Cocptino iihoasd tMewCicnykeste, byV atu£75 peroanm, theldau ortabou Pyaris,h at grun ret o guiea. Te hus ha theeroosand hav deer contains a i-all.tearon Earngreqiresbh fatumlyorepcait. Ma eiSSRS. by TE pemsindo the wil teat SadvELLb AUdprC- TIOara mayt the ad f esrs.Fe, 54, Pall-mall; nhusalso oFbur Messrs Beochaf andls So,picitores,o Chawks irh.uEst, o Kent. on Er ha,icuigthe lateoM'. Hall, theCortrest of the Stand. LL h }~1SSRS. FOSTER and SON are diretctd ty SheL AF diitao oSMby A TIN, thTGllryN5, Palmal on Pr ondsay1, thelia1threbr.Miuary and reveon Moendsvingdaysl 3uardy eocefted). in aty, ocloc eachi day, wthou reserve1,by dUirecTion fo the Ee andt Orientcal cer boronze carvings Iiroo-, gemlbrns, caedroms,n Ind tactis, ancienshaed platIeby Bresrsucger and curius;wtches ocels, mar,OWbletvaesan slbs sclenitere stined,o gass,t mosahic,el greitser and miuaesquetehe seabInets, efpuates,abs anpltd oarnae,esntal treubls,% wal ights anewdouiadles,bar collcinf pictures,pandla variet ofvobjets of LantiqsterBae andcroiy sel'"1ebeieddu1arriugpast`eaboutre70 vlate Mrf Foitest whoser vors i&td~ct good, niltaste raivnds hnOralebar-o Ingoecrledh cour idenes, and esteemaofthea most uemnent clmornnot arm,Ctlge r rparing, and mafohdwe ubl thed tAradlltsmeoalwl. per Pal-al-Wterclurrwig of the hiehest class. ESSRS.FOSTERand SN are directed to SELL, byT ILaUtIONaler, at thPallery.L 54.n Pall-masleon WedOLLda Feb. 2?. taia at ndrciey Dthe COILCTIONES fofmdbya AEIti-COLcol DRAWNGS th proertofthatdisingishedraatceu. Charlest Birch, Esq. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ie, ofEdbsn,irigrm-icuigteClMr'Uprran TirseCriclke Gte,byc Residenc, fo tlae BaxJt,Prixi tIre Nile b J. d Pa Turner hld.A fo vry Isryfii3s daigb eli Mabe,f 1an beie aindto fraomnhksrae b atroe Ueri ecdtofhtrenowntedlandscae palater DaE dCsqThsedrw reugsincue somiue ofd theigem ofShelvernTal Collection, and hav~erbeen genralyspucaebdolandthebes pdrourabeewuorks o teiicr. /ESSES. FOSTERN andSO wILOASEL b%il AUCiLL Iby AUTIthe Gallteiry54 glmall Room 2hrsa, Femaerylae ToTWELVE JanTuartES, at1 futeporIro sofmte apitalscend-bandtHOslell tionoEgisitus ofNTUE Chge arledBrchbEe,o bedstgad,on bedinninancham,erincluings,the gtabIn'c al.toirsictue byar,Margclimey-gLA,wledh attrelsactd soTuchey atteninath auts,Pcraa3 okax ron thest Approahe tohVnica byd ctheglates, pitue printsm, line, oaworntof magid effects. viw hed; Morning, byd &a Cooesr.eaRA.; motn ok y HreT, lopaeA, W.Mller, Bues nningtonher.; abea urey S ce t otne, 1dESSRS. FOSTER LN andSO EILOAdreTe byl thEL iT disitae t ELby AUCTION, on the Pjei,10 Uhsremisesxto, 17, inSatrys erar , at 1 ec dy fo,the HO ASEH aLd UTENSIT LStof th mst odernehKarace,four-thnediruatningforoom, two hrriesbedirooms,e nd tolce, furonishedpinr18e3 bytin machise, grsand wear;ghen mcellar crdvne,tbgeste blcservice of plai%teds and plaedxes, proald trffets,O lvewte bay Lancasther Baker, andC caaott-tes lireary.o u ,0 s Nombnve,lo-upeir boxes,oa d matemi-eatcal inItstidenes, foks ornuament, cmp quiage aiarg sore ofnverymnt du iasotypr chsdWn183 ciAr cAbinEts chin tabLe sevies eAUT-glas,lamps tale ad ed l1ine, L.on vriewy thre days nofWrc, Cata1nlotus, arepre paring, andoma be had, Grhen publshed Grove Call-maill,SuryTh modaton fo ampicturles ofthe hithestonlass, g,blty n coveiTentR FoStectER anaPend.SONo 3r dir etd to 4m SELLb, Esq.a them Galleray, 54, Pall-mall soon after Eazs,t 5per, aCOuLEC lctorandunl comprisiong worksha of thisgreatest almosttinsmedTheemos distingishled tastersLof the Thsq.rml'andy-Faem150 scoolseare repre sen tedi cOnsierable numbe tiulrs an i reatpretien,bt Mante qua- D Olty ansubjct;ithehger cnd landaesnt art byge beautifulexamplso greatrvaue ad intestThe dayines of salan Virtewa winruth dtail of the sUbjCTIO, wol bhredul advertied, re%Ttebmcut sureagrownd Janday1 patd s hel for 2 3 y'lcklears.ot£ f pher an= eliIblDfor anCK imortatrbisding operantion orfo uefculpationgey door SR OSE and iawfriue lsONrr' tnares diecte ad byithe andL usefnumterialof thelsate rong Lal,-db less,,ayto'sEtrb utYI.-.b vearly on tesrnthe h mo ROUND Lfs,ASEctlgesotie o f ULE- .L HOUSE, withMay soici.cnevtory,7, hon-tret oo and ofeen houes lutodge,peasure grouns,grdeS, oDAI paok-n alOsvn aers-et ordmedit possessiThea Evaluabl Efcsqin the hnusmo wil actingbe sroldebytiue at slthed petimesob tgickt,wihmyb a t Messr s.HakFostder'sn,t offiyACes T54. Pail-m ellreas 7 ogt-.l it,a rdy eray1 Ganuin ferni,the oldaCina. Silver Te-onit,n Faon, and pwaier,u cr ade Telecop by el aud.bore cofsitwr j the Exectors oc NIeaSrSte .-d n CommOIrl) oands.ILOrTe wjll SEa~ LL f iT.Lb AUCTONl, atI theirgratBoms 28UCTIaNceyln, to-h morrow,JanTuary 31erury1, at 12 fr, oe aintalree iotd-hadOUwElHOilD Fevenroomed HOE, winged wardrhobe,edsteads, bedding, and chambernitns, diningan tale, 'chais,sideboar, la etrsrgeaine-lasses,d annussls and urey 0 earhpet,7curtains, bocaeron det2schst &e.,fne shivesaonedouoglss, pictures print,len, Nornaent, aotndefets. Onea ToStapneyahucer, olnte Muyces,l Cmand tys-Etaty Slet at;s Hoton,n painEtSxs; rS. 3 yeaMMO arond BIent OARsTh ewetfiuSeLL inIb AUCoTION,udon thepuremises. 100, igh-astr eet&oxe, ona. Saturdy. Febcitory 20, Cepd ;at 10 Mei.trerPLNTan UTl.CENSILSof a h i~~Fpubllsebat OAE ~ ~ t th termsxyeas. roud ret oly 21.Allth hose arawl drhied Fetham ner Lath-rc"d-Tzlegant Freehold Residence and seven .11]ESSR . G EEN 28,old Eond-str-eet) have re- ceived inetructiouS to SELat Garrasvay's en Vednesday Feb. 17, at 12 (Lf not in the meantimec disposed of), the capitl PRM HOLD RESIDENCE, known sas ctcham Lodge, most delightfully situate in the most picturesque past of Surrey, writhin a mile and a half of LesthehMne,were thiere -s-il shortly be a raiway station, and five from Bpsom Boxil, and Docking, comprisIng an elegant'and ETacbous villa, with shru bbery, lawn,orchard,gardteu, and meadow, in adU seven acres, and contaiuing eatnirnc-hall, lofty dilrda- room, two doain,~ons morning room and study, four best ben? chamliera,' P_ GR E 28 l Boandtreerat) ' roomsSEL residene. the excrtelentandwelladapedfurniUturetmaybed puTs chsdb vUNatot.knor It will be hold by auctioniaioe n thprms. he Suvssex. neartd Ha rI ba sr-aituat esl-ihuilt Vlan easyideance, of Brighton, and win= 2W minutee~ walk of the Hayward's-heath Sts,. tion, commAnding an extensive and plctueqevwofSeSut Dons te ow oLided,an alrg etet f esilbly ooe cilodka&l &l (esablIebe in IB43, Sppointod to tSke , c the dcc Thoseday in -ver motnth, of AbwOlnte and. Cwmtingeat1eeri. t Almderando hrpc Afty* M Interest,,Annutties, Policie.. e,Advosnf,ePresenatations, Ma orliall Rghts, Raen IChasges in Leu OfTitbei Post ObtBonds,Totine; Debentures, ImDroeyd Rents, Shaim in DcIM Canals, Xines, Ytlway% Insi,, *nte Companies, and otber muaudertakings, 10r the pregen,t ye".. M SHbeps to announce that his PERIO. SLS(established in la11 frthe disposal of every desCrrtlnn f theabovementIns,~TROPERATrY, take place on tlIhe SrslTlsuelisln eohothrtboughout Ithe pireseut erasnr January 3 ~~~~~~~ 1 ~ ~ ~~ sder~4 Aie l2 Auuteebr teoindtheto old tDe aaefoathe I nre? odemtandto they.a t bnaver fpoet f te the vleo cuadn hid expertience oDf thle hfao rawakn whiehitdays ee exprosehdayn teodnrcoseof sa le nts a ofiense 2f te lelt 1 earsoaw oe teaoeplnt eeqa d Fentodioul tol venostan puesor, h mls, -llcaten of nuiterou loS renderItndsthecaNnaopulctmreeffeetsiafdless expeuiv of tealenmend and t eefceh h bv en hudb owre tMR. MArs tlas otigtaeedno abome dthes,i aeedy Execuort ofahdyofsla the Mlrte and atwar. Jocesito 51nhyPeriodical Sale(etbihdn141 of Reversions, Policies, Annite, M at the Mart ~ Fe.?.NineonedThursdayarl bern itres MaRS ha p rcecevdnsrttosfo h Execuad tors o 3taThe leM.EwadJnstoicueinh,nx Meronthaly WeriodestSaleob eesos oiis,i. pone t lhace tthndsrt onThrsay Feb.r7,at 1 nthe ot,N haiginteresta h5 a p rcen.Pricular ma fbrbtieda the MnhyPeriodical Sal etalse inor 11o Reversion s, Polid is nniis S'A hare,Bns &-on Thurda, Februart it 2 hrsi 1% rR OAfS has receihed ntuto fo h Pany, £4 Per shame called and paid. and on whc ineetat the rate of I, Per cent, has been reguilarly, pail atclr a be Obtained at the Mart; of 'W. W., Kearey. R,. oiio.Sra,Gloceslershiro; and at Mr. Marsh's offices, 2, charot-ow asOnouse. Periodical Sale (estabIlished In 18,131 of Reversfions, Pol21icis Annu-iri.. Shamre, Bonds, lie., for Thursday, Feb .The valuable AbsoIrute iteversion- to the sum of £710 NeTre e ent. Annuities, receivable On tihe decease of a lady now In her 55t Iear. m R. MARSH has received instructions to include in LY.his next Mionthly Periodical Sale Of Rteversions Plicies, lie.. atp pointed tolake place at the_I art, on Thurda.Februaary 7, att 12. te valuable AMISILITE LVF5RSIoN to the"SUM of -710 NEWV bHR E ,rC T ,stausling I n tho0 nam es of highly reset Trstes, and recivable en the decease of a lady now in her 5=8t0year. Pr,ticuLlar ay beobtained at the Mart of Messes,lraco and Colt, solicitors 24, Siurrey-street, Strand; and at Mrf. Marsh's offices.,2, Charlotte-row, Matnslon-bouse. ProiaSle(estabised in ls43) of ReversionsPoies, Annuiies Shares, Rends,. &c.-For Thursday, February 7. the imnportant and valuable Absolute Rteversionuto the Sums of £5.58 12a. Consols. andl £4,183 Gs. Sd. Reduced Three per Cents., receirable absolutely on the decase of a lady and gentleman, respectively in the llh and 57th yer f thu age lIAR. M RSH hasreceived initructions to include in Lii,his extMoutlyreriodical Sale of Reversions. Policies lie. apyointedtotake laeeattheMari, onThusdyFeb.7. atlZI,twsolote lbsimprtnt n~ alabl ABOL TE REVES]ON to the SUMNS of £,55 12. Cnsol. ad £,18 69, &L. loauced Three per Cents,, slarhagin te nmesof three hioliy re-spectable frustees and receiablhy he endr udera marriage settlement, as the only child, on he eat ofparntsrespectively in the 57th and 10th years of their age.Foricuaremaybe obtained at the Mart; of Mecr.~ Freeman andBotaneey,solciors 19 Coema-stee; and at Mdr. hItarsis' VanbeLetters. Patent for Improvements in the Mfanufact-ure of Sails, adlopted by the most eminent shipowners anid sailmakers in the k-ingdom. R1T. MNARSH hans received instructionis to SEL-L by 3itAUCTION at the Mart, on Thursday, February 7, at 12. in consequence of adiasolution ot ce-prtnerhip, the valuable LET. TEEtS PATEN'T for England. Wales, llerwiek-upon-Tsweed, and Scotland, dated February 24, 1644 grunted to Mr. Trail, for Tm- Srvmentl inethel I anv farctemo Sai ols, whichhve nee advopted ith grea sUCcesIyON e of the mosit omnen Tushpowneb. andLt0 sail mpermision ofthe tingdom. Paurticularsan iretcnditions of Wae.ma obe otainedattonearitiofAto Medssrs.]aesand ohictOel,Dsoictfors, IKnt r.IlbsOfc ZCharlotte-row,,ansio-house Smallsrehold DInvehostent ind thsiessl ofrLondon, cnfearrnha veent's fo thek cout.ayofSdlesoex. 3I3R ARSH has received instructions froSELLe YJb AUTION , at the 3tart. en Thursdayr Feb.ur 7, at 12 n n lo,ah coprsingbl No. BridgeIvater-gardua7, B-srhimt loret onua rep airin lseTo CarepectaBuldertenant attevmodera hute rentalkfLers-annuab, an Lcn errntavtefrs then ount Ipovemidense Man hrvut ede b peIrusss ofAlActuant hasdprtciculrs winthcodtionls tof SaLL. oby AUCined 1 at the Mart;.fAfedRsel Eon solicitor, Feraryfo7, atent;h and tC MR.oarsh'soffIces2 CHarlTTE-S, Mattnsion-home hi Lrreasehaldbothlsideshouse andliukiesPeie,na the Rolrmyb Uegtent's. or otsie, he ostof anrac,t. Min-ybebn onei. lyI ha m Xtbr. MiablSHodawng roomeiedowinds,atrutions. fmThedrw ings relpresentmativ ofte deen.ased paropietoars, thondSELLn by saUCTON,ane at the Mlart.s onThrsda2,FCaltebruar, Matn2,inonehot,ste theewrkhops, anopemses, m anth Od dwellng-house, No.th Lo, hIOll-tet inth ocuAtiN o ESpecabl technlants,o hel forLa lon Aodton bfsaeobutaied ate o theStrt; of ivses. tadCms B" AR'ESH hos Birciedinstanctioll.t SELL by APUCTION, at the Mart, on Thurnsday, Febmary 73, at 1A th vawualot%te LATESOPATr EVTEfRSIIONo _01 EIENS. in thewMAThrorrerCews. Anudhth? sienetant alin the roather mayb ladno either d1e oer.ouThie, thscosute rso of manfatuin6bin Shairembo y lO Thane any iengsan1ptedu ntmay e s.epen,tandtparticular,ithoconditiosnofrsale oytaine Paala.Marsth's offticesn2 Charl.;ofe-ro. Meant.sion-h ious.2 IL)j . BAtrce S and ofMr Barnch19-l3irchi-lae SEmarLstbyt TL-morDw,aUt ONarrath.eMrwt,kontWedesdt eray6,Oato12, in saix les,I brick-builtd,wit FREEHagD HOUSE, situtenie inTiers-o Wroad,oasfewtacesn arom theOld Kent-roaduc.randtnar the Windsor 9 C R';ec OnERTre bEd moms, twLL sitin odroomsktchen scull ustea,l atilGa.rawey'sib soldorin, separateota ParticuforsI at heMartinh LourdNelsoh , andv Windsore FRastLDE,SaAoiing ofmr. Casnitt sosto. 6 5, Berwlngbarel.OxlrdetreantoflMr BaMrne,1. Chirmain,a lace, pe Lmard-street. 6,Ievc-het n h pcospel Antere uberut 6evrson onfer advanedllivghues,d mn BARe NESnSv woks of's "s irchaing-anclowill sELLou byad tao otdns,pthefABoLtuTrinsareRstick of £,1 tibraps,rod.bewTree erwicnt.rAnuties,lexpectantes oneth dath ofnt amladyntiowin2he 71s.td year. Theum Absolute2 aeerina of 1-steetShlaredo £210 Throndreetpci Cent.r aeucdnnuities, expectaty185 ohn thepdebathefr wlad iner entite viear.bParticularsoattheteAuction art; oflar.m yerhii olicitr. 2 BaiGial-wree; and of Z r an. Ro 19.a BGreh-at e Lorl bardu-street. Tomrro,at MarlbrouaystrBerwckt, n oda, Ofr-tet-lnoat and valuabler Freehold Estte cemprising F ouHossadavr spateciousenoed in ardve, wlnthan carria etenrane xesieTes0 Wiorkshops, cabinet andh Dwlling, producin vrna f£1 t. pier-gannum,Spnsmaoaydeod,stsf ca'wrtWtals R ruBERT sRE nd oth eLLaret,byodrfth bdtrudstes at hbedGarward'bs. To-morrow,Jnayf ,a 2fr preiset lys, indorboed theaboer valniuabe, FREh OLDnaAT, gcomprismito.s3.a be wick-sreeton Oxford-steet let atol Mrhad. na £7iS,SpReSm No 2 BeAickstret and the spacious remie inth rart, numbered,ebruconsisting luale dwilingHOus ad numATe,o co etnsivein workhp an dsa enclosueofetcarbeln.-inga spartciu iyrd, andriver Tspacesfo turning a largdemstick fr t tobr. approached froad raz djiicn-sthe esbtflinates, let XatorenwrdTs amontint £251. Sd £5 erannmentil ay-ae 85 whnteparcDasefrtwll beent. te to t eSrak en-tal estmtda 0prnu. The,%o propy,er.,tyImy b viewdbyenefsWnisalonoh tnns oarticlase ayb howandeoftessrs MJa`gha nd Dixn,T soiior,4 Ronthendre-faldings ivGrDay's-nnat Gardawaa's;oando tor. Robfrt Reid th4,dGre tMarlofborouh-stee ModernrFom urnicture. Plath edtrticles, dfo and Ee ns ciely, mod 9 earns, atNPa-Iexteml com eW;cprising a meodraigroomirei suiencoered oincelve, walhnu gardndit faoutrcing-1it, clase rd, nd occ tsionaltales,dcabinetd withdplte-ls hacks,i whtnote bhink, and t cases,dowriTing tables,Busslelsad othewares Arabian andK Feuhdt toiet glass, Isnd bedxchalbert frniture, chins glass,orx haindgkitcens quisit es,eMaydb viewd cpbeonfSturday an catalogues hazid. ei 1I thSbest nia SLfctre andky BUtCiLarcos'D ag hou. eninsrcebyte rom Pbeabn-oprget, to SfeLLb AUCTdION attbi taree ontFriday,sFebruaryemeat .avatuabpwl o FEHL ESTAT'oe,o cniting Taufl machnenosr anf fetlD belat nldnd, lyn near theo Powure Etamndgdjiing theMestates of awjh4-ors Howardbyer, an t0hore pRev. eninerwand. c0ontanin power 3oUr., mo-hrseDowrlessin. and nowin heosen potionbof Mr. an.excaUntrelaundr agebiemelntkerintsilsngspatMihelt stons, 1b5l,athigthe owithnusrentslo £25.e Partiuem lars,hwith pans mayber hatenat thrnMast rat thrde teHr and Cax,stxlewHoels;e adu ch ests,rs. VBuckand anrd Sn Windorder ofd Messcrs. a Cro her, ayard Son, andrs Lwword, sn oltors, olemantoree, 11lncit; r of trect rs of3emHaslam end Buckland, suveor,tioeer.nsrux, Reading,an2Cnn-set went2, caity. trewsmy Extensmive PCapera Mlls.e Hawley,enk ewearDaLfoi,Kncont. i borougb HA LAutM and GretCKlANDareyn pubsrntdtSEiAcAM Xttheord.nAxtHe3 t,oinlFaxda,FebA.ate hobDeneSalTATEsitatintheEeAsBfofthew~evi,tossnlafdertile HartLEY the L andPEofMIiSEn55 uon the nveTMilage ofivertasnt, andne ardaou otoiesfo the town of Datod hh d antagerfketh railwa andughwaterchmnrmilwatyo withstes frmetrnopolis hel Goreat Gismbxpred 1 The land islet at moderate renta and tawell drained and, considering the present stats of the landmar ket, an opportonityis offered to capitalists for an investment rarely to be met with. The estate ill te fesed In one or two lots ao may bo agreed upen5at the time of oale. Printed particulars, with plans annexed, ho had at the Great northernHotel andt aracen'shead f.otel, indcolnl at the Gardon Arms Hotel, Mariet raein; and iaso of Mr. wniaRoo Smit, Inud agent, WVest Rassen: Mr. David Brigge, of Kelaer Grange, near louth oaf uessrw Williamdson, eill, an swltliamson 10. GreatJamesstreet, Bedford-row, L,ondon; and of Mr. T GreenswoofiTeale, solicitor, Leeds, Under an Executlon fsrom the fiheriff.-Plegant and well-manufactured ifoneehl 0d Furniture, including tvwo ceetly Drar^g Roomn Suite in -choice wallnutw ood and macewood, a saveet-toned t.-cocta.vo Cottago Pianoforte a superb Library Bookcase and Tble, wrought-irou Chest, a small collection of Proof Prints and Pzaintings, eleganit Chinaf Services, numerous valuable and highly desirable persownl Effects, R. LEWIS has received instrUCtions to SELL by LYkpublie AUCTION, at the Rooms, 6t9 Queen-street, NewCaraonstreet, city. on Friday, Feb. 1. at 12 precisely the superior FURN-- TURE,; comprising two ostly suites in nut and mcw1ood, wib tables and cheffonier in corresponding-order, four elegant velvet-pile carpeti, several brilliant plate chimnny-glassts a sweet-toned 6-octavo cottage pianoforte. stool, 4&e.a Pair of-ost3ycabinets bronzes, printe. plate articles, aud ther drawing room elegaacs. anisotac cved Arabian bedsteads, xwith damask anings, excellent god*e feather beds. nobldwinged waobs Spanish rahogany drawers and-wsashstands, toilet and chevAl glse .ewicker chalts ladies' and gentleren's Areseing cs- chimney ornaments-ac, ser-eral sets of Spanish mabih gany chirse overed in maroon, morocco and hairdoth. lounges aud easy chairs, noble set of telesope ding tables elegant sideboard ittea with a dilvered plsfe-gleseback, a noblo bookcase of exquisite workananhip,library table, eteganat chin dinner, deseert, andt lvc handsxom Brruseic c*.rets and rage,- h;c. kitchen resatisllerpiatad artices, and lumerolns valuableeffects. Maybe viewed the mnoratot of sale till12 o'lock,ad cataogueshad; and of W. fiweny, Tat 60hiditor, (lraoeerch-shtreet; of the Eheaiffs officer, 15, BelI-licy and of the auctleoner, 4, Colema-treet, cityg. .To Silloth 'danufacturers, acbems Iopemakess,and OthmeI MjESSRS. FULLER and IORSEY a're ie=strut JJto SELL by AIJCTION. on the Prms= CoenMIeMl&O &Salmon-lane, Limehone.nMond" Febur 1 tI i oa ih Ou eserc d PO3m iW w ~S24 and 30 inches, 20 extra machine, tou gross bobis. %*tb2%frqamMs thesaeigmeW One Soomloth loorm,-wilwcavc a vcziyardswide. two large open cipp Y'Ab% 8fett 6 adS feet, diameter, one oblonig cperan adwe- tank in -plates, d'M0T I w Srwhl 1 etsiNameter plabiu sesebine with cpperbraidn,driving gaig, severaml oreleaashing several rods Of bncekwork, 10 tons 1mmrala ad cham,r 2D toti5 sfu achitry cas iLa wrugh-h- ba ttisig sapur and riggerwhe ls, a smallPlantationofgrowng~ pa,.sh,elnm,nd lime trees, an1nn`ieroums.other 'CIfects, O elewed oni SAturday previouis to the ale,' "'Iemcatalogoes maybe had on the premises, and of Mcssre.Fualeg and Homey-, 13. Billtler-treet, city. 1IjESSR-S. PULLER and HOMSEY -Wiil SELL lw J,zAUCTION, at the 3ast on Wednesday, February 12. at P4, &0 dozens Of firt-dn WINES, inudn a few dozens of extremely rare wilse from the HaLfod celars on bbin of very choice dr Let wine. of the vintage of 1830, bottled in 115. four bin of onr Italc dry port wine, vintage 1840, bottled in 1848 I84, and 1847 IQualcs Harris And Son'si shiping), and two bina of the vintage 184, bottled in 1645 and 1647 lone of thmbeing a remarkablYfduosample pipe of Qusloe Harris aud Son's shipping). several bing of choice old endsed poD-t, from four to seven yeax n bottle IThomewn and Croft's, Sandeman's. For- retrs Atrle,and Roi-al OProWn ov~re iipn 0 cnetser,and one bin of verysuparjorold bronm serrTy, 20 do=Sa of claret, andl some bucellas The wines are lIg ' in cellars 25, Token. house-yaud In the sole custoyof the auctioneers They may be 1mblicly viewed andtasted on-Tusdy pevous tothe sae. Cawtalges maybe had at the Mart; and of Messrs, Fuller and Horsey, Butterfftrect, city. To Engineers Millwrights,adotes 1tESSRS. FULLER and HIOSE are instrncted JJto SEILL by A1CTIO3-, on Monday, Feb. 4,atl1.,on thbPre. mntses 93 Tooley~stroes Southwark. in lots, without resmerve EIOGINEEitSgTOOlS Machinery, and Stock: 1- inch self-scting lathe by Shankst,14fee bed; self-acting paning machine, to take in 26 in, wide by 4feet 2in length ;four gae'Cting3vrtmr]cadrilling machines (one very powerful) scre-wing miachinneto wre m)to two intbes, fouLr steam engwnes of 2 and 3 horse power, Coriuishboilrr, slotting machine. foot lathe, vice and benches stocks, taps, amid dies and steel tools, small gas apparntus for 20 lights, el,ht newr~rtable band corn mills smith's forge bellows, anvils, tools, .b ocks an falls, collectioyn of weo' patterns, a few lots of household furniture, and other effects:- also tho letters patent for improveiments in the manufacture of'portable hand flourmillsforntermu 14 years, Tobeviewde3on Stanlay ?,reviona in the sle. wheneatalogoes maybe had onthepremises, ado Messrs Puller and Horsey. Billiter-street, city. TP-ls bay lWedseesday).-Continuation of the Sale ofWace,lte and Jeweilery-Onviw IV1[ESSRS. DEBEH , STOREI, stnd SON wil MlSL, nt their Rooms, igstet Covent-garden. To-mSrDow e.lerw foresthreeSale of bloek ad fals, eher spoons and hrk83 metem and lo~cruste l Portsie Jee ozrUeLtQnpale bndtTo-moTrink.-ts Thid ande final ltoprtyon ofteabovediute yeapri ESR.DEBENHATN, STORRe ads O 7e .A.ESlL ttei om,tihsrei o en cadn.o-U,morrow and other valuable items, On eviewo.thei metrs,Wache, nd loks,lose ewls,brllintOrnaments, aL l8l3.-NoticesforFebrrrabruary18M6. TuckaES theSth DEEH M,SO e, ad ONbe LTurespec tful oalte attentio ndoh anoitygery baTeshsliuorsa,telt, ecuossivrmThus,dand jelrsothe ir&h incuedayg masie sIlver plt,tbesricsothQue'anfid aTterns, Shofieldpiono ithem Frencocust finelmy bein tishedhono mepicters, atcthes wucith pee ofii eve movements, pinset briailguts. ebmerads sapbre, rubdes, Jandar perl, dimnIemnt,ad balesofterichinogea Variet.Ths, Fore ten onh oSPbraywllbs and ed.Une,th 6t hrdy h 1t Thursda. thlh I Ibetl F,esday. the isth Mo anday ten1 Thursday, the 4th, WeThursday, the 28th. Wedesday. the 19th,Fi a.th emsofnomisin n,h amollhterealsedmay, bhe obtaiedo aphlicaoiontatnthe be cioewarandocatces,uwherealsonprinted datalogues -igtre,Covent-garden Lnd n -January 29, I816 adoekn,AttireIidah LionenGos, Cabinetgo-oads. riueal ~jESSRS. EBENHAM S ORiE,wand SONELL, Rocnay ana EFVims inFarprigonstxe lts, on te daysr' HollowFraiday the odme bytMnday DitithSre o1 Aslut Monday, the Uth Wednesdayt the au7thDee Shreida,tche Vlublt ecoll Fpridy.-T Ca itadther29th G~ESR. EBIRO IEL adHREwill SELLbyACINat BArogaro othaWa.t o ; erk,aTISD . Jaury3.at32n lo,5110EfurI,. wihout eserve,theWU Khoeofh extesivuaeSTOCKi consstetCting o rountaihs,efiures, vase,ycentre fdwyrs,atracry,tde. Maybedviewed, land,it catal togu sha of thle.h ropretr Mesr.. L mith, end theaprman,se-l (post tre on Gapplauication;pandte the Lutidoeeros,p4,tarli;thametanofthce .aundCoan ex hange.Hreln,I -n-od FujR GenuPlr18inchoes,HousehtolderrGlasses, k lckPny.e liSl. JHA KNSON will SELL, at thes Ci oms Au 6i,, RoamtL s, 39ov. Grachr-le-btret, onFrdy February Fe. at 12_ tor-, genuin edHOsEHL UNT, bedding. adomwalns chsct . of d tvmhevusal detrptona pairom mofdem-cottgles,inefortye-, largett glaeds sow cast tabls ftins pscaledus, puaintity alond engraingr hwgass, linhe uensl, apY IreL,a bleecack poy n aiu teefcsn viewtedypviuan Thmrngaof fter- and hominofsate, andctaotehhd Coumercthlae Room s, 43 , FarringdeTn-mrroet, ened.orflomHtborut; -Stoketca okelr.rmved faoan outrsalexintcnsieqnento of thae rs.e mist havng ben cndemed b theDistict Mueo.-the uualut Sale. ~ , adbl-oie h 1%JTESSRS. PRIEE andSO C iLlA ELRKAU. ALtLT ION, atthteoos Las br-pabove TStD. auay0 12 1 t 1 fr 1, the enui erSOC of ah BOOKsELLER comsingabut 10,80Wvoume Lof3 boS,ITamong whichwor chmaney odadui morpt dninggof table.sCaaloguets at theii roromscndac heaci r ofchabrapnaes, 18atngrden,stsfrtedoeU fie,a mhousditems.-Vloby e Frewehonedaypreediyn-T Capitalist and caothers. haLthW. art, onq. ofriday. ebrsryne,at2i onlemslot, e-bidingEEHoLI HOUesa.Mro andTW WORKSHOPS, sUitua CdtecWillia-stnbree, Crn road, streditean May bhe vutoiewed byleaveoftertenantsen. prin lars, fltonditrionsofsae, hlade ofn BesrougLeameyaud Chaman oi cio,2, LAVERinS-iab edsirte Hornsaen o ppth siteecuoreofitrh. Church GeroveMarie.or opoiteL the AUCndON, Hosptl the Mart;z'~ ffandrofteau,trionee, Whitenorrow, Miuay le-end-roa.th R Gue,orHuenunh oueodluntud c Amder. JoHnSO wt lSLLhtteeiyAsci XITtIIPRin hNdsm maho-gany Aain four-poet andsotherabosl stat,bs be beddn ing, aloed wadea'zngos,r chestso drwersi,rooalechimntey, ande dresing glses are drmawng n duitsnitltrehtvelvt. twoselhandsm modkern cotagpets drpiaofrtes by uatt slm ets ofening tabes,ingplatedgos, opaining and 'ouenrigs, ktchben uteoks, a. foen wcl dozen palc brand, oldtce Porntureandfn Shrary,m andct Onum ierosthervdlayl effect. Onta viewnthe a previosadmorin of J CdI Esaqe, 1 To Chymisrets D rofteaucits ixtuere-deaPolers,ydetes LeasRan GoodwllN with poseLLon of t UCION t e Iv te'Ros, Huntadington-hree.-To-mtolrw a.3,wtot reere,TheHUSHL 3ARIJN isisJtru61cotaed piaofot andby th hndoe iare mahoganyg ou: n te rs,mxtesivests Tnof rv.Jawers cirb oy,vriousn rth afeondProther las, tj Paro andftins theODWuLLofftet eabmdr hp eovedeigbl omut HOTE Iud OSIoNsdl-HpS,laree,yttg hill als n uxdeiallentd aixmotuifonerengpare, seekitglaps, iame sectai ab an counrte,oivecodesk fur . f ur persos gasd fittngs,raent, cand.e cosanternyO vew thed daypue iewedCatalourofticuemanuconeei taonleyplae, Padangton-grenseu, fP .Thre oiitr LIe and f2r .I Marnnupey-ti, aucbn's-wod.-CodecFrnIturet, Smuehfinld. Chidn,Snae hrntMCotr ia-bodidohnten, Eok6nct, Wn IV][ESSRS. BLAKEa CLR wl SELL byACT-Nupi £.AUth ON atem s L,Dpangbila-plrace,S Jon'Tus-woo, ooFeb id.aty,3 ch1.a12for 1 , b by!~ oher Eeuofrh ,sges of th MatJrn. It HBak-erj_ bdRding, aln ROO sIts o dan rosewold,chimney-ls, odcses,slor,see carpet,gdning tableswand shb,eine!chaim dninmoroo.th card,end ther- chmber app-Eendgs reustsfrtedmsi ieoos, n misellahado W,Bel, Eq,, ffiial(astgue, Clemn-ireei-t-biiugte of Itsrs ace mdPiead.slliuschQ, Crstbrh-hm crs,Se goe-tret a d f heautinerss4, Chacerylan, Solte nd oth-qaer Houes, iebodoe skmitsourre ,on-ewmd seonrd~-ban books, Tayblevee, cand Caole a fIess 274,J Srand; atth BoomS; mDAY of th autoneer, the H CamEomLe-. stet ClTy, -=mhoayAaia.'pned rnh Noriughii-sqared-Hosehgl Furni6ture Par o 3ag,utet CLabi--d wngts PedesalLbrayTbe, cigaddaprital Coachmte in morocood lather. chinrcm Weardrob, ch donmnsJo,cr gi oas,lmovl Premies, Te1VHIS DAY-nJe, at set ofo 1,the mHog"SSHODand chiroin heathears andeditg abeto p washta nds,tfah;X cex-e nd tileir~ t gasss,dessinegtalir7ble,cetlfdae.Crns,hndsome mahogany-4 wu inted wardroe adfT-or, diig ai drawpingtoo suiesina glosewoodt mis chaird in le,-afle Oniew tey-day~e andr monamnts Iof sae and ex_, logues had on the p)remises; andl of the auctioneer, the) ledg,Notthm,-hilL, This Evening, at 6 oethe mainute.-A large quantiyo sfl aeal and ornamental Plroperty without resmere - AMESRS JONES ald BNHA ilSL y- AJLAUCTION,a hi ra om,Uad1.Lictrsr, above. -ii, taoaua ---
